A BURIED PROVERB. (One word hidden in each line).
A TINY stream, onesummer's day, said, boldly, " I will be A mighty river, rolling on towards the boundless sea ! Men shall not stop me with their massive walls of granite stone; I'll gather strength, and they shall see all things by me o'erthrown ! " It had no fears; but soon, alas ! a hillock bars its way; Imprisoned in the mossy dell it evermore must stay. A HIDDEN FR,UIT. S ERE'S a basket of flowers, so fragrant and bright, And in it a fruit I have hidden from sight. My first is in peony, flaunting and red, My second 's in gay purple heather; My third is in daisy, a brave little plant That cares not for wind nor for weather'; My fourth is a rose. If the letters you take, You'll 4,nd that a ripe juicy fruit they will make When you place them together. 9, Bernard Street, GWENELLEN WEBB. Primrose Hill. . A PUZZLE OF SIX FLOWERS: THREE GARDEN, AND THREE WILD. HRILL and high the north wind blows, Faded is the last bright - ; And no more the wild bee sips From the blossoms of -- ; As we roam the wild fields over, There's no pleasant smell of - And the sheep, so fat and lazy, Cannot find a single - ; And beneath the bramble vine There's no little - ; Now the only flower that blows Is the lonely - ° SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. KING of Judah. 2. A king of Persia whose queen was a Jewess. 3. A priest of On. 4. A brave young man who lived in the reign of Nebu- chadnezzar. 5. One who reproved a king. 6. One who cured an apostle of blindness. 7. The sister of one who rebelled against his father. 8. A man who killed his master the king. 9. One of the apostles. zo. A prophetess. ix. A high priest. 12. The brother of the man who was called the friend of God. 13. The husband of Peninnah. X4. A son of Shem. X5. The wicked son of a high priest. The initials form the name, given by a king, of the first corn merchant mentioned in the Bible. MARY A. Fox. 27, St. yohn's Street, Devices. (Aged i4d.)
HISTORICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. CITY of Spain. 2. A famous English general. 3. A province in Belgium. 4. A canton of Switzerland. 5. An English martyr. 6. The path in which a planet moves. 7. A celebrated Lord Chancellor. 8. An English poet. The initials and finals form the names of two brave ad- mirals well known in history. MEYNELLA WOOD. Mlaryon Road, Clharlton, S.E. (Aged 14.) BEHEADED WORDS. AM a hard substance ; Behead me, and I become a sound; Behead me again, and I am less than two. II. I am a sort of carriage; Behead me, and I am a shelf ; Behead me again, and I am part of an instrument. III. I am a battle ; Behead me, and I become a fish; Behead me again, and I am an adverb. IV. I am a missile ; Behead me, and I am a handle ; Behead me again, and I become a nautical expression. V. I am a fish; Behead me, and I appear in perfect health; Behead me again, and you can drink me. FRED. DUDGEON. 2, Churclh Villas, Dover. (Aged xo.) --- 0 -- A RIDDLE. 'M often in a churchyard seen, And sometimes by a cottage door; And when beheaded twice I've been, I'm double what I was before. And there's one reason why you should This riddle make out in a minuts And if you think it very good, You will not say there's nothing in it. St. Ml[ary's Lodge, JESSIE ADAMS. FoxhIall Road, lpswick. (Aged 13.) - L,':, ""'