A CHRISTMAS CHARADE. By J. KEIrTH ANGUS.
The l'ord: ADMISSION. First Syllable : Ad (d). Sccondl: Mission. The IWhole: Admission. (I., right-hand side.) (L., left-hand side.) (c., centre.) Fi'rst Syllable : ADD. Characters : Harry, Dick, Arthur, Alice. (.So as to fr'm a school class other children may join, al/honugh /h/y have nothing to say or do. Dick rejre'st/ls the school- master, and takes up psition facing his class.) Dick. With arithmetic, then, our class will start, And in it all the pupils must take part. (To HARRY, andptoining /ofrgures on saht'.) And first, I'd like to know how you contrive To figure up that 2 and 2 make 5? See [marking ,f with his fngers], 2 and i make 3 and i makes 4. And so on, dunce, until you reach a score. HarIy (I.). 5 into 20 goes 4 times I know- Alice (L.). But that's division- Dick [to ALICE]. Top of class you go. (ALICE asses as if to top ,,f c/lass.) Harry (L.). Well, io from 12 leaves 2- Dick. How you annoy. ..Alice. He's at subtraction now- Ar/hur [behind]. The stupid boy. HarIº' [turning round t, Artkhr]. Don't you call names- Dick. Pray, silence, I implore ! Harny [as befre]. Or else I'll fight you when the lesson's o er. Dick [to HARRY]. Come, quickly say, 9 and ii make?- Harry [quickly]. Two ! Dick [testily]. 9 and ii, not from. [To ALICE.] Now, what say you ? Alice. 20, a score, to that they quickly run. Dick [to HARRY]. You seem to think that lessons are but fun, Some other method let me try to start : Something familiar-say, an apple tart. If I give you a tarts, and then 2 more- Harry [quickly]. I know that answer, 2 and 2 make 4. Dick [/o PUPILS]. Since he at last right answer seems to know, Take a half holiday. The school can go. (PUPILS cheer and go out.) Second Sellable: MIssroN. Characters : Arthur, Alice, Dick, and Harry, as before. (All are s/tanding round a able.) Dick. I vote that Arthur takes the chair to-day, And he'll explain what we have got to say. (All say, " Yes, yes i" Arthur takes chair at top of table and the others also sit around him.) Arthur. From out the pocket-money which we get, It is proposed that all aside should set A penny every week ; thus may be bought For Children's Hospital, a children's cot. That is, that we who gladly romp and roam, Should not forget that there's a children's home, Where mites like we are cured by doctor's skill, When legs get broken, or when body's ill.
Alice. I second this, and information seek, Who will collect the pennies every week ? I/arry [cyine]. Boo-ooh-- can't pay. Boooh ! Dick. Harry, why so glum ? Hlarry. I'm in disgrace, for I can't do my sum. XMy pocket-money's stopp'd-boo-oo-ooh ! .-lrt/hur. We can't be interrupted, boy, by you. \Vhen you your sum have done, got o'er your trouble, W\\hat weeks you miss, then you must pay us double. Alice. We'll make a mission, sharing all we've got To quickly raise funds for the children's cot. Arthur. E're going farther, Dick, our poet, here Will read. Dick. No, i'm too bashful- .Arthr. Never fear, Your lines are good enough- Dick. They're full of flaws. ..rlhr. At least they clearly will explain our cause. (Dick rises and reads from pajper which he holds in his hands, or, he muy sing the vzerses-/thle music beins that of KAingsle"'s " Three F"ishers." If this latter me/hod be adopted, .I rthltr will say in place of '" will read," " will sing." .I piatno . might accompany the singer.) Dick. Three children went roaming about on the street, All at play on the street, as the sun went down, Qu:te heedless of horses or carts they might meet (For of such there were plenty in that busy town). For carts must carry, and horses must run, Though children are full of delight and of fun, And song in their play enthroning. Three horses came tearing along the dark street, Along the dark street where the children did play, in the midst of their gambols, the horses' cruel feet Maimed the children e're they could get out of the way. For horses are thoughtless, and children as well (This latter is truth, as all mothers can tell)- See how the horses are foaming ! Three children lay out in a hospital bed, And got nasty physic to cure all their pain, (For the future, I hear, horses all must be led, Nor are children to play in the dark streets again). Yet horses must work, though children do play- But we ask towards our mission your pennies to pay, And soften the children's moaning. (At conclusion of recitation or song Dick resumes scat.) Alice. I vote that a bazaar we next shallohold, Whereat, again, our wants we will unfold. Arthur [to Audience]. Thus what you've seen, and what to-day you've heard, Will form the meaning of our second word. (Harr, risers, and bLgiiNs to cry " Boo-ooh," whereupon the rest seize him and j!tush him out, thus closing scene.) The I'Whole Word : ADMIssION. (Characters as in last scene, and lagain, on entering, sit around table.) .rthu-r. All is prepar'd, but e're we do begin, Should we not chargs for letting people in ? Thus we secure some funds, for fears have I That some go in who don't intend to buy.
.lice. And we've a goodly sight, patrons, to show-- Stalls full of wares, above, around, below- Shawls from the Indies, gold-ore from Peru; From Smyrna, figs ; and birds from Timbuctoo. From Sheffield, knives; from Birmingham, hardware- \Vonderful things, to make the people stare ! Marmalade from Dundee-the best e'er seen; AndI granite ornaments from Aberdeen. Dick. If really sights so grand we can bestow, People should pay to see so fair a show. Harry [crling]. Boo-ooh ! I can't pay, my pocket-money's seized Until my master says that he is pleased With how I do my sums; but I can't add-
Dick. Such an admission really is too bad. Arthur. That word brings back the subject of debate, W'hether door money we should charge. I state The meeting's general feelings when I say, That who goes in an entrance fee must pay. Alice. And thus the money earned, most clearly ought To help us soon to raise our children's cot. Arthur. And now among our attudience let us go To see what charity they will bestow. [To A udicce]. We don't want moe than pennies, as we've said. Htarry;. Boo-ooh ! Dick. This is too bad. A/ice. Quick, put that boy to bed ! (.1/1 /iurry' Harry out as &fire, acd c/,.vc scne.)