A CHRISTMAS CHARADE. By J. KEIrli ANGUS.
The Word : HI-OSTAGE. First S/llable : Host. Second : Age. The whole : Hostage. (R., right-hand side.) (c., centre.) (L., left-hand side.) First S),llable : Hos'r. Characters : Sir Jasper, Claud, Madge, Servant. (E'n/cr CLAUD and MADGE, R.) Claud (R.). So here we are, our visit come to pay Unto Sir Jasper on his natal day. So young to come into this vast estate. lMadge (L.). As well as title and a fortune great ! Claud. That he'll be glad to see us I've no doubt, And not, like some hosts, feel as if put out \When guests arrive. JAadge. Of that we need not fear, For he's the kindest laird known far and near. Claud. Not only rich he entertains, but poor. I/adge. Not ev'ry great man acts like him, I'nm sure. (En/er SERVANT', L.) Servant. Sir Jasper will be here in little time, And if you do not mind the stair to climb, Your rooms I'll show you. ./Madge (c.). That perhaps is best, For I am wearied and require some rest. [SERVANT, CLAUD, and \IADGE gO 02/O R. A//dr a patse SIR JASPER enters L. Sir lasper. My young friends, Claud and Madge, have come to stay. Though we are young, it seems a long, long day Since we have met; and now that I am heir To wealth and place, reception I'd prepare Of welcome kind (laughing). One thing alone I boast, 'T'hat I'm a genial, guest-protecting host. (Enter CLAUD, R.) Claud (R.). Al, Jasper! Sir J. (L.). Claud (lhey shake hands) ; but Madge, where has she hid ? Claud. Only up-stairs ; your servant quickly bid To summon her. (Enter MADGE, R.) la4Le (a.). Nay, here I am ; 'tis meet Not to rest first until our host we greet. (Shakes hands with SIR JA\sPER, who cros.res to C.) Sir J. (c.). This meeting surely bringeth back old times, Old thoughts, old recollections, and old rhymes. Ne'er have we met since we three were at school, And glad I am our friendship does not cool. Claud (L.). My sister here and I are glad and pleased, And quickly we your invitation seized To visit you. Sir J. And now I hope you'll stay, For I have children's fetes nigh every day, And you must help. lMade. You really do too much. Sir 1. Nay, while we're young, good must we do to such As cannot help themselves. (Enter SERVANT, L.) Aervant. The children- Sir J. There, Come and support me while I take the chair. [All go out ., SIR JASPER giving his ar,'m to MADGE, and is followed by CLAUD. SERVt'AN'r fllows, bowing.
Second Sl//able : AGE. Characters the same, but theny must appear to be old. (Elter SIR JASPER, L.) Sir J./asper. Dear me, 'tis strange how mem'ry back can go O'er years and years, and always seems to know The story of the past-it seems so bold To rake up youthful ashes when we're old. How many years since Claud and Madge were here ; I recollect the children's fetes, so dear They were to me. [Sighs] Ah, well! to age all bow, Those who were young are middle-aged ere now. (Enter SERVANT', R.) Servant. A carriage at the door, Sir Jasper. Sir i. Eh ? Some one to call? Ah, well ! a welcome pray Give out, and bid them quickly come within. (LEnter CLAUD and MIAEGE, R.) Here's a surprise the day's work to begin. Claud (i.). We thought we would surprise you coming here. lMadge (c.). But times are chang'd, Sir Jasper; we get near Our journey's end ; old age creeps on apace, And wrinkles chase the smiles from out the face. Sir J. Yes, it is long ago since last we met. Claud [/iaghingJ. Time has it, none of us can younger get. Sir J. Do you remember those school-feasts we had ? Where are those children now ? Ah ! it is sad To think that infant faces lose their smile 'T'hrough age, and life grows weary in a mile Of travelling. Madge. Ah, yes! it is too true; And yet, Sir Jasper, years run light with you : Still the kind grasp of hand, and beaming eye, And cheerful voice, ne'er Imix'd with moan or sigh. Sir!. Ah ! I must not complain ; the life I've led Has joyous been ; no care upon my head Has settled ; and methinks I could engage None cheerier are, considering my age. Cland. We thought we'd pay a visit as we pass'd. AlIadae. See an old friend. Sir J. It must not be the last; For though I'm older now, yet I do live Right well, and welcome to my friends can give. Indeed, I wish that you would come and stay. (Enter SERVANT, R.) Servant. Sir Jasper, lunch is serv'd. Sir J. [offers hand to MADGE.] I'll lead the way. [All go of as before. The whole word: HOSTAGE. Characters: First Officer, Second Officer, and two Boys. sst Officer (R.). The terms of peace my king imposes are: That you collect your men from near and far, And lay their weapons down. Then you must pay Four hundred thousand crowns upon a day Yet to be fixed. And till you pay this fine, We, for security, two sons of thine
Or of thy general must take away, And they, as prisoners of war, must stay 'T'ill such a time as these terms are fulfill'd- Thus speak I what my sovereign has willed. (ThneTwo BoYs sand near the SECON I) OIrvICi i~, w0ho nlies.) Second Oficer (rL.). Since in fair fight defeated we have been, And loss of town and men and arms have seen, WVe have no choice but to obey ; the more, As we provisions lack, for all our store Is clone, as well you know. The siege was long, And we resisted valiantly and strong. Your king's command already is obeyed, Our arms are in: such has not been delayed. Now that our arms nre down, we sue for peace, And pray that war for evermore may cease. First Oficer. 'Tis well. Your hostages of war now get.
Second OOicer. 'These sons of mine, on whom omy love is set, I offer. Both are staunch and true, and they I lave but to hear my word, and quick obey. First O,'icer. They will suffice. Sccond (Cicer. Then, sons, prepare to go. Flinch not, hut all your loyal valour show. You go as tribute to a conqulering king. (B3oys coz'er/'fces ,'il/ haInds, as a 'ee'ing .) Not tears, but joyful paons you should sing. Boys (c.) [together]. Father, farewell. Second Officer. No tears; it is not meet. First Officer. The bravest soldier sometimes shares defeat. Secnd Oficer. Take these. To honour, boys, hence you must cling. First O.7icer. Follow me, lads ; we go before the king. [F irs' OvvrlcLe ,,,es n" ti, ./ll/ned b, Two Boys. SlroNx) OoF1icEIR goes [f L.