A LITTLE GAME. BY CAPTAIN FELIX.
M R. JABEZ CLICKER sat in his comfortable offices, Rampart Row, Bombay, meditating deeply on men and things. It was the middle of the hot season, so Mr. Clicker had flung off his coat, opened his waistcoat, removed his shirt-collar and cumbrous neck-tie, and sat under the plunka I, tilting himself gently to and fro in an American rocking-chair, while he smoked a Manilla cheroot and sipped at some iced brandy and soda-water. There was but little furniture in the large and lofty room : an office table of considerable dimensions, in front of which Mr. Clicker was sitting, littered with papers and writing materials; a smaller table between the two large open and green-shaded windows, holding a few mercantile books of reference; two or three chairs scattered here and there, and a wash- ing-stand in one corner, completed the equip- ment. A side-door led into a sort of passage common to other offices in the same build- ing; while one behind the large table opened into a smaller room, where a couple of lazy Portuguese clerks were droning over the correspondence the previous day's English mail had brought for their master. It was getting on towards mid-day-about the most quiet hour of the twenty-four in the tropics -and not a sound was to be heard save the sleep-producing groaning of the heavy pun- kaks, swinging to and fro, as they were slowly pulled by natives stationed in the passage. Mr. Jabez Clicker's offices seemed, .nR
beyond doubt, to be this day the very tern- pile of Morpheus. But Mr. Clicker was not by any means asleep; quite the contrary-he was rather more wide-awake than usual, and that was saying a great deal. As I have said above he was meditating profoundly on men and things-the men being, like him- self, merchants or commission agents-the things being cotton, and all that appertained to that valuable product. And Mr. Clicker's reason for meditating on these twin subjects so profoundly, was because it was the year 1864, when the American War was raging; when King Cotton had it all his own way from Bombay to Nagpoor, and in many other places besides ; when fortunes in the staple were won and lost in the course of a few hours ; when the wisest lost their heads, the young and the foolish their honesty and virtue as well, in the fever of speculation; and because the English mail of the previous. evening had brought the news that Liverpool and Manchester were hungering and thirst- ing for cotton, and that prices might be ex- pected to rise. The question was how high they would rise, i. e. how far it would be safe to buy at present Bombay rates in the chance of the home market still going up. But Bombay rates were fluctuating fearfully every half-hour, and for the ordinary dealer -or speculator rather, for in those days every man was a victim to wild commercial gambling-it was almost even chances whether he won or lost. Men, certainly, tried to manipulate those chances, but they burned their fingers even more often than
.did the plain sailors-and of all these things was Mr. Jabez Clicker profoundly taking stock, while apparently waiting for someone behind his time. As the mid-day gun-fire came booming in at thewindows, the merchant started up, passed his jewelled but knotty hand over his lanky, yellow chops as if to force them to a decision, paused a moment and then roared out with a discordant voice :- "De Souza ! " The lazy Portuguese started up from the doze they were enjoying, and while Pinto began to scribble away (at nothing) like wild- fire, the dusky De Souza drew aside the heavy curtain separating the two rooms, and entered the presence of his master. "Just step down to the railway-station at Boree Bunder, will you, and see if you can find a coolie looking for me? I'm expecting some game, and the stupid fellow ought to have been here half-an-hour ago-and-hem -yes-you had better bring it here and we'll send a jcon with it to Malabar Hill. Take a buhgie to save time." The clerk got his hat and went off to the station, and returned before very long with three brace of Indian partridges very care- fully tied up. "Why what in the world is all this tying for? The birds will be spoilt! Well, leave them there; I'll arrange them and hand them to a cfe when I am going out." De Souza withdrew to resume his slumbers, and Mr. Jabez Clicker with his penknife cautiously cut away the multitudinous bandages round the partridges. That done, he took them up one by one, felt the craw of each, and selecting the fourth or fifth bird ripped its throat up with his knife, when a tiny roll of paper fell out. Mr. Clicker read its pencilled words eagerly; a smile of absolute triumph passed over his face as he mastered its contents, tore it into atoms, and flung the minute particles out of the window; then he did up the game again in more sportsmanlike style than that in which they had arrived; dressed himself carefully; and with a remark that he would "not be back until about three o'clock," shouted into the clerks' room as he went by, he left his office, and took his way through the tortuous streets of the fort-having first sent the game off to his home in Malabar Hill by a porter. It is quite impossible to move through the Fort-the mercantile quarter-of Bombay without meeting immense numbers of busi- ness men. The place is so confined and narrow; the offices, godnous, stores, and shops are so piled up on top of one another, so to speak, for want of room; the people
are in such an everlasting state of " scrooge ;" and finally so many people are looking in the streets for so many other people, that news is disseminated through it quicker, per- haps, than any other business city in the world. Mr. Clicker spoke to nearly every- one he met, and nearly everyone he met spoke to him--of cotton, all of cotton. Mr. Clicker told everyone it would go rapidly down, after the excitement of yesterday's news from London had subsided. Everyone did not believe Mr. Clicker, but a good many did; for he had a most impressive air about him, and looked as if he thoroughly believed in what he said himself-if no one else did. From half-past twelve, until close on half-past one, did Mr. Clicker perambulate the high- ways and byeways of the Fort, always with the same story-cotton was sure to fall after the afternoon's market, held about two o' clock ; he was going to sell, and he would advise his friends to do the same. At half- past one punctually, MIr. Clicker called on a certain Kissin Doss, a broker, to give his in- structions. He called on two or three brokers, and to everyone he gave the same orders. Then he had a slight luncheon, and a single glass of sherry; for Mr. Clicker never indulged in heavy tiffins that are apt to clog the brain-he was far too wide awake for that; and about a quarter past two, he appeared amongst the ominiiumga/itherCu of natives and Europeans, with a fair sprinkling of Americans, bright, cheerful, happy, " for," he said, "I have made up my mind to sell out all the stuff I hold, and wait for my next 'spec' until Liverpool and Manchester are quieter, and really say what they are going to do." "'Jove, I think you're too late already, my friend," said a desponding young fellow, who looked at every question through the amber fluid known as brandy and soda; " they tell me the brokers are beginning to sell out already !" " I shall hold over till the telegrams come in from the fellows on the spot. What the meeting of growers this morning at Nagpoor and Omrawuttee decide to charge, will rule all markets," said another. " But they have wired, have they not ?" asked Clicker, looking very anxious. " Of course they have, long ago," answered the desponding man: "'don't you hear already the quotations, fallen ones too, those fellows are yelling out ? Come and have a liquor-up ? " But Clicker and the others declined; the market was going down beyond all doubt; and the former rushed off and sold out at once the cotton he held. A
general panic seemed to have set in, no one could tell why, and no one could tell how. Some declared the producers' meeting in the districts had determined to take the lowest possible prices, flood Liverpool in consequence with their Indian cotton, and thus prevent the great manufacturing English cities looking elsewhere when they could get such an easy supply from Bombay; others avowed that not one telegram had been received from Berar or Nagpoor, and the fall was a mere foolish panic; while it was more than hinted, that the reason no news had arrived, was because the telegraph had again broken down, as it was always doing-and be hanged to it ! By a quarter to three every holder was in the lowest state of de- spondency, and a general gloom and de- pression set in. Mr. Clicker hated gloom and depression, besides he had sold early and tolerably well, so he retired to his office in Rampart Row, bullied his lazy clerks a little, signed a few letters, made a brief calculation or two in pencil, and then drove home to Malabar Hill, where he was expecting company to dinner, perfectly satisfied with his day's work. By eight o'clock his guests had assembled, bringing with them the astounding news that the planters at Omrawuttee, and other prin- cipal cotton capitals, had sent telegrams, only delivered after the close of the market, to tHe effect that they had enormously raised their price ! " Good heavens !" cried one man, " what splendid fortunes those fellows will have made who bought in to-day!" He was right, and one of the " enormous fortunes" fell to the lot of Mr. Jabez Clicker, who somehow had divined events, and, by his broker, bought in every rupee's worth he could lay his hands on. What he had sold, pleasantly to deceive his friends, as mer- chants will do, was but as a drop in the ocean of what he had bought. II. J T'S no use, John, I must have a 'peg;' my head is so bad I hardly know what I'm about-it's buzzing like a cotton- gin! " " The more ' pegs' you have, Seagrave, the worse it will get. You'll kill yourself if you go on dissipating like this-day and night knocking about and drinking-and at your age too ! why you're hardly as old as I am, and that's barely seventeen. Have the soda if/wthout the brandy?" The last speaker, John Burton, was a
steady-going fellow enough, and stuck to his work in the Telegraph Office, Bombay, where both were employed, with a sobriety, judgment, and skill that promised sure promotion. His comrade with the sick- headache, and geneial dilapidated ap- pearance of the eyes, nose, and mouth, bore the stamp of youthful vice on his countenance as plainly as if it were printed in black and white letters; yet he was so very clever at his work, so unusually sharp with the instruments, and besides so thoroughly understood the " engineering" of the line (a rare accomplishment in a clerk at those times), that his employers were willing to overlook a great deal of fault, in the hope that one day Nicholas Seagrave would sober down into a most useful emplioye. Another thing, he was an excellent shot and keen sportsman ; the manager had a most decided penchant for game, and he would put up with a good deal, knowing he had plod- ding John Burton to fall back upon, as long as Nick Seagrave kept his table supplied during his frequent visits to the jungle for sporting purposes. "Fancy soda water plain! I'd as soon eat my dinner without salt-but, ugh! the idea of dinner! it'd make a cat sick. Con- found those fellows at Poona ! here's a chap rattling away at me like mad "-the needles of the instrument in front of " shaky " clerk were click-clicking at a great rate-" receive the message for me, will you, like a good fellow, Burton ? my hand's so unsteady." Good-hearted John Burton pitied his comrade from his heart, though not at all condoning his excesses, so he willingly took the place of the latter, who at once slipped out of the office to get his "peg" at the nearest hotel. It had the effect, for the time, of steadying the youth's nerves and enabling him to wonder, somewhat more clearly than he had been able to do before, why his poor old mother had not written to. him by the last mail, i.e., the mail before the one alluded to in my former chapter, which had arrived the previous day. He began to think that the letter might be lying at the Post-office, as was not unfrequently the case, so he determined to have it searched for. In fact he had the most weighty of all reasons for the letter not going amissing-he expected it to contain a cheque for at least 207., a sum that he mZust have within the next two days, or he would be locked up in Mazagon gaol for debt. The letter not being delivered in the usual course, had been one cause of his last night's excess-a very strange way, you will allow, of showing his disappointment. He found the letter at the Post-office-it had
been rather hazily directed; but he was too nervous to open it at once, and waited for that purpose until he had regained the com- parative quiet of the office. The room occupied by John Burton and Nick Seagrave alone, the other clerks being in various parts of the temporary offices- was the best, being very large and lofty, and lighted by four big windows. In some respects its size was a great advantage on ac- count of the consequent coolness, but in others it was a trouble to the occupants, because the two instruments were placed at different ends of the room, owing to the position of the outside wires, and when the punkah was going, they could not hear one another's remarks plainly without almost shouting. At one side of either instrument was the usual ground-glass sort of pew to ensure the privacy of customers sending or receiving messages, and the door leading into the hall was between these two conveniences. John Burton was very busy sending off a long despatch, when Nick slipped in and sat down in front of his own instrument at the other end of the office, and the former did not hear his colleague enter. He was speedily roused, however, from his work by a loud exclamation followed by a crash ! Nick had flung an English letter from him in a rage, and in doing so had knocked to the ground a water-cooler standing on the desk. Burton ran over : "What on earth's the matter ?" he asked. "Matter !" answered the other, with a horrid sort of despairing laugh, "utter ruin is the matter ! Mazagon gaol the day after to-morrow -the last day Byramjee would give me- that's the matter ! " " Pooh, nonsense !" said the other, "you're under age. He can't lock you up." "I know I am under age-so much the worse, for I made a declaration that I was, what I look, over twenty-one; and he can have me in a criminal, if I don't allow a civil charge." " But what's it all about ?" "Why I borrowed 200 rs. ; I should have had a cheque from my mother for the money, and instead of that she sends me a sermon and a lot of senseless twaddle about my eating her out of house and home." "But perhaps your mother hasn't got the money-she's very poor, isn't she ? " "I knew she hadn't it herself, but she might have borrowed it; and-" "Oh, Nick! surely you wouldn't ask her?" "Yes, I would. Isn't she my mother? Can you lend it me, John ? " For reply, Burton showed him a receipt
for i I5, sent by the outward mail to his old father at home, telling the excited Seagrave that, until their next pay-day, he had only 10 rs. to go on with. Nick Seagrave only groaned hopelessly, and laid his hot head on his desk. His, comrade could do nothing but beg of him to be calm, and then John passed along again to his own desk, where the needles were clicking madly to know why he did not continue the despatch, to resume work. The sharp rat-tat-rat-tat of his instru- ment, with the horrible groaning of the punka/h, and the noise from the streets, were the only sounds-and loud enough they were -that he could hear, and he was not aware, for a quarter of an hour or so, that anyone had entered the office until he had finished his job, and looked round to see how Nick was getting on. The latter was leaning into the ground glass partition as if in earnest confabulation with someone whom Burton could not see; not, indeed, that he wished to, for, as well as the noise would allow, he could hear the words "cotton," " rupees," "debts," "jungle-shooting," and so forth; so he put down Nick's visitor either as a "dun," or an ordinary customer, and thought no more of the matter. Presently the answer to his own despatch began to come back. He was just in the middle of it, when a customer entered and came up to his partition wanting to send a message off directly. John had to call another clerk, and, while passing along to do so, noticed the great pallor of Nick Seagrave's face as the latter looked up. He also had a good look at the person with whom Nick was conversing, recognising him as a constant customer, but, in the throng of faces swarming into the office every day, of course it was impossible to remember the name of everyone. That afternoon, Nick Seagrave informed Burton that he was going on leave, that a friend in the Fort had lent him the money to pay Byramjee, and that he hoped the change to Goa, where he was about to pay a visit, would both improve his health and his morals. Burton hoped so too, and wished him good- bye warmly, but he could not help wondering at the unusual pallor of his comrade's face. III. T HE smallest possible sporting tent, pitched under a thick tope of trees, well protected from observation from most points of view, and bearing no appearance of having stood long in its present position. A strange circumstance about this tent is, that, instead of being cool, snowy-white, it has been dyed a sort of dull green, so that any
but a very observant man might easily pass within a few hundred yards of it and never be aware of its existence. The trees form a sort of oasis in a dense jungle, now silent as the grave, except when the dismal yelping of a passing pack of jackals away on the plains is borne down on the fitful night-breeze; or the melancholy and inexpressibly revolting howl of a lonely hyana breaks for a few brief moments the awful stillness of the jungle. The night wears gradually away; the dark- ness becomes less visible; the lovely pearl- grey tints of an Eastern dawn slowly work into being; then they are fringed with a rosy tinge as of a light coming up from below; the day breaks, and animated nature be- comes once more restored to consciousness. Around the little green tent can now be dis- cerned the sleeping forms of three or four villagers; wrapped in long white clothes from head to foot, they look like dead bodies pre- pared for the grave. Presently there is a movement inside as if someone was stretching his arms while he yawned, and a voice is heard calling out to the men to rise. But they are too sound asleep for that, so a slit in the tent is opened, and out walks Nick Seagrave, unkempt and unwashed, who proceeds to shake the vil- lagers-for the sleeping men are nothing more-until he has them all sitting up wide- awake. The handiest of them proceeds to light a fire, some water is found in a stream at hand and set on to boil in a tiny pannikin; at the same nullala Seagrave has a refreshing wash, and then he sits down to smoke an early pipe while waiting for his tea-amus- ing himself the while by seeing that his gun, ammunition, etc. are all in order for work. While thus occupied he meditates a little on his position, and I may say at once that his meditations do not appear to beat all agreeable. In the first place, he is not within many a hundred miles of Goa, where he told John Burton he was going; in fact, he is in a directly opposite direction-in the jungles between Nassick and Bhosawul. Why he is there is best known to himself, though no doubt we shall see by-and-by. In the second place, he is beginning to fear-an indefinable fear, such as that which sooner or later is sure to visit every reprobate; and in the third, he sees no possible way out of his present course, and therefore he deter- mines to pursue it. It is only a morning thought of weakness that he should, even for a second, meditate turning back; there is a glorious prize, a splendid future of wealth and power before him, and he is not (now that he has had a cup of tea, laced with brandy) the one to turn away from it. There
is just a possible shade of black doubt hang- ing over the gorgeous picture-but, pooh! fling it to the winds, and vive la bagatele ! Bidding three of the villagers-they are evidently neither shikarhees nor coolies- remain with the tent and prepare his break- fast, he starts with the other two, carrying in turns a square box of some weight, which they regard with the most fearful reverence, through the thickest part of the jungle until after some time he comes out on patches of cultivated land. Bidding the men remain where they are with the mysterious box- they consider it to be a sort of potent and portable god-Nick Seagrave cocks his gun, wanders up and down amidst the corn- patches, and before very long puts up here and there a fine hare come down to feed. He is a skilled sportsman, and in a very short time bags three, which are quite enough for his purpose. Then he returns to his villagers, and they move cautiously, and always under cover, into the jungle once more, at right angles to his camp. Presently there is a break in it-an evident long arti- ficial cutting-which on nearer view turns out to be a railway with a line of telegraph- posts. The men are glad; they know the sahib is a hEr-wullah, or telegraph-man, and that his god in the box will be grateful to them for being carried to join his friends the wires. Nick Seagrave pulls out his watch and looks at it ; then, with an air of one who would make sure, he takes out a little almanack carefully ticked off--it is the dlay after that on which the English mail is due in Bombay : "The day, the hour almost-I'd better set to work at once. Those chaps in the dis- tricts meet early, and it's best to be on the safe side," he mutters to himself. Then he hands his gun to one of the villagers, places the box in some dense scrub from the centre of which one of the telegraph posts rises, bids the men squat down, and opens his god- box, as the former shudderingly regard it. He pulls about trifles, sets a spring here, moves a jar there; then he places a long, fine wire and a nondescript sort of tool in his pocket, twisted the one round the other, and scrambles up the post. A moment suffices for him to cut the post wire, connect his own, and slip down again. He then places the box between his knees, and sits patiently waiting and watching a small dial, and acting in every way as if he was in his own instru- ment room in Bombay. At first nothing comes; then there are one or two unimpor- tant messages which he passes on. But pre- sently his eyes sparkle; he has got some- thing of consequence, which he carefully
notes down; he sticks his wire in the ground for old Mother Earth to receive all signals for hours to come, and rising, beckons solemnly to the men (it is necessary for them to believe that this is all some dreadful super- natural work), and all walk silently, and at a tremendous pace, towards the little green tent. Nick Seagrave retires with a brace of the hares inside, but comes out again in a few moments with them neatly tied together and labelled, and hands them to the youngest and swiftest villager, who, with loins girded
. I I II I ý i i t I II I- I " ' s " ý ; II '''It I 3S.
do absolutely nothing but pace up and down under the trees, until he is nearly mad with heat, or lie in the tent tossing and turning until he is worse. He drinks heavily of the brandy, of which he seems to have an im- mense supply for so young a man, or boy rather, and he occasionally gives a little to the villagers, who lay aside all religious scruples for the nonce, as they exultingly toss down the fiery stuff. About two o'clock he can restrain his impatience no longer, and starts again for where his god-box lies, pass- ing idle signals into the bosom of Mother Earth, accompanied by two men. No North American Indian on the war-path could tread the intervening distance with such care as did Nick Seagrave and the villagers, who had been told that caution was necessary lest the god should be awake and angry. Every bush was examined in advance, every bit of
and stick in hand, has been waiting to receive them. With directions to run as hard as ever he can to the nearest railway station, about three miles off, to catch the train for Bombay, Nick Seagrave starts the fellow off and turns round to wipe the unnatural per- spiration which is streaming down his own face. A strong dose of i-rc' brandy, twice repeated, appears to be necessary to steady his nerves after the apparently harmless work of the morning, and then he is able to digest some breakfast, which one of the villagers has prepared. The whole long morning he can
scrub approached with the caution of the panther, but all was just as it had been left in the morning, and, with a heart beating tolerably calmly again, Nick Seagrave con- nected the proper wires in the post again, put up his box and implements. and made the best of his way back with the full intention of striking his camp immediately. His work was done. He was glad of it. He had earned his reward-and a right royal one it was to be-some days within a month; and now all that was left for him to do, was to make his way by night until he came to a railway station where he was not known, take the train (a night one, he thought he would prefer) into Bombay-and then- " Hullo, Mr. Seagrave! Good morning, sir. Why, who would have thought of finding you here ?" It was a tall, firmly knit Eng- lishman who gave him this g-eeting, coming
out, with a gun in his hand, from behind a clump of scrub close to the little green tent. Nick's heart sank into his boots. Who could this be ? And had he seen anything ? But the man's manner-he was evidently not a gentleman-denoted nothing unusual, so Sea- grave plucked up heart to say,- "I have not the pleasure of knowing you, sir; may I ask who it is ?" "Certainly-Smith, yes Smith-shooting, you see - shooting. And you the same? combining business," here he nodded at the box, "with pleasure ? Testing the wires, eh ?" " Well, yes, a turn of outdoor duty every now and then does us all good. But I have to shift my quarters further down, and must bid you good-bye. Good-bye." "Oh! don't mention it-mention it. I'll just step up to your camp. Capital tent, capital." Seagrave saw he could not shake the fellow off, so, making a virtue of necessity, he walked doggedly up to the tent and opened it to enter. To his horror a second Englishman was inside carefully examining the contents, but more especially the few papers there were there. "Hullo !" said the first man, " hullo ! my old mate, Jem ! Well now, this is a coincidence - a regular coincidence I call it - three old friends meeting in the jungle, and none knowing anything of the others." The second man stepped coolly out and stared hard at Seagrave, who was now deadly white and trembling like an aspen leaf. " I don't know you-neither of you- what do you mean by entering my tent?" " Well, youngster, I'll just tell you; your game's blown ! If you hadn't told John Burton you were going to Goa, no one would ever have dreamed of looking after you." " Looking after me ? what for?" " Oh, stop that gammon ! we're two of the English detectives in Bombay-there-the murder's out." " Be gentle, be gentle with the boy, Jem; let him down easy, and tell your story proper." " Well, then, let him sit down-he looks faint enough--and listen without pretending he don't know nothing." Seagrave slipped down on the soft jungle grass the picture of misery-the awful misery of detection in a first crime. Then the man went on: " Well you see just a mail before this last there was a terrible row with the telegraph folk. The merchants said the cotton market had been cooked by the suppression of tele-
grams, and threatened to bust up the Com- pany. The Company they says they know nothing about it. ' How's that?' says the merchants, 'here's the despatch from the growers' meeting at Omrawuttee, on the morning of our market, with their prices, was kep' back till we wos all half ruined, and yet,' says they, 'someone must have had a despatch, for he, which his name's Jabez Clicker. 'beared' the market, and all the time,' says they, ' he was buying in like mad through the brokers,' says they. The Company says it's curious-which it was--they couldn't make it out nohow, for their communication was stopped, so how could Clicker have a message? Then the most of the merchants got angry and called us in. Down we goes to the office. 'Who's away?' says we (for my mate here, he'd seen this trick done in England before, and guessed pretty well what it was). 'Seagrave's away,' says they, and Jones, and Tirrell, and one or two more. Well they could all be accounted for in Bombay but you. John Burton (he sus- pected it, bless you, but he's a true-hearted fellow, and wouldn't let on till we made him) confessed you said you were off to Goa. Now we know'd you couldn't leave for Goa without the harbour-police knowing it ; they didn't know it, so we soon picked up your trail, and here we are. Bless you, we've watched you this week past, but we didn't want to nab you until-" "I know, you wanted to catch Clicker," broke in Seagrave, now utterly reckless; " it was he tempted me to do this. I hope you have caught him." "No doubt he's nabbed in Bombay by this time. Your fellow with the hare, and the message, neatly done up inside its throat, with this morning's Omrawuttee prices, was followed from the moment he left this, till he got to Clicker's office, and there they'd nab the old bird at once. Now we'll just strike this pretty little green tent of yours, pack up box, dice, and everything, and just walk coolly down to the next station to get the train for Bombay. But before we start just -ah ! would you ? "-Seagrave had tried to grasp his gun, but in a second he was hand- cuffed and lying powerless on the ground. In a few brief hours the miserable young criminal was in Bombay, locked up, with Jabez Clicker in the next cell, on a charge of cutting the telegraph wires and intercepting valuable mercantile messages (which he sewed up in pretended presents of game) which his worthless employer made use of for his own purposes. They had determined that this second attempt should be the last, but as we have seen they were detected
before they could complete their purpose. They were tried before the next high court : there was absolutely no defence to the case, and Jabez Clicker was sentenced to five
years' penal servitude, while his wretched young accomplice was adjudged two years, on account of his youth.