AMUSIX G. ANSWER-S TO 1IDDLES IN JANUARY N (pa--e 13.) ANsweRS TO IDDLEIS IN JANUARY NO. (page 13.)
1. What do the letters Y E S spell ? 2. Each corps in the army has its colonel, and every core in the apple has its kernel. 3. The lady is followed by a train, and surrounded by sparks'; also, she transports the males. 4. My mother. 5. Mado (Maid) of Orleans. 6. When it is on one side only, and that her own. ANSWER TO DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Katherine and Petruchio-1. KetchuP. 2. ALE. 3. TermaganT. 4. HumouR. 5. AdieU. 6. RustiC. 7. IncH. 8. Nimini-piminl. 9. EldoradO. ANSWER TO ENIGMA. I am above making mischief, and honourable, RIDDLES. 1. At the North Pole, if a man wished for an animal, what would it be ? 2. -low many wives may a man marry, and what their status ? 3. What man can sleep in his watch ? 4. If your clothes were stolen, where should you go for more ? 5. What species of dogs come when it rains "cats and dogs ?" 6. How can every person become four-handed ? CHARADE. 1. Through my first should ever flow Sounds of joy, or sounds of woe; In my second, freshly made, Thousands year by year are laid; In my whole we never jest- Prayers are offered, vows exprest. 2. My first creates my second, And calls himself my whole. 3. My first is smart, though made by stupid men; My second's vulgar, and no man I ken; My whole is ginger, pepper, and cayenne. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A great man in the world of literature, born centuries since, and one of the cities lie dwelt in. What many are, and all ought to be ; One of the heathen goddesses ; A celebrated place for invalids; One condition of life in some animals; One of the American states; The chief town of an English county. H. M. " QUIPS AND CRANKS AND MERRY TWILES." Old Mris. Darnley is a pattern of household economy. She says she made a pair of socks last her fifteen years, by only knitting new feet to them every winter, and new legs to them every other winter. A young lady being asked whether she would wear a wig when her hair turned grey, replied, with the greatest earnestness, " Oh, no ! 'll rdye first !" A gcntlcmanm being asked, " What was the price of ducks ?" confessed that he could not tell, for he had been out that very day with his wife, and she had purchased
no less than three ducks. First, there was " a duck" of a dress; secondly, "a duck " of a parasol; and thirdly, "a duck " of a bonnet. When Cobbett kept a stationer's shop at Philadelphia, and was writing under the name of " Peter Porcupine," a young sub went to buy some quills, and thinking to pass a joke upon Peter, asked him if they were not Porcupine's quills. Upon which Cobbett, taking up the redcoat's money, drily replied, making at the same time a very profound bow, " Oh no, sir, they are a goose's !" " Faix !" said a humorous Irishman the other day, in the petroleum diggings, "ye may call Amerikey a con- tinent if ye plaze, but to my thinking it's a beautiful oil- land (island)." The first sign of a man growing old is when he is asked "to stand godfather." The first sign of a woman growing old is when she gives up the habit of writing long letters. A youth of nine or ten summers who attends the Sabbath-school, and is one of those "infants terrible," was asked by his teacher, not very long since, what the philacteries of the Pharisees were. "Broad helus, such as the ladies wear upon their dresses," was the reply. " But the Pharisees didn't wear them for the same reason that ladies do, did they ?" "Oh, yes," was the ticked answer, "to be seen of men." Sir Isaac Newton's nephew was a clergyman. When he had performed the marriage ceremony for a couple, he always refused the fee, saying :-" Go your ways, poor wretches, I have done you mischief enough already." Thackeray, when speaking about fame, would fre- quently tell the following anecdote:-When at dinner in St. Louis one day, he heard one waiter say to another, " Do you know who that is?" "No," was the answer. "That is the celebrated Mr. Thackeray." " What's he done ?" "Blessed if I know," was the reply. A similar remark about Shakespeare was heard more than once at the festival held at the Crystal Palace in honour of the poet's birth.