ADOUBLE AROSITICG. DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
' SEE, by my feet three golden apples lie- And thou shalt see thy well-girt swift-foot maid By sight of these amid her glory stayed. For, bearing these within a scrip with thee, When first she heads thee from the starting-place Cast down the first one for her eyes to see, And when she turns aside make on apace, And if again she heads thee in the race Spate not the other two' to .cait aside If she not long enough behind will bide." I. " Passive they stand, Unmov'd, an humble, an obsequious crowd, As if by the stern goddess gaz'd to stones." II. ' 0 swear not by the moon, That monthly changes in her circled orb, Lest that thy love prove likewise variable." III. " Arise, 0 Petrarch, from th' Elysian bowers, With never-failing myrtles twin'd, And fragrant with ambrosial flowers, Where, to thy loved one thou again art join'd."
IV. " Of these am I, who thy protection claim, A watchful sprite, this is my lightsome name." V. " The dame of doubt and dread, Coming from the Fitful Head, fMighty in her own despite, Miserable in her might, In despair and frenzy great, In her greatness desolate." VI. "We curse not wine; the vile excess we blame, More fruitful than th' accumulated board Of pain and misery." VII. " His broad-brirnm'd hat Hangs on this, most quaintly, To make him look more saintly." VIII. " And many a row Of starry lamps, and burning cressets fed With this and asphaltus, yielded light As from a sky." K. G. RIDDLES. 1. Why were the Roman Catholics ten years since better off than the Presbyterians ? 2. Which is the most indegestible meal ? 3. What is most like a horse's shoe ? 4. Of what trade is the sun ? 5. If a city is pulled down, why will it be higher than before ? 6. Why is a race-horse like a waiter at an hotel ? THE PALINDROME Is a verse or sentence which is the same read backwards as forwards. For instance, the following, put into the mouth of Napoleon the First- "Able was I ere I saw elbA." One of the very best appeared last year in the pages of the Globe newspaper. 1. Of a noted giant I am the name; and backwards and forwards I'm just the same. 2. Of all uniformity I am the name; and backwards and forwards I'm just the same. 8. Of the light of the countenance I am the name; and backward and forwards I'm just the same. 4. Of the sun's mid journey I am the name; and backwards and forwards I am the same. 5. Of the mother of mankind I am the name; and backwards and forwards I am the same. 6. Of a fair young Mary I am the name; and back- wards and forwards I'm just the same. 7. Of what compels silence I am the name; and back- wards and forwards I'm just the same. These initials combine, you will find they frame Of a son of Britain the noble name; A peer and statesman of fairest fame; And backwards and forwards 'tis still the sam-. ANSWEIRS TO RIDDLES IN JANUARY NUMBER. 1. M-usic. 2. In love the attachment precedes the declaration- in law the declaration precedes the attachment. 3. Satisfaction. 4. By the mothers who bore them. 5: in his reign a Queen's head was worthless. 6. Faint heart never caught either. ANSWER TO DOUBLE ACROSTIC IN JANUARY NUMBER. Leaves-Kitten. 1. Leak. 2. Eli. 3. Alchemist. 4. Violet. 5. Eagle. 6. Suspicion.