AMUSING. -o- DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
" My love the Orient first resembles With gentle lustre, dazzling less Than the living blaze that trembles In the diamond's valued stone. My love is like the second, blowing In every season, fresh and fair, While brighter flowers are only glowing When summer's radiant smiles are given; Yet with no lovelier hues that streak That modest flower on Meta's cheek: Grateful for every glance of heaven- The dew, the shower, the common air." I. " There was no colour, gay or light, To lure and fix my wandering sight, But darkened shades of myrtle green, Parted with sombre black between: Satin or velvet-truly both Are harsh beside that woollen cloth." II. "And here the negro, panting at the line, Boasts of his golden sands and palmy wine, Basks in the glare or stems the tepid wave, And thanks his gods for all the good they gave." III. The centre of every Fair. IV. " But some great souls, touched with warmth divine, Give gold a price and teach its beams to shine; All hoarded treasures they repute a load, Nor think their wealth their own till well bestowed.', V. " Down from his horse did Marmion spring, Soon as he saw this Lion-King ; For well the stately baron knew To him such courtesy was due Whom royal James himself had crowned." K. G. -0- KEY TO BURIED CONTINENT AND CITIES IN JULY NUMBER. Third Tour.-As I am (Asia-Siam) at home again, I will tell you of our journey. It is a dreadful country to travel in; the roads are as bad as the well-known Via Mala y-et not so picturesque. As for food we were famished-one day only a bit of cheese could be ob- tained, and so hungry was I that even the r-Ind I a-te (India). In one ot these mountainous cities the people, who are very whimsi-Cal cut ta-ils off their parrots to deck their hats. They are a set of Mad ras-cals, with dark pr-Oud e-yes, and Go-a-head ways. As for the custom-house officers, they Nag poor travellers out of all their good temper, and think they are in Luck nowo that the railway brings all the world into their clutches. Thence we entered another town which like Frank- Fort tWill I alm (Fort William) sure soon surrender, for we saw more than one Bomb ay-e, several, explode whilst we were there. The laws hele are strange. Only a priest Can dy-e his hair; in anyone else it is A gra-ve offence. (Towns buried-Asia, Siam, Malay, India, Calcutta, Madras, Oude, Goa, Na1qpoor, Lucknow, Fort IWilliam, Bombay, Candy, and Agra.)
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES IN JULY NUMBER. 1. Because everyone longed for a piece (peace). 2. None, because they are all carried. 3. When she takes aflq that brings her to the bank. 4. Because it separates the Hungary man from the Turkey. 5. When he is mustered. 6. You may get a deal bored by it. POST OIrIICms Boys' EXAMINATION. - The simplest scheme of examination is that fixed for the Post Office boys, which consists of twenty fac-simile copies of addressed envelopes in every variety of handwriting, and ten short compound addition sums. The addresses are lithographed on a sheet having double columns, the right-hand column being blank, in which the boy is to insert his own interpretation of the address given. In making copies of these postal addresses some most ludi- crous mistakes are committed. Cornelius Town is made to do duty for " Camden Town," and To S. Joe S. for " 70 St. Jno. Str." One boy gives Mr. Chester Esq. as his most able translation of " Manchester Sq." Some of the boys that thus stumble and blunder in their en- deavours to read mixed handwritings, exhibit consider- able sharpness in reference to arithmetic, triumphantly handing in their paper of sums in much less than the prescribed fifteen minutes. Others, however, who suc- ceed in correctly deciphering all the addresses com- pletely fail in their attempts as arithmeticians. A few seem to be enshrouded in hopeless obscurity-beginning their addition from right to left-adding up the three columns of pounds, shillings, and pence thus:- £95 22s. 18½d.-and occasionally declining the terrible task altogether. In such cases the boys are required to write their refusals on the margins of their papers; the said refusals being put, in two instances, in the follow- ing forms respectively:--' cant not duam." "i don't No how to doe These summs."-Leisure Hour. UNSUCCESSFUL CANDIDATES.-After a recent exami- nation of female teachers in Ohio, some of the unsuc- cessful candidates complained that injustice had been done them, whereupon the examiners were so cruel as to publish extracts from the papers written by the re- jected applicants. The following are a few specimens of the answers :-" The food is first masticated and then passes through the phalanx"; " Respiration is the sweating of the body "; " The chest is formed of two bones, the sternum and spinal cord "; "Emphasis is placing more distress on some words." One candidate says that Virginia obtained its name from the Virgin Mary," another that " it was so named by Queen Vic- toria calling it a Virgin State."-Boston (U.S.) Adver- tiser. SAYs the Times notice of the flowers at the Crystal Palace :-" The specimens of sarracenia drummondialia, of the imantophyllum miniatum, of the cyanophyllum magnificum, of the sarracenia drummondlfluva, and of the sphierogyne latifolia call for distinct notice." And they shall not call in vain, and the distinct notice Punch gives them is that they are sesquipedalian kusses. We shall have the really lovely ilowers, the Fairies of the Old Creation, crying out for new titles next. Who remembers-or rather who forgets-Barry Cornwall's Weavers' song, "'Tis better to sing than grieve "?- "Come, show us the rose with its hundred dyes, The lily without a blot, The violet, deep as your true-love's eyes, And the little forget-me-not." Are we to have this rewritten in the following fashion ? - " The rosa deschenhaultiana, come, show us; The lilium sepalisalbis, white. With the viola ranunculifolia endow us, And the wee myosotis palustris hight."-Pa,.nch.