AXMUSIXG. -0- DOUTTBLE ACROSTTC.
N" Now gently tolls the knell of parting day, The lowing herd winds slowly o'er the lea; The ploughman homeward plods his weary way, And leaves the world to darkness and to me; And fades the glimmering landscape on the sight, While all the air a solemn stillness holds, Save where the beetle wheels his droning flight, And drowsy tinklings lull the distant folds." I. " To the giddy edge hurried their Leader they draw- See ! burst are his bonds with a hurrying hand ! Hark again to that cry ! was it land that they saw ? ' Land ! ' shouted and thundered they-' Land ! ' A new world ! scarce believed, tho' beheld by them all Foreseen but by one gifted eye; At the feet of their saint-like Commander they fall, And adore him as sent from on high." II. A vowel repeated. III. " Oh teach me in the trying hour, When anguish swells the dewy tear, To still my sorrows, own Thy power, Thy goodness love, Thy justice fear." IT. " Peri and Pixy, and quaint Puck the antic, Brought Robin Goodfcellow, that merry swain; And stealthy Mab, queen of old realms romantic, Came, too, from distance in her tiny wain, Fresh dripping from a cloud." v. " And this soon met his wond'ring sight, The structure filled him with delight; He entered now, and heard within The crowded mart a buzzing din: A sound confused-the serenade Of ardent gain and busy trade." VI. " When none yielded, her unruly page With his rude claws this quickly open rent, And let her in." K. G. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES IN SEPTEMIBER N MIBER. 1. Because they are seldom engaged. 2. Both are full of hops. 3. Plague-Ague. 4. They are matchless. 5. The fir tree can become a deal bored, and a riddle often makes one a deal bored. 6. 12.50; because it is 10 to 1 if you catch it. ANSWER TO BURIED CITIES IN SEPTEMBEUR NIUMBER. Country Buried: Italy. Buried Cities: Rome, Milan, Bari, Cortona, Verona, Terni, Geneva, Naples, Parma, Venice, Pisa, Messina, Brindisi. Correct solutions have been received from " Thistle," " E. A. P.," "Jim," " Polly P.," " Tiny Tip," " Mus- quash," and "Ariadne."