AMUSIXTG. DRDDLES.
1. WIEN does a blunt knife resemble barley ? 2. On what letter in the alphabet is a key bestowed ? 3. Why should an omnibus never be struck by light- ning? 4. How many sticks go to build a rook's nest ? 5. Who are the people who sell their kisses ? 6. What bird helps a London milkman ? DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " The weird sisters hand in hand, Posters of the sea and land, Thus do go about, about; Thrice to thine, and' thrice to mine, And thrice again to make up nine." "The spirits that know All mortal consequents, pr'i'nounced me thus: ' Fear not; no man that's born of woman Shall e'er have power on thee; then fly, false thanes, And mingle with the English epicures : The mind I sway by, and' the heart I bear, Shall never sagg with doubt, or shake with fear." I. " As from senses reason's work doth spring, So many reasons understanding gain, And many understandings knowledge bring, And then by much knowledge wethis obtain." II. "And all that form the tract Of woody mountains stretch'd through that bright land, Fall on Coromandel's coast or Malabar." III. They sent me one, instead of an aciostic. IV. "Fain would I do it, but I fear to fidl;" " If thy heart fail thee, try not at all." V. "There is a star that cheers our way Along this dreary ]and of woe, That tips with light the wves of life. However bitterly they flow." . VI. "When a general bids the martial train Spread this o'er the wide and spacibits plain, Thick rising tents a; canvass city build. VII. " Six wings he wore, to shade His lineaments divine; the pair that chd' Each shoulder broad' came mantling o'er his-breast With regal ornament." K. G. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES IN MARCH NUMBER. 1. A grate full of coals is grateful. 2. King James the First of Scotland, who was King of Scotland when he was crowned King of England. 3. Generosity, which gives in all directions. 4. Parents. 5. R would convert ice into rice. 6. The letter M. 7. A leek (leak). 8. A hole. 9. It is full of flats, sharps, and naturals. 10. A Don-Key. 11. Both are solicitors. 12. By placing a G before his oats, the latter are trans- formed into goats. ANSWER TO CITARADE. HIearth-Earth--Heart--Iear.