MIUSXING. RIDDLES.
1. When are ground-rents the worst kind of property? 2. What makes everybody disgusted but those who swallow it? 3. What is that which nobody likes to have, or having it, to lose ? 4. When a negro dies, what do his nearest relations set about ? 5. Why is a whisper like a forged note ? 6. Why is absence like a pair of bellows ? DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " We bring fresh showers for the thirsting flowers, From the seas and streams; We bear light shade for the leaves when laid In their noonday dreams. We wield the flail of the lashing hail, And whiten the green plains under; And then again we dissolve it in rain, And laugh as we pass it in thunder." I. " Not sparkling ardent flame, As when this famous King to battle led Silurian swains, and Boadicea taught Her raging troops the miseries of slaves." II. " The one we see now burning in my hall, How far that little candle throws his beams, So shines a good deed in a naughty world."
III. " Most potent, grave, and reverend signiors, My very noble and approved good masters, That I have ta'en away this old man's daughter, It is most true." IV. " That Richard, Duke of York, Was rightful heir unto the English crown; And your Majesty was but this." V. " Sleep, kinsman thou to death and trance, And madness, thou hast forged at last A night-long Present of the Past, In which we went thro' summer France." VI. " O'er all shone out the great Athenian sage, And father of philosophy; Tutor of Athens ! he in every street, Dealt priceless treasure ! Goodness his delight, Wisdom his wealth, and glory his reward." K. G. " TosnrY, you're a pig," said a father to his little boy. " Now, do you know what a pig is, Tommy ? "-" Yes, pa; a pig's a hog's little boy." SooN after the death of the poet Wordsworth, a man met a farmer of the neighbourhood, and said to him, " You have had a great loss."-" What loss ? "-" Why, you have lost the great poet."-" Oh, aye," said the farmer, " he is dead; but ah hev no doubt t' wife will carry on t' business, and mak' it as profitable as ivver it was."