(.A USIY G RIDDLES.
1. Why would a magpie resent being called a pheasant ? 2. Why at the North Pole should water be spelt with three letters ? 3. Why is sympathy like blind man's bouffe ? 4. Who was the first whistler, and what tune was whistled ? 5. Why do sheep resemble letters ? 6. Why is a musical clock like a monkey ? SOLUTION OF DOUBLE ACROSTIC IN APRIL NUMBER. Patient-Dentist. 1. PraeD. 2. AgE. 3. TowN, 4. ItineranT. 5. Ell. 6. NanS. 7. ToileT. K. G. TOURS OF DISCOVERY TIIHROUGH BURIED CITIES. These ingenious puzzles consist of certain sentences which contain the names of countries, cities, &e., each name being entire and consecutive, though dispersed through several words, as in the sentence-" Remem- ber needy folks." The word " Berne" is buried. First 'our.-A Country and Twelve Towns. Having been suffering from swollen glands, caused by long residence in Switzerland, Mary devised a tour in search of health, which excited my wonder by its diversity. We were all on donkeys to ride, the only puzzle was-How are hampers and portmanteaus to go ? Having settled to send them by rail, we mounted our steeds. Mine was as slow as an ox for droning along; it would shy or kick on the slightest pretence, up a bank or into a 21ool even, till I cried, " Away with ye o vile animal." We stopped to admire every lovely bit of coast or bay ; we saw in one place such elms jor drawing that we had a sketching party at once, but as we all in consequence caught cold in the head or chest, erred in so doing, and had to rub a thick coating of talow on our noses at night. Second Tour.-A Continent, two of its Countries, and six Touwns in them. Monsieur, open the book, and I will show you the land where musquito bites pain like scorpions, where the horses are so bad you have to whip or tug all the time to make them go. Here, also, it is the custom that the police, when a dog is mad, rid the place of him at once, or at least give the diseased animal a game leg for
life. The king's will is bondage for his subject, for he, like Mahiomcd Ali, can't err. A crowd here is not quite had as a jostle so in London, but any rash person who ventured into one would be jammed sufficiently tight. Replies to these puzzles can be received until the evening of tho 15th instant.