AMUSIING. -0- IDDL E S.
1. Name one particular bird, and if you do not, you must die a painful death. 2. Why is sympathy like blind man's buff ? 3. What is better than presence of mind in a railway accident ? 4. Call an owl a pheasant, and why ought he to be angry ? 5. What respectable and highly educated men are so often found in ill company ? 6. What Englishman is known to be a cannibal ?
A WONDERFUL ENIGMcA. I am a man--aye, also the first of men, None can mistake me for another; Yet take my head and lay it by my side That very moment I become a mother. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " A BEAUTIFUL creature That is gentle by nature ! Beneath the summer sky From flower to flower let hint fly, 'Tis all that he wishes to do. The cheerer thou of our indoor sadness, He is the friend of our sunmmer gladness : What hinders then thatye should be Playmates in the summer weather, And fly about in the air together ? His beautiful wings in crimson are dress'd, A crimson as bright as thine own! 0 love him, or leave him alone ! " I. " And with a voice that was full of glee, He answered, " Ere long I will launch A vessel as goodly, and strong and staunch, As ever weathered a wintry sea." IT. " I see thou art implacable ; more deaf To prayers than winds to seas; yet winds to seas Are reconcil'd at length, and seas to shore, Thy anger-still rages, Eternal tempest, never to be calm'd." III. "This offering to the altar bring A bull, a ram, a boar." IV. " But no image of gloom, or of care, or of strife, Has it ever given birth to one minute; For lamented in death, as beloved in life Was he who now slumbers within it." V. "Now I firmly am resolved, you know.- Th1at is not to bestow my youngest daughter Before I have a husband for this one." VI. " Sound the trumpet, beat the drum, Through all the world around; Sound this-sound, and sound The warrior God is come." VII. "Having hired this, we were forced by the foulness of the weather into Sostri Levante." VIII. " Two of these-they are wondrous fair- Left me that vision mild: Thit brown is from the mother's hair, The blonde is from the child." IX. This and outward means do fail, And have no power to work on ale. K. G. ANswERS TO RIDDLES IN SEPTEMBER NUMBER. 1. Laundresses. They often cross the line and roam from Pole to Pole. 2. An analytical chemist. 3. When it is under the snow. 4. Both can kindle a fltme. 5. Both have odd tricks. 6. Because it is out of Port. ANSWER TO DOUBLE ACROStIC IN SEPTEMBER NUMIBER. Skylark - Warbler.- 1. Sorrow. 2. Kezia. 3. Youngster. 4. Lamb. 5. Artificial. 6. Recipe. 7. Knocker.