ckn (fRigma.
AGREEABLY to the request Which in your letter is expressed, With pleasure I will now relate What passed in Bedfordshire of late; You'll see the story at one view, Which, though most strange, is very tra; In a small village, lives a pair, Who Heaven's connubial favours share; N- s, the worthy persons' name, And to their house a stranger came, On June the twenty-third at night, In a most pitiable plight. His feet were bare, and bare his head, And on his back no garments spread. This sad condition made him cry So much 'twas thought that he would die. They, with the neighbours of the place) Were much alarmed at his case; And Mrs. N- took such a fright, She could not bear the affecting sight, It made her almost faint away, And kept her ill for many a day. Now pity touched her husband's heart, And made him act a tender part ; His thoughts, his words, his actions tend To treat this stranger as a friend, And, had his wants not been supplied, In a short time he must have died : His weakness so extreme was grown, He could not reach the nearest town.
Thus did they great compassion show, And clothed him quite, from top to toe; Most generous treatment, you'll allow, To one they never saw till now ! But in this case what could they do ? Though all the neighbours showed compassion, 'Twas but by words of form and fashion, They sent no hat nor coat nor shoe. When sleep had cheered his weary head, And he was fully clothed and fed, They questioned him and much intreated, And often since have this repeated,- That he would tell them whence he came, What he came for, and what's his name. But he declined all such narration, Nor gave one word of information, No promises of good avail, And e'en the fiercest threatenings fail: Such ,stubborn silence does he keep He'll only eat and drink and sleep. In some respects his turn of mind Seems of the most good-natured kind; For if at any time you use The strongest language of abuse, And even rogue or villain call, He will not seem provok'd at all; Nay, in this very trying case, He'll sometimes laugh you in the face. You'll think, perhaps, he's very mild; No, sometimes fractious as a child; His temper changeable and teasing, And then there's no such thing as pleasing.
His politics are very strange, They seem to take the widest range : In wish or prayer he will not join For Queen, or for her royal line, That they may long the sceptre sway, Yet who should reign he does not say. He seems no Frenchman in his heart, Nor acts a Jacobin's vile part; T' the ministry makes no objections, And scorns all scurrilous reflections. He holds religion of that kind Which seems to no one sect inclined; Whether 'tis new, or like the many 'Tis hard to say, or whether any. He is no methodist 'tis plain, Nor does he wear the papal chain: He may an independent prove ? No, sprinkling infants he don't love. May we then him a baptist call ? No, dipping folks is worst of all; Is he, perhaps you'll say, a quaker ? No, of their light he's no partaker; Nor does he claim the least relation To those denying revelation. He's very plainly to be seen, What all the world save two have been; And yet more strange, and still more clever, What no man is or can be ever. This is the stranger's wondrous fame; Reader, pray strive to find his name ! His person's amiable and fair, With large blue eyes and fine light hair;
Then he's quite young ! nay, don't be bold, He's toothless quite, as if quite old; And yet, such is this wondrous case, It don't affect his speech or face, For fluently he'll read a page As any reader of his age; And when he speaks 'tis all by rule, Though not brought up at grammar school. This genius of strange degree, Come into Bedfordshire, and see, And if to speak you feel inclined, Most freely tell him all your mind. And when you see him, should you speak In Hebrew, Latin, French or Greek, He'll answer fluently and strong, As well as in his mother toague.