In January Number of the LADIES' TREASTURY, 1864. ENIGMAS.
1..-To corn alone the earth gives birth; The food of bird, of beast, and man ; Frost in a trice turns the water to ice, And then let him eat it who can. Then my whole-why, look round you, And up, and in bed, A cornice you'll usually find Keeps watch round your head. 2.-TIIE HYDRA PoLYPUs.-When the polypus is cut trans- versely, or longitudinally, into two or three parts, each part in a short time becomes! a perfect animal, and so great is this prolific power that a new animal will be produced even from the skin of the old one. If the young ones be mutilated while they grow upon the parent, the parts so injured can be reproduced by both offspring and parent. If the polypus be slit from the head to the middle of the body, two heads perfect in all respects will be the result, and as many slits as can be made in the animal will each become a perfect head. Parts of these animals may be grafted together. If two truncated por- tions of polype be placed together, and gently pushed, they will immediately unite. The two portions are first joined by a slender neck, which gradually fills up and disappears, the food passing from one part into another. Thus polype may be formed from not only different portions of the same animal, but also from those of different animals. The head of one may be fixed on the body of another, and the compound creature will grow and multiply as if it had never been divided. By pushing the body of one into the mouth of another, so far as that the head of one is in contact with the other, and be held in this situation a short time, it will form into one animal, only having double the number of arms. The Hydra can even turn itself inside out, and then, it' takes several combinations; the fore part frequently closes, and becomes a supernumerary tail. The animal which was at first straight, now bends itself, so that the two tails resemble the legs of a pair of compasses, which it can at will open and shut. The old mouth is placed, as it were, at the south of the compasses, but loses its power of action when a new one is formed in its neighbourhood, and in a little time there is a new species of Hydra formed with several mouths. Every portion of a polypus cut in pieces, almost as soon as it is cut olf is capable of devouring food. The voracity of the whole tribe is astonishing. Most of the insects on which they feed bear the same proportion to the mouth of a Polypus which an apple the size of a man's head does to the mouth of a man. IDDLE.-CLIO. Clio was one of the nine muses. RIDDLES. 1.-What is that which exists for men, but which God never saw? 2.-Tn what book is the first mention of the evil action of the moon upon the human frame? and by whom was it recorded ? 3.-What town in the United Kingdom did the Romans call by the name of her present Majesty ? 4.-What is that which grows with its root upwards- which lives in winter, but dies in summer ? 5.-What is that which is invisible but never out of sight ? 6.-By what measure can the weight of the moon be esti- mated ? 7.-Why are babies like soldiers in a campaign ? Fronm Dr. Paris's "Philosophy it Sport made Science in Earnest." 8.-H-ero's a riddle for those who delight in their gold, Which they p'rhaps may explain when my story is told; No treasure's so precious, and yet those who gain me, Though they give me away, will always retain me ! Indeed, if they wish to increase their rich store, By giving away, they will only add more ! To Fancy's quick eye, in what forms have I risen! And poets declare that my birth was in heaven; To some, as a flower, as a stream, or a fountain; To others I seem as a tower or mountain. Should these hints not betray me, I only can say, You do not possess me-I hope that you may.