~n~a, to ~,iibbl, ffsiarsb, itr., In& ATarich ilMbecr. ANSW'ERS TO RZIDDLES.
1.-The Thrush. 2.-Both compose, and use proof, type, and characters to suit their purpose. 3.-Both possess horses, one rides a horse the other doesn't. 4.-Match-making. 5.- One collects shells and the other discharges them. 6.-The schoolboy can decline "to accept," and the lady is like him when she declines "to accept." 7.-Shoes that have ears to tie. ANSWERS TO CIARADES. 1.-Rainbow. 2.-Legend. 3.-Addison. RIDDLES. 1.-When does a cow become real estate? 2.-What sentence contains all the words of the alphabet ? 3.-Why is a shrimp like a Member of Parliament ? 4.--What is that which waits by your bedside every night for your bones ? 5.-Why did dumb waiters go out of fashion ? 6.-Why is a pig in a drawing-room like a house on fire ? DOUdLE ACROSTIC. A noble youth whose bold and fearless heart Led him to take an injured maiden's part; A goddess by whose aid, divine and rare, A youthful prince became a monarch's heir. 1.-A stately tree that waves o'er India's sands. 2.-The weary idleness of sultry lands. 3.-The blessing that makes earth so bright and fair. 4.-What all can do their Maker's gifts who share. 5.-The time to which eternity extends. 6.-The initial letters that "our voice" commends. 7.-The noble bulwark of our nation's wealth, And source of happiness, content, and health. E. W. PUZZLE. What names of actors, read in succession, would form a sentence intimating how a sharp-witted fellow con- veyed a woman's hammer across the water. A. T. CHARADES. 1. MIy first is a sound, and often loud; My second is a sound, but always low; My whole is a sound. S. MDy first is seen only during my second, But altogether I'm a blessing rcckon'd. S. 3. I am the end of that which has no end. Although I commenced this year and every year, And shall certainly end to-day. S. 4. Great Britain's sons enjoy my first, Green Erin's sons my second, My third, though in high places nurst, A low-born thief is reckon'd. J. C. M.