BIBLICAL CHARADE AND HIDDEN TEXT, 1
SEAS, rivers, springs, lakes, earth and sky Of me partake most truly; At bottom of the well I lie,- Most gentle; most unruly. 2 Both poor and rich do me possess, In kitchen and in parlour; For ornament and usefulness, But for the latter rather. One left mynwhole, and townwards went, To tell a tale of wonderment. HIDDEN TEXT. 1 How blessed those who on God's Word rely; To do his bidding all their powers try; The faithfulness of Jesus, too, they prove, Who saves them, objects of eternal love. 2 He seeks them first; to him are ever dear ; 3 Though they may wander far, he'll bring them ne The path with thorns may prick their erring feet But, like the stream at Marah, 'twill come sweet, 4 Who that are favour'd thus to walk therein ; 5 Do find true happiness, though marr'd by sin. 6 "'His ways are pleasantness," the Truth records, And to the Christian true delight affords. 7 "Not grievous his commandments." Saviour led Thy people into them and there them feed. Notting Hill, W. WCB, ANSWERS TO FEBRUARY INGENIOUS RIDDLE. G reat are thy works which we behold, O God of grace, and thy designs ! D escending here in days of old, C reation beam'd in golden lines ; R esistance vanish'd from thy sight; E xulting songs the cherubs sing; A 11 angels gloried in thy might, T hey praises sang to God, their king ! (Job xxxviii, . E ach morn beheld some glories new ; D ay after day the structure grows ; " ood" all things in their Maker's view, R efecting honours as they rose.
we this wondrous story leave- orbing as it is to me- Riddle's answer, I believe, '1 in a whale be found t'agree. w Scriptures witness God them made (Gen. i. 21) ; Jonah in one's belly found e, breath, and voice preserved, and pray'd, circled by the ocean round- typed he Christ's sleep in the ground. (MNatt. xii. 40.) arcase yields rich stores of oil, ay my slayers for their toil; thus that "thousands, young and old, by my death great light behold." G.C. nk the answer to the riddle in the Feb. " F.C." is h at fish which the Lord had prepared to swallow up (i. 17.) Proofs : i. od made the fishes before he created man. (Gen. ii. This fish was made to answer God's plan in n and in saving Jonah's life. iii. Fishes have o te bodies but no arms, legs, or feet. iv. God con- e actions of the fishes, but they have no soul. (Job v. Adam gave every living cieature its name. (Gen. 9 vI. The Bible does not inform us that Adam knew y g further of fishes. vii. The life and breath which od ut into the great fish was the life and breath of c which, when taken away, made no difference to the iii. The light given by the fish to fallen man is the btained from its fat or oil. Ix. Fishes have no tanding, and the Scriptures are as an empty sound 1 m. W. SNELL. .L., J.H., P. G. Leach, J. C. Heathfield, C. M. Allis- SE. Hall, C. Charlwood, and L. and W. J. Carlton also orrect answers. ANSWERS TO HIDDEN TEXT. The icked flee when no man pursueth." (Prov. xxviii. 1.) Since Adam in the garden fell, And guilty, fled to hide from view, His seed have tried the practice well- " The wicked flee, when none pursue."-C. ead, D. Andrew, K. Knell, A. Tanner, J. Durrant, se, W. Snell, M. Harvey, J. C. Heathfield, L. Carl- Kirby, M. O. C. Giles, G. Pickuell, H. Barnes, B., d E. Aston, E. Hall, K. and L. Kelly, and G. M. and Allistone send correct answers.