BIBLE ENIGMAS.
ere's a word in the Scriptures that's brought to the front ; A grace that true saints would possess ; \is certainly scarce, though its worth is untold; Its absence doth cause much distress. he waters of trial down on it may pour; But if the dear Lord is at hand, his grace will be brighter, it clearer will shine, liuch firmer its ground it will stand. saint of the Lord has declared in the Word, 'T will grow if by trial 'tis fed ; ad if tribulation is bless'd to the soul, He'll be in this Spirit's grace led. L. E. BURIED WORDS. "Bow down thine ear." "I will in nowise cast out." "Hide not thine ear at my breathings ; at my cry." L"Both low and high, rich and poor together." "Even a child is known by his doings." SWhat was given as a token of a covenant? Where was there no room for Jesus ? What is necessary to life ? In what degree is a brother told to rejoice? Name a tempter of her husband. The initials of the buried words read downwards, will ne the name of a precious book. Weldon. H. Ro WELL. ANSWER TO SEPTEMBER ENIGMA. (Received too late soir insertion in our last.) All hidden up within one word I see The letters three by which you puzzle me; " Pen " is the instrument which has, I know, Both sadden'd many hearts and made them glow.
Your next, of letters three, I find conceal'd; Reminding us to whom it was reveal'd: " With one exception, thou may'st freely ' eat' " Of that which grew around his earthly seat. Your third, which is wrapt up in letters four, Is that which spans both land and water o'er; Noah first saw the grandest "arch," or span, Which showed to him God's love to fallen man. All folded up and neatly wrapp'd around, A "cell" I see,-how doleful oft the sound- Does not the busy bee, on bustle bound, Remind us of the place where honey's found ? Your last of all most solemn is, I know, And shows to us how much to God we owe: Samuel, the child, receives God's solemn word To show to "Eli" that wherin he err'd. H. ANSWERS TO OCTOBER BIBLE ENIGMA. 1. " A house not made with hands." 2. " Settle it therefore in your hearts." 3. " O, that men would praise the Lord." 4. He is excellent in power. The last natural state of man is,-Dust. II. I've read your Enigma with interest to-day, And now I will tell what it seems to convey: The " dew " from the Lord with rich virtue doth fall. And man hath no power to control it at all. The Patriarch Abram, so noble and great, First lived at a place where, 'tis sad to relate, Men worshipp'd their idols and gods not a few,- 'T was " Ur'" of the Chaldees, from whence he withdre When Adam had lived a good number of years In labour and sorrow, as plainly appears, God gave him a third son, and "Seth " was his name, Born, too, in the likeness of one we all claim. The metal now wanting to make up the "dust," Is "tin," which shines bright and is useful to us; But the true gold alone will stand in "that day" When the tin and the dross will be taken away. H. S. We have also received correct replies from A. C. Lewi J. L. Palmer ; H. R. ; E. Marriott ; M. F. Levey; F. Wilkins, aged 9; D. E. _ T.; A. G. B.; E. We E. W. Woods. .