BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES.
[Note.-The Puzzles in prose are taken from Sacred and Profane History, or from Geography. Some- times the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will furnish us with themes. The puzzles in rhyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIORS. FouB books, of the published value of 5s. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candidates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE NO. XVIH.-It is the eve of a great battle ; all is hushed in the camp of a mighty army, darkness prevails, and only the muffled tread of the sentinel tells a living host lies there. Go from tent to tent, and in one spot alone a light can be detected; by its pale glimmer a young soldier writes to his absent wife. Suddenly he hears a step behind him, and looking up sees a well-known martial form. The visitor, with a dreadful frown, in a stern voice bids him resume the pen and add, " I die to-morrow ! " On the next day he was led forth by his comrades to be shot. State the offence, and who was the martial visitor. PuzzLE No. XVIII. Where unnoticed they lay in a deep hollow grave, And the only sound heard was the voice of the wave, They formed a foundation so honoured and sure, God said that its records should ever endure.
They stirred not, they knew not the weight that they bore, . They spoke not a word, but borne:safely to shore, They told to nm i plainly thbe might of. the Lord, And called on him truly to trust in His word, And to fear before Him who is strong to de- liver, k . Ani'i,waitch iver,the swho' depend on Him Now, ýho'sthbold dicer who 11 sink vhere And see-h"y}i- . or-: sarfely away? The Foua moss successfiulandi ii s factory eand i dates will receiv 6each a book of theli'blishedprice, of 6s., and of their owi selection. PUZZLE No. XVII.-A.,k , offEnglnt ais resting after; jdurney.i.a ;smallit6ovn in France; isgiat ai sdr swli long cap tivity, d n Acýn expres- sion of miental suffering.. Suddenly .th' door bursts open,andt a youth, entering,throishim,-: self on his lknees imploriing. pardonh for cruel treachery and -wrong doing. 'The ki1g, will- ingly grants it, raising and e i"rBin4ig the. suppliant, but adds, "I would : -could foe, my brother's injuries as soon as he will forget my par'don of. them." Name the king, the offender, and the' offence. PUzzLE No. XVrIIrI. Fr6m t1e' cooling waters play, : : Where unnoticed long I lay, Taken from my watery grave Israel's mighty host to save, Chosen out of bed of river, Without life, -jet'tb deliver; Quickly buried once again, To man's hurt, yeto.iiot as then; Not in water, nor in clay. Guess my riddle now who may.