BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES.
[Note.-The Puzzles in prose are taken from Sacred and Profane History or from Geography. Some- times the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will furnish us with themes.' The puzzles in rhyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Foa SENIORS. Foun books, of the published value of 5s. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candidates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher.
PUZZLE No. XI.-At the three angles of a right-angled triangle are three important cities: the place at the angle opposite the hypothenuse [look in the dictionary] was a wedding gift ;' that at the apex is a city of palaces; and that at'the angle opposite the perpendicular occupies the site of the first territorial acquisition of a great people in a strange country. PuzzLE No, XII. 1Bit by bit, and stone by stone, Without reserve it must come down, A home lie levelled in the dust, For so had God decreed it must ; No matter how costly, He could riot brook Upon defilement in this to look, Or in the antitype 'tis plain. Let not my riddle be writ in vain, But search in the law, and this lesson read, To be a help to thy soul indeed. Son JUNIORs. The Foun most successful and satisfactory candi- dates will receive each a book of the publishedprice of 5s., and of their own selection. PUZZLE No. XI.-The initial letters of the words answering the following will spell the birthplace of a great poet:- (a), The ancient capital of a large country. (b) The last of the continents in civiliza- tion. (c) A town connected with the history of French Protestantism.. (d) A people recently invaded by Russia. (e) A lake in Persia. (f) A town greatly troubled of late by earthquakes. PUZZLE No. XII. Nature spoke, yet nature weak To resist a stronger will It might yearn and it might seek, But it dared not turn back still. So, unknowing where they: weni So, unknowing what they did, They were on high mission sent, Yet that mission from them hid. Holiest men might take their place, Holiest men alone e'er tbok;, Fev, and of a favoured race. Find your answer in The Book.
"My Beloved is mine, and I am His. "'-Cant. ii. 16.