CHARADES, REBUSES, &c.
CIHIAADE. As a bard unrivall'd told us, We who've been from danger free, In a fancied safety fold us, Dwelling in security. Somewhat diff'rent was his language To this child's, I calculate; And unlike as is a "sangwidge" To a beef-o'erburdened plate. But, like mine, I think's his meaning, And 'tis now as it was erst: They mock wounds with pride o'er- weening Who have never felt my first. Ah, our house has look'd so gloomy Since it's to my second been; Scarce the same appears it to me, Once so cheerful to be seen. Then my whole, so rich and gladsome, When upon the soldier worn; Often I've wish'd that I had some, Careering to the hound and horn. II. I WOULD play with you, with pleasure, That I think you full well know; And I have abundant leisure Anywhere just now to go. But I'm sorry I can't do it, For it pains me to refuse; But I'm sure my first would rue it, So tight are these horrid shoes. Cricket, too, in this cold weather P Why, you surely must be mad ! Then the gear is not together, And my second can't be had. What's to do, this day so bitter, Since you cannot bat or bowl ? 'Tis no time to bowl or hit, or Do aught else than play my whole.
III. ONCE a&ain comes winter reigning Dreadful o'er the conquered year, Slowly, surely, potence gaining, Wielded with a hand sevele. Happy ye, who round the glowir.g Of the cheerful fire draw nigh, Heeding not the bitter snowing, Or the tempest raging high. All! but think when ye are sitting In a cheerful circle round, Even in those moments flitt.in, Men are dying on the grouna. Not for them the fireside cheery, When the howling storm has burst, Where they huddle cold and dreary, Without means to get my first. When my coming is not reckon'd, As I roam through field and copse, Hares and rabbits will my second, As a child does from a "wopps." As this morning I was larking, When, all dark, I downstairs stole, I my shins was well nigh barking, When I stumbled o'er my whole. IV. MY first is a part of the head ; A bird's house is my second, Where her young are always bred; My whole is steadfast reckon'd. V. THREE little letters compose my first. And a conjunction, too, it's rcckond; An animal with a shaggy hide, You'll find to be my second, Which if ever you happen to see, You'd setter my whole to teaze ham.
VI. 3YM first causes sorrow and bloodshed, Mlv second's essential in a candle, Mj whole is an old town in England. VII. hY first is the young of a dog, and is very often my second; My whole is a doll. VIII. Mr first is the same as my third, lMy second's another name for harbour, $ly whole's a well-known town in Por- tugal. Ix. MY first is a fish, My second is a doorway, My whole is an art. X. I Al composed of 19 letters; my 13, 5, 10 is a vehicle; my 5 7, 7, 6, 19 is a fruit; my 7, 19, 5, 4 is also a fruit; my 3,15 19, 14 is the cry of a "beast; my 17, 19, 5, 3 is an animal; my 1, 15, 16, 19is better than nothing; my 3, 15, 1, 19 is a flower; my 16, 5, 16, 16, 5 is a child's best friend; my 8, 15, 12, 1, 11 is a very useful animal; my 2, 15 is a heathen personage ; my 14, 2, 10 is part of my body, and my whole was a cele- brated general shot in the moment of victory. XI. I A a word of 10 letters; without my 3, 9, 2, 6, there would be no neces- sity for my 7, 2, 6, 7, 8, 9, 4; a vast quantity of my 3, 9, 2, 6 is required to support my 1, 3, 5, 7; my 4, 9, 4, 10, 9 always carries my 3, 2, 6, 7, and is what nearly every one has been taught to say; ny 3, 9, 5, 6, 8, 9, 4 is a place in Essex, aud my whole is a large town of Eng- lad. XII. Mr first is often brought into my second. My whole is an English town.
XIII. I A a word of 11 letters; my 3, 6, 1, 10, 11 is the cause of many wounds in my 4, 9, 3, 8, 11, 4, though they are much more pleasant in that than in my 1, 6, 7, 8, 11, 3, or my 10, 11, 8; too much of my 8, 6, 7 is very bad, though my 8, 6, 7, 11, 3 may be very good at times; if you have both 5, 11 9, 3, 4 and 1, 9, 6, 4, 5, you may unravel me; but you will most likely require my 10, 6, 8, 5, 4, before you read me rightly, unless you make use of my 1, 6 3, 11, 5, 11, 9, 3, 4, 5. If you cannot discover me perhaps your sister will be able to tell you, as I form a portion of the apparel of a lady. XIV. MY first is used o'er all the world, For buildings large and grand; My second sailors wish to see, When nearing their own land; My whole on Scotland's coast I ween, A county town may there be seen. Xv. MY first we always like to see, In that I think you'll all agree; And though we've seen them many times, We like to hear the merry chimes That herald my fair first's approach In carriage, or the handsome coach. My next's a person, who does strive Horses to keep well and alive; My first is of the female kind, My next is opposite you'll find ; My whole is also male, you see, Which many hope some day to be. xvI. MY first is a man's name. My second is what I am on now. My whole is an English town. XVII. MY first is not deep at my second. My whole is an Irish town.
XVIII. MY whole contains my first, and is my second. XIX. I A.M a word of three syllables; my first is a kind of wine; my second a living creature; my third sounds like a number. I am also a word of eleven letters: my 5, 6, 7 is a living creature; my 3, 10, 4; 3, 6, 5 ; 10,1, 9; 1, 11, 5, 6 are animals; 8, 9, 10, is a plant; 4, 2, 1; a toy; 4, 3, 6, 1, an instrument to catch animals; 3, 2, 5, 1, to play rudely; 4, 6, 5 1, 9, 3, to meddle with; 5, 6, 3, 4, a place of business ; 5, 9, 10, 8, an article of food; 5, 10, 8, something found in most houses; 3, 6, 1, to strike sharply; 8, 6, 3, 4, something which every child likes; 6, 8, 9, something we did yesterday; 8, 9, 10, 5, a number of horses. XX. M~ first is moisture; My second is an are, and also a polite gentleman; My whole is never seen unless it is raining, and not always then. XXI. MY first means to talk sociably; My second is a part of an animal pre- pared in a particular way; My whole an English town. XXII. My first boys all like, since it releases them from my second My whole is a volume of dramatic com- positions. REBUSES. I. 1. A SEAPORT of Africa. 2. A canton of Switzerland. 3. An island of Turkey in Asia. 4. An island of Asia. 5. A Chinese settlement. 6. A town of Abyssinia. 7. A town of Portugal. 8. A town of North America. 9. A town in England. 10. A port of Ireland. The initials read downwards give the name of a celebrated French commander.
II. 1. AN article used by ladies. 2. A city of South America. 3. To bring up. 4. Part of a ship. 5. A germ. 6. A card. 7. A girl. 8. A Swiss lake. 9. A carpenter's tool. 10. A town of Greece. 11. Sour. 12. A river of Asia. 13. A town of Greece. 14. A Scotch river. The initials read downwards name a celebrated author for boys; and the finals, a tale he has written. III. AN innocent contributor to many a re- past ; A letter in an alphabet which sometimes stands for last; A task to be performed before the wheat is fit for food; A summons which the soldier heeds, if he is prompt and good; A title of nobility which is not a com- mon word; A widow in the Bible of whom we all have heard. Now find a town in Ireland, go seek it in the west, And then a place for beauty, which is ever thought the best. When all these words you've found, and placed in order due, You will find that the initials a queen will bring to view; And the finals, if you read in exactly the same way, A celebrated personage they will at once : display. IV. 1. A YOUNG dog. 2. An exclamation, 3. A cement (transposed). 4. Part of a ship. 5. An American statesman. 6. A town of Italy. 7. An Indian root. S. A weapon. 9. An African town. 10. A river of Germany. 11. Want. The initials read downwards name a celebrated author for boys; and the finals, a tale he has written.
1. A MOUNTAIN of Armenia. 2. A town in Switzerland. 3. The eldest daiughter of Priam. 4. One of the three Gorgous. 5. A flower. 6. A German county and town. 7. A Greek lyric poet. 8. The wife of Priam. 9. A god of the Romans. 10. A town in the United States. 11. A bird. 12. A famous robber killed by Hercules. The initials and finals read downwards will name-the former a Greek comic poet, and the latter a Greek philosopher. VI. MY first is a general pardon. Mly second is a desperate person. My third is jocose. My fourth is a country of Europe, be- headed. My fifth is an earl's wife. Mll sixth is to stain. My seventh is to spoil, curtailed. My eighth is bravery. My ninth is one of the quarters of the globe. 11y initials read downwards give a part of speech; and the finals read in the like manner, a county of England. VII. Ml first is a place in Switzerland. My second is a frame of timber. My fourth is a quarter of my third. My fifth is a round pillar. 1My sixth is superfluity. My initials read downwards give a country in Europe; and the finals, its chief town. VIII. A cTY in France. A river in Spain. A town near Turin. A tributary of the Danube. A river in France. The initials read downwards form a city of France; and the finals, the river on which it stands.
IX. A RIVER of France. A town in Ireland. A. river in north of Spain. A county in England. A river in York. A town in France. The initials read downwards form a city of England; and the finals, the river on which it stands. TRANSPOSITIONS. I. TEIDLASIM.-A Grecian general, who defeated the Persians at Aahmnort. II. MoLTESECHIST.-A Grecian, who de- seated the Persians at Aasslim. III. I a~ a preposition of five letters. Behead and transpose me, and I mean to tear. Behead that, and I am the conclusion. Transpose, and I am the lair of a wild beast. Transpose again, and I am a boy's nanme. Restore me to my natural form, curtail and transpose, and I am a sand-bank. Transpose that, and I signify naked. Put me together again, behead twice, transpose, and I am a colour. Again restore me to myself, curtail twice, and transpose, and I am a troublesome creditor. Put me together again, take away n"- third and fourth letters, and tratns- pose, and 1 do what boys do when they do not want to be caught. Restore me, for the last time, to my- self, take away my second letter, transpose, and 1 am nupolite. CONUNDRUM. Ir Baron Rothschild were fryin white- bait, and they could speak, what adjcctive would they make use of when they were done brown ?
ENIGMAS. I. I'M found in an anagram, though not in a puzzle; I'm found in a cannon, though not in a muzzle ; I'm found in a groat, though I'm not found in money; I'm found in a rabbit, though not in a bunney; I'm found in a blade, though not in a knife ; I'm found in war, though I'm not found in strife; I'm found in a cabbage, though not in greens I'm found in a table well loaded with beans; And now, sir reader, if through me you've not seen, Wait for the next number of this maga- zine. II. - AM in the four elements, air, water, fire, and earth, I am in misery, sorrow, hunger, and dearth, l am found with all farmers, soldiers, and sailors, The priests, and the preachers, the cob- lers, and tailors, I am here, and I am there, in right, and in wrong, With the serious, the careless, the tired, and the strong. III. You may find me in anguish, Tho' never in pain. I'm found 'mong the happy, Altho' in vain You'll seek me in joy, I am not to be found; You'll find me in earth, Tho' not in the ground ; I am found 'mong the heathen And heavenly too, I am found in chopping, And also in hew; You'll find me in all shapes, Altho' not in round; You'll find me in all things, Yet in nothing I'm found.
IV. A BLIND wandering bard, who sang his lays 'Mid his own beautiful Ionian shores; A Greek scholar mathematicians praise, And schoolboys vote the greatest of all bores; The founder of an empire, whose nurse Was the grim she-wolf, so tradition tells ; A Latin writer of Elegiac verse, Who yielded all too blindly to the spells Of Julia's love, and died in lone exile; The gentle Queen of Thate, sweet flowery isle, Where brave Eneas lingered for a while, Forgetting fame and duty in her smile; A famous mount in Greece. supposed to be The god's abode, and Jupiter's great throne A Roman for his history well known; The gallant hero of the Odyssey; A wise Athenian, whose exalted life Was all too virtuous for that darkened age; 'Twas his sad fate to have a scolding wife, And fatal hemlock closed the tragic page. Guess these nine worthies; and when you have guessed, In order place the initial of each name, And you will have the earliest and the best Grecian historian, of undying fame. V. I A found in a carriage, but not in a car; I am found in a planet, but not in a star; I am found in a horse, but not in a goal; I am found in your heart, but not in your soul; I am found in a table, but not in a chair; I am found in your features, but not im your hair; I am found in a tumbler, but not in a I am found in a teacup, but not in a mnug; I am found in a field, but not in a park; I am found in the evening, but not iC the dark; I am found in an eagle, but not in a rook; I am found in these lines, but not in this book.
ACROSTIC. A line frotm Shakespeare's " Coriolanus." TaE following couplets each describe a word; when found, the initials read downwards, and the finals upwards, give the answer. I. If my first you wish to know, I am a word which means "to throw." II. If for me you search, just list, I am a word which means "a mist." Come and look for me, my boy, I am a word means " to destroy." Iv. If into my secrets you would creep, Find and transpose a word that means "to weep." v. lam a satire, written not to please My object's anything but that, for I am made to tease. VI. A group of islands you must bring to mind, Which on the map of ]Europe you will find. VII. If for me you will search and take trou- ble to look, I am sure to be found in a cookery book. VIII. Come, my young friends, and make your- selves merry, I am a word which means "to bury." Ix. If of not finding me you have a fear, Listen, my meaning is to " disappear." x. I grow on a tree, but I am not a berry; Iam a species or kind of wild cherry. XI. I'm a wild animal, spelled with letters five In Africa you'll find me, if you strive. XII. If ever at an opera or theatre you've been, Ithink, nay, I am almost sure that me you there have seen. XIII. lam a fabled creature, of double form 'tis said, Part of my body is a fish; I have a woman's head.
GEOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC. OUGHT of its kind more fair than I con- tain, Throughout the land you'll seek, and seek in vain ; A tow'ring monument of pious zeal, Oh! lend your aid, lest time my trea- sure steal. I also claim some interest, for I hold That which holds that of which you've now been told. 1. Near beauteous scenes where poet sang his lays, Midst lakes and hills my lofty head I raise. 2. Trusting themselves at first, they fail to take me; But afterwards, by craft, a prey they make me. 3. The "Manchester" they call me of that land, Whose produce feeds me, and wherein I stand. 4. In days of yore they called me "Town of Gold," A seat of learning since, now a stronghold, And Europe's second river I behold. 5. I was a British town when valiant queen, 'Gainst Romans, leading British hosts, was seen. 6. Part of my former empire still is spared, The other part by foreign power is shared. 7. Amongst a nation small, but brave and bold, Confederate and true, my place I hold. 8. An English city, in that district found Where Roman army first trod British ground. 9. Look north, or south, or west, or where you will, So large a space none of my brethren fill. The initial and final words (each to be read from top to bottom) are to be found in the first six lines. ANAGRAMS. 1. ON, leap on! 2. Ten liege men and lads. 3. A man's rag. 4. Here oh I stops no lips. 5. A ship's name.
WORD SQUARES. I. MY. first is a short cloak. My second is an open surface, or flat space. My third is-a nice fruit. My fourth is to gain by labour. II. MY first is a valuable metal. My second is scarce. My third are unrefined metals. My fourth is a place for birds. III. MA first is a very useful little instru- ment. My second is a female sheep. My third is a snare.
MY first is a part of the body. My second is an intermitting fever. My third was one of the kings of Rpme. My fourth is a cathedral dignitary. V. MY first is used on sea. My second is read of in fairy tales. My third is what the policeman haunts. My fourth we shed for sorrow. PUZZLES. 1. WnY is B like a hot fire ? 2. Why is D like a squalling child? 3. Why is L like giving a sweetheart away ? 4. Why is Q rather impertinent ? 5. Why is S like a smart repartee ? 6. What two letters in the allpiahet form the name of a county in England noted for Agriculture ?