CHARADES. I.
Quoth old King Coal, Who was a dry old soul, To one of his courtiers three, Go bring a bottle of my first, And sup any if thou durst, For it'll be worse for thee. And to another my second fetch; If thou dost break it I will stretch Thy body on the nearest tree. When both had their errand done, Saith he unto the other one, Pour out the first for me. Now he was a jolly old soul As ever you did see; Unto his lips he raised my whole, And a jolly good drink had he. T. A. Moss. II. My first is grain. 1My second is my first in a different state. My whole is found among my first.
III. By the assistance of my first A queen of fame and pride In deep despair and misery Committed suicide. What Moses was when he struck the rock On the desert's arid plain; What John was, Gharta having signed, My second does explain. My whole a letter is that oft From Cockneys gets abuse. Now, if my name you do not find, You surely are a goose. RONALD STUART. IV. My first in solemn pomp appears A messenger of woe, And wakens sympathetic tears For reason sunk so low. Now change the scene; again it comes 'Mid merriment and glee, With clang of trumpet, sound of drum, To grace a pageantry. With drooping banner, sable plume, Proclaiming it a bier, It comes amid a nation's gloom To claim a nation's tear. My second an endearing name, Though often found a pest, Awakes affection's glowing flame Within the doating breast. My whole in various colours wrought Of various form and size, With warmth, or taste, or splendour fraught, In cot or palace lies. JANE P--.
V. Ned argued long, but Will replied He would sole master be; And no one with his name allied My first should ever see. "I hate the world," Matilda said,- , "Its praises and its blame;" So, silly, unreflecting maid, My second she became. "Hurrah !" " hurrah !" my third is heard, And forth from court and street They run--a noisy, shouting herd,- A puppet-show to greet. George called his little cousin " Goose," And her good temper stole, Because she said it was no use To try to guess my whole. JANE P-