CHARADES, REBUSES, S&c.
We shall be glad to receive answers to our Charades. No correspondence on any other subject must appear on the same paper.
CHARADES. A HUNDRED to one-a hundred to one, And fifty to a fifth of eight. If you guess aright, I'm sure I'm clear, So give me your answer straight. II. ADD ten to nine, then nought, and lo ! Take half away, and you will see The name of one whose weal was woe, As told in Greek mythology. III. MY second, mounted on my first, A fleet and noble steed ; The spurs into its flanks he thrust, And rode at headlong speed. He said he wish'd to catch my third, Which flies before the wind; Although it flies it's not a bird,. So try its name to find. My first flew onwards like a dart; My second my whole had acquired, Which is a very useful art, And often much admired. JAMEs F. STUART.
IV. Soon as the stars their work have done, My first will rise to meet the sun ; My second is of polished steel,- You would not like its power to feel; And yet you ought, unless you find This riddle which I have in mind. On guessing you may surely wear My whole-a flower both rich and fair. HACO. V. WHOLE, I am a fish's dwelling-place, Without my head a prison ; To which, if anyone desires to go, He must be void of reason ; Another head just please lop off, A measure then remains, Behead the measure and you'll have Twice fifty for your pains. J. J. GonTox. VI. I soAR with the songster, I set with the sun, When the latter the course of his duty has run; With the East and the West I am always at home, And ne'er from the best or the worst do I roam; I run with the swift and I creep with the slow, And I kindle where poisons with viru- lence glow ;
My home is my right on the shore or the sea, Nor from me the soldier or sailor will flee; My pressure I give to the snow and the storm, And the stars claim my help as in space they are borne ; I burnish the flames and I glow with the spark, While a stranger to light and unknown in the dark ; My strength is in steam, you confess it, I see; Yet stop, for my music is heard on the sea. G. E. I. REBUS. MY first is what most women like; my second is a girl's name; my third is a girl's name; my fourth is a muci- laginous substance; my fifth is that in which lay the strength of Samson ; my sixth is a Latin personal pronoun; my seventh is the face of a planet; my eighth is to demand. If you read the initials downwards, you will have an Irish city where a battle was fought in 1690. If you read the finals the same way, you will have a flower emblematic of Ireland. CLASSICAL REBUSES. MY 6, 17, 3, 8, one of the Porcian family; my 16, 14, 7, 11, 4, the blood of the gods; my 9, 10, 4, 4, 15, the mother of Calais. My whole, a word of 17 letters, and the name of a mock poem written by Homer. J. J. GonToN. II. MY 4, 3, 4, 9, 10, the son of Vulcan and Medusa; my 5, 3, 4, 4, 8, 9, 10, another name for Bacchus; my 6, 5, 6, 2, 3, 10, the son of Ninus; my 7, 5, 7, 2, 9, 10, one of the giants slain by Apollo and Diana. My whole, the favourite of Apollo, who accidentally killed him with a quoit. J. J. GoRvoN.
A QUARTETT OF SHAKES- PEAREAN PUZZLES. I.--REBUS. THE initials read downwards and finals upwards will give a line from " Hamlet." 1.-A Shakespearean play (be- headed). 2.-A character in King Lear (re- versed). 8.-A character in As You Like It. 4.-A character in Winter's Tale. 5.-A character in Midsummer Night's Dream (reversed). 6.-A character in Hamlet. 7.-A character in Measure for Measure. 8.-A character in Romeo and Juliet. 9.-A character in Troilus and Cres- sida (reversed). 10.-A character in Measure for Mea- sure (reversed). 11.-A character in Winter's Tale. 12.-A character in Merry Wives of Windsor (beheaded and re- versed). II.-REBUS. THE initials read downwards and finals upwards will give a line from "As You Like It." 1.-A character in Henry V. 2.-A character in King Lear (re- versed). 3.-A character in Comedy of Er- rors. 4.-A character in Romeo and Juliet. 5.-A character in Pericles, Prince of Tyre. 6.-A character in Othello. 7.-A character in Merry Wives of Windsor (reversed). 8.-A character in King Lear. 9.-A character in Midsummer Night's Dream (reversed).
III.-CHAERADE. IF ever you chance to meet with my first, My second you'll have wish'd you had; In the pages of Shakespeare my whole may be found, A knight always merry and glad. IV.-CHARADE. MY first you surely must have heard Is always found within my second; About the next-that is my third- An interjection it is reckoned. My whole, one of three brothers; but in sooth, Although ill treated, yet a valiant youth. J. W. BEAUMONT.
RIDDLES. 1. WHY are policemen stronger than Samson ? 2. Why are dunces like the binding to some books ? 3. If this century is the age of railways, what was last century ? 4. What is worse than to be thrashed soundly ? 5. Why is a bullet which has slightly wounded an ass like that animal when he has had his dinner ? 6. Why is a lady riding in a small carriage like a witch cracking nuts ? 7. Which is the most inviting pro- montory in Scotland ? 8. When are ships like Kicg David ? 9. What guns in the army have been stolen ? 10. Why are carpenters most potent adversaries ? 11. What would be the first thing which a man charged with theft woull be put in ? D. E. H.