CHARADES, REBUSES, &c.
We shall be glad to receive answers to our Charades. No correspondence on any other subject must appear on the same paper.
CHARADES. I. WHAT is it like ? My first at night Will cause such shouts of wild delight When it is by my second seen Who in a shower of rain has been. My first and second, now combined, A public servant you will find. II. A LITTLE girl, with needlework in hand, Close by her mistress once took her stand :- "' Please, ma'am, my second cannot do my first, So my second does for information thirst." Though strange, 't is true, upon my word, My whole is only just one-half my third. J. J. G.. III. As my first goes rattling through the streets it produces my second. My whole is an ecclesiastical title. J. J. G. Iv. I ASKED fair Nell to be my wife- My heart had nearly burst- When off she swept, in high disdain, With looks that were my first. Then, through the night, I 'gan go home- Unsafe the road was reckoned- And vain were all my good resolves To be upon my second. My whole stole up, and with a club He struck me on the head, Of value everything he took As I lay almost dead ! RoNALD STUART. V. IN all things I exist, yet in nothing am found; I am heard in the silence, and echoed in sound; I am first in the night and last in the morn- The end of all men, yet finish in scorn. J. SEVESTRE,
VI. To gasp for breath my first doth mean; Of letters, first's my next, I ween. My next's a fav'rite fireside game- Without my last we'd have no name. My whole at Christmas-tide, with tot- t'ring feet, Causes each child a gratifying treat. W. H. HILLIER. VII. IN my first many people are lost, The French for the's my second, A. part of the body--these show A plant which once sacred was reck- oned. W. H. HILLIER. VIII. MEN oft by law must do my first To punish them for crimes accurst; My next possesses an immortal soul; And if, dear reader, you would know my whole, Yourself some morn to Newgate gaol betake, You'll see a sight to make your kind heart ache. The duty of my whole's to do my first To men who are of all mankind the worst. W. H. HILLIER. IX. FRox my first many puddings are made; A diminutive insect's my second; My whole gains his bread by the spade; A person important he's reckoned. W. H. HILLIER. MY first is kept in my second, and my whole is what my first is kept in. W. H. PRATT. XI. MY first is an animal, my second is an animal, and my whole is an animal. W. H. PRATT.
XII. IN my first you have an animal of the canine species; A garment is my second when it is torn in pieces; My whole is always found upon the bosom of the sea, Or by changing one small letter a fruit it then will be. XIII. MY first is a large animal, My second is the same ; My whole's a costly article Of which I now require the name. ANAGRAMIC REBUS. TaE initials, read downwards, will give the name of a celebrated hero and General. 1.-550 and Nurse go (a plant found in most gardens). 2.-505 and Near true (a wandering person). 3.-101 and Sore horn (A wild ani- mal). 4.-102 and No returns (an out- break). 5.-1050 and A she bar (an illiterate discourse). 6.-1550 and An ear (a magistrate). 7.-651 and U sour (something laughable). 8.-506 and Not at sea (a destruc- tion of property). 9.-1102 and Pay art (without fa- vour). Note.-The figures are formed by taking from the word those letters representing numbers, as M, for 1,000, D, 500, &c., and placing the total at the head of each line, the rest being transposed into an ordinary anagram. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. 1.-A kingdom in Germany. 2.-A river of Turkey in Asia. 3.-A savage people of Arabia and India. 4.-A most extensive empire. The initials, read downwards, will give the name of an animal ; the finals, that part of the world which it inha- bits. W. H. PnATT.
TRANSPOSITION. I AM a kingdom; curtail me, and I am not fictitious; transpose, and T become a title; curtail me again, and I am part of the body; transpose again, and I' denote a space of time; transpose once more, and I become part of a verb. W. HI. PIaTT. CONUNDRUM. My first ask a question simple and true ; My second asks who it is that can do My third, which would frighten a thieving crew, Though in a cannon it might frighten you; My whole as man-eaters we always view, When after the battle their foes they hew. RIDDLES. 1. When is a guard not a guard ? 2. What boxes are always ex-sctly like each other ? 3. When is the Queen most guarded in her speech ? 4. Why is an American bankrupt like part of a pig's head ? 5. Why are the fisheries better pre- served in Scotland than in England ? 6. Why is the story of PerkinWarbeck the longest in English history ? 7. Why is a sculptor a great idiot ? 8. Why are boys like beefsteak ? 9. When is a dentistnota dentist? 10. What men and books are most sought after in an election ? 11. Why is an astronomer like a man going up to bed? 12. Who was the wisest of Henry VIII.'s wives ? D. E. H.