CHARADES, REBUSES, &c.
CHARADES. I. LoNG ago there was a famine- Of water there was none; I possess'd one carthen jar-ful, Which held enough for one. There came a wayworn wand'rer, A-begging at my door; He had had nought to eat or drink, And fell down on the floor. I could not deny his earnest prayer, So went up to my whole. I took my first, and fill'd it Of water quite brim-full; The weary pilgrim ate and drank, Sitting at my second. And, ever since that generous act, Hospitable I'm reckon'd. II. OnI! my first is base and my first is low ; A traitor my first is (I tell you so). Hair, teeth, and complexion my first may be; And if 1 say wrong, then any first is me. My second's a cov'ring for baby's head ; for woman's or monk's also, it is said. An admiral great my second is too- 'Tis never my first except join'd thereto. My whole is my first, and my first's my whole It tends to the ruin of mind and soul. III. Ilh first is an article; what to, you think ?
My second's in want of something to drink. My third is my first; but differently dress'd ; My whole was once clothed in pontifical vest. IV. WTOULD you ride in my carriage ? Then pay me my first And then from my second Lay claim for your thirst. AMy whole is the fountain for many a tear; The Lethe of hope; the foundation of fear. MI" first is what you hope some day to be: My second is a town upon the Dee MIy whole's a town in something good, you see. VI. 3M1 first is used with a negative verb; My second is a substance smooth as glass- About it, last winter, you must have heard, Or seen the skaters, as swiftly they shot past. My whole proclaims that I am not ice; I am seen everywhere, in the highest place; I neither creep on the earth, like mice; Nor follow the eagle in his headlong race.
VII. MY first is a kind of shot used in war; My second our ancestors knew full well; But now they strike the trembling harp no more, Nor the brave deeds of our ancestors tell. My third says that the Prussians my whole did On purpose, premeditatively, their cnemies to scare away; But the brave Norsmen still defiance bid, And pray'd that for their slaughter'd children the foe might pay. PUZZLE. TIHE following to be translated and answered. Kbcuew gsfhkl mg ovzijtdpiryg. Kbscrva ce i rapgthg bwek, mkyawl ea c pkxvatkhj btegtea cbgkosg, mayflknl tbok etva fbl ce gkab eb sya btpjyavb pkuctbg. RIDDLES. 1. WHY is the letter "t" more at- tractive than the rest ? 2. If the top of a room were to get angry, why would it be like something which is used to stick down letters ? 3. When is a soldier allowed to have fruit ? 4. What two counties in England ex- press the end of the hunting season ? DECAPITATIONS. I. Tnx benefits of my whole the horse knows full well, Without.me he'd be like a snail without a shell.
Cut off my head and I have as many legs as the horse, And to sit down to me with three would make you cross. Behead me, and if I like (mind, I have the power) To sit down, to talk and eat for many an hour. Cut off two letters, and the French I form Of one of these three words, "In, the, storm." Now, if from me you will take the French word, In tales of murders I am often heard; But, if once more you will be kind enough to take And reverse me, the cricketer's weapon ,I make. II. My first is what anything might cost, I am the money which is given when anything you buy. My second's a grain which Crusoe lost, I will tell you (there's a chance!) it's neither barley, wheat, nor rye. Behead me, and I am water there is no doubt, Though our friend could not water his corn with me. Now, if you will be kind, and one letter cut out, I form a French demonstrative pro- noun, you see. Now, if from me you'll take the sea, You will behold the letter e. ENIGMA. I'M found in an anagram, though not in a puzzle; I'm found in a cannon, though not in a muzzle. I'm found in a groat, though I'm not found in money ; I'm found in a rabbit, though not ina bunney. I'm found in a blade, though not in a knife ; PIm found in war, though I'm not found in strife. I'm found in a cabbage, though not i greens I'm found in a table well loaded wi!h beans.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUSES. A river in England. A province of France. One of the governments of Western Russia. A province of Ireland. A port of Turkey in Asia. A town of Norfolk. And a river in England. The initials, read forwards, will give a beautiful and prosperous country; and the finals, read backwards, its national emblem. II. A town of England with a univer- sity. A town of Swabia, in Germany. A large island in the Arctic Ocean. A canton of Switzerland. A town of Nubia. A large town of Turkey in Europe. A province of I-Iolland. A large town of Brazil, with a very fine harbour. A town of France, in Gascony. A Colombian republic in South Amlerica. A province of 'Spain. A river in England, on which stands a large manufacturing town. A river in South America. One of the states of La Plata. A large river in England. A Russian port. One of the independent states of Hindostan. A large river in Asia (the last letter to be cut off). A town of Meath, in Ireland. A town of Further India, in Bir- mah. And a naval port of England. The initials, read forwards, will give tle name of a great Roman historian, s0! ppsed to have been born in the rei n Otf ero; the finals, read backwvars,
will bring to view the name of a cele- brated English author, who was born in Devonshire in the latter half of the 18th century. III. One of the Comoro Islands of Africa. A port of Belgium. A town of England. A province of France. A state of La Plata. A town of Hindostan. A division of the Barbary States. A river of Africa. A river of Asia. An island of America, in the Pacific. One of the United States of America. A port of Austria. A river of England. The initials will give the name of ai Irish author who flourished in the latter half of the 17th century and the first half of the 18th century; the finals, if read in the same order as the initials (downwards), will give the name of a celebrated English poet. IV. A colour. A river of America. To tear. A town in Scotland. A town in England. To adorn. A girl's name. A healthy exercise. A weight. A town in Scotland. The initials, read downwards, give'Ia celebrated admiral; and the finals, a town which he bombarded.
A French aeronaut. A country of Europe. An animal. A short poem. A girl's name. A bird. The initials, read downwards, give a celebrated naval commander; and the finals, a celebrated military commander. vI. A town in Scotland. A loch or glen in Scotland. A river in Scotland, reversed. A town and castle in Scotland. A town in Scotland, reversed. A lock in Scotland. The initials of the above form one of ,he principal towns in Scotland; the finals, read upwards, its chief manufac- ture. VII. A town in Russia. A town in Palestine. An island in the West Indies, cur- tailed. A town in China. A lake in Italy. A town in Bohemia. A town in Asiatic Russia. A peninsula in North America. The initials and finals read down- wards, name two sovereigns of Europe. REBUS. MY first is a difficult place to get through My second relates to the east;
A doctor next find of the race of the Jew, Where daily we hold a feast. Whoever in friendship sweet sholdd dwell; What to do if resistance is vain: A fape which of sorrow and pain doth tell! My next is a province of Spain. A bird taken out from the nest is my last. And now, having heard me through, The initials, read forwards, will give the name Of a poet well known to you; The finals, read backwards, an author of fame Will surely bring to view. ENGLISH TOWNS, ANAGRIAMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. Clean rats. 2. No mat dies. 3. Mister Kindred. 4. Ned, drums ain't busy. 5. I, a hog, rob guns. 6. Dear gin. 7. Tom, push a ton. S. Busy rails. 9. No rest, lads. TOWNS OF SCOTLANI). IANAGRAMATICALLY EXPEESSED. 1. Run bad Tom. 2. Torn some. 3. End us. 4. A sly pie. 5. Hot rays. 6. Fried sum. 7. Bird-gun, ch ? 8. Been, dear? 9. Tom R. Cray.