CHARADES, REBUSES, ACROSTICS, &c.
CHARADES. I. My first to the cricketer's bound. My second's a root and a weed. My whole is a thing to be found WVhcre horses are bred for their speed. II. My first is a very common animal; my second is a much-used article; my third is an article of every-day use; my whole is a vault. III. I am a word of ten letters : 1. My 7, 5, 10, 2, 3, 6, is a case for relies. 2. My 5, 9, 3, is a bird. 3. My 4, 5 9, 7, 8, is a part of the body. 4. My 4, 5, 9, 7, 7, is a game. 5. My 1, 2, 3, 9, is a beverage. 6. My 4, 5, 2, 3, is a part of the body. 7. My 1, 5, 9, 8, is to sharpen. 8. My 7, 8, 6, 9, 10, is to guide. 9. My 4, 5, 9, 7, 8, 6, 10, is a town in England. 10. My 1, 5, 2, 4, 5, is a pronoun. And my whole is a town in England. IV. Required, a word of seven letters and three syllables, which reads the same backwards as forwards.
V. My first is mighty on the earth, Mly second poor and low; My whole flits like a rainbow gleam, Where drooping willows grow. VI. I am a word of nine letters: 1. My 8, 7, 5, 4, is a chance of danger. 2. My 5, 6, 7, 3, 9, a division of land. 3. MN[y 6, 2, 8, 5, 10, a quadruped. 4. My 4, 7, 5, 5, a kind of salute. 5. My 3, 7, 5, 9, to ascend. 6. My 1, 2, 8, 4, a town in England. 7. My 6, 7, 3, 9, wages. 8. My 3, 2, 5, 1, like a rose. 9. Mly 1, 2, 8, 9, is of old time. And my whole is the name of a large tract of land. A REBUS FOR LINGUISTS. 1. A TnoPICAL fruit often mentioned in Scripture. 2. The queen of flowers. 3. A mistake. 4. A quack medicine. 5. A girl's name. 6. A harbour. My initials and my finals read down- wards will name two of the most universally spoken foreign languages.
REBUSES. I. My first, the place where died King John. My second, The rose's sweetest attribute is reck- oned. The carter stays his horses with my third; My fourth's a bush that shelters many a bird. My fifth and sixth are vegetable dirt, Much used by mortals to their bodies' hurt. My seventh and eighth are birds; my ninth, and eke My tenth, are plants that humid places seek. 'i My next means "nostrils" in th' Italian tongue; My twelfth's as sweet a bird as ever sung. To do my next, we all my fourteenth are; My next is round, and my sixteenth is far. To find my next, from Rome's chief priest remove A little seed; my eighteenth now will prove A final resolution ; and my nine- Teenth potent spirit is, though not di- vine. My twentieth! thou art a German word; My twenty-first, a famed Egyptianbird. Mytwenty-second, rightly read, affords Success to him who puzzles o'er these words. Frorih a young fox an insect take away, 'Twill give my twenty-third ; and now, Ipray, Think of a town in Portugal ; an inn Reversed; an instrument that makes a din; A pronoun personal in Latin; and An iron spike ; a weed that on the sand Of the sea-shore is found; then think of me, And where I was as I came o'er the sea. Now read th' initials in their order down, 'The finals upwards, and I think you'll . own Two lines are seen, exactly word for word, From Shakespeare's play of King Ri- chard thle Third. The initials read downwards, and finals upwards, give two consecutive lines from Shakespeare's Richard III.
II. 1. A contest. 2. A quarter of the globe. 3. A sort of vase. 4. A reptile. 5. A bricklayer's implement. 6. A Spanish river. 7. A German town. 8. A gentleman. 9. A fish. 10. A fish. 11. A conjunction. 12. The parent of paper. 13. An appellation. The initials and finals give the name of a celebrated firm. AACDEI-IR (RRPYTCOGPHA). Bz sianh hdwoarn rtnhajghide Rdhr- viut o gtmficv gocr, ltnhadzicv gjboc-mist ocr ftogt, I. t. wgtc fadftamz bocctr. Bz wgdmt wgiqg in bz ntqdcr On bz sianh 'n qdmmtovit rdhg ohhter PjIh cdh omdet, ili gon plnirtn O utaz fdwtasjm saitcr. DECAPITATION. Read forward I am the name "of a well-knowil author; decapitate me, I am a Latin word signifying wing; de- capitate me again, Iam a French defi- nite article; once more decapitated, I am a Latin preposition and an English indefinite article The same word back- ward is an English interjection of sorrow. Decapitated, I am a French word meaning tired; again decapitated, an English conjunction. RIDDLES. 1. If the cook at the Eel-pie Island hotel (Twickenham) fell ill, and sent for the doctor, who made her well, what was the difference between the cook and the doctor ? 2. Why was Marmion at the hostelry like a Frenchman afflicted with Anglo- phobia ?
TOWNS IN ENGLAND ANAGRA- MATICALLY EXPRESSED. Nd red cats. All cries. If she fled. Crows tree. Plover oil. Note. TOWNS IN SCOTLAND ANA- GRAMATICALLY EXPRESSED. Brig O'Laurie. Milton ha. Or thus. A stony row. A nob. Run bad tom. I'l string. Dales saw. Snap no rest. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. I. 1. A name that's found in Bible story old. 2. A queen, whose virtuous deeds are often told. 3. A coin that's found in foreign parts. 4. A thing that's used in healing arts. 5. A thing that makes the heart of woman glad, And oftentimes does cheer its dear old dad. In my initials you will find a hero ; In my finals you will find his dear-o ! II. 1. With one stroke of me beasts prey do kill, But first they must keep very still. 2. A negro superstition dark and dread, Which takes some off to their last bed. 3. I a great river cause to overflow, If I come not it is a dreadful blow. 4. I'm oftentoldin chimney corner old, And sometimes I make people's blood run cold. My first by mariners is much used, MIy second by mankind is oft abused.
III. 1. A word that's often on men's lips, When news they get from distant ships. 2. Some mountains on the Syrian coast, Of which the people make their boast. 3. A beast that's oft on commons found; When gone astray,'tis put in pound. 4. A thing which oft delays our acts, When we uncertain feel of facts. 5. A king who felt the dews of heaven, And to the woods and fields was driven. 6. The time when men sit down to dine, And eat and talk, and drink their wine. 7. A fish that's found in sunny clime, 'Tis very nice at breakfast-time. 8. A sage who had a scolding wife, And who by poison lost his life. lMy first is shown by little boys When they are eating tarts. Alas! my second blights their joys, When lessons wring their hearts. IV. 1. Wh'len bedtime comes, I'm seen on head, And oft am used in river-bed. 2. Secrets to a tyrant king I did dis- close; lMy makers did he kill with cruel blows. 3. A wall to stop us once was made; So it is in olden history said. 4. I have a jewel in my head, And oft am seen in garden bed. 5. In paintings am I often seen, And foreign skies of bluest sheen. 6. Near this town a deed was done Which while the world lasts shall be sung. 7. In slimy pools I'm to be seen, In patches dark of filthy green. When ships have crossed the Line, Fierce gambols do I lead In pictures am I seen in shell, And drawn by fiery steed. My first does in his hand me hold, And pricks up mermen whentoo bold.
V. 1. A beauteous nymph in foreign clime, Who lived in grcat Diana's time. 2. In many churches was I seen, Where blows did fall both thick and keen. 3. From our own town we once were driven; In many a battle have we striven. 4. AtowninFrance scorned England's sway, I never heard of till to-day. 5. A bird which did in olden time Catch larger birds in English clime. On little boys I'm often used, WVhen learning is by them abused. In Turkey's land I'm often seen; Blows on men's soles fall fast and keen. VI. 1. I was with wife and children dear, BanishedtoSiberia, bleakand drear. 2. A beauteous maid her tongue did lose; E'en in our days too "much their tongues they use. 3. A town is near a river shown, And there the citron tree is grown. 4. I'm often used by creatures dirty; When eaten, they make people thirsty. 5. A statue once was asked to come to me; The servant wished he wasn't there to see. 6. In fighting with my foes a wound I did receive; For me my kindred long did grieve. 7. In southern lands I oft have been, And followed by a wind that's cold and keen. on, 7. In desert lands in gusts I'm seen; And people buried in the sands have been. An ancient king who was by tempests test, And many of his comrades had he lost. lMy first for seven long years by me was captive led, And Idid reign in island on the ocean bed.
VII. 1. I was, with wife and children dear, Banished to Siberia, bleak and drear. 2. A flower whose name we all can tell; On its grace and beauty could I dwell. 3. An animal that comes from Tartary, they say; 1y final oft is spelled with letter 4. I'm often named with great delight ]By sailors when in dreadful plight. 5. By wicked men I'm oft abused ; And in their work by ladies used. 6. Sometimes in my nose a ring has been, And thick lips possess of blackest shecn. 7. On festive board I'm seen to smoke; Living, in the ground my nose did poke. on, 7. At Ceres' shrine, in olden days, nmy life I yielded to the sacrificial knife. An ancientkingthe sea-shore ploughed, And was with many a grief oft bowed. My second once did five men cat; I hope to his palate they did taste sweet. YIII. 1. A term that's used by blacks in India's lands; They bring up to their heads out- stretched hands. 2. A sound that's used by men and women both, When they to rise from bed are very loth. 3. An isle with many mountains old and hoary, Ruled by a king mentioned in an- cient story. 4. A word used by mammas to chil- dren dear; Sometimes to lookers-on 'tis not so very clear. A thin- that's often on the ocean test, And often on the cruel breakers lost. To my first my second passengers con- veys; When the last one leaves, my first the anchor weighs.
IX. 1. Now the sun his: highest course doth make, And sailors on board ship their lon- gitude do take. 2. Christians killed in me have been, Now men who fight with bulls are seen, OR, In our days bulls in me are seen. 3. A castle perched upon a rocky steep; A tale that in our memory does sink deep. 4. I oft the vital cord do cut, 'tis said; A flower that's often found in marshy bed. 5. A nymph in ancient book, 'tis told, Pined for the love of handsome youth and bold. 6. On battle-fields I'm often found, ]By soldiers left upon the ground. A famous hero, fought in India's land : He and his brothers formed a gallant band. Another hero, famed for naval deeds, In fighting for his country's honour, bleeds. 1. From creatures black I oft am heard ; Sometimes their cries are quite absurd. 2. A chieftain, sung in poet's lay, Turned into an opera, they say. 3. Horses eat me when they've been driven ; In northern land to people I am given. 4. A Saxon of old time, in story wrought, Who by his fool from cruel death was brought. 5. A famous man in Germany was born, Whose paintings now the walls at Kensington adorn. In dwellings doI mark the rapid flight of time, And in church steeples I the hours do chime. From prince's pocket was I one day torn, Now I the waistcoat of some thief adorn.
XI. 1. An animal that's seen by mgut, Which goes to sleep when it is light. 2. A town that's in a western clime, Where blackies chat away the time. 3. A place in which a- college can be seen, And where a Roman prelate once had been. 4. I'm often by brave seamen asked When strength has been severely tasked. 5. In Shakespeare's plays my name's oft used, And I by merry man was much abused. I'm used by little shoeblacks neat and clean, Who polish shoes and boots to black. est sheen. I'm used by bathers in the limpid pool, When they come out from it re- freshed and cool. xlr. 1. One who was watched by many eyes, Which caused her oft-repeated sighs. 2. In tiny glasses people do me take; A little is enough men's thirst to slake. 3. In me do children take delight. At fairs I am an oft-told sight. 4. I lift up weights from off the ground; My books cause laughter's merry sound. 5. A maiden by her father's order bound, And she, soon after, her dear brother found. 6. A siege where many gained their death, A cruel prince gave up his breath. A gallant hero, who from day to day A city ruled, and kept his foes at bay. I cruel foes did rout with sword in hand, From death did save my brave first's gallant band.