CHARADES, REBUSES, &c.
CHARADES. I. MY first is an art to ladies well known, A womanly occupation; My second was formed by the avarice of man For his treasure's preservation, My whole was a deadly foe to the life Of one of the ancient sages, As you will find if you deign to search The history of bygone ages; But if you don't like so much trouble to take, Go, look in the neighbouring hedges. II. My first is the name of a cane Which often causes children pain, My second is a French Marshal's name, And my whole is an English Admiral of fame. III. My second was seated in a room, My first he held in his hand, iHe had come from afar off in my third, And my whole he did understand. Iv. Of the contents of my whole, my first forms a part, And often is placed on my second, Although in my whole there's but little art, A useful article 'tis reckoned. V. A small insect, A word meaning a border, The whole a town in Ireland.
VI. My first is a metal, My second is an artizan, My whole is a workman. VII. My second is made out of my first, And my whole is a town in Suffolk. VIII. My first is a bird which is often found in my second, And my whole is a seaport in Wales. IX. My first is the plural of a very common animal, And my second is found in most fields, My whole is a place in Kent. X. My first is a man's name, My second is a part of the body, My whole is a town in the north of Scotland. XI. My first iz favour's always found, And ever will maintain its ground; My second, though it is no toy, In favour is with girl and boy; My third with great part of mankind In favour is, as you will find; My whole in favour is with all, Both rich and poor, both great and small. XII. My second belongs to my first, My whole is a verb of diminution.
XIII. Round and round and round we go, Sometimes above ground, and sometimes below; Behead and then with an up and a down, We take our way from town to town; Behead again, with zigzag action, We speed along to our satisfaction. XIV. My first is a part of the body; My second is a river of Europe; My third is a vessel; My fourth is a neuter verb; My fifth is a personal pronoun; And my whole is an animal. Xv. I am composed of twelve letters; My 1, 5, 11, 8, 9, is the goddess of Agriculture; ly 5, 2, 8, 1, 4, 11, 12, is a daughter of Agamemnon who instigated Orestes to revenge their father's death, on their mother and her adulterer .Egis- thus; i M1y 9,12, 10, 3, 11, 9, are attendants on Bacchus; MIy 12, 10 2, 12, 9, is a king of Mau- ritania; 31y9, 8, 7, 4, 12, is a goddess of married women; M1y 12, 4, 2, 12, 7, 10. 8, 9, a savage peoplewho occupied Ethiopia; My 9,5,2,12, is a goddess of corn; My 12, , 1, 6, 8, 7, 12, was the wife of Amphitryon; v 9, 3, 11, 5j7, 9, are sea monsters; Aid my 9, 10, 12, 4, 12, is the goddess of grown persons vwl'vhole is the daughter of Jupiter and Leda. XVI. Iam composed of twenty letters; 2,11, 4 18, 19, 20, 5, 10, 20, and 6, 5, 6,1, 3 2, 'and 20, 1, 18, 16, 5, 17, 12, 19, and 14, 8, 15, 17, 20, 9, 2, 10, 18, are four celebrated orators; )v 13,3 5, 4, 18, 11, 15, 9, 7, 3, 18, is hat three of those orators are celebrated for, in addition to their 1Oratory MYt whole is a fashionable resort in London.
REBUSES. I. 1. A town in Persia. 2. One of the Sandwich Islands. 3. A well known and much used article. 4. An English town. 5. The Goddess of Industry. 6. A State of America. 7. A town in Austria. 8. The Goddess of Funeral Songs. 9. A small worm. 10. A river in South America. 11. A palace in France. 12. A town in Northern Africa. 13. A name of the sun. 14. The Muse of love poetry. 15. A Roman historian. 16. A seaport of England. 17. A town in Italy. 18. A companion of Cadmus. 19. The capital of Virginia. The initials and finals will name two celebrated plays. II. A canton of Switzerland. A large town and port of Russia. A county of Scotland. A. town of Germany, in the Grand Duchy of Hesse. A county of South America. A town of Holland. One of the chief manufacturing towns of Persia. A mountain of Asia, one of the highest in the world. An island in the Mediterranean. The initials read downwards will give the name of a brave and distinguished English General; the finals read in the same order the scene of his latest vic- tories. III. The name by which a peasant in the olden time was known ; A speech in which both fluency and eloquence are shown; A bird that warbles sweetly and cheers us in the night; What all deserve and ought to get for doing what is right; The south-east or the Syrian wind will next be very clear, And then a noun which does express an insult or a jeer; A word that oft in former years for Christmas time was used;
A person who's devoid of sense and some- times much abused. Now kindly glance on Europe's map and find a town of Spain, Then the reverse of spiritual I'm certain will be plain; A man who for his bravery has gained the highest place. A Latin personal pronoun next meets you face to face, A noble feast where daintily both you and Imight fare; What mortals all are apt to do in happi- ness or care ; A man uncouth and barbarous, uncivil- ized, untaught. Now find a Russian Government, and quickly too you ought. A word which means to plunder, to thieve or to deprive; Proud people all possess my next, and by it often thrive. Succeeding that a Latin noun which signifies a stone, A mountain of the Andes and a high one too you'll own; An instrument garotters fear, of punish- ment a giver. Now for the last word please to find an Asiatic river ; The initials and the finals the latter backwards read, Will givetwo goldenmaxims,-but stop! enough I've said. Iv. My 1, 2, 3. 4, 10, 8, a Roman Matron of the family of Plautii. My 4 6 2, 9, 1, 10, 11, a son of Jupiter and Tellus. My 3, 10, 7, 4, 10, 4, the son of Pcrscus and Andromeda. My 5, 4, 5, 4, is a celebrated deity of the Egyptians, daughter of Saturn and Rhea. My whole, awordcompriscd of 11 letters, is the name of a Phenician who wrote a history of his country in the Pheni- cian language. This history was saved from the flames of Carthage when that city was taken by Scipio, and translated into Greek. V. A town of Leinster, Ireland. An island in the Grecian Archipelago, C An island in the Baltic Sea. A large seaport of Arabia. A handsome city and fortress in Hin- dostan.
A commercial town and seaport in Old Castile. A large river of Eastern Asia. A town in Merionethshire. A town in Lorraine on the Moselle. A country in the West of Hindostan. A fine province of China. A trading town in the East of Prussia. A town in Staffordshire. The initials, read downwards, give the name of a celebrated English Arch- bishop, the finals read downwards the name of a celebrated English Navigator, Author, and Courtier. TRANSPOSITION A lady's name you'll find I'm, And letters six containing; My head and tail cut off and I'm A feminine name remaining. Though treated thus I am yet To lose my tail still fated, But a lady's name I will remain, Though much I'm mutilated. WORD SQUARES. My first is an island: My second is offspring or progeny. My third means to conduct. My fourth is a whirlpool. ANAGRAMS. MEI OF TEII rAST. 1. Dreg, he felt a rat. 2. The cask at Mocb. 3. I will tax a Mone. 4. Draw a noisy cell. 5. Scrape ham born rich. 6. P. R. treacle bin. ENGLISII TOWNS. 1. Mother Vanplow. 2. N. Chain Trees. 3. Grouse celt. E 65 RIDDLE. What townof Antwcrp would express one man telling another to move outof his place?