Chrf 5tmalý 1 Rf13res.
Why are soldiers more tired on the 1st of April than on other days in the year ?-Because they have gone through a March of thirty-one days. When does an alderman go upon four legs ?- When he becomes a mare (mayor). Why does a cat, wheneating, turn her head first one way and then another ?-Because she cannot turn it both ways at once. Why is it impossible that there should be one best horse on a racecourse ?-Because you will always find a better there. Why cannot a woman become a successful lawyer ?-Because she is too fond of giving her opinion without being paid for it. Why are cowardly soldiers like butter ?-Be- cause when exposed to fire, they run. Why is a hare, run to death, a very bold animal ?-Because he always dies game. Why should a strict Sabbatarian dislike a rough sea on Sunday ?-Because it makes Sabbath breakers. Why is a kiss like rumour ?-Because it goes from mouth to mouth. What letter of the alphabet reminds one of China ?-T. When does a lock get ripe enough to pick!- As soon as the spring opens, of course. When may we think a woman is past recovery? -When she is speechless. What was the most honest bet ever made?- The alpha-bet. Why is a very popular actor like an architect ? --Because he draws houses. Why is love like the British army ?-Because it overcomes all obstacles. When is a lamp in a bad temper?-When it's put out, of course. Why is the letter L like giving away a sweet- heart ?-Because it makes over a lover. Why is i the happiest of vowels ?-Because it is in the midst of bliss. When is wine like tobacco ?-When it is in a a pipe. When is a wall like a fish ?-When it is scaled. Why is the letter U the gayest in the alpha- bet ?-Because it is always in fun. Why is fashionable society like a warming-pan ? -Because it is highly polished, but very hollow. When is a pigeon like a vessel of glass ?-When it's a tumbler. Why are four times five like an ale-house bill ? -Because it is a score. Suppose a person carrying a dozen cut-glass lamps should drop one, what does he become ?- A lamp-lighter. Who are they that feel most for their friends? -The blind. Why is a vine like a volunteer ?--Because it is trained, dressed, has ten-drils; and shoots. What is the greatest instance of cannibalism on reccrd ?-When a rash man ate a rasher. Why is the treadmill like a true convert ?- Because its turning is the result of conviction. What relation is that child to its father, that iu not its father's own son ?-His daughter. Why is a railway train like a vision of the night ?-Because it goes over the sleepers. Why is the dome of St. Paul's like a mantel.- piece?-Because it rests over the ashes of the great (grate). Why is a beggar like a barrister ?-Because he pleads.