gda^ÉÉééj 102. DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
As sisters we are, and as sisters we'll stay, Let malcontents strive and declaim as they may. 1. An ancient seer who died a violent death ; 2. Nor past, nor present, nor the future this ; 3. " A ring, a circle," so old Johnson saith ; ■i. An adjective that well defines a kiss ; 5. The place of a despotic potentate's gudda, * Where the devotees dwell, and the high priests of Buddha ; 6. Feon, felt, or talked of, not а single thing, Eut 'neath tin's designation you may bring ; 7. Man's fall was great which cost him Edeu's bliss, But oh ! how great 'tis when he sinks to this. * A throne. G. F. Long. riCTORIAL REBUS. wMMmM t^A^WÍ» I
103. DIAMOND PUZZLE. The end of war, a joke, α coxcomb, armour for the legs, to overpower, a capital story, without η name, t practise juggling trhks, а hired murderer, part of a play, the head of a king. Centrals read down and across name α " Β. Η " story. Ernest George Lövell. 104. CHARADES. 1. My tretie a colour; my second is to wager"; aud my ivbole is a delicious fruit. 2. Шу first is а relation ; my second is used for catch¬ ing fish j anil my irfiolc is a short poem. 8. Mj first is modern ; ray seconel is a fortified houSe ; nnd my icholc is a town in tho North of England. F. W. Codham. PICTORIAL REBUS. 105. ENIGMA. I went to my wľioľc nnd told my tale, Alas ! my sorrow did not avail ! But my «hole had said to my first he'd come, Accordingly he to my house camo home. We told him my suconel ou Christmas night, Gomes fourth nnd keeps us in α dreadful fright. My whole lay in wait for a week or twaiu, And lived at my ,/irst, but never again Did my second appear, he my dwelling forsook, And so did my WAOle, who went off with the cook. Matthew Yocao, JuNii.
" e n u l , k g s d PICTORIAL REBUS. 106. CHARADE. Pat Sheerin was foolish, no fault to the Ind, For a snug little primal, a weakness he had ; Then added to that he was fond of α lass, And love was his life when he'd " taken a glass." At i lie primal one even poor Paddy got " tight," And, "Hurroo! Paddy whack!" sın e he " wanted a light ·," He declared, for α second, ho sighed from his heart, He was " cock of the walk," and could " take his own part." Some " broth of η boy " shouted 7ic " was α Burke," And could make of this Sheerin somo "pnrty nice work !" Poor Paddy was beaten anel battered that day, Till at length on a total they bore him away. Ella H. J. Hargon. Answers to the above will appear in No. 46.