_ 0llcEYZ a ~ ~gxiu;
0,* ORIGINAL CONTtIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to hare been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Pauzle will be accepted unless the Solutwons are pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FUILL answers sent with them. 648. I am a river of Europe ; transposed I am an animal; behead me, I am used for food; behead onceomore, and I am a preposition. W. GIBSON. 649. A water fowl, a large body of salt water. To make a loud noise, a conjunction. A vehiole,, to spoil, at that time. Sacred, a part of the body. A person's name, a proposition. A man of dress, to spoil, a part of the verb to be. A cavern, large, a consonent, A vehicle, to delve, an article. Recent, a township. A consonant, Latin word for king,. kind of meat. Sacred, a pit of water. The inhabitants of Wales, a small collection of water.- Welsh towns enigmatically expressed. T. B. DAVIES. 650. A lake in Switzerland; a country in Africa; an island on the coast of Australia; a trifle ; a vowel; a kind of vessel; a town in Japan; a country in Asia ; a town in Central America. The centrals read downwards will name a character in Jack Harkaway at Oxford. T. B. DAVIES. 651. A strait in the Mediterranean sea; an island on the coast of Africa; a town in France; one of the Tenasserim pro- I vinces; a consonant ; a small river in Europe; a country in Africa ; a city in the United States ; a town in llol- land. The centrals read downwards will name a character in The Young Crusader. T. B. DAVIES. 652. Whole I am a soft substance in bones; change my head and I am a town in England; again, and I am a litter of pigs; again, and I am of little breadth ; again, I am a hand carriage; again, I am a small town in England; leave me without a head, I am a kind of weapon. T. B. DAVIES. 653. A consonant ; a river in Scotland; a province in Fur- ther India ; an island in the Mediterranean Sea; an island in the West Indies; a town in India; my whole; a con- tempt of God ; a town in Devon; a town in France; a country in Africa ; the goddess of revenge; a consonant. The centrals read downwards and across will name one of the United Stares. T. B. DAVIES. 654. A kind of monkey; a colour; did eat; a British pose cession; a combustible material; a murmur; a number; a fruit; a girl's name. The centrals name a combustible material. A. W. ROBINsoN. 655. I am composed of 9 letters. My 2, 3, 4 is a spirit; my 5, 6, 7, 4, 9 is to reckon; my ' 8,1,4, 9 is to rave; ny 9, 3, 4 is a metal; my 9, 6, 4 is a weight, and my whole is one of the greatest English victories. A. W. RoBINsoN. 656. A serpent; a boy's name; a title; a boy's name; a famous author; a eurse; a town in England. The centrals, if read down aright, will name a well-known flower. R. CROSSLEY. 657. If yon a poet deprive of a head. Some pitchers you'll have instead. R. CROSSLEY. 658. For fiy first, a part of the compass prepare; A river in Ireland is my second; And now the two combine with care, A town in England, I am reckoned. I. CROSSLEY. 659. A town in America; a spirit ; a town 'in Scotland; a girl's name (curtailed); a fly trap; farewell; vessels, The initals and filnle read down, will name a vehicle. R. CROSSLEY. 668. If you a foreign coin twice behead, An animal you will have instead. R. CROSSLEY, 661. 106 and poore An English town. 1100 ,, e seer e An English town. 1501 ,, near wean r An English lake. 1000 ,, wear A boy's name. 551 S-h shouts An English town. The initials and finals.name two English, towns. R. CROBSUEY. 602. 151 ,, pea A fish. 1 ,, wager An insect. 100 ,, hare A.fish. 200 ,, kole A shell fish. .1100 ,, Hoak A fish. The initials read downwards name a fish. R. OnossLUT.
663. A mountain in England; a fowl; a fish; a river in England; a bird-; an insect; a flower. The central letters, if read down, will name a painter. R. CROSSLEY. 664. I consist of 4 words, 18 letters. My 8, 7, 6 is a weapon ; my 14, 5,1 is a child's bed; my 2, 17, 7, 10, 4 is a boy's name; my 18, 9, 12, 15 is an animal that lives in the water; my.18, 3, 17, 1 are mem- bers of the body ; my 7, 5, 12, 17 is also a member of the body, and my whole is a splendid tale in the BOY8 OF ENGLAND. 665. The wife of Menelaus; a river in the United States of America; one of Shakespeare's plays; a harbour be- tween the Isle of Wight and Hampshire; a town on the Ganges; a town in Sweden; a word meaning to dress. The finals read downwards, and the initials upwards, will name two of Her Majesty's ships of war. 666. My first is in comb, but not in hair; My second is in lion, but not in bear; My third is in horse, but not in cart ; My fourth is in cook, but not in tart; .My fifth is in head, but not in skull ; IMy sixth ig in Mortlake, but not in Hull ; My seventh is in indigo, but not in blue; My eighth is in mahogany, but not in yew; My ninth is in generous, but not in kind ; My tenth is in greyhound, but not in hind; My whole is a tale in the BOYS Or EnGLAND, you'll find. J. DRAIN. 667. An animal; diminutive; an ancient city; a small vessel ; anger; to march ; covered with ink; an Indian prince ; an island in the West Indies; a town in Kent.; a large animal; an English town; an astringent medi- clue; a volcano; a town in England; a student from one of our universities; in place of; an amphibious animal. The initals read down, and the finals read up, will name a splendid tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. J. C. REPWOC. GGS. The Latin for a large body of water in a natural hol- low; the god supposed to give fruitfulness to herbs; the Latin for, ' to be wont to corme;' a Greek letter intro- duced only at a late p- riod into the Latin orthography. The initials will give the name of a Latin author. F. S. PILKINGTON. 669. An island in the Indian Ocean; a tribe of the Is- raelites; a town in Champagne; a small animal; an island in the Firth of Forthl; a spice ; a county and town in1Scotland; a town in South Brabant. The initials and finals read down will give two characters in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. F. COUP___. The follow'ing have been sent by some of our American readers. 670. My first is in robin, but not in finch; My second is in mouse, but not in mice; My third is in black, but not in white ; My fourth is in roar, but not in noise; My fifth is in could, but not in can ; My sixth is in road, but not in path; My seventh is in young, but not in old; My eighth is in finger, but not in hand; My ninth is in boys, but not in girls ; And my whole is the name of a story in the BoYS OF ENGLANID. COas. H. MEEKER. 671. My first is in cake, but not in bread; My second is in zinc, but not in lead; My third is in tall, but not in long; My fourth is in chime, but not in song; My fifth is in walk, but not in run; My sixth is in lark, but not in fun; My seventh is in music, but not in rhyme; My eighth is in sound, but not in time; My ninth is in new, but not in old ; My whole was an American hunter bohl. J. G. AND E. A. WILSON. 672. A girl's name ; over; deprived of ; a preposition, mean- ing to. J. G. AND E. A. WILSON. 6713. A division; end; a yellow substance; to storm; to scatter. J. G. AND E. A. WILsoN. 674. I am composed of 17 letters and 4 words. My 1,4, 6, 15 is a measure; my 10, 8, 12, 5, 6 is a numeral; my 6, 17, 7, 3, 2. 14 is a flavour; my 12, 13, 11 is by way of ; my 3, 9, 8 is to join; my 1, 16, 3 is to place; my whole is a proverb. J. G. AND E. A. WILSON. 675. My first is in sea, but not in land; My second is in dry, but not in wet; My third is in town, but not in city; My fourth is in Alice, but not in Mary ; My fifth is in twine, but not in cord; My sixth is in joy, but not in sorrow; My seventh is in bright, but not in dull; My eighth is in part, but not in whole; My ninth is in tale, but not in story; My tenth is in true, but not in false; My eleventh is in bit, but not in whip; And my whole is the name of an editor known to almost every boy es England and America. C. H . MEEKER. 676. 1. Just President. 2. Famous Discoverer. 3. Ancient Conqueror.-Characteristic Initials. KQnR.
677. I. On a bad den. 2. Mab ate ten. 3. I beat a verb. 4. I bid on a cat. 5. A bear can die.-Anagrams. KORK. 678. A blind beggar is at the d' or. Every stitch helps to make a garment. London is the larg,:st city in the world. Time and tide wait for no roan. Ed ward saves his money. Nine is the hour for ve-pers. Take a word from each line, and make a proverb. Konx. 679. 1. Germany is governed by strict royalty. 2. I saw neither Leo nor George. 3. I do not do very much work here. 4. Near that gap I saw the snake.-Hidden towns. KoRK.