&Ufr;q fDr tII: 3uia nzn
60· ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributionfromn the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 292. Divide 186 into two parts, so that four-fifths of one is three-fourths of the other. WILLIAM GUTTERIDGE. 293. A farmer having a score of animals of different kinds to dispose of, sent them to market to be sold at the fol- lowing prices: A horse, £10; a cow, £5; a donkey, £2 10s. ; sheep, 10s. each, to the amount of £30. How many of each did he send ? WILLIAM GUTTERIIDGE. 294. My first is in France, My second's in lance, My third is in diet, My fourth is in riot, My fifth's in Surrey, My sixth's in hurry, Also in Murray, Likewise in Bury. FRANK TEBBS. 295. Why is the letter S an enemy to story-relaters? FiasK TEBBS. 296. My first is ever whirling In every bay and sea; My second in all the streets Will surely always be; My whole's a famous lighthouse Not far from Plymouth Sound. FoCx. K TEBuS. 297. A river of England, if you transpose, A province in France it will di-close. FotAsK TEBBS. 298. First is found in lion ; This is a metal-'tis not iron; Next recovers treasure from the deep; This you do when in the sea you leap ; Fifth, a town of England, known both far and wide; This means to knock on, which you'll sccn decide. An overflow of water causes next 'tis true ; Now a weight, a heavy one, yu 'Ul bring to view; Last in the alphabet you'll find; To find me out now please make up your mind. The centrals read across Will name an English town, And if you read from top to toe, The same there will be found. T. WALKER, JUS. 299. This is a noted English town: A well-known kinsman here put down; In next, a small English county is seen; This is another British county. I wee ; In this is a masculine Christian name; Initials read downwards, a poet of fame Will come to view without a doubt. Now, riddler, find this puzzle out. TIrOMAS ATILNSON. 300. A floating vessel this will be; A vegetable now you'll see; A seaport town next you will view; A Chri-tian name this is, 'tis true; A water beast will now be seen; A country this will be, I ween ; A gallant nation now's in sight: An English town please now indite; A Christian name now please to scan; This forms a part of every man; In next, my sister's name will be ; A British county next you'll see; And last's what I don't wish to be. When all the names are found, a:sd in their place, Read from the top initial to the base And you will view an amuser and instructor, I bless the one who is its sole conductor. T'l'uta.I ...IhlSON. 301. My whole a cobbler's uteonsil will nmce, Used oft when lie begins to stitc'h But I know for a fact there's more names for the same, So, ingenious riddler, please tell me which. Transpose, and quickly comes to your view A subject which smuegeers don't like very well, And I trust that my.selt. forgetting not you, Will no er be tried by it, so, reader, farewell. TUO11AS ATKitNSON. 302. My first is in chicken, but not in hen; My second's in Harry, but not in lBen ; My third is in India, but not in France; My fourth is in lancers, also in dance. 3My fifth is in apple, but never in truit; My sixth is in sergeant, but not in recruit; My seventh's in dlive, but not in tree; What American city can you sco ? '.T'iluAS ATKINSO.N.
303. 500 vero; ae 500 no 1000; a 100 500 a 100; the 100 500 500 rro; no 500 goa 50.-Transposed Towns. GEo. OXFORD. 304. I am in front, and not behind; I am in good, but not in kind; I am in you, but not in view; I am in Kent, but not in Kew; I am in boat, but not in float; I am in hand, but not in wrote; I am in lord, but not in board; Also in love, but not in board; Put these letters right, and then, I trow, A favourite game with boys will show. GEO. OxkORD. 305. Betty never do that. Henry eats apples. John went sith a man. Be fell into the well and sank. Exercise your memory.--Hidden English Rivers. R. G. CROWLEY. 306. My first is a part of the face, my second is a part of the face, and my whole is a town in Scotland. R. G. CROWLEY. 307. A town in Shropshire; a city in Oxfordshire; a town in Hampshire; a town in Kent; a town in Suffolk; a town in Lancashire. The initials read downwards will name a city in England. R. G. CROWLEY. 303. My whole is a town in Italy; behead and curtail, I am a part of the human frame : transposed, I am an animal; transpose again, I am to mark or spoil. SPurrsx. 309. A town in England; a country in Asia; a boy's name; a coin; a poet; a girl's name; a flower; a bird; a sower; a seaport town-; a town in England; a boy's name; a girl's name; an animal; a country. The i:nitiala read down will name a celebrated naval com- mander. 310. A consonant: a near relation; a part of the face; a poet; a parish in Surrey; a number; a consonant. The centrals read downwards and across will name a poet of renown. SPHInI. 311. I am composed of 10 letters. My 1, 2, 6, 5 signifie- certain; my 6, 5, 10 is a colour; my 4, 8, 6, 5 is an animal; my 4, 6, 8, 10 is part of the body; my 5, 3, 9, 8 is a European volcano ; my whole is a Scottish county. JOHN E. TWEEDIE. 312. One-fourth of deed, one-fourth of seed, And then one-fifth of brown; One-third of bay, one-third of day, Will spell an English town. JoHN E. TWEEDIE. 313. That man is a robber, wicked and cruel. A dove rose and flew to the cot. We left the fox for dead. Send Ib-b r:zht on to school. He sailed per the steamer " cut:a." -Baried Towns. JOHN E. TWEEDIE. 314. A consonant; an animal; a river in Scotland; a Bower; a man's name; a river in Asia. The central letters, if read down, Will name to you a Polish town. SPnIrX. 315. In my whole a character you will see, And in the " Three Runaways" found; Change my head, then you will see, A kind of fruit above the ground. 316. A town in Austria ; a goddess; this is worn upon the foot; a part of the feet.-Square words. SPHINX. 317. A river in Europe; a serpent; a boy's name ; to scorch; made a mistake.-Square words. SPHINX. 318. My first is in rats, but not in mice; My second's in pray, but not in vice ; My third is in battle, also in war; My fourth is in bite, but not in chew ; My fifth is in ten, but never in three; What foreign country can you now see? THOMAS ATKINSON. 319. In whole, I am a well-known bird; decapitate, and I mean to awake from sleep ; behead, and I am the nanme of a river; decapitate, and it states what this puzzle is here for. THOMAS ATKINSON. 320. My first is a consonant; next, a fixed point of time; next, an author and poet combined ; an easy rolling mo- tion backwards and forwards; detached from anything; a Christian name; things used on board ship to unruly men; not on; and for last, select a consonant. Read perpendicularly or crossways, and you will see the name of a splendid tale which appeared in the WEDDINO BELLS. TIIOMAS ATKINSON.