trncherss fox # re ng~cni nts,
-*, ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied f,'rom other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- periy worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 170. A part of the human frame; a colour; three-fifths of to give way ; a town in Asia tcurtailed) ; a bird; acounty in England. The initials and finals read down will name a town in Scotland and the river it stands upon. SPHIINX. 171. To impede in my whole is seen, But if you the same transpose, Where you would not like to be, I ween, Is what it will then disclose. SPHINX. 172. A Spanish port; one-half of an English river; a num- ber; a bird. The initials and finals read down will name a town in England and the river it stands upon. SPHINX. 173. A consonant; an implement used in fishing : essential ; one who governs in place of a king ; to reach too far; one of Marryatt's novels; coldness; that by which we learn to speak correctly; a tree; a fairy; a vowel or pro- noun. The centrals, read downwards and across, give one of Captain Marryatt's novels. F. POWELL. 174. A kind of snare my first will name; A well-known country next I will claim This is sung in church you'll bear in mind; These are useful objects, too, you'll find. -Square word. THOMAS ATKINSON. 175. If you are but a boy, perhaps you'll live my whole to be, But before you have obtained it, you are cast upon life's sea, To struggle on with might and main, through the merciless world; And when my whole is reached the youthful standard is unfurled. Decapitate for me, and then a new head please return, And what it then explains, no doubt you'll quickly learn; To the cook it's indispensable, and what I say is true. And when you've solved the subject, it will come before your view. Before my muse retires, my 'cute reader, I implore, To strike off my present Lead, and return afresh once more, And I then shall name what the horse has done when the winning post is passed. And now, ingenious reader, I may say farewell at last. THOMAS ATKINSON. 176. Attention please, ye riddling bards of fame, As I'm about my plain puzzle to name, And now my diamond square I do commence By writing down at once one-fifth of seose. My next will be a female's name, I ween ; In next a kind of ba-ins will be seen, When dead you're this, by God, so I believe; This is a fate I don't wish to receive ; The following a well-known man does name, 'Mongst Boys of England he has gained great fame ; Some deep-toned instruments my next will name; What means to lessen, this does show quite plain; Next names a river, which in England flows; What means you did eat, this will now disclose; And last of all, to bring this to an end, Just take the fourth of the one word " pretend." When all of these are solved and in their place, Read from the summit downwards to the base ; Or, read from left to right, I do not mind, For both ways name a well-loved man, you'll f nd. THOMAS ATKINSON. 177. My first is in second; my second in fourth; My third not in anger, but always in wrath; My fourth is in fifth ; my fifth in third ; My sixth is in listen, but not in ieard ; My seventh is in give, but not in keep; And my whole, dear reader, is a thing very cheap. 178. A female name; a female name; chiming instruments; a male name; prized by trappers.-Square Words. JOHN G. WILSON. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 459. 165. Africa; Australia, France, Richard, Ink, Chicago, A merica. 166. Wedding Bells; Winter, Edinburgh. Donkey, Dor- set, India, Narrow, Gallant, Blackpool, Edward, London, Lancaster, Scotland. 167. B TEN TONES WARBLER BENBLIGHT INDIANS WAGES THE T 168. Bold Ben and Timid Tom. 169. Chaff-inch.
ACCEPTED.-F. W. M. W., W. F. Rupperaberg (But. falo, New York), Frank Coningsby, O. Taylor, W. ow lett, Athol C. H. Johnstone, S. Clarke, Frtederick Parsons, Charlie A. E. McHenry, R. Crossley (clad to hear from you again), L. B. (an old subscriber), W. Davies, Hadge, Otto Schrceder (Evansville, Ind.), John G. Wilson (ac. cept our hearty thanks on behalf of all the Boys of America for their kind praises of our Journal. The old school copy of " Perseverance commands success," was never more exemplified than in the career of the Boys OF ENGLAND. Entirely original tales, careful super. vision, high-class engravings, and good paper and print. ing, have made the BOYS OF ENGLAND Journal known wherever the English language is spoken. Wearehappy to say that our circulation in England and the States is at least, five times greater than any boys' journal ever published. You may rest assured that we shall not fla in our efforts to preserve our standing in the opinion of our readers.) - (This correspondent desires to correspond with an English boy of about sixteen. His address is 307, East Street, 26th Street, New York. Who, among our readers, will accept the challenge of " Our American Cousin ?"), T. Charles, Francis J. Keenan (co. Mo. naghan), A. H. Musgrave. DECLINED.-Tom Brown (try again, and write your puzzle fairly so that it may be easily seen; the present attempt may be good, but it is shown in a confused manner), W. H. Hopkins (we have your letter, but no en- closure), John Hearn (you have sent us answers only), Butcher Boy (you may wear a steel in your trade, but we object to your stealing the emanations from the brains of our earlier contributors), Saucy Bob (not admissible; endeavour to keep above vulgarity. If, as you say,you are one of the schoolboard chickens, you are the reverse of being a credit to them.) CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.--T. J. Rumbelard, E. J. Coombs.