GmfTrct) for itc z iY ta.
*," ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required. and must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular mar have FULL answers sent with them. 321. My first is in black, but not in white; My second's in morrow, but not in night; My third is in seven, but not in to ; My fourth is in me, but not in you ; My fifth is in smash, but not in crack ; My sixth is in leg, but not in back ; My seventh's in otter, but not in seal; My eighth is in oats, but not it n, cal My ninth is in spirits, but not in ruma ; My tenth is in cheerful, but not in glllum My eleventh's in year. but not in t.rve; And my last is in fairy, but not inr Ive, When all the letters are placed aright. A WEDDING BELLS story co ntie t,, ·ight. TII U3LiS ATKiciSSN. 322. My first is one of my whole, my second we all pay, and my whole is a relation. SPIINsX. 323. My first is an old coin, my second is an animal, and my whole is an animal. EPHINX. 124. My whole is a town in Gurmarny : curtail me, it is an English town; again curtailed, I am a part of music. bI'tIINX. :325. 3My whole will name a bird; curtailed, I am an Eng- lish river. SPIrINX. 326. My first is a colour, my text is a measure, and my whole is a bird. SPHINX. 327. My whole is an English town; take away the centre letter, I am one who acts. SPHINX. My first you'll find is in a ,eil, but never in a river; _My next is never found in pluck, LLough always seen in liver; My third you'll find is with the s'avc, but never with the free ; My next is never in the Ouse, though always in the Dee; My fifth you'll always see in hour, but never in a minute; My next you'll see is in a crow, but never in a linnet; My seventh's always in a drake, but never found in swan; My next is always seen in twenty, and also in one; My next is alwaf s with a lark, but n'er is seen in jay: My tenth you'll see in April, yet strange 'tis nut in May ; My eleventh's always n ith a pick, but 'tis never with a spade; My last is always seen in make. b.:t never seen in made: Now place the letters as they're found, and oun will see quite plain, A splendid tale appearing in the YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN. THOMAS ArTKINSON. 329. My first is found in water, but,'tis never in the sea; My second's always in a wasp, though never in a bee: My thiil is surely in a wall, bat still int in the brick; My fourth is with the healthy, but 'tis never with the sick ; My fifth is with all cattle, although 'tis not in pig; My sixth is always in a carriage, but surely not in cig; My seventh's in the potter, though 'tis never witl his clay; My eighth is in preach always, but 'tis truly not in pray; My ninth is always with the tree, altho:gh 'tis ne'er in trunk ; My tenth is to be found in sank, but yet ne'er found in sunk; My eleventh is in Robin, but 'tis never fo::nd in hood; My twelfth ydu'll tind in isickel, but -lill cannot in good; My thirteenth is in Harry, but 'ti- never found in Bill; My fourteenth is seen in murder. I n. -ure'y ntot in kill: And ,ow fifteenth, and last of all, coeics before your view; Wlhich you will find in Sarah, and not in saucy Sue; Now take the letters one by one, and place theist down aright, And a tale admired by young and old will come before your sight. TiI ciIS ATKINSON. 330. My first is an animal, mny second is a flower, and my wlhlo is a wild flower. SPIIN'X. 881. My first is to deface, my next is a metal, and my whole is a bird. SPHINX.
332. My first is in wax, but not in glue; My second's in farthing, but not in two; My third's in lark, but not in thrush; My fourth's in hold, but-nob in push; My fifth's in cake, but not in pie; My sixth's in dead, though not in die; My seventh is in reap, but not in mow; My eighth is in jackdaw, but not in crow; My ninth is in Alick, but not in Sam; My tenth is in jelly, but not in jam: My eleventh you'll mind is in blue, and not green; Now from each word take a letter, and there'll plainly be seen, When put in their order as they come to hand, A well-liked and good tale in the BoYs oF ENGLAND. ToaLis ATKINSON. 333. My first is in jump, but not in leap; My second is in shallow, but not in deep; My third is in man, but not in boy; My fourth is in Leeds, but not in Troy ; My fifth is in nest, but not in bird; My sixth is in second, but not in third; My seventh is in loch, but not in lake; My eighth is in loaf, but not in cake ; My last is in knight, but not in dean ; In my whole a great discoverer is seen. SPHINX. 334. A dance; a mixture; an animal; a sound.-Square words. SPHINX. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 478. 292. 96, 90. 293. 1 horse, 1 cow, 3 donkeys, 15 sheep. 294. A, e, 1, o, u, y. 295. Because it makes a tale stale. 296. Eddystene; eddy, stone. 297. Severn, Nevers. 298. L TIN DIVER LIVERPOOL RAPPINQ FLOon TO0 L 299. Burns; Barnsley, Uncle, Rutland, Nottingham, Samuel. 300. Boys of England; Boat, Onion, Yarmouth, Samuel, Otter, France, England, Norwich, George, Leg, Ada, Nottingham, Dunce. 801. Awl, law. 30. Chicago. 303. Dover. Modena. Dacca. Dordrecht. Dongola. 304. Football. 305. Tyne. Rye. Witham. Welland. Exe. 306. Eyemouth; eye, mouth. 307. London; Ludlow, Oxford, Newbury, Dover, Orford, Newton. 308. Parma ; arm, ram, mar. 309. Sir Francis Drake; Saltash, India, Robert, Franc, Rogers, Amelia, Narcissus, Cuckoo, Iris, South- amptpon, Dover, Richard, Ada, Kangaroo, Eng. land. 310. S O8N MaOUTH SOUTHEY ESHER TEN 311. Sutherland. 312. Derby. 313. Berwick. Dover. Oxford. Brighton. Perth. 314. w RAT FORTH co ,SLI P N A T H A N I E L YELL OWRIV E H 315. Rippin, pippin. 816. P E T ECHO SHOE TOES 817, MAESE ADDER EDGAR SEARE ERR ED 318. Spain. 319. Grouse, rouse, Ouse, use. 820. B ERA SCOTT ROOKING BROKENOFF FRANOES IRONs OFF F