(fixrhcrt for 4hc nt3,u inUL.
-** ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and smstbe accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzle or Charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no /rther contributions from the same person will be accepted. 0o Putzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- peelycworked out. Numbered Charades in particular must Itae FAtLL answers sent with them. 751. My first is in rod, but not in blue : My second is in many, but not in few ; My third is in help, but not in aid ; My fourth is in keep, but not in laid : My fifth is in heap, but Rob in mound; My sixth is in wind, but not in sound; My seventh is in ice, but not in snow; My clghth is in long, but not in bow; My ninth Is in dead, but not in alive; My tenth is in three, but not in five; 1M ollevnth isin May, but not in Juno; My twelfth is in twang, but not in tune; My thirteenth is in clock, but not in hand ; My whole is a tale in the Boys or' ENGLAND. JESSE F. SAUNDERS. 752. gad you my second of my first, my whole you'd often be thought. E. A. MAItTIN. My first is in plate, but not in mug; My second is in mat, but not in rug; My third is in ice, but not in snow; My fourth is in rake, but not in hoc; My fifth is in shine, but not in dull; My sixth is in heart, but not in soul; My seventh is in sparrow, but not in bird; My last is in milk, but not in curd; My whole is a town in Puckinghamshirc. .IESSE F. SAUN)Ei. Taring a walk one day, I chanced my first to meet, When we strolled down upon the beach, And there beheld my second. We chatted on quite pleasantly until 'tw:« time to go, Then each unto the other swore my whole they'd always know. E. A. MARTIN. My first is in Sarah, but not in Sue; My second is in rick, but not in ruen My third is in chair, but not in set ; My fourth is in kick, but not in beat ; My fifth is in mare, but not in colt; My sixth is in bars, but not in bolt; My seventh is in sink, but not in float; iMy eighth is in trousers, but not in coat; My ninth is in walk, but not in carry; My tenth is in John, but not in Harry; M1y eleventh is in three, but not in two ; My twelfth is in white, but not in blue; My thirteenth is in hops, but not in beer ; 31y whole is a town in Hertfordshire. JEsSE F. SAUNDERS. When good soldiers my second well, My tirst they're sure to love, Which makes them one and all enjoy My whole where'er they rove. E. A. MARTlN. My first is in magpie, but not in linnet ; My second is in day, but not in minute ; 3y third is in juvenile, but not in youth; My fourth is in lying, but not in truth ; My fifth is in shallow, but not in deep ; MSy sixth is in lamb, but not in sheep; My seventh is in snow, but not in ice; My eighth is in rats, but not in mice; My ninth is in good, but not in bad ; My tenth is in youth, but not in lad; My eleventh is in light, but not in ray ; My twelfth is in hour, but not in day. The twelve right letters when written down, Will reveal a painter of great renown. TROMfAS PARKER. 75S. 50 and cbak A colour. 100 , luen A relative. 500 ,, enlaigr A boy's name. 1 ,, en A number. 1000 ,, userm One of the seasons. The primals read down will name a poet. E. A. MARTIN. 719. My first is in horse, lut not in mare; My second is in market, but not in fair ; Mly third is in calf, but not in cow; 31y fourth in in plant, but lint in sow M1) lifth is in w'elk, b'l re~ t in run ; li3 sixth is in rmover, but nou. in Con My seventh is in year, and if you put thee aright, The name of a discovc rer you'll bring in siiht. 31. ,'IL m ,,.: