f1~xEtet s fox tide ýixethts
'* ORIGINAn L CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will disqualify the sender from any future insertion in these columns. [The return of the long evenings seems to have stirred up the industry of the contributors to this column. To save them useless labour, we beg they will each send one puzzle only. For with a continually-increasing stock, the chances of insertion of a greater number will be very remote.] - ARITHMETICAL QUESTION. There is a number which, if divided by 6 and multiplied by 8, will be greater than the whole by 12. What is it? H. L. BIRAMALL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. There's a question at present which Europe affects, And diplomatists eagerly watch; For the one all the others advances rejects, Whilst the quarrel must come to the scratch: But I hope the pacific intention of one Will render the other quite steady; And England intending she'll ne'er be outdone, Good-naturedly hints, I am ready. 1. The secret of a lady was a story which she wrote, And by its influence became a novelist of note. 2. 2Eneas the wanderer quitted this land, To settle in Italy and take up his stand. 3. When into the water you jump with a splash, Just take me along, if you wish, for a wash. 4. The mother of the man who the town of Mantua founded, And she, as Virgil tells us, in prophecy abounded. 5. " Within the little smithy, the village blacksmith stands," And gives me mighty blows with the hammer in his hands. 6. The " Poputnm Romanum " cherished me with all their hearts, And it was to keep my honour that they fought and did their parts. 7. An ancient philosopher respected by all, Whose writings are quoted in senate and hall. 8. In the early morn they gaze at the Eastern sky, And crying "Allah I swear by this we live and die " KIRKLAND M. STTEWAIRT. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUSES. I. A town in Croatia; a town famous in the Indian mutiny ; a sea-port in Kent; a State in America ; a town in Upper Egypt ; a town in Portugal ; a river that flows into Hudson Bay. The initials read downwards will name an English poet of the 17th and 18th centuries; and the finals read downwards will give the place of his birth. WILLIAM R. BLAIR. II. A country of Europe; a Roman poet; a fruit; a moun- tain. The initials read downwards spell the name of a British poet. C. SHAKSPEARE. In[. A village in Lanarkshire, Scotland; a town in the pro- vince of Priincipato Citra, Naples, 15 miles E. S. E. of Salermo; the capital of Great Britain; a town the princi- pality of Hesse Cassel, Germany ; a parish in Inverness- shire, Scotland. The initials read downwards give the name of a large city in India beseiged by the British in 1858, and the finals read downwards also give the surname of a long once powerful race of Kings in India, and it also gives my own surname. R. N. S. REBUS. Christian name of one of the authors in the "Boys of England ;" a Cape in Ireland; not old; a boy's name cur- tailed ; the fornmer capital of Persia; an important caravan station in Nubia ; something used in washing; a State in India; the place where Captain Cook was murdered; a province in Belgium; a town in England. The initials and finals read downwards will give the names of two true friends of the Boys of England. GOLIATH ST. CROIX. NUMBERED CHARADES. I. I am a word of I11 letters. My 1, 2, 3, 11, is the state of the weather in winter; my 1, 2, 5, 6, is a desirable commodity; my 4, 5, 6, 7, is a fish; my 8, i9, 10, 11, is a very useful article; my 7, 9, 4, 11, is a precious metal; and my whole was an eminent British admiral. W. A. WHITE. II. I am a word of 11 letters. My 7, 2, 5, 6, 4, 1), 6, is a pastime; my 6, 4, 10, is a spirit ; my 8, 9,10, is a weight; my 7, 8, 2, 6, is a power possessed by some insects; my 1, 4, 11, is untrue; my 5, 9, 10, 7, 11, 5, 7, 11, is foolishness; and my first is a state of being, my second a hard substance, and my whole a celebrated traveller. " SLY WILLIAM. CONUNDRUM. Why is an invalid who takes the air for the first time after a severe illness like the BOYS OF ENGLAND ? WILLIAM R. BLAIR.
CHARADES. I. I am a diamond square of 41 letters. My first is a con- sonant; my second transposed is a fluid in a certain state; my third Old England is; my fourth is what the Boys of England are the very opposite of ; my fifth is what nobody likes us to be; my sixth is in opposition to dreams; my seventh is relating to morals; my eighth transposed is a numeral; my last is a consonant. And now read the initials from the left hand round, and you shall have where a nice little company meet in the BOYs OF ENGLAND to tell tales. JAMES SMITH. II. My first is a preposition ; so is my second; and also my whole. H. L. BRAsMALL. III. Four-fifths of a flame, a preposition and a verb will give a red bird peculiar to tropical climates; my second oft destroys my first, but many take pleasure in my whole. SAMUEL 0. WILMOT. IV. My first upon my second's deck Departing, waved his hand, I cried, " My first, if 'scaping wreck, My second reach the land Wherein your future lot is cast, Know that till death my whole shall last.' JOSEPII WILD. HISTORICAL REBUS. A famous statesman; one of the sons of William I. ; an earl who lived in Elizabeth's reign ; a battle fought during the Peninsular war; a nobleman beheaded in the time of Charles I.; one of the contending parties in the Wars of the Roses. The initials read downwards will give a famous battle fought between the English and French. INCOGNITO. DECAPITATIONS. I. Whole, I am a pro'noun; behead me, and I am a pro- noun; behead me again, and I am a verb; once more, and I am an abbreviation of a musical term. H. L. BRA.IALL. II. Whole, I make a harsh noise; beheaded. I'm used by milliners; beheaded again, I'm a seed for birds; beheaded once more, and I'm an animal. W. C. FROST (Newport.) III. Whole, I'm what most boys try to be; beheaded, I'm a name of a watch; beheaded once more, and I last a long time. W. C. FROST (Newport.) FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. A portion of time, and salt water; the fountain of life, and rest; a sweetmeat, and Irish fuel; a lover's charge on leaving his mistress: par: of a week, a letter, and a few months; a young girl, an important member of your body, dry grass, a soldier's collar. A. W. HORNBLOW. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 48, ARITHIMETICAL QUESTION. - The first town pays £333 6s. 8d.; the second, £300; the third, £200 ; the fourth, £166 3ie. 4d. ; or equal to a tax of Is. 4d. on each inhabitant. ARITHMOREM.- Madagascar; Madras, Alz, Davis, Apolda, Grimma, Ayves, Salmon, Clermont, Antrim, Ribble. REBUS.-The Young Artist; Thames, Hall, Exeter, York, Oxford, Uruquay, Nepaul, Ganges, America, Russia, Turkey, Ireland, Sardinia, Tuscany. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS.-Spain, Tagus; ThameS, Ant- werP, GaudianA, UrI, SeverN. NUMBERED CIIARADES.-I. Northampton; horn, pan, Noah, rat, north, top. II. Transformation; notion, raisin, form, traitor, matron, tart, Roman, oar, art, iron, son. CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.-John C. O'Donoghue (writing very free, but rather too flourishing. The proper solutions are inserted two weeks after the publication of the puzzles), 0. J..H., S. G. A. (you are incorrect with the puzzle of the hurdles; see answer in previous Number), George Syrett, John McQuistan (we prefer the answers to arithmetical puzzles worked out), X. (writing very fair), Claude Duval and Tyburn Dick (we much regret that these young gentlemen should have adopted the above cognomens ; our labours are devoted to holding out better models for their guidance), Alfred Taylor (postscript to a previous communication), Frank Rowe (writing very good), T. H. Simpson, Charles Henry Ffinch, H. F. Black (we highly commend your mental industry), G. Bt. Pontin, W. C. Bailey. S. Phillips (we followed the old British fashion, and gave the benefit of the doubt). ACCEPTED.-Geo. Esplin, Alfred Parker, N. Tscharikoff, T. W. Atkins, Vulcan Byrne, J. B. Locke, Alfred James Smart, Harry White, U. Marks, H. F. W. DECLINED WITH TtIANKS.--David Wolfe Harris, Polar Star ('" poetry," not "poetary "), J. Bennett (not original), E. Crookenden, Thomas P. Warwick. A. T. Robbins, R. Trestrail (very old), Arthur Puttick, E. Raesbeck, J. Jack- son, H. H., Willie Kenley, Batley, Joseph L. Riordan, Agonistes, T. Phipps, S. Taylor, J. Rolt, H. H. Sargent, E. Berridge, T. H. Sargent (no answers), Albert Szlumper (defective), Pens and Ink, John Young Hedge, J. Solomon, James Wright (you have not worked out your puzzles), John Spiers, W. Barber, G.L. Ternent, C. Haden, J. W. Mountain (no answers), Ernest Neame, A Boy of England, Hem:y W. Johnson (no answers).