cfraduua~te ngnan;
',' ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution/from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 794. A consonant; a space of time; a dog used in sporting; a country in Europe : a part of a tea-service ; a bone in the human body; a vowel. The centrals read down- wards and across will name a country in Europe.-Dia- mond Puzzle. S. CorcInlAN. 795. My first is in horse, but not in cow ; My second is in swine, but not in sow; My third is in boy, but not in ran ; My fourth is in Sue, but not in Sam ; My fifth is in church, but not in shed; My sixth is in cheese, but not in bread; My seventh is found somewhere in blame; And my whole comprises a lady's name. P. G. KEY. 790. I am a little word, Made of letters five; By you I'm daily heard, If you in England live. A lady I'm used to address, If ever she married has been; Or if single. she will confess Fifty summers to have seen. Backward I read, And forward the same; But take a little heed, And you will guess my name. ESTELE, ACCEPTED.-P. G. Key, S. Conchman, Estele, Robert Smith, A. Miller, E. L. C., William Webb, WV. Yates, Oliver I1 Wood, J. Peters, T. Pinler. It. Crossley, Ed- ward Rowchin, O. H. Wood, T. B. Davies, A. II. Mac- kenzie, W. Standage,Edward Walters (we only examine charades as they are required, and having a large stock on hand, some time must necessarily elapse before we can give notice of their acceptance. We think it most pro- bable that your former contribution has been inserted.) DECLINED.-C. It. Markham (you are in error; one of the poets, Longfellow, is an American), E. Buckley (in misspelling one word-" woe," which shouldbeaswe have printed it, you have spoiled the charade), R. S. Taylor (do you mean Farringdon Street ? That has a railway station), F. Young (we doubt the originality of your charades; though not first-class, they appear too good to be the composition of one who spells sure as " shure "), A. J. B. (we object to immortalize the names fonnd in the Newgate Calendar), J. W. Stead ( Afghanistanu is spelt as we have printed it. You left out the h; nor can we call to mind any mountain in Asia of the name you use. You have also converted the Prussian uhlan into a French " urlan," of which latter there are none).