(ýXtdU15 rn 1ij . zY tztizuL
*,0 ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solutions are pro- perly worked out. Nsumber'ed Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 594. My first is what we do after sleep; my second is a meadow; and my whole is a town in England. HENRY BELL. 595. My first is in pan. but not in pot My second is in rifle, but not in osbt; My third is in George, but not in Lill ; My fourth is in Harry, but not in Will; My fifth is in ten, but not in nine; My sixth is in gay, but not in shine ; My seventh is in union, but not in jack; My eighth is in nail, also in tack ; My ninth is in rat, but net in mouse; My tenth is in dairy, but not in house; The letters if you place aright, A famous story comes into sight. R. MCCAUGHIE, 596. O'er my first my second's thrown. To'shelter it from wet and wind; In my first my whole is shown, Happiest period of mankind. J. F. iCRAE, 597. INITIALS AND FINALS. A mystic legend of the seas, Combined, these will unveil; Which makes the stoutest heart to freeze, The reddest cheek to pale. 1. Though gentles boast they with the Conqueror came, The longest pedigree ends with this name. 2. Of all the wondrous sights in Yankee land, The falls here named are surely the most grand. 3. He taught the Britons on their native shore, Hard lessons in the Roman art of war. 4. Two pronouns here are named, and these you trace, As numerals upon your watch's face. 5. An evil spirit oft seen at Christmas time, The goblin of time-honoured pantomime. 6. Sometimes described as pluck, and then again, Yes, this in toothache causes all the pain. 7. 'Tis said that nine of these you have to scan, Ere you behold the semblance of a man. J. F. F. McRAE. 595. Corn; a circle round the smun; belonging to an island; the passage in a ship. The initials and final will give the names of two political factions. 509. 151 and wank An English town. 10(10 ,, roe stes 1050 ,, thy up o 150 ,, sanerat 10. ,, shpw ,, ,, 501 ,, rent bug 1000 ,, horn tap on ,, 6 ,, terror t ,, 1551 ,, fresh ue ,, 5 ,, netroe 601 ,, wash n ,, 100 ,, sheetr ,, ,, 100 ,, uh ,, ,, 150 ,, o ah ,, 1000 ,, haako 201 ,, non The initials read downwards name a splendid tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. W. F. TIRINDER and J. T. NAYLOR. 600. A vowel; a number; a wild animal; aconntry of great fame; things that are seen on a fine night; a small insect; a consonant. The centrals read downwards will give a country in Europe. CHARLES WESTON. 601. Three-tenths of looks, and two-seventhseof a salad.-A fruit. G. GRoANT. 602. Four-sevenths of a kind of apple; four-sevenths of a store for corn, and two-fourths of a hard wooed-A fruit. G. GRANT. 603. 551 and nant A province in Norway. 1151 ,, bore fa A port in Devonshire. 540 ,, aragua a a A province of M.exico. 1051 ,, tea Joe A province of Port;gal. 11 ,, rue A town in France. 1550 ,, neo A town of Spain. The initials give the name of a satirical journal. HERBtIERT D. SEuJEANT. 604. Whole, I am a lady; transposed, I am pasture land; transposed again, I am part of a verb, signifying to create; curtailed, I am insane; transposed, I am a bank to stop water. HERBERT D. SERJEANT. 605. My first is in mad, but not in crazy; My second is in idle, but not in lazy; My third is in coffee, but not in t< a ; My fourth is in ocean, but not in sea; My fifth is in raven, but not in crow ; My whole's the author of Robinson Crusoe. IIERBERT D. SERIJEANT.
606. My first is in jam, but not in 4icklo ; My second is in task, but not in tickle; My third is in bacon, but not in ham; My fourth is in walked, but not in ran; My fifth is in ghost, but not in spirit; My sixth is in art, but not in merit; .My seventh is in car, but not in cab; My eigh:h is in kill, but not in stab; My ninth is in part, but not in piece; My tenth is in wrinkle; but not in crease ; My eleventh is in water, but not in wine; My twelfth is in fancy, but not in fine. The above, rightly guessed and put together, will name a hero in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. E. A. DAY. 607. Humble ; a lake in Canada ; a friend; to spur on ; cele- brated; to bestow upon; behold; work; one skilled in the eyes; riches. The initials and finals read down- wards will give the names of two poets. FRANK CATT. 608. Antiquated; part of a circle; a statue; publicly known; quick; a girl's name; a shell fish; assistance; a river in Siberia; the whole world; common; an Eng- lish county. The initials and finalsread downwards will name two towns in England. FRANK CATT. 609. A consonant; one of the elements; the earth; a shield; a dissembler; husbandry; my whole; likeli- hood ; a bird ; a bird; a bird ; a pronoun; a consonant. The centrals read downwards and across, will name a county in Scotland. FRANK CATT.