Obxifkts bor II tE ý%uQCtdDIs .
* s OIIGINAL CON'rrtlBtU'TIoNS ONLY are required, andmut be accompanied by name and aldress. Any Puzzle or Carade received after this date, and found to have been copied fromr other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributtiuons from the same person will be accepted. po Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly ortked out. Yumnbered Charades In particular must ha reFULL answters sent with them. I am in water, but I ot in pond; I am in chain, but not in bond; I ant in honey, but not in bee; I am in look, but not in see ; I am in week, but not in day; I am in work, buti no, in I lay; I am in black, but not in w -to; I am in ru,, but not 1ti flight; I am in madam, but nit in sir; I am in bark, but not in fir; I am in loo'e, but not in bind; I am in angry, but not i kin 1 ; I am in praise, but not in utock; I am in hkey, but not in lock. Ii you join the lelters right in the usual way, You'll see two well-known characters in " Young Jack liarkaway." HEstiY PA.~~OS. 736. I ant in beast, but not in dog; I am in trad, also in frog; I am in yew, but not it: ash; I am in stroke, as well as in dash; I am It ronllt. but not in fiat; I am in fly, but not in g::at; I aiii in elf, b t no: in fay; I am in night, bn: ,not a, day; I ctrt in coo-, liit no'. inl hu;l I am in wil, b :i not in tad; I amt ii ass, bit ni:t In cw I am llti no se, bItt Lt t inI r w; I an in date. huit not in tii ; Bur tow Itmy rdrdle is g, ttint t'>o big; So if yiou these letters place arieht, A splendid paper will ctue to sghtt. A. 11E..N;GWAY. 737. My first is in boat. but not in sail; My second is in snow, but not tt hail; AMy th!ird is in bumpr. int. not in rock; My fourth is In bolt, hut not in lock; fly lifth is in lnlmp, but not in -Ih tle; tly sixth is in dien, but tnot in paid ; My seventh is in hand, but not tn arm; 1My eighth is in shout, but not. in alarm. These letters plance aright by you, ABO'YS OF F.NGLA.ND hero wil, c -me to view. LHERBLET zAADAMS. 738. A useful thing; if you rhnnge head, A man's surtta me you 11 s e instead; Change ih-ad again, and then, I w. en, A cutiing creature will be sen. HERn ERT ADAMS. 739. What we all wear it you behead, A sod for horses you'll h vet instead. HEiBERu T ADAMS. 740. I am in gun, but not in sword; I am in earl, iut not in lordi; I ant in Citrlk, but not in cow; I am in quarrel. bul not in tow; I amm mn an, but not in girl; I am in diamuond, but not in pearl; I amn in Tom, but not in WVill; I am in John, but not in Bill I am in bat, but not in stump; I am itn bucket. bit not in pump; I am in king but not in queen; Anti my whole is a famous tale. I ween. flDtBEitT ADAMS. 741. MIy first is a brilliant colour; my second is a mechani- cal tool; my whole is a bird. DIOGENES. 742. My first is in shark, but not in whale; My second is in snow, butt not in hlil; M, third is in :o ,k, but not in rin a MyI fou'th is in ,rive, but Int i, lead; My fifth is in nmonk. but not iti friar; My six h is in a ge , b t not i i h:re; My seventh is in box, bit. unt ill C.i- -t; My eighlth is in truliki, lut riot iin d.-J; My niith is i iice. 'u t not in w., l; My te nth is in iho tL. but , ot ill tall ; My elhveyith is in, j ipl), butt nI t in lanp; My twelfth is itt shallhos, but not in deep ; My thlrt-enrth is in,, -,hove, bit tinot in spade; 13 fmiirt,,euth is itn .ervait., blt not in maid; It whule is a story of great Cieu ei n; Itas old at I hie booliselhors in -ver y town, And It you buyv, y., tt, n wi I see, It's published in we, kly umtulbrs at one penny. II. W. IcouEs.