raukers for tlt ýjflf litr o.
** ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will disqualify the sender from any future insertion in these columns. I. A number of men went into a public-hounse, and had refreshments to the amount of ten shillings and a farthing. How many men were there, and what did each pay, each to pay an equal share ? JAMES CALLIE. II. Divide 170 into two parts, so that two-thirds of the one may be three-fourths of the other. HENRY J. PEARSON. III. From Shakespeare's " Hamlet " Cvy frptca cypnctne tjl ctman pnfcxnbnf, Bjeknxxga jill Mnefjely, yf ctnre vjckt, Rs etn lnji vjacn jfi brllxn yo etn frpte, Mnnf otga nfkygfcnenl: J orpgen xrzn dyge ojotne, Jebnl je jxx qyrfoa nhjkcxd kjq-j-qn, Iqqnjea mnoyen ctnb, js vrct ayxnif bjext Pyna axyv jfl acjcnxd md ctnb cterkn tn vjxznl Md ctnre yqqenaanl jti onje ageqeranl ndna. Vrctrf tra cegfktnyf'a xnfpct, vtrxac ctnd (Iracrxxnl cy unxxd vrct et' noonkc onje), Acjtl lgbm, jfl aqnjz fyc cy trb. Ctra cy bn Rs lenjlogx ankenad rbqjec ctnd Irl, Jit R vrct ctnb ctn ctrel frptc znqcctn vjckt; Vtnen, ja ctnd tjl lnxrwnenl, myct rs crbn, Oyeb yo ctn ctrfp, njkt vyel hjin cegn jfi pyyl, Cun jqqjercryf kybna. R zfnv dyge ojctne : Ctnan tjtla jen fyc byen xrzn. TJEED ORATNE. IV. Z mxzco mxkm mxl fitsh tw lenvkep zh mxlflhm utdyekv wty tel cleer. Zm tdnxm mt fl ze Iglys fts'h xtal. H. FORDRED. V. What chapter is the shortest in the Bible ? VI. What book in the Bible has neither Lord nor God men- tioned in it ? VII. What verse in the Bible is the longest ? VIII. What verse is the shortest ? HARRY RICHARDSON. IX. I am a word 13 letters, My 10, 3, 4, 8, 5, is a colour; my 4, 6, 13, 8, is a part of the body ; my 10, 11, 6, 13, is a river in England ; my 4, 5, 8, 11, 12, is a note in un-ic ; my 11, 12, 5, 4, is a part of speech; my 7, 6, 5, 10, 1:3, is a sacred writing ; my 1, 2, 10, 5, is a fruit ; my 9, 10. d, 1, is a musical instrument ; and my whole a town in Wales. CIIARLES BURWOOD. X. I am a word of S letters. 3My 1, 2, 3, is a domestic animal; my 3, 4, 7, is a metal; my 5,, 7, 8, is the string that sustains the angler's hook ; my 3, 8, 7, is a number ; my 2, 1, 3, is a deed; my 3, 2, 7, is to make hide into leather ; my 2, 5, 8, is a liquor ; my 3, 5, 8, is a sort of covering for houses ; my 5, 2, , 1, , is a tine thread; and my whole was an ancient conspirator against the Roman Republic. GEORGE ESPLIN. XI. My first is a mountain men'ioned in the Bible; my second is to gain by labour; my third is a harsh noise; my fourth is a a precious stone. CrARLES BURWOOD. XII. My first is a boy's name; iimy second is without end ; my third is verdant; ana my whole appears in the " Boys of England." J. W. AITKENs. XIII. My first's in strong but not in weak ; SMy second's in trick but not in freak; My third's in fear but not in bold; My fourth's in copper and not in gold; My fifth's in near but not in far; My sixth's in goad but not in mar; My seventh's in boat but not in yawl; 'My eighth's in hoist but not in hal ; My ninth's in whistle but not in .,all; My whole's a tale well known to all. JAMES CALLIE. SIV. My first is what most men have when travelling; my second is a lady's name mentioned in the " Boys of Eng- land ;" my third is an animal ; my fourth is tie alnme of a book in the Lible. P. LAWTON.
XV. The castle at which Henry II. died; a Saxon deity; the surname of King John ; a wife of King John; Latin name for France; a battle fought by Prince Rupert; where Wolsey's palace was built. The initials read downwards will give the name of a celebrated Huguenot in the reign of Queen Elizabeth. W. J. WILMOT. XVI. A town of Spain; a town of France; a town of North America; a town of South America; a town of Russia; a town of Canada; a town of Iceland; a town of Palestine. The initials read downwards will give the name of a poet. BILL SLY. XVII. 1. A city of Prussian Saxony; 2. a large river in India; 3. a large seaport on the south-west of England; 4. a large river in the north of England; 5. a city in Portugal on the river Douro; 6. a port on the Loire. The initials read downwards give the name of an English poet. MARGARET. XVIII. 1,000 and net youth Is a town in Northumberland. 5 and hear " Is a town in France. 50 and to sew Is a town in Bedford. 50 and of fuba Is an animal. no hue Is a mountain in Abyssinia. 6 and oyle Is a town in Somerset. 550 and sun redan Is a town in Durham. rob Is a sphere. 100 and fearn Is a country in Europe. 1 and zeal Is a girl's name. sun Is a town in Italy. 50 and aga Is an entertainment. 6 and el Is a boy's name. law Is a shoemaker's tool. 4 and oar nan Is a town in Greece. .5 and rode Is a town in Kent. The initials read downwards will give the name of a celebrated journal, and the finals the same way will give the name of one of its favourite pages. H. P. SCOTT. XIX. Names of note during the Norman period. 1. The rag led gain. 2. He led wear lake W. 3. Try lawrel tret. 4. You rolled no big of SI. 5. The primer hette. 6. She fit net PZ. 7. Will rub my same of mial. S. My hot from off Geo une. W. HIBBERT. XX. My first is the source of England's greatness; my second signifies "I love;" my third is a river in Europe; my fourth is a heathen name; my fifth is an agreement as to a house. CARACTACUS HACKNEY. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. )2. ARITIHMETICAL QUESTIONS.-I. The number is 60. II. C having eaten all his loaves, A and B divided the shilling between them, B taking Sd. as his share. REnBUSES. - I. Cape of Trafalgar, Horatio Nelson; ChurcH, ArmadillO, PointeR. ErA, ThibeT, RabbI, AdagiO, FaN, AlE, LiverpooL, GlasS, ArnO. RacooN. II. Tra- falgar; Talavera,:Ratisbon, Albuera, Friedland, Austerlitz, Leipsig, Gemappe, Aspern, Ramilles. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUSES.-I. He would be a Sailor; Holland, Essex. Orange, Ulster, Lyons, Don, Bedford, Euphrates, Austria, Salisbury, Africa, Indus, Lancashire, Ohio, Russia. II. Wild Charley; Washington, Ispahan, La Plata, Darra, Cephalonia, Huntingdon, Athens, Rothsay, Lisbon, Ennis, York. NU.MIBERED CIIARADES.-I. Our Life-boat Corner ; hat, corn, bone, rat, beef, eat, lion, tub, bear, cub, rate, rain, roe, can. II. The Evening Standard; Etna, red, ant, read, Reading, rain, sing, stars, games, Dneister. III. Anthony Trollope; three, ant, opera, orator, honey, Polly. ENGLISsH TOWNr TRANSPOSED.-1. Liverpool. 2. .Man- chester. 3. Birmingham, 4. Lancaster. ENIGM.t.-Time. I)nUBLrE AcnosTIC.--Harry Graham, Lucy Western; i. Hull ; 2. AdieU; 3. ReliC ; 4. ReplY ; 5. YelloW; ;. GreecE; 7. RosS; 8. AmethysT; 9. HessE; 10. AyKt; 11. MeloN. WORD SQUARING :- D E A R 5 31 M A A M E N RA NG FOUR GOOD MOTTOES.-Honesty, Punctuality, Fidelity, Cleanliness. CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVED. - Gerald Lloyd, C. J. W., Jlohn Anderson, Thomas T. Vaughan (thanks for your information), Hl. F. Black (two letters). A. S. Fowler, J. T. Crank, G. Fowler. Thomas Savage, C. H. Midgley, Fred. W. Burton, C. B. Conpland, J. Allison, H-. J. harks (two letters. We had noticed two different handwritings under your previous signature), Ti:r Again, Benjamin Sykes (the play is published at the same time as the .lourual). 3). W. Strougbow. John Jones, David Young, .James1 Walker, Edward Larke, Alfred Taylor, Rochdalo (two letters). W. it. Wool (we have adopted yonrsuggestion), B. II. N., A. (;. Tilley, C. Spencer Cobbold, C. A. C. bank, (the prize-tickets are printed at the top of the front page, butr ,n Nose. . ',1. and 52 they were not required), IRo: ert Reid (two letters), Henry W. Johnston, G. Allard (tipital for your ace), Robert Grieve, Thomas Job,J. Brown, 1W. T., lames Toll, Garibaldi, R. P. K., Boscombe Brothers (we hole the acquaintance now commenced will ripen into lasting friendship). A correspondent in sending his solutions complains that we have not answered a previous letter. If, like the present, it had no signature, the fault rests with himself.$ , .,,x