144. Charade.
wrapt in thought, all silent I stand, With face pressed 'gainst the window-pane; I gaze o'er the drear and desolate land, And dreamily list to the wind's mournful strain; I watch the first with gaze intent, And follow the last as they heedlessly fall. Wretchedness fills me ; its power doth invent Cheerless silence-it casteth a gloom o'er all. My mind, unrestrained, doth vividly wander To fair scenes of pleasure, of bright days of yore; Unconscious to all that surrounds me, I ponder O'er many gay scenes, now passed for e'er more; Again in my childhood, I seek the gay scene Of streamlet and meadow, where oft I would roam In freedom so sweet, o'er the bright verdant green, Culling sweet flowers for mother at home! These bright scenes have faded : alone in my room, With care-burdened brow, and fast-throbbing breast; Alone! in the dreary and fast-gath'ring gloom, With naught to console this sad heart so depressed; Alone in the world, without e'er a friend, Without one to share in my joy or my woe; As brooding o'er miseries, that cruel fate dot h send, My tears, as fast as the whole falls, doth flow. AONYMUBS. 14.5. Eniema. My love she's a pre'ty total lass, Possessing much of beauL's grace; A faultless form, in which you trace Exquisite beauty few sm-poss. To first her hand and heort I seek, And hope I do not seek in w vn ; Oh, words could ne'er my joy b.speak Were I that treasure to ,btain. She's promised to become lase day IMy trusting, loving bride. And oh i may cornort ho!l the sway- Oh I may our lives be: brii .:Lt rd gay Whilst borne upon life's tide. ANONYMIOUS. 146. A consonant ; to defraud ; an animal : a weapon; a cascade; barrenness; one skilled in the science of birds; without design; a tale in the YOUNG MEN 0 GIti.ATr IBRITAIN RE-ISSUE ; wickedness; abounding to excess ; dejection; to stimulate ; ennui ; a drudge ; an insect ; a consonant. Centrals read downwards and across will name a tale in the YOUNG MIEN 01F GREAT BRITAIN RE-ISSUE. LEWIS FREEDMAN. 147. A consonant; a pronoun; to urge; an instructor; a vile wretch ; a bird ; lnot formal; a tale in OUR BOYS' JOURNAL; vicinity ; pIertinaciously; evening ; a kind of dog; a gem ; a trap ; a consonant. Centrals read downwards and across will lname a tale in OURs BOYS' JOURNAL. LEWIs FREEDMIAN. A vowel; a hobgoblin ; dignity; :a sharp point:; progress; a character in a tale il Oult BOYs' JOURNAL; the power of attraction ; defence; a fop ; exultatione; a consonant. Centrals read downwards and across will name a character in a tale in OUR BOrs' JOURiNAL. LEWIS FRIEEDMLAN. 119. An animal; a country in Europe ; a town; a flower; a girl's name; an English river; a character in O: AOYS' JOURNAL ; what we all do ; a town in Italy ; a word used in geography; what means to capltre; a county in England; a shape ; a boy's name; a character in the YOUNG MEN : OF tGREAT' BRIITAIN ; an ever gre-.n ; a country; what dogs are fond of ; a tree; an American root; a boy's ename; a bird ; what we could not do without; a town in England ; a brave Turkish soldier; what we could do without; a number; a European town ; a precious stone; a rodent; metal in its mineral state; a vessel; a tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND; a character in OUR Boys' JOURNAL; a girl's name; an image ; a poet; a river. If the initials are placed aright, A tale in the YOUNo MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN will come to sight. WILLIAMI C. FREEMAN.