drafJJe tcj.fl3f 1,8 XDU4t.
* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzles or Charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perlyllworked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent wilh them. 901. My first is in young, but not in old; My second is in coward, and also in bold; My third is in bun, but not. in cake; My fourth is in pond, but not in lake; My fifth is in pulling, and also in tug; My sixth is in jug, but not in mug; My seventh is in hay, but not in clover; My eighth is in Calais, but not in Dover; My ninth is in like, but not in hate; My tenth is in head, but not, in pate; My eleventh is in servant, but not in cook; My twelfth is in paper, but not in book; My thirteenth is in kite, but not in string; My fourteenth is in play, but not in sing; My fifteenth is in Walter, but not in Bob; My sixteenth is in walnut, but not in cob; My seventeenth is in yellow, but not in red; My eighteenth is in starving, but not in fed; Mly nineteenth is in wine, but not in port; My twentieth is in judge. but in court; My twenuty-first is in horse, unt not in stable; My twenty-secotnd is in chairt but not in table; My twenty-third is in darkness, but not in lihht; My twenty-fourth is in bloody, but not in fight; My twenty-fifth is in gloom, and also in fog; Mly twenty-sixth is in yule, but not in log; My twenty-seventh is in rat, but not in mouse ; My twenty-eighth is in cabin, but not in house; My twernty-ninth is in genie, iut, not in fairy; My thirtieth is in Kate, lut not in Mary; My thirty-first is in pen but not in ink; My thirty-eeco :d is in people, but not in pink; My whole is an exciting tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. S. S. KENNEDY. 902. I consist of 23 letters. My 11, 6, 20, 13 a side glance ; 9, 16, 1 a disease in fowls; 18, 3, 19 a piece of work ; 2.1, 5, 7 a weight; 12, 8, 15, 17 to court; 4, 10, 20, 13, 21 a number ; 2, 8, 7, 22 an animal; 17, 21, 14 a boy's name. lMy whole is what all the readers of the BOYS OF ENGLsAND would like to see. LORD TMIBERDOODLE. 903. A small insect; a small river fish; an animal; a citadel ; a fraction; a snake ; a North American animal; a tree ; a small bird ; a success; a trust ; a fruit; void; a domestic bird. The initials, real town, name the girl of the hero of a tale in the BOYs O(, 1-NGLAND. LORD TIMBEuRDOODLE. 9014. A consonant; a feminine pronoun ; active; trickery; a quarrel: past ; a consonant. The centrals, read down, name the Queen city of America. LORD TIMBERDOODLE. 903. I consist of 11 letters. My 3, 8, 10 a taste; 9. 2, 10 a disease in fowls; 1, 5, 7, 4 an error ; 6, 11, 9 a small drink; my whole is a river in North America. LORD TIMBERDOODLE. 906. A consonant; not good ; a bird; a number ; a country ; complete; a unit; a consonant. The centrals, read down, name a general in the East India war. LORD TIMBERDOODLE. 907. A fraction, prefixed to a part of a gun, names ageneral of the English army (now deceased). Loan TIMBERDOODLE.