-4--1c-` u ezxii tx .
" * ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same lperson will be accepted. No Puzzle oill be accepted unless the Solutions are properly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. Accepted puzzles will also be found in the YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN. 48. Miy first is in Philip, but not in John; My second is in Edward, but not in Tom; My third is in William, but not in Joe; My fourth is in hip, but not in toe; My fifth is in cat, but not in dog; My sixth is in toad. but not in frog; My seventh is in month, but not in week; My whole is a bird with a very long beak. W. PIERCY. 49. The god of drunkards and of wine, In winter seen I wis; A French town, not far from the Rhine ; An Irish poet this. Fruit, whove origin you may trace From the earliest ages; The founder of the Norman race ; A disease that oft rages; Curious quadrupods that live In sunny Australia; The initial letters will give A great count of Prussia. HARRY LUCAS. 50. I am a poet of immortal fame, And eleven letters compose my name. Now my 1, 7, 10, 5, 11 will tell What all jolly topers like right well; My 2, 3, 10, 7 select, and in me A musical instrument you will see; My 7, 8, 11, 10 please now pick out. And a nobleman I am without doubt; And if you ask a maid your wife to be, She's sure to answer " 9, 6, 4, 7, 3." EARRY LUCAS. 51. A figure of three angles ; having all sides equal; the semi-diameter of a circle; having many sides. The initials read downwards will give the extremity of anything. HARRtY LUCAS. 52. Whole, this is part of the body; Bohead it, and you'll find a tree; Curtnil, then it will mean to fix, And useful is to 3ou and me. BARRY LUCAS. 5". When whole, yen will find I am a habitation; Behead, I'm a river of the English nation. HARRY LUCAS. 54. When whole,I am single ; behead, and I am single; again behead, and still I am single. IIARRY LUCAS. 55. 101 andher nest W A town in England. 56 ,, OE A tree. 50 ,, Nero A Scottish marquis. 10( ,, eat ry Love of truth. 550 ,, Anne G A great country. 502 ,, tary P Swiftness. 1000 ah A leg of pork cured. 1050 ,, nab A book for holding likenesses. 1052 ,, phan S M A naval officer. 51 ,, paste N E A country near Egypt. 55 ,, rate A journey. 57 ,, OA A female's name. 1051 ,, Ben Active. The initials will name a town in England. HARRY LUCAS. 56. 1. A letter, and to divide. 2. Journeys. 3. Used in boats. 4. An animal and a pronoun. 5. A measure and a Pronoun. 6. A colour, a number, and a consonant. 7. To want. 8. A short letter. HARRY LUCAS. 57. A consonant; a bird; a kind of meat; a district of Lon- don; figures; a colour; a consonant. R. H. FIRTn. 58. A consonant; aboy; a preposition; a town in Spain; a town in France; a boy's name; a consonant. The centrals will produce the name of a town in Spain. R. H. FIRTH. 99. A consonant; an animal; a kind of cloth; a foreign people ; a pleasant drink; a celebrated battle; part of the apparel; a vegetable; a brown powder; knowledge; a consonant The centrals will give the name of a celebrated battle fought in Scotland. HENRY H. CLARKE.
60. My first is in orange, but not in red; My next is in Edith, but not in Fred; My third is in olive, but not in oil; My fourth is in boiler, but not itn boil ; My fifth is in Rachel, but not in Maud; My sixth is in praising, but not in laud; My seventh is in camel, but not in pig; My eighth is in damson, but not in fig; My ninth is in bacon, but not in pork; My tenth is in Cheshire, but not in York; My eleventh is in William, but not in Minnie; My twelfth is in nonsense, but not in silly; My thirteenth's in reckon, but not in add; My fourteenth's in goodness, but not in bad; My whole, I think, to you will name A tale in WEDDING BELLS of fame. W. F. TRINDER. 61. My first is an English river; my second is sick ; my third is a vowel; and my whole is a character in "Roberto the Brigand," in the YOUNG MEN OF GREAr' BRITAIN. 5W. F. TRINDER. 62. Truthful; to incite; a celebrated poet; a mountain near Troy; a vale ; to hit ; the Graces; a sphere; a Scottish chevalier; a number; a town in Devon ; passion. The initials give a pleasant feature of WEuDING BELlS. THOMAS PlINDER AND SILVA. 63. One of the muses; to pursue; bad; to sweetens; lost; an English poet; a newt; a tale by James; a number; mist; an English king; the morning star; an Italian painter. The initials give a memorial building lately in- augurated by the Queen. TIIOMAS PINDER AND SILVA. 64. A bird; a town in France ; a bird (curtailed) ; a weed; an author ; a country in Asia; a favourite opera (cur- tailed); you will see this in most schools; a girl's name (curtailed); a girl's name; an animal; a measure; a puzzle (curtailed) ; a boy's name. The initials read down- wards, and the finals upwards, will name an author, and one of his works. IsNG LEAR. 65. A puzzle; an animal of the buffalo kind (curtailed) ; a river in Cornwall ; a number; a greasy liquid ; want. The initials and finals, read downwards, will name an author and one of his works. KING LEAs. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS. No. 283. 36. Sir Charles Napier; Charles, Paris, rich, Ellen. 37. Anglesey. S8. Spenser; Scott, Pope, Eclhard, Newton, Stewart, Elliot, I:odney. 33. The Story of a London Arab; brother, Robert, Day, Belfast, heron, Derry, hand. 40. Paul Priestley. 41. Roberto the Brigand; negro, Robert, robber, tea, hand. 42. The Young Men of Great Britain; The Mystery of Haggard Hollow; TrenT, HarlecH, EvE, YaM, OrkneY, United StateS, NatcheT, GeorgE, Man- chesteR, ElY, NO, OF, FrencH, GenoA, ReadinG, EthelinG, AdA, Trafagalt, BustarD, RedditcH, 10, TouL. ArchangeL, IO, NoW. 43. Madagascar; Gad, Sam, car, gas, sad. 44. Mad Tommy; toy, mat, mamma, Tom. 45. E END WAGER ENGLAND GLADE AND D 46. Affghanistan; Fang, night, fantasia. 47. Europe, Africa; ElbA, UnbelieF, ReculveR, Obl, PacifiC, EtnA.