Crxca fcor Ir Ujc ýnzhioum'.
'** ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and muast be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or I charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will disqualify the sender from any future insertion in these columns. I am a name of 13 letters. We were going for a picnic by water. My 13, 8, 6, 7, 10 was ready, and off we sailed, and with a fair wind we reached the spot where we landed. We dined in my 6, 8, 3, 12, and afterwards sat on therocks. One had my 6, 7, 2, 4, 11 to sit on; another found a mossy 9, 4, 6, 7, 12, whilst for a Turk who was with us we fitted up a 1, 4, 3, 8, 9. Coming home, the young people were going to 1, 2, 9, 6, 12 on deck, but that cruel 10, 13, 11, 2, 9, 10, the sea, seemed determined to 10,, 12, 2, 6, 7 them that it was improper, and so they were not able. Now, reader, if you can solve this question, you will have the name of a great sculptor. WILLIAMI H. UTTLEY. II. A river that flows o'er English soil, My first will rightly name; For my next, transposed, some people toil, To carry them on to fame. Transpose my third, then there'll appear What bors in school-time mostly fear. If now my fourth you'd bring to view, A preposition small will do. My last transpose, and then a light Will quickly beam before your sight. Uncommon, or remarkable, MIy whole doth simply mean; Now think awhile, and very soon The answer you will glean. ALFRED PARKER. III. My first is animate ; my second is inanimate; and m) whole is the name of a distinguished traveller. ROBERT H ,ARDIE. IV. Place letters twenty-five aright And form a diamond square ; A vowel first you must indite, My second will declare To you a Christian female name. _My third is to replace, My form of fourth in battle field, You quickly here may trace. My tifth a foreign isle will name, Mly sixth is for to hire; And for my last, a substantive, Just place at your desire. And from your left please read around, Then, doubtless, you'll recall A motto which to you's well-known, And which I wish you all. TIIHOMIAS LORD. Two hundred ho-semen are swimming their horses over a large river. They cross it safely, and the young prince, who rides in front, passes the sentinels, with the words, " Ha! St. George; you keep bad watch there." They ride right into the camp, and cutting the ropes of a tent, the chief gives the war cry, and rushing among the Sstartled soldiers, they cut them down by scores. Required the names of the persons. CHARLES DENNINGI VI. My whole is a bird, My seconds a metal, Which will, as I've heard, Make saucepan or kettle. My first is to spoil, Such as good fame to blight, New tale book to soil, Or tear your best kite. A. STIRLING. My whole is a feast; deprive me of two-sixths, and I become a terror to seamen Restore me, and lop off my extremity, and I am an appurtenant to royalty; divide me into two equal parts, my first is an abbreviation of majesty, and my second is a liquor which most Britons prize. Lastly, transpose me, and I give you the name of a celebrated tenor singer. WILLIAM HOOKIER. VIII. There is a number consisting of 3 digits; the first is 2 more than the second, and the third one more than the first ; the sum of the digits is 20. What is the number ? WILLIAM G. BUSSELL. IX. By the alteration of two letters, a domestic animal is made a pest, a pest is made an article of dress, an article of dress is made grease, grease is made a man's name, a man's name is made an article in a brewery, an article in a brewery is made into a man's name, a man's name is made into a deep hole, a deep hole is made a darling, and a darling is made the reverse to dry. J. W. AITKENS. That my first out of notlhing was made, is true, And placed in a land, whose beauties were new; My second's a fruit, in shop windows oft seen, Not very expensive, and my colour not green; My whole is to order, as all must agree, So please send the answer through this Journal to me. W. G. JONES. XI. I consist of 15 letters. My 4, 6, 12, 8 is part of the body; my 9, 10 11, 7, 2,14, is a part of the day ; my 11, 6, 5 is a small animal; my 1, 10, 5, 10 is a town in Italy; my 9, 10, 11, 5, 6, 13, 14 is a town in France; my 15, 6, 9, 2, 7, 3 is the ruin of many. My whole is one of Lord Lyttan's novels. GEORGE 0. TEARLE