(grad ¢rs for t1e 3ugDxtau5.
*,* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are reguired, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solutions are pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 156. A consonant ; a conjunction ; a fruit; a false prophet; a city in Palestine: an Athenian orator; a musical com- poser; a famous French writer; one of the Barbary states; a beverage ; a consonant. The centrals will give the name of an Athenian orator. H. HULL. 157. Even; a girl's name: an impatient exclamation; a bird ; before; not. The initials give the term for a brass plate. THos. PINDER AND SILVA. 1.8. A meadow; aged : an extinct republic; anger; agirl's name; a distinguished painter; a woman's name. The initials give the name of a French dramatic writer. THOS. PINDER AND SILVA. 159. A consonant; active hostility between nations; a race- horse; a nursery for rooks ; the second state into which insects of the lepidopterous class pass in the course of their development; the act of tending to the centre ; a new story in the BOYS OF ENGLAND; used only by technical writers; circularity; a county of England lying on the German Ocean; to mount or climb by ladders; a custom; a consonant. H. CATTELL. 160. Whole, I am seen in the " Arabian Nights ;" behead and transpose, I am a presentiment ; behead, and I am the plural of man. A. J. PADFIELD. 161. To play for money; behead, and I am a pace between a walk and a trot; transpose, I am to censure; again trans- pose, and I am a girl's name; behead, and I am a man's name; transpose, and I am an island; again, and I am competent; drop one letter and transpose, I am a liquor. A. J. PADFIELD. 162. A town in Kent ; a town in Middlesex; atown in Cam- bridgeshire; a town in Surrey, a town in Burkule- ham.hire ; a town in Dorsetshire ; a town in Berk-hi e; a town in Su-sex; a town in Yorkshire. The initials will name a celebrated African traveller. JOHN MINNES. 163. My first is in bottle, but not in cup; My next is In famished'.hut not in sup; My third is in scarlet, but not in pink; My fourth is in pewter, but not in zinc; My fifth is in baron, but not in squire; My sixth is in oven, but not in tire; My seventh is in o,,our, but not in smell; My eighth is in clangour, but not in bell; My ninth is in violet, but not in green; My tenth is in gazing, but not in seen; My eleventh is in bending, but not in twirl; My twelfth is in ringlet, but not in curl; My whole a tale to you will name In the BOYS OF ENGLAND of great fame. WV. F. TIINDER. 164. I consist of 19 letters. My 2, 12,14 is a bird; my 10, 5, 1 is a nasty animal; my 7, 6, 4 is misty; my 15, 13, 19 is wickedness; my 16, 17, 14 is a number; my 11,18, 7, 3 is to conceal; my 9, 8, 8, 1 is a member of the human body. My whole is a splendid tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. W. F. TRINDER. 165. A number; a pitcher; a title; a flower; a bay in England. The central letters read downwards will name a celebrated reformer. R. CROSSLEY. 166. A river in Scotland; a precious stone; a bird; a town in Scotland; a tree; a gulf in Italy; a town in Scot- land. The centrals read downwards will bring to your view a painter. R. CROSSLEY. 167. A town in Scotland; a bird; a bird; an author; a tree; a messenger. The central letters read downwards will name a celebrated general. b R. CROSSLEY. 168. An officer; an animal; to please; a weapon; a bird; a lake in Ireland; an animal ; two vowels; a weight. r The initials and finals read downwards will name two kinds of guns. f R. CROSSLEY. 169. A vowel; an animal; a mistake; a kind of fruit; a battle ; a weight; a beverage. The centrals read down- wards and across will name a kind of fruit. R. CROSSLEY. 170. A consonant; a river in Switzerland; a girl's name; a vegetable; a girl's name; an oval-shaped article; a vowel. The centrals read downwards and across will name a vegetable. I R. ChveSLEIY.
171. An insect.; a weapon; a musical instrument; a plant; a vessel; an aniinal; a o,.nsonant. The centrals read downwards and across will name a plant. R. CROSSLEY. 172. 1. A celebrated Italian painter, born 1585, died 1650. He w~s an excellent portrait painter, and was also dis- tinguished for his frescoes. 2. A' celebrated German landscape painter, born 1737, died 1807. 3. A very distinguished Spanish sculptor, born 1768, died about 1827. 4. A distinguished British mathematician and natural philosopher, born 1671, died 1721. 5. A celebrated poet, born 1774, died 1843. He was the translator of " Amadis de Gaul " and " The Chronicle of the Cid " 6. A distinguished architect, born 1454, died 1509. He was commonly called " II Cronaca," from his ability in relating stories. 7. A Scotchman, born 1680, died 1756. He was the founder of a considerable sect of seceders from the Established Church in Scotland, called the Secession Church. 8. An Italian painter of some renown, born 1484, died 1542. He was a pupil of Raphael, andoneof hisprincipal assistants in the Vatican. 9. A celebrated physician, born 1524, died 1683. He was the author of various medical works, and was well known by the use made of his name in ecclesiastical discussions. My whole is a celebrated poet and dramatist, born 1664, died 1616. The full answer is required. Ar'I'aU JAMES PADFIELD.