Drat fir e t rfnlenxz s.
*% ORIGIIAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributionfrom the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 179. This means to think, or to suppose; What means to stroll this doth disclose; An eclipse this will surely be; A pit of water now you'll see. --Square words. THOMAS ATKINSON. 180. A beautiful bird in this is seen; Our good M. P.'s are this, I ween; This names a country, you will find ; This stands for tidy, bear in mind. -Square words. THOMAS ATKINSON. 181. This is enjoyment, I believe ; A kind of mark pray now conceive; A female's Christian name now find; This is a length of time you'll mind. -Square words. THOMAS ATKINSON. 182. In whole I am one of the loveliest months of the year; behead and rehead, and I name a fairy; again behead, and return a fresh one, and I name a bird; again and I name a word of disaffirmance; again, and I mean a song; again, and I am a beam of intellectual light; again, and I mean to declare, or utter in words; once more, and I mean to recompense. THOMAS ATKINSON. 183. Weapons; a brave man; to arouse; a girl's name; a title; a bird (twice curtailed); a boy's name; an old British coin; a girl's name; a bird. The initials, if you read them down, Will name to you a poet of renown; The finals, read the same way, Another poet they will display. SPHINX. 184. A vehicle; a dye; a weapon; a boy's name; a bird (curtailed); a town in Scotland; a fish ; a covering for the head ; a river in France; a girl's name. The initials and finals read down will name two English towns. SPHINX. 185. A consonant; what confines water; a maiden's name; an artist's article; a clergyman's cap; dined; a vowel. Read down and across the same. JOHN G. WILSON. 186. My first is in lament, but not in sorrow; My second is in to-day, also in to-morrow; My third is in natation,bat not in swim; My fourth is in bright, but not in dim ; My fifth is in farewell, but not in adieu ; My sixth is in me, but not in you ; My seventh is in link, but not in chain ; My eighth is in sleet, but not in rain; My ninth is in grotesque, but not in funny; My last is in wealth, but not in money; And the whole is the name of a famous poet. 187. My first is in vermilion, but not in red ; My second is in substitute, but not in stead ; My third is in omelet, but not in cake; My fourth is in shovel, but not in rake ; My fifth is in Mitcham, but not in Surrey; My sixth is in peppercorn, but not in curry; And the whole is a musical instrument. 188. A city in Europe ; a title; our country is this; a short sleep; an English seaport; a British colony in Africa; a female's name; a quadruped. My initials and finals spelt downwards will name two animals. 189. To do my first is very wrong, But often it is done By schoolboys very fond of fruit- An apple, or a plum; My second can never be " out;" My third you'll find a colour; Fourth, part of a man who's dull and stout, Or, a woman, perhaps, duller; My whole is a pretty little bird, Well known by one and all. He may be seen when the trees are green, And when the snow does fall. 190. One 1, one o, two r's and a t, One n, one i, one h, one g, Two s's, three e's and a solitary c; If you read these letters right, An English county comes to sight. 191. I consist of 10 letters. My 3, 8, 6 is a liquor; my 5, 7, 8, 9, 10 is a point of the compass; my 6, 7, 4, 10 is an insect; my 1, 2 is a river in Italy. My whole is a port in England. 192. A town in England; a boy's name; a painter; a mea- sure; a bird (reversed); a girl's name; a goblin; this never comes ; a character in Jack Harkaway Among the Brigands; a town in France; a girl's name. The initials and finals read down will name two characters in Wild- sap Will. R. CROSSLEY.
193. You'll find me in the sparkling stream, Whose waters in the sunlight gleam ; And in sweet flowers of every hue, The vaulted skies so fair and blue. I'm in the forest and the trees; And in the perfume-laden breeze. In colours, too, both red and green, No doubt my little form is seen. The gem, the jewel and the pearl, The queen, the throne, and titled earl; All these, if I may make so bold, You'll find my little form doth hold. S. CLARKE. 194. 50 and manes A male's Christian name. 150 ,, asher A male's Christian name. 50 ,, wo A bird. 1000 ,, ottyih A male's Christian name. 50 ,, souai A female's Christian name. 1050 ,, eaia A female's Christian name. 1005 ,, erenbo One of the months of the year. 500 ,, noyek An animal. The primals read downwards name a country. S. CLARRE. 195. I consist of 11 letters. My 1, 7, 8, 9 is an animal; my 2, 5 is a preposition; my 3, 4, 6, 10, 11 is a girl's name. My whole is a town on the Continent which was the scene of a battle. 196. A girl's name; a girl's name ; an animal ; a part of the compass; level; a river in England; a boy's name; a country in Europe; a vegetable; a girl's name; a fish; an animal; a town in England; a boy's name; a girl's name; a number; a river in England; a lake in America; a boy's name; a vessel; a river in France; a measure; a vegetable; an animal; a metal; a town in France; a boy's name. The initials will name an im- portant feature in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. R. CROSSLEY. 197, A spring of water; one half of an animal; a game ; a vehicle; a fuel; a river in France; a bird (twice cur- tailed); a town in England; a river in Germany; an animal; a town in England; a poet; animals; a battle; an Eastern magistrate; a hut; a lake in America; a com- mand. The initials and finals read down will name a splendid tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. R. CROSSLEY. 198. In whole, I am a length of time; change head, and I mean to perceive by the ear; again, and I am a kind of dread ; again, and I mean what is precious or beloved; again, and I am a grizzly beast; again, and I mean to separate by violence, or a fluid which is secreted by the lachrymal gland; again, and I am a fruit; again and I mean in the background; again, and I mean that which is not far away. THOMAS ATKLNSON. 199. No doubt my whole you all like very well, But as a grand secret to you I will tell That it's part of a pig, and I'm sure we'd regret it, If by some sad misfortune, we couldn't get it. Please change my head and a fresh one restore, And if you are civilised, I'm certain before The present you've handled this eating utensil, As sure as with ink I this ne'er-tiring pen fill. Once more, witty riddler, I ask you again To change my head quickly, and you'll see quite plain, The name of a county which in England is seen, And to it quite often I've truthfully been. If you@l take the trouble once more to behead, And a brand new letter place there in its stead; A substance you'll view which is oft brought to use; After that explanation, exit my muse. THOMAS ATBLNSON. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 464. 170. Hawick, Teviot; HearT, AzurE, WaV(er): IndI(a), CuckoO, KenT. 171. A log, gaol. 172. Bath, Avon; BilboA, AV(on), Tw0O, Hel. 173. P NET VITAL VIcEROY OVERREACH PETERSIMPLE FRIGIDIT G R A M p A AS PEN ELF E 174. TRAP R OMIE A MEN PENS 175. Man, pan, ran. 176. E ADA C L A I E D STRANGLED EDWINJ.BRETT TR 0 BONES S H O RTEN TRENT ATE T 177. Nothing. 178. MABEL ADELA BELLS ELLIS LASSO