19mim fffr #.ýc 1 xrg.cu a .
*** ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, a must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle charade received after this date, and found to have been cop from other publications, will not be inserted, and no furlt/ contribution from the same person will be accepted. I. A, B, 0, &- D enter into partnership, each contributing 5, 9, 11, 15 respectively. They every day expect a ves with a valuable cargo on board; but it founders at sea. the vessel had reached the harbour safely they would ho gained £2,500. As it is they lose .£1,500. How much weo each have gained had it come safe home-and how mu will they lose because the ship was lost ? F. BENDALL II. There's a certain number which consists of 4 figures. the second be divided by 4 it will give the first; if the si be multiplied by 3 it will give the third ; and if the fou: be multiplied by 2 it will give the second. The amount the first and second is equal to the amount of the third , fourth; and the sum of all the figures is 20. Now whoa the number ? W. E. KING (Pockham) Why is the ' Boys of England " like n good echo ? W. E. KINo. (1'eckhtlO)
IV. 1. The first line of an ainy (reversed) ; 2. A town in Nortbamptonshire; '3. A mace-bearer in ciAthedrals; 4. An iron ore; 5. A kind of strong grass; G. Come (F) ; 7. A lynx or panthgr,(eurtailed) ; 8. A town in Carminrthen- shire ; 9. A very flhe'blu:; 10. The Goddess of Revenge; 11. The first tragic poet ; 12. A fairy; 13. Had (F); 14. The point of a spur; 15. A rural deity;.16. An European country (reversed); 17. Quick (F) ;18. One of the Ionian Islands' 19. A man's name; 20. A plant. The initials-of 'he above read downwards will name a grand event which lately came off ; and the finals the same way, the unanimous opinion expressed upon it. GEORGE' WILIAMa NORWOOD. V. 1. To smear; 2. A woman's Christian name; 3. A title of honour; 4. Eager; 5. Now and then; 6. A foolish attempt; 7. To entreat; 8,. To put in possession; 9. Justice; 10. A goddess of corn; 11. Indiscreet; 12. The God of Sea; 13. The down of plants ; 14. A fee; 15. One of Shakespeare's plays ; 16. A goddess of infants. The initials read downwards will name a celebrated general; the finals a battle which he fought. TYRO. vI. In my original state, I am an ox ; change my head, I am to pluck; again, I am solitary ; again, 1 am not empty ; again, I am a sea biid ; again, I am a town in Yorkshire; sagain, I am a Scottish islanl ; again, I am an invalid again, I am to draw to. H. C. VII. Arrayed with all the grandeur of a Southern State, A motley crowd of priests and nobles wait Within a vast majestic pile, Thronging each cloistered arch and spacious aisle. The dim light streams through figured mullioned pane, Tinting the stately roof and slender pillars with parti- coloured stain. Beneath a massive throne that gorgeous shines, A young and lovely woman half reclines; Around her form, so statuesque and cold, Sweep royal robes of heavy velvet fold ; A priceless circlet binds her broad still brow, And transitory haloes o'er the dark hair throw. A knight is kneeling at her feet upon the tesselated stone, Clasping one outstretched hand within his own. At length he speaks, with strangely eloquent appeal, And bids the guilty for forgiveness to the injured kneel. lie heedeth not the clamorings of the throng, As trembling affright they pressed along. Silently in turn each priest and warrior advance,' The bravest fearfully with wandering backward glance ; A shuddering hiss upon the silent hand is pressed, And oaths of fealty and homage reluctantly expressed. MABEL MOORE. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 58. I. David Chantrey ; yacht, cave, chair, niche, divan, lance, tyrant, teach. II. Ex-tra (art) ord (rod) in-ary (ray). III. Livingstone. E A ae Y RENEW HOSTI L E Ac I I N PAY P V. Douglas, making'himself acquainted with the English password, crossed the river Weir, and having passed the antinels, gave his cry, " A Douglas I a Douglas . English thieves, ye are all dead men ;" then falling upon the surprised foes, he killed about 300 of them, and escaped to his own camp. VI. Martin. VII. E. Galer; regale, gale, regal, reg, ale. VIII. The numbers are 7, 5, 8S. IX. eat, rat, hat, fat, wat,'vat, Pat, pit, pet, wet. X. Mandate. XI. Night and Morning; hand, morning, rat, note, Mortain, gaming. ACCEPTED. -John Webb, W. H. Linton, Javerness Ja- cobus, If. White, J. W. Tickel,'I. A. Sherburn, G. Barrett, Robert Ward, J. Rawlinson, M. Williams. A. Davage, A Soldier, E. F. Maddock, Charlie Whoakes, Harry H. 1em- ruing, Henry T. Malony, W. IH. Wool, E. Williams, C. B. 'onupland, J. Whittaker, B. O. Brough, William Hayes, E. ]t. Turner. DECLINED WITH THANlKS (many of the subjects pre- viously used).-S. A. Edwards, F. A., J. H., Joseph Collett, Arthur John Whitehead (no solution), H. D. Sargeant, Cut- and-come-again, George J. Allen, Arthur Hay (only one a" in Napoleon), A Sly Reader, Samuel Bourne (no de- tailed answer), G. Messenger, Beau Randle, Bertha Tickel, It. Strong, W. J. Martin (your spelling is capable of im- provement), A. J. Dolderson (we have a strong doubt as to the originality of your contribution), Allan U. Cooper (no detailed answer), Lewis Fortescue (no detailed answer), J. Logan, H. B. P., D. Moses, E. Hambridge (very recently 0sed), T. Benjamin (a barefaced piracy), Robert Ward, . P. T., A. Green (your first has appeared; the seeond is uolitical, which we intend entirely to avoid), G. O. Tearle, Dick Turpin (highwaymen's contributions are not accepted by us), J. H. Worthington (very well drawn 'up, but only of local importance), R. L. Jolly (your !puzzle answers itself), George H. Simpson (your problem could only be solved by persons connected with, we presume, the carpet aunufsacture), Ivanhoe. SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.-J.IB., A Reader, Aston Butcher Boy, Robert W. Watkin (you have not sent the solution of Yoer own puzzle), W. B. Richardson, WYm. Carrol, J. J. olgcenzle (thanks for your promise regarding the Life- 's.t; we are anxious to get it afloat), W. G. Perks, Spitfire, William Bell (we were familiar with your puzzle in our School-days), W. Armstrong, David ( ay, Charles Taylor (the error occurred in printing ; Jid. is correct), A. Taylor (see previous answer), Jos. G. Chapman, Walter Baker, rald Iloydl, A. J. Crowthor, Thister, S. Griinwald, John ti')xnder James (you have only partially solved the ques. tien.) "