itradsefit r iJ i 110airr nus.
*d OnIoINAL CONTRIBUTIONs ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answcers sent with them. 550. My primal will be a number you'll see ; An animal place for my second ; In this journal is found my third. I'll be bound; And a town for my fourth I have reckoned lly fifth it will state what is to animate; lly sixth I hope you will never ; Add centre of one, now, readers, I've done ; The answer pray find if you're clever. The centrals read across and down Will indicate an English town. JOSE PH CnEETIIAI. 551. IMy first is in man, but not in beast; My second is in famine, also in featst; Mly third is in king, but not in queen ; My fourth is in black, but not il green; ly fifth is in brown, but not in white; ly sixth is in bark, but not in bite; lly seventh is in quick, but not in slow; My eighth is iin oakumn.:hut not in tow ; 11y ninth. and ]ist, you 11 find in fame; These part unite iand they will natme A character %\ horn you must seek In the BoYS OF ENGLAND every week. JosEPti Cii 'rlsTIIAM. I'm found in mastifl, not in dog; I'm found in marsh, but not in bog; I'm found in meadow. and in lea; I'm found in tman, but not in me ; I'm found in bad, but not in good; I'm found in artery, not in blood; I'm found in woman, not in girl; I'm found in diamond, and in pearl; I'm found in caper, and in prance; I'm found In England, and in France; I'm found in Austria, not in Rome; I'm found abroad, but not at horme; I'm in the sea, but not on shore; I'm always with the tempest's roar. Now come, my friends, of riddling tame, Pray find nme out-what is my name ? JOSEPHI C(liIEl'rIAM,. 553. For my primal a consonant please to indite; What is owing my second will show; in the heavens above us my third's seen at night; In this journal my fourth is, I know; My fifth is an insect, to plants 'tis a pest; lily sixth will a plant bring to view; Mlly last is a vowel, my friends, try your best, Tue answer to find out. Adieu. JOSEPtH CIIEETIIA3r. 554. lMy first is a shrub which people often drink; my second is a short French word; and my whole is a junior master in a school. WILLIAIM lIEGGLNSON. 555. My first is a part of England ; my second is a kind of wine; tand imy whole is a town oif lgluand. WILLIAM MEGGINSON. 556. My 6, 2, 9, 4, 7 is a girl's name; my 11, 10, 1 is a tree; my 3, 2, 3, 7, 5 is a tree which bears flowers; my 4, 7, 6, 3.2, 7 is a flower ; imy 6, 7, 8, 10 is a small animal ; my whole is a tale in the BuYs OF ENGLANxD. ALBERT EDWARD WOOD.