x xz ex~a ibe so Exr An 4Z us
e,* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, andmust be accompanied bt name and address, Any Puzzle or Chara/de received after this dale, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no firther contributions fromn the same person will be accepted. vo puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- tetly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must yave FULL answers sent with them. 743. My first is what means insane ; my second is a vowel; my third is produced from a mineral; my fourth is a vehicle; and my whole is a well-known island. DIOGENES. 744. My first is in cold, but not in hot; My second is in feathers, but not in flock; My third is in anxious, but not in fear; My fourth is in stout, but not in beer ; My fifth is in love, but not in dear; My sixth is in one, but not in more; And my whole was once a great inventor. LAWrERNCE LYONS, 745. MIy first is a cooking-utensil; my second is a vowel; my third is a part of the lhuman fr,me; my whole is a vegetable, DIOGENES. 746. That very even this does mean, I think you'll all agree. Now read it either way, my friends, I'm sure the same you'll see. JACK GALLAHER. 747. An English town if you transpose, A jewel bright it will disclose. J ACK GALLAILER. 748. I am found in water, but not in land; I am found in arm, also in hand; I am found in blue, also in blac'; I am found in Donald. but not in Jack; I am found in sailor, but not in ship; I am found in cane, but not in whip I am found in pea, also in bean. These letters put aright, a Scottish hero will be seen. WILLIAM FINLAYSON. 749. My first is in jog, but not in log ; My second isin field, but not in bog; My third is in Mary, but not in Polly; My fourth is in Dorothy, but not in Dolly; My fifth is in young, but not in old ; My sixth is in tiger, but not in lair; My seventh is in horse, but not in mare ; DIy eighth is in win, but not in lose; My ninth is in begin, bat not in close; My tenth is in mirth, but not in fun; My eleventh is in bowl, but not in run; My twelfth is in low, but not in high; My last is in tears, but not in cry. My whole is a character in "' \Wldcap Will." II. BOOrTt. 750. If the centre you delete Of an Irish river's name, Then I think you'll have complete A portion of the hsuman frame. JACK GALLAIIER.