DOUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC AND HIDDEN
1 " In perils oft," at sea the apostle found By shipwreck he was likely to be drown'd. Euroclydon tempestuous him drave Near to an isle, the name of which I crave, 2 The mountains of the Scriptures oft display Some mighty deed done. In an ancient day A great transaction-great to you and me, Occur'd on this one, as you will agree. 3 Among the many changes of the past, When men and places oft their old names cast Adopting new ones. This took place at Dan. This city's former name say, if you can ? 4 " The foolishness of preaching" saveth those Who hear, and in the Gospel plan repose. This woman heard and so, obedient came To be baptized, according to the same. 5 How many men did Esau bring to meet His brother Jacob, who did once him cheat? To this the number add of Noah's years When floods of water gave to men their fears. 6 The dying prophet called his sons around For each he some appropriate parting found; Among the animals he mentioned there, Place down the one you find that fits in here. 7 The patriarch Jacob built an altar where He had a blessing once before, when there. He named the place anew because of this- A foretaste of his everlasting bliss. 8 Two Testaments or Covenants there are Which for salvation purposes do jar. One " gendereth to bondage" says the Word, Say whence this is, and thus some light afford. 9 When navies were not usually found We read of one was oft to Ophir bound; Among its various merchandize, which see, Select the name of this important tree. 10 The tribe of Benjamin possess'd a man, His name was Rimmon, so that you now can Turn to the Scriptures and his two sons see, Here now record the former one to me. 11 What one of old despised and sold away,- Which was to him a very evil day; The eldest son, it always was his due, This sad event he afterwards did rue. Canonbury. W. 0.
HIDDEN TEXT. mseber now thy Creator in the days of thy youth." r not them which kill the body." tall the ends of the earth fear him." ny waters cannot quench love; neither can the oe it." th Lord liveth, and blessed be my rock." b Lord prolongeth the years of them which fear him. ' he Lord knoweth the days of the upright." JOSEPH 0. HEATHFIELD. 'SwERS TO FEBRUARY NUMERICAL ENIGMA. extof 22 letters is,-" His banner over me was love." 4.) ,4, 22, 9, a bishop must be-Sober. ,2, 3, the name of Timothy's grandmother-Lois. 6, 5, 7, the name of Azel's son-Hanan. 13, 20, 7, the name of Jochebed's son-Aaron. 9,2,21,15, 3, the mount on which Jesus sat-Mount ,14,the name of the tree which the children of Israel cense under-Elm. ,5,19, 12, the fish that swallowed Jonah-Whale. 17,2,17,1, the name of Bani's son-Vaniah.-E.W. et answers have also been sent by C. M. Allistone ; W. Carlton, A.R.B., G.W.W., W. Stonebridge, H. s, W. E. King, K. Kelly, R. Hover, A. A. Lyles, Bell, W. Snell, D. R. Little, R. Robinson, E. Hall, So, S. A. Parish, W.M., B. Hesford, M. E. Allchin, 0, Heathfield. ANswERS TO HIDDEN TEXT. meditation of him shall be sweet." (Ps. civ. 34.) "Sweet in the confidence of faith To trust his firm decrees; Sweet to lie passive in his hands, And know no will but his. "If such the sweetness of the streams, What must the fountain be ? Where saints and angels draw their bliss Immediately from thee ! "-H. J. STEVENS. "With joy we meditate the grace Of our High Priest above; His heart is made of tenderness His bowels melt with love."- Sent by E.W., E. J. Taylor, and G. Picknell. and H. M. Allistone, L. and W. Carlton, A.R.B., aebridge, G. Kirby, W. Ruse, L. Kelly, R. Hover,
A. A. Lyles, W. Snell, D. R. Little, R. L. Brown N. Ackers, W.M., W. H. Ponsford, B. Hesford, a Allohin also send correct replies.