DOUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC AND CHARADE.
1 The heavenly messengers proclaim'd A judgment, so the place they named. 2 King David, many sons had he But please to name this one to me. 3 Be first thy offering to subscribe, Like this good man of Judah's tribe. 4 Where Peter o'er dead Dorcas pray'd, And where he with a tanner stay'd. 5 These giants must be dispossess'd, Before the Israelites can rest. 6 A port where the Apostle Paul Did all the church's elders call. 7 A holy compound made of old- No more on this point need be told. 8 Samuel and David both did dwell At this place, which now please to toll.
Two names of different saints do now appear, The second shed much blood for many a year. God's grace is sovereign, it can all things do, It met with this man and his malice slew ; Brought captive to the feet of his dear Lord, He ne'er against his truth could say one word. What conquering power here is manifest, That foes against his kingdom should be blest, Alike defying all the rage of hell And man's inherent nature to rebel. BIBLICAL CHARADE. A BLESSED admonition of our Lord, And, later, echoed by his servants too ; We all do well to heed this timely word Alas ! we oft forget its warning true. Security and strength here have their name ; While both are symbolized by this, we see How short all earthly figures fall, and lame, To set forth heavenly things; here all agree. One word in Genesis will well convey The meaning which is here but shadow'd forth, Two fathers used it in that ancient day, And even now 'tis used for its own worth. Catford. W.C.I ANSWERS TO SEPTEMBER HIDDEN TEXT. " Be gentle unto all men." (2 Tim ii. 24.) "Make us of one heart and mind, Courteous, pitiful, and kind; Let us each for other care; Each another's burdens bear." 0. GLENCsOs M. F. Levy also sends " The Scripture in support of line:" (1) Ps. cxix. 6; (2) 2 Pet. ii. 18; (3) Ps. xix (4) ver. 4; (5) cxxxvi. 1. [Nos. 1 and 2 dropped out month, and by an oversight of our own "unto" was a read "to." Page 256.] ANSWER TO DOUBLE ACeIOSTIC. 1. J eroeia If. 2 O n 0. 3 N icodemnu S. 4 A x E. 5 IH ammedath A. We have not received an answer to the Acrosuic any young friend. ,-T>' .