ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
227. SQUARE WORD. My first is often taken, I ween ; In my next a female name is seen ; This is on the look out, I ken ; To wait upon my next will be ; To come in, is my last, you'll see. Robert. 228. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant; a destroyer; an island on the Scotch coast ; a covering for a window ; one versed ia zoology ; a farce; a story in the "Young Englishman;" a cele¬ brated author ; asong-biri; a poet of the old time; a domestic article; three consonants; a vowel. The centrals read downwards will name a famous story in the " Young Englishman." W. Cotlb (Londonderry).
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Hurrah I for our primais and finals, For in thrm'you'll goon see the name Of я young, but>n excellent journal, Whieh has in four months won great fame : By investing a " brown," you oan weekly peruse, Its romancee, andjriddles, and store of good news. Witli a^bis¡of pure gold in your coffers, Fine houses aad land yoa could bay ; For this Iţhave had some good ollera, And to-morrow hell certainly die ; If this could be banished, all people Woald Uve iu contentment and bliss ; A magniflcent^church and fine steeple Ielfound.in this oity, I wis ; Somekthese I once.found in a cutter, And with them I had a nice row; Take heed, and a this never otter, For it may cause sorrow and woe ; I like to take a nice ramble When thie one, reversed, sheds her light. And, seated beneath a hoge bramble, Pastimes, for thie journal indite ; The largo'.firm of Barclay and Pin о You'll find in thia seaport, I guess ; A good final, and;plenty of " rhino," Isa blessing few people posse eg. Bïmlai· (Sheffield). 230. CHARADE. My flrst is a man's name ; My second is a trade ; My whole is a famous wit. W. Соуье (Londonderry) 281. ί DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant ; and a bird of fame ; My third is a man's Christian цате ; This is a town in Palestine, of renown My fifth Is an A Biatle town ; Thia is a'division of Italy, I ween ; A coin in my seventh la seen ; My eighth is a female name ; My last is one fourth of dame. The'oentrale, read aerose and down, Will name to you an Asiatic town. R. Obosslst- 882. SQUARE WORD. My'flret is a Scottish lake ; To arouse for my next please take ; My third, if yoa will now transpose, A runner to you it will disclose ; A mistake in my fourth is seen ; My last is a rough paper, I ween. Bombt. 268. CHARADE. My firat, ihe reverse of old it means, Now that I relate it ; In my second a man's name is eeen, I mean abbreviated ; And my third's a tlm· when boys have been Most merry at their games. My .whole's a glorióos story, Deny it those who oan, And islappearing weekly In the " Yonng Englishman." W. Co yl e (Londonderry). 284. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. An exhibition, a herb, to abrogate, anger, and a flower. The initials and finals will name two well-known countries. __ WltUAMS. SOLUTIONS. 217.—Medal, deal, lead. 218.—Snug, guns. 219.—Ue, her. Usher« 220.—Stand, tan, Dan. 221.—Mind, kind, mend, mild, mint. 222.—Lord Byron. Thus:—LaYeR, OrBrO (brood), RaggeDrobiN. 82a- A NEN T C O U,R 1ER HARMONIUM HUMMINGBIRD 224.—Burns, urns. Ш.—Lord Byron. 226.—Kale, ale, le e.