ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
Five different letters will show the word About which the following tale I've heard. The property lies in Lincolnshire, And some short time since it caught on fire: Soon "1, 2 good people," the inmates did cry, "2, 1, help 3, 4, there's water hard by." The neighbours now flocked like bees to a hive, All hoping to be of some 3, 4, 5. Now, pardon me if amid the clatter I mention rather a personal matter. 3 hurriedly rose, and scarce would stay To take e'en a 4, 1, 2, 5 away; But ran off from the midst, and left the rest With 1, 2, 4, 5 to act for the best; Which, joining together, soon stretched a long way, And with helpers to work got into full play; Being constantly fed from the 2, 3, 4, 5, The flames to subdue they soon did contrive. Now, 3 had returned, and 4, 3, 5 sought, So the favourite bird was quickly brought; The plumage of every 1, 3, 5 Was singed (but 4, 1, 5 was alive), And her cage was not worth a 4, 2, 3; Now find out this puzzle and tell it to me. B. E. S.
II. MAKES Th W OUR PRIZE PROVERB is subject to the same conditions as our Prize Puzzle, stated in No. 6, and each of the first six boys or girls who forward correct answers will be entitled to a hand. some book. No answers can be received after the 8th May. III. Anything lately acquired. A woman's name. A kitchen utensil. A number. The den of a wild beast. A title of distinction. A German Christian name. A cruel Roman Emperor. My Initials form the name of a great General, and the Finals the battle in which he was defeated. T. B. B. Iv. Little birds build nests, we all allow; Some hid in a hedge, some perched on a bough; But a bird that I know of has built a nest- The largest, the grandest, the noblest, the best That ever a bird upon earth can have built; For 'tis stonework and woodwork, and painted and gilt. I want both the names of the bird and the nest, They are boasted by England, and dwell in her breast. J. S. D. V. A little girl went forth to play Before my pleasant first, When, lo! her mother brought her out The baby to be nursed. "Oh, what a heavy boy he is ! And yet," says she, " I've reckoned, That if he got as fat again He'd never weigh my second. "I'll make a little cap for him, And place it on his poll; Oh, there now, really now I can't,"- She had not got my whole. UNCLE STEPHEN. Atnswers should be sent to the Editor, 56, Old Bailey.