[nfgmaEttinl ашй flttitwMtit Шшиящ FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. -oo-
Praotical Puzzle. Divide this square into four eQual parts, so as to obtain two dots in each division, and eight in the cenť-e. • • • о ·· i • • • « · • e о • e Biddle. Every female in every land has twenty nails on each hand, Five and twenty on band and feet—a fact which admits of no deceit. Enigma No. 1. On a conspicuous place My sword I do expose, Which I stretch out before my face, Against my daring foes ; And woe to them or him, When once they rise ray ire. For where 1 cannot walk I swim, To accomplish my desire. My sword, though strong and good, By man's hands ne'er was made. Nor yet composed of steel or wood, But yet a well-shap'd blade ; And what I cannot cut With either edge, I saw, And though I've neither hand nor foot, I strike a powerful blow. Ere man was made I was, And still existence claim, So now I think that you cau guess And tell what is my name. Enigma No. 2. Five hundred begins it, Five hundred ends it, Five in the middle is seen ; The first of all figures, The first of all letters, Take up their stations between. Join all together, and then you will bring Before you the name of an eminent king. Enigma No. 3. There was a man, whom you may trace, Who had a certain dwelling-place, So well designed and covered o'er That no one could find fault ; and more, * 'Twas neither built of wood, or stone, Or brick, but principally of bone. 'Twas so contrived, or put together, As to defy the worst of weather. Now, with this introductory clue, An answer I expect from you. Conundrums. Two brothers we are, Great burdens we bear, In which we are bitterly prest; The tmth we must say, We are full all day, And empty when we go to rest. 2. Suppoee a boy, shot in the ribs, cried out with pain, what crime would he name ? 3. Why may a bullet be considered to be blind ? 4. Take from a word signifying nothing the head, and you will find somethiDg. 6. What description of comfort to a tired рбгвоп, beheaded, will reveal tbat which a starving individual would like to do ? 6. What useful portion of a railroad, transposed, will reveal a detestable character î Rebus No. 1. Comnlete, I signify a disagreeable noise ; behead me, and I become that whioh is considered a delicacy at tea time ; decapitate me again, and I denote a certain quantity of paper ; curtail me, and I become an animal.
Bebus No. 2. The name of a town, and that which it is celebrated for will be die. covered in the following words, provided you peruse the initials down war Is and the finals upwards :—Part of yourself curtailed ; a Geraum river ; that which signifies mischievous ; five-sevenths of benevolence · a beautiful flower ; that which means mere than one ; a Chinese shrub · % game played with cards ; and that which implies peculiar. Rebus No. 3. Complete I am that which persons of every rank in society веек in some shape or other ; behead mo, and I become an ornamental portion of female attire ; decapitate me again, and I denote that upon which the destiny of thousands has hung. Charade No. 1. I am composed of seven letters. My 2,4, i is an animal ; my 1, 2, δ, б is a vessel for carrying water ; my 1, 2, 7 is what boye get on Saturday night ; my 2, 5, 6 ie a liquor ; my 4, 2, 5, 6,1 is another name for a girl · my whole is a well-known weaving town in Scotland. < ' Charade No. 2. I am composed of seven letters. My 7, 6 is a King's name ; my 1, 2,4 ie a resting place ; my whole is a thriving village in Australia. Charade No. 3. He whom every Christian adores, joined to three fourths of that which we all abjure, will reveal that which is celebrated every year. Charade No. 4. Myjíreíispartof yourself, my second is part of your dress, and my whole is used for criminals. Charade No. 5. - « My first is a luminary, my second revoais what it does, and my whole signifies a miscellaneous collection. Charade No. 6. My first is a fish, my second is a kind of couch, and my whole implies a cross disposition. SOLUTIONS TO No. 7. Practical /»uzzlh No 1. Í4 4 j '*\ 7 \ ft 8 / S \ io fii 9 I ■ is a \tx\n / A Enigmas.—No. 1. Goodnight, sir; (h)and t(h)ank you(ng) for(t)(f)all you(th) have(n) done. Fare well. No. 2. Judge, Union, Dog, Gutter, Bogle, Nin, Opie, Tea, Hit, Antirrhinum, Sin, Taken out, Inclose, Let, Yell. Charades.—No. 1. Plymouth—Devonshhe. 2. Urido-grjim, Conundrum.—Because it is sure to answer. Who's Who î—First Cousin.