Aigrøartcal attui Жтив.тев Ш,хтШ& FOR LE [SURE MOMENTS.
Decapitation No. 1. When whole, I mean both good aud sweet, And oft am applied to a treat By young and old ! But now, if you cut off my head, I become more brittle than lea 1, And very cold ! Again decapitate, you'll see A French demonstrative 'twill be, Naraed " en ce lieu 1" Again, and then 'twill meet your vision As a small Latin proposition. And now, adieu ! Decapitations No. 2. 1. When whole, ΐ mean to suffocate ; behead me, and I become a parent ; again behead, and I mean not the same. 2. When whole, I am a small particle of Are ; behead mo, and £ am an enclosure; again behead me, and you road of mo in conjunction with Noah. 3. When whole, I am a house for horses ; behead mo, and I am found in most houses ; again behead me, and I shall signify having the power or inclination. 4. When whole, Τ am a short prayer ; behead mo, and I become a gene¬ ration ; again decapitate me, and I am a well-known card. Char abb No. 1. I am a small word, only consisting of six letters, and yet I represent a substanco of immenso utility in the laundry. My 2,3,4, is the juice of pine-trees, aud a name applied to an English sailor: my 5, 3, 2, is a domestic animal, and will sometimes destroy my 4, 3, 2 ; my 1, 2, 8, 4, is a luminous body ; my 3, 4, 5, 6, signifies a building erected in the form of a part of a circle. Lastly, if you go out in bad weather, be sure you wear my 6, 3, 2, or you may c.itch cold. Charade. No. 2. My whole is a term now applied to my second To imply that my first they ought to be reckoned ; But whether or not they fulfil the condition, Courtesy grants it upon supposition. Charade No. 3. My first is always included in my whole, although he may or may not bo my second. "RlUDLE. Dear riddlers all, I'll put you in a fix, Just provo to mo tliat nino is loss than six. Arithmetics Puzzle. A certain fraction's inst double its square ; Pray prove this seeming anomaly rare. Charade No. 4. When thc b luntet us autumn Comes with her golden store, My first, in pensile bea'ity, Ls often tempting soro. Tis theu my noxt rejoice, And gamboLswith the gay ; Partakes iu youthful pleasures, And drives dull caro away. While in the waving corn-fields Is heard the reaper's song ; Deck'd iu my whole so beauteous The songsters roam along. E. Taylor. J. L. Owen. Charade No. 5. My first U used by tho cook, reversed it is what I do ; My second is what ? a boy's namo, well known to each of you ; A vowel will be my third you'll find, aud my fourth I abo claim, But if we perchance change places, why you would bear my namo. My wholo is very comic, nnd reckoned very queer, And doubtless you all will see me before I disappear. -------- J. Hill. SOLUTIONS TO No. 53. Classical Rbikts.—1. Rome—Hermes— Aurora—Discordia—Angeroua —lÆomus — Apollo—Naiades — Tislphono — Hydr ι — Urania —Svlvanus (Rhadamanthus). 2. Python — Ixion — Nectar—Daphne —Urania—Styx (Pindus). Geographical Rbbusks.—1. Swansea —Haddington—Archangel—Nice —Niger—Orizaba—Nankin (Shannon). 2. Allahabad—Versailles—Ithaca —Guatemala—Norkoeping—Otranto—Neuchatel (Avignon). 3. Humber —Ushant—Dumfι ies—Downpatrick—Elgin—Rome—Sophia — Finland— Induä—Erne—Liverpool—Dingle (Huddersfield). Riddle.—(On-I-on) Onion. Anagrams.—Mustard — Porpoise —Salmon—Starling—Swallow—Dum- f tie s—Grouse—Boston—Naples Rebus.—1. China—Chain—Chin—Cain. 2. Orange—Range—Groan— Organ. Transposition.—Flamingo—Cormarant—Porcupine — Giraffe— Kanga¬ roo—Torpedo—Bustard—Partridge—Buzzard—Woodpecker — Peacock — Vulture.