ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. Contributions for insertie» tn this Journal must be endorsed " Enigmatical Pastiiies." Solutions must be sent within six days of publication of the pastimes. AU Utters must he dated. 125
125. ENIGMA. (The answer to this has never yet been discovered. I submit this to your ingenious readers.) An handloss man had a letter to write ; He who read it had lost his sight ; The dumb repeated it word by word ; And dea-f was he who listened and heard. Sent by C. Hf.mmings. 126. DECAPITATION. A kind of plant the whole will state, Which, if you twice decapitate An animal then it will show Wuich sometime* eats the whole, I know, JAЛES Whittaker, P.isley.
127. CHARADE. In sweet Dublin City tho final On primal you might often see, Whicti linai pcrchcu upon the primal A total must certainly be. James Wbittaeeb« 128. PUZZLE. Put down four S's and t>wo P*s, Add M and four I's if you please, Transpose them then and they will show A stream which far away doth flow. James Whittakee» 129. PUZZLE. The firet beheaded is a blow, The last the end of fear w ill show, To take is what comes in between, And whole is—well, below 'tis seen. James Whittakeb». 130. CHARADE. A pronoun first, and for the last A pieno ot' pork put down ; Put ten between, then will be seen, A well-kujwn English town. James Whittakeb. 131. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A famous English doctor this, 2. A writer of stage plays, 3. The third a portion is, I wis, 4. Rome's burner fourth displays. 'к Fifth's an astronomer of fame, (J. And sixth an English town, 7. This wilt a state of metals name, 8. Last put two lettere down. By the initials down you'll say A famous Scot is shown, And the last letters tell same way As what he is well-known. James Wuittakeb, Paisley. 132. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant. A number. A wool-bearing animal. Th» edge ot' cloth. A species of broad-billed duck. Dissolving the stone. Ttie art of writing in secret characters. Hurtful n ss. Λ cape in Asia. A line of seven syl ab'es. Briskness An instrument for measuring round bodies. An attorney Pleasing to the eye. A muscle. A near relation. A vowel The centrals rc.«.u down aud асгоз« name an Asiatic Cape. William P. Hartley. 133. CONICAL PUZZLE. A consonant for first put down, This is a weapon of renown ; My third is a female christian name, And this is a bird of fame ; For my fifth α flower is веем. My sixth is another one, I ween. The centrals read dowu with care, Will an Irish town lor you prepare. R. Cuossley. 134. SQUARE WORD. A bird for my first put down, And then α rambler of renown ; My third will an occurrence name, A kind of table this will frame ; But if you my fiith transpose, A part uf yourself it will üisc.osc. Robert. 135. TRANSPOSITION. If you a part of yourself transpose, What we live upon it will disclose. R. Cr.03Sl.EY. 136. CHARADE. My flr^t transposed will name An animal that is often hunted down ; My second is a conjunction of fame My wOole will name a Prussian town. R. Crossley.