EHIQMATIOAL PASTIMES.
288. METAGRAM. A kind of colour oomes to view, WeU known to artista, I'U be bound'; Change head, lf what I say is true, In a convent I am surely found. Now ohange once more, and you will Of course, in oase tbat I am right— That what you do it wUl then be, If you are hard pressed in a fight. Now ohange again, you'll have a cake That is well-known, I'm sur·, to all ; Repeat the change, and it will make What'e often heard In a mueio-kaU. Again you change, tbis time you get What'e known to each lover of sport ; Repeat the change, a crown I bet, That with it you are often canght. Now for the last, please change onoe more, You'U have what'e seen on a summer'd å&y, If I write any longer you'U eay I'm a bore- To find out the anewer I hop· you may. Geoboe Grawt. 284. SQUARE WORDS. A name this Ie, belonging to man ; By ladles tbis one Is borne; A troublesome insect here yon will ¿can ; Our person's these serve to adorn. S. 9. Dtjrban. 285. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant, and a goddess at a glance ; My third will name a river in France ; A heathen God, and a Swedish town ; My sixth is an Italian town ; A weight for my seventh please find; This will a beverage caU to miod ; And my last ia one-fifth of night. Theioentrale a Swedish town la In e'g'it. Robbbt. 283. TRANSPOSITION. When I am whole I mean to deceive— Takeţoare tbat no one does it to you ; I think I'm rigbt when I вау I beUeve It's what a great many people do. Take off my bead.'then before yoa lays What you do feel an hot eummer days ; Behead me agaia, aud this is true, Yoar mouth is employed whea thie yon do ; Beheadţme agaio, dont me despise, A preposition is before your eyee ; Restore me>v to my right form, Transpose, than it means to inform ; Stroke last two letters off with yeur pen, Somothing from China you will bave then t Restore me »gaia, don't get ia a påsetest» To drop two letters should be yoar intention ; Tkeujwhat yoa get is sure to be Something worn by you and by me. Job Fişnen. 287. ENIGMA. I'm ajphota, and I'm doing well, Oa commons I oft stand; The people I do often sell With this-----in my band. I mako believe that I wUl do Thom one Uke this-----so nice; Of course I only eay this to Get.tb.em to pay the price. etrange, but this — is often found On the pages of many booke, Sometimee square, sometimee round, Oft attracting by its looks. С J. P. Hanbbv 288. SQUARE WORD3. My primal means to cultivate ; A shrub the eecond wiU relato ; Third's a flower of fragrance rare ; To fourth above we should prepare. William MouNTFean. SOLUTIONS. ООП TMII „„„ Dlll.n.