ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. Contributions for insertion in this Journal must be endorsed "ßnigntat'cal Pastimes." Solutions must bt tent within tis dayı of publication of the pastimes. All lettert must be dated.
Quill. 107. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant. A pronoun. A Scottish river. An unbe¬ liever. A flower. A fiuti tale. Exe.npt fr m pıin. A lu¬ crative business. A weapoa. A ball. А с msonant. G. E. Wilkins. 108. DECAPITATION. To scorch this is, without a doubt ; Behead, a vase you now fiud out; Trauepose me now, aud, if yuu try, You will fini I am to fly. A. SUTHERLAND. 109. SQUARE WORDS. Doors. To uncover. Took, To build, Beds, transposed. J. C. Scholks. 110. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My first a consoiiHbt will nimc ; Next a well k no-vu weapon will frame ; This is used for heaiiug »ouude ¡ A boy's 11 mc is this, I'll b : bound; A bird this is, of plumage rare, lu a c,i¿e you'll fiud him there; A hunted bo-ir ii this we know; This will a blockhead name, I trow; A name of a card tnie is, you'll see; My last a consonant will be ; Mv centrals, downwards, elowly read, Will name a bud, 1 think I've aaid. W. Lbigh. 111. CHARADE. A generouB wine, you often drink, From Portugal 'tis sent ; Of second, you will pieaee to think Wnat b, a male is meant ; From China's land we get my third ; A vowel as fourth anayed ; Of useful whole no doubt you've heard, It is of leather made. 112. CURTAILMENT. When whola I name au English town ; Curtail Lia, I'm a bird ; Restore, benead this con. is o'er; Now name the simple word. Job Fishkb. 118. SQUARE WORDS. You're fond of birds, I may suppose, If so, you'll fiud here's two; Yon now lor next a coin must chose, Anu next to nothing, too. Chablks Shbllbt. 114. FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. An animal, a consonant, and part of yourself. i. Pive-eixtha of a iree, a consonant, a metal, and a vowel. 3. Siviftuees, and a spring of water. 4. A Spanish general, anu a Curistian name, transposed. 6. A nickname, two consonante, aod an animal. 6. A piace of embarkation, transposed, and a shell-fish. 7. A youug horse, a consonimi, aud part of yourself. 8. What we all possets, iransp sed, aud a uumoer. 9. To disfigure, a vowel, and a muul. R. ÏBL8BOBC. 115. SQUARE WORDS. To first, a seaport town, I took a trip, Aud two d >y s after 1 did leave the snip ; By thieves 1 was attacked, upon my word, But I most clevi-i ly did tbem all third, And went on to trie town of fourth next uight, Where recently there wai a tamou* fignt, And thousands of Fieuch aud Prussians, they say, Ou this battle-field in blood welteriug lay; But soon I kot tired, aud theu returned home, Determined that 1 would nevermore roam Through lineigli countries, but forget ihe past, And Btay iu my cot by Bide of seu md last Ì. T. Palmkr, 116 CHARADE. 'Tie first, my whole he warbles forth his lay, ' To loll the knell of the departing day. At eea, a fisher, in hie Dual, ľ-mat. the third doth strive; On thore, a wie she prays 10 Goti to send bim back alive. First now has passed, the mum has come, and on the bleak aea-sbore Lies a ghastly corpse, a shattered boat, a spar, and nothing more. A. SUTHRBLANDk g
117. CHARADE. I second this ray first will name An island o'er the sea; To ransnm total will proclaim ; This riddle find tor me. 118. CHARADE. Оикол. My first is a coveriűg for the head, my second is a kind of graiu, and my whole ie fancy. NkRO TUR TlBANT. 119. CHARADE. We were wed privately, I to little Nelly Gray, And it was on firet Wednesday ; My mamma-in-!aw is reckoned A transposed croei-grained second, And she is very miserly ; I asked her с usent to our marriage, Bat my suit »he did disparage, An j told me it no'er ahoutd be ; Mio had pledged her daug .ter Nelly To ая aucient squire, с d'i id Kelly, But I vowed that simuli never be ; When told of our marriage, Sie flew into a horrid raite, Declared she ever would be whole; 80 my little Nell and I, we tried, bnt couldn't cry; Sa, kind reader, with us pray condole. Alpha. 120. CROSS PUZZLE. To flow back. A conveyance. A beverage. A man's name. A famous battle. A Saxon name. A bird. A girl's name. A vessel. 'Ihe centrals name a famous battle. W. T. Bknnbtt. 121. HIDDEN RIVERS. 1. We hurried on, at a fast pace. 2. Willi tm, yoa and Albert weed my flowerbeds. 3 What, Bertha, me stug with you f 4 Is Islım iel coming to the party f 6. 1 say, George, we are going to dine directly. 8. J.Dcbban.