УЩратщйиЛ ^aatirøte.
48. CHARADE. I am a little word, I ween, Of aj Hables but one ; And yet I'm plorai, end, I deem, The oeuie of grief to eome. I often bid the rose depart From many a charming faoe. And rankle ln the feeling heart, And rob the form of graoe. But add one letter to the eame, And what do I become ? Changed ln my number, nature, name, A moet auspicious one— The eouroe ot Joy, forgiveness sweet, Without a language I oan speak, Flutter the bosom, speed the feet, Or dim the eye, and tinge the oheek. J. D. W. 49. CHARADE. The name of a tree that In England grows; A river next find that ln Northampton flowe ; A beautiful flower familiar to all t A troublesome insect exceedingly amali t What misers will always oontrive to oonoeal ; And a delicate fruit whioh I'll not yet reveal. The heade of these worde will give that whioh you No donbt have been puzzled at timee to construe. H. HSATH. 60. ENIGMA. My friend and me from home did part, He had eome yards of me the start. We ran two hundred milee or more, And still he kept that epece before, Nor more, nor less, we all agree, Though he ran twice ae fast as me. Tell me, then, what this end did cause- That I no further beaten wai. Habby Bbown. IL CH İRADE. Up tbou, my first, ere day ie peeping, To cheer thy mate, sing loud and long ; And while a drowsy world is sleeping, Poor forth thy thrilling matin Bong. While many Badly need my second To urge them in the path of dnty, Thou need'et it not, thy warbling jocund To ne, and thee, ls fnll of beauty. My whole ie full ol Nature's gem«, A lovely Π ower of beauty rare, Whose gorgeous petale, leaves, and eterne, Are often twined ronnd ladies' hair. T. PlCKHABD 61 CHARADE. My first an interaction is, Expressing wonder and surprise ; My seoond a diminutive, Familiar to the merchant's eyes ; My third onr every aotion still Is prompting, or for good or Ш. My whole, behold it rushing on, With wild, resistless foroe ; No voioe oan stop, no power oan turn This mighty total from Ite oourse, Yet greatly useful Ie Its might, When by skilful hande direoted right. J. White, 68. ENIGMA. I have no head, and tail I laok, But oft have arms, and lege, and baok ; I Inhabit tbe tavern, the palaoe, the cot, 'Tis a boggarly residence where I am not. If a monarch was present (I tell you no fable), I still should be plaoed at the head of the table. U. J. Quick. Solutions. •6.—Spray, pray, ray. 46.—The letter G. 47.—Fare, well. Farewell.