ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c, 20 I.
i. A magician's rod. 2. A metal. 3. An animal. 4. An evergreen. 5. To bury. 6. A common fruit. 7. A town in Palestine. 8. A modern bishop. 9. A Jewish high-priest. 10. A city of India. 1]. A pious beggar mentioned in Scripture. The Initials compose the name of a famous mountaineer and patriot, and the Finals, read backwards, the country where he lived.-s-. E. s. II. A name we often give to flowers : A portion of your house and ours: A plant that takes long years to bloom: A month that brings us fog and gloom: A cooling drink, much liked by some: A resin or a kind of gum : A cold that settles in the head: A garment worn when going to bed : The letters first, of all these words, Will give a great man's name; And then, what countryman he was The letters last proclaim. III. Amidst the trees of a tropical land, Yet near to the sea, by its soft breezes fann'd; Straight as an arrow and stately in height I stood like a king : while the sunshine bright Fell in clear gleams on my emerald crown, And feathers of green that were floating down. All at once, I felt a terrible blow, From a stone, I think (but I do not know); And to pelt my foes nought else could be found Than my ornaments set in dozens around. These were collected and taken away, And now in the streets they're sold ev'ry day. They are food and drink, both spirit and oil; On board a ship they will lie in a coil. The vessel they speed on its pathless way, And your floors keep clean on a rainy day. A great deal more of their use I could tell, But have no space, save to bid you "Farewell." J. s. c. IV. Complete, I'm labour, ofttimes rough; OCt off my head, I'm smooth enough. V. ANAGnAx.-No charm in a ball. n. R. s. I
VI. I am a surname of ten letters. My 2,,3, 7, 6 is a small wild animal. My 5, 2, 7, 9, 10, 6 a king's seat. My 4, 3, 7, 5 what boys and girls love. My 1, 3, 8 a domestic animal. My 7, 9, 4, 8, 6, 10 is decayed. My 2, 6, 3, 7, 4 is the seat of life. My 1, 2, 6, 3, 5 is a dishonest person. My 2, 3, 8,. 6 is to dislike. My 1, 2, 3, 7, 4 is a map. My uhole is a poet- "The marvellous boy who perished in his pride." B. E. S. VII. My first is a time when darkness reigns, And the fading ray of daylight wanes; When the stars are glimmering in the sky, And the moon, like a queen, appears on high. My second you find in everytown, In quarters of greater or less renown; And no passing stranger is ever seen, Who visits not one or the other I ween. - My'third is a storm so loud and high, That it makes the clouds before it fly; It whistles and shrieks round the creaking mast, As the sailor aloft makes the rigging fast; And the trembling wife, in her cot on shore, Weeps as she prays, while the billows roar. My entire is a creature small and grey, Which breathes out its joy at the close of day ; It fills the air with its melody, When no human eye its form can. see; And softly and sweetly the perfumed breeze Bears the thrilling notes through the rustling trees, And wafts them on noiseless wings along, A gushing perfectness of song.-J. s. D. VIII. What celebrated painter would sailors like to take with them on a long voyage ?-J. s. D. IX. What kind of apple is this ? Why a pip(p)in, to be sure. 1. A creature with hind legs twice as long as its fore legs. - - 2. A creature that was worshipped by the Egyptians. 3. A creature that has a sweet voice. 4. A creature with two things alike-its ears and its patience. 5. A creature with tusks like a boar and fins like a' fish. 6. A creature which has very long fore-limbs; but does not stand upon them . 7. A creature which is the best friend of a nation of little people. 8. A creature whose nice name we apply to good children. 9. A creature seen on the tops of the chimney-pots. The Initials will give the best medicine for all sorts of trouble. 4 MHi66