ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c.
To enliven our first hear the sweet bird now singing 'Tis warbling its praises to infinite love; Higher and higher its bright course is winging, Far from its nest in the sweet shady grove. See yon weary seaman stretched on the green heath, His thoughts wander far where the dark billows foam; He now takes my second, well pleased underneath The wide-spreading elm tree that shelters his home. The weary-worn pilgrim in this wide world of sin, Would give, ah ! what would he not for my whole ! Temptations without, and dark storms within, No rest on this side the grave for his soul. By another name knowi, I am oft and again Seen to grace with my blossom the fair garden bed; Ah! now I must finish, my rhyming's too plain, For greatly, I fear, the riddle is read. R. E. w. II. BIBLE ACROSTIC. Who swore his master's wishes to fulfil ? Who hang'd himself when thwarted in his will? What mighty man by treachery was brought low ? A great apostle from my next shall go. A place of refuge, yet a place accursed. A king who counsels sought, then chose the worst. A king who helped Jerusalem to gain. A man of valour most unfairly slain. One who high commendations did receive. False goddess ! how can man in thee believe? One who amid temptation yet proved true, And kept the faith as all must strive to do. In that best time, when all around seems bright, What time is this, say, who can tell aright? A festal day before you now I bring, When Christians joyfully should praises sing; Rejoicing at the good hope to them given, Of things beyond this world, e'en things in heaven. A. M. ANWYL.
III, at A caution against prejudice. Iv. A desert. A metal. A woman's name. A fold. An animal. A priest. A Chinese city. A cessation of noise. A fruit. A discoverer. The Initials give the name of a great man, and the Finals what he was by profession. V. My first has done more harm or good Than knight in war, or monk in hood; My second, little boys, you'll be, Just as the'shoot becomes a tree; My noble third, with all its strength, Before a foe has sunk at length. My whole, a simple art you find, Learnt with the fingers and the mind. VI. My first in cracking makes my second, But while it's strong is priceless reckon'd; My whole chirps gaily in all weathers, And flies about with ruffled feathers. Z. VII. TOWNS IN ENGLAND. An adverb, four-fifths of sting, and a leg of pork. Three-fifths of alone and half a donkey. A weight, and a pathway over water. A useful animal, and a shallow part of a river. A river, and three-fourths of a term. Serious, and to forward. A. B.