ENIQMATICAL PASTIMES.
цф№ for hiserťton in thit Journal mutt b* tniortti ttfaut'cal Pastimes." Solutions mutt U tint within ■ ¿ays ai publication of tht pastimtt. All Ittttrt mutt ie Its)
16. TTISH TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED 1. A place for.soldiers, and a meadow. i. To effect, a road, andpartof aman. 3. A consonant, and a town In England. 4. A title, a consonant, and a weight. 5. Pai t of the head, and another part of the head. 6. Terror, and a consonant. Arthur J. Padfiklo. 17. ARITHMORE . fiUO and wearn, a Christian name. 1Л1 „ a true „ „ 101 ,, n beer „ „ 1,000 ,, ware „ ,, 601 ,, harr „ „ 1.U01 „ ty hot „ „ The initials read downwards will give another Christian 11. Yblsborc. 18. DECAPITATION. A river of its head deprive, And you a colour will derive. John Bbacall. 19. CHARADE. My first curtail with care, And it will bring to view, A foreign river, I declare, Well known to me and you. My last transpose. mJ then 1 trow, A grain will come to mind. A vegetable the two will show, When they are both combined. J. H. Dbrrington. DECAPITATION. Dear readers, a dress, Is all I possess. Take off my head, And then instead, For next a kind of stone put down. Me now transpose. And then it shows A famous Irish town. Charles Grbbnhalgh. 21. CURTAILMENT. Part of your frame, curtail, reverse, A vehicle it will rehearse. a ( r i o b Andrkw Jack.
22. VERBAL PUZZLES. 1. Two E's, two A's, two N's, two Ľ«, One V, a T, a D.and O, With S's two, it quickly tells, What we're delighted with, I know. 2. Two T's and two E's, Two M's and a G, With Y, В add these, Who writes them you'll see. 3. Two E's, two R's, mixed with an A, Take G from sugar to sweeten this, Serve up with H, B, U, and it may, A person show to you, I wis. 4. Two M's, three R's, a T, and two A's, A word that SICH we call, Mixed with YES there meets the gaze, Something I wish to all. С Hemminos.. 23. GEOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC. 1. A church (Scotch), and a boundary, 2· Rage, and what we live upon. 3. A colour, a tatier (transposed), and *' vehicle. 4· A libertine, and a consonant, δ· A vowel, ann past tense of run ; β. Freehand a fortress. "»e initials will name a river in Palestine. R. Yblbsobc.
24. DECAPITATION. Whole I am a favourite city; behead me, and I am the delight of boys ; behead again and I am a French pro· noun. 25. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Undisturbed; a chemical production; calm; iiksome; spiritual exultation ; unlawful (curtailed) ; a sea goddess (curtailed); a »hort note; especies of tree; submission; a revolter; adverbial word for "yes;" daring; slow. The initials and finals read downwards will name an author and one of his nove C. W· Bklas. 26. DECAPITATION. Whole 1 am often seen by thousands at tht same time; behrad me I am the'juice of a tree ; change my head and I become a useful vehicle. 27- DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A town in Italy; a town in France ; a musical composer; cunning; a weapon; a Roman emperor; an animal; to observe ; a town in Sardinia; a vehicle; a man of fame ; a man's name; a holy person. The initials will name a most splendid tale, and the finals a character in it. Arthur. Í8. ENIGMA. My heart Burns when a lay I'm inditing, With an Akenside often I groan ; I'm Sterne and I'm Gay in my writing, Though abs-Hard-is the bject you'll own. In me publishers caught a poet, My Word's-worth are known to them all ; For the matter of that, my lines show it; But " self-praise is no-----" Ле, we call. Our family are poets, though my father, A Gcldsmiih by trade was, 'lis true; A Taylor my cousin was, rather I A Lamb in my uncle you'd view. Of it's Dale the country is boasting, And a Crabbe is the pride of the sea; Don't marvel at what I'm relating, If with this you will not agree. But alas ! I shall wither like others, No Moore on the subject I'll say ; I think without rhyme but with reason, The grave will be my lut lay. Charles Hemminos. •i t tf t c I m