ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
A very curious little word, Just formed of letters three; Look at them as they stand at first A sort of plan you'll see. Now just reverse them and they name, Or nickname I should say, One of our great departed ones Whose fame is fresh to-day. Leave out my last and, lo, you have, A mother dear and true, My last and next as really A father are to you. UNCLE STEPHEN.
II. CUT n CLOTH. This will prevent extravagance. III. A very large family, reader, are we: We are all of us dumb, and but one of us see; Yet, though dumb, we the noblest of lessons can teach, And on every known subject both lecture and preach. Dynamics, hydraulics, by us are made plain, And yet we lack judgment,-indeed, we've no brain. We can show the poor sinner into the high-road That leads to the bright and celestial abode Of the spirits redeemed. We are some of us twins. We are sinless ourselves, yet we've shared in the sins Of the greatest of criminals. True we at times Have betrayed those who secretly told us their crimes, And brought them to shame and to death. We are seen In the cottage, the workshop, the halls of the Queen. We're the friends of the thoughtful, the honest, and free, But the bigot and tyrant can foes in us see. We have shaken the thrones of the mighty and great; We have raised the oppressed from their down-trodden state; We have scattered rich blessings broadcast o'er the earth. We have overthrown wrongs, and exalted true worth; And though wrong still is done far too often, yet we Hope the time yet will come when the whole world will see That contention and wars betwixt nations should cease, And mankind be one family, living in peace. Would you wish for the dawn of that glorious day, Spread us over the world, we'll prepare you the way, And the wider, and farther, and longer we're spread, The greater, and richer, the blessings we'll shed. Come, seek our assistance, and use us aright, You will find in our company joy and delight; But ill-use us, as some in their mad folly do, And both here and hereafter you'll certainly rue. We could tell you much more of the power we hold, But you perhaps might be thinking us rather too bold. Yet, without egotism, you never will see Six-and-twenty to beat us, wherever you be. B. n. Iv. RIVERS IN ENGLAND. Ham set.-Nerves.-Rub hem.-Day mew. J. LEATIHART. v. My first is oft useful when trav'lling in haste; My second, used freely, bespeaks want of taste; My third has brought many a meal to the poor; My whole is a d6pot of valuable store. J. B.