ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I. SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC.
When all was dark, who cleared th' inspired page ? Who on a journey did lie down and die? Who to rebellion did the state engage ? For childish folly who to death was nigh? Who meekly waited, then did gladly bless Him who to ransom a lost world did bend ? Who, when a prophet was in dire distress, With rags and ropes did kind assistance lend ? What town gave birth to him who boldly spoke The Word of Truth to many a heathen state ? What wicked son despised his father's yoke, And with the ark of God met his sad fate ? In the far north of a famed sea there lies A port whence Israel's king would vessels send; But, as it finds not favour in God's eyes, To this design He'll no assistance lend. What monster in the sea finds great delight; Whom in his bonds did Paul convert and save ? With whom did Paul his mother's name unite ? And who beneath a tree her judgment gave ? Could man, while struggling here with sin and woe, More often cast his burden on the Lord, He would not then so easily forego This good employment mentioned in His Word. A. M. A. II. The merry little boys and girls Who study hard to learn, Do love to leave their books, and with Myfirst to take a turn. And as they play their varied games, And happily agree, Each one my second is to each, Or surely ought to be. And as the merry game goes on, My whole gets tired and hot, Sits down with others on the grass, And to my first is not. UNCLE STEPHEN.
III. 1.4 Procrastination is dangerous. IV. 1. A shell fish. 2. One of the rivers of the Roman plains. 3. A stream crossed by Julius Casar. 4. A West Indian island. 5. A species of lizard now extinct. 6. A famous astronomer. The Initials give the name of a captain, and the Finals the name of his ship lately lost. V. If to the country you would go, Why I can carry you I know; But if to court, why then d'ye see, T'will be your turn to carry me. And pray be careful when I'm near, For well you may have cause to fear; Stand in my way and nought could save, Your being hurried to your grave. L. H. HI. VI. A CAGE OF BIRDS. 1. Three-fifths of title and a small animal. 2. Part of a ship and a disturbance. 3. A colour and what everyone has. 4. Three-sixths of maggot and something children like. 5. What mad persons do and a consonant. 6. Something seen in the sky and something caught in the sea. L. A. B. VII. You'll shun my whole if you are wise, Since headless I cause pain; Inverted I decrease in size ; Behead me once again, And then I think you'll clearly see What benefits both you and me. A. T. X.