Siitøroiatfcal шШ еШтшьщ Шжтъш FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Enigma No. 1. I am white and I am yellow, Soft, hard, fresh, and stroug; My appearance is various, I'm round and I'm long. By the noble and grand my presence is courted, Though to beauty I cannot lay claim, Yet were you to ask them, they'd tell you, I'm sure, Without me their feasts would be plain. Thongh exalted so high, I do not grow proud, In the cottager's home I'm to view ; Therefore ponder this well, and then you'll allow What I've said to be perfectly true. My first I've thus described In lengthen'd terms, you'll say ; So my seoond to find out Let's try without delay. A head we have, but a tail we lack ; Two eyes we possess, but of arms may not boast ; Our body is small, and its colour is black, And six legs we walk on, 'tis certain, at most. Through the long summer days in the sua', earns we play, Or sport by the cool, rippling stream ; When evening comes on, to our homes we repair, Till the daylight once moro is supreme. My whole's a beautiful thing, in gorgeous hues arrayed ; To g u ees me you cannot fail, So do not be afraid. Сйснла. Enigma No. 2. In name I am very short, But I am lov'd by many; S ime deem me a deadly curse, And wish there was not atiy. Whas gamesters like to do You'll see wbeu I lose my tail, For it they often play Till temper and fortune fa'l. Сесила. Conundrums. 1. Why is a soldier like a cruiser? 2. What seaport town of England resembles an article of furniture ? И. Which is the coldest letter in the alphabet? Cecilia. Charada No. 1. I am a phrase represented by seven well known characters, which jare familiar to all children attending school, whether national or ragged. My first is an egotistical representation of myself; my second and third denotes my being; my 4 5 6 7.at once settles tho question which echo is said to ask ; my Ö573 represents a parcel containing 20 times 24 some¬ things, although not bed-clothes; my 4 2 7 б must strike on my timpanum before the fact is manifest to me ; my 1 2 3is very sveet, but at tho same time may he an undue pressure ; my 613 5 gets on tho beard and whiskers of the early traveller on a fogg/ morning; my 3 2 6 1 is a pretty French n une for females ; and my whole ie to be seen just now posted on all the walls in town and country. Ladlkn. Charade No. 2. Take away my first, and iu the Bible I am to bo found : take away my second, and í am the mother of brutes. Take away my third, and I am a verb ; put me together, and I am a term of address to a lady. Ciiaradr No. 3. My first is a vowel ; my second is part of an animal ; my third is a precious metal ; my fourth is a trade ; and my whole is an author. Charade No. 4. My first is a title ; my secoud is found in sacred history ; my third means not ancient ; my fourth isa weight ; and my whole gives the name of a philosopher. J. Whiteford. Transposition. A kind of hard wood if you transpose, A female name you will soon disclose. II J. Peart. Bkbus. 1. What bird beheaded will name a garden tool? 2. Complete I denote quarrelling; behead me, and I am very chilly ; behead me again, and 1 am the reverse of young. 3. What despicable plan, if beheaded, will become a quantity? Counties and Towns op Ireland Enigmatically Expressed. 1. Nod a leg. 2. Hag no nan. 3. Ham tin. 4. Oae try. 5. No lathe 6. Hear, bang ! H. Reads. SOLUTIONS TO No. 24. Charade.·—1. Thou-sand. 2. Pier-glass. 3. Palmorston. Enigma.—1. XX. 2. Man-i-fold. Transpositions.—1. Southernwood. 2. Balsam apple. 3. Sarsaparilla. 4. A^perifolious. 5. Bonum magnum. C. Blackberry. 7· Polycarpous. 8. Clove gill'flowcT. 9 Butter flower. Arithmetical Question.—Eighty-six. R1DDLES.--I. A cow stick—(Acoustic). 2. Scver-ш, 8. .Because he is a chance seller—(Chancellor).