enigmatical $a«tttnes,
L MESTAL HISTOBICAL PICTUBE. The scene is in the open air. On the banu of a ce brated river a King is seated, looking very sullen ■ gloomy. On the one side of him stand the ohief nobili of the nation, in whose features determination may eta be traced. On the other aide of him stand a few pi lates, barons, and knights. Tbe nobles demand t King's royal signature to a certain document or fora law, to show more clearly their rights ot liberty. Aft« little discussion, the King'verj reluctantly affixes biasa The nobles then renew their homage, and concord is,ι all appearance, reetored. W.N.8. 2. CHABADE. The windows are shrouded, the chamber ls dark, Its occupante sadly are weeping, For full iu tbeir midst, oh! with Borrow remark, A maid in my first soundly sleeping. Their prayers and their grief can never recall, Though ever my second they do With increasing ardour, and teardrops may fall, As signe of affection so true. Ere my second had told the day that had fied, Ere my first had darkened her brow, My whole bad been beard to «peak overhead, As an omen of what's happened now. E. Hbati. ENIGMA. While out one sunny summer's day, I wandered on—on, far away, Over meadows, brooks and leas, Tbe birds warblad out their happy glees. At laet I saw a pretty oot, My flrst in p'enty they had got; My eecond, with my flrst, waa there, And my whole was dangling in the air. N. Satire. 4. NUMBERED CHAB.\DE. I am composed of 9 let'ers; my 1, 5, 8. is whi people do; my 8, 9, 7, is an article; my 2, 3, 7, is falsehood; and my 4, а letter of the alphabet, and m whole is the name of a Queen of England. " PEBSSVBBAKCS." 5. NUMBEBED CHABADE. All soldiers receive ou a plate My 2, 3, б, в, 7, 8. A creature is my 4, 3, 5. Which finds and kUls my 2,3, 5. Great Britain is, I'm proud to state, A 8, 3, в, 6,7, 8. A portion of the globe you'll see Iumy3,1, 2, в, 4, 3. A Chinese town, captured of late, Is 4, 3, 8, 6, 7, 8. A course with skill you can contrive Out of my 6, 2, 3, 4, 5. A soldier never knows his fate In 3,4, б, в, 7, 8. And now, kind friends, unite your art, To find my whole, which Ib a part. н.ь 6. EXTBACTION. I've heard my total ere to-day ; But now one letter take away, How terrible 'twill be! Another letter now remove, The residue will surely prove A tablet, as you'll see. M.W.
[The answers tj these Puzzles will appear in ear next- London: Printed bv Walter Sully, Plough-cotf Fett»r-laue. EO, and Published for the Proprietor ! Charles Fox, at the office, Hogarth House, St. o№° avenue, London, E.G.