m ЩШ§тШкдЛ amfi Erørøtøg lÊjreirrtgí^ FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. oo
-----oo----- Charade No. 1. Oh didn't 1 love my Sally When I met her in the alley, And whispered love talea o'er and o'er ; Rhe, the fairest in the land, Ofttimes did press my hand, As I bid her good bye at her door. Herreason you shall know ; She hung her head quite low, When I whispered my second to her car She bluehed and then she smiled, And answered witli a voice so mild— ' ' Why, to-morrow, if you like my dear." On the banks of the Tyne She soon became mine, And now a happy couplo are we. My first we soon got And happy is my lot. As my whole she'll ever be. Charade No. 2. My first reversed to you will name An animal, not wild bat tame ; Tt is well known to vou and I, Because for us that beast mn*t die. My next is small you all will say, That is ifyou view me in a right way ; You'll find me ever in the centre of wit, Or e'en in the middle of a very dark pit. You see you poor begg ir now at yon door Who is striving Ъ gather in a little store ; íle is my last both feeble and grey, That is when my first letter is taken away. And when these three by you are combined, They will name a flower of which you can find, In many a garden where ifc does grow, So that is all I wish you to know. J. Hill. Charade No. S. My first is a number, expressed by a letter ; A small preposition's my next ; If my third you transpose 'twill surely disclose An hollow. That's my whole of my text. Charade No. 4. My first is a tree; my next is a weight; my whole is a town in Eng¬ land. J. Chbetiiam. Riddle. I am but small yet bright 'twill appear, I can burn you—don't come too near ; If I'm seen in a wrong place quench my light Then I will say to you all will be right. J. Hill Transposition No. 1. An English verb transposed by you Another verb will bring to view. Transposition No 2. A species of cup if transposed it be A sticky substance you will see. Transposition No. 3. The c£2r of a vermin if you transpone A useful mineral will disclose. Transposition N<>. 4. A short sleep if transposed I ween, A domestic utensil will be seen. Transposition No. 5 A useful liquid if transposed no doubt A friend or relation will bring out. Transposition No. C. Transposo a fruit and it will bo Still a fruit, as you will aee. Α. M'Lean. J. CllEETHAM. SOLUTIONS TO No. 69. Charades.—1. Conspiracy—Son—Air—Ann—Carry — Cap — Nancy — Iron — Pain—Cross—On—In—So—As—Poor—Pay—Nay-. No—Ay— Cry —Carp—Say—Spy—Rain—Car—Rasp—Prop—Nap—Pass—Pray — Rap — Can —Carry —Car—Son—Pa-Ass. 2. Bear-fly. 3. Pea-cock. In-no- cent. Rebuses.—1. Where—Here—Her—He. 2. Mulberry—Aster—Notting¬ ham—Head-Arsenic—Turkey—Thames—Australia —Newmarket (Man¬ hattan) . Enigma.—Cricket. Puzzles.—Sagacity. 2. Thy-mc. Decapitation.—Snipe—Pine—Pin—Pic.