FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. -oo- Practical Puzzle.
Cut out twelve pieces of cardboard, two of each shape (as aboye), and of them make a perfect square. E. Taylor.
Arithmrtical Questions. 1. If a man walked sixteen miles, and at every tenth bten threw away a farthing, how much money would he require, supposing each step to measure 2 feet 8 inches ? 2. If two men on horseback start from the same place iu opposite direc'ions, the one travelling at the rate of So miles, and the other at the rate of r>5 miles а-day, how far would they be apart at the sixth day ? Я. Divide 84 cigars into three portion·, in such a manner that one- third of the first, one-fourth of the second, and one-fifth of the third portion shall contain the same number. H. J. Peart. Charade No. 1. When God in His infinite wisdom did plan The Creation, my first he allotted to man, As a medium by which to accumulate wealth, To maintain him and keep him in bodily health, "For it not only strengthens, but tends to provide Por his wants, which by that means alone are supplied. My second is something, if seen, we all know, Is as often constructed for use as for show ; In a word, 'twould be useful, you'd own, ifyou went On a visit to Gravesend, or elsewhere, or sent A small present to some one by rail or by coach— Ля, for instance, a bonnet, or came > brooch. My whole, as a matter of course, was designed With a view to supplying thè wants of mankind ; Or, more properly speaking, invented for thoso Of the feminine gender, who thought fit or chose To make use of the same ; and as such is the case, I've no doubt some young lady the answer can trace. Charade No. 2. am a person for whom many ladies sigh ; I ara a welcome guest in most houses ; I am the admiration of marriageable misses and match¬ making mammas. Thirteen constituents are required to form niy whole, although by shifting them about they are made to express various things besides myself; and yet by moving only a single point you raake me the coldest being imaginable. My 11 1 9 6 signifies several; my 9 111 5 is that which we all have, although my 12 1 7 2 is an abbreviation, showing a desire to hide the former ; my 2 12 G is a refusal ; my 110 8 5 is a com¬ plaint caught in low countries; my 13 1 9 4 G is a sailor's delight ; my 1116 brings us flowers in bloom. So now having told you something ñbout myself, suppose I propose ţo my 6 7 8, please answer with my tí б 1, add my 3, and 111, low my 6 7 8 ; to this put the 18th and 19th letters of the alphabet, and I will call and see you. L ad len. Rebus No. 1. Take tl · initials of the following words, and they will give the name of a cheap weekly periodical :— That which waits for no one, a covering for the head, a fish, a lad, a strong tree, a loud cry, an article to wash with, flesh, a public house, a piece of meat, an European river, that which «eerybody does, apiece of water, a road, a fruit, another fruit, and an American. -------- W. H. Wool. SOLUTIONS TO No. 3i. Names of Places Pictoriali.y Deckibed.-—Turkey. CnİRADKS.—1. Poot-stool. 2. Lark-spur. 3. Piue apple. 4. Bean- ear— sea -noar—(Benares). Enigma.—Civil. Tkanspo.sitions.—I. Mary—army. 2. Bann—Ann. Irish Towns—1. Lismore. 2. Limerick. 3.' Trahc. 4. Bandon. 5. Kingstown. G. Ardee. 7. Cork. 8. Galway. 9. Omagh. 10. Kinsale. ll. Antrim. 1^. Stra¬ bane. RiBUS.—1. TeD—Harness—EbrO—Puf F—YE -BaG—Abbe Y—MoP— IT. 2. Whine-Hawk—India-Leap-Kettle-(Whilk). 3. Gold—Aber¬ deen—Racoon—Ink—Back—Ash-Lilac—David—Illinois—(Garibaldi).