ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
Confrionitons/or inerrttonin this Journal must be endorsed "Enigma) ical Poeitynes." Solutiom must be sent within six da vs of publication of the pastimes. All lettera muet be doted. т. ENIGMA. I am a vety little thing, Hound (и square, it docs not matter ; If I.but strike, thon like lightning, I give a flash (without thunder]. I make the merry bells- all ring, When loving hearts by rae are-bound ; Then ia tho timo.for rejoicing, And I cause mirth to go alı round. Now, for a game I'm contesting, All are to me naught but а вате ; I combine tbem in my meaning ; If ypu guess me, you'll «ay the same. Arthur, 185. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My first is a Roman numeral ; My second is a nauseous substance ; My third is in the shape of a wedge ; My fourth is a tale ; My fifth is a fruit ; My sixth is an animal ; My seventh is a vowel. The centrals read downwards and «cress will name a tale in the Sons of Britannia. Georqe Grant,
186. CONUNDRUM. Why is a flea like a man who slander· an absent person! VT. StuttarD, 187. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Ï pray yo riadlers to contrive To form а dian ond square. Composed of letters twenty-flve, A consonant first deelnre. What we all-do next bring»· to.view. My third is an attack.. My fourth doth live in solitude, And often wearing black. My fifth you'll find is darkness quit«, The werd you'll find, 1 ween ; And sixth, when you.have· penned aright, A well-known tree Is seen. In last а vowel Will b found. Tho square's now но plainly seen, Now from the top please read around— Toward« the left I mean. And; when this done, а пате 'twill show That's known to one and all. Headers of this journal—now, This name you'll please recall. Gno. Conrtdb. 188. NUMBERED CHARADE. My 4, 2, 3,11 is the-пате of n thing ; My 9, 2, 4 a weight to mind will bring ; My 7, 8, 10, 9 will a disturbance name; Mv 6, 1, 7, 2, 4 а poet well known to fame ; My 5, 7, 8, 6 is an insect wry small, My 5, 3, 4 is a weapon known to nil ; My 1, 10, 3, 11, 5 is much opposed to-old, My 9, 8, 11 is a metal, but mind, it is not gold ; My 6, 7, 8, 5 sail* gaily o'er the main, My 8, 7, 2, 4 is artiticed for. gain. I consist of eleven letters, and am an excellent journal. W. Stuttabo. SQUARE WORD. For my firsta river in Europe see ; To make amends my next will be ; Sure-footed animals new you must -And, To loosen this will call to mind ; My fifth and last, if you,transpose. The produce of vegetables will disolose. R.CrOSMiBT. 190. CHARADE. My first is what we often take. From lt I'm sure you can awake ; An exclamation my next'll name, No doubt you've often heard thesame ; In my next α-Spanish town you'll see, Discover it and clever you will be ; Whole is α famous man you'll agree, Who wuii full many a glorious victory. E. R. 191. DIAMOND PUZZLE. The following combine, and you will tee, That a diamond-shaped puzzle it wll be. A consonant in firat you'll trace, No sale without this could take place ; My third is heard at Christmas time. Fourth is the centre ot my rhyme ; My fifth a gun will surely name,,,, And this a reptile will proclaim ; A vowel seventh brings to light, And now my part» are all in sight. If the centrals are read, from west to east, And north to south, they'll name a beast. Fred. C. Fines.