iEniørøfttical &Ш ШшШщ HHxtxü%ı$ FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
ClIARADlî No. 1. When men make a slash, aud cut a great dash, With their horses, their houses, and hounds, The world will agree that my first they'll soon be, When 'tis known that they live beyond bounds. If'tis e'er in your power to visit the tower, And see all its beauties so rare, I will bet ten to one that, before you have done, You'll confess that my second was there. Where there's tumult and noise, or a number of boys, And all in confusion and riot, Then my whole will not fail your poor ears to assail, And in vain you will wish to be quiet Charadb No. 2. My whole is a light ; curtail me, and I am a narrow fillet : behead me, and I am a quadruped ; replace the head and curtail me, and I am heard very often at the door ; reverse me, and I dare say I've been at your door ; curtail me, audi become one of your parents. J. Hill. Charadb No. 3. My first secure may keep your door ; Mankind with zeal my next pursue ; My whole we make, for second s sako ; And very oft my whole we rue. Charade No. 4. My first is a part of the verb " To be ;" my second is a fish ; my third ie a. weight ; and my whole is a suburb of London. H. J. Peart. Biographical Rebus. The initials of the following will give the name of a renowned Athenian admiral :—A Roman historian, the wife of Menelaus, a Theban general, the last King of Mexico, the founder of tho order of Jesuits, the son of Orolus, an ancient Greek poet, a Greek philosopher, a queen of Egypt, a Spartan legislator, a Stoic philosopher, a Roman historian. -------- Edwin Taylor. Decapitation. My whole is a part of an animal ; behead me' I am complete; behead me again and transpose, and I am for eating. J. Robertson. European Rivers Enigmatically Expressed, 1. A vowel, and three·fifths of a colour. 2. A vowel, a liquid, and a negation. 3. Six, three quarters of a stud, and a French article. 4. Two-sevenths of a man's name, and three-fifths of a jewel. t. Five hundred, and a preposition. 6. Two-thirds of a measure, and a well-known verb. -------- Edwin Taylor. Riddle. An argentus convex, a concave centre, aud profusely decorated circular indentations. A. J. 0. Cove. Transpositions. SNNAAREGPP T-Abird. ALLTPRRCEEI—An insect. R T T L B E E О—A bird. TTAADHHEC W—A small insect. L W W G M O O R—A small creeping insect. E Y A F B L B-An insect. J Hill. Ana op. am. My 1 2 i is a Jewish measure ; my 456789 is a partof the violin ; my Ъ 2 7 Ì3 insane ; my 4 2 õ 7 is a poet ; my 4 9 2 5 is an animal ; my 2 3 4 5 9 is transparent gum ; my 42 8 is an ornament ; my 3 2 8 G is a disciple of Zoroaster ; my 3 2 8 С 1 is sorcery ; my 3 2 1 9 is an ensign of authority ; my whole is the uto of a celebrated university. 0. W. Butler. Arithmetical Questions. 1. After eight-ninths of a swarm of bee, and the square root of half of them had flown away, 20bees remained. How many were there in the swarm ? 2. A field of wheat and rye, which contained 20 acres, was put to a labourer to reap for 126 shillings ; the wheat at le. per acre, and the rye at 5s. The labourer falling ill, reaped ouly the rye. How much money «ught he to receive ? 3. The fore-wheel of a carriage malíes ϋ revolutions more than the hand wheel, in going 120 yards ; but if the circumference of each wheel be increased by 3 feet, tho fore-wheel makes only 4 revolutions more than the hind-wheçl. What is the circumference of each wheel ? Vf. W. Court, SOLUTIONS TO No. 40. Charades.—1. Bee—eye—tea—hugh—hem—eh—hen (B IT U M E N). 2. Theatre. 3. Kingfisher. 4. Tamar—mat—rat. 5. Ham-let. Rebuses. —Guinea— Orinoco—Ladoga—Dover—Sahara—Massachusetts —Indian—Turkey—Hydra (Goldsoiith). 2. Charles—Anchor—Emily- Romulus— Nankin—Artaxerxcs—Rotterdam— Verb— Chio—Netherlands (Caernarvon). Historical Puzzle.—Washington. Names of Places Eniomaticall yExpressed.—1. Liver-pool. 2. Man- chest-er. 3. New-castle. 4. North-umber-land. 5. Can-ton. 6. Don- c aster. Rildle,—Par all-e-lo-pipe don Tarallelopipedon),