ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
As I walked through a meadow that skirted the wood A dear little child I espied ; Her hand was extended to gather with care My dew-laden first, so fragrant and fair, That grew on a bush by her side. And as she approached me I smilingly said, " Dear little one, pray may I ask What motive impels you to wander away So far from your home on this calm summer's day, To engage in so pleasing a task ?" "This spot is the fairest on earth," she replied, In accents endearing and low; "'Twas here that I knelt at my dear sister's feet, 'Twas here that she lovingly heard me repeat The prayer she had taught me to know. But death has dissevered our union of love, Her spirit immortal has flown; And oft as I pensively journey along I think that 1 hear the sweet words of her song, For this, sir, I wander alone. Her name-'twas my second-how dear to me still ! You will find it inscribed on her tomb, Around it my sweet-scented whole may be seen, There two little daisies so fresh and so green In all their spring beauty still bloom." Years after, I saw on a neat little stone, That stands 'neath a wide-spreading tree, The name of the fair little maiden that stood To gather my first, by the side of the wood, And held such sweet converse with me. ZETA. II. A king of England. An ocean. An African state. An English statesman. Confusion. A Jewish measure. A town in Cornwall. A boy. The initials will name a celebrated poet, and the finals his native country. B. o. Hr. III. Find five words, containing the same letters, meaning- A nobleman's residence. Widely used beverages. A wind disliked. Partakes of food. Past tense of a verb of rest. J. A. BLAKE. IV. BIRDS. A consonant, an animal, a vowel, and cautious. A consonant, an intoxicating liquor, and a boy's name. A fruit, an article of clothing, and one-half of ache. Crooked, and a part of the body. Four-sixths of a large insect, and an advertisement. J. W. BISHOP. v. A PROVERB. 1,2,3, 4,5,5,6, 7,8,9,3,10, 7,8,11,12. CYRIL BELLINGIIAM.