TOR LEISURE MOMENTS. -----oo-----
Enigma No. 1. I'm in your bodies, I'm in your bones, I'm in your houses, I'm in your home 4 ; In lloni and tigers you'll find me there, I'm in »he clouds but not in the air ; I'm in plums, and in cherries, and strawberries sweet, I'm in your legs, bat not in your feet. Enough has been said this riddle me tell, And oblige your well-wisher, A. M'L. Enigma No. 2. Reverse ray first, then I ween Animals there will be seen. Rehead my next, then transpose, A liquor soon you will disclose. When my first and second is complete A bird you'll have that sings so sweet. J. Hill. Enigma No. 3. I'm not in the mountain, river nor lako; Not in tbe forest, wood, nor brake ; Not in the air, nor down in the sea, Nor on this earth will you find me ; Yet in the sky I'm always seen, And with the dying always be<m; With crying boys I'm alwavs found, And in a hymn-book I am bound. Now. as I've made it very plain. Surely you can guess my name. Puzzlb. If a word of five letters you take, And if you are not very green, Subtract five, and then you will make A word of four letters—'lis seen. Nothing's the answer perhaps you exclaim ; This time I am sure you are wrong— A word of four letters I say will remain, Now my answer to tell don't be long. Riddle. I have been hung by many a one, And yet I will ever exist ; Through me there's lots of work been done By the strength of the wrist. I've answered many a rogue and knave, And many a fool likewise ; I've answered the bravest of the brave, And the wisest of the wise. Though I've done this I am oft times seen And heard at a railway station ; At every hour of the day I ween In some parts of the nation. Now find my answer if you can, And to the Boy's Mibckllany send it ; I am hung to this day by many a man, So therefore I am quite contented. J. Trimbey. Transposition No. 1. When whole 'twill be found That I jump or I bound, Change my tail, then I say I am get· jng thin every day ; Change again, and then you bring To view the name of an ancient king. Change once more then I commaud To guide you safely by the hand. Take off my head and place another, Then I will be part of your mother. Ohange again, and you bring to light I <lare say what you do every night. Change once more, then you unfold That I am now both stiff and cold. J. Hill, Charadr No. 1. My first is a beast and so is my second, And my whole is the same though you may not have reckoned. -------- Α. M'Lean. Transposition No 2. If a river in England you rightly transpose, A town in France 'twill clearly disclose. Transposition No. 8. Entire you'll find me on tho tree, Beheaded an ancient vessel you'll see. -------- J. Ciikktham. SOLUTIONS TO No. 60. Cß_.RADM.-~l. House-wife. 2. Ram—I—G—Old (Marigold). 4. Ash- ton. RmD!.E.—A spark. Transpositions.—1. Saw—Was. 2. Mug—Gum, 8. Nit—Tin, 4. Nap —Pan. 5. Ink—Kin. 6. Meloa—Lemon.