€NIQîV»4TlOAL ŕ>A8TlrVII£». Contul^ tient for insertion in this Journal must bt tniorsi* "Enigmatical Pastimtr." Solutions must bt sent »itkin si* átys ef pwA'ivíťwi« r,f iU parnmtt, A'J Utttrs mutt lie iattd
13 CHARADE. S¿e the towerin : cliffs of Dover, Boidlv facing li.h.d Lallte, O'er mat spans tlie Kngli-h Channel, Which notu form my first to-day. Sec each hdy'e nnrrow second, Tightly bound to make it so; They must thiuk it great adorumect Thue to pain themselves for thow. Is it b-c«use your third looks new You've gat ed au honoured name? Well, let nie leli all those who do, 'Tie not a lighteous f inc. Tbey rather should be put in whole, As raving thin they go; Detraeteti 'tonds at booty, Might s rik»; a felling blow. D .P. Davidson. 14 ENIGMA. I make уош· clotlue ltok very neat If ihey art* В lied with duit, Tbe painters me wit'i pleasure greet Atd aie sincere, 1 trust. A trf phy of the modern chace, By Mint'nvn 1 am sou-.ht ; And, oh 1 Im*· j lytul ıs their face When cunning fox is cangbt. A kind of wood I often name, 'Tie seen in every laud : In me a soldier may get fame, As Miu wii) uidentand. Quill 16 CHARADE. Hon' luppy are the chi dren seen Ic lhe iiarli:ur window brigltt, Waiting f r fiibt on a winter e'en ; What joy wie:o he comes in s'ght. My second is in England f4r (When it'» properly trauspoeed); To my total all ehou'd compare, So 1 hope you will bs posed. John Ион krt Da n iki.. 16 MĽTAGRAM. Without my who'e ione could exist Upon the surface of the earth ; But change i's head, and it will show Bois erous merriment, or miith; Change heid, an Ι. ο ι the battle-field, This brave men « fen has laid low ; Once more change head, and it will t 11 A Popish reclute, that ycu know. Andrew Jack. 17. DECAPITATION. Comr>le.te; a eta fish I appear; Behead, a temalo lame 1 hear; Decapitatei, transpost!, you'll find A beverage I brng to mi« tí. Alpha. 18. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Ametal. Lutili f or I love. The state of Ь/тг concealed. A laigc quantity. A dieaic of the eve. A conjonction, meaning luppoli that. To catch suddenly. Piimals ıs Fren under ytiur е..\ез I express. Fína s u a j >lly pap r 1 gués?. D. F. Baluain. 19. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. An upper room A tciualn's пат». TI и bring- in esagee An old British coin. A by'a name A do.utsuc fowl. The initials und final·, read down, ^Λ ill bring to view an Iruh town, And the uver that it elands upon. £. YlLSeORC. SO. BI -GRAPHICAL ACROSTIC. 1 An eminent Flemish painter, who died in 1657. His delinea·юпв of beaste, fish, hunting ptrties, &c, were never surpaestd. Î. A celebrated natura'Ut, born l?h0, dl'd 1'99. He vac¬ cinated the chi dren of the Emprui Maria Theresa. 3. A celebrated Dutch paint«r and engraver, born 1606. His engravings posteas a wonderful frtedom, facility, and boldness, and are truly picturesque. His cirelees, unstudied mauntr agreee with h:e low subject·,
4 A celebrated painter, born at Brngee, about 1870 In the ait of paiutmg on glase he il considered ae tlie author of painting on whole pauea, with col'urs deliča су blended, and yet eo fir oily fixed that <.bii. A p iuter and distinguished engraver, boru at Ant¬ werp. Louis XIV. took special notice of him. He died 1707. 16 A celebrated Flemish painter. Sir Joshua Reynolds said that he was the gre «test mast r of lho mech nicol part of his an that ever exuied. One ot his greatest pictures was " Tho Rape of the Sabiues " The initials of the abo-e, rend downwards, will giv· a cele¬ bi a ed punter of the nineieeith century, wiio excels in p tinting natural history.., A lull solution is required. A. SVTHKILAND. 21. CHARADE. First a point of the сотравв statei, And next a den t > you relates ; So for my whole you'll please write down A very well-known English town. J. С Sckolm.