ENIGMA AND aHIDDEN TEXTS.
MY name in ancient Scripture's found ; But not until the world was drown'd. " The faithful" man knew much of me When travelling on with company. Another great commander, too, Of me made numbers-whether few Or many Scripture does not tell; 'Twas after the rebellious fell. A wise man speaks of us once more; Our number gives-above a score. A heathen king took us away From the Lord's house. - We cannot say From whence we sprang ; it is not known. Our numbers now have vastly grown; For every nation, tribe, or land, Have welcom'd us on every hand. G.C. Two' HIDDEN TEXTS. I. "Truly the light is sweet," said one of old,- King Solomon ! And we, in this our day Echo his ardent words ! Richer than gold, Now that the darksome winter's o'er, is gay And welcome Spring ! " A pleasant thing it is For our glad eyes to see th' enlivening sun ;" To watch the tender buds expand ; with bliss Their own to hear the birds' sweet joys begun. Each opening flower seems loud to call "Awake, Arise; see what bright gems appear o'er all The earth ! Heaven-painted hues abound, and take The place of barren heath and wintry pall." Sweet perfumes fill the air and gladden much The sense of smell. Creation seems replete With calls to man-" With voice of singing touch The pleasant strings of joy, and springtime greet ! " II. Flowers preach our birth, our life, our death ; yea e'en Our resurrection will in part declare ! Man cometh forth, like them, awhile is seen On earth ; is living dust ; nor may compare With them for beauty. Every step death's scythe Attends on each, and waits the sure command To cut it down ! To-day we're strong and blythe ; To-morrow, dust and ashes ! On each hand The sermon greets us-" Man conies like a flower, 'Bides as a shadow, fleeth far again."
18, 19 Man, since the fall, continueth not in power, Honour or life ! Childhood and youth are vni Vain while they last, and vanity when spent; 14 Just as the flower, which springs, buds, bursh 13 So also man, howe'er on living bent, 10 Shall lie him down in death, nor more shall ris Till the archangel's trump aloud shall sound! Then shall the dust awake; re-form'd shall sp From death and grave ; and the.redeem'd bet' In bliss eternal with their God and King ! But shall the ransom'd, the redeem'd, alone Arise ? Ah no ! The wicked too shall share In resurrection, but to woes unknown, To deepest horror, and untold despair ! E ANSWERS TO MARCH BIBLICAL CHARADE. Water. Pot. Waterpot.-(John iv. 28.) G. Kirby, N. and F. Saving, J. C. Heathfield, E. W. Ruse, W. Snell, W. J. and L. Carlton, E. Hall, B, and E. Aston, L. and K. Kelly, H. Barnes, and G. send correct answers. ANSWERS TO HIDDEN TEXT. " Blessed are they that do his commandments.' (Rev. xxii. 14.) G. Kirby, F. and N. Saving, L. and K. Kelly, W . J. C. Heathfield, W. Snell, G. Head, D., W. J. and LI ton, E. Hall, B. and M. Aston. H. M. and C. M. Allis! M. Haddow, H. Barnes, and M. O. C. Giles send e' answers.