ENIGMAS CHARADES, ETC. I.
A lady's title. A young lady's name. Made a god, and adored. A king who died with diseased feet. The fifth is the name of a musical sign. If clever you are, find the words I define. The first, the initials, the finals as well, The same word both backwards and forwards will spell, The other four words, if you turn them quite round, Both backwards and forwards the same will be found. W. WILEMAN. II. On a fine day in a pleasant farm-yard, Hodge was heard to heap loud curses upon a sow. Hodge was so angry that he did not like the reproof of the parson who heard him as he lent over the gate. Heodge excused himself by stating that the sow had eaten up all his chickens. The parson replied, "Whatever your misfortunes may be, you must always control your temper, and your language." "Come, come," said Hodge, "that's very true, and I hope you will always practice what you preach." "Very good," said the parson, "I will now go home and remember what you say. Good day to you. My parting advice is, that for the future you had better take more care of your roost." A word taken out of each of the above sentences will form a well known proverb. CYRIL BELLINGHAM. III. NAVAL COMMANDERS. A water-fowl. A girl's name (curtailed), and.a relation. A bird, and a vowel. One who dresses victuals. A bird, a preposition, and a consonant. A writing instrument, and a consonant. F. W. BROWN. Iv. "Bill," said a ploughman to his son, "When you have finished eating, run With my old boots to Matthew Field, And say I'll have 'em soled and heeled." Away went Bill with many a bound, His feet scarce seemed to touch the ground; He looked a young Achilles quite, So rapid was his headlong flight. But soon, 'twas nothing strange I own, He tripped and fell upon a stone; My first was bruised, and caused him pain, But Bill was up and off again. Within my secodl's white-washed walls, Midst l:ammers, nails, and cobblers' awls, Sat Matthew Field, as breathless Bill Essayed to state his father's will. Said he, " I much should like to stay, 'Twould suit me better far than play." "That," Field replied, "will never do, You see I have no room for you." "''I want. Well, what ?" said Bill, "the tacks, The hammer, lap-stone, or the wax ? " "No, none of those," he sternly cried, "I want my whlel, so stand aside." ZETA.