ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
The half of me taken, will well represent The method employed to work out your intent; Whatever your plan, whether wisest or worst, 'Twill fail, if you call not the aid of myfirst. With most of the ladies, 'tis well nigh a passion, For, go where you will, it is always the fashion. To persons familiar with matters parochial, My tail-half (think not that I meant to be jocial), A nuisance, unmitigate, often hath been, An "apple of discord" 'mongst neighbours, I ween. Should you go for a walk, or a drive, or a sail, Your progress my last will attend, without fail; It sometimes is rapid, at other times slow; On 'Change it is quoted, now high, and then low; If you seek it in the Times what the Registrar saith, You'll find it oft used in connection with death; 'Tis fast, or 'tis loose, as belonging to life ; 'Tis done, and that oft, by an ill-tempered wife. For the gifts which a bounteous Father bestows, Each mortal a debt of obedience owes, And care should be taken so as not to abuse,. Nor seem to despise what is given us to use; In joy and in sorrow, whate'er may befall, In labour, in ease, in pleasure, in all- Be it good, be it evil, let each be the whole. And this keeping clear of neglect and excess, Our joy will increase, and our danger be less. J. MARSHALL. II. VEGETABLES. 536163 718836 5189425 34234 G. M. BROAD. IIT. A bird mentioned in Genesis. A musical entertainment. An office in the Church of England. A French word much used in English. A kind of tax. A place in Spain where a celebrated battle was fought. The initials will give the christian, and the finals the surname of a general in the army, very. celebrated about this time. IV. In the depth of, cold winter I always am found, But in autumn I die, like the leaves on the ground; When the summer appears I again show my face, While the beautiful spring I'm allowed not to grace. In the wonders of nature, but not like our earth, I come to an end, but again have my birth. Without me the seaside would lose all its charms, And appear to the world as a man without arms. V. TOWNS IN EUROPE. A vegetable (curtailed), and an animal. A contest and a tool. A vowel, a kind of wine, and a vowel. Part of a verb, half of British money, and a bank. Insane, and a verb. Open, and a castle. F. B. AND W. T.