ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
210. CHARADE. My first, when winter comes severe, May, scattered o'er the ground, be seen ; My next will show to yon quite clear A Spanish title I do mean ; Which, if together you connect, A mountain you wUl then detect. Joe Fissxn» 211. ACROSTIC. A sign of melancholy behold ; And look or mien this wUl unfold; A ruffian who by evil Uves ; One who is elever this on· gives ; To clutch in this you'U surely see ; And now my last is plain to thee. A barbarian, if read down you sight ; I pray ye now bring it to Ught. Ernest E. Rooerjo» 312. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My first is one-fourth of text; Bashful, you'll see, is the next ; An English river for this pnt down; This is a bird of prey you wiU own ; My fifth is an English river of renown; And my sixth wiU a battle name ; My seventh is a poet of fame ; This is an English river, I ween; My last is ове-fifth oi scene. The centrals read across, and down, WiU name an English river of renown. R, CaosBLBX» ПЗ. PUNIA» A. First was a Uvely buxom maid, Who of nobody was afraid ; Aud who, thougb poor, was very fair, With long tresses of golden hair ; And with such bright, bewitching Írok», That spoke more (hen a hundred books; In tan old castle, her låst lived, Immensely rioh lt was beUeved ; For she had married a yonng earl, Who loved her when she was a girl ; That proud lord, in his stately hall, Would Often to him hie wHe oall ; And both would observeTOtmd the oom Old portraits surrounded Witti gloom ; At his totals, of stern aspect, Both then would look with deep reinei'. AVTÊCTf 214 DOUBLE AOEOSTIC, My first ie an officer, I ween ; Part of a boat, transposed, ia seen ; A vehicle for this yon wiU see ; Partof the oompass thle will be ; And fresh for my fifth put down ; This, ourtaUed, is in gardens grown ; My seventh is a fabulous bird ; A pleasure-boat for this please find. The initials and the finals, Tead down, WiU name to you an English town. RodeetJ 215. PUZZLE. Oie'.hundred my first, a thousand my last ; Then for the remainder please take Two H'e, two A's, and a fourth part of mast* Which, united, my total will make. Thomas Turpin (ArmigШ). 216. ÖHABAT/E. My first the weary of ten need ; A blessing to Nature ls seoond ; To curb.ln my total you wiU read ; To prevent It also is reckoned. Ernest E. Roberts;
SOLUTIONS. £05.—Scrape, crape, rape, ape». 206.—EUen.SNtll. 2)7.—Stone, tone, note, one. 203.— S EWE T BSN T В В ADD ON OAT HE В I NE LOND OV PRIDE 209,—Sun-day, Sunday.