ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
Find one word, which is contained in each of the following phrases in italics :-On approaching the Eternal City, I exclaimed, " Oh, nasty Rome!" As I drew still nearer it appeared more nasty; and when I reached a convent, hoping I might yet ransom from death my one star, a monk, who looked pityingly on my tears, introduced himself as one of those who practise what my senator calls tory means and money arts. It was early morn as yet, but glancing at rosy men, I observed them devoutly kneeling before a large "stone Mary." Upon this I shouted, "pAy, monster!" loud enough to be heard by yon master (the Pope), who, indignant at my treason, and bent on mastery, ordered me to be conveyed across yon stream, by means of my ten oars, and confined in a Roman stye; yet no arms were raised to obey this cruel order; and though I relished neither my company nor my seat, I stayed to hear the service, which proceeded somewhat in this strain: " Yes, matron, we firmly may rest on thee;" "No rays met ever in so bright a centre," &c. So I turned to the monk at my side, and said, " Yet Romans I think are under a delusion, and although the same try on, year after year, to set on Mary an honour which belongs not to her, it is altogether a mean story." Whereupon he gave me a box on my ears, not to make me angry, but all in love, he said. Then he exhorted his brethren: "Be brave; 0, try as men!" and I added, "So try, Amen." The ex- citement woke me, and, behold I it was all a dream. W. WILEMAN. II. 'Twas winter, dark and cold the night, Snow falling fast around, As, seated near my cheerful fire, I heard a gentle sound. Some weather-beaten friend, I thought, Seeks shelter and repose. 'Twas then the horrors of my first My very vitals froze. My visitor, old lawyer B , His mission quickly told; My second I as quickly sought, And rushed through wind and cold. Safe housed at last, I thought again, And as I thought, I dozed: The genial warmth diffused around, My weary eyelids closed. Terror of terrors! O for words To paint what next I saw ! A monstrous grisly bear approached, And raised his horrid paw. But when I felt his powerful clutch, My fears were past control; Oh ! how I strove to beat him off !- Dear reader, 'twas-my whole. ZETA. III. A French article, a Latin noun, and an English conjunction, joined together, produce a wonderful Bible animal UNCLE STEPHEN. IT. TOWNS IN ENGLAND. 386154 3817 16965 7922 w. WEARE.