8 DEO åPI Г ATION.
Thou :h I am amali, yet when entiro I aure could aet the world on fire ; Let but a letter dlaappea r, And I will guard a herd of deer ; Omit another, and you'll flnd What once took oare of human kind. G.Fox. 87 ANAGRAMS. The following, transposed, will bring to view 14 town· in England:—1. Had rum. 2. Dear gin. 8« Slide beam. 4. Clean. 5. New net. 6. Ned'· wall. 7. New look. 8. All laws. 9. New Dover. 10. Hot lena. 11. Ma'a grate. 12. Red Bofa. 18. Buy bran. 14. Sly rade. T. RrnoATX. 88 DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A man by whom ore ie refl aed ; A lady's name ; to leave behind ; Wbat schoolboy s get with rod or oane; And what will ne'er retara agiin The initiale ahow what ia sought With muoh anxiety ; The fittale alao point out What all men wieh to be. S. МоОЯАСПЯ 89. CHARADE. When Adam first waa made a man, With him my origin began ; With Eve I never claimed a plaoe, Nor any of ber tender raoe. With Noah ln the ark I floated, And patriarch Jaoob on me doted ; But in theae degenerate times, Disgraced by folliea and by crime«, No aooner do I make appearanoe, Than man aa quiokly makes a olearanoe. With poverty I boaet existence, Sometimee a week withont résistance ; But with the rioh, ao short my stay, I scarce outlive a single day. Ere I expire, no ghost mere white, And in that hue I vanlah quite. But hydra-like I rise again, And rear my crest upon the plain, Where oft before I have been slain С. Томыя. 40. PUZZLE. A word of four lettera I pray yoa to take, If tbat word yon follow, 'twill soon make yon aohe ι Bnt alter that word, by aquoeslag in one letter, Then follow lt out, and 'twill eoon make yon botter. о. T. 41. t ANAORAM4. If the following yoa transpose, eight European rivere will be bronght to view t—I. See Moll. 2. H rab me* 8. Nérvea. 4. Her no б. Red plne. 6. Ham iet. 7. May dew. 8. Go law. E, STAFVonn. 42. CHARADE. Behind a well-worn desk, a youth waa perched, With pen in hand, one fine but f reealag day, And throaph a ponderous tome he valaly searched, For his thoughts were wandering far away. Soon he followed them, and qaiakly effected Hie exit from my whole quito undetected. He almost flew along tbe allppery streets, And frozen path·, till be had reaohed my seoond, Where, eoon equipped, he ventare« oa, and meets With lond applause, fo skilful be is reokoned. Accomplished, indeed, tor his feata were such Aa might elicit praises from the Datoh. While yet exerting all hi« skill with pride, He rushes blindly to hte orael fate ; Cri ь of my first he he «rs on every aide, He tries to obey; but a » I it ie too late. The truant youth has f ullen, and they aay Beneath my aeoond he is borne away. B.8.