ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. Contributions for insertion in this Journal mutt it tnirrsed "Enigmatical Pastimes." Solutions must bt tent within six days of publication of the pastimes. All letters mutt bt dated.
84. SQUARE WORDS. For first a range of mountains eet down, My second is a small English town ; Third's a character in the famed " Ï.B.," Last means to look disdainfully. J. T. Palmer. 35. CHARADE. Ια " Karl the Uhlan " mv first is seen, And " Handy Bob " has the next 1 ween ; In "Spangles and Gold," my next you 'II find, And my fourth is found in " Whip the Wind." " Lionel WestmoTe " has the fifth, " Old Pete, the Hunter," possess the Bixth ; In "Cuirassiers of the Guard " my next is I wren, And my whole in " Tom Wildrake's Schooldays " is seen. C. and A. Greeniialgh. 36. CONUNDRUM. What famine ineect, ye riddling bards name, Represents a Btory teller of fame ? Chas. Hemmings. 37. DECAPITATIONS. Complete I 'm what we all call old, Behead. I 'm what we all have told ; Perhaps to please seme Ы η ful child, That came to ask in accents mild. Behead again, and then a beverage you see, That to drink too much, injurious will be ; Transpose, and then a plain you 'II have in s:ght, It will prove quite true, if you will do it right. С and A. Greknhalgh. 38. VERBAL PUZZLE. Three Cs three E'e, P. A, N. H, and L., If put right together A Scotch town will spell. Alpha. 39. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A part of a cat, 2. A game this is, no doubt, 3. A river is that, 4. An animal this is. My whole every day, You perform, I dare вау. Ciiahi.ks Hkmmings. 40. VERBAL PUZZLE. Two M's, an N, and P. Three I's, and L, and G, Three A's, two T's, and C, Two S's, and twice E, Put these together and you '11 trace, The answer clear before yonr face. Andrew Jack. 41. CHARADE. In woods and fores's my firet is seen, And down through the fields, towards the green ; 'Tis a kind of tree, that storms has stood, As they fiercely raged through the forest and wood. My second 'в a weight, I think yon '11 find, Bnt one yon cannot lift, bear in mind ; And should you like my next to know, It's not above, as tbe answer will show. If you a letter want to write, Ton 'd use my last to keep it straight ; If all 'в combined aright by you, An English town it brings to view. C. and A. Grienhaloh. 42. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. My first is now before your eyes. 2. I love my next the muer cries 3. On Russia's coasts this town is fon ml. 4. This river rune through Germai ground. 5. Between two I» mis this often lies. β. l've oft done this to gain a prize. 7. In winter on the lake 'tis seen. 8. This is a water-herb, I ween. Initials first read down and вее What 'β now before your view, My finals near to it will be, I hope they '11 puzzle you. Η. V. E. Grant.
43. LOGOGRIPH. My whole's a country which 1 trow, Is famed for superstitiou; Unpleasant feeliugs it will show, When m a new positiou. John Si.üiu.y.