ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
Required, the date of this battle. ii "Of all domestic plagues, my first, Beyond dispute, is far the worst; To smoke him out will be rare fun, Sam, fetch my second; quick, now, run !" Thus argued little Fanny Field, Who never once was known to yield; Of course, convinced against her will, She held the same opinion still. Meanwhile, both smoke and fire were brought To act upon the victim sought; While he, the cunning little elf, Securely lodged behind the shelf. ' Now, Sam," said Fanny, "fill the pot, And make the water blin' hot ; We'll scald the rascal's jacket, then He never can disturb again." To say that he could long endure So warm a bath is false, I'm sure. But just in time to stop the game, Home from my whole their father came. " Fanny," said he, "and you, my boy, Oh, why thus wantonly destroy The meanest creatures of the earth ? To the same power you owe your birth. From henceforth acts of kindness show, And live beloved by all below; Life's battle thus you'll nobly fight, Determined to maintain the right." ZETA. III. TOWNS IN ENGLAND. 6, 9, 4, 5, 9, 4. 8, 9, 6, 7, 9, 4. 9, 6, 5, 3, 1, 2. 3, 1, 6, 7, 9, 4. 8, 1, 7, 3. 3, 9, 6, 7. w. nnow'. I V. Find two words containing the same letters, mean- ingjoined, and severed. W. WILEMIAN.
Mlr When did this judge live ? VI. Fresh. Sound returned. A member of the body. A luminary. Metal in its mineral state. An Indian prince. The initials read downward and the finals upward give the names of two great naval commanders. H. WOOLLEN. VII. You are my first, and so am I, And such we shall be till we die. My second ne'er my first can be, Though 'twill exist when dust are we. Go seek my whole in Afric's plains, If that my whole my first remains ; If not, my second ne'er may show In what dark spot my whole lies low. 1. E c. VIII. A rural poem. A garment. A representative. A sign of the zodiac. Clothed. The initials and finals read upwards, and the second letters downwards, will give respectively a brave general, a noted statesman, an Italian poet. J. GROOM. IX. Why is a man who eats boiled rice certain to be prosperous ? C. SLATER. X. A PARTY OF SCHIOOLGIRLS. A verb, and an eatable grain. A vehicle, a vowel, and a string. A verb, and a boy's name. An animal, a pronoun, a preposition, and a vowel. A bargain, and an interjection. Grand, and a vowel. J. w. BISHOP.