üEniffmattcal йШ ШтшМщ ШхшЬ FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. Nambí of Placbs Pictouially Described
Τ R U oase Charade No. 1. My first is a part of the body, which we Should be puzzled to get on without ; My next is a species of seat you oft see At a pirty, a ball, or a rout ; My whole is a great acquisition where easo And real comfort is studied ; and moro, It is that which I'm certain could not fail to pi When arranged in its place on the floor. Charade No. 2. My first is a bird which flies high in the air, Aud pleases us all with its song ; My second is that which is mostly found where The huntsman goes racing along ; My whole is a plaut which blooms early in spring, And continues in flower for days, Aye, for weeks—'tis, in fact, a most beautiful thing, And as such it well merits onr praise. Charade No. 3. My first is a fruit often carried about, And sold at a penny per slice ; My next is another you've tasted, no doubt, And if so, you'll say it is nice ; My whole is a fruit which is often grown here, ţ But not without care and e spense— Hence their reason for cutting it up, 'twould appear, To dispose of in slices for pence. Charade No. 4. I am the name of an Indian city, and consist of seven letters : my 1 2 4 3 is an edible vegetable, my 2 4 б ia one of our organs of sense, my 7 2 4 is salt, and my 8 6 4 5 signifies not far off. E. Taylor. Enigma No. 1. My first is double my last ; if you divide my last by ten, you will get my centre ; multiply my last by two and divide it by my first, and you will then get the remaining letters ; place them in their proper places, and yon will then have a word of five lettete, which will be found to relate to politeness. j. Trimbey Transpositions. ^. Transpose a woman's name with skill, And you will see that I must kill. ?. If a river in Ireland you behead, A woman's name you'll discover instead. Irish Towns.—1. Rome is L. 2. Lick mire. 3. Leer at. 5. Kinjgs wont. 0. A deer. 7. Rock. 8. Gay law. 10. Ales ink. 11. In mart. 12. Nab fctrae. J. Hill. 4. Nab Nod. 9. Oh, Mag! T. A. a b i n c t t p c t b t a d s b p t H t Rebus No. 1, The initials and finals of the following will reveal one of the wonders of the world :—A boy's nick-namo, a horse's accoutrements, a river of Europe, a short blow, another name f r " you," a worn-out piece of linen, a monk β residence, a kind of broom, and a short preposition. _ ------Г H. J. Peart. Rebus No. 2. A beverage, a bird, a country in Asia, to spring and an article to boil water in. The initials of the above will reveal the name ofa shell-fish. Rebus No. 3. A precious metal, a town in Scotland, an animal, a liquid, a part of the b()dy, a tree, a flower, л boy's name, and a State in America. The initials of these will reveal a great general. F. \y. North. SOLUTIONS TO No. 36. Names op Places Pictorially Desoriubd.—Spa-(i)in. Arithmetical Questions.—1. 24 sheep. 2. Filled in 2 202-319 hours * emptied iu 1 6-G hours ; also emptied in 2 78-381 hours. Rbbus-1. Pyrrhus— Eli—Teheran—Ebro—Roscommon-Banff-Orange — Rochester — Ontario — Ul>sses — Ghent —Homer— (Peterborough) 2. Cape—ape—pea-pa—(Cap). 3. Neat—eat—at—net—ten. Charades.—1. Forecastle. 2. Catastrophe. 3. Finale. ЕкшмА.-The letter E. i