I. PUZZLE.
I am such an indispensable part of your being that a mortal creature cannot exist without me. Yet I am not exclusively of an animal nature, for the earth owns me as well. I am to be met with at Vesuvius and Etna. I am to be found in rivers. I dwell in all caves of the earth, and in all pits whether of coal or ore. Not even a cannon is made with- out me. I am large and long in the shark and alligator, small in the crab and alligator, deep and wide in every jar and jug. I dwell in Venice, and through my means the secret messages to the Inquisition passed. I was in Egypt with Memnon; and I have given joy and sorrow ever since the world began. II. PUZZLE. I am a word of six letters, and when known am shunned by all. Behead me twice, and I am in a hospital. Cut off three letters, and I am an animal. Transpose me, and I make a quarrel. Transpose me again, and I am useful in a gun; again, and I am feared by school- boys. Behead me twice and curtail me, and I am no longer at peace. Alter my letters again, and I am a mode of conveyance; again, and I am in misery. Change me again, and I am part of a circle; another change in my various parts, and 1 afford you amusement; another, and I am a fish; another, and I am uncooked; and, lastly, 1 am a girl's name. VIOLET. III. HIDDEN ISLANDS OF EUROPE. 1. I met Major Cameron this morning. 2. The barmaids, six in number, were dressed in white and blue. 3. Oscar ran hurriedly against me. 4. He was standing on the hotel balcony. 5. Is Lady Jane still on the Continent ?
6. Anne was at home, but Edith was out. 7. He set out with only a staff and a knapsack. 8. He rode on a pony and I on a donkey. 9. As a reward for his good conduct I gave William an orange. No NA»IE. IV. TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED (IRELAND). 1. I am the bark of a tree and a well-built town. 2. My first is to break a commandment, my second is a plant, and my whole is on the Shannon 3. My first is a chest, my second is dejected, my whole is on the coast. 4. My first is cement, my second is in the field, and my whole is a place of great antiquity. 5. My first is a conveyance, my second is a fish, my third the shallow part of a river, and my whole a small town.