DOMINOES—THE MATADORE.
Tho object of this game is to fit tlic dominoes to- frether iu such a way that the two ends make soven. Thos-o dominóos that count seven of themselves (as 4-3, 5-2, ß-1) can be phiyod at eiiher end to whieh ono sido of tlio domino corresponds. Each player takes the poso in turn and ho who first gots domino, or stops the gamo, counts the pip? on all tho employed dominoen of his opponent's hand (or of both hands), and reckons towards game, whioh lg50, 10J, or 150 up. Tho player who first makes the required number, wins. Tho excitement of this gamo is much mcreascd by playing -svitli а double sot of dominons, in whioh lie spots go up to double nine or double twelve. DEMISCRIP. INHS"]J\"!II/„i I! h;\ Abovo you sec just half of what you may вес, If you're but; half as sharp as clover gneesere may bo ; Below you'll find, in ot'.cr words, the samo idea pre· ei-ely, If you but add the lines and curves, and pen it very nicely. \I_11 «8 MAGIC WASHING. To properly perform thi», you must haven table with n small trap in it. Borrow half a dozen handkerchiefs, aed havo ns many of your own of all colours. Place the borrowed handkerchiefs on tho trap, uud cove.'· them with a large cloth, or cover, whon yonr confede¬ rate has them to iron, fold, and scent thc borrowed ones. When you think ho U ready, place tho wet hand¬ kerchiefs on the trap, and your confederate at once changes them, and to the astonishment of tlie company you produce tho handkerchiefs, which appear as if tbey liad been washed. You may have two or more ironing tho hnudkerchiefs, which must be woll damped. PUZZLE INSCRIPTION. A consonant talco, and make with it, if not difficult iu wit, tour sentem СЧ. AN YENE KTISF ORTI Г NESAN FULLY AN YORE EET IS ERY OR OSELY ANY ISERAİÎLEI 8ЕП8А KEUO HONEY OSTE LANO HOLY ADENUR UROU RN FULLY. Supply the letter M, and tho vereo will read thus :— Many men moot misfortunes manfully ; Many more meet misery morosely ; Many miserable misers mako much money ; Most melancholy madmen murmur mournfully. SHADOW BUFF. Tliis iü а каше something rcsombling Blind Man's Bull'. A piece of white linen is thrown over a lino across tho room: between this screen, and close to tho wallon onu side, n candle is placed, anden the other sido Bnffy is obliged to stand, while tho players moving between tho candle und linen show their shadows through i *, nnd Buff y hue to distinguish each person by his shadow. When he does this, the player йо found out becomes BufFy, and takes his place. THE PARTIAL REPRIEVE. To arrange thirty criminals in such a manner, that, by counting them in succession, always beginuing ¡it the first, and, rejecting every ninth person, fifteen of tüera may be saved.—Arrange the criminali accord¬ ing to the order of the vo webs iu the following Latin vorso :— 45 21 3 1 12 2 3 1 2 2 1 populoam virgam water regina ferch.it Because О is the fourth in the order of vowel.·, you must begin by four of those whom you wish to save ; next to those place five of those whom you wish to punish, and so on alternately, accordili.;· to tho figures which stand over tho vowels of tho above verso. D II A U G II T S. P' )BLEM XII.—BY F. С. COOKE. Bl ae ■Jlfl ш® ■L шЪ§й ■о« w/w, ШШ а ШШ Шт ттж «о ,....... Ш ¥Ш ШО Ш О ■Ä......шШ ШШ. ^ шт ^ White. White to play and win in five moves.
sľJKTj?sss«wwe3 157. LOGOGRIPH. When whole a fox may hide in me, Curtail'd you'll find me near tho sea ; At least I'm said near Cork to be. Restoie my tail, cut off my head, You'll find я word that's often said ; Whon things are dono, or men are doad. And if I'm now transpos'd aright, To wonder, then will oome in sight, Whether 'tis done by day or night. W. Gaubutt, Jcn,, 158. CHARADE. My first will name a woll-knowu game, Wo kuow it one and all ; My ne;i)t will show a being who Has thousand! at his call ; For whole, last, and your eyos pleaso cast Upou your kitchen wall. Wandering Willie. PICTORIAL REBUS. 159. NUM KRIČAL CHARADE. I am а word of 10 letters. My 9, 8, 5, 10 is nn Irisai town ; my 10, 7, 8, 9,1 is to rap : my 4, 8, 5, 7 is a low cry ; my 3, 5, C, 1 is a bird ; my 4, 2, 3, 1 is something used in tea ; my 4, 5, 0, 10 is to point ; my 8, 1, 5 is a Russian river ; my i, 8, C, 7 is uot eveuiug. Whole I am an Scotch town. Ει-nest George Lövell. 160. ENIGMATICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. They are both iu tho sky, they are both iu the sea, And we oat them for breakfast, for dinner, for tea. 1. Skipping iu tho fields, covered by your boots, For a booby niso well the little suits. 2. If you stay hero, we're thin in New Zealand,'lis clear, If you go to New Zealand, we then will bo here. 3. We're on your foot, beneath your boot, ou each hand found, By cats we're treasur'd, by drapers moasm-'d, sold by tho pound. 4. Iu hunting, cricket, blindman's huff, or prisoners' base, Iu singing too, in each of theso I find a place. 5. Gono ages sinco, for all time gono, this cause of sin and sorrow, Yet comos to-day, eamo yesterday, and will retnrn to-morrow. G. With tho drummer, the dancer, the sailor, at sea, We cat them for breakfast, enjoy them for tea G. F. lorn. PICTORIAL REBUS. ^ ír What do theso lively fore'gners represent ? 131. METAGRAM. A part of your faco if you change head, A kind of plunge you'll have instead ; Change head again, and then, I ween, The centre ot' an apple will be seen ; Again change head, and if aright, What means to tear will come to sight. William Dickinson. 1C2. TRANSPOSITIONS—BOOKS. 1, This dear, M. 2. Kick W.—Pipors cap. 8. Hack by Nile lions. 4. Hue, sob, leak. 5. Heel now, lad. 6. The wild chief. 7. Hot sheath, Ted. 8. Go defend it, H. 9. Nay, Leou sign, N. J. Chapman. Answers to the above will appear in No. 54.
s^zaÉSg^ The Dough you Can't make into Bread—Shadow. Rent that Pays—Parent. Best Sort of Stirs for Sleepy People—Oystors. The Lest Known author—The author of your being. OUR CHRISTMAS PARTY.-IV. Spell " I liko yon very well, Tom ; but you are such a tease !" in four letters.—Don't! Spell "A wife's obedi¬ ence and a husband's con¬ sent," iu three letters.— Yes. Spell "A father's re¬ fusal to give a Christmas party," in two letters- No. Spell " The surprise of all thc family," in one letter-О ! Why is a salmon like a rent?—Because itis fish, sure (fissure) ! Wuen is a Man a Metal ? —when he is led (lead). When is a Man Bor¬ rowed ?—When he is a loan (alone). Occupation of Russia and Turkey—Fighting. Sunday Work—Idleness (with most people). SATO'S MA-ЯМА, WHO HAS GREAT EXPECTATIONS FOR HEU. Тле Irish lcoy to Open Hard Hearts and Closed Pur -cs—Whiskey, No Need to Call Again—Tho tax-collector. OUR CHRISTMAS PARTY.-V. ■Я THE ENflAf'ET) COUPLE. The most Plastic Singer—Clay, (Mr. Frederic). The Actress to Wake you up Early—Mrs. Roushy (rouse, boy!) , , The Sweetest Actor on the Stnge—Honey. OUR CHRISTMAS PARTY.—VI. What Parting Salute ia the Most Watery ? — A dew (adieu). What part of the body is liko an uncultivated piece of land iu a fer¬ tile country?—A waste (waist). When did Apollo Pun¬ ish the Wicked?—When he struck the lyre (liai·). Why is a Departed Friend like а Fog? — When he is mist (missed). The Gloomiest General —General Depression. The Busiest General- General Post-office. The Lazie3t General- General Stagnatiou. Pocket-picking Volun¬ teers—The London Bilks. Well abused people aio always seeking apology in Civil Courts. The Greu test Plague o t Life—Noisy children. THE NICE YOUNG MAN OF THE TARTY. Why do minors resemblo witnesses iu the Court of Chancery ?—They aH tako their Davy. Warmly Received—Mince-pies. Coldly Received—lee-puddings. Good singera are like misers—When they retain their notes.