THE CONJURER'S JOKE, Take a penny in each hand, holding your hands wide apart. " I will now," you eay, " show both coins in the same hand, without bringing ray hands together. Into whioh hand, miss, would you like to see them ť The lady indicates her wish, when with your arms still extended, you place one penny on the table, turn round, and take it up with the other hand. "Nothing more easy, you perceive, than conjuring. All the seeret lies in tbo knowing how !" THE HORSE-SHOE PUZZLE. Cut a piece of cardboard into the shape of the left- hand figure, put it on the table, and ask any of the company to divide it into seven pieces with two cuts. Tlie method is shown in the right-hand figures. THE WOLF, THE GOAT, AND THE CABBAGE. This old paradox is curious, and worth repeating. A man with a goat, a wolf, and some cabbages, had to cross a stream in a boat only large enough to carry himself and one of the animals. He was puzzled how to take them one by one. If he left the wolf with tho goat there would be murder, he knew ; and if he left the goat with the cabbage, he would lose his dinner, for Nanny would eat it. He did get across, however, and this is the way he did it : He took over the goat ; returned, and took over the wolf. He leaves that on the other side, and brings back the goat. Then leaving the goat on this side, he takes over the cabbage, which he leaves with the wolf, and comes back once more for the wolf, and so gets them all safe over the stream. THE GARDENER'S PUZZLE. Tbe jollowing old-world riddle is sufficiently in¬ genious to be worth preservation :— Ingenious artist, pray disclose, How I nine trees can áo dispose, That these ten rows shall formed be, Aud every row consist of three ? The trees musfc be planted thus, when ifc will be fliuud that the nino will form ton rows. X X X THE HOUSEBREAKERS. Take a pack of cards, and place all the aces together, the twos, threes, and so on up to the kings. Then you say " Here are four houses," laying down the four acca separately, "which four knaves enter, and intend to rob, laying the knaves on the aces. " They bring witli them their jemmies and dark lanterns," plaoiDg n two, three, four, five, six, seven, and eight. " The mistresses come home," laying a queen on each heap, " Dringing their money with them," laying a nine upon each queen. " Soon after, their husbands arrive," laying a king on each queen, " also bringing money," laying a ten on each king. " Now, let us see what fol¬ lows." You place one heap on the other, and let the pack be "cut as often as the company choose. Now commence at the top, and lay the cards one by one face downwards on the table, so as to make thirteen heaps ; when, to the astouishment of the company, the four aces, the four kings, the four queens, the knaves, and tho rest together, without any other cards between. This is a simple, but most curious card trick. DU AUG HTS. PROBLEM II.-BY T. M. HOGG, HAWICK. Block. fc ш .IL ii Ш ШаШ Щ m «¡oP- Ж « Ж** ^ Ж...- White. White to play first, and win in two moves.