DDEN TEXT AND DOUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC.
" LORD ! whom have I in heaven above but thee, Or on the earth," says one who longs to be Join'd to his Lord in holy sympathy. "Who loveth at all times," there is a friend ; Whom once he loves, he loveth without end ; si And chasteneth each to cause them to attend. DOUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIO. Among the Prophets, two are mentioned here, Who next each other in God's Word appear, They were contemporaries 'tis supposed, Their theme, God's judgment, made them many foes. The place where John, his blessed testimony gave When first he preach'd of One that mighty was to save. When Uzzah impiously put forth his hand, The Ark was brought to me and here did stand. 'Twill help to form the names you seek to trace, If here, from the five vowels, two you place. Divine appointment placed these people where, They, in Mosaic ritual took a share. Catford. W.C.B. ANSWERS TO JANUARY BIBLE ENIGMA. M erodach-baladan (Isa. xxxix. 1.) 0 bed-edom (2 Sam. vi. 11.) R edeemer (Isa. lix. 20.) N ovice (1 Tim. iii. 6.) I conium (Acts xiv. 1.) N ebo (Deut. xxxii. 49.) G ershom (Ex. ii. 22.) S myrna (Rev. i. 11.) T arsus (Acts xxi. 39.) A nakims (Deut. ii. 10.) R aphu (Numb. xiii. 9.) Morning Star (Rev. xii. 6.) J. W. MEE. Answers (some slightly differing) have also been reeeived from W. Stonebridge, O. Glencross, A.R.B., H. Norman, ANSWERS TO BIBLE ACROSTIC. Elhanan was a warrior bold, A man of mighty courage too ; A Beth-lehemitE (1 Sam. xvi. 1), as Jesse was, He brother of a giant slew. 'Tis grace casts in the LaP (Prov. xvi. 33) of Truth For those who truly fear and love, The Lord disposing of the whole To those who'll reign with him above.
EilhU was a man most wise, And what he spoke was just and true; He came to Job to counsel him- When you have time, just read it through. This name you need not wish to bear, No honour would it bring to thee; A ScorneR or a slanderer Are names all godly souls would flee. A church on earth Christ always had, 'Gainst world and sin she has to fight; Her titles, too, are numerous, This one, I see, is ShulamitE (Song vi. 13.) The host encamp'd at En-gedl Was very quickly overcome (2 Chron. xx.) When this good king Jehoshaphat Pray'd to the great Almighty One. Now, DagoN was a god of stone To whom the Egyptians raised their cry; To worship such a thing as this Would never do for you or I. King Amaziah had a son, High lifted up with pride was he, And Azariaf was his name, And he was struck with leprosy. (2 Ki. xv.) Sin rages all the wide world o'er, And yet, for heinousness extreme, Because against God's saints 'tis turn'd, Apostate RomE is worst, 'twould seem. EliadA was a captain true, No doubt he fought with skill and might; He ruled two hundred thousand men, A mighty army this to fight. (2 Chron. xvii.) The Israelites, in their distress, Went to the Lord for aid ; and he With mighty men at mount TaboR Did give to them the victory. (Judg. iv.) Deceitful is the HearT of man 'Tis sinful-desperately bad (Jer. xvii. 9) ; Upon all kinds of evil bent, Which often makes the Christian sad. The words that are italicized Will clearly now disclose the text; First read all the initials through And then take all the finals next. 'Tis, " Blessed are the pure in heart." (Matt. v. 8.) And when this life of sin is o'er,
In heaven the God of love they'll see, ad be with him for evermore. uthsea. . A.G. M.