HIDDEN TEXT AND BIBLICAL CHARADE.
1 0, hear my cry, most gracious Lord ! 2 Thou to my soul canst help afford. 3 I'll wait on thee for fresh supply; 4 Though faint, thou wilt not let me die. 5 I'm only sinful, weak, and vile; 6 Upon me, Jesus, canst thou smile 1 " Vain is the help of man " and now, 7 0 God, my only hope art thou ! word from each numbered line forms a text showing in som David trusted. F.E. BIBLICAL CHARADE. Whom Motes saw, but not one of his friends; Bused in " Acts " the word to baseness tends pprobrious name the King of Glory bure, h' apostles too! I need not tell you more. VhatJonah found, and many since his day; AdAgur wonder'd how it went its way; ere the disciples only one loaf had ; hey had their Master, though, which made them glad. ombined, what happiness from heart to heart ! sip just by the way, ere saints depart. lore frequent may these peaceful seasons be, hen by the Spirit's help, the Lord they see. ddthe Scripture references to the figured lines and give answer-a compound word. Datford. W.C.B. ANSWERS TO APRIL HIDDEN TEXT AND ACROSTIC. lonor,"-mind's ornament more bright than gold, he buable ones in spirit shall uphold." (Prov. xxix. 23.)
Correct answers have been received from IM. Glencro W. Snell; A. Young; V. Eveling; W. Stonebridge; Stevens; E. Marriott ; J. W. Mee; A. A. Lyles; l, Levy; and F. Dennis. [The names of W. Snell and Marriott were omitted last month.] M idia N. (Ex. ii. 15; Gen. xxv. 2.) I turne A. (Luke iii. 1.) C hemos H. (Numb. xxi. 29.) A bih U. (Lev. x. 1.) H ira M. (1 Ki. vii. 13-45.) Micah spake of one to come,- To comfort those of low degree, Whose goings forth had been of old,- An everlasting King to be. For David's city now must rise, No longer in the dust to lie ; Receive her ruler from the skies, And mount to dwell with him on high. Good Nahum, with his burden too, His book of visions here unfolds; Declares the Lord to anger slow; His dreadful majesty beholds. The guilty city, fill'd with blood, Oppression, cruelty, and woe, Shall suffer vengeance by a flood; And fire shall bring her rulers low. Thus one breaks forth to cheer his race, Who oft in fetters had been bound. The other shows the sad disgrace Of tyrants cast upon the ground. Woodhurst. G. Horace Baker and F. Dennis also send correct replice