MENTAL HISTORICAL SCENES. I.
' SHIP is sailing gaily along; on board young lords and ladies wrapped in mantles of various bright colours to 'protect them from the cold, are talking, singing, and laughing. The sailors also make merry.; the wine does its work, and soon there is not a sober man on board. Crash ! A terrific cry .breaks from three hundred hearts. The ship has struck on a rock-is filling-going odbwn. The captain orders a boat to be launched, intowhich the principal lords and ladies get. Land is near, and they will most likely reach it in safety ; but one hears a cry of distress from one he loves; he orders them., to row back; they reach the sinking ship, and such numbers leap in that the boat oversets. All perish but one, and he a poor man. II. LARGE assembly is before us; a man, evidently of rank and power, enters; all rise to do him honour. When he has taken his seat, a petition is offered to him ; they press round him, as if to implore him to grant it. He begins to be displeased at their importunity; then one gives him a wound, and several others bare their weapons. He, though surprised, defends himself bravely, till he sees one whom he had loved and benefited much draw his Ssword; and then, exclaiming, "'And thou too, my son !" he falls, pierced with twenty-three wounds. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. I. N London streets I take my place; On evenings dark when home you race You love to see my cheery face. I. I am something you like to eat, Because my taste is very sweet. 2. Through Italy's warm plains I flow, And quench the thirst of high and low. 3. A warrior fierce and bold am I, Whose dwelling-place is in the sky. 4. In Australian forests shady, You find me decked like any lady. II. F bullfinches so thick and rough, Both man and horse have had enough. I. In crowds you'll always find me Unless you get behind me. 2. Beside a noble river standing We try our best to stop your landing. 3. On my banks a man was born, Whose works his country do adorn. 4. From me a noble house is sprung, Whose deeds are told by every tongue. THEODORA \WALROND. Siringfield House, Taldow, Bucks. (Aged 12.)
A BURIED DINNER. -N the following will be found almost all the requisites for a good dinner- one in each sentence. r. Nelly can come on the coach also ; up on the top it is the best. 2. The book you speak of is hard to learn. 3. Give Meg a melon to eat. 4. Meet me at Euston Station. 5. Do you see the house by the ten trees. 6. Have you read that letter of papa's? Try and write as good a one. 7. Tell Blanche that I go to Harrow in Easter-week. MARY USHER. Bdlle Vue, Trowbridge, Wilts. (Aged 13.) ---o.oo-- DOUBLE ACROSTIC. SMALL fish. - A province of Italy. A tributary of the Thames. A peninsula in Asia. A province of Holland. A town in Italy. A battle fought in the year 1815. A town in Normandy. A well-known place in India. A lake in the north of Russia. An island at the south of England. A river in Egypt. A strong fortress in Spain. A province in Austria. A town in Portugal. A town in Sicily. The initials give the name of a celebrated general, and the finals the greatest battle that he fought. ADELA BRANDT. T/w Laurels, Bickley, Kent. (Aged x2.) LETTER CHARADE. IRST and second's found in blue, Third and fourth is seen in robe, Fifth and sixth you'll find in pew, Whole's a quarter of the globe. !DOUBLE ACROSTIC. N open vessel this will be; And this to run for mastery. I. This by rocks is often seen, A dang'rous thing to ships, I ween. II.. If the Greek letters you look through This one will surely meet your view.
IIl. The sun it shineth six months here, 'Tis night the next part of the year. IV. This is what robbers do, And sometimes other people too. L." M. WYNCH. 5, Everett Terrace, Walton-on-tlte-Naze.
ENIGMA. HE initials of the following form the name of an insect, the finals that of a flower. I. A domestic animal. 2. A grain from which food is made. 3. A country in Asia. 4. A sort of conveyance. 5. A:: animal found in Australia. b. A sorceress. 7. A word that signifies to bind.