MONTHLY COMPETITION-PUZZLES.
7. BEHEADED WonDs.-I am an unfair person. Behead me, and I am warmth. Behead again, I am a command to partake of food. Behead once more, I am a preposition. 8.-I am a map. Behead me and I am an animal often hunted. Behead again, I am practical skill. 9. GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE AcnosTic.-The initials read downwards form a town in France, and the finals a river in the same country:- A naval port in Russia. A town in Portugal. A Swiss canton. A province in South America. A town in the north of England. 10. MENTAL HISTORICAL SCENE.-A Spanish king and queen have just entered a conquered city. To their sur- prise they find that nearly sixteen hundred men and women, professing the Christian faith, are prisoners within its walls. Most of these had been many years in captivity, some in dungeons. A great tent is erected, and the prisoners are marshalled out, wasted by famine, and even with shackles on their legs. When told that they were free, they wept and grew frantic with joy. The chains were knocked off, they were clothed and fed, and then sent on to their respective homes. Name the king, queen, and city. 11. ENIGMA:- My first is in queen, but not in king. My second's in guard, but not in ring. My third is in rain, but not in snow. My fourth is in wind, but not in blow. My fifth is in cruel, but not in kind. My sixth is in peel, but not in rind. My whole is a fruit of very nice size, And he who procures it will find it a prize. 12. NUMERICAL GEOGRAPIIICAL PUZZLE.-The initials read upwards form the name of one of the Windward Isles:-- 565+e o n a a r = a town in Russia. 1151+a o u b = a river north of the United States. 651+ a n e - a northern island. 1501 +o r n = a sound off the China Sea. 52 +a z = an island belonging to Spain. 1111+o e = a country in North America. 151+h o = a range of hills in Scotland. 700+a a = a town in India. 13. EIGHT TowNs ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED:- 1. A conveyance-not high. 2. A horse's pace-to inter. 3. Shining-a preposition. 4. An unmarried woman-a small piece of rock. 5. A water bird-a volume of water. 6. Fuel-store. 7. Scouring-a weight. 8. A personal pronoun-one of the mouse tribe.