MONTHLY COMPETITION-PUZZLES. For list of Prizes and Rules see page 7.
1. MISSING LETTER PUZZLE.-When the missing letters have been supplied, the whole will form a well-known verse from one of Cowper's poems:- AxaxwxnxGxlxixnxcxo.rnxuxhx ; Axaxwxnxhxtxnxwxg ; xexixtxexrxaxtxhxnxexexoxt xfxuxnxnxsxcxaxix. 2. ARITnUORE31.--The initials read downwards will give a flower :- 41+50+b ee f = not stiff. 1,000+1+e p r u = a judge. 100+60- a y = a flower cup. 400+-a f f hi n u = a manacle. 1,000+153+p sty = artlessness. 1,000+1000+552+e a e t y = instantly. 1,000+50+a s = a donation. 3. GEOCnRAPAiICAL PUZZLE.-Two mountain ranges in Europe, rising abruptly. Between them is a narrow gorge, where the waters of a large river in Europe pass along. The grand spot has a name to suit its grimness-" The Iron Gate." Name the river and both ranges of mountains. 4. RIDDLE-MlE-REE. My first is in thumb, but not in hand. My second's in maker, but not in his brand. MIy third is in bonnet, but not in a hat. Mly fourth's in a mousetrap, but not in the cat. Mly fifth is in children, but not in mamma. My sixth is in uncle, but not in papa. My seventh's in lightning, but not in the storm. My eighth is in scholar, but not in his form. My whole's an invention-a very great gain -- That has something to do with the snow and the rain. 5. MENTAL HISTOIUICAL SCENE.-An emperor, who was afterwards honoured by the title of "the Great " and " the Father of his Country," chose a wife from the lower orders of the people from whom he had risen. She proved her- self worthy of the exalted position, always calming his evil passions, and exercising an influence for good. She even accompanied him to battle, crossing a river and marching through deserts, so that she became the idol of the whole army. On this occasion her prudence saved them. At her coronation the Emperor walked on foot before her, and when they arrived at the cathedral, placed the crown on her head with his own hands. She sank at his feet, but lie raised and soothed her. As they returned, the globe and sceptre were carried before the Empress. Name her, her consort, and say in what extremity she de- livered her country. 6. l3BEHEADED \TORDS:- A word I am of letters three, Behead, and you will triple me. Behead again, you make me ten. My whole will then your state express, If soon the word you do not guess. So. 'ermainder of this month's puzzles see page 87.