NUTS TO CRACK. I. ACROSTIC.
The initials of the following words read downwards formn the name of an animal, and the words form the initials of the name. The animal is (1); its skin is (2); it has a large (3); it is a (4) sight to see a number of children seated on it in a (5); they (6) seem so happy; in India it is 'much used by the (7); and it sets us a good example in being (8). W. COOPER. II. SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. The captive exile, pure in heart and life, Surmounts the wiles of foes, and stilleth strife. 1. What troubles now the king? His face is worn; In sleep came this, and vengeance he hath sworn 2. If none the riddle read. The captive seeks The captain, and in words of wisdom speaks: 3. "One is there who unto the kincg makes known The deep and secret things. Him all must own." 4. Him owned the king-a moment-then he raised This on the plain, bidding that it be praised. 5. But once again lie owns the mightier One, Decrees that all thus honour Him alone. 6. Another king arose, whose vain decree To these consigned the exile. Who can free ? He who hath made can stay the beast of prey. Him serve, oh nations, and His word obey. F.M. E. III. SQUARE WORDS. My first's a very useful thing; A surgeon's instrument. MIy second the cries of an animal wild, On seeking prey intent. My third's a spot of fertile ground. My fourth in ocean's waves is found. My fifth and last a county shows In England where the wild hop grows. Drrm. IV. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant the first; the next, a blade That famous have our Knights of Willow made; The third, of useful trinkets worn, the best; The fourth, a way we tread in every quest. The next-the central word-a monument To noble cities have the chief attraction lent. The sixth plays part in Macbeth's witches scene. The next, most ladies' source of care has been. The eighth denotes equality, or same. The last, a consonant; now find this puzzle's name. V. CRYPTOGRAPIH. " Sgqdd rsnqlx mhfgsr zminc rsnqlx ezxr Vd snrrac tonm sgd qzfhmiif lzhm ; Zmc knmf vd rsqnud ntq azqj nu rzud. Ats zkk ntq rsqhiuhmf" vzr lun uzhm."--invd. F. ROGERS. VI. My first is made from my second, and after having been taken away, all that is left is my whole. WILLIAM COOrER.
VII. VIII. ENIGMA. Whenever judgment is allowed due play Between two things to make selection fair, If either in the sentence have a share, My first must follow-so good judges say. My second stands alone, as all may see; It is my very self, my number one, An egoist indeed, second to none, "If I be I, as I suppose I be." My third, a city where the sun-god's priest Yielded his daughter, at proud Pharaoh's will, To one whose history enchains us still,- Charming alike the mightiest and the least. My whole how fair, as loftily he strides Through azure space, led by Almighty hands ! No mortal arm may loose his shining bands, Nor quench the light which earth's pale daylight hides. F. M. E. IX. SIX HIDDEN RIVERS IN ENGLAND. 1. The sweetest flowers ever nestle near the roots. 2. The robbery of that man was a cruel deed. 3. That rent spoilt his coat. 4. When you go to the Zoological Gardens you see different sorts of snakes. 5. Our cat was pretty nearly killed by the bite of a dog. t. That ham, especially the fat, is delicious. W. H. KNIBB.
X. CHARADE. My first, though most important to myself, May be but little in the world's esteem. My next prevails when sordid love of pelf Prompts "the ungenerous wish, the selfish scheme." My third, to merchants who on Syria's coast Were shipwrecked, accident made strangely clear. My whole's obtained from fish (I think the most From sturgeon) and is used for fining beer. T. SHARP. .o-