NUTS TO CRACK.
1. At cockcrow shiv'ring at the area rail, Long ore the rays of winter's morn prevail; Thine early ring the housemaid has alarmed. Art thou a lictor with the fisces armed ? Ah, no, those radiating bones of whale Tell me a black, but not a bloody tale. 2. Now this is what they do with warp and weft, And restless shuttle flying right and left. No process new : well did youn mummy know This useful art three thousand years ago. But long ere this, by inborn instinct taught, Some feather'cl artizaus this process wrought. 3. Thus feels the trader carking after wealth, Thus the tired invalid in pursuit of health; Thus the armed warrior panting for the fray, Thus hounds and huntsmen on a hunting day; Thus felt the gaping crowd to see the Shah, Thus little dears to run and meet papa. 4. But when the cit a sudden fortune makes ; Or invalid the poisonous lotion takes; Or warriors' dreadful mile, carnage fraught; Or panting reynard's hunted down and caught; Or Shah's dethroned for drinking mutton broth ; Or pa comes safe: These each would be my fourth. 5. Come, brother Sawney, let us take our way, And see what we can find on banks of Tay. Ah ! here's the place I want,-an ancient town In Scottish history of great renown. 'Twns once the capital and royal seat Till Edinburgh started in the race, and beat. E. S. G. II. My first is each ship's destination bound for foreign strand-. My next the Sphinx's riddle solves, which laid wasteo Theban lands. My third helps to maintain man's balance when he stands. My whole a useful travelling friend lie carries in his hand,. IlI. ('ROSS PUZZLE. 1. A domestic animal. 2. A parasitic plant. 3. A valuable tree. 4. One who opposed the Pope's authority. 5. A snow slip. G. The people of the East. 7. An exploit. S. An adverb. 9. Marshy land. K. LEGGE. IV. TWELVE BURIIEI) POETS 'UZZLE:. Hail springt ide, hail, thou heaut, ous d i.lenser ()f nature's love gifts to the waiting earth; (',me hither, bring thy ineense-breathing censer, Fair token of thy long expected birth. Smile on the fields in gaysomeness resllendent, And quickly scatter winter's sullen reign. Shin(e on the flow'ruts with white dewdrops pendent, And clothe the carth with joyfulness again.
See on the hills the little lambkin capers, The mansuete herd is grazing on the meads; And now, as upward rise the ev'ning vapours, The careworn peasant to his cottage speeds. I love to take at sunset's blissful hour, By rondel, keep, or ancient abbey's site, A pleasant seat within some leafy bower, And watch until the sun withdraws his light. Then, when his setting rays adorn with glory The earth and all its beauties thy hands bring, I love to think upon the wond'rous story, That there's a land where it is ever spring. G. D. DAY. V.
A quality we should all aim at. 1.-1 12 9 11 5 2.-11 5 3 7 4 3.-8 9 6 2 10 4.-11 3 9 102 5.-41937 6.-1 12 10 7.-11 9 3 6 12 S8 VI. DOUBLE SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. Of sons the last and first; And see, the last is first. One is what we all must do. Two is one my first did woo. Three cast down from being queen. Four of tetrarchy the scene. Five who cannot speak me mean. F. M. E. VII. CHARADE. If not so well as usual, you are said To be below my first ! Hold not thy head, Proud man, too high, altho' thy rank be reckoned As great as is denoted by my second. If by mishap I hurt you, or offend, I'll beg of you my whole, and strive to mend. THOMSON SHARP.