NUTS TO ORACK, I. SQUARE WORDS.
Our Editor asks, Who can Gibson excel At writing his beautiful squares? With a feeling of pride his bo-om must swell Who can surpass such excellent wares. Though many more clever than I may contend For the honour and coveted prize, Dame Fortune for once my muse may befriend And elect me the head of our boys. 1. The first was a skilful and talented bard, Possess'd of true Promethean fire; His writings are held in the highest regard By all who real poetry admire. 2. If stretch'd on the bed of affliction and pain And sleep had deserted her throne, To swallow a second I should be most fain, As its soothing influence is known. 3. A dwelling-place this of peculiar kind, The home of sonic chief and his squaw, With scalps and other dread war-trophies lin'd, And his totem the forest bear's claw. 4. The son of a brave and wild Indian tribe, Whose home is the vast prairie ground, One who scorns to be bought with a paltry briLe, And has oft noble-minded been found. 5. The fifth as it stands is no word, as you'll see, But just give the letters a shake, And show up at once what an oven must be Before the good housewife can bake. G. 'Tis said for all ills a sixth can be found If you only but knew where to look; As my ill now is hunger, I bow to all round, For Im off to make friends with the cook. Anv'irnl TEESvTO. II. SQUARE WORDS. 1. My first, when touched by skilful hands, may well delight the car. 2. My next within a pleasant book most often doth appear. 3. If this should happen to an egg, there'll be no chick, I fear. 4. My fourth's rough usage of my first, makes ma feel very queer. 5. A simple little flower that blooms, in fields both far and near. III. A MOUNTAIN CFIAIN. 1. I'll name to you my partners two, Their names are " Con," and " Dis ;" With one, delightful is my cue, With t'other, all's amiss. 2. How pale you look, put out your tongue, Your pulse is weak and low; Perhaps you've got bunions on the lung, Or phthysis on the toe. 3. The periods from which dates we count; Epochs of history. Ye youths who drink at learniag's fount, Quick solve this mystery. E. S. Gmisoy.
IV. MYTHOLOGICAL PUZZLE. S V. MIy whole's a miserable man, In that we all agree ; Behead, then on the Continent A river you may see; And now, if you transpose the same, A Scripture mountain it will name. W. H. EDDY. VI. MISTAKES. S BL B. B. PICKFOnD. VII. CHARADE. My first is a word to rhyme with borne. Is it "stripped of wool?" No, it isn't shorn. Ahi! no, Mr. Farmer, you're much worse off, For while you were ill with that rending cough, A troop of wolves (you will make them rue it) On your fatlings fell, and I saw them do it. Strewed over your fields at this moment lie Remains of that horrid butchery. My next, in conjunction with much, implies Commotion and fussy activities. When my whole waxes fierce by night or day, May I be a thousand miles away ! THomsoN SHARP. VIII. CHARADE. (1) Part of the body to rhyme with nip. You would err in supposing I meant the lip. (2) A river in Italy, it flows From west to east, as my atlas shows. (3) There was death in my (3) in days of old, As in Second of Kings we are plainly told. (4) Part of the substantive verb to be. (5) A pronoun, 'tis neither you nor we. (1-5) A mammal allied to the elephant. Small Are its eyes and ears, while the body withal
Is heavy and thick, with a head thick and square, A very large muzzle, and skin without hair, Except at the end of the tail, which is short. To the water the creature delights to resort, But feeds upon herbage on land. Now see If you can declare its name to me. Tuo~isoN SHARP. IX. CHARADE. My first is an adverb of distance or space, My next is a musket, a mask, or a mace. My whole is a coin of which copper's the base. TaoMrsoN SHARP.