1UTS TO @RACK. 1. DIAMOND PUZZLE.
My first letter is phonetically expressed, my last is a very curly one. Place the words one under another in the form of a diamond. The centrals, across and downwards, will give you what we hope all our readers will participate in at this period of the year. II. CHARADE. (a) My first beneath its own weight bends; Supported on its stouter friends; If of my next the length you'd make, Three equal measurements you take; My whole, where Rhine descending moves, The yellow southern sunlight loves. (b) My first beneath the midnight skies On flying broom was wont to rise ; My second o'er the ocean tides Ever with wing-like motion rides; My whole, with customs wild and vicious, Frightened the weak and superstitious. Cotus. III. Four figures discover, in value to be Something less than eight thousand nine hundred and three, Which when they are halved, you will see very plain, The result will be nothing-the puzzle explain. ERNEST OAKLEY (Wycombe). IV. DIAMOND ACROSTIC. 1. A consonant. 2. A requisite of authors. 3. The desire of half mankind. 4. Notorious on the African coast. 5. The answer. 6. A noise of mourning. 7. The track of tourists. 8. A Prussian river. 9. A vowel. Centrals, read downwards, give that which all our readers are looking forward to.
V. SQUARED WORDS. 1. A man of war renowned in David's day. 2. He surely was my second, you will say. 3. The wealthy churl whom David tried to slay. 4. Instead of being struck, to dodge away. 5. I've let my house a second time ! Hooray ! 1. He was one of the twelve who the promisedland spied. 2. A river that Naaman referred to with pride. 3. Near gentlefolks' mansions--so smooth and so wide. 4. To escape this, the indolent vainly have tried. 5. How, if this be unsound, can the building abide ? E. S. GIBSON. VI. ACROSTIC. A wealthy harvest brings my first, My second never has an end. My third a land of heat and thirst. My fourth to charge the foe they send. My fifth the name we love so well My sixth we shout as we proceed. My seventh, when good, we haste to tell. My eighth wrought many a doughty deed. My ninth a hunting monarch slew. Then for my tenth his murderer fled. Boys my eleventh think too few. Surprised how fast my twelfth have sped. The initials, read downwards, give part of the song of the Christmas angels. ETHEL R. HOW TO FIND A PERSON'S NAME. L ET the person whose name you wish to A B D H P know, tell you in which of these up- C C E I R right columns the first letter of his name E F F J S is found. If it be found in but one column, G G G K S it is the top letter; if it occurs in more I J L L T than one column, it is found by adding the K K M N V alphabetical numbers of the top letters of M N N N V these columns, and the sum will be the 0 0 0 O W letter sought. By taking one letter at a Q R T X X time in this way, the whole name can be S S V S Y ascertained. For example, take the word U V N Y Z Jane. J is found in two columns comment- W W W ing with B and H, which are the second Y Z and eighth letters down the alphabet; their sum is ten, and the tenth letter down the alphabet is J, the letter sought. The next letter, A, appears in but one column, where it stands at the top. N is seen m the columns headed B, D, and H ; these are the second, fourth, and eighth letters of the alphabet, which, added, gives the fourteenth, or N, and so on. The use of this table will excite no little curiosity among those unacquainted with the foregoing explanation. SCIENTIFIC AMUSEMENTS. VISIBLE AND INVISIBLE. RITE with a piece of French chalk on a looking. glass, wipe it with a handkerchief, breathe on it, and the writing will re-appear. Write, with common ink, questions on a sheet of paper, add answers, written in nitro-muriatic of gold. When dry, the answers will be invisible. Place the paper near the fire and they will appear. How TO MAKE ARTIFICIAL ICE. Dissolve two ounces of ammonia and two ounces of washing soda in two ounces of water in a tin vessel. The mixture will shortly produce ice. fMAGIc SHRUB. Put a piece of rosemary or any garden herb in a glass jar, so that when it is inverted the stem may be downward and supported by the sides of the vessel. Then put some benzoin acid upon a piece of hot iron (hot enough for the acid to be sublimed), and it will rise in the form of a thick vapour. In- vert the jar over the iron, and leave it till the sprig is covered over with the sublimed acid in the form of hoar-frost. PRACTICAL PUZZLE. Place nineteen halfpence on a table in such a way as to make nine rows of five in each.