NUTS TO CRACK. I. BURIED TOWNS OF GREAT BRITAIN AND IRELAND.
1. The deed was done gallantly. 2. The keen air never agrees with her. 3. I will leave it here for Dora when she comes back. 4. We pass often by that house. 5. Find out Mount Hecla, Reginald, on the map. 6. This pretty reticule I trimmed myself. 7. We will feed the swans early to-morrow morning. 8. Do you like this set of china as well as that. 9. We arrived at the hotel yesterday. 10. and 11. The castle I think was built a hundred years ago; it does not seem older. 12. It was on that part of the cliff, or farther down, perhaps. 13. He bade all at home good-bye. 14. We came from Eton yesterday. M. K. H. WOOD. II. SQUARE WORDS. 1. An English poet, gentle, pure, As poet ought to be. 2. A little bird of thrush contour, And golden toggery. 3. Thy name, oh Bill, you'll here abjure; There's one "i" short, you see. 4. A style that suits both rich and poor; With this you'll all agree. 5. We all feel thus when victory's sure,- Exultant-full of glee. 6. Toothache is dreadful to endure; Now this word tells a perfect cure: Don't lose this recipe. E. S. GIBSON. III. QUOTATION CHARADE. MY FIRST. "Friend after friend departs; Who hath not lost a friend ? There is no union here of hearts, That finds not here an end. Were this frail world our only rest, Living or dying none were blest." 3IY SECOND. "Sir Ralph the Rover tore his hair, And beat his breast in'dlis despair. The waves rush in on every side, And the ship sinks down beneath the tide." MY \WIIOLE. " Society, friendship and love, Divinely bestowed upon man,- 0 had I the wings of a dove, I-low soon would I taste you again ! My sorrows I then might assuage In the ways of religion and truth, Might learn from the wisdom of age, And be cheered by the sallies of youth." S. CLEws.
IV. ARITHMOREM. BOYS' NAMES. 601 and rahr 1050 and aseu 50 ,, harp 100 ,, ryep 251 ,, e 500 ,, wanre 150 ,, warene 50 ,, atreb 150 ,, serah 51 ,, sew 101 ,, asa 52 ,, php H. C. DANN. V. The centre represents a poem; the initials of the surrounding objects, its author. VI. TRANSPOSITION. "Etem cmlowee ot ehr egtsu seh aedm, Nda eyvre rutsoecuo tire aws dapi Atht paltoysihit udole ilcma, Guhtoh lal sudeank ihs tbrih nad aenm. Cush nhet heot eecerrenv ot a sgteu, Htat Iftesel ofe hmitg noji eht aftse, Dan mrof sih edtiolsde mfsonae odor, Nsuqteiduone rtnu, eht benaqtu roe." SCOTT. VII. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My initials read downwards will give the name of a well known Englishman; the finals, read in the same way, will give the place where he was born. One of the winged host above, Whose mission and whose work is love. A son of Jacob set apart By God to act an holy part. A land-locked bay oft named with awe When talking of our last great war. A native of an ancient city Now almost empty, more's the pity. So brightly shining o'er our heads, When we perchance are in our beds. The fields a goodly bounty give, And thus the hungry catt!e live.
A sheet of water bright and clear, But in another hemisphere. A Roman vile, whose hated name Will ne'er be crowned with righteous fame. A name of title, which perhaps May grace my whole as years elapse. ARTHUR MADDOcK. VIIT. SQUARE WORDS. The first's a portal; number two Breadth multiplied by length denotes; The third's a rent, now there's a clue; The fourth are parts of corn and oats. B. BuRRows. IX. My first proclaims a lady's mate ; My second is a half-shut gate Without the gate; my third's a name For girl, I fear it's rather tame; My fourth in prose is never found; For poets' use it's always sound. B. BaRRows.