ir friend J. G. LUMISDEN today takes the lead RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. SET AM. No. 1, As heladdie played a pobe part, sir; aI ,donot fnatter iM ipe:ron; est ,ou introduce soTo1e irndo.aint ti.hea4, sir, Thatheats behild the medals on :his breast. Sfirst, with all its unvr al "terrors, drought not a papgi O p2As n ru orpranas le reblank to one whogoed to obey. Ills brother was a second in the navy, A gsl16s workler in his country's cause lI sfailed far, far away, where many a slave he Freed from the bu'den of inhuman laws. foot.pits and obstacles were placed.before him, Blocliing the pathway.of his lepgthy road. But all were cheated* no thiId conquered o'er him, lut Death, who le .him'o his lastabode. ,ad this yonng ne}'p,. t p ,gallant horseman, ,Ras trave'Iled urth away fifsforeign lands, And those medallions which he wears, of course, man, Were won through duty to his king's commands. J. G. Lunrs~N. ACROSTICAL X .'UZZLE. ,q. 2. To differ from the laws of State You'll say my .list doth mean A kind of farmer now relate, And second will be seen. In business let us this not be, But do it right and' ell; A foreign country next you'll see- But more' must fiot tell. If you hav, next my, site ut down, Sixth is ficoIu ni dpt;9 This we must have to gain renown; Next take one.fourth of paid. This intimates triumph or spite; An Irish town is next; And when you've got it down aright, An English town annex. These mountains are in Asia found; My next a bird you'll spy; And next doth mean, I will be bound, Looking at things gone by. I hope my puzzle will not find Last from my riddling friends. Centrals a writer bring to mind, And here my riddle ends. CONSTANT P. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Founmation Words. MIy primals a beas will exhibit, And one that is enltle and true Though never consigned to'the gibbot, 'Tis slaughtered for me or for you. Transpose it, and then 'twill declare The finals, which oft in the air Produces a scent which we happily greet As being the best in the shady retreat. Cross Words. A literary man you'll here behold, Made famous by his essays, I am told, 'Twas here the gallant British fought and bled, But let the field triumphant, I am told. And \when the sad disturbance had abated, PFll many a man with this wis'decorated. The name of.a plant will be readily seen, Though used very often to keep the place clean. S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. CENTRAL DELETION. Io. 4. How excited and happy Is young Tinuny:-r'ay As he bounds ii the room At the close of the dAy I His mamnmananu ad i'st's As he joyfully eboil S, ". -'arakl Iv~e won'the pr ize l" And to add to their wonder Andl pleasure also, A most beautifw l whole ie' proceeds then nt show And whilst'liltenug to all Their delig ituil amaze, How happy rie feels.' To No..... .. " ' To have eae so muh paise no sBut at t las ll$ wholo tad beehusuly: o dia They all'to the iii .'rom ATlhen a h iy;t orst do wn to You ll see clear as:day, Take tl l; ' y glade, 181tno mor my voioi nhl htear r T the oevning shde , ppoia'd . .. DoLY, l oeptord', 1~ ~ ~ ~~~; ar: and nerm /c slea
CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 6. On a dewy imorning early, You the p,,imrose fair may see, With afi6 eobrigltdt,40. aly On its head eel jaPqT ily. Think you ',twas a little fairy Placed the first'upon its brow, Then fldw'off to bastl's airy, Leaving us to wonder how P Certain 'tis it bloometh gladly Through the day till shadows fall, Then its head will second sadly, Waiting for the fairy's call. And 'tis so with all the flowers, Not alone the primrose gay, Drooping through the niidnight hours, Waking with the dawn of day. J. M ss, Dalton-iu.Fumness.
PROVER] REBUS, No. 7. N~ 1/'s J. STOKOE LOGOGRIPRH. No. 8.
Now, riddlers all, I'm sure you've seen This first in grey or black; Each little boy who goes to school Takes it upon his back. But change its head, and you'll perceive A beast of frisky mood,, Which climbs steep rocks and mountains high In search of its scant food. A useful thing you will behold, If you change head once more; You'll seo it by the river's banks, Or by the sandy shore. Now take this word as first it stood, Its letters then transpose, A Roman orator renowned You'll find it will disclose. DnTGN.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 9. IWT 3 E W.TISDALE
NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 10. When my whole is found, a country Will appear before the eyes Of the persevering reader Who to guess this riddle tries.I Whole egntais a ,dozen letters 1 For your guidance I will say 1, 4, 10 mentions somehinga What I hope, my~aorthy riddlers, Is possessed;by:all'of yo:. 8, 4, 5 will kanje ,apastipe Whichlb some folks is enjoyed; In 12, 8, 6, 7,,friends, .Tisa hollo tliat'ls deployed. My 6,5,11, 9,10 Near the sea is always found; 1, 8, 9, 4, 12, my readers, Will a quadruped expound. E. BAXTER, PALINEDROME. . 'N o; 11; A'dwarf wnrei 'tis very clear, oi', if l 'oblike; 'inea i'lre; l"ui' ci s'kt'yound, saie will be found, :'.'0R. Gonnrualp F - ''"
CHARADE. gq12. As I through gyoa r f erjiy .090 ay 4 }4 e ltp go, nSt~nt, lo lyto a.in fro. His name and wrtings arc hel4 dear, And ne c will be frglot. ' 'Tis grand indeed ii summa'time, Whet lossome ii aclltree, To'stroli a1n' a boodlad :lust, Unite my first, second, and third, And then youvill esipy Part of my second's niative land. Riddler, to thee good-bye. John FImNnRuTr. ONO01'J ON . No. 1v. SS o'0 of us o'lih'e sebaide go.; And while we're theiro of course we see The flist ,fff on i sport inglee. S9oy second, f yoi'l be so good As to Put cown' d 'd of ood, Yod'll have ;beforo ~ what will make A mono6plioie--thore's no mistake. ALrEX. S., Glasgow. SQUARE WORDS. My first it is a kind of mug; 'Tisofte in the kitchen sooeen. My second is a female name- SprIet one 'tis thought, I woon. My ltst,' tis clear aln animal is; You'll sde 'tis of the horned luld. Now, riddl'ers, if you use your }wits, The answer I'eo no dlouibt you'll 1A.d. CENTRAL DELETION, No. 15. First find, please, At your ease, Something used to sever. But I start I Where's its heart P Gone I How really clever I GEonaE G. CHARADE. No. 16. My first means hurt, you understand; A preposition second; I and you come next in hand; A thousand last I've reckoned. An instrunment my whole will be That's used for music. Don't you see P W.M i., Navigation. METAGRAM. No. 17. A hollow place in this you see; Change head, and 'twill be found An animal it then will be That burrows in the ground. STDNEY CALVERT. DECAPITATION. No. 18. Behead a lump of wood, And then pray try to find What fastens iiv the doors, For that is loft behind. LADY JANE GREY, Monmouth, LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. A measure for my first indite, And thea out off its tail, What's very cold you next must write The answer to reveal. J. JoRDAN, Wicklow. IIETAGRAM, No. 20. Young Folks, it is not first to next, so never do it, pray; For first, not third, should ever among manlind hold its sway. It is a grievous fourth to see two silly fifths engage In brawling first, and a disgrace to this enlightened age. I should have'thought that educittion's sixth would o'er the mind Have caused a better influence, more peaceful, more refined. BIINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL.