Our friend J. IMYvEs to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 1. How pleasant in Young Folks to see my first, No matter where they be, abroad, at home 1 For slovens are of bores the very worst; So, friends, be neat and tidy whenyon roam. My next, young friends, perhaps you've seen, If not, of it you've surely heard. Yet, if you to the " Zoo" have been, You've surely seen this noble bird. This names a kind of fish; Its name you p'r'aps can tell. 'Tis quite a pleasant dish When caught and cookld well. This is not you, Nor is it me, Yet I, 'tis true, You plainly see. A river this will show; You'll find it quickly, too, When told its waters flow An eastern county through. Oft in,my next have men appeared, To fight and bleed for sordid gold, Whilst fools around have laughed and cheered; But, happily, in days of old. Now, if you're last, I'm sure you're far from mean, For people last are generous and free- Yea, noble with a conscience pure and clean, A noble soul replete with charity. What forms the X a hint I will impart: One angle's but a fraction ; bear in mind The next's pertaining to the healing art, Which, I've no doubt, you will as quickly find. Auother hint I'll give: the one transpose, When done aright the other 'twill disclose. J. lMYlRS, Dalton-inFurness. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. The centrals down if you read aright, A riddle then it will bring to sight; If you read across, one more you'll scent. They both appear in our "Tournament." In first a consonant is seen; A relative is next, I ween ; My third is sweet; in fourth you'll see Red, white, and blue flag of the free; Fifth is a puzzle, as you'll find; Closely my next will bring.to mind; My seventh a dwelling.place will be; An insect small in next you'll see; A vowel last will come to sight; I hope, my friends, you'll find the right. W. H. MARcoan, Navigation. ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Word. Where the leafy, dusky woodlands Cast their shadows dim around, On their mosses' em'rald carpet May thy golden stars be found. 'ross Words. Velvet blossoms, softly tinted With the richest purple hue, Blooming brightly in the garden 'Neath a sky of radiant blue. Clothed in robe of vivid crimson, Glowing in the summer's bo:v'rs, All admire thee who behold thee, Regal blossom, queen of fiow'rs. Though the winter's winds blow chilly, And fast falls the biting snow, Still thy leaves so green and glossy Glad our eyes where'er we go. Whisp'ring tales of merry Christmas To us with thy berries white- Tales of happy festive gath'rings And of faces glad and bright. Guardians of the snowy lilies, standing clad in brilliant green, Where the river's dancing ripples Sparkle in the sunlight's sheen. - Yellow tassels lightly waving 'Mid the meadow's dewy grass; How the laughing, plyayful cliil 'ren Love to pluck thee as they pil~ I O'er the dark earth whitely gleaming Very fair thou art to see, With thy tender, drooping blossomus Ft ll of sweet simplicity. Clinging fondly round to he hlgerows, Soentingfragrantly the breezo, Charming with a wealth of honey Busy swarms of golden been. SQUARE WORDS. No. 4. At first, aplaoee near the Red Sea, liy second may be seen; The Arabs use it as their food; A fruit it is, I ween. My third's a burning mount~n, and In Italy 'tis found; And if you go too fourth to it, You'll tremble, I'll be boned. WILL. i.JIiiEy, flootle. METAGRAM. No. 5. A numeral, if you change head, A boy's name you will have instead Chaiige head again, and tlen, I l]iow, A rivdr to ybit it ill shot~ ALBEIIT B. U.
TRANSPOSITION. No. 6. Kind friends, I've come to you to-day To see if I can please, So do not throw my con. away And say I'm but a tease. My tirst is heard on every day In many a London street; You. say, " Bad man, now go away; Your music is not sweet." Yet still you hear that horrid sound, Which makes you feel quite vexed; It seems as if your head went round, And then you do my next. Now, when my tirat is brought to light, If you will please transpose, Be careful now to do it right, And second's 'neath your nose. KARON.
REBUS. No. 7. II R. 11. CTrAPMAN.
EN RIA. No. 8. Five brothers are we; Though ,Ly, we're not free; W.2're always at work, And from it noe'er shirk. My first seek in ace; My second in place; My third will be found In wind, I'll be bound; My next in a stone Will be seen all alone. If you should endeavour My fifth to pursue, I'm sure it can never Be parted from you. DOLLY, Deptford, DECAPITATION. No. 9. Come, riddlers, if you take for whole Another word for cold, On beheading it a rising ground You quickly will behold; Behead once more, a word for bad 'Twill unto you unfold. J. TEOWSDALE. PROVERB REBUS, No. 10
DLI W. C. FREEMAN.
OMEGRAM. No. 11. The first sat there in her stately chair, Attendauts were standing near; They looked with fright as she turned so white, She gasped that she felt so -. C. N. GorINGE,. REVERSION. No. 12. This useful thing in every.house We're always sure to find, It shields us from the driving rain And from the piercing wind. Though great its use, its size is small- Not more than seven feet; Yet turn it round, and it will make Full forty poles complete. DINGEo CURTAILMENT. No. 13. A piece of wood if you'll please curtail, A kind of pig you'll have without fail; Curtail again ('twill do you no harm), You'll then see a snake which Indians charm. R. WATr, Broughty Ferry.
ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation IYords. Primals, if read aright by you, Will bring a famous tale to view, Gross Words. For first a boy's name please put down My next will name an English town; For third an animal you'll see; And next is part of you and me. For fifth a girl's name bring to mind ; This is a word that means to bind; Once more part of yourself is seen; Eighth is an animal, I ween. Again part of our human frame; And tenth an English town will name i Next will a near relation show; This is a boy's name we all know. Thirteenth will name an English king; Next to sight a flower will bring; For this, my friends, put down a sea; Sixteenth will name an English tree. For last a colour comes to view. Now, friends, I'll wish you all adieu. ALnERT E. U. LOGOGRIPH. No. 15. In total your vision will here quickly meet What means to mount up by your hands and your feet; Boys often do it whe the're after the fruit In an old farmer's orchard which their palate does suit, If you'll but change the tail of this action, you'll see A word meaning climate-with this you'll agree; Now please cut the head off t then will be shown That this tree we all know ta far land is grown. It you'll change the last letter it will then surely name A part that's belonging to every one's frame, J. W. CunawxcK. DECAPITATION. No. 16. What we often have for dinne. My whole will surely be; Behead, and what we do with it You then will surely see. GOVINDA, Wimbledon, MONOPHONE. No. 17. Atan auction my first will be; Part of a ship in next you'll see. Though different these words are found, Yet still they are alike in sound. S. RoBINsoN. METAGRAM, No. 18. My whole will be the dawn of day Change head, and lost it will display; If you the head will change again, You'll see a certain useful grain; If changed once more, it will produce An instrument that hunters use; Change head again, if you take care, You'll find part of the verb "to wear." W. PFEIFFER, PUZZLE STANZA. No. 19. Eht msrot mace no ferobe sti melt, Ehs nadwerde pu nda woend, Dan yamn a ihll ddi culy lcbim, Utb rvnee dacheer eht notw. BODY.SArTCHERa