friend J. c, TuUsDEN to-day takes the lead I RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1.
Iriso with the bird as it enters the air, -nd faIt tte earth when 'tis travelling tfhee, nl i .t. d epeeasaut while tilling the l"nd, And foet with the zephyr o'er deserts of sand. jlied before Adam to Eden was sent, Ol e'ea in the voice of his Maker was blent, And lioving through ether unclouded and clear, el at his feet and delighted his ear. Wheno dwelling on land, as you'll doubtless agree, I likewise abide in the depths of the sea. All lands and all nations my presence must own, Though, strangely, to matter entirely unknown. Go, rove on the ice.covered hills of the north, Where snow find, a bed and where vapour goes forth, Desire with your tongue that to you I be led, nd I will approach ere the words you have said. Or go to the south, to the east, to the west, Aud I will approach at your hmuble behest; To make you rejoice you crossed over the foam, Or make such a noise that I frighten you home. If such were the case, you were spiteful indeed, Irrespective the land of your birth or your creed, for sure as you passed on your way through the street, You'd wittingly trampjle me under your feet. Though thus you would conquer, this verdict I give: Though trodden to earth I would not cease to live; All mandates of Death and of Fate I defy, lImmortal and quite universal am I, J, G. LumsDEN, DIAMOND PUZZLE, No. 2. Ily fist's in the cupboard; my next's in the sky; My third's a creature that can both swim and fly; 'ly fourth's a conjunction ; my fifths in the house, SAnd slumber without it might harbour a mouse. In this little diamond will also be seen The name of a place where sailors have been; And centre read downwards a poet will name Who followed the plough, yet wooed and won fame. To the right of the centre what folks oftdin do When sleepy and tired is brought to the view; And this, if read upward, will also show plain Swell.lknown title most common in Spain. W. MIRn. DOUBLE ACR OSTIC. No. 3,. Foundation Words. Ithink that in primals you'll soon recognize A hero of great Budget fame; The finals another great hero do show-- Now, please, will you tell me his name ? Cross Words. Dear riddling friends, I hope and trust That none of you are this; A pretty femrnae Christian name Is what this means, I wis; A very noted man was third, Well earned was his renown; A word that means great fear for fourth You'd surely best put down; Fifth in the well.known Young Folk's B. Was K:airon's friend, I've heard; Now, as for last, I think you'll see I'm right in calling bird. M. DoNNEm , Manchester. CHARADE. No. 14. Dear riddlers, all who read this B. Must own that it is grand; And far above all weekly books This Budget takes its stand. Said Freddie, " Oh, my first's so bad i" As to me I him beckoned. "I'd rather be without n first Thanu have my fisit to second." I said, "You should riore patient be, And should hot grumble so." Said he, " If you'd got whole like me, You'd grumble more, I know." Now, readers, as this con. I've done, I'll wish you all adieu, And if dear Ed,' aecgpts of it, I'll send some more to you. , THREE LITTLE KITTENS, HIDDEN RI3VERS. No. 5. e winter is over, the spring has come, The linnet is leaving his leafy home, Aheiwors peep forth from their snug retreat, S ith instrols you see in the village street. he sun shines forth with a marvellous light, '1 hrfalrays scorn to dazzle oursight; -: v- :.rceup raises his yellow head, · oe violets and daisies forsake their bed. ; sWe in the sprin' .time of life would cheer Oir friouds ia their autumn so dark and drear,l t our hearts as light as the heavens above, To our brothers send forth a message of love. MnADa ROBERTS, CENTRAT, DELETION. No. G.,N rfa downU 'licathll thie deedop blue sea, - n rlI e.gi.stonin . waves, hen th sombre shades of dcehn caves, ' here,oh, there ill sia~over bve. a)e.wp wn, where the sunbeam' light I its beauty shines, S'fs hOdushy depths of the'dark, dark mines Ir. sud ' black as night, , , Bnowam.Eiuu,
DECAPITATION, No. 7. A luscious kind of fruit My whole will constitute ; Bohead me now, I pray; When I'm of head bereft, The part of men that's left An organ is, you'll say. ROBERT WATT, Broughty Ferry. METAGRAM. No. 8. This word, dear riddler, means a joke; But change its head, and, I'll be bound, If it is done without mistake, What moans to try there will be found. Repeat the alteration, then A trouble's here, without a doubt; But change once more, and what is left I'm sure we could ,notlive without. J. TnoWSDAoLE,
REBUS, No. 9. C. JONES, Wicldow.
MONOPHIONE. INo. 10. FIRST. When out in the woods you often have seen This animal fleet, I'll be bound, And in the sweet.smelling pastures so green It makes its home under the ground. It is very timid, in size it is small; I'm right when I say it is known to us all, INTERLUDE. Two words are here, and they are easy seeming, Pronounced the same, but yet of different meaning ; Spelled different, too, So surely you Can find them if you are awake, not dreaming. SECOND. This is as white as the pure driven snow, Of a dark raven hue, as yellgw as gold, As brown as a berry; it's name you will know When I say it is worn both by young and old. I am long, I am short, I wave in the wind ; Of some I'm the pride, of others the bane. I have now done my best to make myself plain, And hope that the answer to this you will find. J. W. Ci.ADnuCBr,
REBUS No. 11. W. TIronEruY, Nornanton.
OMEGRAMI No. 12. A luscious fruit now bring to mind; Change tail, and then you'll quickly find The plural I shall be Of a vegetable; it is quite plain That if you will but change again, What bells do I shall be. A, I. P]Lnaun, Primrose Hill, LOGOGRIPH. No. 13. A river that in Ireland flows, If you behead and curtail, Transpose what remains, and it will show An instrument without fail. S. ROBINSON, CHARADE. No. 14. My' first it stood in the merry green wood, When second came walking by, Who'r climbed life's pole, became mywhole- All honour to those who'try. RIDDLonn ING.
HIDDEN RIVERS (FORMING ALSO AN ACROSTIC). No. 15. The rays of the radiant sun were a.shining O'er mountain and meadow, o'er mansion and cot, As Jonathan Jiggins was idly reclining Beneath a fine first in a peaceable spot. Our hero unerudite, roused from his musing 1 By sounds of my second, spranin quickly to knee, With dire apprehenusion his leat tees diffusing; I cannot deny that bewildered was he. With haste to his feet did the scared yokel scramble, And third through the thicket and coppice did speed; And many a scratch from the brier and the bramble Remained, yes, remained to make Johnuie's legs bleed. For he was afraid of the fourth ('twas the token Of primal's approach all my 'cute readers know), And therefore he fled, with a footpace unbroken, As I, gentle friend, have attempted to show. He reached his small cottage, his much.desired haven, Located-well, really, it matters not where; And here we will leave him for ever a craven, For I must conclude this fifth riddling affair. E, BAXTER. ENIGMA, No. 16. I am found at every ball, I follow the ladies i I am possessed by one and all, Whate'er their grade is. They in me take great delight, Though, say it I must, When they dance all the night I trail in the dust. But now I am going O'er hill and through dale; Be it raining or snowing, My task can ne'er fail. J. W. CIIADWICK, PALINDROME. No. 17. Come round about me, friends, I will not keep you long, And I'll my riddle tell To all the riddling throng. A prettylittle name, If you will please turn round, That it will read the same Will very soon be found. I won't say any more, But bid you all good-bye, Yet hoping as I write That you'll my riddle try. R. WATT, Broughty Ferry. METAGRAM. No. 18. A colour surely first will be; But if you will change head, A boy's name, short of Edward, I think you'll find instead. Now if you will oblige me, And change the head once more, A kind of couch or resting-place You'll find, I am quite sure. DoLLY, Deptford. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Cashel, cash. 8.-Hope springs eternal in 2.-Part, trap. the human breast. 3.-Road, toad, load, woad. 9.-Charles Dickens. Thus: 4.- IR ChilD, HI(p),AC(t), RinK, L A C LakE, EdeN, ShipS. B A '1' 0 N 10.-Lottie W., Brighton, P AT T E N S 11.-Read, read. S C O N E 12.-Moore, more. B 0 G 13.-Sleet, steel. N 14.-Can.did-ate. 5.-James Henderson, 15.-Strain, train, rain, ain, 6.-Fun-era-.. in. ?.-Gabble, gable, gale, ale, 16.-Water. lea. 17.- Gentle spring has come at last, Stern old winter's gone and past ; Light and glad seems everything- Welcome-welcome, happy spring