Our friend LIOT W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE AOROSTIO No. 1. Gross Words.
The soldier is leaving his village so dear, And gives to sweet Nellie one long, parting kiss ; He has gone down the hill, and with many a tear bhe sees him depart, as he waves to her this. In the far-oft West Indies this Island doth lie, With tropical heat and great forests so dense: But 'tis vanished away-and Jlo swift to your eye Come the regions of ice, and of cold most intense. See those bright happy children who play 'neath my fourth, How they toss up the hay, and shout loud in their glee ! I am sure you would think that a great deal 'twas worth One moment to stop, their gay pleasure to see. Soft and this on mine ear comes the hum of the bees. While I roam in the meadows this bright summer day, And gently sweet zephyr doth rustle the trees, And cools the hot air from the sun'sburning ray. Yonder fool, watch how idly and slow he doth walk, He is tired of this, and o'er that he doth sigh; All things are " a bore," he's too lazy to talk, And vows that of this he most surely will die. Behold the base doubter who will not believe That above us there reigns a Creator most wise, Who refuses the creed of our Church to receive, And all true religion doth mock and despise. Look. yonder enjoying herself in the pond. With six fluffy children she's teaching to dive; Was ever a mother so proud and so fond, As they dabble around and to copy her strive. Now take up your atlas, and Oxfordshire scan, When I'm sure that this place very quickly you'll see ; Next look out for Russia and straightway you can Find the scene of some victories great this will be. I hope to a secret, if one you e'er know, You always most stedfastly try this to do, Or trouble, perhaps. if you do not do so, 'Twill cause, which you'll afterwards bitterly rue. To Canada now will you kindly pay heed, For to to:e ' great Lakes" you'll find thisdoth belong; Of this wise old Greek we've been told by C. Read In his tales of those heroes, with last'stout and strong. Foundation Words. Oh, deem not presumptuous my efforts to praise,' Though feeble they be. this most well-beloved name (Most worthy. I know. of far loftier lays), The name of him whom you see that my primals pro- claim. Of his works so enjoyed both In castle and cot, Is one which you'll find that my finals now show, O'er which I've spent happy hours (never forgot) In reading those pages that all of us know. LOTT Y W., Brighton. ENIGMA. No. 2. Qunaint and amusing in their every use, Yet of religion sometimes an abuse; - ... 'Fraught:with grieft.solemnity, an.d.dgh , Of those departelfhghtly speak, 'tie s ith. G. GRAN'r, Bayswator. NUMERICAL CHARADFS. No. 3.-I am composed of thirteen letters. My 1, 2, 12, 3 is the soft hair of a sheep; my 3, 2, 4. 5 is affection; my 7, 8, 9, 10, 5, 6 is a large basket: my 11, 12, 13 is a heavy weight; and my whole is a very large town.-JACK o' LANTERN. No. 4.-I am composed of six letters My 1, 3, 4, 5, 6 is what we use every day; my 3. 4, 6 is a bird : my 1, 3, 5 is a part of the human body ; my 6, 3, 4 means not high; my 1, .2 is a number; and my whole is an article used by builders. C. A. W., Eldridge. METAGRAMS. No. 5. First enter politely a large public room; Change head, but beware lest it prove a sad doom Change again for an aristocratic display ; Once more for a summons to fetch you away; This also remove, and adjust in its stead Another, then naming what's placed o'er the dead; Dscrrd this as well for a new substitute, 'Ihen perhaps may hang pendent some ripe, luscious fruit ; But if you're too short and so cannot reach to it, Only tack on a head that may help you to do it J. L., Lambeth. No. 6.- A kind of circle if you change head, What means to leap you'll have instead; Change head again, you'll have a noise; And if once more, dear girls and boys, You will but use your brains and hands, A fortification before you stands: Change head once more, a weight I'll be; Again, and the reverse of lost you'll see; And now once more, and if you mind, A hunting dog you're sure to find; Again, and last, just change once more You'll find a kind of hurt or sore. BLACK KNIGHT. CHARADES. No. 7. Two boys-let's call them Tom and Fred- Were roaming through the streets, When, stopping at a shop, Tom said, "Just look, what jolly sweets I Let's buy some, I have got a first. How much have you got. Fred ?" "Why. next than you; to tell the worst, I'm whole," poor Freddy said. 'IM. No. 8. My first means to gallop ; My second's to put underground ; And my whole will name a city, In England it is found. J. MURRAY, Liverpool. DECAPITATIONS. No. 9. What means quick if you behead, An instrument of music you'll see instead. H. H. A DAMS, No. 10. A certain country gentleman If you of head deprive, A quantity of piper You'll asee, as Im alive. J. SI rn.
ENIGMAS. No. 11. Upon the fishes' back I ride, Deep in the blue Atlantic wide ; My form is round, and is as bright As burnished silver to the eight. Besides the bales of merchandise, I'm found of varied form and size, In fact, in all the ways of trade, Men very often need my aid. In music, too, a place I claim, And all musicians know my name; Now, as you strive the word to tell, I will inscribe the word " farewelL" F. W. PETOHELL. No. 12. I'm neither in doors nor out, Yet every house I am about. JAox THE VALIANT, MBOanchester.
QGEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. io. 13.
VERBAL CHARADES, No. 14. My first is in hide, My second's in ride, My third is in hammer and saw, My fourth is in while, My fifth is in stile, My sixth you'll find in draw; If you the right letters find, 'Twill bring a useful thing to mind. ESTHER ALCOCK. No. 15. My first's in clan, My next's in plan, And then my third's in dye; My fourth's in dead, My fifth's in bed And to make this out just try, And if you-are sttecessful here, A Sco.ttish ryr will ppear. No.16. My first is in green, but not in white; My second's in dark, but not in light; My third is in rain, but not in dew; My fourth's in plenty, but not in few; My last is in stem, but not in root; And my whole is a delicious fruit. J. LOVEL, Weaverthorpe.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 17. HOTSPUR.
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 18. What you may see in any street, Deleted and transposed. will tell What's often seen upon the feet Of animals, and men as well; Please to transpose, and now you'll find Part of your clothing you will gain; Now just delete, and in your mind A garden tool will then remain; Delete again, and you will see That I a name for man will be; If you please to behead once more, You'll And I'm what I was before. MORLEY, Liverpool. No. 19. What's in the sky if you behead What comes from coal you'll have instead; Transpose my last, and if done right An animal it will bring to sight. J. A. BTEVENS. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 20. From what we live in, the centre delete, And what's worn on the feet you'll,have, complete. HOTSPUIR. CURTAILMENT. No. 21. An empire in Europe if you curtail, A piece of its coinage you'll have without fail J. A. LAWRsNOE, Kenningto.
ACROSTIC, No. 22. Foundation Word" The primals, if you write with care And-place them down aright, A very pretty colour Will surely bring to sight. Oross Words. This is a celebrated place, I t is a town in Spain. Where Wellington and his brave men Did once a victory gain. A fltes old town in Germany Is this, without a doubt; Here Prussian Frederick once did put The Austrians to rout. A famous university Is here, you may depend; A memorable treaty Was also here attained. An ancient town is this, I'm sure, You, will know what I mean- It is a quaint old castle And in Scotland it is seen. J. S. HICKMAN, Hammersmith, CONUNDRUM. No. 23. Of all ye Budget riddlers, Can any tell to me Why an empty match-box Is like the Y. F: B. B SARDANAPALUS, DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 24. For first please take one-fourth of snow; Part of your bodly this, I know; A precious gem for next put down ; And now the name of an Irish town My fifth's a word that means to change: Through the woods my next doth range; Now put down a fourth of neat, And the diamond is complete. The centrals read from left to right Will bring an Irish town to sight; From centre to the top then take, And you will have a Scottish lake; Now from the centre please read down, And you will get an English town. J. BRaODIE, Glasgow, No. 25. My first is an insect that's counted most wise; In my second a name for a boy meets your eyes A name for a girl in my third will be seen; And my fourth is a country of Europe, I ween: A poor, witless creature my next member shows; And sixth is a fruit in the forest that grows; My last is a consonant not found in you; And my centrals read down bring a kiigdom to vine. IIAeI.EQIJs, SQUARE. WORDS. No. 26. In the. north f Asiayou.will find Thisr'ra r, which plla M "rig # to nmind; Smooth or equal this doth mean; And this, pure, elegant, or clean; In-last l'm sure you all will view Some little insects known to you. TOR No. 27. My first is in the kitchens found Of people high and low; My next an image in the mind To you will surely show ; My third a prophet is, they say, Who sees what is to;be; My fourth and last's an instrument That makes sweet melody. HARLEQUIN. No. 28. To govern and command, l'm placed Above all else, though loved as well ; Descend one step, with these I'm graced, And listen to the tales you tell. My next a glorious bow you've seen, In midst of gloom more bright and clear; Add but a head, and ther 'twill mean One-twelfth part of the current year. A trifling transposition now, And last becomes a common name That's often given to bow-wow; Try if he'll answer to the same. J. L., Lamnethl. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST\i 1.-J. A. Maitland, Ladye 18.-Two, tow, wot. Byrde. Thus: JoviaL, AdA,; 19.-Pearl, earl, ear, pearpee. MuD, AmY, Io E, TuB, 20.-Deep, Dee. I ovelY, AnotheR, NeeD,, 21.-Lionel, lion. DonE. 22.-Chester, chest. 2.-Rhinoceros. 23.-Wheat, what. 3.-Emigration. 24.-Stoop, stop. 4.-Ruby, opal, garnet, pearl, 25.-i- xe. beryl, diamond. 2G.-Anna. 5.-Gale, male, hale, bale, 27.-(Bee) B to rook, brook. sale, dale, pale, tale. 28.-Time. Thus: Tiger, 6.-Bosworth. St. Helens, Iron, Money, Eagle. Rochbdale: Thus: BliSteR, P.29.-The letter H. OuTdO, SsenHtiaC, WhitE- 30.-Sleep. wasH, OLD, RavEnnA, 31.-Eye. TechNicaL, HampShirE. 32.-Flow, wolf. 7.-Byron. 33.-Tin, nit. 8.-Alice. 4.-Dale, dial. lead. 9.-Unit, units. 35.-Rock, cork. 10.-Liquor-ice. 36.-0. Y. F. W. B. 11.-Clack-man-Nan. 37.-Sam Clarke. 12.-Amy, Ada; Bridget, 38.-- 1 N Frances, Ianthe, Ethel E N 13.-Chester, Hester. L A T C H 14.-Heel, eel. R E T REA 15.-House, Ouse. S T B L 16.-Members. embers. MA Y 17.--Think twice before act- T ing once. s9.- The nnme of Roland Quiz is dear To every loyal Uu lgetier: His valiant Jack and gallant Tim Make us often think of him.