Our friend JENNm LEE to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMEN F CHARADE. No. 1.
"You naughty child I" said Rose, to John, And gave him a good first; "My nice balloon to tie string on, And take it out to burst l" "I did it, dear," said John, "for fun. I'm sorry now, don't scold; But tell me of my secoad,borne By many knights of old." " I cannot now, you know," said Rose; " But at the break of dawn We're going, Johnnie, to the town Where my loved whole was born." JENNIE LER. ENIGMA. No. 2. Drawn is my blood, whose purple hue Was bright as summer skies of blue, And worn and aged here I stand, Decaying in a foreign land. From some fair island'in the west, Far o'er the blue Atlantlo}s breast. Where flowers bloom and cocoas sway, I sailed for England's fair cliffs grey; Bound then for many years to hold The liquid which within me rolled. Time hastened on, and through my side Poured in a stream the sparkling tide. I aid, against intrusive foe, Yon hardy goat that swift doth go O'er where the torrent roars below. And wounds I bear, for in my breast Often a flight of arrows rest, The cruel points of burnished steel Inflicting wounds Time cannot heal. F. W. PETCIIELL. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. Foaundation Words. I've often been asked, and as often confessed, That, of all kinds of pastry, I like this the beat. When put on the table, it makes me elate, And you never will find any left on my plate. Indeed, it's so tasty, delicious, and nice, That (only when hungry, mind) I am served thrice. So act with discernment, and, if you're discreet. The centrals will give you my" hobby" complete. Cross Words. In ev'ry brougham which doth start, fn carriages, both large and small, In ev'ry tram, cab, dray, or cart 1 am; indeed, I'm found in all The second word, dear riddler, you, I daresay, have seen at the "Zoo ;" Unprepossessing in his looks, He'll never be in my " good books." Young Folks, I think, we'll take for third A large-sized fowl. Deliciousbird I Of its good taste I've often boasted, I like it best when nicely roasted. Romance much flatt'ry oft receives, But I like this, which ne'er deceives. " Going before " this means, you'll see, And in my puzzle fifth 'twill be. Next please, dear reader, bring to sight A town that's in the Isle of Wight. All wicked persons fear to meet My seventh'word. The rlghteous greet It only as a kind of sleep, From which they'll wake, fresh joys to re'p. My eighth is anger. I would say When'er it comes don't let it stay; "A gentle answer wrath doth turn," From this you may a lesson learn. MIy last is.found in tunes, not airs (A mixture strange 'twill seem) ; 'Tis also found in steps and stairs, In strawberries, not cream. The answer, there is little doubt, You riddling ones of fame Will, with the greatest ease, find out, And see the hidden name. F. W. BINSTEAD, METAGRAM S. No. 4. My whole you'll find a little bay; Change head, ::nd you will see A little bird of plumage white, Now say what it can be ; Change head again, and you will find A heathen god of old; Change head once more, 'twill bring to mind A state of bliss untold: Change head again, ye riddlers gay, What means to mow it will display. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. No. 5. What barbers use, if you please change head, What measures time you'll have instead; Change head again, and then you'll Lee A group of animals 'twill be; Now ii this riddle pleases you, I'll write again. So, friends, adieu. AUGUSTUS C.sAn. No. 8. A boy's Christian name if you change head, Another boy's name you'll have instead. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. REVERSION S. No. 7. What means to pull if you turn round, A kind of room will then be found. J. S. HImoasn, Hammersmith. No. 8. A kind of animal Reversed, I ween, A kind of plant Will surely be seen. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAT.
PALINDROMES. No. 9. Now, riddlers, take a kind of dwarf, And quickly turn it round, Then-in a trice you'll surely see The same it will be found. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. No, 10. That very even this does mean I think you'll all agree; Now read it either way, Young Folks, The same, I'm sure, you'll see. G. WILLIS, Cork. OMEGRAM. No. 11. A bird of passage in my whole you'll see: Change tail, a tempest then you will behold; Again change tail, a pleasant tale 'twill be; Once more, what means to lay up 'twill unfold. F. A. ConDI rY, Shlplhte. PROVERB ItSBUS. No. 12. WALtERn, London. CURTAILMENTS. No. 13. An Indian town if you'll twice curtail, A town in Egypt you'll have without fail ; Curtail again, and if you're right. A river in Holland will come to sight; Curtail once more, and then I'll be A word that signifies the sea. 0. FEnRNBANKS, Oxford. No. 14. A precious gem this will unfold; Curtail it, and you will behold A juicy and delicious fruit That would your palate doubtless suit. The operation now repeat To see a vegetable sweet; You to me the answer render, I to you my thanks will tender. T. L. HEmnenY. No, 15. An article used by a smoker this is; Curtail, and 'tis found in an apple, I wis. R. TUniixR. FLORAL REBUS. No. 16.
ALICE PARTING, Hornsey, DECAPITATIONs. No. 17. A sharp cry if you behead, What we all enjoy you'll have instead; Behead again, and then, I ween, A bundle of paper will be seen. SIu LAUNCELOT. No. 18. What's seen in fields if you behcnd, What is not cold you'll see instead; Behead again, and if done right, What you oft do will come to sight. EMILY CANTER, Bradford. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 19. The centre from a Scotchman take, With what remains we make good cake. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. No. 20. I am before all others: but If you tako out my heart. What's often used by pugilists Before your eyes will start. J. MYERS. Dalton-in-Furness. TRANSPOSITION. No. 21. A measure of land if you transpose, A fruit to you it will disclose. J. S. HICIMAN, Hammersmith.
LOGOGRIPHS, No. 22. To JEsop 'twas known, And to no one so well; With centre deleted And transposed, 'twill tell The first signs of spring With its beautiful green, And its absence that winter Has come cold and keen. No. 23. . GRAT, Bayswater. Reverse my first, and then, I ween, A spirituous liquor will be seen; And, if rightly I have reckoned, A kind of fish will show my second; If these parts are joined aright. A riddler's name is brought to sight. CHARADES. POT Hook, No. 24. Every loyal Budgetier Has read this hero's deeds, Bow he slew giants without fear, And rode high-mettled steeds. In Dublin town I often stand Beside my next, andsee The boats and ships of every land, Which is a treat to me. Of ruddy cleeks I once could boast, And quite a cheerful face. When I lived on the English coast At this fine watering-place. o. 5. H. H. ADAMS No. 25. My first opposes the way ; My second is used out at seal My whole was the scene of a fray, If you guess this, with me you'll agree. J. b. WATTs, CENTRAL ACROSTIC. No. 26. Foundation Word. Young Folks, perchance. it may amuse You this acrostic to peruse, And if yju should feel so inclined, Its answer kindly try to find; Then in the centrals will be shown A heroine, to all well-known. Cross Words. Search for my first, and you'll agree A place of shelter it will be; In Eastern lands this plait does grow ; Third is a Christian name, I know; For fourth a sort of stone put down; My fifth will give an English town; Then in my sixth you will behold A weapon used in times of old; My last will bring before your sight A tree, I think you'll find I'm right; Now, as I have finished, I'll not delay. But take up my lyre, and say" Good day." KTTIIE E. WHEELER. ACROSTICAL DI AMOND PUZZLE. No. 27. A consonant-'tis found in birds; 8 econd is play on certain words; C oncealed here a kind of drink; O f this sea-fowl you've heard, I think; T his I am, and I hope that you C an say the same and never rue; H ere we find secrets oft divulged; L et this by you be not indulged ; A vegetable here is found; 8 eek well, you'll find this in the ground; 8 o if you right the centrals view, I hope you're one, and loyal, too. E nough, they say, is a feast-adieu. J. MYERs, Dalton-in-Furness. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WliSit. I.-Snowdrops, Water-lily. 6.-Age. Thus : SaW, NorA, OuT, 7.-The foremost dogcatches WisE, DinneR, ReaL, Obi, the hare. PearL, SullY. 8.-Seven, seen, 2.-Weather-cock. 9.-Mortals, morals. 3.-Bank Holiday. 10.-Two's company, three's -.- IB none.' 11.-Creel, reel. eel. A L B 12.-Scold, cold, old. C L O TH 13.-Malta, malt. 14.-H-eron, hero, her, be. BLOND I N 15.-Peal, pale, leap, leaf. o I D BE 16.-Rosee, pose, nose. 17.-Cork, core, corb, cord, TIN corn. N 18.-Horse, shore. 19.-Servo, versoe. ,--Hannah, Anna.