Our friend T. L. HEME.nY to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, DECAPITATION. No. 1. To school i've been, And whole there seen Used in our education; Upon it I Oft had to try My powers of calculation. No boy would dare To e'er be there What second is displaying; There was for him A prospect dim Of panishment dismaying. My tale is o'er, l'Jlsay no more, To keep you longer waiting; So, ending now, I make my bow, While you're the answer stating. T. L HEMERY. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. Cross Words. Now, riddling readers, one and all, Come listen to my tale : And wheld I'vg done, I hope that you 'I o guess it will not fail. Commence by putting down a letter i hat forms a part of Jane; While second is a word that means Sorrow, distress, and pain. What you all do, I pray you take, And carefully put it (own; The ucxt that ought to come in sight Is a well-known Cheshire town. My fifth too, is an English town, -it least, so I am told; And I lhink my next is a word that meanus As much as the hand can hold. Next is a female's name, I ween, \W Il-known to all of you: And my e ghth,I'm sure, when gues ed i right, Will bring a fish to view. My last. young ft iends. is a useful le, ter, And to you I do not grudge it, As. without it, w9 should no' er have Our Young Folk's Weekly Budget. Foundation Words. Now,please, Just make this nuzzle out, And read from left to right, 'J hen a well-known English town You'll surely bring to sight. Now read from top to bottom. When, I'm sure. you will not fail To see that it doth show you The hero of a Budget tale. T. DRAKE, Stratford. CHARADES. No. 3. In fir-t a bird you'll truly see; In next a kind of lake; An English town you'll view now, if Together you them take. T. ARCHER. No. 4. I strolled out In the country Upon one summer day. And everything seemed first to me As I strolled on my way. I saw some fine old houses, With ivy-covered walls; And I saw a lordly second, With its large and portly halls. A town in the north of England, Dear riddler, is my whole ; And from it every day we get Large quantities of coal. H. H. ADAMS. No. 5. When Winter comes, with icy hand, In Autumn's stead to reign. My first, I'm sure, you'll often see Fast falling o'er the plain. Boys of my first my second make, And think it is rare fun To see my whole thus thrown about; But now my riddle's done. MORGAN LA FAY. No. 6. An acci.'ent happened the other day, "Might have been serious," you'll say; My sister whole. in a thoughtless way, Was waloing in the station. Her purpose was a visit to pay Some friends who lived a distance away. "To ride in a drawing-room first," she did say, . Was her wish ; for she liked the sensation. Well, as I've said, thoughtlessly walking along- Perhaps she was thinking, perhaps humming a song- On the edge of the platform-by the way it was throng- An engine flew swiftly by. My sister was startled, 'twas easy to tell. She slipped. With a loud cry of second, she fell Right over my third ; but it all ended well, Though it might have been worse, say L JIx.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 7. Now, from a certain kind of play If you take out the heart, A plant, well-known to housekeepers, Bsefore your eyes will start. J. MYERS, Daltor-in-Furness. No. 8. My whole's a kind of stony plant, Under the seas 'tis found: But when deleted, 'tis, you'll grant, Prooured beneath the ground. W. P. WILLIAMS, Holywell. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. I know a certain little bird, Of it, I s'pose, you all have heard; Transposed, one letter, too, deleted, You'll have what's recent then completed. C. R. G. REBUS. No. 10. EMILY MI. CANTER, Bradford. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 11. Foundation WYord. S can down my primals, there, you'll find, Is seen a hero good and brave; L oved much he was by rich and poor; V allant, but now is in his grave. Cross Words. E xtol this hero of the sea; R cad the Young Folk's, and this you'll be; 8 eek this man's tomb where great men rest; T his bravo Sir Jack wore on his breast; A nd' this tree's found on every farm; R ead not these books, they'll do you harm. W. A. WILLIAMs, Neath. CURTAILMENT. No. 12. What means broken, if you curtail, A Budget hero you'll have without fail. J. A. STEVENS. REBUS. No. 13. -N - I NErs LOTTIE W., Brighton. ENIGMA. No. 14. I am a n-ost unwelcome guest, I never, never am at rest; I'm here, I'm there. I'm everywhere; I'm neither oval,round, nor square; With every railway train I go, Travelling fast, or travellin'g slow; No service to them do I prove, Without me yet they cannot move; I hate the quiet, mnidnight gloom, I hate the stillness of the tomb; 'The wild caroese I dearly love, But shun the quiet, shady grove; No use am I to any trade, Yet by the blacklsmith I am made; I'm present at all storms and squalls; I rise up from Niagara falls; All round the world have I been, Yet never once have I been seen; Pain and vexation oft I give, Yet without me you cannot live ; Sometimes I'm pleasant to the ear, At others I incite with fear; I have no doubt you know me well, And may have helped me to quell; I may be made by hands'or feet, Or bands of musie in the street; No doubt you'll bring my name to view, So, for the time, I'll bid adieu. J. .YERS, Dalton-in-Furness.
PUZZLE. No. 15. My first is in real, IMy second's in heal, My third is in scarlet and blue; My fourth is in deal, Mly fifth is in seal- An English town you will view. J. PARISH. PALINDROME. No. 16. A firm opinion this implies, Or doctrine 'twill be found; An,: sall the s me it will remain If you now turn it round. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. REVERSIONS. No. 17. The way into our dwellings, If you please turn it round, And then you'll find that, if done right, A land measure will be found. J. A. STEVE':S. No. 18. Though first's a word of letters three, Great work it does for you and me- No ono it hinders : But p!ease reverse, and you will find A useful box will come to mind, Where we put cinders C. FERNBANKS, Oxford. OMEGRAM. No. 19. A female name, if you change tall, A piece of twine you'll have without fail: Change tail again, and then, I ween, What's in all apples will be seen. If the tail again is changed by you, An Irish city will come to view; Please change again and then, I trow, You'll see what in the fields does grow. EMILY M. CANTER, Bradford. METAGRAMS. No. 20. A fruit that's very luscious, I declare, Now, rqudler, try to br ng it to yos're mind; Now change its hqad, and if without mistake, I'm sure 'twill leave a cool retreat behind; E'en though you'd like to stay there while the sun Shines splend'rously upon the waters blue; The head must new be changed again, and then A heap of timber ashes comes to vkiw; Nor is this all, for there, in yonder school. The masters fourth-the little 'children iearn; Once more repeat, it then means to arrive- Now see if you these answers can discern. J. G. LUMSDEN. No. 21. My who'e is an animal, also a vice, To be able to guess it You ought, in a trice. But when its head is changed, I ween, What clothes are made of wi.l be seenC; And now, young riddlers to guess this try; I'll wish you success, and say good-bye. R. C. M'CLEI-:RY. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 22. An-American State, please, the centre rub out, pnd what grows on a horse you will have without doubt Now k ndly curtail, and will come to >our view What I hope I'llbe some day. Now, kind friends. adieu. RHATER BEAG, Darlington. N* 23. A useful article i am, Every cook and servant knows me; A sweet repose you next will see, If you will please transpose me; Take off my head, then turn me round, A parent's term will then be found. H. H. ADAMs. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. i.-" Jack the Valiant." 12.-Aye, yea. Thus : John, Alfred, Chess, 13 -The train. King, Tear, Heart, Eng- 14.--pe,-Bey, Ben. land. Victory, Autumn, 15.-Tin, din, kin, fin. Leaf. Industry, Ant. Noise, 16.- Sock, lock, hock, cock, Tired. mock. 2.-Keel, leek. 17.-Ticks t, wicket. 8--Pat, tap. 18.-Olive, evil, vile, lvi. 4.-Dad. 19.-Burns, Byron. Thlis: 5.-Bosom, boom, BarB UglY, RuleR, NerO, 6.-Agnes, ages. SwaN. 7.- A. 20.--Tim Pippin. Thus : Tod- morden, Ipswich, Alan- 0 OB chester, Penrith, Ilklcy, AR I Pontefract, Prescott, Ilkes- ton. Nottingham. O B S E R V E 21.-Water-lily. HAMPSHIRE 23.--Ram-part 24.-Dam-ak rose. 8.--A dew-drop (adieu). 24.- S H 1 P 9.-P.I11, ill. H A It E 10 --ink, ink. I R O N 11.-Changes are lightsome, P E N S and fools are fond of them. 25.- T ,NOT CARDS HERBERT OANDYTUFT ELEC T IC I TY TRANSPO S I TION TORBYROLANDQUIZ ASS IRMAT I VELY COMBINAT ION BUILDINGS CROQUE T MOUSE T IN -, Z