- S. \ 4 11/1i L _ r
All communications on any subject connected With tihelo prizes must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is exp!ected, a stamped and directed envelope or postcard shoutl be eon closed :--TE PuzzLE AND EssAY EDITro, Ofice of " Our Darlings;, 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, London, E. For conditions and rules (by which all candidates must be guided), see page 6, No. 53. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which ap- peared in No. 55 of "Our Darlings." FoR SENIORS. ANSWER, TO PUzzLB No. V.-The Alps are divided into seven ranges : the Maritime, the Cottian, the Graian. the Pennine, ens Lepontine, the Rhetian, and the Noric Alps. The seven regiOns into which naturalists divide the Alps, beginninmg at the base and ascending towards the summit, are-that of the Vine, the Oak, the Beech, the Fir, Pasturage, Saxifrages or Mosses, and Eternal Snow.
AnswEm To PUZZLE No. VI.-Paul and Silas singing in prison (Acts xvi. 26, etc.) Son JUxons. ANSWER TO PUZZLE NO. V.-Quito, in the Andes, and the farm of Antisana, near the source of the Amazon. ANswEE To PuzzLE No. VI.-The wise men led by the star to Jerusalem.-The murder of the children (Luke ii.) PRIZES.-A BOOK (VALUE 3s. 6d.) Was awarded to each of the following for correct answers:- SnnIons. Ourvs HfOLESWORTIr (15), Wyelands, Buxton. M[AEGARET TABOR (15), 44, Lansdowne Road, Notting Iill. leTee SILLITOE (14), 9, Friars Street, Sudbury. Mesar JzYuEsox (13), The Manse, Portobello, N.B. Junions. SErr C Govar (ii), Linkfeld House, Portobello, N.B. 3sID AsDosSOx (11), 0, William Street West, North Shields. HEsnR H. CIIETTLE (9), Trowle Cottage, Trowbridge. BEaTRIct OsnaDInsTON (7), Linkfield House, Portobello. We commend the following for their correct answers :-M. E. Anderson, L. Belling, A. Broadbent, A. Brigstocke, J. Cruick- shank, H. Frazer, A. Fillingham, st. Govan, A. Goring, R. Hendry, H. P. Healing, G. Healing, J. Healing, M. Hardwick, G. Hirst, A. Hordern, G. Horsey, E. Horsey, L. Jack, H. M. Knight, ýt. E. Lawrence, K. Liston, A. Liston, W. Mather, J. L. Mennick, II. Margrett, W. B. iMurray, A. Ottywell, E. Partridge, I. Partridge, J. H. Penn, F. Ii. Pruen, I. Polmeer, A. Sanders, .. Selkirk, D. Selkirk, W. Stanton, J. A. Tait, J. Telfer, C. C. Wilkins, 11. Wise. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [yole.-The Puzzles is prose are taken from Sacred and Pro- fane History, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the dible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will fanr- nish us with themes. The puzzles in rhyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIORS. Foer books, of the published value of 3s. Od. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory Candi- dates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE No. XXV.-A great multitude of people have assembled to witness a fight between a lion and a bull. The king is sitting on his throne surrounded by his courtiers. The bull is brought out, and the lion with a tremendous roar leaps on his neck. The king, who is a little man, calls out, " Which of you all will make that lion let go his hold? " The courtiers all stand silent and ashamed, for they would not dare to venture within reach of the lion's claws. " Then I'll do it myself!" said the king, and leaping down he draws his sword and strikes the lion's head off. Namne the king, ald say schy he did this. PUZZLE NO. XXVI. The lowest, lowliest thing that cleaveth to the earth Was used for highest purposes of everlasting worth: Dull in itself, and lifeless, despised and downtrod, Yet beautiful it could become, fann'd by the breath of God. Again unto its low estate we see it shall come down, Yet only there abiding till Christ doth claim His own : Thence cometh to this self-same thing a heritage of woe, While some shall know a glory it never knew below. Son Juvlons. Tie Foun most successful and satisfactory candidates will receive each a book of the published price of 3s. 6dh., and of their o'n selection. PUZZLE No. XXV.-A battle had been fought between the English and Scots, and when night separated the combatants the victory was undecided. The moon had just dawned, and bodies of English soldiers are seen searching the field. Suddenly they come on a heap of
slain, and in their midst find a body splendidly dressed. They seem very glad at finding it, and place it in a leaden coffin, whence it is sent to London. But the Scots refuse to believe their leader has so perished. For a long time they indulge the fond conceit that he has only gone on a pilgrimage to the Holy Land. Name the battle, its date, and its commanders. PUZZLE No. XXVI. Something once lost can nothing restore To the virtue and power possessed before; Beyond man to reclaim. It is found in the homes of the rich and great, Yet outcast-down-trodden, in its low estate Naught is left it but a name. A name of good; what had once good use Now sinks, alas ! unto vile abuse: We learn this in its shame- If we deny the power of truth, And lose the "first love" known in youth, To live is but a name. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR JANUARY, 1883. IGIIT Beautiful Books and TWELVE Certilicates of MIerit will be awarded this month to the writers of the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. They will be divided as follows: FouR Books and Srx Certificates in each section, between the Senior and Junior Candidates. In every case the names of the prize-winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For directions, see General Riles. SENIou SUBJECT.-" In the Old and New , stament are fotlnd several Riddles, Puzzles, or Parables, i.e. dark sayings, for which solutions were not easily foiund. Give a list of all these, with references to the passages, and as far as you can, the solutions." JUNIOR SUBJECT.-" Give some account of the Tildl Animals mentioned in Holy Scripture." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. TWENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £30, Will be given away at the close of 1883 for the best answers to the 156 Questions which will appear during the twelve mouths of 1882-3. 1st, £5; 2nd, £4; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2; 6th, £1 15s.; 7th, £1 15s.; 8th, £1 10s.; 9th, £1 10s.; 10th, £1 5s. ; 11th, £1 5s.; 12th, £1; 13th, £1; 14th, 15s.; 15th, 15.. ; 16th, 15s.; 17th, 15s.; 18th, 15s.; 19th, 15s.; 20th, 10s. ; 21st, 10s.; 22nd, 10s.; 23rd, 10s.; 24th, 10s.; 25th, 10s.; 26th, a Bible with Maps and Illus- trations; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. |2 THE PRINTED FORM, oe wCldc answers to TRESE SCRIP- TURE QUESTIONS eust be sent i:n, together with the codlitions of competition, mal, be had byl enclosing two postage ,tlt ps addlressel to the Editor of " Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepney C.utseray, Lon- don, E. 34. By what name is Havilah now known ? 35. By what name in secular history are the Canaan- ites known? 36. What do we know of the people of Heth at the time of (i.) Abraham, (ii.) Moses? Allude to passages in proof. 37. What do we know of this people in the time of (lii.) Solomon and (iv.) Ezra ? Refer to passages.