Our friend WAL KrIPTON to-day takes the lead in the hIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words. Primals with finals i'm longing to see, And all Budgetiers are longing with me; We feel that a glorious treat is in store. We've experienced such very often before. With pictures and stories, amusement and sport, With capital games of every sort, With riddles and essays, and Our Weekly Party," We're anxious to give it a velcome right hearty. Cross Words. Very first and weary, one evening, after tea, Recreation seeking in pages of our B, Siou'ht:not vainly after; for next, in Quiz's tale, To give delight to young and old, I'm sure, can never fail. A foreign name for water discover in my third- To d;fferent scents applying, as you no doubt have heard; And fourth a pond'rous weapon used, so we've been told, By cruel giants on the earth in startling days of old. When a fifth ascending, a garden came in view, And the lucky owner, a friend of mine, I knew; I did as lie requested, and plucked a sixth so fair; Whilst. all about, the ground was strew'd with flowers rich and rare. .My journey then pursuing, a seventh hove in sight, And I, refreshmtent needing, was filled with great delight; The host my wants supplying, I paid to him his fee, And, thus refreshed, I hastened onward, singing merrily. Two letters eighth is wanting to make its meaning " fast," A nd these two letters joining must not be first, but last ; Yet you, I am quite certain, will far from guessing be Unless I say the letters two are merely r and e. Now, in my ninth you're viewing a well-known Christian name, A l:,land Quiz's hero. esteenm'd in Budget fame; A place in Scripture mentioned my tenth you'll surely find, Which is composed of letters four, you'll kindly bear in mn ud. The next and last remaining are rivers you well know, With them I was acquainted at school some time ago. Have you not guess'd them rightly ? then, if. ou're nothing loth, -. Phtlae search an English map with care, and you'll discover both. WAL KIMPTON. CROSS PUZZLE. No. 2. In winter first is often seen; Second bashfulness doth mean; Part of the week will now appear; Next is a bird to ladies dear ; A bird comes next, in England bred; Sixth is the seaman's pest. I've read This entertains both man and beast; My cihth of cards is not the least; In last an adjective you'll see That's oft used by you and me. The centrals, downwards read, will show A bird you and I very well know. T. H. JACKsoN. London. CHARADES. No. 3. Mv first is a part of the cook, Who care of my second does take, Wherein, if you happened to look, Youe would see, p'raps, a pie or a cake. Should you in a task ever fail, I pray you do this yet once more; And whole my good friends, will unveil An old English town, I am sure. T. L. TIEofERY. No. 4. George and Mary whon. we'll say, IIHd sp'rits lieht and hearty, Resolved that they would go one day And join a garden party. So 'mid the seconds. there they walked. Wi-h other friends they laughed and talked. Now George was very fond of jokes, and Mary the receiver, Although she'd give him many pokes If trving to deceive her. "uir jecte-s from a pedigree Will always Joie right pleasantly. The first was towerine o'er the land, And filling earth with beatiy: An ' Georoe, with second in h:s hand, Co'ntriving It a Cutt To hind it second to his love, And one of others far above. " Here is a second " George did say; "Come, put it in your ,aonset " BAt Mary said.' Take that away, 'There's plenty seconds on it- And one I think, so lare as whole, Would never suit a single soul." J. G. LUat SDEN. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. I am an animal, no doubt; A garment with my centre out. IRONSIDES.
ACiROSTIC. FNo. 6. Foundation Word. I, in younger days, have wandered By the ever murmuring rill. Thirugh the fresh and primals woodlands, lBy the ever turning mill; Now, inas I in pain and anguish lrecathe I a desponding sigh, Left alone in life to languish, And in grief and care to die. Now, in truth, my heart but seoketh 'Io enclose all thoughts of youth; Meeul'ry but my fears awaketh, A nl reveal to me the truth. But to cast aside all pleasure In sincerity 1 vow; Hope's to me a hidden treasure, To me all despair is now. Cross Words. Wicked it must be. as a general rule, Though I believe 'tis also called a tool. If something tempting will content you, A dish of salad P'll present you. When summer is ended its beauty will perish; Its fragrance, I know. Every person will cherish. When shown in the window, The dustman will see A removal of rubbish Is wanted by me ; A river you also Will fiud it to be. I don't core a button what others opine. 1' 1 swear that he is no ancestor of mine, . 'Though to some Darwin's theory sounds very fine. "Grasp it like a man of mettle I" So the poet does con-true it; For the job I have no liking. He's the best, methinks, to do it. They say it flies. Well, that is nothing new. As to myself, 1 like it in a stew. C(. GRANT, Bayswater. GEOGRAPHICAL ItEBUS. N o. 7. ANON. DECAPITATION S. No. P. A weapon, if beheaded by you, A very nice f niult will bring to view; Atl then again cut off thei head, What's on your head you'll have inistead. A. H. l'LUMoaER. No. 9. Whole is a little animal; 'ut off its tiny head. And then a noble British stream There will hie in trtad. KNIGIII'T F T'IE SILVER HORN. CUItTAILMB INTS. No. 10. A well-known place curtailed by you, A kind of grain will come to view. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 11. What means betimes if you curtail, A noltlemin 'twill bring to m nd; Curtnil again, and without fall. What you hear with is left behind. F. A. CORDReY, Shiplake. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 12. An adverb if you will transpose, A preposition it will disclose. J. S. HICKiMAN, Hammersmith. No. 13. A kind of fruit if you transpose, Another fruit it will dlisclose. W. A. WI LlTAMs, Neath. CENTRATI DELETIONS. No. 14. From a Molhammedan hermit the centre delete, A word for handsome you'll have complete Slt LAAUNCELO'T. No. Is. If from a warlike weapon you the centre delete, A dear article of dress you'll have completo A. E. L, Bradford. PUZZLE. No. f6. My first is in heap, My second's in leap: My third is in slip-er and shoe; My fourth is in fo:e, My fifth is in more, An English town you will view. J. PaRISht.
LOOGOG RIPHS. No. 17. A well-known fruit if you behead and transpose, Another unto you it will then disclose. J. Cai& rLT'N,, Ailehhtiads. No. 18. My first, curtailed and reversed, is part of the human frame ; My second, transposed, a liquor will name; My third is part of a pig, I ween; And for whole an English town is seen. POT HooK. No. 19. My whol's a river known by you: Behead, a whetstone will come to view; Behead again, and if you're right, What's always single will come to sight; C artail me, and you'll surely see A prepos:tion I will be; But if you'll kindly turn me round, Denial or refusal will be found. SIR LAUNCELOT. TRANSPOSITIONAL CURTAILMENT. No. 20. A winged creature curtail and transpose, Part of your body 'twill then di-close. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. PALINDROME. No. 21. A complimentary title reversed by you, The same as first will come to view. (. 'ESINBANKS, Oxford. METAGRAMS. No. 22. What means lustre or blaze if you'll please change head. A county in Ireland you'll see then instead T. ARCHER. No. 23. A town in Prussia if you'll change head. A Budget magician you will have instead. J. PIooI OR. No. 24. A burning spirit please expound, Then kindl\ change its head. A substance due from underground You then will have instead : Change again, and you'll recall What's used to fasten cape or shawl; And if again its head is chanced, Part of a fish will be arranged; Wickedness your eyes will meet II the action you repeat: And a noise you'll hear quite plain If its head be chan.ed again: (rlre more, kind riddlcrs, and embrace What some one does at every race; And if you change its head oner more, Relations you will then explore; My last you must not hold in scorn, For 'tis a box for holding corn. J. UG. LUmsstEaN. PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 25. My first is alwaiys seen in might; Part of your face next brings to sight; My third a frait will bring to light; In fourth both squires and hounds delight; My fifth's an animal, I ween, In ['gypt it is often seen: My sixth's a city you all know. Where tyrant Net o lived, I trow. Read centrals down. and then you'll find A poet famed 'twill bi ing to mind. W. A WILLIAMS. Neath SQUARE WORDS. No. 26. My first is a qumber of hounds, I wis; A Budget rlodler I fancy i this; My third, you'll see. is a stnhll creek or bay; My last is part of the body you'll say. BHATER BEAG, Darlington. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., Ol ILAST Wi:.:.. I.-Love-bird. 12.-Bale, Abel. 2.--1Yo'ng Folk's Weekly 13.-Tar, rat. Budget. 14.-Net, ten. 3.-I' nde r. Thus: P's, 15.-House, mouse, Ouse. Intsertion, Novel, Dart, 16.---raz:l. Empty, Run. 17.-Poetry Lotty W. Thu~ : 4.- lover. PooL, OhiO. :as l', 'l i I 5.--Rchmond. RosY. Yel oW. ,.-Grace race, ace. 18.-Midst, mist. 7.-Strnp, trap. rap. 19.-Table, tale 8.--l arch, arch. 20.-War-ring-ton. 9.-Bib. 21.- W'ork-box. 10.--Roof, room, rook, rood, 22 - Sight. light, light, might,, ront. nightr. right. 11.-Prtise the sea, but keep 23.-1inuk, pink, rinot., sink, on land. wink.