Our friend CHARLES HENRY Borr to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. HIDDEN RIDDLERS. No. 1. Dear Frank,-When I wrote my last letter to you, I think I omit ted to mention That during the fracas we had in the Park, Charlie Hazel was kept in detention. The policeman who took him, one Derrick by name (I know all our guardians in blue). Gave Charlie a lecture; and he made reply: " I don't care a single pin, Derrick, for you. You know, as a Briton, I'm perfectly free, M anacles have not the slightest impression ; So do what you like, for I'm sure l don't care." Now wasn't that rather an open confession ? So he put him in gaol, kept him there all the night, And I really must say that I think he did right. Bl -the-bye, dear Frank, I had almost forgotten To give you a message for old Doctor Reed. I should like you, dear friend, if you will, justtotell thomn Erysipelas is raging here badly indeed. I wnut down to London lIst week on a visit, , nd had the great pleasure of seeing the Queen- I.e.. Queen Victoria of England. God bless her I And long may her life be maintained quite scrone. i;ut hero comes a damsel to call me to dinner; I mustn't detain them, or sad be my fate. They would never forgive me, and wouldn't they scold me if ever I made them at dinner to wait. So. with best love from all. from papa and mamma, F'rom Tommy, the kitten, and goodness knows whatI I conclude my short letter by signing your ever Affectionate cousin, CHARLES HBIERY IBOTT. _ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. Whose merits have him favour gained in primals all may view ; A firm and staunch adherent, a trusty friend and true, . ud worthy that position proved, which holding ho appears Amongut the goodly company of loyal Budgetiers. ,:ross Words. Beloved name, what joy it doth express For six-year-olds I Oh, lovely, sticky mess ! It may be your dinner, it may be your tea ; Your supper, your breakfast, your luinch it maybe; It may be all good things, or but a dry crust, But have it in some wuay all hungry mouths must. Put your wits together, O ye riddlers clever, And of affirmation Give an indication. Fortune's smile for some will make it, AS on velvet couch they take it; Free from cares the mind annoying, All the world can give enjoying. Alack I it is above my power To paint thy beauty, lovely flower. That "Cleanliness is next to godlihess" Is true ;and so the proverb you should heed, And see that me you iaways do possess, For every diy my serviced yot need. T. L. HEMERY. DIAGONAL SQUARE. No. 3. Young Willy Wray, One fine spring day, Ran homewards loudly screaming, And I could trace First on his face, As tears ran down it streaming. Why such distress I could not guess, On it I had not reckoned, For well I knew The courage true Of Willy's daring second. But soon the cause Of Willy's woes, Of all his cries and yelling, Did plain appear, For in his ear A third had took his dwelling. And then, no doubt, To pull it out Poor Willy had been tiying; But fast it clhli, And Willy stung, Which c rused, no doubt, his crying. And sad to tell, The ear did swell. , Though aid was kindly rendered ; i o stay the pain, And ease to gain, Some fourth was kindly tendered. Poor Willy wept Until he slept; No doubt his head was painful At first his sleep Was fifth and deep, Then, turning,'twas quite baneful. The dogtor said, With shaking head, " I'll give you timely warning; 'Tis coming fast, And he'll be last In fever in the morning." And so it proved, for Willy tossing lay Upon his cot for many a weary day. 'Twas what my square will show from left to right When Willy slept, on that eventful night; But what from right down to the left you'll find, Will show when Willy left his cot behind. J. MYERs, Dalton-in-Furness. DELETION. No. 4. An article we use for food One letter please take out, A numeral we often use You'll have without a doubt. S. ROBINsoa.
III)iDEN FISHIES. No. 5. Come, Young Folks all, if you will wait, And orily put on proper bait o(n half those lines, you'll catch a fish; For better sport you could not wish. I went down town the other day, Into a tramcar pushed my way ; To go to Perth I did intend, With Matthew Hale, my staunch old friend. Oh, Mat I he is a proper chum, Although he is not liked by some: But this I know-he's very feeling, And never would he think of stealing. When we got to our destination, We saw Jack Randolph in the station; Approaching to the car to meet us, He and his brother thus did greet us: "CGood morning, boys. 'Tis very fine, So let us get our rod and line, And to the river we will go By the short route which you all know." Where are your lines? Put them in now. Here are your fish, you must allow; Spike themorn or net them, as you wish, They're sure to fill a good large dish. Is not this enough of fishes? Hark! did I hear they're very light ? Well, then, I can't meet your wishes. At Whitsun fishes will not bite. W. H. MARcom l MONOPHONE. No. 6. FIRST. In the country now view the bright,waving corn Laid low. shlceked, and carried awa~ ; The once pretty fields of their beauty are shorn To provide me for people each day. Here, as I stand in this hot, dusty shop, I sigh for bright days of the past ; But all is not o'er-I see a boy stop, And am borne to his home, and my last. INTERLUDE. Two words kindly name, Both sounding the same; A aifference slight In spelling make light. SECOND. "Fine feathers, fine birds," says an old proverb trie;: True It may be in some ways, but'tween me and you, 'Tis not always the clothes make a gentleman fine, And I hope your opinion is equal to mine. Good manners (though shabby the coat) prove to me A person possessing such well next to be ; On the other hand, too, ill next people I find With a rich suit of clothes, but a very poor mind. WAh KISl'TON. CHARADE. No. 7. My first is taught to children Before they learn to spell, Until my name, my form, and use They readily can tell. To cooks and busy housewives My second is a treasure; Also in southern England Denotes of drink a measure. My third's a pronoun that applies To all men, poor or wealthy; My fourth and fifth united mean Some bones not over healthy. My whole in this our land denotes A learned set of men, Who've won initials to their names, Whence we their status ken. N. PHILLIPS, Liverpool. FNIGMAi No. 8. In the palace I am found, Alo in.the hovel round; I am within prison walls, And beside Niagara's falls, In the vale or on the hill, By the sea and bubbling rill, Round about you everywhere, Not in one place, but everywhere, If you in the forest roam, There you'll find I'm quite " at homeo" 'Midst the city's toil and din You will see l'm always " in." If to keep me out 'tis sought, Bolts and bars will be as naught, For wherever mortals be I must be there too, you see. Without me no bird could fly, Down it soon would fall and die. I've no colour, shape, or size; Now your wits please exercise, For no more I'll tell to you, But make my bow and say adleu. SANCHO PANZA. HIDDEN MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. No. 9. One night while in town I was invited down By a friend, name of Morgan, to ten. Said he, " You must come: Mr. Rohoon's son Has just lent his new liddle to ,ie. I've invited him too, and his young sister Loo, Who can play the piano serene. And that funny young hsan who wears a turban, Joseph Muggins, and old Nancy Green. So Morgan and me, off we went, do you see, To this drawing-room party so grand; But behold my surprise when friend Morgan so wise Called selections from an old German band. Isharply protested 'gainst being infested With men who very often, I fear, Make pauses and shakes. and lots of mistakes, Which are most discordant to hear. But I could not prevail on my friend to avail Himself of the advice I put down; So I called for a cab as soon as I could And returned to my chambers in town. Our large population of musical friends, And those who for such have a love, Will find that a musical instrument is In every verse that's above. MEssuS. WALKE~ AND bTEWAIaT, Astley Green.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. My first's in almost every home, 'Tis used to clean the floor; But if beheaded you will see It's entered by a door. Then turn me round and you will find A wild and dreary place, Which prickly furze and stunted grass Its dales and hillocks grace. G. MAODONALDi SQUARE WORDS, No. 11. An animal the first will be; 1. or next a mountain range you'll see ; Along a country this I went One summer's day, on pleasure bent; For last this girl's name you will view. Now, Young Folks, I will say adieu F. KNIGHT, Herne Hill; REBUS. No. 12. ROBIN Hoon, Normanton. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 13. My 1,2, 3, 6 is a snare, If you look well you'll find it there; My 11,8, 9, 4,1, I think, Is a river-do mind the brink I My 7, 10, 1, 5 you will find Will bring some insects to your mind; My whole is clear, without a doubt; Please try to find the answer out. J. MARCOIIB. DECAPITATION. No. 14. Magicians, in the days of old, Worked this-at least, so I've been told; Decapitate, and it will quickly be What soon befalls most carelces children, see1 E. W. TIsuAL.
REBUS. No. 15. I; LL Wi nu, C;urdon Green. LOGOG RIPlH. No. 16. A con. unpreteuti: us you here will behold ; A logogriph--that you need not to be told ; Isay it, howe'er, to prevent a mistake, Though doubtless my readers are fully awake. Without more ado, we to first will proceed: You'll find 'tis a game-ay, a fine game indeed; For further culightenmentstill,I will say That always 'tis used as an out-of-door play. Now cut off my tail, and reverse what is left, A journal you'll see if your action is deft; This jour nal behead, then reverse once again, What all of us do when we walk will remain. E. BAXTER. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. A Budget tale my first will be; What's found in mines you next will see; My third's a colour. Find the key To this square word, and you'll please me. E. W. TISDAI,. METAGRAM, No. 18. An animal in whole I am, But if you change my head, A prophet you will surely see Before you in its stead. THE HUIRTING SPEAR.
HIDDEN "P RdTY" POETS No. 19. If little Wilfred wins- Hope he'll do as too- He'll find 'tis beet to persevere I Past idleness he'll rue. So Phywell, our physician, Is coming here to-day; Just let him look at lithel's hand, He'll cure the child, I say. If you please, Louise, my poet, Pin Derwent's wrapper tight Round his dimpled little throat Ere he goes out to-night. "There's Isaac, Lara, William," So little Lily cried; "I think there's plenty for a game, With uncle Tom to hide." Qua ENis, ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &0. OF LAST WEEK. 1.--Glm-crack. 9.-Sword, word. 2.- Lead, lead. 10.-Brain, train, drain, grain, 3.-bhakspeare. Longfellow. 11.-- Reseat, receipt. Thus : ShelL. HalO, Arrav, 12.-Nose, rose. KeG, SnufF, ParadE, EviL, 13.-Manumission. AppaL, RomeO, EndoW. 14.-Strain, train, rain, in. 4.-Post-man. 15.-Fade, deaf. 5.- N O S E 16.-Time and tide wait for no OPEN man. 8 END 17.- 8 EAL ENDS ENVY 6.-Leek, leak. A V E 7.-Sharp, harp, cnrp. LY R E 8.-Meat, mate,team, tame. 18.- When a very little boy, They sent me first to school; My master said, though least of all, I was the biggest fool.