Our friend J. G. LumsDEN to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OHARADIA. No. I. Small Tommy was sitting on mother's strong arm: For he and his mother we o then quite alone. Bid Tommy, " My first, who's at work on the farm, I think, is a very long time coming home." "Be patient, my darling, he will not he long; If you're a good boy, and will sit nice and still. He will quickly come home, and will sing you a song. By-the-bye, I can see him a-coming up hill." And now in the doorway dear first we can see At his well-deserved rest, as he's uin'shed his task, With good little ''ommy at rock on his knee. Who says," 1I have one little question to ask. "It is : Will you buy me some sweets for to eat Pefore Betsy cleans me, and puts me to rest ? And, please, don't be second ; the shop up the street Is where you are likely to get them the best." The last of the first took him stratcht to the place Where many sweet things could be bought, it is said; Returning. he pleased little Tom with his grace, Who kissed his rough lips, and was taken to bed. Not long had he been in h's snug little cot, When he raised a most thrilling and piteous shout. The cause of the noise his mother know not; And his first couldn't think what the boy was about. They rushed up the stairs, and there did they find The total a-walking on Tommy's dark eyes. They killed him at once. though they thought it unkind ; But the cries of their darling they couldn't despise. J. G. LUMxSDEN. N o. 2. One summer's morn I took a stroll Along with cousin Bill, And on a wall I saw nly first, Whose voice was loud and shrill. We Journeyed down the river side, It was my donsin's wish; And there I caught my next, which was A most deliclous'flsh. When I got home that evening, I turned to close the door; And there I saw what whole doth name A-creeping on the floor. POT H00L DOUBLE ACROSTIC., No. 3. Fouvdlation Words. If you these words correctly find, and every meaning trace, The initials and the finals will, when taken from their place, Name a great feast our Editor has given to his Folks., Wherein to place their riddles, puzzles, cons., essays, and jokes. Cross Words. Take the head from the person who complains to the law, And my first you may rcclkon you've found; My second in summer is useful, I'm sure, And in winter does greatly abound. My third is a town; take the map, if you please, And turn to the country of France: 'Tis a neat little place-you will lind it with ease If to Touraine you give but a glance. My fourth is an insect I fancy you know, In the earth you its dwelling may find : For my fifth to the province of Umbria go, To the south 'tis a little inclined. An address or prayer. transposed, is my next, In Italy my seventh appears; My eighth is a scream we use when we're vexed- Have you found out my secret, my dears P ANNZE NTANTON, Holloway, ENIGMA, No. 4. rm often in a churchyard seen, And sometimes by a cottage door: And when leheaded twice I've been, I'm double what I was before; And there's one reason why you should This riddle make out in a minute, And if you think it very good, You will not say there's nothing in it. W. W. TREASURE, Woodborough. METAGRAM. No. 5. What means to raise or vegetate If you will but decapitate, You then will have a sort of noise That's often made by vulgar boys. Please change my head, and this will be Part of a ship which ploughs the sean; Change bead again, and then, I weeu, An animal there will be seen. Please change once more, you will descry What's very far from being high : Again change hhidd, and you will view What very often reapers do. Last change head, and then, I wis, A lover often makes a this, And then he seals it with a kiss. Dear. friends, l've nothing more to say, Therefore I bid you all good day. J. W CHanwrclK. OMEGRAM. No. 6. To labour, first, you'll find, doth mean; What ladies use in next is seen; And.distant means my third, you'll see; Not thin, I know, my fourth will be ; A kind of elf or fairy this- Now tell rt what this riddle Is. Find out my first, and then change tail, You'llet the others without faiL. S 8myVsB5aR; .j,
DECAPITATIONS, No. 7. What means to endure if beheaded by you, A part of your person you will bring into view. J. D. O'RouaKE. No. 8. War causes much of this, I dread, So, riddler, cleave its gory head; Anud what a changel a cheering sound Will from the headless trunk rebound. F. W. BINSTE.D. REVERSIONS. No. 9. For my answer, I'm sure, you must work with your pate; Iror, direct, I'm a fruit; and, reversed, I'm a weicht. SIR LAUNORLOT. No. 10. What means a calm or shelter'd place, Dear riddler, try to find ; And then, 1 hope, a kind of fish Will dawn upon your mind. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness PROVERB REBUS, No. 1L F. W, PsTcHELL. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 12. When whole, I am unsuitable; But centre take away, And someth!ng that is single, then, This process will di play. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-FurneM, No. 13. I'm part of every flower. Of the rose and daisy wee, Of the violet and the primrose, And the blossoms on the tree. I may be part of merry bells, Whose chiming, sweet and clear, Like music dear from Paradise, Must greet the listening ear. EMILY M. CANTER, Bradford.
REBUS. No. 14. 0 ' I \( E. C. BMoIB. PALINDROME. No. 15. One who brings things forgotten to life once again ; Backwards and forwards the name reads the same. SIR LAUINOLOT, OCURTAILMENTS. No. 16. A place where troops assemble, If you will please curtail, A noted English river You will have without fail. B, ROBINsoN. No. 17. Entire, I am a small kind of boat; Curtail me, and bring into view What people, who deem themselves Witty and wise, Will often endeavour to do. MESSRS. BROOKS AND HOOD, St. John's Wood. LOGOGRIPHS, No. 18. I am a gaol bird ; change my head, A fruit is what I am instead; Which. if correctly you transpose, Another fruit will soon disclose. POT HOOK. No. 19. My first, transposed, is a well-known tree; Second a sweet-smelling flower you see; Now join these two, and if done aright, A place in Scotland will come to sight- Pretty, when seen by pale moonlight. LAURA A. HUDSON.
TRANSPOSITIONB. No. 20. Many children have my whole, And in thrm take delight; Transpose, and then a pestilence Will surely come to sight; The process, please, again repeat, You'll have what means to move the feet. H. BEYNON, Bristol. No. 21 Now, riddlers, take a word which means Too sluggishly to roam ; But if transposed aright, it names A short, pastoral poem J. bMYERS. Dalton-in-Furness. SQUARE WORDS. No. 22. My first, I trow, is an insect you know; An African river is second ; A Crimean battle in third you will see; A wild fowl, I think, last is reckoned. SiED TAYIOR. DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 23. My first is always seen in kite; And next an animal brings to sight; For my third a flower put down; The fourth will give an Irish town; My fifth is part of the human frame; And sixth a river will surely name; My last is found in the lake and sea; And 'tis also part of every tree. If my centrals are read aright, I trow, An Irish town and county they will show. POT HOOK. No. 24. My first is a letter in often, I ween; My second half animal, had bird, will be seen A Scottish town, now, is by you brought to light; '1 he wife of an emperor next, if guessed right. The fifth we receive with sorrow or smiles; And the next is the backbone of the tightest of isles; My seventh among cowards you often will find; My eighth clings only to those of weak mind. My centre's a maid whom you all would defend; And receive, for your trouble, my next at the end; You possess what comes after, if in your mind You deem that these words are hard to find. My twelfth, though prevailing, is not always right And then comes what generally reach a great height; We then treat of something 'tis by far best to pay; And my next, if not straight, is useless, you'll say. Then follows a something which most of us pet; And my final's a meal we seldom forget. Read from top to bottom, from left to right, And a Budget heroine comes to sight. MEssts. BROUUs AND HOOD, St. John's Wood. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Blue-bell Vane. 10.-'Tie darkest nearest 2.--Rec-re-a-tion. dawn. 3.-King-fisher. 11.-Prince. Thus: Peace, 4.-A shadow. Rose, Ivy, Neat. Cast, Eve. 5.-Drum, rum. 12.-Tram, arm, ma. 6.-Chair, hair, air. 13.-Crisis, Isis, is is. 7.-Uphrates. 14.-Sloe, aloe. 8.---Daisy, dais. 15.-Grace, race, ace. 9.-S Holland. Thus : SaiL, 16.-Fail, bail, mail, nail, pail. HydrA, ObaN, LunD. 17.-Cat, rat, hat, fat, eat.