Our friend JoHN G. LUMSDEN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. On the grey ramparts of a castle old The ivy clings; Far o'er its rurret-, 'neo tl a sun of gold, The skylark sings Songs that awaken in the human heart A never-dying love For Nat ire, who doth lavishly impart Her shadows of Above. There's something dwelling all about the place, hut can't be seen; And yet, by many signs that I can trace, Not long has been, For as I throuh he hoary rains pass Much doth this verlict give: " Youngsters have been.' And with the bairns, alasl 'rh:s something cannot live. JOHN G. LUMSDEN. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. A diamnond puzzle here Most plainly. oth ap noar, Composed ot seven parts, I'd have you know ; If centrals you will trace Fra apex unto base, A certain kind of animal they'll show. 4 letter now please write Fol first ; it's found in slight, 'Tis also seen in slilpery and slime ; In this. my worthy friend, All humain beings spend A considerable portion of their time. On this point all agreed, To third we will pl oo ed, Whibh is, you'll fink. an unpretentious shed : And fourth would make you cry "flave me ev, pleas I oh, lmy I" If by it you were cracked up)On the head. A bird my fifth will show, A foreign one I Lten ro-- Buti stop I It is a ware'"fowl. I ime In ; A v(Iotll I lre you'll view, 'l'is neither black nor bhlue, Nor is it white or yellow, pink or gren. A consounant froi Ithought Before your g tze is bro ght In last; and one thing more I've got t, say. If you will persevere, My puzzle, it is clear, Wi]l stand before your eyes as plain as day. E. B.r\ 'TIt, II DDEN RIDDLERS. Five faumous rid lcr. lie below, \Vh''se woorKS we c ll'it condemn No two-line pazzeers hmre. iou kUi r'v, llach work's a pernlc! gemu. Mr. Arabin's tea "'oesn't suit him to-night, For what. ran-on I re tily ca ,',el! ; He keeip ehloltingand bawling forr mIe with hils mnig!it. And impatiently pulling thel ball. I really believe lie is down in. the glu:ns, Dl)nnis Martin, at Ibast., t 'lls ie so ; In fact. he mrise be. for hle's all hIlrIr arldl minns, lld lih I's made poor Dennis to go. lie was lilina just now, so I,lhat ning, ran To see lwhat he walte I with rne ; I no sooner got in thaln lhe quickly began By saying that we could riot agree. " Well, well sir," said r," it needs no falling out, For I don't knqW t much want to stay. Lor' bless yon I Just pay me and then there's no doubt But I'll quickly be out of your way." He paid me b. throwing his boot at my bead, Wh ch mi-sd. and went flying ,novn stairs. Said he, 'You black imp, to-night wh -r you have fed, You shall go : so now none if your airs." MESSRS. WALKER AND eTEWARlT, Astley tIrc,:n. HIDDEN ARTICLI0S. I'm e±oeedingly pleased with our Young Folks for trying Theii' best t.o i prove ,ill the riddtl a p1 ipd here; So i've made orne ill. O, 'tis no use, denying ! he answers of this very illainl'y ap ailr. I never could ma' e a nut worth the cracking. Though. imayhap I next time may aohirve more succec ; I'll own too, to yoru.'tis not patience I'm lating. But a want of such words as my thoughts wmuld expres,. There's clever F. BIN-TEAD-a riddle offision By him 'tis a pleasure to read, I declare; But by mw, 'tis a matter creating con rusion, A biting of lip, rnd a tearing of hair. MTERS Of Dalton, Miss LOTTIE Of Brighton, Each of them gems and rdrorning tiis pa e: But in rec you're poesassing no gooderfil Crichton. And I should hardly presrume your time to engage WAr, KIMPNo . DECAPITATION. In a moment I'll wager You'll surely this see ; It will aid to support you, If shornof its t "It's cold " do I hear you Mnrprisingly say? If Co'Irse 'tis. yUI've e'n'"' Its head twice away. GE3OE Cr. LOGOGRIPIH. I nm a Christi'm name, But if you will csrta1l Wrr.it means to 'pnil or to decry You'!l rnae thand wi'hout fail; Tihe self-somr word please turn ar nund, An animal will then be ft end. ,.W ,~ C's !.I l.
CHAR ADS. No. 7. Alt I fair indeed is Alice Gray, And good is she, and kind. And lovely is her golden first, That trifles with the wind. Her beauty. gentleness, and wit Have gained her great renownu She has no rival fair, and is The second of our town. Sweet Alice Gray-alas for me- Will soon be wedded now; A simple, sweetly-scented wreath Of whole shall grace her brow. THOMAi LOntitAINE. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. Whole stoops and bends forward As if it would stumble ; Take from it its centre And down it will tumble. GEORGE G. SREUS No. 9. If rightly done, what means to rove .You'll e as plain as day.:. alnet.. I.OOOGI iPH. No. 10. A foreign produce please put d( wu, Tbeii take the head away, If rightly done, what means to rove You'll eee as plain as day. Now if N ou take my centre cut, In what is left behind A wicked passion surely will Rise quickly to the mind. THE HUNTING SPEAIR.
REVERSION. No. I1. This means to praise or to extol, But if you turn it round, A word expressing the number two I'm sure will then be found. JAMES BARN E'I SON, Charleston. P 3OVEIt1 REBUS. No. 12. F. W. PE OCHELL. ENIGMA. No. 13. Rough little boys who love to go Contrary to the stern command Of their protecting parents, know I hat I'm connected with the hand ; As lightning flashes fall upon The world, and fade upon the wind, I quickly come, and I am gone, And only leave a sting behind. Inexorable youngsters, who A bhor the pencil and the slate, Who shadder at the namie of '" school," And turn up usually late. Who bate arithmetic because It harasses the intellect, Can tell my nature and my laws Without retiring to reflect. And you my readers, who believe That kis ing isn't quite a sin, And does. as poets say. relieve The craving of the soul within, Have often caused me to arise In all my jerky emphasis, When, basking in your lady's eyes, You've sought the rapture of a kss. CHILD 01'O THIFE SE'N. Th rld n fd po h wnl
ACROSTICAL CHARADE. No. 14. A vehicle my first will be N ot seen in every town, N ow drawn by horses, now by steam; I is fame is of renown. E ach schoolboy has my next, I think ; S uch things they like to keep, T bough if it dies they seldom care, A nd very seldom weep. N ow, riddling friends, my whole declare, 'Tis in your house, no doubt; Often your feet have o'er it trod ; N ow try and find it out. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. CHARADE. No, 15 One morn, while walking by my first, I heard a doleful sound, The alarm-gun from a mariner, It echoed all around. The lifeboat manned by willing hands Is swift and strong to save ; It lands them safe upon my next, Close to a rocky cave. The captain stretched upon my whole, With broken spirit, lies He looks around, then sighs again, Then looks again-then dies. S. E. D. WEBB. LOGOGRIPHS. \ 16 By the ladies to many good uses I'm turned; If a letter be put to my tail. I am burned; But if .ou reduce me by cutting my tail. I become then connected with porter and ale. ARTHUR J. S. No. 17. My whole doth mean to act with force ; Reverse. at d you will find A man afflicted with disease Will soon be brought to mind. 1Now, reader, please the centre change, And, if 'tis done aright, The second great mechanic power Will surely come to light. Again reverse, and you will find A noisy feast I'll be; Now change the head, and then, I'm sure, What's even you will see. BLACKTHORN. OMRGRAM. No. 18. I've lost my first ; dear friends, what must I do ? Attention, and I don't mind telling you Of all the troubles that I've had to-day, Because my first took fright and ran away. While riding o'er to see a friend of mine, The weather turning out quite nice and fine, My first took fright, and then, you see, oh dear! Command I'd none ; I fairly shook with fear. A second bit was in its mouth ; but then It stood no chance, it might have keen naught, when We came across an incline which was third; My troubles then began, as you have heard. He threw me off his back. and then, my eye I I lost my first, which made me fret and cry; It i= a loss which scarcely I endure, A first like that again I'll ne'er procure. My woes I thought I'd tell to you to-day, And see if you had heard ought down this way ; But Seemingly no sympathy I've got, And little sympathy you'll show, I wot. But, ah I hi re comes some better news. What now ? "S r, I think that's your first up yonder brow." What I up that brow that is so third ? That's it; All right Good day, my friends; I'll now exit. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, astley Green. SQUARR WORDS. No. 19. If a man knocks you down into gutter and dirt, Blacks your eye, pulls your nose, and ne'ar asks " Are you hurt ?" You may rightly exclaim, as for vengeance you thirst, '" Look out, you great scoundrel, you villanous first l" '" is a mercy if next you come out of the fray, Or you ne'er would again see the stunshine of day; Should you summons the vagabond, you will agree That in third, neatly printed, the verdict you'll see. Oh, how gladly you'd fourth a great danger that's near, Threatening sorrow, destruction, and poverty's fear I You would wish you could lie and repose at your ease, Like the snug little birds in their fifth up the trees. A. BEWITT, Manchester, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 20. A consonant is first, I trow; And second will an insect show; While third, a country, greets your eye; And fifth a part of dress brings nigh ; My sixth's a sleep, though short, yet sweet; And last's a part of noonday heat ; While centrals. if they're read aright, An Afric b'rd will bring to sit ht. E. NUTTALL, Everton. TRANSPOSITION. No. 21 I am a measure all folks know, And very useful too And very small ; now turn around, And then it quickly will be found I am a part of you. FAUNA DEY, LOGOGRIPH. No 22. My whole is before you; Its centre delete, Transpose, and the r sidue Perhaps you can cat. GEOPUE G.
QUAIRE WORDS. No. 23. A part of tho apparel of a little botheration. A ho lost it in a quarrel o'er an awkward observation And having hunted round and round for it in great vexa. tion, Seeing it could not be found, went home in expectation Of a scolding fierce, or whipping sound, without commisera. tion. This article in Britain is of daily consumation. It makes men draw a funny phiz, and mars their conversa. tion : For it Some leave their work undone, so ose their situation. Those out of money soon do run, and soon into starvation. A very useful little tool, in use all through the nation, At home, in office.Court. and school.in every rank and station; If 'twere not for its friendly aid, on no consideration Could I this little verse have made, which claims your approbation. W. MUIR, Dorkinug. ANAGRAM. No. 24. iJca dan liJi twne pu hte lilh Ot befte a Iapi so twaer; Ckia mace nodw nda korbe ihs cnwor, Nad llil eacm btgnumil fatre. JOSEPH WHEATLEY, ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &C.. OF LAST WEEK. 1.- Reform-a-tory. 4.-Midleton. 2.- M 5.- I ob, bog. bow, boy, box. P I G 6.-Rose-bud. V I S OR 7.-Place, lace, ace. CHE S T E R 8-Honevborne. I MM GR NT 9.-Laval. MI S SGWENN IE 10.-Navan. L E I C I S T E R 11.-Fried, Fred. C A R N A G E 12.- Cripplegate. F U N N Y 13.-Leopard. G I N 14.-Cowper.Newton. Thus: E ChilblaiN. OrangE, IWar. 3.-Slavery, Freedom. Thus: saW. PlaneT, Ering0, Surk'. LoafeR ArguE, RaiN. VenicE, ED., RaO (oar), 15.-Stable, table, able. YaM. 16.-Sup-port. 17.--E D E N 18.-F ORTH 19.-W I E DOME OPERA IOTA EMMA RFBUS STAR NEAT TRUST EARS HASTE 20.- For pleasures are like poppies spread : You seize the flower, its bloom is shed; Or like the snowflakes in ttie river, A moment white, then gone for ever. 21.- Birds in their little nests agree, And 'tis a shameful sight When children of one family Fall out, and chide, and fight,