Our Little Folks' Own Puzzles.
San/iiils, East Patrade, h1yli, . tWalecs. DEAR Min. EDITOR,-I have written to you twice before, but my letters have not been printed. We are staying at Rhyl just now. It is a lovely place. The sea goes out quite half a mile, if not more. I have been to six other seaside places, and I like this better than any, except a small place in Scotland called Largo. Rhyl is not so large as you would think, but it is not a small place. There are about fifty bathing coaches, a good many swing-boats, and a long pier. There are a good many nice drives, too; one of the nicest is to the " Falls." There is a large lake, too, called the Marine Lake. I like LITTLE FOLKS very much, and I think " In the Long-Ago of the Bible" is going to be very nice.-From your little reader, MIATTIE ADAM (Aged Io.). 86, Wlood Vale, Honor Oak, London, S.E. DEAR MR. EDITOR,--[ have taken in LITTLE FOLKS for more than a year, and like it very much indeed. My favourite tales are " Running Away to School " and " A Self-willed Family." I have one sister, named Olive, and she has tried the " Jumble Puzzle," but she does not think she will succeed. We have only one pet, and that is a cat; we have had her for seven years, and we are very fond of her. We once had a French play at school, and I was dressed as a miner-I did not take a principal part in it at all. On July s5th
we had a play called The Pietyd PAer. We went to see Miss Ghita Corri prima donnas wedding on Wedneday. She has a lovely voice, and she sings at the Crystal Palace. Hoping to see this letter in print, I remain, your interested reader, DOROTHY SHOOBERT (Aged 14). Go!o/kofka, S. Russia. DEAR MR. EuIToR,-I have written to you once before, but have not succeeded in having my letter printed in LITTLE SOLuS. I have taken in your delightful magazine for six years, and I find it the nicest in the world. We are now living in our grandpapa's country place, which is called Golofkofka and is very hilly. On my last birthday Mother gave me a tortoise, but when we went to our aunt's estate I was obliged to leave it there with three other tortoises that were caught in the pond. We travel a good deal about, and this winter we hope to spend in Rome. I have never yet been in Italy, so I am looking forward to this trip with great pleasure. Hoping, dear Mr. Editor, that you will find this letter good enough for LITTLE SOLiS., I remain, your interested Leader, DADIA I'ERESTCHENKO (Aged is). P.S.-Here is a riddle I made up : When can girls be of use in building houses? When they are "buicks."