Our friend SirInAzA to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. ° Oh." said young Johnny Gibbs, one day, When meeting Sammy Hurst, "Dome in this field beside the way, And let us have a first." "A first!" said Sammy. " What is that ? I'm surb I cannot tell." " Oh, dear." said Johnny, "what a fiat! 'Tis what four letters spelL" "Four letters spell so mhany things, That is no guide at all. It might be lout, or bird that sings, Or tree, or moor, or walL" "Well, since your wits are all so dull, I'll tell you something more To force the notion through your skull, Whcro one ne'er was before. 'Tis what you see on every barque That sails upon the sea: And what boys do who want a lark, And men in rivalry." But 'ammy still looked quite perplexed, And vainly scratched his head. " That kind of talking makes me vexed; Let's have a next," he said. "A next! Why. Sam, whatever's that ?" Cried Johnny. puzzled sore; And now he looked as great a flat As Sammy looked before. Then Sammy smiled : for in his heart He was right glad to see That Johnny Gibbs, with all his art, Could still quite puzzled be. " Why, next," he said, ' is what we do On river and on sea, And sometimes see 'mongst neighbours, too; 'l is spelled with letters three." These small parts joined, my reader dear, Mly whole will brine to view- A little b:rd which all the year Is seen by me and you. PROVERB REBUS. SPERANzA. No. 2. S F. W. P.TCflLL, DECAPITATIONS. No 3. What means to move if you behead, A vessel you will have insth ad. J. A, STEVENs. No. 4. If a hero oft getting in scrapes you behead, A part of a whip it will be; Agan .behead this, and plainly instead 'Twill show you a very fine tree . ANINIE STANTON, Holloway. PALINDROME. No. 5. MAy whole doth live a godly life. Secuded from this sinful world, Who undergoes much pain and strife, And never from its sex unfurled. This person, who's both true and good, Yet many people at it leer: It goos about with clock and hood, Yet never leaves its home so drear. This word, I'm sure, will always be One that's clear, and yet so strange; For read me either way. and see That there's not the slightest change. O. FERNBANKS, Oxford. ENTGMA. No. 6. Pm a sound and a substance, I'm active and still; I'm seen and I'm heard over valley and hill; Like music I fall on a true huntsman's ear. Yet thousands on hearing me tremble with fear; I abound in the force's abroad and at home, 1 nd glide o'er the ocean in every zone: For a trade of import-ance I've principal call In converting material used by us all. W. E. HOLMES, Bayswater. CURTAILMENTS. No. 7. A female's name my whole will declare; Curtail, and you'll have what means to impair; Again curtail, and you nill see One much loved by you and me. H. BEYNON, Bristol. No. 8. When whole. I'm to survey; But when of tail bereft, To strive. or emulate, There surely will be left; And now curtail again. There will be left but-two; Yet if you add two more, Then eight 'twill bring to view. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness.
4CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 9. The centre from a wild beast take, What's left will quickly show The guns upon a man-of-war When placed in a row. J. MYiRs, Daltona-n-Furness. No. 10. For first please track An A frionn black; Delete the centre, and see That an emperor's name, It is of fame, My next will surely be. C. FERNBANKS, Oxford. METAGRAMS. No. 11. A part of your face if you change head, A part of your leg you'll have instead. 8. FRANKLIN,Dublin. No. 12. A kind of fish if you'll change head, A vehicle you will have instead; Change head again, and you will find Game stealing is quickly brought to mind. POT HOOK. No. 13. A kind of oil If you change head. What we are now 'twill show instead. SILVERSTAR. REVERSIONS. No. 14. A place of sale if you turn round, A covered car will then be found. J. A. STEVENI. No. 15. Direct or reverse you may read me, ye brave: One way a boy's name, the other a cave. Slit LAUNCELOT. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS, No. 16. 7" G. WILLIs, Cork. ACROSTIC. No. 17, Foundation Word. The initials of my cross words will name The man who wrote "The Temple of Fame." Oross Words. When puss is pleased you oft may hear Her give a gentle this; A well-known foreign fruit we eat My second is, I wis A kind of wine that comes from Spain My next w 11 to you show; And last's a famous English school,- it's name you surely know. TOR. CHARADES. No. 18. Put down for first a girl's name; For second, a colour bright; Now join these two together, And a king will come to. ight. F. KNIO'r. No. 19. I am too young to marry yet, At least, my parents tell me so ; But not too young to do my first, At fifteen and six months, you know. But when I'm a next, then I may, With my papa's consent, get wed; He'll also buy for me a last, Tlhat I with foreign lands may trade. BHATER BEAG, Darlington., No. 20. One morn, as I was idly straying Through fields and meadows wet with dew, A lovely first I noticed playing 'Mid primroses and violets blue. 'Twas clad in robes of snowy whiteness, A second warm was on its head. With swansdown tricimed, and pretty frillings, And made of cashmere bright and red. My whole's a time of joy and pleasure, Of p: ace anl innocence and love, When our path is strewn with brightest flowers, And choicest blessings from above. E. NORTON, London.
DOUBLE ACROBTIO. No. 2L Foundation Words. Behold these 'mid the honoured throng Who fame have won through lofty song. Cross Words. Performed, surprise it does excite; A precious stone, if I am right; All Nature's changes this obey; A flower's here, 'tis somewhat gay; Find now a fruit, 't's round, I think; Lastly a mythologic drink. GEORGE G. TRANSPOSITIONS. GEORGE No. 22. If you transpose a kind of tree, A mass of stone you'll quickly see. SoT HOOx, No. 23. Transpose my first, a story see: Transposed again, a bird 'twill be: I Transposed once more, and you will find I'm very apt to be behind: For next, if you the pronouns trace, You'll find I there have got a place'; My whole you get from horse and cow, From sheep and goat as well, I trow ; And then you use me night and day, And trend upon me as you stray. W. GARBUTT, Darlington, LOGOGRIPHS. No. 24. Part of a bird Behead and transpose, And a strong spirit It will thendlsclose. F. KNIOHT. No. 25. What some men enjoy after supper, Yourng riddlors, behead and transpose, And what I to-day had for dint er To you it will surely disclose. BHEATER BEAG, Darlington. PROVERB REBUS. No. 26. E. M., r ublin. OMEGRAM. No. 27. Now take a useful article, And kindly change the tail, A mass of metal,then. I'm sure, To see you will na t fail. The change repeat, you then will have An article of food ; Again please change, 'twill name a box Th:.ts often made of wood. Again repeat the change, it then In fruit is often found; Then change again, you soon will view A hollow in the ground J. MvEns, Dalton-in-Furness. VERBAL CHARADE. No. 28. My first is with the deowdrop, yet never with the dew ; With all sweet flowers my next is seen, and they are not a few; 'My third is found in east or west, which way you like to scan; No being doth possess my fourth, yet 'tis found with every man; With every season of the year my fifth it takes one-third ; My sixth is always found with you, at least, so I have heard; With royalty my next is found, and takes a foremost place; My last you cannot fall to see in every human race. These letters, when penned down aright, will bring into your sight A word of which the meaning is not sorrow, but delight, J. COCKAYNF, Gloucester. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Colour. 11.-Bent, rent, pent, Lent, 2 -Treasures. Thus: Ter- sent., mngant, Repartee, Estuary, 12-.Gil, mill, pill, bill, Arcade, Somnus. Union, rill. Rajah, Epitome, Saveloy. 13.--Exe. 3.-Perobh, peach, dace. 14 -Pop. 4.-Tor, ort, rot. 15.- Otto. b.-Mary, Myra. 16.-Strike, strife, stride, 6.-Lyons, Ghent. Thus : strive, strict, stripe, string. LeG, YarmoutH, OrangE. 17.--Bdget budge. YeN, SporT. 18.-Plane, plan. 7.-Spear, pear, ear. 19.-Down.-'atrck, 8.-Clash, lash, ash. 20.-Tell-tale. 9.-Helm. e!m. 21.-P:;int, pant, 10.-Don't carry all your eggs 22.- Coral, coal. in one basket, 28.-Droop, drop.