Our friend H. C. LEONARD to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1.' Foundation Words. Pressed down by primes, we vainly seek To travel on through life; They strive upon the poor to wreak Dooeep misery and' strife. But, cheered by finals' qniek'ning ray, We reck not primtals' pow'r, And conquer, though upon-our way The darkest olouds may lower. Cross Words. We all should this those who are dead, And speak of them with truth, Not raise a this above their head, As some oft do, forsoothi It does this on the humaunu mind W hoen we are doing wrong; And this you will most surely find The feolualo sox among. I, C., LEONARD. POLYPIIONE. No. 2. FIRST. Once on a Itime, so runs the tale, A negro lad, with visage sad, In bondago did his fate bewail, His fortune bad. Each day appeared, with wlhip and brand, The overseer, with wicked leer; Each day they felt his cruel haud, iIis blows severe. One day, without the slightest cause, Ilo gave poor Dick a brutal kick, 'lThlo on iin rained a shower of blows With heavy stick. lick's smould'ring courage, with a bound, For once arose, and nwith just cause, lie felled the monster to the ground, With broken nose. Now, thus to first as Dick had done \VWas death or worse, so now, perlorce, 'Twas only loft for him to rtun-- Ilis only course. SECOND. And so he ran with all the speed That iatuiro had to him decrced, A second, fugitive indeed- But whore to run ? Ilis prospects suroly were not bright., No friends, no shelter, and the niiht, With liasteuin' steps obscured the light- His salrongth near done Blut ,,ortuno's wheel for once turned o'er In poo1)00' Dick's favour, for the shore Loomed into view just on before, And to his joy, A noble ship at anchor lay, To which he bout his steps straighltwy, And for compassion loud did pray, Th'le negro boy. Brave Captain Blake could not deny The tearful, supplicating cry, But took the lad and stowed him by, For nmercy's sake. And though poor D)ick had beon a slave, lie grew to be ia sailor brave, And lived to save from wateory gravo Good Captain Blake. J. MniYEtS, Dalt1on.in.Furucss. 3IIETAGR AIZ. No. 3. It was the middle of the night, And I lay sung in bed, W hen suddenly a glare of light O'er all my room was shed. I firstl, and to the window went, Looked out in wild surprise, And saw a blazing mill that sent (led lamesh up towards the skies. I dreesced in haste, then down stairs flew, Finor iul hingr then I stayed, lut quickly gloomly streets ran thruoa;!m To where the fire brigade Their engines and their second kept, And soon my tale I told. The men and I on engines Ieapt, And towards the mill we rolled. When we got there the second long We fixed secure and right, Thou jets of water poured among The Ilanoes that shone so brighr/t. Butl while I ran about in h:astu To do what help I could, Unwittingly myself I placed Before a second's flood. Upon my face the water flashed, And on imy tender third. In all its mighty strength it dashed, While my loud crios were heard. I tumbled, fahinting, to the ground, And, I suppose, halL dead, For I knew notlhing till I found Myself at home in bed. And rmnny a fourth old Doctor Young;; Of physic gave to me T'o make me well again and strong, As once I used to bo; And often, as in bed I lay, My mind was filled with ire, Which made me, full of anger, say I'd no'er 'gain watch a dir'. C. A. Ciano,. CIIARAD I. No. 4. MTy l''s at wa,'r'ing places fioould; Untidy paths with neoxt abound. Aul now, uy flrinilds, lplease list to inn, My whole grows unudlorucneatl the sea, C'orliE.
ENIGMA. No. 5. Though few we are, great are our powers, The business of the world is ours; We can your secrets tell or keep; At our command you laugh or weep. Ten thousand thousand changes prove Our power in hatred or in love. Without us, learning could not live, Nor Science all her treasures give, Nor Dickens had attained-his throne, Nor Thackeray's vivid thoughts been known. So small we are that we can lie Within the compass of a die; Or we can stretch our grimy faces, And make men tremble for their places. But if we prate till time should fail, We'd ne'er have done our wondrous tale; Though we have lived for ages past, For ages more we still shall last. JuDY CALLAGHAN. PROVERB REBUS. No. 6. ~-- J. C. SrOKOE. REVERSION. No. 7. To separate My first will state; But if you turn it round, What means to lure Will then, I'm sure, By all of you be found. J. G. LAMBET.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. For first, dear riddlers, please a herb to find-- A well-known herb-in soups 'tis ever seen; Now careful must you be if you've a mind A sapient riddler to become, I ween. Behead me next, what then is left, 'tis true, Will what an oral treaty means disclose- A conversation, which, I know, by you Will soon be rightly guessed, and so the close. J. CnARLES, Belfast. REBUS. No. D. .-xi,.vr SARAH MAY, Peckhban, LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. A hunting dog, if you behead, Will yield to you a bird instead; Behead, transpose, and, believe me, you, What's feared at sea will come in view; Again transpose, unless quite blind, Part of the body you will find. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 11. Please a forest first discover; When you in the centre fair Add a letter, dear Sphinx lover, See, the universe is there ! J. CHARLES, Belfast. PALINDROME. No. 12. Just take a first at this my con, Turn round, and if you do, The very same you'll see, upon My word. Dear friends, adieu. ADMIETUS AND IANTIIE, SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. First take what in rings you often see; For my next write down a certain tree; Then for my third find an English queen; And in last a kind of onion's seen. C'oncon.DIA,
ACROSTIC, No. 14. Foundation Word. Primals a pretty flower name. Now do your best and find the same. Oross Words. In nearly every English bower, In summer.time, is seen this flower. A part of this our human frame I think my next will surely name. Now, riddlers, please bear this in mind, You must for third a girl's name find. A map of England please take down, And then find out this well-knowi town. A mineral dug from the ground; In England 'tis chiefly found. If this is found aright by you, A Christian name will come to view. ALBEiT E. U,. CHARADE. No. 15. My first a foreign title is. I think I'll give a clue: If you have ever been in Spain, It will be known to you. My second is a handy thing, Of metal'tis composed; A small but useful article To keep your doors fast closed. My whole's an ill.used animal Which is well known to you; So, hoping you will solve this con., I bid you all adieu. DOLLY, Deptfoid. LOGOGRIPH. No. 16. An English town for first indite; Behead me, if you can, Then substitute a semi.vowel, And a rambler you will scan, If my head again you sever, I'll a preposition be, Till with a dental I am crowned, And then a strait you'll see, Which separates two countries, Where two waters do commix, Through which, perhaps, I'll travel Ere my years are twenty.six. ANON., CENTRAL DELETIONS, No. 17. An insect in one of its states My whole it surely shows; Take centre out, and, I've no doubt, It from a mountain flows, S. RoaBNsoN, No. 18. For whole put down a kind of crown; The centre please delete, On a wet day, I think you'll say, You see this in the street. W. PFEIFFER. DECAPITATIONS. No. 19. Without my whole our sailors dread To cross the treacherous sea; If from it yqu but take its head, A kind of deer will then appear, Whose step is light and free; Behead again, and in its stead A gift so rare that all declare Its holder great to be. ANon. No. 20. Where'er I rule supreme o'er good Discomfort must be rife; Behead me, though I am not food, You live on me through life. W. KEAREEY, Bootle. ENIGMA. No. 21. I'm brimful of spirit; I hail from the west; Some deem me a blessing; some think me a pest; Yet Punch you could read not, or flavour your bowl, Without owning of both I'm the life and the soul. C. BussEY. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 22. Soyb so ritips, yosb so ilwl, Soyb so esclum, nairb, dan woepr, Tfi to opce twih naynight- Sehet ear ntewad ryeev rohu. W. E. ATBiNSOn. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Wild-flower. RegulaR, MicrdscopE, 2.- AC 11 IEVE YelL. PAGAN 7.-Me. P EG 8.-Govinda, Godiva. L 9.-Marston Moor. ALE 10.-Coal. N A B 0 B 11.-Chair, hair. D¢ E S T I N Y 12.-Decors.on. 13.-Con.quest. 3.- F E A T 14.-Pea.cock. ENV Y 15.-MIy.self. AVON 16.- HARRY TYNE TEN 4.-- P B URN FUN PRUNE SUSAN P Ii U S S I A 17.-Stool, tool. B I 8 0 N 18.-Rail, liar. L I A 19.-Noise, nose. A 20.-Ada. 5.-Eden, den. 21.- I D 0 L 6.-Stormy Petrol. Thus: N 0 SE StriP, TradE, OutskirT, G L E E 22.- To kinder skies, where gentler manners reign, I turn; and France displays her bright domain, Gay, sprightly laund of mirth and social ease, Pleased with thyself, whom all the world can please,