Our friend T. L. HEMERY to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAG RtAM. No. 1. Oh, rlddler, good riddler, wilt list to my tale. And render transparent da, k Myster 's a el ? "Oh, yes ; to y-iur tal I attention will pay. And leave your dart words in the clear light o' day." Oh, riddler, keen riddler, when bugles they b ow. By the hunter's side bounding, oh. him did you view ? " Oh, yes; on through brake and through bramble he tIre; On, after the stag that went flying before.' Oh, riddler, good riddler, and saw you it nIt On the battle field round you, where thick fell the liot ? h, yes; and I watched as the crimson Llteflluw'd, Whilst the warrior's eye withi bright victory glow'd." Oh, riddler,'cute riddler.and have you ne'er heard In this noisy existence what formeth my thrd ? ' Oh, yes: I have heard it, so gelt le and low, When the breeze 'mong the branches at ev'uing did bluw." Oh, riddler, brave riddler, wuldst care this to be, Or rather be fetterless, chain less, and free ? " Oh yes; o'er the world I would roams unconfln'd; I coul . not boar the bonds that poor prisoners bud." Oh. EditorEditor, loved well by all, Oh, leave 7at my con. 'neath oblivion's pall I One glance of approval but deign to allow, One favouring smile on your servant bestow. T. L. IIEMItRY. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 2. I feel so jolly, jolly ; Yes, away with melancholy, For a day like this ia follow should be out. It a carriage 3 on require. There are waggonettes to hire. Yes, that's the proper way to go about. Now I'm going to see a fellow Who has wed our Isabella. Who now keeps a t ipe ,nd trotter shop in town. I shall go there in a carriage That our BIlla had at Imar ri.ge,. Which was borrowed from a fell-,w named Brown. Did you ever think of Iorln r When he stuck up in it corner Eatie plums enough to make a fellow cry ? Well, th t's Justthe cas with h Bobby (Tlh.ts myself) stuck in the I bhits Eating sister Belli's tripe and u, otter pie. Whenu myself I've e',joyed proper, I won't spend lnoth r olper', But houme t-o Mrs Banuior's I will go; And I'll go back to the slice Writing out t ose l twye s' copIes, And get ready for next summer-yes, just sol M1ESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green; DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. My riddling young friend, if you will attend To me for the space of a minute, A puzzle I'll give, as sure as 1 live, Aud leave you to guess what is In it. For lirst please-but stay 1 I I cally must say A thing I'd forgotten to tell you. The centrals, you'll find, will bring to your mind A p.rson most likely to " sell " you. For first now please take a letter from sloke, Found also in last. and solicit; A well-known word here is mentioned 'tis clear- A pronoun, to be more explicit. A part of a p'ant in this, you will grant, Is given-I daresay you know it. A tasculine name (y iu ve oft hoard the sane)- My fourth will mo-t rapidly show it. If this you guess right, you'll witness a light- A candle, to pl riner express it.; Without number six I'd b,, in a fix Which you will admit when you.guess it. A consonant here in last will appear, Which you from my name must u-travel; And now I , ill say ''"a very goo day," For off to my home I must travel. E. BAXTER. 'DOUBLE AOROSTIO. No. 14. Foiielation Words. Primals and finals two heroes put down Who inpast, ages gained renown. Cross Words. One who has gained a mighty fame This appellation he may claim. A famous country this you'll see, Whose people always will be free. A martyr in a noble cause, Whose fate, I hope. will ne'er be yours. A mineral dug f,-om the ground, In-Eugland'tise chiefly foun . An American president's Christian name, Whose gallant deeds have gained his fame. A quantity of water you will view; A colour 'twill also show to you. If this is found aright by you, A Christian name will come to view. These are always seen at night, But never in the'noonday's light. J. PA ISI. MONOPHONE. No. 5. I live in woods of sylvan green. I mingle i ith my kind-the deer- But feel, in spite of graceful mien, Tintiity ;.nd fear. My plces is in the throbbing breast, Or h -rd or gentle I may be;' But neither bird, nor anan, nor beast Exists devoid of me. T. LORRAINE,
REVERSION. No. 6. If you would ascertain my name, You'll find I'm very much to blame, And have need. too, for tears ; Reverse me, and I'll spit < n you, Cast hanterings, and insults too, And load you with my Jeers. GEORGE G. DECAPITATION. No. 7. Aboy's Christian name behead, and lo I As if by magic, you will see Part of your body. Is it so ? The truth I've told, that you can see. J. BETHEL. Pendleton. LOGOGRIPI. No. 8. Deprive an English town of tall, And afterwards transpose, If rightly done, a town in France The answer will disclose. J. BROWN, Haigh. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUB. No. 9. SPERA TUS. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 10. Now, friends, with me pray sympathize, For I have just been ill. A hansom did with me capsize And cause a pretty spill. And I the kerbstone tried to butt, But the result-well, it was cut. '1 he kerbstone ? No. my head, of curse, As you may well surmise. And I, too, hit it with such force It swelled a pretty size. The doctor came, and said that I Wa, badly hurt, and soon might die. He patched it up (my head again), And on it put some whole. And. oh I for days I had srch pain From that unlucky fill At length the doctor said that he Could me whole when from centre fr p. J. MIYEtR, Daltnli in S-i r',cs.
REBUS. -o. 11. T. GILMORE, Belfast. ACROSTIC. N'o. 12. Foundation Words. My primals name a hero bold, Who did such valiant deeds, He who slew giants without fear, And rode high-mettled steeds. Oross Words. This country you will soon find out, It is in Europe without doubt; If you will very closely look, You'll see my next i- on this book; For third this watering-pl Tceyou'll see ; A mountain stream the next will be; Mly fifth's a luscious fruit, I ween ; For last a spirit will be seen. F. KNIcnT, Herne Hill. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. Part of a poem is my whole, I ween, The centre please delete And a Roman censor of renown Your eye will surely meet. BL CKTIIORN.
POLYPHONE. No. 14. FIRST. Come, pass a vote of thanks, young friends, And give a hearty cheer To T. L. HEMERY, who sends This change of puzzle here. He took the first, and with great pains omposed a clever con.; 'TIs through his kindness each one gains The means to follow on. INTERLUDE. T wo words, each possessing (As you may be guessing) Similar letters, in number the same; A ni to aid your solution Of this contribution. Each of the words has a different name. SECOND. The example Set, let's strive to make Our voices heard here, too; The Editor will see we take All honour when 'tis due; But, mind .the use of next discard, Or you will quickly find The con. on which you worked so hard Most thankfully declined. WAL KIMPTON. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 15. No chance to-day of going out- Oh. dear I how fast it rains 1- And so I think I'll set about To puzzle all your brains. And now, dear friends, both great and small. If you'll attention pay, You soon will find that to you all This riddle's clear as day. Whole bounds Great Britain all around, Although 'tis not the sea; Between it and the land 'tis found; Pray think what it can be. Now, please from whole the centre take, Before your eye 'twill bring, When it is done without mistake, The price of anything. No longer now your minds I'll tire, For I've no more to say, But for the present I'll retire, And wish you all good day. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. DECAPITATION. No. 16. First is a luscioun. Juicy fruit, I daresay liked by you; Behead me, and a kind of Feed Will now appear to view ; Again bring forth the axe and block, And-what a curious thing!- Instead of flowers or fruit, from seed An animal will spring. AGOIE, Sligo. CHARADE. No. 17. Mlv first belongs to every one. I've ne'er seen one without it ; My second makes man shudderlong, And no mistake about it; My next's a letter very small, We could not do without it; My whole is wild and greatly prized Because 'tis hard to catch it; And if for use you've not enough, 'Tis most hard work to match it. FAUNA DEY ENIGMA. No. 18. In battle I a place can take, And make the sturdy foeman quake ; I'm found in meadow, dell, and field ; The corn to me doth often yield. In the grasses also I abound; In habitations I am found; In the king's palace this you see; Now, riddler, find a name for me. HENRY WOODGATES. LOGOGRIPH, No. 19. On seeing this puzzle, I guess you will say 'Tis not very this, and despise it; Decapitate, then and transpose the right way, Here's a lord, who perhaps will revise it. GE ROE G. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 20. Upon a ship 6, 5, 2, 4 Is seen as well as on the shore; Also in 3, 5, 2; Likewise 6, 5, 1, 2, 4, 3 Goes out with every ship to sea; So does 6, 5,1, 2. So now, enough of 1 4. 5, We'll now have something that's alive, As 3. 5, 2 will show; An animal is 8, 5, 6; And, hoping on its name you'll fix, So is 6, 5, 3, 4. 1, 2,4, 5, 6 useful Is; A boy's name 1, 5, 6, I wis; Likewise is 6, 5, 2. 3, 5, 2,4 implies to scold: 4, 5, 3, 1 have young and old, 5,1, no doubt, have you. I'll guess you'll 1, 2, 5, 3, 4 If I now tease you with much more, So p'raps I'd better end; My whole's a stream of letters six, So, friends upon the answer fix, And to the Y. F. send. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness.
LOOOGRIPH. No. 21. When whole, I am a solemn oath, But if you'll change my head, A very useful animal You'll find you have instead. And now, if you will change my tail, A cradle you will see : Curtail me now, and then you'll have A term for company. Two TALKATIVE P aRh1OTS ANSWERS TO RIDDLESS, &o0. OF LAST WEEK. 1.--Solitude. 15.-Sea-shore. 2.- L 18.-Tape, taper, tap. B E D 17.-Repel, leper, lever, revel, HO V E L level. PO L E AX E 18.-Steed, steel, teep. HEION 19.- SATAN RF' I) ALIVE T TIMEs 8.-Binstead, Lumsden, A V E R T Grant, Taylor, Kimpton. N E s T S 4 -Pot, pin, pan, dish. 20.- P 5.-Trice, rice, ice. B E E .--Mary, mar, ram. W A L E S 7.-Hare-bell. P E L I C A N 8.-Droop. drop. OC S 9--Postillion. N A P 10.-Orange, range, rage. N 1l.--Laud, dual. 21,-Inch, chin. 12.-What can't be cured, 22.-Paper, pear. must be endured. 23.- C A P 13.-Smack. A L E 14.-Car-pet. P B N 24.- Jack and Jill went up the hill To fetch a pail of water : Jack came down and broke his crown, And Jill came tumbling after.