OUR PRIZE ENIGMA COMPETITION.
We have awarded the prize to- AnTIURn BorTON, aged 1.5, Amberley Grove, Leeds. Next in order of merit was- ARTHUR CiusnoLar, St. Martin's, Colchester. And we beg to honourably mention- Amy Bevor Ilingham; Morgan Meredith; Alfred Gregory; W. Mayer; and H. S. Skipton. The following sent correct solutions to the Enigma:- William Baker; Florence Balgarnie; Arthur A. Banes; Charles Bazell; Annie Beech; Annie Branson; Bessie Woodward Brown; William E. Gwynne; Alma Hathaway; Thomas Jones ; Alfred Kirk; William T. Lawson ; William Mountain; Cissie Nagle; G. Payne; J. D. Robinson; Evangeline St. Clare; W. P. Slaughter; A. Sweet; Mary Tagert ; Amy Tratman; J. A. Walker; Caroline M. Walters; Meta White; W. E. Williamson; Annie L. Wood; Emma Davey; F. Miller; H. E. Hatton; J. G. Day; T. J. Diss. PRIZE ENIGMA-" IJMPORTUNITY." (First.) To heap with luxury, and crown with wealth; To spread abundance for promoting health Within Britannia's isolated land, Each country yields its treasures to her hand. From desolate Siberia's barren plain, Down to the isles which stud the southern main ; Far as explorers dare to penetrate, Each country, kingdom, clime, and petty state, Rich merchandise on wealthy England pours, And she the IMPORT welcomes to her shores. (Second.) Alas ! one thing is more to be desired Than all the wealth to which she e'er aspired; Oh that men's hearts no more with malice burned, And glittering swords to pruning-hooks were turned; That bloody feuds no direful vengeance sought, And wars and strife ne'er occupied their thought ; But nobler feelings swelled within each breast, When evil passions all were lulled to rest, And every discord was removed away, And UNITY held unremitted sway ! ( Whole.) Seek then the merchandise of peace and love, For this the rarest luxury will prove; The sweets of Araby ne'er equalled this, Nor can earth's jewels be compared to peace. Beseech of Him from whom all blessings ilow, This ever-needful mercy to bestow. Ask with unceasing zeal, and still believe That if ye ask aright ye shall receive; Then He to whom your prayers ye thus address, Your IMPORTUNITY will greatly bless. ARTHUR BOLTON. OUR HANDWRITING PRIZES Have been well contested.. There were no less than 650 competitors; 214 of.whom were girls, and 436 were boys. After careful examination of the specimens we have awarded THE LADY'S CLOAK OR MANTLE to- ANNIE JANE COOPER, age 15, 22 Cauonbury square, edu- cated at home ; and MESSRs CASSELL, PETTER AND GALPIN'S GUINEA BOX OF COLOURS to- W. W. FLETrcnIE , age 14k, 8 Richmond Park Terrace, Richmond Hill, educated at the City of London School. We beg to commend the following for the excellence of their writing :- Annic Inskip Potton ; Charlotte lT. A lien; Hope A lle ; Mfadcline AlleCn; Julia Bailey; Martha Ann Welch; S. Jihodes. Edwin Tonks (very excellcnt;) Samuel R2. Earl; John Balshaw; .Sidney Fell; William Brownson.; Alexander Gardner; Robert Charles Thorne; Charlcs Land.
One incident in the competition pleased us so much that we cannot but make it public. A lady connected with a village Sunday School near Plymouth sent several specimens from the girls attending the Sunday school, with the following remarks :- " Our superintendent wished aur children to try for your prize for best writing, and has offered if neither gets it to give a prize himself. Our school is very small, and our children have but few advantages, as there is no good day school in the village." We heartily commend this example to superintendents of country Sunday Schools as a means of interesting their scholars during the week. The children would thus have the interest of a twofold competition; and the exercise would afford employment for many an hour. The same plan might be adopted with many, of our various competi- tions. We beg to offer Two HIANDSOME PRIzES, One for competitors under 15, and the other for competitors under 18 years of age, for the best account of A VISIT TO THE COUNTRY AT CHRISTMAS. Papers must not contain more than 2,000 words. Must have the name, age, and address of the writer on the top of the first page; and must be sent.to the Editor, Ipost paid, by March 24th. Competitors are requested to observe that all separate papers must be fastened together ; and that stamps must accompany those papers that are desired to be returned. We also offer Two HANDSOME PRIZES, one for compe- titors under 15, and the other for competitors under 18, for THE BEST ENIGMA, OR CHARADE. Papers must contain name, age, and address of compe- titors, and must be sent in by March 21. We offer" " THE FInsT HEROES OF THE CROSS," by the Editor of "Kind Words," for the best solution in verse of THE FOLLOWING CHARADE. Competitors to be under 16. Solutions to be sent to the Editor, with name, age, and address of competitors at the top, by MJarch 21. We have given a very simple charade and have limited the age to 16 that most of our readers may try their powers. "While critics lavish words upon, The heights of classic Helicon ; Or noisy disputations bring To Hippocrene's sacred spring ; We'll bid the lively numbers roll, In honour of my singing whole. Its brisk and animating strain, Bids thirsty subjects hope again." Thus spake facetious Joseph Pratt, At whose well-furnished board I sat, Attentive to my worthy host; While he prepared to make the toast. Much he enjoyed my first, I know, With brandy in it ? Not for Joe; He thought the man a senseless wight, Who thus indulged his appetite. " Forth from my second's spout," said he, "Flow streams of fresh vitality, Streams that shall wash away the stain Of '1Barleycorn's' inglorious reign. Streams to o'erwhelm the "-" Hold ! " I cried, "You'll burn the toast I'm satisfied, Consider, Joe, I long to sup The non-inebriating cup."