.,ur fricud F. W. P.ET- _ELL to.'la takes the lead in he RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CIIARADES. Io. . On" day, of mtost uucert::in date- Wh(ll earth was green, and to its mate 'T'he riugdovo would its tale relate Of love for over true- Tom stroll'd down to the ivat' i's side, A nd hired a boat which he esoied; ills darling with to first and gldte Aloug the waters blue. It was no glassy stream that shone, It was no river gliding on, Tor si ver lake with snow-white swan, And distant sail!"g barge in; But filthy froth ntd c rks did flout And eddy rauund his llllvillg 1i at, (Like wreckaso on a shore remote), Near tio canal's dark margin. " A ocean lifo was meant f,, ,r me; For what's s) bound'ess or so) free As that dark ''leliinct - the sea ? Ilowe'eCr, trust this boat'll Convey 1110 salcly 1) lk to s eto," lie tlholught. lcih 11111d then grasp'd an oar (They'd never handled one beIfor), And thrust 'eer through the total A zigzag course was his, you'd say, Had you but seen him on that day; To right, then quite another way The boat did ever veer. Still did Tom first and onward went 'J he light craft througlh the element Until his boyish force was sooent, And seconds did appear, A bar to farther progress. Now A light wind faun'd '" our hero's" brow I Then, waxing flrious struck I lhe prow, And carried off his hat: While waved his seconds in tile wind, le, rueful, view'd his hat behind A vessel of a smaller kind- A boat with bottom fiat. Their frelghted barge two bioatuien steem'd Aiong the water till they uniul'd The seconds, where a .i;ght aipiear'd Astou shiing to vi wi From out the mnuddy waters rose Two youthful legs, rvti: dlrippnlg clitthes; Young Toie ny's Iellmllberis, you suppose, And I thirk samioe as you. They saved and tmrid d him with care ''They broright him back to I:fe once " .mair," Then withl some cart-oil greased his hair, And his wno ganrmets dried. ie thank'd them warmly, I must tell, 'l hen with :a very nlsty smell, And no affectionate farewo;l, Ita left the water's side. Perhaps our luckless hero Tom, Encounter d first on reanc'rnz home ; But here I'll rest. dear reader, from lily task, though that we yet shall Hold many happy meetings here, Before the summer's leaves are sere, Aud earth again is dark and drear, Is hoped by, yours, F. PIETCIELL. o 0. 2. Mast thou e'er seen the gleam (f omy first in the eye Of the mother who watched with d:licht The sports of her child, as he g~ambloiled close by, And screameu with a childish delight ? Oh were I as free as my second, I'd roam Far away over hill and o'er dale; I'd take a sweet partner, and h.. tl a nice honme In s,,me sunny and b:inut:lul vale. My whole is the name of a very small bird, That sits with his partner all day In a small, shaded bower, where ever is heard HIl shrill voice pouring forth a sweet lay. Ai. S. ENIGMA. No. 3 Always working, ,ever weary, Are my ever active hands; Never stopp;ng, never resting, Doing I nuty great demands. In the never quniet city My appointed place I keep: Poor and humble, great and wealthy, At my face must have a peep. Who will say he cannot tell me, \VWhen lie knowetcl me so well ? Where man civil zed is dwelling, There do I not also dwell-? Yes; you ev'ryawhere shall find me, Mhy position to fulfil. Till my hands are stretched in silence, And my voice Is ever stlL T. L, HEMIEy. ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. 0o. 4. A kind of cork, deatr rlddlers all, M y first will quickly show ; E xert your wits my next to find, .R ight haurd it is, I kuuw: .R ea:ers, I'm sure, my third you did- Y es, at your dinner-time; C an \ ou n t guess my fourth ? 'Tis in B. ealth, ' eailth, and also rhyrme; E oland Quiz of lihth has writ, I n story ne'er sumlihssed; f ee what a sixtl! 1 And now to guess T he answer you'll be last. M y centrals, when they meet your eye, A clever riddler you'll espy- S o now, dear friends, I'll say good-bye. Lor'I'tIE W., L'rightvn. DELETION. No. 5. Now; riddlers, from a certain fish, You most de ete a letter, Then what is left, if you were ill, Might help to make you better. J. MYEnRS, Daltondn-Fnuress.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No & If from what means to lift or raise You the centre take away, An army or a multitude Will appear as plain as day. J. W. CHADwicK. No. T. From a high Jump or spring Take the centre away, And what's an agreement Will finally stay. EMILY M. OANTER, Bradford. No. 8. If from a well-known clammy drug The centre you delete, Part of the harnest of a horse You then will have complete. FRED TAYLOR. PROVERB REBUS. No. 9. F. W. PEToMaLL LOGOGRIPHB. .o 10 A female's name behead and transpose, And a kind of fish it will disclose. POT HOOK, No. lL Of a part of your face Change the head and transpose, And part of your foot The result will disclose. AGNES C., Croydon. ENIGMA. No. 12. Although all possess me, rye never been seen ; I'm of no colour, neither blue, pink nor green; To some I bring pleasure, to otters bring pain, Each day do you use me again and again. Sometimes I am sweet, full of music, and love; I fall on the ear like a strain from above: Sometimes, when I menace. I fill you with fears; Again, I'm so touching 1 move you to tears At times I give terror, at others amaze ; To some I bring honour, distin, tion, and praise; And now, as I've said all I wanted to say, I'll finish my riddle, and wish you good day. FLossIE B.. Manchester.
No. 13. .t ( * * T. GILMORL. PALINDROME. No. 14. On every ship you must find I'm to name: Read backwards and forwards, and still I'm the same. C. R. GORRINGI. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 15. A cape on the south-west of Ireland ]f you will please transpose, A well-known rish county The answer will disclose. S. ROBINSON. No. 16. tI you decapitate and transpose, riddler "-ar, An object the heathens adore and revere, What all living molt.les at one time must be In this prophetio answer you surely must see. EMILY M. OANTER, Bradlord. No. 17. A fruit put down, One of renown ; Jvhen this is down, transpose, Then you will see That what will be A low price 'twill disclose. 0. R. G oRnI IE.
DOUBLE ACROSTIG. No. 18 Foundation Word&a Bead dnwn my primals, finals too, And quickly, I'll be bound, Two English oounties, known to you Will surely there be found. Orosa Words. If you are first, 'tie quickly seen That you are full of doubt; My second is an essence sweet, So try and find it out. My third to perils is exposed, k!e labours underground; And by his hardy toil and skill Our fires with coal abound. My fourth a a Christian name for man, Now, riddlers. careful be And it yon want to find ths out, Please listen well to me. When on the stream we swiftly glide, We do my flftu, I trow; Behead wh it I have just now said, The answer then you'll know. In sixth full many a gallant bark Has sank to rise no more; My seventh's a titl'- for a lord, 'Tis formed of letters four. My last's a tool that masons use, Now let your wits h ve play' I think I've puzzled you enough, The answer now please say. W. A. WILLAMS, Neath. CURTAILMENT. No. 19 The miser does this to his gold; But if you will curtail You then will see a kind of frost- That is,is you don't fail. J. W. CHADWIOc. ANSWaRS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.- Daddy Long-legs. 15.-Reviver. 2.-Cock-roach. 16.-Camp, Cam. 8.-Literary Festival Thus: 17.-Punt, pun. (P)Laint.fF, IcE, TourS, 18.-Felon. melon, lemon. EmmetT, RietI, AeV, Ra- 19.-Melrose. vennA, YelL. 20.- Pets, pest, step. 4.- Yew. 21.-Idly, idyl. 5.--Grow row, bow, cow, 22.- G N A T low mow. vow. N I L E 6.-Fag, fan, far, fat, fay. A L M A 7.-Bear, ear. T E A L 8.-Slaughter, laughter. 23.- K 9.-Nut, tun. P I G 10.-Lee, eel. T U L I P 11-Woes unite foes, DUNDAL K 12.-Unfit, uqit. HK I A R T 13. Petal peal I R K 14.-Slenagerie. !1 24.- F BAT NAIRN EMPIRES B JUDGMENTS MANUFACTURE I NCONSISTENCE IN SUBORDINATI ON FA R'LAIIIOFAS O.AT INDEMN I F I OAT I ON IMPLA CAB I L I TY SUPPO S IT ION MOUNTAINS ACCOUNT RULER OAT T