" HUMPTY DUMPTY," EDITOB. Contributions solicited early and often. Address in¬ variably, Richakd Gerner, P. 0. Box 4544, New York. ANOTHER SPEECH!
Our department is headed : "Contri¬ butions solicited early and often." That's what all puzzle editors say, have said and will say as long as puzzle depart¬ ments are "the go." This is a fact and therefore we repeat it ; the efiect of this has been on the part of the puzzle edi¬ tor the receipt of a batch of puzzles in the shape of Enigmas, Square Words, etc., which, to encourage communication, are indiscriminately accepted and insert¬ ed in the paper. We ask the reader — do you ever look at the puzzle depart¬ ment of a paper ? If you are candid, you will answer "no!" And why not? Simply because, it is not worthy of pe¬ rusal or solution on account of the worth- lessness of the puzzles, which are mostly offered for solution without any prizes, just to say that they have a puzzle de¬ partment in a paper. There are maga¬ zines and papers afloat with hundreds, thousands, ten thousands, nay, hundreds of thousands of circulation, in which the puzzle departments are not looked at by one person out of a hundred, unless a tremendous prize is offered to attract the public's attention to it. By our repeti¬ tion of the above sentence we do not mean to receive a "batch of enigmas and square words," but one good, solid and worth-being-the-author-of puzzle. Be¬ lieve us, reader, that our one puzzle last month brought more commendatory re¬ marks to a puzzle editor's desk than col¬ umns of well executed rebuses in maga¬ zines and papers. We extract the fol¬ lowing from among their number: "I am glad to see an old chum the editor of a puzzle department which contained the most curious puzzle I ever saw in my life. That 'jasv breaker ' in it is the only thing I did solve, but the rest is an in¬ explicable mystery, and I am awaiting with impatience the February number, in which you promise to solve it. I en¬ close one, which, although it may not equal last month's, will somewhat set your readers to thinking. Yours, "Falstaff." We give his puzzle this month, and now let us see every one of our readers send in one (no more, mind) that he will be proud to acknowledge as his when the j
question of its solution comes up. That to obtain is the object of our little speeeh this month, and we proceed to business, with the hope that we do not speak in vain. S O L U T I 0 N. Last month's puzzle was not solved by any of our readers satisfactorily enough to warrant their receiving a prize. While we are glad to see so much inter¬ est taken in our novel little department, we are sorry that our first effort to puz¬ zle our readers was not a failure. We submit another this month, and look to correct answers pouring in "regardless." The solution of last month's puzzle is as follows : 1. Throughout whole England ami in some parts of the Union, a coachman is called "tiger." 2. Everybody that has thoroughly examined into the tastes of oysters, will agree with us that the cel¬ ebrated "native " is the most delicious. 3. Whoever says that air and atmos¬ phere are not one and the same thing, is a------. 4. A "donkey " is an ass, "two pipes" make a "ton," and consequently the answer iu full to our puzzle is : "The roarl,man mounted the box, leav¬ ing ¿J¿e n uli t e tu atare after İtim i il u&- l mishment and amazement." "Humpty Dumpty," being the author of a story from which the above sentence was extracted, it is quite natural that we should insert his name at the end, an honor due and given by common cour¬ tesy to all authors. That explains, and we hope, to the entire satisfaction of all concerned. To proceed, — THK FKAST OF тШШАШШАШ. BY LOUD BYBON. The King was on his throne, The satraps thronged the hall ; A thousand bright lamps shone O'er that high festival. A thousand· cups of gold, In Judah deemed divine — Jehovah's vessels hold The godless heathen's wine ! In that same hour and hall, The fingers of a hand Came forth against the wall Aud wrote as if on sand ; The fingers of a man ; — A solitary hand Along the letters ran, And traced them like a wan.
t , n d y . ¬ , ¬ e o " s n s s f ¬ . ¬ s o ¬ - r e The monarch saw and shook And bade no more rejoice ; All bloodless waxed his look And tremulous his voice. "Let the men of lore appear, The wisest of the earth, And expound the words of fear, Which mar ou/ royal mirth." We proceed in prose.— The writing was there, but its true meaning never solved. It is hoped that the advanced youth of this age of prog¬ ress are a little more ingenious, who dare to step up to us and take a "Continen¬ tal Press Dinner," that there is not a boy or a girl in the United States who would laugh at the idea of his or her in¬ capability of its solution. It read as follows : — "THE Ko 50 PR OôEEYEïEATEAKUE !" "Fallstaff." Read over the fifth, sixth and seventh lines of our last month's speech and then say — (and mean it, too) "that's so 1 " Answer, next month. 1st prize.. Checker Board. 2d prize. Box ot' Stationery. 3d prize. Box of Fountain Penfi. 4th prize. Any Amateur paper β m'ths. õth prize. The Siberian Mystery. Answers must be sent to the editor oF this department, and before February 10. The prizes are open to Subscribers on I v.