Our friend MARGARET L. GREEN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECOAPITATION. No. 1. Dear riddlers, who've often solved decapitations With industry,'cutenrss, and heavenly pat'ence, Sit down and divine this small puzzle, my friends, For to sharpen the intellect " Tournament " tends. My whole has the wearisome tranquilly borne,, The poor wanderer faint and the traveller worn ; But deprive twice of head,and the man who reclines Drinks in what the rest of this puzzle deflnws; And should that sweet draught once forsake his frail breath, Hls eyes would grow si'gh' less, his voice hush in death. MARGARET L. GREEN, Sevenoaks. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. N o. 2. Foundation Words. My finals up and primals down Will name two men of great renown; They were composers you will ovn, Of music fnlue. Cross Words. This Christian name's not borne by me, In that, I think, you'll all agree, Although a boy's name 'tis to be; So guess it. Tom Jenkins' baby is call-d this, A lovely creature tis, I wis; Oh, shouldn't I like to have a kiss-- Yes, bless it I They're going to buy it this, I know; A nice one 'tis to be, I trow; But time alone no doubt will show Its beauty. Now in my next a bird is found That lives upon Australian ground, You'r,. sure to guess it, I'll be bound; So do your duty. This nation has been full of strife, And sulffer'd from great loss of life, And left husba:idless many a wife, 1 opine. MESSIzS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green ENIGMA. No. 3. The sun illumes the eastern sky; l'he linnet pipes its songs on high; The rivulet, with purling sound. uVlndeth irs course through verdant ground, And by the rill, Or on the hill, Do I in all my power abound. You'll find me on the daisied green, And in the meadow I am seer ; I'm with the pink and blushing rose, And ev'ry other flow'r that grows; And youth or maid, 'Tis often said, My captivating presence shows. S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. LOGOGRIPIH. No. 4. Dear puzzlers, once more I've a riddle for you, So guess, if for guessing you care ; And first is a word which we all should apply To gloves at two shillings a pair. This word now transpose, a sweet fruit will be soon; Decapitate, then you'll behold A mound, which behead and transpose, when I'm sure An anima: soon'twill unfold. Transpose for the last time, my riddling friends, And straightway will comne to your view A plant with sweet flowers and tendrilsso green, Which doubtless is well known to you. LOTTIE W., Brighton. HIDDEN FLOWERS. No. 5. SKYLARK : As I rise from the vale, where my home is conceal'd, To gain the chaste realms of cerulean blue High up in keen air, wuere the rainbow reveal'd Now spans yonder light clouds, its ray flashing through. As I rise in the blue, below which do appear 0 1 serene every valley and rill that doth roam; Fair, fair are the white clouds now dropping, and dear Thy filues that may blossom, sweet England, my home I. F. W. PE rCHELL. METAGRAM. No. 6. An animal is first, I ween, Change head, a kind of fruit is seen ; Change head again, 'twill bring to sight What's often entertained at night. Supply me with another had, Our Budget is this when it's read; If you the head will change again, I'm often seen when you're in pain. J. TaowsDALE. TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. My whole what means impression Unto you will:declare; But make a tranliposition, Then 'tis a bill of fare. Transpose again, and I am sure To act again you'll see; With transposition's aid once more, To furnish food I'll be. A. H. SOALES. SQUARE WORDS. No, 8. My first a vehicle will be; In next a plant I think you'll see; In third a girl's name'will be seen; Fourth what three cattle are called, I wean. ANON. .. 2 - . .. . . . . .
LOGOGRIPIL No. 9. My whole is a title-in that you'll agree: Read forwards or backwards, and Came you will see: The centre delete, and then rightly transpose, And yoll'll have a person whom every one knows. From whole now, if you will but lop off the head, The name of a man you will find there instead; This last word curtail, and you have a girl's name, Which forwards or backwards reads always the same. L. D. OMIEGRAM. No. 10. A word for open or candid set down, And then please change the tail, Acoin of a cone ry of great renown You'll then see without fail. J. T. CATER, Walsall. REBUS, No. 11. DIEB'S WINKEL. CHARADE. No. 12. An old man lay on a bed of death, Slowly he drew each laboured breath; His pulse is felt by a friendly hand. While the doctor issues a stern command To swallow my first without delay, If he wished to live till another day. At this the patient looked my second, And slowly spoke : "When Death has beckoned, In vain the doctor's healing a- t. I now am called, and now depart: I'm glad I've lasted till my third." Tie listeners scarcely caught the word With which escaped the unfettered soul, And finished then his long-my whole. GuY FAUX.
CENTRAL DELE iION. No 13. What Dutchmen never part with ; The centre please delete, Then what we're very fond of You will have complete. J. LAWiRENCE,Kennington. REBUS. No. 14. W. J. LENNOX, Glasgow. CURTAILMENT. No. 15 A plant and its root, of its final bereft, A hard-working insect will surely be left. R. COZENS. METAGRAM. No. 16 A girl's Chrislian name ; change head, Another one's here in its stead. FRED TAYLOR. CHAR ADE. No. 17. My first is the hottest of all the spice kind; Of use is my secon' amongst all mankind. With children my whole is a favourite found, And largely esteemed In all cities around. JOHN CALVERT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. My first's a number more than six, On the right one I do hope you'll fix; Take out the centre-not so fast i If you've the word, the answer's last. OWENNIE G.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My first, you must know, is part of a crow i My sec'nd's an article small ; My third is a colour, 'tis prt tty, I know; My fourth is a town known to alL My fifth you will see, as plain as can be, To change or to vary do s mean. Bring forth number six-this the Chinaman picks From plants which in Asia are seen. And now for my next, you mustn'tbe vexed, When I say of yourself it's a part ; And lest a mistake in this you should make, It is also a piece of a cart. If you will read down,from tail unto crown, and then trace the puzzle across, You'll find either way-'tis true what I say- A town sixty miles from old Ross. HARRY 0. PRICE. CENTRAL ALTERATION. No. 20. With confidence I now commence To form this simple riddle, And I've no doubt you'll !ind it out By altering each middle. A soldier bold was Peter Gould; One day he went to battle. "I'll first," says he, " the foe will flee Just like a drove of cattle." But Peter found they stood their ground, Nor could they make them second; Instead, poor Pete had to l etreat Much sooner than he reckoned. At length a shell, exploding, fell, And left poor Peter lying Upon the ground, where all around Were strewn the dead and dying. All night he lay, and oft did pray That he might once have tasted Some last, of which, out in the ditch, He quantities had wasted. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. DECAPITATIONAL CHARADE. No. 21. My first, I know, is found red, blue, and green, Among the verdant heather in the lanes; The curse of youth and manhood it h s been, Or, rather, has the liquor it contains. But there's another first, as you will see, Which leads the pretty blonde and young brunette To vanity. Thus will my primal be A snare, which youth and maiden must regret. Now please decapitate, And the residue will state What I compute to be a friend of Cupid I But decapitate again, And that which does remain Is by a foolish person reckoned stupid. A second may be humble, meek, and small, Yet peace therein will absolutely dwell, If \ illingly the inmates one and all Will set about their every action well. Around its walls the jessamine may creep, Or wallflowers may be growing on the sill, Ayomatizing children while they sleep, And nodding at the cooling zephyrs' will. Deprive this last of head, And decidedly instead An 1 nglish river you will then obtain; But decapitate once more, And do it right;y, for A word implying habit will remain. Dear Budget friends, this puzzle I have written, So to, the total I will no v repair: 'Tie true I am with admiration smitten For all the pretty posies growing there. J.Rn G. LUMSDEN. ANAGRAMS. No. 22. Ehter aws na Ido nmoaw- Ndahwta od ouy kinth? Esh dievl npuo gnonthi Ubt sheltot so kin. J. LAWRENCE, Kennlngton. No. 23. Cnudl hat dar d hardy be thy or eh snail, 'Trust h froth tie uagsf dan pr ce o cth rakd lueb vine, T"ish gas in cu ho drop yi bah hit w eth bean. F. W. . ETCIIHLL. ANSWERS TO RIDDI4ES, &C., OF LAST WEEK. 1.- B A T 14.-Lever, leer. MO U T H 15.-Carl Rosa. Thus: CaR AUTHOR S AlphonsO, RhinoceroS GORES LydiA. A S K 16.-Future. 2.-Caroline, Clara, Martha, 17.- H Mand, Emma, Susan, Mora, R Y E Jemima. L E L. 0 N 3.--Yew, dew,Jew, new, few, N E T Dew, mew. N 4.-Ridiculous, ludicrous. 18.- S T EP 5.- Persist, stripes. T E A R 6.-Pl11, ilL E A S E 7.-Pr'in-rose. P R E Y 8 --Te town of Maidstone. 9.--Set. 9.- MO L E 10.-Orlando, Roland. O V I D 1l.--Hearts of oak our men. LL F E 12.-Grey-hound. E D E N 13.-Pil-low. 20.-Song, son, so. 21.- Hail to thee, blithe spirit- Bird thou never wert- That from heaven or near it, Pourest thy full heart In profuse strains of unpremeditated art,