Our friend J. MYERS to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Word. Centrals sweet, I dearly love you, Nature's charming' summer 'dress, Perfume sweet, around, above fou, Emblems of true loveliness. Cross Words. 'Twas the month of sweet July (Just a year gone, by-the-bye), As I wandered through the fields and shady lanes, Sweetest s usic filled the air From a first'of plumage rare; I, enchanted, stood 4ud listened to its strains. 'Twas a scene so bright and fair, Long I stoddd and listened there, Till, the shadows leugth'ning, night drew on apace; Soon the owl's echoing cry Roused my scattered thoughts, then I 'Midst the coming next my homeward course did trace. Onward, musingly, I went, Nature seemed all calm content; Hushed the songsters now, so lately in full tune; Save a rippling next, around Stillness reigned in hush profound ; Soft and mellow beamed the "merry harvest moon." Once a flutter, scarce a rush, Issued from a blossomed bush By the wayside, then a little, frightened bird Took its next unsteady flight Through the still and starry night, Till another bush its wayward flight deferred. With my ramble highly pleased, Landing home, I quickly seized On my Y. F. B. to see what next were there, For 'tis pleasure keen to me At our "P arty" fair to be, Or an hour spend with poet puzzlers rare. I delight in puzzle lore (W'r'aps you thought so much before), Yes, I love a next or enigma to read; Lasts, of course, are pretty, too, And ingenious, 'tis true. Please excuse me if I'm boasting--do, indeed! J. [MYERS, Dalton-i.llFurness. ACROSTICAL Y PUZZLE. No. 2. A puzzle new I hare for you, Dear friends, as you will see, An acrostical Y, And I hope you will try To find out this puzzle for me. I hope you never will be first, And so do you, I trow; My next's in Roman history scea- A brook that you must know. Reverse my next, and you will see Something in which fires burn; Transposed, my next a measure is, As you will quickly learn. My fifth you'll see a girl's name is, Composed of letters thrcc; My sixth in convent dull doth dwell, How lonely she must be ! My last's a word of letters three, And that is all I'll say. Two pleasant countries form this Y; And now, dear friends, good day. EDITuI Bnuooc. MONOPHIONE, No. 3. Laughing little Lily, To us all so first, Merry as a sunbeam From a dark sky burst. Always spreading gladness Ronud her every place Where her dainty figure Trips with fairy grace. Had a pleasant picnic Just the other day, In the sunny middle Of the month of May. For 'twas Lily's birthday, And l'd have you know Always on Lill's birthday We picnicking go. And the day wae glorioius, Soft aind blue the sky, As the tender anz.e Of Lill's dnicinu' eye. ,' Through the woods we rambled, Where the secolids brown Live among the blossoms Bright as kiigly crown. How they looked upon us, With a timid gaze, As we laughed and listened To the song-birds' lays I Not till dusky twilight Fell in shadows grey On thie woodl's soft mosses Did we cease to play. And the night's pale jewels 'Gan through heaven to peep, And our pretty Lily Fell 'mid flowers asleep. BRowN-EYES, CHA'IAI)E. No. -1. One day, whilst out riding, my love by my side, She looked in my face, and she joyfully '6nied: "Oh, come now, dear Httarry, and let's have a race; Pop over my first, for heroeis the place." We were in a nice !icld, and the r:aceit began, When my second right Unde'r hor'horse's feet ran. In a garden my wholo is Lt' bimes to be seen, Your fruit from all iuscts. 'twill surely keeolp clean. KAIloN.
ENIGMA. No. 5. To see me you must close your eyes; To like me you must all despise; To want me you must be well blessed; To have me you must be distressed ; To feel me you must feeling lack; To wear me you must bare your back; To know me you must be a dunce, And ought to go to school at once. Now, if you cannot tell my name You'll make out of me what I am. J. C. M'C. CHARADE. No. 6. My first you often cannot stand, It persecutes all o'g the land; Next is a bird whosa gift you eat, It is, indeed, surpassing sweet. My whole will be a man unkind, In Turkey some you'll surely find. P. N. Gar', Dublin. PROVERB REBUS. No. 7. VALENTINE Vo0, Bromlpton.
LOGOGRIPII. No. 8. A useful article am I, And that I think you can't deny, In every house I'm seen; But take my head away from me, Reverse me quickly, and you'll see An island then, I ween. J. WHITELEY, Halifax. REVERSION. No. 9. My whole, you'll see, does mean insane; But reverse it, and, I ween, What the beavers form across a river Will immediately be seen. W. KEARNEE, Bootle, PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. .- --- CaSAR, Lowe's College. TRANSPOSITION.g No. 11. Riddlers, here's a peculiar word, Yet one which, no doubt, you have frequently heard; It is used as a verb, and 'tis used as a noun ; This when you have found you may quickly write down, And see, by transposing the letters in view, That the new word composed is a noun and verb, too. But, lest you should say " The puzzle's not clear," I'll whisper a hint in your listening ear : I first to the shop to buy the Y. F. B., And the Prize Paper, too, has a second for me, But I'm sure it is needless this face to announce, As all Budgetiers its merits pronounce. WAL Kzr'roN. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. If from what you do at night You delete the centre right, 'Twill bring a measure to your sight. R. I. LOGOGRIPH. No. 13. I'm part of the human frame, you'll see, But if you take my tail from me, A short sleep you will have, I ken; Now turn it round, and then to you What's seen in the kitchen will come to view. Now, that is all, so now adieu; I think, perhaps, we'll meet again. F. RIDLEY.
ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Word. Primals, if by you read aright, Will bring an animal to sight. Cross Words. A pretty Christian name is this; 'Tis borne by many a pretty miss. If this is found aright by you, An English town will come to view. A feature in this you may trace Which should adorn the human face, Guess this aright, and you will see A portion of the Y. F. B. An animal timid and fleet, Its flesh is very good to eat. Now, riddlers, just bear this in mind- For next you must a boy's name find. An English town for this you'll see; I think it's known to you and me. For last an English river view. Now, friends, it's time I said adieu. ALBERT E. U. METAGRAM. No. 15. The shades of night are drawing fast, The sun is set, the day is past; Come, draw the curtains, and at last Sit down together. My first will give a pleasant light, Soothing and gentle to the sight ; We'll stir the fire to blaze so bright, This chilly weather. Now change my head, and if my bed Should be my next, fever I'd dread, For such a thing has often bred Ague and gout; Change head again, and soldiers this, And though some think it not amiss, I call it not a state of bliss. Come, find me out. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. CHARADES. No. 16. Commercial failings are, no doubt, From want of first oft brought about It makes a merchant, though not cold, Rub hand and hand with joys untold, My second is another name For waters limited in size. My whole a country is of fame, Whence came an article of prize. BOLERO. No. 17. Sweet first, above all other months esteemed, And welcomed, too, by all, I'm very sure; On field and lawn I see nexts everywhere, E'en greeted by the rich as well as poor. I hold a total now within my hand, A sort of second, but how pale and pure! ELIZABETS R. O'NEILL, Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. A musical instrument first is, Very well known it must be; Second's a very large country Miles and miles over the sea; Murmuring down in the valley, Third you will certainly view; Cheeks turn fourth very often, But, friends, for the present, adieu. ALEx. S., Glasgow. LOGOGRIPH. No. 19. If you behead the peacock's pride, And after that transpose, A crowd you'll have who oft have cried About their wants and woes. C. W. WILLIS, Westminster. ENIGMA. No. 20. I'm used by English, Scotch, and Welsh, And by the Irish, too; I'm made of cloth, and sometimes silk; In colour, sometimes blue. KARDIPHONIA. PUZZLE STANZAS. No. 21. Derip, gylu riped, mosesmite si ense Yb hughaty kolos dan Itofy mine; Tub oentefr ti si ufndo atth ipdre Solve eped thwini hte hater ot hdie, Dan wileh teh solko era limd nad asir, Ti stis adu dose sit fishcime teerh. M. DES Vuux, South Kensington, No. 22. Rou gebtud plussipe su thwi rotsesi os arer, Varbe roshee is dlob, dan iwht neshoire iafr; Mors kajcot het romtenuatn onnight ouly'l ifd Tath loduw rujine ro turh eht omts entisvies nidm. POLYDORE. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Care, hope. Thus: 13.- 0 P A L CherisH, AdO, RasP, P I N E EvelinE. AN NE 2.-Rebel. L E E K :i.-Rose, hose, nose, dose. 14.-Dahlia. Thus : Daisy, 4.-Sea.weed. Arm, Haunah, Lincoln, 5.-The alphabet. Iron, Amy. 6.-Time is ever on the 15.-Don.key. wing. 16.-Dover, rover, over, 7.-Part, trap. Dover. 8.-Parsley, parley. 17.-Larva, lava. 9.-St. Bartholomew. 18.-M-itre, mire. Id.-Bcagle, eagle, gale, aleg. 19.-Chart, hait, art. I.I -Wold, world. 20.-Dearth, Earth. I 2.-Peep. 21.-Runm. 22.- Boys of spirit, boys of will, Boys of muscle, brain, and power, Fit to cope with anything- These are wanted every hour.