Our friend WOODENT CHERLIKETEERNOE o-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. 'Twas midnight, and my first was done, so at my board of deal With next I ate what toil had won-of third my cookshop meal. But suddenly I paused in fright, for in the midnight sky An awful arc of lurid light was leaping wide and high. One moment's stay my cap to seize, one moment's stay to gaze, And I was speeding through the trees towards the broad bright blaze. 'Twas Hillyon Grange all wrapped in flame from floor to girder tree. " Fire I fire I" the running fools exclaim, as if 'twas hard to see. Lord Hillyon was with anguish wild; he sobbed and wrung his hands- "Oh, if 'twould save my only child, then perish house and lands A thousand-thrice a thousand pounds I who saves my girl shall be "- And through the smoke a figure bounds (that fig. belongs to me). Thsongh blinding smoke, through roaring fre-to me 'twas all the same- "Neath boiling lead and glowing wire, o'er seas of living flame ; Still struggling on, at last I hear a girl's all-piercing shriek, And then I know I'm panting near the chamber that I seek. One spring, and I am gasping low before the noble maid; I have no breath to let her know I come escape to aid. My left arm round her waist was wound, my right to guard her head, And through the burning rooms I bound, through furnace fierce and red. Though seething flames around me stream, though roof and rafter fall, I dash aside each blazing beam, and leap each tott'ring wall. At last my brow the night air laves, I gasp and reel for breath, As flashing Mersey's crimson waves I see far, far beneath. She had no time to scratch my face, to squeak, squeal, faint, or scream. One blinding, breathless rush through space, and we were in the stream; But as the top once more we neared, upon my mem'ry dim An awful, chilling thought appeared-I'd never lkarnt to srim ! The winkles now my corpse would tear, but that a boat. man's hand Threw a fourth belt with aim so fair, which bore me to the land. I helped him as he helped the girl, my conscious charge, ashore, And, longing, gazed upon each curl that dripped my face before. Her wet and clinging clothes she wrung, "Thank you," was all said she, And never since her haughty tongue has framed a word for me. Then home my wat'ry way I took, and brooded on my woes From her who ne'er by word or look has owned the debt she owes. Three thousand pounds were promised me when through the fire I went; It never was my luck to see the colour of a cent. Oh, cease, my bursting heart, to beat I 'Twas but the other day She galloped past me in the street and looked another way. Oh, gather, vultnres of the air, my heart is going pop, To think she owns half fifthshire fair, and I a cats'-meat shop I WOODENT CIIEnRLIKETERNO. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. My primals will bring into view A poet, no doubt, known to you; Now, in my finals will be seen This poet's native land, I ween. Cross Words. This river will be found, perchance, If you peruse the map of France. A useful article, I trow, Used by our Editor, you know. Without much trouble this you'll guess; It is an ornament of dress. A story that is seldom true, Undoubtedly in this you'll view. A famous needle this will be, That it is large you will agree. North-west of Europe is this isle, Whose lakes and rivers do beguile. This great man fought with sword and shield Against a king at Bosworth Field. P. N. GAFNY, Dublin. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. 'Twas in the bleak, dull month of March I strolled among the dells, 'Twas there I found the primrose sweet, The spring's approach that tells. Of all the flow'rs that deck the plain, This one alone can charm me, And if it can't return my love, I'm sure it cannot harm me. EMMA A. O'REILLY, Youghal. DELETION. No. 4. Whole, I am a female's name, As you know; Take two letters from the same, It will show A long, slimy fish's name. Now I go. F. T. RIDLEY, Newcastle.
ENIGMA. No. 5. I come from the sky, I spring from the ground, I'm seen in the eye, In houses I'm found. The rich possess me, And also the poor; I'm seen in the sea, I'm dirty or pure. I'm fresh and I'm stale, And sometimes I run; I have not a tail. I'm used by each one. I'm soft, and hard too* I'm hot and I'm cold; Sans me you can't do. My name now unfold. NANNETr~, Newcastle West. REBUS. No. 6. .B ol W. H. BIRD, Holloway.
CHARADE. No. 7. Dear riddlers, you will not have far To search forfirsts, for here they are. Yes, on this page they may be found. You know what firsts are, I'll be bound. And here it next I love to read My firsts so numerous indeed. It next with joy and great delight I read this journal every night. My third doth often shelter yield To soldiers on the battlefield; In gala fields 'tis also seen- You've been inside a third, I ween. My firsts, my next, and third please find, Then whlole will quickly come to mind. But now I'll bid adieu to you, And hpo 'twill be w'hole so to do. M. FAnLANQUEs, Bradford. REBUS. No. 8. C. WINTER. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. No. 9. When cross words are by you read down, My firsts and lasts, you'll find, Two famous cities of renown Will quickly bring to mind. Cross Words. A kind of wood my first will be, Transposed, a metal then you'll see; What means to pass through or to bear; A colour next will soon declare; A man's name fourth, without a doubt; Curtailed, a metal next find out; Part of the day for next descry. Now to you a)1 I'll say good-bye. F. R. CouLson, PALINDROME. No. 10. When things are even, flat, or straight, My first the circumstance will state; But when the word is turned around, The very same it will be found. J. G. BRERAUT.
CURTAILMTENT No. 11. Curtailments in the riddling e Are now so very rare, page I do declare it's quite an age Since last I saw one there. Perhaps to write one I night try. But no; that's too absurd! And yet 1 would, if only I Could find a proper word. Hurrah I've found one that will lo. It means-well, means deservill. Now, friends, I hore that all of yue This clue are well observing. Now, if this word's of tail bereft It then will soon be seen That those five letters that are left Do same as value mean. If you'll again take tail away, A herb is brought to view, As this is all I have to say, 'll bid you all adieu. CHARADE. Coconea. No. 12. Dear Editor,-Again I'm here And hope that you'll be reading This puzzle, and let it appear Next week without much pleading, " Not very good," you may exclaimi "Your hopes I grieve to sever But if you'd earn a riddling name, You must do more-endeavour." But, there, this first is getting long, You really must excuse me. It's nearly turned into a song; I hope you'll not abuse me. Our dear old last would ne'er contain A useless, vague effusion; 'Twould likely cause your readers pan, And you some slight confusion. So I'll conclude by hoping you Will some attention pay Unto your reader loyal and true That's me-T. W. K. T. W. Ticnaz,' METAGRAM. No. 13. A most beautiful drink In whole you will trace ; Change head, and a number Will come in its place; Change head now again, and A tree you will view, That is of great use in This country. Adieu. T. O'CoaNoR, Kins e., CROSS PUZZLE. No. 14. Read central letters down When all the parts are found, 4 favourite riddler's showu, Whose cons. with wit abound. Somne children are this, and all strangers will shun; A town out in Burmah for this hit upon; The tide of the ocean does this twice each dayr Strange, strange is the fourth of our bodies, Iley say; O'erbearing is this, which you never should le; A woman who works by the day yon here see; Possessed of more power is this than the sword; Last month very this was my pet singing.bird; To aged people this is an oft-applied word. P. hM'CALL, ublhn. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 15. Under the trees stands Harry Grey, With sweet Ella by his side; To-morrow he leaves her, a fortune to gain Far over the ocean wide. " And will you, my darling," he lovingly cries, "Be ever tender and true ?" " Oh, yes," she replies; " I'll ever be leal, Mly handsome Harry, to you." L'ENVOI. Two words the answer make, you'll find; Seek them for me, O riddlers kind. AI.ICE M. I'LAcnLAN, Barnes. DECAPITATION. No. 16. Five letters compose me; Twice take off my head, And then you will see Only one left instead. NIL DESPErasnas, LOGOGRIPH. No. 17. Of form uncouth, a herd I am complete, Of which both high and low will degun to eal ; Behead, I'm drank; and then curtailed, 'lis tree, I'm then what every gamester tries to do. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. If from what means to scatter you The centre will delete, A word which means to seethes orboil Will then be left complete. EIcluuIeno-