Our friend P. (ThEGAN to-day takes tshe lead in the RIDDLE - TOURNAMENT.- CHKRADE. No. 1.
I went last week to see a friend, A member of our Young FolZs" Party," With whom some pleasant hours I spend In youthful freaks, light, gay, and hearty. Our Y. F. B. was there at band To treat us with its thrilling stories, But none had we so eager scanned As " Jack the Valiant," in his glories. The time passed on while thus we:read, And first came on us, slowly creeping, It hinted we should be in bed, And on our pillows soundly sleeping. I then arose to go away, And quaffed a parting glass of liquor, "Here, mount this last," my friend did say, "'Twill surely bring you home the quicker." I thanked my friend for being so kind, And then old Nancy I commanded, That she should travel like the wind, Till I at home was safely landed. I got to bed, commenced to dream, A horrid vision rose before me. Though hard I tried I could not scream, For " Blunderbus" waee rolling o'er me. What terror filled my very soul ! The "Magic Vice" for me was gaping! I then awoke-'twas but the whole-- And blessed my stars for thus escaping. P. CREGAN, Trim. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. Behold the craven monarch stand, Surrounded by his barons bold, He the oppressor, they the band Who freedom seal to young and old. My primals bring this scene to mind, Refresh the memory like the dew, Oh, may its fond remembrance bind Our hearts to liberty anew. Gross Words. This on a ship stands many a breeze, It's also found on forest trees; In crusade times a town of fame, It also does a measure name; A furtive look put down, which, when beheaded, Will name an instrument by patient's dreaded; A town in France of letters four, It also means fastidious, Exact, delightful, dainty too, Pray do not deem it dubious ; A town in Wales if you transpose, 'Twill a wild animhal disclose; A Scottish family or race, Change end a shellfish takes its place; Scholars this poet's works do treasure, The name means, too, a Jewish measure; To shun, if you behead and rightly guess, The meaning will be emptines ; Please-here put d6iw a kind of grain, Change eud, and lusiiius will renjin; When Roman valour shone out bright, This river was much famed : Take centre, and transpose aright, A sacred form you've named; To Selkirk turn, and name the spot Where dwelt the learned Sir Walter Scott. CAUTUS VIATOR, Sligo. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3.-I am a word of eleven letters My 8, 3, 10 is a part of the body; my 2, 9, 10, 7 is a musical instrument; my 3, 7, 5 is an animal, my 7, 5, 3, 10 is a fruit; my 1, 2, 9,10, 4 is a fish; my 2, 9, 10, 5 is an animal; my 10, 3, 1, 7 is a fruit; my 6, 2, 5, 11, 7 is an animal; my 10, 3, 4. 11 is a gardener's tool ; my 1, 7, 11, 3, 10, 5 is a weapon; my 6, 2, 5, 3. 10 is to cut; my whole is an eminent poet.-H. 0. LAMB, HulL ENIGMA. No. 4. I'm slain to be saved, with much ado and pain, Scattered dispersed, and gathered up again, Withered though young, sweet, yet unperfumed, And certainly laid up to be consumed. JACK THE VALIANT, Manchester. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 5. A well-known reptile, if you of head bereave A portion of the body it will surely leave But if my head be changed by you, A wooden vessel will come to view; Now, riddlers, change my head again, You'll see some drops of frozen rain; Please change my head, and if correct, Part of a ship you will detect; Now once more change, and you will see Part of an animal then I'll be; Repent the change, and now in this You'll see a suit of armour, I wis ; Deprive me of head, and please be quick, You'll have a word implying " sick ;" If you take off this tail of mine, You'll find a town in Palestine; Now please curtail me, you will view A personal pronoun. Riddlers, adieu R. E. D., Exmouth. No. 6. I'm a cardinal point transposed, I know A resting-place to you will show; Cut off my tail, and then you'll see That part of the ocean I will be; Restore my tail, off with my head, And to devour you'll find instead; Transpose, and then I do declare What you oft drink will then be there. A. WILSON, Hoylake. REVERSION. No. 7. In whole I'm sure you all will view, A number that's well-known to you; Now please reverse, and there is seen A kind of snare-for fish, I ween. ToR. DECAPITATION. No. 8. A kind of bird if you twice behead, What's used by archers you'll have instead. T. DRAKe, Stratford.
METAGRAMS. No. 9. - Meaning not nasty, if you ohange'head. " What many use you'll have instead; Change head again, and then, I weon. Very small animals will be seen; Still repeat the same, and you A useful grain will'bring to view, Once more, and if done right, I ween, A blacksniith's tool can now be:seen. A. LAWRENOE, Kennington. No. 10. A name for a pbet my whole will be. But if you would just change the head, When you have done it you will see What is not soft stands there instead; Again the process please repeat. A measurement your gaze will meet. J. SaMYTr,
PROVERBB REBUS. No. 11. HOTSPUR.
VERBAL CHARADES. No. 12. I ani in jam, but riot in fruit; I am in jacket, but not in suit; I am in cat, but not in dog; I am in stick, but not in log; I am in tie, but not in bow ; I am in herring, but not in roe; I am in eel, but not in fish I am in savour, but not in dish: I am in hamper, but not in box; I am in lion, but not in fox; I am in sister, but not in brother; I am in father, but not in mother; I am in one, but not in two: I am in boot, but not in shoe. These letters placed aright-will br.ng without fail A gallant young hero of a famed Budget tale. H. ADAMS. No. 13. My first is in ice, but not in snow; My second is in reap,but not insow ; My third is in fire,bat not in blaze; My fourth is n peep, but not in gaze ; My fitth is in sea, but not in land; My sixth is in great, but not in grand; My who'e is used to decorate The costly mansions of the great. W. BRowN.
GEOGRAIPJIUAL REBUS. No. 14. P. W. PIT LL. -I! F.,,' PW. PETCHELL.
ACROSTIO, No. 15. Foundation Word, Throughout the varied scenes of life, Of trouble and despair, 'Twill call to mind a brighter view, And 'twill our misery spare. dross Words. The fire, our temper, flames so free, Pepper and mustard, all are me. Within an alphabet of ancient date, 'Twill be the last as learned ones will state. Surely in me you will descry A coin or a weight; A prison I also signify- Your task's, withal, not great. In a garden rare she wrndered, On her downfall I have pondered, All aroun. sweet Nature glistened, Woulh to evil she'd not listened. G. GRANT, Bayswater. TRANSPOSITIONS. S No. 16. Prurlence and care my whole will declare; Transpose. and then, I ween, A public sale will,' vithout fall, By all of you be seen, H. BEYNON, Bristol. No. 17. A well-known title please transpose, And what is true, I think, this shows. J. ARSTRO~G. SCalegill.
CHARADES. No. 18. My first, though quick of foot and ear Is often seized with sudden fear, And, timid as a modest maid, Of men is very miuch afraid. My next,'less often seen than heard, Speaks without uttering a word, In tones as solemn, gay, severe, As ever fell on mortal ear. In a secluded, shady dell, My gentle whole delights to dwell, With pensive air and downcast mien ; She wears a robe of white and green. J. A. LAWRENCE, Kenni98 o4 No. 19. Behead my first, and you'll behold That which is worn by young and e~od And if rightly I have reckoned, Part of a pig will chow my second; Join these together, and you will find An English town is brought to mind. SQUARE WORD. POTE0oL No. 20. A town of Italy this will be, So please to put it down; An occurrence in this you will see; At no time this is you will own; A very large and barren lake In this you will descry; For last a kind of machine please take: And now I'll say good-bye. J. S.- HICKMAN, Hammersmith, PUZZLE. No. 21. One-fourth of mart, One-fourth of cart, And then one-fourth of mane; One-fourth of stag, One-fourth of drag, And then one-fourth of lane; One-fourth of meat, One-fourth of seat, An English town will name. J. G. BKIER, London, HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 22.-1. I made Ellen do five of her sums. 2. The dale at Penshurst is very pretty. 3 For thee I will never budge an inch. 4. I pulled thirty-eight weeds out of my garden. 5. We arrived at Paddington at six o'clock. 6. Ahmed Wayton said this was not true. 7. This is a great festival with the village people. 8. Can you stay f,.r me a few minutes. 9. Levity never'becomes anybody. 10. Did you send us the partridge ?-ANON. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 23.-1. Go away, you nasty thing 2. I daresany it will do. 3. Do you think me tall ? 4 I saw the woodman fell tree. 5. I will not let them master me. 6. Does mamma believe it ? 7. Uncle called Jem a young monkey. 8. Give mamma my umbrella.-LILLIAN E. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 24. :. .. - My·wholhmeans to;bend or todescend; Central delete, and then, I ween, What means to stay or to suppress Will then be surely seen. H. BEYNON, Bristol. DECAPITATION. No. 25. If a kind of flower you twice behead, Part of yourself you'll have instead. POTHnol, DIAMOND PUZZLES, No. 26. My first in house will surely be; My next an animal you'll see; Next comes a coin which you know well; My fourth, I hope, you will not sell, My filfth's a hero old, I ween; My next's a place for beasts unclean; My last you'll surely find in fly; Now what am I ? ; Now what am I ? SILVYERSTAR No. 27. My first in vice I know is found; My second's a mineral 'neath the ground; My third in parks you oft will see, Sporting around in festive glee; My fourth is gained in battle's strife, When debt is paid with human life My next is spiled in some great cause, Of course you've guessed it 's in the wars; My sixth's to cook, I'm sure I'm right; My last's in eye, but not in sight. The centrals read, it is quite plain The English in battles often gain. W. D'A RTREY, Belginum ANSWERS TO RIDDLE1S, &o., Oil' AS'T VSIst 1.-Black-bird. 16.-Capricorn. 2.- C 17.-Lucre, lure, rule. D A Y 18--" Waverley. DER BY 19.-Navan. F 0 R u I G NO 20.-Baltic, Mersey. . Thus: FORMAL ITY BertraM, ApplE, MIas, DARAND) EL LES ToeS, IcE,CsY. 3.-tarch. 2L- 8 4.-Paper. Thuis: Palmer, T I E Arquebuse, Pine, last, T RE D Rennet. PAST I ME 5.-Sand. DES IRA BLE 6.-Editor. , 83RTRIBSTRA 7.-Westinoreland. T R A N S P 0 S a 8.-Pay, pan, paw, par. Lt ASTING 9.-March, arch. CORAL i0.--Chatterton. Thus: MAY Common, Habit, Accord, M Tame, Temperate, En- 22.-Fox-glove. gaged, Rabid,Trial, Occult, 23.-Imnp-end. ile No el. 24.-Ouse, Elbe. Aire, FNe, 11.-House, mouse. Yujre, Seine, Boyle, Frth, 12.--Ne'er spend good money Havel, IslaOrrh. locking for bad. 2.-4Skein, skin . 13.- Steam. 26.--Corouet, cornet. 14.--Apple. 27.--Merlin. 1g..--5itvel, 28.-Lime, fuI, limb. Urs.