Our friends BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL to.day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
He stands, the wretched mutineer, His eyes fast fixed upon the deck; His sunburnt face is blanched with fear; The fatal noose is round his neck; And standing out against the sky, And mirrored in the sea beneath, Above the culprit doomed to die. My whole looms like impending death. He heard his doom pronounced in court- He knows the punishment is just; His trembling limbs refuse support; He fears to die-yet die he must. He gazes round-there is no hope I Despair now takes the place of fear, For soon a first or two of rope Will end his short misspent career. The preparations are complete; His mates are slowly filing past; The shot is fastened to his feet, His seconds, too, are pinioned fast. The word is given-the end is near; One moment more- But, if you please, Young Folks, we'll drop the curtain here; We care not for such scenes as these. BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL, SQUARE WORDS. No. 2. My first is used by rich and poor, Its being all folks bless; I will not say from whence it comes, I'll leave my friends to guess. It travels on the railway, and Is carried in a cart; A portion of nigh ev'ry house Is for it set apart. And second's always to be seen Upon the ships that plough The treacherous and changeful sea; 'Tis wooden, I avow. Within a cool and shady nook I sit; no sound is heard- But hark! the strains of flute and harp Warn me that I'm not third. In fourth is viewed a word which means A kind of push or thrust; With no more clue, to find it you Must try-you really must. My last is coupled with the horse, The wind, the railway train, And with th' electric telegraph. Good.bye, friends, once again. E. BAxTER. DIAMOND PUZZLE, No. 3. Hurrah ! for this riddler-raise her a cheer- Long may she in our grand Budget appear. To amuse one and all she, I'm sure, does eudeavour, And every one candidly owns she is clever. Read centrals down and across, then you'll see This clever contributor sure as can be. Hurrah ! let us give her three good, hearty cheers, Which, I'm sure, will be joined in by all Budgetiers. For first take a letter from level or low; An ancient old giant my second will show, And then, my 'cute friends, when you've found out his name, Spell it backwards or forwards, you'll find 'tis the same; Search through your maps if you wish to find third, An African colony 'tis, 'pon my word; For fourth you this right witty riddler must find; For next bring a large Scottish county to mind; A river in England for sixth bring to sight, Turned round, 'tis the same, if you do it aright; For seventh and last, take a letter from white. This puzzle is finished, now guess it aright. H. V. BAIIWELL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 4. Cross Words. Now for my first ascribe One of the finny tribe, Which to the taste is thought both sweet and sound For next a mountain range, And do not think it strange When I say the highest mountain there is found. A sad mishap, I say, Come when or where it may, Is this, no doubt you will with me agree; But with me don't be vexed, When I hope that from my next This puzzle is not altogether free. Within my next men yearn To practise and to learn One of the very noblest of arts ; My next is to be neat, If man or vessel fleet- To anything it tidiness imparts. A high priest this will name; No doubt you'll find the same, When I tell you that it is Mohammedan ; A name for man now find, And please to bear in mind 'Twas one that first the human race began. For last please find a word Which with emotion's heard By mariners who have been tempest tossed; It also gives delight To the traveller at night, When upon the moorland bleak he has been lost. Foundation Words. Now the firsts and finals find, And do not ask the reason, For they'll quickly bring to mind A pastime and a season. J. MYns, Dalton.in.Furness.
CHARADE. No. 5. By yonder rippling brook together Roamed we oft in days of yore; Now the sea us twain must sever, And perchance we meet no more. Many years of joy and gladness Have I passed at fair Lochlea; But alas ! mirth's turned to sadness Since my Willie went to sea. Well-known scenes of bygone pleasure Roam I still at close of day; But there's naught I now more treasure Than a last from far away. First both kind and true's imparted In each same to his lone one, And, though almost broken.hearted, Brings new strength to still hope on. Each, although a total tender, Can't my first quite gratify- Nay, that noble-hearted sender Is my only hope and joy. J. ALconN, Galston. REBUS. No. 6. JACK. HIDDEN TREES. No. 7. Dear Eve,-I am writing to say That Mabel, Maria, and I Are going to-morrow to Cork, To bid cousin Bessie good-bye. She's going to be married next week, And pa, as her guardian, you see, Will have to arrange everything, And Bessie was glad to have me. Oh, Evy, a terrible fire Broke out in our city last night; Five houses were burned to the ground. It gave us a terrible fright. So now, Eve, Ithink I'll conclude- You know that we have to start early; So, with love to yourself, Nell, and May, I remain, dear, your faithful friend, PEARLIE. LOGOGRIPH, No. 8. If you a sweetheart will behead, What huntsmen do you'll have instead Behead, transpose, then comes in view What you and I, my friend, must do. P. N. GArNEY, Dublin.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 9. .-c SPERATUS. METAGRAM. No. 10. A boasting boy once used to first To his schoolfellows that he durst A second climb, whose sides so steep Cast long broad shadows on the deep. So one May day, lovely and fair, He and his friends did thence repair. He had not climbed so very high, When, with a wild, despairing cry, He fell into the sea beneath, From whichwe did him third; but Death Had almost borne him far away, And long it was ere he could play- For he in bed had to be nursed- But when he did, he ne'er did first. C. A. CLARKE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. Beasts of burden-ears a proverb- Queerest gait; Tricks surprising played by this man With a slate; One quick stroke from this in battle Oft will slay; Of this Saxon king you may read Any day. From these spring up the fairest things 'Neath the sky, And we grieve grieve with one accord When they die,. F. MARRIQuT.
ACROSTIC, No. 12. Croess Words. A conserve in my first you'll see; A female's name m next will be; For third an animal put down; And part of you in next is shown; A luscious fruit for fifth indite A serpent for my next please write And then for seventh a flower fair Which throws forth fragrance rich and Eighth is part of our human frame; ndra And ninth will show a Christian name; And then for last a noun please find Which means a sound of any kind. Foundation Words. Initials now please find with care A Budget hero's hidden there. J. G. LsBERT, CHARADE. No. 13. "Oh, my I" said Lill impatiently, "My first's so painful still. My next I cannot fasten I wish you'd try, dear Will." I could not let her ask in vain, So hastened to obey, And then away to join some friends, And spend a pleasant day. Now sailing o'er the placid lake, Now strolling through the wood; Examining now an ancient pile Which on the hill.top stood. Beguiled by pleasure, no one marked The flight of passing hours, Till dewy eve had closed the eyes Of all earth's slumb'ring flowers. Then quickly we did bend our steps To where our horses stood, And galloped down the furze.-grown hill, And through the lonesome wood. But when we reached the village street, We saw a furious crowd Hustling about a captured man, With acclamations loud. So with his captor in the midst The villain vainly w-ithes and twists; And as we passed we plainly saw My whole upon his restive wrists. W. KEARnaL, Bootle, MONOPHONE. No, 14. An idle lad, one summer day, The truant played from school. He wandered far, and then at last He sat him by a pool. While there he sat, he saw a branch, " I will it first," he said, "For it will make 4 first.rate stick, And I shall paint it red." As thus he spoke, he heard a next Of laughter loud and shrill, And looking round, behind a tree He saw his brother Will. "Come home at once, you naughty boy; The truant play no more, Else from your father you will get That which will make you sore." Lucy R. BABavILL. . LOGOGRIPH. No. 15. If in the night you want a light, You are sure to seek me out: Behead, transpose, it will disclose What ladies like, no doubt; Again behead, and on your head You wear me when you're out. J. WLIITELEY, Halifar., DECAPITATIONS. No. 16. My first is what you all must say Before your dinner or your tea; Behead it, and 'twill showa sport By most boys liked, you will agreeCE C. No. 17. An estimation please behead, A kind of gram remains instead; Once more behead, and thenubehold A thing that's slippery and cold. P. N. GaFNEr, Dublin. REVERSION. No. 18. My whole an uncooked thing will be; Reverse it now, I ween, A little word, though dreaded much, Will quickly then be seen. GIfO.a SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. In first is found a unit on cards; And next is the cry of a kind of bird; A female animal is seen in my third. Now solve this con., ye riddling bards. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LhAST WEE 1.-Spring, winter. Thus: 9.--Seven, seen SnoW, PacifI(c), Rever. 10.--Early, earl, er. i sioN, InterpreT, NamE, U11-t cath Gramma;R_. then cook him. 2.-Cape Hatteras. 12.--Vae, vein, val, 3.--Light, right, fight, .-Just, dustbst. might, sight. 14.-Yare, raT. 4.-Cart, hart, "Mart," 15.--old.snn. part, tart. 16.--Clean, clan. 5.--Neek.lace. 18.--Walls have ear 6.- OAK 1S:Sterttart, A KEY ABAN 8,-Brink, rink, ink, ANN