OUR NUTS TO CRACK, 1.
II. OLI PRIZE CHARADE. Deep in the earth my precious firs.t lies low. My.first that soon will glitter richly bright, For eager, anxious toilers crowding go To draw it from its hiding-place to light. 'Tis now. perchance, in festal mansi,,ns seen, Adorning high-born beauties passing fair, And by its means, so marvellous I ween, Have many stranger gues-ts found entrance there. For to my jfirs't the hardest barrier yields, The strongest portal wide before it rolls- Oh, mighty is the sceptre that it wields ! Some for it. sake have bartered e'en their souls. My second will a workman call to mind, No hero he of gala or romance; His neat but humble cottage you may tind Under a spreading chestnut-tree " perchaue.. There, toiling busily, content he lives, And horses oft are shod within his door. 31y .,cond rightly too a surname gives, . One that you probably have heard befbre. 3\h whole a worker in my first will prove, And vet a poet likewise doth it aine, Whose verses, richly musical, we Ive: Long may hii iuem'ry dwell in deUthl!es. tunie! The tender tancies of his glowilng nin With fair. sweet thoughlts his fellow-creautres bl.e,1 ; Noble was he. andl geilerou and kind, Yet little of my first my iwhole po-sesse1. 3tARGAniET SoUrT M[ACIII"TCIE. III. BURIED RIVERS. 1. Seeing. Howard, I laid down my pen. 2. It's untrue that Amy avaricion.-lv did it. 3. I was glad when Alfred entered the mrulm. 4. Notwithstanding it all, Noel eat it. 5. Frank embarrass me? No, not he. G. Your turn. Tracy, Orkney Isles, where are they- 7. Stanley aloud cried 3a! A i.Ain:D i S. '.'1ATiT.iAN. IV, I silent sat my first biside. Beinttil the iln (lleaill slt : And there my secoidI I espied, Upon miy third aloft. M3v si-und t hen I quickly :lta; ld. Biigeed h n mily thuird ;o thurn. An,- t,:d him (,s a h ,,w h,. ma,.) -Iv w'ole I wihuted clto, 1. :r'u. X11~ Lrits lilan~, . 1\-rII1-1" I -cIA\.
-- .. VI. ENIGMA. What am I? Pray tell me When I fairest am to see. Nought I owe to human care For adornment-snildight air, Rain and snow-flakes, cloudy gloom, Plying all their giant loom, Weave my garniture of green, Spangled bright with silver sheen. If, through love of sordid gain, Rule o'er nim thou should'st obtain, Let no word from Scandal's tongue Near me, or 'twill do thee wrong I Let no pressure tax my strength Rudely, lest I fail at length ! Flaws suspected in me scan, For, like fairy talisman, I might break, and bring to thee Dire distress and misery! Yet nmay childre on me play, Laughing, aniy summer's day; Yea, 'and humming insects rest Cradled on my fostering breast. BEATRICE A. .JOURDAN. VII. BURIED ANCIENT CITIES. 'The best coals were very dear. Inl the arena, then, she was in her highest glory. HIe saw the Cairo men in London. Ia the garden lie cultivated the syringa, zapotilla, and heart's-ease. Without'royalty, England would be a republic. He toolk aim:very carefully at it. A boy, to lessons not inclined, To flee from school made up his mind; Then to my first he'd go away, In happiness to spend each day. A chance occurring, off lie went, On liberty and pleasure bent; But suddenly he felt my secomid- On that, alas, lie had not reckoned. So when my third in sight appeared, As lie more ills or dangers feared, With wiser head and sadder looks, He went back gladly to his books. For more lie could not have endurcd, As with my whole lie felt quite cured; And ever since that trial day lie has not wished from school to stray. Wzim. Il. I)osox.