Our friend H. V. BARwELL to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Rally round, and I will tell ye Of two daring firsts of old; List, and you'll hear what befell the Firsts so noble and so bold. Once there lived a lovely maiden, Golden hair, and eyes bright blue; But her heart with grief was laden, For this maid had suitors two. These, the firsts of which I've spoken, Loved the maiden true and well; Each one strove to gain a token, Each one strove his love to tell. And Sir Osgood was the name of One of those who loved the maid; He a noble family came of; He of nothing was afraid. And the other was Sir Ruer, Who in language plain did vow That no one but he should woo her, None but he should her endow. "Varlet," said he to Sir Osgood, When he met with him one day, "Ere you came, to me she was good; But you've stole her heart away." "Meet me, villain," cried the other, "At the second, which does span O'er the stream, and, without bother, We will fight there, man to man." In gay plumes and armour brightened, Met they, and drew forth their swords; But they both were fairly frightened When they heard the following words: "Fight not, knights, with arms well laden; Fight not, 0 dear knights, I pray I Fight not for that gentle maiden, Her pure spirit's passed away." When they heard the news, they dropped their Swords, and hastened off instead To her home, but neither stopped there, For they found the maiden dead. H. V. BARWELL. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. If immersed in fear and doubt, Persevere, and do your best; Brighter days are yet to come; Time will be the surest test. For, possessed of life, there's hope Guiding us, our path to steer; 'Gainst adversity be proof, Only bravely persevere. Cross Words. A Turkish title 'tis averred, And it of late you may have heard. If this be good, I'll take a pattern by it; If not, no power on earth would make me try it. How sweet 'tis to man When his labour is o'er I 'Tis welcomed by all, Be they wealthy or poor. 'Tis unfurled in every city, 'Tis unfurled o'er every sea, And 'twill ever carry with it Honour and prosperity. We all are liable to this, I know, And therefore to conclusions pray be slow, Courageous, bold, it will imply; That Tor was this none will deny. A shepherd who for rudeness, it appears, Was once condemned to sleep for thirty years. If you are good at these, I would engage That you are not a stranger to this page. Yourself-I think not. 'Twould be strange indeed To see you grazing There in yonder mead. G. GRANT, Petersham. MONOPHONICAL CHARADE. No. 3. FIRSTS. The sun was rising in the east, And morning greys were clearing round us, Announcing night's dark reign had ceased; 'Twas'neath the first sky now we found us. The morning breezes, fresh and clear, First amidst the trees before us, First amid the forest drear, And sent the withered leaflets o'er us. SECONDS, Passing by the village church, Pleasant sounds were there to greet us, Seconds clanging from their perch- Such a joyous group to meet us. Such a merry group of nexts, Gladsome laughter to receive us; We mustn't leave them-no pretexts (Reader, did the knowledge grieve us ?). MESSRS. PRICE AND KITCHNER. LOGOGRIPH. No. 4. An animal, change head aright, And a title soon will come to sight; Again change head, and quickly you A prophet then will surely view; Repeat the change, and then you'll scan A liquor favoured much by man; Now, for a change, this time curtail, And behold an insect without fail; Now, once more if you change the head, A river soon you'll see instead. F R. ConLsoN. OENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. If from the oily part of milk The centre you'll delete, I think a word which means to stuff Will then be left complete, J. O'Bm~ x,.
LOGOGRIpHS. No. 6. A county in England behead and transpose, A number I think 'twill then quickly disclose; This please to reverse, and you'll very soon see What fishermen often cast into the sea. J. O'BRIEN. No. 7. Curtail what means to skip or dance, And you will then see at a glance Part of a hood, which once behead, A monkey will be left instead. W. SAuNDERs, Powmill, CHARADE. No. 8. Without my first nothing could live; My second is a game of chance. My whole the famous name will give Of a field of woe for France. GEORGIUS. REBUS. No. 9. C. BELLAIR, Belfast. DECAPITATION. No. 10. The Blackwater river doth flow Through a valley so fertile and gay, The grass on its banks rich does grow, And fish in its waters do play. I seated myself by this river, A. puzzle to make I did try, While Sol his bright rays did deliver; I whole in the water did spy. This beautiful fish then came near, I quietly clipped off its head; This act may seem cruel and queer, But a party appeared in its stead. From this party a liquid I took, An adverb to quickly unscreen; Cast nothing now, and look When a musical note will be seen. FITs Simon', Ballyhooly. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. For first a mineral please put down My second shows a Sussex town; My third's a fish well known to you; And, riddlers, now I'll say adieu. W. KzAarY, Bootle. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12.
W. H. BIRD, Holloway, ENIGMA. No. 13. We're rather sharp, and that in "Letter.Box" Some vanquished youths assail us we've a notion. Well, let them talk, we don't believe in knocks; We much prefer a gliding, downward motion. Though the bright age of chivalry is flown, And gallantry has vanished into Hades, We still are proud our polished selves to own Devoted to the service of the ladies. Ah, cruel fairs, who make of us your sport, Far east our tribe a cherished age obtains, And rich adornment , here, our life cut short, We languish, dwarfed and stunted for our pains. Changed is our shape, but still we meet on earth Attacks unmerited, and Fortune's frown; With blows we're greeted from our very birth, Whoever sees us tries to knock us down. They call us hard, but were they but to greet us With kindly warmth, our hearts would softer be. Dear reader, were you beaten as they beat us, We rather think you'd get as hard as we. Farewell. We hope, the next time you ill.treat us, You'll stop and think what must our feelings be. Miss SrmsRx, Edinburgh.
METAGRAM, No. 14. Oh, list, gentle reader, and give your attention; Oh, list while I sing you this legend so rare;' I've some of the strangest of things now to mention, About wicked Barono, monarch o' Mare. So fond of the first.oup, he thought 'twas delicious; He ne'er led an army to war with the foe, But oft with his subjects was cruel and malicious- Rewarded his servants with many a blow. At night, after next.ing, he often made merry; He cared not a jot for affairs of the State, And, once on a time, he was lively-ay, very; 'Twas pleasant to see in a monarch so great. Then, when he retired, he was troubled by dreaming. Thought he was the lion who had fall'n in a snare, When the mouse (his poor page) his toe nibbled, was screaming "What toe 1" to his guards-oh, bad monarch o' Mare! The next night he dreamed he was lost on a mountain, Fearfully hungry and dying of thirst, Surrounded by third trees, and, oh, for a fountain I He'd have rather had water than gallons of first. He dreamed he was far on the wild, raging ocean, Tossed to and fro at the whim of the waves, And this strange position was causing commotion In the breast of this monarch, the worst of all knaves, He thought himself beggarly, homeless and dying, Dreamed on the unfeeling world he'd been cast, And gazed on the prosperous, fertile lands, crying, " Of all this wide country there's none of it last !" He awoke in the morning, and thought of his badness, Thought of the country he'd given no care, And the heart of the sluggard brimmed over with sadness, And brooding was Barono, monarch o' Mare. And then he determined he'd alter his manners, All of his prisoners-ninety times fourth- He'd release, and his streets he would deck with neat banners And flags of the finest and brightest of cloth. 'Twas done, and he thoughtit a good alteration; He made up his mind he would conquer the foe. He went on to battle, and this animation Made all of his enemies tremble with woe. And the populace wondered and murmured "By Jingol" For this change of fortune was making them stare; They ran about shouting, in very strange lingo, "Long life to our Barono, monarch o' Mare. H. C. Pac., CENTRAL ACROSTIC. No. 15. Foundation Words. 'Twas here that many noble soldiers fell, Slain without mercy by the dusky foe, And few-ah, very few remained to tell Their countrymen the dreadful tale of woel Cross Words. A clumsy boat-you see them float Upon canals and rivers; Next is a throng, if I'm not wrong; This beast gives me the shivers. The firmament by fourth is meant; My fifth's a limb ; and this is A sticky stuff; and it's enough If I say seventh a fish is. A metal next; I'll be perplexed If our Ed. doesn't this my scrawl; Often, I ween; my last is mean. So now I'll say " Good-bye, all." J. Wozswicz. DECAPITATION. No. 16. A well-known country in the north, Mountaino s, cold, and bare; If 'tis behe wice, 'twill turn Unto a gart 'air But if with wehpon sharp you strike Once more without delay. You cannot fail at once to see The home of beasts of prey. W. H. BIan, Holloway. REVERSION. No. 17. 'Tis a pretty little speck, Seen at evening up above; Turn it round-oh, hideous sight! I These are beasts I ne'er could love. W. SAuwnDEIS, Powmill. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. My first a liquor surely is That's nice upon a dusty day; A tiver, then, my next, I wis, That's not from London far away; And last we all must surely do, We could not live a day without. And, now, then, I will say adieu, So try and find my answer out, ------+~--- -