Our friend J. 0. LTUHSDEN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 1. This is a glad, a bright, r, mantic first In umuer time; buit winter's withering blast Hath bar.-d the woodland scions of their leaves, And autumn lo.,k to heave-+, and she gi-ievs 'in think her hopes unto the winds are cast. Great Boreas seems to linger in the air Both day and night, engaged in work or play; The seconds on the houses seem to reel That way and tits, until they make me feel The peerless glories of a former day. Nay, seldom do I third, as was my wont, Beside the silent rivulet or rill, Descanting on the beauties to be found O'er this free, wild, unoultigated grouud. Which neither ploughmafl nor his horse dare till. But I no mourner am, so will not mourn The loss of many joys which are not lied ; My heart shall be a fourth, and point from men Unto the regions of some fairy glen, Where Nature sleepeth, for she is no. do.,d I J. G. IU.1si,t.N. MONOPHON1IS. No. 2. Upon a lovely April day, I wandercd fat' from home away, In bachelor meditation fancy free, Resolved with all I saw content to be. I got some seven wiles or more, When down the rain began to pour, And glad indeed was I my first to see; Second I went, as wet as wet could be. Said a maid standing first the door, o low wet you are, sir, to be sure I l'tl take your second and your walking-cano." "Good-bye," said I, " ulntil we meet agiin." An hour later, sitting first their fire, I began to feel the pangs of hunger dire. The' maid came; said I, "Pray, second for me Some first, for I second very hungry." My meal finished, off I went lirst bed ; Second tired to sleep, I moralized instead, Until the clock struck third (least, so I e(el: .'eld) Then slept first till the sun was shining s ..II As I, next day, my homeward curso pl-lted,. The spectacle I looked was strangely crude: A tattered hat, damp cuffs, and coat ''"donll I .l,l " with rain, It will be long ere I walk far again. ANNiE SrTANT'N. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3. I am composed of letters twelve; A virtue rarely seen. Its nlul you soon will bring to view, Kind frienus and riddlers keen. If von were close to meo you'd say I'm 10, 12, 9, and 3; And 1, 2, 10 without a ,1 hbt, What's used to wri~u . .1 be. My 2, 9, 3 is part of y1.. 1.9, 11, 12 means sple.. : Be good. und of 11, 9, 10, 2 You never will have i-ed. In 1,2. 9,8 you will have A fruit that all h ve, selen; 4, 7, 2, 8 is one that knws What's to c.-me or what has boon. 11, 9,1 will show to you A covering for the b d ; And 1, 9, 1 will be the nod With which the b.'; is are fed. You'll lindl that 4, , h . , 10 A number II shollo o you; And 6.9.4,ani I 5w. bring An ornament to ':ow. SYDNEY CALVYIIrT. GEOGRAPHIC 1 , LOGOGRIPII. N". 4. W-Vh re 1'Prussi'is s ."s victorious stood 'I ' m ls !,rs of !,c io!ld, And l' anice lay h: ipless and subdued, He'r aruly lfor, d: to yield. Inrvking tramPn ,s tion's aid. A different cc ;no shall be surveyed. Beyond ile b; nan vision's bound ''he;r Ilfiy cnummits rise, That. r., , 'd at snow and ico-encrown'd, :ecua musigling with the skies. Curt aill. tl alpnose, the change beho,ld That now has o'er the prospect rolled. Of Araby. a busy port Upon the Indian sea, Where imorchants of the East resort, And tr tlo doth flourish free. The mi process I renew; Chung,-. t.i, and lol the altered view. All I -T li<i l: iilocaie n'O n i " s e.n, It,- c' .itn in ibrig hte ray.I hr.li gu, which, by i lclds and mneadow . r,. A.rIver wllds its way. Curtr:il, tra,:spose, one pictrce more 1 brinli your wound'ring gaze before. Erst down its stre I1U roi al Edgar went, In all a mnonarch'- pri l c : W"h;Io o'er their task his vassals bent, A. tihey the boat oars plied. 1'iI lhotL scenli sales before our eyes; 2 hl cuLrtai:l falls, no mute to rise. T. L. IIIlst E sY.
METAGRAM. No. 5. When twilight shadows crown the woods And silence reigns profound, On every little ltioweret fair, In sparkling drops I'm found. With pickaxe in his brawny hand, And pads upon his knees. 'The woodman hastens to his work To next the forest trees. Romping in the scented fields The livelong autumn day, Sometimes rolling on the grass Oron the third-mown hay. And when the evening shades prevail d, For home we sallied forth, And on the way. to our surpl ise, We met a handsome fourth. We're going for a drive to-day-- I'm sure I don't know where; I'd like to go to fifth myself, It is so charming there. To sit and sixth, or read a book How pleasant 'tis to me, Beside a littlerunning brook, Or 'neath a shady tree I CLARA WILLIAMS. LOGOGRIPH. No. 6. An author sits on his ancient chair, With unwashed face and dishevelled hair, A well-thumbed book is before his sight; He writes and reads from the dawn till night. "Forsooth," cried the guest, "'Tis a savoury stew- In fact, it's the best I've e'er tasted ; that's true." An amicable party, Its members gay and hearty, Their leisure time emplo) ing, A game of cards enjoying. Behold, right worthy Budgctier, This paltry puzzle's end. Farewell ; from me again you'll hear- On that you may depend. E. BATERn, MONOPHONE. No. 7. One summer's morning bright, in Juno, \- started on a precious boun- Our Sunday school excursion. For far-lamecd Bllackpool we sit out, The place of all, without a doubt, To get a day's diversion. The sky all first,the sun shone bright, Which filled our hearts with great delight, Antic p):ling pleasure. Along to Plel we went by rail, 'then soon embarked, across to sail, On board the Golden Treasure. A pleasant sail we did enjoy, Till nearing fast the halfway buoy, When, oh, unlucky day I A thunderstorm at once arose; The sea, till then in calm repose, Grew white with angry spray. Sea-sickness soon did monarch reign ; We all wished we were back again, Or anywhere - what wonder I From water c ilm and weather bright To darkness almost black as night, And heavy rolling thunder. The wind. too, last a hurricane, AnsI down in torrents fell the rain, Thlii waves, too, o'er us springing At length. in what seemed quite an age, We pulled up at the landing-stige, Our light clothes round us clinging. In misery some spent the day, tome, sick of sailing, went straightway, Determined on returning By i ail; and so it proved at night The Treasure had but half the freight She sailed with in the morning. J. MYERs, Dalton-in-Furness. CHARADE. No. 8. I strolled into the country fair, one sunny afternoon : The air was filled with fraurance rare- 'Twas towards the end of Junle- The roses and wild blossom- .rvtet Were blooming far and near; The b:rds were singing ; all was meet To please both eye and ear. At last beneath a tree I lay, Enj] ying the repose, And somehow-how, I cannot say- I fell into a doze, And dreamt that I was young again, and that it was the morn On which I left, with tears and pain, The place where I was born. I saw my faithful little first, Istroked his silky hair (I know his heart was fit to burst When left to others' care) ; I saw old Farmer Smith again, Just as he looked, so sad, As in his next he drew the rein. Andi said, " Good-bye, my lad." I saw the squire come dashing by In whole !iing the road, His splendid ibay I saw it shy, And almost spill its load. I saw each one as they then seemed, I heal d as they then spake- ' When overhead a magpie screamed So shrill it made me wake. JIM.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 9. My first is a weapon Both pointed and long; It's fought 1,its of battles, And slaughtered the strong. Now ph aso to behead me (My head. not my root), And what there is left is A delicious fruit. Now, all you young readers, Behead me again, Part of the human frame I'm sure will semain. J. G. LAMBERT. No. 10. What means to yield, if you behead, Extravagant language you'll have instead ; Behead again, and then, I ween, A very small insect will be seen. JOsEPH WHEATLEY, REBUS. No, 111i CONSTANOE COURTNEY, Seaforth. ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation Word. Primatel, if read aright by you, A certain fish will bring to view. Uross Words. A common bird my first will be, Which everyday, no doubt, you see. A voracious fish my next will show; It lives in streams that gently flow. For next put down abird of prey, That makes its nest of twigs and clay. An animal timid and fleet, Its flesh is very good to eat. For last, a river comes to sight. Now, my dear friends, good night-good night. ALBERT E. U. REBUS. No. 18. EESSIB BROWN, Bootle. SQUARE WORDS. No. 14. An Fnglish town will here be seen I A burning mountain's next, I ween; S mne little insects here you'll see; The fourth a craftsman's tool will be. W. H. CRIPPIN. No. 15. " Arabian Nights," oh, first most fair I I love to read your magic page, Full rich in stories, quaint and rare, Of bygone age. Again upon the strange account Of second's hist, ry I pore; The fatal adamantine mount I see once ;n ore. This man could lift an ox, we read, Without fatigue or laboured breath I A mighty athlete this, but he'd A fearful death. He's shrouded deep in mystery, For little yet of him we know. This man, who can he really be Well, time will show. LOTTIE W., Brighton, _
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &0. OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Lane, pane, bane, cane, MustanG, PilL, DogmA sane. EdeN. NereiD. 2.- Charm, harm, arm, ram, 7.-Connect-i-cut. Sam, ham. 8- -Ploughboy. Thus: Pull, 3.- K Landau, Oak, Umbrella' MAN Go, Hole, Bull, Oh, Yell. P A I NT 9.-Short, sort. C H A It I OT 10.-Sabre, bare. S U PPO T E R 11.- Heir, hair, air, Ayr, CONTEN '1TMENT 12.--Politic. 4.-Damon and Pythias. 13.-Amy, May. 5.- Miner, minor. 14.--Grain, grin. 6.-- ampden, England. 15.-The human breast. Thus: HarE, AutomatoN,