Our friend T. L. HESNEBY to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. N o. 1. Foundation Word. My primals, a ' ower, a fair little thing A small, humble herald of beautiful Spring. Its tiny pale face on the hedges has shown, These welcome, glad tidings to all to make known : "Spring quickly is coming, while, greatly afraid, Grim Winter commences to quake; For a dreadful discovery he has now made- His throne is beg uning to shake. " And, like the clear day but a minute been torn. Dispersing the shades of the night, Soon Spring will the drear scene of Winter adorn In glory as joyous as bright." Oross Words. Nothing is without it done; With it glorious goals are won. 'Twas the sun's departing ray On the quickly dying day. Worst of robbers I maintain; What he steals none can regain. Guardian of our childhood's day, Could we e'er her love repay ? Entertaining, this I seek In our Budget ev'ry week. Brit ns on the stormy wave, In native this all dangers brave. He the cannon stood before When it gave its awful roar. Sounding pleasant in the ear Of each loyal Budgetier. T. L. HEMEIrY. INIGMA. No. 2. Young Folks, I've a ri' dle for you to find out, A very hard nut here to crack; But I thi. k you will gues it, for, like little folks, For find:ng you've got a good knack. Then listen, young people, and hear me to-day, For all thi I tell you is true; If you all of 3 on like it, rewarded I'll be, For I made it alone to plea e you. * * * * I belong to lhb' dazzling. the rich, and the gay, TI e Iand:onme, the gifto f, the young; The butcher, the baker. the candlestirk-maker, You may always find me among: With t e diligent workman, the spondtbr:ft,the queer The beogar, the thief, and the poor; I belong to the Budget. di ny it who can, To Goldenwings, Merlin, and Tor. I belong to a prince, to a lawyer, or judge, E.vry n m hber of Parliament too; It neemq very strnue what belongs to a "nob" Has also been given to you. On the :t h of November the new Lord Mayor Is as proud ,f me as h can be; The pol ce:nan in blue, the soldier so brave, From the day of his birth has had me. Young maidens so fair wish the old one to change, And get one as different and n, w; Now, pray, do not blush, and say that you "don't'' - Iknow very well tht you do Our Budgetier friends, clever Finder and Hope, And every one else that I know. Have each. one and all. though different they be, A something on paper to show. But come,it is time I should talk of myself, Though it is not pol.te to do so; But perhaps you would like to hear what I've got, So I'll till you just four I can show. And curious it is, though they're re'lly my own, Folks use them much more than I do ; I th-nk, when you've crac ed this t oublesome nut, You will see that all this is quite true. When but a smrll child I am given to man, And when he is laid in the grate I am put on a stone that people may see, And long they my memory save. From the very first man to the meek little child, To the poorest at d vilest on earth, I repeat, } et once more, believe me. my friends, I have always belonged from their birth. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway OMEGRAM. Ko. 3. I from market returned one day, 'Cross my first I had wended my way; With my second high up in the sky; On my old third I rode high and dry. But my mind was not easy at all. Little fourth I had promised a doll; Whilst my fifth, that's our darling boy, I had promised to bring a new toy. Like the crusts of proverbial fame, I my promises broke, to my shame; Whilst for sixth trading, at last, I find How the promises quite slipped my mind. Now these words are quite easy to guess, Find the first, then curtail it on lets; Change tail of all after the fir, t you then The answer alight will quiclr~y ktn. J. MYERS, lalton-in-Furness.
PALINDROMES. No. 4. A musical note my whole will name; Backwards or forwards I read the same. POT HOOK. No. 5. My whole a vehicle does name : Turn me round, and I am the same. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. No. 6. These are some mounts, and, strange to may, They read just the same e:ther way. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 7. But half a look, not more, I do maintain, So sly, so shy: Reversed, no better, for 'twill e'er remain As sly as shy. T. L. HEMERY. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8 PUZZLES. My first is in west, idy second's in jest, My third is in yellow and blue; My fourth is in lost, My fifth is in iest. An English town you'll view. J. PARISu. No. 10. One-fourth of task, One-fourth of mask. Also one-fourth of keel; One-fourth isof n esal, One-fourth of coal, And then one-fourth of reel. To these just add one-fourth of dire, And find a town in Lancashire, POT BOO QUOTATION REBUS. No. 11.
TI F. W. PETCHELL. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 12. When in sickness or in trouble, This you should try to be; Central de lete, and then, I'm sure, A kind of right you'll see. H. BEYNON, Bristol, No. 13. Take centre from a certain word That clamour does comprise, The answer then, I'm sure, you'll find Before your very eyes. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. CURTAILMENTS. No. 14. A very brave woman if you thrice curtail, A very brave man you'll have without fai. S. FRIANKLIN, Dublin. No. 15. I am a word which wicked means; But if away you cut my tail, Most wondrous thing I disappear, And ro m naught. But now, don't fail; W. P. WILLIAIIs, Holywell.
DECAPITATION. No. 16. Let's take a look through church-my whole You cannot fail to see; 'Tis there before your eyes quite plain; Please write the name for me. Decapitated, what a change Will now appear to youl For this lies in the open air; Great Britain is one, too. SILVERSPEAR. TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. Under the balsam leaves. whose me Breathes through the Eastern air, An incense up to the morning sk es Like a waft from the bowers of Paradise; Transposed, I have my lair. And the Arab stoops, with his wariness Lul ed by the odorous breath - Stoops. and culls him a fragrant spray; But, ah I for the woful, fatal day I He gathers a hidden death I And so the odour of gentle deeis May play its doothi g part, Till, softened to love, we woo a bride With a bbsorn whose gentleness coth hide A viper coiled for a heart I E. S. Hop,. REVERSIONS. No. 18. A tract of land if you turn round, What's in your house n il then be found. J. A. b EVENS. No. 19. A luminous globe If you turn round, Some dreaded animals will then be found. E. BENNING. METAGRAM. No. 10, Whole, I am a beverage; But if you change my head, A timid kind of animal You'll quickly see instead. But if you change my head once more, I'm sure you then will Fee, Instead of what I was before, A prophet I will be. MORGAN LA FAT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 21. Whe n you are in the mood, A portion of your food B head, and you will v ew A thing you re bound to do. Now if you do bhi t send The first down to the end, The present you will see (hanged to the past by me. Repeat the same once more. And then your ;abour's o'cr; For If 'tis done arigl.t; A drink will come to sight. R. HOLTON, Manchester. CHARADE, No. 22. On the high Alps whose summits p'erco the skies, Ch , to, pure. and undl turbed flr-t always lies; With gloaming fragments, broken by the sun, Gems that have g istened since the world begun. The dying soldier, stre'ched upon the plain, Dreams of the home he ne'er shall see aga'n; ' hen, waking from his sleep, he feebly cries : ' One last of water ere a soldier dies l" But all was still, there was no water near, No answer to h's try did greet his ear; He died a hero and a soldier bravo, And artless total blooms upon his grave. e'. W. PETCHELL. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 23. My first one-fifth of north will be; My next a game at cards you'll see; A name for value next put r'own; My fourth will be an Englimb tocwn; What means bel es is ncx , I know; To do will be my next, I trow: And for my last, one-sixth of he'ght. The centrals. if they are read aricht, An English town will bring to sight. F. NAYLOR, Woolwich. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1 -Battle-axe. 10.-Viaduct. 2.-Arm mar,ram. 11.-Fancy. 3.-- bellin, Berlin, Erin, 12.-Mane, man. Merlin. 13.-Blackfriars. 4-" Our Party." Thub: 14.-Fig, fin, fix, fit, fib, fir. Obi, Umbr lla. Rum, Per- 15 -Bee, bed, beg, Ben, bet, 1haps, Army, Rose, Truth, bey. Yel'ow. 18 -Gag. 5.-Skate, Kate. 17-Pearl, pear, pea. 6.-Place. lace. 18.-Sparrow-hawk. 7.-Glass, lass, ass. 19.- L E A D 8.-Eke. 1 L B E 9.-Pianoforte. Thus: Pe:S, A B L BE IndigO, AiR, NaughT, D B ER Orlf. 20.- G BED SWORD INTRANT PANiIGRANT GEORGEGRAN T INDIGENCE TERRI ER AGATE AND