Our friend E BAXTEz to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONAL ACROSTIC. No. 1. Explanation.
When you disclose the words here hidden, Each one transpose, and then, unbidden, The mystic pall will part asunder, If you, translosing, make no blunder, And " cross words " are at once recorded-' Thus perseverance is rewarded. Foundation Word. When "cross words" are found by the method explained, A liquid renowned in the primals is gained. Transpossd Cross Words. You here will see a kind of dress; And next will be a beast, I guess. I wish it to be understood That this is always made of wood. My fourth will show a kind of cave, To enter which you must be brave. The boundless sea, sparkling and free, Doth bear my last, all will agree. E. BAXTER. ENIGMA. No. 2. On the shore of the laughing and gambolling sea I stand like a monarch, in grim majesty, And the foam bathes my side, and the waves wash my feet, And I'm first that the homeward.bound vessel will greet. Yet in fair London town I am beaten and cut, And my sides are indented with ridges and rut ; Then I'm thrown in the street, for the passengers' feet To be e'er walking over with steps slow or fleet. On the banks of the murky and lazy old Thames, I own a time-honoured and strangest of names, And proudly I rear up my head to the. sky, So mystic, mysterious, and wondrous am I. And why should I grunble, and why should I pine, For is there a name more time-honoured than mine P I slew a great giant, and so again can, For I mark the last home of full many a man ! aEsiaRICH DER WaR.
- _ -_ r4 te { =_c __-_ With one straight out of the scissors turn this into the illustration of a well-known fable.
METAGRAM. No. 3. A short time ago I went down to see My grandfather, old Squire first; A miser was he, and his temper was-well, I think of all men he'd the worst. Very stingy and near, all his tenants with fear Would shake if behind with the rent, Whilst over his features a second would come, Ere he to his anger gave vent. No excuse would he take, or allowances make For the failure of crops or ill-health, But, like Shylock the Jew, he would have his due, Nor my third would he spare from his wealth. Whilst returning from town, one dark winter night, By the pathway that's near the canal, His footing he missed, and 'twas thought he would fourth, But was rescued, and now he's quite well. And e'er since that day, I am happy to say, His temper is gentle and mild . He older and wiser has fifth, and now he Shares his gold with a heart like a child. S. C. HEATH. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 4. " Oh, Annie dear, my love for you I never first in words express I Say, will you promise to be true ?" And Annie answered, softly, "Yes." " Come, put some water in the next, And set it firmly on the fire." Desiring not to make ma vexed, I soqu complied with her desire. I wrote a letter to a friend; Said ma to me, "Your third is bad; I have one which to you I'll lend. 'Tis here, my last, my bonny lad." T. SToar, Saltaire. DECAPITATIONS. No. 5. My first, when found, you will confess, That you can't possibly have less; But if you please behead, when done, You'll find the answer you have won. F. WALLus. No. 6. A branch my first doth point to view; But if you will behead, It then will show, as all should know, A covering for the head. R. GAwar. No. 7. Myfirst is part of the human frame A kind of tree my next will name, Which in the coldest climate grows; An Irish lake my final shows. T. CLA~Ez, Sheffield. CHARADE. No. 8. . .A: fish:and an insect With a vowel unite, " You then will behold -Something sparkling and bright. MxEPirsTo. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. For first, dear friends, a liquor view; Then quick cut off its tail, What means to burn or scorch the skin . You very-soon will hail. Off with its tail, and view instead Part of each grain of wheat- Toggive a hint; it formsithe coat. SBut now I'must retreat. ,:INDBKXDanEN, Fridington.
CHARADE. No. 10. In the tournament I take my stand, To conquer or to die; All doughty knights upon this lanc I challenge and defy. I hurl my.gauntlet at their feet, And this is all I ask, That he who picks it up will meet The knight behind the mask. When gallant knights, in days of yore, Couched low the deadly lance, Impatiently they waited for The foeman to advance. First for the fray each gallant went, In deadly hate to bask; Oft murder was their sole intent, Thinks he behind the mask. Then shield and, sword were in full play, And men were stricken down, And in the lists half-dead they iay, Nor shrani from Death's grim frown; While horses urged by last to fly O'er man and mail and casque Was thought" fine sport " in days gone by, Thinks he behind the mask. Wleol's been immortalized in song; A gallant man was he, A- hero ever borne along, Impetuous, bold, and free. Ever foremost in the field, Right manfully his task He would perform and make them yield; Although behind the mask. T. W. KrTCH~raI . MONOPHONE. No. 11. If to a circus you have been," Perhaps a lady you have seen So light and drastic. Upon a noble coal-black mare, With skill, performs this lady fair Her firsts fantastic. Now whirling round in merry dance, Or up and down the steed will prance, Us all delighting Then clown to the equestrienne brings A paper hoop, through which she springs, On next alighting. CoUnsoN AND PICuRING.'
ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation Woerd. When the summer flowers are faded, And the hbarvest.time is o'er, Full of primals, peace, and gladness, Dear old Christmas comes once more._ Cross Words. My first is the name Of a riddler of fame; My second is always quite cold; My third you have won When your work is.done; And fourth was a hero so bold; My last is a tree That at Christmas you'll see; To help house adornment 'tis sold. MAxtoe L. TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. ' CENTRAL DELETION. No. 13. A proverb, a saying, or a wise-old saw This means when 'tis complete; And a word that means to mutilate, If the centre you delete. VEREr.O LOGOGRIPH. No. 14. In first the birds all stay at night, And often in it they will fight; If you will kindly it transpose, I'm sure 'twill ve, - soon disclose SA word that means tol to despatch A bundle, or, at least, a batch. Behead, transpose, and you-will see What catches fish it then willbe; Transpose again, and, I declare, . ..That equal to five running pair It then will be. Nows please to.guess, ,And soon the answer you'll possess. .D3E31OSTEENES, METAGRAM. No. 15. First is a very famous bird, And you may think it is absurd. To say in second it is found- But it is so. Please look around,, And next is what you're sure to .be, If you the answer do not see.' R. MON eor EISrT , SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. A M1oorishruler is my first, So-please to write him down;. My nehit doth. always follow,day In country or-in:town. My last is seen in ournful-spots; t is an e~ergreen tree. And now, deav riddlers i you" seek, :'The answer you will'see. B. Doue. As, Bury.