Our friend H. V. BARWELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words.
Hail, O primals, splendid season, Best and brightest of them all, When thou'rt near us thou dost cheer us; Loved art thou by great and small., When the pretty flowers are blooming, And the birds begin to sing, These bright tokens give us warning, Primals, thou art on the wing. But, 0 finals, thou art not so Bright and cheerful-nothing near; Thou caunst not compete with primals, For thy days are dark and drear. With thee cometh no sweet flowers, All the trees are standing bare; But, in primals, flowers and trees are Clothed with verdant foliage rare. Cross Words. When finals are with us, ,My first you will see, Which falls, and does give us Great warmth, you'll agree. An ocean is second, But take off its tail, Then you'll see, I have reckoned, The word without fail. A puzzle is next-you'll Perhaps see it here; It not, don't get vexed, you'll Soon find it, ne'er fear. My fourth to explain means, Of that there's no doubt, And as it so plain seems, You'll soon find it out. A great appellation In next you will see; With every relation And friend it will be. The science of speaking iMy last brings to sight. Now, I hope you'llbe seeking The answer aright. H. V. BARWI:LL. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 2. ,u FLORENCE, County Cork, METAGRAMS. No. 3. Dawns the morning; Phmebas gaily O'er the earth his first now throws; Bright the landscape; still the camp lies Hushed in dreamy, sweet repose. Silence to be rudely broken, Brightness to be sullied soon; Now where fragrant flowers flourish Soon shall warriors brave be strewn. Hark ! a faint but thrilling murmur Breaks the stillness of the camp, And the soldiers, torn from slumber, Hear that slow yet measured tramp. Now the bugle's warning summons To his post each warrior brings; Soon, with weapons bared and gleaming, Each into the saddle springs. Firm, they know they third for second; Silent, they await the foe. Though the now-appearing army Far outnumbers theirs; and, lo I Swiftly that dark mass advances, Bullets fall around like rain- Third they must, like gallant soldiers, Or as craven cowards be slain. Once again will fourth and second In this deadly conflict meet; Fourth is doomed to always suffer An inglorious defeat. Slain and wounded now together Lie unnumbered; friend and foe, Mingling each with one another, Fall the chargers' hoofs below. But th' invaders, soon regaining Strength and numbers rapidly, Onward press. Did mortal ever Such a fifth-such carnage see I But they're met by firm resistance, And their headlong course is stayed; Now they fly in dire disorder- Fly, diminished and dismayed. Thus was fourth by second conquered, Thus its foes were forced to fly; Strong, though small in numbers, second Ever gains the victory. J. CHARLES, Belfast. No. 4. A carriage for my first please take; Change head, an animal 'twill make; Then change again, and you will see Part of our delightful B.; If changed again, it then will state What moans, I'm sure, to separato; Now once nmore change, and you will see An edible it then will be. J. G. LAIBERT.
CHARADE. No. 5. If whole, dear friends, you'd wish to see, Gaze on my first, and there 'Tis seen; It may of beads or second be, Or rubies rich and rare, I ween. Of each one's frame you'll find, I trow, That first a part will form, 'Tis true; And worn on first is second, though 'Tis thin and far from warm. Adieu J. CHARLES, Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. No. 6. My first's a good old English tree; My second comes to you and me; My third doth bring security. J.W. C. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No, 7. Dunn DICE, Bathgates.
DECAPITATION. No. 8. If you a border will behead, A place for pastime comes instead; Again behead, and you will find A thing that shows another's mind. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 9. From seven take five; Subtract it clean, And what remains Will now be seen. GEORGE G CURTAILMENT. No. 10. Dear reader, in whole you'll behold A word meaning prior in time; Curtail it, and it will unfold A title that's very sublime; The process now once more repeat, And then you will instantly see An organ that forms part of you. Now, reader, its name tell to nmc. J. G. LAnMBERT. PROVERB REBUS. No. 11. CoNvoLVILUS, Hatcham. MONOPHONE. No. 12. FIRST. I'm far above the reach of all, In golden garb displayed, Upon the lordling's spacious hall; Sometimes I feel inclined to fall When winds have had a raid. SECOND. My uses are most manifold Upon the human frame; I could not be procured by gold, For in my hand your life I hold, And keep the key of same. THIRD. I love a man whose honest heart Is ever in its place, Who from the truth would not depart, Nor ever show my suble art Upon his cheery face. L'ENVOI. These three which I have now revealed In rhythm rather lax, Are safe within the packet sealed, And who will break the wax P Ii. C. LEONARD.
METAGRAM. No. 13. We stood upon a crater's blackened lip, And gazing down its depths all dark and dism Trembled to think that first one little slip l Would hurl us both into that gulf abysmal. And when the next eruption should arise, The fire, by inward conflagration quickened, Wouldburn us, heeding not our anguished cries Till naught of we poor bards remained but secnd And when relations heard of our sad doom, They'd come among the ashes and collect s, And p'r'aps a marble third upon our tomb ' They'd place, to prove how they did once respect s. Our parents would'of our decease peruse, And tears would be outpoured by each fond mater, And Mrs. Brown, when she had heard the news, Would cry," What I Burnt'em up I The eruelraterf, I, Binstead, meant this as a masterstroke Of touching, tearful, and awe.striking pathos, But Croysdill would force in that sickly joke, And thus turn my " sensation" into bathos. BINSTEAD AND CnosoDLL, LOGOGRIPHI. No. 14. An English river this is, I am sure; But reverse and curtail it for me, And when it is done, I have not a doubt, A nice kind of fish you will see. W. KEARNEY, Bootie, CHARADE. No. 15. On earth my first is very rare, And is with man his greatest care; " Under the spreading chestnut tree" My second you will surely see. A favourite poet whole will name, Who died and left a living fame; Some " Ugly " called this witty man, Now tell the answer if you can. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 16. My first, I hope you always are; Then please take out the middle, What Scottish men their tribes do name Will end this little riddle. THREEn LITLE 1KTrENS, PROVERB REBUS. No 17., B. T. 3B,, Normanton, DECAPITATION. No. 18, Whole means to shrink or to set aom; Decapitate it now, What's left you very soon could eat, And perhaps like it too; Behead again, and then what means Practical skill 'twill show. My riddle's done, so I must say Good.bye to all of you. G. LA SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. If you would wish my first to see, An isle 'twill bring to view; And next what's lent w:ll surely be, But not, I hope, to you; My third a place will bring to mind In which our corn we store; In last a girl's name you will ftid, So now I'll say no more, KLiaio,. 4, -- ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Flowers. Thus: Gold. 9.-Mad, dam. Finch, starLight, brOok, 10.-A forward man so wayWard, friEnds, strife. chaRade, acroStics. 11.-March, charm. 2.-I N T R O U B L E 1. -Dream, dran . R UB I CO N 13.-Nape, napha. a Th E T A R Emily, Liverpool, Eye L E L "Party," Hare, Al AD A Norwich, Tyne. N UN 15.--Lamp, ,lamp, camp DID 16.-Cash.mere. 3.-Dear, deer. 17.--May.flower. 4.-Hedge.hog. 18.- H A A P 5.-Nothing. A S I A 6.-Heat-hen. A I - 7.-New brooms sweep P1 o A ob clean. 19.--Comb, mob. 8.-Table, Elba, 20.--Necktie. 21.- Pride, ugly pride, sometimes is seen By haughty looks and lofty mien; But oftener it is found that pride Loves deep within the heart to hide, And while the looks are mild and far, It sits and does its mischief there. 22.- Our Budgept supplies us with stories so rare, Brave heroes so bold, and with heroines fair; Fromu " Jack" to the " Tournament " notbiv mid That would injure or hurt the most seasitiol