Our friend H. C. PRICE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1.
Upon his shoulder laid the golden head- " Farewell, sweet lass," the sailor softly said; " Farewell, sweet lass, and when I'm on the sea, When direful danger's first, I'll think of thee. For thee I go in distant seas to brave An ocean's dangers on its angry wave; I go, and all that I desire, next Flo, Is that by your sweet lips, dear, I may know You ever to your Fred will be sincere, And love him just as though he lingered here." " Oh, Fred I" she sighed, and raised her golden head, And, looking in his face, those blue eyes said, " I will-I will be ever true to thee, And love thee when thou art upon the sea." And then the sailor kissed the blushing maid, Then hast'ning from her, " Fare thee well," he bade, And sailor Fred fast hied to distant land. He lingered for some thirds on foreign strand, And when at sea the angry storm-clouds fought, No fourth he knew, in danger shrunk from naught; And often, when a thousand leagues away, He'd think of Flo, and for her safety pray. Meanwhile, within her sweet and happy home, Sweet Flo would wonder why her Fred would roam; And ofttimes, when the morning greys had sped, She'd walk along the shore with lingering tread, Or stand alone and gaze upon the sea, In all its sullen, fierce monotony, And gaze again, and hang her golden head, Drop a silent fifth, and think of Fred. Two thirds had passed, and now another one Was waning fast-'twould very soon be gone; Still sailor Fred returned not to his home, Still Florence wished and hoped that he would come. Who is this sailor with the stalwart form, Which seems as though'twould even breast the storm P Who is it clasps sweet Florence to his breast, And on his sturdy shoulder lies to rest Her golden head, which laid so long ago In that same place ? while pretty Flo Lifts the blue eyes, and raises up her head And murmurs, "You have come, my sailor Fred!" H. C. PRICE. ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 2. Foundation Words. Now, reader, please try, with a steadfast intention, To solve me this simple but well.meant invention; My centrals, read downwards, to you will unfold A riddler of fame, which you'll quickly behold. Cross Words. A bouquet in my first you'll see; My second will a riddle be; A good old English tree comes next; And fourth is hidden in perplexed; My fifth is preterite of eat; Next's part of you-'tis not your feet; Love my seventh will signify. Riddle.solve.a, now good-bye. J. G. LAEnsar. ENIGMA. No. 3. When hoary old 71inter appears, I am found, Calm and majestical, standing my ground, He'll strip off my clothing, no doubt thinking I In time must succumb like the flowers and die. I am found on the river and float with the tide ; Through dark, frowning arches together we ride ; Man's will I have answered to such an extent That oft on a submarine errand I'm sent. LAhl speaking of errands reminds me that I May often be seen on my way to the sky. Alas I I ne'er reach it, I'm doomed, like a ball When thrownin the air, on the hard ground to fall. I am found in the mansion, where great people dwell, I'm seen in thelabourer's cottage as well; I'm found in the meadows, where wild flowers grow- In fact, you'll observe me Wherever you go. Sometimes a companion a man makes of me; I answer his purpose-ay, just to a " T," For oft when he s " set on" by robbers, I make These wicked intruders both shiver and quake. I often wear coats which envelop me quite; In colours they vary, for sometimes they'ro white, Blue, green, and red, pink, yellow, and brown; My long legs are covered, also is my crown. I'm crushed down and trodden'neath men's cruel feet ; I answer the purpose of stones in the street Here in London (I'm doubtful about other parts), Thus proving a victim to horses and carts. Across the wide ocean I travel, and view Many great wonders, and foreign lands, too; I ride like a cork on the white.crested wave, And oft prove a boon to the helpless and brave. At home I'm regarded with favour by all; I prove a convenience, though awkward, withal; The baby sits on me, and gleefully crows, And oft I'm rewarded with many hard blows. To wind up this lengthy effusion of mine, I'll tell you, in secret, you often will dine With me; for, without me, what would the folks doP Methinks they would all look decidedly blue. T. W. KITCHNPR. CHARADE. No. 4. Now do I sit me down to write again, Now do I ask thee, gentle friend, to list,- List to my poor attempt, a puzzling strain; Would I could add a tinge of wit to such refrain, Involved, as this charade, in riddling mist 1 But stay While rattle I about my con. The first of its true merit quite disperses The cruel thought-sppose 'tis gazed upon By those who wonder where the merit's gone 1 Suppose our good, kind Ed. declines my verses I Ab, then I should indeed be very sad, Then should I suffer dis~ poiptments biting. But, there 1 Vext space I really should hnivb had Forintroduction--total and too bad It was of me.: No con;,I'll now be writing, G SSxxmarx A .I ,
CHARADE. No. 5. Fall gently, ye leaves of the orchard, Your hurried pace abate; With your crisp brown coats that once were green, Ye tell the summer's fate. Fall gently, ye leaves of the fruit tree, So bare the boughs will be; And the gnarled old trunk of my final Is sure to agree with me. Fall gently, ye leaves of my primal, Leave whole to face the storm, For when ye have fled the contest, He dares to show his form. Fall gently, ye leaves of the orchard, Your hurried pace abate, Or, too soon, the cold snows of winter Will tell the autumn's fate. F. MAaaorr. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 6. (2 . W. H. BIRD, Holloway. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. Beneath the limes the lovers stand, To take a last adieu, And plight their vows, clasped hand in hand, To keep for ever true. They parted--miles across the sea, In foreign lands, he strayed; But still unchanged in mind kept he, And true at home the maid. Again beneath the branches green The faithful couple meet, While on each face the smile is seen Of happiness complete. T. L. HzxEar. LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. If you behead a kind of bird, And also please transpose, A tree of which you all have heard It quickly will disclose; This curtailed aright by you, A useful article comes to view. F. R. ConusoN.
REBUS. ý S Sc0ool BOARD X MAS RAIDOLPHn MUaVRa, Glasgow. DECAPITATION. No. 10. When people are thirsty They long for asvhole Of pure. sparkjing water, Just fresh frointhe bowl. And after beheading, You'llnd that in June You can skate upon me Morn,'evening, or noon. Now, lastly, behead me,. A liquid yoa'llsee, And, athough mostly black, Any hue I can be. NIL DEPERANDOa,. Galashiels. METAGRAM. No. 11 A kind of fruit; if you change head,.; An. . animal you'll baoe instead. Change head again, and then I trow, .A kind of dance'twill'cluickly sihow; S... Change head again, and then, Iween, A 'kiud of chr will now.be seen; Repeat th .hange ahd theni yo'll view'" , Whatieans not snial:. onowaat ' : . 1', . TwoYET.
MESOSTIC EI. No. 12. Foundation Word. Ah, would that every mortal here The magic power could find To see through hearts, and therein view What centrals lurks behind I For half the misery and grief Around us that we see Might be dispelled if we could but Say "Open, sesame." Cross Words. Fickle,indeed! It comes and leaves as quick. To me I only wish for e'er 'twould stick. Rhetoric's art I do not claim To reach, But this will be, for all the same, My speech. For something good I am in quest, And this of policies 's the best. Play not with this, Whate'er you do; It may be false; I trust 'tis true. Though filthy called, I only trust That it may come to me; I don't want to create disgust, But natural it will be. Husband of Eurydice, Skilled in music you would be. Of flowers, I think. First I possess; 'Second is jolly; Pray, totals guess. This statement, haply, may surpass belief; A title 'tis, though it may be of beef. 'Tis a mark of assent, With this be content. G. GRAT, Petersham. DELETION. No. 13. No laughter broke the silence, wher, Our little cottage stood; But all were weary, worn with care, And toiled in solemn mood. For in his bed'our Jamie lay, The darling of our home, The first had seized him yesterday While he the fields did roam. And father, mother, earnest prayed Their only boy might live. When doctor came, he slowly said, " He medicine would give, If we had money it to buy," Though truly we had not. And mother sat her down to cry, To mourn her lowly lot. No corn was ripe which we had sown, When second would be saved; While Milly sat her on a stone, Her feet by brooklet laved, Then, kneeling, told her simple tale, And prayed for quick relief, Unconscious that old Farmer Hale Stood witnessing her grief. With heart grown sadder, home she went. At eve, to her surprise, A pa~cket came," To Milly sent," And just before her eyes A golden coin came rolling out- At last her prayer was beard! Now Jamie soon will trot about, All in her great joy shared. P. M,'C .L, Dublin. SQUARE WORDS. No. 14. A friend, of mine he owns a first In a iht beautiful and healthy; Its second is of wide extent- My friend's considered wealthy. A visit once I paid my friend, And as we strolled together, On various topics we conversed- The crops, also the weather. "But where is Jack," I asked his son., "Your dog so true and dear " The boy he turned his face aside, And brushed away a tear. Heled me to the third of first, Where I saw a small green mound. "It fourths the spot wherein, be cried, " I've laid my faithful hound." I said no more, and then we turned And slowly sauntered back; But while I live, I'll ne'er forget The grave of poor old Jack. BeD DsAGO'.