-,--~---- -~C~IL~L-- K$iI PRE n B o\m ~0-3_ k' r. N~J~- L··. 1~7~'~b~ - ·I ···-i
All communications on any subject connected withl tleso prizes must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is cxpected, a stamped and directed envelope or postcard should be en- closed :-Tee P zzLE AND EssAY ED iTon, Ofice of " Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, London, e. For conditions and rules (by which all candidates must be guided), see page 6, No. 53. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which ap- peared in No. 54 of " Our Darlings ":- FoR SENIons. ANSWER TO PUZZLE NO. III.-Henry IV. of France alwrys expressed great fear on entering a coach, as it had been fore- told by astrologers that he would die in one. This fear was strangely confirmed; he was stabbed to death in his coach by a man named Ravaillac, in 1610.
AsswEs To PUZZLE No. IV.-The dust of a city (Matt. x. 11; Acts xiii. 51, xviii. 6). Son JUoxoRs. ANSWER TO PUZZLE No. III.-William Pitt, Earl of Chatham. The question was American independence; his advice was not followed. ANswuR To PUzzLE No IV.-Jehosheba, daughter of King Joram, who saved Joash in the slaughter of the king's sons by Athaliah (2 Kings xi. 23). PRIZES.-A BOOK (VALVE 3s. 6d.) Was awarded to each of the following for correct answers:- SENIORS. Essrs Pear (11), 27, Brook Street, Gloucester. HenD TAPP (13), 1, Naunton Park Villa, Cheltenham. Juxioos. gfnaI HoniuERN (11), Toksowa House, Dulwich. NELLIE ANDRsws (10o), Park Street, Woburn. SYDcEY H. SBMITH.(10o),Clyde Villa, Winchelsea. PeRCY COLEMAN (10), 4, Stanford Road, Brighton. We commend the following in the Junior section for correct answers:-M. Anderson, I. Adams, E. R. Broome, G. Broad- bent, G. B. Barham, M. Cooke, A. Chettle, G. Day, A. Filling- ham, H. Frazer, M. L. Frazer, J. E. Frazer, B. Garrett, G. M. Gladstone, E. Govan, G. E. Healing, R. Holtby, N. E. Hordern, F. Hewitt, E. Hewitt, L. Jack, W. Jenkins, H. M. Knight, K. Listen, N. Lloyd, E. B. Meakin, J. Mennick, K. McGill, W. Murray, B. Osbaldiston, E. Roe, R. Stewart, T. Trotter, W. Wilkins, C. C. Wilkins. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [Fote.-The Puzzles in prose are taken from Sacred and Pro- fane History, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will fur- nish us with themes. The puzzles in r'hyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIORS. Foun books, of the published value of 3s. 6d. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candi- dates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE No. XXIII.-A young prince of gentle and peaceable disposition, was all his early life subject to harsh treatment from his father for his dislike to war and the use of tobacco. He was fond of music, but his flute was broken, and he at last cast into prison by his cruel parent. At the age of twenty-one, he was only allowed to stand behind his mother's chair dressed in a suit of grey. This prince afterwards became one of the greatest monarchs in history, and added to his territory nearly fifteen hundred square miles without incurring a penny of debt. He was a great writer, an accomplished musician, and extremely liberal to the poor. Namce the monarch. PUzzLE No. XXIV. 'Twas only a song, and its words were few, But those who were singing it little knew How great was the harm then done; They knew not how fiercely the anger blazed, How bitter a spirit their chanting raised, Nor what sorrow they wrought for him they praised, As they told of victories won. For many a weary night and day, And many a season, passed away Ere malice was forgot; And then when by wealth and honour crowned, For many a victory renowned, The hunted, way-worn wanderer found A peaceful, happy lot. Son JunioRs. The Foun most successful and satisfactory: candidates will receive each a book of the published price of 3s. 6d., and of their evn selection. PUZZLE No. XXIII.-A small article, which we hold
lightly but constantly need, invented more than three hundred years ago, was first made use of in England by one of its queens, and then considered so much too good for common property that they were only allowed to b4 exposed for sale twice a year in an open shop. This gave rise to an arrangement which still exists in families, retaining its original name. Name the invention, and who first profited by it. PUZZLE No. XXIV. One hid his sin and sat on high, And vainly thought he should not die, But could he shun God's searching eye ? There came a holy one, alas, He saw his sin as in a glass, In dark array before him pass. And death he judged another one, Who lesser ill than his had done, The wrong he did not fear or shun. What evil hearts we have within When we can see another's sin, Yet blind unto our own have been. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR JANUARY, 1883. IGHT Beautiful Books and TWELVE Certilicates of Mecrit will be awarded this month to the writers of the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. They will be divided as follows: Fours Books and Six Certificates in each section, between the Senior and Jun inr Candidates. In every case the names of the prize-winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For directions, see General Rudes. SENIOR SUBJECT.-" In the Old and New Testament are found several Riddles, Puzzles, or Parables, i.e. dark sayings, for which solutions were not easily found. Give a list of all these, with references to the passages, and as far as you can, the solutions." JUNIon SUBJECT.-" Give somne accoe0nt of the I ild Animals mentioned in Holy Scripture." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. TWENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £36, Will be given away at the close of 1883 for the best answers to the 150 Questions which will appear during the twelve months of 1882-3. 1st, £5; 2nd, £1; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2; 6th, £1 15s.; 7th, £1l15s.; 8th, £ l10s.; 9th, £1 10s.; 10th, £1 5s.; 11th, £1 5s.; 12th, £1; 13th, £1; 14th, 15s.; 15th, 15s. ; 16th, 15s. ; 17th, 15s.; 18th, 15s.; 19th, 15s.; 20th, 10s.; 21st, 10s. ; 22nd, 10s.; 23rd, 10s.; 24th, 10s.; 25th, 10s.; 26th, a Bible with Maps and Illus- trations; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. Ta THIIE PRINTED oir, n whick (Lanswers to THESE SCRIP- TURE QUESTIONS uosrT be sent in, together with the condiliou.s of competition, mall be had by enclosing tico postage stamps addressed to the Edito of "Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, Lon- don, E. 31. What existing territory is nearly identical with the term Cush? 32. Of the races sprung from Cush, who are accepted as indicated by Seba ? 33. What information does the notices we have in Scripture of Seba give us ?