Ounr friend G. GRANT to-day takes the lead in he RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIO. No. L Foundation Words. May blessings attend her, And gladness and joy; May Fortune defend her, And love never cloy. Her tales are so pleasing, And teeming with mirth ; From virtue ne'er ceasing, To good giving birth. So join me in giving Our wishes, and hope That she, while here living, 'Gainst danger may cope; That she in contentment And health may reside, And still with our Young Folks For years may abide. Cross Words. In times of peace, in days of war, 'Twas used by valiant knights of yore The blacksmith he can surely bring From me a sweet and merry ring. By these oar every path through life Are hourly beset, And woe, adver ity, and strife On every hand are met. A herring for breakfast to me is a treat, And here plenty of them your vision will greet. A liquid perfume, often used by the dandy, When the air is impure it may prove to be handy. Hero British valour gained nndyin; fame; Again, as Britons, we could do the same. A horrid noise to you it now appears, Whoe hearJ, 'tis certain to offend your ears If I should wring your hand, Dear Mary, when we linger, There's naught that can command That I should (w)ring your finger. To be dejected or d_ pressed in mind Within this light, undoubtedly, you'l find, Without an eloquent oration You have applause and acclimation. G. GErANT, Bayswater. NUMERICAL CHAR ADE. No. 2. I here my riddling friends inform The echo does my Wholo perform ; In count, its letters are eleven, Yet it contains one loss than seven 6, 4, 2, 5 a liquor names; 10, 9, 5, 2 a weed; I truly say 6, 9, 1, 7 Is very baeo indeed. 6, 4. 9 8 then surely will An animal be found; Whilst 3, 4, 11, 8, now will Imply to turn around. 10, 7, 9, 8 in sorrow oft Is seen upon the face ; 8, 4, 9, 5 sti 1 lags behind, So now 'tis in its place. J. MYsas, Dalton-in-Furnees ENIGMA. No. 3. By me the nation has been moved to tears, Thb guilty wretch condemned to die; I've filled the weak with everlasting fears, And made the stony-hearted cry ; By me all nations have been plunged in war, And fields of dead have shocked the eye; By me the tender ye irnings of a mother I've often done my very best to smother. My tone is sometimes in a quarrel mild, And kindness is the weapon often used; At other times my actions have been wild, And lies and slanders thickly been diffused : To use friend Pat's words, " Oive been rhilod," And from my gentler moods broke loose; But when a timid lover's talk is stup'd, I've done my best to help my friend Dan Cupid. My signs are sometimes in a manner crude, The sentiments I use are very weak; At other times, in pointedness, I'm rude, And often I my real mind must speak; And when I do, my object is construed Most wrongly by those who try to seek ; But there, my use and attributes a e many- You buy me by the changing of a penny. H. COLgTE. PUZZLE. No. 4. My first is in deer, My second's in fear, My third is in purple and brown; My fourth is in beer, My fifth is in year. And my whole is an English town. J. PARISH.
PALINDROME. No. 5. This word is found in every book: Direct and reverse it means a sly look. SIR LAUNCELOT. CURTAILMENTS. No. 6. Curtail a title, and you'll find An Irish county brought to mind. POT HOOK. No. 7. A boy's name, when twice curtailed by you, Will quickly bring a foreign coln to view. J. C. Howss. DECAPITAT ION. No. 8. If you a kind of fruit behead, Part of the human frame you'll have instead. POT HOOK. PROVERB REBUS. No. 9. LOTTIE W., Brighton. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 10. I am a kind of crown ; the centre delete, And upon a wet day I am seen in the street. POT HOOf. No. 11. While writing my puzzle Iy whole I am using; Bereft of my centre, It may be amusing. G. GRANT, Bayswater. REVERSIONS. No. 12. A beautiful animal if you turn round, A very wild plant will then be found. S. FRANKLIN, Dubli's. No. 13. A large-sized cask if you turn round, A beautiful fruit will then be found. E. BENNING. No. 14. Please to reverse a little spot, A weight, I'm sure, you now have got. LOTrY W., Br:ghton. PROVERB REBUS. No. 15.
E. C. TYMMs. DECAPITATIONS. No. 16. If you do now my whole behead, Which is a country place, You'll find, I know, beneath your gaze, A part below the face. W. P. WILLIAMS, HolywolU. No. 17. An animal of head bereft, Now mind you do it right; And now transpose that which is left, And a flower will come to sight. MORGAN LA FAY. No. 18. Of a word of five letters the first take away, And a very rude whole you will see; And now behead this in a similar way, And a true sailor term it will be. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. TRANSPOSITION. No. 19. A foreign Christian name If you transpose aright, A well-known English bird 'Twill quickly bring to sight. MESERs. CRIDLAND AND DALE, Leicester.
VERBAL CHARADE. No. 20. My first is in France, bright, sunny, and gay; My second'. in Rome, grown old and gry My third is in England, so gallant and bold; My fourth is in India. whose wealth is untold; My fifth is in Erina, fair island of green; My sixth is in Victoria, our sovereign queen: My seventh's in Italy, sweet land of my dreams; My eighth is in Greece, famed for dark-eyed syrens; My last is in kiss, oh, sweetest little thing Which lovers prize so greatly, But by prudes 'tis deemed a sin. Please read this simple riddle through And a Christian name 'twill show to you, ALICE MAY, Roohdale. METAGRAM. No. 21. For first put down a fruit well-known In Egypt's sunny clime; My second's seen in every field, You've passed it many a time. My third we cannot fight against, Though many would, I trow; My fourth's a human passion, which I hope you'll never know. My fifth's a female Christian name, As you will quickly see; My sixth, I hope, you never are, But rather early be. My next on every ship is found, It is not helm or mast; And now, to end this little rhyme, Part of your head's my last. When you have found my primal out, To find the others, too, Just change the head, a simple thing- Now, riddlers all, adieu. W. A. WILLIAMs, Neath, CHARADE. No. S2. An article of clothing In my first you'll see; Next is a kind of wholesome food, Well-known to you and me. Now. riddlers, if together You'll kindly join the two, A sudden whim or fancy 'Twill show-so now adieu. FLOSBIE B. OMEGRAM. SNo. 23. A name for man if twice curtailed, The residue will show What oft is kept about the house, Cat, dog, or bird, you know. A vegetable now you'll have, If you but change the tail ; Repeat the change, a kind of pin To see you will not faiL If changed again, a seat enclosed You'll find it then implies; Repeat the change. a prefix view Which fully signifies. Now please(to change the tail once more, And if you do it right, A very useful article Will then appear in sight. J. MIERs, Dalton-ln-Furness ALPHABETICAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 24. A ttention, please, Young Folks, is what I now crave, B y granting it quickly much time we shall save; C ome and help me in solving this diamond square; D on't refuse your assistance-the'pleasuro you'll share I E very page of our journal the first doth contain; F or a girl's Christian name see the second quite plain; G o and listen a moment by Master Pig's shed ; H ear him third. He can't talk, so he does this instead ; I was fourth very slowly through Fleet-street, E.C, J ust seeking for fifth, which I found instantly; K Heeling down by a kerb was a man papers folding; L ying close at his side I was quickly beholding lM any numbers of "Funny Folk's Annual" there- N, o lack of the fifth is in that, I declare; O n buying a copy, I homeward was speeding, P leased with my purchase, and longing for reading; Q uickly I stopped, the strains of a band R esounded clearly from a street near at hand; S ounds of the sixth were, indeed; next in tone, T hough the air was entrusted to that sixth alone. U nwilling that music should cause more delay, V exed with myself for prolonging my stay, W ith a few hurried steps, here's the eighth of the square 'X actly facing my residence there ; Y oung Folks, for the ninth, you may search well in tides. Z ealous be, and the centrals our Budget provides. WAL KIMPTox. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &O., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Primrose. Thus : Per- 12.-Patient, patent, severance, Red, Idleness, 13.-Noise, nose. Mother, Reading, Oak, 14.-Heroine, hero. Soldier, Editor. 15.-Naughty, naught. 2.-A name. 16.-Aisle, isle. 3 -Marsh, Mars, mare, 17.-Sap, asp. Mary, Mark, marl, mart. 18.-Moor, room. 4.-Minim. 19.-Star, rats. 5 --ig. 20.-Beer, deer, seer. 6.--Ava. 21.-Meat, eat, ate, tea. 7.-Peep. 22.-Snow-drop. 8-All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy. 28.- N 9.-Wells. L 0 0 1O--Salford. W 0 T H 11.--"Steer to that shore t" NORWI OH they said; "do thisl" F A I T H -'tis done; ACT "Now form and follow H me, the sppil is won 1"