Our friend W. NELSON to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
When blossoms fair adorn the plain, When Nature, decked in fairest train," Spreads o'er the fields her perfumb sweet, 'Tis then my voice, with charming greet, Sounds in a lively twit, twit, twit, From off my rosy-mantled seat. My first the colour does portray Of whole, enchahtinig with his lay; My second signifies the same As whole, though but a general name. So hoping that you'll analyze Those parts, construed in puzzling guise, I now will terminiate this rhyme Until we meet another time. W. NELsoN, Culnafay. PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 2. For first please write one-fourth of cite ; My next is the reverse of night ; An English town my third will be ; My fourth means lands across the sea; My fifth to ceremony belongs- The same you'll find in festive throngs; A strait in Turkey for last transpose, My iyraniid you'll then disclose; My centrals now if read aright Will bring an author's name to light, Who in the past has won a name With stories of historic fame. BLACK KNIGHT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. Now, riddlers, please attention pay And list to what I now do say, For if you wish my whole to see, Prepared from wheat you'll find 'twill be. In 1, 2, 3,4 will be Idund A luminous body. I'll be bound ; And now this last deprive ds head, You'll have a kind of pitch instead; My 3, 4, 5, and 6 will chow Part of a bridge; and well I know That this curtailed, will now to you Part of a circle b ing to view ; My 4, 3, 2 is an animal To whom 5, 3, 2 is inimical; My 5,8,4, and2 will name A vehicle; curtail 'tis same; If you write down my 6, 3, 2 A cover for the head 'twill bring to view; 5, 6. 3.2 put down aright Familiar talk will bring to light; My 6,8, 4, and 2 will tell A kind of deer. I've lonie-farewell I R. E. D., Exmouth. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Word. Without my whole we could hardly do, And at this moment it you view. Cross Words. The first knocked at the.cottage door, Thirsty; hiii; iad tsdfdtfotre:. .His stuff did show his holy creed; His raiment told he was in need ; But hark I a cheerful voice doth say : "Come in, dear first, for long's thy way I" A kind of hand-gun next will be. Now please put down a well-known tree; In this we view the rising sun; A fruit now find, for I am done. TOn. ENIGMA. No. 5. On India's coral strand I'm found, And in the ocean's depths profound; In wild and dread Sahara's plain For centuries I there-have lain; I've curbed the ocean in its pride, And stayed the o erwhelming tide; And down beside the rippling lake My resting-place I often make; To my embrace perhaps you'll come, And make with me your last long home; Yos now walk on my broad expanse, I may soon lie o'er you, perchance. LEONE. PUZZLES. No. 6. One-fourth of bade, One-fifth of blade, Now take a sixth of shrine; One-fifth of stone, One-fourth of bone, IMy last you'll find in Rhine; My whole please guess aright and then You'll have the very best of men. H. H. ADAsiS No. 7. One-fourth of view, One-third of few; And then one-fourth of rose; One-fourth of late, One-fourth of mate And then one-fourth of hose; One-fourth of rear, One-fourth of fdar, And then one-fourth of land; One-fourth of pail, One-fourth of nail, And then one-fourth of hand: Now, If my whole Is read aright, A county then will come to light. J. G. BAKER, London. OMEGRAM. No. 8. What means to settle just chance the tail, And a useful article you'll have without fail; Change tail again, and then, I ween, This is on many an animal seen; Again change tail, and I'll be bound That what means equal will be found. A. WILsON, Hoylake. DECAPITATION. No. 9. A month of the year behraded. I ween, A part of a circle will be seen. J. S. HIOKMAN, ammersmith.
ARITHMOREM. No. 19. 2100 ad o no == Usual 1 ,, bath = Dress 700 ,, oiri = Unioj 1000 ,, tea & Spiritless 1000 ,, iieter ate -Sober 609 ,, geagen = Promised 601 ,, bar = Mad 51 ,, rat Xesit 250 ,, out Hidden 55 ,, one t Unusual. Initials will name a poet. IL BEYNON, BristoL METAGRAM. No. 11. What we live in I pray you take, Change head, and you wil! see A pretty little quadruped I'm sure I then shall bW. T. DRAKE, Stratford. PROVERB REBUS. Xo. 12.
VElRlBAL CHARADES. No. 13. My first is in sprig, but not in bough; My seconadis in fight, but not in blow; My thi. d is in flee, but not in fly; My fourth is in drank, but not in try; My fifth is ii meat, but not in drink; I'm something you can't. do without, I think. W. WALtwonK, Walkden. 'No. 14. knmn foundin lakebut not si pond; I'm found in hope, and in despond; I m foiend in pallet, but not in bed; In blue I'm found, but not in red; I'm found in sense, but not in mind; Ariange the letters, a fruit you'll fifd. POLLUx. No. 15. My first is in shine, My see ,nd's in wine ; My third is in a litter; My;ouu7ýritb is in love Mylast is in titter. Now, reier, if y6ioi uess-aright, My whole will be a metal bright. M. C. HART. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 16. O. ANON.
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 17. The meaning of my whole is gain; Btit if you the centre take What means to entice awat It very soon will make; But if you will Just transpose it, You'll very quickly see An article used for arawing lines- It's naiie please tel to the. J. MURRAY, LiVerpool. No. 18. My first is ever on the move, S6metinmes d9tructive it doth prove, At others neaiil sinooth, I ween, When sCarte a ripple can ble seen ; Transpose my next and you will see, That I am known to minstrelsy, An ancient instrument, no doubt, And one not often talked ablout; My whole will name a well-kniown book, For Which you must in S"otlaiid ibok, Its author's works are not suipass'd, But are amongst the standards classed.' W. GARBUTT, JUN., Darlington. PALINDROOME. No. 19. An Irish town in whole you'l see, Reversed; the self-same .word-'till b&' J.'O'MAIoilT, Cork.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. '20. oros Words. This is a bors nafiie without doubt, Conie, riddling ffl'ids taid find it out, This is a fruit that all do know In England iitany thliusand' grow. Dear Budgetiers, I truly hope You'll never be a this, But if the opposite you are, You'll never do amiss: There are few men and boys, I wis, Who'd like to be deprived of these. Now this is only seen When win~tr holds its sway, And on it all YTuts Folks Delight to rompEnd play; This means warni br eiiug, no doubt, Try, riddling friends, to make it out. Foundation uWords. A sea in Norheri Europe My pi.'inl show tqo ~u, SO try wital 11 your might to guess And bring the same to view ; Again if you my flnals scan 'T'hey'll'show a river pluin; But now I think I've said enough Until we miiet again. A. WILSON, Hoylake, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 21. For first put down one-third of six; My next will mean a knbt to fix; The meaning of mny third is weary; Foi" fourth put down a sport quite cheeory; Something to be wished for this will be; In my next a famous knight you'll see; ''o put in different places my seventh does moan; In my eighth a substantial'word is Seen; For this put dowin a very precious stone ; In my tenth a summer month will be made known; My last.a consonant will be, Which you may find in extremity. If you my central letters downward read aright, A character in "Jack the Valiant" they will bring to lglht. EB. E D., Exmouth. CHARADES. No. 22. This is an animal, I wis; An article of dress is this: Now both unite. pihd then, I ween, A pretty'fldwer Will be seen. F. J. LANCASTER, Birmingham, No. 23. My first's a spirit small; My next comes last of all: My whole is what misfortune does When just about to fall. J. PILe, London. BURIED RIVERS. No. 24.-1. Have you seen the Shah ? 2. I like Ethel best. 3. Yes, Clara, i recollect now. 4. You know, S:ephen,I lefl your book on the table. 5. 'tay, are you ready ? 6. Is that yiur piiire in .leandr's hand ?' 7. My boy never told a lie, I. ..I dc4an dcf tihtcoun t'.6-ft t'hnise: . 9 9 upioss you lave lolt yotiiý sit uatl inow` .." 1, lrtij it g i:'- Ddii'f ydif think that ourl tliatelh'whnts repiliring i-F. W. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 25. A measure of thread its centre delete, And a part of your body you'll have complete. MESSRS. FRANKLI$ AND'CLANOY, Dublin. No. 26. 'Tis worn by royalty, arid yet, I say, If you will take my centre oleoa away, A musical instrument then will stay. G. GRANT. PUZZLE. Nol 27. One-fourth of mile, One-fifth of sinile, 'And then one-fourth of bear; OnQ-fourth of Iile, One-fourith of tile My sixth yeu'll flnd il snare; Mly Whole will show, I #eeo, A Biudgdt hero seldom &Ben. HIJ. B., Isllngton. OMEGRAM. No. 28. When whole I amh used with mortar, if yoti thb tail 6han: b. You'll jquikly see Wlift attists do. Is it not very itrange ? Change again, and soon you'll spy A part of every tree; Change once more, and I declare A kind of wood you'll see. J. MUnRAY, Liverpool. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &a., OF LAST WEE'L 1.-Game-keeper. 14.-Rainbow. 2.--Cdoiitetitindbit. 15.--$ilver-spear. 3.-Northumberland. 16.- T R U E 4.-Duncan. Thus:- Drake, R A P T Uriah, Nigel, Clive, Agnes, U 1 0 N Narva. E TN A 5.-Goose, loose, noose. 17.-T~'ni, Ouse, Tare, Nen, s.--Charles E:Pearoe, Dvde, Eden, DeriwenSt, Wiilteir Villiers. Th us: Witham. Rome, CarloW; HeclA, AliwaL, 18.:-Milan, Par o e, R ast a dT, Lorrain E, Delhi, Lyons, Ghenti ExeteR, SaratoV, Ere;lI, 19.-Last, salt. lroehL EribolL,Anticbstl, 20.--Aim, ram. Ri clidali,ChelneR,ElivaS. 2i.-Atio, Nora. 7.-Timbuctoo. 22.-Fool, loof 8.-. S. Hope. 23--Sharp, harp. 9.-Disraeli. 24.- 13 10.-Many hands make light T EN work. ELLEN 11.--lladder, laddei, adder BE F A dreatl, iead, dear era. P L A. N E 121-(rpeo,rapl6 ai&6: -~ 1l·.-Miltkdn. Thus :Madeir. T India;? Lam1, Thruah; Oif-nge, Nail. ~-- ~ c