OUR RECREATION CORNER. IN commencing this department, we invite correspondents to communicate original Conundrums, Enigmas, Puzzles, and the like, calculated to rub oJf mental rust and sharpen the wits. Every question must be accompa- nied by its solution, and the names or initials of those who furnish correct answers will be given in subsequent numbers. As a rule, three or four weeks will intervene between the appearance of a puzzle and its answer, owing to the necessity of placing the JouRNAL on the printing machine a considerable time previous to its date. The replies to questions in one monthly Part will, however, appear in the succeeding one. ENIGMA (BY OUR OWN CRICHTON.)
I AM composed of thirteen letters. My 6, 5, 12, is a source of wealth to squatters, authors, and actors; my 3, 11, 7, 2 flourishes in the field, but fades and withers by neglect; my 10, 11, 7, 13 is accepted by many a modest maiden; my 4, 6, 11, 12, 2 is the sailor's support and preserver of his food; my 8, 11, 7, 1;, 2, 6 is a musician and a well-known ladies' mechanician; and, take me altogether, I am a natural restorative in the colony of Victoria. REPLIES TO REBUS, in No. 156.-1, Stall; 2, Flag; 3, Flat; 4, Falstaff 5, Lag; 6, Staff; 7, Last; 8, Gaff; 9, Stag; 10, Glass; whole, Flag- staff-By J. H. G., Hotham; S. W. F. A., St. Kilda; and G. N. K. H. The following poetical answer to Fred's puzzle was furnished by A. F. B. of St. Arnaud : IN' cathedral city may be seen Now, do not think I moan to chaff, Stall-seated, in grave state, the Dean; In the whale's back I've seen a gaff; The la(lies, greatest charm of all, Sam Waldock says his stag the source is At fancy lairs oft have a stall; Of rattling sport to men and horres 'IlThe cobbler works with art quite neat The remedy that saves man's life Within his stall, to shoe our feet; Enclosed in glass Is found ; In swampy ground the llae may wave, Fierce poisons, too, in glass are kept Our streets withflags they sometimes pave. Would lay him 'neath the ground. Without the smoothing-iron, or flat, I The flagstaff, decked with every hue 'Think my shirts would not look natty. And colour bright, displays Who has not heard of Falstaf"s name ? Our loyalty and joy whene'er Great Shakspeare's pen gives deathless Our Prince a visit pays ; The convict base of vice will brag, [fame.The flagstaff also shows us that And loudly boast himself a la ; An honoured life has past, The men of Science, Music, War, When from it, slowly, sadly, waves Must have assistance, if they'd soar Our noble flag half mast. To heights of fame. Now, do not laugh, And thus I've tried, wtth halting rhyme, Each calls his band of aides a staff; Fred's puzzle to explain ; To measure corn were my lot cast And if you blame, I can but say ' I'd give ten quarters to the lust; '. I'll not do the 1ikg again."'