Our friend F. W. BINSTEAD to-day takes the lead in he RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. HIDDEN GIRLS' CHRISTIAN N AMH S. No. 1. 1. Jares said that he considered It harl been scarcely fair To give to Bob ani apple, And him a rotteu pear. .2. ' A valet to Prince Vl.dimlr I am." Thus said the scamp; But all his hoarer: knew h m To be a thieving tramp. 3. "I've heard that little Bert Bas never won a pr';e. What Is the calus of lhisP" "Becapse he never tries." .4. I might have lived and (lied In sweet, unbroken bliss; J know quite well that my Rash deeds prevented this. 5. I saw him fighting bravely in The thickest of the light; His sword was wet with blood; he was A darin4 English knight. 6. I saw it was no random shot Which laid the traitor low: A friend he e'er professed to be, But was at heart a foe F. W. v'usr'rtED. DECAPITATIONAL TRANSPOSITION. No. 2. Good evening, frieni-, how are you all ? I hope 1 see you well Sp rally rounn our Tournament, While I this riddle tell. For first put down a kind of yeast, And then cut off its head. A part of this our human tarmoa Will then appear instead Now all you've got to do is this- Transpose me, then, I weOn, A word wlich means to spoil or touch, Dear riddlers will be seen. MEssns. WAILKEIR AND ZTEWART, Astley Crrcn. PROVERB REBUS. No. 3. E. C. TYMaMS. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. A consonant for first put down, Not for from A 'twoutld seCen; Next a domestic ammunal That often steals the cream, A near relation place for third, She's dear It us, I know; From nher ce have our good-night kiss Befole to bed we go. An, aPimuJi pray tajc for fourth, The yountg n' hare. I ween; Thep for t)y fifth a ch:lritetcr Iri" Tor" there will be seen. Slklr is a fish well known to aill. 'I'llTosmntd< each year are caught; 'Andsvenlh is not very somal"- .In fsot, it's biz, if aught. For cighth p.little insect take, "l'is vervy sa:lI; I woen;n Ald'rinw.'thlil, for my last, dear Iriends, I'ray take 'ne-fourth of beau. If you this puzlle wiseh to solve, - "please road it thro ,glh ivitd eqpte, A character in ' Tor" Is what .My answer will declart. ,IFED TAYLOR. LOGOGIIPII. Np. 5. In winpr tiip~ , wbhen.isna w and .iml, Are outinfi I ll trir glory, .Witltý f mu ily ait r.nl1.lmf11 t we sit t , oll.' each W:il tell a story. If firt syon will I) llelad. then still - Youe, 1 int , thle s. mt e s Io -o " edit ; Bet ,till, I f -cr uw,more t'th a p yc r 'lwould thkoe you to go rlupdi it., And now trnnshons, it w;:1 disclose Wlhtat iuttbt anal beast p-iosms ; Its as i e you can qrmit" easyocri-- ' Tlhrb~olr it the blopd li'rgrsees, One let tert,neat if-:you;delete, You''l have a beast of beauty - Thse'] i't blhfenld what;'s left'intead Tp patronize is duty. I have no ionbt you'l soon f d ld ot" Thqwilds above annonrced: :. The latter.tlh~re,yo. u 'wilt trgtee, I Arcdl:st.lhe sane prmiounpced.. J. Iyarvs, ue4ou-in-Ferness. -' * . -
ACROSTIO. No. 6. Foutndtfion Word. In each of the verses l've written below Is hidden a cmoss word hlLich each of you know; And pritnals exhibit, when rightly discern'd, A hero deserving the fame he has eara'd. Cross IVords. The sun ever welcome, is shedding his rays, Anal e'rth is uncommonly fair; The jIoilant so 'gsters are piping the'r I ys, . While journeying.on throunh the air. We now find the rustics are cutting the wheat And stor ng 't tip for the mill : And though thee perspir' with the burdensome heat, They work with an absolute will. But n.-,w see a change in the state of affairs, The flowers besin to decay ; No longer the tree by the rivulet b.ars The leaves, % hich are fading away, You now will be tempted to I ecp to your bed By believin: the morings are cold: And if yot're not troubled with cold in the head, You are lucky indeed, I am to'd. Damp is the ground throuch the fog of the night, The lanes are gn'te sltl-hy with mire: And naught do we see to give joy to the sight As the view of a seat near the tire. J. G. LuMSDEn. VERBAL CHARADE. No. 7. ,My first is in peace, but not in war: My second cs in moon. but not in star; My third is in fine, but not in et ; My fourth is in m,,use, but not in pet; +ly fifth is in lound, shdl'ings and pence, My sixth is in dinner, but not in sense ; My seventh's In hap, b:;t not In tiddle: My eichth is in guess. but not in riddle; iMy ninth is in name, but not in tell; My tenth is in spring, but not in well. My whol* are, if you only reek Found in tle Budget every week. J. CAMERON, Clydach. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. G., London. CHARADES. NV0. 9. Walking by the roadside, How pleasant is the spring I Hear, on the gay green trees, How the birdies sing I See, a first is crossing The meadow, over there, Boon he'll cain the woodland, And creep into his lair. Now Katie's torn her second Upon the prickly thorn, I do think that misfortune Follows her this morn; Yes, you may get a whole, child, But may not chew the end ; And now I think that homewards Our way we soon will wend. ANNIE BAYLEY. No. 10. Some people talk of London life, And say they would not give A penny for the country, nor Yet go there for to live; But then they know not of the charms The country has for me, Or else they'd quickly change their mind, And go there in good glee. Then, oh, the fields, the verdant fields, Through them I love to roam And hear the birds so sweetly sing As I'm returning home. The blackbird and the thrush, they oft Inspire me with good glee; Some folks don't care for country life, But a country 1 fe for me. I often lilke to see my first, So nice and rosy red; My second is all sweetness, too, By some folk so 'tis said; My whole, dear friends, you'll often see, Should e'er you chance to roam U'p in the country's fragrant fields, Or past the farmer's home. Then, oh, when summer comes again How happy I shall be To see the hawthorn blossoms and The leaves on every tree; 'Tis then the violet and the rose, And other pretty flowers, Will show their lovely heads to us In this country life of ours. MEssRS. WALKErl AND STEWART, Astloy Green,
DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 11. Fmrndation Worrg. The initials and the finals show A character Young Folks well know. Cross Words. I am strawbrry or raspberry, I am greengage orplum, (Come. Tommy, sit up ; naugh 'y toys shall have none) ; A number I am, bat so tiny anu small, If you take one away. I a In nothing at all: Sometimes I mean whole or a part of the sea, Or, for those who are noisy, a noise I will be; No legs. Ilut a head, a mouth, and two eyes, A body and ribs, a t:.il, but no thighs; For ever she works, can hqr senses be r'ght ? What she does in the day she unravels at night; No name, do I th nk, gets so ill-v:seoI as me, Folks let full my h, and begin with an o. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. LOG OGRIPH. No. 12. Away from war I stand quite mute; Delete my last two letters, then I'm fruit; Ti en from my whl le de etc first two, And least of playing-curds you'll view; Then it my fruit you will transpose, A meo: key's seen before your nose; Then from my whole delete the last and sreend, ]'y transpositi. n, boy's headdress I'm reckoned; And, lastly, from my whole the second delet-, For with this stretch you'll find I'm now complete. Yet in this word, although it's full of fire, I take my oath it's what men would desire. WAIrtEN AnDERSON, Glasgow. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o.. OF LAST WEEK. ].--Bllow. Thus : Prigh- 10.-J. A. Maitland. Thus: ton, Envelope, Linch-pia, Jol ', AnviL, MadeirA, Lemonade, Onion, Wood- Arran, InjureD. bine. 11.-Peter, peer. 2.-Pine, pin, nip. 12.-Coronet, cornet. 3.--Preser\e. reserve, re- 13.-Top, pot. ver-e, severe, sever, verse, 14.--l)er, reed. serve, sere, seer, e'er. 15.- Ba row, arrow. 4.- L 16 -l:t n. ton. S I N 17.-El. sum. D O V E R 1.- Sharper, sharp, shard, P O V E R T Y shark, share. L I V E R P OO L 19 -'1 he W'o lwich Infant. P It 0 P H E T 20.-Plant, plan. B R 0 W N -l.-Beech, hee. T 0 E 22. -Treason, reason. L 23.- Fal, loaf. 5.-Glass. 24.- Bustard. 6.-E-ve. 25.-Wa lace. 7.-lirig-and. :6.-1 ark, bark, lark, Mark, 8.- Sea-son. hark. 9.-Turn-key. 27 -Lane, Jane, sane.