Our friend the BLACK Plueeci to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNA EN T. DOUBLIE ACROSTIO. No. L FuOuiailoun Wo'rd, Twinkle twinkle, little star, I can guess, though. what.you are, As you shiine. Lot up on high, But among the hedgerows nigh, Minis W-, a8. It's a shame and disgrace, .Beyond a doubt, To laugh right out In any one's face, And in manners you make a shocking flaw With a" Ho! ho!I ho " and a "HawI haw I hawl" The I.dlanl who courses, And catches wild horses, Is ant at the use Of flying the noose, Which is one of his chief resources. Down, as heaven's first law, lay " Alway4 obey What your masters say." The chief of the tribe of Snakes, He a ways with him takeg The squaw he chose to marry, In order she might carry His dwelling of skins and stakes. LLACK PitINCE. LOOG(ItRIPH. 2. 0 Budgetiers, Your triehd appears. Eautr:iL ing at short hearing; Your wit so keen Throws round its sheen, The haze of doubt soon clearing. When you've rev, reed What forms my first, "ou will, I trow, be able To see a bird Your wonder stirred When reading Eastern fableo. And now with speed I will proceed To speak upon my second: In fleures right Time's rapid flight You see upon it reckon'd. In whole a drink, I really think, Is seen upon perusal. For answer 1 Do now apply- Oh, give me no refusal. T. L. HsEMEY. POLYPHONE. N\. 8, FIRST. IIow strange it is that each one thinks the this of his affec- tion Is, of all others on the oearth, the nearest to perfection ! I low strange it is his eyes survey her beauties with such kind- lneSS, And at the same time to her faults present such perfect blind- ness 1 SECOND. I hope tile Editor will think my puzzle is amusing, And will not this to print it for all sharp Young Folk's pernuing ; And while I am another riddle in my mind revolving, Just see who is the quickest of you all at puz le solving. CONCLUSION. I really bust, in spite of repotition, once more menteiu I am completely charmed with this ingenious invention Bly MR. T. L HissiElstY, and hope that Young IFolk never Will fail to recoguize a friend so very, very clever. 1'. W. BINSTisrAD. CHAR ADE. No. 4. In the waves.of the temnpejt-tossed ocean, In sea, torrent, river, u4d.lako. In Niagara's roar and ceunmrtion, In the a. reamlet, the marsh, and the brake; In the sun's first bright rays at the dawning, In the dew on thqebright, blushing rose, In the rainbow sweet of Aprils umorning, They ever my first must disclose. In a still, shady vale if you wander, 'Midst a sweet and a fragrant perfume, O'er my awe t little next you may ponder, For it loves in the valley to bloom. On t he bosom of mirror-like waters, An emblem of calm and repose. To Nature's proud sons and.fair daughters Sty whole doth its beauties disclose T. iMURRAY, Birkenhead. MONOPHON E. No. 5. This simple monophone of mine You'll easily see through. And, if you rightly mark each I;no, 'Twill surely bring to view A Scottish river, town, and shire. Three words the Came in sound ; Though different spelling each require, They easily are found. Oh, first, my favourite stream thou art, My favourite town and shire I Oh,next, when forced with thee to part, I doubtless must expire! But third I bid this world adieu, And to my last resign The earthly goods, and chattels too, That happen to be mine, I hope,.auld first, to visit thee, And spend some happy days Where erst I used to run with glee Along thy banks and braes s W. Musm
ENIGMA. No. 6 What would you do if without me ? For powerful am I. you see. Not you alone, but the country round Would starve to death like a famish'd hound. Though yet an awful curse am I To those who through me often die, Who would covet me when not their own, Like the our that steals another's bone. Though a friend am I to those who choose To let me in their pocket snooze, And make an honest friend of me And use me as I ought to be. Though round the world I go, 'tis true, And I'm 5ossessed by more than few, Though fairly dealt. I'm not. you say- But such as me can't have their way. I'm obliged to do my owner's will, And oft change owners o'er a bill; Though I'm a master without a doubt, For me they cannot do without Who'd toil for me if perhaps by chance They found me worthless at a glance P Why, no one would with any brains- But then they all require change I As I've said before, I'm quite a curse, -And that I think there's nothing worse; You can make me either friend or foe, And I can cause you joy or woe. My lesson's now done, and I've had my full say, And I think I will leave you by saying good day; But never hoard me. iu no way ca-essing, But, hounetly got, why. I'll prove your blessing. MEOSIRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Greenl ACR OSTIC. No. 7. Foun,aion Wor. s If you will read the primals down, You'll fded a riddler's name ; She is a riddler of renown, And gained much Budget fame. r'pus IF .r-1. Bow do you like the Budget. friend ? There's plenty there to read; Oh, yes I and HEMERY'S puzzlcs, too, Are first-they at e indeed I I'm sure next Editor is kind To send the Budget here, For splendid tales in it we find, to give him a good cheer. That he is kind I will confess, For I like the weekly third; He tells us of such pleasing things Which ne'er before we heard. liere comes fourth into the room With a ship, all in full sail. Well, fourth, what are you going to do ? " Sail this in mother's pail." I'll find a better place than that; And putting down his book, He took the boy into a field, To sail it fifth a brook. Away it went with rapid pace, Sixth from stem to stern; Swept onward by the current's rush, It caught against a fern. It soon gave way 'neath such a tide, And it was free once more; But little fourth threw out the last When safely on the shore. ANON. CHARADE. No 8. Still the morn and still the sleepers, In the tents amid the snow; But the bugles soon are sounding, And we rise to meet the foe. To arms I get forward, comrades allU This is a day of death. And lasts will cause us soon to fall, With but a dying breath. On we ride, with pulses beating, Thoughts are gone, we are not men I And it seems there is no danger Till we get right back again. Where my primal roar the loudest, Where my total thicker spread, Where the bravest could but venture, Where but Englishman had fled I Right up to the guns we thunder, Leaving many dead in rear, And unto this day I wonder How we got away from there. Death and honour, woe and glory, Mingled In that charge so wild, And my primals seemed to mock us With the dead around them piled. FRANK MARRIOTT, DECAPITATION. No. 9. My first is a carriage, I'm sure you will say; It's found very useful In lands far away. Now please to behead me. Pray what have we here? A kind of projection, Or shelf, it is clear. Again lop my head off ; Fair reader, behold I That I'm on all knives you Need not to be told. E, BAXTER.
ENIGMA, No. 10 My short appearances are rare, And my delusions many, And none may know what I'll declare If I've forsaken any. But still content, unsought I lie, For my confused unfolding May banish joys, and thus comply A miserable beholding. But still again I may have filled Your hearts with expectation, And though I brightened prospects build, They rise without foundation. S. YEssUB. DELETION. No. 11. One-third of one animal take clean away, With ease I am sure you can do it, What's left names another, and so you will say The moment you've really got through it. GEORGE G. PROVERB REBUS No. 12. .. .. .. -, Ilaunt C. I'RICE. T'RANSPOSITION. "10 13 An article first will assuredly be, But by transposition's strong aid A very small insect you'll inutitutly see Before your eye plainly displayed. And now, if you will but transpose me again, You surely will find, clear as day. That what we can tell by the clock will remain. Now good-bye, for I've no more to say. FLOSSIE B., Manchester, REVERSION. No. 14. My whole will mean to drive away; But turn round if you please, And then a person 'twill display Infected with disease. A. II. SCALEs.
PROVERB REB3US. No. 15. S- J. C. STOKOE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. My first you need not fall to find, There is one not far hence; You'll know him by his shallow mind And very stylish gait, combined With lots of impudence. By second first can't long abide, When he's inclined to court; He courts sweet Nell, and more beside. His ways are known both far and wide, 'Mongst maids both tall and short. And as amongst a flock of doves We find a favourite bird, So he amongst his numerous loves Finds one of whom he most approves, And calls her oft my third. W. Mun. PALINDROME. No. 17. I bow, I bow, To show that I respect you; But now, but now A shilling I collcot you. 8. YEssua.
CURTAILMENT. No. 18. A town of Calabar if you curtail, A German university you'll see withoutfaile Curtail again, and then, I ween, An Afric cape is plainly seen. MlESSRS. J. HARRINGTON AND W. COLL1N ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o.. OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Tear, tear. 8.-Stationery, stationary, 2.-Mart. tram, ram, mar. 9.-A fly. 8.- Kairon. 'Ihus : Kite, 10.-Bawl, ball. Acorn. Idle, Romulus, On- 11.- P 1 N K ward,Necklace. I D E A 4.- Q NEST CUP KATE B E E C H 12.-King Stonyheart,. Q U EB N'I E 13.-Bath, bat. M I NE R 14.-Gab, bag. LI P 15.-Vienna. Annie. E 16.-Safe investments. 5.- Gold-smith. 17.-Metal, meal. 6.-Bow, bow. 18.-Teify. Ouse, Witham. 7.--literary Festival. Thus: 19.-Melrose. LoaF, InnumerablE, Tor- 20.-Pernambuco. tuouS, EminenT, RienzI, 21.-Glass,lass. ass. AzoV, RosA, YelL. 22.-Wme, dine, nine, pine, 23.- What time the groves were clad in green, The fields drest all in flowers, And that the sleek-haired nympls were seon To seek them summer bowers. 24.- Mary had a little lamb, With fleece as whitr as snow, And everywhere that Mary went Tha` lamb it would not go.