Our friend T. L. HEMrRY to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 1. (Foundation Word.
A smiling time, when earth and sky In beauty with each other vie, When scenes of joy delight the eye And music charms the ear; When Flora loves, in bright array, Her empire's riches to display, And triumph marks th' auspicious day, The brightest of the year. When blooms the pink and foxglove fair, When winds the brier's perfume bear, And brown laburnum's tressed hair Toys with the passing breeze; When'trills the thrush his lay of love, When softly coos the amorous dove, And all below and all above The wanderer's eye must please. Cross Words. In 1, 2, 4 the price is shown You pay some article to own; And 2, 1, 5 its application Will bring beneath your observation. 3, 2, 1, 5, ye bards aspiring, Will find much patience oft requiring, But if ye still but persevere, Success at last your hearts will cheer. My 4, 5 serves to represent Your servant most obedient, Who willingly himself thus lends Unto the service of his friends. My 5, 3, 2 across the plain, Swift as the rushing hurricane, Spurning the ground, unbridled, flies, While round the clouds of dust thick rise. Lo ! in a cloud of smoke now see A spirit rise-my 6, 2, 3. But while you gaze in mute surprise, The curtain falls, no more to rise. T. L. HEEntr. CHARADE. No. 2. I sing not a song of days long flown, A tinge of romance to lend; I tell not of warriors or their deeds, Or of loves which never end. But list ye long and listen well, Hear this tale of wit and wine, Hear this total of the City, In the year one-eight-seven-nine. Up the river, in a pair.oar, Went my heroes, glad and gay, Handsome Harry, jovial Johnny, On the one fine day in May. The old man by the boathouse steps, Though of both my firsts bereft- What some call their understanding- Yet had all his senses left. This a joke that has been cophd, Which I think an unwise plan; So, as now I have been honest, Turn we back to the old man When he muttered by the boathouse, As the twain were rowing past, " They will mix their wine with water Ere they reach their journey's last." What his meaning was I asked him, For the day was clear and fine, Well I knew no fear of rain yet, And he answered, " Old port wine." Then I guessed his hidden secret, And I said, with brow o'ercast, " Yes, they'll mix their wine with water Ere they reach their journey's last." And the sequel proved our saying, For the boat began to sway, As Harry tugged with all his might, While Johnny pulled the other way. Soon they found the boat was leaking, Soon the water in it poured, And each oarsman upward starting, In a trice fell overboard. Limp and listless, they were rescued, Sad at heart, you may depend. Each had mixed his wine with water, So my total comes to end. F. T. MARRIo rr. ENIGMA. No. 3. I'm prized by all who read this con., Of this lam quite sure, And all with joy a penny spend, My presence to procure. I'm pleasant and attractive, I'm sure you will agree, And many a pleasant winter's eve You may enjoy with me. DOLLY, Deptford. REVERSION. No. 4. This word, if you will read aright, A receptacle will name; Then turn it round, for a brave act Men oft receive the same. J, BAINETSON, Charleston. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. My whole's a warder, to findit out, I'm sure, will not be hard; My last is a bird you've seen, no doubt, In many a farmer's yard. C. F. Banxsan. CURTAILMENT. No. 6. Brigands, robbers, rascals this Together, and to peaceful men Prove but a last, where'er they haunt, Which oft is in a rocky glen. J. Mrans, Dalton.in.Furncss.
DEGAPITATION. No. 7. Five letters spell a poet's name, Who lives unknown to wealth or fame; The last four letters of the same Will name a warbler good; The last three letters of the four Once held creation's living store, And when the wrath of heaven was o'er, Upon the mount it stood. C. A. CLAnE. OMEGRAM. No. 8. In whole you'll see a kind of string; But change the tail aright, And I am sure that it will bring A girl's name to your sight. Repeat the change, and then 'twill be A very useful grain; Part of some fruits you next may see By changing tail again. C. F. BAnzan. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 9. W. II. BIRD, Holloway. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 10. Grieve not so deeply, little maid; Come, let those pearly tears be stayed; First not, nor let your beauty fade, Let smiles adorn your face. This bright spring next should make you glad, Should banish all those thoughts so sad; Nay, do not seem as though you had Lost all your winning grace. H. C. PRICE. TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. " Save it I" she cried, but 'twas, alas! too late, The pretty vase was doomed and met its fate. Said I, "Those mournful fragments strewn about, The error, miss, of carelessness point out." Two words from those above now please select, Wherein a transposition you detect. T. L. HEEBm .
T. DI. n. JE R, REBUS. No,12. . T. GILOrE, Belfast. CHARADE. No. 13. Dear riddlers and friends, both the young and the old, For a moment please listen to me ; You need not stay long, for my con. is soon told, And the answer you quickly will see. Now, friends, for my first a conjunction please take, And my second a weight will disclose; The rabbits my third in the woods often make, And at night they therein do repose. My whole you will find on a shirt, coat, or dress; rlTw, I'm sure, that's a very good clue, And you, riddlers, I think, the same must confess. But it's time that I now say adieu. CoNconRDI. ENIGMA. No. 14. You could not do without me, Oh, no, you need not doubt me ; In town and village, hill and dale, I've been; Before I'm used for food, If you are in the mood, You'll find that in the fields I'm growing green. Then yellow I appear, And, what is very queer, Black, white, or brown, on tables I am seen; Some like to have me new, And others don't, 'tie true. Dear riddlers, have you giessed the thing I mean P LornIa W., Brighton.
7METAGRA No. 15. When Ibehold thee, preeiou My heart with pleasure -- tat I hate that second mt em s to bt That rst I almost weorship the, And oft when I should cse in t, I'm gloating o'er thee , rtinsted, 'Mid glittering iles odthee I strend, And olutch thee with delighted ,i I start if one slight sond is heard But sight of thee first makes me ih' d. In winter when the weather's tha And icy winds blow from the north, When children starvreandcyfteorth, In my dark room o'er thee rbro . Iflfth my arms, and, raptured. gaze On thee, litn up by candle ray. But that's not all, that's not the worst I've sixth my soul for thee, 0 first I SQUARE WORDS, No. 16. Along a pleasant country first A truant donkey lost its way And wandered wide from side to side With loud and very mournful bray, At last the first came to an end, Op'ning into a grassy field, In second great, a nice estate, Which many thistles fine did yield. The donkey brayed with wild delight, As to the feast he wandered third, But bounded light, with sudden fright, When at his heels a shout he heard. The shout came from the farmer's so*, Who after Noddy had been sent, And now, alack, sprung on his back, And with the donkey home he went. Together soon they reached the farm, And stopped before the stable door, And Noddy fast pricked up his last, And vowed he'd never wander more. F. E. BRADLEY, Manchester, CHARADE. No. 17. My first denotes a kind of border My second's always used with ink. Now when you've ranged those two in order What is made of hemp you'll see, I think, MONOPHONE. C. R. GORaieE, No. 18. Here are two words pronounced alike, Though very different in their meaning, For while my first is innocent, My next to wickedness is leaning. Muaces Cranes, TRANSPOSITION. No. 19. My value ev'ry.schoolboy knows, When with me to the school he goes; Now, if the word you'll just transpose, What means" the smallest" 'twill disclose, Transposition again renew, And it will leave what all thieves do; Again transpose, and quickly you Will see what's very far from new. Once more transpose, and it is clear That in Youwg Folks fifth do appear. Now give our Ed. a lusty cheer, To show we're loyal and sincere. C, F. BARcE. LOGOGRIPH. No. 20. A female name of tail bereave, The residue will show A noble structure, under which Oft vessels sail below; Delete a letter, soon 'twill bring To view who wears the wedding.ring. J. MYERS, Dalton.in.Furness, ENIGMA, No. 21. A garden fair, and in it grew The tree so many prize; In knowledge, learning, nowadays Life's only treasure lies. G. GRANT, Petersham, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 22. In whole you'll see a kind of spear; Take centre out, 'twill disappear, And you will see, placed there instead, An ornamental plait of thread. T. DICKSoN, Tulyh gs. PALINDROME. No. 23. I am a woman who is to Religion dedicated, And in a wretched convent pent To end her days is fated. -4 - C. F. PourR.F