Our friend LOTTrrE W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE AOROSTI0. No. 1. Cross Words. The soldier is leaving his village so dear, And gives to sweet Nellie one long. parting kiss : He has gone down the hill, and, with many a tear, She sees him depart, as he waves to her this. In the far-off West Indies this island doth lie, With tropical heat, and groat forests a , dense ; But 'tis melted away, and, 1o I swift to your ' eo Come the regions of ice and of cold most intense. See those bright, happy children, who play 'neath my fourth, How they toss up the hay, and shout loud in their glee; I'm sure you would think tha, a great de .1 twas worth One moment to stop their gay pleasure to see. Sweet and this on my ear comes the hum of the bees, As I stroll in the meadows this bright summer day, And gently so;t zephyr now rustles the trees, And cools the hot air from the sun's burning ray. Yonder fool ! Watch how idly and slow he doth walk. He is tired of this, and o'er that he doth sigh; All things are ' a bore," lie's too lazy to talk, And thinks that of this he most surely will die. Behold the base dou'tter who will not believe That Above there doth reign a Creator so wise; Who refuses the creed of our Church to receive, And '11 true religion doth mock and despise. See yonder, enjoying herself in the pond, With six fl iffy children she's teaching to dive; Was ever a mother so proud and so fond, As they dabble around, and to copy her strive ? Now take up your atlas, and Oxfordshire scan, When, I'm sure, that this place very quic ly you'll see; Next look out for Russia, and straightway you can Find the scene of some victories great it will be. I hope to a secret (if one you e'er know) You always most faithfully try this to do; Or trouble, perhaps, if you do not do so, It may cause, which you'd afterwards bitterly rue. To Canada, now, will you kindly pay heed ? For to the " great lakes" you'll find this does belong; Of this w se old Greek we've been told by C. head, In his tales of those heroes with last stout and strong. Foundation ll'oros. Oh, deem not presumptuous my efforts to praise, Though feeble they be, this most well-beloved name (So worthy, I know, of far loftier lays), Of him whom you-see that my primals proclaim. Of his books, so enjoyed both in castle and cot, Is a most noted one that my finals will show, O'er which I've passed happy hours ne'er forgot In reading those pages which all of us know LOTTIE W., Brighton. DECAPITATIONS. Eo. 2. Perplexity this word implies; Decapitate and then A loosely-woven stuff your eyes Immediately will ken A second time deocipitate, And now, achieved aright, A sort of seed, i calculate, Is surely brought to light. Agnin the process please repeat, This time there stays behind An animal. , now entreat That you the answer find. GEOnGE G. -No. 3. A Budget character behead, A kind of whip you'll have instead; Behead once more, and if done right, A well known tree will come to sight. J. A. T)EVEiS, No. 4. When whole, I am nothing; end now, strange to say, Behead, and then something Will appear plain as day. J. W. CHADWICo. No. 5. My whole is a series, division, or sect: But if you behead, you will see, I expect, A name for a girl; which If you will behead, Apatienlt old-animal you 11 have instead. T'HE TWu PONGOES. SQUARE WORDB. .No. 6, If you exercise, dear friends, Your ingenuity here, I think you'll quickly see These square words very clear. Bees from flowers of honey take A tiny this to fill their cells ; And next, I think, you'll say Of wrath or anger tells. Now, in'this last a very Useful article you'll, aee; And i'm sure I may dtelare 'Tis oft used by you and me. . ANNIE BAYLB". -J----
ENIGMA. No. 7. With the biris that are seen in the air, With the fish.'s that swin in the sea, With the horse and the great polar bear, With all thee I'm sure I shall be. I'm found with the pansy so bright, And the daisy and viol t too; I am found with the lily so white, And with flowers of overy hue. All books do possess me, I kno v, To a I cities L'm sure I belong; I am found with the heel and the toe; I am also possess'd by the tongue. I belong t the handsomest men: I am found with the plainest as well; But now I will lay down my pen, So please try the answer to tell. H. W. CAVILL. REBUS. No. 8. . \ ANON. CHARADE. No. 9. From the mountains passed the traveller, when my first was hasten:ng on. On the cr ,gry heights above him the last rays of Phobuns shnn. ; So the traveller hastened homeward, while the moon was shining br'ght, And the twinkling star attendants cast around their beams of light. But the gentle breeze blew harder, and the sky was over- cast, The moon and stars were hidden, and the traveller feared my last : The clouds grew black above him, and the lightning's vivid flame, And the rumbling of the thunder in the distance nearer came. Oh, how glad was he, when seeing,, by the lightning's flash revealed, He was near a cheerful second, which the darkness had con- cealed; The rain had now abated, and the boisterous winds were still, And my whole was sweetly singing in the grove or on the hill. E.G.
REBUS. No. 10. ANON. ACROSTIC. No. 11. )oundation Words. lnead my primals. and you'll find A favourit. s.tory brought to mind. Cross IVords. Thisis a precious'stone,You'll find ; A female's name next brings to mind; Third is a favourite with me, I own; And next.a voletable in the garden grown; This is used by ships in port; Sixth are visited by those who sport; A friend and household petis this; And neot nei English'river. I 'is; My ninth se,worn lon ntlihehead; . - This lovers do before theywed; .' - Iest pd inty:yshlws - ft e vintt of rin; Twelfth giil'give ii'kid of .grin o Thi:is-pavtbf, bdotsand shol es4 , For nextian Eastei n countfry ehooseo And litrti fihd upon-W gooe. POT HOOmL
CHARADE. No. 12. The toiling little first imparts more knowledge, To those who n an Idle humour stay, Than all the books stored up within the college Can cive in years of study day by day. And those who kiss the final of our ruler Could well afford to learn from such a mite, It does not follow that the modest fooler is backward in the middle of a fight. The statesman who dictates the nation's measures Is often very timin of a war ; And rather would he share in dainty pleasures Than trust himself upon the field of gore. But oft among th.: lower of the classes Springs forth the hero of a bloody fight; His deeds of valour fire the younger lasses With love for him who thus hath shown his might. On .cunday, though, he bends his head more lowly, And listens to the total in the choir ; His manner is more humble and most holy, HIis thoughts ascend unto a sphere much higher. Ht. CLEERB. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &O.. OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Colin coin. 7.-Deed. 2.- White Crane. Thus : 8.-Sprat, strap, traps. WallaC(e). IlexenhammoR, 9.-Think before you speak, IndiA, TiN, tEyE. 10 -Wheel, heel, eel. 3 -Brambleberry. 11 -Water-lily. 4.-Pocket, locket. rocket. 12.-I'rimrose. Thus: Pe.R, 6.-Grouse, rouse, Ouse, use. RatiO, IriS, MyrtllE. 6.-Love. 13.- 8 COT 14.- I NCR 16.- SOAP CADE NILE 0 HIO 0 ODIN OLAN A I tE TENT HENS POET i I H m . ·