Our friend J. G. LuMSDEN toaday takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 1. Foundation Words. A wide expanse, a trackless plain, Numerous ills and woes abound here ; No field is this for fruit or grain, But ice and snow are ever found here. The food its egple find to eat Is pot prn4Ied by human sowers; For, as they cannot grow the wheat, Of course they do not need the growers. Cross Words. The papers lately of my first A score of different tales are giving, Until we find it hard to tell If he is dying, dead, or living. But still we must not this to hear With simple faith the pews they tell us, For should we dare to speak a word, They'd tell us we were all libellous, My friend, if you've a this for'drink, I pray you try at once td'o curt, Qr wbe will quickly interve;e, And death will afterwards disturb it. See yonder fourth (reversed), and there You may behold the fruits of drinking ; He has eschewed the iath of right, And now is slowly sinking-sinking I A word I here will introduce, But one not much in circulation, And should it be applied to you 'Twould cause you grievous aggravation. And now to close the mystic scene, A good old friend appears before you; With funny jokes from FunnyFoliks He throws a spell.of humour o'er you. J. G. LiumsDEN. ACROSTICAL H PUZZLE. No. 2. Dear friends, I've constructed a puzzle for you Whose form, I imagine, to you will I)e.new; In form li e an H you will find it is made, SWhen once to your vision the answer's displayed. A bridge and two pillars of course'form its shape, So now the solution you can't well escape. Down each pillards oeatre a town will be seen, .Each r flo6rshii~ tgyn in old England, I e~en. Now, first of left pillar u house will unfold, Where the first of right pillar's undoubtedly sold; What next on the left will appear to your sight. Will be plural, i'm sure, 't o!ht's next on the right; Then next on the left is a nups ber, I trow. Just double the numbel nsex, right one Will show. 'The blridge here eomm.en cs,' so, riddler, piay flpd What brings approbatiion t uce to your mind' ThieTcdiittpal or6ss ivdr~dlof th bridge will uilfold An'isleru'the Ipdina Ocean, l'm told; The base of, t4e, bruuge, wheo 'tis properly Wrought, Will cunning or shrewdness quite cickly denote. Next on the left pillar you did but to-day; Whilst next on the right is for shortness, they say; Thep next on the left is quite opposite to My next on the right, which you'll find is quite true; With my last on the ]eft T will finish, for fear Your last on the right should be waiting me' here. J. BitERs, Dalton0in.Furness. METAGRAEM. No. 3. In first I'm sure you'll see a certain word That's used in Scotland and old England's north, From which a kind of shed willl be inferred. Now, iiddiers, burst its bonds and bring it forth. Attention lend, my worthy young friend: A coprt of law, if I think aright, In this appears to 'cute Budgetiers, Who from these puzzlcs gathier delight. A muisical instrument here Before your eye will-lay; No doubt you will soon make it clear. I'm going, friend; good day. E. BAxTER. LOGOGRIPH. ° N6. 4. !y whole upon the human face Is often seeui to grow, In variois shades of blick or brown, Or oft as white as snow. The end'of it is often cut With scissors sharp and keen, So pray cut off its very tip And lo I what change is seen'? A shaggy beast of savage mood, Which near the Pole is found; 'Mid Russia's snows andfo.rests wild Its species, too, abound. Now f~om this beast (be not afraid) Take off its grisly head ; A member of the human frame You'll surely have instead. SDrrsINGE, SQUARE WORDS. No. 5. On breakfast ta~bles these, I weon, My first square word, are often seen; Just there I saw a mouse, I reckoned, But when I o the it ]iadctecbhd; In this'ia insect comes tdoview; Pray do not let its'sting pierce you; As I look out the sun does folirth, But to.morrow 'twill come forth. H. IM. DONNERn, DECAPITATION. No. 6. This find in your Budsg, It bel~il, and I think, Ase' Ican'ot well grudge it, You'd' he rbst better dpink. Gsonen G,
ACROSTICAL CENTRAL ACROSTIC,. No. 7. Cross Words. A weapon, and a deadly weapon, too L aid low were many by 't at Waterloo ; O n sovereign'h"lieads my sext is doiubly seen- Y es, doubly'in their pockets, too, I ween; A n interesting'"hjng, I will be bound, L o 'now 'twas seen, yet now it can't be found; B y this the strongest rascals, rough and rude, U nwilling, yet are instantly subdued; D elicious fruit-for it sometimes I crave; G old this sometimes is, to reward the brave; E mbellished in. fill graindeur and elate, T he last you may have seen in pomp and state. Foundation Word. I n centrals you may now behold a name, E 'en quite familiar, too, you'll find the same, R ight loyal Budgetier of riddling fame. J. MYERS, Dalton.il.Furness. ENIGMA. No. 8. A very useful thing am I, And that's a fact you can't deny; I'm foind in every book you buy, " - Bear this in mind. Now, Budget readers, can't you try My name to find ? "I. various colours (that is true), Sown, yellow, green, red, white, or blue ; I'm thick and thin, young readers, too, An4 also flat; 'km goodanud bad, I'm old and new, Remember that. I'm used ýy all; both high and low Havb known the worth of me, I trow. Sometimes I'm'thrpwn away, although I make, no doubt, Great sums of money. This you'll know When I'm found out. ALEX. S.,, Glasgo0\. CHARADE. No. 0. First my primal you will see Is of great utility; And my second 'oft will be Full of water or Chablis. Whole, I'm used on laud or sea And the "swell" in the City In my primal places me. If by chance calamity Caused my loss, he then would be Like a shell without a pea, Like a Manx cat in the sea, Or a beetle in your tea! Out of fashion, do yon see P But I hear your stern decree, You have had enough of me. FRANK T. MARRIOTT. METAGRAM. No. 10. For first a kind of gilt please find; A planter next will bring to mind; A building high my third will be; And fourth is force, as you will see. In fifth a boatman will be seen; Reverse of higher next, I ween; Insparks, and woods, and private ground My last, you'll say, is always found. Now find my first and change the head, And second will appear instead; Repeat the change with all the rest. Farewell, young friends; now do your best. CONSTANT F. CURTAILMENIT. No. I. While rambling on the seashore, One sunny, unmer'~ day, I picked a gecohd of tho beach, Pink-as arose of Miy. In truth, it $s a pretty thing; It I resolyed to tre Home to m R.ittleviece Nell,. A toy f hed iitjo nake. Then, where a rock's cool shadow fell Across the golden sand, ' I sat me down axwhile tg9rest, First' poems in my hand. BR.owN.E YEo. : SQUARE WORDS. No. 12. My first's a hero bold and brave, Who valiant deeds has done; By acts of might'and strength of arm He, well-earned fame has won, Sometimes the farmer's third is small, Sometimes it much does yield; The farmer rather would have much Off his two-second field. His corn is safely fourth in store From autumn till the spring, When he sows it within the ground His next year's third to bring. S. Rousor. CENTRAL DELETION. ,No. S13, , A kind of crowi inwvhol1 you'll see, 'Tis worn by the libiitoty; ' Take oiit the centre, and you'll find 'An iist~:Uient is briought to mind, "'is 6ne of music, you must know. But now I've finished and mast go. T. Dzcusoi, Tullyhogue. LOGOGRIPH. . No. 14. Dear riddlers, please to bring td view A colour known to all of ypi; And ·turn it pound, and youi will see A word for poetthfre will be; Kindly Oetuil, and lol you'll find To fasten willbe broight .to mind. Jo" JOHN WALTERES, rixtoP. t ....l~ -- --l -· -
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 15. Part of me my first must be; Then a female's Christian name; Soaring high my next you'll see; Fourth's a country known to fame; Next a colour is, you'll find; Then an insect bring to mind; Last's a part of what I'm near to. Find my centrals if you care to. See a land each Briton dear to. QmUI. CURTAILMENT. No. 16. A part of every coat of mail In total you'll behold; But if aright you will curtail, To swallow 'twill unfold. W. PFEIFFER. REBUS. No. 17. " \ HENRY BELOE, The Baltimore. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. My first, without dsubt, is a word Denoting to chp or to shear; And what for my second is heard All children should do, it is clear. This is, if no blunder I make, An action performed by the eye; A musical instrument take For last. I must wish you good.bye. E. BAXTER. REVERSION. No. 19. This means insane, 'tis very plain; But turn it round, and lo I You then will see that it will be What makes the mill to go. BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL, ENIGMA, No. 20. Pris'ners are placed in me, tand tried; I 'am a plant as well; Vessels within my shelter ride. Now what's my name Pray tell. F. W. BIrSTEAD.
REBUS. No. 21. LILY BRowN, Bootle, ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-War, tar, bar, far. 2.-. UNPARLIAMENTARY AGR ICUI TUR IST INDIFFERENT AUST RAL I A ALREADY CIDER ART AHA SL I GO APPLEBY HIMALAYAS NIGHTINGALE RETR OS PECT I VE D ISSA TI I FACT ION 3.-Lamb, balm. Thus : 12.-Cook.burns.path. LamB, AlmA, MedaL, 13.-Beach, beech. BrooM. 14.- J A R 4.-Medal, meal. A D A 5.-Nightingale. R A M 6.-Drop, droop. 15.-Cleaver, clever. 7.-Fingers were made be. 16.-Harm.on.i.u.m, fore forks. 17.-Hole, mole. 8.-Coat, goat, boat, Cato. 18.-Block, lock. 9.-Ballarat Mountaius. 19.-Pol(e)ice. 10.-Beeloochistau, 20.-Right, fight, might, 11,--Minim. sight, wight, light. 8