Our friend H. 0. PRICE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
Now, friends, please know that I'm a lad Who's sometimes good and sometimes bad, And sometimes even worse than that. The neighbours say I must be mad, And, truly, often mischief sad Is done by "that young, wicked brat." One day, when I had naught to do, And found the time quite slowly flew, I thought I'd go and chaff my cook. So creeping down the kitchen stairs, The door I opened unawares, And round the kitchen had a look, "Hullo, dear Mrs. Cook !" said I. She cast on me a withering eye That seemed to look me through and through. " And how is XY ninety-two, Who loves my pie as much as you ? Come, cookie, give's a kiss or two." When I said this-oh, 'twas such fun !- I did prepare away to run; But cookie was for me too quick. A lighted first just struck my ear ; A saucer made me feel quite queer; Then camune quite half of our stove brick. I turned and fled, close followed by A walking next, and then-oh, my !- My whole came whizzing through the air It caught me just upon my back, Indeed it came a fearful crack, And caused me faster still to tear. I'll bet my marbles, top, and cane, I don't go near that cook again. She said that she my tricks won't staul ; She'll show me if I'll go and chaff, Or in her very face I'll laugh, And shook at me her great fat hand. H. C. PeIce. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. In first can be traced what always is placed In carriages, carts, and in coaches of state; What means to unclose now please to expose For second, my riddling friends little and great. If you'll persevere, my third will appear- It specifics something by builders required; When fourth is defined, 'twill bring to your mind A beast-or, it may be, a person-that's hired. A brute, you must know, next plainly doth show, Beginning, I'll say for your guidance, with d; I've not the least doubt if we were without What this shows, my puzzle you never would see. A measure of land in seventh will stand Before you, my reader, as plain as it can; It must be confessed that eighth is possessed By nigh ev'ry infant and woman and man. You'll say when you guess my last that distress Without it would never be seen in this land. The puzzle's complete; your gaze will now greet The name of a plant, which in centrals doth stand. E. BAXTER. ENIGMA. No. 3. Dear Young Folks, here's a riddle I should like you all to solve, Anl if to do so you've a mind, pray don't break your resolve, But in your leisure moments if you'll deign to read it bhrough, You'll find the answeris a thing well known to all of you. 'Tis in the rich man's mansion ; in the peasant's home 'tis seen; 'Tis used by princes, dukes, and lords, and by our gracious Queen; You use it very often, and I think that I may say, Without exaggeration, that you use it every day. If it could speak, I have no doubt some wondrous things 'twould tell, Of secrets trusted to it, and of plots drawn up so well- In fact, it often tends to bring some dark deeds into light, And make the darkness, in the end, appear before us bright, And of another little fact I hope that you'll take heed- Without its aid you never could this splendid journal read. To those whose work it is to have it by their side all day Are very glad when evening comes, when they from toil can stray. You'll find that it is sometimes black, at other times 'tis blue, And frequently I've seen it red and violet, it is true. 'Tis sold in little- But I think I'm putting it too plain, So I will bid you all adieu until I come again. H. V. BAnwEtt. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 4. I r:ambled far one evening, till the gloom O'ertook me, and returning in the shade, Footsteps I heard, and looking, there did loom A figure which caused this figured charade. A figure did I say ? Well, there were two, For 'twas both man and horse came into view; And, what was strange, the horse was 5, 6, 4, And limping at its head appeared the man, His clothes with mud bespattered o'er and o'er, Whilst down his forehead gore besprinkling ran. " Why not 1, 2, 4, 6 ?" to him I said. "13, 2, 4," quoth he, with shaking head. " The consequences were 3, 2, 1, 6, As you, young sir, can very plainly see. He bolted, and I soon was ina fix, For, plunging, he got 1, 2, 4 of me. Ho's but a 2, 3, 5, 6 beast at best, Yet full of 2, 1, 6, the sturdy pest!" Amid thus he rattled on, despite his wound, Relating how the acciduent occurred. " But what so startled it, if sight or sound, I really cannot tell, upou my word! A 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6 'tis," quoth he, "What startled it to such a high degree." J. MYEus, DaLfton.in.Furness.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. My primals, and my finals, too, Will bring a quadruped to view. Cross JWords. Down in mines beneath the ground Is this ductile metal found. A little girl went to a shop To buy my next to eat, And into it her teeth did pop Because 'twas nice and sweet. A quadruped put down for third; Of it no doubt you will have heard. My last I saw upon the cheek Of a beggar in the street ; Her clothes were ragged, her head was bare, And shoeless were her feet. J. G. LAMBERT. RHYME REBUS. No. 6. -. jo P. W. PETCIIELL. CHARADES. No. 7. " I am weary, Tom, with walking. Let us go first to that inn." "Second; what's the use of talking When we've not a third within ?" Join these together, and you'll see What little maidens ought to be. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. No. 8. Jiggity, joggity, went Betsy and I In first to my second some needfulsto buy; Clickity, clockity, said third on the way, As to whole we took her that fine market day. C. D., York.
REBUS. No. 9. 'AFRICAN SPE' J. C. S'roxoE. LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. If you behead my whole, which is A river of great f: me, Part of a lIhose's hllarnesn' youl Will hiud that it will naime. On this the same process repeat, And afterwards transpose, A word which means identical I think 'twill then disclose. Now if this you will please curtail, It then will bring to view A Christian name for boys you'll say. And now, kind friends, adieu. J. O'BRIEmN. DECAPITATION. No. 11. No doubt you may have heard Of a useful little word For opening doors that guard the £. s. d.; If you've not, you cannot fail If you read the little tale Called "Ali Baba." Well, that word is me. But if you behead me twice, You will see, to your surprise That I am same. Whatever can I be ? Yet behead me twice again, And you'll see it very plain That in spite of all beheading I am me. Jon DI/LOsE.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation TYords. In my cross words, when inspected May two riddlers be detected, Whose clever cons. our " Tournament" embellish, And which, full of fresh vitality, Bright wit, originality, We never fail to read with thorough relish, CGross Words. In olden times the fatal axe Upon it oft descended; And now to-day the butcher's meat We see upon it vended; A word which, when of tail deprived, Is for my con. intended. For whose benefit's sake there are patentsexisting In guarding his rights very ably assisting. It is not yes; 'tis no more nay; Yet one of them I'll safely say. An adjective not gratifying, To big and little "geese" applying. Undoubtedly a sign of grief, To which they're said to bring relief. The finish, the last, the conclusion, Though not of this riddling effusion. An essential principle in soap, Which has your warm support, I hope. One of the dear creatures With smooth, waxen features, That fond little misses So smother with kisses. T. L. HEltrIe, MONOPHON.E. No. 13. FIRST. 'Tis useful in the joiner's trade; Without it ships could not be made, Or stout woodwork, whatever grade. I've said too much, I am afraid. INTERLUDE. Delete an e, supply a n. Then second you will plainly view. SECOND. Mysterious future could foretell, By birds, or beasts, or magic spell; In Rome, I think, the same befell, If my dull mem'ry serves me well. J. MYEIRS, Dalton-in.Furless. ENIGMA. No. 14. I'm yours, there no mistake is, Though to sight I don't appear; The pleasure you partake is The voice through me you hear. Most people do dislike me, Excepting noisy boys ; And yet I'm ever beaten That I should make a noise. I often go to war, And witness many a fight; On Alma's heights I saw Artillery's deadly light. WV. IrEnnar, Beeootle. LOGOGRPI'H. No. 15. I am a fowl in my first state, And when in pretty good condition By hundreds I am thought a treat; Now let me suffer transposition, Then I am decked with fruit and flowers; But if you would again transpose, My hated name upon you lowers When you're beset by deadly toes ; Strike off my head, and may I ne'er With you, my dear young friends, appear. W. HIDEI, West (lrinstead, DELETION. No. 16. If from a knightly sport of yore One letter you delete, Of righteousness and uprightness What now is left will treat. J. CHARlEs, Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. My first names a god who for war was racuancd ; My second's a sea which in Asia is founsl; What's third will be dear-large diamiousds are so; And Cain fourth poor Abel a long tnes o. I)sID . CHARADE. No. 18. Let all who last to do my first In this our competition, Exert their powers to give YoIung FIl The very lhrst position. For such a paper's, needed much Onr hearts to render cheery When far and wide the world or 'silde Is dismal, whole, and dreary . D Yook