Our friend E. BAXTER to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. On a sultry summer's day, Tom and Harry took their way Over fields and imnissy meadows, to a river running near; For or p ensure they were bent, And their ab olute intent Was to bargain for a boat, and down the sparkling stream to steer. I must mention, by-the-bye, That these sanguine schemers sly Had both " playo + the truant " (thus, I think, 'tis termed in schoolboy lore), And, exuberant with joy, They intended to employ All their leisure in the manner that I've mentioned hereto- fore. When the waterside they gained, To the boatman they explained '1 hat they wanted ' something small and first, with room for two, you know;" And when suited to their taste, They on board at once made haste. Then departed, with brother Tom to steer, and strong Hal to row. They had hardly got away, Ere they found, to their dismay, That the water through the bhot tom 'f the boat began to pour. As tihe sinking craft they eyed, Tommy -uddenly espied 'Neath his feet an ugly second; so they turned her head to sho e. But before they reached their goal, This incorrigible whole Gave a lurch and sank, anu soused the heroes of this rounde- lay; But to shore they quickly got, And as swiftly left the spot, Never deigning to redeem the boat-'tis there unto this day, E. BAXTER. POLYPHONE. Eo. 2. FIRST. At" hunt the stag," or else at " bare and hounds" With mad delight the school pack nimbly bounds; On on, through brake and brier, and he:go and ditch they burst; Let laggards be the last, so I may take the first. How grand to see the mettled racers pace, With neck and limbs outstretched, to win the race! I His blood with courage full. his rider nobly tries To keep first all the way and take the wished-for prize. The Ship at Mortlake's often raised the shout That Oxford now is first without a doubt; But Cambridge too, you see, as oft has heard the samn When placed by me upon the victors' scroll of fame. INTERIUDE. From verse heroic down to dullest prose Is good enough 'or seco d if I chose; I'll scarce do that, but just soar high oenougi To save my verse from bifug wretched stuff 3My second's spelt the same as first, you'll s, But there the likeness, if it spoken be, Is altered much, for then the oi.anging sight Sees now a metal that is brought to light. SECOND. Amid the battle's storm I wildly fly, And many whom I strike lie down to die; With deadly aim I'm sent to kill and slay, While carnage revels in the dread affray. In taking life I'm surely much abused; In saving life I'm surely nobler used ; For safety oftentimes, depends on me The homeward-bound that proudly sails the sea Behold yon noble ship, still nobler crew, That dare do all tih t men would dare to dol Her captain brave all hidden danger mocks, Now casts me forth to guard from sunken rocks, OON'CLUSION. My tale is told; 'twas written very fast, And, what is more. 'twas written with my last; Unless the last is first, the wit excuse, Of T. L. HEsEsRY's polyphonic muse. T. L. HEMIRy. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Words. A great English poet (his works fully show it), My primals reveal unto you I And my finals, I trow, read rightly, willnow An American bard bring to Vlew. roti. Wiordis. If my first you would know. I'd thank you to show To me something possessed by a cray, A crab, and an oyster : 'tis much like a cloister, When you see it, I think you will say. No doubt you have seen, on a night when it's beet Cloudy and likely to rain. A nistround the mon. This you'll tell very so in, And a step t'wards the answer thus gain. Now, if you are able, place your map on a table, lnd then east at Scotland your loss, And an .sland you'll filid. by the se0 of course liued, As you road in g ography books A small cask, I wis, you'll find that fourth is, And my fifth I snow to you will show As a most punientpowder 'twill make you sneeze louder Than anything else that I now. All soldiers, you'll find. please bear it in mind, to this as their duty each day; And I think that with me, my friends, you'll agree, When that this is not good I do say. My eight', now will be. you plainly will see, For shock or for frighten a word; And my ninth. I will say. in -hakespeailan play Is a character of whom you've heard. My last means to give. as sure as I live. Now I've but two things more tolnention, And they are to say I wish you good day, And thank you for your kind attention, SANCOHO PANZA.
CHARADE. h . 4. When unaccommodating Fate From homes we cherish bear away The hearts that in the long ago Laughed far away the clouds of woe And made our life a holiday, 'Tis 1 hen my glorious first appears And bears to the expectalit breast The blest assurances that calm And ease our minds from dark alarm, And set the fluttering heart at rest. Aid more than this; for were my first To pass beyond the reach of men, I fancy trade's uncertain tide As sluggishly as mud would glide, And lose its lively vigour then. My second is a quick affair We meet about us every day, And some of us must surely be Possessed of his high dignity Ere from the world we pass away. My whole's a treasure infinite, By every faithful heart admired ; He carries consolation. oy, In love's unfaltering employ, In noticeable garb attired. But there are times when total bears The dreary messages of care; He bears the dismal tale of death, The story of the dying breath To loving bosoms everyn here. CHILD OF THE iUN. SQUARE WORDS. No. 5. Peter Jones was a bachelor crusty and old, A miser as well, for he'd plenty of gold ; His clothes were all tattered, his chamber was bare, The commonest food served him well for his fare. One bleak winter's night, while sitting alone, To his horror. he heard a low, pitying groan; 7 he door it did second-there entered a man Clad almost in rags, with features so wan. " Thieves I thieves I" cried the miser: and then, in despair, Upon the intruder he rushed like a bear, Who having a first rather long (more s the shame), Peter pulled it, and swittly the crimson blood came. " If you don't leave my room," Peter savagely cried, "I'll third for the police, who will then be your guide." The landing they reached, and then, quite unawares, Madly fighting, they tumbled headlong down the stairs. Theregthey lay, and excitedly fought on the floor, And I'm sorry to state that both of them swore; But the robber at last smote Peter's poor first, Then took to his heels and quickly dispersed. Ever since that great night in Peter's career Every robber keeps olit of his way now through fearl So, readers, I think I'll just bid you good day, For here fourth my verse, and I've no more to say. H. H. ADAMS. MONOPHONE. No. 6 FIRST. In ev'ry garden this does grow ; No matter where, it's alwa) s there, Always 1 said; I co not know if that is right. And as I write, Methinks I know some persons who Don't hold it dear, and never rear It in their gardens, tlhough perhaps They've onions plenty, sharp and scenty. SITERLOIE. The hidden word in stanza number one Is spoken same as in verse number two, But spelling differs; thatis all the fun When trying hard to be fudged out by you. SECOlND. In ev'ry ship this Is the dread Of captain, crew and fisher too. I think that all Young Folks have read Of wrecks it causes, and never pauses At little boats to go and sink, But ironclads-and sturdy lads Are drowned ; perhaps no time to think Before they re drowned and glory crowned. E, W. TISDALE. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. As you may see, my first means keen, But take away my head, An instrument of music will Remain there in its stead. This instrument now please change head, And in its place you'll find A well-known river-fish, I ween, Sppear before your mind. THE HUNTING 'PEAR. TRANSPOSITION. No 8. It every day is taken; Appeareth ne'er forsaken; Is changed to more than double; And then is free from trouble. S. YESSUB. DRBEAPITATION. No. 9. Whole, riddlers, I a weapon am, In time of war I'm found- A weapon, too. that stretches death And devastation round. But if beheaded. I am then, I ween, well known to you; For if you speak, this you must say; Now, for a time, adeu. SYDNEY CALVERT. METAGRAM. No. 10 My whole will be part of yourself ; Change head, and you will view A vehicle I've travelled in, And so have all of you. Repeat the change, dear riddler, then What means to filter's seen; Now change again, this surely grows Upon the ground, I ween. S. ROBINsoN, tp
MONOPHONE. No. 1l I want a cure for love And cannot get it; I gave my heart away, And now regret it. I fell upon my knees To Miss Maginty : Boy, first yourself I" she cried; Her heart was flinty. If you will send a cure (Nay. do not laugh 1), I'll own my next at once By telegraph. T. LORRAINE. METAGRAM. No 12. Part of the human frame, If you will change head, A sweet and pretty flower I'm sur'e yod'll have instead. MAY. REBUS. No. 13 J. C. STOKOE. DECAPITATION. N,. 4. When whole,'tis plain This means to sprain: But if you cut off its head, A series you'll have instead. Behead the last and you will see Something that would wet you and me; Twice behead, and you will find A preposition's brought to mind. JAMES BARNETBON, Charleston. TRANSPOSITION. No. 15. The flowers this once every year In grdens,fields and lanes; What persons are when they an't hear, When transposed, there still remains. S. ROBINSON. PROVERB REBUS. No 16.
T. GILMORE, Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. I fancy a sort of a stamp here is hid; To entertain this. I you sternly forbid; Pronounce confidently, what's here then you've found ; Hush! plainly a musical instrument's sound. GEORGE G. ANAGRAM. No. 18. Hewn a ryev ttleil oby, Hetyents em risft ot oclhos ; Ym satmer lads, gouhht aselt to lal, I swa eht ggibtes loor. E. R. VALPY. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o. OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Qlow-worm. Thus : 10.-A dream. GuffaW. LassO, OrdeR, 11.-Beaver, bear. WigwaM. .12.- Live not to eat, but eat 2.-Cordial. to live 8.- Object, object. 13.-Item, mite, time. 4.-Water-lily. 14.-Repel, leper. 6.- Ayr, air, ere, heir. 16.-Judge not by appear. 6.-Money. ances. 7.-Sophie W. Thus: Splen. 16.- F O P did Our, "Party," Harry, O N E In, quipped. Water. P E T 8.-Cannon-balL 17.-Bob. 9.-Sl-edge, ledge, edge, 18.-Bonny, Bonn, Bon.