Oar friend CARADOO to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, IMONOPHONE. No. 1, FIRST. Long, long~ago, I lived in days of old, Ere night's dark curtain from the earth was rolled; Aniid,later 'on, I riiled' with iron 'hand, When king and aisdnt bowed to nim command. I'm living still, apmillions daily wait, In fear and awe, my chitiees,, fixed mandate. 'I'm never'seeii, !rpt p3seht'everywhere, And rule the worid with fingers light as air. I am the great to-come, the wondrouis past, The present moment, and shall be the last; As now I'm kiiown,' go shall lever be, Till i am blended with'eternity. INTERLUDE. Slight the difference, I ween, First and ;qcond found between, And, 0 reader, be it known But in spelling is it shown. Soft the surmner winds are blowing O'er the moorland and the lea.; Soft and low the kine are lowing, As the childien search for me, And the air is heavy laden With my sweetly.scened breath, As a dainty little maiden Dooms me 'to a seeming death. Though mny life they seem to sever, Well I know, and so do you, I'll be here as si esh as ever When next summer's'skies are blue. CAhADoc, ACROSTIC. No, 2. Foundation Word, Happy and romantic season Of free, careless, blissful joy, Ere crabbed age or steady reason Life's bright visions must destroy I Ere the ear has learnt to listen For each Fvoic of woe or care; Ere the eye has learnt the glisten Of the teardrop of despair. : Life seems all as sweet as honey; What a happy time is this I Like a long day, bright and sunny, Of a pure, enduring bliss. When we've rached the staid October Of our lifetihpe's afet' years, When we have grown thoughtful, sober, S. With the World's hard strifes and fears, Still, in sweetest recollection,' We'll look back, with Fanuc's gaze, To the joy and true affection Of Sweet boyhood's happy days. Oioss Words. First is really 'at no distance Fromwih'ere my deal, reader is; Yes, in actual existence. Yoi will guess this' soon, I wis. Second is a fruit delicious Seeih at hap~iy hlritmas.time; Sonie folks say it is nutritious- Anything to make a rhyme. Third, we thank you for the shelter You gave us in that great storm, As we rushed, all helter-skelter, Till we reached the fireside warm. 9Twas a cold day in December, And when safe indoors we got, We had fourth, we well remember, Very cheering, nice, and hot. Now; give one loud fifth for Budget; After that another one' For the Ed. You'll not begrudge it, For he ev'ry heart has won. BINSTEAD AND CROYDILL. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 3; 'To find my first, now, riddling friends,, I wish to. you good-speed; Add but a celtre; then you'll find ,Ly last as you proceed. The sea ran high, one storny night, The waves, bedecked with foam, Did leap and bound far up the beach, Towards a peasant's home. A silent prayer for satilos homeward bound Was on the peeasant's lps, when, ah I that sound I It was a first, blown on the breeze, From some ship tempest tossed. I-ieav'n help tlhemn off the rocks to steer, Or surely they'll be lost. . But hark I 'tis thereo'ttiaiu, lind nearer still ! Th'e peasant bounds in darkneoss down the hill, Ere many yards he'd ruin, a crash Above the tempest's roar Is heard; then soon heartrending cries Come floatino to the shore. lie hastens on, regardliss of the storm, WIien 'imidst the surf he spies a heunau form. An instant more the waves had flung The ffdin Within his redah. It was a female form he bore In iafet.y to the beach; ' ' A female'forni,' drenced with the waters wild, And to her last was claspedan inifant child. 'U : J. Mxxis, Dalton.in.Furness. METNAGR4P. Somne thouspj.l d'go to uyflrst; 'Bit'ifyJy'deahminge iny head,' SWhat yo'"sbi it evbr' sh6W,' . Y~u t'ios will liavio instead. S.. ,'BArNxr C,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words, Two sisters crosswords plainly show, Which is admired most I do not know. Gross Words. Another name, please, give the sun, And then my riddle is begun. A boy's Christian name for next please show, Spelt either way the same it is, I trow. If for my third you take a gentle blow, The answer certainly 'twill help to show. Upon your head you'll find you wear this article. This is a.fact, without of doubt a particle. A small French word "interpreted, does mean In English "here." This is most plainly seen. For sixth, I'd thank you to put down Part of your head. You'll fnd 'tis near the crown. ]ito your maps you turn, my last you'll find InPoland is a town ; please bear this in mind. SAwco PANZA. CHARADE. No. 6. A friend of mine, the other day, Came running up to me. Says he: " Old pal, I'm going away From England, as you'll see. I'm going to cross the ocean wide, Far, far into the West. I can't get on, although I've tried In England's sunny first. My second transposed, I think you can Assist me much this day, If only it with me you'll scan Before I sail away. w My goods I shall not take away, Although there's over a third. I'll sell by auction all to-day- I will, upon my word." My whole's an English town of fame, In which I've spent much time. Now give to me its proper name, You'll find it in this rhyme. J. C., York. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 7. One day, young Tommy Turniptops Ran homewards loudly yelling, " My first, my first, oh, dear I 'tis burst, And, oh, how it is swelling 1" He'd fought with Billy Barleybread And got a proper beating; And now this last he made as fast He homewards was retreating. Now Tommy's first you've but to find, Then by a centre placing, You will agree, I think, with me The answer you'll be tracing. J. MYEns, Dalton.in.Furness. ENIGMA. No. 8. I am a word of letters threr, As small a noun as you will see; And yet I count within imy store A thousand well learned men or more. In music I have always been; And close to kitchen fires I'm seen; I'm found in taverns, and at night I keep your window shutters tight. How various then my tasks must be I So many things depend on me. Now, rhyming bards, the answer seek, I'll say adieu until next week. M. SWEETMAN, Balbriggan. METAGRAM. No. 9. My first denotes a male, you'll see, But if you'll change its head, A vessel that will water hold You'll surely have instead. Change head again, then will be seen A thing that ladies use. Now if you do all this aright, These lines may you amuse. T. ROBERTS. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 10. Whole brings but sorrow, pain, and woe, Fills men's minds with consternation, But when beheaded, curtailed, turned round, Behold-a wondrous transformation I Instead of misery like first, Second every one must bless; It brings felicity to all, Fills our homes with happiness. FLosSIE B., Manchester. No. 11. A man, without a doubt, in me is seen; The rest, my riddling friends, I'd have you guess; Transpose, the cause of many deaths I've been, Though blameless for them all, you will confess. Behead me, then an adjective I form, Denoting eager-more I cannot say; Curtail me, once again do I transform: I'm now an interjection meaning "stay I" E. BAXTEnn, TRANSPOSITION. No. 12. If you this to appear in the Budget, You will find that great care 'twill require; Transpose, then I'm sure *e won't grudge it, If your poem is one we admire. JIM. REVERSION. S No. 13. My whole is an exclamafion of sorroW or pity, But if you reveise it, I ween, The name of a writer who's pleasant and witty At once in its place will be seen. W. S. SEE..
LOGOGRIPH. No. 14. An English river first you take; Behead, a hole you then will make; Now change this head, and speedily A soldier's dwelling meets your eye; If you behead this and transpose, You'll find the number of your toes; Transpose again, before you stands A fisher with me in his hands. APE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. First is a pretty name, I'm sure, You've often heard of it befoi'e; With my next don't make a blunder, It always means reverse of under: In your stockings, coat, or dress I'm found, in numbers more or less; Without my last you couldunot write, Could not work, and-could not fight. CLARA WILLIAis. REBUS. No. 16. Nt. NEMO. CHARADE. No. 17. An easy charade you'll find this to be (As each puzzle is that is made up by me), Therefore please do not go till its a iswer you've guessed; But if you can't solve it, don't call me a pest. Brave Tor was a first-of this I am sure; Sir Jack, too, whose conduct was noble and pure. 'Tis a title hard fought for, and gentlemen grand Now own it in England, our own golden land. All monks wear my second, no matter how old- I've. not seen a monk, but thus I've been told- As also do lasses, for I've myself seen These things on their heads-as a head-dress, I mean. And now to end this bad riddle I'll try, And, if you'll assist me, I do not see why You shouldn't join first on to second, and see That my whole a title or order ill be. E. W. TIsDALE.
REBUS. No.18. J. C. STOOBE. DECAPITATION. No. 19. In almost every shape I'm made, My beauty ne'er is known to fade If kept both clean and bright; Behead, you see me night and day; Once more behead, there comes to sight One who can work and bray. FAUNA DEY.