Our friend LOTTIE W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHAR ADE. No. 1. Afirst afirst Harktotheryl And louder still they shout; The people scream, and some rash on To fetch the engines out. At last a welcome sound is heard Qthorses galloping; The noble first brigade is out, And speedy help they bring. The second of a watch how fine And Wonderful appears I ..$o4lic~c te, and yet we know It lasts'for years and years. Miss Daisy Maya party' gave; It was to celebrate The very memorable day When years she numbered eight. With games the time too quickly passed For all thp youngsters small; But after:supper, you must know, There came the crown of all. Into the garden they were sent-- Oh what d lovely sight For Daiy.'~'brothers then displayed Some'splendid whole must bright. The anyweranow, nyi elever friends, Ihavet'no doubt you'll tell, o-for th'e:preseit., if you please, ,I biid you allfarewell. LoTTrrB W., Brlghton, ACROSTIO. No.. . Foundation Word. The place I love so well, ' The pilee where fl.w'iets dwell, Theplace where the.v are seen in freshness fair, And :azy zephiyrego To ask, in whispers low, , f g; , a 1gt es perfume cannot spar.. And where t~ho crimson rose Her petals does uselose, And prneud i conscious beauty rears her head; Thusdttpd Well td reign The qzeen' 6f the domain ; Her subJfta-.-t.Clos to humbler beauty wed. And where the butterly Is flittiig gaily by, . Upon no errand.nd n purpose bound; The whllfitiile e ill has'te The nectar sweet to'taste, And swell her store within the waxen round. mWhere throngh the sunny day, Chafmes from the'Jeafy spray The strain of bird musicians on the air ; And'their song' does sweetly swell Where around the flow'rets dwell, And where ev'rything is beautiful and fair. . .,1*.# Words. Such sparkle and shine, No dponbttery fine. Bd6pose to th orchard we pay a short visit Among the sweet fruits ustto show you which ist, Ye bards, a disclosure do you'I desire, For I chance at this moment the same to require., I should not ever care to be In such a sorry strait,. Which thing to do, whilh course to take, Bdre plizzllng my poor pate, Aparept's this :tall, I'm sure-. Appap.'nt, plafi and clear " Tho~g b'ere u:icertain andobsoure -.More likel':t oappear. A denral I here Jhave to give you, perforce ; Yet, believe meit comnies from the month of the horse, * T. L. HaEarY. DEOAPITATION. -.- i o. 8. SFirstr s the cost of anyting ; S But if you please bead, A vey seful kind'of grain iI'm suteyou'll have'insteadi Aga behead, whb Winter's hand ,.Iese etched o'er l~d and sea : ' ThIs'this proved a source of Joy Aid healthy sport fdr me. QBEN: .Mo.nnA1 La FAY. S " ANSPOSITION. 1o. 4. My whole's wbire frudta nid floirers grew, -Where eveFthlug asW fair, FI·wsa B., Manchester. isplace ,;n.4. :,b. p.,. Of vaiad rshapes and forms I'm alwaysyto beseen ; Sometimes opin the smoothest lawns, I" Or 66 Ehvilinage green, - Si.i n'8l icl'oy'7 loy mountain pass, S, lso in every yard Iram n, t'p r;~ wood,or:glae, But yet l'm.very hard. S' by joT'll$ s godng y, "- .. . ' . . t " R E G U R E ALD a n
FIGURED OHARADUL No. 6. Now, youthful riddlers, here you'll me Whole representing 1,.2, 8- You cannot say 4,2; A little further 6, 2 on, You find a funny 5,8,1 Will surely come to view. An animal is 5,4, 8, Which we but very seldom see 2, 4 Old England's shore; The cause of death to many a man, Also to many a bird, you'll scan Within my 5, 3,4. Five letters does my whole oontaiz, So now the answer to obtain I hope you all may strive' For aye 'tis best to try and learn, And after truth and honour yearn Whilst 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. J. MYmns, Dalton-inFuranes No. 7& Behead a female Chr(slamn nam4 And then 'twill bring to sight What's seen in England every year, And viewed with much delight Behead again, and then at onca A little card appears, And on it fortunes may be lost Or won'mid hopes and ears. I wish I could behead a female Christian, But as I oan't, good-bye ; And now. 'twillyou Yobring ol riddlers ht What's seefind the ansd every year, LOGOGRIPB. No. 9. MAnd first you'll find grows in the elght. Beheaded, things anoft to thenis yield; Of hed bereno ft, you alln this dode a Transpose, a pleasant drink you'll view. J. TROWSDAL
No., 1 .4 No. 11. An article take which Is worn on the head, Change tail, a conveyance 'twill show ; The same thing repeated, I think, will produce An animal all of you know' But its till geain change and then y6u wll fld A noise which imade by the crow. A Nbw EZALA1D3U. CUUTAILM ENT. No. 12. What means to see frugally My whole brings to view I And to quarrelit means, If curtailed by you; Again curtail, and it will be A mineral water, as you will see. SQUARI WORDS , Na 18. A poet's name will here be seen; Of all the flowers this isthe queen A continent this e'er has been; A spell ds time is thies, Iwen ýý 3. lmsnsDalton ln"lurneu.
JAIRADE. No. 14. My first is a talented author of France, No doubt you have heard of his name, Whose spirited fiction and thrilling romance Have added much blaze to his fame. My second each day in the street maybe foand, Inmyself hope to be one in time; My third is a beautiful colour turnedround ; And now I shall finish my rhyme. My whole is a creature which (so I have heard) Quite safely exists in the flames; It is not a biped, nor is it a bird, But whole its name rightly proclaimes F. W. BInsBTnAA SQUARE WORDS, No. 16. My first is a bird, So I have heard; My next all madmen do My third is there, Not round nor square, But jus between the two I Mylast is here With water clear, But It is deep,'tie true. QuM N MORGAN PAT. No. 10. Phreti part of the head, as yon'll see: Next comes at Christmas-time you will agree I A girl's pretty name. I think, this will be; An animal this that belongs to the sea. FPaD TAYLOR. CENTRAL DELETION, No. 17. Don't doubt the assertion I'm going tomaks, For te ruth I shall tell to you all, And if you then doubt me you make amistake That will cause my ambition to fall. The assertion I make it quite clear unto you, Likewise you can bear this in mind, That when I am whole, if rm brought into iew, You will see I'm a part of mankind. Though, if rm deleted, I think you will see A word quite familiar to you, It's what minute guns do when on the deep seaI So now, for the present, adieu. MYarne. WALIf AND STaWART, Astley Green. ENIGMA, No. 18. ro useeare various, as is my capaeity I To fnd out the whole needs unusual saa t In order that you may be somewhat befriende~ The following hints are politely intended. I am used in all slees and patterns at table, And of costly materials by those who are able To bear the expense, though 'twill certainly follow My use lies in this--that I'm always made hollow. But nowyou're presented with quite a new feature By which to discover this versatile creature; I compass within my capacious enfolding A number of vessels-all hands told, too, holding. When at table I'm subject to much lcoomotion; But, as just above stated, resemble the ocean; Though steadfast,-there still is an internal movement, Produced by, at times, artificial improvement. trrived at this point, if there be no objection, Lets try the effect of a little dissection. My head, if displaced, leaves a matter appalling, And one into which we are constantly falling. It may be at seasons with no bad intention, For failings all have, and too numerous to mention. In all our tranasotions be this our endeavour- To do as we wish to be done unto, ever. J. L., Lambeth. PALINDROME, No. 19. The climax of day this Will eertainly name, And backwards and forwards it reads ust thesame. LlDT TaktLmi HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 20. " Oh, Hanlon, don't detain me I" The little fellow cried I "You know that I have got the key, And mother is outside, To Yorkshre I have been Along with pleasant father I The spreading fields were green, And flowers I did gather. Pray, that label fasten, John, Upon my trunk so small, As on the next train I'll begone To meet them one and all J. BzTHEL, Pendleton. ANAGRAM, No. 21. Hrete's eann llwl pewe fro hty dsisster, "Ohubg fridsen atnds rims dan uter; Bof ni hte gnadlet ernseedilw Heyt lbeed nad tablet otA. sLYrEvnTalU ANSWERSB TO RIDDLEBI , a0., OF LAST WEB , L-Keep-sake. able, frOst, AnNan, MyErs, S.-Wolfe. Thus: Welling- Christmas, waTer. ton, Orange, Linnet, 18.-Seal, deal.real,veal,teaL Lrancs, Earl. 10,- --Haunt,taunt, t. 1 PAN 4.-Prosper proper, L A M B S ,-Dcaen, dos, HAMMOOK &8-Persia. BROOK .-Lead,deal I 0 N 8.-- candle. K ,-enterbury Be ll, 0 10.-Dover, Poole, York, BOX Venice, Lisbon, Bome, YOUNG Athsn,BerneOmkTuni, B ] A T TY I N 1l-Bard, bark, bartbarb, I LN H OW S 14.-Fred, red, Ed. 18.-Ascot Meeting. A L L 14.-Looee, Ie. L 18,-Douse, doe. -ce l 8.--Bake, raoe, wake; 2,--hde, hide. ]'--Honeet, T~huas: LaugH- 2.--Dedlet, defect