Our friend ANNIE F. STANTON to.dasy takes thoe lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. When an Englishman attains the height Of six feet one, folks cry, " The fellow's quite a manly sight I" And others, " What a guy !" Now, if your servant chose to crow, I think 'twould be more meet, For often I've been known to grow To five-and-sixty feet. And when some people in your land Don't know a thing or two, Their friends are apt to dub them "green"- Least, I have heard 'tis true. Well, I was green in younger days, Or so I have been told, Yet, strange to say, I get more praise Now I am brown and old. A country called Columbia Hasldways been my home, For, though my fame has travelled far, I've never cared to roam. Upon a rock I sit all day, Unmoved by travellers' stare; I do not heed the words they say, Nor for their praises care. But when the sun, with dazzling light, Shines through the cloudy sky, The people come, with faces bright, And many a joyous cry. With weapons sharp they pierce my heart, My life's blood warm to drink. Now, clever folks, I've told you part, What am I, do you think ? ANNIE F. STANToi , Holloway. CHARADE. No. 2. I went with ma the other day, To wander through the town, And I happened to have been giv'n that day A nice bright half a crown. A thought just struck me all at once When I found that I had that, So I went into a batter's shop And bought a nice first hat. I received it, and then came out And joined my ma again; So then she said, " We'll go and see My second by the train." We trotted to the station, And soon were on our way, And I thought that never in my life I spent such a pleasant day. When we arrived at my second, The guide he showed us through, And as we walked in here and there, We saw not one thing new. I was much engrossed at the sights, For there were many to be seen, And when we started off for home Very sorry I was, I ween. It could not, howe'er, be helped, And the train sped on its way; But I was full determined To visit it another day. The train soon after stopped, And we by our friends were beckoned. Now, remember, you'll surely find my whole By joining my first and second. W. KEAISNEY, Bootle. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Words. A beefsteak pie, abook, an axe, a needle, A mutton chop, a slate, a pin, a spade, A nail, an egg, a pig, a parish beadle, Each one of these in primals is surveyed. A noble mansion by a park surrounded, With fields and woodland spreading far and wide, Where oft the hunting horse and stag have bounded, The finals in this scene can be descried. Cross Words. A kind of science is by first denoted, The letter a begins and ends its name; If e'er your time to cricket is devoted, You'll know what next is, if youknow the game. A certain plant that sometimes on one's table Is seen at dinner-time, in third is shown; Now all who strive to solve this myst'ry sable Must write for fourth a fruit that's not much known. A word of letters four my fifth will state, or, To be quite plain, a kind of bog or fen ; The folks that live about the earth's equator Are seen in what for this, my sixth, I pen. By next a messenger is made explicit; And in my eighth a kind of scarf is seen; One moment more your notice I solicit, My last's the servant of a king or queen. E. BAXTES. MONOPHONE. No. 4. I was sitting all alone One dark and stormy night When some one at my door Did give a first so light. Then a woman, with a next Wound round her form and head, Looked in, and said, "Can you Give a woman poor a bed ?" "I think you are mistaken," I hastened to reply; Then I showed her where she could Get lodgings just close by. W. SAUNDERnaS, Powmill, TRANSPOSITION. No. 5. If a domestic animal Be properly transposed, A word which meaueth to perform Will quickly be disclosed. J. O'BnIEN.
ENIGMA, No, 6. I'm red, I'm white, I'm blue, I'm green, And almost every colour seen; I'm thick, I'm thin, I'm every size, You have me now before your eyes. I'm seen in almost every house, And sometimes eaten by a mouse, And many a process I go through Before I'm handed down to you. HIDER AND BURTENSHAW, Steyning. LOGOGRIPH, No. 7. Ye riddlers clever, if you guess My whole aright, you will confess It means a common saying; But if you kindly would bereave The head and tail, you will perceive A person fond of straying. W. PFEIFFER. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. J. WoRswICx. CHARADES. No. '9. My first is in most shops; In every window my second. My whole is used for the bed, And in winter a comfort is reckoned. J. H. WICKHAM. No. 10. My first you are oft on a hot summer's day; A cavern my second to you will display. These words join together, a poet they name, Whose writings stand high in the annals of fame. W. P.EIFFER.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 11. / 0/ ELANO, Belfast. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 12. To-day, dear friends, I've little time to spare, Yet, so that my amusement all may share, This con, of mine I will at once declare, If you agree. Of rashness, then, I warn you to beware, Lest you may fall into that common snare; Be sure and steady; ever by despair Unconquered be. Then, if you but for novelties can care, They're not to be discovered everywhere, And this, I trow, is anything but rare- A stately tree. When that you've rooted from its secret lair, Just place a letter in the centre fair, And naught more popular than what is there You'll ever see. J. CHARLES, Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. That you sometimes indulge in my first you will see, Often pleasant and soothing I own it to be; My second won't puzzle you long when you hear It is used for expressing a reverent fear; Sad to think, many people my last seem to find A good place for my first-not improving their mind. ANON.
TRIPLE ACROSTIC, No. 14. Cross Words. In Ireland, one day, having some time to spare, I took a long ramble ('twas in County Clare). The air was delightful, the morning was grand When an urchin I saw, with a rod in his hand, A creel on his back-he'd a landing net, too. Said I to myself, " What is he going to do ?" For not long before this an Act had been made By our Legislature, which fishing forbade In freshwater streams for some months in each year. " Most curious," thought I, " I've a transgressor here" " Come here, boy 1" I bawled. "Come this ray, you Yuge. He sullenly frowned, and I thought he'd decamp, But silent he stood while you'd read half a page. Said I, "What's your name, boy, and what is your ame? And where do you come from, and what hare you here? You're bent on transgressing the law, I much fear. You'd better get rid of your rod, line, and net, Or else, peradventure, in trouble you'll get." He shuffled about, and looked this way and that, And then scratched his head through the crown of his tha "I'm twelve my name's Pat, and from Ennis I comic" e He stopped short, and then fell to sucking his thumbl Thought I, "That's enough; now no longer I'll chide." I also remembered the Act but applied To England, so sixpence I took from my purse And gave it him, thinking I might have done worse, He stared in amaze, and no doubt thought me kind, Then took to his heels, and ne'er once looked behind. Foundation Words. Now five words sort out, and in them may be traced (N.B.-In consecutive order they're placed) Three towns. The initials an Irish one name; The centres a Scotch one, though not of great fame; The finals will point out a large English town, For cloth manufacture it has great renown. A. S. PLArTS, Shetleld, ENIGMA. No. 15. One of the commonest things am I, one that is useful,too; One you frequently espy, travelling countries through; I don't travel. Oh, dear, no i I'm standing all the tife; I brave the rain, the hail, the snow, in this unsettled clime. I warn by day, I warn by night, of dangers creeping nlear I tell you, too, when all is right, and when the pathrways clear. My arms outstretched will in the clay beseech thee have a care, And from my eyes each beaming ray at night implore "Beware i" What am I like ? Well, list and hear. My body's thin and tall; My feet (I'll try to make it clear), I think, are very smal- I say "I think," for, you nmust know, they're buried from my sight; My eyes, with often.changing glow, are plainly seen d night. My arms are firm, and stout, and strong, but hands, nsk! they've none, And of these arms, which are not long, I've two, or three or one; Of feet and body you have heard, now what about my head? Well, though you'll think it most absurd, 'tis thick, ih must be said. No mouth you'll see, no nose, no chin, on this thick h of mine, And till the darkness setteth in, my eyes will cease to shine, My arms are often on the move, though legs and feet cI still. The truth of what I say please prove-'tis easy, if yu s ill WAd, Ziai'rwr', ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 16. My first is a boy's Christian name, Which, riddlers, please write down; Next is a useful article; And third is seen in gown. A kind of fish for next is seen; And last is a boy's name, I ween; Centres, if read aright, I know, An animal will surely show. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. My first in every house is seen, Whether 'tis large or small; And next's a weathercock, 1 ween, Oft placed on steeple tall; All things must have one of my third, As you can plainly see; While last is made by every bird That lives wild in the tree. FnCAIO L'C. LOGOGRIPH. No. 18. My first, when reversed, or turned the wrong wa}, Will show what takes place in our shops every day; When second the same process it doth undergo, A neuter pronoun I believe it will show. Third a large town I'm sure you will find, Not any in particular-pray bear this in mind. These parts, when combined or united by you, The power of recovering shape will bring to ier.' T. H., 3romsigroe.