Our friend ANNIE STANTON to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. 1No. 1. "Dear papa, how I love the bright summer day, The bees, and the rose-coloured bowers; How second all Nature, how sweet smells the hay, The sunshine, the dewdrops, the flowers "It all seems so happy, the birds sing so gay, The lark soars up, up in the sky, The grasshoppers chirrup, the lambkins at play- I wish that the flowers could not die." " My child," said her father, "my dear 1 ttle May, Your wish is but foolish and vain; You wish that the summer for first could stay Without storms, wind, or thunder and rain." "But do not the brightest of joys here appear Much fairer and gladder and gay, When before all around you was d smal and drear, Without pleasure or brightness and play ?" "Just so, little darling, we value the flowers After long weeks of cold, frost, and snow. And what would the trees be without cooling showers ? Now say, my dear, is it not so? " And winter, I think, is not very drear, We have always my whole fresh and fair; All things are cheerful when Christmas draws near; And put off dull thoughts and all care. "Then pine not, my darling, that blossoms must fail; That flowers so beauteous must die; The great Lord above, He careth for all, Thi y will all come again by-and-bye." ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 2. An ancient number will, my friends, This pyramid commence : This means the reason I would know Before I do go hence. Our weekly this we all do love, Instruction threo a at hand: In foreign parts my next names an Exts naive tract of land. This names a place where vessels may At anchor safely ride; And this means for the father to Hand down to son with pride. To grammar not according you Will find my next implies; And now, because of this, the stars Are countless in the skies. A hearty welcome these receive Alike from young and old, When round the cheerful hearth old friends Their thrilling tales unfold. My centrals name a pleasant time, Which comes but once a ) ear : Then beef and puddings in their prime, And lots of other cheer. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furnoss, METAGRAMS. No. 3. There once was a time, but 'tis long, long ago- For that I am heartily pleased, you must know- The laws, if there were any, then had no sway; Bat the man who had first always had his own way. Now please change my head, and then you will view What a man who had first would have often to do If he met with another man-that is to say- Who was equally wishful to have his own way. Change head, for the loss of this naught could repay, By it we distinguish the night from the day; No man in this world knows how hard 'tis to sever From me, like the man who has lost me for ever. A gain I must trouble you, alter my head, You see now the time when we all go to bed; Not only does man, but a beast also knows By instinct that this is the time for repose. Again change, now this is what all men should do, Let what is this guide you, ou'll never need rue; As you're fighting your way through this world's busy throng Do all that is this, and avoid what is wrong. No. 4. A vehicle if you change head, A kind of deer you'll have instead; If now I am of head bereft, A word for skill there will be left. R. E. D., Exm'.uth. PALINDROME. No. 5. My whole will rend What means to bend- Trv to fnd my name; And if you me Reverse, you'll see I still remain the same. C. FERB'ANeP. Oxford. OMEG RAM. No. 6. Upon a house my whole is seen: Change tail, within a housoe 'twill be; Again change tail, and then. I ween, Part of an acre you will see:; Chaige tail again, and you'll find out Part of a plant, 1 have no doubt. F. A. CORDREY, Shiplake.
DELETION. No. 7. A man-of-war 'mongst England's ships My whole I find to be: The first part of the word delete, And naught remains, you'll see. W. P. WILLIAMi., Holy'vell. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 8. To awaken if the centre's deleted by you, A pretty flower 'twill bring to view. Sil LAUnCELot. No. 9. My whole's a town of Germany; But centre please delete, And a town of Austria You will have complete. C. FERNBANKS, Oxford
PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. LrE;u1s, London. CURITAILfMENTS. No. 11. I am an insect; curtail me twice, And a musical itstrument you'll have in a trice. POT Hooa. No. 12. I'm sometimes white, I'm sometimes red : But if ourtailed by you, A well-known girl's name now, 'tis said, Will surely come to view. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 13. An English town curtailed, it brings To view a bird that never sings, The fleetest living thing on wings, Oft harbinger of happy things. J. F. O'MAHONY, Cork. REVERSION, No. 14. A kind of noise my whole will name; Reversod, it still is just the saulo. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 15.
AxON. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 16. Gross Words. If to the chilly north you go, O'er ice and frozen bogs, You'll see my first glide o'er the snow, Drawn by Esquimaax dogs. Part of the day--you here will v'ow The female who did prove untrue. I've endeavoured to express right plain, Like Whittington, to turn again. A semi-substance, you will find, Will soon appear in sight, The be-t that I can bring to mind To show a brilliant light. Come, put your powers to the test, This is a last found In the West; And final cannot be surpassed For monuments and buildings vast. Foundation Words. Primnals and finals, you will see, Will bring before your view A man who serves the Y. F'. B.. His Queen and country too. J. G. LUMSDEs.
ACROSTIO. No. 17. Foundation Word. My primals show a general, Who valiantly did fight; And, if you look correctly His name will come to light. Cross Words. At the map of Russia if you glance, This town you'll surely find. A river this, 'tis foundl ia France- Its name please bring to mind. A valiant traveller this will show, Of very great renown; And if my next you wish to know, Put down an English town. A well-known Eastern country this For opium has great fame. This is a useful flower, I wis, I pray you find its name. This is a large and common bird, By everybody known; About this plant you all have h' ard, In China it is grown. A de:icious fruit in this is seen, It mostly grows in Spain; An African port is this, I ween- Come, solve it once again. J. G. BAKER, London, DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. If you behead what means to game, A kind of harbour it will name. H BEYNON, Brist,;l No.19. A household utensil if you behead, A word that means space you'll have instead. FIRERE ET Sc(EU, Dresden. No. 20. A kin 1 of fence if you behead, Part of a knife you'll have instead, W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 21. Part of your body my whole will be; Behead, and here is a well-known tree; Curtail, you see a useful article; Reverse, you smart when a part'cle Of your flesh you this, as y,,u know; Change tail, nothing this will show; Reverse, change tail again, and you'll trace Part of \ our person, tis on your face: Change head, this means top, end, or point; Again change, and you see a leg-Joint. J. MURRAY, Live" pool. No. 22. What all do at school if you please to curtail, A ,'hakespearean king you'll see without fail; Put on my tail, and take off my head, To gain by our labour is now seen instead; This last curtail, and then, I ween, Part of your head is surely seen; Put on my head, and then transpose, What is quite true it will illsclose. AMY ROBSART, Shepherd's ush. CHARADE. No. 23. My first is worn by men and boys, By girls also, 'tis true; 'Tis dnark.'tis light. 'tis black. 'ts white, And other colours too. In shape and size it varies much, As most of us have found; 'Tis large, 'tis small,'tis short.'tis tall, Though nearly always round. My second's made of wood, of bras;, Of iron, and of tin; Though mostly made of loather when To keep my first within. When for a first a second's made, It changes, you'll confess; For second then becomes my whole, Which you, no doubt, will guess. V. R. CARL' SS. ---- ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST W&ICaL 1 -King-fisher. 14.-Toronto. 2.--The last drop makes the 15.-Dunbar. cup run over 16.--Dundalk. 3.-Hatter, batter, latter, 17.-Rugby, ruby. patter 18.-_1lourn, morn. 4.-Gold, hold, bold>. 15.--Civic. 5.-Pear, hear. 20.-A da. 6.-Came, Cam. 21.-Cregan, E. S. Hope G. 7.-Apploby, apple. Grant. Thus: CiphlirinlG, 8.-Cowper, cow. linSinG, EtHeR, GOA, 9.-Plate, tale. AsPeN, NET. 10.-Yarn, barn, bard, hard, 22 -Rhone, heron. hart, cart, carp, harp. 23.-'l'eam, tame. mate, most. 11.-Bounce, ounce. 24.-He that would soar muet 12.-Brook, rook. fear no fall. 13.-Shark, hara, Ark. 25.-Gig.