Our friend G. GRANT to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIO. No. 1. Foundation Word. I was taking my way Through a meadow one day, And I heard my initials behind me; And before I could cry, "Good gracious I Oh, my I" In a ditch o'er the hedge did they find me. Cross Words. A watering-place In this you will trace, A most pleasant one you will say; In next you may view What no doubt's used by you, And by thousands of people, each day. That this is a part Of a cab or a cart Each one of you know, I opine; In this you have got, When the weather is hot, What's pronounced to be cooling and fine. This article here Will bring forth a tear, To it I am far from devoted; If I should be right,. You'll see in this light A plant that for perfume is noted. G. GRANT, Bayswator. LOGOGRIPIIUS No. 2. A kind of tree curtail; you'll find 'Twill bring a useful thing to view, Which,when reversed, I know you'll say You would not like a this on you. J. TiO WSDA LE, No. 3 To secure from destruction My whole d.,th Imply ; To retain, when beheaded, You then will descry. Transpose it right, then, without fear, A change for wosoe will soon appear; Behead, then please, transpose again, Of ti eatment this we are not vain. Curtail, then you will have in sight A word which means to disunite; Once more, if you aright transpnse, You'll have a word which is not prose. Again, if you tr nspose aright, It means to treat or to requite ; One letter, now. if you delete, Then dry or wither'd 'tis complete. Call transposition's aid again, Aiprophot, then, you'll see quite plain; Decapitate, then 3 ou will view A contraction-so, frien(s, adieu. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furnes. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. 4If you my gentrals downwards read, And crossways, too, I trow, An English seaport town, you'll find, They unto you will show. My first you'll always find in blue'; Siy next, I hope, you never do, t's very wicked, that I kow: And third an English town will show. In p'oor folk's homes my fourth you'll see- It is not Iice, as you'll agree; Fifth is an English ealport town, Which is Of very great renown. My sixth, I think, you call a seer, Or one who foretells things ; oh, dear I I see I'm putting it too plain, I won't do such a thing again My seventh will a colour name; And eighth's part of the human frame; Foriast put dowi 6cne-fourth of glue, And now I'll bid yi6u all adieu. But only for a little-time : I mean to send another rhyme, Which all of you will see, I trow- That's if it's good enough, you know. KATIE TAYLOB. ENIGMA. No. 5. In every modern house I'm found, -4 A usefpl thing am I ; And it will not great knowledge need My merits to desci y. Sometimes I am the primal cause Of making people die; I am a blessing or a curse, I can be low or high. I'm made by fire, th re is no doubt; I carry water, too; And. things are sometimes made of me -That would astonish you For once a house was built of me, And stands yet to this day; Now try and find thi4 puzzle out, Ye riddling rhymers gay. W. A. WILLIaIs, Neath. PALINDROME. No. 6, My whole comes whdn the day is gone, 'Tis also a girl's admne; Read either way, aa1d you will see . That I am just the same. J. ToWSDALE,
CHARADES. No. 7, Please take for first a shi ' which sails at sea; And for my second write down a conjnction; Now, if the two are jo ped, you then will see A thief who robs withouttheo least compunction. LEO XIII. The first has borne the work of man; In next a relative you scan : The two if you w.ll but combine, The present whole will doubtless shine. B. Ci.EERE. No. 9. I stand within a darksome cell Six years these dreary walls i've seon; Would I had staled where thou do-t dwell, And in this prison thou hadst been. Would that I now could first my head Upon a sweet and loving wife, It is but trou that I would lead A faithful, good, and honest life. But, no I too late I my fate is sealed, My last of happinesa is.gone; No consolations; naught has healed The mental throes which I have borne, My brain will first. my heart will break; But thou, old wall I gaze upon, Shalt ever bear my name. I take A rusty nail, and etch thereon. 'Tis done, I fall upon my bed (Ah I bed I say-a bed of wood) ; But let it be, my weary head Will ,ever come t any good. If I could wit-- What's this I see Now lying silent on the ground ? Oh, happy sight to gladden me. The last of thismy cell is found. I place It in a formal way, Then first, yet silently indeed; Oh, how I wish some nuble fay Woild bear me on a flying steed i Quite safe. I thought ; but my surmise Was very sorely in the wrong : For total walteth : I'm his pr.ze; He gruffly bids me "Come along." So now a convict I must stay For more than thrice my former time, And shortly shall be sent away To labour in a for eign clime And thus you learn my state was sad, But freedom I was fain to see : Endeavours failed. You see 'tis bad To violate felicity. J. G. LiJISDESx. DOUELE ACROSTIC,. No. 10. Cross Words. The primale and finals read downwards by you, A favourite author will come into view; In reading his stories all boys take delight- Of adventures at school and at sea does he write. He instracts and informs us in stifferent ways, And does, without bragging. deserve highest praise; When his name yon discov. r you'.l give him three cheers, At least all who call yourselves true Budgetiers. ,oundatton Words. Out for the day ? Oh, be that as it may, I like a good coach any day, so I say; But not one that always does this, nay, nay. Look into the smithy. the smith you will see, With hammer in hand, as strong as can be; His muscles are stronger than iron bands, And he do.s his work well with his pow, rful bands. He sings as he works, and is happy, I w:s; But strong as he is, he can't work without this. What kind of wine. friend, am I drinking ? It is not port or hock, I'm thinking; No, sir. it's neither of the twain, It's from an isle that lies off Spain. A Scottish map : or, stay, we'll say A map of Scotland take, I pray; Search rouid the coast, and do your best, You'll fins this island on the 'West. Dear me, what a clatter I Whatever's the matter A gentleman thrown from his horse. "Is he this, sir'?" " Oh, yes, sir; his leg's broke, I wis, sir I" "Indeed I Well, it might have been worse." FRED TAYLOR. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 11. From a Christian name the centre delete, And a title you will ha\e complete. POT HooK. No. 12. A ducal diadem please write, Then cut the centre ourt. An instrument of music then Will come to sight, no doubt. H. E. BISmAAD. REVERSIONS. No. 13. A well-known toy reversed by you What's seen in the kitchen will come to view. SIR LAUSCELOT. No. 14. A graceful animal; Read backwards by you, A musical pipe Will come to view. EsiLC.Y M. CANTER, Bradford. DECAPITATION S. No. 15.. A hand carriage if you behe d, A war weapon you'll have instead. J. W. BROOK, Bradford. No. 16, A certain English town -For itsiolloge hbs g' eat fame ; But when it is beheaded, A heavy weight 'twill name. J. G. BAKER, London.
GEOGRAPHICAL "ENIGMA. No. 17. The ancient Greeks and Romans used to say 'Twas where the just and good, when dead, would stay; The first three letters unto you will show A place in Cambridge which lays very low. G. GR1aT, Bayswater. OMEGRAM. No. 18. A kind of swindler twice curtail, The residue will show A quick perception, or acute, In anything to grow. Now change the tail, a kind of fish Your vision then will meet; Another fish you soon will see, If you the change repeat. Now just once mooe the change repeat, A portion you will view; So, hoping you've divined them, for The time I'll say adieu. J. MvYERs, Dalton-in-Furnass. REBUS. No. 19. GEORGE G. CURTAILMENTS. No. 20. To set firmly if you'll curtail, A scheme you'll then have without fail. SIn LAUNCELOT. No. 21. Twice curtail a kind of tree, And an insect you will see. POT HOOK. DECAPITATION. No. 2V. A grave offence I am when whole; But take away my head, And then a word for cause you'll see Before your eyes instead. J. TROWSDALE. TRANSPOSITION. No. 23. A playful animal when young, If rightly you transpose, Wll form a portion of our food, As everyboly kInows. F. T.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 24. ~-- --ý-- ý ý---I ANON. VERBAL CHARADE. No. 25. My first is in walk, but not in run; My next is in play, but not in fun; My third is in bawl, but not in roar; My fourth Is the very same as before; My fifth is in qte, also in.eat; My sixth is in coit,,but nopt in meat ; My last is in sea, but not in main To make this out just puzzle your brain; So, readers of our Y. F. B., I hope that now you'll all agree That if you place those otters right; A Scottish patriot 'twill bring to sight. RoB tRov, Kilbarchan. METAGRAMS. No. 26. My first is always seen at night: Change head,'tis part of a tree ; Change head, a pretty little bird It then will surely be. Now please to change the head once more, A Budget king is this; Now still repeat the change again, For ;i'ence this is said. wis. QU v. MORGAN LA FAY. No. 27. , A kind of, road If you change head, A female's'nanm,yoi'll hiiveinstead; Change'head again, and you ii'scee What you and I and all should be. HI.UBERT.
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, Gc., OF LAST WEEg, 1.-:-Charles Dickens, "Pick. 7.-A nam,. wick Papers." Thus: CaP, 8.-Weasel. Haytl, ArctiC, Ri. LoW, 9.-Nilght-in(n)-galo. Sn-n u I; SceptiC, Du c K, 10.-Armistice. Isli ',CrimeA, KeeP, ErilC, .11.-"Ou Board the Druid." NestoR, Sinews. Thus: Opal, Nelly 2.-Scrape, crape, rape, ape. Budgct, Onzon. Aachor' 3.-Flash, lah, ash. Races, Dog, Thames, 4.-None, one, Hat, Engage, Drought 5.-Clas, lnss, ass. Rice, Upper, India, 6.- S I P Down. I R E 12.-Ant-hem. PEN