Our £:',inds BINSTEAD AND OROYSDILL to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM, No. 1. 'Twas on an extraordinary night We saw an extraordinary sight; Two firsts of tender age Did quarrel and engage In a very extraordinary fight. Our minds were full of next before we saw This breach of both hum'anity and law; But our next was qlite' upset By a sense of keen regret When we saw how these firsts used both paw and claw, Now we partners are extremely third and shy, Bus when one young ruiffian blacked his rival's eye, Each of us (in manner kind) Seized an urchin from behind, And whispered in his hearing organ " Fie I" Then we bought them each a fourth with which to play, Their inclinations bellicose to stay; And having stayed awhile, With a sweet paternal smile On our resp,`ive mouths, we walked away. And here we cease to strike our sounding lyre, Or harp (whichever you may most admire); The echoes of our lay Now slowly die awaLy, Till, fainting in the senses, they expire,. BINSTEAD AND CROYsDILL, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. My first is found in the deep blue sky, In the cuckoo, harsh bird of the spring; In second a covering you may descry; Third a fruit to your vision will brin g; Fourth's an English poet-oh, sweet are his lays I Fifth's a fair place in Ireland's green land; 1 Sixth's a jewel-it shines with bright gleaming rays On a lady's soft, snowy white hand; t Nexts are trees whose tops seem like bristling spears In the light of a swcct sunmmer's day; In eighth a loathsome dlark place there appears; 'And last ends the blithe month of May. B aoowN-EYES. SQUARE WORDS. No. 3. eIt's market day in Ialeford town; What droves of first and cows and sheep, With noisy shouts, are driven down The ancient High-street, quaint and steep !' a The market folk all hurry past; Poor things I I pity them to-day, For snow is falling thick and fast, And when it's fallen melts away. o It's wet and wretched out of doors; e But what of that?' I do not care; For with the Buduct's ample stores Of fun, I've entertainment rardl SAnd second then I need not be, n But for the "Riddle Tournamuent" Some puzzles write. What third for me, d Wjien to the Editor they're sent, If he perchance should deem them fit In puzzle columns to be this I 11 My riddling friends, you will admit That were a pleasure none would miss. LOTTIE 1W., Brighton, OMEGRAM. No. 4. Id To solve me this riddle now please will you try, d For with that intention 'twas made ? 1r We'll start with a bird that inhabits the woods- ir 'Tis in gaudy plumage arrayed. Of that bird now change tail, and then without fail 'Twill show part of both you and me; ie Then be so complaisant as to do it again, Ae And a kind of vessel you'll see; And then for to finish tail alter once more, A conserve 'twill thouen quickly show, ill And one'twill be found which is daily consumed, o° And which ypu have tasted, I know. J. G. L.ABERT. DECAPITATION. . No. 5. in If rapine fell you fear, pray, then Of whole beware; Oh, shun his dark and dreaded den, rs That foe of poultry, mice, and men, 1I To whom compare ik Is far above my feeble pen. In And second you may count. among to An artist's friends- IIis drawing-board's support -nd strong. And here (YouIg !F'lk, don't blame me wrong) ly At present ends es What you per sps have deemed too long. J. CnmALES, Belfast. CHARADE. No. 6. a A 1i' "1 came running out to play, t, ,t itself in the sun's bright ray; ,,ok me time as it ran past to o vwonder what it surely last. mi Now for my whole you please mustlook In the renowned Y. F. B., A' nd through the pages of that book My whole you then will see. T THREE LITTLE KIrrITENS. is: CURTAILMENT. No. 7. My whole you'll see's a bird Whose name, perha.>s, you' ve heard And now, if you'll just out adoLy the tail, I'm sure you'll quickly see What Tor proved he coifid be, When with lIis sword he made his foes to quail.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. rm trampled on by high ald low, . Yet do not grumble, for I know It is my duty to be so. Take out ohe letter, and I'll be What is not of this world-yet see 1 The earth itself seems one to me. Beheaded, o'er theoceau wide Safe in my little bark I glide, Naught earing for the world beside. Now if my last you'll please reverse, You'll find me grown a little worse- An animal that's the pantry curse. Transposed, when Nature does not meet The wants of mankind, I complete Her work with clever counterfeit. BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. PROVERB REBUS. No. 9. ANON. ENIGMA. No. 10. I'm usd 'most everywhere, I ween, By both the rich ant poor; I always am acceptable When want is at the door. I do much good and also harm, According as I'm used; By many I am well laid out, By others I'm abused. From king to peasant I pass down From hand'to hand'each day; For none can do without me,. Let them try as they may. DOLLY, Deptford. DECAPITATION. No. 11. My whole is used for throwing stones, And for supporting injured bones; But if you'll please decapitate, A kind of fish it then will state. ROBsRT WArT, Broughty Ferry. REBUS. No. 12.
PERCY PALTRIDGE, Kenuington. CHARADE. , No. 13. Miy first our cook or servant does For us each passii day; My second's tall and shows itself, Though it be far away. My whole I think that few of us Do care even to touch, And yet I've known folks later on To praise it very much. FAUNA DEY. SQUARE WORDS. No. 14. Drowsily, drowsily humming away, Filling the air with their musio to.day, Are the bees in those blossoms so sweet. Under the wide.spreading boughs of the tree, Harold the haudsome, the careless, the free, And the beautiful fourth are to meet. She is his second; his treasure, his own ; Ah, they must part, and he leaves her alone- Sad, sad was the bitter adieu I He has his fortune to make, and,-you know, To labour and third in the world he must go Ere he marries his last fond and true. Lo'rIE W., Brighton.
ACROSTIC. No. 15., Foundation Word. Murmuring in tldimerry. sunshine As it courses through the dale,t Sparkling clear as any crystal As diverging through the vale.' Cross Words. 'Tis welcome to all when the showers are ended; Its hues and its tints are so wondrously blended. Our these are good unto the very letter' " In fact, I know not where you could finA better. In this, methinks, I have a notion , That you will have a whirling motion. Yourself; if so, 'tis spelt with letter one. I pray that you will please excuse the pun. With this no difficulty's fraught: If 'tis not large, it can be naught. To please you I always endeavour the best, And this will, I'm sure, signify "and the rest." They say it flies-well, that is nothing new; And yours, I vow, will pass as quickly too. G. GRANT, METAGRAMK. No. 16. A plant you'll find my first will be, Which grows in foreign lands; Change head, a vessel often sinks In this, with many hands. A vegetable comes in view, . If you the change repeat, Which, if it is made into soup, Most wholesome is to eat. A term of affirmation see, If you change head again; And now, if you'll change once more, You'll see a grassy plain. W. PFEIFFER, CHARADES. No. 17. Where Daniel lodged for one whole night You'll find my first declare; My second was a coin so bright, But now 'tis very rare. A kingdom small my whole will name, From whence fierce men to England came; Anud Scotland, too, they overran. Pray tell me now-I'm sure you can. DIAcIILON. No. 18. Now, if two hundred you divide, And place a colour by its side, Then to the garden haste away, You'll findmy whole without delay. H. MoLE, Tarset, DECAPITATION. No. 19. I am another word for rank, Used in the sense of station; Yet when I am beheaded, lo I I'm used by every nation. KARDIPSONIA, PUZZLE STANZA. No. 20. Dribs m rihet ittell stens arege, Dan 'sit a hamesluf thigs Enhw redniohl so eno lafyim Alfl ton adn edich nad hifgt. QUEEN M .iB ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Hand, eyes, nose, ear, 9.-Stool, tool. arms. 10.-The lastrose of sumper, 2.- H 11.-Latent, talent, latten. P E N 12.-Civic. C A M E L 13.-Pot, top. Q U E E N I E 14.-Right wrongs no man. O T T E I B U R N 15.-Rose, rouse. WEE K L Y P A R T Y 16.-Paisley, aisle. 3.-A riddle. 17.-Air. 4.-Rain-bow. 18.-Prize Paper. Thus: 5.-Popular, poplar. PomP, Russi A, ImP, 6.-" Uncle Tom's Cabin." ZonE, EmiR. 7.-Gun, gnu. 19.-Market Dray.ton. 8.-Lady.bird. 20.-Level. m,,ini ,m~u ,,,,, , , m m m ,