Our friend HAeieY C0. PRICE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, OME GRAM. No. 1. Walking through a fiGld I spied, G:unbolling by its mothler's ide, A little first; I'sawv it tried' From her watchful gaze to hide. We are happy, blithe, and gay, Merry at our b¢iit'i'bus play Not the chance to joil have tiey Who are next, 'tis sad to say. You know, of opurse, When it is night It's dark, so then we want some light; We're glad of third then, for" 'tis quito A boon to us. Now guess aright. HIAnRr C. PCecs. DIAMIOND PUZZLE. No. . When first you seek, search well in leek, I'or there the letter's fixed; And when 'tis found please look around, You'll surely sap a next. A kind of fruit on paper put, And that will make the third ; Fourth, you'll agree, sails on the sea, As you, no doubt, have heard. In fitlh, I ween, there will be seen A heroine well known; Perhaps you've read that from his bed By powder sixth was blown. Seventh, I know, we all love so, We find them in our B,; And eighth, I wis, this minute is Of precious use to me. Ninth will be seen, I'm sure, in green, And that concludes the rhyme; Without a doubt, you'll make this out In very little time. ALEx. S., Glasgow. DELETION, No, 3, One bright summer's day-'twas in June, too, I'm think. lug- The primal of day was high up in the sky, The fowls in the farmyard stood wikinkg and blinking, The brooks by the long drought wore scorched nearly dry. I took a short ramble, but found it such labour, I gladly availhd myself of a seat; 'Twas offered me by a respectable neighbour, Inside of his garden, a shady retreat. We chatted and smoked for a couple of hours, So neat was the arbour, so sweet the perfume; The subject then turned on his plants and rare flowers, For surely none brighter, I think, could well bloom. Says he, " I've a second on yonder third growing; T"is a funny one, reared by my faithful old last, Who, you know, is my servyiut so truthful and knowing; His service, poor last, is on earth, I fear, past." lie kindly invited my minut inspection ; I complied, and the second so strange did explore. For surely 'twas strange with its limbs in connection; The like I ne'er saw either since or before, Now, I'm sure all you readers so witty and clever To answer this simple deletion will try, And if you don't conquer with earnest endeavour, I'm really unable to toll y6i, sirs, why; For if from first, second, and third you detain Each a letter, then last will as surely remain. J: MYEs, Dalton.in.Furness, METAGIIAMI. No, 4, To find this omt you only need Each time to change the head, And doing which if you give heed, The riddle will be read. The night is first, there's no mistake I The wind is blowing cold; Hear how it makes the window shake I Draw to the fire. But hold! What shall we'do? I'm rather mixedl. Hlow shall we spend the niglit ? Ah, Freddy, there's a clever ne:it I 'The BL'udl! Now we're right. The very book I Cole, lot us read.l Of jolly tales 4ad third; To hold our sided I think we'll need When all of Jack we've hcard. The rascal's at his tricks again, A sure as 'is alive I Hlo's never done.. Is it not pl.tin oomcebody fourth he'll drive ? Andml or of Lilian lot us hear; Thou Kairon wvhen we're done; If stories good are to be fifth, In " Kairou " we have one. But mother's calling, I declare,. 'Tis time to go to bed; I do not like to leave my chair Until the whole I've read. ALEX. S., Glasgow, CIIAdIADE. No. 5. My first I n.,m writinrg, Dear riddlers, to youn; In order to solve it, My firust you imust do. My sr loiod's a shoeltor; Of ,;mLvaLs 'tis naode, And tcr~voellers often Recline 'neath' it$ shadeo. My whole is a virltuo Which few'persons hold. And now, my dear riddlers, My story is told, DOLLY, Deptford. 'I-----------
ENIGMA. No. 6. From twenty.six I have preferred Two letters--only two. Now, out of these pray form a word Which I'll explain to you . I pass by every day, and while My constant course I keep, I look upon both those who smile And those who sadly weep. In this world each succeeding year Produces something strange; Old things die out whilst now appear, But still I never change. Should you reverse my form-why, then I'm neither less nor more ; For I shall be the same again As what I was before. E. T. R., Chester. DELETION. No. 7. Within Canaan's look of historic lore There comes to dur view a name Of one whose wonderful wisdom brought To him both wealth and fame. O'er Salem's fair and fertile land He reigned for years a king. Now if from his name you please delete Two letters, to sight 'twill bring Another, which you, dear riddlers, know. He, too, was famed and wise ; By his statutes just from obscurity He helped Athens' name to rise. BROwN.EYES. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 8. A first who fain would from my primals run, While toiling hard alone on the plantation, Thinks to himself, " The job is easily done, And I'll away to gain a higher station. Soon will finals unto me be known. Though I shall have to swim far down the river, 'Tis naught ! To think of second's swim, I'll own, Would make me in my very shoes to quiver. True, it will third the master. What of that ? For often has he held his sides with laughter Whilst I received a dose of 'nine-tailed cat.' Good luck ! 'Tis fourth that I shall soon be after. Old fifth the Briton said he would soon aid Me, should I wish to perfect my evasion; And he, I know, will keep the vow lie's made Without a lot of parley or persuasion. But should I get a boat and sixth (reversed), I'll quickly leave the region of the last, boys; Then wild behests and primals so accursed Will very soon be reckoned with the past, boys." S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. Beside the fragrant violet I grow; With the primrose blossoms pale ; I gleam through the forest's canopy green, And wave in the gentle gale. Curtail me, a lovely meadow is seen Full of silver-fringed daisies white, Glist'ning all o'er with bright dewdrop gems In the smile of the glad sunlight. BROw-.EYES. CHARADES. No. 10. When hotly pressed, the hunted stag To first is often brought. You'll find my second will appear In work, and word, and thought'. Without my third the fisherman His calling could not ply; And with my whole our soldiers charge, And thousands fall and die. E. T. R., Chester. No. 11. My first describes a dusky night When the pale moon denies her light. My rippling second you can find, If hills and heather you don't mind. My whole has lately been the scene of riot, But now the operatives are all quiet. APE. METAGRAM. No. 12. My first's an animal; please change head, To cut or scrape you'll have instead; Change the head once more for me, A charge or price it then will be; Just once again, and then descry What means to challenge or defy. Accept, dear readers, my thanks to you For your kind patience. So now adieu. FRED. O'GArDY. TRANSPOSITION. No. 13. When autumn comes with fruit so ripe, This one is always seen; Transpose, what in the field they do The word will name, I ween. HENRY WOODGATES, Birmingham. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 1t. If you this diamond wish to trace, For first put down one.tourth ol' race; A female's name my next will be; One for a male in third you'll see. My fourth will name a man so true; A turner's tool in next you'll viewv; This is a fruit which you all knowu; For last put down one.fourth of snow. If you my centrals read aright, A character in " Kairon" comes to sight. ANON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. My first shines bright on a cloudless night; In tile Buduit my second you've read; My third are malt liquors that gives some dolight; You are glad of my laht whenu in hlud. iKA'~T CoN[N,
ENIGMA. No. 16. While I'm your slave or servant, I'm useful you will find; Your food is oft by me prepared, So keep this well in mind. But once I am your master, Tyrannical I'm found; I'll do you then the worst of harm, And terror spread around. In winter I am used much more Than in the summer days, And then you are quite glad to sit Close by my pleasant rays. DOLLY, Deptford. REBUS. No. 17. RuHTRA. METAGRAM. No. 18. Whole, you'll find, I'm a bird of prey; But if you take my head away, And place another on, A word of quite a different kind, A "situation," you will find. So I will end this con. ANON. REVERSION. No. 19. My whole a resinous substance is; Reverse it, now, I ween, A nasty, plaguy kind of beast Then quickly will be seen. ROBERT WATT, PUZZLE STANZA. No. 20. Tromhe nad dilch ni nyusn rouhs, Soyoju saps mors rethi cefeapul moeh, Rabeing 'dmi grafanree so musmre wolfser, Plisme flgst ot eth ads dan olne. THREE LITTLE KITTENS.
GEOGRAPHICAL IEBUb. No. 21. 4k SPERAISYS. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Sun-day. 13.- M 0 0 N 2.-Cleave, cave, save, vase, O U S E lave. OS S A NEAR 3.-Peach, eath. Thus: 14.-Wag, wan, war, was, PsalM, EaglE, AcaciA, , wy CaT, HeatH. 15.-Handel (handle). Thus: 4.-Box. Heart, Antics, North, 5.--Raid, rapid. Darkness, Electric, Love. 6.-- W H IP 16.-Pride, ride, dire. H IVE 17.-Niger, tiger, tier. IVAN 18.- P PENT EEL 7.-Tent, ten, net. A E 1 8.-I-sin-glass. L 9.-Pier, peer. 19.-Misanthropy. 10.-Dog, hog, bog, lohobolog, jog. 2.-Alderney. 21.-Muff.i.n 11.-Test, nest, rest, west, 22.-Draught. 12.-110 ercury, I2.--Lady.bird.