( An frien s MESSRS.WALIKER AND STEWART to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, ENIGMA. N9. 1. I always come when day is dawning, And also when the night has fled; I come to give you timely warning To dress and leave the drowsy bed. Hark I how the cock's loud crowing greets me, And bids the sluggard to arise; See how the lark soars high and meets me, Afar in dim and rosy skies. I come again when ev'ning breezes Must gently fan the heated brow; And when the worn-out farmer leaves his \\ eary work and toilsome plough. 'Tis when the sun is gently sinking, And hides its face behind the west, Before the stars commence their blinking- I come when birds all seek their nest. But when night snreads t-er darksome mantle, 'Tis then I'm hidden from your view : I pass away in windlets gentle, And till the morrow bid adteu MES4IR., WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. ' No. 2. Oross Words. Come, Iudgetfers, both young and old, And gather all around, And try with hearts both brave and bold This riddle to expound. First is the name-the Christian name- Of a man of great renown, Who earnied a great and glorious fame, And died in a French town.. And now pat down another name, In history it is found; For next a vegetable, same In England does abound. For next put down a virtue great, Which we should all possess- 'Tis greater far than wealth or power; This all of you should guess. Now run and fetch your atlases; When you open them, I wean, In the South Pacific Ocean My fifth is surely seen. Now do not put away your maps, As sailers say, "Avast " Find a Prussian river for my sixth; A Russian town for last. Funondation Words. The primals and the finals now, If taken out by you, When placed aright, two well-kliown names Will quickly bring to view. In nearly every Y. F. B 'Their cons. are to be found ; With polished wit and graceful ease Their writings all abound. THE CID, SQUARE WORDS. No. 3 Come, boys and girls, this riddle guess: " My first, please understand, Is part of every good-sized field-- A quantity of land. An article of dress for men In second you will spy; And third is very welcome when The weather has been dry. My last a great volcano is, the largest one, I trow; I may be wrong, but still, I'm sure, 'Tis one all scholars know. FRED TAYLOR, LOGOGRIPHS. Io. 4. A kind of pin, it you'll twice behead, A~vessel you will have instead; Curtail me next, and you will find An animal is brought to mind. POT IIOOKe No. 5. A bird this is; out off its head, 'Twill leave, transposed, a look instead; Reverse this look, there's in its place A kind of walk. you'll soon it trace; This time behead, and now you see A little fish, quite slippery; Behead once more, and backwards read, A French partof speech 'tis indeed. tialonRG G. No. 6. My first, if rightly you trahspo:e, Part of yours If will soon disclose; My next, by transposition's aid, Is ei her stolen, lost, or stry'd: The two combine. then you will own They name an Inglish seaport town. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness, DECAPI¶APTIOlNS. No. 7. I'm made of brick, of wood, of stone; I'm sometimes made to stand alone, Sometime. in rows am seen; Behead me, and behold a river In which the bathers often shiver When winds.blow keen; Behead again, and then you'll see What pen and ink have been to me. W. W. TRiAsuiua, Woodborough. No. 8. Apart, or portion, if you behead, An animal.you'll have instead; Behead again, and you will see I fort a part of the verb to be; Behlead onee' ore, and bring to sight A musical note, if I am right; For the last tiIde decapitate, I'm a voWel fii ~assinate. . " ... .. .. ""J.L.
CUBTA ILMENTS, No &9. Curtail a word that means civil, or kind, And what we all are will be brought to your mind. J. '.Rows ALL. No. 10. A part of the Y. F. W. B. If now curtailed by you, A river which is flowing free Will quickly come to view. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness LOGOGRIPH. No. 11. An ancient city of letters four; Transpose, and add one letter more, And if you happen to do it right, An ancient poet 'twill-bring to sight. STORM FIEND, Belfast. REBUS. No. 12. W. STEPIEN9. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 13. If from a certain kind of tree The centre's taken away, What's perfect, pure, or sacred, then The answer will. display. J. MYExR, Dalton-Ia-Farnesa No. 14. From part of a ship The centre delete, A boy's Christian name You will have complete. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY. REBUS. No. 15.
-, F. W. PETCHELL, ACROSTIO, No. 16. Cross Words. My first a female Christian name Will surely bring to view ; My second's song is sweet and clear, And loved, I think, by you. I wonder how I'll write my next, I'd better leave it so; My fourth is seen in winter time, Upon it you may go. My fifth, I hope, you will not make, Or else you won't be right; An English river large and great Will now be brought to sight. "My seventh's a river larger still, In England also seen; A European country's next, Not governied by a queen. My next is this, you will confess, When yon/the:answer find; My tenth, a useful instrument, Will then be brought to mind. A precious stone for next put down, You ought to know it well ; Our braVe Sir Tor. wasthis, I trow; The answer now pleasertell. Foutndation Wobrds. My whole you all hioild know full well, She is of BRidget fame, Her cons. give all of us delight; Now, riddlers, tell her name. W. A. WILLIaxs, Neath. 'I
REVERSION. No. 17. My whole is a kind of tree; But if you reverse. you'll see An English river 'twill be. J. TROWSDALE, HIDDEN EUROPEAN CITIES. No. 18. If you will scan the verses here inscribed, A simple little tale will be revealed. But that's not all; for in each verse you'll find A European city is concealed. 1. "We'll have a game at hide-and-seek," said Jack. "Two things I tell you all ere we commence : Don't go near Snap, lest he attempts to bite. And do not hide beyond the garden fence." 2." Agreed l" cried all; then off we scampered fast, And Jack came on.his hidden friends to find. As he approached the ancient garden pump, He saw young Amos cowering behind. 3." It rains I" cried Eva. "Then," said I, to Jack, " We'll go indoors, and find another game." "Just so," said he ; " it matters not a whit; Indoors or out, to me, is just the same." 4. Indoors we went. "What shall we play ?" I asked. " Oh, blind-man's-buff, or forfeits,' shouted Ted. Then Master Thorougbgood essayed to speak : "Let's have a game at school, my friends," he said. 5..The school commenced, and Jack (the master) cried : "Attention, scholars I Listen unto me. What city's on the Humber, near its mouth ?" "Iknow," cried one. "'Tis Hull." "That's right," quoth he. E. BAxTER, London. CENTRAL DELETIONS No. 19. The less you've got to do with me Is so much for the better; A wondrous change you soon will see Without my central letter. J. TrOWSDALE. CHARADE. No. 20. The first stood on his vessel's prow, A bold and hardy Viking he; An eagle glance lit up his brow As he look'd o'er the restless sea. And when my second loomed' in sight, Arose a long and mighty cheer: The venturous crew waxed gay and bright As to their island home they steer. My whole, a rugged isle, their home, Storm-beaten by the Baltic's waves; Washed by its leaping, creamy foam, That roars amongst the rocks and caves. JACK-O'-LANTERN. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &a., OF LAST WEEK. i.-Refer. 10.-Lad, Dal. $.-Africa. Thus: A ppleby, l.--Mood, doom. Farewell, Rouen, Iceland, 12.-Montenegro. :CCmsar, Ass. 13.-Seal, sea. 3.-The tongue. 14.-M artyr s, mart, mar, 4.-Schoolmaster. Thus : ma. ShaM, CzarinA. HastingS, 15.-Mother ship-ton: OmeleT, OglEd LodgeR. 16.-Ire-land. 6.-Elf, elm, elk, 17.--Osers, rose is, is sore, 6.-Maxim, maim. 0 rises, 0 sires, so rise, 7.-Meat, eat. roe's is, roses I. 8.-Flash, lash, ash. 18.-Novel. hovel. 9.-The first step over, the 19.-Jane, lane, rest is easy.