Our friend J. CHARLEs to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
One eve, as the sun was declining, A maiden, fair, purple-bedight, Through the woods went it seemed like the shining Of a first through the black clouds of night. But the sunshine that then gleamed around her, So radiant, so purely divine, With its splendour soon ceased to surround her, And departed, no longer to shine. Alas I soon her beauty had faded, That once bloomed so charmingly fair, And the locks, that with jewels were braided, Did soon no such ornaments bear. Ah, bitter to her was life's portion ! In youth, when her yearnings were rife, How the lowering clouds of misfortune O'ershadowed her innocent life I For oh ! by a pathway mistaken, The forest she wandered forlorn, By the darkness at length overtaken- By night that meant death ere the morn. For the sun's gladsome next disappearing, Her steps she had failed to retrace; Nor did whole, with its influence cheering, Appear, the blank darkness to chase. In the forest that fairest of creatures, Half-mangled, next morning was seen By a shepherd; distorted the features That once smiled so sweet and serene. And, regretfully, many, with sorrow, O'er the bier of that maiden did bend, When they thought how misfortune's sharp arrow To her virtuous life put an end. J. CHALELS, Belfast, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. My primals and finals, if read as they stand, Disclose a well-known name in Zululand. Cross Words. There are several sorts of firsts, and our Editor is one- In fact, he is a first-class first (N.B.-Excuse the pun) ; No riddle e'er escapes my second, yet I've ne'er detected A single bad one on the page, they are so well selected. And when he sees some one has tried, but still a queer one sent, Though, of course, he'll fifth the puzzle from the "Riddle Tournament," Yet he will not third the sender, or treat him with disdain, B at tellhim kindly where he's wrong, that he may try again. So if you wish to fourth your contribution's publication, Keep trying, and you'll meet with editorial approbation; Study the riddle page, and read, mark, learn, and well digest Some of BINSTEAD AND CROYsDILL's, which are, I think, the best. And as a sixth, I'd better say, in case of a mistake, My seventh's once a year, and eighth's a large Canadian lake. A. MULLonR, ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 3. My puzzling powers-slight, I do confess- In your behalf I now am well exerting, And if you try this X of mine to guess, I prophecy an hour 'twill be diverting- That is, of course, if you the trouble take To find the X aright, without mistake. So now, in haste the puzzle to begin, With first, of course, we now will make beginning, Which first, I vow, is purely void of sin, Displayed in little children's ways so winning; Though first is pure (now for a joke look out), True, second is more pure, without a doubt. Unanimated, dead, third doth proclaim, But with a change of centre, sound sufficient; In fourth behold for man a Christian name, To find which you, of course, are quite efficient; Then for the centre letter look in prize- In paper you its form may view likewise. A curse is sixth, I pray you're from it free, And free from it will ever be remaining; A bird my seventh now must plainly be; 'Tis black, a hint I hope you're not disdaining ; 'Tis aye unwise in eighth to be you'll own, Which means behind to be when right put down. I'm fast approaching now unto the end : 'Twants but one cross word more the X to finish, Which will a Scottish county name. My friend, Flag not, nor let your patience yet diminish, But pay attention to the verse below- What forms the outlines of the X 'twill show. Read downwards from the left 'twill show a town, A county too, which canny Scotland graces; An English town of very great renown, Read upwards from the left, as surely traces. So ends the X; now, riddlers, try your wit, I make my bow, and likewise my exit. J. MvYEsS, Dalton.in.Furness. LOGOGRIPH. No. 4. Like Venus, I am ocean born, And many a lovely face adorn; Behead me, and I take my stand Among the nobles of the land; Cut off my tail, I'm on your board When it with wine and fruits is stored; Cut off my tail again, and me At dinner on your sideboard see; Cut off both head and tail, behold! A place upon your head I hold. J, . IH. ENIGMA. No. 5. A luscious fruit, fit banquet for a king, Upon the polished table crowned, I stand, Diffusing fragrance as the silver knife Lees out my life's blood 'neath the hostess' hand. A tree all sombre, sable.leaved and dark, Yet we with it romance associate; The thing that friends and lovers often do When separated by the hand of fate. W. KEA.NEY, Bootle.
CHARADE. No. 6. Upon a sultry summer's day, My first you oft were, I daresay; A cave found in the forest green Will give my last to you, I ween. Now, if the two you write correct, A well-known poet you'll detect. P. N. GArmrY, Dublin. MONOPHONE. No. 7. Our gracious Queen, with stately mien, Does first with gentle power; And next in moderation seen, Will haste to ope the flower, The last is used by those who ride About to various places. You can the answer now decide By very patent traces. H. L. CLEERE. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS, No. 8. '"S I .LIAl W. H. BIRD, Holloway. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 9. In whole you'll see a noble tree That grows in foreign lands; And to give you another clue, It is part of your hands. Transpose with slill, and then you will My second bring to view; 'Tis used at night to give us light. And now, dear friends, adieu. C. BARKER, Ramsgate. No. 10. My first's a fruit that's liked by all; Transpose, and you will see A seed; 'tis ate by birdies small, But not by you or me. ETTA AND EnDIxs. ENIGMA. No. 11. I am formed like the globe, And I am placed in its centre ; I command every tongue, Every mouth I will enter; I am always in fashion, The first to be odd; (depart not from home, Yet I wander abroad. DAISY.
JlSY. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12. - ¾ - SPERATUS. MlETAGRIAMI. No. 13. A storm is raging fiercely on Cornwall's rocky shore, The waves without cessation keep up one continuous roar, And there upon the beach, her blue eyes shielded by her hands, Gazing across the ocean first, a gentle maiden stands. In second does she watch for him who left his heart at home, With hopes to third a fortune, on a distant shore to foam. Never again will he return to see his native land, To clasp the maiden to his breast, to claim her heart and hand. For what is that that causes her to turn and give a start P It is a sight which sends a sickening fourth into her heart. There, washed up by the tide, she sees her lover's well. known form. His glassy eyes turned towards the skies, a victim to the storm. I fifth would draw the curtain, hut the end is not yet told: The broken-hearted maiden now is lying stiff and cold. A simple stone denotes the spot benoath the willow tree Where the unhappy pair are sixth in peaceful unity. ALIcE ]MULLORD.
CHARADE. No. 14. Said Harry C. Price, " Let's write a con. nice And send to our own Young Folks dear. Then said Tom, with a laugh, "Come, now, chaff, now, o0 Od But tell me what con. you have here." "Oh, well, now, Tom Kitchner, you want to know w Let's say it shall be a charade n hich~:, And let's have no fun in, not even a pun in, Or perhaps our dear Ed. will be hard." When the dark mantle of first is withdrawn How calm and serene is the sight I The modest bluebells seem to welcome the dawn And the cows kick about with delight. When old Sol rises and smiles on the earth, The flowers shed their fragrance around, Which shows that another sweet day's given birth And with sweet dewdrops studded the ground. The streamlet's sweet murmurings float on the air, The birds carol forth with delight. Oh, everything's charming and free from all care; What a shame that the dogs even fight! Light breezes float on the soft balmy morn, The sun gives forth genuine smiles, The wind whispers gently through ripe, swaying corn, And removes from our roof a few tiles. On the sea the bright sunbeams do merrily play, The white cloudlet on gently rolls, And mingles with others it meets on its way, And the blackbeetles make for their holes. But when nature's aspects look sombre and drear, And o'erhead the clouds gather fast; It tells that a terrible thunderstorm's near, Oh, pity umbrella's in last ' And now the dark shadows which tell of the night Creep onward and banish all smiles; They are stayed by the silver of Luna's sweet light, And we hear from the cats on the tiles. 'Tis then that the sound of my whole's sparkling notes Are heard second glades of the woods; How sweetly the song on the balmy air floats! Wouldn't puss end that song if she could ! MESSRS. PRICE AND RITCian, MONOPHONE. No. 15. I grace the charger's arching neck, He tosses me unto the wind, And, as be gallops, out I stream, A gaily-fluttering flag, behind. A thousand vessels o'er me sweep, White sails adorn my azure robe, And bear love's treasures even to Far.distant portions of the globe. And as with wealth, the miser's store, Swift o'er my bosom flies the ship, Ha ! ha 'tis then that I delight To seize it in my dreaded grip. And often too, with untold joy, I rob the spoiler of his gold, And bear it off triumphantly To store it in my caverns cold. Yet oft into my secret depths Vain mortals venture, and by stealth They enter where my treasures lie, And carry off my hoarded wealth. But then my soldiers watchful are, And oft surprise them-nothing new, But as this puzzles clear, I'll say To it and to my friends adieu. J. CHAnsLE, Belfast, ENIGMA. No. 16. I'm the delight of children young, Who throw me in tho anr, And dance about, and ship, and run, Whilst I myself may tear. TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. Now, riddler keen, a character ina "Kairon" please traus. pose, If done correctly, you will find it instantly then shows Of Spain a river great and wide, which through the north east flows. W. PFEIFFER, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. First means from slumber to awake; Now from this word the centre take, And when the residue is seen, Of flowers you'll say it is the queen. C. BARKER, Rinamste. SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. One side of a leaf from a book very rare; What prevails where miasma suffuses the air; A sea.bird that far on the ocean does fly; We're born in the mud, but our bourne is DPoe,1 No. 20. First is one of the names that to females belong; My second you do when you're hurt by a fall; My third adorns ships, and is lofty and stron; And my last are small insects--they're known tohy `! KATIE COIN, Pavilion Thetre.