uie friend F. W. PETCHELL to-day takes the lead in ihe RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADES. No 1. Er. .Roft breeze- thro rh my branches sigh On airy wvines towards the sky, I ach taearing. as It wandereth. The hawthorn's fragrancs-Anmmer's breath; And as each opening rose they fun. That bloms unseen unto o ed by man, As every blossom wild and rare. They wave and beed amid Th , air, They seem to mar onr o'er th p an: "Our mistress, Summer, smitle ag tiL." SKYLARK. From the faie. sky, wh se first, I know, Is mliror'd in the lake 'Plow, The fleecy sheep by yonder stream Like wh te. nantail it d snowflake seem. Far, far beneath my earia' flig it ,le valley, st.re inm. and brook !et biright In sunshine and in shade. How fair 1 And aaughebut Rea tv's smiling tere J 1 ill on some roving zeph r'r breast I s:nk again to mate aud nest. Z, PavR. Amonr the ivv on the porch Of the old ruin'd village chroch. Around the tow'r where ' ext is hung, And all th sOatr.ter'd tombs am ,ng, Around the turning. thirnI and stone, That rremhle as my sighing moan, I rustle with a fretful trine. LAnYBInD This morning in the mountain shade, A first, next, bow'd its nazr. he-id, While near ,,prose a foxglove rare, That proudly eigh'd, no I the air: " Why am I laced to bloom alone, Wits, humble flowers round it, strewn, That dare not gaze upon my throue; That cower 'neath the sanny ray, And bend before t' e beaming day, To· mean, too lowly thus to raise Their heads to meet the morning's gaze ?" Pcnrce had the tall. third flower reased, When from rhe bright' v.low ne east A light. w-nd first. The fox:love proud Befre the wand ring zephyr Low'd, And from ts crimson seen ds fell Its morn ne monitlure on the dell. I saw the sun eleam in the sky ; I saw the foxulove fade and die. While near It the first second fa'r B ton'd. sh.Plded from the noontfide glare By the s ime drops of dew that fell From the Ist foxglove in the dolll No longer may I with voe stay In lest-street I the tale must tell. F. W. PIETOELI No. 2. When storms arise, when wi"ds blow strong, A nt waves run mountains high, A R;nd shin oft, hecomes my first When help is nowhere nigh. For second. please, a prc.'ix take Conrainie 'et ers tro; I really know no other way Of giving you a clue. When sumomer comes, and we once more To country Ian s repair, With sweet perfume of third the air Is laden everywhere. Dear friends, as you progress through life, Fold to this maxim fa-t: - Ohoose for your frie-nds the good alone, All bad companions last. When all your tasks whate'er they be, Are. nded for the day, Exchnnge yumr books for ba's and balls, Exehange your work for play. Or those of older growth, perhaps, May t-ike a q iiet stroll But whether 'tis t - walk or play, 'Twill surely be my whole. V. R. CARLOS, No. 3. My first in pomp and splendour you may see, Far better off. I wee*. than you or me. Whose dult 'tis to win the nation's fame : And may each reader of the Y..F. do the same, On a sunny bank my second may be spied Watching. with eve Intent, the glassy tide Of a small streamlet that runs b-bl-ting by, Eager to catch his active, finny prey. My who e I saw, one lovely summer's day, Flitine through the air with plimage gay, Trilling a song of e'onqence and love, Which echoed in the azure sky above DOLLY, Deptford. ENIGMA, No. 4. By oblivion's tlnomv aid You may stoop, and that to find, Ere the costlv orlze you've made, I hare nimbly leapt behind; Turning round, von find I'm gone- Gon-. completely from your view I Paving-sones you gaze upon, Brooding what you'd better do. "We'l," you thi:ik. " 'll onward go." Which you do, with measured tread; Pass a glaring shop. when.lo I I Pal dancing round yonr h !ad. Then, desceneing on your face, Play " Old Harry" with you there Il Whence I float away to space, Dying on the cold night air. I'm as bro-id as I am long, Yet .'m neith r thick nor thin; Neither am I very strong. Treachery will dwell herein. I perchance a'-, with you now, Ro my meaning please undo; 'Tis a puzzle, I'll allow, Hop.ng it will puzzle you. J. G. LMxsDnt
DECAPITATION . No. 5. When whole, it is clear I'm part of the ear. A musical instrunmct, too; 1 eprive me of held, And then. in my stead, A spi it you quickly wal view. FRED TAYLOR. No. 6. A piece of furniture Beheaded by you, Part of your head Will come to viw; Behead once morre, You then will see That you can never Live without me. QUEEN MC( RnAN LA FIY. GEB 1RA1'IICAL IIEBUS. So. 7. ANON. cUI"'IAILMENT. TNo. 8. My whole a flower will appear, Which grows :n m adow green ; And in the simmner time of year My form is a:ways seen. And if you will take off my tail, Now this, I say, 'tis tre. A kind of platform, without fail, W\\ill come at once to view. J. \W CAD I.K. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 9. F rndation Wor's. If primals and finals are read doi n by you, an authloress qickly wid come to 3 our view. (ross Words. For first write down what ships all do; This mon ter fierce is, I'wv no doubt; A town in Scotland is my third ; And for last a SwL dish toy, n find out. SILYnEsPEAR.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. 5 --Jr -AI ACROS. LoTICon. No. 11. Cross Words. T:I din of war may wake our fear If in its midst we've some one de tr; Lt this sounds welcome to the ear- Yes, very. I ve plucked this from its loneli bed, And Ifom the stem on which it fed, O'cr which the sun has ofttimes shed Its glory. Ind this oft decks the cottage n all, It seems to tower over all; The same may deck a stately hall Or palace. I love to re' each maiden fair, With sparkling eye and g Iden hair, Be this, for which some one may 1 car Hecr malice. Our Ed. can tell at a glance If this poor rhyme will have a chance ; When read, it may be this, perchance, In the waste P. B. Ere c'ose of this, the sun is seen To shed its dapple hnues of sheen, Till darksome night does from us screen Its beaul.y. Founrlation Word. rrimals ream, we must confess, What old l';igland does pos-ess 'ay bod for ever aid and bless tim in his duty,
LOGOGRIPIIS. 5,. 12. A kind of eonveyance curtailed and tran-pos d, A part of the bodtly will be disclosed ; This also curtal ed and transposed aright, Will bring a parent s naime to sight. ALLAN-A-DALE. No 13. A critical time now' twice behead, You will not fail to see A r.ver which through England flows '1 he residue wi 1 be; The river now, please, cat In two, Each half will 4e the esauo-adieu. J. MaEtss, Dalton-in-Furness MET&GRAMS. No. 14. A kind of plint now guess aright, Its fruit is black, I weon; Please change its lead, another plant Will surely then be seen. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY. No. 15. An act of cl'mency my first, Soot, tim . exttnded to 'to worst; Behead me. anud thenu I pear Somet',lng to sp srting men must dear; Ag.in behead, and, wondrous thing, I'm next in valte to a kng. I G. G BiAMTON, Ber:nondsey. No. 16. To become insolvent if you change head, What's usedI in cricket ) otll hate instead; Change ag in, and then, I crow, Armour or network this will show; Still repeat the same. and you A meoasure sow will bring to view; Once nmore, and if aright, I ween, A wooden Lssel can be seen. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. No. 17. Whole Is an animal, I ween, Ch rnge head, another will be seen; Now chan,;e again, you 11 hbale nitead Wht's often sce:i upon the head. Ch nge head again, I'll gn rantee Wiat is revers.. of thin )ou'll see: IRepe the change, anld youl wil view What all at every meal-time do. POr r TAYLOR. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.- Camp-hell. 11.- Fowl, wolf. 2.-I apes, roes. 12.-Nigger, ginger. 3 - Float, flat. 13.-Keats, skate, steak. 4.- Dread. brad. 14.--Cataract. 5.-Be timely wise rather 15.- Joe Sedley. Thus : John, than wise in time. Orange, Emerald, Seal, 6.- \Wa:ld, band, land, f::n'd, Eag.e, Duty, Lake, Ermin;e, sand. Yew. 7.--C ne, pane, lane. 16 -Sun, moon, star, comet, 8.-Heed. weed. 17.--Part, trap. 9.--Road, t ail, load. 18.-C.rlo, Carl. 10.--.lack \\.tch. Thus : '.--Six, sir si, sit, sip. Bire 1, IlaC, AlerT, Cali- 20.--Gold, old. forniA, KilloW.