Our friends BINBTEAD ArNlD (ROYsDILL to.day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, ENIGMA. No. 1. Said Binstead unto Croysdill, "What shall we write so. day ?" Said Croysdill unto Binstead, " I'm dashed if I ea~. say l" Said Binstead, " Well, our riddles must really npever lag, And, though of standard merit, must ne'er be klown to jiag." When Croysdill heard that vile pun, h, smiled a sickly smile, Then knit his brows, and after he'd thought a little while, Looked up, and said, "My partner, just listen unto me, And see if you can answer what I shall ask of thee. " You tread me down beneath your cruel feet into the dirt, Ioft squeak out in pain, but you care not for my hurt; And then, ignoring calmly my former pain and griet, You eat me for your dinner, oft just before your beef !" Then Binstead, after thinking and scratches of the head, Unto his riddling partner one word (the answer) said; And then to send it for you the riddlers did agree, And here it is; so tell us, what may the answer be P BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. Short the months, and short the summer, Autumn days have fled, you know; But we'll try and still be merry In this time of cold and snow. Gross Words. All down the street this makes its way, Causing the folks to shiver; And second will elect to stay On every lake and river. This is a river made renowned By Stanley in his travels. This will give forth a wondrous sound A marvel it unravels. When Christmas comes to cheer us all, These deck the walls so brightly. The sound of this oa us will fall When the bells are pealing lightly. FANli T. MAuRIO, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 8. Centrals down and across, if read aright, Will bring a riddler fair to sight, Whose graceful rhymes are excellent. Long may she grace our "Tournament." For first put down one.third of bee; Part of the body next you'll see; My third a multitude will tell; Oh, fourth so fair, I love you well I Your sweet perfume and colours gay Make you more precious every day; For next put down a riddler fair; My sixth's a virtue rather rare- I hope it is possessed by me And all who read the Y. F. B.; Next, a girl's Christian name will be; In eighth a beverage you'll see; For last put down one-third of sky. And now, dear friends, I'll say good.bye. QUEENIE. .CHARADE. No. 4. 'Twas on a sweet May day, All nature seemed alive, When in my jaunting first so gay Dear Kate and I'd a drive; We passed my second's bank so green- I called her there my pretty queen. We halted at The Sharks, Near to the Woodman's Ferry, Where meeting with some lively sparks We soon were happy-very I Alas I alas I! unhappy goal I We sang ourselves into a whole I MoNAs.Rost. MONOPHONE. No. 5. Perhaps you can afford me a little of your time, Just a little, while I say-for 'tis such easy rhyme- Each line I give containis a word; though different they spell, They're each pronounced and sound alike-that's what I wish to tell. My first "to ponder in the mind" does mean; My second, a path, will next be seen; Third's made from milk; it fobms a nice repast; And fourth's a measure. Farewell-'tis my last. C. . Gonauwi, DECAPITATION. No. 6. Whole, I'm set on articles " When to be bought or sold; But just oblige and cut off head, A food you will behold. Now just repeat, and then, I ween (Now keep this in your mind), Something'that in the winter's seen I think you'll surely find. DOLLY, Deptford, TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. A word which meaneth fresh or new, If you will please transpose, The middle point of anything I think it will disclose. J. O'BnuI~. HIDDEN NAME. No. 8.' Hoist the.Union Jack, lads, And give a cheer all round I Hoist the British flag, lads, To NewZealand we are boundl Riddler, search this verse with care, A setatepman'n name is hidden there, WALTs, B~radford.
ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE, No. 9. Foundation Word. Come, try and find out this aorostical X* I think that your wits it will not much perplex. The centrals read downwards, and, if done aright, A mountain of Wales will be brought into sight. Gross Words. My first, dear riddlers, means to mete; My next's a juice that's very sweet; In third an animal you'll scan- A faithful follower of man; A letter of the alphabet Is fourth. You'll find it in flow'ret; My fifth's a Christian female's name, So do ypur best and find the same; An idler or a lazy bee Is sixth; and last's a narrow sea. T. DicKsoN, Cookslown. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 10. Now, solvers all, attention pay; To puzzle you I'll strive to day, Though if you try, without a doubt, The answer you will soon find out. The other night I lay in bed A.thinking of the tales I'd read, Of valour, mirth, and mystery, That evening in our Young Folk's B, As thus I lay, just half awake, I heard a first, which made me quake. But courage soon I did regain, For deeds of valour filled my brain. So quickly from the bed I sprung, And violently the night.bell rung, Fetched down at once my oaken stick- Which, by the way, was short and thick- Sprang to the door and ope'd it wide, When, to my horror, just outside, There stood a man full six foot three, Who made a movement towards me. But, quick as thought, I raised my club, And struck him- Where ? Ay, that's the rub. Well, where I struck him you'llperceive When from my first you centre cleave. Just then the moon sent forth her rays And showed to my astonished gaze A member of our police force I Said he, his voice with rage being hoarse, " Young man, remember, to your grief, You've struck a sergeant, not a thief; And, by my word, to gaol you'll go For leaving ope' your door below." With that he left me, full of sorrow, To ponder on my fate the morrow. FaED. O'GEADn. OMEGRAM. No. 11. I saw a fight the other day. How shocking I Two men each other's head were wildly knocking, When one exclaimed, as it of pain debarred, "Oh, there's a whopper for bis first so hard I" Some persons, when a friend they chance to meet, Will pledge each other's health in something neat ; While some will pass a friend, if poor he's reckoncl, And with his head just give a gentle second. When mother bids young Tommy swiftly go And do some task, quite trivial, I trow, He gets into a passion, so absurd. It's all because he will not do it third. The other day I asked a simple maid To let me kiss her, and not be afraid. She blushed, and shyly turned away her head, "Oh, go away 1 I'd rather fourth," she said. My fifth and last, when clearly brought to mind, A particle that's negative you'll find ; So, having nothing more of use to say, I'll drop my pen, and bid each one good.day. H.H. ADAMs. ENIGMA. No. 12, I am sold as a toy; I am hollow and soft, Very solid and hard, in the air very oft; Though I never insult or indulge in a frown, Yet l'm kicked, and with very great violence thrown down. When a battle is fought, I am there, and achieve More sad havoc than p'r'aps you will care to believe; Entertaining besides, I am given by night; I am, furthermore, part of man's organ of sight; As a sign, too, o'er shops you may also me spy. Any time in the streets as you go idling by. GEORGE G. ACROSTICAL PYRAMID. No. 18. My first is found.in either hound or hare; For second please put down a wild beast's lair; A rich material in my third is seen, In royal palaces 'tis used, I ween; If for a specimen of.fourth you seek, In fifth you'll it discover, so to 'speak, A wretch who, busiest most when doing harm, Aided old Zelubas' mysterious charm Then did he try bold Kairon to subdue; w Alas I that act he never lived to rue. My last, dear riddling friends, without a boast, Is what at Christmas.time is welcome most. Now read the centrals " if divined aright, A Budget heroine they bring to sight. J. CHARLEs, Belfast, LOGOGRIPH. No. 14. A,girl's Christian name my firsttwill be; But if you'll please transpose, The sweetest month of all the year It surely will disclose; And.now if you'll please turn me round, A vegetable will be found. W. TUnWEY. DECAPITATION. No. 15. What means to grow better please behead, Then what means to repair you'll have instead; Behead a;ain, and you will find What means to flnish'twill bring to mind. O. JAMEs, Newry.
LOGOGRIPIP, No. 16. My first is pleasant to the eye and lusoious to the taste; Behead me, then I mean a seed-but pass from this with haste ; Again behead, now to your view a monkey does appear; A vegetable next I am, if you transpose with care; Now add a letter to my tail, a fruit you're sure to see; Then add a letter to my first, I'm used in chivalry. I might go on a good deal more, but sufflice it to say I've done my best-can I do more ? So to you all, good day. WILFRED WILLOUGHBY. CHARADE. No. 17. My first is a measure of length; My second is used in my whole; My whole is a game in which strength Is useful in reaching the goal. APE. REBUS. No. 18. Amon.
REVERSION. No. 19. List, puzzlers 'cute, behold how wondrous strange I A great result from quite a simple ehange. I write a person's name, whose word we value naught, Reversion then reveals that this we surely ought Against his vicious practice-else what are we to do When even he is telling us of something really true ? WAL KIMPTON. METAGRAM. No. 20. My firstimplies a prickly plant, and also means to sting; My second, though both deaf and dumb, is often said to sing; My third is courage; and in fourth you'll find a bench or seat; So change the head of the prickly plant, and the process twice repeat. W. EDio0NDSon SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. My first a sheet of water is, I ween; My second a sea in Asia will be seen; My third a heathen goddess, fierce'and fell; My fourth a part of ancient Greece will tell. F. WILKINS. REBUb. No. 22, 9-i R. H. C. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-English Channel. Thus: 13.-Rocket, pocket. ElectriC, NortH, GorillA, 14.-Coble, cole. LatiN, IroN, SolE, HeeL. 15.- G 2.-Present. T 0 M 3.- ELM REVEL LEA GOVI NDA MAN DEN-SE 4.-A sunbeam. A ,Z' 5.-Brighton, Paris, Wind. A sor, Berlin, Rome, London. 16.-A.bun.dance. 6.-Pirate, irate, rate, ate, 17.-A fool speaks well at 7.-Lottie 'W., F. Taylor. times. Thus: LoaF, OaT, TeA, 18.-Rood, door. TrY, IdoL, EchO, WateR. 19.- M A S K 8.-Pine.apple. A C II E 9.-Science. S HO E 10.-T. L. lIemnery, H EE P , 11.-Wolf, flow. 20.-Catch your hare before 12.-Ruff, rough, you cook it. / . 21.- Should calumny with tongue of asp False crimes to thee impute, Be this thy coufort-thatthewiasp Attacks the fairest firuit.,