Our friend, ANNIE STANTON, to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNA MENT. CHAR ADE. No. 1. My first it is useful, at least may be said, Though its usage is far from polite, For it's kicked, thrashed, and pounded all hours of the day; But, alas! who can -ay'tis not right ? My second's a lock (not one used for a door), For it always contrives to be head; It is golden or brown, 'tis plenteous or poor, It is dark, it is fair, it is red ! My whole, when the dark shades of evening prevail, We may rest on and seek for repose : But I fear I may blunder, and tell the whole tale, bo I'll bring umy charade to a close. ANNIE Srit '!. ACIU)STIC. Ni. 2. F,;slsdali,,se Words. Across the fields I t:.ke my way, One morning in the moo th of May, py heart is light, uly spirits gay, With primals I am blest. The grass is first beneath my feet, And joySls o.ithlerd songsters greet T'he ncw-bol Ii day with carols sweet, As next they gaily suer. The rising sun sheds warmth around, And o'er my path the latubkins bou:d; Bell ath a neot, upon the ground, I throw ms self to reat, But see I a change comes o'er the scene, The clouds are f)ourth that bright had beenr; A stLorml's alIroeachig f st, I wecn; To cht lter I must lifih. A humble cot I chanlce to spy, As down the rlad I cast my eye; With one more glance towards the l:\ To nest it 1 essay. But hardly h ive I gained the dour. rlir lightning's flash nud then, cr' : Combi, ed u itI l rin s incessan poI . Cause uto to nexIlt my etiC d. I touch the cighth, and enter there; lies de thce indthw, on a chair, By e c.s behold a maiden fair; A ninth lies at lh(r feet. I from the window watch the storm, Till sun appears again to warm The earth, and Nature to reform, Then last I quickly speed. E. BAXTER. M ETAGR AM. A carpenter's tool please change the head, A well-hlnowr river you'll see instead; Pleatse clhanrge again, and you wil, see A measure of pgrund it th n will be ; Now chance again I know I'm right, A kind of heap will come to sight. QUEEN Alt ROAN LA FAY, Di)I'A'ITA'1'TIO.S No. 4. If you a boy's name will behena, An ugly mark is left. instead; Behead g.ain, and then. I trow, A kind of carriage it will show. W. A. \VILLIAMS, Neath. No. i., A town in Italy twice b, head, A town in France you have instead; Again behead, and then, I ween, What's found in winter will be seen. J. TROWSOALE. PALIN DROMl. No 6. Good evening, friends. How do you do ? I'm glad to see you all, As I've got something hero to-night To ple.:e both large and small. So please plt down your principle, Or sentiment will do, As both have got one meaning, as.d I think they'll both please you. Now, when you've chosen which you'll have, -My wlhole then please find out, Andi when you've got it. stick to it, And mind what you're about. You can handle me is hich way you choose, And wl.en I'm brought to view You'll say i'm either way the same, As I've before told you. So now I think it's getting late, I'll bid you allgoid night; But please give me the answer to This palindrome-puz. tight. But if you cannot, then I say, Why, all you've got to do- Look in the" Tournament" next week And there 'twill be on view. MESRs. WAI.KER AND OTEWART, AStley Green. LOGOGRIPH. \5o. 7. My whole I'm sure you ne'er have seen, But oft have heard of it, I ween ; Behead, trarspose. and you'll agree That you have often eaten m e; Again transpose, if done aright, A comrade it will bring to right. Curtail, and then yur eyes , ill meet What we oft use too wipe our feet. Now change the head. and it will show An animal that you must know; Again change head, and you will-then View an article much used by men, And boys as well, when seeking-fun; But now, adieu l-my riddle's done. J. TROWSDALE.
METAGRAM. No. 8. When found, I mean a want of rain; But change the head aright, The answer you'll not seek in vain, Forsoon 'tise brought to sight. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. No. 9. Whole, I am an animal ; but change my head, And another animal you'll have instead; Change head again, and you surely will see That an article of furn ture now I will be; Once more a new head rightly fixed on by you, What everyone wears will bring surely to view. PRINCE ZAIMBINE, Everton, No. 10. An Irish town if you change head, A dinner utensil leaves instead; Change head again, and then to you An English town will conme to view. S. FRANKtLIN, Manchester. PROVERB REIBUS. No. 12. Reverse my first, then naughty boys My use right well do know; My last's an English town ; and whole She same to you will show. J. MYER, Dalton-in-Furn. ess. \No 13. What means to vex if you'll behead, A name for rest you'll have in-tead; The self-ast's word behead and trwnspose, A vast body of water it will disclose. T. C, Dalton-inCK, Burton TRANSPOSITION. io. 14. A kind of fish transposed aright, A small black fruit will bring to sight. QUELN MORGAN LA FAY.
PROVERB IREBUS. Ro. 15. 0 P/11 E. BAXTER, HIDDEN FRUIT. No. 16 In the summer's evening long, When the zephyr low is heard, Sweet enough for angels' song Are thy notes, thou glorious bird I But why do the woods resound With thy mournful song of woe P Prithee, shape a cheerful sound, For my heart is sad and low. Dost thou feel ateventime Lonely in thy darken'd nest ? If so thou'rt like me; for I'm Oft by mournful thoughts opprest, Has a gay note never graced The sweet songs which thou hast sung ? Has grim Woe for ever placed Sorrow's emblem on thy tongue ? If not, then from some gay bird Some more merry carol borrow; Let no more thy song be heard Raising tones of tearful sorrow. F. W. BI STE. ,. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. A frugal person, when complete; But centre take away, Where cattle meet their food to eat 'Twill unto you display. J. MYs1Rs, Dalton-in-Furness.
OMEGRAM. No. 18. One winter night, a friend and I Were walking out, when in the sky We saw a first of fire. My friend said, ' Surely, something's wrong 1" And as we faster went along We saw it next up higher, And soon the cry of " Fire I" caught, And on the strong west wind was brought A next of fire flying. Arriving in the town, we found A hquse on fire, whilst people round To stay the next were trying. The house was in a fearful state ; Help there was plenty but too late, The whole west next was burning; When, horror-struck. there rose a cry, "A child up in yon window high I" All eyes to it upturning; A ladder soon on high was raised, A volunteer (his name be praised) Amidst the smoke ,scended; The fainting child once in his arms, The burning ladder gave alarms, He in hot haste descended. He passed the burning ordeal well, But on the ground he fainting fell, Quite by the smoke o'erpowered. A last of brandy soon arrived, A drop from which his strength revived; On him then thanks were showered. Now, if these hidden words you'd view, Iray give attention to the clue Which I below am placing; Two letters of each tail please change, Then, if the words you rightly range, The answer you'll be tracing. J. MYEnS, Dalton-in-Furness, SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. In gardens bright and bowers fair My first doth reign the queen, Or nestling in some maiden's hair May frequently be seen. "See, nd one more I" is the drunkard's cry As the fiery cup he drains. For my black third when autumn's nigh Search in the fields and lanes. The flow'ry bank of a little creek Two lovers s:unter past, Their happiness is found-they speak The language of my last. LOTTIE W., Brighton, ANAGRAM. No. 20. Ismuc thah hmoras ot thosom hte tahp so fell, Ot rtua uro bsuetoht rofm arehlty ecra nad teisfr; Ot llul eth awrey dan hte ikcs ot etre, Nad ot lthdieg adn thosoe het asvgea ratbes. ANNIE BAYLEY. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. .--Hair-pin. 17.-Drainage. .-Hercules. Thus: Hector, 18.- W Euclid, Rome, Centaur, T A Y Ulysses, Lysander, Ely- B A K E R slum, Semiram s. S T E Ei P L E 3.--Deal, Ryde, Knutsford, WA K E F I E L D Ayr. Longford. OLAIM E D 4.-Metagram, Margate. T E il T H 5.- Draw, ward, raw. E L K 6.--Ulster, lustre, rustle, D result. 19.- L 7.-Head, bead, mead, lead, L A D read LANCE 8 -Brother, broth. L A N T E R N 9.-Eye. DRE S S 10.-Note, Eton. E RE 11.--Cowslips. Thus : Cream, N Orange, Wolves, Silver- 20.-Climax. locks, L'lac, Idle, Palin- 21.-Loose, lose. dromes, Sapphire. 22.-Glover. glove, (h)er, 12.- IR 0 N lover, love, over. ROPE 23.-Chair, hair, air. 0 P A L 24.-Rage, age. NELL 25.-Gail'. Thus : Goose, 13.- R A G H Altar (halter), Inkermann, A P E X Link, Yawn. GENI 26.- TOWER EXIT OCOHRE 14.-Boar-hunting. W H 0 0 P 15.-Reed, reef, reel, reek. E R 0 D E 16.-Nap, gap, pap, tap. R E P E L