Our friend T. DRI.AE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words A hero bold, of great renown, Whose deeds have won great fame ; Read the primals rightly down, They will reveal his name. A heroine, both good and brave, The finals bring to view; She is a favourite of mine, And I know she's liked by you. Cross Words. This is a useful artiole, But its name I dare not utter; Although, to give a clue, I'll say It's a substitute for butter. Next is a word of letters six, Now guess it right, I pray; I must not let the secret out, But it means to draw away. Almost finished, dear young friends, I've very little more; Puit this, perhaps, you may have seen Upon the seaside shore. Riddlers this is known to you, And i've not the slightest doubt But that you'll see it signifies To erase or to blot out. This is the end of my puzzle, And I hope you will not doubt it, When I tell you it's a kind of oil, So make no mistake about it. Hoping I have pleased you By what I've had to say, ' he curtain now 1'll drop, dear friends, And bid you all good-day T. DR \sE, Stratford. PUZZLES No. 2. One-fourth of peer, One-half of near, And then one-fifth of crown; One-half of tire, One-fourth of hire. Will name an English town. J. PARISH. No. 3 One-fourth of sing, One-fourth of ling, And next you'll find in plain; One-fourth of knew. One-fourth of grew- With whole a giant was slain. TOR. No. 4. One-fourth of road, One-fo rth of load, Also one-fourth of vent; On -fourth of keel, One-fourth of reel, Will name a town in Kent. POT Hooa ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Word My primals,if you please, read down, I trowe, you'll surely see A Budget tale of great renown, Much liked by you and me. Cross Words. A blessing this is said to be Given by God alone; For my next you'll surely see A well-known precious stone. The third of the lion in the night F.lIs every heart with dread : Fourth, I know, affords us light When we go to bed. My fifth is on the table found When we have our tea; An rnglish town of great renown For sixth yeu'1l surely see. :My seventh is a female's Christian name, Ard a Pi'le queen also For last. please find a man of fame, You have heard of him, I know. H. BEYNON, Bristol CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 6. A pece of machinery if you the centre delete, A well-known dog ) ou'll have complete SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 7. If any one did whole, and you At once the charge did epter; You then most surely would be whole Deprived of its centre. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. CURTAILMENTS. No. 8. A particle of fire curtail, When. 1., 1 before your ken Come, a larpe garden, without fail, ' hat's made and reared I y men. Curtail again, and then you'll see A useful kind of boat In which Noah an1l his family Were surely once afloat J. S. HIoMarN, IIammersmith. No n If you curtail what moans to discharge, A tree is seen that's known at large. SlTa L\UNCELOT.
DECAPITATIONAL TRANSPOSLTION. No. 10. A title Ichoad, transpose I irosent you A ni,mu for a female-I hope 'twill content you. G. GIAsT, Bayswater. DECAPITATION S No. 11. What sailors use if you behead (It is not hard I know), What hcroes eat you'll see instead, It will be so, I trow. IIL LY CANTER, Bradford. No. 12 A scrvant if you can behead, What's found in a house you'll have instead. BULULU. No. 13. A town in Scotland if you behead, A very troublesome thing you'll have instcad. J. P'ltoc oR.
REUBUS. No. 14. SjL J. G. LIuMsDEN.
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 15. When the Budqet is in your hand You all do'this, it's true; Curtail, transpose, and then you'll find That this belongs to you. SILVERSTAR. No. 16. A piece of leather if you behead, A pleasant conveyance you'll see instead; Si estore my he id, and then transpose, And a different scene it will disclose; Transpose again, and twice behead. And a kind of knock 'twill be instead; Behead my last, and then transp:oe, And-a parent's name it will disclose CAROLINE C., Liverpool. No. 17. An animal small if you behead, What's used by painters you'll have instead; Now curtail, and you will see What means comfort I'm sure to ho; Once more curtail, transpose, and I Assure you water you'll osp v. BHATR BEAGu Darlington.
B EBUS. INo. 18. P ASo,. AxO..
OMEGRAM. No. 19. A female name now twice curtail, There will at once be seen A name by which we recognize- A well-known fairy queen. Now change the tail, on this you may See England, France, or Spain: You'll see what oft is worn by feet If you but change again. Repeat the change, our father now Undoubtedly is here; But change again, another name For mother will appear. Now change again. in Scotlanl this Oft signifies a son; Repeat the change, when things are this We from them quickly run. Then change again, a kind of blot Yiu surely now will see: Repeat. the stomach of a beast You'll find it then will be. Now just once more the change repeat, Not least although the last: It names a portion of the 3 ear That's far from winter's 1 .st. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness.
CHARADES No. 20. Mistress Cole was very proud, And never prepossessing; For Susan Jane she called aloud, 'I he other morn, while dres-ing. So Susan Jane. so good and kind, The creaky stairs asce" ded. And with lat hands and fickle mind Her s.issus she attended. "Your droes is looking very prime,' Said Susan, keenly glancing, Her missus being all the time Around the chamber prancing. But when with walking she dis'ersod, From out the'room she scampered; But very soon her dress is fit st, For with it Susan tampered. Then one another's hair they tore Amid a dreadful second, Till Sue was level with the floor Much sooner than she reckon'd; But when recovered from the fall, She cut the scarlet beans Till total calne and blew them all Away to smithereens. J. G. Lu; EBDEN. No 21. Our town was in an uproar once, A strike had taken place; A meeting was announced for night- 'Twas a crisis in the case. At night at eight the hall was filled, A man stood up and first ; Said he, " To the masters don't give in, But let them do their worstl" He was a man with hair unkempt. His clothes were rasg'd and thiq, With scrubby hair his chin was fil.ed, And he was so fond of gin I A speech he made, a long one, too, Their time and wage he reckoned, When a wag sang out, " I think, my friend, You'd be better for a second" My whole is a tool by joiners used, A very useful one; And now, kind friends, I'll say farewell, This riddle is quite done, A. E. L., Bradford METAGRAMS. No. 22. A g'rl's Christian name if you change head, A name for a friend you'll have instead; Change head again, and then you'll find What means behind time will come to mind. COUNT ROBERT OF PARIS. REVERSION. No. 23. A month of the year Reversed by you, An American fruit You then will view. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY. ANAGRAM. No. 24. Pu doarse eth kral tino teh ria- A h aft so gons, a nigwed raprey- Sa fl a sulo, lerseade mrof nipa Rewe ginylf kacb ot veanhe giana. LOTT Y W., Brighton. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Truth. Thus : Tents, 15.-Boots, roots. Rude, Usk, Tennyson, 16 -Age before honesty, Hor e. 17-Stalk talk. 2 - Frank-fort. 18.-Want ,nt. 3.-Bull-dog. 19 -Bleak leak. 4. - lue-bell. 20 -Pat, pa. 5.-Coronet, cornet (roc. net), 21.-Cape, cap. hornet, throne, thorn. 22.-Forty, ort. north, torn, Tor, rot, rt 23.-Mar', Myra. (hearts). 24 -North, thorn. 6.-Now own, won, on, no 25.-Bad, dab. 7.-l'rouble. 26 --Pets, step 8.-Reply, rely. 27.-Corn. Cork. 9.-11Moath, moth. 28.-Yard, Yare 10.-Ruble, rule. 29.-Roc, roe, rod, rob, rot 11.-Anna. 12.--N'er carry two faces 30.- D I S H tinder o"o hood. I D E A 13.-Menth. Neath. 14.-Sigh t, Wight, sight, S E N right, might. H A N D 31.- F APE TREAT MATTHEW RAPAC I OUS HOUSEHOLDER INSURRECT 1 ONS 0 U R W EE K L YB U D GE T TRA N VAALREPUBL I C