Our friend T. W. KITCHNER to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACRO.STIC ON FINALS. No. 1. Introduction. Bring forth again the lyre of many strains, And soothe me with thy melody so clear. I list with joy unto thy pure refrains ; The sounds of gladness once again l'd hear. Ah, who comes here to swell the music sweet ? It is a train of youths and maidens fair. I gaze entranced, then gaily go to meet The joyous band whose music floods the air. Foundation Words. Amid the darkened firmament at night, These gems give splendour to the solemn scene, While this, resplendent in the morning light. Is seen arrayed in flowers and verdure green. Cross WVords. Oh, clever first, come back to us again. Why slumber 'neath oblivion's sombre pall? Like second, help to swell the sweet refrain; The harp will e'er obey the minstrel's call. Blithe.seeming third is he' e. With all my heart, I deeply sympathize with Dolly's woes. 'Tis sad to think with servants she must part. And wash, on washing-day, the Dolly's clothes. Arise. I say, and tune the lyre once more! I'll list, enraptured, while your gaily sing. From out the shadow of the " cottage door " Comes fifth, to make the fairy welkin ring. The magic influence of comic thought Bestrews thy path with sallies rich and rare, My sixth-by thee true hnmour e'eris caught, And Pathos seeks a sadder bard elsewhere. My next yield's industry's ripe golden fruit. Refrains that issue from his youthful heart Sounds well the challenge; once again he'll shoot At honour's target with unsullied dart. And eighth has oft my admiration gained, And woke in me a feeling of delight; While last has e'er my fancy entertained- Ingenious are the cons. he loves to write. T. W. KITCHNER. REBUS. No. 2. S. STEAD. CHARADE. No. 3. My whole grew in a shady spot Against the first's support, And all who e'e- beheld it gave Of it a good report. In all that lovely garden There was no fairer next; It's petals had the brightest hue, Its fragrance was unmixed. W. SAUNDERS, Powmil. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. I mean to hurry or go fast, I have no doubt you'll see; " ]i out my centre with a blast, ^''rous word I'll be. DEMOSTHENES.
ROTATION CHANGE. No. 5. We set out one morning in spring, Clarissa, and Katie, and I, A first full.of water to bring From the brodk in the meadow hard by. " Oh, Effie, dear, what do you say ? There's pa at the end of the street ?" So cried Hilda Carey one day, As she next out her father to meet. " Grace, come and pick violets with me; I let you because you are good, And made yourself useful, you see. So third, dear, and put on your hood." The air was so fragrant and still, As the squire drove us home from the meet, But the dews soon began us to chill, So the last was placed over our feet. MAUD BARTON. OMEGRAM. No. 6. A conserve first will bring to sight; But if you change the tail aright, It then will name part of your frame; If you Change tail again, you then will see A vessel it will surely be; Again change tail, and, without fail, You'll view A very well known kind of bird, Of which, no doubt, you've often heard. But now, my friends, this puzzle ends- Adieu. T. O'CoNNoR, Kinsale. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 7. With hopeful eyes I scan the page; Ere long, with rage, What do I read? They dare decline Each laboured line I In letters plain-too plain for me- 'Tis printed there. Should such things be ? I must away. Can I stay here To hear them sneer That all my talk of fame so grand Was only planned, But never took effect ? Friends dear, Can you explain this matter queer ? W. A. WILES. No. 8. I once possessed two apes, a monkey, A rabbit, and a hare, A pig, a cow, a horse, and donkey, A turkey, and a bear. The pig, the cow, the horse, the donkey, They used to feed on hay; The turkey, rabbit, hare, and monkey, Were fed on peas each day. Tonr STOB&, Bradford. HIDDEN PROVERB. No. 9. How life speeds on I Yet time doth steal away With silent tread, and day doth follow day, Like waves in ocean's tide, ebb scarcely seen, Unless we wait and mark where it hath been. Let us be earnest, for the joys of heaven Hang on this fleeting life-no other shall be given- And man, to gain the crown, for victory must have striven. TECUMSEH. DECAPITATION. No. 10. To first, or drink greedily, It next make you third; It will do it speedily-- At least, so I've heard. M. FABLANQUE, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. Where flows yon mighty river On its course towards the sea, Never pausing, rolling ever, Unbounded, wild, and free, There, in my fragile first, Natives do and dare the worst, As, with heart untamed and brave, They skim across the wave. Transpose, and next is roaring Like a mighty beast in pain, When the tempest dread is pouring All its fury out again. But let us change the scene: All is peaceful and serene, No storm is raging then To chill the hearts of men. - -- -~ .._iw*r r .-'Y
DECAPITATION. No. 12. I'm an awful, a fearful, a desperate man Both virtue and justice are out of my plan. My life is unlawful, y doings areawfl, My grim physiognomy's awful to scanu At penny theatres I'm greatly the rage Among youths who are fast, though they're leder of But though often here I bring down a cheer. I'm laughed into scorn by the higher.clas stage, Supposing, Young Folks, you decapitate me, I think you cannot be astonished to see That very bad-tempered I quickly shall be. And if at my change your rage stronger should wa Behead me again, and behold me a tar. w Then, if in my present form I don't seem nice, Be quick now and off with my head in a trice, And when it is done, the result will impart What I did just now to a luscious jam.tart. CHARADE. W. BIs-TEAD. CHARADE. No. 13. My first I'm writing now--I know You'll all with me agree, For if you Young Folks read, I trow First you will often see. And second, if you guess aright (I'm sure you can with ease), A kind of string will bring to sight, Thick, thin, just as you please. Now these two words together join, And then you'll surely see Another word which means the same As peace or unity. ENIGMA. J. WINTER, No. 14. I have four fingers and a thumb, I have no tongue, so I am dumb ; Of thread, silk, leather, I am made, And sometimes I am much displayed. I'm grey and brown, I'm black and pink, I'm with you when you're at the rink; I'm used in seasons warm and cold. So now my name you must unfold. ROSIE BLACK, GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 15. J. C. STroE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. My first's the atmosphere around; My second anger is; My third's a colour. Riddlers,come And solve this puzzle, please. SEELY.I No. 17. My first in houses finds a home, But near and far does like to roam; In next you'll see a maiden's name, Backwards and forwards 'tis the same; My last to gently touch doth mean. And now my riddle's done, I ween. ESPERANZA. No. 18. My first is a tell-tale, whom most of us hate: In my second come lovers in the -ening late; S1thf`a 1~ t,, Imo or-one of our queens; , fourth is a beverage for which most have the means. MEPHISTO. ORNITHOLOGICAL ACROSTIC. No, 19. Foundation Word. Free and wild, I roam in foreign lands O'er undiscovered tracks and blinding sands. Cross Words. 1. I seize another creature's lawful prey; 2. On gentle waters hdld I a queenly, sway; 3. You hear my dulcet tones where er yon go ; 4. Associated with poor Edgar Poe; 5. By men adored in unenlightened times; 6. A chatterbox from warm and tropic climes; 7. Sometimes no larger than a good.sized bee, I flit from bough to bough, and tree to tree. A. H. ScALEs. LOGOGRIPH. No. 20. "Boys will be boys" the saying goes. 'Tis true, but there are some we see Who, acting very foolishly, Ne'er give a thought or care for me. Ye boys who o'er your lessons pore, And always strive your next to do, 'Tis ye that grow up clever men With happiness in store for you. If from my first the head you take, And then transpose, you will espy The second word. And now, I think, 'Tis time I wished you all good-bye. J. TaOWSDALE, Oadby. MONOPHONE. No. 21. From the nursery free, as a very great treat, Young Tommy's brought down to dessert; He behaves himself well, and sits quiet in his seat, And his sayings are piquant, not pert. Young Tom is delighted, his heart is elate, He expresses himself very pleased, And a first is soon handed to him on a plate, And speedily by him is seized. He would eat it as eaturel, but his mamma Compels him his prize first to second, And informs him, "Now, Tommy, wherever you are, To do this but proper is reckoned." J. H. BecnaELOR, Bow.