Our friend H. C. PRICE to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
One day, when the wild wind was whirling around And dashing the first in the passengers' faces, I took up my pen, some paper I found, And sat by the blazing fire, best of all places. The cat on the hearthrug was sleeping quite sound, In an attitude charming, which sleep often graces, And I said to myself, " Well, now, I'll be bound, But a riddle I'll write in this best of all places." Now the pussy-cat sneezed and opened her eyes, And seemed to say slyly, while making grimaces, " I'm a very good cat, and, indeed, I am wise, Or I shouldn't be here in this best of all places." " The next on your neck, puss," said I, " is dark brown; I'm sure that it ought to be blue in such cases." And puss seemed to answer, " Quite right," then snoozed down. And thought the warm hearthrug the best of all places. H. C. PizIcE. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. A vowel for my first you want, The same you'll findin vine; And next's a word that signifies To fade in slow decline. The common herbage of the field, Riddler, for third put down; A colourless, transparent fluid Ia fifth is fully shown. A river, then, for sixth please take, Of this our own true land; And in my last a consonant You'll have at your command. My centrals downwards and acrose, When found, will bring to view A riddler who's well known to you; And now I'll say adieu. J. G. LABERT. MONOPHONE. No. 3. Hark ! hark ! how loud the cheering rings ! What chattering of voices ! How glad each face ! how bright each eye 1 HIow every one rejoices ! But why this show of mirthfulness That not one instant ceases ? And why fill they the first with che: S As merriment increases ? The old squire's son to-day's of age, And joyful the occasion, For tenants from all parts are come, And hence the park's invasion. Upon the lawn the banquet's laid, With richest dainties furnished, Adorned all o'er with fruits and flowers, And gleam of silver burnished. And soon the glasses, brimming o'er, Are raised, 'mid cheerings gushing, And drunk unto the youthful next, Who rises, pleased and blushing. And when the dozen muttered words Are spoke 'mid much" Hear, hearing," The merriment grows noisier still, And louder sounds the cheering. Too soon the happy day is o'er, But third the evening passes There's dancing for the merry swains And rosy, round.cheeked lasses. FLossir B., Manchester, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. My home was in the seas, The blue wave under; I grew by slow degrees, The ocean's wonder. But men my value know, So there they sought me, And to admiring view, Triumphant, brought me. Now beauty's neck around, Of pearly whiteness, In contrast fair is found My rosy brightness. In earth's dark depths I lay, There ages dwelling, Where never breaks the day, The night dispelling. Now round my cheerful light Young faces cluster, That, lit with pleasure bright, Reflect my lustre. T. L. HiMsRY. TRANSPOSITION. No. 5. Over mountain, field, and valley crept the twilight dim and grey, Come to tell, with misty footsteps, of the closing of the day; As I watched from out mywindows, saw the last faint rays of light Dying slowly in the heavens, killed by shadows of the night, When to me came little Nelly-Nelly, my sweet niece and pet, To remind nme of a promise that she thought I might forget. "Auntie, do you not remember what you promised yestcr. day You would tell if I was quiet and not noisy in my play ?" 'Twas a first, and so I told her all about the giants great Who by swords of mighty heroes met their well.deservid fate; Told of merry elves and fairies, and of captive ladies bright, Rescued oft from castle prisons by a valiant-hearted knight, Till the hour grew very second, and Nell's snowy eyelids fell O'er her soft eyes, hued with azure like the delicate harebell. nowlN.E rs. CHIARADE. No. G. That imy first h~s miy second is very well knownu, In a natural state, yet, before hlie's full grownu, To ilul'ove h is apl~esorance 't is half lopped away. Bumut I iu: miy total--so wish you good-day. G UIrLPII.
LOGOGRIPHI. No. 7. Can any doubt in what I say, Miy whole it happens every day? Yes, from the rich down to the poor, It passes almost every door. There is no first attends that scene, Although there often such has been, How sad it is that it should be, Instead of showing sympathy ! My second you will now transpose, A title it will then disclose- A rank of honour some do crave, But seldom given to the brave. Curtail my last, and I've no doubt You'll manage soon to find me out; I'm to be seen in many a tear, But not in danger, still in fear. J. CAMERON. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. T. LoueAINE. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 9. An animal my first will be ; But the centre taken out, Leaves a kind of pipe or tube We cannot do without. C. D., York, No. 10. A sublstance whose poison doth often cause death In total, I think, you will trace; How strange ! in an instant you're gasping for breath, If you but the centre efface. W. PFEIFFEIR, PALINDROME. No. 11. I'm part of every ship that sails Upon the briny sea; Now turn me round, and you will find It has not altered me. J. G. LAMBERT.
GEOGRAPHICAL R1EBUS. No. 12. T. DIcxsoN, Tullyhogue. MIETAGRAM. No. 13. \ly first, dear riddlers, always lies Close unto most people's eyes; Then change the head, and each one views A thing that's often lent by Jews; Change head again, and 'tis doery.d You'll nee a word that's used for speed; Again change head, you'll be amused, A word for belt I here have ued. 1l. DEs Y(Eox, South Kensington TRANSPOSITION. No. 14. 'Tis with the Queen that I've been seen, With coronation blending; Not in her hand, but near did stand, In retinue attending. Transposing me, great change you'll see, Then unsubstantial growing, Since I am made a ghostly shade, An apparition showing. W. KEARNEY, Uioote, CHARADE. No. 1,5. My lirs, an animal will Ihe; A suhstance hard for second. A wcll-known actor is my whole, if 1 have not inisreckoued. J. W. KNomr, Ilerne Hill.
POLYPHONE. No. 16. FIRST. No shady grove is here, no cool retreat To offer shelter from the noontide eat A burning plain, illimitably wide, ' Extends its naked length on every side Whilst overhead the sun in golden blaze Pours on the gleaming sand its dazzling rays No trace of Nature's fin er can be seen, No springing blade, nor bud nor leaf of green; No grateful shower of gentle summer rein Falls, softly plashing, on the thirsty plain Nor zephyrs amorous, with playful breathi E'er move the air, that hangs as still as dcthL SECOND. There are friendships-one the crystal rare, The other but the bauble, false and fair, The first is rarer and of higher worth Than any glittering treasure of the earth For when a trouble comes a trusty friend Is ever near, a helping hand to lend. But t' other, when we meet an adverse wind, Bursts like a bubble, leaving air behind And friends, or known as such, are e'er aroenl, Who in the test would be as worthless found, And thus would leave us treacherously alone, With powers such as heaven had made onr oev, T, L, lifrer, CHARADE. No. 17. When the day is gently closing, And my first is welcomed in, Oh, how sweet to be reposing When you're free from toil and dinl 'Tis then I take my Young lolkh down, And try to find its puzzles out; This puzzle's second, you must own, A preposition is, no doubt. And when my third you hear it roaring O"er the mighty ocean's billow, Blessings deep and earnest pouring Give to Him who made thy pillow. Pray for those who may be dying On the deep, tremendous sea; Mothers, children, all are crying In despair and misery. We are safe through a1: the night, He will shield us from all wrong, And when the stars are shining bright, My whole doth sing its merry song. J. WHITELEY, HIhifax. OMEGRAM. No. 18. I love to see the first at night; It really is a splendid sight To see it; when it shines so bright, It often tends to give us light, Change the tail, then you will view A word that is well known to you; To fasten ships it means, 'tis true, So find it without more ado. Again change tail, then will remain What meanetli temper of the brain, Or temper of the mind, 'tis plain. Now farewell till we meet again. H. V. BAaWLL., DECAPITATION. No. 19. War causes much of this I dread; But if you will kindly lop its head, Hey, presto ! a most cheering sound Will from the headless trunk rebound. W. HIDas, PALINDROME. No. 20. Read me forwards, read me backwards, Always to you I will name One who has, for your restoring, Ever to your thanks a claim. W. P'rzErrE. SQUARF WORDS. No. 21. My first is an animal Well known to you; My next means to open- Now pray find a clue; My last means to marry I think you wil find; And this is my puzzle, So keep it in mind. Deptfoed DOLLY, Defotd. LOGOGRIPH. No. 22. If you an English town curetil, And carefully'Sranspose, Something you wear when you're ill I think it will disclose. C. 1)., York,