Our friend SHaaRaoex to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ROTATION C$ANG0.. No. 1. I rambled down a shady irst,. Upon a summer's day; Out through the clouds the sunshine burst, And drove the mists away. The honeysuckles decked the hedge And shed their sweet perfume, And in the shade I saw the sedge Display its yellow bloom. Beyond the wood, whose leaves were stirred So gently byv the breeze, A tapering next, that looked so third, Came peeping through the trees. And down on it the sunshine gleamed, And brightly glowed and shone, Until a flame of fourth it seemed, Instead of painted stone. And in the fields on either side, To beautify the scene, The tapering fifths, in giant pride,. Upreared their heads of:7ree,. ili~maocr, Armagh, REYERSION. No. 2. He was a fiddler old and grey ; his cheeks were white with want, His eyes were first with many a tear, his clothes were old and scant, And as the youth drew forth his purse and gave his little store, He gave it gladly, for his heart compassion felt the more, A thousandthauks the gladdened gaze sent next his little breast Sweet was, the fiddler's murmured hope by heaven he mightbe bBlest, That smiling rogue the "boy," alas I who saw the kindly gift, Pelt in his mpnd a deeper thought, and e'ea hi. brow did lift, And straight with admiration gazed, the little scene to see, And felt that wondrous thrill e'er brought by acts of chivalry. H. C. Pnoze, Southwark.
rPROVERB REBUS. 1 No. 8. Lgy It Le y Be t7 ~l U\ w t.o ýý +l \ IS 'e MEPHIBTO. BETAG1RAM, METAGRAMS
BETA(IBAMI No. 4, " I say, my lad, what were you doing yonder P It strikes me you were just a-thieving pears. No doubt, of them you're getting vastly fonder I But people should not eat what isn't theirs. " What I let you off this time, you plaguey sinner ! I'm half inclined to first you-yes, I am. At stealing you are far from a beginner. I fear those swelling tears are only sham. "Well, well, this time I won't be harsh unto you; But come again, and next for you 'twill be. A pitchfork I will instantly run through you, Or hang you on the nearest highest tree l" "Oh, what an awful threat !'" cried trembling Willie (He thought the farmer meant all he had said). "To thieve again I should be very silly; And, as it's late, I'll toddle home to bed." W. DICKSON. CHARADES. No. 5. My first, though small, much work performs, All for my second's sake; It pauses oft, but never tires, Nor seeks a rest to take. My third's a large and well.known thing, Which for my second.toils; Unwearied, it e'er labours on, Nor from its task recoils. My whole my second doth attain; I am by all required, And when of goodly quality, Am much to be admired. M'PHIaro. No. 6. Oh, how lovely is the firt, With its ever-changing light! What a splendid view doth burst On our keen, enraptured sight, When we gaze from this high seat On the valley spread below, Andthe little town so neat Lying bathed in SBol's bright glow I! By the nezxtof this clear stream We will rest a little while, And we'll gaze, as in a dream Over each expansive mile. Soon adown my whole again We must take our homeward way, But, while summer lasts, I'd fain Come back here another day. W. SAUNDERS, Powmill. TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. I am a certain kind of fish; But if you me transpose, A kind of pillow comes to hand. Its name please to disclose. W. D. PcrguRnae. METAGRAM. No. 8. First I'm a useful mineral; But if you'll please to change my head, A frisky kind of animal Will certainly appear instead; Change head again, this rightly do, What all do seek will come to view. FLOUxNCE NIxON. DECAPITATION. No. 9. Myflrst a beast will plainly show, Of it you've often,read; Sometimes it dwells amidst the snow And there does find its bed. Now, kindly, this poor beast behead, And, strange to say; though true, What's left, you'll find, will be, instead, Possessed by all of you. INaoNYAMA.
CHABADE. No. 10. I grieve to state that Aist is often done: Often I Why, soores of times ere sinks the sun, How sad it is that there a chance should be That we should e'er do wrong unwittingly I My second in itself is very small, Yet, minus it, we'd veryoften-fall Into an error. But, you know, my friend, Ten thousand lines might on that word dbpend. 'Tis merely a conjunction, nothing more, And which is spelled with letters less than four. My first and second, when united, show A kind of duty, to do which.we go Where we are bid or where our duty leads- For duty every other olaim precedes. The answer is not difficult to spell; So, as my work is done, I'll say farewell. ENIGMA. No. 11. A horse am I, without a doubt, Well known to all, as you'll find out; Of use am I to rich and poor, But never grazed on any moor. I ne'er was foaled or had a mother; I do not breathe, so cannot smotber. , I'm black, or white, or green, or blue; My colour may be changed by you, A man ne'er rode upon my back, Nor ever have I borne a sack; I ne'er was saddled, bridled, ridden; Nor yet:to trot was ever bidden. Yet, though so useless I may seem, I often work-by fire and steam. I serve for years without a bite, And ne'er feel tired by day or night. KINDERGARTEN, Frizingtbon TRANSPOSITION. No. 12. In every household first is seen- It is a useful thing, ween Also in dressing.rooms 'tis found,. And sometimes used upon the grounds: If you will kindlythis transpose, A sort of tree it will disclose; And when you see agarden fair It's surely there-it's surely there. R. MorTeousav,
METAGRAMIS .No. 13. Our first was made, the sun shone out, The day was quite serene, And people came to next, no doubt, The sports upon the green. We set to work with right goodwill i To get a third I'd try, But stumbling o'er a stone, I fell, And badly cut my eye. My play was o'er, and, full of pain, For home I did prepare. I reached the house, and raised the fourth, And found my sisters there.. They thought I had been fighting, but. To fifth a lie I'd scorn. B it through that fall and since thaj day. A sixth I've always worn. S. C. HsT[or No. 14. On the battle-first gory," So runs the old story, An officer, with his.last breath, Cried, "My men, forward go C Never-next to, the foe. Let your motto, be ' Vict'ry or.death.i' ' . A. ST. T, AnDC0c4.; IfONOPHONE. No. 15. The swordsman made a rapid first, And then, as he had reckoned, His foeman proved to be the worst,, And did with terror second. SroD aN VA NTN DECAPITATION. No. 16. A piece of furniture's my first; My next we all possess- Without my third we couldn't live. So nowthe answer guess. 1. DouenAs,.Bury., SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. To.day I appear with a con., which, I fear, I have made much too plain. I'll begin.it, .. .,. Or you'll say I'm a dunce if I don't start at once, And finish it off-in a.mninute. A "black" for-first find ; to his friends he was.kind, But his enemies--didn't they get it ! But just turn it round, and then, Ill be bound, ' A dress you will see-don't forget it. You want next, Isuppose; then myrst please transpose, Which will bring to your notice my second. We are now getting on, but, really, my con, Is more of a this than I reckgoned. Fix your gaze up on high, 'midst thestarsjinu eskry,. And there, if I am.uot mistaken, Yul You'll see lots of third. And now, qn.my'word, A little last ought to be taken, J. Woarsncrag,