Our friend AxNxE F. STANTON to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. Young Folks, attention I would claim, While I my history tell, And though I'll not reveal my name, I think you'll know me well. You see and use me every day, And e'en the Zulu King Cetywayo, so the papers say, Thinks I'm a pretty thing. I'm often tall, but sometimes short; I'm gaudy or I'm neat; I'm dear, yet sometimes may be bought For twopence in the street; I'm hard or soft, I'm smooth or rough, I'm black or white as milk, rm made of every kind of stuff, Of leather, cloth, or silk. The Greek folks knew me first of all Before great Homer died; The Phrygian people made me small, The Persians made me wide. You English folks in 1510 Began my use to see, Although your kings and princes then Thought nothing much of me. And then you to extremes did fly, And wore me when you ate, And when, perchance, you laid me by, Got cold as sure as fate. Lord Clarendon, and Pepys too, Both persons of great note, Will tellyou that all this is true, In diaries that they wrote. My shape has very varied been, And any one will say That very curious forms are seen In this the present day. But, dear me I how the time does fly I It is your turn to speak; And if you cannot guess me--why, Please wait till this day week. ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway, M]ETAGRAM. No. 2. 'Twas a pleasant April morning, Golden light Lit the heavens with a glory Warm and bright, As I wandered 'cross the meadows Where there grew Daisies sprinkled with gem.drops Of the dew. 'Mid a tall tree's leafy branches A blithe bird - .. Sang a secondffullof music, Sweet and third; And as. I'sto~ d there in silence For to hear NoteJofull of tuneful gladness, Lonud and clear, Towards me a maid came tripping. She was fair As a first, her eyes were azure, And her hair- Shone like golden gleans of sunshine. To her I Spake. I said: "My pretty maiden, Tell me why You have come this morn so early 'Cross the green Meadows, where none save the lambkins Scarce are seen P" And she answered, softly, gently, "'Tis to fill With the wild, bright flow'rs my basket., Mother's ill, And we're poor, so ev'ry morning I my way Wend to town, to sell my posies, Sweet and gay. And I must now quickly onward, Time flies fast; So, good sir, I kindly wish you A fine last." Bnags.Erns, ACROSTICr , No. 3. Foundation Word. Young Folks, this riddle I'll unfold, If you will please attend. Now, in my primals you'll behold A very worthy friend, Who in the Yeouw Follcs does appear To please both great and small, Each week to say again, " I'm here," In answer to your call. Gross Words. My first, dear friends, is owned by every man, And now, please, find the answer, if you can. A flower that bows submission as we pass, And seeks to hide itself amid the grass. War and bloodshed seem to hold the sway In this fair country ev'ry night and day. A kiiight brings next from off.the battlefield; The gallant foeman died ere it he'd yield. For next a bulb which oft the table graces, Or causes tears to trickle down our faces. Now I will sixth and make my bow to you, So, Young Folks all, I say a fond adieu. T. W. KIroHNE. RHYME RIDDLE. No, 4. Sweet Viotorine, frst Victorine, Why seemest thou so sad this morn P Thy beauteous face hath never been So dull with second, wan and worn. Surelylife is not sO'painfulll ' m Why dost thou third this lowly mien P Thou who once wert the disdainful, Proud, yet beauteous Victorine. 4, GasEaNlln Arix.
CHARADE. No. 5. I've heard that anglers use a first- I'm littlein that way, But will suppose they do, and leave The word for you to say; 'Tis not a rod, or reel, or line, If you to name it should incline. My next quite readily you'll solve, Conjunctions are so few, Save those in life; but that I mean 'S a part of speech, if true. The third-for it has yet a third- May in your face be seen, Or black, or blue, or brown, or grey, Oblique, or straight, I ween. Of whole, than you, no doubt, the fair Know more the use, and so I'll leave it them-to name, as well On them its gift bestow. ALIQms, PROVERB REBUS, No. 6. J. CHaRLzs, Belfast. LOGOGRIPH, No. 7. For whole a kind of riddle seek, Fdound inthe Yowng Folks every week; Take centre out, and then transpose, And what means certain 'twill disclose. W. Prmrr tn, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. First, first, you lazy sleeper I Get out of bed at once 1 Your sister next is saying, "Get'up, you lazy dunce Il' W. SauDND~s, Powmill, DECAPITATION. No. 9. Part of the body's hidden here, As can be proved by you ; Just take my head off, and 'tis clear A fish will come to view. TuZ BLu,. REBUS. No. 10.
W. S. S, Glasgow, MONOPHONE. No. 11. Old Domiaie Whaokem kept a school, To ie youthful generation To red rite, and sum by rule Of r small remuneration. But, noise they made, All oaning, ruler fearing ,Yoni'd' gone crazy, I'm afraid, Passmian hour within the hearing. Then when it grew past bearing quite, With cane he stern the culprits beckoned, And gave them all this rule to write : "To speak my first is not my second." T. L. Hxn. ENIGMAS. No. 12. Now, reader, read this riddle, and Observe the ground on which you stand, Think of the stuiffit first was made of, Haply the oldest'that you read of- Indeed, the stuff is immaterial, Nobody has it, .tis so afrial; God spake, andit became material. J. H.BaTs, South' Torwood, No. 18. Fifty.four and one,theen, Five hundred, rightly used; My whole is what'youg atures are Whenever they are iruised. / '. WALTn, Bradford,
ACBOSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 14. Foundation Words. When the words hidden here below Are found by you aright, Centrals downward read will show A famous riddling wight. (ross Words. A river first, in Turkey seen, Of it you've often heard, I ween. This is, no doubt, you will agree, A curse to poor humanity. A kind of sword my next will show; A vehicle which you all know. My next is found in war and strife, But never foundin death or life. A kind of sheep my next will name ; Reversed, you'll find it's just the same. Whoe'er does this, you may depend, Will come to an untimely end. All honour give to men like these, Who bravely guard our native seas. This X I hope this is to you. My puzzle's done, so now adieu. F. R. COULSO1, MONOPHONICAL DECAPITATION. No. 15. "How do you do, dear cousiniJack ? I'm pleased to see you safe aid sound, And, really, I must take you back To have a jolly handshake round. You won't ? How can I tempt you, Jack? Oh, by-the.bye, at three we dine; Of first and wine you'll find no lack, And I can vouch the beef is fine. It isn't oft we first, dear Jack, So come and 'crush a cup' with me ,·; As Kairon did, but not the thwack-' "i, To take that, too, I'll not agree." SECONDS. " Ye gods and little dinners, Will, Indeed you tempt me hard and sore. I'll come and second well my fill, But hope I shall not be a bore; For, really, Sol is hot now, Will, The second I would fain escape. It is, indeed, enough-to kill; It makes one sleepy, makes one gape. So come along, my cousin Will; To see your friends I shall be glad. I've walked afar o'er dale and hill, And now-I want my dinner bad I" H. C. Paics, DECAPITATION. No. 16. I sat me down upon a first, Where once a castle stood, And listened to the village bells, Which tolled in merry mood. Their next was by me much admired, And gave me much delight; When clock struck last, I started up, And just reached home that night. P. M'CALL, Dublin, CHARADES. No. 17. Sir Robert was a gallant first, A man of war was he, And he would hasten to the fight To prove hisichivalry. He called a monk with next and cloak, And unto him did say, "I would a prayer from you invoke, To cheer me on my way; For I am going to meet a foe Whose fame sounds near and far, And I will not return again, Should he my total mar. G. JAMsx, Newry. No. 18. A climbing plant my first will be; My second is a measure My whole's a place'where we may see First growing at our leisure. J. G. LAIxsDT, CURTAILMENT. No. 19. All hail to Young FolksI of which first forms a second; In that paper my first of importince is reckoned; 'Tis on a third with the best, for I heard my fourth say That Young Folks is the paper, the best of the day. RED DRAGON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. In first the name of a month you'll see ; And blue the meaning of next will be; My third to the country will belong; Next is a bird, if I am not'wrong For my last a female's name you'll try. To complete it all, I'll say good.bye. W. MiAcoM,. ... . ., --o-,-,, -. . . .-.r'-