Our friend LYCIDAS to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE.. No. 1. Upon a dark and stormy night, With fearful looks and stealthy tread, As though he feared the morning light, A man passed on, with features dread. And he might well discovery fear, For on a wicked deed he's bent: To pick my first, when no one's near, Is his one wish and bad intent. But as luck chanced, to thwart his plan, My second had a first put on; And so indeed his thoughts are vain, And all his wicked phans are gone. My whole my first had made right well, That no bad men its strength might break; Taught by the chance, the thief does dwell Like honest men, and sins forsake. LYcoDAs, Bolton. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. A flower of winter primals show In my cross words hidden below. Cross Words. These we see in every street; And these upon our hands and feet: This fruit from fair Seville is brought; In regions cold these fish are caught; A northern country now please name, For sith and hogs it has much fame; Every one to this should keep; Ships of this wood brave the deep; A manufacturing town for last, In Scotland it is not surpassed. W. ALEXANDER, NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3.-I am a oily f unded by a famous Roman emperor; my name contains fourteen letters. My 1, 2, 8 is a child's bed; my 6, 7, 8 is an insect; my 13, 14, 10, 6 is a Siberian river; my 5, 9, 14 is a metal; my 10, 6,12, 13, 14, 4 is a city in Italy ; ma 5, 6, 7 is to prepare hides; my 12,13, 6, 3 is to devise my 12, 9, 6, 3, 11 is a musical instrument; my 6, 3, 7, 9, 14 is a female's name; my 1.11, 7,4, 8, 6,3, 5, 9, 10, 14 is the founder of my whole.-S. E. 8. PUZZLES. No. 4. One-third of cow, One-third of row, And then one-half of we; One-third of doe. One-third of sew, An English town you'll see. J. PARISH. No. 5. . Oi4brd of tin, Oine-third of inn, And thli oiintftli of light i - One-foirtliOfbent, Onefourth.:of-ent, And e- y come to sight, One-fifth of sport, One-fourth of port, And now o.e-flfth of groan; One-fourth of hurt, One-fifth of spurt, And now one-fifth of stone. Put me together, and you will see That Jack indeed would be dull without me. ANON,. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. .--2. Why. Cecil, I always told you to do that. 2. Do you beat rice with a spoon or fork ? 3. Laber I That is not rlht, I'm sure 4. I did not go up Mont Blanc; he went without me. 5. aeve you seen Philip, papa? 8. She is a Bclmint-anyone could tell that. 7. Take the bag, Nestor, th re's a good dog. 8. Mamma. Ryde is by the sea, isn't it ? VERBAL CHARADES. No. 8. My first is in will ; My second's in swill; My third is in sleepy and slow; M y fourth is in slender; My fifth is in splendour; My sixth is in blowing, a d blow. My whole is a large tree, Which is well-known to all, That can spring like a feather, And bounce like a ball ESTHER AlcOOK. No. 9. My first is in mud, but not in rain; My second's in engine, but not in train; My third is in 'bus, but not in cab : bly fourth is in block, but not in slab. These letters, placed aright by you, -Will bring a useful thing to view. J, S. HIcKMtiN. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 10. A province in France if you curtail and transpose, A French heroine's name 'twill disclose. TIBRO o. No. 11. A royal title whole will be; Curtail, and then transpose, 'Twill show a very useful tree That in this country grows. II. COLIINS. No. 12. A piece of furniture behead and transpose, A bundle of goods it will disclose; Behead again, and then, I ween, A kind of liquor will be se n ; Transpose again, and if done oright, A river in England will come to sight. ANON. REVERSION. No. 13. It a part of a room you will turn round, A part ss an acre will then be found. J. S. HICKMAN.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words. Poead the initials of this puzzle down, And there will be a country of renown; Then read the finals down the same, You'll see a prince in it of equal fame, Gross Words. My filrst's to lay fast old, As a miser does his gold; My second is a name Well known in Scripture fame; My third's in Belgium to be sought, Near which a battle there was fought; My fourth, you'll find, is a leading truth, Something to notify, forsooth; For my fifth look the map of Africa o'er, It will be a bay on the southern shore; And now the annals of England scaq For my sixth, a warrior, a right brace man; For my last, a city of England find Which most of the others leaves behind. FRIAR. PROVERB REBUS. No. 15. G., London. VERBAL CHARADE. No. 16 I'm found in four. but not in three; A bird, I'm sure, my next will be; I'm found in cheese, but not in eggs; I'm, found in barrels, but not in kegs; I'm found in top, also in hoop: Ily next is always found in group: Im found in large, but not in small; I'm found in hearse, but not in pall ; I'm found in her, but not in him; I'm found in relations, but not in Irkn; I'm found in hand, but not in arm; My next is in cottage, but not in farm; I'm found in mop, but not in broom; My last's in house, but not in room. Dear'friends, if you these letters place - 'gt,:tlien you. illseeo TwO f `6n'if llhidB m'"iose names Are known to you and me. A. E. C., Deptford, CURTAILMENT. No. 17. A kind of jug If you twice curtail, A black, sticky substance You'll have without fail. SIR W. LL-rTR, Beeston Hill. PROVERB REBUS, No. 18. /- ;uL T. S., London. CTIARADES, No. 19. My first "stands under" every man, Though not his " understanding;' HIis understanding it obeys, Whatever course demanding. My second is hung up in space, Upon it we all live; I don't know where we all should be If it a lurch should give. My whole flies quickly through the air, Followed by eager eyes : A rush. and then a good hard fight, Till o'er the line it flies, LYOIDAm, Bolton. No. 20. My first is liked by most folks rather hot; My next is personal-be not offended ; My last is harmless if you touch it not; My whole is oft for cleanliness intended. CHRONONHOTONTUOL0GOS. METAGRAM. No. 21. When at a fair the whole you often see Change head, and then in your mouth it will be. .. RtcnARDsoN, LiverpooL
ENIGMAS. No. 22. At me crowds assemble; At me thousands tremble; I'm gaiety's friend; I to life put an end; In the air I'm tossed high; Fraught with ruin I fly; For dancing I'm famed; For murder oft blamed; I'm frequent in duels; I oft display jewels; I'm in work-baskets found; I in battles abound. H. A. E., Wrotham. No. 23.-I am between a man and a horse in civilization; but am unknown to either in their savage state.-LILY WARREN. DECAPITATIONS. No. 24. A loud noise if you will behead, Foolhardy you will have instead; Behead again, and then you'll see A very well-known forest tree. BOW-Wow. No. 2 5. What ornaments a lady's dress if you behead, A plundering excursion will be instead; Again, if you behead aright, What means assistance Will come to sight. W. RITOHIE, Glasgow. No. 26. An English town if you behead, A heavy weight you'll have instead; And now behead, and then, I ween, A preposition'will be seen. C. T. W, Great Yarmouth, PALINDROME. No. 27. A foreign coin please turn round, And still the same it will be found. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE, London, TRANSPOSITION. No. 28. A point of the compass please transpose, A chair or bench it will diselose. J. ARMSTRONG, Ecalegill. METAGRAM. No. 29. A pretty colour please change head, A place of amusement you'll have instead. MEssRs. DALE AND SHARPis, Leicester. EQUARE WORDS. No. 30.-A useful quadruped; a Budget heroine; fine drops of rain ; to go in; last, transposed, means in good time.--H. COiLIS. s. No. 31. My first a lman to you will show, A noble sport pursuing; My next a plant which still will grow 'Neath Eastern sunbeams stewing; My third are used by ounnaig men, Not frequently detected; . My fourth's a thing beyond-our ken, And often unexpected; My last are useful to the horse Which a long journey's going. - - -... --But if I longer. stay, oQgporse, ____ Impatient you'll be growing; So now good-bye, to solve me try- You will if you are knowing. REGINALD AP litYS, New Cross, DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 32. This is in who, as well as whose; This is an instrument which soldiers use. An artificial watercourse this will name; The next a number will proclaim; This a Chrislinn name will be; A trap you in the next will see; This diamond puzzle then to close, Please write down one-four( h of doze. Read the centrals, and you will see A number. Can you tell it me ? J. WAKEFIELD, Manchester, No. 33. For first a consonant please write; With second I this con. indite ; My third a town in Scotland is; A boy's name is smy fourth, I wis; My fifth's a gem oft seen in rings; My'lixth's a period, which brings Me to my sevwnth, and, I've no doubt, A consonant it will turn out. The centrals, if you scan them well, A boy's name certainly will spell. A 800TCa LAssIE. ANAGRAM. No. 31. Het hdases so hgtin rewe lalgnif tass, Sa grohthu na penial Igeilav atsp A tohuy ohw reob dim nwos adn cie A ranebn hitw eth gaenrst cedeiv- Scorexlie I J. P. WILLIAzrS, London.