Our friend F. W. PETCHELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Aurora's amber beams so bright Were first across the ocean blue The east was streaked with rays of light That faintly glimmered through the dew; And ,ol his early glances threw, That flushed with beauty all the sky, ow limpid in its azure hue. While snowy cloudlets 'neath it lie, I air as the oases on the desert dry. Next boat was drifting o'er the wave, Wherein two famished sailors lay; Reflected in the glassy grave They s w their faces day by day. And marked with woe their Pad decay. Fa.nting, they breathed the sultry air, And as Sol beamed on wave and spray, They cursed him-flendish. yet so fair, That calmly smiled upon their last despair Eacer they strained their sunken (yes, Though hope had long since died away; The lonely waste, the dreary skies, Their earnest glance alone repay. One first next third into the spray To catch the fish that sported by, Yet, when he drew the th'rd, no prey Lay 'neath his eager, anxious eye, And falling back, he only wished to die. '7 he sun speeds to his western home. Dark purple waves around him roll, Whie tinged with crimson is the foam 'I hat dances to his evening goal. And chatt'ring as the merry whole, That loudly sounds at dances gay. Were heard the sailors' teeth. There stole Shade upon shade, the (lying day Yielded to n'ght with Sol's last flashing ray. The sun has sunk below the wave, Yet brightly glows the west so red; Pure s ars. above the monarch's grave, '1 heir lustrous beauty softly shed. The mystic light reveals (now dead) Two famished forms, whom Fate had placed To thir t, with water round them spread; And -evening's dewy moonbeams traced A drifting coffin on the dreary waste. F. W. PETCHELL ACROSTIO. No. 2. Foundation Word. O'er-your kind and bett r feelings You should ever keep control; For 'tis base, unguarded pissions 'That destroy the human soul Make no primals, but in honour, If it britte' be as glass ; Rather feign your full entirety, For 'twill never come to pass. Cross Words. They're exactly alike, Not in difference one atom: They look tempting and luscious, I wish I was at 'em. To have nne at meal-times is beneficial, I'm told, Although as a sauce, you're aware, it is sold. A l:oland (Quiz) I'd not give for a this, sir; For if we did, our author we should miss, sir. A first takes my second, of letters no end to 'em, To friends whensoe'er you may wish to send to 'em. I've nothing to do, and when nothing doing, The ways of the sluggard they say I'm pursuing; In the land of the heathen, 'tis sad to deplore, They worship this figure with rev'rence and awe. If I buy any article said to be real, In my passion I'm apt to get furious If it should pro -e a this ; it will surely reveal That it's worth not a Jot, for 'tis spurious. They say that these vessels of noise the most make, You'll suit your own self my assertion to take. G. GRANT, Bayswater. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 3. Cross Words. R eally a dangerous reptile this is, I am sure you'll own; O n Scotland's map now search with care, and you will see this town; L ook o'er the map of Ireland, then my third (a town) you'll view; A Christian name for boys is fourth, 'tis perhaps possessed by you : N ow con the map of Asia and this country you will see; D ot down a kind of serpent now, for my last it will be. Foundation Words. Q uizzers'cute of Puzzledom, this puzzle I give now U nto you for to test your skill-to solve it you know how; I f primals you do read aright, an author they will nam-. Z ealous he is to our B. He is in Budget fame. T. ARCHERt. PUZZLE. No. 4. MFy first is in fight, My second's in white: My third is in yellow and blue; My fourth is in red, Me fifth is in wed- A north British river you'll view. J. PTaRISH. PALINDROME. No. 5. Straight or even this will be: Reverse, and still the same you'll sec. J LU.rsnaE,.
VERBAL CHARADES. No. 6. My first is in rub. My e~cond's in tub, My third you'll find in round; My fourth a in right, My fifth is in bite, In gate my last is found; My whole is a thing which, I think you'll all agree, Is, and always was. As Jolly as can be. ESTHER ALOCOK. No. 7. My first is in rtie, but not In fall; My second's in great, but not in small; My third is in boat, but not in ship; My fourth is in mouth, but not in lip; My fifth is always found in sea; You'll find my whole in Y. F. B. J. M. UPTON.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. F. W. PETCHELL.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 9. If a necessary of life you behead, What we do to the Budget you'llhave instead. J. S. HIICKMA, Hammersmith. No. 10. If you a country in Europe behead, What you don't like you'll have instead. f H. J. ELLis, Beeston Hill, Holboek. No. 11. Around my whole we oft may sit, And laugh o'er merry joke and wit; Beheaded, you, without much toil, Will see it signifies the soil. G. GRANT, Bayswater. No. 12. A useful article behead, A maiden you will have instead; Behead again, you'll surely see A beast of burden there will be. AsYi ROBsART, Shepherd's Bush.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 13. FRITZ BRAUN.
CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 14. I'm a beautiful flower and the glory of June ;j Add a centre, and then I may wake you too soon. J. L., Lambeth. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 15. If a certain fruit you transpose, Another fruit it will disclose. J LOVEL, Weaverthorpe. No.16. A part of your body if you transpose, A beast of prey it will disclose, PRINOsa GOLDENWINGS, Hunstanton. CURTAILMENTS. No. 17. My whole means a jump; if you curtail, A headland will be seen; Take off my tail again, and then A covering 'tis, I ween. W. A. WILLItAIS, Neath. No. 18. An English town if curtailed by you (There is both north and south), An inltruinent of war 'twill bring to view, So, I pray you, find it out. J. PROCTER.
REVERSIONS, No. 19. What means to impede reversed by you Some useful things will bring to view. PRINCen ZAMBIIIIE, Erton. No. 20. .ero Uncookol, I mean: please turn me round The curse of mankind will be found. d No. 21. WBsT My whole means a noose 'Ties light or 'tis loose ; But reverse and then you will find That a kind of game Played with cards 'twill name So farewell now, riddlers kind. W. A. WILLIAMS, leath, CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 22. To unite in wedlock my whole doth mean: The centre delete, and a girl's name is seea. No. 23. Ton, Delete the centre from a kind of tree, And that which is masculine you will see. OMEGRAM. PUT IIJoQ No. 24. What means to look for first put down ; And if you change the tail, Whoen frightened, what we always do, You will have without fail. The change repeat, and you will have What in the night are seen; And if the tail again you change Reverse of weak 'twill mean. ENIGMA. SILVEaTa , No. 25, Ever I'm found, all the year round, On the wide ocean, e'en under the ground; Down in the sea you may find me; Sometismes I'mh lonely, sometimes full of gle3; Without my aid all things would fade, Soon would be rotten, forgotten, decayed; Valued am I equally by Beggars and princes, the low and the h'gh; I am sa strong, all would go wrong ]f to you mortals I did not belong; Wh' re'er you be, surely you'll see Quite unmistakable traces of me; In one moment you will repent, If in a wicked way me you have spent; Some weep and cry at my good-bye, Some treat it calmly, without e'en a sigh; In ev ry street me you may meet, I'm with the policeman on his lone beat; In children's gambols, in lovers' rambles, In the tall t; ees, in the bushes and brambles; Present at all, party or ball Sometimes I'm sweet, sometimes bitter ns gall; Though you have me, please try and see If you can find out this riddle-me-ree. F. W. BINsTEAD. METAGRAMS. No. 26. Two robbers went out one night for a raid, Arrangements beforehand, of course, they had made, So of first they exrectcd a lot; But all through a second which one of them made, They returned to their den looking very dismayed, For of first not one bit had they got. JIm. No. 27. A word that means to thrash change head, And a fishing-boat you'll have insteod. J. S. HIle MAN, Hammersmit'. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 28. My whole a well-known vessel is; '<ut if of tail bereft A well-known animal, I wis, Wi.l certainly be left; Now if it you'll reverse, You'll find 'twill be the same; So now your wits collect, And find for me its name. J. F. O'MAAHONEY. No. 29. A piece of land if you transpose, Caution it will then disclose : Bet, if you please, if you behead, A conveyance you will have instead. B. RoBINSON, Preston. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c, OP LAST WEEK. 1 - B 10.-The letter N. D O N 11. --Mother, moth. P A P E R 12.-Mal or. Mnayo, May. 8 O P H 'I E W 13 -Reel, rebel. D R I L L 14-Road not books alone,. D E N but men. W 15.-Thrush, rush. 2.-David Livingston e. 16.-Pear, ear. Thui : Dover, Alderney, 17.-Stray, tray, ray, ay. Venice, Isabella, Dwarf, 18.-The proof of the p dding London, Ink, Vulture, In- is in the eating. verness, Nugget, Garden, 19.--Dee. Wye. Thus: DeW, Shark, Tradesmen, Orange, ElY, EvE. Ninny, Escape. 20.-Carve, cave, 3.- L 21.-Edinburgh. P I N 22.-Nen. H Y THE 23.-Gurd, drug. I C L 24.-Bear, beak, beat, bean, H beam. P 25.-Dart, art, tar, rat. T I N 26.-Hate, ate, hat, at. L E E D 8 27-Watch. latch. E L M 28.-Chief, thief. D 29 -Bath 4.-These-us. 30 -Nightingale. 5.-Ball-a-try. 31.-Newcast lo. Greenwich, 6.-L-i-on. Brigh'on, Banbury, Taun- 7.-Fox-glove. ton. Stowmarket. 8.-Quarter-day. 32.-Fare, fear. 9.- P E S T E R 33.-Ink, kin. B ES C U B 34.--Ladye Byrde. Thus: P UR S ER Lemen, Attic, David, V E S E L Yellow, Engle, Blread, P I P P I N Yacht, Race, Deign, Eman- ARABIA cipate.