OUR NUTS TO CRACK, I.
A tender mother bids her son farewell, No more a schoolboy nor my first is he ; His beating heart with ardour bold doth swell. A student's life and the wide world to see. IMy second on each trunk and box is shut- My second from amid his curls is cut. At college (where few are, my first you'll find), One bitter foe our hero cloth possess- A foe malicious, idle, and unkind, And jealous of the youth's hard-earned success. This foe, one day, indulging humours worst, Frightens our hero's horse to do my irst. Senseless upon the ground the rider's thrown, And ill at home for weeks he doth remain; Compelled to leave his books and work alone. And lose a scholarship he longed to gain. In angry indignation, voweth he, -is foe a prison's second soon shall see. But as his weakness slowly ebbs away, And strength returning, makes his friends rcjcicee He lingers on the couch each summer's day, I-Iearing his gentle sister's timid voice: A. maid my first. is she, who, with such grace. Reads of my whole-poetic hero base! And ev'ry vengeful feeling Ihat remained, Flies far before illo noble language given: " The quality of mercy is not strained; It droppeth as the gentle rain from heaven." Peace and forgiveness fill her brother's soul, As she reads on the story of my whole. MATncOA:ET aSor o iiAC'iW'c:::E. II. l;URIED TOWNS, CITIES, AND COUNTIES IN E:NLANI'. T'hle road is harder by the hillside. "Although it gives not all men quite their due. The British public hath a mom'ry too." Ophelia believes Hamlet's protestations. Here is a mimic oven, try if it will fit your doll's house. Now will a few inches terminate my work ! Nurse, put Tommy to bed, for disobedience. The masons are making stone walls. The little stream winds ornamentally through the grounds:. I fear Maurice had unstable modes of action. The cause of the clergyman's refusal, is burying her out cl his parish. Did Alice guess the riddle we sent her? Act as thou wilt, only be carefn'l. Beg pardon, sir, but there is so rare a din going on lthat I did not hear the bell. She has spoken truly. And I also, at last, am for doing it. The men stood in water up to their middles. exposed to the enemy's fire. E E. . ,
111. Where was it Christ turned water into wine ? Under what king's good reign did Israel shine? Whom did God send to Isaac as a wife? Who prophesied concerning Jesus' life ? In what sweet valley grow the roses mild ? Who knew the Scriptures from a little child? Who was it that was early called by God ? Who did in Bethlehem shed infantine blood? Over whose death did David sadly mourn? What mount is likened to a unicorn? Whom did God tell their brethren to warn? Upon what town did God rain fire from heaven ? What son to Abraham in old age was given? Instead of whom was Esther brave made queen ? Where did king Pharaoh see the cattle lean ? Who disbelieved that Christ our Lord was risen ? What wicked king beheaded John in prison? To what old priest was little Samuel brought? In what large plain were many battles fought ? From custom business whom did Jesus call? Who was the father of the twelve tribes all? Against what giant did young David fight ? Who did not think that Christ was the true light? What city was defended with great might? Read downwards the initials you here find, And thus see if you cannot call to mind, A promise given us in God's Holy Word, If we obey the precepts of our Lord. HI. VAnLEY. IV. INSECTS, FISHES, AND QUADRUPEDS BROUGHT FROM CLASSIC LAND AND BURIED IN GOOD SOIL. 1. Honour thy father and thy mother. 2. Labour is the parent of glory. 3. Manage to live so as neither to be despised by your superiors, nor dreaded by your inferiors. 4. Coesar dines with Caosar. 5. The growth of a bad germ must be stopped. G, The mind prone to wrath injures the man. 7. To reproach others is not a sign of virtue. S. Clouds, indeed, obscure the sun, but passions, the reason. 9. Honour has been a preceptor to all men. 10. Choose to die honourably rather than to live disgrace- fully. tIONO1A C. GRAHAMr. V. FLORPAL ACROSTIC. "Rosebuds filled with snow." 1. A triple grass with dew-drops streaming." 2. "Constant for ever in leaf and bough." 3, " Fame's bright star and glory's swell, By the glossy leaf . . . are given." 4. " Kiss our feet."' 5. "Beautiful berries." 6. " Come back, with white thorn laden." 7. " Thou that would'st injure none, But would'st be left alone."
8. " The bridal day, the festival, the tomb; Thou hast thy part in each, thou stateliest flower." 0. " Then die ! that she . The common fate of all things rare May read in thee." 10. " Gilded spike, and golden cup." 11. " Snowy-blossomed." 12. " Ready for the harvest home." 13. "How do thy branches, moaning to the blast, Invite the bosom to recall the past." 14. " It scented every breeze that wantoned o'er the stream, Or trembled through the trees to meet the morning beam." The initial letters of the flowers, trees, and plants (rend downwards) in whose honour the above lines are composed will give the name of the tree described in the first line; the fourth letter of the authors' names of each selection (also read downwards) will give the name of the poet who com- posed that line. SAnRA HER IAN.