Our friend H. V. BARWELL to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. One year to the boat race I went, In hopes I'd be able to view it, And I first with that day An old friend on the way, Who assured me I plainly should do it. It may be as well just to state That this friend had a barge on the river, And said he, " By the band I will second you stand; From the crowd your frail form 'twill deliver." He quickly conveyed me unto This barge all so trim and capacious, And then said, with pride, " If you third by the side, You'll see better." Said I, "How sagacious !" Now I stood there on viewing intent- The barge was soon crammed to o'erflowing. Said my friend, " I've five score; If I take any more, We shall all to the bottom be going." A " swell" stood on board by my side, A "swell" who was rather notorious, Said I, " If you're willing, I'll fourth you a shilling That Oxford will come off victorious." The crews at this moment were seen, Which on board caused excitement and crushing, As they past us did dash, I fell in with a splash, Which was caused by the violent pushing. And when to the surface I came, I was helped up on board in great pain, sirs, In a precious fine mess, And quite last. You may guess I'll ne'er go to the boat race again, sirs. H. V. BARWELL. CHARADE. No. 2. To battle, hark ! the bugle sounds, The sleeping camp awakes, Each warrior's heart expectant bounds As battle's morning breaks. In last equipped, the gallant band Is marching to its fate, Upon the plain where, hand in hand Linked, Death and Glory wait. The cannon fierce on wings of first Speed forth the deadly ball, And by my whole the shot dispersed Works many a comrade's fall. Press closer I Hotter grows the fight! Charge forward ! Cleave the way! With British cheers we reach the height, And victory claims the day. T. L. HEnRr. ENIGMA. No. 3. John Bull, despite his honoured name, From jealous-eyed relations Oft gets his rightful share of blame, As well as other nations. Their criticism none would spoil Who say his pride is strong; But when they cry "He is too loyal," I think they must be wrong. For what would our tradespeople do P Would there be any news P You have to pay so much, you know, For things the royalty use. And your attention now to gain, I should not perhaps be able, Did I not greater fame attain And grace the royal table. My name and fame for years have stood; My ancestors, you'll see, Once graced the board of John the Good, A Duke of Burgundy. When James was numbered with your kings, You first our use did test, Though he said we were silly things And liked his fingers best. Our use for many years you've seen, Though it has puzzled me That we have not supplanted been By the machinery. Though made of silver, wood, and bone, Our form is still the same. Now, folks, it is for you alone To tell me what's my name. ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway. DECAPITATIONS. No. 4. The loud and awfulthunder roared, Gleamed many a lightning first, The rain to earth in borrents poured- It seemed as heaven had burst. Like second of slave-driver's whip, The lightning curled around A huge third tree, that tottered and Then fell upon the ground. C. A. CLARKE. No. 5. My first, a wader good, In meadow may be seen, Now searching for its food By scratching up the green; Sometimes on the sea.shore, Aquaitic life to find, To feed the nestling's store And strengthen its young kind. Behead my first, and now You see one to admire, Truly manly. Buthow. Can second all acquire ? A just, kind, and sincere One meets with friends all round; Thd young and old revere My second when he's fomund. E. C. ]Avr.
DECAPITATION. No. 6. While walking to the town one day, I looked towards the sky, And there I did, to my disnay, My stormy first espy. And soon I heard the thunder last, And saw the lightning's flame, Whilst on my 'fenceless body fast The beating torrent came. I sped me forward to obtain The shelter of an inn; But soon 'twas over, and again My journey did begin. T. L. HEMERT. QUOTATION REBUS. No. 7. '. J. STOKOE. ENIGMA. No. 8. To mother earth I owe my birth, Though man gives form and name, Strange shapes I bear, yet everywhere My purpose is the same. I'm proud, reserved, for not unsought Do I my charms bestow. By nature cold, a breath will oft Cause me with heat to glow. In councils grave, in pleasures light Attention I engage; And equally I can delight The infant and the sage. By some denounced, by some extolled, Both friends and foes abound, In every clime, with young or old Of every grade I'm found. Then what am I that thus doth take Such active part in life's wide field P With rich or poor no diff'reuce make, My charms to all who seek I yield. GEORGIUS. REBUS. No. 9.
MAUDE FRANCIS. CHARADE. No. 10. In this glad month all naiture wears A pleasant, smiling face, And next wild flowers of ev'ry hue The woods and valleys grace. A part of London whole will show; I'm sure you all its name must know. GWENLLIAN. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 11. Now flashing as silver, now gleaming as gold, Now dark'ning to copper, my form you behold; My centre take from me, and then you will see You make me your dinner, your supper, and tea. T. L. ItEnani. SQUARE WORDS. No. 12. First is a common flower, , Also a maiden's name; When you capsize a chair You second turn the same; He does my-next who views And has the power of sight; My fourth it means before. And now I'11 say good night. Wt SAUNDERS, Powmill.
ACROSTICAL REVERSION, No. 13. Introduction. Come, friends, gather round me and read this reversion Which I have constructed for each one's diversion.; To find out the answer will surely not bore you, For as an acrostic I've placed it before you. In the words called "foundation" you quickly will see That the answer is given as clear as can be; But the " cross words" will help you much quicker to find Out the same-so, Young Folks, kindly bring them to mind. And when this you have done, you will find, I avow That the primals to you will the first plainly show And the finals, read backwards, the next bring to new, Now I think I have rendered it plain unto you. Foundation Words. Old Farmer Tomkins had a son Who was a terror to each one That lived upon the farm; If ever there was mischief done, Poor Tomkins junior was the one Suspected of the harm. Now Tomkins was in learning slow-- At least, his father thought him so, So unto him did say, "Next week you shall to primals go, Which is a famous school, you know. From learning do not stray." The week passed speedily away, And very soon arrived the day When Tomkins must begone. His father said, "Tom, don't delay To send a finals, just to say How you are, getting on." Cross Words. Now, when at primals he arrived, The books he'd been despising He found were nothing so bad As he had been surmising. He vowed he would attention pay, And learn his books with pleasure, And keep his first well open when He roamed about at leisure. Said he, " I'll ne'er the second play, But be in time each morning; I'll rise as this sweet, pretty scene Bright Phoebus is adorning. And when I have my lessonslearnt, To school I'll gladly hie, And then to third all other boys I'll have a good hard try. "And I expect, if thus I strive To do my duty well, I shall some day a great last be,' And in a mansion dwell." Alas for expectations great, And vows he could not keep II For he at ten next morn was found In bed and fast asleep I H. V. BTWELL. CHARADES. No. 14. My first is whence the wind must blow To waft th' explorer to his home, When from the icy polar seas He flees, his native seas to roam. My second by the artist's hand Is used to show a wintry scene, Or to depict the autumn leaves That sadly hide the summer's green. Wheo, after being tossed about, The sailor brave perceives my third, He feels that all his cares are o'er, And darling's voice will soon be heard. Now go to where we get good coal, This English county is my whole. C. B. SrITs. No. 15. Three children on the platform stood And waited for the train That was to whole from country joys To bear them back again. The day was lovely, first, and warm. "Howmnch I wish," sighed May, "That we to whole need not return For just another day !" Just then the train appearedin sight, They all in haste got in, And next their journey quickly sped. My whole's these lines within. GwENLLIdN. SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. When marketing and goods are this You are content, my prettymiss; Boys should be this, nor wanting rules If they possess a box of tools; A famous witch in olden days, Who, it is safd, a ghost could raise; Do this yoitr Makdr every day, And for His mercy always pray; Long, long ago those fires were seen, And victims on them oft have been. These five words when in order placed, Across or down each may be traced. P. M'CALL, Dublin.