Our friend W. D'AnRT=m to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. L
I've sat down to write you a riddle, But hardly know what I'm to say: Still, if you, my young friends, do command me, I have nothing to do but obey. So please now to find the first letter, It isn't in earth, nor in sky ; In baby, I think, you may find it, And brother as well, if you try. My next is a kind of an instrument, With fishers it is to be found : And always is used whene'er they may go Where shoals of nice fish do abound. For the next, I've a little girl's name, A pretty one, too, l'll confess: I'm not going to tell you the secret, Or you'd very soon easily guess. Now a nice little, tight little country, Its neighbours are Holland and France, And Germany, too, I may mention ; Of course you've found this at a glance, Now I'll give you a word that's quite easy, " To ponder." Now what does that mean ? Ah, now I have caught you, I'm thinking, So you see, after all, I'm not green. My sixth is a bright, shining fellow, His glad 'war.th with all he does share; Now find this out all by yourself, please, If you don't, I shall say it's not fair. And here you may find the last letter,, To add to ybur troub!e still more, In broom, I think you may see it. Also with "The Man at the Noro." You have only to read down the centrals To find out the gist of this rhyme; And if you should think this has pleased you, I'll write one at some future time. W. D'ABTaEY, ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. A brave and gallant heroine Will surely come to sight, If the initials are by you Put down and read aright. Cross Words. One-fourth of vine, One-fomurth of line, And then one-sixth of plight; One-fourth of peel, One-fourth of reel, A serpent brings to sight. One-fourth of sing. And then one-fourth of fame; One-ihirdl of rat, One-third of cat, Will show a Jewish name. One-fourth of vale, One-fourth of male, And then one-fifth of lover; One-fourth of vice, One-fourth of rice, Will show a kind of cover. One-third of ink, One-fourth of sink, And th n one-fourth of hose; One-fourth of cake, One-fourth of make, Will an English town disclose. One-fifth of dance, One-fifth of lance, And then one-fifth of night; One-fourth of race, One-fourth of face, A name will bring to sight. One-fourth of hand, One-fourth of land, And then one-fourth of blow; One-third of cob, One-fourth of knob, An Indian prindt will show, One-fourth of hate, One-fourth of gate. And then one-fourth of grey;. One-fourth of lane, One-fourth of cane, Will show a bird of prey. T. DRAKE, Stratford. HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 3.-1. Does Charles want his hat? 2. Alexander went to Paris. 3. Kitty never could learn to play the harp 4. Did you think the band on the pier played well ? 5. Has Con gone out ? 6. Oh, I owe you money, do I ? 7. tHave you been in our fine grotto ? 8. Either you or Angelina must go 9. He began gesticulating violently. 10. The streets were, actually clothed in dust.-E. CAuTER, Yorkshire. HIDDEN FLOWERS. No. 4.-1. "She walked up to the days"-you had read as far as that? 2. He fell over the step. Inukstand and all fell down with a crash. 3. He has now dropped your nice new book on to thu floor. 4. Fill it up to the top rim, Rosey. 5. Is that your little dog, Vi ? O let me take him out for a run. 6. Is that he, Pat ? I cannot see very plainly through these trees. 7. There is a piece of tape on your dress. Emily. 8. "Ha. rebel l liar!" shrieked the king. 9 I think that is William standing in the porch-is it not ? 10. When you have finished drawing-that, put in the mast, Ernest. 11. What a rumbling noise that waggon makes I 12. I did not go all over the camp. I only saw part of it.-LOTTY W. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. From a distinguished personage The centre now delete, If you have what is left, I'm sure Your motions will be fleet. J. MYERS, Dalton-ln-Furness.
VERBAL CHARADES. No. 6. My first is in chocolate, but not in. cream ; My second's in moon, but not in beam:. My third is in England, but not in Spain; My fourth is in idiot, though not in sane; My fifth is in December, but not in June; My sixth is in plain, but not in prune; My seventh's in Harry, but not in Ted; My eighth is in silver, but not in lead. Now if you place these letters aright, What we all enjoy 'twill bring to s ght. ANON. No. 7. My first is in pen, My second's in hen. My third you'll find in fear; My fourth is in land, My fifth is in sand, And my sirth you'll find in tear; My seventh's in know, My eighth is in trow. And my whole a sort of bird will $how. LILY. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. ANON. CURTAILMENTS. No. 9. A kind of vehicle if you curtail, Another kind of vehicle you'll have without fail. J. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. No. 10. A piece of wood if you curtail, A friend you'll then have without fall. W. A. WILLIAMs, Neath. PUZZLE. No. 11. One-fourth of meal, One-fourth of deal, Also one-fourth of slip; One-fourth of turn, One-fourth of burn, S.- A- '.. , ...:.. - Also, one-fifth -ofQ tlip>, :.:.-, ,r . bu r ný,- .... One-fourth of tray, One-fourth of grey, And then one-fourth of hand. If rightly joined, you'll surely find - A city in Scotia's land. POTHOOK. REBUS. No. 12.
ýIp LOTTY W., Brighton. DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. A country in Europe if you behead, Another country you'll have instead. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. No. 14. A town in Ireland if you twice behead, Another one you'll have instead. MAY COHEN. No. 15. A prickly shin Eurobpe if you'l please behead, AnTo rove loosely you'll have instead; Behead again, and if done right, To move easily will come to sight. MR. WINKLE. TRANSPOSITIONS. No.16. My whole's a piece of broad. I trow; Transpose, a colt it then will show. W. A. WILLIAms, Neath.. No. 17. A kind of metal if you tlnspose behead, An Emglish town it will disclose. PoTOO.TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 16. If you a Russian town transpose, a town in Turkey it will disclose. J. PR , eaTOR. No. 19. Sweet summer brings thee in thy form so fair, Love's declaration, purest I declare; Transposed, 'twill bring me pain-and anguish deep, For 'tis so tender, robs me of my sleep. G. GRANT, Bayswater.
OHARADES. No. 20. My first is bright and round, Or thus it ought to be; It often may be .found Upon a part of me. My second is a bird, By nature meek and mild: Its name you've surely hoard, 'Tis known to every child. My whole may oft be seen, * Upon a summer's day. SUp in the trees so green, Or on the wing at play. .. No. 21. CocINGr , W0 ieh, On the hot, sandy beach, 'midst the children at h A lady stands gazing aloft at the skies. tpY, When suddenly, quickly, she turneth away, The light of my first has quite dazzled her eye To escape from my first and his wearying heat, She searcheth for second along the seashore; But in vain, for wherever she turneth her feet My first doth still worry and dazzle her morem So. finding no second upon the hot sands, And yet wishing there on the beach to remain She puts up Bmy whole, which she holds in her ha And fresh, cooling second doth quickly obtain. No. 22. . B Take a word of ten letters, With syllables three Then plainly'an officer's title you'll see; 'ree Divided, my first shows one stands in his place And if well qualified will entail no disgrace. My second will probably name the right age f some who are reading this riddling page; f wisdom you're seeking, then study my third, An example to which you are safely referred. J. L., Lambeth, CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 23. Delete the centre from a kind of thread And something hot you'll have instead. No. 24. POTIIOL When whole, this names an officer who Keeps criminals in control; But take the centre clean away, 'Twill leave a well-known fowl; It also names a country where The dogs of war now howl. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furnea. M-ETAGRAM. No. 25. A packet or bundle if you change head, A valley you will see instead ; Change head again, and then, you'll own, It is a hurricane or-cyclone; Repeat the. processif not wrong, A kindiif ilbbfage-imeetsiyour sighe, If odice iore it is change aright; Again change head,..and you will see A humanbeing it will be; Once more, t will, I'm sure, proclaim For whitish or pallid another name; Still change head, without mistake, A place of business it will make: When changed again, I know your able To see a novel or a fable: Alter once more, and then full well You'll see a dingle or a dell; 8till repeat the-same, and you Will bring a kind of stripe to view. J. G. BAKER, Loadoa LOGOGRIPHS. No. 28. A river in England if you behead, What tenants pay you'll have instead; Again behead, and then-transpose, And a number it will disclose; Reverse this number if you choose, And 'twill give what fishermen useo. T* PoToO. No. 27. I'm black and I'm white, Most graceful to sight : If deprived of my head, I am pale; f my. second you shear, Indefinite I appear; I'm indefLnite still without tail. J. S. HICKMAN, Hammersmith. SQUARE WORD. No. 28.--That which burns ; a metal; a path ; the conclua sions.-J. Lov n, Weaverthorpe. ANSWERS TO RIDDIES, &o., OF LAST WEE1 . 1.--Purn-i-shed. 15.-Parma. 2.--Prince Goldenwings. 16.-Two heads are better Thus: Palace Rat, Iron, . than one. Nose, . Cow. Eagle, Glass,- 17.-Did. Owl, London, Den, Eng- 18e.-Work-house. land. Neptune, Whale, Ink, 19.-Ma-son. Nelson, Gold-mith, Ship. 20.--Polo, pool. 3.-D:ary." 21.--Line, Nile. 4.--Vnptriloquism. 22.-Queen Lunar, A. F. 5.- _ S Phillips. Thus: Quiloe 'B I T UmbeR, EntraP, Exmotim, G T U NgamI, LibeL, Unfurl, S Ti hA G -I R T NarayanI, AsP, RoseS. S I N GAPO l E. 23.-" Macbeth." " Hmlet - R E BS P ,.C T "Pericles," "Measure HO D, Measure." "The Tempe.' ----P R - "As YouLike It," "Richard E 1E the Third." 6.--Moor, roomh. 24.-On-i-on. 7.-Deliver, reviled. 25:-Last. 8.-Flow, wolf. 26.-Sabre, bear, ear. 9.--Breamn; ream. 27.-Nile. line, lie. 10.--HoUse, ouse. 2-8.-Horse, hose. l11.-Coats, oats. . 29.--Dower doer. 12.--Pine, pin. 30.--Mallet, pallet. 13.l-Whenheads meet,hearts 31.-Coach, poach, roach, differ. 32.--Ba~rd, hard, 14.--8wallow.