Our friends BINSTEAD AND D0Y16t ILL to.day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACBOSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Wofds. How the stealner pitched and tossed When thisst6rmy seak Lorossed I How I wished that I could stand Once ioidebii thid flii dry laiid! Oross Words. WPhatgbeat light. isti ithi nuriini With such brilliance tliat it tuins D )akest night to brightest day P Tell me what it ise I pray. When the winter-time comes round, In its idy mantle boulhd, Then this freezing wind will blow, Bringing us the frot iand snow. In far countries, where abound Forests tall, my thilds are founmid But I think you'll find them, too, In that well.known place-the Zoo. A dead language is my next, Many a schoolboy I've perplexed; Fifth's a mineral that's tqund Buried underneath the ground. Sitii;and seventh are combined-- Botli ido our b6t youi'll fihd. Now'I'll say gk'dd.bye, dear friends, For 'tie here my riddle ends. BNsTran ADND CRoism LLa. - POLPHONE. No. 2. Ambition is now satisfied; For that which was so long denied, For which in infancy we've cried, To get at which we've often tried, At length we have obtained. Know, then, that we, our parents' boys, Have reached the chief of earthly joys By having guns-real guns, not toys- With which, be sure, we make a noise; Our'ardour's niot restrained. We play at soldiers, blow aliarms; We drill, march, fire, also, first arms, Besiege some towns, iid take some farms At Waterloo, you know. Soon warms Our young blood with the fray. I think that you may want to know How guns we got to battle so. . I'll tell you (but I've soon to go). As nexts we them obtained, I trow; So now I've liad my say. Bunt what is this P Awhile I'll stay Ere finally I go away. At this third tiiite I'm not at play, Because I'm writing. So, good day; My pen aside I lay. IsRAEL ZAQawILLm SQUARE. WORDS. No. 3. I love to sit beneath this tree And watch the skylark flit above, To hear her sing her song of love In sweet and matchless melody. I love to hear the tinkling sound Of wether bell or shepherd's flute Waft up my next so soft, now mute, Then swell in echoes allparound. I love to see the golden grain That bows and bends before the winds ; When ripe, last outs it down, and binds It up in sheaves upon the plain. AUGUsTA F. PnEIFrrn, ENIGMA. No. 4. Dancing on the brooklet, Lurking in a face, Shining on a daisy, Me you oft may trace ; And upon the ocean With the waves I play, Making shine with silver All the dazilliig spray. You can plainly see me, Btt; though small am I, Still you cannot grasp me Nor lift me if you try; Vanishing when sunlight Behind the dark cloud glides; Only in the brightness My light form abides. F~rossiu B., Manchester. HIDDEN TOWNS. &7o. 5. The sun is shiniig blight on ihi; A glid day this will bb. Get up I Arise, and nin our boat; We'll sail upon the sea. There is no wind so rough to blow, No waves to cause us dread. So no niore slumber I linger not, But quickly leave your bed 1 Upon the ieiifdmni each and all A joyous shdut is heard. . So pull on-do not lot us stay; We'll iico the r'ild ieri.blrdr DECAPITATION. No. 6. I am a tobher on the Sea Behead, anr I shall furious be; Agaiu beqdl me, and aprice Yo'dfli'nm iun tuic ; ............. J -3·l - -IIIJI..... 7 1 ' "*"1 .· . rrrl*~··~III
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 7. Foundation Words. Read primals and finals carefully down, They'll show two riddlers of renown; My primals' will a lady's name proclaim, And finals will show a gentleman's name. Cross Words. Attention pay, and if you're in the mood, Please write me down an'article of food.l On second in winter the horses feed, And it will show' to you a kind of seed. A plant this is in foreign lands 'tis found; Its liame you all have heard of, I'll be bound. An encouraging word this is, you'll say, Especially to our.young riddlers gay. My next's composed:of letters four; 'Tis what the heathens do adore. In sixth you'll surely see, I ween, What's often heard but never seen. My last we could not do without, So now please try and find it out. S. ROBINSON, CHARADE. No. 8. Far away in the north, where cold winds blow, All covered with diamonds and with snow, Where the Swede and the Russe togqther dwell, My first is the tree-'tis cold winter's kniell Of a bitter clime and a killing frost. But down in the south, where the warm winds blow, Where corn is gathered and my seconds grow, 'Tis a fruit like my whole-a luscious fruit, And liked by most people whose tastes 'twill suit; They look for its fruit in an autumn's sun. BoLERo. ENIGMA. No. 9. My date of existence I scarcely can tell; Though strange you think, truly'I know In all-undertakings I'm sure to.excel, . And that I'll endeavour to show. Supposing, for instance, the good days of old Are compared with the present, you'll see How secret I work, what strange things I unfold Unto all that have dealings in me. Now men of high learning have taken great pains To bring me before the world's gaze. In their anticipations they partly have gained, Though I've often put them in a maze. At the gleat Exhibition that's lately been held With success at the famed Champ de Mars I've gained highest hono6us, distinction, aidd fame Throukh improvements I've made of late years. And now cast your eyes on the grim battlefield, Where tcores of brave hearts may be found, My death.dealing agents you'll find are engaged In spreading daetruction around. Now, last, yet not least, is the great phonograph That may to my list be annexed; Sometimes I can fancy I hear the world say, What will I s'urprise them with next P MESSns. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 10. If we wish to pass a happy life, Let's 5, 4, 7, 7, 8 be, And 1, 7, 8 to do our best , From sorrows-to keep free Fortwhils~tve are 3, 6, 7, 4 By trials we're led astray; So leBfis stiike the 2, 8, 7, 4, And-drive our cares away. My 7, 3,85, 5,6.istone, . And;Imuntst say adieun But ere Igo,1I fain must give My ldndl~yfriends a clue; My whole will furnish to your sight- But.breathe it not aloud-- A cei~t6i&B idget puzzl9r .. Of whom we well are proud. CHARiLES H. Bon'. REV ERSION. ho. 11. Where this is found it is a dread To travellers all around, And more so in the winter.time, When snow is on the ground. Reverse it now, and then'twill show What streams and rivers do. Hoping both w-irds you soon will find, I'll say good.-bye to you. J. G. LAMBERT, MONOPHONE. No. 12. My mother for a walk did go, With a first around herneck; Bu she soon camn in, with cheeks aglow, And unto me didýbeck. Said she, ":The wind's so very next, Ii oCuld ! ,ot stay out long; no you muist.goto Mrs. Best, And take with you this song." M2ETAGRAM. . . lo ',~3. i When a storm's raging a:ea you'll often spy me Soaring up in the'heav'nsio high.,. If you'll just change my head, what darts in its stead P A small bag you'll surely descry. . C. R. GonRINGIa. CENTRAL DELETION., No. 14. . . A fishing.hoat my wheivll lie; Then take, if you iar'ble;',,. My centre'out} adoii'Willsee ATkind of airog sl B' o'. T. DricrsoN, Cookstown.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 15. For first a letter take from game;" My second sure aboy'will name; A town in Russia next you'll:see;' What means compressed-in flftli will be; My sixth a joiner's tool will show; My last's a fifth part of aglow. Centrals, if read aright, will. name A Budget hero great in fame. BOB WATT. CHARADE. No. 16. The centre of a blade of grass My first will bring to view* My second now iftyou'llput down A treat would be for you. The next we always do at balls, Wherever they may be; And some have riches in my whole, As you will plainly see. T'jeBEE LirTLE KrTENS PROVERB REBUS. No. 17. AI PoT Hoor REVERSION. No. 18. A portion of an acre, when Reversed, will bring to sig t An entrance to a house, which I Am sure is' closed at night. J. O'BRIrnn SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. To disguise my first implies; My second, t be in ain : On the sot my~thiid ieut ; And fourth is toretain . ' 'W. EDMONDSON
PROVERB REBUb. No. 20. fi' \I. T. DICKsoN, Cookstown. PUZZLE STANZA. r No. 21. .. Holusd lunacmy tiliw gnoute'fo sap Lasef semrio ot ep it, Eb htis yht' itotobrfo tlp eht swap Aackstt eht raisteftiifri. S G. MAODONaLD.