Our friend W.KEILLY to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAEM. No. 1.
'Tis the time of cheerless winter, And the snow is falling fast; While around first door and window Howls the baffled hungry blast. Hark! I hear that second, sullen- Hear the sound full well I know High above the storm's wild tumult. Through the blinding mist of snow. Then into the stormy midnight With a beating heart I gaze, Till a ship thirds for an instant Through the giddy whirling maze. She is hurled among the breakers By the cruel icy wind, And to final swiftly hurried, While the tempest roars behind. W. KELLY, Islington. CHARADE. No. 2. The sky was flecked with clouds of white, The air was sweet with the scent of hay, When Robin and Ellen, his lady fair, Came over the hills good-bye to say; For Robin he loved the first, and he Could boast of naught but an honest name; But Ellen; a lady born was she, And loved bold Robin all the same. Well, over the hills they came, I said, And her eyes were wet with tears of woe, But he laidhis hand on her curly head, And whispered, "'Tis for your sake I go." "Then give me a flower, dear heart,," she cried, "To cherish when you are far from me." He a cornflower plucked from the hedge-side, And said, " Let this your keepsake be. "'Tis only a second wild, I know, But it is the sailor's colour-blue; And when you look on it 'twill show That I am always true to you." And she took the flower with wondrous grace, And kissed its dewy petals bright, Then turned and hid her blushing face- And Robin sailed away that night. The months sped by till they numbered ten, And Robin came not from the sea; And Ellen mourned awhile, and then There came a lover more grand than he, Who told how Robin had died; and so, When the stranger wooed, her lips said "Yes," Though her heart cried loudly, " No! ah, no! You love poor Robin none the less !" Her bridal morn dawned clear and bright, And Ellen looked both sweet and fair, Though many wondered at the sight Of a bunch of cornflowers in her hair. And there came a guest to her wedding gay, Who, uninvited, had entered in, And who, with face so worn and grey, Beheld the feast and heard the din. Then the next morn some fishers found A man upon the wet sand dead, And the seagull hoarsely screamed around, And the whole was twined about his head; And the people knew it was Robin bold, And marvelled much that he had died On the day a wealthier man than he, Had won false Ellen for his bride, ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway. ENIGMA. No. 3. Home for the holidays at last! And, oh, I'm very glad My classic-studying days are past! And here's my mami and dad. Here's Jessie, too, and both the boys, And little sister Sal, The sharer of my childhood's joys- In fact, my greatest " pal.", She has not changed one whit, dear child, Nor grown one half.inch more; She's just as gentle and as mild As she was two years before. The last time that I had seen Jack We'd had a mighty "burst," And I had thrown him on his back And caused his nose to first. But now-my I what a next he's grown! And quite as tall as I, While Sam is yet all skin and bone,. And Jessie's just as shy. And now that I've described them all, And noted how they look, I think I'll let my tired pen fall, And close my diary book. NOVA FEMINA. PALINDROME. No. 4. Produce your maps and search for me: In Ireland I am found, A town of Leinster famed I be, On old historic ground; I spell the same, as you will see, If you but turn me round. Deprived of head and tail, behoI Another town-how strange! To visit me if you're so bold, Far, far you'll have to range; And now turn round this famed stronghold, You'll find it will not change. S P. M'CiLa, Dublin. MONOPHONE. No. 5. FIRST. Perhaps you've oft heard tell of me, A jolly.hearted soul, Who, with his dear companions three, I)rank from his well-lllea bowl; And thus on this gay company Old Time his presence stole. s5E.oD .. A substance hard and dark am I, But still give people light,. . And in the breast of earth I lie, Concealed from' liuiiansight, Till prying eyes my presence spy STo make your homesteade bright. . *PEMO4Lr, Dub.lin
CHARADE. No. 6. In olden times, when men took such delight In.shedding human blood with all their might, When forward rode the brave To slay the recreant knave, I always went before him to'the fight. And when he'd thrashed the coward black and blue (As heroes in nice stories always do), If, when he went to slay, The thrashed one ran away, I went before the dastard as he flew. Young Folks, may you e'er know kind Fortune's kiss, Which brings such stores of happiness and bliss; And may you never know The suffering of woe, But always have existence bright and this. How pleasant, in the lovely month of May, To wander through the meadows all the day, And spend the sunny hours In culling scented flow'rs To form a this, and bear it on your way I BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL, REBUS. No. 7. / , W., H. BIRD, Holloway. TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. Luckless Christian martyrs' fate, In an age of woe and hate. Oft at lunch.time gives delight To my longing appetite. Poet of sad fate, forsooth;' Cold death took him in his youth. Jack Frost's terror this destroys-- Splendid sport for girls and.boys. BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. REVERSION. No. 9. This is a far-famed college;, But if reversed aright, What we oft pen and send to friends Will then appear in sight. W. H. BIRD, Holloway. REBUS. No. 10.
C. FnASE, Woolwich. METAGRAM. No. 11. I'm an animal; now change my head, Kind.watchfulness I show instead; Change head' again, and now I'show A quadruped that we all know; Repeat the change, and if done right, Defiance it will bring to sight;,. Repeat the change, I've clothing none; . To rough-skinned fruit next shnuld be done; Change'head again, and-yoti will see 'Deniadedbyajineni 'twill be;' Some kinds of China'snext; I ween, Change head, a famous town is seen; Change head-but, there,.no more. I'll say .. Farewell.- A. STSNToN, Holloway. LOGOGRIPH. .No. 12. To stiror. to awake fromlsleep , My whole iwillsignify; , But tao its centreoui, and then S"A'flowere you'll desory :"' " . Now this das sei, atd t 1 Mvew ....It'quidkly' wii dislay ' ,o i e" - What evry hurt orwoun4n illbe. Whatristheanswer, ay.. ....... ;. ., 2. 2·-OB~a, *· /~·. · . ; ·.·. . · ~ ·
CHARADES. No. 13. There was a man who lived at whole-a marvello was he; arvellou man His respected mother has told me so o'er many a cup of tea. If I but told you half he'd done, What partly done, and what never begun- Why, that he was a marvellous man I thinkyou'd all agree. One time, when he frit came to whole, his townsfolk a were frantic With enthusiasm to hear that he once swum across the Atlantic; And 'twas quite true, for at New York, while on a visit, he Had swum in a swimming.bath, and that was across the Atlantic-see P the Well, once he would a-shooting go, but ere abroad he went, He vowed a first of fifty brace would not his gun content, "Inglqrions !" to his comrades he thus scornfully riod. "or you i That may suffice; but thrice that sum I'd blush with shame to do." .wtba Oft to the moors he went, elate, twelve boxes in his train, With hundredweights of last and "puff" upon the grouse to rain ; His train dragged in a truck behind some eighty hampers trim, To holdfthe feathered slaughtered.ones doomed to be slain by him.t Now home again Sir Nimrod came when shooting time was o'er; But the hampers trim that had hampered him were empty as before - The town, the mayor, and aldermen, with bands of music sweet, Had come, with flags and banners bright, the hero great to greet; But all, the town, the mayor, and every aldermanic buffer, On seeing the empty baskets, swore that Nimrod was a "duffer." " Missed every last !" his conradeslaughed. Townsmen, not so " he cried. "In me as your great champion last lose not your honest pride., I hit each time ! No plume nor carcase can be shown-not one; But thastjust shows the wondrous feats of shooting I have done. That not a feather could be seen was ocular demonstration That every individual bird was blown from off creation i" * E. S. HOPE, Liverpool, No. 14. My first are numerous on this page; For value nexi's'a name ; Combined they show a poet sage, Who earned enormous fame. J. G. LAiunar, ENIGMA. No. 15. Now, riddlers dear and bards profound, For you a'riddle I'll propound, And for the errors in the same, My'muse, and not mysielf; you'll blame. In you, dear friends,'I do' abound,' In quadrupe'ds I'm alt. founid The plants and herbs if searched by you Willalso' bring me to your view. You'll find mein' the lovely'rose,. Also in ev'ry flower that'!giows, I'm often seen upon the sea ; You use me when you're at your tea. In'every litchen: you llldescry Me., Now 'tis,tiiiie my theme to close; These hihts the 'nswer will disclose. Dear'Young Folki;who or whatam IP T. O'CoNNon, Kinsale. TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. ' 1 If you a certain kind of seed' Guess right, and then transpose, It changes to a luscious fruit Which everybodyknows. , , W. H. BraD, Holloway, CURTAILMENT. No N 17., My whole means to survey; But please take off the end, And then with me you'll all agree I shall mean to contend, E. Howaes. DECAPITATION. No. 18. That this means noisy you'll agree; But now decapitate it twice, Lo ! there you have it in a trice, What lasses to their swains shonldbe. C. FI:ASEI. SQUARE 'VORDS. .. No. 19. For first just fihd'alcolour bright, Though neitlidr red nor; green; Instruction, learning, bring to sight; A river, third, is se u;.. For fourthesome fish pray call to mind, A luscious dish they'll make. And nova perfect square you'll find, .: : If there is no mistake. P. M'CALL, Dublin. .. . .. ·