Oar friend V. R. CARLOSS to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHAR \DIE. No. 1. Richard Tate was a sample of sin:ple young men; For, although he'd been cautioned again and again, When a clerk in the firm of Greenncre and I enn, He dictated his terms. abdicate his pen. And was brainless and firstless as when he was ten ; Though some twenty-two . ears he had reckoned. He had seen very little (between you and me), So he thought to see miore he had best go to sea, bnd thus fr ee from home-rule, lead a life that was free. Po he busied hinmselt like the busiest bee (A tremendous effort for one up a tree), To raise wealth 'neath the rays of my secold. When he left his few friends (he in friendship was weak), He was tongue-third; in vain he endeavoured to speak, Though my third, when the ship sailed, was high in the creek, And he scarce could be ocared by the fear of a leak, For the ship. although modern, was all oak and teak. But he thought not of danger, he thought net of prayers, No affair, e'en of State, in ti is state of affairs Could have made him care more or care less for his cares; By my firsts he was really forsaken. lie takes leave of his senses; of him we take leave. While we leave his relati. ns to mourn and to grieve, And pursue our relation, which nou will perceive Or discejn is more meant to describe than deceive. 'Tis my whole and I lie scene a ill be seen to be gay Each gay spark gaily dre seil on this gay gala day, Or guy Seas, n, perhalps 'teould be better to say, Since a week for this holiday's taken. V. It. CARLnos, Birkenhead. MONOPHONE. No. 2. Come, Yoing Folks, join me now with one accord, And let our hearty thanks at once be given To T. L. IHEMERY, who to afford A new amusementhath i o kildly striven, And right weII striven, that I will avow ; So in a vote of thanks come join ie now. In fancy, then. I thought I heard a cheer. Now, was it one, or was I but in staken ? I t ,cy. it we could but all meet here, These paper wall- with thunder would be chakcu. iu' to our firiend I lhlue a ou all have dono Full justice foI hi laurels nobly won. So now with his invention I'll make free, A nd try to help to get it ciiculation, And if I'In in the( first, then I 'hall be In fear of neither truth nor tribulation; But if a heal you add,'twill show the name Of a mechanic still pronounced the same. Still further can its ninme be useful made, Although th' orthography hero rather changes, For now a ceremonial act 'tis said Is this, which now belore your vision ranges, With added head, I last before I send These lines for 3our lerusl. Now I'll end. J. MYiEes, Dalton-in-Furness. ARITHIMOREM. Please write 156 And s, o. , e, r, l, k, A Budlget heiro's name will then Youlr efforts great rep ,y. 201 for next write down, And thi cc a's placed aright; 'I hese letters properly arranged, A plant will bring to sight. For third please write 501, Then add n,a, r, p; An ancient poet's name, my friend, Without eoubt you will see. 551 now take, And then t ree-fourths of play; These letters, \ hien they're placed arigh t, Mean pale, you'll doubtless say, 50, now please take down, i ou:r-sxths li hItour to o; A iliiuky fellow'. ibject now Will surely c(i,nu to view. 1001, my frieudl, comes next; A uneasuroof wine now and, Also ai n; and now you'll see A scene of carnage sad. Oblige by writing 55, Two rs', two e's, and y; A word which means carousal now Will surely meet your e3 e. For last put down the number 10, One-half of Stiuss x, and an e ; An Enuglish cou,,ty now, my friend, You cortlaily will see. l'rimals and finals tame a pair Of procious stones of beauty rare. EReeiST WILCsos', 1,r l'es,. ACt'LOSTlC, No. 4. ,+or ; ollt .(,v W.)',7s. I i iprimals, read aright by you, A Budget hero you will view. Cross Wm*ds. A Grecian here this will hail, Also a famous Budget tale. A Spanish fruit this shows to you, Also a colour y..u will view. A Christian name to sight 'twill bring, And also name an glish king. An old Lrd Mayor in this yo I'll see, Many large buildings are mad: o£f ls. Thi- is a garden of ancient fame, Also a river it will name. An English lake this shows to yo:, And a river also you will view. Water surrounded by land this shbws, Also a colour it will disdlose. A coman who lived in my fifth you'll Se0; The clos of day 'twill also be. An English town in this you'll view; But now I'll have to bid adies. J. Palu;sII.
LU0O Ri1'Pa I. lyv whole, I think, you'll find to be A -taten of distres or dittie:t. ; If youl ': me o hea:d herOlcvvi'. A sign of tmlolurltn then I'll 1Have; Sli:ea aguain, if y'u 'ake I  T: in< uc , ilis stuks Io your feet W\ ni t'rttgiag "n yu it way. h. lOlxNS0. M .' A.lIt "M. No. t. To btihhle, if 'i.ui plea'se cln::cg' 1 earl. 'To w'i't 'i aroind you'll h.ive ilstes (; h::ne" n .tinl :ttlnd then 1 1r.l m', ' ~'I,' , :1 hl t sw.','i rd wie l shhow ; ()If('l i'' ,litt i e1 1 then. I Wa ll, Grouni d o1' eat th is1 to h,' s.eti. A. lAWSt ti Nr ii .Ketilliii't Lii.
SIkON TwELTS, Leicester. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 10. Let's have a game of blind-malil's bullt- Do pat those toys away Will ;:vans, you shall b' blind na:n; 'Ti+ such a jolly play. Now. Anna. my old mottlher, ple-is , To : ind Will's eyes .rtund :. Ai d. Willie, you must grope :b,:t U etil the ' spoon" is found. Y n ;11" Sybil I rou this way. Oh. look at Queenie Clarel For. I st her highness sho ,d uo caught, She' hbiting 'nca'h a chair. Now little Tommy Ray is cat:ght: I'll tie the bandage tight. There, Tommy boy, you con d not etc Were you to try alt night. But now, I daresay, you are . tird; You 1o0. quite sleepy, Ted Aid hark! the clock is sti tIk tg nine. 'Tis time to g.) to bed. DE .L.T1{t)M If from wIha.t dtotr with all nuew -hiI' You'll just dtclet, one letter, If you were faint from want of food, 'i'would i:elp to plako i oi bit. r.
ENtGMiA. No. 12. A tr'sty old friend, an old traveler am I, Ne'er tired or we:iry as onward I fly ; I 'er coming and going, Ilrconscious of fate, I move quickly on, I'm ne'er known to be late. I've been the world over, I've seen many lllnds. From ict-frozen Lapland to the south's burning sands; 'though scien e ne'er brought to the world my real length _Nor ha\e they succeeded in testing my strength. Look I yonder has stood for three centuries or more That grim-looking crst'e 'gainst horrors of war, 'I hrugh when I reduce it, which surely I must. 'Twill b,' food for the winds as it crumb es to dust. In existence I came when this world first began, And downo o the present successfully r.:n; But as to the Iutuirc, I safely may say 1 shall keep rolling on till this earth's passed away. MEbsR. WALKER. ANTD STEWAiRT, ABtley bpreelL MONOPIHON E. No. 13. So, l lnzy lioys, on case intent, On nee -:.t < own ore day ; A p! bIbre 'If it e one did get. And threw t t at the spray. The Ipebbli meant for" ducks and drakes" ( pas for Chnrley May 1) Was thrown wit hout a pros er care, And dld not touclh the spray. For Charley, who got up to look, And see the boats go by, }Reeved the stone (ill-luck for bhim I) lItLthl in his half-closed eye. Thie Irs got iup from me at once, Anti re'er forg-ot that day, Whit ito his home that was near by Thl y took poor Charley May. INTERLUi)E. \feni rYou to s cond part do c In i ' A ilfrcl'cut spellinig,", 'ou w\ ils y; The wlrrd's tile same, thoulgh aill't that rruml ? l'icasc s1ilbstitrlte an e for it. sECON iD. WhiIti hi e tl.e Ioys look Chlrrlev Miay, 'IThey sighed and 1 high' that ihe Wuld d;e :it least nd ntie w, ild he rlliri ilt eon or pay a fee. l]ult ilrliing of the kind occurred, Ani ti Charley g t s well, T'iii it .l e endl oi trwo short works 'I ie str ory he i outld tell. Noiw f litrir y conuvlescnt Is, lieinilrl 5 not so ninth rid, With g roen patch on Iis eye, lie si s 'Nit h me ill sinm er slladle. Now, biirys when you throw stones at all . lust seCe no oille is nigh Or < Is it nighlit result. pelrhaps. U thIe blllldling of uan eye. E. \V. TISDALE. DI \LMIONI) PUZZIE. 1' . 14. If you woulhl form this ditniond square, (,i i, en, ie'(''i it ill trone-'orch of hlre; lor nex ni unhllllir please write down ; Auni thirdly lrake lit English town li ; A Irislit mi n i til i 1 iW CaIi liii miln ; Amii for riyr lift I a colour Iind; To wei p, imy next will sig ify; 'I" wiilch here add one-thirl of try. T'hl' centrals, if you roid aright. \YIll briug my brother s nane ,o sight. JEts- n READ, Brompton. M T'IAGItAM. Nr. 15 What Inm ats to stir if you change head, A ipreti.y bir I you'll have instead : ('h:rnge head again. and then, I ween, Whiat means to like will then be seen; Once more change head, andt then to you A kiruit cf creek will come to view. JUL2s GERARD. ANAGRAM. Ni. 16. c nodlle:aia I rents n d dlwi. E : ei mncri rof a icepot dilch I Darl si wnorb rethlh . na gygshandw ; Barld so hot tunnamni ad chlit d-lof. EfRN t;ssr W l,!.sus, Barnes. \NSI'IERS TO RIDDLES, &c.. Oi LAS!' iVlE:iK 1.-- Trout. Thus : Tackle, 13.-Yard, dray, ray. Roe. Over Usele s, Trifle. 14.-Pun-gent. 2.- Malre, Mere (Fr, mothlr), 15.- L Meu (Fr., thle se), Mayor,. WO N . N:nemne,:inn. P It T A L .- 11EA lt LOTT IEW E Il D F It D IS Y ADIE 'Ti.A RE D S W T R S f 16.-J. Myers. Thus : Jiin~;e, 5. - Whale, ha e, l'e Ml'tagralm. Young, Entlcu, 6.-Tenr, bear, liar, dear. Riohdale,Silverspear. pear. 17.- Flarlrqnin. 7.-Carisbrook. :8.- HI A It E 8 -Pet-ti(e;:-toat. A R O .I A 9.--Mion h, moth. R 0 B I N 10.--l(incardlne E 1 I T ii 1 .-Cherry. sherry whe ry. i A N S E 12.- Booth, b. 11. 19.-- 'rty ltty little silver stars, How they twinki", how they shice In hlle ideep blue sky lberam! Tei-hug' of our FPtther's love; Telling of His care dii-ino. 20.- My forest home, my forest home, The hour has come at last i0\ ieii I o dlistant L.nds must roarm, O'er .wntrl.s n ili aurd vast.