OUR SPH INX,
δ ι Ι,ΟιΟ 500 100 50 550 1,0)0 500 ι ,.,., ,, „ ,.,,,., transposed is a prunuun tn-r¿ is a vowel. All contribution* must be written on one side of the paper only, and be original, or the sender will be debarred from a future appearance in our columns. f - d - - - t r t - - m o " s t s c " , o o - . s t n s , d d y t 223. TRANSPOSITION. Whole, I am. custom ; drop a preposition, and I am a way; curtail me. i'.nd I am a multitude; behead in*, and I am an adverb; divide my whole into throe parts, my first my second is a metal, and my J. T. Palmer. 224. CHARADE. My first is short for a christian narae, My next a letter to ba found in fame, My last all apparel must do the same, My whole is for people of different laces, Different looks, and dlrt'erent places. V. J. Stimson. 225. ARITHMÔREM. 0 and map. An article used to gire light. evor. A boy's name. enas. What everybody possesses. mie reg. A girl's name. Fan ER. A country of Europe. Kve NE. A number. No No. A city of Europe. ba. An animal. eror. To command. shew PR. To speak in a low tone. The initials, read downwards, will give tbe name of a great poet. Снлиыа И. i-отг. 226. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A vowel, a girl's name, a poet, flowers, a bird, an his¬ torian, a naval commander, a llower, a girl's name, a bird, part of a church, a weight, a consonant. The centrals, down and across, will name a celebrated naval commander. R. CuObSLKY. 227. CROSS PUZZLE. A kind of cloth, an Athenian lawgiver, a relation, sing¬ ing birds, daring. My whole read crosswise wiil name two great E agli.h philosophers. J. С. A. and F. D. 228. NUMBERED CHARADE IN RHYME. My 1, 2, 3, 4, is a boy's name. My 4, 2, 3, 4, is—well, dou't do the same. My 1, 5, 3, 2, 1, 3, is to come to a conclusion. My 7, 2, 3, 4, is tn be ill—without tlhl.ion. My whole an author—ah, poor man I Rejoice at his death, ye mortals who can ! F. J. Stimson. 22Í). DECAPIPATION. A domicile for Ьогзез, I guess, my whole will name, An article of furniture, beheaded, I pro.laim ; Behead once more, and " competent " I'm certain lhat it shows, Transpose, and then a package large to you it will disclose, And if my rest's transposed again, an island 'twill be found ; Transpose, curtail, and now I give a certain sign for pound. С. Я. Butt. 230. PYRAMID PUZZLE. A consonant, a fruit, a flower, a wild animal, a bird, a town in Ireland. The central letter read downwards will name a well-known English poet. J. 0. A. and F. D. 231. SQUARE WORDS. A mineral. A musical instrument. ' ossela. A trap. John ..obľbt Danikl. 232. CHARADE. When raindrops from the lowering cloads do fall, Nor can Sol's rajs through their dense masses burst, 'Tis then, on entering either houee or hall, Each cleanly person makes use of my first. Upona life of happiness and love Full oft had I and my dear Mary reckon'd, I3ut ruthless Death had sent her soul above, And " In Memoriam " 1 wear my second. My whole in yonder hospital you'll find, Where many a sufferer lays his aching head, With flocks, or hairs, or p.rhaps with straw I'm lined, And some, I'll own, prefer me to a bed. J. T. 233 TRANSPOSITIONS. Whole, I am an encountpr ; transpose nie, I am в board; curtail, I am found In every house ; transpose me, I am a peculiar cry; behead and transpose me, I am found in the " Young Briton ;" behead me, I am a bever¬ age. John Roukut Daniel. 234. CHARADE. When sinks the sun behind yon western hill, Tinging with gorgeous colours the whole arc of space, When all is husi.ed, save yonder murmuring rill, 'Tıs then you'll own my first diaws on apace. Skimming the surface of yon limpid stream, in a frail вк.гГ (by many dangerous reckoned), Twj rowers toil ; the hast mishap, 1 deem, Would make you «ure tbat they are bo.h my second. Becalm'd, the ship in torrid /one doth lie, The daily reckoning shows they scarce have stirred ; The sailors stand and whistle cheerily, ln hopes by that means to bring on my third. My whole the queen ot nurses brings to view, Whose name by wounded soldiers is revered; And if you guess aright, 'twill sho * to y.u The name of a melodious singing bird. J. Tomlin. D H İ I I I I U Y F I I W A T Г T A N T m m a j
235. ENIGMA. Dear reader, this enigma that I now present to you Has to be solved, aad therefore I appeal ţo you. reign iu ev ту Briton, tint dwells on British soil ; I'm always found at labour, but yet I haie to toil ; In the month of bleak December, l am very oiten seen ; In colour, 1 am brown ani nlack, yet never found iu green ; lovi the glorious moonbeams, that shed their silvery ligbt Upon thc sea, where glides yon bark, with sails so trimmed and white ; You'll find me on the battle-field, where many a hero fell, Fighting for his country's fame, killed by a bursting shell ; In tue howling blast 1 love to roam, and hear the billons roar ; I'm ölten seen in Belgium, likewise on Bengal's sbo¡ о ; Witn the proud you'll never see ше, but with tbe humble w.H be i'ound ; And frequently I'm buried, though never in the ground ; Tnough you've sight jou don't possess me, yet I am always with the blind ; Го sleep in the foaming bil o w I often feel incline 1 ; Thc foundation of every bridge 1 am ; I'll be seen in the rippling brook ; And if I am not mistaken, you'll find me in every book. Now, reader, I have finished, this is what 1 have to ask- That you'll answer this enigma, which is an ea#y ta*k. G. C. S------w. 236. CHARADE. My first is a vehicle, ων second transposed is a tree, and my whole is a mountain in Palestiue. R. Cuosslry. 237. DECAPITATIONS. Whole, I am to clean ; behead me, I am a black gar¬ ment ; behead me again, i am a seed ; again behead me, 1 am an animal. Chablks Hkmminus. 238. CHARADК. My first is in grate, but not in fire. My second is in rage, Dut not in ire. My third is in horse, but not iu mule. My fourth is in iuiot, but not in fool. My filth is in jumble, but not in mix. My sixth is in fasten, but not in fix. My seventh is in coid, but not in warm. My eighth is in dairy, but not in farm. My ninth is in sinite, but not in smoulder. My whole is vhe name of a famous soldier. ________· St. Hľmío. SOLUTIONS TO SPHINX. 197.—Geographical Arithmorein,—Maidstome. Thus : Tyi.e M out!.. Newm A rket. Warm I neter. Win D tor. Sali S bury. Cha T haai. Seaib O roufjh. Uppi N ghaoi. Leic E ster. IOS,—Charade.—Father Neptune. l'J'J.—Square Woids,— HARE AREA REAR EARN 200,—Buried Towns of Gaeat Britain.—Mere. Andover. Bala. Bangor. Bath. Battle. Bedal. Bow. Buiy. Ashford. Gaston. Dover. 201.—Diamomi Puzzle.—Garibaldi.—Thus :— G о А к be R jl sol 1 cit GARI В ALDİ mou л ich Wo L fe A D а I 202.—Places of Interest iu London.—Tower Subway. The Houses of Parliament St. Paul s Westminster Abbey. Thc National Gallery. Сопакст Solutions—/. A. Smith, 188, 19G ; J. 11. Daniel, 103, 191, 105, MG ; 8. P. Murray, 104, 195, 100. Tower of London. Cathedral Notice.—In future all solutions must be dated, and forwarded within seven days of the publication of the journal. SPHINX SOLUTION CLUB. Mkmhki.s. Lewis Zachariah, 14 Bernard-street. Southampton. George MeCall, Newtown, Miingavie. W. Upton, 40 High-street, Newport, Isle of Wight. J. Batiderly, St. George's WorkUouse, West Brompton. William Dwyer, 10 Cork-street, Dublin. Charles Maiu,.'. Darnley-roaa, Hackney. J. C. Atkins, 37 Bell Buru-road, r-irining Frank Darby, 02 Stockley-iitreet, Birmingham. Fred Pickup, Rock-teir<_ce, Crawshaw Booth, Manchester. R. Croseley, 2.. Douglas-terrace, Cubitţ's Town, Poplar. R. Phillip», Wivelebcombe, Somerset. Thomas Spencer, llatlor i-hquare, Cathany, Brietol. Thomas Butterworth, 74 .Mi i-street, Bradford. Frederio John Barley, \t Paget-street, Southampton. Alfred Lone. John Robert Daniel, 48 East Essex-street, Dublin. (To bi Continued,. Members whose names have been omitted arc requested to comiiiiviicate at one j. Notice.—"Sphinx Solution Club."—This club is now established. For full particulars see this week's number ( Ö3) ol our companion journal, the " Young Briton."