Our friend J. G. LUMSDEN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, ENIGMA. No. 1. I'm found with the daisy that grows on the mead, Top pansy, and beautiful rose. The fairest of flowers, the commonest weed, In short, every flow'ret that grows. I'm essential to those who enjoy valid health, Though I'm seldom to invalids known I To nobles and princes abounding in wealth My symbols are oftener shown. And still, in detecting the crimes of a child, My value is equalled by none; For my action is easy, my bearing is mild, 'I hough my labours will never be done. For I'm with busy tradesmen you see in the street. And set their glad faces aglow; For I always run with them, although I've no feet, And the quicker the stronger I grow. Again, with the ploughman I take up my stand, As well as he harvest of corn; I tinge the blue sky, and make happy the land, At sunset or break of the morn. I fly with the songsters while gaily they soar, My presence they never disdain; Likewise with the lions, who sound their wl'd roar To float o'er the African plain. If you wish to possess me, rise up with the lark, And by the fresh river-side roam; If you live in the town, take a stroll in the park, Then with me return to your home. I'm caught at the seaside ; I'come with the breeze Which blows on the maple and pine; On carpets an1 coverings take I my ease, And, believe me, I'm seen with the wine. Then strive to obtain me, and cherish me well, For with safety I dwell in your heart; Then together we'll stay till Death sounds the knell, And proclaims it the time we must part. J. G. LUMSDES, ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. Yea. in my wanderings, scenes of rare beauty Unto mine eyes in sweet rapture have come- Fright, joyous visions ; but-none were so bright as SSaeetmrecollections of frienids andof hoine. What earthly pleasure can add to my happiness More than the thoughts of the dear ones I'love ? None of the primals of life can unfold to me Things that I worship or value above. Cross Words. The one thing I detest's a scolding woman ; In point of fact, she's anything but humain. Herein you descry a witty reply ; To give one as smart I would ask you to try. 'Tis an arm, though to mortals it cannot belong; But unto the sea, and in this I'm not wrong. The " Burlington," I think's about the go ; Society is there, and therefore show. The god of slecp,Ior thee I am in quest, Each night to court thy sweet, refreshing rest. In happy this bright visions ever dawn. Now married, gry ; when single, quite forlorn. My ' Johnson" this will surely state To be an Indian potentate. An abridgment, an extract, herein I have hidden; To answer, may knowledge avail you when bidden. A kind of sausage; but its history Is to myself a perfect mystery. G. GRANT, Bayswater. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 3. Change the centre letter of the name By which this fish is known, And I'm quite sure a kind of tree, Or fruit, will then be shown. Now it behead, and please curtail, - Just after that transpose, Put on ahead, and surely then A fish it will disclose. Ton. No. 4. My whole is the name of a hero bold, Whose adventures in the B. are now being told; His friend', like him, was very brave, And for their lives giants did crave; But please transpose. this pray excuse, And it certainly means refuse; Tranupose once more, don't say me nay, This means to putrefy, also to decay. So now I leave you, without the slightest doubt That you, my friends, will quickly find this out. J. MURRaY, Liverpool. TRANSPOSITION. No. 5. A Queen of England's name You inust with care transpose. A pretty female's Christian name It consequently shows. W. P. WILLIAMS, HolywelL
DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 6. Foundation Words. If you the primals and finals Will carefully read aright, Then two Continental cities Will at once be brought to sight. Cross Words. My first's a part of the body, It's of great use to you; Next is a thriving seaport, Its name now bring to view. This well-known fruit of Spain You all do surely know; For fourth you'll view a river, In England it does flow. My last. if rightly read, Will give a kind of play; And as I have now ended, I bid you all good-day. S. ROBInsoN. DECAPITATIO BS. No. 7. A warlike weapon if you behead, A well-known fruit you'll see ii stead ; Behead agadu, and then, I ween, Part of your frame will then be seen. EMILY CANTER, Bradford. No. 8. Mfy whole is heard in battle's din, It means a dreadful no:se; Behead, and then you'll quickly see What's used to frighten boys; Behead again, and of this wood Good walking-stic s are made; Now, r.ddling friends, to find me out, Get good friend Webster's ani. W. A. WILLIAMSI, Neath. No. 9. Behead part of a ship, you'll see - J t leaves a very common tree. SHULMAC. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10.
ALTOS PARTTZOG, Hornsey.
METAG RAMS. No. 11. Complete, Iam not straight ; Hut if you change my head, A thing some people hate To pay you'll have instead. Just change my head again, And you will surely see What Viviane was when Jack found and set her free. I'll trouble you once more To change, and then you'll find What always comes before The happy Easter time (This line, though, doesn't thyme); Change but once more, and now Most certainly you'll see What this" con." was, I'll vow, As soon as it left me. WILLIAM H. J. WooD, Manchester. No. 12. Part of a fish in this is seen; But if you change the head, You'll find a place where corn they grind Immediately listead. The head again please change, and then What chemists sell is seen; Change head again, and it will show What's seen on walls, I ween. Repent the change, and you will then A little stream descry: My puzzle now is at an end, I wish you all good-bye. SILVERSTAR. PALINDROMES. No. 13. I am an English river, And still the same I'll be Though you should like to turn me round ; And that you'll surely see. DRAWBRII GE. No. 14. My whole doth mean a sharp, quick sound ; I am still the same if turned around. POT HOOK. No. 15. Whole, I am a masculine name Bevi'rsed; I read exactly the'same. R C. M'CLEERY.
OMEGRAM, No. 16. Tim Jones did once the army join To fight for England, fame, and coin. Says he, '' If I've to fight for life, I h ird will first when next is rile." At length to fight bold Tim was sent, He view'd the foe with calm content; With manly next into the field He marched to next to make them yie'd. When set on guard, through darkness deep, Next was the watch that Tim did keep; And when the war at length was done, Tim had a next and medal won. Then home returned, with glory crown'd, Among his friends he was renown'd; And many a next of stories great Around the fire would Tn re.ate. These words to find I'll give the clue, Then soon the answer you may view; Just take each word, and change the tail, If changed aright you cannot fail. J. MYERS, Dalton-il-Furness. CURTAILMENTS. No. 17. A well-known paper if you curtail, What mears to move you'll have without faiL AMOU0s. No. 18. My whole's a tool that joiners use; Curtail, and then, I ween, A word which means to you a scheme Will very soon be seen.. MESSSS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. CHARADES. No. 19. To descend, my first does mean; A boy's name for second put down;, Combine the two, and then, I ween, You'll have an Irish town. G. WILLIS, Cork. No. 20. My first was a famous patriot, A marksman true was he; To God (and to no man on earth) He onlytbent his knee. I like to read an exciting next, Or even hear it told; I dare not tell it plainer, So I'll no more unfold. My whole, young friends, I really hope is neither I nor you; So leaving you to guess my name, I b.d you'all adieu I OCEOLA. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 2L A substance whose poison will often cause death ; The centre delete,and you're gasping for breath. C.A. W. ELDRIDGE, London. . No. 22. From a well-known substance the centre delete SWhat's Uised inhouses you'll haivecomplete. .f SIR LAUSNdLOT. No. 23. When whose, 1 mean to languish; But centre take away, Part of a gallows then, I'm sure, Your efforts will repay. J. MYERS. Dalton-in-Furness. ANSWERS TO RIDDLESd,-&., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-The Christmas Double .13.-Melon, lemon. Number. Thus: TlreD, 14.-Fakir, (air. EaU, HerO. CluB, HilL, 15.-Lance, lace. HosE, InN, SeoU(re), TiM, 16.-Epiom. MoaB, AirE. StouR. 17.-Grape, pear. 2.- I C L 18.-Birmingham. S H y 19.-Rhone, hone, one, on, no. D AY 20.-Bird, rib. GOLD FINCH 21.--Madaem' 22.-Glare, Clare. C H A FFINC 2.- Berlin. Merlin. M AR T I NET 24.-Gin, tin, pin, fin, sin, din, win, kin, bin. INN 25.-, M ACE LIP. THE 3MELON 3.-C-oven-try. H N T I N G 4.-Sun-flower. HUNTI NG 5.-Horse, hose. CR 0 CODILE 6.-Verdant.. Thus: Vice, ROME I I . A L, Y Endive, Rose, D (Dce), ApeR, Nettle, Time (thyme). 28.- PAC K 7.-Van D!emen's Land. 8.-Spear, pear, ear. A N 0 N 9.-Mouse, Ouse. 10.-Malta, ma t. CO VE 11.-Early, earl, e..r.. , K N E 12.-No, on.