Our friend J. MYER to-day' takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL DIAMOND. No, 1. A letter please.Vouchsafe forfirst; S orne say of bores A next is worst; 7 -PI erhaps:yourpay. Love next to hear, L ove's tood itis, 1nchanting, dear.; E nclosing VALE N TINE and note, N eet ofttiinesto' Tire friends is brought; D ear little bird) Iniiext you view;'' I n next a 'youtf Ndhetolild'subdue Doubtless the last's Enlosed, in yew. Saint Valentine's Day, once m6re"on the'way, Will bring to its thbusdands soe e token ' That friends, though. ilart, are yet true at heart, That the pledge of true friendslip's unbidken. Yes, ten thousand eyes-bright, hope.inspired'eyes- Will gaze on the fourteenth with wonder. ý If my centrals read. down, with his'satohel of brown, Brings nothing, they'll. think it's a'blund6-. .'Yet hope thai his calt may each riddler befall, That his centrals across shay replete be With the letters acrostic and visible cross That's above, then 'twill really a treat be,. J.' Kisi, Dalton-in.Furness. DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 2. ' + ; . . Foune tion,.Ta Words. Pximals read dowpwards ivill biing to your view 't. very.liaIge city,. that's well knnown to you; Finals read downwards,"ahditheinyou will see The river it stands on there surely wil4 be. Cross 'Words. Part of the Meditor aniean Sea, Dear r ddle's all, .my'i flst will be ' A-'solemnn aflrniMtion this A mineral oil for next,.I 'is; My next will name.a little weight; A kind of drug this vill state ' This ancient town ini France, I wees, Tor last, d&'wfiriids,'there willlbe seen. * .. , ie Kze, Ilerne Hill. ENIGMA. Nb. 3. T 4 gem ,4 f priest ray W wiicl Wealth u pnpuriclse not, t y,6$ is often seen wit " 'Tle peasali's lowly cot, Thed miser hoards his wretched pelf, And, witl} exultmaut'glare, Gloats o'er his store of shining ore- But one fair gein's hot there. The pdasant hies him home at night, And, round the fireside, see The loving look he gives the child Who sits upop his knee, ". . No store of worldly ,wealth, has he, SNojolwele. rich and rare- . Yet noue, say P-we can descry One priceless jewel there. NbW, riddlers' al, both large and small, Of great asid, little famine, Come, tell'r'e, loyal Budgetiers, What is this jewel's name P PETER PERT. . . HARAidE. lo. 4. Of bricks and mortar I consiit,/ Your:orcha'd amiconcealinu But thievs 'their' efforts don' esist When they the frdit are steailing- SI mean (this for your information), It does not sto' their depredation. From next issues a sveet perfume, It scents thel ivlid and dell How beautiful, whoen in full bloom, The roe 't;id scveet blirelibll I I love to wiailder in a peifum~ed glade, To cull theiii sori a mubh-loved maid. My total grows beside my first, And is a secoliA' sweet In sununmer, whli in bloom they burst, With ploamur, 'wcethcou greet.. J. W. CIADwICx. I'm not very, good l :.Onamosiug a bon., As all oqmyou very wellrkimow; The words I can easily. find, but, by Jove! It's.the rhyming that puzzlos'me so. However, I cautrllt do more than my best (Thero's logic for;youl. so here goes: A river lvhich flows through old England please take, Ono'litter delete tlihei transpiose. And now there apliears to your wondering gaze A riddler to all of you known, Whose riddles we see almopt every week, And gdad ones they are, you must own. Oh, long ihay his iiPnie in bitr Biudget appear, The witty, the isd, and'tli'e clover I But now, as I thiihk it'is high time to go, Dear friends, I remain, yours for ever Ti ED., TAYLOR. MONOPIONE. ..No: 6 Beforeo.tuiriror.piauliden stood i Ar81'r. grmy first on her hair,l, h She was in a light and happy mood, For the sun shone brighta dfair' ., .Not,. meet myseconil she ,'lrrlil awray " tm . oticcd,,frs.tZ ell4.l:.hpgolhi. ,: .e r s paisig a! llg9 s;a itu piaked itmp, And so coy.1n0i,4to fiinuld , ' Second .threp lrl':'ir] ofto the .aride, And's ,( .;" Ceibt , foilrl u]' the oll 1" Aud hiaviyg Ellretq!viil )i~1a1nRG 7 h i Said, " N'mV 'sm, t, l p· .uooerr .i in well." -------- ....---- -N a s ]
OMEGRAM No. 7. I met a man driving a first Along a country road, And with him he of this had had A very goodly load. I thought the many firsts I saw Were really very tame, But quite the reverse they soon did prove. Whoever was to blame ? It might have been the driver's fault, Who freely used the lash Upon the leader, who did soon For freedom make a dash. He did kick and this so very hard, He soon did break the trace, Then dashed away straight up the road At a fearful break.neck pace. As to how the driver got along I didn't wait to see, But made all haste towards my home, To be in time for tea. JAcx FINNERTY, Dublin. CHARADE. No. 8. My first is what my sister did When she had torn her dress; One who is now addressing you, My second will express. In third I'm sure some Young Folks live That read our Weekly B.; My whole, when found, no doubt you'll say Is naught but beggary. So now proceed, ye riddlers keen, My answer plain to seek; And if, my friends, you don't succeed, You'll find it out next week. M. SWEETnAN, Balbriggan. MONOPHONE. No. 9. FIRST. If ever I wish to peruse a nice this, I call for my Budget with glee for, I wis, The best of all juvenile journals it is For parlour, or cottage, or hall. SECOND. The " Tournament," too, is a treat in its way- In fact, our dear Budget, I think I may say, Is like the bright peacock, whose plumage is gay, But whose this is the brightest of all.. F. W. BINSTEAD. LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. For first a Scottish town You truly must put down; Change head aright, Now comes to sight A Scotch term of renown. Decapitate, and then curtail, But mind in this you do not fail, You'll find out, with a little care, That this surrounds you ev'rywhere. M. DONNEE, Manchester. DECAPITATION. No. 11. A very useful article If you will please behead, A part of th' human body I'm sure you'll have instead. And now if you will please oblige And cut off head once more, What none of us can do without You'll find, I am quite sure. DOLLY, Deptford. REVERSION. No. 12. My whole a kind of onion is In England's gardens grown; Reverse, and then part of a ship To you is fully shown. HARRY LYxN. METAGRAM. No. 13. My first's a river bright and blue, But change my head, you change my hue; Change once again, your eye will meet A certain kind of corn or wheat; Yet once more change, you'll have instead A useful member of the head; Cut off my head, replace not any, A pronoun this addressed to many. . T. LORnAINE. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 14. Read centrals, and they'll name a thing Which many folks require; The poor man likes its pleasani ring, It drags him from the mire. It may seem queer, but very clear, The first is part of me, also my name; The slumber and the Thames, I hear, Intend to claim my scanty frame- 'Twon't do much good, I fear. All these old England doth defy, As in the days of yore; Like men our soldiers fight and die, For they are true to core. Kind.hearted men who this possess Do help poor people in distress. For slander I started an action, But was quite driven into distraction It Wvasn't much fun when the action'was done. Though I got satisfaction, the lawsuit I won, The lawyer's these, a long account, To many sovereigns did amount. Now as my first was part of me, I'll let last be apart of you. I think you all will happy be 'Cause I have done, so now adieu. J, W. CHADWICK.
DELETION. No. 15. There is a whole throughout the land, Strong men drop down and die, And for the bread no loving hand Can give, their children cry; And second enters ev'ry place With quiet, noiseless tread, And stifles in its cold embrace That moaning cry for bread. If my second you would make, From my whole one letter take. NooTN's Ow,. CURTAILMEIT. No. 16. From European country's name, Let all remove the tail, The standard coin used in the same They'll all find without fail. IBRAEL ZANGWILL. REBUS. No. 17. ANoN,
CHARADE. No. 18. By a large stone, with first o'ergrown, A faded whole is lying, Cool shadows pass athwart the grass, The wind is softly sighing. And now appears to ease my fears That whole will die neglected, My second fair, who sees it there With pleasure unaffected. CLOVER. DECAPITATION. No. 19. A word meaning firm if you behead, A useful article you'll have instead; Behead again, and you will view A word meaning strong and clever too. G. JAMEs, Newry, BEBUS. No. 20. NEcooxANcER. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 21. Eb eht teatrm thaw 1i amy, Awlasy kapes het hrtut; Whereth rowk ro hewhetr lapy, Yawlas akesp eht urtht. IvY.