Our friend A. S.. P~L rs t~.-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1.
Introduction. Now, Young Folks (and old folks), this fine panorama Throughout the wide world has an undying name Kings, queen, Czar, and Sultan, likewise the grand Lama, Attest its notorious, glorious fame. Cross Words. You first see a river in South Lincolnshire, The county of sens, of morass, mud, and mire; A large German river-magnificent scene! Exactly as shown to our most gracious Queen; A small town in Scotland, in county Dumfries- Perceive in the foreground a fine group of trees; You next view a small Pomeranian town- A tempest is raging-see how the clouds frown ! A northern department of France you see now- A fine bird's-eve view this, I think, you'll allow; Another Scotch town, in the county Argyle- Minutely portrayed, scale eight feet to the mile; A seaport of France, to Belle Isle it is nigh- Perceive the rich blending of water and sky; An islet, and with it a beautiful sound; Away in the Orkneys they're both to be found; A large Russian lake-see, the fair queen of night Flings o'er its broad surface her calm, silv'ry light; A village in France. Here a battle we fought Long ago, and the foeman we gallantly smote; A town which some years since was ceded to France- A scene which all lovers of art should entrance; Another Scotch town-you will see to the right The field where " old Oliver" gained a rare fight. Foundation Words. A county of England, wild, rugged, and bleak, Perceive in the distance rude Helvellyn's peak: A fine English lake-a grand scene, you'll agree; The famed floating isle to the left you will see. Now, little folks, ae revoir I must now say, But promise to come again some future day. A. S. PLarra, Sheffield. METAGRAM. No. 2. The moon shines bright from her ethereal throne, Bathing in silv'ry light the nodding trees; The owl, long brooding in some tower alone, Now sports, exultant, on the gentle breeze. The sweet-voiced niightingale is warbling forth His melody so tremulous and clear ; Ne'er to more joyful strains did voice give birth- What could more pleasing be unto the ear? Lo by the river-side, where roses red, Bright primroses, and tapering lilies grow, Where gleaming fields of dew-tipped clover spread, Two lovers meet, and whisper soft and low. " Fear not, dear maid," the ardent youth exclaims; " Though fate ordained that we for aye should part, The love for thee which now this breast infames Would then, I know, take root within my heart. "Ah, what a wasteful second 'twould have been To the fair prospect of my future years, Hadat thou, with haughty and indignant mien, My favours spurned, and heeded not my tears. "Mine was no third affe tion-no, but strong, And yet so full of youthful tenderness; Though from each other we were parted long, 'Mid doubts and fears it still grew none the less. " And never, had I tried, could I forget Those happy days when we from care were free- Those happy days when, fearing naught, we met To first our vows beneath the old oak tree." The maiden smiles. "Oh, blissful days I" she cries, " Their like the happiest mortal never knew." And now the twain embrace, with tears and sighs, And now, with heavy hearts, they bid adieu. J. Cs-aLas, Belfast. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. My first is always found in hose, Also in harp, in hare and clothes; An animal in next you'll see, In which, I'm sure, you'll all agree; In third an ancient poet's shown, Whose writings are, I think, well known; My fourth a kind of bed will be, Much used by sailors when at sea; My next a seat will plainly show, Which also's used in school, I trow' My sixth is hard and cold, you'll find, And in the winter streams doth bind; My last is found in kite and rink, Also in brake, and kin, and brink. Centrals, when read aright by you, A kind of bed will bring to view. rIAMONDI. MONOPHONE. No. 4. 'Tis when the cheerful summer's fleeting fast, A pang of first pervades my very heart To feel these golden days are going past; With summer I am ever loth to part. 'Tis when the winter nights are drawing near, When the robin comes with glistening eyes, As though to say, " Dear folks, again I'm here; Your charity a robin ne'er denies." 'Tis when my next is heavy with the frost, Obscuring nature's objects from my sight, The tiny sparrow flitting past is lost Amid the gloom so drear, it seems as night. T. W. Kairoxza, LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. A county in England please curtail, And also please transpose, A pretty bird you all know well It surely will disclose. Now, if you will this bird curtail And then transpose again, The name of drink much used, I think, In France, you will see plain. G. JArxs, Newry.
DECAPITATION. No. 6. I'm hypocritical when whole, To your disgust, you'll find; Behead, lo ! this a lesson gives That all should bear in mind. ANxo. MONOPHONE. No. 7. Sweet Nellie, with her eyes of brown, Is surely first of our fair town; Her rosy cheeks and flaxen hair Are doubtlessly beyond compare. How glad I'll be to hear this tell To the outside world that our sweet Nell Hath wed some true and noble knight, Whose voice will ever plead for right. J. G. LJAxsBaT. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. J. Cna LRs. CHARADE. No. 9. There was a young ass, who found an old skin Which once a lion's form had graced, So, just for the fun, he put himself in, Then over the meadows and roads he raced, And he said to himself, " Oh, what fun is in store! Won't the people all run and think me a boar1" The animals all were in bodily first- He looked so much like the forest king; And they fled in dismay whene'er he came near, And the birds in the bushes at once took wing. " Ha I ha !" laughed the donkey, " I have you all there. If you knew who I was, not a jot would you care." Some time he diverted himself in this way- 'Twas very fine sport, as will be guessed. This naughty young ass to himself did say, " How nobly I look thus splendidly dressedl Hullo I here's a fox. He's a customer tough; But I'm none the next artful-I'm cunning enough." Now at Mr. Reynard he savagely rushed, And endeavoured quite hard like a lion to roar. But, alas, how he failed! He quickly was hushed; He had brayed like an ass-he was really no more. " Ho I ho I" said the fox, " I'm too whole, sir, for you. You must hold your tongue, or such tricks will not do I" H. C. Pales. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. I .) Parce AND BanwaLn. ENIGMA. No. 11. 'Tis often said I'm ruby red, Yet yellow as bright gold; Though dark as night, I give you light, And drive away the cold. Without my aid you'd forge no blade, And you could send afar No whirling wheel, no rushing keel, No flying, chain-bound car. Upon this book you ne'er would look, IfI had ceased to be; I wage no strife, yet hu ian life Is sacrificed to me. In lowly earth I have my birth, And yet am sold for pelf; I am not meat, and yet I eat And live upon myself. And when I'm found beneath the ground, And see the ihght of day, You'll find I will be useless till I vanish all away. W. KYLar, Islington.
DOUBLE ACIOSTIC, No. 12. Foundation Words. Primals and finals read down by You Two poets soon will bring to viewou, Cross Words. This is a kind of bushy tree; For next a well.knownfuit you'l ee A Prussian river next fnd out. A number this, without a doubt. For last an English town pleaseta. And now I'll my departure make. F. E. COUIUo POLYPHONE. No. 13. A hundred drum.heads roll andr A hundred bugles cry, A hundred cannon wake and pour Their deat-hmps forth to, shriekingoar Across the shaking sky. Ten thousand rifles ope their throats, Ten thousand blades leap out, The war.witch at her victims gloats As on a cloud of smoke she floats To view the maddened rout. She sees the streams of gore run deep. She sees men fall and die, But does not see their friends who weep, Their wives who wail, their babes who sleep In peace, with tearless eye. She.sees a man who proudly shakes His banner to the breeze, Whose blow is sure, whose arm ne'er quakes Until he meets a first that makes Him reel and fall to knees. She sees him sink upon the plain, And madly gasp for breath. And pray and cry for drink, in vain* Until at length, to ease his pain, Comes death-thrice.welcome death. His comrades bear his corpse away With solemn steps and slow, Next in the flag which 'mid the fray ight bravely he had borne that day Until death laid him low. CHARADE. E. BeS No. 14. " And so you've come to Ireland, The land you've never seon ; "Tis here the heart is good alway, And here the grass is green. You've left the land of night and fog, You've said good-bye to fear. A hundred thousand welcomes I We're glad to see you here." This was my primal's hearty speech When first I trod his shore, And I reproached myself that I Had not been there before. But I had heard of treacherous deeds, Of shots that came behind, Of part fights, and murderous lasts, Which were not to my mind. So I resolved to keep away, For, though 'tis nice to roam, Sooner than have a broken head I'd stay in peace at home. Yet my friend primal told me, "Nay, Things are not quite so bad. 'Tis true that some who say they're wholes Have done things vile and mad. " But they are traitors, fond of strife When they can keep unhurt; Which means they're cowards, crowing load, But shortly pecking dirt." The name of whole is ever grand, The world her homage pays, For he who is my total true Requires no other praise. F. Mnao?, ENIGMA. No. 15. What good are eyes, if you can't withthem see Mine are of no known earthly use to me- That is, for seeihg; yet but for my eyes My children would not from the ground arise And bless this world with their much-needed presenc9 For, sad to tell, we're eaten by all peasants; E'en nobles great demolish us wholesale; First boiled to death, their palate to regale, Then skinned-oh, horror I all the ill that falls Upon our family my mind appals. This is the reason (pray you do not tell) That I of late years have not been quite well. P. M'CeLi, Duhlia. TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. Here's chin, cheek, mouth, and eyes, In this enclosure total lies; Presto I change, new form aopear-_ Man's Christian name, come forwardere. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. In first, dear friends, a pond is seen; My second dry and parched dboes mean; My third's a kind of toy, you see; My fourth a garden fair will be. EsPE e