Our friend J. H. B3ATCHE LOB to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 1. The fabled god who rules the ocean, Only does not rule it strairht (Thse who've felt the Channcl's motion 'This will please corroborate). What clever and instructive work is done When able hands employ the 3, 2, 11 Of wit and wisdom ench itself a store, How hard to crack the riddler's 6, 5, 4 ! We twist our words and use all verbal tricks Just to achieve a sparkling 3, 5, 6. It is not wise to go too far from shore In stormy weather in 3, 5, 6, 4. In winter-time we do not have much sun, Aud usually the wind is in the 1. I hope the con. which now is me before Will in the " Tournament" be 3,.5, 4. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 2. SPOG AND VENTO. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. With laughing eyes that show no signs of care, Ned, with his brother, hurried to the fair. What first caught their attention was a den Of hungry lions, fed by circus-men. All things must end; their money soon was spent, With lighter purses to sweet home they went. Young Folks who read this puzzle, list to me: Three words compose the answer, you will see. W. A. WILES. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Word. A Scottish county you will see In primals; now, pray, riddle me. Cross Words. A beast of burden first will be; In next a firearm you will see; A sort of drum for third is seen; Fourth is what bakers use, I ween; Fifth is a burden, I opine; I'll therefore last this con. of mine. R. GRANT. ANAGRAMS ON SCOTCH TOWNS. No. 5. Bring me a reed, Ben, this bad boy to beat. To his bed he shall go, and have nothing to eat. Polish them up, Tom, and rub them quite bright, Tighten the rivets, and make them all right. Let's take a bottle from one of those bins. Oh, no I Be like Tommy, for he never sins. Did you not go there with your brother Bill P Come, answer me quickly, sir. You did?--No, with Gill, W. D. PICKERING. CHARADE. No. 6. First little Sue, with eyes of blue, And cheeks of roseate tint, So blithe her way, her smile so gay, She'd charm a last of flint. For first and last it's really past All doubt my love is strong. I thought, you see, that she loved me, But found out I was wrong. ZEPHYRUS.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 7. Old Marrymust, so people said (Perhaps they saw it clearly), Thinking 'twas getting time to wed, Loved Miss Macribble dearly. "But does she care," he thought, "for me? Well, I shall know the worst; I'll ask her." And accordingly He dressed one night in first. To Miss Macribble's house be went- " Be mine; I ask no more." She to be his would not consent, And this did vex him sore. "But why object ?"--he made a pause; His hopesof joy bad lied. a I will not wed with you because I second you." she said. ALEX S., Glasgow. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 8. Foundation Word. T o me, 0 primals, thou art dear. O h, to my heart be ever near I M yearnest wish is to be found W here peace and whole may-e'er abound. Cross Words. K eep up thy heart; first for the best. I n every next try to improve. T o-third, though thou art sore distressed, C omes peace again with joyous love. H op0 on fourth more, through every blast; N e'er be thou fifth-be brave and well. E' or persevere till good and last R ale o'er this earth on which we dwell. S. FAsiLn.I , Manchester. METAGRAM. No. 9. Give me a dear old country first That blossoms with the spring, Where tender flowerets shyly burst Beneath warm summer's wing. Talk not of second, with its powers And mighty structures grand. Give me a first, where pretty flowers Will deck the fruitful land. Talk not of cities where a third Is seen from heavenly height, That seems to mock the soaring bird That upward wings its flight. Give me the place where peace appears And happiness is found, Where I may see no falling tears, And hear no saddened sound. CHILD OF THE MOON. ENIGMAS. No. 10. Just find for me a simple word, Which represents three things; First it shows part of your head, And next a coin it brings; The third thing that it brings to view Is worn by queens and kings. H. BATES, Lisbuhrn. No. 11. I am seen in the streets and I'm seen in the shops, And in churches and chapels am found; An instant could quicken the life I have not Whilst hidden away underground. MEPHISTO. DECAPITATIONS. No. 12. Complete, I am a flying thing, Armed, for your warning, with a sting; I forfeit wings if I lose head, But gain a sting that's far more dread. HENRY ADnAs. No. 13. Behold, what frightful massacre before us now we see; Deprive of head, and, lo I 'tis changed To noisy, mirthsome glee. L. A. REAr. No. 14. My whole are useful on the sea, But if you please behead, A very useful kind of grain Will then appear instead, T. FAULKNER, Stafford. TRANSPOSITION. No. 15. My first's a colour dark as night; Transpose. and you will view A substance hard, of colour white, Possessed, my friend, by you. If. DoUGLAs, Bury. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 16. Upon the cultured plain my whole appears, Where oft the reaper's song salutes my ears Behead me, and you may perchance lay bare What makes my whole so very full and fair ; Behead once more, and then you'll clearly view What every one is daily wont to do; This last, if you are willing to transpose, A grateful beverage you'll at once disclose. Sr. GoEsoe. No. 17. A word for jump if you behead, A river then you'll have instead; But if that river you transpose, A liquor it will then disclose. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 18. Without my first, to see a king Would be quite strange, I think; My next will to your vision bring A strong and fiery drink. My third's a coin in value small, But large in size, 'tis true: An Irish town, dear riddlers all, My fourth will bring to viewv. The value of my fourth is known By all who go to school; A beverage in sixth is shown ; And last is found in rule. If you will read my centrals down, And read across likewise, A very well known Irish town Both ways will meet your eyes. T. O'CoNaon, Kinsale. MONOPHONE. No. 19. "Now, surely you have broken first l" I breathlessly exclaimed, While dodging from a large stone which A ruthless boy had aimed. There came a crash-there came a man ; The boy was caught and whipped, And surely he must feel some last As on his way he tripped. REVERSION. No. 20. With my dog, who's very fat, All amidst the first I sat, Close unto the river bank, Where the pretty second dran k. MAcD BARTON.