Our friend H. C. PRICE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
So young, so fair, So debonair, - So pretty, so graceful, such golden hair, And ruby lips, Whose smiling tips Were ever so ready to laugh away care I Those eyes now close, Those lips of rose Are pale, and those cheeks are as white as the snows; In th' dear churchyard, 'Neath th' ground so hard, We must bury her there where the green grass growe. H. C. PaIcs. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. A famous war you'll here behold, Of great renown, I've oft been told, At which the English ever bold Victorious held the sway. The fight was long and weary, for The enemy were stern, still more ; The English lost full many a score, But still they won the day. Hurrah I Just listen to the cry, As on they go to do or die. The English standard flaunts on high To cheer her noble sons. No lack of courage do they show; That they will conquer well they know, So, with a cheer, they onward go, And face the foemen's guns. Cross Words. A very dark deed in My first will be seen, Of which you can read in The papers, I ween; To next I am trying, But trying in vain, On patience relying, So I'll not complain. Good gracious! A crisis ! Oh, what shall I say P Young Folks, my advice is From third never stray; Fourth is, I assure you, A puzzle; you may Have many before you In Younq Folks to-day. To see the next blazing Gives cause for delight; Yet sometimes-how amazing !- 'Twill fill you with fright. Its leaves shake and tremble, 'Tis well known to you. I'm about to dissemble, So bid you adieu. H. V. BARWELL. METAGRAM. No. 3. A storm was fiercely raging on a wild and rocky shore, And the mad waves, wildly leaping, kept up one continuous roar, When in a distant cottage a light was seen to flare A moment; all was darkness, then again a little glare. A peasant and his daughter they occupied that cot; She was spinning with my first-oh, weary was her lot!- When all at once she started, for, borne across the foam, She heard a loud, loud second, as shoreward it did come. Some piercing shrieks then followed, and agonizing cries, And then a rocket shooting through the dismal dark she spies. She turns round to her father, with eyes quite full of tears, And said, " Oh. father, can't you save those souls, or stay their fears ?" He said, " Yes, yes ; I will contrive and try them all to save, Or rescue e'en as many as I can from that cold grave. Quick! run up to my humble third, and my sou'wester bring. Quick, quick, my dear I time's precious, for, hark! the tide bells ring !" She soon returns-he quickly dons his favourite attire, And bids her then at once heap plenty coals upon the fire; He takes his boat and sallies out across the foaming wave, To save as many as he can from that cold, wat'ry grave. Now up, now down, on, on he goes I He heedeth not the wind Or rain that dashes in his face, as if it meant to blind. At last he reaches the good ship, with sails in fragments torn, Which once had looked so proud and gay, but now looks so forlorn. He rescued all, then once more pulled his boat towards the shore, And battled with the wild waves as he did in days of yore. He reaches home; a crash is heard, which plainly does denote The ship has met a dreadful fourth--but more I will net quote. W. KEARNEy, Bootle. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. My centrals downwards and crosswise show An eminent poet of years ago. In the first part of winter my first you will find; When weary with standing, to this we're inclined; Guided safely by next, to the port vessels steer; And lo I for my fourth doth a surname appear; To do this when thirsty you'll own is qumte right; My sixth is a creature which flies but at night; A consonant now makes the puzzle intact. So now you may solve it-and that is a fact. ZEPHYRUS. REVERSION. No. 5. First not to second do, dear friend, For second e'er is sin. First in the ways of good, dear friend- Ay, first just as you should, dear friend, And scorn the second din. GESSMEYNE AIME.
ENIGMA. No. 6. Though I'm not dumb, I cannot talk, Yet very often sing a song As I've no legs, I cannot walk, Yet I am always going along. I have two hands, although no arms, Yet know that I can often strike, And very often give alarms- You may laugh at me if you like. Yet, like an honourable foe, No mean advantage do 1 take, But warning give before the blow; Still, no impression do I make. To grace the palace of the queen It is my honourable lot; In stately mansions I am seen, And in the workman's humble cot. F. R. ConLso0. REBUS. No. 7. IH. BRowN, Bootlo. LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. When waves are leaping top-mast high, And furious tempests rave, Then whole, so bold and brave, Puts forth from shore, with heart'ning cry, A vessel in distress to save From cruel rocks that hidden lie. Delete one letter now, if you A change should wish to see; You'll surely all agree A garden patch appears to view. Behead, your destiny Will now be seen-though strange, 'tis true. J. CHARLES, Belfast. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. While wand'ring down the first one day, My sweet-eyed next I met. Said she, " What made you come this way P" Said I, "To meet you, pet." M. FABLANQUE, Bradford. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No, 10. No. 11. If from a valuable gem The tail you take away, You'll have a fruit that's nice to eat Upon a summer's day ; Again repeat this process, and The answer then is shown To be a leguminous plant By every person known. ExMA A. O'REr.1' Youghal. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. What Young Folks often do at night In first you'll view ; Delete, a measure comes to sight. Now, friends, adieu. T. O'CNHAER, Kinsale. MONOPHONE. No. 13. My whole is usefyU on the sea; Delete a letter, next will be A word pronounced the same, Which means a biped creature who, I'm su resembles those of you Who bear the selfsame name. W. SAUNDERS, Powmill. W. SaennaEs, Powmll.
ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Word Primals will give a poet's A Soottish Poet of great fare . roa f Words. This flow'r, as soon as day's bega Turns to its god the -blaz gunes Now please to find a Kntish n. And then s precious stone put do. A bird that sings our groves anowng And fills the greenwood with t ong A Chinese plant y puzzle with eds on And now, farewell, my riddling riends NARRATIVE TRANSpOSRrI O. No. 1 5 I fain would sleep and take my rest Yet slumber keeps aloof The cause of this is OOn confessed, Words ofttimes indicate the mind. And ofttimes, too, deceive. By acts alone istruth defined, And acts alone believe. o " Come to the studio with mee That figure's done at last." " Nay," said the sculptor, - what y0..0 Is hut the plaster cast." w 00 see If by your endeavour rs m st ou ma e kew Transpose, and my second and third thenkareshown. CHARADES No. 16. My first, for that conult the cook-- She, without this, by hook or crook, Could never make a pie. My second is not very hard You'll be upon the track If only you've the proper card Selected from the pack. My third, you'll find that each true Scot With that contrives to see, And in the alphabet, I wot, 'Tis pretty sure to be. My last, in some things 'tis a first- I give a clear suggestion, And oftentimes when you've conversed, You've met it as a q'estion. My whole are dwellers in the sea, And frequently you meet 'en. And now, if you'll come home with me, I'll show you how to eat'em. N0W DB PuLs No. 17. My first will he a little town .In HI rtford, not of much renown, Nor yet of much importance recklnsed, But it contains full many a secnsd, My second of its head deprive, And at a river you'll arrive, Where often, in the sunny weather, I've sat and fished for hours together. I\y whole will be a store, you'll iind, For merchandise of any kind. So, now, pray use your best endeavour To find it out, O riddlers clever. FW.W. B.Insls METAGRi AMS. No. 18. Now do I don the puzzle-cap again, But I fear greatly an unworthy head doth wear it Still, I will strive with all my might and main, Lest from my head the Editor should tear it. A curious word I happened on one day- Indeed, I nearly am afraid to write it; It means to swallow without much delay. Be pleased to graciously indite it. Change head with care ; I hope that after tisl Our Ed. may not me second more from writion; Change head again, my con, a third sure is, Though certainly the same is not delighting. P. l'CLL,Mls No. 19. My first's a kind of priest or monk, Who flourished in the days of old; But if you'll kindly change the head, A prickly plant you'll then behold. J. (. Bero SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. My first is something very soft and fine, 'Tis furnished by a creature very small, Yet many an article of rare design Is with it formed-'tis worn by nearly all. A hard and heavy substance next is seen, Deep down beneath the verdant soil'tis found; Common it is, but useful too, I ween. To guess its name you now are surely bound. My third's a word whose men,;- 's "solit;.ry," Composed of letters four, ni. known to you; I last you'd solve this square-'tis easy, very. Now, riddlers all, I beg to say adieu. S, W. HAeES, Worest