Our friend WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Through the desert, red and pathless, Where all primal things must fade, Came a pale-faced stranger scatheless, Past our hostile bands arrayed. Feared he not the lions prowling, Hang'ring through the darksome wood; Cared not for the panthers howling In the jungle's neighbourhood. Came he in the autumn fervent, When the rustling palms were sere, And eactl warrior was his servant: He was firm as last to fear. 'Twas in autumn, sad and weeping, When we heard the falls, long dSy, Faint and far, go moaning, leaping, That he laid him down to die. Woe, woe, white man I for no mother Stood beside thy restless bed I Far from thine own land, another Hand must soothe thy burning head. May the shoreless lake eternal, May the Nile's unceasing flow To the far-off land supernal Bear thy spirit as they go. Much we loved the pale-faced stranger; Kind, and brave, and good he came, Led the way through ev'ry danger, Total, total was his name. WOODENT CHERLxIETERNOE. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. Primals denote the flight of Father Time; No other hint indeed you'll need, Yet if you notice as you read, The answer's plainly seen within the rhyme. Gross Words. S now oft in January first doth lie, P erchance the same you've seen, and so have I. 11 ound next fire's circle stories oft are told I n February, when the nights are cold. N ow in its turn comes blust'ry March again ; G ambolling winds from next fly o'er the plain. S o now 'tis April-Easter, too, you ory; U ndoubtedly next will some pace eggs dye. May I Oh, thou blissful, merry month of May, 'M idst thy next fields 'tis pleasure e'er to play. E 'er.joyful June, we proudly welcome thee; R are flower next, nursed by thee tenderly. A s through the fields we wander in July, U pwards from feath'ry songsters next doth fly. T owards my next in August we repair; U nripe fruit now, indeed, is very rare. 'M idst other months September duth obtain N ext as the premier month for falls of rain. W ell, yes, indeed, next onwards swift doth roll- I t is October; leaves now thickly fall. N ow once again the ice king's this is seen; 'T is bleak November, fields no longer green. " E re we're aware, last once again is here- R ound flows December's good old Christmas cheer. J. Mns, Dalton.in.Furness. MONOPHONE. No. 3. Oh, don your first and mantles, And, wintry weather scorning, Come, girls and boys, With merry noise- The ice will bear this morning The second, dark and tall, With grim, snow-covered branches, Point to the sky As they stand by The icy avalanches. The undergrowth of third Is now by hard snow covered, And silence fills The frowning hills, Where once the song.birds hovered. Away, then, to the loch, Jack Frost's chill terrors routing I Let's glide along, With merry song, And fill the air with shouting ! BINSTEAD AD C1tOYsDILL, ENIGMA. No. 4. I am composed of letters four, 'Tis just that number and no more. My tail is large, I'd have you know; Just twenty times my head 'twill show. Second and third, they equal are (The other two are more by far), In fact, they nothing each do mean. You'll find the answer out, I ween. W. II. AND J. IMaucosn, Navigation. DECAPITAT.ION. No. 5. This ladies used to do of old, No doubt you often have been told; Behead me, and you surely see What oft is used by you and me; If you behead me once again, A preposition will remain. Hano. OMEGRAM. No. 6. Dear riddiler, write me down for whole A substance that is got from coal; Change tail, and then a word is seen That means to stop the mouth, I ween. S. ROaINSON. PALINDROME. No. 7. In this an action will be found; Reverse, and you'll exclaim, " Why, now that we have turned it round, The answer's just the same." C. F. BARKEnR.
METAGRAM, No. 8. A word please find Which means to bind; Then change the head aright, What all of you Some day must do There then will come to sight. This is no third, So I have heard, It is the simple truth. When next you see, You'll say with me 'Tis liked by every youth. Now persevere, And never fear, The answer soon you'll'show. 'Tis getting time To stop my rhyme, So now, my friends, I'll go. IHARRY LxNN. REBUS. No, U, ilmonnAmus, Bathgate.
CHARADES. No. 10. While walking through the fields one day, Through many a whole in rich profusion My first we spied, while calm it lay, Nor dreading torment or confusion. A wicked thought inspired our boys-- It was to ride the quiet creature; And soon 'twas caught without much noise, Though joy and fun beamed in each feature. 'Twas quickly mounted, but, alas ! A sudden jump soon caused my second, And rider sprawling on the grass From us assistance faintly beckoned. P. M. C. No. 11. My first, you'll find, means to commit to the earth; To the angler my second is of great worth; If in writing a con. you omit any word, My whole you should do-at least, so I've heard. W. PFEIFFaR. No. 12. Most people do my first with cold; Again,'tis done by people old; A thing oft used on battle-field Undoubtedly my next will yield. A dramatist my whole will name, His plays will e'er revive his fame. P. N. GAFNma, Dublin. LOGOGRIPH. No. 13. My whole it means to frighten; Curtail, it is a wound; Behead, and it will carry you O'er many a mile of ground. J. COLLINu, Balbriggan. PROVERB REBUS. No. 14. H. B. Bnows, Bootle, DECAPITATION. No. 15. The captain has crossed o'er the turbulent seas, Through the storm and the gale, in his ship, But now he is standing on deck at his ease, With a satisfied smile on his lip. No more does the tempest his gladness molest, No more does his barque in the hurricane roll; She lies, just as though she were taking her rest, In my whole. The gallant sea-captain has come to the land, And his pretty wife welcomes him home. In a sweet, shady next the pair sit, hand in hand, And she begs him no further to roam And her voice is so sweet, and her love is so warm Thatthe captain consents on the firm land to rest; And she looks in his eyes, and he folds her sweet form To his breast. BINSTEAD AND CaoYsDILL. TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. A kind of spear is hidden here But if it is transposed, A word for nure will, I am sure, Be speedily disclosed, C. F. BAnnmn.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC, No. 17. Cross Words. Upon a first of pleasure, One summer's morn, we went, Exploring at our leisure Aught worthy of comment, Around my cheerful light You very often sit, And read, with great delight, Tales full of joy or wit. An exclamation Of approbation. HTow nice to eat This fruit so sweet I O'er hill and dale I love to fifth In bachelor meditation Or watch the lark mount up on high And sing his exultation. It ends with an e and begin swith an I. Between male and female it often does lwell. See yon lad : from school he's hast'nin, For he's this to fly his kite; Soon you'll see it soaring upwards, While he capers with delight. Hark I the solemn bells are ringing, Slowly people wend their way To the last to praise their Maker, For it is the Sabbath day. Foundation Words. Take of these words the initials as they stand, And then the finals, and two riddlers see; The last is chief of that Sphinxotic band, The other rather less renowned than he. J. G. LAiMERr, METAGRAM. No. 18. This riddle here seen will seem no great mystery To those who have been well taught Roman histor,,. In conflict on a battle.field Two hostile warriors stood, Each vowing ne'er with life to yield, But shed the other's blood. In stature or in strength of frame These two were not alike; The name of monster one might claim, Such terror could he strike. The other was of stature small, But on his first he wore An aspect such as might appal The foe who stood before. Now, dear riddlers all, know that one of these foemen Was a big, burly Gaul, and the other a Roman. Just as the first clear, ringing sound From sword and shield arose, A second came, and wheeling round The heads of these stern foes, Alit upon the helm of him Who was the smaller man, And thence, with pointed beak and limb, Most furiously began His grim opponent to assail, Who, when he saw this bird, Soon felt his heart within him quail, And courage feebler third. Then from the heroes standing near A cheering shiut'was heard, And as it caught the Roman's ear, He felt his courage third. His arm he nerved, and firmer grasped His keen and trusty blade, And ere the cheering sound had passed, The Gaul he lifeless laid. Drnas, SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. A fish for my first you must find; And second's a species of dress; For third, what means strong bring to mind; A root for my last please to guess. CLEM No. 20. This hideous monster of the East Was surely ne'cr accounted second Third blooms in summer-time ; while fourth The fairest spot on earth is reckc ned. J. CHsssis, Belfast. MONOPHONE. No. 21. Long, long ago, a doughty knight On horseback, clad in armour br.ght, Rode from his castle out to fight, 'Neath sky so first and clear. Arrived at ground at horse's will, His horn he second loud and shrill, But no foe came whomhe might kill- He'd stayed at home through fear. E. 'sV. TISDALE'