Our friend H. V. BARwsLL to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Dawns the morning bright and cheerful, Sol's bright rays are gaily cast O'er a camp, where men lie fearful That this day will be their last. Soon will men, who now are taking Sleep before the strife begins, Sleep the sleep that knows no waking, Pay the wages of their sins. All within the camp are moving, Those on guard walk to and fro, As if they are plainly proving That they do not fear the foe. But the vet'rans first and tremble, For they dread this fatal day, Very few do they resemble; All are eager for the fray. Now, with next and shield advancing, On they go to do or die; Warriors' chargers madly prancing, Standards flaunting up on high. Now the armies meet in battle, Fighting rages fierce and long; And 'midst that tumultuous rattle Death stalks proudly through the throng. Whole hath oft such deeds recorded, Spreading far the hero's fame, All uncringing, vain, or sordid Was the bearer of the name, H. V. BARWELL. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. A contributor to this page, a reader good and true, Whose merits have approval gained, in centrals you will view. My first exists in selfishness; my second does appear In winter on the village brook and on the muddy mere ; In next a fruit with pleasant taste will be within detection; Fourth will a riddle quickly bring to your minute inspec. tion' Now, fifth's a noun that signifies the union of three; And in my next a single point upon a card you see; Then take for last one-fourth of vile. With that the diamond ends, So now I bid good-bye unto all loyal riddling friends. J. G. LAiIBERT. METAGRAM. No. 3. Years have passed since first we parted At the rustic wicket gate, Lingering sadly, broken.hearted, Though we knew the hour was late, Heeding not the darkening heaven, Over next with many a cloud- She a little maid of seven, I a schoolboy strong and proud. Susie was the miller's daughter, And my plaything, pet, and pride; Very sweet and fair I thought her, Standing meekly by my side; One hand third to mine was clinging And her bosom heaved with sighs, For my farewell words were bringing Hot tears to the soft brown eyes. Memory to each was showing Visions of the happy next, When with health and pleasure glowing, Ne'er a thought our spirits vexed. Now my pleasant days were over, Fifths henceforth my toys must be, For I was to be a rover O'er the rough and briny sea. So I left her, sad and dreary, Standing at the gate alone, And my boyish heart grew weary, For my life had empty grown; And though years have spent the sorrow, And life's hour is growing late, Mem'ry still can sweetness borrow From that parting at the gate. ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. In every house my first is seen, But covered oft with red or green; I'm used to hold all kinds of things; I have four legs and sometimes wings. Although I've legs, I cannot walk; I often creak, but cannot talk. Sometimes my wings hang by my side, Sometimes I open them so wide. A quadruped I am, with wings- Can you believe such funny things ? Take out my centre, I declare Another word for story's there. Wonders, they say, will never cease. I must be something-guess me, please. DELIA H. ENIGMA. No. 5. Pronounced as one letter, but still spelled with three; 'Tis not found in mines, nor obtained from the sea; 'Tis black, brown, or yellov, likewise it is green, And pink, blue or grey it may also be seen. Sometimes 'tis so small that you'll say 'tis not there, And at othats you'll find it as large as s pear; It has the hawk's food to discover to.day, As he travels his course with a kingly sway; Or the tiger in India's jungles drear Without it would ever.be preyless, I fear, It has been in use e'er since the Creation, And truly is worth a strif preservation. J. G. LarnnsT. DECAPITATION. No. 6. My whole is often used in war; Take off the head, and then :I'm sure A luscious fruit you'll:find; Once more behead, and 'twill be said The words a portion of your head, Though dulimb as well as blind. 'KnNI rOT0 TIE'RED CR0Sos
CHARADE. No. 7. My firsts you will find in Yong Folks every week, They can plainly be seen, if you in it but seek; In second my firsts must be written, I know, For our Editor tells us he wishes it so. My whole our dear Ed. does each week in the" Party," When we gather around, with esteem warm anudhearty, And he talks to us freely of all things that are good, While we listen with patience, as each of us should. RED DBAGON, LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. My whole is a detachment. But if .you're in the mood, Take off the head, and you will view A frame or float of wood. A certain part of ships you'll see, If you behead again; Transpose aright, and plump or rich In last you'll see quite plain. W. SAUNDEas, Powmill., REBUS. No. 5. DECAPITATION. Ao . No. 10. In the little, cottage garden grew a lily fair, And the scents of first and woodbine filled the evening air. Fairest of the fair, where all things round about were fair, Allamidst the pinks and lilies sat a maideni there. Standing near her was her second, joy was in his eye; Then she to him quickly becokoned, whispered, " Walter, fly I Here comes pa, with stick uplifted." But ere it could fall, Walter sprang, with speed of lightning, and was third the wall. MAVD BAnmow, MONOPHONE. No. 11. My first's to level to the ground; My next's to elevate; My third, you'll find, means beams'of light. Now please my answer state. FwRIA O'C. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12.
Axox,' CONUONDRUMS. ANoN. No. 13. 1. Your attention I solicit, S.o tell to me, I pray, What well.known flower is it That ne'er enters a bouquet P 2. This, I hope, you will think nice, and Quickly answer it to me- Why's an island'known as Iceland Similar toletter e 8, Solve this riddle-do not tremble, , For it is an easy thing : Why, friends, should a thief resemble Any great and mighty king P H. V. BAn ELL, SQUARE WORDS. ,No. 14. I'm true and genuine throughout, You need not my sincereness doubt' There's nothing;'' make.believe" with me- In short, I'm just my first--d'yb see P A Christian name-no more, my,muse P Wilt allmy soft appeals refuse P Third I even do; she will no more, Althotigh Ifain would higher soar, And now the end is drawing near, . You've oily last to iake appear. , Now, .witty friends, I've had mysay, And therefore wish you all gpod.day
ENIGMAS. No. 15. In the winter you hate and detest me, I know As over your homesteads my presence I throw; But why you dislike me I'm surel I can't guess' For to you I'm a very good friend, none the less. Sometimes, when you're sitting at home of a night, I come in at the window and put out the light, Of the book you are reading the leaves 1 turn o'er, Or deposit your paper and pen on the floor. And Ihave not a doubt that you think me a bore, When I all of a sudden push open the door And take a peep in, then go off out'again, To travel o'er mountain and valley and plain. Away from my presence you cannot well keep, No, not even then you're in bed and asleep;' Neither windows nor doors over me have control, For' I force my way in through a crack or a hole. Is it on this accountthatpoor me,you despise, Or is it because. Iput dust in your eyes ? But most likely, I think, 'tisabecause that I make Your eye, or your tooth, or your whole body ache. The sailor who rides on the turbulent sea Oft trembles in fear at the first sight of me, And the rudely.built cottage that stands on the erne Is but in my hands like a frail wooden post. The noble who lives in his mansion so grand, Both he and his mansion I hold at command; And wherever you travel, I'm sure I don't care, Be it northwards or southwards, you'll find I am there. In the summer you love me, but why I can't tell You say that with me you for ever could dwell, And as you recline 'neath a nice shady tree You wish, but in vain, for the presence of me. H, V. BARWELL, No. 16. A dr~ss for a beggar, A robe for a queen; 'Tis strange that onboth These persons I'm seen. A bombastic speech; A bundle of lies; The great moving bogs; What uncle Tom cries. Inmean, too, to cram; In journals I'm seen, But not in our own Dear Young Folks, I ween. P. M'CALL, Dublin. HIDDEN FRUITS. No. 17. Down at the bottom of the hill I met my sister May. " What news from dear old uncle Will ?" I asked, without delay. "He and his clever little ape Are coming soon," she said. " He'sbought it now a scarlet cape, For standing on its'head." SJ. G. LAMIBERT, DECAPITATION. No. 18. A name behead twice, And lo I in a trice Another boy's name it will be; Behead it again, And then, it is plain, A cardinal colour you'll see. S. FRANKLIN, Liverpool. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 19. Whole is a bird considered good game By sportsmen who after it shoot; Behead and transpose, and then it will name A tree with a wide.spreading root. H. R. BonUEs. No. 20. My whole's a useful kind of spade; Now, please will you behead, A wretched, dirty kind of hut Ithink you'll find'instead; But if you'll once again behead, And now just please transpose, A messenger of Cupid sweet You'll find it will disclose. GIPrs. METAGRAM. No. 21. Oh, Katie, our tom-cat has broken a first In trying to get at my next i Dear me I how I third that she hadn't done that! I know that mamma will be vexed. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. CHARADE. No. 22. First think.of the name of a boy if you can ; My second's an article much used by man; My third is a bird which is fierce after prey; And my whole is a weapon totwound or to slay. HoME RULE, Youghal. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 23. " My first will be a letter plain; My next a kind of fish; A riddler good my third; and next M0ayno onie e'er you wish; My la t's a letter found in you. And low, dear friends, I'll say adieu. SW. SAUNDERS, Powmill,