Oar friend WAL KIrTbN to-day takes the lead in RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ciiBAiE. Whole was a beggi, , , h . g .... dt ," ., Tmhping °glo049 thi gh~ adst ds he opi.rtr jPh~ second accostethbimmsharptggm, nsor ad P Iowis it; my man, thou art begging fr bread F iyour clothes, too, itseems, are all tattered and torn; Shoig quite plainly the time to~e y'e been worn, t ourself, th ilsniing the way P" as, sir don't chidhee""t begg reg ied ,1For f; Bebbind, thitd; biodghh I tidily Rid. N frehds gather round, as in days of the Bl No need then to first, sir-no need then to fast. SServants I kept, and great:riches wer e ine- 0y grand guests artmy table would dine; But sooh all the ionney.*ig fo'absl.i s~Iiite Aid seconid, now poodir, fibil tlie re|dnide iit 1a i bdught aid of those who liad feasted with me, T ecting from them naught but kindness, ytu sees, p.-dupe that I'd bas 1-when ny stotS they hwi d; Their answer-' Assist you I We'Me solry we tl. WAn KInm'ro. METAGBM. No. S. Once a Yankee; tall and lanky, Had a flrst li iwislibd to bll; Sot 'twas viciouS anid cairiciotlS, Very bad in pace aslwell-- Slow and trembling, .not.resembling Second's silent, lightning speed. But theib's bih~-tng sutlia diiin thiiig !- Which was odd bout this iteed ; On most horses; hair bs course is Very p'reva1nit innu.id; . But this " ca tdi'd'hhd nbii pdioid Of such coy ring-none at all I Her poor carcaseiwas as stark-as Third as any }illiard ball. So Po iabhd'er `oiiyh 'Tliiiidii (Such our Yankee's startling name) Wished to sell her or compel her To grdw hai aiid mdre thine:e Once a strianger, itless rahgiri i Came and banged at Tony's gate, And he said lie had cash ready And he wished tb sieutlate. Then said T'ioly, ~ 'ie i pliny Fourth assyoi. could ever know; Somewhat'randy, but how handy An addition to a sloI 1" To the ibaiaer thiln the stihgei Tony courteously took, And he to.ld him to.wi'hhold hi - "Take, f tli ;hil, ha l .iiii But, quite scorning Tony's warning; That mati sixth to ob to n lir. What a.crashiing iand;.sinhahing. Then the frighteied lieiv ns did hear I For that kicker; in far quicker ilanmier than jylp.nci n tell, Kicked I and 'Toyi, tranger, pony, Stable, manger; went pellm Uptvaids speeding, iuibk receding From he eight- W up in hir- Swiftl hieng-onwards flying Ceaselessly to-deuce knows whe~re i BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. CENTRAL ACROSTIO. No. 83- A Scottish lake my tcia trals lh'oj Yon'll tiry to find it out, Itioiw; Gdross Woards. An duthirosd amedhi yha flrst i #iille, The naine's well known to you and me. A f , , my second brings to .view Ilt's surely kiioiri t lilt f iSgt'i A map of Si ej jylieiatae i*:x; And you wil quiiokliy find this town., Ily fourth a, ridll&enow will ,show; 'Tis seen in every'BayI know. Aweapon fifth ill bhrie to mind; i ,, .thi,,yot 1 ,uick/ y bind. Foi last a girl's aiie i omes to view Composed of letters three, Adieu. 0JTt WiLTiihS Bi4itbih DIAOND; ?UZZLE. No. 4. In the alphabet first is found; .My next l' his b:i d, With the lair.lfs .pfg erovnbd, For his hhivalroteduds renownutl, Whosed I he shill neivr gr'w ltlh And ivy thii.'d a Ii'rhetiiote Of Budget cratioin be, Which; I know, you will soon divine) Then a bird, pleas, irith plui~miige finu, And large, so yon'll al agre. As a pastimio m~iy h we know .. Admired by th~ hold and free; Ii which 'enttll1b tdklldd, I.troU, Never wafrlodi , f o ,ilt~.lf '.. Idore brave or inmoie dituntles's than he. A weapon my next brings to sight,. .. , e.pgon'bbt It nd. liuli,. yhlide-fe n .'I it Slow a robhcilfivl4o It foide Iii .a . ..tt btwi' ieW'; Ft,
CHARADE. No. 5. A fleecy robe of cold-white first Lies on the groun4* the little, laughiing rivulets With ite are bound. I sigh-'t-isdreary winter.timeI When will earth greet The joyoi~s.birds and brilliant flowers Of springtlde siteet? When will fair April's sunny show're In soft nexts fall Giiig'thie lea4es a greeier huie On the tires tall P' But though 'tis February chill, * Dreary, nd at, Whi1e's freagile florers I habe fonit> i They inade iii glhd. I tmnPd them bloeming yesterday, 'ith pale ..droop'd head,, isummer rich.hue4d bido6soiii Laty 1id4 Ad d ie ad. BRowxN.EYEs,
REBUS. No. 6. LILY BRWN Boo-tle. LIL BROWN, Bootle.
METAGRAM. No. 7. I'm a town, I'm a plank, I'm a quantity telling; By changing my head, how unlike to be sure For now, if you're troubled with chilblain or swelling, I come to disperse each most troublesome sore. A similar change if you'll now be repeating, Reveals me to all as a welcome repast, And which I've no doubt yop'd be thankfully eating After a long ahnd laborious fabt. Another grand change, and'the bells rlhg'nie clearly, The wind take's the souh'd 6ver valley aid hill; But, change me again, another head merbly, Then..sae I'm not false you most certainly will. This metagram finished, I'll help in the closing' Of envelope, holding a lette. to Ed.; But ere it is ehded, a change I'm proposing, .*Aiid nowt jotui behold me--as ihbet, must be said. Anbther changel Surely you'll ie'er reach conclusion Have patieibe, and see me opbit tb woe' And now my last head in this poor.rhymed elfusion, Reveals what you need, if the answer you'd show. WAL Kutraox.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS., No. 8. L 1 INfi CONSTANCE, CALV~ntT,
MONOUIIONE. To fill a spre ,moment we fill .sppre sheet. To fill a spre coiner in our Iekly Budget; To fillu (~iar lihh, we hodell ho iftfif see't Will fill a spare minute to solve andito judge it. And ii6# for th piplbe. "Tvan oaf1y 1ist night, SA'fiYiietl bof ours fell downi ujion t keb.stoieo S e dse indlin first, for his face lootkd o white, Aid lie itteciti a l'ostlyol Aaid lioilille' dns. W6 bibught hiia some ivat", nait'dforedt hii to 4jdqif~ But really we were both exceediifgly .veked When he rose from the ground with a boisterous laughi dd iairiid; "0ii tliEt lil flrt it aii next. BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. DECAPITATION, N.' :10. ,I sm iiword.of letters.five, . And faou,.domean, BtidBad dte , ridyop 1cisbkly findi - Aiolit6 wil eldeets XIIA oihw ibieiied once aganii, A ltt 'tEilitkrdlyl tl iii to tieiW Ai unit-'tis pot, sic you'll see. And now I say a 4u, . . it.
HIDDEN "BUDGET" HEROINES. No. 11. Oh, pleasant 'tis to seek some verdant wood, And roam in ever-peaceful solitude. O'er valiant heroes' deddB often pore, Yet still inore thrilling deem they than before, Exjpectaint ever ~f some daring deed Whein of Qiieeii Mab; Eliiiii, find Tor I ireaca Delightful 'tie iL fiill.blown flower to view, Of aspect piiii'i ro~~iteb; Aid bright of hue. Rhoda is young--reqisely eight to.day,; .. Alas, how swifh,the years liave rolled tvdvy ! Whose bonds no inortal hand canii: lle 690 REVERSION. o:,. 12. In Kairon I am always seefi As brave as brave can be, , But though I'm bravd I'm ounilliig toi You must remember me. Please to take and turdi ins 'dnndi And a courtly dress is found. ALBERT E. U. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13, nfi st ther suily will be found Avery lo0 aid boggy gi~diid; My second is an enclpsed space, Wiere Kairion won the chariot rnce; My next means to allude, you'll say, And it does read the same each way; A disdainful sound my fourth does mean i; , In last a boy's name will be seen, S. ROBINSON. LOGOGRIPH. No. 14. Attention, dear riddlers, I claim for one minute, This puzzle to show you-I'm sure you'll agree i Nor difficult either to con all within it Your verdict, quite confident am I, will be. A brave Scottish warrior whole you consider, In fancy this ever I hope he'll remain, Ih Budget loi'e hailed as a welcome intruder, Whose actions the mind of each readet retaitn. So please to behead me, and lo I in a second, What next means to change, I admit, is defined; The centre delete, when transposed as I've reckoned, A nobleman's title 'twill bring to your mihd. J. CHARLti CHARADE. No. 15. I'm off to.day to get the Budget, Along the road I'll gaily trudge it, For know, my friends, a con. I sent To take part in our " Tournament," And if 'tis in, oh, won't I be My first the total sight to see I Who ,knows next day I'll take the lead In riddling. Bit I mnist proceed To get the B,; so now, my friends, I'll say good.bye-my riddle ends. M. SWEETMAN, Balbriggan. REVERSION. No. 16. My first a share or portion means, Which, when reversed by you, A thing for catching animals Will quickly bring to view. J. O'Bniit~. CURTAILMENT. No. 17. Glist'ning with sapphires and diamonds bright; Shining with yellow gold, Upion the head of a stately queen Mly first you may behold. A bird with plumage glossy black, Dark as the sable hight, She second as it swiftly flies, Borne upon pinions light. BIaowP.EYEs, SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. My first is used in many a way, As can be prbved by you; My. second; then, I think you'll say, A flower will bring to view. Now third I kniow, you must allow, A giieeii of Egypt killed; And lst in spring on miany a bough You'll see with fledglings filled. KAiRON. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 19. Ener' roped hroy adeh opun oryu dahn, Dan liwa het eibttr mesti, Hte fsle.msae ellb ttah lotls a leknl Aen ginr tou remyr emishe. ANON,