Our friends KITCHNER AND PICKERING to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM. No. 1. INTRODUCTION. Young Folks, it is our real intention To favour you with an invention. " Another one !" you may exclaim, And, curious, inquire its name. We bow, and hasten to obey, Smiling sweetly all the way, Gently cough, then make a speech, Placing all within your reach. Our boldness, friends, you will excuse On hearing this important news. 'Cute HEsarn's inventions found Encouragement because the sound Proved sound enough for admiration, And therefore found appreciation; And, lately, clever H. C. PRICE Proved his invention very nice ; And so, Young Folks, we hope that you Will like our new invention too. DESCRIPTION. Bring a word.within your range, Then the second letter change, Use it like the Metagram- Thus we call it Betagram. Keep on changing second letter, 'Twill describe the riddle better; Thus you work the riddle out. Now to quell your anxious shout. EXAMPLE. A pretty farmyard, owned by first, Before our gaze has quickly burst; See the rare old ivy green, Where the quaint old house is seen. Higbhr up, the purling lahe Winds its course through brier and brake. Here all next scenes fade away, Night triumphant holds the sway; Luna reigns above, supreme, Flooding woods and leaden stream With her pure and silv'ry light. Presto i vanish, silent night. Morning gains now a last hold, Sol soon tips the hills with gold, Birdspipe out the merry lay, Their welcome to the coming day. KITCHINER AND PICKERIING GEOGRAPIIICAL REBUS. No. 2. No. 3. The memory of that awful night At night I dare not walk alone, Or pass yon silent clhurchy- cd gate, Lest dreadfvl first for me should wait. The scene is changed, the word is changed : A monarch moves along, While round about his car is ranged A grand and noble throng. This is the symbol of his might, It sparkles and it glitters brightk alone,; It is before the people's view; ait. He sways them, and he sways it too. SHAMROCK monarch Armah. SHaXEocK, Armagh.
ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Word. In primal letters you will see A poet of celebrity. Cross Words. In first a kind of tree you'll find; A thought will bring it to your mind. A sort of ship in next you'll see; Now, haste and find it out for me. My third a flower will bring to view ; 'Tis greatly liked by all of you. A river tyrant next doth mean, Which preys on dainty fish, I ween. My last's the opposite of old. And now, dear friends, my tale is told. EsPERANZA. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. That this my con. may not be veiled in mystery, I'll say that you have often read in history Of how, in distant lands beyond the sea, Men fought with sword, and battle.axe, and me. Oh, were I but an able public speaker, Instead of what I am, for rhymes a seeker, I'd say,' Young Folks, you've heard, I'll guarantee, Of nutmegs, cloves, of cinnamon and me. And now I stand before your gaze complete, But when my central letters you delete, You'll find-that is, if you will take the pains- Though half my whole has gone, poor me remains. H. V. BARIWELL. ENIGMA. No. 6. I'm found in the forest, I'm found in the dell, I'm found in the fields, Where cattle oft dwell. I'm found in the cottage, I'm found in the house, I'm found in the village, Where people carouse. I'm found in the lane, And likewise the street; I'Jm found in relations, And people you meet. I'm found in the hovel, And in every roadside ; I'm found in all rivers, Where pleasure-boats glide. I'm found inthe brook, And in every stream; I'm found in the ocean, Where fishes do gleam. E. PnRITCRD AND II. WVELLIIAM. PALINDROME. No. 7. All dogs were this once in their life ; 3nut please to turn it round, And you dill find that just the same It surely will be found. DEMOSTIIENES. LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. In the famous days of old Many firsts did roam the seas; They were cruel, bad, and bold, Naught save gore their eyes did please. Now my first curtail, and, lo I If what's left you will transpose, Quite a diff'rent thing 'twill show, As, no doubt, each riddler knows. Second-so, at least, 'tis said- In America is found; 'Tis a kind of quadruped Whose name isn't much renowned. J. P. IluniUaTroN. METAGRAM. No. U. In whole a rope or chain is seen, By which a ship is anchored ; Change head, and 'tis a tale, I ween, As " Bruin and the Tankard." Change head again (do not demur), Of each house 'tis the end; Change head, and traders for its fur The Eastern marts attend. Once more change head, 'tis made of wood, Inside your house 'tis seen; 'Tis used when you partake of food. Now you'll know what I mean. KINDERGARTEN. OMEGRAM. No. 10. From our chimneys it ascends, With the atmosphere it blends. Chain of rocks, the surface near, Many a ship has stranded here. Through its whirling mazes see Scottish maidens flit with glee. Water-plant with hollow stem, Oboe tubes are formed of them. W. SAUNDERS, Powmill.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 11. Foundatioa Words. In spring they bloom where'er they'rc To please the heart of youth and man In every nook, in every dell, While aerial songsters joyous swell Their sweetest notes and songs, to tell That spring at last, Now frosts are past, Has sprung from the crypt of winter's snows To gladden the earth where'er it goes. Cross Words. The crowd of people onward rushes As strong as any water.tide Oh, the joltings and the crushes In Cannon-street and in Cheapside I Thought to be a place of wonder By every countryman one meets A victim Bad to traffic's thunder That onward presses through the streets. Naught that in our lifetime strives Can this the ties that bind our lives. In olden times, when George the Third was El, And ugly hats and ruffles quite the fashion When pistol-duelling was quite " the thing,' When men were roused to any pitch of passion, With many more now unfamiliar phrases i, It now has met with undeserved fate No longer now the English tongue it gee For now the word is entirely out'of date. The eagle skims the rocky heights, And many a lesser bird it fights, And hastens down with lightning speed My helpless fifth to kindly feed. He sat in the council as wise, I daresay As any another that sat there that day. Although it is wise, in a garden of miue I grew it, and made of it excellent wine. The Indian, o'er the broad Atlantic main, Roams on his mustang the prairie and Ehe plain, And many's the creature he has caught by his ruse, But his prey cannot ever free itself from the noose. From it comes many a sound and tale of woe, That mortal's lot it is to ever know, When signs of sorrow blanch the fairest cheek, A sorrow that no mouth could ever speak, And justice to it do. But sometimes happiness may come from these, Words that may comfort, and words to please, Words of gratitude, endearment, and of praise, That oft may come up again in future days As grateful as falling dew. A. II. ScaEs,. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12. S. SuTElD DECAPITATION. No. 13. Now grim winter's reign has ended, Spring is now earth's queen; At her call all nature's donning Robes of em'rald green. Birds first forth their joyous warblings From the leafy bow'rs, And the fields are once more dotted O'er with dainty flow'rs. In the wood we hear the gushing Of the next again, That by icy bonds was silenced Through the winter's reign. O'er the sky the clouds are sailing, Pure and silv'ry white; O'er the earth the sun is casting Rays of golden light. And we see the children tripping Lightly o'er the ground, And we hear their merry voices Through the woods resound. But the voice of our fair Nellie Does not 'mongst them ring; Third and weary, Death had borne her To a brighter spring. CONCoPDII, CHARADE. No. 14. One afternoon, within a vale serene, I wandered with my cousin, Nellie Green, Where the roses red and the lilies rare Wasted their gorgeous perfume on the air. " Phil, pluck me second of these lilies white, And also second of these roses bright, That with them I may form a pretty bunch To place upon the table during lunch." " Yes, dear coz, since these sweet flow'rs you treasure, I'll cull second of them with much pleasure. Oh, dearest Nell, look at this fine moss.rose I You'll keep it for your hair, coz, I supposeP " Ah, yes, it is a grand rose, I declare, Meet to adoan any young maiden's hair! Please, frst it to me, and you'll fled I will Carefully guard it for your sake, dear Phil. That night at a dress.ball we did appear, Nell as Ophelia, and I as King Lear: Coz looked so whole that the fair ones around With envious passion their pearl teeth ground. P. N. GAriEY, Dublin,