OUR PRIZE COMPETITIONS, OUR ORIGINAL FABLE COMPETITION.
We offer Two Handsome Prizes, one for competitors under 20, and the other for those under 15, for the best Original Fable in prose or verse. Conditions. Papers may be of any length, but as the best fables teach important truths in a short compass, we shall give the pre- ference to those which are most concise and terse. Papers must be strictly original; no translations from French or Gernian fables will be admitted. The fables, must all teach some moral. All papers must be sent to the Editor by the 18th inst. OUR ORIGINAL CHARADE COMPETITION. We offer Two Handsome Prizes, one for competitors under 20, and the other for those under 15, for the best Original Charade in verse. Conditions. The Charades may be of any length, but as in the above- competition, preference will be given to conciseness. Charades must be sent to the Editor by the 25th inst. We may point out the difference between an enigma and charade, that whereas an enigma describes a thing as a whole by its properties, a charade divides its subject into parts, and treats of its first, and second, and so on, and its whole. Ve shall publish the best papers in each competition. provided they are suitable, and shall forward six copies of oar Magazine to the various prize winners. We shall also award prize certificates to all who may deserve them. We must call special attention to the following regiulations, which must be rigidly enforced. The conditions of our competitions must be strictly kept. All papers should be addressed to the Editor. Many are sent to Mr. Hall, who is not the editor, but the publisher. All ,heeis should be connected, and should have the name, age, and address of the writer at the topg of page 1. Papers should be written on one side only. Stamps must always accompany those papers which are required to be returned. JWe cannot unde'rtac e to cturn papers which are applied for after they are sent. No correspondence can be. entered into concerning the competitions.