Our friend F. C. FINCH to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, CHARADE. No. 1.
Behold a scene in early day, Of military grand display, Where first, 'midst battlements and walls, In frowning majesty appals; And all is peace, in sunny glow-- A gay parade, a pompous show. The darkness gathers, Luna's crest Shines o'er a scene of happy rest; No sound is heard save sentries' tread; 'Tis last, and troops are snug in bed, And calmly sleep, not knowing fear, When harkl a shot! A foe is near! To arms I to arms! Loud sound the blast From tower to tower the troops are massed, Guns' mighty thunders loudly sound, And whole finds primal to the ground; Here veteran mingles with recruit, And guns are hushed, and drums are mute. F. C. FINCH, Addlestone. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. Dear riddlers, pray hearken to me for awhile, And a puzzle I'll quickly unfold. Now if I attempt your lone hours to beguile, Sure you will not consider me bold. By scanning my centrals crossways and down, Cars without horses are found, That night, noon, and morning travel to town, O'er smooth and uneven ground. My first is a letter from terra or trance, 'Tis found in fantastic likewise; In childhood my second you oft did, perchance; 'Tis done by mankind of all size. Through river and valley, like swift lightning's flash, My third without fear doth go, O'er mountain and chasm, with terrible crash, While grim death awaits below. A dance in old Ireland my next will reveal That the girls and boys all adore; For last, note a letter from wintry, congeal. Adieu, friends, my riddle is o'er. P. N. GAFNEx, Dublin. ENIGMA. No. 3. Unannounced, friends, I've entered. No stranger am I, For I've travelled all countries 'neath heaven's blue sky; I'm a native of Africa, Asia likewise; In America I'm of leviathan size. As for Europe, my name is as cherished there Just as though I were formed of bright diamonds rare. Though extensive my travels, of feet I have none, Yet 'twould greatly surprise you the miles I have run. My dimensions so differ, from twenty miles long, I may reach quite two thousand, tumultuously strong. I've a mouth, but, how strange I 'tis not found in my head. Stranger still, I ne'er sleep though I'm always in bed; And, believe me, my head may but measure three feet, Yet my mouth may encompass three thousahd complete. With the costliest jewels my bosom's been decked, Yet, alas I 't has with filth oft unseemly been flecked. Have I secrets? Who has not? Yea, secrets have I; Many thousands deep down 'neath my broad bosom lie. I'm no babbler, my secrets I faithfully keep; Once received, I assure you I bury them deep, And secure, p'r'aps, for thousands of years they abide; All efforts to gain them I've stoutly defied. My uses are manifold, why enumerate them P 'Twould fill quite a volume to just simply relate them. J. Mxnis, Dalton.in.Furness. HIDDEN CHRISTIAN NAMES. No. 4. " Mamma, you said I might go out This afternoon with nurse; And then, you know, you promised, too, That I might buy a purse." "I know I did," said Rosie's ma; "But you can't go to.day." "I will-I am determined to 1" Cried Rose, and ran away. Now, friends, read all the verses through, But please do it with care, Or else I fear you'll never find The names I've hidden there. CoNconDIA. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. A poet clever my primals show, If downwards read aright, My finals, in like manner read, A riddler bring to sight. Cross Words, What means to quiet or suppress, Is flrst; my next will be Another word used for untie; For third a boy's name see; An Irish patriot fourth will show, Well known is he to fame; In "Kairon" you will find my fifth, It is an Arab's name; A Young Folks heroine comes next, A general favourite she ; And now for last, dear riddling friends, Part of the arm you'll see. LucY R. BASKEIVILLE, Belfast. DECAPITATION. No. 6. Where'er I rule supreme o'er good, Discomfort must be rife; Behead me, though I am not food, You live on me through life. W. KIAUNEY, Bootie. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. If you an Irish town curtail, And afterwards transpose, A number surely without fail, The answer will disclose. J. J,fswos.
REVERSION. No. 8. I'm a verb that means to be possible, I'm part of each year as well; I'm also a female Christian name; My name, I've no doubt, you can tell. It now reverse, and then (how strange 1) You will behold a wondrous change. I'm a large esculent tuber or root, Which, doubtless, you all will have seen, For in kitchen gardens I may be found, For I've grown very popular, I ween. J. G. LanmBERT. REVERSION. No. 9. My first's a merry Highland dance, But if you tarn it round, What is a bad, malicious glance I'm sure will then be found. EDITH. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 10. T. DICKsoN, Tullyhogue. DECAPITATION. No. 11. Laughing first flows through the meadows green, Bright are the waves with its sunlight's sheen; Over it lean the forget-me-nots blue, Mingled with lilies of snowy white hue. Please tell its name, my riddling friends dear, Then please behead, and to you will appear A bird with a voice neither lovely nor clear. BROWN.EEsB. MONOPHONE. No. 12. So essential to life, though apart from the same My next, d la iade, adorns the human frameo; I inherit the wealth, my proof is here found- Yet strangers are we, though synonymous in sound. AnON.
REBUS. No. 13. T. LOURAINE. ENIGMA. No. 14. You'll trace me in that woman's song, Who worketh on so steadily; 'Tis but a simple, tuneful lay, And yet you'll find me readily. You'll see me in her gentle face, Revealing naught of sadness there; Contentment, though her lot is hard, Has written me in gladness there. You'll find me bearing to her ear The bird's shrill song, and cheerily She stitches on till darkness falls, Then rises slow and wearily. FLOSsIE B., Manchester. CHARADE. No. 15. " A tree and its fruit," so my first is defined; My next in your purse I am sure you will finid, Either twenty or fifty, thirty or three, My whole, lest I'm dreamy, can suie enough be. GEOR14E G.
ACROSTIC, No. 16. Cross Words. First has four eyes, that you all will agre a Hymns were this deity's care C1re; As we love the land, so my thirhd loves t My fourth was a musician rare es these Foundation Word. Dear Young Folks, find the initials of these And a goddess they'll bring to your view' I have finished my riddle, so now I will eas Regretfully bidding adieu, ns NOVA Pnlyl~ CHARADE. No. 17. The summer sun is setting In glory in the west, Our earthly world forgetting, To sink in weary rest; Its final glow is casting A orimson.coloured smile, While I my way am first.ing Towards the meadow.stile. I sit upon it musing, And smoke my pet cigar, A story I am choosing, With plot not total. Ah I Why do I linger lonely, The hours to beguile? I'll tell you, then: 'tis only Because I love the stile. Ah me I in days fast fading A maiden I can trace, With pretty sun.hat shading Her sweet and loving face. She used to kiss my last head, With ever-loving smile. Those hours were not wasted When we were at the stile. Alas! she nowis sleeping Beneath the willow tree, Which constantly is weeping Sweet. ears of constancy. Her spirit-form is resting In heaven, free from guile, Whilst I life's ways am breasting, Oh, gloomy meadow-stile I H. C. LEONoAD, ENIGMA. No. 18. Far beneath the splash of the waves, I am found in the ocean caves; Their sides are seen to hold my form; I dread no winds and fear no storm. Roll on, ye seas, I am the graves Of sailors drowned in your fierce waves. Upon my points, as ihe may pass, The mermaid hangs her looking-glass. My size is varied; here I'm small- There I am great, like a strong wall. Sometimes the waves roar over me, But oft I'm seen above the sea, And, woe I the bark that strikes my head, It strikes, and breaks, and sinks like lead, And yet upon the steamer's deck, Around the captain's daughter's neck, I form a necklet of beauty. Who'd think that I came from the sea? As pearls from oysters charm our dames, So I, from sea.rocks, gain their claims. F. T. Muanlorr, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 19. All those who would the answer know, Must find a kind of grain; 'Tis not an English one, dear friends. Now, have I made that plain ? If so, and you the word have found, My centre take away, And then you'll see a labyrinth. I've finished, so good day. CoNcoOBDI, SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. Dark and glossy, fair and bright, Ladies love to view it; And my next announces you Capable to do it. 'Gainst my third in life we must Manfully contend; And with well.deserved repose Now your labours end. T. L. liensI, No. 21. The edge of anything for first; To travel next will be; An image or a god for third; To soften, last you'll see. J. W. KNIeHT, Herne lill, OMEGRAM. No. 22. How sweet its ripple when earth's green with verdure, And tinkling bells on breezes light are borne When, furzy second, that same breeze halth stirred vaI Wild prickly twigs and yellow flowers at mornl! Mark yonder thrush, her all.impatient third o'er, She sees the worm she bore them piecemeal torn, And eager bills, for further food distended, Proclaim the morning meal is hardly ended. V Hine