Our friend E. S. HOPE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 1.
First is a herb from which a drink is made, Which is enjoyed ny wights of ov'ry grade; Our venerable ancestor comes second, At least by Darwin so this brute is reckoned- I don't know why, unless his own sweet face, Mirror'd uiitinctly in his morning glass, Steeped -him in thought; then, warmed by midnight lamp, And rained upon by perspiration damp, Thb' theory-bud its ink-daubed leaves unfurled, And bared the grand idea to the world. Third, please advance-to what it says give ear : SI make au'new the rotten ship appear; By p.tty aided for a little term, I cloak the mischief of the canker-worm. The ship gets wrecked : to glut the owner's purse Insurance companies must e'en disburse The ancient flirt who strives her artful best To live her youth twice over, has me pressed Into her service. With my magic touch I bleach the bloom that blushes on her nose; I stroke her saffron jaws ; my power is such rPoat from her faded cheek buds forth the rose. For these my meanest uses blame me not; One sweeter, better, holier use I've got- The artist hopes. through me, to earn just praise, And be rewarded with a crown of bays; 'Those transient beauties Nature oft does give, Which else mirht die, are seized by me and live." In fourth behold a loved young poet's name, Destined to grace the rosy page of Fame. Fifth is a tree that, whilst it shades the earth, Cannot be young. 'ts old e'en at its birth I In the sixth word you see the passive tool Of ev'ryone. philosopher or fool; Words of calm wisdom from the learned sage, Frothy oars, children of the patriot's rage, Loyalty, treason, words of blasphemy, With gentle ones of holy piety- All 'twill in silence tell unto its page. Losing my seventh, the lordly lion's roar And dread-inspiring growl would be no more. The centrals read from point to point, when lo l A Budget poet's name to light will grow: Youthfl in years, vet, in his taste mature, His sentiments are beautiful and pure, Loved by each "Party " guest is he I'm sure. E. S. HoPE, Liverpool. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 2. My whole to you Will bring to view A species of a tree; Curtail. turn round, And will soon be found A manger-don't you see ? Then behead, You'll see instead A part of your frame, it's near your breast. Have you this guessed ? Adieu till we meet again. J. MRRAY, Liyvercol. A county in Ireland if you curtail, Wh .t we eat you'll have withont fail; Reverse me now, and then, you'll eee, A companion I will surely be; Behead me now, and then transpose, And a kind of shrub I will disclose ALLAN AND NICHOLSON, Sunderland. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Cross Words. A town found in Moravia, Made famous by a fight; 'Twns here the first Napoleon Once put his foes to flight. Just note his airs, his graceful strut, As through the street he goes; His proud contempt of all, and yet His use there no one knows. It buoys us up when trouble comes, And helps to soothe our sorrow; Though it be dark to-day. why. perhaps, The sun may shine to-morrow. 'Tis centuries since, of which I write, 'Twas in the Saxons' d.ay; This famous priesthood which I name, Did then hold powerful sway. And now a town of Lombardy FoP this you must obtain. Where the French, under Napoleon, Did once a victory gain. Across the broad Atlantic To America we'll go; The North, I mean; for there you'll find The State that I now show. Through life be honest, upright, just, To trouble ro'er give way; Be firm, resist temptation, and To this pray ne'er give way. I love a pretty, blue-eyed maid, With lovely golden hair; Who sends her love to our Young Folks, Her name you must declare. Foundation Word. A gallant and heroic Greek, Before whom foemen fled ; Against whose mighty strength and skill Few dared to stand, 'tis said. C. MARSH, Dudley. METAGRAM. No. 5. An English town if you change head. What means to draw you'll have instead; Change bead again, and you will see The re erse of empty I shall be; Again change head, and then, I ween, An animal is to be seen. T. DRAKE, Stratford.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 6. If from a useful weapon The centre you delete, A pretty kind of needlework You then will have complete. A. DALE, Leicester. No. 7. A word for giver my whole will be, But if you the central delete, You will thou have what you see When you're walking down the street. H. BI:YNON, Bristol. No. 8. I'm covered with dust, But of centre bereft. What each man should do Will plainly be left. ABRACADABRA.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 9. SJRi J. MURRAY, Liverpool.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 10. Foundation Words. My primals and my finals two generals will show, One was England's champion, the other was her foe. C'oss Words. A weapon much used in atcient times My first will surely name; My second, if by you guessed aright, A relative will proclaim. A mountain range for my third put down, Your atlas'for it scan; My next in the Scriptures will be found, It is a name for man. And now, " in the year of our Lord," I know, You'll find my fifth will mean ; My sixth is a small but useful thing, 'Tis used by all, I ween. Our Young Folk's Budget is my seventh, Whic you'll all own I wis; Napoleon, when in exile, used At Elba to do this. A preposition ninth will name, I'm sure 'tis known to you; My last is drawing on apace- So now I'll say adieu. M. L. WADE. London.
REBUS. No. 11. GALL, London.
PUZZLE. No. 12. One-fifth of found, One-fifth of round. And then one-third of tea, One-third of sit, One-third of pit, And then one-fourth of knee, One-fourth of good, One-fourth of hood, And ninth you'll find in shame: By adding now one-fourth of maim, You will find out this large town's name. Ton. DECAPITATIONS. No. 13. An English city please behead, A female's name you'll have instead. LILLIAN E. No. 14. What's worn by every one please behead, And a garden tool you'll have instead. MoURAD V.
CHARADES. No: 16. One lovely morning in the spring I through the fields did chance to stray; The larks. far up above my head, Sang out with joy their tuneful lay. The sun upon the earth shone bright, And all around it did adorn; And everything s emed grand and gay Upon that bright and lovely morn. I strolled along by hedgerows gay, And rivulets which ran so clear; While gazing down upon the ground I spied my whole, to me 'twas near. I stood and closely watched my first, Upon my second there it ran; Now solve this little puzzle out, And guess my whole-I'm sure you can. J. A. MARKS, Ballymena, No. 18. This bird is often heard to crow At early dawn of day ; And this is found in water fresh, A pretty fish you'll say. The bird and fish together put, And they to you will show An insect found in many a house, 'Tis troublesome, I know. J. RicHARDSON, LiverpooL No. 17. I often clean my boots upon My first in dirty weather; Second it fastenoth my door, Please pit the two together. When you have done this, you will find An English town ihey name, Which for its noted mineral springs Hlas won for it great fame. NEMO. CURTAILMENTS. No. 18. A girl's name of tail bereft, Another one you will have left. T. MARSHALL, Sunderland. No. 19. A body of troops if you curtail, A part of your person you'll have without fail. P. HAILEr, Birkenhead. No. 20. If you curtail a place of sale. What means to injure you'll have without fail; Again curtail, and then you'll find A parent to you, both good and kind. F. H. BYNOvN, BristoL PALINDROM]S. No 21. Read backwards and forwards, I nm just the same, And to give you a clue, I'm a girl's Christia i name. H. PALMER. No. 22. A little dog my whole will name, Backwards and forwards it reads the same. Bow-Wow, Essex. No. 23. My whole an action's sure to show ; Reversed, it shows the same. I know. J. M. SMITH, Ruglen. TRANSPOSITION. No. 24. A very useful mineral, Used 'by both high and low; Transpose it, a shoemaker's tool You'll find 'twill quickly show. W. HALL, LiverpooL VERBAL CHARADES. No. 25. First is in eat, but not in dog; Next is in marsh, but not in bog; Third is in ram, but not in ewe; Fourth is in red, but not in blue ; Fifth is in little, but not in big; Sixth is in vessel, but not in brig; Next is in Sam, but not in Joe- These a boy's name soon will show. J. P. L. No. 26. My first is in cave, but not in den ; My second's not. in sparrow. but 'tis in wren; My third is in barge, but not in boat; My fourth is in vest, but not in coat ; My fifth is in claw, but not in finger; My sixth is in hesitate, also in linger; My seventh's in beach, but not in shore; My eighth's not in bellow, but 'tis in roar. These letters find and place aright, And a well-known herb will come to sight. J. CALVERT. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Future. Thus : Fate. 15.--Nelson. Thus : Novel, Unicorn, Trouble, Uncle, Ellen, Lance, Satip, Order, Recollections, Ergo. Noble. 2.-Night-in-gale. 16.-Time and tide wait for 3.-Derwent. no man. 4.-Achilles. Thus : Aln- 17.-Severn, sever. wick, Cardiff, Halifax, 18.-Apert, aper, ape. Itchen, Lincoln, Leicester, 19.-Ram, arm, mar. Exeter, Southampton. 20.--Tremble, treble. 5.--Throne, heron. 21.-Ban-dole-pr. 6.-Rose, sore, ore, roe. 22.-Black our-rant. 7.-Spine, pine, pin. 23.-Desire, reside. 8.- K 1 T E 24.-Ass, lion, horse, camel, I D E A bear, dog, deer, hart, stag. T E E S 25.-Ling, king, sing, wing, EAST ring. 9.-Bouncer. ounce. 25.-Umbrella. 10.-Greece. Athens. Thus: 27.- V GeorgiuA, RoberT, Ex- L E moutH, ExE, CavaN, I ER EnniS. I S E E 11.--Clock, Irok. A 8 I Z E 12.-Truth, Ruth. ORA N E 13.-Harm, arm. E 14.-Cape Hatteras.