OUE SPHINX.
Lellersto be addressedto the Editor, " Puzzle Department." Care of W. E. Laurence, 81, Fleet Street, E.G. Contributions must be accompanied by the name and address of the writer. Answers to be sent in within seven days of the publication of the number in which the puzzles, «fee. to which they refer, appear. CHARADES. Lady Alice, Lady Alice, Why are you so proud and fair ? Not for me your bright eyes sparkle, Not for me you braid your hair. Not for me you smile so sweetly, Though my first is all your own ; And your spells so deep and lasting, Over me are tightly thrown. Lady Alice, Lady Alice, In the gay and courtly throng, You are fairest of the fair, Foremost in the dance and song. There are lovely diamonds flashing, On thy fair and noble brow ; But these worshipped, flattered, courted, Ye have not my second now. Lady Alice, Lady Alice, What are ail your jewels worth, To a calm, contented spirit, Though ye had the whole wide earth. Oh ! I know that there are moments, When you sigh—alas I in vain ; For my whole, it once was yours, But can never be again. Lady Alice, Lady Alice, Think ye ever how we met, When my Whole yoar hands were wreathing, 'Mong your floating curls of jet. You were then a lovely maiden, Simple, artless, free from guile; And this earth seemed like a heaven, In the sunshine of your smile. Lady Alice, Lady Alice, Seek I now a stranger's land; Happy he who shall inherit The rich treasure of your hand. And I'll pray for you, dear lady, That my second with you be ; And my first shall still be yours, When I'm ou the dark blue sea. A. M. LlNDLKl'. 2. My first is a sort of cup, my second is a large weight, and my whole is a large city in China. IiOBiN Hood. 3. My firstis a machine for grinding corn, my second is a large weight, and my whole is a celebrated English poet. Ковш Ηουι>. 4. About the treasures of my first, The classic scribe hath told ; My second may be found in wealth, But is not held in gold. If long pent up within my third You'd scarcely keep so gay ; Nor would you much prefer my fourth, With its two tails away. My whole the Anglo-Saxon race Possess in high degree ; And to be more explicit, is A noble quality. ENIGMA 1 bear a wealth of leafy bloom, And plainly show that Spring is come, Yet severed through though I may be, The process does not cripple me. ARITHMOREM. 1000 and Juan (A river in India) 150 „ O toe (An animal) 100 „ he or a (A poem) 60 „ non se (Au English Admiral) 56 „ eo (A tree) 1000 ,, as roof (An Island in the Pacific) 000 „ U no egg (A fish) 1000 „ one ane (A flower) 50 „ raw (A chain of M. in Europe) Ö2 „ hegnatNG(ABird) 1000 „ hat woa К (A weapon) The initiale, read downwards, will give the name of a person well known in the tale of " Bolingbroke." J. Нинт. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. A battle is being fougbt which is the end of a civil war. Two armies are lighting, one commanded by the King and the other by a Prince. In the middle of the battle a large portion of the King's army is seen leav¬ ing the rest and joins the Prince's army, which decides the battle. The King, seeing that all is lost, rushes into the thickest of the fight and soon falls dead. The crown of the King is soon found, and is placed on the head of the Prince, who is proclaimed King, under the title of King ■-------- Reader, what was the-title, and where was the battle fought ? E. Black. SOLUTION TO SPHINX, No. XI. Riddle 1. The lady is 36 and her niece is 9. It is evident six years previously she was ten times as old ; for she was 30, and her niece 3.j