Our friend H. W. CAVILL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 1.
Now hearken, all ye learned ones, and I will tell to you A tale of how a maiden loved a warrior bold and true. The knight was called Sir Hugh Moncrean, and Lady Rose the maid; He loved the maiden earnestly, and at her feet he laid His heart and hand and all his wealth, and asked her to accept His love, and plight her troth to him. The maiden only wept, And said, " I may not wed thee until thou hast overthrown The villain who is now confined within the Tower of Stone, And for his firsts has long been doomed in misery to be; If thou shouldst overcome him then I will wed with thee." Sir Hugh Moncrean was not dismayed; he soon resolved to meet The ruffian dread in mortal fight and bring him to his feet. The day that would decide his fate dawned bright, and, sword in hand, The warriors fierce, in armour clad, determined, took their stand. Long time the combat lasted, and neither could prevail, Though blows fell thick and fast upon their coverings of mail; At last the knight, with fearful strength, his sword plunged thro'ugh his foe, Whose seconds then for mercy died in whispers hoarse and low, As, with his fast-expiring strength, he waved above his head A portion of his broken sword, and sighing, fell back dead. Sir Hugh Moncrean was wedded to the lovely Lady Rose, And lived with her in peace and joy, as hist'ry truly shows. H. W. CATILL, Luton. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. See ye yonder stately building P 'Tis the home of some great peer; Judging from its outward splendour, It a primals does appear. And the man who is its master Owneth also these broad lands, Even to the oaks majestic In the midst of which it stands. See ye yonder lowly structure, Covered o'er with ivy green P And, pray tell me, have you ever In your life viewed prettier scene ? 'Tis the dwelling of the peasant, Who, I oft have heard it said, Lives as happy as the noble, Though he toils to earn his bread. Is the rich man any better Than the peasant or the serf, Or the honest-hearted rustic Who attends unto the turf ? Does he live a life more happy. Though his fortune ne'er will cease, Than the serf, who in my finals Lives a lowly life of peaee ? Cross TWords. When the sun to rest is sinking, It is an enchanting sight. Slowly, slowly daylight fadeth; Slowly creepeth on the night. 'Tis a wondrous transformation When the daylight is estranged. Nature bears a diff'rent aspect, As if by first it had been changed. The leaders of the Trojan war, Both Theseus and Hercules, With Jason, in this well-known ship, Did boldly sail the eastern seas. See the slothful boy returning Home from school, and, 'pon my word, He is crying. What's the reason ? Why, because he has been third. See, a little fourth is flowing Slowly by the old yew tree, Flowing into some large river Until it shall reach the sea. 'Tis a notion or opinion That my fifth is, I declare' Next's a shape, and this I'll tell you, That 'tis neither round nor. square. Hark I the bells for church are ringing, Slowly people wend their way Unto it to praise their Maker, For it is the Sabbath day And when they are once inside it, They this part are sure to see. This con.'s finished, now, pray tell me, Whate'er can the answer be. H. V. BARWELL. CHARADES. No. 3. In summer, after heavy thunder show'r, My brilliant first o'erspans the rain.dimmed sky; Unwelcome visitor my second is, And causes nights of wakeful agony. Within the icy circle of my whole The Northern Lights gleam o'er the frozen wave; There lies, brave martyr unto Science' cause, Intrepid Franklin in a nameless grave. G. BEVERS, Bootle. No. 4. My first is a colour; My next's part of you; My total's a riddler Both loyal and true. J. G. LAMBERT. METAGRAM. No. 5. A sort of fuel is this, I ween, Not now much used and seldom seen Change head, this gives in winter cold Much comfort both to young and old; Again change head, and when you're tired You'll say this is to be desired; Lastly change head, and you will find A great deed of the limbs or mind. NIr DEsPAnlunawM.
DOUBLE PALINDROME. No. 6. A female's name, though turned around, Unaltered still it will remain; Decapitate, curtail, and now A female's name appears again; Then once again, please, turn it round, And once again it fails to change; A double palindrome Dear friends, I must avow 'tis very strange. J. CHARLES, Belfast. METAGRAM. No. 7. A swampy place in first is seen, It is a kind of bog, I ween; Without my next no books you'd see, I'm sure I have it now with me. Look in the "Zoo," my third is there, The lion has it, and the bear; Last is a bird, eggs it does lay. Now, dear young friends, I'll say good day. CLEri COZENS. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS, No. 8. JI A. HALLE. DECAPITATION. No. 9. Of ev'ry cart this is a part; Behead, and it is plain That of your foot and of your boot A portion will remain; Behead once more, and I am sure A little fish you'll gain. C. F. BA~ nR CHARADES. No. 10. O'erhead at night my first you'll see; A kind of sea.fish next will be; Now, if aright you join the two, A talking-bird will come in view. P. N. GAFNET, Dublin, No. 11. My first you are now, or else once you have been; My second to answer this riddle will seek; My whole has strange leaves, for they never are green, And blossoms delightfully every week. LOTTIE W., Brighton. REBUS. No. 12.
TRANSPOSITION. HOnTo No. 13. lam a word not very long, I indicate, first, all that's wrong; Next, at my tail spy head you place, I still mean everything that's base. Transpose again, then I'm much worn By ladies, and I oft adorn A European lady's face; In Turkey, too, the same's the case. Again transpose, and then I mean What's done by beggar and by queen; By all alike, no matter who, High, low, rich, poor-I, too, and you. W. KEARNEY, Bootle. HIDDEN ENGLISH RIVERS. No. 14. And now, dear mamma, as I said I would write, You see I've remembered my promise all right. I hope you're quite well, and that pa:is no worse; I am sure he is glad to have you for his nurse. We're getting on splendidly, so are the rabbits, And' Artie is leaving off all his aad habits. My little white rat died on Saturday night, We all feel so grieved for thie poor.little mite. I have no more news, so, withlove, I have done, In hopes you'll soon write to your own little son. E.D.H.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC, Fowndatiol Words. No. 15. A Young Folks tale my nrim Finals the heroine of the name 1I Cross Words. An animal* a female name; A kind of string is third; A mineral water is my fourth, Of it no doubt you've heard. This famous leaning tower comes netl! Sixth is an inland sea, In Russia 'tis, I ween; my seventh A lovely flower will be. What means to rend put down for eigth A number ninth will show r eighth And now for last please to put down Another word for no. LucY R. BAsRvILLE, Bellat CHARADES. No. 16. The sound of the battle is heard from afar, For cannon are dealing the horrors of war; The trumpets are sounding, the flags float on high And fierce cries of vengeance mount up to the sy, Our horses are shrieking with terror and pain. Our comrades are falling, and pile up the slain, Look where the foe comes in anger and heat! Where are the troops his wild soldiers to beat? Stand firm, ye warriors, stand to your post! Fear not their onslaught or all will be lost, Here come our horsemen, they ride to your aid, Stand firm, ye warriors, of naught yet afraidl A heart-stirring total is heard from the rear Its words give us valour, it tells naught of fear' It tells but of heroes, of honour that's dear, And naught of disgrace or defeat do we hear, Know then, ye heroes, who in my first fight, My last will tell of your glorious might, Your deeds will be honoured, great glory will come To all who fight bravely for country and home. F, T. Mlencon,' No. 17. My brother first was gazing last And whole into a cage Where many lions were eating fast, And one was in a rage. My brother gave a fearful start When he gave out a roar, And ran away, nor did he stop Till close upon our door. H. L. CLEEmI, DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. My whole's a kind of waterfowl That you, no doubt, do kiow; But if you will behead it A garden tool 'twill show, J. TRowsnls, No. 19. A great foreign province In whole you will trace; Behead, and a country Will come in its place. C. F. isem, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 20. Centrals crossed both ways, And then being read aright, A European country I guess they'll bring to sight. My first is in had; My last is there, too; My second's a drunkard I don't like-do you ? What a bell always does, In this you will see; A European country This is, you'll agree. What we often do When upon our feet; A black liquid this. But now I'll retreat. W. KEANEI, Boo00te SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. By drapers used, and lawyers, too, I'm red, and white, and black, and blue; A measured space, but 'tis not wrong To say I to a house belong; A fruit that best in England grows, My taste well every schoolboy knows; A man of high and noble birth, Whose title is not all he's worth. , Fae, METAGRAM. No. 22, A very well known wine My total will define; But if you would now kindly change the head, A very luscious fruit Which will your palate suit, Assuredly will by you all be read. W, Prmen -4---