Our friend Tou to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIO, No. L Foundation Word.
If we wish to do the right, We must keep my whole in sight; For we saw 'twas richer far Than the base knight's gol n star. The "Valiant Jack" did slay the foe In its good cause long, long ago; Then let our standard ever be The glorious whole on land or sea, Cross Words. The wandering tribes in firsts do dwell, The soldiers, also, know them well, For oft, when their day's work is done, In them they sleep beside their gun; "The boy was this," the master said, Because he tripped the little maid; A river this will surely name; And this, dear friends, a poet of fame; My last an animal will be, Which, I am sure, you often see. Ton. CHARADES. No. 2. This is a boy's Christian nnme, I wis; A structure of defence is this; If both together you unite, A German town will come to sight. 8. FRA~NKLIN, Dublin. No. 8. In the meadows so green, 'Mid flowers serene, We were playing in happiest glee, When a dreadful big first O'er the hedges did burst, And rushed at my brother and me. We felt very vex'd, Eo, with Tiny, our next, We scampered away like the wind; When on looking around, To our horror, we found My first was dashing behind. So faster we flew Until we came to A very deep river and wide, And, alas I in I fell With a faint, childishyell, And was carried away by the tide. But a good, faithful whole, With a low, whining growl, Plunged in, and caught hold of my dress, Brought me safely to shore, My appearance was sore; But this good, faithful whole I did bless. H. IH.ADAMs, Chelsea No. 4. My first is a well-known colour; My next gives forth a sound ; My whole's a pretty flower, In the woods I'm found. S6m LAUDNOLOT. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 5. For whole, put down i kind of crown Which noble ladies wear: My centre take, this act will mako An instrument appear; Cne half turn round, a b'rd is found, The other half's a snare ; Change head, oh,seel 'tis like a bee, And flies about in air; Now please transpose, the action shows A very kingly chair; Curtail, transpose, about the rose 'Tis found, and pricks most" sair;" Transpose again,.the frozen main, Where lives the Polar bear; Curtail, transpose, what's rent it shows, Or once has had a tear; Curtail once more, in Budget lore, A hero, I declare : Reverse, I pray, and to decay Assuredly will be there; My centre take, this last will make What's healthy or sincere. F. W. PETCHELL. No. 6. The present time if you transpose. What means to possess it will disclose Again transpose, and if done right, What battles have been will come to sight; Now cut off my head. and you will si e A word for not off I'll surely be ; For last, I pray you turn me round, And a word of denial will soon be found. P. LAsOELiLn, ENIGMA. No. 7. I will not now tell you the day of my birth, But i've been in existence some thousands of years; Have travell'd through every dominion on earth, Filled rivers with blood, shed an ocean of tears. Does a mortal get hanged, I am chiefly the cause: Is a dwelling in flames, surelfthero I am found; In fact, all disasters obey my stern laws, While the family circle I often surround. Then, as to my offspring, although many die, Others ri e up directly their places to fill ; Every day there are hundreds all standing close by, But you might, with a more puff of air, many kdil These brats, when they're young, maybe easily slain, If not, they will grow as their parent has grown, Universal's the motto assigned to my reign, Not a fiftieth part of its wretchedness shown. "What a hideous monster I" perhaps you will say. " We must get Jack the Val:ant to take him in hand." "hat is lust my advice- so I'll bid you good day, In the fullest belief he is yours to command. J. L., Lambeth.
SORNTRAL DELETIONS. No. 8. An answer of its contra bereave, What means to depend on you'll perceive. F. A. CORDREY, bhlplake. No. 9. A part ot the head the centre deleted, A pretty insect you'll find when completed. J. P. WILLIAMS; London. No. 10. Take centre from a Russian cola, Then you will quickly see To govern then, or to command, What's left will quickly be, J. MYERS, Daltonin-Furness. PALINDROME. No. 11. Can any one toll a girl's Christian name Which rea.ds backwards and forwards just the sane i SxOWIoP. PROVERB REBUS. No. 12.
F. W. PETCEELL. METAGRA1l S. No. 13. I am an Trhlh county: but chango my head, And an English town you'll have instead. POT HOOK. No. 14. To combat first will show to you; But if you'll change the head, An English island comes to view, A fertile one, 'tis said. Again change head, and you will see One of the senses five; Change head again, and next wil be Justice, as I'm alive. Change head once more, and if I'm right, What meanoth force or powi r Will quickly come before your sight, And here this puzzle's o'er. SILVERSPRAR, No. 1I. If you change head of what people wear, What all plants have it will declare. SrIUMAC. PROVERB REBUS. No. 18.
I-1 DECAPITATIONS. No. 17. What's called a stem if you behead, What we all do you'll have instead. SILVERSTAI. No. 18. A word that means destitution; cut off head, And a very small insect you'll have instead. J. 8. HICKiMAN, Hammersmith. No.19. The weather's this and cold and keen, No comfort it possesses: Behead, the water comes through it, And all with damp impresses. G. GRANT, Bayswater. CURTAILMENTS No. 20. A light blow with the hand if you curtail. Some one you love you'll have without fail. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 21. Curtail a headland, then, I ween, A covering will there hbe seen. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. No. 22. A number put down, And the same please curtail, Then a place of defence You'll have without fail. W. D'AmrmTr.
TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 23, A girl's name if you transpose, Another one 'twill then olso ose. S. FRAI$LIN, Dublin. No. 24. This is a point of the compass, And if it you transpose, A very prickly little tree I'm sure it will disclose. T. DRaKE, Stratford. REVERSIONS. No. 25. That which means wicked if you'll turn round, A kind of flat fish will be found. POTIIooL No. 26. Many children have my whole, And in them take delight; Reverse; and then to more the feet Will surely come to sight. H. BEYNON, Bristol. OMEGRAMS, No.27. A kind of grain my whole will be; But if tail is changed by you, A well-known Irish city Will surely come to view. POLYDORn No. 28. A measure of land change tail, if you please, And a river in England you'll have at your ease. S. RonInsoN. No. 29, In the" Arabian Nights" of this.bird you will read; Change tail, and part of a fish 'twill declare; A gain change my tail, and younll, ind 'tis decreed That the child will be spoilt if this you spare; If you'll condescend to give me "freshtail,., What means to-plunder you'll Buiely'obtain; What means to decay you 'l get, without fail, If you will but change my tail once again. .F. A. CORDBEY, Shiplake. SQUARE WORDS. No. 30. My first is used at dinner; My second is a thought; My next is when you are perceived; And a part of the body Is fourth. C. BooI n. PTRAMID PUZZLE. No. 31. For first please place part of your face; An animal Is my second; And then, I think, to feed or drink . Is seen, if rightly reckoned. A boy's name write, then bring to sight Another word for greedy; It's my belief that next's a chief Of mansions, and is needy. My next, it proves, rebellious moves, Whose endings are a fight; My next will be what here you see, It causes great delight. My next will make, without mistake, An in'lependent State; At centrals aim, you'll see a name Which none of us do hate. O. FERNBAnKs, Oxford. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEhIlt 1.-Ever-green. -2.- O WHY PARTY PRAIRIE ROAD8 TEAD TRADITIONAL UNG RAMM AT ICAL INNUMERABLENESS CHR I STMAS HOL IDAYS 3.-MIght, fight, sight, night, SleigH, EvE, ReturN, GaS, right. TorontO, TowN. 4.-Cart, hart, art. 17.-We llington. Thus: 5.-Bob. Warsaw,.Eure, Livingstono, 6.-- oof, room, rood, root. Lincoln India, Nasturtium, 7.-T-readnought. Goose, 'l'ea, Orange, Natal. 8.- Rouse, rose. 18.- Sport, port. 9.- Gorlitz, Gorltz. 19.-Broom, room. 10.-All the world's a stage. 20.-Bedge, edge. 11.-Heornet, horn. 21.-Spine, pine, pin, nip, nil, 12.-Coral, Corn. lip. tip, hip. 13.-Dover, dove. 22.-Learn, Lear, earn, car, 14.- Pop. real. 15.-Brighton. 23.-Hat-box. 16.--ergt. T. Henaon. Thus: