Our friends COULSON AND PICKERING to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM. No. 1. We called on Jones to see if he would pay His little debt, but, to our dire dismay, A first upon the wall this legend bore: " This house to let; for terms apply next door." We steadily will travel on through life, Not sorrowing at every next and strife. "This killed the cat." The proverb old runs thus, But second, we are sure, will not kill us. With third we went a-fishing one fine day, But naught, alas I our patience did repay, Except-- We blush with anger at the thought- For one small fourth was all the fish we caught. COULSOs AND PICKERING. PROVERB No. i TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. Ah, shipmate, so you've come, at my request, To say farewell, for I must go to rest, And up above, Jack, there where all are blest. We've sailed together, side by side we've fought, When pirates 'midst the crew a slaughter wrought, Outlaws and fiends who paused or first for naught. We've cheered each other when the tempest roared, When hissing waves came sweeping overboard, When other men for mercy had implored. But when the sea was calm and sky was fine, When next our vessel o'er the seething brine, With yoy, dear Jack, what happiness was mine! Yes, clasp my hand, though very weak and ill ; Your honest English grip's a pleasure still, And helps my cup of happiness to fill. Ah, shipmate, though I'm nQt afraid to die, 'Tis hard to see that tear stand in your eye. Good-bye, true friend; dear shipmate, now-good-bye. H. C. PRICE. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. Here am I, a youth of muscle, Who could with three Zulus tussle, Bound (ay, e'en I, Osric Tocer I) As apprentice to a grocer I Ne'er was grosser outrage ever Perpetrated on youth clever Than that which made me a menial Under a man far from genial 1 All day tea and sugar serving, Ne'er from workmust I be swerving; Sometimes opening a barrel, If I hum a harmless carol, Tooks is down on me, and, scowling, Cries," Boy, cease that wretched howling And make first I" My blood is boiling At his sneers. This life of toiling I next, and cannot stand much longer. I must be than a giant stronger To bear all that I suffer. Oh, sir, Drop a tear for Osric Tocer I J. P. HARRINOGTON. DECAPITATION. No. 5. "Oh, thou art unkind to me I" Thus a lovesick youth said. " I am mad with love for thee !" (Here the noodle truth said.) " But, alas I my beauteous love, Thou heart-melting glancer, When I say, ' Oh, with me rove l' This is e'er your answer. "One thing would bring bliss to me And dispel my sadness. If you'd but say this to me, Life would be all gladness I" Thus he bored her all the day, Begged her love none but him, Till her patience ebbed away, And the promptly " cut" him. F. W. BINSTraD. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 6. A Roman of renown in first is surely shown, But kindly add one letter to its heart, Then, if the letter's right, a word appears in sight Which, I think, of any poem means a part. W. H. BIDn, Holloway.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. Bad boys, perhaps, have felt the force Of this much dreaded thing, And if they have, they know, of course, The pain that it doth bring. Decapitate, sp e boys set this To catch a bhre or bird; These boys should feel that dreaded thing To which I have referred. And now reverse, this little word To separate doth mean; Again behead, why, works of this You surely must have seen. Transpose, this jolly personage Doth sail upon the seaj He bravely fights, when battles rage, To keep our islands free. ALEX S., Glasgow. REBUS. 2. eN E0. Anon. CHARADE. No. 8. First shades of night have passed away, And through the lattice peers the dawn; The east sends forth bright streaks of day, The dewdrop still is on the lawn. The early second slumber breaks, And, watchful for his lowly prey, Through fields and hedgerows briskly seeks His little morsel for the day. The note of whole 'tis sweet to hear Ere rise the sounds of daylight's strife, Come from where yonder groves appear, Now quickening into vocal life. F. Baorar. ENIGMA. No. 9. W h .u Adam came into the world, I was born; WVhen Eve answered Adam, no doubt I was heard. I oft answer you, but you treat me with scorn, As though I had answered you never a word. I've lived through a number of troublesome years; I am heard, though not seen, nearly every day; I now am alive, but it strangely appears That during my time I have oft died away. If you but speak kindly, I answer the same; Be harsh or abusive, the same then am I; And yet for this circumstance I'm not to blame, For it is upon you for my words I rely. Travel northwards to Scotland, and there,'midst the hills, If you speak, you'll undoubtedly find I am there; Speak in praise of the mountains, the brooklets and rills, And, lo I the same praises I also declare. Travel nprth 'midst the icebergs, or south 'midst the vales, Tf you speak, then my presence I quickly make known; Whorever you are, where strict silence prevails, Speak the word, and I'm there, though I quickly am gone. H. V. BARWELL, Kennington. OMEGRAM. No. 10. Now, Charlie, my friend, pray look at this sketch, And tell me how much you think it will fetch. 'Tis only a small water-colour, I ween, And yet a great many much worse have I seen. I hope, my dear Charlie, that 'twill soon be first; If 'tis, then with joy I'll be ready to burst. "Oh, pray see our fish," the old fishmongers yell; "We have much better seconds than others sell. They reallyare beauties, and fresh in to-day, So buy, ye good people, and don't go away. We nearly are sold out, we sell them so fast; So just buy one pair, ladies, ere you go past." H. Psanass, Peckham.