Our friend Gassr E r Aimx to-day takes the lead-in the RIDDLE TO'URNA'M'ENT. DECAPITATION. No.. 1. . This, my riddle, wihen you've read it, Take my first, and twice'behead it; Cause again decapitation, , Then, with naught of botheration. There's the answer-you'll have said it. Far away in distant country, proudly rears its towers aloft, That large, crystal-covered mansion, total of King Volli- toft; And how grand and steeped in splendour seem those dazzling tow'rs aloft, As Sol brightly glitters on the total of King Vollitoft I Sweet Nelly and I are going away, At the beautiful ball-to dance and play; Sweet Nelly is dressed in her best to.day, Her ribbons are bordered with second so gay. Till eleven we stayed, and at cards we all played, Interesting and gay was the game; As my pocket got thinner, I thought that the winner Was yours ever true, Gzsssxzxz AIsSE. But a player then cast on my packet a last, He had won, and he giggled " He ! he I" Then I flew in a rage, which, consid'ring my age, Was-well-rather precocious of me I GESSenxYN AIMa. REVERSION. No. 2. Our lay consists of Fairy.Land, so, once upon a time (That's rather stale, but still, you know, it does to make a rhyme) A fancy ball was given by a lovely fairy queen, Who dwelt in Fairy-Land, where inour dreams we've often been. Amongst the guests assembled was Aladdin (so to speak), And Whittington with-well, the plague of BIisTEaDn's jolly week; All Baba, Puss-in-Boots, and Crusoe, we declare, With Friday, who had sat a day considering what to wear. Of Jacks, Young Folks, you may be sure the party had its fill- A killer, and a climber, and a mate for pretty Jill; Fair Fatima, who'd cast aside the chains which used to fetter her, Blue Beard, Sindbad, sailors, peasants, fairies, slaves, et cetera. But ere the ball had well begun, Blue Beard got in a rage, And vowed he'd kill them all in turn, according to their age. He seized a mighty sword, and chose poor Sindbad for a foe, And in a very short time laid that noble sailor low. Who should be next it took him but a short time to decide, Then rushing o'er to where Aladdin stood, he loudly cried: " First, first your sword, and next the blow that I'm about to give; For, by my own blue beard, I swear no longer you shall live." He killed Aladdin, and to strangle Crusoe did his best, Threw Puss.in.Boots into a well, beheaded all the rest, And then, Young Folks, he killed himbelf, maybe to make amends. Our story's done; we bid adieu to all our riddling friends. THE BROrTIna Gaurr. DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 3. My first, you'll find, is part of cone, And next's an animal well known; A name for third you'll plainly see, And fourth doth reign where all agree; A famous riddler next you'll view, And sixth's a colour red in hue; My next's a rampart used in war ; And eighth is seen both near and far; And last you'll find is part of car. The centrals, it read aright by you, A clever riddler will bring to view. J. G. BarEAr. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Word. Read primals, they will bring to view A certain Christian name; Now read the other way, and you Will find the very same. Cross Words. My first is the name of a boy; My second's a weapon of war; My third is the name of a girl, Reverse, 'tis the same as before. F. T. RIDLEY, Newcastle. CHARADE. No. 5. The sun is rising in the first, Above the eastern hill; And now both man and beast arise, Their duties to fulfil. Now from the fields of streaming corn, My second doth arise-- lie comes to meet the early morn, And so he heavenward flies. 1;iing aloft on airy wing, Mfy total now I see, Chanting, with voice distinct and clear, His lovely melody. T. O'CONNOE, Kinsale. ENIGMIA. My life is short tp l, 1 will avow, Unless kind succour unto; me is sent; Then, if yon md'ftilI liberty allow, I soon become a dangerous element. Beneath yournhorse's feet I sometimes rise But be your steed the fleetest courser. known, He cannot pass me, howe'er well lie 'tes, For I retiieinvisible, unknown. : . I, too, inspire the lgets in .thir songs When they would sing of beauty and brave deeds, Of lovers' sighs, thpir bieedini" couintry's wrongs Of pride n'ow fallen, dund great heroes' meeds. For me tho fair sex'have a loving.heart,3 And I for them my burning pession.plead; And when they're forced from me for aye to part, Oh, then there will be weeping great indeed. P. M'CA·In, Dublin.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. Now parse this sentence, Tommy Gray. "He took with him the bag of meal." If you don't more attention pay, I must to your mamma appeal. Your history you do not know; For the account was very lame You gave me a short time ago, About King Alfred's glorious fame. Just try to parse the first word " he"- You look quite foolish and aghast What is the gender P Tell it me. "Male." Why, you've found a voice at lastl MESSAGE. Three words the answer form, you see, Now please to find them all for me. LorrzI W., Brighton. REBUS. ,No. 8. H. Ba* Lo0 o H. BRowN, London.
ENIGMA. :No. 9. Our jackdaw stole my silver first, That papa gave to me, And 'mong the rest of pilfered things He hid it in a tree. Then on poor Jack I kept the same, Until he went again To his treasure-store, to which I climbed, And did my first obtain. J. G. LAsazaT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. Part of the frame is hidden here, But if it is transposed, What means to injure or impair Will quickly be disclosed Now, if this word which you have left You'd gently turn around, An animal you all know well Will surely then be found. W. G. FrNaAu, Kinsale. PROVERB REBUS. No. 11. W. FLORENCE, Southend. SQUARBE WORDS. No. 12. My first, a useful article, We could not do withont; My next., if you've a particle Of sense, you will find out; Now, third if you would wish to view, 'Twill surely come to mind- 'Tis that with which I write to you, So now my answer find. A. M. PHuxLPus, Liverpool, METAGRAM. No. 13. I show the wolf, I am the bear, The lion bold, the fearful hare, The willing horse, the faithful dog, The tall giraffe, the grunting hog. Effecting now a change of head, Behold, a banquet ready spread I Tne wine.cup freely circles round, While mirthful quip and jest abound. Change head again, there's none so small, For I'm the smallest one of all; Again, and now before your eyes I really cannot fail to rise. T. L. Huxzar.
METAGRA~, Obscurity's not iceoI dono car What some bards say about hae I think that Fortune is by fa her humoble bair And don't believe she's falsest of ar i, I doh't believe she leads you to all isses Nor slyly bites You wen she foesaises, Al, I lovep Fortune ! But Obsr kissety I'capnot'fancy, though I Own that she Has e'er been tre--perhaps too troeto me. For instance, I sat down and wrote a a ey And having penned my ay, I laid m ln Aside, and sent the splendid song To that most obstinate of stubborn men, Editor of the Penny Popinjay; Waited a week in hope, and thenwell My poem was my first. Oh, I did cr , then When in the corresrondence column I Read that same Editor's unkind reply. Now, had sweet Fortune therein been my fend, 'Stead of Obscurity, my fervent lay Would not have met with that untimely end And, oh, I should have been s blith end, To see the song my own weak hand had penned Made famous in the Penny Popinjayd " Alh, then my longing soul had been made gl But now I am my second, lorn, and sad Shedding unmanly tears. Ah,'tia too bad! F. W. Bisni, ENIGMA. No. 15. Your earnest attention, Young Folks, I would claim So kindly endeavour to find out my name I hope this poor con. you'll with pleasure perse, As I've boldly endeavoured all you to amuse. I crossed the wide ocean a short time ago, The people a great fuss made o'er me, you sknow " Three thousand years old i" all exclaimed in a breath, I can laugh at this marvel, and fear not grim Death' I represent manhood, and childhood so gay. 1 represent statesmen who dwell far away; Both Venus and Cupid in me you will see, With many Greek heroes, as plain as can be. I represent nations and men who've won fame By keeping alive in this world their proud name; Sometimes in an attitude graceful I stand, With a horse by my bide and a sabre in hand. My ancient forefathers were looked on with awe, Professors of science thus proving my lore. In British and foreign museums I'm found, And oft am regarded with interest profound. Whene'er I feel vicious I jump in your boot, Causing smart pains up your poor leg to shoot; For when I am jagged I hurt very much, And often you'll find you're in want of a crutch. Many a man I have killed in my day, Though never done wilfully that, I can say. Sometimes from man's hand I am loth to depart On an errand of murder-I who've a hard heart. I'm generally, found near the fireplace at home; I have inclinations to travel and roam, I'm found in the meadows, and by the sea-shore, And guard the dull graves of the rich and the poor. I vary in shapes, I'm square, oblong, and round, 'And am seen more than ninety yards under the grons In colours I vary, so bring them to mind. So, Young Folks, farewell ; now my name kindly fnmd. T. W. Kircnus, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 16. Foundation lVord. Hurrah for Tommy Rodman, boys I I'm glad to see him here, And really think his father's son Is worthy of a cheer. I've often heard him talked about, By old Young Folks, ye know; He used to be their favourite In times long, long ago. We never thought of such a treat-- We younger ones, I mean; But Editor does pet us so, His like.was never seen. Three cheers for Mr. Maitland, friends, With all your heart and soul And now good-bye; may all of you Be ever filled with whole. Cross Words. Not a very nice thing to meet in the night; I think it would give one a terrible fright. O second, sweet second, if you were to die, We amorous youths would do nothing but cryJ A riddler who's rapidly rising to fame. Come, friends, pick him out now, and tellme his A very nice town, with a very nice bay- On a very nice island, too, by the way. H. TArLOR, Rock Ferry, REVERSION. No. 17. A stratagem I now do mean; But if you just reverse, A part of it will then be seen (I couldn't be more terse). Exas A. O'REItLy, Yonghl. I---