OUR RECREATION CORNER. REPLY TO THE ENIGMA OF COYtNIFEX, IN NO. 162, BY NEMO.
COME, Cornifex, and let us think; Your 9, 5, 1 must be your ink; Marking thereby your little game, In jest or anger, all's the same. When the poor patient's left alone, His sufferings will cause a groan, And, as the end is drawing near, Adown his cheek there rolls a tear. An orange is a pleasant thing Taken by ragman or by king ; And now the name I mean to write, Is't not the lake, Korangamite ? Prose replies have also been received from R. W., T. H. K., and W. S. (Many others have only partially answered.) NELLY GRAY.-O ! By W. S., Bill, Jacobus, R. W., and No Fear HARRY.-Length of rope, 159 feet 7 inches. By " Bromby's Boy," " C. Plunkett," " J. Watson," and "Twice Two."-(For simplicity, the decimal fractions are omitted.) AN UNSOLVED ENIGmA. BY the will of a Miss Seward, who died in the Isle of Wight at the commencement of the present century, a reward of fifty pounds was directed to be paid to the person who solved the following enigma. The prize has not yet been claimed. For our own part, we cannot hold out any other recompence than the amusement and honour of solving it. The noblest object in the work of art; The brightest scene that Nature can impart; The well-known signal in the time of peace; The point essential in the tenant's lease; The farmer's comfort, when he holds the plough ; The soldier's duty, and the lover's vow; A contract made before the nuptial tie; A blessing riches never can supply; A spot that adds new charms to pretty faces; An engine used in some essential cases ; A planet seen between the earth and sun; A prize which merit never yet has won; A loss which prudence never can retrieve; The death of Judas, and the fall of Eve; A part between your ankle and your knee; A patriot's toast, and a physician's fee; A wife's ambition, and a parson's dues; A miser's idol, and the badge of Jews- If now your happy genius can define The corresponding verse to every line, By the first letters plainly will be found An ancient city that is much renown'd.