Our friend F. W. BINSTEAD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Cross Words. A mighty tree once in the forest grew, And raised its giant branches all around; It shook not at the strongest winds that blew, But my sharp teeth soon brought it to the ground. Four letters, please, for second write, Which a girl's name will bring to sight. I stood one lovely summer's day, And watched the boys at cricket; When loudly this I heard them say, The ball had struck the wicket. Be this as far as in you lies, If in the world you wish to rise, And gain esteem in other's eyes. A lovely smell the trav'llers nose did greet; "Bring this," he cried, "mine host, for I would eat IP' 'Twas brought. He ate it quickly, and then swore He'd never had a better this before. It is no passing fancy of the brain; But this, and being this doth give me pain. An Asian desert this, of vast extent; I hope that there I never shall be sent. A very luscious fruit take next, Subjoin the letter L ; Now 3 ou've obtained a pr cious stone, The name I must not tell. Lastly, this means to blur or stain; From further coomlent I'll refrain. Foundation Words. Some beautiful fiow'rets the primals will show, Pure white is their colour, and quickly they grow; A much larger flower, the purest of white, She finals exhibit if read down aright. F. W. BINSTE.LD CHARADES. No. 2. Frail songsters rise from out their nest T'o issue charming songs of love, And evergreens in beauty drest, While cheering Sol shines far above, And weeping willows in the grove Droop o'er the violet sweet and wild : And'mid these charming scenes I rove, Where firstis reigning glad and mild, By mdrtal man to never be reviled. The second gaily strutting there Makes loud his proclamations free, And rears his tail with plumage fair As though he wished naught else to be As noble, grand, and vain as he ; But rather he would rule them all, While other birds will willingly Evince their pleasure at his call, As wasting leaves from mighty oaks will fall And as the day grows clearer still, Faint zephyrs rise above the earth, And wavelets flow upon the rill, And frisk like children full of m'rth, Who watch the total crowned with worth Above some proud, exalted dome, To mar; when zephyrs take their birth ; Inviti. g them to find a home Like Romans in a part of Rome. J. G. G. UMSDE Y. No. 3. From the noise of the city let's hasten away To change he.tvy labour for merrier play; O'er the valley and hill the bright rays of the sun Proclaim it is morning-that day has begun. We will fill a large hamper with good things to eat, The soft, grassy first we will use for a seat We will merrily sing, and drive dull care away- A day in the country I A second IHooray I Come, children, and look at the freshly-mown hay, And see in the meaCow the lambkins at play: Hark I the brook how it sings as it ripples along, And the lark in the air carols loudly a Song. How thankful I am that my whole gives to me Time to wander in peace to the country so free; Pent up in the city, surrounded with care, 'Tis a blessing to wander 'mid beauty so fair. AtNNIE STANTON, Holloway. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. My first will soon be found in blouse; My second in the public-house ; My next you won t go far to see, On yotown back 'tis bound to be. Next, just put down a great man's name, With rope and pole be earned his fame; And where my second can be got, My next is mostly on the spot. My next deep down a mine is found In Cornwall, underneath the ground; And here, too, you will find my las', For one sticks to the other fast. IRONSIDES PALINDROME. No. 5. Whole, I'm a word of six letters, Also a feminine name; Read either backwards or forwards, I'm sure to be always theb same. Now behead and curtnil mne. Still I'm a girl's Christian name; But what's more peculiar about me, I'm backwards and forwards the same. CCEOLA.
ENIGMA. No. 6. I destroy all the owers, Disperse with the hours, And castles must yield to my call; And cities once grand . I can hold in my hand, And often through me they must fall. I am very serene, And in people have been, Though with me they cannot live long; I am gentle and meek. And I make many weak; But I never have made a man strong. J. LUMSDEN. PROVERB REBUS. No. 7.
5-7 liij ,, . . F. W. PETCHELL
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 8. Now from a number if you take '1 he centre letter out. Then in a trice there will be seen ' he answer without doubt. J. lMYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. No. ?. We are all poor these, and 'tis chiefly, I trow, Through man's first groat ruinous fall ; And thus in the world has been introduced woe For us (more or less we'll have) all. The centre cut out, You'll have, without doubt, Wlhat most fables have at the ending; Which illustrates it better still, And shows how some folks could be mending 'I heir ways, and do good 'stead of ill. SILVERSPEAR. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10.
0m5 GOR E, London. GI oRU L, London.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 11. A small basket if you behead, To stagger you will have instead; Behead again, and if you're right, A well-known fish will come to sight. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 12. A word for to chide if you behead, What winter is you'lr have instead; A gain behead, to favour me, What some folk are you'll quickly see. P. LASOELLES. CURTAILMfENTS. No. 13. fMy whole's a town in Europe; But, if you p!ease, curtail. And then you'll find a kind of corn You have without fail. J. A. Si EVENS. No. 14. For my whole please find the name of a birds D oubtless of it you often have hoard: If it doesn't object. please cut off its tail, A very brave man you'll see without fail: If you, in his turn, curtail this brave mrmn, A pronoun of feminine gender you'll scan; If this, in its turn, 6f its tail is bereft, A pronoun of masculine gender is left. F. A. CoIuDR r, Shiplake.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 16. A squirrel up an oak one day, As in his paws an acorn lay, Started; for whole; so loud and clear, From a large bell burst on his ear. The acorn fell, a log of wood That floated in the river Caught startled Bunny's untouched food, Nor thanked the frightened giver. Adown the stream the log then floats, Past lilies next of snowy coats, Past little waves that third and fall, And mighty trees with branches tall; Till 'gamnst a jutting point of land The log is turned right over, Aided by waves, by breezes fanned, The little acorn rover Doth reach the shore. In the soft mould It soon was buried. I've been told, And in the spring-time bright and gay, A little sapling green did sway; And many a budding fourth it had Through geptle showers that nourished; Then years passsd on, in verdure clad, A mighty oak it flourished. Now, when my whole you4have divined, You must transpose it twice, and, mind, You'll only have to then change tail To see the answer without fail. My task is done, you've witnessed how A log into a logogriph can grow. '. W. PETCiHLL. METAGRAM. No.16. A pretty flower if you change head, What means to puzzle you'll have instead; Repeat the change, and then. I ween, Part of your face will now be seen. POLYDORE. OMEGRAM. No. 17. My first does grow upon a tree, It is the outer part' Rut if you change the tail, you'll find Of trees it is the heart. The tail again now please to change, An ornament 'twill be; Repeat the change. a measure, then, Of wood you'll surely see. Now just once more the change repeat, With this you'll often meet In fields; but it is troublesome If found upon the ft ot. J. MYERS, Dalton-In-Furness. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 18. The name of an animal please transpose, But mind you do it right, And something found beside the sea Will quickly come to sight. o W. D'ARTREY. No. i). A word that means, dear little friends, t) work for an I obey, To help. to be in service of for honour, love, or pay: If you this simple word transpose, why surely comes to view The other word we use for rhyme, 'tis often read by you. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-The sun. 12.-Livin gstone. Thus: 2.- Go ls stone Grammar Lion, Ibex, Valiant, Idle, School. Thus : GuineA, Naples, Green, 'tanley, OmegraM. LooM, FatimA. Thames, Odour, Northum- ShelteR, TrialS, Octosylla- berland. Eagle. bi C, Nort H, Ec h'O, 13.-Dover. GeneralissimO, ReveaL. 14 -Copper. 3.-Foot-ball. 15.- Liverpool. 4.-Nut-meg. 16.-Romeo, Rome, 5.- EVE 17.- J BAT COW ALE STEAM EXCHEQUER LEISURE VALENTINE JOESEDLEY POICTIER S MEAD OWS GIN HOLLY ANT TEA NEY Y 6 -Came, name. 18.-Horse, house, Ouse. 7.-Bell, cell, Nell, sell, well. 19 -Newcastle. 8.- Carol, coral. 20.-Coroner, corner. S9-Shark. hark, ark. 21.-Pound, pond. 10.-Price, rice, ice. 22.-Lea, Lee, leg. 11.-Colorado beetle.