pri3e Competitions. SENIOR.
Prize winner for February-E-TrEL M. tITE (aged 15). A coPY of " The Story of the L.M.S." will be awarded to the competitor, over the age of fourteen and under eighteen, who sends in the best answers to " Gardener," 14, Blomfield Street, E.C., before April 25th. Name, address, and age of competitors must be given, and all envelopes must be marked " Senior Competition." ANSWERS TO MARCH QUESTIONS. 1. Rev. N. Forsyth; Chinsurah, 17 years. 2. Vethamanikham. 4. Travancore. 5. Jiaganj, Kachhwa, Jammulamadugu, Neyoor. SOUTH SEAS. 1. The first Mission-field of the L.M:.S. ? 2. The first missionaries ? 3. How long was it before there were any converts baptized, and who was the first ? 4. The translator of the Bible into Tahitian ? 5. The native evangelist who first carried the Gospel to Aitutaki and Rarotonga ? FOUR prizes will be given every Quarter to boys and girls under the age of fourteen (1st Division) and twelve (2nd Division) who send in the best answers to " Gar- dener," 14, Blomfield Street, E.C., before the 25th of each month. Name, age, and address of competitors must be given. ANSWER TO BIBLE ENIGMA. '' Fear God."' BURIED INDIAN CITIES. 1. What a mad, rash action that was. 2. Lucy and Ben are staying at York just now. 3. Polly and Sal embrace eacb other. 4. He threw a bomb a yard beyond the tent.
5. What a grand sum is raised for the Famine Fund. 6. I wish you would go away at once. BIBLE QUESTIONS. 1. How many times is the word Lord found in the Bible ? 2. How many times the word Jehovah? 3. Which is the shortest text in the Bible ? 4. Which the longest ? 5. Which book in the Bible has not the word God in it P 6. The word girl appears but once. Where ? SPECIAL PRIZE COMPETITIONS. . WE must again remind intending competitors for the Exeter Hall Decoration Competition that all desigs must be ready by May 1st. Owing to the kindness of the Rev. George Wilkinson, who offers £1 in prizes, we are able to announce a special competition for Missionary Scrap Books. The books must contain not'less than thirty leaves, and all the pictures must be of a missionary kind, bearing the descriptive name, and arranged according to country. The neatness and tastefulness of the arrangement will be especially noticed, but no account will be taken of the original cost of the book itself. They must all reach " Gardener" by Jun 30th.-First division, age und.er 17 ; 2nd division, age 13. First prize, 7s. 6d.; 2nd do., 5s ; 3rd do., 4s. 6d. ; 4th do., 3s. " Gardener" was sorry last month not to be able, through lack of space, to welcome the large band of new "' little missionaries " who have begun to answer the questions. Though late in doing so, she is very pleased now to record the names. She hopes also that all the old competitors will keep on trying hard through 1897 :- Girlsu-Alice Kelsey, Florence Stroud, Ethel Whiteman, Lily Mfarshall, Kathleen Davis, Eveline Abrook, Florence Gosling, Ann Moss, M~fary and Beatrice Halliday, Edith Boorman, Amy Brinson, Nannie Wyatt, Katie Stratton, Dorothea Palmer, Elizabeth Bethell, Helen Robertson, Amy Ellis, Lilian Bull, Hilda Smith, Phyllis Hard, Rose Richardson, Charlotte Insley, Mabel Fars, Honor Bomford, Elsie Damerell, Mabel King, Amy Morris, Josephine Gregory.--Boys- Jack Cocks, W. London, Walter Hewett, William Field, Henry Chambers, Harry Boult, Frank Hopwood, Arthur Mearns, Arthur and Sydney Jones, Arthur Baker, J. Angus, H. B. Wilson, Walter Hogg, Arthur Pegrum, T. Portsmouth, William Hacking, John McInnes, Kenneth Guarey, Fox Benstead. Three competitors have not put names and addresses. Please note that the answer-papers can be sent for a halfpenny if no letter is enclosed.