PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. Contributions for the Prise Competition must be endorsed "Enigmatical Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within siz days of publication of the pastimes. Aü lettért mutt be dated.
100. CHARADE. My primal is an exclamation ; My second rouses king and nation ; My total is a river, where Thousands of armed Frenchmen ar·. Θ. J. Bell. 101. CHARADE. 1 havo a garden, stocked with flowers, And t e iati it with much care ; 'Tis where I pass my leisure hours, You '11 find my whole is there. But neighbour Giles's poultry came Across my beds ot' seed; 'Twas plain, if I allow'd the same, They'd do my first, indeed. I drove them all from off the way, Until I got quite vexed ; Soon all came back, as if to uy,— " Dear madam, not for next." I spoke to Giles, who gave his word, And seal'd it with a pledge ; When, lo ! his quadruped, my third, Came creeping through the hedge. J. White. 102. CHARADE. My first is black, my second white, My whole is pink, or red, or grey; 'Tıs used upon my second, light, To take my darker first away. G. J. Bell. 103. CHARADE. My first is wooden toys Much used by Euglish boys; My second is part of a pig, No matter if small or big ; My whole is a seaport town, Of little or uo renown. Charles Austin. 104. CHARADE. My first is a measure of length, I declare ; My second is round, and is got at the fair ; My whole you will find is a· empty as air. G. J. Bkll. 105. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant—and then a snare, And thirdly, what I hope you 've here. A foreign coin my fourth must be ; And next, a day you '11 never see. My sixth's a verb, to make afraid. My seventh e'er should be obey'd. My ( ight h will name a kind of tree. And then my last a vowel must be. Read down, a part of time there '11 be, And read aerose, the same you 'II see. H. V. E. Grant. 106. CELEBRATED GERMANS. 1555 100 1005 1150 1550 5 and both. „ he rills. „ left fane. M no thane. „ she's none. „ on the bee. 107. J. White. BIOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I. A simple life ho led, with rod and line, On banks of rippling streams loved to recline. II. Friend of my first, his thoughts did e'er incline, Aud ueeful works lie wrote ou things divine. 1. An eminent divine, who wrote a life Of Catherine, good Martin Luther's wife. ~. A man tin ice blessed, iu fine arts most correct, A painter, sculptor, and an architect. 3. A common name for emperors, popes, and kings, Some famed for war, but some for better thinge. 4. A German sculptor, mostly known from this, One fine productiou was a bust of " Kiss." 5. An English painter, true to Nature's lines. His birthplace fixed among the Cornish mine«. 6. An English general, fought with Moore in Spain ; Ile bore flve wounds ; was mourned at home as slain. J. White.
108. METAGRAM. Each time you must take off my head, And place another in its stead. 1. I 'm oft found on this earth. 3. I am not of much worth. 3. I am oft caused by mirth. 4. To you I 'm related. 5. I make you elated. 6. A box is here stated. 7. To do this all try. 8. A metal am I. Now I say good-bye. H. V. E. Grant. 109. SQUARE WORDS. For praise of self this is a word ; A flower's name is second ; A well-known continent is third ; And dress the last is reckou'd. James Whittakkk. UO. METAGRAM. First find a word which does disclose Peaceful slumber, quiet repose ; Change its head, and you will see A garment will before you be ; Yet again exchange its head, And you will see a house instead ; Replace this head, too, with another, And you'll obtain a plague and bother; Lastly, change its head again, There 's nothing better, 'tis quite plain. II. V. E. Grant. lll. CHARADE. Old England's glory on the main My first has oft upheld, And will, we 're sure, do so again, Whene'er to fight compcll'd. Let aliens taunt us if they will; Our pride need not be vex'd ; For John Bull's pluck is able still To do his foes my next. Then honour pay Britannia'· blue, And Erin's greeu extol ; To Scotia give no less her due, By honouring my whole. W. D'LiEF. 112. CHARADE. n fr Oh, dear I oh, dear ! Wilh many a tear Through the house he rush'd, almoat insano ; For my second, or last, Had taken hold fast Of my first, aud gave him great pain. My whole it is reckon'd To be one of my second, As the name of my whole doth >mply; My first, all have had, Some have good, some have bad; To the good ones my whole comes not nigh. C. G. Knott. 113. CHARADE. My total ia a kind of book, To lawyers 'tis well kuown ; Just take away my tail, and look— A fish is plainly shown. With tail replaced, of head bereft, A poem you will then have left, Which, if transposed, for you will name An animal which ranks a· game. M. McDkrmott. 114. ENIGMA. I 'm met with in Belgravia, I visit Bethnal Oreen ; And e'en fastidious Regent Street my faoe hath sometimes ■een; Bnt not to the metropolis my splendouis I confine, I'm found in every quiet nook of England's temperate clime. I 've travelled through the length and breadth of Scotia's hardy land, l'm known in everv town that lies on Erin'· emerald strand ; Familiar unto me the heat of India's buming plains, Familiar Russia's dreary steppes, where cold eternal reigns ; Familiar each and every land, save thoae untntor'd realms Where civ'lization's still unknown, and ignorance o'er· whelms The minds of the inhabitants ; yet, strange the fact to tell, Although throughout this world of ours I 'm known so wide and well, Not 'one of all my numerous friends, though great his wis¬ dom be, Can gness, or speak, or name the guise in which he'll aext me see ; For never, since the world began, was more capricious elf Than I ; and this may true be held, though spoken by myself; One day iu sober black I 'm d ι est, tlıe next in red I flare, Or deck'd in all the rainbow hues, right gaudily do glare. And, to complete the paradox, my shape I 'm alwaye chang¬ ing, From short to tall, from large to email, I constantly am rang¬ ing. I 'm sometimes good, and sometimes bad, moet frequently tbe last, For truth 'e a thing I very oft away from me do cast. Methinks what secret now remains can speedily be told ; 1 'm what I am—and what that is, kind reader, pray unfold. J. Veitch.
116. DIAMOND PUZZLI. A consonant. An animal. Early. Doubling. A man's name. Liberty. Vigour. Decay. A vowel. Tue centrals, from top to foot and from left to right, name a general. A. Scott. 116. CHARADE. My first is a covering worn by all, Though differing much in style ; Sometimes 'tis large, sometimes so email 'Tis apt to make one amile. M y seoond is very useful fouad In hiding things fiom view; My whole protecte my first, if sound, And is doubtless used by you. .T. Palmkr. 117. CHARADE. In many a cavern decn, Where man has seldom been, On muny a noble ship, My fir»! is to be seen. At Irish wake or fair, Or " set-day " feast, I ween, My second is not rare, "In fact, 'tis often seen. ln cities' street or lane, Ou rural village green, My whole, in plumage plain, Twit-twittering may be seen. James Whittaker