PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIME?. Contributions for the Frist Competition must bt endorsed "Enigmatical Pastimes." Solutions must bt tent within six days of publication of the pastimes. All letters mutt he dated.
118. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. In North America this tree is found. /or sultry heat my t^cond's wide renown'd. A cold and dieary to« u is this, i ween, tot it in Soutliern Russia may be sren. My fourth 's h wuanon that by murderer's baud Has o t b^ him thus far did trace, The good King D.vid sought a hiding-place. My last's a county of tin Emerald Isle, Whose noble lakes are famed tor many u mile. If placed with patient care, these words will give Two huot;s, whose names shall for long ages live. J. Vkitch. 119. HIDDEN ANIMALS. 1. The only fruit I enjoy is a peach. 2. Lost, a cabman's badge, reward, 2s. 3d. to the finder. 3. In geiitrj 1 only take three meals a day. 4. 1 ii mack times a'shipowner is glad to get a cargo at the lowest nite. 5. A lew days ago I joined a boating party, we were nearlv capsized in » squall. 6. Bismarck's name has become famous everywhere. 7, Whilst 1 was bathing, one day last summer, a crab bit me on the toe, 8. I alwajs like to have enough, or sec others have plenty, '.). If L were asked my opinion as to which I thought best —Young Briton or :>ons of Britannia? — 1 could not say, its both are hrst-class. M.McDkrmott. 120. CHARADE. A lady's name you first must find, And then a colour bring to mind; i hesc two, if placed aright by you, A well-known flower will bring to view. Wm. Fenwick. 121. DECAPITATION. I am a piece of stone, no doubt, Likewise a piece ot wood ; Behead, for keeping robbers out You '11 find me very good. M. McDxrmott. 122. DECAPITATION. Whole,I am majestic; curtail and transpose, I am last; again curtail and transpose, I'm stories; again transpose, I am a useful article in school; behead, and I am not early; again behead and transpose, I am a plant; again traus- uose, you will see what we do at dinner. Marie B. (Swansea). 123. DECAPIfATION. At party and at ball My whole you '11 often see; A bride and bridesmaids all You '11 oft see wearing me. Curtail me, now, and change, Without me you would die; Behead, transpose, tho' strange, Xou '11 see me if you cry. Before I say adieu, Just once again transpose; I 'in sure not one of you Would have me in your clothes. M. McDermott. 124. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A province of South Hindoostan. A river of British Amt-riea. A village iu Surrey, A part of the globe (cur¬ tailed). A river in Ireland. A towB of Hindustan. A town in Finmark. One ot the Molucca Islands. A town in Swit¬ zerland. A seaport in Scotland. The initials and .finals of the above read downwards, will name two celebrated naval battles. Geo. J. Bbll. 125. CHARADE. My first is something very sweat, Although it is not good to eat; My second, which four letters frame, Is not unlike a lady's name. My whole is a sweet-smelling flower, Found 'ueath almost every b>wer; Aud to find me out, Mr. Emmett says, You only have the next six days. W. Fen wiok.
126. DOUBLE ACROSTIC As through the rom^h and stormy pathj Of life you onward pass, May y< u no grief or sorrow meet, And may your first be last. 1. Fair maid, deck'd out in me so fine, : You'll captivate a saint, With high chignon and Grecian bend, Your finery makes one faint. 2. This land, with French and Germans, Has caused a deal of rant; Count Bismarck vows he '11 have it, Gambetta vows he shau't. 3. In defiance of his country's laws He often risks his lire; His treachery ott has been the causa Of much ado and strife. 4. A celebrated battle-field I give j ou here to guess; In England 'tis; come, find it out, And you '11 not do unii-u. T. P. Hall. 127. DOUBLE WEDGE PUZZLE. First's a gem, which often decks a crown. For second, put a town in Scotland down. Third's a city in a foreign clime. Fourth's a letter, and fifth a portion of time. Sixth's a bird, reckon'd rather wise. For seventh, an Europeau country don't despise. The diagonals read down theu up, will name Two European countries of great fame, J. T. Palmer. 128. TRANSPOSITION. When the nights are dark and long, When the lark has ceased his song, You my total's form may greet, Standing iu the city street; Now transpose, and tar away, jind my form you surely may, Where the dusky darkies be, I am found, a foreign tree. William Aitken. 129. ENIGMA. When little Jack received my whole His thankful heart was lull of joy.J But in a week he soon did spoil His present, like a naughty boy. 1 'm large, I 'm small, 1 'm oblong, In shapes I'm most fantastic; To families I belong, For me you 're enthusiastic. Perhaps you are looking at my whole, Or mending a part of me; | I 'n. often bought when on a stroll, And me in tne shop yon see. Charles Hkmminqs. 130. CHARADE. I wander'd from my cottage home, Adown a beauteous glen, Where oit my first is seen to roam Across the flowery fen. All nature, that fair Sabbath morn, Seem'd beautitul and gay, Sweet music en the air was borne From second, far away. Full many a whole did sweetly bloom, All beautiful to see, Spreading a fragrant perfume jj'ar o'er the sy Ivan lea. Say, gentle maiden, will ye come, Far from the haunts of men, Where oft my first is seen to roam Across the flowery fen. William Aitken. 131. CHARADE. My first is where prisoners stand, And hear tneir awful doom; 'Tis also here that Justice's hand ' Grants many a gracious boon. My second sails upon the sea, Where wind and rain do be it; My whole the reader will plainly see To young couples is a treat. F. J. Stimson. 182. CHARADE. An animal for my first I requires And if to guess me you aspire, Go to the menageria close by, And there my first you will descry. An article of dress for my second I '11 take, Bnt I require extremely good make. My whole yon Ml find is a pretty flower; To guess me, now, does not want much power. Edward Ellis Trton. c P d
183. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant. To direct. A number. A large bird. A chandelier. A great traveller. An English town. Reserved. Pnrt of the head. A number. A vowel. The centrals read down and across will name a great traveller. Wm. Fenwick. 134. DIAGONAL CHARADE. Twenty-five letters here do go To form my simple riddle ; Two well-known poets' names will show A windmill in the middle. 1. Some are old, and some are new, In fact, they 're r ally droll; Sometimes the half you 'll only view, At other times the whole. 2. In the dusky winter right. Beam 1, like a beacon bright. 3. O'er the frozen lake they 're gliding, O'er the stagnant pool they 're sliding, Happy in their childish glee, Pleasures oft may come by me. 4. Seated round the blazing fire, In our happy dwelling, Oft I 've heard the aged sire i'his to childteu telling. 6. To the famed " S. B." indicting, This upon my last 1 'm writing. William Aitkrn.