PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
Contributions for insertion in this Journal must te endorsed "Enigmatical Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within si» das/s çf publication of the pastimes. Ml letters mutt te dated.
91. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A pleasure vessel this will state. 2. To detect or abominate. 3. Kly utxt is work doue by the day. 4. Au animal this will display, 6. My l»st will soon bring to your sight Vegetables of a great height. J. T. Palmer. 92. DOUBLE ACROSTIC.;] 1. Some young ladies do this, I know. 2. This a military rank will show. 3. Wh«-n eu't-uled, this convicts pick. 4. Ou this Tom Wildrake ott played a trick. 6. A well-known river, in Europe seen. The initials give a satirist very keen, Who was full of knowledge, wit and mirth; The finals give his place of birth. John Robkrt Danixl. 93. SQUARE WORDS. 1. What almost all do, every day. 2. A river this will buow. 3. What the Times gives this will display. 4. This once, or long ago. Andrkw Jack. 94. TRANSPOSITION. From what 'twill show Complete, I know You would wish to be free ; But it transpose, And 'twill disclose A sport some like to see. Jamks Whittakxr. 95. DIAMOND PUZZLE. If centrals you please con, You'll see, without a doubt, An ancient slow-coach gun, Which put the trench to rout. A contenant 'twill ever be. Noah's place of refuge on the sea. Ihis graces head of king or queen. In every ship there is one seen. A musket, used in many a fight. Diahonest creatures will be right. Of these we have a large array. 'Tis secou d nature, you will say. My last is fouud in last, 'tis true. The answer 1 now ask trom you, Quill. 96. REBUS. Footsteps on my Bands they are left By many men ol fame ; When 1 anı of my head bereft, And changad, a juice 'twill name. A primal placed before this word Will bring a mess to view ; Curtail, and then it will afford What may be said of you. A final add, but first behead, A gentle beast is seen ; Transpose, the letters that are dead Have often in this been. Charlks Hammings. 97. CHARADE. My firet is seen in every jail, My next on every soil ; My third in kitchens always bides ; My lourth is iu tne lovely brides; My whole can make a smile. 6. J. BRLI/, CHARADE. My first means to think, or to know ; in my next a metal is seen , My third, transposed, will show To you a number, 1 ween. Brave men upon my whole have fought, For hie aud liberty ; Alasi alasi they've fought for nought But death and misery. William Мшига?.
99. 8QUARE WORDS. First a division of the eartU will name fi Against, my next doth mean ; A planet that's well kn>wu to fame ; And fourth will dress be seen. J. C. SlíHOLKS. 100. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I want you a towu to expound, And it in Europe may be found ; My next is m a theatre seen, And it is near lhe stage, I ween ; My next a hole will be, Which iu a barrel we often see ; My next a woman's name will give, Who in the ancieut time did live.. Initials and finals down, display Two passions wuicb the heart do sway. Charlks Urkknhalqh. 101. SQUARE WORDS. A bird, much used in olden times. A. girl's Christian name. A kind of fruit. A town iu Ireland. \ painful ex¬ ert sceuce, transposed. A place where a .terrible battle was fougbt. R. Yklssorc 102. CHARADE. My first is a boy's Cbristiau name ; My second means not tame ; Third a kind of bird will show ; Whole, a story we all know. John Doculas 104. CHARADE. '· Now, Hridget, you're young, and much wanting in brains, But improvement is certain if you will take pains, Of that L have not any fear ; So now take this firet, and, as you're a sinner, Be sure that you buit it superbly for dinner ; There, use your best efforts, my dear." I then kft the kitchen, and poor Bridget bobbing, But 1 soju was recalled by a horrible sobbing. And 1 found my new servant in grief. "Och, misthress! " she cried, iu a lach ry muse tone, " 1 did thry my hardest, but that wagaboue WalKed out of the door, the ould thief I " Shure, misthress, I filled wid c >uld water my aecond, For ou first's vagaries I niver had reckoned ; He couldn't at all Btand the heat. Whin the wather got warm he jumped out wid a cry, And made for the back door, wid claws half-mast high ; And ihin he walked into the sthreet. " So if, misthress, darlin', you'll only forgive, I'll not boil auotber as loug as I live." Here she placeJ on the fire a lange coal. "And you'll uut deny, as with laughter you burst, That the little black spalpeen's as clever a first As ever was caught in a whole." F. Lkigh.