PRIZE COMPETITION FOR JUNE.
THE Prizes for the month of June will be given for the best answers to the following riddles and questions. The Competition is open to lads of all ages up to twenty. Friends, male and female, may be consulted, providing that they do not exceed the given age. The prizes will as usual be of 21., I., two of Ios., and four of 5s., given in money. In case of equality, the prizes will, as in all competitions in THE UNION JACK, be given to those who stand highest on the canvassers' list.
DOUBLE AcROSTICS. (Both readfr om top to bottom, initials and finals.) 1. Things of the present day, science's proudest boast; Without them, we should really feel quite lost. I. I waste the land; the ancients deemed me sent A scourge of heaven for their punishment. A town in France. When Rome held sway in Gaul I flourished there-and have survived its fall. 3. A useful beast, but ugly to the eye; He can exist when others soon would die.
4.. Uncouth my name, yet I make music sweet; No first class band without me is complete. 5. A German town ; so wrecked by conqueror's hate That the world shuddered when it heard my fate. 6. A town in Essex; not much known to fame. A market's held there; farmers know my name. 7. A tale of power of air; mysterious, dread. A well-known poet wrote me. He is dead. 8. A goblin creature with a frolic mood : One can't dislike him, though he is not good. 9. This ancient town and fort in Hungary stand Not greatly known to fame beyond that land. I0. Men often say things will occur As sure as we are what we are. 2. In one we like the other; but the taste Never survives when once the first has past. I. I once made a journey in hope of great gains, But as no one was pleased, I'd my work for my pains. I'm a seaport the British bombarded one day; They set me in flames, and they then sailed away. 3. I'm a soldier, a gallant one too, without fear; Though under this name I am never known here. 4. Offered at heroes' tombs in days gone by- An awful waste, as no one will deny. 5. I am not square, in fact I'm almost round, Though if you look my angles may be found. 6. The world and oranges alike are me, They are, indeed, as you at once should see. 7. When I'm complete, they say you almost feel me; Yet I defy the sharpest thief to steal me. CHARADE. An old knight stands at his castle gate, And thinks of the days gone by, When his arm was strong, and his heart was stout, And his hopes were great and high. But now he's myfirst, and his sight is dim, And his sword hangs by the wall; But e'er when he thinks of my second's death The tears of regret will fall. She was ever kind and true to him, And as loving as loving could be; But she lies in her grave on that grassy slope, 'Neath the shade of the old yew tree. The old knight coughed, when a brimming cup Was brought by a damsel fair, Which her mother, who was in simples skilled, From my whole had distilled with care. AN AMERICAN ENIGMA. I. In weary and in bleary, z. In bleary but not in bright 3. In weary and in bleary, 4. In bleary but not in bright; 5. In weary and in bleary, 6. In bleary but not in bright. My whole is an animal, dreary, That prowls about at night.
INSECTS. I. I do my second in my first. 2. I am my second and third in my first. 3. My first is a bird; my second a fish. 4. My first an animal; my second and third are an insect. 5. My second and third are a million times heavier than my first. PLACES IN GREAT BRITAIN. I. My first and second could not live without my third. 2. There are few things that are my second getting into my first for. 3. My first does my second. 4. My first could not live without my second. 5. If you don't keep my first straight you run against my second. 6. It is only after a wreck that you have any chance of finding my second on my first. 7. If you keep my first and second in a house, you will neverreach my third. 8. My second would make a very uncomfortable first; but it always is over one. 9. If you try to drive my first into my second, you will lose it to a certainty. SOME OLD PUZZLES. I. St. Paul's church clock takes thirty seconds to strike six o'clock. How lo ng does it take to strike twelve ? z. A snail started one morning to climb up a pole twelve feet high. He climbed up two feet every day, and slipped down one every night. How longwas he getting to the top ? 3. An old woman going to market bought thirty apples at two a penny, and thirty at three a penny; when she got there she found the market slack, and she determined to sell them at cost price, so she tumbled them into one basket, and sold them at five for twopence. On counting the money when she had sold all, she found she had lost a penny by the transaction. Ex- plain how this occurred. 4. Cut from a piece of paper two squares, thus:-They may be of any size, and bear any proportion to each other. It is required to cut them so as to construct an exact square with the pieces of the two. Do it in the fewest possible cuts; and explain the principle I on which you act.