• PRIZE :nígmatical pastimes, utions for the Prize Competition must be endorsed gmatical Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within ays of publication of the pastimes. AU letters must bc I.
ue. CHARADE. How pleasant in the w inter cold, When chilly bitter blasts do blow, And earth is covered o'er with snow, A cheerful primal to behold. My custom is, 'fore going to bed, ' To bolt and double bar the door, And see that second is secure; Of bui glare l've a wholesome dread. L'eu that is uot enough for me; Beside the bed, betöre I sleep, I place my whole, and this I keep Keady for an emergency. M. McDermott. 117. NA!rtE8.tN THE- "SON8 OF iiûITANNU" ENIGMATICALLY WRITTEN. laeenunmmrs. 2. abeeehiklmmooorrst. 3. aaceeeefhln- u. 4. aabehilllnorst. 5. accekmmmorruy. β acceh- nrr. , . .· ■ ·', , . ..... Wm. Fknwiok. HS. CHARADE. My first is a, very little word, A verb, as^ Vou maý see ; To tell you mofe about this verb Would be unwise of me. My second ta a beverage, A spurit, too, a» well ; And oft brings waut and misery,— As many a soul can tell. My whole is what you do if you Sit down to find this riddle ; 'ou '11 have to do it flrst of all, Not when you reach the middle. George Thomas. 169. CHARADE. My first, whea winter breezes blow, Is cold, and bleak, and wild, With hills enwreathed in heaps of snow, No longer green and mud ; But if you should the name transpose, You '11 find a comrade to the rose. My second is of earthy kind, But known to painters well; My third is pleasing to the mind When stormy oceans swell, For there a shelter you will find From frost, and snow, and rain, and wind. My wbole is iu my first, and bears A name of high renown ; Its sons, when armed with pointed spears, Rept Caledonians down ; Now commerce opes her gates of gold, Where history could her tales unfold. Geo. J. Bkll. 160. SQUARE WORDS. t A female Christian name first write ; I N ext, what is only seen at night ; For third, a sign of grief or pain ; A female Christian name again. M. McDkkmott. Ml, CHARADE. My first may be found on a leopard or boar; 1'will be useful, indeed, till the winter is o'er. My eecond I'm certain some tales have been thought, ло matter if they with much interest are fraught. My whole is a measure, much less than a mile ; 1 dare not say more—you must ponder awhile. H. V. И. Grant. 162, CHARADE. My first, a portion of tbe human frame; Curtailed, a note in music it will show ; My last 's a portion of my whote I know, Winch, when complete, to you a bird wül name. M. McDjrh.mo'J't. 163. REBUS. Take me complete, yon Tİ find me, as I live, Tub.W"? ?lei8inie that the world can give; Take but a letter from me, 1 will show ihe greatest curse the world can ever know, Gko. J. Bull. 16*. CHARADE. An honest man, I tell yeu true, My first, beheaded, would not do; And if you 've last, without a doubt, lhe total is you'll find this out. M. McDxrmott. Ih P
1β5. CHARADE. When frost is king o'er all the land, My first is surely to be fonnd; On every stream, in field or lane, And also on every pond. My flrst is also on the sea, Combined with coid aod mist ; My second's in every busy town ; And my whole is a place to keep my first C, Grkenhalgii. 186. CHARADE. My flrst a relation of mine is reckoned, Who very often plays my second ; My whole is a well-known character, I ween, That is in the Youno Briton seen. Gnoses Thomas. 167. TRANSPOSITION. Both large and small, you oft may meet My whole within the crowded street ; And when transposed, your ear will greet What oft produces music sweet; But when curtailed you will behold What truly could dark deeds unfold ; Reverse me now, aud I will nunc An English town that's kuown to fame. G. Grrvis. 168. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A boy's name. Ah insect. To harvest. A bird. A berry. Soon. A valiant man. A Malayan root. Coverings for tne feet A kind of grain. A large river. The initials, read downwards, will give the name of a great dramatic writer, and the finals three of his plays. W. Fknwick. 169. CHARADE. My flrst's a favourite with all, Tis also, as you '11 see, a squall ; My second 'll be the end of you, 'Tıs the beginning of us, too ; My third's я cutting instrument ; And whole I'm psevish discontent. Ή. E.V. Geant. 170. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A vowel. To decline. A well-known play. Fortresses. Ditliculties. A squeaking instrument. Striking effect. A kind of fisb. A consonant. In this puzzle no letters must be used excepting those that are in the word of which the diamond is formed. Wm. Fenwick. 171. CHARADE. " Why baste thee so ? " said Dick to Sam, As they met, the other day; " 1 haven't seen thee for an age ; Where art thou going, pray ? " Said Sam, " I am going far away. You may never see me my second ; It is many a mile from here, I- trow, Where my third my first is reckoned. " And there I 'll dig for shining gold, Till I am rich with gam, Then, after many years of toil, I '11 return to roy whole again." Now, riddlers, after reading this, You haven't found out me; Upon the map of England look,— No doubt my whole you '11 see. Gkorgk Thomas. 172. ACROSTIC. 1. With its brilliant plumage of gold and green, This beautiful bird you often bave seen. 2. Witbout this both man and beast would die, And plants on the dry ground withered would lie. 3. This river of fame through England does run ; Of names it has two, and here you have one. 4. Brave soldiers, ye fought for jrour country right well, And many a one of yoa, fighting thus, fell. 6. This title а weak but great man bore Who now is in exile, to come back no mere. 6. This season, se pleasant, is now coming on, And winter and cold away from us are gone. 7. This truly was a statesman great, Beloved and honoured by the State. 8. This names an interesting tale ; Tò pleaee each reader it cannot fail. 9. This beautiful country you all ought to know; Here invalids often, to get tlieir health, go. ÌO. Dethroned, disgraced, despi í cd by every one, He languishes in exile, thought of by none. 11. This names a king of olden time, And with it I conclude my rhyme. Initials, read downwards, will name a well-known feature in this Journal. W. Mount.
173. ARTTHMOREM. 10Б0 and sure Ann. 1560 1000 1600 1001 10(0 2001 1601 1052 1000 1651 1000 1001 1161 1011 Noah. take wren. a frost. bang oak. of a hnt. hang rib. horn. starn. hot wart. be sea. tap no thorn. tan thong. bar foe. treas'n. The initials of the above English towns will give tbe name of a magazine that has met the approbation of all parties in every department of its various kinds of literature. J. T. Palmi«. 17*. ENIGMA. I'm found in Prussia and in France, I'm also found in Spain, I'm never seen upon the moor, Yet always in the plain. If you look back in history, You'll see that I'm iu war, I'm always with a battery, Though never seen in corps. I'm always with the policeman When he's upon his beat ; I'm also with the saiior On board the naval fleet. With sriminals I'm alwaye seen, In jail I'm always found ; At Portland and at Scotland Yard I always do abound. And in the Sons ov Britannia You'll veţy soon find me, In tliat famous naval tale, " All's WeU " I'm always sure to be. If ever you should go abroad I'm always with you tbere, Though never seen in tiger, You'll find me in his lair. And, in conclusion, bear in mind, I'm not in me or you ; In farewell 1 am always seen, And likewise in adieu 1 Ukohgk Thomas.