PUNCH ALMANAC FOR 1876. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &o. DEFINITIONS (BY THE PBIZET.AKEEY): "r
1. Boss Cookle.-This word is derived from the Greek ioa;io; and rakos, bad; freely interpreted it means an unpleasant aninnal-a nasty~beasb .. ":,. 2. Free Selector.-A person who levies black mail. Thus Dick Turiin was a free selector. In latet days, however, a new species of the genus hasdeveloped, which turns its attention to levying contributions thi aless direct but moreoffensive manner. 8. A Township:-The portion of lend surrounding a grog sihop. 4. The Wallaby Track.-A road leading to a portion of land tsurrounding a grog shop. 5. A Loafer.-The person who reside on the portion of land u ding a grog shop. 6. A Premier.-A kind.of Jack-of-alUtrades, seeing that he iaist be a cabinet- maker, know something about stonewalling, be acquainted with the craft of the smith, and familiar with the biusainess of the undertaker, at least so far as "Berryia', isfconcerned. 7. An Editor.-A caution to snakes. n8. Copyrlghit.-This is a word, the meaning of which has not'yet been ascertained In Victoria': 9. A Boy-glrl.-A party of uncertain gender, whose get-up is suggestive of Leap- year, seeing thatit is bi-sex-style. 10. The.Block.-A;feet Market. 11. A Squatter.-The bear in the Zoological Gardens. 12. A Backer of Horses.-A'man whom, as Shakespeare so beautifully observes, 't'i'ere bdserflatteryto niame an adjective fool." 18. A Ohallenge Cup.-The article your wife shied at your head at breakfast when you ventured to differ with her, 14. A White Lie.-A paper shirt front. 15. A Larrikin.-A paradox, because he'saa nuisance that ought always to be conm- nIttefd. GiEOMETRIOAL PUZZLE. - G L-L EVE NOON EAGLE -LA B.IAA'1 G'L NE L G CRYPTOGRAPH.-PHONETIC. Love came and brought sorrow Too soon in his train, Yet so sweet that to-morrow 'Twere welcome again. SQUARE WORDS. HAVE M.. L..;A. IVAN L.S.D. TENT I RIDDLES, . 1. Because one's parents one ought to love, and the other's 1028. 2. Because "maid" without an eye becomes mad. 3. Because one is spelt with "difficulty" and the other is spelt with EEs. 4. Because it's just under your nose. 5. Because a little Ovid goes a long way. a. When its skewered (cured). 7. Because there's a singing out when it's near the boil. 8. One's half drunk and the other's drunk water. 9. One goes through a court to become bound, and the other goes through'the court to become free. ACROSTIC. Coomassie. Sartorius. C anvaS OperA O leandeR M arabouT A dagiO 8 pan- S ahlmagundl IOU SeseneS ENIGMA. Gas. CONS. 1. A cat or pillow (caterpillar). 2. To pass the bottle. 8. Because one lights the fire, and the other iglhts the liar. PICTURE PUZZLES. 1. When Greek meets Greek, then comes the tug of war. 2. There is something in the distresses of our best friends not altogether dis- pleasing to us. r p Here's a sigh for those we love, and a smile for those we hate. - The prize has been awarded to Mr. F. CaooP1, Albury; N.S.W. t The next three in order of merit are T. J. Troweil, Brighton; H. M'Donaai, Carlton; and W. G. Gilliugham, Englehawk.