PUZZLE PAGES.
~r N) ýirjr =_rJ - U--- I ~--? J~t~·
52.-PUZZLE. SCHOLAR profound, whose learning, wit, And wisdom overturned the world, Who laid the egg another hatched, And upon priests confusion hurled, O bright and never-setting star, Tell us what countryman you are ? Brave spirit, who in darkest days Rose up to fight for freedom's sake, Who broke a hateful despot's yoke, And made his throne's foundation shake, Ascending thy triumphal car, Tell us what countryman you are ?
Bold sea-dog, who dared brave our wrath, And all our naval force defy, Who at the last, when fortune changed, Could bravely at thy duty die! Old foe ! old friend ! thou gallant tar! Tell us what countryman you are? Quaint limner, skilled in all the tricks Of art that our fancy raises, But chiefly known to all of us By painting royal and noble faces, Thy fame hath spread both wide and far, Tell as what countryman you are? And the same 'answer we expeet From each and all, with name and station Given in full, with date of birth And death, for out approbation. You one and all unknown to few are, I vow, or else I am what you are! This is the puzzle we propose To our " own" boys; the picture showeth A humorous type of those to whom The meaning of the puzzle goeth. Answer for each to whom we've spoken. Who are they, see-the print's the token! 53.-CHARADE. Sir Launcelot rode forth to fight, As brave a first as ever rode, His armour heavy, his spirits light, A grey and gallant mare he strode; But ere he on his way set out, Hle sought a monk his arms to bless. From 'neath my next the friar looked out, And bade him all his sins confess; Then went he forth, and fought, and won, For love of England filled his soul; When home he came, his combats done, He was an honour to my whole.
54.-CHARADE. My first was strong and fortified, And .filled with armed men, The leaguing. army it defied Yfr many weeks, and then Given was the word. my first to storm, And to reduce my whole. And youig and gallanti Tom de L'Orme Wa~ glad that day in soul; Ite knew thft, far acdi far away, A maiden in the West Woid& hear anon of the desperate fray, And courage filled his breast. But ere he led his men that morn, My second first he kissed- A love-gage from his maid forlorn- And his eyes were filled with mist. Then onward his brave men he led To gain the battered first, And nobly, gallantly they bled- The foe had done their worst; But all in vain, for ere the night Had closed upon the field, The whole was won, theirs was the fight, The first was forced to yield. 55.-CHARADE. I was waiting for my first With a patience most untiring. "Is my- whole not very late ?" I kept now and then inquiring. Sure a lazy second is he- Oh, my whole, be quick, I pray! For I want to hear from Lizzie- Here he comes across the way ! 56.-WORD SQUARE. 1. Twisted hemp. 2. Mineral produce. 3. A stealthy look. 4. To see unexpectedly.
cI .
57.-PUZZLE FOR THE YOUNGSTERS. COME ! WHAT WAS ITr? My little pussy cat, a black and white is she, The best of all the purring tribe, and very fond of me. The other night my little puss by me was plainly seen Employing a spare moment with the Boy's OwN MAGAZINE; She saw a sight within the book amongst the puzzles light Which tickled so her fancy that it made her laugh outright. 0 Whittington i 0 Carabas! 0 Fairy Pussy White! I never, did you ever, see or hear of such a sight? Puss licked her jaws, she scraped her claws, she whisked her inky tai And uttered a me-ow-ow that was very like a wail ! And when she went to sleep at last I still could plainly see She was not her own self at all, though lying on my knee: She started, shivered, now and then gave sundry little snorts; She was dreaming-O that she would take a penny for her thoughts What-was it made my pussy so unquiet? I'll engage You'll guess it when you've looked upon the picture in this page.