PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD,
HAPPY ' .,- ' '- New Year to you all, my little Pilgrims. For the New Year is upon us ! Eighteen Seventy Four is standing in Eighteen Seventy Three's shoes-- which are rather big = for him just ' - ____- yet - and _~---- -----_-...__knocking for admittance at our door and as he is bound to come in, whether we like it or no, we may as well put a good face on it, and bid him welcome. " Don't stop to wipe your shoes, but just step in and make yourself at home," as the shark said to the sailor, who had tumbled overboard, and seemed anxious to get out of the wet. What the sailor's answer was I don't know;-perhaps (sailors are rude sometimes) he only said " Hold your jaw !" Well, I suppose you have all made up your minds to begin the New Year pleasantly. It used to be a very great treat to me, when I was a little boy, to be allowed to sit up, and hear the bells announcing the birth of another year. New years are like the mile-stones you pass on a long day's walk. At first, in the morning, you seem to pass them so quickly you are almost afraid the ramble won't last long enough. But by-and- by, when the sun is going down in the west, the mile-stones seem such a distance apart, and you toil along, very weary and footsore. You, little folks, are at the beginning of the march, and so you welcome each New Year very heartily, because you have-ah, you have what we, old folks, don't get as often as we should like ! You get-but you must guess '-
(A.) The weather is very severe just now, but it is seasonable, for all the old pictures of Christmas are white with snow. Of course, such hard weather places the poor, to whom no good child would wish ill, in great distress. But then those who are well off can and do assist their poorer neighbours, and so enjoy their own Christmastide all the better. How clear every sound is on the frosty air, for it froze hard last night and the night before it snowed. "Ding," ring the bells, " ding! ding ! " So here's a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all of us . I am a little surprised to find that so many of you don't understand how to discover the " buried " things. I suppose they must be new pilgrims, for when we first began our travels in Puzzledom we had lots of buried things to dig up. For the benefit of those who don't understand I will explain. In each sentence portions or the whole of two or three words will be found to form the buried object. For instance, I say that the present season will be found buried in the following sentence: -- " The robins and other birds are now iin terrible distress for want of food, so throw out crumbs to them.
You will see that the letters I have put in Italics form the word .." winter." We won't bury anything in the garden just now, for it is not quite the weather to go digging; but I daresay you know that some people put a ring and a sixpence into the Christmas plum- pudding, and that it is said the finder of the ring will be married, and the finder of the sixpence rich before the next Christmas. Well, I will hide a coin and a trinket in my pudding. (See B. on last page). There, my young friends, take a slice of that pudding, and see if you can hit upon the treasures concealed in it. I suppose at this season even in the very distant counties wherever there is a theatre there is a special entertainment for little people. In London it is especially the children's time, and it makes one feel almost young again to hear their hearty silvery laughter at the pantomime or the clapping of their little hands at the circus, where the horses go round and round and round, till one wonders they don't get giddy and tumble down; while the band keeps playing away "pulz pum-pum ! ulln pum-pum ! " and the hoofs keep time to the music. But before we go any further, let me once more introduce you to four old friends. (C.) I _ _.-._
I have been trying very hard to describe for you a Puzzledom Pantomime, but'I have had to give up the task as too difficult. But I can give you a sort of a plot for one. You will find it in this (D.) CHARADE. Her Christian name I do not know- Perhaps 'twas Jane or Fanny, But this I know she had to go An errand to her granny. And she was giddy-that's the worst; But then you see she was my First. A cruel monster laid a plan Of treason and of slaughter; And first he ate up poor old gran, Then wished to eat grand-daughter. But did not do what he had reckoned, As you have probably-my Second. But when to carry out his scheme, He jumped poor granny's bed off; A woodman heard the lassie scream, Came in and cut his head off. Loud cries of "author " here are heard, And so comes in, and bows. my Third. And next the Transformation scene The story follows after; Then comic business comes, I ween, To wake the children's laughter, And that concludes my puzzle droll- The Christmas Pantomine, my Whole. It is very easy to get up little Christmas pieces among yourselves, my young folks, and I think it exercises your ingenuity and sharpens your wits to do so. The best amusements and employments you can get are those you devise for yourselves. You have too much ready-done for you in these days. Little girls can have dolls and dolls' houses all as perfectly furnished as if they were grown-up and going to marry and settle; and boys can go to a shop and buy steamboats all fitted. When I was a youngster such things were unknown, even supposing I had had the money to buy them. But what was the result ? I had to contrive my own toys, and to this day I feel the benefit of it, because I can turn my hand to all sorts of odd jobs. My sister and I fitted a doll's house with furniture cut out of elder-pith, and I made a diving-bell with a broken wineglass and a stick of firewood-only the diver, who was constructed of sealing-wax, would always come off his seat when he had
been a minute under water. As for acting, we were stage-struck, and even got so far as to try the opera of " Sappho ;" but ended it so tragicomically that all the characters being dead on the stage there was no one to let down the curtain; until Sappho (Miss Hood, her first appearance in that part) put her head up over the brown-paper-draped end of a bed, which formed the Leucadian rock, and said "Is it all over?" being as- tonished at the silence of the audience, who (two in number) thought it would be wrong to applaud before the fall of the curtain. A few rehearsals will prevent any little mis- hap like this-a little ingenuity will supply dresses-and as for plot and dialogue, well, you will find all that in the stories which must be familiar to all children. I mean- (E.) AICl.Anr 5pN I am going to give you another Double Acrostic, because I find that some of you, in spite of my explanation, are unable to see the way to solve the puzzle. I will show you once more how to make acrostics. First you choose two words that contain the same number of letters-say, Dog and Cat. Then you want the steps, that is to say, three words, the first beginning with D and ending with C, the second beginning with 0 and ending with A, and the third beginning with (; and ending with T. Well, then let us say we take DomestiC, OmegA, and GhosT. then we begin with a verse alluding to Dog and Cat, for instance saying that people talk of the life certain animals lead, but that often they're friends very happy indeed. Next we go to verse No i, and say that of all the virtues e'er professed this virtue certainly is best ;-and so on ! Now, try again, my little friends, and see if you can make out this-
(F) . DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Old Aquarius, Far from hilarious, Sets the top spinning again! And Seventy-Four Now knocks at the door, With a dozen of friends in his train. i. For a garment like this In old days, I wis, That buff Was the stuff. 2. If in Darwin you believe This poor relation please receive, And bid him share Your Christmas fare. 3. Of Aunts and Uncles have I none, So this is not my Uncle's son. 4. When Bessie sees a spider She calls it this in terror; Were her experience wider She'd know she was in error,- That which obeys its Maker's plan Is far more beautiful than man ! 5. The sky On high Is like the eye Of her, for love of whom I sigh. 6. Cherry, Apricot, and Peach, Take a kernel out of each; And you shall a flavour make Which is very nice in cake. 7. Happy lad "with the dimpled chin That never has known the barber's shear "- That is how Thackeray brings you in, Happy are you, whose lives begin,- "Wait till you come to forty year!" I heard the Waits last night, and I thought them rather melancholy. I prefer carol-singers, such as one hears in the country. They used to sing such quaint old carols in the West of England when I was a lad, and used to make a regular night's work of it, going from house to house in the village, to sing under the windows, and wish the dwellers all the compliments of the sea- son. It must have been rather tiring work, but I think it never spoilt any one's appetite for Christmas fare. Ah, by the way, whO
knows the traditional history of Christmas" fare? Here it is in picture language : (G.) There is another seasonable maxim which I will give you in the form of (H.) A PROVERB IN RHYME. Christmas is a pleasant season, For it comes when days are dreary; We enjoy it, but with reason, And of games not once grow weary, For we have a lot of fun, When the year at last is done. Next when Christmastide is finished, And we see it disappear; Comes with mirth all undiminished, After it, the glad New Year ! And it brings new mirth and joy, Gladdens each good girl and boy, So they hail it with a cheer ! This time I mean to give you a prose essay, and its subject shall be- THE NEW YEAR. I must ask my little people not to write very long essays. Their easiest plan will be to write in the regular essay form, that is to say, in three paragraphs. Thus, they will begin by what I will call TIe starting of the subject "-a few remarks aboe what a New Year is. Then, they will go to "The thinking about the subject " wi hat should be done with a New Year, what resolutions we should make, and try to keep. Lastly, they will reach "The winding-up of the subject," in which they will wind up what Sthey have said, and gather up the loose ends.
These three divisions are generally called the Exordium, the Argument, and the Peroration ; but my description will answer all purposes for my pilgrims. Last of all, I have to give:- (K) UNWEDDED RHYMES. THE STREETS IN WINTER. Snow. Roof. Cold. Damp. I will now give you the lists of solutions and of correct guessers. SOLUTIONS. A.--I. Prefer not-fern. 2. The athletic-heath. 3. Snowballing or seeking-gorse. 4. This should evidently read "garb en- tirely" = bent, but was wrongly copied. 5. Tanti/y-ivy. 6. Shrub r-oom-broom. B.-T, hose. T, hat. Hide. Can. F, in D,-Those that hide can find. C.-Hand-cur-chief.-Handkerchief. D.-Fiery Drag-on; C, serpent-sea ser- pent; U nigh corn-Unicorn ; Roc(k). E.-Box. F.-A, bird. Inn. the. Hands, W o'er T.H. Two in the bush.--A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush. G.-Snows, Frost :-Snuff, Nigger, Octavo, Witness, Seagirt. .H.-i. U-Yew. 2. Hol(e), (s)ly.-Holly. 3. I(na)vy-ivy. 4. Bay. 5. Lau(d), rel(ief.)-laurel. 6. mis(s), el(l), toe.- misel toe. I.-Robin. S, on Cruse. O-Robinson Crusoe. The. R. a bee. Ann. knights-The Arabian Nights. Paw. Land ! Virgin.ia. -Paul and Virginia. IC-Romance. For L and J[ see answers. The following have answered all puzzles correctly :- Lotus ; M. Stephens; J. A. Mariegld; Poker and Tongs ; Nellie and L. Webster; Cat. Pug, and Fudge; Darby and Joan; Marie ; Two Patriarchs ; Smoke ; Edgeler (lake; Enaj ; Alice's Oak Tree; Claude Lowe; l'etndragon; Fenclla; Laburnum, Clematis, and Canariensis ; Fuzwig: Little Nell ; Alexander Llew : Widdie ; Alice Freemantle ; C. E. Allen : Nettie ; Wan- derer ; Penmorva ; Madge; W. Gellan: Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton : G. D. Sharp ; Kate and Mary Elgin; Yorkshire Lassie; Amny and Constance ; Sydney Gimson; Katie Glassford: Edith E.; F. and J. H. Purser; Padishah Doodeen ; Harry Hotspur; The Red Queen; Alice Stronach; Organ Blower; Wills; Algeria 1)unlop ; Gemini; Nelly Lewis ; Lucy Maine; Erin: Emmie ; Alice and Fred : Sib Boneson ; C. J. Powell; J. and J. Williamson ; Dorothy Tylor; J. D. McClure; Adela; Louie; Emmeline: Ming-Ping; Florence Mary S.; Arthur and Florence; Ashantee; Ursa M\linor; Sybil Sherriff; Mabel Gib- T !1
bins; H. C. Johnstone ; Lallie ; Edith Lack ; Mignonette; Alice and Florence Humphreys; Lualabinetta ; Marion Maud; W. A. P.: Amy Measor; Nellie Macdonald ; Clarita; Rosa Sillitoe ; Zoe and Beatrice ; L. L. Nicholls; Lily of the Valley; Emma and Cousin Anne; Frank Arnold ; Helen of Troy; Willie Horton ; Linda and Zelda; Effie and Ally; Sour Grapes; Flo- rence Jewell ; Ber and Pollywog ; H. E. Upton ; Mabel Wal- misley; Neddumo and Bee; Clara and Herbert; Octopus Kathleen Maude; Arthur G.; Frisky ; Edmonds IDamas & Co.; Maggie Croall; The Brat; J. and G. Macdonald; 'Three Bears Ada, Edith, and Beachie; Die Zauberfldite; Cinderella; Al. Paterson; Mary Henrietta. The following have answered those puzzles of which the initial letters in Italic are attached to their names. C. G. Rogers, B FII H ; Ella and Misey. A B CUD /F F1 I K; Duck, Drake, and Pig, A B C I) E IFG HI K; Winifred Eyres and H. Comber, B C BD E fG H II ; John Duncan, A BCC D E F G HI K; Tommy Bogey, BC D lS F G H I K; Charlie and Percie Carryer, B' C 1) FG 11H I ; ''weedledum, BCD E SI I KI; Marta, A B C D F I'H II; Whilhel- mina, F G i ; W. J. S.,1 C D F G HI-i K; Edith Budden, A B C D ES H I; Lily, Annie, and Susie Rowe, B CD E F G HI K ; J. H. Robertson, B1C JS G I K ; J. F. Al M. and the Scottish Virgin, A B C D E G H I Ki ; Luigia, B C D E F I IK; Isabella Blatch, B CDE F G I K; H. S. J. V. T.,B CD FHI ; Gastruln,B CDI E G H I K; "Mabel Ellis, B CD F G HI i K; Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice Baldwin, A B C E IT I K; Dolly Morten, A B C]) F G I K ; Sunbeam, C F: ; E. C., B' C ) F H ; Stanley Flint, BC 1) FH I IA; Katie, Eddie, and Gus Deacon, B CDE F H 1 AK; Violet, B C D L1 Kl i; Katie Abbott, B C E PS1 ; Zeluni L. R., B C) G /1." GI K; G. R. G;wyn, BD I'; May Tatum, B C D E IF HI AK ; hi. Hope, B C D)E C L H I KI ; Topsy W.,' CE K; Puck, B C D FHII K; Annie Ger- trude Drew, C G C ; Rosebud, CD F H K; E. Al. K., A BC D F G ; Eureka, CDE F HI K: Chim, A BC D F G I ; E. Hutton, C E F G H I A h ; Ecila, B C .D FHI K; Taffy and his friends, B C E i'F G HI Ii ; Piggie, C L) E i F II K; Beatrice and Ethel Nightingale, B C D F B' H1 K; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, C D 1 1 I KA; Char, Ina, and Lu, B C D B' H I K; Scholasticus, B C ) E P IG I K; Primrose, ABC C E G I I ; J. E. W., I KA ; Tarquin and Trumpcter, B C D . F HI K: Ada and Annie. ABCD F H I IA : Minna and Brenda, BC 1) F( HI K; Toby, B C D E PS G C 1 K; Oaken Cough, B CD ES G HI K; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, A B C FE - G I C I K; Norah Emmeline Blawcutt, B C ) E F G HI I A ; Celestine, BCDEFGHIK; AMabel Peake,CDE FGHIA; The lifracombe Bouquet, B C ) E 1F 1 1 1; Emily, Constance, Howard, and Margaret, B C D E F G HI I i K; Robin Hood and Little John, B C F 1"G CH I K ; W. and J. Thomson, B C D E F G HI K ; Lillie and Alabel, A B C 1) E F" II LA ; Duchess, B' C E I) G H I AK"; MAyosotis, C K; Little Nell, B C D " F G H 1 A; Beatrice Vivian, B DE , I KL ; W\ini- fred Evans, B C D E .F// / A'; Bunny Bugus, I CE G If I K ; Willie Mac, BC)D C G I/ : Dick, BCDE F G I 1 K; Buttercup and Daisy, B I) F! /I K; Lucumo, B C 1) E F G I I A; Willie Sheppard, .1 B CD E I) F 1 : ; Kitty Merry, B CD F l I / 1 ; Queen Mab, B CD S/I K; Eunice, K; B. Nevill, B CD E F G If I A; Humming Bird, .1 BC DE F I I ; dith Holland, B C DE F G H I l; Annie Allen, B 1 I A ; Cymraes, A B C D F IF I IK ; S. J. E. D., C DI) F HI ; Colen, CDLE F GI K; Brown Hair, B C ) 1 F G I hI K; Sunshine, B C D F IL AK ; Woodbine, B C I) D 1' I IA' : The Baird, B C D E F G II I ; Edith Mary Glover, B C I) F HFlI Ii ; Funereal Frump, B C D E I' IL I K; Lilibulero, B C D F I" ( 11T IK ; Blanche, C 1) E F H I; Alice Berrington, B C 1) E 1" (G III K; Horatii and Curiatii, B D I IA; Edith MI. Stocklev, F ; R. H. Whall, B C D) E BF' I II A. E. Clapperton, BC DI) I A; Dolly Earnshaw, B C I) E F, G11 I A ; Lewie Clapperton, B D , GI( H K- ; Lilian and Gertrude, A B C D F 1" HI I/ K ; little Dor- rit and the Levys, B C F 1/ I KI ; E. G. Gallop, B C D I F G H I; Libas, D) I; Annie . Taylor, A B C I) F I A; Punch and Judy, .A BC CD /G H II I : W. R. Heatley, 1 C DBE ' HI Ki : J. K. F. Cleave, C A'H/ K; Fanny Barclay, B C D E I" G I I ; Menelaus, B D E I K ; Flo Silvester, B I'CG H K; J. Waldie, C 1)I1; Innes, AB B C IFG H/ K; Lelia Terni, C K; Bud, Blossom, and Berry, B C D F F GHILK; Dharwar, BC] I) I K; (Gussie, BCD C I I K; Bessie, B C D F If I K; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, A BCDE F HI K ; Alice Wade, B C I G I K; Henry Crookes,B C D E // I A ; Shrimp, B C D E I' A'; Lalla Rookh, BES I I ; B. Woods, BCD F G HI IK; Polly, CDE F G H I A; Elsie S., BC ( E I' I I A'; Sweet Briar, ' C D1E I'" ( H K ; Ardy, B ( 1) E F (; I/ I K; Harry J. Bilboe, B C D E I' G K; Amy Viguro, B C D E B' HI A K; The March Hare, B C B) E III A"; Minnie W., BCD F H / LK; Guy, Spick, and Rob, - I CE F G III K; Thedi Daymtora Tibeer, B C D E I IfI 1 A; Cupid and Sloper, A BCD FH L; .ucy Morris, C D E G HI K; Francesca T'., B C D EI H I ; Pixie, B CD F I I I ; Fred, BCD E H I ; The Graces, B C IG HI A; Louisa
Sarah, , B C D ' F I I 1 K; \V. K. Sharp, D I K; Ada Mason, B C D E F G /I K; Luise and Janette, B CDE F G(; I K; Francesca, B C D F G SI KIC; E. and F. Hunts. man, B CDE F G H ;: Ella, B CD E F H K; A Country Mouse, B CEG H ; Fanny Hall, B C I F HI/ K; G. Ballingall, B C D 1H K'; The Little Mountaineer, B D FGII I K; Kittums, A B CD ]E F G H; Rose Mary Leslie, .4 BC DE F K; G. Smetham, B C D E F HI A; W., E., and J. Tlhornton, B C DE G H I A'; Gerty and Katie, B D FP If[ AK; Margarette and Dora Sharpe, A B C E F Hi K; Laura Beddard, B C F) f HI; Ellen Wade, B C F G I ; Caiu, B C DE G hI ; Periwinkle, BCDE F G FHI ; Emily' ;CD F D P K; Nesta, ; 1'. M. Jarvis, D E F K'; Mary and Willie Arber, B C )D 1' G H I I ; Amelia Suermondt, B C D 1A I A ; Frederic Burghard, B C D E G H / 1K; Ellen Llewiel lyn and Edith Ash, A B CDE) " F HI IKi; Dragon of Wantley, C D E K; T. C. Hughes, A 1 C ) E F H I K; Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A B C 1) E F G 1 AK; Edith, Mary, and Eustace Noel, B C ) E F G H I KA; E. M. Cooper, B EG I I A; J. Thomson, 1) H' A'; Fridzwede, E K; Adaline, EK; Edie and Nellie B., B ) F K; R. D. Purves, B C 1 E G 11 A'; May Grenfell, B If / K; Angelita, / K: A. C. Spencer, CE SI H K; Eddie Sullivan, A B C I)D I H 1 K; Winifred Sullivan, B C I) F / G H I ; Elise, B' C D) 1 F K; Mother Carey's Chickens, B C D E F SI / K; Percy Reed, A ' CD lS S/I A Plum Pudding, B C D E I" I' K; Clhris. tina McDiarmed, B C D E 1ES G - 11 ; Emily Mlaude Smith, A B CDEFH I/ K; Poppy, E; Fidget, '; Chestnut, .-IA C ) 1F G I AK; The Four Little Ones. C 1H; Goosegirl and two Geese, BCD E ( I ; Mab, C D 1 (; HIi'; Joseph Rix, B C F If I; A. M. P.,1B C) E F I A; I'leur de lis, BC/' C 1 --; W Weathercock, B C I) : HI I i'; yl. F. ,., AB CD ) E SI I A-; Clara Cecilia Porter, BCD E F ;'(; 1 A'; ITeacup and Teaspoon, B C ]) 1 G- I I K; W. and D. Shearer, B C I)D F (; 1/ K; Orang Outan, A B C 1) E 1H I A; Mary, Connie, and Eddie, B C 1) F G 11 .I'. In (L.) " The effects of a severe winter," I must award the first place to Winifred Sullivan for the following lines :- (L.) THE EFFECTS OF A HARD "MINTER. I sickened at the summer sun, My heart was sad and sore, Grieving through gilded hours, for one " Not lost, but gone before." When bitter frost and blinding snow Effaced the shadowed day, I almost felt it well to know That he had gone away. For us the drear and darkened air, The pitiless white pall ;- For him the revelation fair Within the jasper wall. For him our dear Lord's better part- For us earth's frozen sod,- Bleak winter taught one restless heart To bear the will of God. The First Class consists of Lallie, and Organblower; the Second of May, Connie, and Eddie: Ashantee; Tommy Bogey; and Penmorva. In the third come Ellen Llewellyn; Luise ; Baby May; Emeic; and Little Dorrit; while Commendation falls to the lot of Louie; T. C. Hughes; Cat, Pug, and Fudge; Madge ; Wells; Sib Bone- son; and Ella Sara Levy. I have a good word too for Alice Barrington; Eddie Shill' van ; Periwinkle; and Edgeler Blake; though
their view of the effects of a hard winter are personal if not selfish, being like Rosa Silli- toe's absorbed in the notion of Chapped hands, chilled toes, Ruddy cheeks, and red nose. Eddie quaintly says 'Toes become traditional, Once we had some-that is all ! Gemini would have taken a good place but for trying to rhyme " board " and " bored ;" and "thaw " and " poor"; and Laura Bod- dard would have been classed if she had not failed to rhyme more than two lines out of four. In looking over these verses I have found a good deal of what I am afraid I must call " cheap sentiment; " that is to say, many of my little friends have made their lines turn upon the misery of "the poor," and the heartlessness of "the rich." Now, though I gave the subject with the intention of re- minding them of the hardships of the poor, I never thought of accusing the rich. If some wealthy people seem hard, you should re- member that it may arise from want of know- ledge of suffering, just as you little folks, who have never been ill, cannot understand why an invalid is weak and pale and thin. The poor are very good to the poor, because they know poverty from experience and give of their little; but please don't forget how nobly the ric-h give, who have not the experi- ence, but feel the sympathy. To put the matter to you clearly ;-I wonder how many of you, who have written about the neglect of the rich in your verses, have given anything out of your own pockets to help your poorer neighbours ? It is possible for all of us, though we are not rich, to give timely aid to those about us. And so ends my Christmas Sermon, little people. In (Ai.) Blank Rhymes I don't find much to praise. Chestnut has the First Class to herself: the Second includes Innes; Octopus; Organ- blower; Penmorva; Smoke; M. Stevens; and May, Connie, and Eddie. The Third contains Luise; Kittums; Periwinkle; Gemini; Alice Stronach ; Madge ; Chim ; Tappy's Chick; Ella and Missy ; and Eddie Sullivan. The commended are, Tweedledum ; Fenella ; Mabel E. Walmisley; The March Hare; Nelly Lewis; Algeria Dunlop ; Edith E.; Nettie; Dolly Morten; Luigia; Cat, Pug, and Fudge; and Tommy Bogey. Though I cannot include H. C. Johnstone, I can recommend him to " try again," and in the meantime (and this advice applies to all my
little friends) to read the good English poets, and so learn what the" swing " of verse is. I am sorry to have to grumble, but really since the beginning of Puzzledom I never knew such a general disregard of rules as has prevailed this month-I suppose because the holidays were coming. I think about eight out of every ten of my correspondents neg- lected the rules laid down only a short time ago. They wrote on both sides of the paper; they either did not sign their names at all, or only signed them on one page instead of every page; they did not send (L.) and (AM) each on a separate sheet; they did not follow the alphabetical order of the puzzles, but inserted (G.) after (AM.), and (D.) after (K); and, in short, gave me such a lot of trouble that I have been obliged to make examples of some of them, to show that I can be stern and severe if I am driven to it. For instance, among a host of others, Deborah Dottie is disqualified for mixing up her answers with her letter, and omitting to distinguish them by their initials (A.) (B.) etc. Arthur B. Dalby is also excluded for writing on both sides of the paper, and so crowding his answers that without actually copying out (L.) and (AL) I could not have entered him for the competition; and I may say the same of Sitz Dalby. Olive Douglas is out, because she does not give both the steps of the puzzle, and the solution to which they lead ; and Balbus loses his chance this month for arranging his answers as carefully as if he had put them into a hat and shaken them up. There are others who suffer, and next month I shall be even more strict! In spite of my warning last month, about a hundred or more young people's letters arrived too late this time. Why will they put off writing until the very last moment ? Their answers should be posted by the i3th or the 14th at the latest, or they are almost sure to be shut out, for I really cannot extend the time beyond the 15th. I have to thank innumerable little friends for seasonable wishes and pretty Christmas and New Year Cards. One of the prettiest is that illuminated by Irish Stew, to whose little sister by the way, I beg to say I am very grateful for the kiss she proposed to send me. I don't know how her mamma knows that I was a little boy of such bad taste, but I have grown out of that now, and am very fond of kissing little girls-not older than fifteen. The first quotation Irish Stew requires is from Wordsworth's " Lines on Peele Castle;" the second I fancy is from the Poet Laureate. I am glad to welcome a new pilgrim in Edgeler Blake, whose thumb will I hope be all right next month, so that
he won't need a secretary. To Beatrice Nightingale I must admit having a doll, so I can feel for her admiration for the lovely " Gwendoline." My doll is Toinette; she is dressed like a French fisherwoman, and has a basket on her back in which I keep stamps. I am thinking of looking about for afisherman- doll as a husband for her, when I go to Dieppe for Christmas. I really forget what Ecila's letter was about; if it is among the ones I have to answer she will hear from me before this appears; if not, let her repeat her question. Madge may send her birthday book to my private address given last month. "The Cousins " being American cousins are, I am afraid, too far off to compete. Lily of the Valley asks me two puzzles which I happen to know, but I can assure her I have enough to do to invent puzzles without trying to guess them. I think, when she has read a little more poetry she will find that " winter's snows " is no very uncommon expression. Dorothy Dumps has sent me a clever sepia sketch; she should not fail to cultivate her talent for drawing. Edith E. encloses a collection of leaves from Tavistock which shows Devonshire can almost match America in the beauty of its autumn tints. I can't oblige Lelia with Italian puzzles, because even if the other little Pilgrims could under- stand them, I don't know Italian enough to construct them. Effie has copied and coloured the initial of last month's number for me, for which I am much obliged ;-it goes with my other Puzzledom treasures. I must also thank Sunshine and Christina McDiarmid for two pretty little presents. In answer to W. A. P. I may say that though I cannot exactly limit the original verse, I should prefer it to be not more than four stanzas. The picture is intended for a portrait, but is not very successful, I am told. Teacup and Teaspoon were too late last
month. Let them send me their address. I cannot tell Lilias where to get a Rose of Sharon, or Rose of Jericho, as it is called some. times; but itjis possible that she might get one of Messrs. Carter & Co. of High Holborn, for I fancy I once saw it in their catalogue. Buskin Burn and Moyola will please accept my thanks for their thought of me. I don't know what to advise Clara Cecilia to do for her white mouse, which seems to have something like mange. I wonder what she feeds it on-not boiled milk and bread, I hope; bread and milk for pets should be made with bread soaked in hot water, squeezed dry, and then put into cold milk. She must not try tobacco-water. Rosebud must not be surprised at her canary's not singing during the winter. A rusty nail in its water-glass will be a good tonic, and it should be hung where there is light but not draught, and if possible where there is no gas. Many birds are killed by-being hung too high in gas-lit rooms. Frisky's magpie would have talked quite as well if his tongue had not been cut, poor fellow. To teach him to talk I think she should say the words she wants him to learn over and over again to him when his cage is covered up at night. That is how I teach my parrot new phrases. I once had a magpie, who talked splendidly. but he was shut up in his cage by the servants while I was away at the seaside, and he got so tired of it that he strangled himself by putting his head through the bars. In answer to Frisky's kind offer of pincushions for my little children, I must tell her that I have been a lonely man for nearly a year, and the only "little child " I possess | nearly as big as I am, and is at this moment cruising in the Indian Ocean. So now, good-bye, little people! Once more a Happy New Year to you-and do, please, try and attend to the rules in future. 1 !