PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
THIS time-and in future-my dear little friends, I will put the answers to the puzzles, and the names of those who have guessed them correctly, at the end of the Puzzledom paper, as a more convenient place. We will bid good-bye to our hosts at the little cottage, and set out again on our travels. What is this ? The gates are locked ! How are we to get out of the gardens ? Some one must run back to the cottage and explain the position we are in. There is a little delay, but at last we are released. This is the history of our adventure. CHARADE. We sought again the pleasant cot, And there revealed the worst, That we pooi- travellers could not Get out at all, unless we got What I shall call my First.
That her good man was not thereat, The wife was sorely vext; But by the fire awhile we sat, And pussy, dozing on the mat, Indulged us with my Next. We had not very long to wait; The good man, worthy soul, Returned, and then with pleasure great Unlocked for us the wicket-gate : For which we thanked my Whole. As we are leaving the Zoological Gardens. we observe a nest in the grass. Some of the chicks have just chipped the shell, and you will see from the picture how surprised the mother-bird is as the result of her long atten- tion to the contents of the cosy little nursery she had built in her quiet corner. I wonder whether you can find out what the illustration means? I think we have had enough of the gardens
for a short time, so we will visit some of the more educational institutions. But before --,- we do that I think we will go and see an old gentleman, who is very fond of little people. He is the Great Panjandrum, of whom I have no doubt you have all heard in con- nection with a cabbage leaf that was cut to make an apple pie, and a bear, who put his head into a barber's shop, and made a rather rude remark about the scarcity of soap. Well, since the days when the Great Panjan- drum danced till the gunpowder ran out of the heels of his boots and of those of the rest of the distinguished foreigners present, he has got to be a very old gentleman, but he likes to see little people, and I have no doubt he will tell you a story or two for your amusement. Fortunately he is at home. We must thank him for admitting us. We tell him that we are proud, indeed, to be allowed to visit a chief of his importance. He smiles very kindly and says he is glad to see us, but that he is not an important chief. " No ! " he says to us, " I am a very humble
personage. If you look on my mantelpiece you will see a photograph-by our friend Phancy-of one who really was a very great chief indeed !" You will see what the pho- tograph is from the copy I have had taken. Here it is; and I want you to tell me whose portrait it is.
The Great Panjandrum has no objection to tell you little folks some stories, but he is afraid that you will know all that he has to tell. But I tell him that it is my opinion that little folks do not forget old friends, and are fond of hearing old stories over and over again, but that those who tell them must be very careful to repeat them without any alte- rations, or they will be certain to be found out. The old gentleman settles himself in his easy chair and begins his story. CHARADE. The sea ran high, the wind was strong, The breakers roared upon the lee; The hapless vessel drove along, A plaything for the cruel sea:- And now she on the rocks is thrown ! One bitter cry-and all is o'er. While of my First one man alone Contrived to reach the rugged shore. He dwelt upon that isle for years, That solitary shipwrecked man; No friend his lonely dwelling cheers, While slow the days complete their span. In wild-goat skins his limbs he clad, A figure very strange to view, What trouble dire he must have had Ere he my Second learnt to do ! But there's no need my tale to end ! I see you know it; for you smile. You recognise an ancient friend, You've loved for a tremendous while ! There-run along ! Another day A newer story I may frame, Yet tell me, ere you go away, That solitary seaman's name ! Somebody wishes the Great Panjandrum to state whether the seaman had another name besides the one he has alluded to. Oh, yes, of course he had; the Great Pan- jandrum answers his query in this manner:- CHARADE. My First is to "convey ;" My Second's where you stay; My Third's the light of day; And my Whole is-what d'you say? You will see on the Great Panjandrum's walls a few curious pictures. They are illustrated proverbs. I suppose you all know what proverbs are,-" Waste not, want not," " More haste, less speed," "A cat may look at a king," and bits of wisdom of that kind. Here is one of the pictures, which the
Great Panjandrum has hung up in the hall in order to warn people, who are going away to catch a train or a boat, that they must be punctual if they do not want to be left behind. Do you know why a man who once misses his train is like somebody who has had the measles ? There is another illustrated pro- verb in the Great Panjandrum's summer- house. The summer-house is a most com- sortable and delightful spot. There the Great Panjandrum sits of an evening with his pipe and dismisses all the troubles of life, and thinks of nothing that is not pleasant and
tam pswribv cheerful. Here is the picture that hangs in the summer-house. The proverb exhorts people not to fret. But we must now bid good-bye to the Great Panjandrum and proceed on our journey to the Educational Institutions. Our path lies beside the river, which winds along between its green banks very beautifully. It is such a pretty walk, it almost makes one want to sing, like the birds that are warb- ling in the willows. SONG. Eight stout men came up to town From a city of renown : On the Thames to hold a race, And to strive for foremost place. But a second gallant boat Is, I see, as well afloat; Dark and light blue both contend, And will struggle to the end. In that song, I think, you will discover two rivers if you search for them. But look! What a flash of jewelry that was that flew by us! Was it a bird? It was like a gleam of emerald and turquoise. See, it goes glimmer- ing away over the surface of the stream which reflects its gem-like beauty. I did not see what it was very clearly, but I think I can
make what I may call a guess-sketch of it, and see if you are able to tell me its name. Ah, here we are at one of the Educational Institutions. This is the School of Verse, where they teach young people to chop up prose into properly measured lines and tie them together into little bundles, which are called stanzas. Of course, this verse-writing is no more like poetry than playing at horses with tape-reins is like driving a four-in-hand down Piccadilly. But we will go and see what is going on, because I think it will amuse you to hear the lessons and try to work out some of the exercises. I suppose you most of you have learnt to read, if not to repeat, one or two poems, so that you know what verse means,-a set of lines, in each of which there is the same number of syllables, every alternate syllable having a stress on it like this,-" silly," which has the stress or what is called the accent on " sill," or " delight," which has the stress on "light." Now, if you make a line up of words like " delight," the stresses will come like this,- di dur, di dIum, di dum, and so on, for you may have five or six or more "di dumns." " Silly " will make lines of "'darm di, dium di, alum di," and so on. In addition to this, verses end in rhymes, that is, one of two lines ends with a sound exactly like the end of the other, except in the first letter-for instance, "sound," "bound," " drowned," are rhymes. Now let us go into the first-class room. We find them doing " Blind Rhymes." You will see that if instead of saying,- Lily and I Finished the pie, which is a very correct and proper rhyme, you were to say, Lily and I Finished the tart, the second line would end in a blind rhyme. The Professor is writing a set of blind rhymes on the blackboard for his pupils to
correct. WVe will copy them down and see if we can make out the way to put words in the second of each pair of lines that will restore the rhymes. BLIND RHYMES. As I was travelling on the Nile, I saw a monstrous /up2popotamus. I saw it-to be more exact- Not far from the first pyramid. The day was clear, the wind was calm, And scarcely stirred the distant sycamor . " A pleasant journey we shall make," Said I unto the Arab dragoman. The old man shook his head and scanned The vast expanse of torrid rocks, And then upraised his eagle eye To search the region of the heavens. "Stranger, I cannot tell," he said, " The sun's light shows a lurid yellow, And all too soon may come the gloom, That ushers in the dread hurricane." In fear I left that strange old man, And soon rejoined the travdlling part}y. In order to help you a little bit, as this is the first time you have tried blind rhymes, 1 have put the words which you have to alter into italics ; for instance, /hippopotamus. I don't think you will have very much difficulty in this class room. A more trying task awaits you in the next. It is called Blank Rhyme. You must not confound it with Blank Verse, which is just the reverse of this. Blank Verse means lines of " dunm di " or " di dum," but without any similarity of sound at the end of the lines. In Blank Rhyme, you get the rhymes only and have to fill in the rest of the line. To show you what I mean, I will take down the blank rhymes from the Professor's blackboard. sea, free, wind, behind. You must understand that if you like you can change the places of the second and third words in the list, thus :- sea, wind, free, behind. Now I will show you what can be made of both lists, beginning with the first:- We are afloat upon the sea; The sail is set, the breeze blows free; And we upon our wings of wind Fly far, and leave the land behind.
Of the second list I make a fresh set of lines : The bounding billows of the sea Are white before the wind; Yet still we think, from danger free, Of loved ones left behind. You observe that the Professor has just set a new lesson to his pupils. He places the title at the top, writes three sets of four rhymes, so that they may make three stanzas, and gives them leave (as I said before) to change in each set the places of the second and third words. I wonder which of my young friends will send me the best answer to Blank Rhymes-because if it is good enough I shall certainly print it. A GARDEN. Rose, Shows, Green, Seen. Pink, Wink, Leaves, Weaves. Fern, Turn, Fair, Rare. I think by this time your excursion in Puzzledom has supplied you with quite enough to do for the next fortnight, so we will take leave of the Professor and make our way home. We walk back beside the river once more, and enjoy the beautiful scenery. Large white water-lilies are reposing on the breast of the stream, and the big bulrushes nod by the brink as the great blue and green dragon- flies poise for a moment on the brown spikes. See-there is a pretty white flower a little way off the bank. It has a very funny name
which you must try and find out from this sketch of it given in the Puzzledom " Guide to Botany." So now, rest awhile, little folks, and work at the puzzles I have set you, and be ready to continue our travels next month. I have to proceed now to give you the answers to the puzzles of last month, and present a list of those who have been successful in their guesses. SOLUTIONS. A.-Eel-and = Eland. B.-Row-dear = roe-deer. C.-Rain-dear = reindeer. D.-Because they are dear. E.-Cat, Dog :-Camelopard; Armadillo; Pig. F.-Pup, pet = puppet. G.-Sew, lace = solace. H.-Cricket. I.-Harebell, Dandelion, Ragged Robin, Dog-rose, and Tiger-lily. CORRECT ANSWERS. A:--Pug; Maggie Mary Borland; Amy and Maggie; H. Hargrave; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Eddie, Francie, and Charlie; Edith Sheward ; Eunoporos ; Willy ; Nora Creina; Kittums; Froggie ; T. C. Hughes; Ethel H. Whall; Helen Robinson ; Agnes Robin- son; Edith Harris ; A. E. Steinthal ; Bacchi; Young Tom ; Jeanie ; Mary Jane Bremner; W. Satchell; Three K's; Toby; Agnes Wylie ; Mary E. and Willie Arber; Unna and Ypit; Rose Hayes; A. Wilson; Eddie Sullivan ; Maurie; Spadger ; W. A. P. ; C. P. C. Jackson ; P. Newton ; Lenore ; G. New- ton. B :-Eddie Sullivan; W. A. P.; Mary Jane Bremner ; Toby ; Kittums ; Unna and Ypit; A. Wilson ; Edith Sheward; Nora Creina ; Edith Harris; Neddums and Bee; A. E. Steinthal; Bacchi; Young Tom; J. B. Ross; Pug. C :-Lenore; C. P. C. Jackson; Eddie Sulli- van; James and Jane Williamson ; Melloney; Isabel and Emily Ashwin; W. A. P.; Vic- toria; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe; Mary Jane Bremner ; W. Satchell; Toby; Unna and Ypit; A. Wilson; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Willy ; W. H. Fowler; Edith Sheward; The Graces; Ethel and Maude; Fritz F.; Helen Robinson; Agnes Robinson; Nora Creina; Kittums ; T. C. Hughes; Neddums and Bee; Edith Harris ; A. E. Steinthal; W. D. Pollock; Bacchi; Young Tom; Mousie; J. B. Ross; Pug; Mabel E. Wal- misley. D.-Ethel and Matide; Ethel H. Whall; Helen Robinson; Agnes Robinson; Nora
Creina; Fritz F. ; Kittums; Neddums and Bee; T. C. Hughes; Edith Harris; A. E. Steinthal; Bacchi; Young Tom; Mousie ; J. B. Ross; Pug; Two Brothers; Mabel E. Walmisley; W. G. McM.; Unna and Ypit; Badenscoth; A. Wilson; W. H. Fowler; Noah and his Family; Edith Sheward; Willy; W. A. P.; James and Jane William- son; Eddie Sullivan; C. P. C. Jackson; Lenore; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe: Victoria; Mary Jane Bremner; Ethel; W. Satchell; Toby ; Gyp. E.-C. P. C. Jackson ; Toby; Lenore ; Melloney; K. L. Broke; Edith Sheward; Willy; W. A. P.; Young Tom ; Tweedledum ; W. D. Pollock; A. E. Steinthal; Edith Harris ; Mabel E. Walmisley; Butterfly; Katie Gertrude South; C. S. Mawby; A. Z. W. ; Ethel and Maude; Ethel H. Whall. F.-T. C. Hughes; Neddums and Bee; Kittums ; Edith H. Whall ; E. T. Williams Patricia; E. V. Miller; C. S. Mawby; Katie and Gertrude South ; \V. Sutherland; Edith Sheward; Scamp; Noah and his Family ; Young Tom ; ''weedledum ; W. 1). Pollock; Bacchi; A. E. Steinthal; Mabel E. Walmisley ; Pug ; Dollikins; A. Wilson: K. L. Broke; A. Trimble; Mary Galwey; Unna and Ypit; W. A. P. : Thal; Willy; Dora; Lenore ; D. H. Brown ; W. Satchell; Isabel and Emily Ashwin ; James and Jane Williamson ; Eddie Sullivan : Zita; Toby; Constance Gant; W. H. Fowler; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Amy and Maggie; Melloney. G :-Isabel and Emily Ashwin : Spadger ; Emily M. Shellabear; W. and D. Sharer Melloney; James and Jane Williamson; Zita: Eddie Sullivan: Constance (;ant; H. Har- grave; W. H. Fowler; Marion Maud; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Amy and Maggie: A. Trimble; C. H. McDiarmid; Toby; M. and C. Gleig ; W. Satchell ; Mary Jane Bremner ; Victoria ; Lena Victe ; Amy Cartwright; D. H. Brown; Nellie and Edith Stevens; Lenore ; C .P. C. Jackson; J. B. Ross ; Dollikins ; A. Wilson ; K. L. Broke The Graces : Eunoporos; DIora; Jessie M.: Willy; May, Ella, and Alice; R. Mitchell; VW. A. P.; Unna and Ypit; Effie and Ally; Mary Galwey; Emily Growse; Rose Hayes; T. C. Hughes; Froggie; Patricia; Neddums and Bee; Nora Creina; Agnes Robinson: Helen Robinson; Ethel H. Whall; E. V. Miller; Henrietta; Ethel and Maude; C. S. Mawby; Katie and Gertrude South; W. Sutherland; Norman May; Edith Sheward : Scamp; E. H. L.; Noah and his Family; Mousie; Young Tom; Tweedledum; V. ). Pollock; Bacchi; Edith Harris; A. i. Steinthal; A. Z. W.; Mabel E. Walmisley ; Two Brothers ; Pug.
H :-E. H. Blake; Pug; Two Brothers; A. Z. W.; A. M. T. L.; Mabel E. Walmisley; Tweedledum; W. D. Pollock; Bacchi; Edith Harris; A. E. Steinthal; Kate Wilbey; G. A. Fenner; Maggie Mary Borland; W. G. McM.; Gipsy and Sunshine; K. L. Broke; Theodora; Mary Maud Paget; The Graces; Y. and Z.; Eunoporos; W. J. Shipwright; Dora; Jessie M.; Alice and Ethel H.; Willy; May; Ella and Alice ; R. Mitchell; Thal; E. and F. Huntsman; W. A. P.; Unna and Ypit; J. D. McClure; Rose Hayes; F. H. Mead; Badenscoth; Froggie; Mary Galwey; Emily Growse ; A. C. B; T. C. Hughes; Kittums; Annie E. Suter; Neddums and Bee; Fritz F.; Nora Creina; Primrose; Ethel H. Whall; Patricia ; E. V. Miller; C. S. Mawby; Katie and Gertrude South; Butterfly; W. Suther- land; G. Newton; Norman May; R. S. Genge; Edith Sheward; Helen Walters; Scamp; E. A. L.; Mousie; Young Tom; Eddie Sullivan; James and Jane Williamson; Maurie; Melloney; W. and D. Sharer; Emma M. Shellabear; Spadger; Isabel and Emily Ashwin; C. H. Macdiarmid; Amy and Maggie; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Eddie, Francie and Charlie; Marion Maud; W. H. Fowler; H. C. Howard; Eleanor and M. Vaughan ; H. Hargrave; Constance Gant; F. C. Hall; W. Bate; C. Favez ; Victoria ; Annie Taylor; Jeamie; Mary Jane Bremner; Ethel; W. Satchell ; Annie Braham; Mary and Charles Gleig; Three K's; Toby; Gyp;
Agnes Wylie; Mary and Willie Arber; A. Trimble; C. P. C. Jackson; Lenore; D. H. Brown; Nellie and Edith Stevens; Lena Victe; Amy Cartwright; J. B. Ross; Dollikins; A. Wilson; Buffalo; Louie Barber. I :-A. Z. W.; Lenore; G. P. C. Jackson; A. Trimble; Mary and Willie Arber; Mary Maud Paget; A. E. Steinthal ; Edith Harris ; Tweedledum ; Mary and Charles Gleig; Melloney; Mary Jane Bremner; H. C. Howard; Scamp; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Amy and Maggie; G. Newton; Emma M. Shellabear; James and Jane Williamson; Henrietta; Eddie Sullivan; Katie and Ger- trude South; E. T. Williams; Ethel H. Whall; Nora Creina; Kittums; Neddums and Bee; Froggie; A. C. B. ; Rose Hayes; Effie and Ally; Unna and Ypit; Ella and Alice; Alice and Ethel H. ; The Graces; Poppy. I cannot say good-bye without thanking many of my little friends for very kind letters. I can assure them I enjoy my share of Puzzledom as much as they do theirs; for I have " nobody to play with," and their letters and answers are a great treat to me. With regard to two little ladies who are going to a school in Germany, I can only say I will give them to the latest moment I can for their answers ; and I hope they will like their new country.