PUZZLES.
Charades. I. My second's a card, my first solemn chagrin; But if one takes physic my whole is oft seen. 2. My first is a colour, my second a tree, My whole on the prairies oft you'll see. 3. My first, thinking now that Home Rule is right, Doth indulge in my second with all his might; Thinking that, like my whole, for his country he'll fight. Cryptografh. 4. Li kul fug kipa zilrakmr rful e ic ypaurf, Yor tfalza fuqr rfio rfa pedfr ri desa ka baurf ? E uk uq hpaa uq luropa hepqr kuba kul, Apa rfa yuqa jutq ic qapseroba yadul, Tfal tejb el tiibq Ffa liyja quenda pul. Enigma. 5. At sea, on land, in road, by rail, In wine, in rum, aye ! and in ale; On self, on friend, in beast, in fish, You'll find my answer if you wish; But why should I repeat a score (As I could twenty thousand more !) Of articles wherein I'm seen? In almost all things, high or mean, I'm surely certain to be found, Be they in sky or on the ground. When you your pen take up to write, If you're not stupid, see this you might. Decapitation. 6. My whole is winged; decapitate once and I am to begrime; a second time and I am to let; decapitate, change head, and transpose, and I am to wail; behead again, I am a dreary creature; transpose again, I am shabby; curtail me, and I am the same again, though different. Addendum. 7. Two of the same kind join and see, That there a smaller first will be.
Charade. 8. A second very poor must be, Who owneth not my first; My whole a trade is, and, if bad, I'm sure is not the worst. Logogrizhs. 9. Complete, I'm a bishop of high degree; Beheaded, I mean to recount you'll see; Beheaded again, I mean to exalt; Again, if you're this you've a serious fault; Again, you have eaten, by this you will mean; Transpose, if you this, you cannot be lean; Again, this a drink, and if you're inclined, Pray take just one cup of this left behind. I0. Complete, on moor I'm often seen; Beheaded, I'm to rove I ween; Again, a motion of the feet; Transpose, and now a maiden sweet; Procure her leave, and her behead, You'll find a youth is left instead; Transpose, and now you'll able be; Again,, and here a pack you'll see; Behead, and now discern a drink; Again, an article I think, In Monsieur's land, in Monsieur's time; Again, the end of this my rhyme, And of its little all bereft, Behold ! there will be nothing left ! Anagram. II. The anagram here in these words you see, " Is qui yenit in sese," They're Latin words you know no doubt, 'Twould better be to find them out; A quality I hope you don't possess. And now, pray try this anagram to guess. Double Acrostic. 12. (Two English Poets.) A battle field ; a walk ; Norse legends ; a Dutch state; a gum; an island; a channel. 13. I am a light; curtail, and I am an orna- ment of ancient British chiefs; curtail, and I am a hill; transpose, I am to decay; behead and transpose, I am a preposition.
'4. My first is a vowel ; my second an animal; my third also an animal. My whole is a short poem. Buried Gods and Goddesses. 15. The east horizon is quite red. 16. A rest is useful in music. 17. Twice rested each person going up the hill. 18. Then he ran down the slope. Central Acrostic. 19. The centrals read upwards or downwards will frame A female's well-known palindromical name; Read backwards or forwards the words are the same. i. An oft triumphant exclamation. 2. Papa's familiar appellation. 3. An Indian coin in circulation. 4. Place ditto in this situation. 5. A baby's soft and milky ration. 6. Though first this takes the final station. Charade. 20. Bright Sol-alike for peer or clown- Shone brightly upon Somer's Town; And in my first to last swung whole Clothes out from every line and pole.
Quotation Acrostic. 21. "The tear down childhood's cheek that flows, Is like the dewdrop on the rose." The initials of the names of the poems from which the following lines are taken will give the author of the above. " My friends ne'er hoped to see me more, And wept for me as for the dead." " The little children flocking came, And chased his frozen hands in theirs." " Sweet bird ! thy bower is ever green, Thy sky is ever clear." " Before my breath, like blazing flax, Man and his marvels pass away." " As blithe a man as you could see On a spring holiday." Word Squares. 22. Desire; above ; writes; once. 23. Gone by; a plant; sighs; trial. Double Acrostic. 24. To surpass; the main; wicked; hateful; an animal; a negative; a bird. My initials and finals give two English towns.
ANSWERS TO PUZZLES. On pages 391-392.
I. Bellow, Below, Blow, Bow. 2. Bacon, Abana, Cadet, Onega, Natal. 3. Caucas, Aslant, Ultimo, Caiman, Unmade, Stones. 4. Canaan, Alanna, Naiads, Ananas, Andaja, Nassau. 5. Kismet, Intone, Stolen, Molars, Ennerve, Tenses. 6. Hiatus, Intone, Atomic, Tomaso, Unison, Second. 7. Gold ! Gold ! Gold)! Gold ! Bright and yellow, hard and cold, Molten, graven, hammer'd and roll'd; Heavy to get, and light to hold; Hoarded, barter'd, bought, and sold. 8. Is-ah !-gone = Isagon. 9. Conversazione. io. Meliphagous. I r. Clepsydrya. 12. Archdeaconry. 13. Pedestrianism.
'4. Cowards die many times before their deaths. 15. Ear-nest. 16. In-sat-I--ate. I7. Brough-Clarke. i 8. Trollope-Kingsley. 19. Still waters run deep. 20. 'Tis merry, 'tis merry in Fairyland, When fairy birds are singing; When the court doth ride by their mo- narch's side, With bit and bridle ringing. 21. Never too late to mend. 22. Charles-Tearing. 23. Market. 24. Platinum. 25. Split, Prame, Lagan, Image, Tenet. 26. Wrist, Raver, Ivica, Sects, Trash. 27. Etna, Toil, Nile, Alec. 28. Hand, Area, Near, Dart.