PUZZLE PAGES.
52.-PUZZLE. SCIIOLAR profound, whose learning, wit, And wisdom overturned the world, Who laid the egg another hatched, And upon priests confusion hurled, O bright and never-setting star, Tell us what countryman you are? Brave spirit, who in darkest days Rose up to fight for freedom's sake, Who broke a hateful despot's yoke, And made his throne's foundation shake, Ascending thy triumphal car, Tell us what countryman you are?
Bold sea-dog, who dared brave our wrath, And all our naval force defy, Who at the last, when fortune changed, Could bravely at thy duty die! Old foe ! old friend! thou gallant tar ! Tell us what countryman you are? Quaint limner, skilled in all the tricks Of art that our fancy raises, But chiefly known to all of us By painting royal and noble faces, Thy fame,-ath-,spread both wide and far, Tell us,.what.countryman you are? And the same:answer we expect From each and all, with name and station Given imfull, withcdte ,of birth And death, for oet approbation. Youone and all unknown to few are, I vow, ocr else I am what you are! This is the puzzle we propose To ~,u '-to "boys; the pictu-reshlreth A humorous-type of those to wwhom The meaning of 'the puzzle goeth. Answer for-ea-hate w'om weve spoken. Who are they, see-tihe print's the token. 53.-CHARADE. Sir Launcelot rode forth to fight, As brave 'a first as ever rode, His armour heavy, his spirits light, A grey .and gallant mare he strode; But ere he on his way set out, He sought a monk his arms to bless. From 'neath my .next the friar looked out, And bade him all his sins confess; Then went he forth, and fought, and won, For love of England filled his soul; When home he came, his combats lone, He was an honour to my whole.
54.--CHARADE. My first was strong and fortified, And f11l0 Inas4m e5 The': leaguing; ar~my it: deied For -many 'weeks, :ad'ihen. Given was .hie word my ht Ito .storm, And to reduce my o w~e.. And.young and gallant.:iom de L'Ormo Was :glad that day, in.soeul He knew that; aiar'- and r away, A maiden. in the % is Would, hear anon of the desperate fray, And courage filled his breast. But ere he led his men that morn, My second first he kissed-- A love-gage from his maid forlorn- And his eyes were filled with mist. Then onward his brave men he led To gain the battered first, And nobly, gallantly they bled- The foe had done their worst; But all in vain, for ere the night Had closed upon the field, The whole was won, theirs was the fight, The first was forced to yield. 55.-CHARADE. I was waiting for my first With a patience most untiring. "Is my whole not very late ?" I kept now and then inquiring. Sure a lazy second is he- Oh, my whole, be quick, I pray For I want to hear from Lizzie- Here he comes across the way! 56.-WORD SQUARE. 1. Twisted hemp. 2. Mineral produce. 3. A stealthy look. 4. To see unexpectedly.
57.-PUZZLE FOR THE YOUNGSTERS. COME ! WHAT WAS rIT ? My little pussy cat, a black and white is she, The best of all the purring tribe, and very fond of me. The other night my little puss by me was plainly seen Employing a spare moment with the Boy's OWN MAGAZINE; She saw a sight within the book amongst the puzzles light Which tickled so her fancy that it made her laugh outright. 0 Whittington I 0 Carabas! 0 Fairy Pussy White ! I never, did you ever, see or hear of such a sight? Puss licked her jaws, she scraped her claws, she whisked her inky tail, And uttered a me-ow-ow that was very like a wail ! And when she went to sleep at last I still could plainly see She was not her own self at all, though lying on my knee: She started, shivered, now and then gave sundry little snorts; She was dreaming-O that she would take a penny for her thoughts What was it made my pussy so unquiet? I'll engage You'll guess it when you've looked upon the picture in this page.