ORIGINAL AND SELECTED.
I. CHARADE. The tented Arab, wild and free, Scorns the restraints, my .First of thee ; The savage red-man loathes thee, too, And all the wandering Gipsy crew, Who dearly love, by tree and spring, Their tales to tell, their songs to sing. My Next--a savory root, is found Where rich spontaneous growths abound, Even in our forest land 'tis seen With spreading leaf of shining green; And once in ages past we know, When Israel fled from Pharaoh- The murmuring tribes, while wandering o'er The dreary waste, its loss deplore. My Whole, 'tis said, will cling to life, Though severed by the keenest knife, Though mangled by the spade or hoe Its scattered fragments root and grow. E. H. N. II. SCRIPTURAL ENIGMA. Four heads have I, but body none, And without any legs I run, 'Midst bliss supreme my lot was cast, And joys that could not be surpassed. Yet these delights did I forsake, And far away my course I take; Yet, while I wander far or nigh, Still ever in my bed I lie. III. BLANKS. I. I went to that--and caught a large . 2. lHe--among the rocks seeking for the 3. Hie- by- vote. 4. As I was looking at my- I was surprised by a--of robbers.
IV. A CHARADE. My first is a profession; my second is a pro- noun; my third is to strangle. My whole is a vegetable. V. A PROLIFIC WORD. Entire I am found in the depths of the sea. Behead me and I am a title. Curtail me and I am a fruit. Curtail again and I become a vegetable. Behead and curtail me and I am part of the body. Behead and curtail still again and without me adamant cotild not exist. From my letters can be made words meaning to knock, to spring, true, a grassy bank, a defense, to gather, and to peel. VI. GEOGRAPHICAL QUESTIONS. I. What mountain is a head-covering ? 2. What mountain is a piece of furniture ? 3. What mountains are astronomical ? 4. What river is round at both ends and high in the middle? VII. DECAPITATIONS. I. Behead a man's name and leave another. 2. Behead a man's name and leave a mother. 3. Behead a man's name and leave a line of men. 4. Behead a man's name and leave a mark. 5. Behead a man's name and leave a tumor. 6. Behead a man's name and leave a kind of waggon. 7. Behead a man's name and leave part of the body. 8. Behead a man's name and leave a vessel.