I.
`\ I I' I 1 IIII !I) 1, \ MI, \1'\I llli ý
Initials and Finais give the names of two poets. II.-GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. 1. L. on the lM., in the county of L., is the second port in E. 2. S. on the I., a tributary of the R., in the province of A., was besieged by the Germans in the F.-P. War. 3. B. on the S., a tributary of the S., is the capital of B. and famous for lace. 4. N., on the Bay of N., near Mt. V., is the most populous town in I. 5. L. in P., at the mouth of the T., was destroyed by an earth- quake in 1755. E. 31. H. II1. 1. The Grecian sculptor, whose transcendent art Gave grace and matchless beauty to each part. 2. The fierce and rude barbaric king, who ravaged where he trod, And trembling nations, as they wept, owned him the " scourge of God." 3. The learned monk, the power of Rome who shook, And gave to Christendom "the opened Book." 4. The Athenian warrior who won deathless fame at Marathon. 6. That awful burning mount that pours destruction o'er Calabria's shores. G. The river which, when Ciesar past, he knew full well the die was cast. 7. The cardinal, who feigned to be so weak and imbecile, [feel. But, chosen Pope, his power and strength men soon began to 8. The Roman emperor who used, at close of eve, to say, If he'd performed no action kind, "My friends, I've lost a day." 9. Caesar's bosom friend, yet by him rejected, For he said that Cwsar's wife must not be suspected. 10. The brutal emperor, whose incensate ire Once doomed his city to destructive fire, And, while the flames were raging, stood and played, Madly rejoicing at the havoc made. Combine these initials, a name is revealed Of noted celebrity-one who would yield To no younger statesman, though, it must be confessed, His age sometimes whispered, " Be thankful and rest." M. E.B. 1V.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A town in Poland; A WYest India island; A state in Germany; A town in Palestine; One of the United States; A tribe of Israel. The initials an finals read downw.irds name two rivers in England. W. COOPER..
V.-SQUARE WORDS. 1. " The last best gift" to earth from heaven, 2. And ever this, 'tis freely given; 3. So free, you cannot thus convey 4. A boon which never this, men say. F. M. E. VI.-CHARADE. When my first wakes my next in the town of Belfast, Let my whole blow a vigorous and prompt counterblast. THOMSON SRARP.