PUZZLE PAGES.
1.-CHARADE. I. O LATHER and hot water, And she was a squire's daughter, And her maiden name was Fish, Pa middle-aged and hearty, She went often to a party At her own particular wish. At her own particular wish She went often to a party Yet was she never hearty, For her maiden name was Fish, And, 0 lather and hot water, And was she not the squire's daughter? But ere going to a party With the squire, who was hearty, Her hair, of course, had to be dressed,
And a man whose fortunes " riz" well, And that party's name was Frizwell, Was into the business pressed. And she liked him and she loved him, And she ducked him and she doved him, And with him went walking in the parks, And thus set the brain on fire And aroused. the awful ire, Of no end of military sparks. And when they meet at:Boodle's, Or sup at Noodle-Doodle's, Each man a secret, harbours Which 1 dare not now explain, Lest you should sharp attain. To a knowledge of my;first, .which is- II. But the barber did not love Miss Fish: He felt himself to 'be awfully bored, Misericorde I Misericorde i In fact he was heartily sick of the dish, And he made up his mind (if he'd any to make), A villainous shaky step to take. He went straight to the squire Of Muddlebrain Shire, And he says, and he says, says he, "Your grace and my lord may feel quite assured The trial was great, but I was not allured, Though your che-ild is in love with me." The squire's enraged, the squire is furious, White hot ! frantic ! comical! curious! He summons his daughter, he faces the pair. " You love him ?" " I do, and he loves me." " Oh no, miss, the love was on your side, you sec; In love matters really, sir, I had no share 1" "1 believe you, my boy," says the squire quite hearty, "6 You have only just frizzled her up for a party, And you are no party for her as you know."
Barber bows, rubs his hands, and says he's not in love, And poor little miss leaves the room with a shove From the squire in saying, "There, you'd better go." He soaps up the barber and gives him some money, Cash accepted with word arather, weeter than honey, Then off goes the barbbr, wibthhhts smirking face, Not feeling that he is, in:mmyysecond's case. And the barber he thokatpublic-house, And away with melnmohoib; He made it a first=ratekephder to pay, And led a life so jol, That travellers, tourists,. anglers, all, Pat up at the sign of tkhc Golden Ball, From daisy time to holiya He never seemed to feel that he had done a sin, He only seemed to know heo-was landlord of- my third. IV. MY WHOLE. He died. She died You may deride- Laugh in your hollow laughter, laugh; Quaff brandy, wine, or half-and-half-- The truth is on our side. Both died, and then their ghosts appeared, No more in love, no more endeared, But they went walking here and there. Miss Fish and Frizwell, what a pair, As in the picture you may see, Then give the answer unto me, For that reveals the whole! 2.--DECAPITATION. MY whole is seen in every room Unless, indeed, it's wrapped in gloom; Behead me, then there will be seen A girl not very old, I ween; Again behead; if you can't guess, You are what's left, I must confess.
3.-PUZZLE. A PUZZLEI a puzzle? No puzzle, I fear, The puzzle's unpuzzled in picture here. Pudding and pantomime, Tell me in pretty rhyme What should we have at this Christmas tia( What is the best for us, What's the sure test for us, What should reign over us Now ? Pass no critical stricture, But look at the picture. Tell me somehow- Say, can you read it, Now that you've seed it ' We all of us need it. I wait, with a bow.