f. у \ \ Li ! ' ^
40. ACROSTICAL CHARADE My primais а river in Indian clime, My finah a test v ill be seen ; Now put us together, anei thou iu quick time, Relating to lalour, I ween. 1 He this convoyed in every worel, And anger in my bosom stirred. 2. Thou fabled drink of gods, how sweet ! To quaff theo now wero quite a treat. 3. Au Indian town whose луаИз arouud, True British blood has dyed tho ground. 4. The sage astronomer doth own, That thou s'.tt'st on hia starry throne. 5. A pagan prophetess was I, And spoke from Jupiter on high. Yoi'Na Devon. 41. PUZZLE. Ono on the right of you, yon in the middle, Next on the left of you part of my riddle ; Two rivers bouud mo, both arc tho same, Now, if you please, I'm awaiting my name. W. Marsden. 42. SQUARE WORDS. 1, Belonging to lemons ; a town of Bœotia; part of legs; knaves; to bo fixed in ; taxes. 2. A Low ; a townoi' Campania ; makes even ; a plaiu ; iu Asia Minor; to entice; lumps. 3. A book of quarter-sheet size ; not pressed; a town of Troas ; α ropo (lat) ; a Sabiuo kiug ; a Russisn sea¬ port. AV. M. PICTORIAL REBUS. tì Ό *.·. !Î*rW^vJ* *£& ■ iš N 'Vi1 . • s^ ГГ, 13) ι / ï^è и ι ь ^r- •Χ s <> ■ «cr 43. ENIGMA. I'm ou the top of Horeb, But have never touched tho valley. I'm ofteu dropped from Heaveu, But never seeu to tarry. In the orchestra I'm heard, In the Herald I am there. I turn—upon my word, A melody into hair. B. G. Laws» 44. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. It is a marriage day, and I see a brilliantly-lighted saloon filled with many nobles and ladies. Presently six persons enter of fantastic appearance, for they are dressed as savages. Then I see one of the guests approach them with a lighted torch, to examine their dresses more closely. By some accident they catch alight, and a dreadful scene ensues ; four of the masques are burnt to death, a fifth escapes by plunging into а water-butt, and the principal actor in the masquerade is only saved by the presence of mind of a lady present. But his mind is overpowered by tho catastrophe, and ho falls into a fit of iusauity. W. M. Answers to the above will appear in No. 91.