81. DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
Tho clouds are gathering quickly, the captain heaves а sigh, This bird with lightning quickness from wave to wave docs fly. First put down what meaus to peel, my second signifies to deal. Third denotes edge or border, my fourth means method, order. For fifth, nu instrument espy ; my lost may be a short, sharp cry. 0. R. GOIIRINGF. PICTORIAL REBUS. 5 RE 85. DECAPITATION. What means to begin, if you behend, Somethiug that's nice you'll have mstr ad. S, ĽONcra. 86". ENIGMA. Without n:o musicians could not do at all, I am found in every judgment hall ; In every menagerie wherever you've been, In every refreshment house, nie you have seen ; I keep rogues out, and I keep rogues in, I am hard, I am soft, I am thick, I am thin ; Wo are looked through, although transparent we're not, You have seen mo many a time red hot, On lhe top of the monument I nm found, In shape I nm square, flat, angular, round ; For me there are candidates found every session, For I am an honourable and lucrative profession. I am found in the sea, and I'm made on the land, A good enreful housewife keeps me always at hand; If you just take a drive out of town a short way, Through me you must go, but of course you must pay. I'm an old-fashioned gateway, you'll find in the City, I might tell you more, but I'll finish my ditty. E. Hamer. PICTORIAL REBUS. IhJLeJÜİ WS*. 87. CHARADE. As I walk Л along, the other day, towaids my humble cot, I saw my ƒ ist so fresh and gay, how happy seemed her lot. My next was thrown around her head, to shield her from the blast, " It was so bitter cold," sho said to me, as I went past. Through whole the gentler sex must go, in journeying through this vale ; So answer, readers, try to show, for now I've told my tale. Iota. 88. LOGOGRIPH. A messengor transpose, and a fishing-rod sec ; Twist it round, and then it to gather will be. Beheaded, 'tis meagre ; transposed, a girl's uame; Which, quick turned about, discloses a lane. Omit and restore, replace and transpose. There's a field and strong drink, where tempest агозе. F. W. Gol d thorp. Answers to tho above will appear in No. 99.