PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
HE month of June has been so very much S like what I conjectured it would S be, that I am afraid to say any- thing a- bout July; because it might be as oblig- ingly un- pleasant as June, and go out of its way to carry out my predic- tions. And we do really want a fine July or we shall have no summer at all. June
has not had a rose it could boast of, for the mild winter encouraged the insects that nibble all the points off the buds, and the dry weather stunted the growth. When the rain did come at last all the green things jumped to perfection at once; and three rows of my peas, between the planting of each of which there had been a fortnight's difference, all began to cry out at once, " Please, pick us, and boil us ! " The Clerk of the Weather has evidently got tangled in his seasons this year. Tley want to be un- picked and run together again, and I have no doubt many of my little pilgrims, deft at using needle and thread, would be quite ready to help in the mending if called upon; or-if the worst comes to the worst-my young friend in the mercantile marine might possibly with a sailmaker's needle and a bit of twine and some knotting and splicing prevent the rags of winter from getting into summer, as they have been doing, for we have had frosts in June ! hWell! we will hope that July will turn out a little better. The zodiacal sign is the lion, as you will see in the initial, and we will hope he will roar us like any sucking dove.
The flower I have attached to the letter is the large wild convolvulus or bindweed, known in the country as "the Morning Glory," because it is so short-lived that it is faded by sunset. It is very beautiful as it climbs in the hedges, and so is its younger sister the small bindweed, which is pink and has a smell of almonds. They are very sen- sitive, these bindweeds, closing in dull weather, and with some other plants seem to me to have more life than mere vegetable existence. Their climbing has something curious in it, for they seem to put out, as it were, a hand towards branches they cannot see, and the coil of the creepers is all in one direction. It never turns the wrong way- which is a good deal more than we human beings can say always ! But I am going wandering with the wild convolvulus instead of attending to our puz- zles. Still at times it is almost impossible to resist a ramble after pleasant topics, so I hope I shall be forgiven. I will remind my pilgrims of a line of Pope's, that I will put in picture language, as a plea for pardon:-- (A.) .2.4. 0 IVE After that, we will get along with our puz- zles, and I shall give you a " square-of-every- word " to begin with, as that form seems to suit most of you, to judge from the number of correct solutions I get. It is not a very easy matter to be constantly inventing puz- zles, and it is even harder to give every
month such puzzles as will suit everybody. If they are too easy some of my elder pilgrims call me to task for "ridiculous nonsense ;" if they are too hard everybody scolds me for such a difficult set; and there are always some every month who wish I had given some other kinds than those I have given ; so that I feel often a deep sym- pathy with the old gentleman in Asop's fables, who failed to satisfy the public gene- rally by the various plans he adopted to accompany his son and his donkey to market. I shall be very glad of suggestions, and will try to please all in turns, but I have had two letters this month which are not quite pretty, as I daresay by this time their writers are aware. So I will say no more on that subject. We will now proceed to our next puzzle, which, as I said just now, is- A SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WORD PUZZLE. I. "The desert-king, Whose presence will Each living thing With terror fill. II. Of this word 'tis the mission To be a preposition, Giving you a notion Of onward, inward notion. III. This charm to blend The myriad roses of Cashmere you ask Their subtle essences to one small flask To freely lend. IV. The middy to his labour trained The sun by sextant viewed; And said that Phoebus had attained His greatest altitude. I am afraid we shall not get very much fruit this year owing to the blight and dry weather. The Jews in Egypt could not make bricks without straw, and our fruit- trees are equally hard-pressed to produce
fruit without rain. Watering them with ordinary water is of little use ; they want the chemicals, which those wonderful chemists, the clouds, combine with the rain, and which work such wonders in a few hours by turning a little green pimple into a ripe raspberry. I will present you with a fruit in our next puzzle, which is-
(C.) A PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 4 -5 .d " -- -
The dry weather has not only delayed our fruit, but it has damaged the hay harvest. The meadows are burnt up with drought, and the merry swish of the scythe is not as loud as usual this year. We don't want rain when we mow our meadows, but it is very welcome when the grass is growing. When we sharpen our scythes it can hardly be too fine. There is a good old proverb about this: (D.) PROVERB IN VERSE. Come let us make ourselves at home Here in the meadow where the hay is sweet. While we can rest what need to roam And tread the weary way with feverish feet ?
We'll shelter from the sun in leafy nook, Where sings the waterfall, and shines the brook. I will now give you another dish of fruit, from the Puzzledom gardens-not straw- berries and cream, or currant tart, or cherry pie, but something very nice all the same; but you shall see for yourselves what it is, as photographed by Mr. Phancy:-
(E.) PHANCY PHOTOGRAPH. v , , 1 N \\iiA r
Our next puzzle shall be a double acrostic, which I hope will foretell the sort of weather we may expect now! People say that English people always talk about the weather. Well, I am not astonished at it, for the subject is one full of variety. To- day it is sunny, yesterday it rained, and to- morrow it may snow. Snow? yes, certainly, for there has been a frost many a morning in June. In some parts of America, where earthquakes are common, they build their houses so as to fall with the least risk to their occupants; but it would be very diffi- cult in England to build houses suitable to the rapid changes of climate we undergo. There would have to be an ice-well next door to the fireplace, and all the windows would have to carry umbrellas in case of their being left open when the rain came on. (F.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The sun was glowing overhead, The flowers were drooping in the bed;
The gardener stopped- His brow he mopped- And it was truly this, he said i I. A ruler wise King Pharaoh chose (Your history examine), Whose foresight taught him to oppose The danger of a famine. II. A water-sprite, So fair and bright, Once loved a knight, But, ah, he was a faithless wight. IIl. They have no camels in Peru, Or dromedary; But there's a creature that will do Their loads to carry. IV. She spreads her white sails to the wind, She leaves the other craft behind; She rounds the buoy with speedy pace, The gun is fired-she wins the race. In the next place I am going to give you a couple of Picture Riddles.
(G.) PICTURE RIDDLES. I.
Why is this gentleman like one who pays us a visit unexpectedly just at meal-time ? 500
Why are these men like those who seek the friendship of strangers ? I shall now give you an Enigma to solve. (H.) ENIGMA. Filled to the bung with precious wine, Behold this wondrous word of mine. And yet no volunteer will dread To aim at it the cruel lead; And feels no harm can happen to it, Because, you see, a sheep can do it. You cannot yet the word construe- Then I must make it now of you, And hold you up as one in short Who is for laughter only sport, Should you compare it, upon bread You'll find that it is fit to spread. And yet-but I'll no further get, Because you see it's only-yet! After that we will have (I) A CHA\RADE. Beside the brook one summer day When Nature all was merry, I saw a gipsy maiden stray, As brown as any berry; She with the limpid waters quenched l;Lr thirst, And picked a simple salad of my First. The woodbine and the eglantine, The wood-ruff and the mallow, Delight to twine and intertwine Beside that streamlet shallow;
And kissed by sunlight and caressed by dews, My Second in the air around diffuse. The sun went down, the twilight fell, Outshone the stars unnumbered; Each-flow'ret closed its honeyed cell, And nature softly slumbered. While pale and cold across the heavens stole, In modest maiden majesty, my Whole. Now I want you to solve me these meta- morphosed substantives. They are by no means as hard as some of you thought the first time I gave you some. You begin with their heads, and they consist of a head, body, and legs ; except the centre one, which is only a two-syllable word, and has therefore only head and body :- The first of these is a representative of a class of people who are always attacking us. 'he second is an imperial lady. The third is one of those who come into advantages by the wills of others. I shall wind up my series of puzzles for this month with- (Z.) A LocOGRIPH. I am a word of eight letters, signifying a season very welcome to little people. My 8, 6, 5, is melancholy, and my 2, 4, 3, is not nice. My 3, 6, 5, is a youngster, who should make my r, 6, 7, in fine weather. My 3, 6, 8, , belongs to a whip, of the handle of which it is well to get my a, 2, 3, 5. If my 3, 6, 5, lives long enough he will be my 2, 3, 5, but I trust he will not know what it is to
6, 4, 3, or he will have to go to the doctor for 6, 4, 5. If you go out for my 8, 6, 4, 3, you may perhaps catch my 8, I, 6, 5, and if you cook it keep my 3, 4, 5, on, or my 6, 8, I, may fall in, which would be disagreeable, so please mind what I 8, 6, 7. By my 5, 4, 6, 3, sometimes assisted by 8, 2, 3, you can tell the time of my 5, 6, 7. My I, 4, 3, 5, 6, is the Christian name of a 3, 6, 5, 7. Now if you are 8, 3, 7, you will guess what I am without more 6, 5, 2. There only remains the list of solutions and guessers: SOLUTIONS. A. Square-of-every-word Puzzle. CRA B. R A R E. A R T S. 13 E S T. B. Pictorial Double Acrostic. j upite R. Smb. o. N ut s. E y E. C. Enigma :-B (bee). D. June Picture Rhyme. The trees, bee-ring, 4th mid :S;rU, ER shoots, Forge, Jew, N, witch, rye, pens, men, v, F, roots, The trees bring forth Midsummer shoots For June, which ripens many fruits. E. Charade :-Casque, aid = Cascade. F. Fancy Photograph :-G. ran D., 1)utch, s. S(;rand Duchess. G. Double Acrostic. (; uffa w. I, ass U. o rde n. wigwa .. 11. Degrees of Comparison :-Grate, grater, great EST great, greater, greatest. I. A Bunch of Roses :-Dog-rose, moss-rose, fairy-rose, cabbage-rose, Bourbon-rose, tea-rose, damask-rose, China-rose, musk- rose. K. Pictorial Proverb. Lit L, bee, oats, s, hood keep, N, ear, SH, oar. Little boats should keep near shore. For L. and Ai, see Answers.
The following have answered all Puzzles correctly :- Shepherd's Plaid; W. A. P.; Puck and Mary; Padishah Doodeen; H. E. Upton ; Ardy; Ella and Missy ; Moyolaand Buskin Burn ; Maud Mary; Luise and Janette ; Minnie and Pheenie ; Crusty Peg ; Rose Mary Leslie; C. J. Powell; Edith Emily Harris; Dorothy; Menelaus; Balbus; Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse: Emmie : Aggie Wylie: Mabel Ellis; Amy and Constance; Poker and Tongs ; Winifred Sullivan ; Eddie Sullivan; Harry Hotspur ; Lucy Morris ; Kittums; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor; Mossrose; Clarita; Sylvia and Beatrice Baldwin; Three Little Y's ; Katie Macandrew ; An- nie Townsend; J. and G. Macdonald ; J. and J. Williams; Lily Lightheart ; Mabel E. Walmisley ; Edith Cadogan; R. D. Purves ; Lilibulero. The following have answered correctly those Puzzles the initials of which are ap- pended to their names:- Double Daisy of Dieppe and Matthew Walker, A CD HI K; George Smethans, A B C D G H11K I" ; Edith and Nellie Stevens, A B C F H K; Organblower, A C F F H I K; Clara and Herbert, A B C D E" F G II K; Amy Measor, A E F H I; Smoke, A B C E F G Il K'; Lillian, -A HI /K; April and September, A H; Bud, Blossom, and Berry, A B C H I; Edith Budden, A B C E F G H K; Corkscrew, H; Lenore, A B C E F G H E I; Deborah Dottie, A BC G H I K; Miss Toots, A CD F H; Colin, A B CD F HI; Gouny and Co., B' CE F H ; Alex and Llew, C D F G H; Octopus, ABC D EGHI K; Edmondo Damas and Co.,A BCDEFHAK; Florence Mary Scallon, A C1I ; Nellie Hatton, A CE H I; Rupert Mason, A C If K; Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A B C E F G H; Lilla and E. Hutton, A B C ES H IiK; Chestnut, A B C H I K; Tweedledum, C D G H I; Honour, A B CE G H /I K; Angelita, A F H C ; Ethel Allman, A B C D E F G H; Guy, Speck, and Rob, A B C D G H; Annie Gertrude Drew, B C H; Patrick and Bessie, A B C G H; Louie, A CD EFGH IK ; Ella, AB CD EG H; Irish Ivy, A B CD E F G H K; Bill Sikes and Toby Crackit, A B C D E FH I K; Mopse and Chatterbox, A B EG H I; Blue Bell and Tib, CHI; Coquette, ABD F G H K; Chim, A BCD E F G H K; Cassivelaunus, A B CD E F G I K; Cat, Pug, and Fudge, A D F G H; Woodbine, A B CEF G HI K; Aliceand Florence Humphreys, A B CE F G H I K; Cymro, A B C E G HI AK; Katie Abbot, BC G H; M. F. L. B., AB C G H; Gerty Emily Jones, A B C FH K; Polyanthus and Henny Penny, A B C D E G III K; Florence Jewell, A B C DEFG H I; Hans Sterk, A CD G H I; Winifred Eyres, A BE HI K ; Maggie Mary Borland, A BC E F G H K; Penmorva, ABCDEF G K; Bescvad, A BCD F G H K; Lilian and Gertrude, A CH I; Kitten, A BCE G HI K; Alice Stronach, A B C D E F G H K; Frank and Elsie, A B C E F G HI K; Fleur de Lis, A B C ES G H I K; Yorkshire Lassie, A C E ' FG H I K; Toby, A B C D E F G II K; Hetty and Mary Comber, H I K; M. Stephens, A B C E F G II KA; Maggie Swallow, A B C FfH; Scotch Lassie, CH I/; Ariel, A B CDE F G H KA: Hetty and Nelly, A BCFGH; Neddums and Bee, A BCDE ES G H K; Ada and Annie, A C D ]E F G I I; Pussie Secunda, A C G H IA ; Margarette and Dora Sharpe, C F H I K; Charlie and Percie Carryer, A B C F G H I K; Beatrice and Helen Manton, H; Eyelight, A B CEG IH ; Emerald, A B C F G HI A h; Primrose, A B C D G H IK; Princess Em- eralda, A DE F G HI: Dora Jones, A BCDE F G H A'; G. I). Sharp, A B C F G HI K; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, A C F G 1/ K; Lichfield, A B C F H; Marion Fox, A B' CD E F G I K; Emma and Cousin Anne, A C F G H I A'; Mary Henrietta, A B C I) E ' II I; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A B C E F G H I K; Ernest, Constance, Howard, and Margaret, A B C E F G HI A'; Die Zauberftite, A BCE G H 11K; Innes, BCEFGHIK; Frisky, ABCEF/HI K ; Bee and Pollywog, A B CE G H; Laura Marie Jackson, A B C E F G I/ K; Thedi, Daymora, and Thibeer, A B C E F G A'; Fanny Barclay, A BCH A'; A. Wills, A B C D EFHK; Snowdrop, Ci ; Luigia, A BCDEFG II : A. M. P., A B C F G H KA; Buttercup and Daisy, A 13B C F H K; Burhampoor, A C H; Codling, A B C D F G H IC ; Roma, A BCEHIAK; The Graces, A BCEFGHI K; Scruffy A B C E G I; Ellen Wade, C H; Amyand Maggie, ,C F i Wildrake, A B CD H I': Mary Blanche Hayward, ABl B C 1' Gt IA K; Alice's Oak Tree, A C G H A ; Candytuft, A H; 'Iopsy W., B C D F/ H; Maggie Croall, A C D IE G HI A ; The Brat, C E G H A; Nellie Macdonald, A B C E F G H I: Jessamine and Heartsease, A C D E FG H I: Isabella Blatch, A B C F G II A ; Blanche, A C E GI ; Ma- bel Peake. A C G HI ; l.allie, ABCE F G HI K; M. Hope, A 1B E G H K; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, A it C II K; M. F. B.. A B CDG HI /1; Carrie, Ella, and May, A C G HI ; Marie, A BCDE F G HK ; Adeline, A C E F G 1I/ K; Fridzewide, A B C F F HG II IA'; ITrell, I aughing tans, and Little Woman, A RCEFGHA'; Emily Agnes, A BCDE FG H K; E. M. Cooper, AG H; Rosa F. Sillite, ABCDEFGHI; Widdie, AB C D E F GH ; E.
Rudd, A HI; Sea Anemone, A B CEG ; Rosalind and Celia, A B CE F G H; Alice Wade, A H; W. T. Horton, A C GHI K; Lucumo, AB CE G HI K; Caourdeleon, ABHI; J.A.F. M. andC. N.,A BCDBEFGHiA; Lil of the Valley, AB CEGH; Lillie M., A BCE FC H. Mother Carey's Chickens, F G; Dharswar, A B CL'EFGH"1 K; Yorkshire Pie, B F G H I; Lalla Rookh, .- C G ' H. S. J. V. T., A BDB FGHI; May Ellis, A BCF Gt, Laleham, A B CE F G HI K; King Charles, H., Ldlias A CE GHI; King Koffee, A C E FH K; Princess Sheila, A B E FG H I K; Mouche and Mache, A C H; LittleSnodgrass and Scotch Thistle, A B D E F G H I K; Typpetywychctte B FG H K; Stephanotes and Zenal, A B C ES H I; Gertie and Katie, A BC E F G HI K; Tiffey-wee, A B CDE F ( H K; King of the Black Isles, A H; King Arthur, A C E H; Egberta, A C: Fanny Hall, A B C F G B I ; Mary Paul A B C D E F G H I; Simon de Montfort, A FH I; Chris. WV., A D F H E K; Ethel and Sitz Lucas, A B C E F II I K; Celestine, ABC F G HI ; Rusler, AB CDE F G H K; Punch and Judy, A B C 1DE F G H K; Katie Eddie Deacon, H; Weathercock, A B CE F G H I; Edith Lack, A B C G H I; Titus and Dancing Dromedary, A E H; Freddie Burghard, A D F G HI K/ ; Edith Mary Glover, C G H I Orang Outan, A B C FGH; Christina M'Diarnnid, .4 BC E F G HI K; Ursa Minor, A2BCE FG H I; Effie and Alley, A B CE F GH K; Alice Berrington, A B CD FG HI 1; Polyphemus, A B CE H -K; The Red Queen, A BCE F G H I K; Claude Lowe, A B C E F G H I A-: Jump. ing Jehosophat, A B C D E F G H K; Rodway, A C F G II; W. and J. Thomson, A H I K/ ; The Bander- snatches, A B C E H 1; Unadilla, A BC F H; Battle. dore,A BCDEF G HI; L. L.Nicholls,ABCEFGHI IK; Periwinkle, A B CE F G HI; Sally, Dolly, Kit and Co., A BCE F G H K; Lotus, ABCE F; G H Gtemini ABCEFGHIAK; Ada Mason, ACEFPGHAK; ig. duff, H; S. Dock and T. Thomson, A B C II; May Tatum, A B CE F G 1i I K; Edith, Henry, and Blanche, A B CE G H/I K; Tweedledum and Tweedledee, A B CD F G( HI; Dormouse, A BC CEG C I K; Cornutra, A B C E G 1 Illunderbore, A BE EP GC I K; Madge, .- C EH I; Dolly Earnshaw, A B C EG H K; Kate and Mary Elgin, A B C L F G C/H K; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A C D H K; 'T'eacuap and Teaspoon, A / C E F G H I; Wild Rose and Humming Bird, A B C E F G H K; Holly and Mistletoe, A B C FG' H I K; Sunshine, A B C F G H K; Valentine and Daisy, A BC FG HI; Honeysuckle and Violet, A C H; Alice Free- mantle,ABCEFGHI K; Twa Hieland Laddies, A BCE FG II IK; Fannie E. 'Iurner, ACDE FG HIA'; Pen- dragon, A BCEFG IK; Adela, A B CDEF G iH; 1. Lovel and Fred Milner, H; Amelia Suermondt, A CEG II: T. C. Hughes, ABCD ES G H K; R. J. F. and C. XN. AI H /K; Emily Kate, A B CE G HK; Adelaide Churchill Spen- cer, G H K; Amy Ellen Stephens, A B C D E !G H i; M1y osotes, FH I K. In (L.) "Unwedded Rhymes " I have not had any very good verse sent, but I give the preference to T. C. Hughes. THE ROSE. The Rose is in its glory now, Its leaves are fresh and green; And hanging from its thorny bough Bright dewdrops may be seen. Each bud that lifts its mossy head Gives forth a grateful scent; While varied tints of loveliest red Our wondering eyes content. We pluck the flower, and startled learn. As from its stem 'tis torn, The adage true-the lesson stern- "No Rose without a Thorn." Pendragon and Lillie come in the First Class; A. M. P., Winifred Sullivan, Edith Cadogan, and Ursa Minor in the Second. The Third numbers Periwinkle, Eddie Sulli-
van, Luigia, Mary Henrietta, Alice Stronach, and Maude Mary; and the Commended are Smoke, Gemini, Unadilla, Christina McDiar- mid. Dharwar, Heartsease, Blanche, Puck and Mary, Inagh, Chestnut, Queen Bess, Chim, and Alice Freemantle. I have been greatly amused by the essays on " Playtime" (M), which seems to be a subject that my pilgrims fully understand and warmly appreciate. Ursa Major asks me in her essay if I can remember when I was a little boy, because she thinks if I did I should not give you such hard puzzles in playtime. Fleur de Lys thinks that there is "a plot between governesses, tutors, and mammas to do away with playtime altogether." If so, though I have great respect for all con- stituted authorities, I should be most happy to head an insurrection of little people against "all work and no play." I cannot classify the prose essays further than to say that Hetty and Nelly, Winifred Sullivan, Eddie Sullivan and Thedi have done best; and that I can commend Organblower, Lilibulero, Louie, Ayaconora and Frank Lee, T. C. Hughes, Christina McDiarmid, Gemini, Unadilla, Carrie, Luigia, Dora Jones, M. Stephens, Edmondo Damas, and Co., Edith and Isabel Meyrick, Alice Stronach, and Honora. And now I come to my letters, of which I have received a very big batch this month, with several bunches of flowers, and photographs of my little friends, for which they must accept my heartiest thanks. Madge writes that when she goes to school she is afraid she shall have to give up answering Puzzle- dom, but wants to know if she may write now and then to me, as she does not wish to be altogether forgotten among the pil- gims. I shall be very glad indeed to hear from her, for it always seems to me that my pilgrims and I are fast friends, and old friends, and I shall always look upon our journeys together as one of the brightest bits of sunshine in life. I am sorry to hear from so many of my correspondents that they have been ill ; but I scarcely wonder at it, for the weather has been very trying. As I am writing this I look out upon a lovely blue sky, but not five minutes ago the hail was clattering on the pane, and all the night it has rained heavily;- we wanted rain badly for our gar- dens, so it was welcome, but these sudden changes find out our weak points. I can assure Effie and Ally that crabs are often caught with bait and line-but not hook. The crab is an obstinate fellow, and may even be taken by a stick, which you put down
close to him and shake, whereupon he imme- diately seizes it in a fit of temper, and lets you lift him out of the water. There's a little moral attached to that, about naughty tempers, but I will not enlarge upon it. To Lalla Rookh I am sorry to say I can give no information about the meaning of nastur- tium, clematis, blush rose, or white geranium, as they are not in my Howlett, but marigold means grief. One or two pilgrims change their names this month again. Of course they can do so if they wish, but they must not be sur- prised if I forget their various aliases. Honeysuckle asks me to print the lines about the snails; but as I don't know the author, and they are probably copyright, I cannot do so. A.propos of the lines I must thank E. N. of Harley Street for offering to send me a copy of them if I will send her a sovereign for her poor. I am obliged to her, but have already received several copies freely sent, and, if not, could hardly afford such a luxury, as I earn my money somewhat hardly, and when I can spare a pound know only too many poor people to whom I can give. Hunkey Podge is good enough to give me a lesson in arithmetic, with which, as I have acknowledged, my acquaintance is limited. He informs me that whereas " twice nothing is nothing, nothing times two is two." But once two is two also, so that if I-Iunkey Podge is right, " nothing times two " is the same as "once two." I rather think if he could have his dinner once a day or nothing times a day, his views would slightly alter. I cannot tell Edith's brother when boys leave off growing, for I believe there is no nile about it. I was six feet and one inch when I was sixteen, and have never grown anything except older since. Well, perhaps I have grown stouter, for I was at sixteen very much like Euclid's definition of a line -length without breadth. The answer to "Sir Hilary" which May Tatum asks for is "Good Night." Valentine has sent me a very good enigma, though a little easy. I do not know whether Adelaide's aunt will find red Indians in Minnesota; I think she may set her mind at rest, as the white men have driven the natives to the ex- treme borders, and except in the plains there are seldom any outbreaks now. I do not know-what a lot of ignorance I can boast, Puzzledom is becoming a Confession Book for me-of any work on the meanings of Christian names, such as April and Septem- ber want, and for that same reason am unable to answer Burhampoor's question. Several friends write to say that the May- Ccv,
dew superstition about which Lilias inquired was that bathing in it would remove freckles, and produce a clear and fair complexion. I cannot advise King Koffee how to train for athletic sports. I was never athletic myself, and training, like most things, changes its fashions. When I was at Oxford the chief feature of training was raw steak, but I fancy that has gone out now. To Mopse and Chatterbox I have to an- swer that I did write " Petsetilla's Posy," but -in reply to another inquirer-my father, not I, wrote " The Dream of Eugene Aram." Lucumo writes to tell Ardy that Messrs. Chapman and Hall, of Piccadilly, are the publishers of " Good Lady Bertha's Honey- broth." I shall be glad to welcome Nero to our band of pilgrims-better late than never i Lizzie C. asks me if I am a Liberal or a Con- servative. We have no politics in Puzzledom, but I think I shall not be expelled by my pil- grims if I plead guilty to being something of a Liberal. I fancy J. Lovel and F. Milner will find Routledge's " Boy's Book "-I am not quite sure of the exact title-gives them the sports they name; the price I do not know. I cannot help May Ellis in her diffi- culty, as I have nothing to do with other de- partments. I wish her and Edith, her twin- sister, many happy returns of their birthday. One or two of my little friends have asked after my sailor-boy (who is in the mercantile marine, not the navy, Arethusa). He will have sailed for Calcutta again by the time these lines are in print. And, talking of sailors, what am I to say to Laughing Water ? Really some of the confidences I receive are embarrassing! She tells nme of a " beau- ideal of a midshipman, very handsome, and called Fred," and then talks about running away to sea, like the young lady in the ballad of " Billy Taylor," asking, is " salt-water good for the heartache ? " Well, I don't know, but the remedy seems to me rather worse than the disease. But it is reassuring to find in the next few lines that Laughing Water is not too broken-hearted to play at cricket, and even has a penchanlt for football. I can't quite agree with my little Irish friend Edith, who objects to my putting " exclusively English words " in the puzzles, and then calls the English words mere pro- vincialisms ! I didn't make the English lan- guage ; I use it as I found it, and it is not my fault that England is a mere province of Ireland. On the subject of pets, I may tell Ardy that bread and milk will be best for her jackdaw while it is young, with a little raw meat in addition as it gets older. I fa Mouche will find that magpies aree'rT r
clever, and decidedly mischievous. WithI regard to teaching them to talk, I fancy the best plan is to repeat the words you wish them to learn about a dozen times at night after the cage is covered up. That is how I have taught my parrot several words. There is nothing to distract its attention, and per- haps it dreams of the words as little people do of their lessons, and wake up knowing them. Of course to teach a bird to talk calls for patience, Mouche, and if you reflect how patiently the bird tries to learn what you wish it, you will hardly think you have all the "bother." I don't think Lilias needs to distress her- self about the linnet's not bathing or taking green food, so long as she gives it the oppor- tunity of doing so. It probably knows its own tastes and requirements better than we do, and Nature will teach it. We human beings who are so proud of our knowledge, cannot guess the simplest of Nature's puzzles. We invent steam-engines and electric tele- graphs, but before the cage of a simple little linnet, we stand silent and amazed, unable to read the secret of that little teaspoonful of life ! Lillie M. wants to know how soon kittens begin to catch mice. I think there is no rule, but a good deal depends on the mother's teaching. Some cats never care to catch mice, whilst others will face a rat almost as big as themselves. I don't know how to advise Dorothy about naming her kitten. I think she had better wait, and its disposition or some accident will suggest a name. Pen- dragon cannot be very far wrong in putting fine gravel in her thrush's cage, as all birds I think require little pebbles for their gizzards. I think Hecla's butterflies must be tiger- moths, but her description is not close enough to make it certain. I cannot advise Patrick and Bessie as to how to treat lizards, as I never had one, but I should give flies, and when that supply ran short should offer it meal ; worms are always in season. I am the proud possessor of two peahen's eggs, laid a week since, and now under the charge of a respectable and steady old white hen, as the peahen showed no inclination to sit, and I was afraid the peacock might break them. I don't know how long they will take to hatch, but I have added a few duck's eggs to fill the nest. I am also going to have a white kitten sent me from Dieppe, and I suppose she will say " micrux," as be- comes a French lady. She is the daughter of Princesse Blanche, who is the property of Double Daisy, my niece. So now good-bye for another month, little i:ople !