PUZZLE PAGES. 486.-CHARADE.
HfERE'S Biddy the dairymaid happy and gay, A sprightly young damsel is she; No lass trips so neatly, or carols so sweet, With her pail on her head o'er the lea. She has lovers enough; there's my second, poor George, Whose heart wildly beats as he thumps at his forge; His sighs are distressing, so long and so deep, And in time as in depth with his bellows they keep. But " He I he I he I" Says Biddy, " may be, Such a soft sighing swain will not ever suit me I" Poor fellow l his hands and his face are my first; For though money is steadily made By my whole, if he's skilful, at even the best It is never the cleanliest trade.
He strikes the hot bar, and a red shower flies Of sparks round the anvil on which the work lies; And stalwart his arm is, and steady his blow, As the ponderous hammer falls solemn and slow. But "Ah I" sighs he, "If Biddy jilts me, Oh where, and oh where, will my business be ?" But Biddy is foolish, like most Irish girls, And snubs her most suitable swain
For Peter the groom, who flirts with her awhile, Then goes back to Jenny again. While my second, poor George, he perspires and he sighs With the heat of the fire and of Biddy's bright eyes, Till myfirst he becomes so entirely, in sooth, That our dairymaid finally settles the youth. For " Oh I" says she, "How dare you court me, You beggarly whole of a low degree ?"
487.-MISTRESS MARY'S CONTRADICTIONS.
Mistress Mary Is in a quandary Because she is somewhat hard up in her diction; But she sends you a few She hopes will prove new Entirely to you, That you may find as good as her last contra- dictions ! I am growing and green, I am bluish and keen, Sometimes I'm a deep reddish colour you'd call. .I am hard, I am soft, And both I am oft; Sam long, I am short, I am little or tall 1 I grow in the fields, But Ceylon also yields
My yellow form chiefly; while Birmingham In razor or sword, [shows, What power I afford To my owner, who often his name to me owes! II. I'm seen upon the human head, A portion of your daily bread, A shelly mansion for a fish, As snug as any heart could wish. In Scotland, if you have a mind, Me in the chimney you will find. Although my name's transformed, no doubt You'll hardly fail to find me out. All cereals own me in great number, Yet only two mankind encumber, Which in one race, supremely strengthened, Bear burdens great, are largely lengthened I
488.-SIMPLE SIMON STUPIFIED. I'm that poor misguided fellow, Sport of every idle gale, Who was one time set a-fishing In my mother's pail, Where I ne'er with all my trouble Caught the promised whale ! Friday last my mistress sent me Up into the town. She was going to give a party Such as ne'er was known. "Fish and flesh, and good red-herring" Should the banquet crown. To a fishmonger she sent me For some acid fruit; From the ironmonger ordered Poultry her to suit; To the currier must I travel For her fish to boot I Was not Simple Simon bothered For the reason why ? Half-way there I sat and pondered, And began to cry. Surely never was a fellow Pestered more than I ! In the alphabet she bade me Vegetables buy; From a bookseller procure her Pounds of meat to fry; The bird-fancier an amphibious Creature would supply! To the smelting-house she sent me For some dainty meat; Bid me make from smartest acids Pies for them to eat; And in the open sea desired me Fruit to gather sweet ! I once more the ironmonger Sought to buy her fish; To the coach-house next I trotted For a rich sweet dish; Next from a useful book I gathered Fruit to meet her wish I Was not Simple Simon bothered For the reason why? Half the while I sat and pondered, Trying not to cry. Was there ever as unlucky Mortal sure as I? Can't you help poor Simple Simon On his puzzling quest ? And I hope the ingenious guesser Who will help me best,g At such a dinner as I furnish Soon shall be a guest 1
489.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC CHARADE. 1. An orthodox dish, and a dainty one too, Which on Easter Day we may often view. 2. A beautiful colour, not given to flee, Though exposed to the ravage of sun and sea, 3. A name whose owners dwell at Cologne, Though in every civised' country known. 4. The inseots>small DiO Wtt'poit~iays As trod int0:dust in'our comneonvvitSy. My firstiffurin'itials imordndrshow What n~orti lindi' ttannomakblor. batitw. My last fdurfinal týtlhgigsbl In whichwv&&'tve!dunr waltd'wy. Oft dotli] il /tisthn sdatenddnger: When onOtliftormy waves a ranger. The wildJwifid~~ llw,, arnd(billows!roar, And sharp46t]d'ookeks grin alng the. shore. My last k]ogi udiidlte drifting drifting To the pities 'wilwýieiakesan'sashifting; While myfid sebriis~tem ant)ibllsple ey, For the batfling elementlihlpless prey. But thoug-iLbdtidh sayiroar andljillowsroll, Forth to the-rescue sped 'my wlsolel' My gallantiwhole, in a:nobleceause; She snatelesa~gyg jfirstjfot~i tiesea'dideie jaws. She looks but a speck on the mighlty main, But its breakers may foam and chafe in vain; They may wrench my last from keel to deck, But my first is saved from tempest wreck, And landed free from the storm's control; Good speed to her ever I my gallant whole! TRANSPOSITIONS. 490. SUPTAITRIPS. - The "Tyrant" of Athens, who, claiming a descent from Codrus, usurped the sovereign rule. His reign was, however, not marked by any gross violations of the laws, and he bequeathed the succession to his sons. 491 CITMOSSLEETH.-The wilypolitician who suggested the extension and ample fortifi- cation of the city, while at the same time he succeeded in lulling the enemy into compara- tive security. 492. ISPECERL.-The benefactor of arts and sciences, the brilliant leader, and the able politician who raised Athens to its greatest power. An enlightened ruler and able legis- lator, he left behind him an untarnished glory. 493. ADIBSARS.-A noble Spartan com- mander, who was one of the bravest among a host of brave men. He met with his death in Thrace. 494. SILIDACABE.-An intriguing leader, whose greatest aim wasp to serve his own ambi- tion. After many vicissitudes of fortune and misfortune, he was ignominiously slain by a small band of assassins.
I 495.-PUZZLE.
Irepresent a very small house; exchange my head for another, and I become a mere speck; repeat the process, and I am the past tense of the verb "to get." Behead me and replace me vith another letter, and I become excessively warm; again, and I am what people do when hey put down hasty ideas. Replace my com- mencement once more, and I become part of thebiddings of an auctioneer; once more, and Iam a negative; again, and I am what boils your potatoes, cabbage, and beef. Put another letter of the alphabet to me, after decapitating the last, and I am a fearful decay; repeat the
process, and I appear that fearful thing a con- firmed drunkard. Now take me as I was at first, and add a vowel to me, and I give you a dwelling-place for birds; change the capital letter, and I love to excess; again, and I take a register of what passes; once again, and I appear in order. Now attach to me the sibil- lant letter, and I give you a native of our kindred isle; alter me, and I show you what a rile volunteer has done at a review. Alter me again, and I give you the trace of the flying deer; again, and I convert your cooking utensil into a blemish.
496.-PROVERBIAL. qC
497.--BIOGRPHICAL ENIGMA. 1. A celebrated .commander, who was edu- cated in Holland,and served under the banners of Prussia, but whoreturn~ed to his own country and covered her with JA!utls by resisting France and Spain inlher .)erwLeoat Gibraltar. 2. The patiet 4:lQ opher who discovered the prip~l.e ;'tbot.rley the eart,;,aun, moon, and planets, by qrelrynoticing and pondering over such a trivial occurrence as the fall of an antumn fruit. 3. One of our merchant princes, whose early history teems with romance, and who in after years founded a noble building, commemorating by his crest the story attached to his earlier years. 4. A celebrated philosopher, born in a country of the West, whose writings have been and will be admired for many years. 5. A brilliant general, who held a high com- mand in the West Indies, and led the expedition to Egypt. At Alexandria he fell on the field of battle. 6. A naval hero, who entered the service at twelve years of age, and who proved one of the most famous among his country's defenders.
His victories are world-renowned, and his last signal has become a watcihwrd. 7. Another naval hero, ,,wo made himself much distinguished by tbis -oyage round the world. He was instruteinal in ap s ttering a large and powetfl pav:leereprisein 1588. The initialsf taenames ~il'form that of their native ilantl,;to;wb' hih.ey ,are ,bright and unfading sorces of 'honour and pride. TRANSPOSITION. 498. DYALNERS.-A Lacednemonian gene- ral, who was popular, wise, and active in his measures. He gained several great successes, and finally conquered Athens. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275,. and 276.) 471. Ship.wreck. 472. Et. Bet-Get - Jet-Let-Met-Net -Pet-Set-Wet-Yet. 473. 1. A table. 2. A cannon. 3. A needle. 4. A book. 5. A clock. 474. Hieroglyphic. 475. A Bed. 476. Ill weeds grow apace. To be read-Il. weeds-G row-Ape ace. 477. Boot-jack.
499.-CHARADE.
" I love my first," said Grasperly Grub, "In any shape or fashion; So long as I get it, the world may go And play as it will with its poor peep-show, My first is my only passion ! My beautiful first, it is fresh as youth, Deep as love, and as true as truth, Heavy as lead, and most slippery to hold, Whether in copper, or silver, or gold. Who cares ? Not I, for my coffers are deep Wherein my beloved first I keep. Roses are fair, but my first is fairer; Diamonds are scarce, but my first is rarer; . Sugar is sweet, and so is honey, But sweetest of all is my precious - l" While Grasperly Grub is chanting his lay, And counting myfirst in glory, My second poor Skinnikin Bones doth sit, For dinner or supper there's scarce a bit In that dismal upper story I My second isshe, and incessant her toil To carn a bare living and make the pot boil. For a brood of small children, thin, hungry, and bare, Who try to exist on the scantiest of fare, And where is my whole on his travels to-day? To which of our neighbours a visit to pay? To Grasperly Grub some more gold doth he promise ? No ! Well let us watch. See the spot he comes from is The bare, dismal attic of Slinnikin Bones. Long life to my whole! while such portents he owns, May housemaid and broom be kept far from his way, And midges be plentiful every day I Meanwhile the young Bones hardly know their own selves In these tidy, well-fed, and well armented elves! 1NO
Round goes her wheel from the first peep light- Everlastingly round till far into the night: And poor Skinnikin sighs, when things come the worst, And wishes she had but some more of my irs "For what shall I do for my poor children dinner To-morrow I know not !" cried Skinny - -t Whenever my whole you may chance to espy, (Tradition avers that she utters no lie I) A bountiful fortune will fall to your lot, If the queer little prophet of luck you harm no Some of his kin, if you happen to see In the morning, some sorrow your portioa will be; But if in the evening you happen to view 'em, They're a sign of success, so do nothing unto'e But at morn or at evening, at noon or at nigh The tribe of my whole, when they come in yor sight, Should be ever most welcome, unless you're funny As to slight or object to a pocket of - 3 And Skinnikin cries, "There's no lack of dinner ; Oh, bless you my whole for a good - - MORAL. Some people find life all one radiance sunny With luxury and comfort, and plenty of - While others are oft hardly pinched for a dinner Whent oilingfor breadlike poor Skinny the-- Till Fate, like my wlhole, weaves a web of goo luck, And round people at last in the round holes a stuck. And when they're of wealth and of riches t winner, gratefully bless the benign - --I