PUZZLE PAGES.
334.-CHARADE. EEP lies the snow before the door, The air is raw and chill; In garment white the wide-spread moor Is clad, like yonder hill. My whole, by hunger rendered brave, Hops tamely in and out Beside the doorstep, searching there To find some crumbs about. IMy second throbs with hope and fear: Hope, that a friend is nigh; And fear, that some ungentle hand 1May drive him forth to die. My first is on my second seen, And doth so warmly glow, It seems to cast a rosy gleam Upon the wintry snow. Poor little owhole, come fearlessly, And from my hand be fed i Cold must my second be indeed Ere I will grudge thee bread ! So when the pleasant spring returns, And winter's passed away, Then let me see my second's .first Gleam on the leafy spray 1 335.-ENIGMA. m a word of four letters, two of which are !importance, signifying nought. For myself, an article of extended use, and worn by a afriar, a snake, a clergyman, a flower, and ad. I gave a surname toa, famous archer lived about the time of Richard I., and to a toI the reign of Victoria. My family is large, ugh Iam an orphan, for when I go among al can count sisters and brothers, maidens mothers. Iam somewhat addicted to single for I dwell with spinsters; yet I am fond of sty, for where a great many neighbours totether you will always find me. I am r of a monastic turn too, and have patro- Biguines and Scours de CharitS, Capuchins Franciscans. Kings and queens favour me, uer, when I assume knightly orders, and oouish highest under their protection. rever I am, I am at least sure of sub-
sistence. In all probability you have seen my like, but even when you find me you may be puzzled, for I often show two faces ! 336.-JAYS IN BORROWED PLUMAGE. I know all you boy-readers of our Magazine are fond of birds, and so I beg those of you that are ornithologically disposed to guess the names of the following birds. They have played the part of the lapwing, and hnder false pre- tences lure you on away from their real nest; but I dare say you are quite clever enough to trace them home. 1. The bird that crawls. 2. The bird whose mouth is a sort of ladle. 3. The bird that is an apiarian. 4. The bird wearing sable head-gear. 5. The bird that is half bovine. 6. The abrupt bird. 7. The bird that raises weights. 8. The bird that is meadow-fed. 9. The bird that is fond of tangles. 10. The bird given to practical joking. 11. The bird that plays a royal game. 12. The bird that quarrels in darkness. 13. The bird that mounts unusually high pattens. 14. The bird that gossips with pebbles. 15. The bird that angles for monarchs. 16. The schoolboy's bird. 17. The bird that presides over our meals. 18. The bird that is a cereal. 19. The bird whose throat is askew. 20. The bird that is a pink clergyman. 21. The bird that attends to your lawn. 22. The bird armed with a spade. 23. The bird that exhibits an ill-tempered mouth. 24. Everybody's bird. If you are so obtuse that you cannot find out the proper names of these members of our feathered friends, I shall call to your aid, lastly- 25. The quickest bird of all; and 26. The bird that was once a conjurer I 337.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A subtle notion gendered in the brain; The dew of pity, tender mortal rain; A substance acids strive against in vain; A fair young girl in Scotia's precincts now; What links two oxen in an ancient plough. These letters formed in order will devise A country famed for bright and azure skies. My second is the hope her children hold That she shall spring as glorious as of old; And both together are the watchword proud Her noblest champion then will speak aloud.
338.-ENIGMA. I am a word of two letters, a preposition, and one of extensive use, but when the letters of the alphabet in their turn assist me I am great indeed. The second ranks me among the night- wanderers, a link between birds and animals, and teaches me at the same time to play a noble English game. The third incorporates me with the feline race, and makes me an instrument of punishment. The sixth fashions me after Fal- staff's figure, the perquisite of the cook, and retail article of marine stores. The eighth turns me into straw, felt, and beaver, silk, plush, and velvet, surmounting me with insects, flowers, feathers, birds, and buckles. The thirteenth constructs me from wool, beads, silk, cocoa-fibre, rope, reed, rushes, flags, worsted, leather, and paper. The sixteenth gives me an Irish nickname, and sets me to make up butter. The eighteenth once more introduces me to Natural History as one of the Rodents who came over with the Conqueror. The nineteenth shows that I have been resting. The twentieth takes me a double round with the postman, and teaches me an old-fashioned style of fancy work. The twenty-second feeds me with various kinds of wine, cheese of all sorts, not forgetting cream cheese, and beer, ale, stout, porter, and bitter Bass. With all this change, however, I do not con- sider my existence sufficiently varied, so I take to my aid the next on the list, celebrating his advent by a cup between us of the liquor "that cheers but not inebriates," and likewise re- cording the fact that we have eaten together. Then we again take a walk down Alphabet-row, when the second letter, in spite of my added strength, now lessens us. The third changes us into a delicate dainty. The fourth inscribes the year we flourish in, and converts us into a luscious fruit. The sixth hands us over to the Three terrible Sisters, who stand round with distaff, spindle, and shears, and recommends us to publish our transactions with Catnach and take a royalty from every gipsy. The seventh turns to wood and iron, and makes us a transparent door for the human race. The eighth bids us go back to the time of Adam, to repent our deeds from Cain downwards. The eleventh tells us we are but shrewishly disposed, and own several viragoes; but we deny this, and reply that our distinguishing characteristic is royalty, as we have given sovereigns to other countries besides England. The twelfth hinders us from keeping any appointment, or being punctual to any time. The thirteenth reminds us that the 14th of February is our saint's day, on which birds and men seek us alike. The
fourteenth renders us the form in which Irs Paddy best likes to take a " dhrop of cratur." The sixteenth converts us into t part damaged by the famous roll downhill Jack and Jill. The eighteenth makes us noxious to all tenants, inhabitants, and rishioners, renders us subject to the bills mortality and population, and hastens ere thing in a most alarming manner. The i teenth only records the fact that we wereo in a state of repose; and the twenty.fifthfi our habitation in a large village in Gloucest shire. And now, in fact, if you can't find out, you will run the gauntlet of all the 10 games at chess with which we are associated 339.-CHARADE. Yes, 'tis a noble portrait, Nell! My whole, with gloomy grace, Lie where the polished armour-plates Are gleaming through the lace. My father was an Ironside, A rebel to his king; His daughter's heart, a traitor too, Against his will, did cling To yonder gallant cavalier: My first to him was plighted; 3Iy second, by my father's will, Still kept us disunited; Till better days at length drew near, And at the Restoration, Lord Rupert saved my father's lands From fine and sequestration. By our long patience won at last, My father blessed myfirst; It sprang into a goodly growth, Though once in secret nursed. My second now alone kept guard O'er store-room, chest, and cellar; Myfirst shed radiance round our hom And in it, on each dweller. S3Iy whole long since were laid at rest In yonder churchyard lowly, But, oh I my first's immortal rays Still shrine their memory solely I Well, draw the curtain gently, Nell; My first was truly plighted; Death's hand will ope my second yet, And we shall be united. CONUNDRUMS. 340. Why is a good schoolmasterlikethe 341. Why is a frustrated scheme lie a ci 342. Why is a country bumplkin at the of the Tuileries like a maclkerel cast as upon the Land's End ? 343. If you were to hear a gun fired of, are you like a man who has just been to some rumour?
344.--NIGMA. spelt in four letters, a very small word, which only three of them seem to be heard. well on the tree, on the bush, on the flower, the top of the cedar, the midst of the bower. gold, I am silver, I'm black and I'm white, tinged with all colours you see 'neath the light. thick, I am thin, I am narrow or broad, met on the river, the meadow, the road. steam monster knows me, devours me too, disgorges his victim once more to the view. pure as the snow ere his mandate I see, fat decides what my future shall be: ether freighted with evil, to darken and spoil, plant seeds of discord in innocent soil, gifted with blessing to teach and to spread highest and holiest knowledge instead. the lungs of the plant, of the herb, of the tree, a their earliest growth they inspire through me. I flounrish or sicken they grow or decay, ugh their purpose endures when mine passes away. flat, I am oblong, I'm broad, or I'm round, riddled to lace-work or scalloped around. maveins though no heart, I have ribs though no bones; a sin of all colours, all shades, and all tones. n you ask friends to dinner you're often not able seat them unless I am, too, at the table ! on can't find me out, I must really suppose are blind to the things that are under your nose. 345.-ENIGMA. am a word of six letters, a noun, and my mencement and end are the same. Cut me al, and spell my last three letters, and you pronounce my whole. My first syllable is a Sby name, and a letter by sound. My ad is manufactured in iron, glass, wood, clay, and used for containing liquids and 5, sweets and sours. My first is a native of a, my second a cosmopolite. My second scent, and also an old-fashioned sweet dish. rs is manufactured sometimes from cow- violets, marshmallows, elder blossoms, linseed. Mly second catches fish in river a, and protects your chimneys. It makes cofee, preserves your meats, whether fish, ,r forl, holds your geraniums anddfuchsias, waters your flowers. It malkes soup or boils and stews, holds molten metals and tan. When you drop in on a friend to a chance dinner, my second divides it with Finally, my whole presides over your rg and evening meals.
346.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The shelter humblest peasants share with kings ; The termination of a score of things; The stony mouth devouring ripened grain; A belted noble o'er a fair domain. My first is throned upon her seven hills; My second more than once has wrought her ills. Myfirst asks, " Must it be? are you assured ?" My next replies, " My advent is secured I" 347.-CHARADE. My first is what my second was, As quickly will appear; My whole is found near many a mouth, And finds an entrance there. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 181, 182, 183 and 184.) 297. Madam. 298. Cup-board-Cupboard. 299. England. 300. Lap-pet-Lappet. 301. 1. Origi-nation. 2. Assassi-nation. 3. Nomi-nation. 4. Imagi-nation. 5. Peregri- nation. 6. Divi-nation. 7. Conster-nation. 8. Procrasti-nation. 9. Indig-nation. 10. Fasci- nation. 11. Domi-nation. 12. Extermi-nation. 13. Rumi-nation. 14. Alie-nation. 15. Coro- nation. 16. Illumi-nation. 17. Stag-nation. 18. Condem-nation. 19. Determi-nation. 20. Exami-nation. 21. Vacci-nation. 22. Germi- nation. 23. Recrimi-nation. 24. Combi-nation. 25. Termi-nation. 302. Larkspur. 303. Cockscomb. 304. Monlkshood. 305. Harebell. 306. Cowslip. 307. Foxglove. 308. ArthuR-LeafagE-BeeF-I 0 U-Ob- lonG-NinE. ALBION. REFUGE. 309. Balaldava. 310. Corunna. 311. Blenheim. 312. Agincourt. 313. Waterloo. 314. Austerlitz. 315. Lady-bird-Ladybird. 316. The vowels A, E, I, O, U. 317. "Littore puppes" (Littery puppies).- lirgil's "ziEneid," lib. vi., 1. 902. 318. Temp6 - Helots-Apamea - Sappho- Sophocles. HECATO3IPYLOS. 319. Cannon-row. 320. Erasmus. 321. Colbert.
,{ iiti iiý ý t I 348. PUZZLING PARTS OF`"SPEECH-FOUR PICTURED PARTICIPLE I I i ]I1 I I i- II I 1 I - 11 -A l . G ý I '349.--CHARADE..
My whole's a word of letters five, I'm found both far and near; Behead me, and I am a sound That strikes upon the ear. My tail cut off, a weight now comes, Most useful to mankind; Behead again, my tail replace, A unit you will find.
Curtail once more, and I am left A very little word; A preposition sometimes found, An adverb often heard. Behead me now, my tail clap on, And then I think you'll find That I abound in man and beast, And also in mankind.
350.--TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE-A HIGHWAY NEAR RICHMOND. CONUNDR)IUMS. 851. Why is a man who asserts his right to a certain letter of the alphabet like calls out ? 352. Why is a man walking-on a narrow plank over a deep river like a traveller by t . t--- - -----.-- - 852. Wh'y is a man wvalki"gon a nar'row plank over a deep river like a traveller by
aaimediatel Sell{Qg offi Stamps at reduced s month onl. List gratis, James Marsh and Co,, at lon inspectlon. Price list gratis. Inclose Aes Marsh and Co., 90, London-wall, E.C. oast half price-I,030 stamps, many rare and obso- r , 1000 A. S. Lang, 34, St. Andrew's-st., Glasgow. to o nused Stamps.-25 varieties, Gd.; 50, Is. 2d.; I A. S. Lang, 31, St. Andrew's-street, Glasgow. to.; 101, 2. A . Lang, 31, t. Andew's-street, , -5.Collccltors may have their duplicate Colonial ; d ; a en d for used or unused C ontinen tal stam ps. g, 31, St. Andrew's-street, Glasgow. ,tsay and Co., 77, Booth-street West, Molnlhesster, . packet contains 20 varieties, including Huong Kong, Canada (beaver), old ands new Saxonr, od, many as obsolete stamps. J. Sil Kay ant .,77, B7, Booth- lk.,t, Manchester, . packet contains 40 varieties, including 2 different tog' New Italian, Nova Scotia, Russia, Saxony, and other unused stamps, J. Me Kay and Co., istreet Westl, Manchester. ilklvetia 2c., 3c., be., 10c., 20c., 30e., 40c., GOc., if., (long Kongs 2c., 4c., Gre S., 24e., 48c., 96c., for Is. 3d. no Italians ce., 10e., ae.., 30e., 40c., 60e., far 6d. unusted Prince Edward's hIland Id., 2d., 3d., Gd., Od., fpotduuese 5, 10, 25, 59, 1CO rcis, for Gd. ns ltussia 1,3, bkop., for 8d. All the above warranted genuine. ,.J. 'lcl.av and Co. wish to appoint agents in all the adl ollegcs of Great Britain to sell stamps at a tumnisiaon. . ad C, 77, Booth-street West, Manchester. sent on approval by Edward Kettleby, 14, Kings- 1r 1 Old dated Spain, Modena, and American S,.d. eaca. lundreds at 3d. bland stamnps-yellow, 2d., blue, 3d., red, 4d. ; set ; pot frIee, .d. II. Lennox, 18, Newhall-terrace,