PUZZLE PAGES. 429.-CHARADE.
HE was sent for mny first, and the money she had Enough for a pair had been reckoned; But the weather of late had been stormy and bad, And she found that my first was my second. So she purchased but one, and then homeward as fleet As my second, with ribbons a-flutter, She tripped, ever daintily lifting her feet, Lest my first should be soiled inthe gutter. - But my whole, riding by, chanced this maiden to see, And Love's dart through his breastplate ii __ smote him; -i He swore by my first she my second should be, And vowed to her love he'd devote him. But she cruelly slighted the vows of my whole- Took no heed of his suing and sighing- And told him his sorrowful heart to console, For she had " other fish to be frying."
430.-ENIGMA. I am a cheerful little thing, Rejoicing in the heat; Whether it come from sea-coal fire, Or log of wood, or peat. Again, I love a sunny day In park or grassy field, Where 'neath my banner man and youth Their utmost prowess wield. And there they stand with ready arm, Unflinching every one; Their only aim to prove themselves "A Briton to the bone !" 431.-CHARADE. No land but where my first has been, However far or near; My next a preposition is, As soon I'll make most clear. My third's a fearful scourge indeed, Where'er it may be found; And every nation may full well With dread regard the sound. My whLole guards well our lovely isle From foe or treacherous friend, And ever may its welcome aid Victoria's throne defend I
432.-CHARADE. My first sailed over the deep blue sea, And a right, right gallant man was he; In fair and in foul of wind and of tide, He and Duty were side by side. My second showed on myfirst's brave face, Adding a manlier, bolder grace; 'Twas pleasant on such a frank brow to look, Open and clear as the leaves of a book. At a ball of the wealthy, the noble, and fair, My whole was comme it fanct to wear; For the. Royal Princes the fashion set, And wore it in red, green, yellow, and jet. 433.-ENIGMA. I'm high and I'm low, I'm up and I'm down; I'm used by the boys In country and town. I mostly am thick, Very rarely am thin; Sometimes I walk out, Sometimes I walk in. I'm often put on, And often put off; But hold! I have done- I've told you enough.
434.-ENIGMA. Ifasten the hair of the maiden fair, With silken meshes I twine, But a good fat hare for the poacher I snare In these crafty links of mine. My filmy folds round the beauty fall; I form fichu, sleeve, or veil; 'And with softer grace I circle the face When age has made it pale. The air and earth are of equrl weo tz , Or the depths of the rdiling sea, For my toils I lay o'er all sorts of prey; They are all alike to me. My size and shapes are manifold To suit what you may require; I am made of cotton, flax, silk, and wool, Of rope, twine, hair, and wire. The finny spoil of the fisher's toil I bring from the mighty main, And the bright-winged fly, as it soars on high, I trap in my folds again. Your cabbage or dumplings are boiled in me, Your lemons are hung to dry; Transpose me, and you will at once behold The decimal number am I. 435.-CHARADE. My Lady Jane had called for my first, And the curtains, cosy and warm, Glowed red in the twilight, shutting out The sight of the thick snowstorm. Two little boys with my second played, With the help of my Lady Jane, And an ivory ball; and they missed and laughed, Then tried the trick over again. But my first is ready, my second waits, On the ground all the playthings roll; And the children, tired out with their game, Are taking myfirst from my w7wle. 436.-ENIGMA. Green am I in spring, Late in summer yellow; In the autumn red, , When the days grow mellow. You may on me read; You may on me write; Green, red, yellow, though I am, I am always white. Wrinkle not my face, Let me live in clover; Look, but handle not; Yes, you may turn me over t
437.-CHARADE. Slow upriseth the silver moon; Annie and I should be going soon, But we care not my first what people say, Let us out a little longer stay. To gaze at my second is so sweet, As we hear the grass crunch under our feet. Oh, who would prefer a squeezing throng, And a blaze of gas, and a miscalled "song?" Well, I have got to my bed at last, And the god of dreams is upon me fast, And I sink to sleep with contented soul, Quietly watching the holes in my whole. 438.-ENIGMA. A pronoun place between two nouns, Of letters only three, But very useful at the doors Of high and low degree. Cut off the tail of something cold, And I must take its place; Then put two thirds of that which joins, My whole will show his face. In a few years I wish that I May have that face to show, When I shall strive a place to gain Amongst a learned row. 439.-CHARADE. 'Twas morning when my first my next began; My whole came on, and roused bird, beast, and man. ANswERns TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 182, 183, and 184.) 404. Quicksand. 405. 1. Ray. 2. Sole. 3. Ling. 4. Maid. 5. Plaice. 6. Thornback. 7. Codling. 8. Crab. 9. Pike. 10. Smelt. 11. Brill. 12. Carp. 13. Shark. 14. Seal. 15. Skate. 16. Jack. 17. Whiting. 18. Perch. 19. Herring. 20. Dace. 21. Barbel. 22. Flounder. 406. SPEAR. Pears-Rape - Reap-Pare- Apes-Peas-Ears -R ase - Sear-Rasp-Asp -Par-Rap-Rep-Sap-Are-Parse. 407. Sun-dew. 408. ENIGHA-SPHTNX. EyeS-NaP-IrisH -GaY-MaN-AnneX. 409. "Benedict knew by the hob-nailed boots it was Basil the blacksmith." 410. Snail-Nail-Ail. 411. A-betting - N-circling - D-riding - M-barking. 412. Because it stirs up a smouldering fire. 413. Because it is uncoloured.
* 440.-POETICAL PUZZLE. I --,
4411.-ENIGMA.
Upon me sat a dandy fine, With his eternal drawling whine, In buckskins white, and leather tops, Why was I made to seat such fops ? It was my doomed unlucky fate, At Ascot, betwixt eight and eight, To hear the twaddle o'er and o'er Of Lord Dundrearies by the score. Yet stay, ta'en in another sense, I have a pleasanter pretence; Made use of by four pretty girls, All gems and flowers, scent and curls. For Master Tom I've got a cake, And lots of apples and hardbake,
With many a coloured sugar-stick, The which I trust will make him sick. He likes me snugly stored away,, To sneak to in the hours of play; Yet when misconstruing, I fear, He wouldn't like me on his ear. Ah, well no longer can I prate; Go to the Haymarket at eight, Theatre Royal, there you'll see Buckstone will make you roar at me. Or if till Christmas-tide you stay You'll hear of me by night and day; Then I with thumps, knocks, rings am found; You'll sicken at the very sound !
442.--TWO PICTURED PA4RTICII'LES. / I II//
443.-CHARADE. From my first dothlimy dread whole fly, And unless I have wrongly reckoned, If we chanced to get into its way, It would blow you and me to my second.
444.-CHARADE. My first is a part of speech; My second a part of you ; My whole is a part of old London Bridge, And a part of Westminster new.
to 45.-If M. Soyer were about to Nrch U hat species would you recommend j