PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
UR pilgrimage has now brought us to the month of March, the first month of Spring, which is said to come in like a lion and go out like a lamb, because there "; are generally very high winds at the be- ginning, called the equinoctial gales. In the initial you will see the head of the ram, which is the zodiacal sign for the month. I suppose you all know the old jingle, which gives the English names for the Latin signs of the Zodiac- The Ram, the Bull, the Heavenly Twins, The Crab, and then the Lion shines, The Virgin, and the Scales The Scorpion, Archer, and Sea-Goat, The man that holds the Watering Pot, And the Fish with glittering tails. By the end of March, if we are lucky in our weather, we shall have the spring flowers out plentifully. Even now, the primroses and snowdrops defy the frost and cold, but, I
am sorry to see, fall victims to the slugs, whose dainty appetites are not satisfied with the green leaves, but nibble away the blooms. We have had so little frost to check them or kill them, that I fear there will be such armies of slugs, snails, caterpillars, and grubs as will drive poor gardeners almost crazy this year, and rob us terribly of flowers, fruit, and vegetables. There is a proverb which would teach these creeping gentry a lesson, if they could but understand it. As, however, its wisdom can hardly be said to be thrown away in cases where children are in an orchard or fruit garden, and little fingers are sorely tempted to pick the early blossom, I will give it to you as (A.) A PROVERB IN RHYME. It seems as if the sun to-day Makes bright the world for you and me, If we would wander o'er the lea, And there enjoy the blossoms gay The Spring is scattering free. Fruit of the long dark Wintertide, We'll gladly pluck this sunny hour; Not fearing now the Winter's power, We'll ramble by the green hedge-side, And seek Spring's foremost flower. I fancy Spring's foremost flower is differe:nt in different parts of the country. In some it is the Lent-lily ; in many t.he primrose; it a few my favourite little flower, the anemone, or wind-flower, which is an appropriate March
flower, for the old naturalists said it only bloomed in a high wind. I suppose there is some pretty old legend about the origin of its name, if one did but know. I like it for the fearless way in which it spreads its fragile white sails to the wind, and think that Shakespeare's lines are very suitable to it when he speaks of a flower ", That comes before the swallow dares, and takes The winds of March with beauty." Considering that March brings in her lap, boisterous though she be, such delicate trea- sures as these, I fancy we shall agree in the sentiment of the following (B.) PICTORIAL PROVERB. You will notice in this month that the trees are beginning to put out buds, or even tiny green leaves here and there, for the sap is beginning to stir in their weather-beaten limbs. This is lucky for our little friends the birds, because by the time their nests are built there will be a leafy covert to hide their homes from prying eyes. I have just gathered a bundle of twigs. It looks a little like a rod, yet I did not collect it with that intention, but in order that I might Sshow them to you, and see if you could guess this (C.) 3 UNDLE OF PUZZLEDOM TW\l S. i. Three-fourths of an eruption. 2. A snake, and two-thirds of a fowl. 3. Three-fifths of a Dutch nightingale's song. 4. Three-fourths of a rudder. 5. Three-fifths of an Autumn wild flower, and three-fourths of a bird.
6. Four-fifths of pigs'-wash, and two-fourths of an exhibition. 7. One-third of a leguminous vegetable, and a narrow country road. 8. Two-thirds of a portion of the mouth and two-fourths of flesh. [of a gossip. 9. An industrious insect, and two-fourths Io. Two-thirds of beer, and three-sixths of cattle-food. [of a limb. i . The outline of a country, and two-thirds I2. Two-thirds of a hog, and two-thirds of a snare. There, I hand you over the bundle of twigs. Let me see how many of them you can find out. They are not difficult, and you have had puzzles like them before; but still I will give you an example of how they are done, for the benefit of beginners. We will take the "Sycamore," which, in puzzle-language is "two-fifths of a flower, three-fifths of a carving for a brooch, and three-fourths of the middle of an apple." That is to say- " (Pan)SY, CAM(eo), (c)ORE." As some of you seem to like the Diamond Puzzles very much, I will give you one in picture language. (D.) PICTORIAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. --7.
The answer, perpendicular, is a dandy; the answer, horizontal, is a popular game. There is a somewhat similar sort of puzzle called a Square Puzzle, which I will explain to you. Here is an instance :-" A square of six, the top and initial side (being the same) mean a sacred building; the bottom and finals make a carpenter's implement." 'The steps are- r. A sacred building. 2. A Mahometan date. 3. To unpick a dress. 4. Haphazard. 5. Alteration. 6. A carpenter's implement. 'The answer is- CHUR CH HEGIRA U N T R I M RANDOM CH ANGE H A M M E R Now I will set you an easy one to begin with, which is only a square of four :- (E.) A SQUARE OF FOUR PUZZLE. The initial and top lines give one feature, 'The final and bottom lines give two organs. Without the one you could not smell, Nor hear without the others well. i. A feature. 2. A mountain in Greece. 3. What some grapes are. 4. Organs of sense. Now if you don't all guess such a very simple puzzle as that, you will deserve to be visited by Puzzle C. Some of my Pilgrims tell me that I have not given them a charade for some time, so I will set them one now. (F.) CHARADE. In early Spring, one silent night, The bold Sir Wilfred strayed
Beneath his lady's lattice bright, To sing a serenade. He sat him down upon my First, And there his loving lay rehearsed. A silvery mist hung o'er the scene, Where thus he breathed his vows; And dewdrops gemmed the herbage green, And decked the budding boughs. But ah ! Sir Wilfred should have reckoned The grass was sure to be my Second. Next morn he did his foot-page call, And bade at once repair To gay Lord Guthlac's festive hall, And him this message bear- "Tell hib I'be ill-upol by soul- Al cal't to-dight atteld by Whole !" You see poor Sir Wilfred got such a bad cold he could hardly speak plain. Let that be a warning to you little people, not to trust too much to the appearance of the weather and go dancing out in thin shoes, or without wraps or caps. For the climate is very treacherous during this month and the next. My next puzzle refers to the weather I have just described. (G.) A PICTORIAL RHYME. I shall next, at the request of several of my little correspondents, give you-
(H.) A LOGOGRIPHE. I am a word of five letters, meaning the products of needlework. My I, 3, 4, is short for a Christian name; my 5, 2, 3, is water; my 4, 3, is a parent; my 5, 3, 4, 2, is identical ; my 4, 3, 5, I, is a religious ceremony; my 2, 4, I, is a well- known place abroad; my 4, 2, 1, 5, is com- parison; my 3, I, 5, is a quadruped ; my 3, 5, is an ancient coin ; my 4, 2, is the objective of a pronoun; my 2, 5, i, is the name of a perfume ; my 3, 4, is present tense of a verb. Now I really think that this month there is no very great difficulty to overcome. It is very hard to decide what degree of difficulty there should be; for when the puzzles are easy, some of you think they are too easy, and if they are a little more hard next month, others complain ; so that I am very much in the position of the old man and his son and the donkey, in A7sop's Fables. With one more puzzle I will now wind up for the month. It is- (I) A PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. In this the two whole words are contained In the oval at the top. From the initials and finals of the other pictures, taken in order, ', 2, 3, and so on, you must discover what those whole words are.
WVe now come to the lists of solutions and. solvers :- SOLUTIONS. A. Puzzle Valentine :- If you love me as I love you, No knife shall cut our love in two. B. Picture proverb :-Awl, ale, owed, donna, will in G, horse.-All lay load on a willing horse. C. Diamond Puzzle :-Cupid and Taper. C BUD TAP ER FIG D D. Lines on February :-The lit, Tell, W o'er blurs,* bee, g in 2 billed, And warm, ly, line, The, N's'ed, S with eggs, T hat, may, beef, ill D, When, Times, r, fin E. The little warblers begin to build, And warmly line The nests, with eggs that may be filled When times are fine. E. Six buried seeds :-I. Be' a nice ; 2. escape any; 3. turn I /aid; 4. offer a. disk ; 5. them us tardily ; 6. acres sown.-r. Bean, 2. pea, 3. turnip, 4. radish, 5. mustard, 6. cress. r Double Acrostic :-Birds' nests :-Bun,. Ice, Rats, Dirt, Scissors. G. Prevaricating Participles :-C, seeding; A, lighting; N, camping; B, longing; X, selling; D, noting. IL Puzzledom Valentine :- The rose, is, read, the viol, lets, blew, Car, nations, suite, and, sew, r, yew. The rose is red, the violet's blue, Carnation's sweet, and so are you. I. Enigma :-Beau, Bo ! Bow. For LK and I see answers. The following have answered all puzzles. correctly 1 :- Emma and Cousin Anne ; Elsie Wilkins: Clara and Herbert C. J. Powell; Harry Hotspur; Edith Budden : Clarita ; Princess Sheila; Pendragon; V. A. P. ; Neddums and Bee; Penmorva; Ursa Minor; Edmonds, Damas, and Co.; Innes. The following have answered those puzzles * In the original drawing there were several smudges beneath the W. to make " W o'er blurs." but the engraver, in spite of directions written on the block, cut them out, and so made the puzzle utterly meaningless. t I have, of course, not counted D, though some have guessed all but the " w o'er blurs."
<if which the initials in italic are attached to their names :- Willie Horton, A CE FPHI ; Mary Henrietta, A C F ;1: Jack and Jill, C F G H; H.S M: C E; Fanny Hall, A C FF1I; Fame, A CE F G I; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, A CD ES H I; Valentine and Daisy, A CE F I; Lile- bulero, A C D E G H; Monkey, CE FH I; Wilhelmina, CE FH I; Emily Kate, E; T. C. Hughes, A CDEG III; Alice and Florence Humphreys, A C E F II 1; Erin, C ; Primrose, A BCE F H I; Bud, Blossom, and Berry, A CE F H I; Rustic, CE F H I; The March Hare, A F G H; J. and J. Williamson, A CE G H I; Organblower, A CE F1 G H I; Bessie, A C F H I ; Die Zauberfiite, A CE FH I : Tweedledum, A DE F G I; Mary, Connie, and Eddie, .4 C E F G H: The Brat, A CE F H; Padishah Doodeen, A B C E FHI; Snowdrop, F; O. Wheeler, A CE 1' H; Amy Ellen Stephens, A CE F H I; Mabel E. Walmisley, ACE F II I: Mary Angela Bright, A CE F H I; Gertie and Katie, A C F H; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, A CE FG HI; A. M. Y., .4 CE F H ; E. M. Cooper, A FS H ; Periwinkle, ACE HI; Mabel Peake, A CEHI: Lily, Annie, and Susie Rowe, A C E F H I; Marion Maud, A C E F H; The Corsair, AE F G HII; Minnie and Pheenie, A CDE F H:; Hum- 'ning Bird, A C E F H I; May Tatum, A C F Ii; Paul and Virginia, A B3 C F HI; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, A C G H: J. and G. Macdonald, A B C E F I I; Ourang Outan, C E F H I; Jumping Jehosophat, A B F G H I; Bertie Rodway, AE F HI ; Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse, Al F I / : Toby, A CE F1 H I; Ella, C E G; Effie and Ally, A CE H I; Edith Emily Harris, A CE FHI; Christina McDiarmed, AE F PH I: Holly and Mistletoe, A B C E G If; The Graces, A CE F I ; Norah Emmeline Bowcutt, A CEG F I 1; M. Hope, CE F I; Edith Cadogan, A C D F 11 I; Red Queen, A C E F II I; Mother Cary's Chickens, A E HI; Blanche, A C F FH 1; Freddie Burghard, A E H; Myosotes, A C E 1! ; Ellen Wade, A E; Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice Baldwin, ACE G H I; J. A. F. M., A C E F IJ I; Kitty Merry, A CE F I ; Unadella, E F; Amy Measor, E F" I; Dor- niouse, CE F I; Lilian and Gertrude, .1 B C F H I; Gemini, A E F H I; Alice's Oak Tree, A B C E F PH I; The Doctor's Little Daughter, A C F F H I; Cornubia, A F IF H: Amy and Constance, A CE F G 1H I; Buttercup andtDaisy, A - F H; White Queen, C E; Chum, A CFI/ I: Wills, A EIl I: Laura Marie Jackson, E I I; Tarquin and Trumpeter, C E F H I; Fleur de Lys, A C E H1I ; Ilfracombe Bouquet, A CE H; Madge, A CE F FG HI; Lenore, A B CDE " I; Fanny Barclay, A C E F H/I; Punch and Judy. A 1B C G H I; Margarette and Dora Sharpe, A C E F If; Rosebud, A C E SI; Eddie Sullivan, A CE F H II: Winifred Sullivan, A C E F G H I; Trois smcurs, A BCE F: Emmie, A CE F I: Marta, A C E F H I; Sunshine, A CE I; : Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, A B C E F H I: Adela, A C E I'" II; Fran- cesca T., A C E F H; Celestine, ,A C F F I/ I; Honora. A F F H I; Florence Mary Scallon, A F 1 H; Severn, .1 C DE F PG I/I ; W. E. and J. Thornton, AE ES It ; Cat, Pug. and Fudge, A C ES G 11; Marion Fox, A C E 1, If I; M. F. B., A B C E H ; Beatrice Emily Gill, IF I; Weather- cock, A. F /7H I; Helen of Troy, AI B C DS F I I ; Ardy, C P1 1, H; Lecho, A C IH II; Edith Mary Glover, A C E F If I; H. E. Upton, A B C F F I ; Carrie, Ella, and May, A C F If 1 1; George Smetham, CE ,F G 1/ 1; Gertie and Katie. 1; Nellie and L. Webster, A C F H II W. Smece, A CEF II I; Lallie, A C D I F ; Witnifred Eyres, A C E F I; Darby and Joan, A B C E P 1I/I ; H. S. J. V. T., A C E SI/ I; Willie Mac, A F; Mary Ethel Carrington, C]: Emily Agnes, A B C FH 1; Emmeline, C E; Ethel and Fritz Lucas, C ; F If I; Rochylus, Sophocles, and Euripides, ; Carrie and Kittie, A C F F G H I; Lilian, A C; 'hree Bears, A C EFI' I ; Katie Glassford, A F II; Mab, AE I : Mary Hewitt, CE F H I; Amy and Maggic, A C F C I/ : Gowny, C E; Maude Mary, CE F G II /1; Lillie M., C l F H/; Goosequill and Two Geese, A C F H I : Constance Ellis, AC E F H; Yorkshire Lassie, AC E F (G H I; Emerald, F ; Bertha Nevill, A C F ' H I; Lilla and E. Hut- ton, A B CE I: Mabel E., Dharwar, A C F f H; Frisky Frank, A CE H; W. Evans, FII 1; Ida Aitken, A E / : Florence Jewell, AE I' G 1 1; Bayleaf, A C I' II ; W. and J. Thomson, CF I1 ; F. M. Ellis, A C 1) F 1 : Ellen Llewellyn, A ; Dorothy Tylor, A CIG f I; Ada Mason, C F If I; Ming Ping, A B E F; Irish Ivy, A C F 1'; Annie and Bertha Taylor, A C E; Dorothy, A C I 1F G l I; Dolly Norten, A C F H I; Nelly Lewis, A C E G / I; Andromache and Hector, A CE F G H1; Alice, Kittie. and Nellie, A E I I; Beatrice and Ethel Nightingale, C E ; Kidley, Guy, Speck. and Rob, A F 11: A. H. O . S. E ; Woodbine, A CE F I ; Mary Blanche Hayward, CE F GC H 1; Frisky, A C F F G IH 1; Flora and Aurora, A B C I) E G Ii: Jumping Jack. A CEH I: Rosa Sillitoe, A C F P H; Marion Leslie, A (C E F I I; Maggie Croall, A CE F H ; G. D. Sharp, A C E F G H I; Amy Vigurs, A C F H; A. C. Spencer, CE H; Cymro, A E F I ; Arthur Tonge, C E F I /; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A CE F H I; Dora Jones, A CE FG H I; J. A. Marigold, CEH I; Buskin' Burn, A C F P.I I; Lelia Terni, A E H; Snowdrop and Crocus, C F H; R. D. Purves, A C F F H I; Alice Berrington, A C F P 11 I; Edith and
Isabel 1Mayrick, A C E G H I; Ada and Annie, A CEFGYHI Minnie and Kittie Inamells, A C E F H; W. and D. Shearer A E FHI ; A. M. T., A CE F H I; Nellie and Edit Stevens, F F G; Laburnum, Clematis, and Canariensis A C ES; Ada M. Dyson, ACE F H I; Alex and Llew, A CE F H I; Lucy Maine, A E F H I; Nesta, C E; Katie Abbot A C E F HI; Frank Arnold, A C E F G H I; D. Earnsha A CE FHI; Simon de Montfort, A CE H; Thedi, Daynora: and Tibeer, A C E F ; Clara Cecilia Porter, A C EFHI Ojerina, A C E H; Paupukkeewis, A C E F I; Princess Ilse AE F H; Astrxa, A E E H I; Jessie Graham Robertson, E; L. L. Nicholls, A CE H; Deborah Dottie, A CE FHI. Lizzie, E; Lilias, E F H; Pussie Secunda, A C E F I 1 Claude Lowe, A CE F H; Alice Pace, C; Buzzing Bee, E; Galloon, H; Mossrose, A CE F G H I; Aggie Wylie, . CE F H I; Fridzwede, C E F H; Alice Wade, A E F; Adeline, CE F; Cingala, A CE SI I; Kamuk Toonmee, C; Annie Gertrude Drew, A CE H; Colin, A CE F; Katie and Mary Elgin, A CE F H IC I: PBee and Pollywog, C E FH; Maggie Mary Borland, A CE F I; M. Paterson, A C EHI; J. K. F. Cleave, E; Alice Stronach, A B C E F H I; Kitten, AC E F G II I; Scruffy, C E IF H; Amy and Lizzette, E I; Polyanthus and Henny Penny, A CE F G H I ; Ella and Miss A CEFH; C. F. and G. G. Kirkland, A CEE'; Chrissy W. A E F H; Carolus, A E H; Luigia, A CE F G H I; Sallie, Dollie, Kit, and Punch, C E F" G H I; Minnie \., A CE G H 1; Henry C. Johnstone, A C E F; Drake, Duck, and Pig. AC E F' H I; Codling and Ada, A E H; Lalla Rookh, AE F H; Chestnut, A C E FHI ; Nettie, A E F G HI; Coquette, A C E; Mabel Ellis, A E I' H I; Edith Lack, . C F H I; C. E. Allan, A C E H ; : Lucy Morris, C E F H Arbroath, (no signature !), A B CE F fH 1; Busy Bee, A C E; W. H. Rankine, A E; Emily Rudd, E; Gussie, A CE /II; Wildrake, A C E F; H; Edgeler Blake, A CE F HI; G. and S. Dunbar, A C E H; Topsy \V., A C E F II; Poker and 'longs, : CE IG G H i; Annie Townsend, A C F G III; M. Stephens, A CE G 1 I; Alice Freemantle, E '; Lucunamo, A C E F H I; Sweet Briar, C E ; Wlhite Mouse, E; Smoke, ABCEFIfI. To (K) " A Garland of Spring Flowers"I have had a great many answers, and some of them are very good. But a few of my little folks have missed their chance by inserting most unmistakeable summer flowers; and one of my objects in giving the theme was to test the actual observation of young people's eyes, because if they go through this beautiful world without using them they wvill miss some of the best and purest enjoy- ments of life. I shall print the lines of Alice Free- mantle : (K') A GARLAND OF SI'ING FLowsIRS. I'll weave me a chaplet to bind in my hair, Of the earliest flowers of spring : They 'shall come from the lanes and the meadows fair, Where I've oft heard the merry birds sing. The daisy '11 be there, and the celandine bright, With its petals of amber and gold; And its rival, the Ibuttercup, glad to the sight, Shall among them its beauty unfold. And that sweet little flower I love so to see, The anemone graceful and pure: With these I will make me a crown in my glee, And be " Queen of the May," I am sure.
In the First . Class I include Gemini; Madge; Winifred Sullivan; Pendragon; Alice Berrington, and A. M. P.; in the Second Class, Edith Budden; Fleur de Lys; Alice Stronach; Edith; and Isabel Meyrick; Ada and Annie; Penmorva; and Mab. In the Third I place Cingala; Unadilla ; Minnie W.; Cat, Pug, and Fudge; ,Eschylus, Sophocles, and Euripides; Nelly Lewis, and Dora Tones; and I commend Edgeler Blake; Organblower; Die Zauberflote ; Nettie ; Blanche; Amy and Maggie; Mary Blanche Hayward; Beatrice Nightingale; Marion Leslie: Lucy Maine; and School-girl. I am half inclined to add Gussie in spite of some false concords, for she seems very young to judge from her handwriting; and if so, her lines are creditable. Lallie loses her chance by coupling " turn" and "eterne " as rhymes ; as Edith S. does With "borne" and "gone." H. E. Upton's Alphabetical Garland is very ingenious, but he has had to go a long way beyond Spring for some letters. Eddie Sullivan is far too practical ever to write such pretty verses as his sister, but his last verse is irresistibly quaint- Blue-bells shook out pretty chimes In the olden fairy times, And (I want another line) Cowslips still make jolly wine. In (L) Blank Rhymes, although I have had one or two very good essays, I have been rather disappointed on the whole ; as I thought the subject one that appealed to all young folks, and the rhymes were very easy. In the First Class come Winifred Sullivan; Pennmorva; Unadilla; and Chim ; in the Second, Nelly Lewis; G. D. Sharp ; Peri- ainkle, and Die Zauberflote; in the Third, Adela; Pendragon; Lallie; Neddums and Bee; Gemini; Laura Marie Jackson ; Poly- anthus and Henny Penny; Pussie Secunda; Edith Budden ; Edith Cadogan ; Blanche; and the Red Queen. The commended are ,Iaude Mary; Marion Leslie; Daymora; Lucy Maine; Fleur de Lys; Baby May; Mary, Connie, and Eddie; Humming Bird; Christina McDiarmid; Eddie Sullivan ; The Iarch Hare; Rustic; and Lily, Annie, and Jessie Rowe. Edgeler Blake's alliterative attempt was tooambitious. Galloon speaks of a nest " as snug as shells that one picks up at Tun- bridge Wells," at which place shells are not, Sfar as I know, to be picked up. In two etances my young versifiers have varied elr metre, which is scarcely allowable in
two stanzas. For example, in one case the first line of the first stanza is Winter fast is flying now, The corresponding line of the second stanza is- Not so the lazy cuckoo builds her nest. In another case the first stanza runs- 'Tis the tune of birds in the woodlands now; While the second stanza begins- And now behold their end-a perfect nest. If all would follow the example of Poly- anthus and Henny Penny, who puts at the foot " metre, --.. ----.-," or as I should write it for you " di dum, didi d/an, didi dium, didi dino," they would find it very much easier to keep their verses going in order. I gave you instructions about verse at the beginning of Puzzledom, but I shall help you, I think, if I give you a line from the verses I allude to, with the metre- The eggs to the fledg lings and then to the wing, di dum, di di dirn di di duni di di dIrm Another improvement would be to try and look at the subjects from a fresh point. With the exception of Winifred all have given a bald description of birds building and lay- ing, but she makes the hen-mother speak, and tell her neighbour-birds news of her nest. I discover this month, as usual, every rule and wish and warning I have expressed has been neglected by some one or other. I hardly expected after the warning about a short month and Valentine's Day, I should have had so many letters sent in too late; and I must say once for all in answer to entreaties to be " forgiven this once," that I cannot depart from the rule of the r5th; first of all, because it would be unfair to those who are in time, and secondly, be- cause the number of letters I receive will not allow me to delay my work for the printer. Now I come to my letters-what a lot of Valentines I have had! I never had so many before, and I certainly never had such pretty ones, for they have been of all sorts. Ursa Minor cleverly turned her solutionsinto the shape of a heart and dart; Menelaus and Balbus sent me two very quaintly con- structed Valentines. Baby May and some one else from Ilfracombe have sent me a
couple, one very prettily painted, and Tweedledum has etched a re-arrangement of the initial to last month's Puzzledom most ingeniously. One or two illuminations of the same letter, a little Cupid in a wreath of real ivy, a bunch of violets, as well as some other Valentines' of real flowers, and a host of other pretty fancies, including a beautiful feather from Tunis, have reached me. Nor must I forget my "nut-brown maid," a penwiper damsel with a cashoo-nut head. I must thank Penmorva, too, for the kind thought of making a Valentine of her carte, and that of her brother; and Maud Woodhouse and Mabel Stanton for a very funny picture of myself surrounded by my pets, and perplexed by my own puzzles ! With regard to my letters, I may begin by saying that, if those little people who want me to write in birthday books, will enclose with them stamped and directed covers, I shall be very happy to do so. I may also note that any of my correspondents can change their names, but must run the risk of losing any credit they may have won with the first sobriquct. In answer to Katie Abbott, who says, "Are you Oxford or Cambridge ? I am the former," I may say, " So am I !" though young ladies did not go to Oxford in my time, so that her announcement a little sur- prised me! Astrea will see on reflection that the prize does what she suggests. Trois soeurs must send me their address, or I cannot comply with their wish; and Rosa Sillitoe will perceive how greatly her proposi- tion would increase my labours. Honora must not be discouraged if her first attempt in verse is not successful. I thank her for the offer of a pen-and-ink-drawing, and will leave the subject to her. Sunshine is right about the Annual; but she must not believe that story about people buying defaced stamps. To Andromache and Hector I have to reply that "Hood's Own" was written by my father; and to Clara Russell I must suggest a search through the back numbers of Puzzle- dom-a practice which most of my Pilgrims might indulge in with profit at times. H. E. U. will see that the length of an essay must depend less on the size of the paper than of the handwriting. I can really give him no guide. Winifred Eyres has many questions to ask, and I will reply as briefly as I can. (K.) and (L.) will, to some degree, count to- wards the prize, with the other answers. Without these they would be nowhere. I can recommend her to study the book she names, as I hope it would be of assistance to her. I don't think Puzzledom Pilgrims should tell one another the answers they!
have guessed, unless they are working in acknowledged partnership. I must not forget to acknowledge the receipt of a set of beautifully cut-out paper figures from Clara Cecilia Porter, who has a remarkable talent for very fine work of the kind. I should recommend her to cut them out of black paper, as they would be more effective. On the question of pets, .and especially canaries, I have several letters. I think Kittie will find that there is little difference in the singing qualities of the variously coloured canaries; but I believe that the best songsters are not by any means always the best plumaged birds of their kind. If she lives in London she had better go to Mr. Hawkins of Bear Street, Leicester Square; and tell him the price she will give, and if she leaves it to him, he will give her the best he has for the money, as I know, having dealt with him for years. I think if Marion Fox wants to have her canaries lay, she had better get younger birds than she has. I don't know whether Tett's canary is bald because she gives him too much hemp-seed, or because some disease or parasite has attacked him. Emily Rudd's bird will pro- bably soon learn to sing again if kept within hearing of a bird in song. Canaries after moulting seem sometimes quite to lose and forget their old note. But perhaps it is a hen, and if so is not likely to sing. Lenore will get a siskin or a redpole (without the cage) for the price she names. They are bold and tame little birds. It is long since I have had a dormouse, but I think they should have apple, and not water or milk to drink. Fanny Hall's goldfish, which "lies still at the bottom and only moves now and then," will, I fear, be dead before this is in print. There is no doctoring sick fishes unluckily; but good, clean gravel at the bottom of the bowl, and either weed or fre- quent change of water will act as preventives of disease. I should say Ardy's piebald rats will not be very particular about diet, but bread and milk will keep them sweeter than animal food. I do not know enough about seaweeds to tell Adelaide Spencer if there is a blue one ; but I don't fancy there is. Annie E. Suter's question, ",When isit time to put seeds in the ground ?" is a very wide one, to which I can only answer, generally, in the spring, and not when there is frost in the ground. I have a Jerusalem rose sent me for Lallie if she will send her address. With regard to the other pnrizes, the proprietor of " Good Things " promises me full particulars by next month. With that, .;good-bye, little people, till next month.