99. CHARADE.
Beneath the primal soldiers sleep, To dream of battles fought and won, And sentinels their vigils keep, When Sol his daily courso hath ruu. And in the morn prepared for war, Each heart devoid of every four, Tho sound of second from afar, Falls gently, softly, on the ear. Of all the heroes known to fame. My total gives the name of onc, Who nobly earned a deathless name, 'Neath far off India's burning sun. Jons StmriKY. 10\ FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A period of time curtailed aud a response; 2. precise and a flower; 3. a bird and a goad ; 4. a colour and a hollow vessel ; 5. congealed vapour and a pendant ; 6. a tree and a wine ; 7. a conserve and a cluster ; 8. a capture aud an insect ; 9. a vital part of the- body, a letter, and repose ; 10. part of the car and illness reversed. W. J. Eolintos. PICTORIAL REBUS. v/n О !.. s 101. TRIPLE ACROSTTC. Initials, centrals, finals, these will name Three provinces, each of no moan renown ; They form an empire which may well lay claim, To be the brightest gem in England's crown. 1. You have heard of this place, aud have passedit "na doot," If you've been to the East by the " Overland Route." 2. A noblo charity, whose aim's to bless, And educate and feed tho fatherless. 3. femi-idlotio after sundry glasses, Nodding to the men and winking at tho lasses. ·?. A celebrated navigator next wo have, Whose namo is given to an Arctic islo—his grave. 5. A land of wooely hill anel rocky glen, Whose peoplo arc a race e»f warlike men. 6. A river of Holland, explicit I'll be, Which by two channels eaters the Zuyder Zee. Ab Initio. 102. HIDDEN RIVERS. Have you eeen tho skates the boy neglected, Ethel ? Bertie broke tho strap anel burst our kito, which Richard, our old proom, thought wo needed on the road. H. C. Palmi r.
PICTOBIAL REBUS. ANT Π I 8 Ш 103. PUZZLE CHARADZ. Take a small piece of paper, or parchment instead, And cut out a figure with foot, hand, aud head ; 'Tis my luafc. And now, if your scissors you'll lake, Anel cut olf its foot, then my /?iird you will make. Take your scissors again anel pray cut off its baud,— Very good. And now on its head let it stand. 'Tis my first. Now to fiuish it, off with its head ; 'Tis no longer my first but my second instead. My wliole is a mystery, pray do not doubt it, It is yours, it is mine, we could not live without it. 104. ENIGMA. What went right in my house and etopped there, but did not go there, and so came back again, and when back, went again, but didn't stop. V. V. Answers to the above will appear in No. 21.