PUZZLES. ORIGINAL AND SELECTED.
PICTORIAL ANAGRAM PROVERB-PUZZLE. The answer is a proverb of five words. Each numeral beneath the pictures represents a letter in the word of the proverb indicated by that numeral,-4 showing that the letter it designates belongs to the fourth word of the proverb, 3 to the third word, and so on. Find a word that describes each picture, and contains as many letters as there are numerals beneath the picture itself. This is the first pro- cess. Then put down, some distance apart, the figures I, 2, 3, 4, 5, to correspond with the words of the proverb. Group beneath figure 4 all the letters designated by the numeral 4 in the numbering beneath the pictures (since, as already stated, all the letters there designated by the numeral 4 belong to the fourth word of the pro- verb). You will thus have in a group all the letters that the fourth word contains, and you then will have only to transpose those letters in order to form the word itself. Follow the same process of grouping and transposition in forming each of the remaining words of the proverb. Of course, the transposition need not be begun until all the letters are set apart in their proper groups.-St. Nicholas.
II. LES OISEAUX CACHES. MY DEAR. MAGGIE,-The Fowlers had such a pleasant little gathering last night in Gale's Grove. It is a lovely spot. A little brook runs quite near, and we could hear it rushing along its tiny bed. After a short walk from the entrance of the grove, a wider avenue opened before us. Here the branches hang low, rendering a grateful shade to picnic parties, but on this occasion they were covered with Chinese lanterns. Soon after tea glee upon glee was sung. There was no gossip, not an atom, tittle-tattle being prohibited; but a noted wag, "Tailor Tom," seemed to afford much amusement. The guests might have spent hours in robing, the toilettes were so brilliant. I noticed that plumes and feather trimming prevailed. There was quite a crowd by eight o'clock, but all was over at ten, the entertainment being concluded with chorus and overture by Clarke's Band. The whole thing was so much liked, they hope to have another on the first public holiday. Have you any curiosity as to the names of those present ? If you read this again dear Mag, piecemeal fashion, or sentence by sentence, you will have a correct list. Affectionately yours, MARY FRANKLIN. Nettingwood Park, Hawkestone. III. QUOTATION PUZZLE. Take one word from each of the following quotations, and form a quotation from Tennyson : '. " Flowers do not suit me any more." 2. " Life's fairest things are those which seem." 3. "Triumph and toil are twins." 4. " Heir of all the ages, I, Heir of all that they have wrought." 5. " The way to conquer men is by their pas- sions." 6. " Scale the walls of heaven with prayer." 7. " He builded better than he knew." 8. " A sacred burden is this life ye bear." 9. " Weep not that the world changes." to. " Dreams are the children of an idle brain." SI. " Money makes a hero of a clown." IV. TRANSPOSITIONS OF PROPER NAMES. I. At- , Fla., may be obtained - -- for washing purposes.
2. Are not the public - small in the State of - ? 3. In - you may not see - - , though you certainly will see many in Pennsyl- vania. 4. Amid the mountains of - there is doubt- less many a - 5. Having occasion to visit the city of-, to my surprise I - - , except a few worn- out - -- 6. If you wish to find or to ---trees, you need not go to -. 7. When in-- City I saw an old - , which was quite a relic. 8. In the city of - the cooks surely know how to-- 9. - , my brother, - the falsehood by giving it a flat -. to. My aunt -- planted a rose-bush - allotted to fruit trees. V. CHARADE. On Plevna's blood-stained side, With brandished sword, and eager eye, My flrt, the Turkish leader cried, And led his gallant troop to die. In circle vast, where sea and sky Commingle kindred hues- My second holds his flag on high,- His courage sing, O muse i Behold yon choir of Grecian maids, With regal port and step so proud; They seek yon temple's sacred shades, And shout my third aloud. My whole its swelling bosom spreads, Where Northern summers shine; , Nor could wintry winds, with blast so dread, Its swelling waves confine. VI. LITERARY ENIGMA. I am composed of 26 letters. My 23, 13, 20, 8, I, 3, I I, 5, I8, I, 25, is a novelist. My 2, 15, 26, is the nom de plume of another novelist. My 6, 15, 24, is an English orator. My 17, 21, 9, 14, 3, 25, is an American orator. My 16, 9, is a printer's term. My 10, 7, 8, 15, 12, 12, 1, 14, 4, is a modern writer and editor. My 22, 9, 19, is the Latin name for a very good quality in writers. My whole" is necessary to writers. VII. BEHEADINGS. I. Behead a household utensil and leave a cottage. 2. A part of the body and leave a tree. 3. A thing of little value and leave a weapon.
4. To control and leave to dwell. 5. To suppose and leave to begin. 6. A high dignitary and leave to recite. 7. A migratory bird and leave to roll. 8. A support and leave a kind of shoe. 9. To ramify and leave a hut. Io. A kind of garment and leave an insect. 11. A kind of oil and leave a lazy fellow. 12. A bird and leave a gallant. 13. A heavy body and leave a number. 14. Ladies and leave a sign. 15. Active and leave a place of sale. 16. An animal and leave a frame. 17. Part of an anchor and leave a disciple. 18. B3oundless and leave a step. 19. To unfold and leave to confine. VIII. RESERVED BLANKS, (Fill the blanks with the same words reversed.) I. Is the in the -? 2. Even a will - do. 3. A - is the right shape, - it is too large. 4. I have -; have you, ---? 5. It - this I last week. 6. - , it is - the table. IX. CHARADE. My frst may signify beauty or power ; They adorn alike both villa and tower; And whether in pairs or in dozens they stand, All look as if formed by theself same hand. My second is only a very small word That keeps frt and third in proper accord ; My third is a hero of hoary renown, Whose exploits and feats caused wonder pro- found, And legends and myths still cling to his name, The ivy and moss that keep green his fame ; My whole has in history a prominent part, And marks a strong place on the mariner's chart ; It bristles with guns, with troops, and with guard, That o'er the whole region keep watch and ward. What is it ? please tell us, is it cape or bay? And what is the meaning its name may convey ? X. A COMMON ADAGE. XI. DOUBLE CROSS-WORD ACROSTIC. THE WHOLE. Brothers are we, alike in form and mien, Sometimes apart, but oft together seen. One labors on, and toils beneath his load; The other idly follows on the road.
One parts the sleeping infant's rosy lips ; The other veils the sun in dark eclipse. One rises on the breath of morn, with scent Of leaf and flower in fragrant incense blent ; The other's wavering aspiration dies And falls where still the murky shadow lies. At hospitable boards my first attends, And greets well pleased the social group of friends ; But if my second his grim face shall show, How dire the maledictions sent below I Yet there are those who deem his presence blest, A fitting joy to crown the social feast, " And make for him a quiet, calm retreat, Where friends with friends in loving concourse meet. CROSS-WORDS. I. Two brothers ever keeping side by side, The closer they are pressed the more do they divide. 2. Brothers again unite their ponderous strength, Toiling all day throughout its tedious length. 3. I never met my sister; while she flies I can but follow, calling out replies. 4. A casket fair, whose closely covered lid A mother's hope, a nation's promise, hid. 5. A plant once used to drive sharp pain away, Not valued greatly in the later day, Except by those who fly when they are ill To test the virtues of a patent pill. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN OCTOBER NUMBER. I. CHARADE.-Bride-well. II. A WOOD-PILE.-Beech, ash, maple, oak, pine, larch, willow, elm, fir, cedar. III. AN ACROSTIC.--M u M An nA DeeD A vA Mi niM IV. RIDDLE.-A V. REBus.-Condone.
VI. REVERSIBLE DIAMOND. R NED REGAL DAD L [Reversed.] L DAD LAGER DEN R VII. CHARACTERISTIC INITIALS.-I. Edgar Allen Poe. 2. Letitia Elizabeth Landon. 3. Harriet E. Hosmer. 4. Israel Putnam. 5. Fitz-Greene Halleck. 6. Henry W. Longfellow. 7. Isaac Newton. VIII. POETICAL PI : Enjoy the spring of love and youth, To some good angel leave the rest, For Time will teach thee soon the truth, There are no birds in last year's nest." IX. DROP LETTER PuzzLE.-Truth fears nothing but concealment. X. PUZZLE BOUQUET.--I. Foxglove. 2. Hawk, weed. 3. Tuberose. 4. Candytuft. 5. Snap- dragon. 6. Wall-flower. 7. Sweet-pea. 8. Balsam (Ball Sam). 9. Snowdrop. Io. Marigold (Marry Gold). XI. MAGIC DOMINO SQUARE.-The diagram shows one method of arranging dominoes. But the puzzle can be solved by two or three other arrangements. g 00,01e* -e 60o 0 * £ * a -.o - -