PUZZLE PAGE.
ENIGMA. HERE'S a wonderful structure, of which I can tell, 7 This structure, I think you all know very well, One box, and two lids, in this structure you'll find, Then two caps you can look for, if you have the mind, Some musical instruments now can be found, And some carpenter's articles if you look around. Now some measures we find that always are true, I can tell well what these are, I wonder can you ? Two fish, much esteemed, if you look for you'll see, And a number much smaller-now what may these be ? Two trees standing tall, so gracefully bow, Two flowers that bloom, I can see them both now, There are fruits that are prized on this island of ours, Then two playful creatures make merry the hours, And numbers of others, so many there be, 'Twere folly to count them, for you or for me. Two halls of devotion, they stand on each side, Their fine polished surface 'tis silly to hide. Then what weapons of war we have here ! There are two: Without them, I do not know what we should do. There are weathercocks here-too many to count, I can give no idea of what their amount; And tavern steps, too, what can these be I wonder? They are always together and yet they're asunder. In the great House of Commons, the Speaker names this, Is he sometimes without it? in London, 'twere bliss ! Two laughing young scholars, now look bright and gay, I can see my reflection within them each day. Half a score Spanish worthies before us now stand, They wait on us, kindly, with foot and with hand. What spicy production has come from the east ?
(This is shared by most creatures, by man and by beast). Before me the spheres ! what are these now I pray ? Contracted in size small as marbles are they, There are scourges above and scourges below, I wonder what these are-now do you not know? A badge of true Royalty now may be seen, We most of us carry this badge I ween An animal true, untiring fleet Most precious and kept in the inmost retreat; Now, tell me, I pray, what may this structure be ? We all of us know it, my readers and me. Answers to Puzzles on Page 320. RIDDLE-ME-REES. I. Cockatoo. j 2. Grasshopper. DIAMOND PUZZLE. C ILL CLOCK ICE K DROP LETTER PUZZLE. It was the schooner Hesperus That sailed the wintry sea, And the skipper had taken his little daughter To bear him company. GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. Dear Victoria, It is very nice here, Carolina and Adelaide went to see Mr. Villiers, he has become quite a NVaturalist and very fond of Botany. A terrible catastrophe happened the other day; my cousin, Sydney, fell off a little rock on the top of a precipice, and was killed; his possessions are left to his brother; of course, his wife is in great tribulation. Aunt E/izabeth has promised me an amber necklace; my sister, Maarion, and my brother, George, have got a canary each, which uncle Clarence gave them. Now, I must say adieu, My darling, Your loving, MAY.