PUZZLE PAGE. -It
PUZZLE. RIDDLE-ME-REE. Y first is in sleep, but not in nap; My second in apron, but not in cap; My third is in arch, but not in curve; My fourth is in help, but not in serve; My fifth is in dark, but not in light; My sixth is in red, but not in white; My seventh is in eat, but not in drink; My eighth is in edge, but not in brink; My ninth is in joy, but not in glee; And last is in money, but not in fee; My whole is a flower, pretty oft to be seen; It's blossoms are red and white, its leaves, of course, green. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. AMIDST huge animals and fierce I dwell, Where waving, feathery trees abound; This double acrostic here my style will tell, And name to you in words and numbers round. If e'er to me you would a visit pay, 'Tis westward you will find my fair abode; This frst, here see, a help upon the way, Nor scorn a common friend upon the road. 2. If not that first, this second offers help; This new friend westward will most surely find Whate'er awaits thee, at the end thy self, Numerous kindred spirits of his kind. 3. My first and last, when reached, the journey ends, When lo ! it then appears this third abounds; So very chaste its use, good taste commends, And altogether well to fame redounds.
ANSWERS TO PUZZLES ON PAGE x6o. CHARADES. BEHEADED W'ORDS. I. Tea-chest. i. Snail, nail, ail. 2. Earnest. 2. Chair, hair, air. 3. Indolent. 3. Skate, kate, ate. AN ANONS IOUS AUTOBIOGRAPHY. Sound.
4. 'Midst waving, feathery trees, in peace you rest, And, resting thus, you sentimental grow; This fourth, link'd with long time, serves thoughts behest, To ages, wandering back, you dreaming go. 5. You think of working men, and ants, and bees, You think and ponder o'er and o'er again; This ffth puts in a claim and moralises, " Nought without me is done, that's very plain." 6. But what is this to mar our quiet rest- This sixth, this terror-striking band I see ? A scare, alarm, a dreaded southern pest, For all, there's but one thing left-to flee. 7. No fear that horrid band this pleasance wreak, Where were our wand'ring thoughts before the scare ? This seventh shortly notes a given epoch, "Come, come, shut up, nor lecture, please, now here." 8. Bien mon ami, change we the subject then Into the queen you may if it please you so; And if I did, this eighth it would become, But see, the end is nearing, off we go. 9. Well, I am ready for my dinner now; I'm sorry for you, friend, for here I see, To end with, truly nought I do avow, Not e'en a crowded, but a simple "T." My initials and finals read downwards form the name of a work of art of public interest.