PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
HERE, my young friends, is the photo- graph which Mr. Phancy took when you visited his studio last month. A very seasonable carte de visile it makes, too ! I suppose you have not forgotten the charade he proposed to you. Allow me to explain that it means " Wit ;" for you see " twice to thine " is double you=_ W, and " once to mine" is I, and of course " Congou " is T. You remember the unpleasant demon we saw enter Mr. Phancy's studio to have his portrait taken. He is, I hope, as yet per- sonally unknown to you youngsters, for he is Night-mare, the offspring of Indigestion and Heavy Suppers. He is known to the scientific by the classical name "Incubus"-and if you observe the photograph you will see a 'bus in Q. That is the way in which Phancy photo- graphs are taken, and now you know so much perhaps you will be able to make out the meaning of your carte. Let me see, we met the ex-Chancellor of the Puzzledom Exchequer, did we not ? and you were asked if you knew why the king dismissed him from office. You ought, by this time, to be able to understand the odd ways of Puzzledom sufficiently to perceive that he owed his downfall to the fact that he was guilty of such an " enormous waist of money. The Poet who gave us an Enigma concealed in it the word " Port," and the Conundrum which the Innkeeper propounded was " Quarter." It is scarcely necessary for me to go into a long explanation of the way in which the pair of Puzzlers twisted the words with comparatives and positives and by other ingenious devices. We wound up, you will remember, with a visit to the theatre, where we witnessed the production of a farce called " The Prevari-
cating Participles." This meant that they were all trying to deceive us as to the real meaning of their various actions. If you have discovered the plot of the piece, you will know that the performers were A-mending, N-chanting, D-riding, X-citing, S-courting, and B-leaving, examples of verbs connected with Reformation, Sorcery, Contempt, Vehe- mence, Courtesy, and Faith, instead of Patchwork, Song, Horsemanship, Gunnery, Love, and Flight. Before we start on our travels, I should like to get a Puzzledom Newspaper, and see what is stirring. Here comes a boy-just run and ask him for this morning's " Riddle- graph." Let us see what is stirring in the world! Well, for one thing, there has been a strike among the gas-stokers, and the "Riddlegraph " has a leading article upon it. It is described as a charade, and this is what it says:- CHARADE I. An Arab shepherd found my First In desert wastes astray, He gave it food, he slaked its thirst, And, in his bosom closely nursed, He carried it away. Sad was its Second to behold ! It needed food and rest; With fear it trembled and with cold ; -- But soon the shepherd sought the fold And bore it in his breast. The sky had neither moon nor star, As home his steps he bent; But soon his troubles vanished are, For clearly he beholds afar My Whole within his tent. I wonder whether any of you understand what that leader recommends under the circumstances of a strike of gas-stokers? Perhaps you will be better able to make out the meaning of this notice of a new song, which also comes under the head of a charade. If you can guess one you will not, I fancy, be very long in deciphering the other. But I must admit that Puzzledom newspapers are not quite as intelligible as ordinary journals. However, here's what is said about the song:- CHARADE 1I. Si rst. I went to a French Masquerade, Where people were kicking their heels up;
Till when, i should much be afraid, To say they kept polkas and reels up ! Second. I met a young person I knew ! His age had not yet got a teen in, Said I "Master Tomkyns, for you, This is scarcely a spot to be seen in . " Wl/le. Quoth he " I believe you are right, But I study my art con anore, And I have at a concert to-night To sing a short lyrical story." I also notice a very interesting paragraph in the Riddlegraph, which quotes from the examination papers proposed to law-students by the Benchers of the Middle Puzzle Temple. It will exercise your ingenuity to make head or tail of it. LAW EXAMINATION. In the first place the subject is a quadru- ped famous for its excellent fur, which by the way is of several colours. He is positive, but the man who assisted to carry the coffin on the melancholy occasion when " he died, and she married the barber " was compara- tively better off. But the barber, having shaved off his customer's hair, whiskers, eye- brows and even eyelashes, the morning after that celebrated ball when the " gunpowder ran out of the heels of.their boots," uninten- tionally conferred a superlative happiness on that odd-looking individual who seemed to think himself quite as great a personage as the Panjandrum himself. Luckily his pride had a fall, for a gentleman in a horsehair wig speedily demonstrated to him that he, the wigsman, was comparatively beyond even the superlative. I notice that our Puzzledom journals at times fall into that same error of writing what is called " fine English," which is so common a fault in ordinary papers. Here for instance is a bit of tall writing which compels one to call in the assistance of a ladder, in order to get up to its level. I'll only give you a few sentences :- TALL ENGLISH. The craw of a bird of horny substance on the foot bids an annual market to surpass the usual leaps. The apple of the eye of Adam Smith will rejoice that the beak of a bird in- troduced to emancipate us from the hind part of a ship tyranny of the farmer was not leaf-metalled by the small sailing vessels of those who wished to compel us to convenience for using force whatever small weight of them and of them alone.
There ! you don't often read greater notl- sense than that, I fancy ! But if you can only find the key to this " lock on the understand- ing" you will see its meaning clearly enough. But who comes here ? Oh, I told you we should meet with lots of monarchs, and this is one that is approaching us now. It's the King of Spades. His majesty is particularly gracious. "Now, then, boys " he shouts as he approaches, "who'll come out digging with me ! We shall make such wonderful discoveries -as will make Mr. Layard envious, throw the ex- plorations at Jerusalem into the shade, and compel Pompeii and Herculaneum to wish they had never been dragged out of their obscurity." One of our party objects to digging just now. He says it is hot dusty work and that he is parched with thirst. "Thirsty! " cries the King of Spades. " Pooh, why there are half a dozen rivers close at hand ! You don't see them? Take the spade and see if you cannot discover them in this little bit of a landscape." A LANDSCAPE, WITH SIX SUBTERRANEAN STREAMS. From the very first our attention is arrested by two snowy eminences, whose brows ever naked to the storm collect as it were a shroud-indeed by night they stand like sheeted ghosts watching in pity new generations sleeping beside the graves of their ancestors. I must confess that I, though I admire both, am especially struck with the calm power of the loftier peak. Within their very bosoms six lioted English streams are bound in frozen fetters. At this moment, luckily perhaps for our thirsty young friend, behold a damsel comes tripping past with her milk-pail. I have no doubt she will kindly give us a draught of the fresh frothing warm milk; and we can then without any fuirther delay accompany
the King of Spades to the locality where as he tells us six of the most famous cities in the world are buried. Quick march i Forward ! A smart walk of an hour brings us to the scene of our explorations. It is a melancholy picture of ruin and desolation. In the back- ground rises a gigantic volcano still venting smoke as if its wrath were not altogether appeased. Beside that colossus of mountains Popocatapetl and Chimborazo must hide their diminished heads. But let us be silent, for the King is about to describe the region to us, THE SITE OF SIX BURIED CITIES. Seldom if ever, O men who boast of your great works, have those works been as utterly annihilated as here. Every trace of them is swept away, as when some fated vessel is driven helpless on the reef, and breaker in mad wrath ensuing upon breaker, crushes her on the cruel rocks till not a spar is left, and just as, while the waves howl on, do no hopes of escape remain; so from that louring volcano as from some demoniac limbo stone ashes and lava came pouring on the doomed cities, until the whole number, linked in one deadly embrace, sank for ever from the sight of mankind ! As we wander over the scene of desola- tion we come at times upon a stray jackal, or startle a lean vulture from its seat on some lava crag or boulder of half-fused rock. And see-yonder rises a bird, which is not a bird of prey, though I must admit its appearance is very peculiar. Is there any one among you who knows enough of Natural History to give me the name of that bird ? The King of Spades hereupon calls out to us that if we are fond of Natural History he will show us a little sport. " There's capital hunting ground close by -bring your spades and in a very short time we will catch half-a-dozen burrowing animals in yonder meadow." A MEADOW CONTAINING SIX BURROWING ANIMALS. Here is a pleasant green undulating meadow, with here and there a mound of
earth just turned up so as to attest the truth of His Majesty's words. Our generalissimo uses his spade with a will. It will have to be a very rapid digger that escapes him-ah ! there's something alive. " There du bist," says the king in bad German, as he drags a little brown creature from its burrow, for us to wonder at. He asks us if we know what it is, and tells us to take care, for it has got terribly sharp teeth, and will bite to the bone. It is not very easy to determine what the creature's name is-stop-there was an animal ran by just that minute ! Didn't you see it ? Such a pretty little thing-you can guess its name in a minute if you see it, and it must be somewhere close at hand. Try to find it. The King of Spades next asks us if we have ever been to the Puzzledom Zoological Gardens. " They are a remarkable sight," he says, "for they contain such extraordinary animals as are not to be met with elsewhere. The Elephant, for instance, has a lock to his trunk, and keeps it in the aquarium, because it is a Chub. The Wild Boar, by the way, has recently become the father of a family. You will see the little gimblets running about the stye. They will grow up into big rough bores in time; unless they are reared in cannons, when they may turn out to be smooth bores. Let me see !" continued the king, looking at his watch, " this is Friday and it's just about the feeding time in the Reptile House. Come and see them feed the adder on six columns of figures, and then we can visit the rest of the beasts at leisure." Let us see in the meantime if you are pretty well read in Natural History, suppos- ing your parents were to enquire into your studies. If your mother, for instance, asked you where you would look for the South American lion, you ought to say "in church," -do you know why ? You hear that deep baying-go and look at that animal, and tell me why it resembles your mother when she is suffering from an attack of rheumatism. Ah, yonder goes the elephant-you can see his trunk. But remember you must not suppose that it is because he has a trunk that he is called a Pack-yderm. Then again you see that curious antelope, with a head like a buffalo, a neck and tail like a horse, a body and legs like a deer. He is called the Gnu, but you must not suppose it gets the name because, as Mr. Gordon Cumming relates, they are so gnu-merous that the herds often cover the plain on all sides as far as you can see. But come, here we are at the first cage.
.te NK' III --ý _ ý ý _ f
It contains five animals, whose names you ought to be able to make out without any difficulty. Some of the cages we shall visit presently will give you more trouble, so you are lucky to have an easy one to begin with. When you have discovered this puzzle, we will go and feed the polar bear with buns. He is a brown bear, not a white bear, but he is called a polar bear because he will climb a pole for buns. As a white bear will not climb a pole for buns, the Puzzledom naturalists re- fuse him the title. That house among the trees on the right is the Monkey House. I suppose you know that Dr. Darwin wishes to persuade people that man is descended originally from the monkey. There is one curious fact I may mention to you-that every one of us carries
something of the monkey about him still. What do you say ? No, I don't mean a tail ! You had better think it over, and see if you can find out by next month. And, by the way, talking of next month re- minds me that by this time you ought to be sufficiently well acquainted with the manners and customs of Puzzledom to be able to solve many of the propositions submitted to you. So, in future, those of you who think you have guessed all or any of the mysteries, may send in your answers, legibly written on one side of the paper, addressed to " The Conductor of Puzzledom, " GOOD THINCS Office, " 12, Paternoster Row, London, E.C." They must reach me not later than the 15th of the month; and I will print the names of the successful guessers.