PUZZLE PAGES. 533.-CHARADE.
Y - second, a bright and sparkling brooi, Was beset with many a flower; .- It rippled through flowery meadsttop With pebbles round in its coursre h * "T_' Nor lacked it the sheen of jewels gay To wear in its proudest hour, For the glorious sun smiled over it, And flung down a golden light, To kiss the glittering waters clear, That murmured a song so sweet toI And prattled gaily when none wereti By day and in the night. But arstless mood came over it, One cold, bleak winter day, When the sky was dark with mistanli And it sang its song, but all in vain, For the golden sun came not again To sparkle on its way. So it murmured in a bitter tone, And complained of its altered fate,
And craved to be put in another place, Where it might exhibit its smiling face, And earn due praise for its gentle grace, And enjoy its pristine state. While it chattered thus in discontent, And railed at its work and station, A surveyor happened to pass it by; " By my word,"' said he, " this is just what I Have been looking for eagerly low and high, . The very situation !" So he drew his plans and set to work, While my second, gently flowing, Began to ponder on what he meant, And hope he'd divulge before he went The reason why he was so content With the course where it was going. It soon found out; for workmen came, And with terriblenoise and riot' They built myfirst.upon the brink, And before my second began to think,
Or its old friend the sun had time towi It had bid good-bye to quiet. A slave to my first it had become, To.its own amazement utter: Summer or winter, in frost or snow, Myfirst in my second wanted to go; 'Twas a matter now of duty to flow, And no use at all to mutter. The clatter and dash quite overpowered The song it had sung so sweetly; It must wander on for nearly a mile, Past many a field, and hedge, and stie Ere it heard its own voice, now somerl Out-clamoured most completely. So little folks if your lot is small, And with few riches attended, Take, heed from my second and be csnt For hearts on ambition and changesol Gain no glory or good, on a fresh come And are oft like my owhole thus endo
534.-CAPPING WORDS.
I am the synonym for everything, but being of an omnigenous nature my tastes are some-. what incongruous. I have more caps than one to fit me, and having donned a few let me see if y:ou can find me out under my new head-gear. 1. The paradise of young ladies just coming out. 2. What most people consider a duty, though disliking it. S. Wjhat almost invariably happens to pride.
4. The concentration and seat of b 5. An important part of a lordly mans 6. A favourite game in the time of C 7. The last species of trappings hnumaa 8. A favourite female diminutive Oi1ft 9. What short people generally vAWi to be. 110. What quarrelsome people are ver taking.
535.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. An alley in Fleet-street. "I -rte L'N .ii.. i i '_
536.-ENIGMA. nd in a bo, in a paper at sea; e very few spots where'you will not find tool of a woman, her mightiest aid, hand I'm an implement valued in e. by the tailor, the surgeon, the glover, an apposite theme for the lover. ugh far on the wastes of the watery e point in view I incessantly keep; e sailor is out on the desolate sea hway and guidance he reckons oh me. ort, I am long, am three-sided, or bent, different uses on which I am sent. eat benefactor, and always employ servant the child, woman, man, girl, and in some rocks in the midst of the sea; verse the Channel oblivious of me. er I am of the fleet lightning spark; ret its message, and point to the mark otter it signifies, just at the nonce betic I echo the message at once. eat, pretty eye, employed never to see, long flowing tail where my hair ought 's at my foot, which a pathway doth h, cloth, linen, paper, silk, leather, and wrought of mere steel by mechanical anet's first touch a mysterious thrill s all my being, a power intense es at once with most exquisite sense. father the thorn never thought to behold endant so famous in history enrolled ; ity or tent, factory, railroad, or sea, asson howpowerful a small thing may be.
537.-DECAPITATIONS. 1. I am a pebble of beautiful markings and capable of an excellent polish; behead me and I become.a rustic portal. 2. I am an animal of the porcine tribe, but one of its most select and rare species; behead me and I am an indispensable adjunct to a small boat on river or sea. 3. I am a delicious fruit, especially cultivated in Jersey; behead me and I become the medium of sound in its varied forms. 4. I am what woman is at the fairest and most interesting point of her life; behead me and I am on horseback. GEOGRAPHICAL TRANSPOSITIONS. 538. DAMAREI.--One of the Canary, or ancient Fortunate, Isles; is famed for its peculiar native wine and salubrious climate. 539. ETHIOATE. - One of the Society Islands of Pol1ynesia, now fast becoming a part of the civilised world. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 162, 163, and 164.) 519. Monks-hood. 520. I. Too many cooks spoil the broth. n. Least said soonest mended. in. When the cat's away the mice will play. 521. A square: because he has four right lines and angles. 522. THE Boy's OWN ~AGAZINE. A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU I ThetA - HauncH - EricA - BishoP- OxliP-YouthfullY-SuN-- OrE-WilloW-NavY- MaizE-ArenA-Gre- nadieR - AeronauT - ZenO - IvY- NonO - EmU. 523. Bay. 524. Pan-cake. 525. r. Little pot, soon hot. u. Nothing venture, nothing have.
540.-CHAIADE.
The Frog's mishap on his'courting quest, By idle Dame Rumour related, For his neighbours and friends made a capital jest, My first, when he heard it, laughed more than the rest. "By my brush !" quoth he, "it encourages me, When such comical tales are narrated." So he polished his claws, and trimmed his hair, And set off at once on his wooing To the heiress Miss Puss, who was young and fair,
-- _ -_ - (I. --~~~j ,, 7
"LI piqued myself much on my neat little paws, And fancied they'd made an impression; And the pains that I've taken to polish my claws, I'm sure for such fancies I've given no cause. By my brush !" quoth he, "but my heiress shall see I'm determined to keep in possession !" So he went to the owl her opinion to gain As soon as the daylight was over, . Who advised him to go to the magpie again, Who sent him on further, his errand in vain I! "By my brush!" quoth he, "there's no fun as I see At all in becoming a lover I" So quite outof sorts with himself and the fair, He voted his courtship quite stupid, Till Flora, the flower-queen, relieved him of care, And ordered her subjects to make him a pair. "By my brush !' quoth he, "she's the goddess for me, She was always a friend to Dan Cupid ! Well, I am not the first to be tasked by my love With terrible trouble in finding a -- " To work went the leaves and blossoms as well To furnish my first with my second, And, assisted by Flora's most powerful spell, Theygsucceeded in raising a flowering bell. 1/
And, moreover, of wealth hd a share. "By my brush I" quoth he, "herfo.ne Not the least of her charmsto my vi, But Pussie was fickle, capriciousne, and And gloried her slaves to be showig, .So she ordered myfirst, with becoming' Not, unless with my second, to ee her "By my brush I" quoth he, "wihat a must be f These womanly whims there's no ho Butv~iin every art of each suitor thatt To her shrine, to outrival the wit of the
"By zy brush !" quoth he, "when tal 'twill be A most elegant requisite reckoned!" But, alas for his hopes ! a malevolentfe Retarded its growth ere completed, And Pussie declared he must suffer thet For marry she would ere moretime sh~ld " By my brush i" quoth he, "it is crual! At the very last moment defeated I The jilt and coquette that thus cruelly Like mine shall yet mourn for the los A tortoiseshell Tom, of rank and re, The fair feline heiress married; My crestfallen first with very ill grace Received cards with my second in pro?1 "By my brush " quoth he, "how could jeer me, To see how my wooing's miscrriedll A person addicted to fun wrote a lay, Relating my first's woeful story, How my second were found by the Ca' Whose love with another had just goo "Bymy brush !" quothhe, "I musttL Or submit to the loss of my glory So he wentto the hills, to the valleysO love Made him a victim betrayed by the