PUZZLE PAGES. 500.-CHARADE,
HRISTIAS is come, and our trade it arouses That deal with us always for goodies and sweets, For creams, tarts, and pasties, preserves, and baked meats. I Cheesecakes for Easter, and ices for summer, We make and supply in large lots to each comer; But Christmas is coming, so now we reserve Our stores of sweet almonds, liqueurs, and preserve ! We send to the grocer's, long lists to supply For my first, and as well to the butcher's hard by, - IFor suet and currants, peel, sugar, and spice, With lemons and brandy, and everything nice. Chop ! chop ! chop ! With never a stop. We are making my first till we're ready to drop ! 'Tis the season for feasting, the time when man S--__= - eats His largest of turtle and well-seasoned meats,
Attemperedwithpastry, most carefullyreckoned, In fittest proportion, concocting my second. Fish, game, and fowl are supplied to his wish, While mere meat forms a staple to garnish the dish. And, when even hunger, by hunting sharp set, Has made way through these solids, there's more to do yet In the different forms that my second can take, When apples, plums, apricots, cherries we bake. For picnics, for luncheons, for races are reckoned, Or for parties, no better adjuncts than my second. Roll out and knead ! We are busy indeed, All making my second with very great speed !
But Christmas demands its own viands to eat, The noble sirloin is its favourite meat, While turkey and chine do the long table grace, And for sweets good plum-pudding will hold its own place. We could give up our holly, with laurel dis- pense, And for absence of mistletoe find a pretence, But turkey and beef and plum-pudding ne'er fail, Washed down by long draughts of October's strong ale. And high in the honour amongst all the rest, My whole is partaken by each merry guest; For luckless is he, of whatever degree, Who on Christmas Day fails to have one taste of me !
501.-A CHRISTMAS CRACKER.
The busy letter of the alphabet; a portion of a pound ; a male deer; the sultan of the sheep- fold; some textile fabrics for winter wear; and the stag's herd of female favourites. Yule-tide; what your dog does, if he is obe- dient, when you call him; a very large cash; what always goes before the second; the head and front of the alphabet; the inquisitive letter; an auricular organ. The twin letter; one of chanticleer's wives; the neuter gender; the Latin term for a com- panion; the soul of brevity beheaded; the body of wit curtailed; a modern belle's favourite ornament; the positive degree which may be
Improved ih health; Mrs. Gamp's favourite pronunciation of her usual seat. A member of Dr. Cumming's newest congre- gation; the letter that will rub out the counte- nance you draw; what is generally relished even in its most hurried state, and which when cold decides affection; the manner to which would-be juvenile elderlies are addicted; the confusion that printers dislike; the letter that transforms a dried pig's leg into a deception; one of our most useful members beheaded; another of Dr. Cumming's flock, who is sus- ceptible to the fact that mankind is prone to do wrong.
502.-AN EVERGREEN WREATH.
A Christmas garland of evergreen I weave for bower and hell; Unriddle my riddle, the plants I mean Are very well known to all. The first is a branch of the glorious main, A haven where ships may be; My second a personal pronoun I trow, As you will most readily see. My third is a coffer of metal or wood, Whether carven or plain it be; Myfourth is the emulous plant, if it could It would cope with every degree.
My fifth, if possessed of one particle less, Would sanctified be at once; My sixth is the meed of the conqueror, As is known to every dunce. My seventh, the strawberry bed of the birds, Holds its tempting fruit aloft; [girls My eighth keeps its pearls to bestow on the Whose lips are most rosy and soft. Then hey for the garland of evergreen boughs, To wreathe in the cottage or hall I Unriddle my riddle, and gather them quick, For they ought to be known to all !
503. A PUZZLE RHYME FOR CHRISTMAS TIME. Unless to guess the rhyme you're able, You must not touch what's on the table. 504.-DOUBLE AC(ROqTTf
The carriage which the ancient victor bore; A shout peculiar to our native shore; The scientific name the frog-tribes bear; The goddess of the rainbow, bright and fair; What sour and bitter things can never be; What every laundress owns, as you may see; A portion of your journey, measured due ; A favourite beverage of the farmer too ; The nasal aliment old folks love well. Initials, finals take, and from them spell Two cheerfulwords-one names this time of year, The second states its crowning dish of cheer.
Thefirst, welcome alike to rich and poor, The palace portal seeks, and cottage door. The one great festival to all mankind, When all degrees should be of one true mind. May it to all of you bring its increase Of kindly feeling, unity, and peace ! My second, threatened sore by plague and pest, The native food we English folk love best; May it smoke cheerfully on every table Of those who this to read and solve are able !
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &C. 478. Pearl-diver. 479. Cuckoo-flower. 480. I. Never too late to mend. uI. All is not gold that glitters. in. A stitch in time saves nine. Iv. Time and tide wait for no man. 481. ELECTRIC - ATLANTIC. EccentriC - LiparI-EmmeT - ChaperoN- Te--RolL- InleT-CarrarA.
e. (Pages 362, 363, and 364.) 482."IHare-bell. 483. Robin-red-breast. 484. A dog rose at a cow's lip, him did an ox eye for a short time and then rushed off harum-scarum. To be read-A dog rose-at- a cowslip-him did-an ox eye-for a-short thyme--and then-rush-d off h-arum sc-arum. 485. Silk-worm.
505.--CHARADE. I
They cut me down with a sickle of gold, While a fair linen napkin beneath they did hold. The moon was at full, the sun set in the west, Ere they gathered me down from my airy rest. For my first is a plant of singular hue, Only fed upon juices, and washed with dew; On the stem of the apple or oak it takes birth, And is never indebted for nurture to earth. The luxuriant nature she gives with such pains To her better-fed children flows not in its veins.
To the daisy and cowslip, leave it, for I Am fed with the tear-drops that fall from th sky! But oh! ho! ho Of all plants that do grow, For history and mystery, none you may show, That can rival my jirst, the - ! Now Amy and Alice are busy I ween, With devices and garlands of fresh glossygreen. They circle the pillars, the pulpit they wreathe, While the Christmas-rose fair on the altar doth breathe.
lit- I) a s \W -I
The ivy and hawthorn they seek from the fields; Bay, ivy, and laurel the bright garden yields; Pyracanthus its coral beads well doth bestow, To enhance a rich garland of berries of snow I My second is there in the por3h and the nave, And in the fair chancel it gently doth wave. It bends o'er the pulpit, it shadows the door, Where come in meek brotherhood all rich and poor; And we may see now, The maid from the cow, With the toiler and moiler from mill or from plough, With the lord of the manor come under the The music is merry, and pretty young girls, With oceans of crinoline, forests of curls, Are sending bright glances like arrows to fly In the weak hearts of men who stand foolishly by.
My luxuriant whole is hung high overhead, With clusters of gaslights and garlands be- spread, For the place of high honour is ever kept sole For that favourite evergreen christened m whole. The ivy may creep, and the laurel ma grow, And the snowberry brandish her globules e snow; The holly may offer her coral, the bay Her glossy green leaves may put foremos alway. But who cares now For the charms they may show, When for history and mystery, as all mus allow, No plant can exceed the bold - ----