PUZZLE PAGES. 526.-CHARADE.
So the two old cronies they toddled down To the neat little cottage of old Dame Brown, And at once the busy cooking began With kettle and platter, pipkin and pan. " Now here's my first," said Dame Brown; "to me It's rather a puzzle what it can be !" With spectacled nose the other old dame To look at the strange new compound came, But none the wiser for all her prying, To find out what was before her lying.. So while t'other old woman was out of the room, She muttered, "'Tis chopped up old birch- broom 1" " How shall we cook it? I never asked Jack," Said old Dame Brown as she trotted back. " Bake it or fry it, toast it or broil it, Simmer it, roast it, stew it, or boil it, (I only hope that we shall not spoil it I) "Well," said Dame Dowlas, " I surely reckoned You meant to dress it first in my second." "And you are right," said Dame Brown, "for now I remember Jack said, when he brought it, how Them Chinee folks to use it had taught 'a To cook it with plenty of boiling water." So they made up the fire, and poked, and blew, And put on my second with much ado; And into my second they put myfirst, With a pint of water, and then dispersed
AME DOWLAS, come in, and take dinner me, For Jack my son has come home from thee Long did I trouble, and fret, and pine, To look on the face of that dear boy of mine But now he's returned I'm so happy andgb I can't do half what I wish for the lad! It is Christmas, too, and I verily think, With plenty to eat and plenty to drink, We'll welcome him back to his own dear boa So put on your pattens, Dame Dowlas, come, Your scarlet cloak, and your smartest gown, And follow me quickly up the town. Now Jack has been in the Chiney land, Their ways I don't very well understand, But he's brought me something, myfirst, th call, Which is highly valued by Chinee-men all! Morning or noon, for hunger or thirst, There's nothing so good, says Jack, as first. To their separate work-the meat to fry, And the pudding to make, and to bake pie. When just in the middle in Jack came, o And giving my whole to the busy dame, " I forgot," says he, "when my first I gave, That it was no good till my whole you have; I'm nearly perished with hunger and thirst, So pray with our dinner let's have myfirst," The dame, delighted she'd done so well, Dished up her dinner, refraining to tell Her son that myfirst was boiling already, Till seated around the table, quite steady, A covered dish in her hand she bore, Which she solemnly placed her son before. " There," says she, " is my first; you eat It, I s'pose, as a sort of sauce with the meatl' Jack looked at the dish, and laughed with s prise, Till at last the tears ran out of his eyes. " Oh, mother!" says he, " why them Chin r folks Would think you were playing off your jokes I My first is to drink, and not to eat, And certainly not a sauce for meat. You funny old woman I myfirst you've wasld Before its flavour you've properly tasted. Next time myfirst you attempt to brew, My whole, snot my second's, the thing you !"
GEOGRAPHICAL TRANSPOSITIONS.
7. ItIiALAN.-One of the Philippines, re the chief government manufacture em- s 20,000 hands.
528. MBATRUSA.-An island of the Oriental Archipelago, most noted for its produce of pepper and camphor.
529.-WHAT NAUTICAL TACTIC DOES THIS REPRESENT?
530.-TOPOGRAPCAL ACOLESTSOIC. 5 T A A O 530.--TOPOGRAPHiICAL ACROSTIC.
.A city in whose cathedral a dethroned King *ngland was buried. , A large town,, noted for the manufacture iscnits, blankets, and, pins. . A town formerly famed for its saline s, which gave their name to a medi- . An island county, formerly noted for its nabls copper mines. . A town historically famous for the battle ght in its neighbourhood during the Wars the Roses. 6. A large manufacturing town, celebrated its productions of hardware. 7. A fine old town, worthy of remark for its cathedral and noble old castle.
8. A beautiful island, chiefly remarkable for its charms of situation and scenery, 9. A small town, to which is popularly ascribed the origin of the Goodwin Sands. 10. A northern city engaged in extensive trade, and boasting an excellent university. 11. A very pleasant town, chiefly noted as being the birthplace of Cardinal Wolsey. 12. A northern town of great importance, widely renowned for its fine salmon and its coal mines. The initials will form a name renowned in the annals of history; a power of small com- parative size among the nations of the world, but ranking among the very highest for wealth and importance.
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &C. (Pages 86, 87, and 88.)
501, Love lies bleeding-Stocks-Snowflake olden rod-Rocket--Mlonkshood-Foxglove Buttercup-Cowslip-Sweetbriar-Woodbine Pheasant's eye - Heartsease - Harebell- Ce's feather - Larkspur - Cockscomb - SOn imperial-Sunflower-Cuckoo-flower- -Star of Bethlehem - Jacob's ladder- eadow-sweet-Lily-Turk's-cap-Venus' look- -glass-Morning glory -Traveller's joy- dies' ribbon. 107. Because he is circum-vented. 508. Because he is a philo-sofa. 509, Because it is a very short Dey followed a very long (K)night. 510, CRISTnrAS. Ich - him -- hart-crt-
chart-chist-rim-cram-charm-arm-harm -star-arts-tar-stir - mist - mass - hist- chat.-chrism-sit-sat-Sam, Mat, Tim-Tam -Sir-rich - ram-rat-shirt - trim-char- hat-cat - cit- his-hit- mit-mart-mast- is-'tis- chit-crass-ham-sham-Ciss-mar. 511. Crow. 512. Horse-shoe. 513. Because he is a wonderer (wanderer). 514. Because it is a,le(d)ger-de-main. 515. Because they are both banks of deposit. 516. Because he is full of draughts. 517. Because he is a bare 'un (baron). 518. Because he has only one eye, dear (idea).
531.-CHARADE.
She was so fair, so very fair, To look was but to love; Amidst a breath of purer air Her sweetness seemed to move. When faith was but an empty word, And honour named no more- When love to vicious heights preferred, Had lost the wings to soar. Her purity and modest grace The idle court reproved, For once to see that angel face Was but to make her loved, While eager, at her lightest word, Would flash to life myfirst, each -. But Time most secrets will reveal Unto the sight of men; And when stern Death had set a seal Upon her story, then The love of all her youth was known, Her true heart's silver shield, When Julian sank to rise no more Upon the battle-field. Of ancient lineage, spotless name, A fitting heir, he sought Fresh laurels in the wars, until That fatal field was fought. Then searchers round the fatal spot . Found on myfirst the second, - .
Was ne'er a courtier in the crowd Could boast a brighter smile, Of all the knees before her bowed None gained a chance the while. As coldly bright and calmly pure The mountain's snowy crest; Nor love nor its base counterfeit Could move that tranquil breast. Each meaner beauty's lesser charms, By ribbon or by glove, Had summoned rivals brave to arms, And crowned them with their love. Token of hers no victor got, Or little glove, or azure -. They bore it kindly back again Across the stormy sea, Dyed deeply with the crimson stain; She took it silently; But from that hour her lovely face Might never more be seen 'Mid the fair train that sought to grace The presence of their queen. To deeds of mercy, works of love, Her blameless life was given, Amid the sick and poor to move, Like visitant from heaven. When robed for her eternal rest The - - lay upon her breast.
532.-ENIGMATICAL AXIOM.
An auricular organ, cunning beheaded, the highest portion curtailed, two-thirds of an in- sect, the first quarter of a portal, one of the indefinite articles, a Scottish river, the other auricular organ, two-thirds of a cathedral, half an implement, and one-half of amaze- ment. The commencement of the first part of the 41
day, the ignorant orthography for more than one, another indefinite article, an in the Irish Sea, a synonym for cnig, poetic fashion for saying "your," a mat member, welfare in one syllable, the Gr Theta, the inquisitive letter, threeffolrthsO belt, half an intoxicating liquor, and a nished prtion of sight. MRI66