PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
EFORE I say anything else I must ask my dear pilgrims to accept my very warm thanks for their kind sympathy with my indisposition, and their good and kind wishes. I feel it the more deeply, because I am sorry-earnestly sorry-to say that from circumstances over which I have..no control, I am reluctantly obliged to give up the direction of Puzzledom. I don't think my pilgrims can be half so sorry as I shall be to lose them, and their dear bright letters, which have been one of my chief pleasures this year. However, as it cannot be helped they must accept my loving farewell and thanks for all the pleasure they have given me. And as this is our last gossip, I will try to answer all the inquiries I can. First, let me acknowledge, with many thanks, subscriptions to the memorial fund from Claude Lowe, Amy Ellen Stephens, Romeo, Celestine, George Duthie, and Margaret Croall. I am told that the monument is now placed in Nunhead Cemetery, and that it is a fine one; perhaps some of our pilgrims will be able to see it. I must next heartily thank Flibertigibbet for her photograph and Tenax Propositii's, and Maudie Stanton for hers. I shall value them very much. I have ordered mine, and have a list of those who have asked for them, and they shall have them in time. I shall write to May Ellis direct to thank her for the charming little book she so kindly sent me, which was, indeed, a most welcome surprise. I will now proceed to notice some of my little friends' letters in detail, not forgetting to thank Ajax for her delightful one : I have so enjoyed it, that I think I should be selfish if I did not let our pet-loving pilgrims share it too. "We have an old tortoise we call ' Cuddie Headrigg,' and stupid as he is, he has some very curious ways. He has lettuce leaves and sliced French beans every morning, and a saucer of bread and milk, and as the cats and sparrows try to share the latter with him, he will run at them and hiss like a snake; and when he has taken as much as he can, he will actually get on the top of the saucer and cover it with his shell, like a lid, his ugly legs hanging over at the four corners ; so he outwits his enemies. On wet or cold days he is brought indoors, and there is one room he is very fond of. In the autumn and spring, when there is a fire there, he creeps into the hearth, making a great clatter as he tumbles over the fender and fire-irons, and gets quite under the grate, for he has found out that that particular stove has a plate in the bottom, so that the hot ashes cannot fall on him; and he enjoys the intense heat. Even in summer he retains the recollec- tion of the autumn comfort, and makes his way through the house to that room as soon as he is brought indoors, and rushes into the fender, to the great detriment of the stove ornaments, for he serves them as he does the door if it is closed, and charges at them like a battering ram: the door quite shakes with the tremendous thumps he gives it with his shell.--Our little canary, ' Amphion,' gets more sagacious. He will lie on his back on my sister's wide-open hand, and hold up his little feet to have them ticlded. He asks for a bath almost as plainly as if he spoke, giving a peculiar squeak, and shaking his feathers violently, and then looking over the door of his cage to see if the saucer of water is ready for him. He is so fond of milk, and when the coffee is brought up in the evening, he will stand before the cream jug, patiently waiting till it is tilted for him to take a sip. One of my sisters, who pets him very much, is now at the sea-side, and when we have been out, he watches for our return as if he expects she will come in with us. But I should tire you if I were to tell you of all his pretty ways. He began to moult about a month ago, but he only loses feathers for a day or two, and then waits awhile, so that his coat is all over patches. It is more than two years since he last moulted, and all this time his song has never ceased-he makes the room ring with his melody. -The other canary, ' Sir Charles Dilke,' we cannot tame by any means. I suppose it is because he is not of true canary breed. Ard he is so spite- fully calous of 'Amphion,' assaulting him if he has the chance, whenever he islet out of his cage.-We have had a great many pets, and they have been so tame that when any of them has died it is as if we had lost a friend. One pair of pigeons, especially, very lovely birds, wer- so affectionate and faithful. When one of my elder sisters returned home after nearly a six months' absence at school, the male bird flew cut of the door of his house, bowing and cooing a delighted welcome; and when his mate died, he pined sadly, till one afternoon he chanced to fly in at one of the parlour windows, and caught the reflection of himself in the pier-glass. He directly settled before it, and spent the afternoon in billing and cooing at it till about four or five o'clock, when he fell asleep, and was carried back to his house. But always after that time he would tap regularly at the window at two o'clock, and, when admitted, would fly to the mantel and settle there, talking, in pigeon language, to the vision of his lost mate in the glass, till dusk began to fall (it was winter-time), and he would drop off to sleep, to be carried back to his lonely house again for the night."
Several Pilgrims, Candytuft, Princess Rosamond, and others, have asked questions about canaries, and I give the best advice my own experience offers. The first thing necessary for training them is the greatest gentleness and patience, for these tiny birdie natures are easily alarmed, and often scared by abrupt move- ments and loud voices, but they appreciate quiet ways and soft cooing talks. Don't give them much hemp seed-it is too. heating-give them canary seed and summer rape seed. With this you may occasionally mix a little hemp or cabbage seed. My own plan is to give them these extra feasts myself, and they then become used to one, and will welcome one's approach in their pretty winning way. My pet bird-a siskin-Tweedledee, so well understands this, that he knows as well as I do what I am going for when he sees me leave the room and go into the garden. He dances about in a perfect ecstacy as he watches me to a distant corner where a crop of groundsel and chickweed is allowed to grow. I always pull it up root and all, as I find they are fond of the little grains of sand and insects that often cling round it. Plenty of wholesome food, abundance of water for drinking and baths, and freedom from draught and the vapours of gas, will make and keep a bird healthy. Don't give them sugar or cake: they are like children, not the better for sweets. Cleanliness is also the first of necessaries, and regular feeding; for a full grown canary, two good tea-spoonfuls of food fresh every day are enough. When you give groundsel or lettuce, or a little bit of ripe apple, give it yourself, and teach him to take it from your fingers. Red Queen's canary may have moulted badly, or probably it may be infested with "mites." She must watch and see if it is restless at night, and if he pecks himself : if so, a good authority says, at once remove the bird from the cage and give him frequent baths of diluted tobacco water-a quarter of an ounce of tobacco to three half-pints of water. Cleanse the cage with boiling water before he is replaced. Bechstein says that water- cress (not land cress) is an excellent thing for lean canaries. As to aquariums, Tenax Propositii's experience is the same as my own; they are most pretty things, but everybody is very much addicted to gobbling up somebody else. If her eft is still alive, I should think the water should be often changed. She should put in some Valisneria, or Anacharis alsinastrum-the " water thyme"-which Oxford and Cambridge boatmen so detest. These weeds will purify the water, and help the propa- gation of minute insects for food. Caddis worms are most amusing things to keep in an aquarium, and she should have two, or at most three, water-snails-not too many or they will eat the weed. When her weeds are planted, and she wants to change the water, she can do it best with a syphon, that is, a small piece of India rubber tubing; she must bend it about the third of the length, so that one end is much longer than the other. Fill it with water from a jug, and, putting your finger on both holes, plunge the short end in the water-the water will run out till it gets below the short end, without disturbing fish or weeds. Then, from a watering-pot with a very fine rose, add as much fresh water as you want. I hope Mabel Woodhouse's silkworm moths have hatched out nicely: did she try the chopped mulberry leaves ? Has Lady Chatto succeeded with her skeleton leaves ? I forget if I told her how to bleach them, so repeat the recipe here:-Two tablespoon- fuls of chloride of lime in a quart of cold water; let the leaves remain twelve hours if they are large and strong--a less time if smaller and thinner. Dry between blotting-paper, and keep in a close box till required. When you mount them, cover a stiff card or board with black velvet, and arrange your sprays care- fully on it, with a little strong gum, and frame with a glass in front. Or you may have the "phantom bouquet," prettily arranged in a vase, if you have done some seed vessels as well, and covered with a glass shade. I hope Ariel's goat moth caterpillar will attain its chrysalis stage safely; she should then bury it in bran, and keep it for the winter in a dry place. If I should ever come across a " Bath-white" specimen, Snowdrop shall have it. Besides specimen cases, odd butterflies may be utilized by placing two or three on sprays of grasses, collected in the summer. I saw, at our dear Leader's house, a pretty group thus formed of the silky-tinted summer grasses, with two or three French artificial corn flowers, poppies, " bluets," and "soucis" sparingly scattered over them, and a red admiral, a peacock,
and ;a brimstone butterfly perched on the top; tihe whole sur- mounted by a glass shade. ;Heartsease must. keep. her.. mice scrupulously clean, and .the house should-have a tray !lilke. a bird cage, carefully kept, dry. A little cow-hair, or white wadding, will do for their bed; black wadding is poisonous to them. .I should think biscuits or, cheese crumbs might be given them. In reply to Phina Nelson, on the difficult, subject of mush- rooms, I am afraid I can't help her much. I have few avail- able -books here, and the only qne I have says this :-" They are easily detected by the smell, which, in the poisonous kind, is sickly and unpleasant; the gills also are faint, and yellow in colour. The mushroom has a pleasant, fragrant smell, and when young the gills are pink and bright; when old, they are brown, or blackish." This is not very accurate information, and all I can add to it is that all fungi growing in woods are,to be avoided, for fear of mistake. I think.her papa is quite.right to .be careful: if she is fond, of mushrooms, why not grow them. at home ? They are reared in Paris in enormous quantities, and are most easy of culture, and then perfectly safe; an old stable or out-house is quite space enough to grow them. In reply to " Pudding Lane," I give the best method of gathering and preserving seaweeds I know, adding that we are going to collect some small specimens here, and make a scallop shell the binding. Well wash and clean the scallop shells (the St. James's cockle, as they are some- times called, for they are the real pilgrim's scallop shell), and cut your papers to fit them, mount your sea-weeds on the, papers, and then thread papers and shells with a wide blue ribbon, tying it with a neat bow on the flat side :- " Collect your sea-weeds early in the morning : the best speci- mens are cast up after a stormy night; place in soup-plates of cold water. Place the piece of .weed in fresh water, and in renewed water-float.it on a piece of paper supported by your left hand, while with your right hand you arrange the plant in the natural manner, using a mounted needle, and cutting out the branches not needed with a pair of fine scissors. When the sea- weed is as you like it, slope the paper to let the water run off, and then leave it to dry. Do not leave it long, for they must be pressed before the paper is dry. Make a press of two boards of deal, and place between them three or four pieces of blotting- paper, arranging your sea-weeds on these. You can either lay heavy books on the top, or strap them tight-at any rate, lay a good weight over them. To mount them, use good stout paper, nearly as good as drawing-paper. Their own glutinous nature will keep them down. in most cases; if not, you must use the best gum." And now, as a parting gift, let me advise my Pilgrims of a pretty fancy that I have never seen employed yet, except by my dear mother in her early days. Collect all the tulip-petals you can-the more streaked and coloured the better-and press them carefully' in blotting-paper, as you would botanical specimens. When they are quite dry and ,hard, as they will become, procure a card or tin :form-a diamond, if possible-such as those made some years ago for silk patchwork; they must, however, be mathematically true and even. Then lay it on your flat tulip petals, and cut them out with sharp scissors, some going with the streak, and some across, so as to get the most variety. Take whatever box or portfolio you wish to ornament, and place your diamonds in what is called the box-pattern-one light, one dark, one black (for these latter the dark purple tulip-petals answer well), fix them with strong gum, give them a coat of size, and then varnish them three or four times, and you will have a pretty mosaic, resembling inlaid wood. And now to Snowdrop I offer a house-keeping receipt; and I may whisper in her ear that I am very fond of cooking, and often surprise my girls with some " goodies." So I send her a recipe for a nice little pudding, to use when her mother is ill. Let me add that we have tried "frogs," and they are very good; snails also-very nasty. MOTHERt'S PUDDING. " One and a-half tablespoonfuls of stale bread, grated; pour over it a little boiling milk, adding two lumps of sugar. Beat up thoroughly one egg, and beat well all together. Butter a break- fast-cup, and fill to the brim with the mixture, and put a buttered paper over. Then tie in a floured cloth, and boil twenty minutes exactly. When turned out, add a nice arrowroot sauce, or a tablespoonful of sherry poured over it, adding powdered sugar." , .- - -
When I was a little girl, I loved to make doll's puddings and pies, as most of you, no doubt, have done; and I think it; isfa very good beginning, for we have soy often !to ,nurse our sick brothers or sisters, or the dear. mother who has nursed. us,. ISo, dear little Pilgrims, when you have an. invalid, and;wapt to coax the failing appetite, try this simple thing, and vary it according to your own fancy. There is nothing more useful than a little knowledge of cooking. I read lately, in the Atlantic Monthly, that the mother of Fanny Kemble was an exc~lle~nt cook, as well as a clever woman, and so, while she delighted her family with her mental acquiremetts, she also .cared, as all gobd :mothers should do, for the providing of wholesome and appetizing food for her dear ones. I quite acknowledge the delights of mental culture; but if I had been able to carry " Puzzledom " on a little longer, I should have taken Solomon's text, and 'sent my Pilgrims to learn from the ant and the bee'the' ancient wisdom that dates from the world's foundation, of how to provide good and whole- some food. In answer to Harmonia Constance, I find, on the authority of the National Gallery Catalogue, that' Dominico Zampieri, com- monly called Dominichi'no;'was bornratiBologna; 1581. He died at Naples, April 15, 1641, supposed' to have been poisoned by the agents of the notorious Triumvirate, Belisario Corenzio, Guiseppe Ribera (Spagnoletto), and Giambattista Carraccioli, known as the " Cabal of Naples." Guiseppe Ribera, commonly called " LaSpagnoletto" (the little Spaniard) was born at Xativa, in Spain, in 1588. Dominici, the Italian historian of the painters of Naples; states that he dis- appeared from the city of Naples in 1648,1 and was not again heard of. The marriages of Italian painters are rarely chronicled. I am very glad T. C. Hughes, our champion pilgrim, enjoyed his visit to Oxford. It is an epoch of one's life to visit this beau- tiful old receptacle of all that is lovely. Some of the pleasantest days of my life are connected with my first knowledge of Oxford: it is a time to be remembered. Scotch Thistle is informed that I did write "Tales of the Toys," with many others. In reply to several pilgrims, I must say that our weather here, as in other parts, has not been genial; but, though we had that terrible hail-storm, we have not suffered much, and the month of August was bright and sunny. The hail-storm certainly passed over us, but spared us a good deal, and no very .great harm was done. I quite agree with Kittums that "swiinining is nice, and necessary," but that girls " need not exhibit themselves." Several of my pilgrims have mentioned "skating rinks." They promise one for Dieppe next season-very sensible plea- sures they seem to be. I wish all our friends success, and am glad to find, from their letters, they have so enjoyed their holi- days in all pleasant sea-side and mountain-side places. In reply to two of my correspondents, I can tell them that Lucy means "light;" Emily, "winning in manner;" and Mabel, "beautiful and beloved." In the language of flowers, the white lilac signifies youth; and fern, sincerity, frankness. And now, my dear pilgrims, let us all bravely shake hands, and say that painful word "Good-bye." May all success attend you in all your pursuits; and, if you are only as happy as I wish you to be, you will have a happy life. Your affectionate friend, The second Chief of Puzzledom, FRANCES F. BRODERIP. Solutions to Puzzledom for September and October:- A. Double Acrostic. A crostic S U pse T T obacc O U sure R M ic E N ew S. Autumn Stores. B. Pictorial Square Word :- REAP ETNA ANTS PASS
C.: Logogriphe. Harvest. i. Hare. 2. rat. 3. star. 4. vest. 5. vat. 6. stare. 7. shave. 8. vase. 9. vast. Io. tea. iI. haste. 12. hat. 13. tar. 14. stave. 15. set. i6. have. 17. tear. 18. heart. 19. rest. 20. eat. 21. starve. 22. share. D. Pictorial Acrostic Charade:- W _ig S H a T E a R A mphor A T a W. Wheat Straw. E. Square Word in Rhyme:- HARP A LOE ROPE P EE L. F. Puzzledom Bird:- Corn C-rake. Corn-crake. G. Buried Harvest Gleanings :- 1. peas. 2. clover. 3. rye. 4. wheat. 5. beans. 6. oats. H. Pictorial Harvest Flowers :- I. Corn-flag. Cornflag. 2. Corn-cockle. Corncockle. I. Proverb in Rhyme:- " A rolling stone gathers no moss." K. Pictorial Charade :- Hare-bell. Harebell. L. A Necklace of Shells :- I. Basket shell. 5. Razor shell. 9. Carpet shell. 2. Ear shell. 6. Mitre shell. Io. Comb shell. 3. Tiara shell. 7. Cone shell. I . Spoon shell. 4. Harp shell. 8. Lamp shell. 12. Bubble shell. M. Comical Conjunctions :- I. And. Hand decapitated. 2. But. Butt with extra T. 3. That. T hat 4. If. I and F lifted by L. & T. The following have solved all those whose initials are appended to their name:- Ada and Laura Mason, B C E F. Louie, B C E F G. Agamemnon and Menelaus, B C F H. Lucy Morris, A B C A F H. Ajax, B C DE FG H. Luigia, B CD FG. Alice and Florence Humphreys, A B C D Mabel Walmisley, B C D E F H. F F 0. Mabel Woodhouse, A B C D E F G H. Alice Mary Pace, B C D F F G H. Maggie and Mary, A B C D E F O H. Amy and Constance, A B 0 D E F H. Maggie Swallow, A B F F. Amy and Maggie, A B C H. Margaret. A B E F H. Anne,B CF G H. Maude Mary, A B C D E FGHIK. Ariel, ABCDE F H. May Ellis, AB D E F H. Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, B C D E F H. M. & C. G. V., B E F H. A White Daisy, B CD F. M. F. B., B C G. Beatrice M. P., A B C H G. M. F. L. B., A B C F. Blue Bell and Tib, A B C E G. Minnie and Clara Ingamells, A B C D E Bow and Arrow, A B C D B G. F H. Candytuft, B C A B. Minnie Westlake, A B C D E G H. Carl Greta, A B CEG H. Minos, ABCDB F. Carolus, A B C D F F G H. Mother Carey's Chickens, B C D F G. Celestine, A B C D E F 0 H. Moss Rosebud, B C E F H. Clara and Herbert, B C D F Neddums and Bee, A B 0 E H. Claribel, B C F. P G H. Organ Blower, A B E F H. Clarita, A B C D F H. Phlna Nelson, A B C D E F G H. Claude Lowe, A B E F G. Princess Rosamond, B C D E F H. Corkscrew, B C D E H. Princess Sheila, B C PS G H I K. Cornubia, A B C D E F G. Puck and Mary, B C D A F H. Cymro, B C A F G H. Queenie, B C H. Dairy and Demi, B C E F G. Rag and Bone, B C F G. Dolly Earnshaw, A B C D E 0 H. Richie and Stuart Purves, B C E F H Dolly, Kit. and Co., A B D E H. Romeo and Juliet, B E F. Echo, AB CD ES G H. Rose and Berry, ABCD F 1 H. Edelweiss, A B C E F G H. Rose and Jessamine, B C E. Edith and Isa Meyrick, A B C D E F G H. Rosy Jackson, A B C g C H. Edith Emily Harris, A B C D F F G H. Rupert Mason, A B C D E G. Edith Lack, B C F F G H. Schottische, A B C D E F G H. Ella Simey, Sunderland, B C D F G H. Scotch Thistle, B C E F. Flibertigibbet, A B C D F F H. Shrewsbury Cakes, A B C D E F G H. Florence Gibbs, 4 B C D E F G H. Snowdrop and Crocus, A B C E Gemini, A B C D E F H I K. Sylvia Baldwin, A B C R F George Duthie, A B C G. T. C. Hughes, AB D A SO HI K George Mitchell, A B C E F. Tenax Propositil, A B C D F F H. Gertrude and Katie, B C F C 'r The Brat, B G H. Gipsy, B C F. F The Oorsair, B C E F G H. Harmonia Constance, B C F 0 I K. Thedi,Daymora, and Tibeer, B C E F G H. Heartsease, A B C E F G H. The Red Queen, B C E F G H. H. E. U., A B C D E F H The Three Pilgrims, B C D E F G H. Hurricane Hurry, C F H. Tweedledee, Eglantine, and Jasmine, A B Jeanie G., A B C D E F H. CE H. Jeanne D'Arc, A B C D E F H. Two Dolls, A B C P. Jumping Jehosophat, A B C D E F H. Two Scotch Flamingoes, A B C D F F Kittie, ABCDE F H. H. Kittums, A B C D E F Hi. Two Queens, B C E G. K. Macandrew, A B C D E F H. Violette, B A F H. Lady Chatto, B C B I G H Widdie, A B C D E F G H. L. L. Nicholls, A E F G H. Zanthe, B F. Loch Awe, A B F H.
CLASS Z. Alexander Douglas, B C 7. Dora Mary Jones, A B C B F. Beatrice Baldwin, A B C F. Ethel Boyce, A B C D E F 0 H. Bill Dick, A B C D E F. Sweet William, Polyanthua, and Water- Georgias Septimus, A B C B P. lily, A B C D E P G H. Gertrude and Emily Jones, A B C B F H. MADAM METHOD'S FIRST CLASS. Moss Rosebud Princess Sheila Ariel Dolly Earnshaw Echo Heartsease Widdie T. C. Hughes Neddums and Bee Minos Shrewsbury Cakes. There were two unsigned solutions, as usual, and " King Victor's" arrived too late.