PUZZLES.
Charades. I. My first is sometimes worn by youths; My next's a French conjunction; My whole to govern ancient France Received the kingly unction. My first is three-fifths of a half; My second a colour most bright; My whole was a good English king, Whose laws were both prudent and right. 3. My first's an article; My second's a liquor bright; My third's a noble hall; My whole a mighty fight. 4. My first is part of day; My next is to pretend; My whole's where armies met Their leader to defend.
5. Our path lay through a gloomy first, Where no bright gleam of sunshine burst To light us on the way; Rough and uneven was the ground, While semi-darkness reign'd around Amidst the glare of day. And second head were frowning rocks Surmounted by impervious blocks Untrod by human feet; That whole's a feast you will admit, And you by searching Holy Writ Its name are sure to meet. 6. My first's an article transposed; My next's a landing place; My whole he was a general brave Who came of Scottish race. 7. My first's a creditor; My next's a kind of rod; My whole a little town On which two armies trod.
Hark ! see yon crowd that shrieks aloud As first around did last; The fight's begun, the war-song's sung, And wholes fly thick and fast. The one who leads the martial deeds, As chieftain he is reckon'd; Though no one heeds, part of the deeds Belong unto my second. 9. I've roamed the first and prairies o'er, Have heard the king of beasts' loud roar, Am somewhat skill'd in forest lore, In woodcraft too as well. To live out there you'll say with me, A last must not a coward be, From danger he is seldom free, As noted authors tell. From first a last few missives sends, Who then to be a whole intends, Must bid adieu to home and friends, Likewise his darling Nell. 10. When chilly winter, drear and cold, Our earth in icy bonds doth hold, The first will serve to keep you warm, And shield you from the passing storm. " How came you last that joint of beef ? " A policeman ask'd a noted thief. Quoth he, " I've bought it." " What a lie, You've stole it from that shop near by." " You're caught at last, outwitted quite, So come, I'll lodge you cheap to-night." Unite the two, then set me down, For whole, an ancient English town. II. We need not seek for primal here, But in yon bright and starry sphere, Where angels dwell in perfect bliss, Far from a sinful world like this. Bright Sol, resplendent in his power, Brings forth each tender bud and flower; Yet each would wither, fade, and die, If He did not the last supply.
Now, if you whole your wicked ways, And daily sing your Maker's praise, You'll reap a rich reward at last, When earthly troubles are all past. 12. My first was my second enjoying, When third came papa and ma, My whole they then espying, Cried, " Leave that, you rascal, ha, ha ! " 13. Old time is ever on the wing, And many changes he doth bring, He hastens on his trackless way w As the moments swiftly pass away. Yet of the future still unknown We cannot call one first our own, Nor trace events that have to be; All we can do is wait and see. But as the sands of whole run out, They plainly tell, beyond a doubt, That present firsts are fleeting fast Into that mighty gulf-the past. The second will something unfold Much used by ladies young and old; The toper, too, it gives delight, And makes him feel a power of might. Improve each passing first, my friend, Then you may some assistance lend To rising youth who wish to learn, And you will have no cause to mourn. 14. My first is a participle of a verb signifying to exist, my second is a mineral, and my whole is an illustrious traveller. r5. My first is a name for the Spaniard, my second is an apparatus to open a door, and my whole is a thick-skinned animal. 16. My first is an animal, my second is a thing which ladies could not do without, and my whole is a flower. 17. My first is a festive season in every year, my second is when near the ground, and my whole is a very painful wound. 18. My first is the particle of negation, my second a favourite ingredient, and my whole is a commiinication.
'9. The first will name a monarch great, A curse or blessing to the state ; A tyrant despot he may be, Oppressing all who would be free; Or one who rules with gentle sway, Whom all would honour and obey. The man of sense and wisdom hates The second that inebriates; Its victims, with grim want oppress'd, Makes him avoid it as a pest. It robs the purse, engenders strife, Untimely ends a wasted life. A modest flower the total shows, Though not as sweet as is the rose; Yet in the language of sweet flowers Desires that riches may be ours. You now should give its name at once, Or own yourself to be a dunce. 20. We all drink my first, my second is a member of Parliament, and my whole is used for holding my first. 21. My first means continued success, my second is an article, my third is an opening, and my whole is a person who does not attend to his business. 22. My first is found in a corn-field, my second is used by many men, and my whole is an obnoxious creature. 23. WHOLE. In Afric's land this brave man died. FIRST. But this his works will e'er remain. SECOND. Beneath this now he does abide. Sleep on ! thou great and glorious man ! 24. My second out a walk one day, My third he soon did view; But first he was so very much That he could not get through. By striving hard he succeeded, But whole he was, I vow; It is a weak and weary word, Not used very much now.
25. Richard I. at the Third Crusade. " What is that noise Ihear ?" King Richard cries. But first, not wishing his anger'to rise, Replied him false. But another knight The king did question ; he replied aright. " 'Tis Leopold, Duke of Austria, sir; His brain with liquor is all afire, sir ! He has been to second down England's flag, And placed instead thereof the _Austrian rag." Then Richard's rage did bubble o'er, and quickly what He did is known to all; therefore I tell it not. WHOLE. These noted gardens in London now stand, Once frequented by Charles the First's gay band. 26. A learned town my whole you say Which boasts a university; Over my first my second is, A boon to all in the city. 27. My first is a river, my second is a vowel, my third is a measure, and my whole is a plant. 28. My first is to behold, my second is a preposition, my third is made in England, an I my whole is seen in most houses. 29. My first is a European person, my second is an animal, and my whole is an animal. Conundrums. 30. Why are the speeches at a tea-party like the letter U ? 3I. What drink and personal adornment does a lady and gentleman waltzing suggest? Cryptograph. 32. D delwt ket ak 1 thwl il uilt, Tielwi dt ee wewl uielwt il; D weel ilut dk til deetu de udkw, Lkt ewe eoea toll te toll.
Quotation Acrostic. 33. "Be good, sweet maid, and let who will be clever; Do noble things, not dream them all day long." The name of the author of the above lines will be found in the initials of the poems from which the following are taken:- I. Wild timid hares are drawn from woods To share his home caresses, Uplooking to his human eyes With sylvan tendernesses. And while he spake to these his helm was lowered, To which for crest the golden dragon clung Of Britain ; so she did not see the face, Which then was as an angel's. 3. The world is full of horrors, troubles, slights ; Wood's harmless shades have only true delights. 4. The butterflies fold their wings of gold, The dew falls chill in the bower, The cattle wait at the kineyard gate, The bee hath forsaken the flower.
Oh ! happy skylark, springing Up to the broad blue sky, Too fearless in thy winging, Too gladsome in thy singing, Thou also soon shall lie Where no sweet notes are ringing. 6. How richly glows the water's breast Before us, tinged with evening hues, While facing thus the crimson west, The boat her silent course pursues. 7. See the soft green willow springing Where the waters gently pass, Every way her free arms flinging O'er the moist and reedy grass. 8. Day is dying! Float, oh swan, Down the ruby river; Follow, song, in requiem To the Mighty Giver. 9. Where the grouse lead their coveys through the heather to feed, And the shepherd tents his flock as he pipes on his reed.
ANSWERS TO PUZZLES On pages 559, 560.
i. Lifeguard. 2. Ayrton. 3. Window(e). 4. Logwood. 5, Donkey. 6. Pillow. 7. Horseman. 8. Wealthless. 9. Soap bubble. io. Shoeblack. 11. Schoolboard. 12. Seascale. I3. Tom-boy. I4. Spinage. Rose. Singapore. I5. Cowper. Horace. ;6. Irving. Rabelais. Voltaire. Isaak Walton. Nemesis. Garrick. i7. Conic. O! so! so! Noble. Islay. Coeyt.
18. Ice. Cen(tre). End. 19. Flea. Loan. Ease. Anew. 20. Avon. Vine. Onyx. Next. 21. Here lies our sovereign lord the king, Whose word no man relies on, Who never said a foolish thing, And never did a wise one. 22. Tours. 23. Venice. 24. Hydrangea. 25. Epidemic. 26. Skate.