PUZZLE PAGES.
____ IIdU 0\ /1 AA
46.-CHARADE. FIRST. 011TH rush the levant and the potent winds, And we with them rush forth to northern shores, To find no welcome there but cold, fierce foes, That tell us plainly we are "awful bores." Of old the orient splendours were our own, We scorned the shelter in the north we seek, The fair earth's treasures were to us all known, And we were never then described as weak. But darker days have come, and we have sailed In ships, and not in sieves, and with our tails- Our tales of wrong-to lands that love us not, Mid sunshine, storms, and hurricanes, and gales- Lauds where the people cannot see afar In us the glories of a backward star.
SECOND. SlRuin seize thee! ruthless"--anybody, SRuin," 1. say, and give me more hot toddy ! " Ruin," quoth you-" there's ruin in the toddy-- Ruin for thee, for me, for anybody. Come, come, be steady, now, you really oughter Subscribe the pledge and take to toast-and-water; Your health, your weath, your character won't stand it: It asks your life and money like a bandit; It is to you my second-no doubt about it. Join cold water volunteers, and swiftly rout it!" MY WHOLE, I shall go forh to-night. There are clouds in the sky and a capful of wind. I shall go forth to-night. Danger lurketh within doors, but there is. Safety in the free air. Forth goes he after affectionate embraces, Yet he looketh back at his wife and little ones wistfully. There is vengeance in his heart-" They hunt us, worry us, star us, poison us, close buttery and larder against us. Good sooth, we wil have revenge! we will feed upon their timbers and bring down tl house!" He is valiant. Poison he defies; he sniffs it. Traps he derides, a shirks them. But dark destiny is over him. Fate sits in the dry sale butt, and there he finds-and recognises with a shriek--my wholeo! 47.-CHARADE. She put her first before her second, And as at me she looked, Amongst her slaves I soon was reckoned, Indeed I soon was booked. Ere twelve short months had passed away My whole had named the wedding day. 48.--CIIARADE. To my second thus I said: "Bring along my whole now quickly," Said my second, as he sped, "I am coming, sir, directly !"
Soon my whole to me he brought, And my first I was relieved of, And I'll say, as sure I ought, Thanked be he who it conceived of! 49.-CHARAD . My first is always first, My second, it is plain, Is second, first, or third In nearly every train. My whole is what I always choose, And in my journeys always use. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 241, 242, 244.) 3O.--.My first, Hor's sacred mount, half horror.makes, My second, nets, have ofttimes first-rate takes, My third, a nest, 's avery pretty thing When tenanted by creatures that won't sting, But when my whole combines about your ears- A hornet's nest-why, we'll excuse your tears ! 31-The General Post-office. 3:2.-Westminster Abbey. 33.-Mansion House. 34.-When places like my first, an inn, Are haunted by a spectre, If you inspect you'll mostly find 'Tis only an inspector! 3:.-Ere you've in my first invested, And the ring is fairly bought, Let (my second).me suggest it, Then I think you really ought Previously to have a token- Say a ringlet, like my zwhole- But if consent has just been spoken, You can claim no further toll. 36.-A court my first is, a scene of splendour Not often the source of such episodes tender As a training ship (a kind of my second); A ball-room for these is more properly reckoned.
-I.- tt r' ..... l
51.--CI ARADE. I. Wiggle waggle, dong ding, dong, Waggle wiggle, ceaseless song, Wiggle waggle all day long, Now about my neighbour's state, Now my servant wench to rate, Pitiless on my poor pate- And that's my first. II. Merrily, merrily over the sea, The sky is bright and the wind is free; We sing as we toil For the silvery spoil, But without our host we have reckoned If we have forgotten my second. III. Oh, but he was a nice young man, And she was a charming little spinster, She lived somewhere in the great Mayfair, And he lived in Westminster. All other men sought her in vain, She said she wanted "a soul," But my Westminster man he conquered her, For he was, in fact, my whole.