PUZZLE PAGES,
80.-PUZZLE. N0; I did not like it, so I'll not deceive you; It matters nothing now, that may relieve you, The half horror of my situation made my first; I was so completely caught, that was the worst-- Caught as though my second had been used to do it-- Yes, there was 'I, and everybody knew it. I had thought to build a happy third, Just she and I, a male and female bird, Cock Robin, Jenny Wren, to bill and coo, Or whatsoe'er it be the birdies do, When suddenly, as summer's thunders roll, She and her kith rose up and made my whole. I don't know what I'd done, nor why they did it; The.fault's not mine-not mine-no, Heaven forbid its I sought for honey, but I got the sting; And worst of all, I had bought the wedding-ring. ANAGRAMS.-LONDON BUILDINGS. 81. Thee, nice soft regal fop. 32. Mrs. I Stew baby in Tee. 83. O ! ma ! shun noise,
34.-CHARADE. It was a stormy night, My first I gladly hailed, And of its warmth and light Quickly myself availed. The midnight hour was near When I was shown my room- A room that chilly was and drear, And wrapped in dismal gloom. I laid me down in dread, Strange sounds I thought I heard, When by my bed appeared My second and my third. I could not move nor speak, I dared not strike a light, I could not give a shriek, I gasped in mortal fright! Then thus the phantom spoke:- "I haunt my first, and so"- It was a ghostly joke- "My whole's a policeman. Bo" And with that sound the ghost withdrew I guessed his meaning-say can you? 35.-CHARADE. When I courted pretty Lizzie, She then wore her hair in curls, Not with chignon rolled or frizzy-- Oh! she was the best of girls. One day I said, "Lizzie, do now Let me have now just one whole; If you don't indeed 'tis true now I shall not my grief control !" Well, she gave me one, I hid it In a wrapper next my heart, And one day I went and did it- Bought my first-now do not start. "Lizzie! second me, I pray you," Said I then, "to fix the day." Lizzie blushed and said, "Away you!" "Yes" by that she meant to say !