Сб. OHARİDES. I
I. My first, my next, my third, and me, Went all to town, my whole to see. II. With my first in my pocket I went to the fair, And second ani total procured for it there. III. A oonveyarce in front, a conveyance behind, A vowel botWjou, а conveyance oombined. IV. So averse is my second and third to my fi rst, That he'd send all who wish it to whole if he durst. W. Δ. Sorn. PICTORIAL REBUS ft 67. HIDDEN FRUITS. The map pleased him, and ho did not keep me loner, for lhe crape arrived as a pale monkey halt ignited the paper, as the little cur ran to seize him. 68. LOGOGRIPH. A part of your body, if you behead, Tiie nnme of a troo you'll have instead ; Now change my head, and then you'll see, That a well-kuo-.vn plant my last, will bo, J. W. Hopkinson. 69. TRANSPOSITIONS. A demon took a real mop, a lamp, and one clog, to beat a lean dog. He mado it lick miro off the panels, and then went to dinner on a crab alone. In the above will bo fouud thc names of eight towns. A. H. S.
PICTORIAL REBUS. sow HitMb What two towuä aro he resented ? 70. TRIADS. ι. E.iťre, 'tis the aot of a madimu to do ; Place my head to my tail, I proclaim what is trne ; Onco again, and tho truth then is hold to your viow. II. I'm what ev'ryono does when to sleeping incliu'd ; Placo my head to my tail, and somo fish you will find ; Ouco again, and another is brought to your miud. III. First а river in Tartary of China you see ; Head to tail, thon α river of Ireland 'twili be , Ouco again, then in either go angle for me. iv. In tbe East it is found, 'tis a venomous thing ; Head to tail, it is chauged to a health-givin? spring ; Once again, a French step to your notice I bring. G. F. Long. 71. DOUBLE ARirHMOREM. 1051 nnd torabe, an American town ; 51 and neg, a Sootch town ; 52 and pepz, a German town ; 550 ami wiige, a Per ¡iau town ; 502 and an, a country in Asia ; 101 and nuron, a fabled animal ; 1550 and f ayeen, a Swiss town. The initials and finals read down by you, two woll-kuown countries will bring to view. S. Boxhoen. Answers to the above will appear in No. 40.