Св. LOGOGRIPH. I'm Ыаск ns ink, tho truth of that you'll know By cutting me halves, I toll you so ; My other'half you cannot say is cold, But just as my tail is liked by youug and old. Cut off my head, and like an owl I cry ; My tail as well, " Who did it ?" then ask I. Divide what's left, one part beoomes a debtor, The other exclaims, though but а single letter ; Child of the fire am I, but she, inhuman mother, Often consumes me with а dreadful smother. J. G. R. 67. DECAPITATION. A Munster river if you behead. The name of α fish you'll have instead. PICTORIAL REBUS. Tyro. 68 DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A curso, a blessing, as 'tis usod, We give, we lead, we trade of; My primais tell you what is, My yiaals what 'tis made of. 1. My 'first is a mother, my second's the same, My -whole may be also, pray toll mc tho name. ir. A weight I am and small at that, And I'm first corn-in to α cat ! Ill, I am elegant, clean, naught about me that shock*, Aud yet I'm α cow, or perchance I'm au ox ! IV. I'm never first, no, never am original, I'm superuumer.iry» or additional, v. N0 pleasant place, aud by no means α hot laud, A barren island to tho north of Scotland. Ab ftrn 10. 6Э. CRYPTOGRAPH. OSV ODL XLXPH. Gdl xlxph wrhkfgvw uli gev, hlevivitmgb lu z wfmt- sıoo, gsv yzggov dzh xifvo zmw z yollwb, zmw dzh nzrmgzrmvw z olmt, grnv drgs vjfzo hfxxvhh lm ylgs, hrwvh zg ozhg lmv ivgrivw zmw, dvmg zmw srw sruhvou, rm z slov : gsv xluijfvili xornyh gl gsv glk lu z, slfhv xozkh rgh hrwvh drgs rgli drmth, zmw xildh olfwob rgh erxglib z c togfin, durin dzh slevirmt rm gsv zri Bvzih zmw, hvvh srn íizpvli z hfwwvm hdllk Im sm, zmw xziirvh sru Inu rm srh gzolmh. H. Ooxd. PICTORIAL REBUS. 70. CHARADE. A schoolboy eagerly sucking my first, My second on his back received, With an awful loud yell, into crying he burst; He was hurt, if noise may be telieved. My whole in the Islands of West-India grows, Where Yellow Jack mokes many " turn up their toes. 71. DIAMOND. The cap of а dunce upon a very littlo thing, A county greon, in whioh no nightingale may sing ; A sign of grief and sorrow and the eud of man, Put them all togcthor, if you can, E. G. Lovell. 72. REVERSION. If you a foreshadowing please turn rouud, A word meaning nobody will bo found. F. W. Bisstead. 73. ANAGRAM. О lean B.D.'s life of care. Answers to the abovo will appear in No. C9.