fe 170 DIAMOND PUZZLE. Tk
DA The end of kings. What is going on in Turkey. Not so high. An ancient warrior. A common noun. A great noise. The thirteenth letter of the alphabet. AV. H. Goate. 171 CENTRAL DEL1ÏTIONS. 1. From a part of a year the centre delete ; Av.d a small-winged insect you'll have complete. 2. If you erase the centre of what means to bar out, A word meaning beloved, you'll have without doubt. 3. If tho centro is taken from a weapon of war, An article oft seen in boots it will leave, I'm sure. Fred W. Süitley. 172. LOGOGRIPH. Required five words, containing the snmo letters, to answer to the following descriptions:—Bad, wicked, a cover to conceal, life, and a priest's name. J. F. Etherinoton. PICTORIAL REBUS. W t.Y 11 51 PK HCl 173. rCJBLE ACROSTIC. Oh ! mny the jirinitils, sweet nnd joyous, All our humble efforts crown ; And the /(liais ne'er nuuoy u«, Witli its soul-destroying frown. 1. A fabled hero, first I name, 2. And next, a uear relation. 3. For this, a noted town I claim, Seen in a foreign nation. 4. Tho next one docs in water dwell, 6. An insect, this is showing ; 6. A modern actor's name, I tell, 7. Aud last, u river (lowing. John Sürrev". 174. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. In power o'er Rome, he made frosh rules and laws, And theu abjured the Christian faith and cause; Until, in battle wonnded, he felt death's dart so keen, 'Twas then ho eric d, " Oh, thou hast conquered mc, oh, Galilean !" Goth who onco mode war 'gainst Greece, aid over run the laud, Elated with liis victories, on Rome marched with his band ; And after taking it by storm, gave it to his vile horde, To pillage, plunder, and to sack, by lire, aud by sword. 1. Here Prussians tied, the French thus claimed the day ; 2. With some people I am common, at least so they will suy ; 3. A syren, whose witching loveliness, is beyond onr mortal ken ; 4. A deep and rapid stream that flows through forest, wood, and glen ; 5. An Italian, and a painter, r-ossossed of wondrous skill ; 6. 'Tis used to court Nature's sweet balm, by persons weak and ill. Chás. Marsu. PICTORIAL REBUS. 175 CHARADE. 'Tis said that when with first we're born, Our evil fortune will ne'er mourn; Now a conjunction brine to mind, To supposition 'tis inclined. My Olirci a gift of nature sweet, A thing of earth, your view will meet ; My wïiolc, if you but guess aright, A vegetable brings to sight. FOB 17δ. OMEGRAM. Whole I am a clown ; change my I ail, and I am a garden tool ; change tail again, and I am α swine ; again change tail, and I nm a bitter plant, once more change tail, and I mean fiery. H. 1İAMKA.N. Answers to tbe above will appear in No, 56.