П2. CHARADE. An eastern whole sat down to his dinner, And drunk many drinks whicii were first, And thi n he second, the greedy old sinner, Until he was near fit to burst, Bojtrst were the wines which ho took with his meat, That they soon took effect, strong and sure, This old easteru orftole did rise to his feefc, And then fell a bang on the floor. F. W. BlN?TT!\n. 113. ENIGMA. Although possessed by everyone, By them I'm never seen ; For wore you to unfold me, 'Twould make you look quite green ; I never stop а moment, For evor I'm at work ; The consequences would be serious, Wero I my duty to shirk. T. Marshall. PICTORIAL REBUS. 114. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. I see, in ono of the gloomy cells of а feudal castle, which frowns defiance o'er the plaius of Germany, an herculean form, reposing his royal limbs ou а mean stone couch ; he dreams, and his visions are of war and slaughter, of red-cross knights and Tomplars, of sei- metars and Snracons ; he snatches at the side where his sword ehould have beeu, and, fancying himself still iu Palestine, utters the battle-cry which, buta short time before, would have sout whole troops of Saracens flying afc the sound. His visions change, and he dreams of his distant island home, the isle of warriors and gallant men ; he fancies be is thero, listening to the songs of his youth ; he wakes, and strange to say, tlie samo sounds still float into his ears ; lisiug to his feet, he listens, and recognising the notes of a favourito song, seizes his harp, aud answers in liko tones. G. Williamson. 115. DIAMOND. The head of a donkey. To call out. A savago beast. A bird. A London theatre. A London theatre. Posi¬ tion in the army. A number. The head of an eel. Central» read down aud across name а London theatre. E. G. Lövell. PICTORIAL REBUS. n ßi\ -$■ 116. DOUBLE ACROSTIC, Sleep on in calm repose, ye noble, wise, and brave. Rest from your toil and labour, within the silent grave ; A natiou mourns her lost ones, and a tribute of respect doth pay, In fond remembrance of ye brave, now passed away. Yo nobly did your duty, and left behind a name, 'Tis "last " to be recorded upon the scroll of fame ; Your memory shall for ever live iu first and foud ro- gret, Ye bravely fought life's battle, and nobly paid the debt. 1. A group of islauds famous for tho growth of fine mlm trees, 2. A character I now introduce, from Shakspere, if you please ; 3. In olden time, I was oft used by knight and warrior bold, 4. With different metals I am formed, and often bought aud sole : 5. A niant, or shrub, that's sometimes used to colour and to stain, 6. Necessity and want is all, of which I'll not com¬ plain. Cms. Maiîsh. 117. CHARADE. My first is nothing. Nothing ? Even less 1 Myiiei't is more—how much is not quite clear. My wJiolo exists till you the answer gue3S, Discover it, and then 'twill disappear ! G. F. Long. Answers to the above will appear iu No. 7G.