CHARADE. I hope that you are not ray firat, , If so, I've great compassion ; My second's in my first I know, And always is in fashion. My next gives light in house and street ; My fourth a means of locomotion ; And now I pray you, name my whole, An island in the Indian Ocean. 53. SQUARE WORDS. 1. The vital part ; a boy's name ; a reptile ; like a ram ; domestic articles. 2. To overtake ; of a sky-blue colour ; a knob in roots ; a kind of plant ; а kind of carriage. Crocodile.
PICTORIAL REBUS. XMo Ш\5
51. DOUdLE ACROSTIC. It helps to make tho poet's numbers sweet ; Thu painter's and the sculptor's touch more truo ; The trav'ller's heart with hope or joy to beat ; Th' bravo soldier's dashing charge unswerving too. 1. Form'd for reflection—beautiful and bright. As stars that twinkle " in the summer night." 2. A woman's name the letters truly show, Which was in use threo thousand years ago. 3. A soothing balm for headache splitting— Besides, 'tis pleasant with young ladies sitting ; While steam from " hissing urn " about is flitting. 4. 'Tis said that laughing has cured many ills, Better than draughts or homoeopathic pills ; A person, then, this quality possessing, To his or her associates is а blessing. 5. A town in shire of Rutland please review— I crave leave for a rhyme to say adieu ! Huan RusniNCTON.
PICTORIAL REBUS.
55. CONUNDRUMS. ; Why is Virgiuia like a lively tune ? Why is a river like a door ? A. II. S ALES. 56. LOGOGRIPH. There is a word of letters four, Which if you carefully look o'er You'll lind, besides being forwards said, Can easily bo backwards read. If you tbe letters shift about, Two other words may be made out ; From these signs of four letters each, Some persons could four lessons teach. The first thing referr'd to, all share but can't see, The next happens when shell is fir'd off by fusee j Au insect next follows of no great account, The last helps to make up a total amount. Each letter has also the sound ofa word, Aud tho' you may thiuk the description absurd, A sentence and two other words can be made, This riddle unriddle, do not be dismayed. Jeremiah Cobweb. Answers to the ubove will appear in No. 14.