PUZZLE PAGES. S.6.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
N eminent Frenohman, whose magnificent tomb and statue Peter the Great visited when in France. When there he embraded the figure, crying, "Great man! if thou wert still , I would give thee, without regret, one-half of my kingdom in order to learn of thee how to em the other half." The first syllables of the names here below That of our hero truly will show.
1. A bravo English king, In Palestine fam'd. For his courage and valour A surname he gain'd. 2. A very long river In the north-east of Spain, And yet it has only A very short name.
J. A town of Peru Is the name which comes next; And as 'tis the chief You can't be perplex'd. 4. In Asia now search For a large liver's name, Nine letters in all It does contain.
7.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
famous dancer, born in Florence, and a il of Dupri. He obtained great fame at Opera iu Paris. His vanity was even greater his talent, for he often used to say, " There onl" three great men in Europe-I, Voltaire, the King of Prussia I" (Fredoerick II.) , An Emperor of Rome, a wicked, gluttonous; cruel man. One day, visiting the field of le after his lieutenants had gained for him ctory, he uttered these shocking words:-- 'a body of a dead enemy smells sweet I" . The English king who instituted an order of hthood, and at the same time spoke these ds-" Iloni soit quci sal p pensc." . A Grecian sage, who, having paid Creasus, rich King of Lydia, a visit, that monarch, ipride, displayed his riches before him. philosopher, instead of being struck with azement (as Crorsus expected) at the sight of much magnificence, merely remarked, "Let account no man happy before his death." . The translator of the Scriptures into Eng-
lish who was condemned to be burnt for heresy. When fastened to the stake he cried with a loud voice, "Lord, open the eyes of the King of England 1" 5. A river which formed the domestic boundary of a great empire. It was crossed by a cele- brated man who was leading his army thither, with this exclamation-" The dio is cast !" 6. A country to which James II. was going on an-unsuccessful endeavour to regain his crown, when the parting words of Louis XIV. of France to him were-" The best thing I can wish you is, that I may never see you again." 7. A famous philosopher who was unjustly accused, and condemned to drink poison. His wife was lamenting that he had been unjustly condenmed. " Wouldst thou rather," said he " that my condemnation had been just ?" If each of these names You write down as you find, The answer is plain By th' initials combined.
8.-ENIGMA.
rora rosy gates we issue forth, ro eCast to west, from south to north, seen, unfelt, by night, by day, road ue take or aniry way. e foster lov and lindly strife, Le bitter and the soweet of life; 'rciru asld sharp, we wound like steel, 00 ooth as oil, those wounds we heal.
Not strings of pearls are valucin more, Nor gems encased in golden ore ; Yet thousands of us every day Worthless and vile are cast away. Yo wise, secure with bars of brass The double gates through which we pass For, once escaped, back to our cell Nor art, nor man, can us compel.
9.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERUB. L2I iaidl
10.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. 4"
My first, the harbinger of spring, Flouts the air with rapid wing; Crawls the earth in savage mood, To seek its banquet fierce of blood. My second o'er the earth and sea ~Raves in savage revelry, Spreading ruin wide o'er all
Which beneath its rage may fail. My whole the fiery charger reins, Holding him in firmest chains ; He may champ and he may rear, He may plunge with wildest fear, Still restrained, his master guides; Safely sits, and fearless rides.
11.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. _ A ntC
The initials of the following form the name of a French emperor, the first of his name, who was crowned King of Italy at Milan. He placed the iron crown of the kings of Lom- bardy upon his head with his own hands, ex- claiming, " God has given it to me ; beware who touches it I" The finals of the four first form one of the most tyrannical of Roman emperors, who, when young, appeared humane and compassionate; for when a warrant for the execution of a criminal was brought to him to be signed, he would cry out, " Would to Heaven that I had never learned to write 1"
1. The former capital of a Large i. .... Pire. Its name means "southern court.' 2. A Portuguese division, which derie name from the Arabic, "El Gharb"-tbc 3. A. European monarch who founded capital of his empire, which takes its from its founder. 4. The second town in Portugal. 5. The name given to the eastern Sahara, or the Great Desert. 6. The ancient capital of Media. 7. A large Prussian river. 8. An English town, noted for a bttlef in 1645.
24; FS63