PUZZLE PAGES. 372.-CHARADE.
Y first is a sweet little damsel, Her mouth is a casket of pearls, While the merry wind always is sporting With her tangled gold network of curls; Her eyes keep the tender reflection Of the sky, whence she lately came down, And her bud of a mouth has a sweetness Of expression that's purely her own ! She has very strong loves and dislikings- She can shriek, and can stamp in a pet, But repents with a kiss, and entreats you SWith sweet eager lips to forget. ,A When she puts on my second, I ponder On the old fairy legend, and pray (Half in earnest) no wolf may be lurking, My darling to scare on her way. 'Tis the bright age of gold! that brief season We possess when we enter my whole; Skies are bluest, and blossoms are sweetest, And streams in pure merriment roll! So enjoy it, my darling; my second Ne'er sheltered a prettier first. Years hence you'll recall with sad pleasure How fondly my whole was once nursed!
373.-CHARADE. "Fatima ! Fatima ! Fatima I Where is the trust I confided to you? Don't smooth down your ringlets and play with your shoe, But answer me, madam, and answer me true, For I'm seriously angry, and properly too l Oh, Fatima ! Fatima ! Fatima ! How long, uncomplaining, my second I've borne In my new set of shirts that I've scarcely yet worn, The buttons are minus, the collar is torn, And never replaced, ma'am, by you. Now my first is mislaid just as Dulcimer Brown And Twisleton Smith of the 10th have run down For a couple of days' recreation from town; What the plague, ma'am, now are we to do ?" Poor Bluebeard ! he storms, he raves, and he fumes; His moustache fiercely twisting, he stamps through the rooms ; While fair languid Fatima quickly assumes A most injured and innocent air. "If you talk of my second, pray look at your foot,
Where your friend 1MIr. Smith dropped a glow ing cheroot, And Ringpole has not got a morsel to suit For mending-I'm quite in despair. And as for my first, I've not seen it, I vow; I dare say it's quietly pocketed now In the very last coat you might wear I" Then Bluebeard grows furious, and stamps as he goes, And Fatima shrieks as he treads near her toes, And threatens to faint, and so calmer he grows, And searches his pockets to see If my first can be there, when my second he spies, And Fatima spitefully laughs as she cries, "Its way of escape yon may be !" When it happens that Bluebeard, in turning his eyes, Sees my first in my whole, and delighted re- plies, " Here's myfirst to the puzzle, and clearly the prize Of its finding is due, dear, to me I"
374.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A Roman who his country saved When danger threatened near; For Rome was by the Gauls besieged, Who round it did appear. For service rendered, his reward Was equal to his deeds; A house was built, a public fund Appointed for his needs. But restless and ambitious thoughts Now caused his overthrow; He from the high Tarpeian rock Was headlong cast below. 1. A general who fought the Gauls, And slew the Gaulish king. 2. A Grecian kingdom, in its time Both rich and flourishing. 3. What city was by Ashur built, The eldest son of Shem? 4. Who to be slaughtered as a foe Did Antony condemn ? 5. Where did the great Ulysses reign, A wise and valiant king ? 6. From whence do France and England too Their stores of cotton bring? 7. An ancient people, brave and stern, Who pain were taught to scorn; To live but for their country's good, And thus their state adorn. The letters first in order read, Thus when you them unite, Plainly you see this is the way To find the name aright. 375.-CHARADE. The student o'er my first 'doth pore From early morn till night; My next is buried 'neath the earth, And seldom sees the light. My whole a fancy has for books, Devouring many a line; And now I think you ought to guess This short charade of mine. 376.-ENIGMA. My family's large, as you'll surely agree, For fifty or more can claim kindred with me; To royalty, too, I am largely allied- I can count more than one king and queen on my side. Yet must this degrading confession be made, A fourth of my people subsist by the spade ! Yet I'm sure there's no need, for our riches are great, In Golconda itself we've a largish estate. My dealings are various with most of mankind, In France I leave all my low kindred behind.
I've severe codes of laws, if you break them you pay, For the Board of Green Cloth all our doings survey. I'm suitably clothed from my top to my toe, I follow my leader wherever I go. I've a seed and a waiter, a face and a back, I play on the horn and I carry a pack. I've a sensitive organ that lies on the left, Yet of conscience I fear I am wholly bereft, And four of my family, sad to relate, Are rogues to the backbone, and pests of the state. One vagabond portion, as black as your hat, Are given to "shillelaghs," like wild Irish Pat. I am highest and lowest, can take and can leave, I'm loaded with honours, yet prone to deceive; I swear and I curse, I'm ashamed to confess, Yet nobody owns me or uses me less i Yet I blush for my sins, turning painfully red, Or go into penitent mourning instead; Whereat, in great terror, I tremble and quake, Or in some lone puddle my dwelling I make. To conclude, if my habits don't suit your desire, Pray revoke my acquaintance or cut me entire ! ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &e. (Pages 365, 366, 367, and 368.) 334. Redbreast. 335. Hood. 336. 1. Creeper. 2. Spoonbill. 3. Bee- eater. 4. Blackcap. 5. Bullfinch. 6. Chough. 7. Crane. 8. Fieldfare. 9. Knot. 10. Lark. 11. Goose. 12. Nightjar. 13. Stilt. 14. Stonechat. 15. Kingfisher. 16. Kite. 17. Swallow. 18. Wheatear. 19. Wryneck. 20. Rose-coloured Pastor. 21. Roller. 22. Shoveller. 23. Crossbill. 24. Hobby. 25. Swift. 26. Merlin. 8837. ITALY, ARISE ! IdeA-TeaR-AlkalI- LasS-YokE. 338. At. 339. Love-locks. 340. Because he is sure to retain a pupil. 341. Because it ends in smoke. 342. Because he feels like a fish out of water. 343. Because you hear a report. 344. A leaf. 345. Teapot. 346. ROser, FALL I RooF-OmcgA-MilL- EarL. 347. Clay-pipe. 348. N-chanting - B-leaving - A-waiting - O-penning. 349. Stone. 350. Kew Road (Q rowed). 351. Because he x claims (exclaims). 352. Because a rail is necessary.
877.-PICTURE PUZZLE. Why is this old genitleman like a chicken with apoplexy? 378.-ENIGMA.
A nice kind of nut that is found on a tree; A small kind of swallow you often may see; A part of a circle, not more than the half ; A person employed to raise a great laugh;
A magnificent tree,.in England 'tis grown; * A point of the compass, to mariners known. If now the initials of these you will take, A very large river together they'll make.
379.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. Near Temple Bar. 380.-ENIGMA.
The bark of a tree, in Ceylon it is found; An article next, it is easy, to sound; An animal found wherever there's water; A huge iron ball shot out of a mortar; A large kind of screen to keep off the rain, To this must be added a man's Christian name ;
A captain of note, who sailed round the world ; A dull heavy metal, from guns often hurled;' A fiery mountain in Sicily's clime. And now well consider this puzzle of mine; The words write in order, the initials well mark, You'll find out a jewel that shines in the dark.