PUZZLES. PICTORIAL TRANSPOSITION ACROSTIC.
8V" I 4/f ," ' " . z iy , , 1,, 6 ~~14 ~ C- ANN Find the words represented by the illustrations numbered x to 8, and transpose each word to make another word, so that the initial letters of the whole taken in the same order may give the word represented by the central picture.
SINGLE ACROSTIC. SHO'S this that rides, with might and main, From London town to Ware ? Is it to try a race to gain, Or country folks to scare? i. A wondrous stalk he climbed, and found Himself at last on fairy ground. 2. In the night he doth delight Afar to stray, in search of prey. 3. "The rats ! the rats !" Unhappy man ! Escape their vengeance if you can. 4. By putting his glass to his damaged eye. The sign to stop fighting he failed to descry. 5. Knights there are many 'tis very true, But of this order there are but few. 6. A wondrous story of ancient fray; The Greeks fought well, and won the day. 7. Not boys and girls alone delight in these; Strange that sweetstuffso many folks should please I 8. As good a game is this to play As any I've met with for many a day. I _________________ ___ ___ _____________________
9. Warm sun, bright skies, and Nature's smiling face Combine to make this country full of grace. io. Alack-a-day ! this word is nothing ; so How to describe it best I do not know. QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. j OUR animals, all mentioned in a rhyme to children - clear ; 'The third and fourth assisted at the grave, it seems quite clear, WVhilst the first supplied a dish, and the second was the clerk, At the funeral of a comrade, victim of an archer's mark. i. Work in gold or silver thread Skilfully with jewels wed. 2. By old Euphrates and the Tigris bound, Part of a country, this my second's found. 3. For trimmings for dresses, For binding up tresses; What is it? Who guesses? 4. Nearly a London suburb-one letter only short; A little carriage also, of a special kind or sort.
CHARADE. N my first there stands a town, For learning held in great renown; My second is used for cooking food, MWhich, if properly done, is very good. If I pincih you, you will cry it (My third, I mean)-now, don't deny it. When Christmas comes my fourth will burn Bright on the hearth ; 'twill need a turn. My fifth's the end of charity, And also of hilarity. My whole now guess ; it tells Of joyfully-ringing bells.
FLOWER CHARADES. Y first's an animal NMA well known- Or animals, I perhaps should say ; My second each of us 1doth own; My whole's a flower, both sweet and gay. II. My first's a kind of ginger- bread, If brandy'sputbefore it; My second is a monster grim-- St. George, he tri- umphed o'er it. .\ flower old-fashioned is my whole, Or something burning in a bowl. III. My first soars high with cheerful song ; My second's borne by rider strong :
My whole's a flower that you may see- Pink, white, or blue, as it may be. IV. My first's a flower; a name my second ; My whole a funeral flower is reckoned. My first's a fop, neat as a pin ; My second's strong, and fierce, and wild; My whole's a very common flower, Well known to every child. NUMERICAL CHARADE. Y whole to you is quite unknown ; My 2, 4, 3 by boisterous winds is blown ; My 2, 7, 4 you take every day ; My r, 2, 4, 6 oft is brought to bay; My 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 is an evil passion; h~y 3, 4, 6 with housemaids is in fashion. My I, 2, 4, 3 lightens you at night; My 3, 4, 2 can't bark, but it will bite.
PICTUR PUZZE. (Sixi Nantes froam Anucient History.)
A RIDDLE. 'M useful to put money in, - No doubt you understand; 'Tis safer when thus put away Than kept too near at hand. Take off my head, and you will see An animal arise, Whose well-proportioned form bids fair To win the next year's prize. Now comes the very awkward part Of putting back my head; That done, you'd like to rest awhile If surgeon's work you dread.
If not, to amputate my tail You can at once pro- ceed, And then you'll see a little word That children soon can read. And surely they can use it too, The merry little folks ! To shout me out, .s.sonle will do-- It is the best of jokes. Now take my head away again, And nought is left to view ; As nothing can be done with that, There's nothing more to do.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. WO very useful articles of food ; J At dinner hungry children find them good. r. I twirl, I whirl; i'm not afraid To do my work with busy maid. 2. My name is changed from what it used to be; My ancient name, I prythee, tell to me. I am an island on Italian shore, And for anchovies famous was of yore. 3. A country north of India am I. 4. My name is linked with that of poetry. 5. I'm a young bird ; when other birds are sleeping, I from my parents' nest delight in peeping. 6. A word that's hard for some to say, And yet one hears it every day. MISSING LETTER PROVERB. VERY other letter being omitted. * I. V * R * A ~ I) ( I. y A*E E J*C C *A U *' 0*.
A CLASSICAL LETTER. ASTER Thomas Priggins was desired by the school- . "'master to write a classical letter to his parents; whereupon he wrote the following composition, into which he contrived to introduce twenty-eight names of gods, goddesses, men, women, and places of classic notoriety:-- " ]EAR PARENTS, " I am requested by the schoolmaster to write to you once more before the end of the term. It is with sincere sorrow that I shall give up all association with this place, and so mar scholastic employments, which I so long have enjoyed under Mr. Knowall. This is as bad a Monday as need be, and a chill essence or damp pervades the apart- ment. Even using my new comforter does not keep my throat warm, and the great-coat I had on is saturated with snow; and to this part, at least, of the room the fire does not penetrate. If this be winter it is indeed frigidife- rous (this epithet is my own), and there mnust be much skating to compensate. In the hall are some of the masters talking of me. They say 'If he has a turn for Indian affairs, let him go in for examination.' Now the idea of this path ensnares my mind. In spite of the frantic lion am I longing to go. I dare try the enormous plat of ground where the roses bloom, where blue skies smile, and erring races dwell. - The miner vaunts that gold is there, and I am up and ready there to seek my fortune. Do not think me a proser. Pin ever your hopes upon me, though I seem prolix. I only wish to tell you of these useful studies of mine, and " I remain, " Your dutiful Son, "THOMAS PRIGG1NS." A PUZZLE FROM SHAKESPEARE. A DISTRESSED poet has buried in his soliloquy and attempt at verse twenty characters from Shakespeare's English historical plays. PoreT oquitur : I have hunted the fox for days, and where the cub ran don't know. It has so unsettled me that I can't read or settle to writing, or I verses would make. When rye is blooming in the field, And o'er the lake the dapper cygnets glide, About the harbour bar dolphins in sport delight At eventide. No; I must do better than that if I can, or folks will laugh. I will try again- Allan-a-dale is a belted knight, A better can never be. Allan cast ermine robe about his form, And to war, wicked war, rode he. He fired a shot, spurred his horse, and lo ! 'Though rich, ardent, young, was he, Bad luck did befall; staff, sword-belt, and all Took wings and away did flee. It doesn't sound well. Either stupid I am, or time runs too fast. Yet once more- Alh, let me sing ! lo, stern the fates stand round Whilst I for joy or knowledge fondly ask- I'd willing lend, O were it mine to lend, What I require. Alas, alas ! Pegasus kicks. I will not try any more.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. IS rare, 'tis costly, pure and light, Transparent, piercing, clear, and bright. I'm found alike in bad and good, In mind and body, and in food. A little thing, and yet of mighty power, I'm wanted in the household every hour. " Death seeks the coward oft," Napoleon said, " But these lie leaves until their time has sped." I live at my ease Till killed by the bees. Attended by a lion and a knight She overcame, for was not truth her might ? A simple letter- Nothing better. A FRENCH PUZZLE. IR vent venir 1 vient d'un. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "T E hath a stern look, but a gentle heart," , Spoke a dear little prince, so fond and kind, To a man come to play a most cruel part, Yet who could not resolve to make the prince blind. I. No sooner had this monster lost one head T'han two appeared full cluickly in its stead. 2. To Erin belonging, yet now there's no lack Of them seen upon many and.many a back. 3. I-ow many a gallant volunteer To try his skill assembles here. 4. Though threatened with a fate forlorn, Yet happily wed was "''the Maid of Lorn." 5. A French king's counsellor was he, Trained master of diplomacy. 6. "''What, maiden, is that in your eye? " I cried. " Look at my dress, and see," she quick replied. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Y first's a river, where my second drew, r By sounds melodious, such a dangerous crew As caused my third, despairing, to engage To pay for their destruction heavy wage. . . . . A string of shells Used by an Indian when lie buys or sells. 2. .... .- lovely woman in the face, Below her waist a serpent's form we trace. 3. 1 am not called Sophia, though it is my name; But boys will clip it short--'tis all the same i 4. In East Slanders a town Of little renown. .5. An adjective that rhymes with fairer, Although, perhaps, a little rarer.