PUZZLE PAGES. 404.-CHARADE.
HE master of Ravenswood saddles his steed; S My first it has been at his sorest need; SFrom Wolf's Hope crags, from the ruined tower It carried him well to the maiden's bower, In his ancestor's home, and bore him where Lay wedded and buried the bride so fair. It has borne him well in field and fray, But a longer journey it travels to-day, r - For he "stables his steed at the Kelpie's flow, . And his name will be lost for evermoe 1" The Kelpie has come from his Norland cave, He has muttered his charms to wind and wave; His eldrich laughter, so shrill and high, ' Is heard on the wind as it passes by; A' For on my dangerous whole is spread For the last of his race a cold last bed. The sea-birds shall pipe, and the billows rave, O'er the master of Ravenswood's nameless grave. He has wooed the dead maiden-the Kelpie's flow Hides him and his steed for evermoe i The sea is calm, and the morn smiles fair On my second's expanse as he passes there; But my treacherous whole engulphs him fast, Till rider and steed from sight have passed Like a fading mist or a morning dream, While my second echoes the gleeful scream Of the Kelpie's laugh; where my whole was crossed Is one long black plume on my second tossed ! And the sea-birds pipe o'er the Kelpie's flow A dirge for one lost for evermoe ! 405.-PISCATOR'S PUZZLE.
I once went out a-fishing, A-fishing in the sea, And a very odd lot of fish I got, As you will shortly see. For first I caught a sunbeam, And a portion of a shoe, With a piece of moorland heather, And a pretty lassie too. I caught a situation To which I had an eye, And a prickly hinder portion That floated gently by. I caught a cooking apple, And a wildling sour as well, A tollgate from the king's highway, And'a past tense of a smell.
An insect on a streamlet, And a verb that disagrees, A crooked letter listening, And the signet of the seas. A shoe for icy weather, A thing to roast your meat, Some lime-wash for your ceiling, And a feathered creature's seat. I caught a woman's jewel, A letter on a card, And the hirsute one of ocean, Who was shod with an extra yard. The last thing I caught was a tumble, And that was enough for me; So that was the end of my fishing In the wonderful deep blue sea.
406.-R-EBUS. I am a word of five letters only; but if you take a lesson from bell-ringers and play the changes upon me, my combinations are infinite. My original word as it stands, spelt with three consonants and two vowels, signifies a weapon formerly in great repute, and still of much use I with savage nations. Transpose me, and I give I you some fruit of a wholesonti and delicious nature, chiefly imported from Guernsey and Jersey. Cut off one letter, and I give you a seed; transpose me, and I cut youtr corn; again, and I peel your fruit. Alter the letter, and I present a large form of the monkey trlbs to you, which, if you transpose again, you will donVert into a very largely-used leguminous food. Alter the letter again, and you will have the organs of a sense; transpose, and you level me to the ground again, and you mark me with scars. Alter my letters again,'and I grate for you, when, if you behead me, I become a poisonous reptile. Alter the letters again, and I go upon " 'Change;" transpose me, and I speak to a " medium." Alter me three times more, and I become successively the material for a dress, the blood of a plant, and what you must be. Finally, use my whole five letters once more, and if you are accustomed to the very useful grammatical exercise they show you, I think you ought to be able to make out all my meanings. 407.-CHARADE. liy first and my second had quarrelled one day, A beautiful morn in the middle of May; Cried my first, "Why, you foolish and impotent thing, Thus thwart all my rays ? why for ever thus fling A clamp chilly moisture o'er blossom and tree, When they wake in the morning to gaze upon me ?" ,y secondc replied, " Surely mine is the wrong, For wherever my refuge the summer-night long, When you lift in the heavens your glowing red face, Yoa swallow me up in the lowliest place; On the loneliest mountain, the poorest spot, No nook doth exist where you find' me notl" "I am sure," said myfirst, " thit I only smile On you glittering drops for a little while; If I poured on your head my fiercest rays You would understand what I meant by a blaze 1" "I feed," sighed my second, "the verdant bowers, And with nourishing drops I jewel the flowers; Wherefore, then, must you, 0 God of Day, Thus scorch me up with your fiery ray ?"
" I vow," cried my first, "that I mean no harm ; And if my glances are somewhat warm, Temper them, dear, with your cooling kiss, Then surely nothing will be amiss." So they wisely made up the quarrel, and then Made a fuittal treaty to benefit men. My frst gve a priomise his ardoUl to rein; My s~eond'Vowd never to quit her domain ; And as sign of thetireaty, a seal to the scroll, They invented ('tie under a patent) my whole. 'Tis a sweet littlb blossom, this mark of their froth, It bears the distinguishing features of both; For my first ltit its hues from his own glowing light, And my second adorned it with diamonds bright. So whenever you see it remember the quarrel Of my first and my second, and notice the moral: That sweet is the pardon and mutual amends Of a speedy forgiveness 'twixt two loving friends. 408.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The windows whence the soul doth look on life; A brief repose, oft snatched 'mid busy strife; A nation warm at heart, and rash of hand; The normal mood of a vivacious land; A" two-forked" creature, who supremely reigns; A favourite plan for gaining fresh domains. My first displays the intellectual task Our Magazine doth of its readers ask. It bids them whet their wit, and clear their brain, The mysteries set before them to explain. My second, who has aged grown and grey, Since (Edipus called on her in his way, Bids younger tyros solve the riddle fast, Or tremble at her sentence on them passed. ANSWERS TO CHARAnES, &e. (Pages 550, 551, and 552, Vol. IV.) 372. Childhood. 373. Keyhole. 374. MANLIUS (PUBLIUS). 1. Manlius (Tor- quatus). 2. Athens. 3. Nineveh. 4. Ligarius. 5. Ithaca. 6. United States. 7. Spartans. 375. Book-worm. 376. A pack of cards. a 377. Because he's dropped off his perch. 378. Almond-Martin-Arch - Zany-Oak t North. AMAZON. 379. Crane-court (crane caught). 380. Cinnamon-A-Rat-Bomb-Umbrella - Nathanael - Cook - Lead - Etna. CAn- BUNCLE.
409.-POETICAL PUZZLE. What line in Longfellow's " Evangeline" does this illnstrate ? 41--0.-E A 410.-ENIGMA.
I'm a crawling creature of humble birth, And live upon juicy green-meat, Yet the doctors oft order consumptive folks My nourishing jelly to eat. Behead me, I give you the horny shield That grows on a creature's paw, Which in animals lower than man assumes The form of a hoof or claw. In iron wrought I am widely used d;
So vast is my application, That I form a bartered currency With many a savage nation; While civilised people cannot dispense With me for their different races; I join their fractures, I mend their splitE I fix up all in their places. Yet I betray, when beheaded again, Sickness and sorrow, suffering, pain.
411.-FOUR PICTURED PA1RTICIPLES. ,,--- 413 Why is Honiman ure tea e newly fallen snow ,11 [ .',' .. ' _"_-..' . 1 " ' / !/ , "- r "ý CONUNDRUMS. 412. Why is a poker like an angry word ? 413. Why is Horniman's pure tea like newly-fallen snow