102. ANAGRAM.
I'll po to hew a tree, At Hawarden, this morn, Bill G. 103. ACROSTICAL OMEGRAM. When on this page yon look, a first you're sure ti see; Search old friend Johnson's book—to "wheedle" this will be ; Examine, now, tho stables, and prepare yourself to find * An animal, nnd, uuelerstand, plain straw, with clay combined. Every person on my fourth remembers having gazed : Behind its walls, of little worth, a fifth has often grazed ; Some people say they like tliis fish kept heated ere they eat. Bach answer now from you I wish, though 'tis no arduous feat. J. G. Lttmsden.
PICTORIAL REBUS. 1 u ga-t^í 104. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A
seaman ; a Polynesian island ¡ a woman win sews ; a kind of sword ; an Asiatic river ; the Saxon's para¬ dise. Initials and finals will name a European coun¬ try and one of its chief towns. 105. CLASSICAL REBUS. Δ celebrated Grecian city; oneof the Fateï; a ser* pent killed by Hercules ; a goddess of the Egyptians ; the mother of Apollo ; a name for the moon ; one of the Muses ; the god of sleep. Initials name a Grecian hero in the war lefoio Troy. 106. CHARADE. My first, with the ladies, is ever " the go," Of course ! for 'tis part of their fashion, you know,— It's tint mny be violet, yellow, or gray, And as to it's shapes,—they are legion to-day. My second's a colour of rather bright hue, And one, I am certain, that'e caused not a fe ν Keen strokes to descend on tho back of a youth, Who wickedly failed to acknowledge the truth. The first, when adjoined to my last, will declare The whole, which the reader, I hope, doesn't bear; For brilbant examples, sent down from above, Have taught us sweat lessons iu friendship and Ιυνο. J. G. L.
PICTORIAL REBUS. Π 107. OMEGRAM.
(Change of last letter.) Tho tail of a fairy, changed, is a qnndraped, I ween ; Repeat ; and when arranged, a sort of fish is seen ; Once more, and then we see a woTknown forest tree. J. A. Earle. 109. HERALD CONTRIBUTORS IN AMBUSH. Now marshalling their swains, are maidens coy, Let your love belong to her, Bertie, my boy. Robin steady, you have but amateur pr umnciation, Your own plan oheakmates to charm anticipation. No law submits to wrong, bet uinr* denominations, 'Tis in Clair's power to free many obligation.«. That same militia it Kent's ear lessons will teach, No fear, leal hearts, arch errors never preach. Siege of Delhi ; oh, tableau of gallant deeds. To brag or ring essays spite, lo ! vellication speeds. The winter ice is seen, Christmas joy-bells sounds Our staff in characteristic originalities abound. M, Rock.