PUZZLE PAGES.
CHARADES. 245. THE wind whistled loud round the castle wall, But loud was the bustle in Earlby Hall, For many a knight and many a lord Were to meet that nightround the Earlbyboard, With my whole, the lord of the castle, to dine, To taste his cheer, and to drink his wine. Mly whole took his place at the table-head, The guests were seated, and grace was said, And taken away was the soup-tureen, But never a fish in its place was seen ! Turbot, nor whitebait, nor salmon, nor plaice, Not the soul of a fish the board to grace ! A frown spreads over the master's face- " Sent I not Hal, the fisher bold, This morn two pieces of good red gold ? And sent the loon not back to me word He would send up all he might catch in my third ? Oh, well! I guess he is quenching his thirst In the Earlby Arms, seated snug in myfirst." But the wind was high, and the storm was groaning, And dismally, deeply, my first was moaning; And Hal the fisher lay dead on the shore, With my third in his hand, which never more He shall throw to the ocean's deep blue water; And, bending o'er him, his wife and daughter "My second! my second l" lamenting cry, While mingle their tears with the tears of the sky, And their pitiful wail with the tempest's groaning, And the dirge that myfirst is dismally moaning. 246. My first are little restless things, Moving as on tiny springs, Heaving with continual motion, Swelling like the waves of ocean; Ceasing from their motion never, Till they cease to move for ever; Sometimes warm and sometimes cold; Sometimes iron, as I'm told; Never, that I wot of, gold; Often soft, and hard as often- Time may harden, time may soften. Often bruised, and often riven; Oft in sunshine, oft in shade; Longed for where they are not given ; Given, unasked, and unrepaid. Ceasing from their motion never, Till they eease to move for ever.
My second's what poor mortals seek Day by day, and week by week; Seek, and often seek in vain, Hardly hoping to attain, As they toil with weary limb, Till head grows white and eye grows dim. What the titled rich enjoy, Not without some base alloy; What the noble spirit spurns When with glorious hope it burns. Most to whom 'tis given, abuse- Its only use is not to use. Spurn it, thou who wouldst be great, Lest thou miss a brighter fate. My whole, a well-loved, lowly flower, Springs on many a verdant bank, Wooed by sun, and kissed by shower, Though it be of lowly rank. In its small and velvet breast Pearly dewdrops love to rest, Glittering in the sun's warm beam Brighter than the diamond's gleam. Reader, when its name you've guessed, Pluck and keep it, and be blessed i 247. She was scarcely past my second, And yet she bore myfirst Wherever duty beckoned, Though fierce the firing burst Mid the clouds of smoke, Where the red flame broke; But she little danger reckoned As she slaked the wounded's thirst. My first slung o'er her shoulder, Presiding o'er my whole, She marched, no soldier bolder, Where'er the drums would roll, A vivandidre That knew no fear; The troops with pride enrolled her As one of noble soul ! CONUNDRUMS. 248. What description of time-piece is like a parrot ? 249. Whyis committing a theft like a certain fish? 250. Why is a French edict like a standard pint ? 251. What is the difference between a sonnet on a conspicuous article at a coronation and a pile of washed clothes ? 252. What woven material is geographical?
253.-CHARADE. Myfirst stood on a lonely moor; Its signboard groaned in rain and wind; But aye the traveller shunned the door, And passing glanced in dread behind. When strangers for a bit and sup Would draw the rein, not long they'd stay, Ere rushing out and springing up, To saddle they would ride away. It was a dreary place, my first, Where none stayed hunger or slaked thirst. For-so they said-my second there, Prodigious, terrible, gigantic, Would haunt the chamber and the stair, And play full many a fearful antic. Mine host, meanwhile, was not alarmed, But in the mansion calmly living, Appeared to find some custom charmed, For, with no business, he was thriving ! Was it not strange ? despite my second, His gains not easily were reckoned. At length my whole arrived, and took Within my hauntedfirst his lodging, Into my second well to look, And thus disclose the landlord's dodging. My whole then searched myfirst all round, As keen and shrewd as any beagle; My second was a sham, he found- The haunting spirits were illegal! And so mine host, despite his struggling, Was handcuffed by my whole for smuggling. 254.-PUZZLE. ily 1, 2, and 3, If you guess, you will be, I may venture to tell you, correot to a T. My 3, 1, and 2, When you happened to do, I hope that you likewise remembered to chew. My 2, 1, and 3- Well, really, you see; I am bound to confess that it's all Greek to: me. 255.-CHARAAE.] A word of six letters, Yet spell me with three, And my whole of myself You will speedily see. My first's the beginning Of fancy and fun, And my second the lead Takes of every one. My third is the prime Of all things.great and good; And they're all three in music, Wherenote them you should.
CONUNDRUMS. 256. If your brother's daughter were turned into stone, of what formation would she be ? 257. When is an officer in the army like the symbol of an uncertain quantity in algebra ? 258. Why is "was"' like a soldier's life in war-time ? 259. Why is a belief:in ghosts like an inferior assistant at a theatre plying the needle ? 260. When are screws like "four by honours ?" 261. Why is Louis Napoleon like an un- dressed member of Parliament? 262.-SHAKESPEAREAN ENIGMA. When my whole did 6, 7, 8, 9, 4, all 5, 9, 10, 6 were open to 2, 5, 9, 10 him. He was with- out 7, 8, 11, 10 among the men of his time, though it was his 2, 9, 7 to live in a noble 11, 10, 3. He hath made many a side 6, 2, 9, 4, 11 at his witty conceits, while his keen 1, 7, 5, 9, 10 pierced all abuses. He was somewhat of a 10, 3, 4, 11 in private life, however; and if we do not know whether he ever poached a 2, 9, 10, 5, we are sure he shot a deer, and escaped not blame for his 6, 2, 9, 10, 5 of the game. He was of goodly 6, 2, 9, 7, 11, and fair face, his smile being sweet as a July 7, 11, 9, 10. Beloved by the fairies, he tells what he 6, 11, 5, 1 at their revels, and his 2, 9, 10, 7 never sang more sweetly than in discoursing of them. But Time grew angry with him, and he is now. but lord of a little 2, 5, 3, 7 of earth who once could travel with Fancy over lands and 6, 8, 9, 1, and make all men love to 2, 5, 3, 10 him; and so they 4, 8, 11, 7 his memory green for ever. ANSWERS TO GCAKADES,, &c. (Pages 282, 283, and 284.) 198, Ear-ring, 199. Arms. 200. Spirits. 201. Dun-dreary-Dundreary. 202. Because it is a spire-ring (aspiring). 203, The retort. 204. When it becomes dazy (daisy). 205. Because. its hands move over its face about the l's (eyes). 206. Fairy tale. 207. And a-hunting we will go. To be read -& A hunting-double U e-W. ill-go. 208. Mole. 209. Bad workmen complain of their tools. To be read-B add-W o'er K-men C 0 M plane-of-T hair-two L's. 210. Because they all have their crosses. 211. Teniers (ten years). 212. Because he is tar-tanned (tartaned). 213. One " gangs awa," the other was a gang.
263.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. 264.-CHARADE.
If my frst is my second 'Tis sure to be fleet; If my second's my first, It is not fit to eat; And what is my whole Will depend upon whether My second and first You fit rightly together.
265.-A LINE FROM A BALLAD OF HAYNES BAYLY. ! - , - ' _-h~?
If my second comes first, 'Tis an animal; but If my second comes second, Why then it is nut. So if it's an animal, Then you may back it; But supposing it isn't, I leave you to crack it. TT.T4AT) ns TTAV ,T'q 1AVT.V
PUZZLES. 260. My whole is not a whole. Cut off one-fourth from the beginning, and it is one of the companions of science. If you wish to restore it to the same position as at first, cut off a fourth from the end. If you take a fourth from both ends at once, why there you are I 1 267. I am a word of four letters. If you leave me on all four I am an animal; but if you cut off my tail I become a reptile; and if you out off my head you will find me in a row.