.;^ч-чЧч^5ь!*1гЛ*
07. DIAMOND. The head of a pin, upon a littlo bird, And a part of that you have before you ; A very little thing, and α portiou of a ring, And these will form a diamond, I assure you. J. A. Earle. 08. HIDDEN POETS. 1. Apathy fosters open rebellion. 2. This news brought ablo men frem Italy. 3. Employ time blame¬ lessly ; otherwise court enquiry. 4. The honourable employer never crimps. 5. Able eyes aro found inside. 6. Assured thus, we playfully blinded her eyes. Young Devon.
PICTORIAL REBUS. €^=^P
09. CHANGES. A Scottish town, if you change my head, A river you will have instead. Chango head again, and you will find, Another town 'twill oall to mind. Change head once moro, and then I ween, A Scottish town is plainly seen. James Strokach. 70. DOUBL К ACROSTIC. Within this I love to roam, Amid tho gaudy vernai sheen ; And watch tho children ns they come To pluck tho fruit from tendrils green. To hear their merry voioas ring Through the shady, leafy grove, To hear their gladsome shouts thnt bring To mem'ry childhood days of love. 1. Before you all I represent A very spacious, great extent. 2. With patience go seek, 'mid the mysteries of Greek, And bring this vowel to light. 'ò. I beg to slate. I closely relato, By day, as also by night. 4. Should my con's he accepted, I shall be this, And study, hereafter, to me will be bliss. J. А. Ел RLE. 71. CHARADE. My first is never out, my second's but а letter ; My third will wa-to your ink—cr, if you like it bettor, My third will hold your Eheep ; my last is impress deep ; My whole is free and bold, aud will not be control'««]. J. H. Oliver.
PICTORIAL REBUS. Ш
72. CENTRAL CHANGES. I am a part of every human face, But change my centre, and you then will be Ablo my name in Devonshire to trace, So get your map and make a search for me. Change centre once again, and you'll behold The woman's name who first committed sin ; Again change centre, and in some wnrm fold, You'll find this with its lambs, if you peep in. Aud if you will change centre just once more, You'll have a word which means, I think, " before." F. W. Binstkad. Answers to the abovo will appe r in No. 93.