PUZZLE PAGES. CHARADES.
187. TT chanced, on one fine autumn day, I westwards took my thoughtful way, To hear what some folks had to say Touching a noble soul; One who had fought in Freedom's name; Of whom was spread abroad the fame; Who, though now brought to'grief and shame, Was honoured as my whole. I reached the spot; on every side, Far as the eye could stretch, and wide, Thousands unto the meeting hied, And met in one vast crowd; But scarcely had the speech begun, When, ripe for mischief or for fun, Unto the scene my first did run, With oaths and curses loud. Then quickly was a panic spread, And from the spot the speakers fled, As who should think a broken head No very handsome pay. Their rostrum then he boldly took, And at the crowd a bludgeon shook, Bidding each man to himself look, Else would he rue the day. But words like these soon led to blows, And then my second fierce uprose; Blood flowed from head, and mouth, and nose, 'Neath stroke of stone or brick; While in the thickest of the fight, Myfirst, with all his main and might, D1id lay about him, left and right, With cudgel stout and thick. At last, when, towards the close of day, There seemed an end unto the fray, I to myfirst made bold to say- Who seemed a genial soul- "MIy dearcstfirst, for goodness' sahk-- Though you my second well may make, Though you the people's heads can break- Think not you are my whole." 188. It was a bracing winter's day; Deep on the path the white snow lay; Koeenly the frost-edged north wind blew, Madly before it the snow-flakes flew. It was a fitful, wilful wind, Veering about, before--behind; Making my nose and lips quite blue, Nipping may toes and fingers too. Not that I cared so much for that; 'Twas the rude tricks it played my hat
That vexed me sorely, and made me sres That such a thing I was doomed to wear, And made of me a ludicrous scene, Grappling the cumbersome machine. I in such plight met a winsome maid Snugly in winter garb arrayed, Whom as I passed I sadly sighed, To mark between us the contrast wide; For myfirst, so warm and softly lined, Sheltered her neck from the searching ~ie Making a pretty, cosy nest For the fair head it softly pressed, And suffered only one stray tress Forth to peep in sweet wantonness. For ah ! she was an artful girl, Who the pow'r know of that one brightec Who, with an arch and subtle grace, Gathered my first round her smiling face And with an eye full of wicked glee My second did as she passed by me; And did the same as she peeped behind To see me fight with the blust'ring win= So parted we, but again to meet: Haunted was I by that face so sweet, That smile so arch, and that glancinge; Out from my first with my secoed sly; Again I sought her, again we met, And with that look I could ne'er forget, I was won to that fair syren's side, And one bright day made her my bride. But, ah me ! who will believe it tree? Sadly I learned that day to rue; For she, that arch, designing maid, Cruelly with my heart had played. With my first and second I now could" Faith, how she did my total me ! 189. By a placid lake, whose wavelets brenak bank with flow'rets fair, Bathed in the light of my first so 50 breathing. the soft night air, Two lovers walk, and sweetly talk, and words of the gallant youth Light up the eyes of his soul's sweet prize, my second they do in sooth. But, ah me I the theme of their happy is a tale so very old, That much I fear not even here may it be told. Enough to say that the lover's lay, sofl peaceful whole, Is poured at the feet of that lady sweet, thrills to her very soul.
d oh then the bliss of the rapturous kiss- uen though his moustache is red- strengthens her heart, for they now must part, and make haste home to bed. at, stay, I'm afraid-yes, it must be said- that youth has a seedy coat, a he's craved the boon-he'll return it soon -from her of a ten-pound note; d his lady-love, like a trusting dove, with a sweet confiding smile, th granted his prayer, for his words are fair, and she dreameth not of guile. xt day at dawn, the swain is gone-alas for that lady fair I- vcr back to come, and the maid is dumb, for of cash he's left her bare; d her gold watch, too ; she turns quite blue; so silly how could she be to trust that knave who did not shave ?-oh, goodness, gracious me! v, 'tis very plain that this artful swain, who his lady's needful stole, as a rascal bold, loved nought but gold, and his passion all my whole. MIATHEIMATICAL QUESTIONS. 90. On one of the racing days of the Royal nlon Rowing Club there was a sculling match ween two gentlemen, who shall be designated the names A and B. The conditions of the e were, that A was to have 100 yards' start, l was to row to a goal marked E, while B only to row to one marked F. When they t started, A's speed was to B's in the pro- lion of 40 to 39; but, when the distance wen the boats is only one-sixth of the ainicg distance that A has to row, the latter tleman's speed became sensibly diminished, the relative proportion between A's and B's ed was now in the proportion of 79 to 80, the consequence of this was, that in two ates more the distance between the con- ng parties is three yards more than half remaining distance which B has to row. At critical juncture, our friend Mr. B thought ould put on a spurt, and he increased his of speed by eight yards per minute, while SIr. A, not being so well trained, diminished by six yards per minute; in one minute SMr'. B gallantly arrives at his goal, F, A being at this precise juncture exactly e yards from his post, E. It is required, the above data, to find the distance which man has to row.. 91. A very timid man, of the name of John th, having road a good deal in the papers at robbers and garotting scoundrels, deter- ed to fortify himself against any attack
which might be made on him. He accordingly, one fine morning, went into several shops in Oxford-street, and purchased a revolver; which had 5 separate chambers, a life-preserver, which was loaded with 8 ounces of lead; and a sword- cane, the sword part of which was exactly 2 feet in length. On the same evening, with his purchases and about 35s. 51d., he set out to walk home through one of the most lonely districts of London. As he was on the point of going down a very narrov lane he heard foot- steps behind him, and saw 5 men, all dressed in corduroy ganents, and all with thick sticks in their hands fte sticks weighed exactly 1 lb. each), when Samth thought discretion was the better part of walour; he accordingly took to his heels and ran home-a distance of 3 miles -which he reached in exactly 2 minutes before the garotters could do it. Now, as J. Smith ran at the rate of 12 miles an hour, it is required to find in what distance the garotters would have run in 9 hours if they had desired to evade the pursuit of the officers of justice. 192.--HISTORICAL ENIGMA. My whole contains five letters, and is the name of a celebrated Grecian poet. Take away the initial, and the four remaining letters, slightly transposed, make the name of an ancient and very powerful city; transpose them again, and you have the name of a Chancellor of Eng- land who was beheaded. Of the two last letters now form the name of a small island off the western coast of France. 193.-AN OLD NURSERY RHYME DONE INTO LATIN. Humptius in muro concedit Dumptius alto, Humptins e muro Dumptius heu cecidit, Sed non regis equi reginm exercitus omnis Humpti to Dumnpti restituere loco. AsswEsns TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 550 and 551, Vol. II.) 145. Cold-water-cure. 146. BACON. 1. Roger Bacon. 2. Francis Bacon, Lord Verulam. 3. John Bacon. 147. Montezuma-Cimon. 148. Here's to the bashful maid of fifteen. To be read-Hears (two)-TIIE-beo-ash- Full made of 15. 149. Because it is a cat-a-comb. 150. Because each is a penny-tent. 151. Because it's pen-sieve. 152. Because it turns to a sup-porter. 153. A stitch in time saves nine. To be roead-A stitchin'-Time saves P. 154. Sponsor.
194.-TOPOGRAPHICAL. 195.-CHARADE.
I wooed and won the heart of young Clarinda- Of gentle birth was she, and wondrous fair- But when in holy bonds I sought to bind her, She said myfirst alone could grant my prayer. 'Tis true I knew my charmer did not mind her, Nor good or bad for her a button care; But for all that she very firmly said, Unless my first consent we could not wed.
Whom then I sought, full confident of melieg Her gracious sanction to my humble suit, But ah ! so cold and distant was her greeting, Hel:'air so much my second, I stood mute- Her very aspect stilled my pulse's beating; While at her feet my whole, a surly brute, Glared fiercely at me, till, o'crcome with lrea I seized my hat and stick, then turned and sis
196.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. ------- ------ - ~
197.-CIHARADIE.
'Twas a gay little garden, with bright flowers blooming, With serpentine walks so trim and so neat; Where, midst many odours the soft air perfuming, My whole shod its own so delicately sweet. In this Eden there sported a fair youth, beguiling With toys and with feasting the bright sunny hours
I drew near and questioned that child so bIN; Whose was this garden ?-who tended ti flowers ? The innocent paused, and stood in 0 mute, .thr Then suddenly into his rosy mouth th My second, a quantum of nasty unripe 1ri0, thicldy replied to my question-mfl"