PUZZLE PAGES.
297.--IIDDLE. F read baclkwards or forwards I'm always - the same, SThe title you give a respectable dame; - Behead me, the first of mankind I appear; SBehead me again, and a mother is here ! Curtail me two letters, and then you will see A terriblehuman afflic- tion in me i my head and my tail off together, a name will see that Lord Byron has handed to fame. these changes arise from five letters alone, which two are repeated. My riddle is done. 29S.-CHARADE. e was when rich red wine o'erbrimmed yfirst, and oft ran over, d my secood was spread with meat and bread, or their owners lived in clover I h feasts and revels then were held, y second groaned beneath them; first and all his race were full, nd roses did enwreathe them. my fst is empty, my second bare, nd my whole has nothing in it; e'en the leanest rat or mouse 'old pause there for a minute I i'ole contained a goodly store Svenison and of pasty, fish and flesh, of fowl and game, fsweets and pudding hasty. the good old days are all gone by, nd the merry house is lonely. fiJot holds dust, my second dry rot, nil my whole has cobwebs only. 299.-ENIGMI A. Y letters are seven in number. My 41, 5, describe the reverse of water; my 5, 2, 7 is most common of conjunctions; my 3, 4, 5, is a part of the body; my 1, 6, 7 finishes thing, and is final; my 4, 5, 7 is an over- boy; my 4, 5, 3 what idle schoolboys d o; my 4, 1, 3 one of our members; my °, 6 is what Falstaff was not; my 7, 1, c0c of the Cinque Ports; my 2, 5, 3 a Slhorse; my 5, t6 2, 1 an English queen of
respected memory; my 4, 1, 6, 7 is what we are not all of us much addicted to; my 3, 5, 4, 1, 6 a famous physician of antiquity; my 8, 5, 4, 1 what bad sailors fear to be out in ; my 7, 5, 6, 1 a native of a gallant country; my 7, 5, 4, 1 the reverse of a hill; my 5, 4, 1 what most Englishmon like to drink; my 4, 5, 2, 1 what Devonshire possesses in perfection; my 5, 3, 1 what must and does gradually come on all; my 7, 1, 6 a wild animal's home; my whole seven letters spell the name of a beautiful island peopled with a prosperous and happy nation. 300.-CHARADE. 'Tis a morning in June, and a Drawing Room day, And my Lady Grimdragon, in splendid array, Is seated her mirror before. She has donned her old point and a new set of curls, While a priceless parure of magnificent pearls Makes her yellow skin noticed the more. "You idiot, Celine!" she indignantly said, " You have stinted one check of its full share of red, But you'll find all your carelessness reckoned ; Come hither, my angel, and rest in myfirst, Where in spite of the satin and tulle shall be nursed My'precious, my darling, my second!" My second, fat Fido, jumps up; as he goes, Gives Celine a sly bite on her frost-bitten nose, And serene in my first he lies down ; But jumping up briskly to snap at a gnat, He catches his claw in my whole--far too fat For such frolicsome feats he has grown I "Ah ! ah !" screams my lady, "my splendid old lace !" Then she gives poor Celine a hard slap in the face. "You noodle, you booby, you lout ! My sweet second's antics why did not you stop ?" So she rates, screams, and scolds till she's ready to drop, And at last is unfit to go out ! "My beautiful whole, it was matchless indeed ! Not Brussels itself, or Malines could exceed, 'Twas the envy of half of the court !" Poor Celine is dismissed. Master Fido's next place Is the housekeeper's room, where his sudden disgrace Is to all the most exquisite sport.
301.-PUZZLE. Young people of the present day are so highly educated, by means of better methods of teaching than were formerly to be obtained, that they are able now to answer questions that many years ago would have puzzled their elders. So I have no doubt that among the young readers of the BoY's OwN MAGAZINE there will be found some enough versed in geography, or topography, or the other "ographies," to be able to find out the designations of the people I am about to mention. The list is almost as formidable as if it comprised all the extinct tribes of the North American Indians, and I beg some ingenious reader to assign the proper titles to the following nations :- 1. The nation that begins everything. 2. The nation that is murderous. 3. The nation with a name. 4. The nation of the poets. 5. The nation. that travels. 6. The nation that consults oracles. 7. The nation that is terribly afraid. 8. The nation that is always deferring. 9. The nation that is mightily angry. 10. The nation that is especially charming. 11. The nation that rules all. 12. The nation that utterly destroys. 13. The nation that is meditative. 14. The nation that is a stranger. 15. The nation that is crowned. 16. The nation that excels in light. 17. The nation that stands still. 18. The nation whose doom is fixed. 19. The nation of a resolved nature. 20. The nation of an inquiring turn of mind. 21. The nation of a bovine character. 22. The nation that is famed for planting seeds. 23. The nation that is always quarrelling. 24. The nation that delights in coalition cabi- nets. 25. The nation that finishes everything. FLOWERS UNDER A DOUBLE DISGUISE. 302. KUSLRRPA.-The blossom that fur- nishes a bird with riding-gear. 303. KCOBCOSCM.-The flower bearingthe crest of a barn-door fowl. 304. DKOOOSHMN.-The flower that is cowled in monastic fashion. 305. EBRALHEL.-The flower that rings for a leporine animal. 306. WICSOPL.-The blossom that has a mouth like those of milch hine. 307. GEXVOFOL.-The flower that gives Reynard a shoe for his fore-paw.
308.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC, A British king, renowned in chivalry; A portion of our native English tree; The favourite food of British man or lboy A potent scrap that most with glee g stroy; The shape that's longer far than it wide; The number of the Muses then decide. Arrange these letters in their order due, And you will see at once appear in view My first's white cliffs arising from the sea, Home of the brave, and dwelling of free I It yields my last to all who seek its shore, Whose perils with their wand'rings then o'er. TRANSPOSITIONS. 309. VABAKALLA.-A famous Crim battle. 310. UNORCAN.-A victory won by S John Moore. 311. HEBNIMEL.-A battle in the rein Queen Anne. 312. TICROGANU.-A battle in the re' of Henry V. 313. OTWEROLA.-One of our proud victories. 314. TIULZARTSE.-A battle won by i poleon I. 315.-CHARADE. My first was a dainty damsel, All clothed in silk so fine; Her hair was twined with red, red gold, Her drink was ruby wine. But she stooped down from her high degra To love her father's page, And he carried her off on a milk.white ('Twas the romantic age !) My second chanced to see them, And at once he flew away To warn the haughty father Of the flight of his daughter gay. "And pray how did you know them?" The angry baron said; " Oh, by his velvet doublet, And by her mantle red!" The baron in hot haste mounted His fiery red-roan steed, And my second perched on his shoulder, And urged him on to speed. But when they reached the greenwood, Nor page nor dame was seen! Only my little whiole, sitting Upon a leaflet green !;
316.-ENIGMA. There were five brothers of one family who re resolved to see the world. Being of .some- at different character their travels were ected by each individual bias, though they re all of an adventurous turn of mind, save third, who inclined more to reside on his eritance. However, as his brothers had all de up their minds to see a little more of life, unselfishly abandoned his own desires and nt with them. The three eldest certainly sessed more abilities than the younger ones, ecially the third brother. They were all omplished; for the first danced, the second w,the third was a linguist, the fourth formed dels of cork or wood, and the youngest was culptor. They were all musical, but espe- ly the eldest, middle, and youngest brothers; the first played on the harp, the second the te, the third the violin, the fourth the organ, d the fifth the guitar, and the eldest and ee youngest all touched the harmonium. In sonal appearance the eldest may be noticed remarkable for a flat face and large hands, second for pale cheeks and sweet eyes, the d for a tiny chin and little fingers, and the rth for a short round nose, while the fifth an unusually huge mouth ! he eldest was amiable, brave, and zealous is calling; the second extremely sensible, clever, and exceedingly persevering; the d was witty, rich, but of a retiring disposi- n; the fourth open as the ocean, honest as morn, and the very soul of honour; the ngest was unusually beautiful and peculiarly thful, but humble-minded withal. So they eed to set off on their travels, and began to cass the route they should pursue. The est, second, and youngest voted for a sail in lucca, but the third and fourth disagreed; then the eldest, third, and fourth suggested railroad, but to this the second and fifth 1d not consent. Then the eldest and third posed a steamer, which was considered ewhat low by the rest; so it ended in the setting off alone in a yacht, the second g at his ease in a wherry, the third tear- along in an outrigger, the fourth contenting self with an open four-oared boat, and the taking his place upon the deck of a cutter. o eldest went to Africa, where, in company three of his brothers, he visited the King abomey at Abbeokuta, who received them but the fifth. Leaving the rest there, the st went on again and saw Lake Ngami, re he abode awhile. Thence he proceeded Aa, where he went through the Sahara, teat Desert. Thence he went to America,
lingering at Panama, and making a long stay at Alabama, not forgetting to visit Canada and the famous Falls of Niagara. The second brother contented himself with exploring Greece, Germany, Belgium, Sweden, and many other places in Europe, for he was not of an ambitious nature. The third brother, who had been alone from the beginning, visited India and China, the Spanish Main, Mexico, and Brazil He was for a long while in Italy and Sicily, and lastly went to Ethiopia, where he met the three brothers who had been at Abbeokuta. Coming home he went to Spain, and joined his eldest brother at Gibraltar. The fourth went to Holland first, then to Norway, and on to Vancouver's Island through San Francisco. At Vancouver he met with his youngest brother, who had travelled through Turkey and Guinea, and was going through St. Louis; they both went together to Hono- lulu, where they made a long stay. After this they separated on their homeward course; for the youngest brother wished to visit Peru, and take a peep at Vesuvius, while the fourth was equallybent on seeingNorfolk Island and Borneo. When they all met once more at home and compared notes, it was found that the eldest had brought back lands and fame, the second health and wealth, the third riches and digni- ties, the fourth power and glory, and the fifth luxuries, but useful things as well; and so they lived quietly ever after. I am sorry to say the second and third incline much to evil deeds and wicked sins, but the fourth and the youngest are more given to good and useful courses, while the eldest is clear of all and holds his way alone. And now if you cannot find out their names you are not very brilliant, for I have been endeavouring to show them to you at every step and word we have passed by. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 558, 559, and 560, bol. I11.) 268. Snuff-box. 269. The letter O. 270. Because it is a leave-her-escapement (lever escapement). 271. Cos sacks are there. (Cossacks.) 272. Because it hurts the feelings (felines). 273. Because he picks the bolder (boulder). 274. The Tines. 275. The Morning Herald. 276. The Morning Star. 277. Flag. 278. Pin money. 279. Post. 280. Time works wonders. To be read- Time works W under S. 281. Light. 282. King-street. To be read-King's treat. 283. Hear-say-Hearsay.
317.-A CLASSICAL PUZZLE. These two little dogs represent the last two words in one book: of Virgil's "&oIid" 31 H STOICA/LI ENIAt - -r-l- 318.-HIISTORICAL ENIcrMA.
The ancient capital of Parthia. Its situa- tion is easily determinable; for Ispahan, the' present capital of Persia, is said to occupy the very spot where stood the metropolis of Parthia, "The City of a Hundred Gates." The name of this city contains twelve letters. 5, 2, 7, 8, 2 make the name of a delightful
valley al Thessaly which was esteemed l gardeiýg the Muses. 12 10, 6, 5, 12 the name of the pooreF pressed Spartan slaves. 4, 8, 4, 7, 2, 4 the chief city of the anieI Phrygians which was rich and commercial. 12, 4, 8, 8, 1, 6 a celebrated Greek poetes 12, t., 8, 1, 6, 8,10, 0, 2,12 a Greek tragic
319.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. What p1nee in' Westminster does this represent? --: . TRANSPOSITIONS. 320. MESSARU.-A celebrated and elegant writer, who is considered the great rels of learning in Europe. 321. TERBOLC.-An eminent French statesman, and a truly great man.