PUZZLES.E . BIDDLE-MIE-REE.
My first is in orange, whose colour's bright gold, My second's in Upas, of which fables are told, My third is in March, which comes with winds strong, My fourth is in needles, with points sharp and long, My fifth is in May; she comes decked out with flowers, My sixth is in April, who brings with her showers, My seventh's in wallflower, bright browns, red and gold, My eighth is in violet, for scent famed of old, My ninth is in jessamine, of pale yellow hue, My tenth's in begonia, which looks pretty too, My last is in last, for we've come to the end, My whole is a book, to us all a great friend. WoRD SQUARE. In childhood often does my first appear, My second is the cause of many a tear, My third, when new, will oft-times pain us sore, My fourth is of my third a part no more. HISTOnICAL SCENE. One night two casks were sent into a cell, from one of which sufficient Malmsey wine was drawn to intoxicate some guards. From the other a person took out a coil of rope which he fastened to the prison window. His servant descended first, but owing to the rope being too short, he fell and broke his leg. Therefore his master attached sheets to it, and so managed to make his escape. Instead of immediately decamping, he, with a self-denial remark- able at such a period, carried off his servant on his back, and after placing him in safety, succeeded in making his way to France. Name the hero of this remarkable escape, his place of imprisonment, and by whose orders he was placed there. ALTERATION PUZZLE. I am to thrash; change a letter, I am perfect; change again, I am crooked. I am a plant; change a letter, I am a bird; change again, I am to adorn. I am difficult; change a letter, I am a flock; change again, I am part of the body. I am a post; change a letter, I am a reptile; change again, I am to quench. FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A pretence-a large stone. 2. Quietness-a good state of health. 3. Tidy-a sweet flower. 4. A colour-a machine for ringing. 5. Congealed rain-to let fall. 6. A preparation of cream-a drinking vessel. MISSING LETTER PUZZLE. C x x x i x xx e (an insect). S xx xx x x xxxk (a fish). Pxxixxn (a bird). G xxixxa (a beast). L x x x x d (a reptile). DOUBLE AcRosTIc. The initials give the name of a poem, telling of noble Roman deeds, the finals its author :- 1. One of the battles of the Wars of the Roses. 2. A town in the United States. 3. An inhabitant of the country. 4. The first letter of the Greek alphabet. 5. The capital of Silesia. 6. To be out of health. 7. A protection from rain. 8. An Irish name for a small hut. * Nine PRIZES and Twelve CERTIFICATES sill be given for the best solutions of these Puzzles sent in before October 6th.