PUZZLE PAGES.
f, -S ill 11 fil -Iz
28.--PUZZLE. MY first, a learned Jewish scribe, Some eighteen hundred years ago, Stood before Caesar's judgment bar, Complaint against the Greeks to show. And many books this wise man wrote, Far from the scenes of noise and strife : The Jewish Plato he was styled, And famed for contemplative life. My second is a name derived From the same source the scribe had drawii Though often borne by those who fail To show it forth at eve or dawn.
I think of one who bears it now, A merry apple-faced old maid, Full of her pranks and sportive glee, But very far from learned or staid. To sit in such a dreary spot As he who in our picture sits, Would bring on toothache or catarro, Driving me into sneezing fits; And with a parapluie upheld (An influenza as the goal), Would want a very largish share Of sweetness, patience, and my whole. 29.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "His helm hung at his saddle-bow. Well by his visage you might know He was a stalwart knight and true." " Still from the sire the son shall hear Of the stern strife and carnage drear, Upon the fatal field Where shivered was fair Scotland's spear, And broken was her shield." 1. "'Mislead night-wanderers laughing at their harnn. 2. "Who comes from the bridal chamber?" 3. " 0 for a blast of that dread horn, On Fontarabian echoes borne, That to King Charles did come !" 4. "I-IHer feet have kissed the meadows, And left the daisies rosy." -. "The stranger viewed the shore around, 'Twas all so close with copse-wood bounl, Nor track nor pathway might declare That human foot frequented there." 0. "Her cheek had lost the rose, And round her neck floated her hair, Or seemed to float in rest." 7. "'Tis done, but yesterday a king, And armed with kings to strive, And now thou art a nameless thing, So abject yet alive."
30.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. ," Ne'er did Grecian chisel chase A Nymph, a Naiad, or a Grace, Of finer form or lovelier face." " One burnished sheet of living gold, In all her length far winding lay, With promontory, creek, and bay, And islands that empurpled bright Floated amid the livelier light." 1. " And while his crown of emerald leaves, With bloody hands the victor weaves." 2. " Maiden, hear a maiden's prayer ! Mother, hear a suppliant child !" 3. " Down came the blow, but in the heath The erring blade found bloodless sheath." 4. " Nor failed old Scotland to produce At such high-tide her savoury goose." 31.-CHARADE. My first a curling tail displays, My second is a tail always, My whole's a tail of other days. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &c. (Pages 165, 166, 167, 168.) 4.-FOx-HUNT. Fox, Bishop of Exeter in the time of Henry VII.; martyrologist; George Fox, Quaker; C. J. Fox, statesman. Hunt, h Iunt, Robert Hunt, Orator Hunt, Holman Hunt. 5.-JouN BULL. 1. Job. 2. Ou. 3. Hail. 4. Noll. 6.-1. Two ears. 2. Twenty nails. 3. One chest and one trunk. no tongue. 5. Two gums. 6. Two feet. 7. Two i's, no z (two nose, head). 8. One hart (heart). 9. Several mussels (muscles). onumerable hares (hairs). 11. All kinds of joints. 12. Mostly blue es (veins). 7.-llUE--CRy. 1. Hic. 2. Usurper. 3. Eulogy. 8-LooNG-GLAS. Lincoln, Ouse, Ocean, Kingston, Italy, Nile, gow, Gibraltar, Lusitania, Alexandria, Seine, Shannon. 9'-Swarm, warm, war. 0.-Bubbles. Take the finals and initials of alternate lines. 1.'Courage.
32.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Comfort's genial warmth to us belong, Our home the theme of poetry and song; In every age our post is near the great, And dignified composure is our state. 1. He comes, he comes-I hear him at the door. 2. And this one wildly breaks upon its shore. 3. The saint who sternly spurned the fainting fair. 4. The shades of night fall fast, my next is there. 5. All seek my last full eagerly to earn, When found how oft to ashes do they turn! 33.-PUZZLE. What well-known character during the first French Revolution represented in the above engraving ? 34.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Two fish. 1 A well-known river. 2. A well-known maiden. 3. A well-known wife. 4. A well-known statesman. 5. A well-known lake. 6. A well-known ruin.