PUZZLES.
Charades. I. A prisoner sat in his dungeon dull, Weeps and laments, for his heart is full; But my first glances into that dungeon drear, Renewing each hope and relieving each fear, Till the prisoner smiles, and feels that for him There still may be hope in that dungeon dim. He thinks of my second, the sorrow it brought; How weakly against it he struggled and fought, Of his home and the sad desolation there, Till he longs (like the prodigal son) to declare His repentance, and sadly the prisoner weeps, Till exhausted and worn out by sorrows he sleeps. The prisoner has quitted his dungeon sad, Has forsaken for ever the vile and the bad ; He gathers around him the wise and the good, To partake of his cup and to share his food; While the slaves of my second repentantly seek Good counsel and aid from that prisoner meek. It is Christmas, and thickly the snow-drifts fall; Loud whistles the wind through the poplars tall; But my first glances in, as in darker days; 'Gainst my second the prisoner struggles and prays; And my whole he partakes of in Christmas cheer, While he blesses the happiest time of the year. Over my first my second rules When he is perfect in my whole, And by my third is oft convey'd From shore to shore and pole to pole.
3. Behind a well-worn desk a youth was perched, With pen in hand, one fine but freezing day, And through a ponderous tome he vainly searched, For, oh ! his wandering thoughts were far away; And soon he followed them, and he effected His exit from my whole quite undetected. He almost flew along the slippery streets And frozen paths, till he had reached my second, Where, soon equipped, he ventures on and meets With loud applause, for he is always reckoned Very accomplished, and his feats were such As might elicit praises from the Dutch. While yet exerting all his skill with pride, He rushes blindly to his cruel fate. Cries of "My first" he hears on every side; " My first," " my first." But, ah! it is too late, The truant youth has fallen, and they say Beneath my second he is borne away. " 4. An animal, a pleasant drink, A wild, unsettled man, a wink; A deed, a fowl, a generation, A house, employ, or occupation; An animal, a decoration; Lastly, a time for recreation. In the centres of these may clearly be found, Or else I am strangely mistaken, Something oft tendered to you, I'll be bound, But certainly not always taken.
5. See yon dark cloud, that shrieks aloud, As first around does last; The war-song's sung, the fight's begun, And wholes fly thick and fast. The one who leads the martial deeds, As chieftain he is reckoned; Though no one heeds, part of the deeds Comprises all my second. 6. Like Venus I am ocean-born, And many a lovely face adorn; Behead me, and I take my stand Among the nobles of the land. Cut off my tail I'm on your board, When it with wine and fruits is stored ; Cut off my tail again, and me At dinner on your sideboard see; Cut off both head and tail-behold A place upon your head I hold. 7. My first is a man's name ; My second is an article; My third is a bird; My whole is a warlike implement. 8. My first is the rear; My second is part of a hog ; My whole is a game. Word Squares. 9. Rest. A girl's name. A town. Complexion. A pianoforte. IO. Vapour. Demolished. An English river. To improve. Improves. I T. A mount. Reverse of day. Concerning Ireland. Dust. A game at cards (transposed).
Double Acrostic. 12. I. An animal. 2. To permit. 3. A flower. 4. First-rate. 5. An Australian river. 6. Black. The initials and finals give a welcome to all. Cryptograph. 13. Tkd nqv xsz wioov xsz zkhp mu dwnsk wimjk, Xsz dxpk dwnj jxbk gfxls di jkkdwk xsz di jimjk, Ufiqnzk mj tiiz hwkkf, aif dwim psil'jd dwk ioz tmnjk: Ioz hmjdibj, dioxd tiiz gk, okd si bxs zkjunjk. Xd Hwfnjdbxj gk bxffv xsz dwxspamo lndwxo, Xsz akxjd dwv uiif skntwgimfj, dwk tfkxd lndw dwk jbxoo, Vkx, xoo dwk vkxf oist, di dwk uiif okd mj tnqk : Tiz'j gokjjust di aiooil mj lwnok Ik zi onqk, Enigma. 14. One-fourth of ship, one-fourth of trip, And then one-fourth of wars; One-fourth of home, one-fourth of Rome, And then one-fourth of Mars; One-fourth of joys brings to a close Th' initials of this rhyme, What was, is now, and e'er will be In the annals of time. LEigma and Charade. I5" Most striking things around we see In this our little island; But stranger things there still may be- Sea may e'en change to dry land; But is not this a wondrous thing (The answer I leave to you), P n animal and bird combined Bring a handsome bird to view.
Characters in Lord Lytton's Novels. 16. Wreck of wiraal. 17. Able zangumi buzna. 18. Coat cab rider ccce. 19. Trap is bat is tusoux, 20. Mantle if we Gaen. 21. Rest veltra maures. New Square Words. 22. A foreign town. A game at cards; an enemy. A weight; a bird, transposed. Often; retrospective. Negation ; an animal. The vowels. Classical Acrostic. 23. I. The hero of the Trojan war. 2. The successor of Hebe. 3. The owner of the " seven-fold shield." 4. The brother of Hannibal. 5. A daughter of my whole. 6. A secretary of Verres. 7. The builder of Nineveh. 8. "Oh, Paradise ! oh, Paradise ! " 9. A son of Chaos. The initials read downwards give the name of one who has affixed to his name, " King of men." Riddle. 24. What letter in the alphabet is most like a town in Scotland?
Tow0IS. 25. To dissolve, a preposition, to cut, and the cry of an animal. 26. A fragment, to enclose, and a delicacy. 27. An animal, a vowel, a pious person, and a girl's name. 28. To possess, a consonant, a passage, and a point of the compass. 29. FIesh corn, 3o. A gaudy conveyance. Acrostic. 31. I. A son of Fai:nus. 2. A son of Japiter. 3. A son of Saturn. 4. A son of Panthus. 5. A son of Procas. 6. A son of Aeolus. The initials of the above give the name of a son of Auchises. Arithmorem Acrostic. 32. i - i + sere r's = themes. 55 + N. none sot = a bankrupt. 151 + E. Aag suet = to mimic. 5o0 + map = a light. 50 + lag hury = a town in India. o10 + man keu = a name. o02 + gat done = ambassadors. My initials a country will name; My finals a king of the same. A Buried Fruit. 33. When knocking rap energetically, and ring as well.