W
PRIMAL AND FINAL CHANGES. 1. Of иве to lift a heavy weight, Exchange, a unmoral I state. 2. A market or a plaoe of solo, Exchange, a poet then you hail. 3. Not easily o'ercome am I, Exchange, a livingr creature spy. 4. The face or forward part here take, Exchango, an injury you make. 5. United are we as one man, Exchange, а thoroughfare you scan. Yoouo Devoh. 135. DIAMOND. The head of а dog, the centre of the greatest system, a verse, a Staffordshire town, a place for bonnets, very able, very noisy, nice with cakes, the tail of a whale, show, down and асговз when rightly written, a Bed¬ fordshire town. G. E. L. 136. ENGLISH TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EX- PRESSED. To ride, to enter. Clear, a weight. A harbour, part of the face. Δ road over water, a liquid. A troublesome creditor, a houso for horses. A manu¬ factory, the shallow part of a river. A female's name, a deception. A vowel, a woight. J. CUAFUAM.
PICTORIAL REBUS. M, m 'A Ш
137. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Both are facts perceived by seusc, Physics solves their why and whonco. 1. Weary limbs on me repose. Soon the wakeful on me doze. 2. Christmas time I'm freely used, Beat about and sorely bruised. 3. Over me tho childron play, Frisk about and have their way. 4. In some minds I reign supreme, Perplexed alwaya o'er some theme. . Youth. 138. ENIGMA. In deep obscurity I lie unseen bv mortal eyes, But sometimes in the light am Ï, and me somo mortals prize ; In pockets sometimes I am found, I have some strange abodes, I dwell 'mid pomp above the ground, beneath it, too, in lodes ; In many shapes I'm often seen, some have me more or less, Perchauco I deck some stately queon, form portion of her dress ; And well I know that some do mako of me a goodly store ; Whilo some can scarco a meal afford, or keep want from the door. J. Savaüe.
PICTORIAL REBUS. ψ φ
139. ARITHMOREM. 151 and bees, straitä in America ; 51 and narr, a river in Italy ; 1,000 and uoa, a mountain in Africa ; 1,050 and acar, a town in Sweden ; 151 and aka, a town in Ireland ; 1,000 and wao, a cape in Sweden ; 2,000 and are, a lake in Germany ; 7 and tot. a, river in Scotland ; 51 and pane, a town in France ; 1,550 and soar, a river in Sweden. The'initials read down will name a river in England. Η. Hakman. 140. LOGOGRIPH. This forms a part of every house, It's owned I'm sure by you ; Behead, curtail, and then you'll bring An animal to view. « Now please transpose, and you will see, A word which meaneth skill 'twill be ; Again transpose, nnd then you'll find, A liquid it will call to mind. John Кати.. Answers to the abovo will appear in No, 51.