139. OMEGRAM. How sweet its ripplo when earth's green with verdure, And tinkling bells on breezes light are borne, When, furzy second, that same breeze пал stiri-'d your Wild prickly twigs and yellow flow'rs at morn. Mark youder thrash, her all impatient third o'er. She sees the worm she bore them pieoemeal torn ; And eager bills for further food distended, Proclaim the morning meal is hardly ended. 140. DELETION. Being this, all men must mix with earth again, But do not let the ghastly sentence hurt you ; Delete α letter, Æsop makes it plain, And who are it go hand in hand with virtue. F. W. Petchell. 141. CHARADE. To seme the memory of my first is glad, To others harrowing, or merely sad ; To me it whispers both of smiles and sighs, Like light and shadow mixed in evening skies. For next a vowel see, of which 'tis true, It speaks of self to every person too. My third and last you will agree with me A species of insanity must be. While of my whole I'll say, 'tis green aud fair, A pleasant mead with wild flowers blooming there A. E. Waite. PICTORIAL REBUS. *P CESŢ0R 142. SQUABE AND TRIANGLE. Who's line is this ? (tell more I must not dare) «' Noue but the bravo deserve the fair." Top line disposed of, proceed to it's parallel, He was Poet Laureate, and told " how the water fell." A great English novelist is on the left hand, His piotures are homely and truthful yet grand. Ah ! poor, sad poet, how gloomy was his mind, He died—his dust was scattered to tbe wind. The square's complete, so now resolve, Tho triangle you'll try to solve. In space from left hand point of base, To centre of top line, Insert а thousand and one nignts' hero, Who sailed the heaving briue. From apex now to base again, This time to right-hand point, Insert а kiugdom, the people of which Are fond of a human joint. J. Lyons. 143. HIDDEN FLOWER3. SKÏLA11K : As I rise from the vale where my home is conceal'd, To gain the chaste ıealms of cerulean blue ; High up in the keen air, where the rainbow reveal'd, Now spans yonder white clouds its hues flashing through, As I rise in the blue, below which do appear, Oh ! serene every valley and rill that doth roam ; Fair, fair aro the white clouds now dropping, and dear, Thy fields that may blossom, sweet England, my home. F. W. Petchell. Answers to the above will appear in No. 81.