ffáasiÉÉfààgaw* 24. PALINDROME.
A horse or bird, I serve to name ; A useful organ I proclaim ; Ι, α recluse, will bring to mind ; A name you may in scripture find ; Contempt I serve you to express ; Now surely you'll not fail to guess These few short words, five, and no more, Which read the same both back and foro. In their initials, finals too, Position, principle, you view, Anel just whichever way you take them, Right or left, the same you'll mako them. Iago. PICTORIAL REBUS. 25. CURTAILMENT. A delicious frnit if you curtail Will leave a vegetable without fail. J. H. SorriT. 2G. SQUARE WORDS. 1. Vigilant ; an iron bar ; to elude ; a rampart ; to stretch. 2. Money owed ; an adverb ; a gallant ; sincere. Ernest George Lovf.ll. 27. CHARADE. All earthly things will have my first. Never allow my second to burst. Enjoin tho two, and then surmise, My total means to jeopardise. Hokace Tivet.
PICTORIAL REBUS, 28. LOGOGRIPHS. 1. I am one who discovers ; transposed, Τ cannot be valued too highly ; curtailed and transposed, I mean to draw from ; again curtail and transpose, I am α penalty. 2. I am an imposition ; curtail and transpose me, I am found in the heavens ; curtail again, I am level ; behead now, I am a thoroughfare. 3. I am what none of us should do ; curtail and transpose, I am used by all at some time or other ; behead now, what we all do ; transpose, а foreign pro¬ duction. 4. I am а kind of a wound ; take 100 from and trans¬ pose me, I am used by housewives ; behead and trans¬ pose me now, I am used by mariners. Young Devon. 29. POETS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A metal and its artificer j 2. a gipsy's home and a musical hollow ; 3. a cave and pig's log ; 4. to use cruelly and to fasten together ; 5. a butter machine and half a sneezer j 6. an expanded bud and half a market. Crocodile.
PICTORIAL REBUS. + 30. ENGLISH TOWNS. 1. The tint of an autumn sunset and the name of a faithful woman ; 2. a weighty substance and the fruit of а thorn ; 3. а beast of burden and a shallow part of a river. Ernest George Lövell. Answers to the above will appear in No. 9.