AN OLD PROVERB SLIGHTLY MODIFIED.
11.-A LETTER CUNTAINNtN I.'OUR'EIlEN LiUliIE ) RIVERS. March, 1880. DEAxR JALEs,-On leaving here yesterday we went across the woods to K.'s farm, to see if he had started for his tour on the Continent. As he had not, he came out to us, and we left the house to go to the farmyard to see them husk the corn. They are very busy down here at present. After leaving the yard we went across some fields that were lying fallow. WYo then took a run across the grass to a deep pond, where we bathed. Having donned our clothes, we returned to the farm to see the doves. Coming home, we met my sisters. They have on their waterproofs, as it seems likely to rain. The air is very good here. Hoping you are well and happy, I remain, yours, E. T. C. III.-SQUARE WORD. 1. A city of much note in this our day. From our dear England it is far away. 2. To bring the lofty down. 3. To take a bath. 4. Let not the (4) use the rod in wrath. 5. A laboured cast of countenance is this; In plural number in this instance 'tis. IV.--CHARADE. One day I trod a London strc&t, Though thick the first lay at my feel, In temper far from good, What horrid weather this," I thought, As 'gainst the wet and wind I fought, All drenched my cape and hood. While grumbling thus, a song I heard, The piping of some little bird. A second loudly singing. A soft rebuke: it seemued to say, " Why grumble at the rainy day ? " Shame and reproach thus bringing. This lesson firmly to impress, A whole I saw in tattered dress, Deep paddling by the river; I gave some coppers to the lad, And hurried home, ashamed and sad. Now guess my whole, folks clever. V.-M- ETEGRAM. I am a tear; change my head and I am crooked; change my head and I am told to go ; change my head and I had gone ; change my head and I am given for a time; change my head and I :unm n American coin; change my head and I am a canvas house; cut off any head and change my tail and I am the last. A. E. Ansnmi:.. V'I.-2 DIAMOND PUZZLE. My first a consonant I ween; My next an animal oft seen In markets; and the next is found Music's soft soothing charms to sound. My central is a treasure, which Will, if discovered, make you rich. My next is, you must understand, A spirit known in Fairy land : My next is single, and, if guessed, A consonant makes up the rest.