PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
S the last month was so cold, and all the poor flowers thaf ventured to put their heads up out of the earth, were chilled and checked, and sorely tried, I am going to, set you a-digging once more for the things peculiar to the flowering month, but few of which as yet have appeared above ground. (E.) BURIED MAY. I. In the favourite month of the poets, it is indeed a pleasant time. People are fond of saying the seasons have changed, and May is not what it used to be. Even if we grant this, it is at least the threshold of summer. 2. Generally speaking, the air is balmy, the sun shines, and the birds sing sweetly under the azure roof. Lying on the grass we can hear the lark soaring up on high. 3. His voice is like that of an angel, clear and pure, as he " sings at heaven's gate." Compared to his lay, the other birds' songs are a mere Babel. Let us listen to him ! 4. He is now far up in the blue sky, and you can still hear the
sweet silvery:notes which are his characteristic. At such a height it is surprising to hear the voice of such a tiny bird. 5. The.butterflies are flitting about like, loose flowers, and as I came up the lane I found such a fern ! 6. The little fronds 'like fairy crookswere beginning to uncurl, and were showing their green leaves under the tall hedge shade which shelters them from the cold east winds. The next puzzle I am going to give you is a very easy one, but then my pilgrims must remember that the more difficult ones which some of our elder ones prefer,-as, for instance, no doubt our champion scholar,-are very great stumbling-blocks to the little ones. So, in spite of the warning fable of the old man and his donkey, I am going to try to please both. Those of our pilgrims who have travelled abroad will know the pretty flower as an in- gredient in the pleasant German " Mai Trank." I may add that the dainty darling refused to sit for her portrait in such cold weather, and the Puzzledom portrait painter had to sketch a like. ness from memory, which will account for any little discrepancies. (F.) PICTORn.\L CHARADE. At the request of some little pilgrims I next add a production from the A B C ceity mill, but as Jack Frost is not now in regular residence, he has delegated his office to the genius of Spring, who has accordingly presided over the following result. (G.) MISS MAY'S MAKINGS. First of all the flowery lady (who was not so fashionably attired this year as usual) put: one of the indefinite articles into the machine. I. 2. She added two niore'letteris, and it produced a song. 3.' 'She altered these two last for other two, and behold a stalk ! 4:. 'Another change, and it became Mrs. Grundy's opinion. 5. Again, and she exhib'ited a fairy ! 6. Anotheir change, and thee light dawned upon me! 7. 'Again,"a' cliange madb me' very merry ! 8. A bird addicted to borrowing proceeded from the next turn. 9. Another change brought a morsel of sunshine. 10. A fine expanse of water,' under the protection of the land, was evolved from the next change, I I. Another turn gave me the view of a noble river. 12. A flower that smells sweetly at first, but as the poet truly says- " Whose fragrance ends in must !" i3.' The side of the bargain' most'people care least for. 14. The exclamation they are often prompted to make on hearing of their liabilities. r5. :And Ifly, the route of all this maze which-I hope my wee folks will easily find.