Puzzle Tournament. All contributions must be original, written on one side of the paper only, and accompanied by the correct solutions, and the name and address ofthe competitor.
f n s f ENIGMAS. 1. I am small, but when entire, A force to set a town on fire Let but one letter disappear I then can hold a herd of deer ; Let but another go away, you then will find I once contained all human kind. Ernest G. Knight. 11. What many give, what few will take, The rich desire, the poor can make, The spendthrift hoards, the miser spends, The good refuse, the selfish lends, 'Twas brought by all, both fool and knave, What all men carry to their grave. Robert Bird. III. In several hues my first is seen, In white, in red, in blue, in green ; My next is sure to meet the eye When darkness nears, when day draws nigh, My third you each have in your mind, When you this puzzle try to find ; In cottage you my next will see, In every plant and every tree, My fifth, is strange, though strange 'tis true, I'm found in none, though found in you j My sixth in every heart does dwell, In regions far and near as well. My whole you see from week to week, In this paper does my name appear, Like first and last, if you will seek, You'll find it in this paper here. G-EOR.E KlRKHAM. CHARADES. IV. We nse my first when we would send Good wishes to an absent friend, ; My whole we use my first to mend ; ** My whole my seeond? too, may be, Or of a different quality. Horatio Fuller. v. My whole is a race ; my second carries my third in my first when iu my whole. VI. TRANSPOSITION. Complete you will find I'm substance hard Yet oft of genuine worth and high regard; Behead me, I become a pleasing sound, Which if transposed will still alike be found ; Beverse me, I guide you to a college For learning renowned, and every classic knowledge. Thos. G. Codling. VII. HIDDEN ANIMALS. 1.—Mr. Maccabe, a very respectable old gentle¬ man, was appointed the treasurer. 2.—He came last night after a great deal of per¬ suasion. 3.—Mr. Murdoch was able to resume his business after a week at the coast. 4.—Though it may please sometimes, yet it won't please always. 6.—I say, Martha, remember and write that letter to your aunt. 6.—The abbe arrived, but too late to do any good. 7.—They loudly denounced him, but Leo par¬ doned him. 8.—The would-be wag nudged his companion and lau ghed at one of his own jokes. 9.—I say, Mr. Dunn, will I only take one of your travelling bags to the station ? 10.—John, take Mabel, Kate and Dick down to the sea-shore. John Connelly A LADY came to Charles Wesley complain¬ ing that she was the chief of sinners, the worst of transgressors, utterly lost and helpless. " I have no doubt, madam," replied he, "that you are bad enough." She instantly flew into a passion, scolded the preacher as a slanderer, and, it is thought, would have boxed his ears if he had not quitted the apartment.