PUZZLE PAGESO EN I GM S.
576. S T is that which wanting it would leave n in utter gloom, and darkness, and h ori yet having it would but increase o. rry and annoyance a thousandfold ? ' 577. ed out specially to get a certain thing; ; gild when I obtained it; yet no sooner ait than I found it impossible to endure if so Ialkeed home quickly to get rid of it. a 578. is that which was made long ago and 0 ilbe again ; it took twenty years to form et we find it in almost every nursery ? 579. efor most part in the dark, being seldom ted to see the light. I am not an animal; o a bird. I am not a zoophyte, neither aregetable, yet I am invariably classed "plants." I have neither leaves, nor ea, nor flowers, yet I have a stem and s and I grow. I am often transplanted, properly nourished will quickly take root. gh myself never used, that which I pro- sin constant demand, and is well known Sdoctor, lthe chemist, or the cook, to chom, indeed, I am indispensable. My g aglso occupies an important place at dhere it is in daily and constant requi- 580. is that which we often knit, and always ceedles; we cannot knit them singly, st k:it two at once ; we only knit them nadoce, and yet we neither cut nor ravel 581. tis that belonging to you which a pretty sare to take, yet though she takes it she caly possesses it, and though you freely Pt you never really part with it? You give it anld she may take it without being a0 she has taken it; when conscious she one so it generally affords her pleasure, gl she would not have it for the world, aid she without inflicting an irreparable I.pn you; aod, paradoxical enough, we oils you would part with it even for the 582. eare known over all parts of Britain; ors are various--blue, white, and bronze.
\We are seen in many a cottage-garden and in many a noble parterre as well, yet we are never heard save in the immediate vicinity of a grand old town in one of England's eastern counties. - There we have dwelt for many years, and are well known to all, though few indeed have ever seen us. We occupy a high position in the world, and yet we care no more for the peer than for the peasant, and never enter into society, although you might reasonably expect to find us social, for our chief object in life is to gather crowds around us. We never stir abroad, and yet we take frequent and violent exercise, and invariably weary out our attendants in our service; we never go to sleep, and yet it is a constant saying about us that we oft " awake." Though destitute of one particle of religion ourselves, yet we frequently remind others of their sacred duty, and invariably take an active part in all religious feasts and festivals, at none of which, however, do we personally attend, though never far distant. In fact, like the finger-post, we rather "point the way, we never go ourselves." All creeds would be alike to us, and indeed our brothers are used by the votaries of all creeds, yet for our own part we most de- cidedly declare ourselves to be I.igh Church. 583. I bear the name of a celebrated divine and sacred writer. Though born in England, I am known over all parts of the civilised world; I am known also to thousands in the South Sea Islands, Asia, Africa, and Arabia. By all of them I am highly valued and appreciated, as well as by the great majority of the Christian world. Perhaps with the exception of Christ Himself there is none other whose character and sayings are so well known or so universally recognised as my own. Yet considered in a different light I am an object of pain and dis- I comfort to thousands of individuals, so that they are often glad to expend both money and ingenuity in trying to rid themselves of my pre- sence, yet in most instances I refuse to depart, and I reign over all their movements with the most relentless tyranny. I prevent them from joining in any active out-door amusement; and w3 hen they walk abroad I am sure to accompany them and make my presence so felt as to deprive them of the enjoyment they might otherwise derive from beholding the beauties of Nature. Individuals in all the chief towns of Europe,
Australia, and America have made my extirpa- tion their chief study and pursuit. Their calling is recognised under a new name, and now ranks among the list of acknowledged and legitimate professions; but for most part my stubborn and implacable nature refuses to yield to their arts, and all they can do is to endeavour to appease for awhile my most tyrannical and relentless inflictions. 584.-NAUTICAL NUTS TO CRACK. I have a fleet of vessels at sea, all loaded with merchandise of various kinds, and fulfilling some of them strange posts. If you are an ex- perienced navigator on the mighty world's ocean you may perhaps have seen even one or two of the flotilla, and can, maybe, call over a few of their names. One is devoted to the service of the monarch, and bears the impress of his dignity. Another, a very useful boat in its way -'none more so-bears rather a contemptuous epithet. A third carries only men of very high rank, with all the rights, dignities, and more substantial wealth accruing to them. A fourth conveys their spouses, fine women, grand dames most of them, though tracing their origin all of them to Saxon ancestresses who were good to the poor. A fifth takes out artisans of all kinds and callings, and designates their labours for them. A sixth bears cavalry, no distinction being made between good and bad riders. A seventh carries those folks who can't stand alone, but must have somebody to share their joys and sorrows, profits and losses, with them; this vessel is very uncertain in its voyages, and not always to be depended on. An eighth is much maligned by people who are addicted to all the soft places of earth; but those who have profited by the uses of adversity, and have made passages by her, don't utterly abuse her, nay, some even value her. A ninth conveys those much-to-be-pitied individuals who are in- trusted with all the cares and troubles, and but little of the profits, of other people's affairs; this vessel, I confess, is not at all popular, and with some reason. The tenth takes out all the world's scholars to her various schools; she is proverbially a slow boat, and makes long pas- sages, but one of the safest on the line. The eleventh is a little Eden, for it bears all those who love each other, irrespective of rank, con- nection, or distance. It is followed by. the twelfth, the biggest vessel in the service, which takes, in all people allied to each. other by affinity-I can't say much, I am sorry to say, generally of its harmony-but it gets along after its own fashion. The thirteenth and last is the most vexatious and irritating boat in the service, for it is no more to be d-eended on than a puff
of wind, and I vow I would step its altogether, but that even as it is it won' quarter of the people who want to Sometimes it makes as good a Voyage could wish, and perhaps the very nes t months, even years, on the voyage; na been known to return without reaching all. And now tell me some of the my vessels; they are not entered atLl it' is no use looking for them there. 5S5.--REBUS. Reverse myfirst, and you will fin A thing some people dearlypri It is not anything we see, But to gain it you need not be Or great, or good, or wise. Now place it in its proper way, And say there is a stain or spo Or in your copybook a blot; This imp is such a wilful wight, It always contradicts with spite, And tells you it is soT. Double the final of my.irst, And add the end, unchalnging, Of present participles, too, And thus my second gives to view Four-fifths of everything. My third is a delicious dish Although the MussulmaLa and Whatever they may feel or wish, To eat it will refuse. A town and county you will see, My whole will quickly form, And, more to bring it to your min Rich laces in it you will find, And gloves and stoclhingwarm. 586.-REBUS. A royal title; God's best gift to man which absorbs our attention; the force is England's bulwark; a feminine ram the heroine of a celebrated novel; the where the best toffee is made; thle re young; a masculine name once borne by of France; a tyrant's argument; a env blem ; the Italian for Louis; a royal ma name; that which all men ought to be. initials form a title, the fioals express the lar feeling for its bearer. ANSwmeRs TO CHARADES, &c. 564. Ferry-boat. 565. Hair. 566. Oliver Cromwell. To be read C-row-M well. 567. Tears. 568. Meg-bIer-ri-lies. 569. Pocket-money. 570. Pirate-irate-rate-a