PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
S we have not had any varied things lately, suppose we put in our boring rod and try for some Concealed Waters, for the first quarter of the year has been so dry we need what the country women called " a power o' watter to mysten it." As our pilgrims complain of difficulties, I must explain that in each sentence of the next puzzle a river is named, not always a celebrated one, but then it is not the big ones we should always seek. Everybody who does not belong to the honourable order of " Noodles" knows where the Thames is to be found, and as our Puzzledom Pilgrims rank far above that class, I give them fair credit for industry. (E.) HIDDEN WATERS. I. In such warm weather as we are now experiencing, the very thought of water is pleasant, and those who live by the side even of the sea, and are used to it, enjoy its ceaseless murmur. 2. When the sun is blazing overhead like a disc of burning metal, and we all feel as if we were cooking in a copper stew- pan, we crave for the sound of water, and stay our weary longing with views of it. 3. We picture the sparkling drops of a water-fall, and dream we see the rainbow above the Horseshoe Fall, as it is ! Is it not strange this yearning for the sight and sound of the "many waters ?" 4. From this arise, no doubt, the poetical names of the water- falls and cascades, as, for instance, the Minnehaha, whose pretty appellation came no doubt from the music of its tinkling waters. 5. What is more delightful than to sit on a calm summer evening in our own green Isle of Thanet on the grassy edge of a cliff ? Eyes and ears alike are entranced by sweet sights and sounds. 6. There are more lovely rivers and lakes in the British Isles than we can number easily, or than can be.named. Way must also be made for the no less beautiful waters of other lands beyond the seas!" I have no doubt that if that terrible Custom House officer, with his curved sword, had lately made a vigorous search for contra- hand articles, on the. persons of our pilgrims, he would have found, in numberless pockets, sundry hard, green vegetable bullets, cery detrimental to young folks' stomachs, but much esteemed by Iheir contrary tastes. Let us see if they can find out the confis- c.ited articles, mutilated as they are by our Douane I
(F.) PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. i!rý r - ýoc
I will next give you a Proverb in Rhyme that is encouraging to all, but especially to young folks who are particularly given to making "gobblestitches," not only in their seams, but in their manners and ways. Older people are equally open to its truth, but then, you see, the little tender green shoots which are so able to bend, and so easy to train in all their fresh green vigour, are apt to twist and bend and break; and if they don't snap short off, they generally shoot out into ugly bumps and swellings when they are meddled with in later years. (G.) PROVERB IN RHYME. It's all very well to be fond of work, But it never seems to cease; And too often, if even the least we shirk, Too late the holes increase ! No scanty leisure we ever snatch From the make and mend, the darn and patch ! I'm sure some Puzzledomite's mother made that, after he had been having a troublesome eruption of knees and elbows through jacket and trousers ! What a wonderful arrangement of human society it is that people should outgrow marbles! Fancy a learned M.A., or B.A. even, with patches at his knees ! I have heard of many poor folks who have been said to be "out at elbows," but never of any grown folks with ventilating apertures on their organs of genuflection-the old monks wore out the stones, if you remember, not their cassocks! Now, let me see if you can find out from this narrow little drawing (which much resembles one of the old-fashioned French houses, that run up so high and narrow like a sickly flower), the name of a gallant infidel, whose name has been brought to my mind often, in seeing so much of the duchy which formerly belonged to his still more gallant enemy-our own English king.
(H.) PICTORIAL CHARADE. ' w- ---L3