^freW^^v^A^ 85. CONUNDRUMS.
1. Why is a persou going to the Houses of Parliament to hear Lord Boacoustield's reply to a particular quos- tion regarding State matters, like an astronomer going to Greenwich ior scientific purpose* P 2. Why is a Yankee paying α visit to another Yaiikco's cabin, situated iu the backwoods of America, liko a person going to a place whero the British troops gained a brilliant victory in recent years ? 3. When is η celebrated British poet named by an umpire to the scorer at a game of cricket 'ŕ 4-. Why is a barber looking for his sign, wliich has boon purloined from over his shop-door by a practic il joker, like Captaiu Nines when commanding tho re¬ cent expedition to the Arctic regions ? 5. When does α nursemaid unconsciously threaten to bring the child she is in charge of to an institution for insane people ? M. Rock. PICTORIAL REBUS. Ĺ 86. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Of th fth'
Ouc of the feather'd minstrel tribe, A sweet and lovely flower inscribe. A fallacious argument, if right I understand, A city and a kingdom, in Afric's sultry laud ; Whether it brought joy or sorrow, it has now for ever fled, A Avritton message I employ, that you have often read ; A great seaport and trading town, ou tho Pacific Ocean, To quell, to crush, or to subdue, a riot or commotion : A vile impostor we may see, -who trios but to deceive, Whose smooth and oily tongue we find some people oit beliovo. Chas. Maksii. PICTORIAL REBUS. SOS % & 87. CHARADE. It is warm in the East, in Calcutta at least, Whero my first in my iic,r6 often goes for a stroll ; And eujoys the cool breeze beneath the shade of tho trees, For thero doubly Avclcomo's the shade of my whole. G. F. Long. 88. ANAGRAMS. 1. Sir E. T. Fool, M.P. 2. March on. 3. Shod by Lear. 4. Cat in a trap, Mary. 5. С served a lot. 6. Scant wild rosa. 7. Ovor brother. 8. Shall feet fore¬ most. Í). Siam will keep a share. 10. Pert, Mabel. A. Y. Z. PICTOBIAL REBUS
REBUS. 89. DROP WORD PUZZLE. I am а word of two letters, В makes me a plaything, О makes me food for horses, Y,by adding two letters, makes mo α railing boat, S makes mo the past of to sit H makes me a kind of head gear, E makes me a word for feed, R makes me a sharp little fellow, A doubles one of my letters, L, by changing ono of my letters, makes mo to allow, D, by adding a letter, makes me a fruit. Philip Lascells. Answers to the above Avili appear in No. 43,