PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
AST month all our PIuzzledom Pil- S o° Bgrims were still enjoying the linger- ing pleasures of the Christmas sea- son, but by the time this reaches them they will already have taken up their work again in good earnest. In the old days, when Pilgrims first were invented (as we should say in Puzzledom), they travelled far over land and sea, and endured many hardships to reach the country where 4 they desired to be. Now, as you have all known, there are many hard ,. places, and difficult gaps, to be met with in Puzzledom; and it is a -_ country where it -is.necessary to have all your wits about you. But I think, and I am sure all our Pilgrims will agree with me, that they are simply the little labours that are so pleasant, that the reward of guessing thein all, or even in part, quite recoinpenses them for the toil and trouble. When we are young there is nothing so delightful as climbing a mountain or g'tting" over some. stiff bit of the road ; and the fresh young blood goes tingling through every little vein, and the air. seems so .delicious, and the sky so bright. Then iS the, time, dear Pilgrims, to store up .every riay of sunshine and cheerfulness, becatise as you grow older, and' the shadows lengthen, you will want. all the sun rays you can get. Some day, perhaps, we nay. say in homely: fashion; .ybu fiay have some grief or sorrow, and happening to feel dee down in
your pocket, you may meet with the little 'hoarded bit of sunshine. We will commence our wanderings this month with (A.) A PICTORIAL ACROSTfC CHARADE. THE WHOLE We have not had any diggitigs this year, for, as we decided last month, the ground is frozen too hard to be easily stirred. But as we have had everywheie a great deal of snow, let us try what that soft fleecy-looking substance will yield us. (B.) UNDER THE SNOW. First, of all let us admire the beautiful sceine around us ! Every- thing seems touched by the enchanted wand of winter, and instead of fields and hedges, we seem to have a picture of lakes and moun- tains. SSecondly, pretty as it is, there has been a sad affair here ; for poor Farmer Blakd's best cow fell into the ditch in the snow, and though they had ropes to pull her out as soon as they knew of it, she was frozen to death. Thirdly, it is pitiful too to see the poor starved birds, hopping about on the bare boughs, and chirping faintly; every bush is fullof them, and so is every shrub. All the sparrows seem to huddle together for warmth. Fourtlhly, look at that clark sky; it seems as if the air was full of snow; here and there, youi cali see a break and rift in the clouds, but it isbut a gloomy prospect. Fifthly, I was enquiring last year what was a good food for those poor little starving mendicants the birds, and a friend told me last September rye was a very useful grain for the purpose. Sixthly, but it is getting' late and we Miust retrace our steps and get house, only you must step very carefuilly, as it is freezing hard, and you may come' to somize harn, and that wobuld be a sad termina- tion of our walk. If your cold fingers have enabled you to - dig deep enough, YOU will guess these very, easily, but as there are some young Puzzledomn Pilgrims who are not able to climb the stiff winding paths that lead through that land of mystification,. I will. add that' all the articles buried unlder that soft white fleecy blaiket, begit 'with " snow," as for example " snow-man"