PUZZLETORIAL ENIGM tr-HISTORCAL ENIGM
N eminent Frenchman, whose mtagnificeht. tomb -and statue Peter:t eth -Great visited when in France. 'When there he embra~ d the ·gauie crying, " G"ret inm if thou wert still ve, wola give thee, without regret, one-half of my kingdom in orde'r to:learn of thee how to -ie the other half.' The first syllables of.the'names here below That of our hero trly will show. . - A brave Erglh kig, A town of Peru. ' In Palestine tam i. Is the name which mes next; For his courage and-valour And as ties the chief ) A siurname h gai Yoi can can't be perplexed. 2 " 4. A very long river, In Asia now search In.the north.east of Spain, For a large river's name, And yet it has only Nine letters in ll A very short name. It does coniitain 7.--IISTOICti AL ENIGidA
A famous dancer, born in Florence, and al pil of Dupre. He obtained great fane at e OprainParis. His vanity was even greater n his talent, for he ofteni uae to say, "There only three great-:neiiini E rope--I, Voltaire, d the King of Prussiai t'I('rederickiL) . An Emperor of Ronpey iaioked'littionoit, d cruel man. Ose day, iitiitg' the -$b 'o6f ttle after'his lieutenants had 'ained !or ~him ictory, he uttered these shocking wosir :-:- he body of a dead enemytsmells sweet I" SThe English kig whoinstituted an bider of *ghthood, and at the same .timei spoke these rds-" 'ioni soit qui mal g nse." . A Grecianagae,'wliho, haingpaid Greesus, rich King :f -Lydia, a visit~th-tt inonarch, h pride, displayed hiiis .'ifohes befdre him. pe hilosopher, instead of being struok with szement (as Orcesus expected),atthe'sight of much magnificence, merely remarked, "-Let account.no man.happy before his death." SThe transldtor of the Sciptires iito Eng-
lish who was condemned to be burnt.for heresy. When fastened to the stake he cried with a 16nid voice, "Lord; open the eyes of the King of England I" 5. A iver which formed the domestic boundary i,ggreat empire. -It was crossed by a cele- $",Uannwho Wa ' leading.his army thither, with thi9s1Ytt1it ion-" The die is cast I" ,6. A adtitry to whihli4fames II. was going on an un~diessfil -endea'our to, regain his crown, when the:parting words of Louis XIV. of France to him were-" The best'thingI'can with you is, that I.may never see ybouagain." 7. A lfamous philosopher who was unjustly accused, and condemned to drink poison. His wife was lamenting that he had been unjustly condemned. "Wouldst thotu rather," 'said he, " that my condemnation had been just ?" If each of these names You write down as you find, The answer is plain. By th' 'initials combined;
I 8:-ENIGMA.
rom rosy gates we issue foith, rom east to west; fromm souith'to i~oth, isecn, rinfelt, by night by day, broad we take our airy way. foste~1v i landdy strife e bitter and the sweet d life 'eihg'and sharp, ' ýig oug d ti steel, ow, smooth as oil, those wounds we heel.
Not strings of pearls are valued modre, Nor gems encasea in gbiden re; Yet thousands of isa very dy W"rthle s andu vile ware `ast . ' a Ye wise, secure with bars of brass The doubie gates throu'gh `hich weafetit For, once escaped, bck' to our cell Nor art, nor man, can usicombipel
9.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. "ý' i,` . "' " " n V ii1 l
10. -PICTORIAL CHARADE. . , I .
nay first, the harbiuger of spring, Flouts the air with rapid wing; Crawls the earth in savage mood, To seek its banquet fierce of blood. My second o'er the earth and sea Raves in savage revelry, Spreaaing ruin wide o'er all ,
Which beneath its rage may fll. My whole the fiery charger reins, Holding him in firmest chains; He may champ and he may rear, He may plunge with wildest fear, Still restrained, his master guides; Safely sits, and firmly rides.
11.--HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
The initials of the following form the name of a French emperor, the first of his name, who was crowned King of Italy at Milan. He placed the' iron crown of the kings of Lom- bardy upon his head with his own hands, ex- claiming, " God has given it to me; beware who touches it!" The finals of the first four form o~e of the most tyrannical of Roman emperors, who, when young, appeared humane and compassionate; for when a warrant for the execution of a ,criminal was brought to him to be signed, he would cry out, "Would to Heaven that I had never learned to write I"
1. The former capital of a large Asinic pire. Its name means "southern coult." 2. A Portuguese division, which derives name from the Arabic, " El Gharb"-'theB 3. A European monarch who founded capital of his empire, which takes its from its founder. 4. The second town in Portugal. 5. The name given to the eastern Pi Sahara, or the Great Desert. 6, The ancient capital of Media. 7. A large Prussian river. 8. An English town, noted for a battle! in.1645.