In cOnSLeqIue'nce of t/Ie mass of olher nva//er iii the fhreseni numnber i/ the JlL',ltg:: ,ZuW are obhced 10 Jprint i/iC IPuz es in i/iC Sul/4lemcn..
Enigma. Come, let us look at it closely; 'tis a very ugly word, And one that makes us shudder when- ever it is heard. It is not always wicked, but must be always sad- And speaks of sin and suffering enough to make us mad. They say it is a colmpound word, and that is very true; And then they discompose it, which of course they're free to do. If of the dozen letters you take off the first three, You have the nine remaining as sad as they can be. Though it seems to make it less, in fact it makes it more, It takes the brute creation in, which we left out before;
Instead of thiree and nile, let's make i foura and eig/it, You'll say it makes no difference-a' least, not very great. But only see the consequence-it's that need be done To change this mass of sadness to un mitigated fun; It clears off swords and pistols, revol. vers, bowie-knives, And all the horrid weapons by whici men lose their lives. Nature now rejoices: how joyfally is heard The vocal sound of gladness com- pressed into one word. Yes, four and eig/t, my friend, let that be yours and mine, While all the host of demons rejoice in three and nine. Myfirst is a man's name; my sai is a part of speech; my lthird is a birds and my whole is a weapon used in a
3. iJgfirst is a useful animal ; my sc- ilis a part of speech; my third has ny teeth yet never bites; and my Iwk is what most people shudder to ter. 4. lyfirst is a useful animal; my second an article of food; and my zcwhole is e name of a great monarch. 5. the forest dark and lonely, Where the oak and fir-tree grow, here I have my habitation, Far remote from human foe. at should you transpose these letters, Now appears a stately form; is a goddess ruling nations, And the ocean's angry storm. ier now my final letter, Do you ask me what appears ? ne whose character is noble, Never moved by idle fears. 6. Word Squares. A small book. To rob. In pursuit of. To gain. An actor. 7. A fastening. An assembly. To turn from. To obey. A man's name. 8. Subdued. An assent. Food. To penetrate (curtailed), A bird. Past tense of a verb. Advantage. A cardinal point.
IO. What every baker uses. A valley. Other. Need. I I. Contemptible. A renowned wonder. A prefix. A town in Palestine. 12. The young of a bcast. A Swiss canton. A mouth-piece. 13. Cryptograph. Yuhoi qci qasi iyte avhysrnhvs uvadcq Nyr uvyjsarcis mali y uijk he madcq, Iyte qyvdi nyr syol uimhn; Yjs naqc qci htvyjr kadcqx rnajd, Ncij ciyoajd qh qci qikgerqr najd- Qcix cpvrmes qcik hj qci ehi. 14. In sylvan brook, or ocean wave, Or in the deadly whirlpool's foam, My first is ever to be found, No matter where on earth you roam. My second oft has caused my first, And everywhere on earth 'tis seen, The mountain's grandeur, or the temple vast, Without its aid could ne'er have been, To Albion bound full many a ship My who/c to ruin has betrayed; But what was once a cause of dread Is now a blessing thrice displayed, Painters. 15. abceeg hhilmnors. 16. abcdefhkllnosuuy. 17. aaadddeeeilnnrvv. 18. aacdeghinopprssstuu. 19. aaceehilmnorrsstw. 20. adehijlnoorrsssuy. 2I, abeeelnpprrstuu.
Square Words. 22. A common verb akin to place; A preposition see; Most useful in an ancient race; Long seasons now are we. 23. Inferiority I show; I am a female name; A verb which means to make a row; My last is just the same. 24. The debtor's last and only friend ; A phantom of the brain; By this you try mistakes to mend ; In this is instinct plain. 25. First seek a feeling of the mind; And now a female name; A benefactor me you find; The morning they proclaim. 26. The wizard from his island called, and I, A sprite attendant on his every wish, Appeared at once to do his utmost will. One letter drop, the riest transpose, and lo ! A royal personage will meet your gaze, Of whom you'll find a wondrous poet wrote. Transpose again : Behold no tran- sient gleam, That, "like the baseless fabric of a vision," Fades fast away; for things like this are true, And have foundation; else they were not this. 27. Cryptograph. 3cuir, 3crir m5i5 45 m515, 96, k9d5 25 85 Imp fc pfli 81e4j, Ii5 k85i5 es 25771 ij ikpfli 7Ik5, Efi rep gffi 12flk pfli cre4j ?
f8 ! k5r3'k85 fig8Ie-2fp kfi51 si k5r38 k85 fig8re-79ie ks j5n Giip 85rm5e bfi I 81die 85iik Ie4 c5k k85 bffc9j8 P5fdie 7f. 28. A bird. A shout. Part of the body. A stone. A measure. A man's name. A loft-curtailed. A drawing. A pronoun. A French minister. An animal. The initials and finals read dos wards will give two celebrated sigh in the world. 29. Cryptograph. Onk upfaj, oup alawe ps lubh ztjq Jok mszezli xrfb igtbss, Dmsg wobsy hqcu maf cogm 2ne ovy Vve wvsvrs avww nor ttjs. 30. My initials will give the name of great hero, my third letters and frid his two capacities. Ruling. To go out. A rower. To refresh. A tooth. A Greek numeral. To revolve. A musical term. Temples (reversed). A section. A religion. To infix (reversed). A grammatical term. A mineral substance. A kind of acid. A girl's name.