PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
LD Christmas is close upon us now, young people; and I suppose you are all looking for- ward anxiously to the holidays. As we shall not meet again until -a the New Year begins, I must wish you all a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year now. Make the most of them, and enjoy them while you may, for they are the especial festivals of youth. For your elders I think they are mostly sad, because, apart from the strange fact that just about this season dear friends die, or great men are called away-Thackeray, the author of those two delightful children's books " The Rose and the Ring," and " Dr. Birch," died on Christmas eve-the old folks look back upon the Christmas gatherings that can never be again, and remember the New Years that loved ones never lived to complete. So, my dear little folks, make the most of the holidays, only be moderate in your indulgence in good fare, for there's the doctor lurking behind it like a spider to catch you, and taking pills is not nice; although I fancy the unpleasantness lies more in thinking you have to take them, than in taking them. It's like going to the dentist's-the pain is not in the actual drawing of the tooth but in the sitting down in that chair. It's all fancy, after all. I remember when I was ill as a boy making a terrible to-do every day over a draught I was ordered, until my father, who no doubt knew all about it, told me that when he was little he had done just the same thing, but that happening to taste his medicine one day he found it was very nice and tasted of almonds ! I thought I would try the experiment too. Oddly enough, 1my medicine was nice and tasted of almonds ! I expect before Christmas we shall have snow and frost, and then many of my little friends who tell me they are looking forward to skating and sliding will have their wish. For my part, I must own I don't like snow and cold. 1 don't like it personally, and
besides it makes me sad to think of the number of poor people, with scarcely a rag to their backs, and no fire on the hearth, who have to suffer so terribly. Still I know frost and snow are dutifully doing their work, " fulfilling His word; " and if men only did the same there would be no poor people frozen to death in their garrets. But it is time we began our march through Puzzledom; and as you little people like the sharp weather, we will turn our steps to that wide white plain yonder, where you can see nothing but the dark pine-stems; for all vegetation is completely concealed beneath the silvery shroud. The bushes bending under their wintry loads, look like crouching figures covered up in sheets. Even the pine- tops are burdened, and look like the tops of Twelfth Night cakes - only without the figures. It strikes me that if we search about here we shall find- (A.) Six GREEN THINGS BURIED IN SNOW. We have no spades with us, not even our seaside ones, and I fancy some of you would prefer not to dig with your fingers. But don't be afraid After the first chill, your hands will be in a healthy glow. Ah! there's the first find. I see some of the athletic youngsters would rather have a game at snowballs. Well, I have no objection; only don't pelt me, for I don't like to have a snowball dribbling down the small of my back like Mrs. Brown's carnelian beads when her necklace broke as she was pushing into the theatre-ah, there's another find ! You had better not stand about in the cold. If you don't like snowballing or seek- ing for buried plants, you might build a snow- man, and that would be fine fun. Come, we've got another green thing ! Only look what a large space of ground we have entirely divested of its white furry garb in our search for the buried plants. I am afraid the poor grass will feel very cold without its warm white mantle. Let us shovel it back again, for we have made another find. Now we'll try by the hedge here. Who is that leaning over the gate, looking so un-
happy ? Oh, it's Bob, the huntsman. Of course he's wretched because there will be no hunting till the snow is gone. No more "Hark- away, Yoicks, Tantivy" till the weather is open again. Poor Bob, what with violets in spring and snow in winter he is badly used, and everybody must pity him-except the foxes. But look ! here's another find ! A little further along the hedge and we shall find the last object of our search. We will search under those low-hanging bushes which can scarcely leave the little shrub room enough to thrive in. Ah, I thought so !- here we have it, and so we have completed our collection. I wonder whether you will discover those concealed plants. We have not had any buried things for a long time, but I don't suppose you have forgotten how to do them. I dare say though some of you will say to me- (B.) That's a proverb that is often addressed to those careless little people who when they have done with anything for the present- hats, bonnets, cloaks, toys and books-pop them down anywhere; and when they want them again, cry out that they are lost ! By the way, talking of losing things, there's a capital Christmas game that I remember called " Hot boiled beans," where one player goes out of the room while the others conceal some article previously agreed upon. The searcher, on returning into the room, is greeted with cries of " warm " or " cold," ac- cordingly as the hiding-place is nearer or farther. It is like " magic-music," but it can be played where there is no piano. Suppose we have a game at " Hot boiled beans." But first of all, you must find out what it is that I mean to hide. You will learn from this-
(C.) CHARADE. " Whatever can our Johnnie ail, That he should cry and bellow? He's looking so alarmed and pale- Come, what is wrong, old fellow?" He shows us, with another burst Of tears, a somewhat damaged First. " And pray, sir, how came that about ? With terror you are smitten ! You've teased a savage dog no doubt, And that's why you were bitten." Upon that fate you might have reckoned Because the creature was my Second. " Pray, don't your mother go and scare,- It's done, and she can't mend it; It served you right, as you're aware- But come and let me tend it ! (Of all her fears, the fear absurd Of hydrophobia is my Third !) " There: now it's dressed, so cry no more! And, please, don't look so sickly; It may be still a little sore, But that will vanish quickly. But if you wish it you may roll Your injured limb up in my Whole." Talking of Christmas amusements, I saw a very pretty thing at the Children's Ball at Dieppe, which is quite easily arranged. At all the little folks' parties I have been to of late years there have been " costume crackers --crackers that contain paper caps and head-dresses of all sorts. Well, at the end of the ball the little people were ranged in a circle and each received a cracker, which, at a given signal, was snapt with his or her next neighbour. 'I'hen all put on their head-dresses (which by the way had better be fastened on with a hair-pin as they are apt to fall off unnoticed, being so light) and then Mons. Cellarius, the Master of the Ceremonies, breaking the ring in one place, led the whole string off to the sound of a merry march. He led them in and out in all sorts of curves and figures, but so as never to break the line, and the effect was extremely pretty, as I think my little friends will find if they try it. I had a batch of photographs this morning from our old friend Mr. Phancy. It is lucky that Puzzledom photography is different from ordinary photograph)', for these are the pictures of four fabulous animals. Our ordinary photography has never yet suc- ceeded in taking things that do not exist.
(D.) PHANCY PHOTOGRAPH. FOUR FABULOUS MONSTERS. While we are on the subject of photographs, I am glad to say I have received enough to send to some of my little friends to whom they have been long promised, and I hope to do so, as well as to answer many over-due letters, before Christmas. I am afraid some of them must have thought my promises were like piecrust, but, at any rate, the pie was none of my making. I have got all the letters by me, and I keep them in--but, no ! You must guess for yourselves where I keep them. (E.) ENIGMA. Within the garden fair I keep your feet from straying; And you will find me where Stage-companies are playing. In churches, superintends My interest the beadle; Men do me to their friends, As sailors to the needle. I, in the tavern warm, To sip your port invite you; But if you're not " good form," Upon the ear I smite you ! That's where I keep the letters from my little friends. I am afraid I have been so long in keeping my promise that some of them will prefer to see before they believe. Never mind ! in the meantime, here's some- thing to go on with, which will perhaps be borne out by the proverb in which it is embodied :-
(F) Now I am going to give you a very easy double acrostic this time, and explain all about double acrostics. We'll take (I.) from last month. It meant " Acorn " and "Ships," and in the first two lines of the first verse reference is made to the former, and in the second to the latter. Then come the steps by which you are to guess the two words which form a double acrostic, the first word being made by the initial letter of each step, the second by the final, in this way:- I. AsS 2. C as H 3. 0 smanl I 4. R ea P 5. Nail S Of course, you must in the answers give not only the two original words, but also the steps, in order to show you have not guessed the former at haphazard. For instance, there were most wonderful words sent in for step No. 3, although the two leading words were guessed correctly. Now, if I had passed those solutions on the strength of these two words, some of my little friends might have gone away under the impression that the Turks are called " Omoi " and "Omali," and all sorts of things; and we want to learn even in our Puzzledom play- or at least not to mislearn. I don't like what is ordinarily called " Instruction blended with Amusement," because it is generally like castor oil and water ; the oil with its nasty taste on the top, and only a little drop of flavourless water to wash it down. But I do honestly believe that there is no sensible amusement which is not imperceptibly in- structive and educating. However, that is lecturing, so we'll get to our
(G.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. They fall so silently and light, Till all the hills and plains are white. And lo, at morn in crystal etched Upon the pane what scenes are sketched ! I. "A-tischew ! A-tischew !" Good fortune I wish you Some friend with a box has been trying to dish you ! 2. Once there were ten, but nine have badly done, And so of all the lot we find but one. 3. This is a comfortable size For books, that one would read and prize. 4. Into the box they called him, And there they overhauled him,- Oh, no ! I would not-would not be Examined by a sharp Q. C. 5. Happy England, that can boast Ocean bulwarks round her coast, She can never fare amiss Long as she continues this ! I may as well say that I am not so strict as to exclude words which though not the exact word of the solution bear the same meaning, and have the same initials and finals. For instance, in (B.) of last month the first step was " Slugs," but as " Snails" answered as well, I passed it. Next we are going to have (H.) A BUNCH OF EVERGREENS. I. A vowel. 2. Three-fourths of an aperture and two- thirds of cunning. 3. A vowel, and half of the fleet. 4. The colour of a horse. 5. Three-fourths of praise, and half of ease. 6. Three-quarters of a young lady, two-thirds of a measure and portion of a foot. We'll carry that home to decorate the rooms with. How very short the days are growing, and of course the evenings lengthen out in proportion, and the great question is how to spend them. Well, for my part, I like reading, and there are some old favourites of my younger days that I can always take up with renewed pleasure. Here-are three of them !
(I) THREE BOOKS. I like all sorts of reading, except "Brad- shaw's Guide," and the "London IDirectory;" but I daresay some of you little people like history, and some travels, and some poetry, and some-well! what do some like? We will put it as A LOGOGRIPHE. I am a word of seven letters signifying a style of literature. My 5, 4, 3, 7, is an appellation. My i, 7, 4, 3, is a term in stationery. My 7, 4, I, 5, is to merit. My 3, 4, 6, 7, is a spice. My 4, 3, 2, I, is a little classic god. My 4, I, 3, is a weapon. My 6, 4, 5, is a vessel. My I, 2, 3, 7, is a city. My 3, 2, 4, is an extinct bird. My 6, 2, 5, 7, is a solid figure. My I, 4, 6, 7, is a contest. My 3, 4, I, is to destroy. My 6, 2, i, 7, is the inmost centre. My 3, 4, 5, is a descendant of Adam. My 3, 2, I, 7, is a comparative. My 5, 7, 4, I, means propinquity. My 4, 3, 7, 5, is part of prayer. My 6, 4, I, 7, is trouble. My i, 4, 3, is a ship of war. My 6, 4, I, is a vehicle. My 3, 4, 5, 7, is part of a horse. My 5, 2, i, 7, is in the Thames. My 2, 3, 7, 5, is a sign, and my 3, 7, 4, 5, is penurious. There now only remain the essays to be set. In future I will give prose and verse on alternate months, accompanied by Blind,
Blank, or Unwedded Rhymes as the case may be. This time we will have verse. (L.) VERSE. Subject :-The effects of a hard winter. Blank Rhymes :-On the ice. glide. slide. gleam. stream. fall. crawl. rn11. sun. Now the next thing to do is to give the solutions and the list of correct guessers. SOLUTIONS. A.-Picture Proverb ;-N, ewe, broom, s, sweep, C lean. New brooms sweep clean. .B.-Double acrostic :--slide, skate ;-slugs, lark, India, dot, estate. C.--Indoor game :-Shuttle-cock and battle- dore (battle, door). D.-Indoor game :-Cat's cradle. E.--Logogriphe :-L]eaves, ale, lee, sea, vale, seal. lea, eve, veal, ave, eel, lave, save; vase, sale, else, elves, eaves, ease, leave, lease, slave. F.-Bunch of keys :-lac-key ; whisk-key; monk-key; don-key; Turk-key; tea-urn- key; stick-key. Lackey; whiskey; mon- key; donkey; turkey ; turnkey; sticky. G.-Proverb in Rhyme :- All work and no play make Jack a dull boy. IL-Something and a Fruit : i. Chest + nut=chestnut. 2. Wal +1 + nut=walnut. 3. Cob + nut=cobnut. 4. Haze (1) + nut=hazelnut. 5. Beach + nut=beechnut. 6. Ground + nut=ground-nut. 7. Co, Co + nut=cocoa-nut. 8. Bra (y), z, it (1) + nut=Brazil nut. I.-Double Acrostic :-Acorn, ships, ass, cash, Osmanli, reap, nails. I find that I omitted last month to send the printers the subjects for K. I,. and M. ; so that I must proceed at once to the list of those who have guessed all puzzles correctly. They are the following :- Double Daisy of Dieppe: Little Nell; Fanny Barclay; I). Earn- shaw; Ursa Major; L. I.. Nicholls; Tarquin and T''rumpeter:F..
Gallop; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh ; Linda and Zelda: Thckla! Louie; Tiny Tim ; Elise ; Punch and Judy ; Darby and Joan; Erin; Alice Berrington; Francesca; Lily of the Valley; Mary Henrietta; Severn ; Amy and Constance; R. H. Whall ; Lallie; Wills; Polly; Jack and Jill; Emily Maude Snmith: Elsie Wilkins ; Periwinkle ; Sydney Gimson; Thedi ; Daymar: and Tibear: Flora and Aurora: Minnie and Pheanic : Nclly Lewis : Wilhelmina ; Ellen Llewellyn: Chestnut ; Harry I-ut spur; Neddums and Bee ; M. F. H. ; Lucy Maine: I.uis and lanette: Enaj : C. J Powell; Mabel Ellis; Moyla I and Ruskin Burn; T. [C. Hughes; I ilium L. Rubrumn; the Red Queen; Perchde and Tip; Kate and Mary Elgin; Frisky; Dunnie ; Tommy Bogey ; Polyanthus and Henny-Penny ; Ruby and Comet; Clarisa ; Little S. ; J. W. Hoton ; An.swer; The Kittymice; Kitten ; F. S. ; Maggie; John and Archie; Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse; Lenore; Emily Kate; G. D. Sharp; F. I. H. ; Minna and Brenda; W. A. P. The following have answered those puzzles, of which I give the initial letters in Italics after their names :- Gyp, A B C E G; Madge, A C DE G H Gerty and Katie, A C D ES; Edith E, A B C D E F G; Sunshine, . .E G ; Lilian and Gertrude, A C D E FG H1; Emmeline, .4 C E; Adonis (Estivalis, A B CD G H I; W. H. Trimble, A B C D E G H; J. and G. Macdonald, A C DE (; II ; M. T., A B CDE G HI: Guinea Pie, A E ; Mary Maud Paget, A B C D G E H I; Frank Arnold, A C E II; Shrimp, A BCDE F G H; Ella and Missy, A B CDE E;: Minnie W., A B E F G H I; Clara Cecilia Porter, B C D E G //; Harry Michael, A4 C E; Brown Hair, A B CD EG I; Mary Power Jackson. A CD E FG H1; Jumping Jehosophat. .- B C D E G H I; Katie S., A C DE F. G H; Stanley Flint, A B C D E F H I; Little Dorrit and Katie Levy. A C I) E; Kathleen Maude, A BCDE G H I; Toby, A C DE GHI; Ecila, A C DE C HI; E. Hutton, A CD E II; G.,M. E., A B C D E G H; May Grenfell, A C E, Amelia Suermondt, A C E I; Charles E. Allan, A B C : (; i /; Beatrice and Aubrey Beevor, A B C D E G H: J. Hedge, .A B CE F G I; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A B C D F 1G ii; Percy Reed, A C D E G C ; Fenella, .4 CD E J,' ( I i: George Smetham, A CD E G H; Winifred Rodway, A E (;: Fanny Hall, A B C D E G H I; Patricia, A B CD E G; Loveley, A C D A E G H; Aimde, AB C D E G 11; A. and E H.,A B C J)D. G CI; M. Patterson, A 1BC E F; 1/; Margarette and Dora Sharpe, A C 1) E G I ; Three Bears, .4 C E F G I; Mother Carey's Chickens, A C D E G; Angelita. .1 CD E H; Joppa, A BCD E F G H; Mamie Brett, .A C I) E (; Joan of Arc, A C D FG H I; Topsy Clun;p,.4 B C D _E FH III ; Edith Gertrude, A B CDE F/D /: Three Nippers, A B C D E F; G I; Napoleon and Josephine,I IB ) E H I; The Graces, A BCE F G H; Lucumo, A BC DE I ; The Little Mountaineer, A B C DE G H I; Adeleine, .A B C D F; Fridzwede, A B C D E F G; Ada Edith and Beachie, . B C D E F G H ; Lux, A B C 1)F H 1: Euphan Maxwell, A B C D E C II I; Katie Abbot, .4 B C 15 " F ; ; Her and Pollywog, A B C D E G H I ; Guess Why, . BCD) G (; :Aggie Wylie, AB CDE F G 1 ; Louist Sarah, A C ) E G HI; A. and B. Taylor, A C E G(I : Caric and Kittie, A B C I) E G II; W. R. Heatley, A C D (;I: J. A. F. M. and friend, A B C D E F G I; Hetty Comber, ABCDE HI; BerthaNevill, ABCDEG III; J.K. F. Cleave, B C D E; I.elia Terni, E ; Sissie Miles, 4 C D I (; I ; Laburnum, Clematis, and Canariensis, A BC DE G II; Judy, A B C D " H I; Yorkshire Lassie, A B C DE(;: Li!ly and Billy Wilson, .Al CD F G H I; J. D. McClure. A C E: Mabel Walmisley, A1 B CD E F G II; May and Willie Arber, ACDEG I; Edith Emily Harris, A BCDEG I; Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A B C D E G H I; The Three W;tches in Macbeth, A B C D F F G IH; Marie Antoinette, AC 1() C H; Pendragon, .4 BC D EG H I; Smoke, A B'C D (; H I; Lizzie, A ; Constance Briggs, A D E; Edith Mary Stock- ley, C; Annie Allan, A E; F. W. Vivian, E; Alice Wade, A 1: Gemini, A B C D FE G H I; Ella, A B D F; Dolly Vartlen. .4 C'D F G: Jessie Hair Pagan, A C D E G ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, A BCD G I; Wanderer, A BCDE G . : 'Trix. .1 BD l: Bessie. A C D E F II ; Duchess, A BC E D G tH; Fawnie, E; A Cornish Maiden, A CD E CG Hi; eatrice Vivian, A B E H; L.otus, A B C D E G IH; Drake, Duck, and Pig, AB CD E G I; Cupid and Sloper, A DE F ; mmie., ABCDE G H; M1. and A. Dalby, A C DE FG I: Bea- trice,.4 ABCD C D E G I I; Sib Boneson, ABCEG H/ I .aura Marie Jackson, A B C D E G H 1; Edith and Geraldine. A 1/ SG(;; Haigha and Hatta, A BCDEG II G ; A. M. ). S., A C D E G If ; Daisy and Edgar, A B CD F G II 1: Zita. ACDEG II: Amy, A BCDEHI;S. J.E. D., A (' D G H; Audrey Dynecourt, A CD E G ; Arthur and Florenc. ACEFGHI: Frank, AEGII: J.H.G., ABCD E(; SI /; Emma and Cousin Anne, A B CD EG C; Ida Aitken. A C D I ; Mary Gleig, A EG H; Pixie, ACDE I(; ; Jumping Jack, B C D EG II I; Jessie M., C DE II: Sallie. Dolle, and Kit, .4 B C D E G H I ; Alice and Florence Hum- phreys, A BCD EG I; Ariel. A CD G IH; Brown Eyes (Durham), A B CD E F G II; Clara and Herbert, A B ( I F II; tHarry Henderson, A CD E G; Snuff-box, A C'
F G IH; Rosa Sillitoe, A C D E G; Bella and Sister, A C D E G; Alice's Oak Tree ; A B C D E FG H; Ethel and Fritz- Lucas, ACD E G H; E. S. Milner, A CDEG H: William Rufus and Wallflower, A C D F FG H; Annie Cooking, A C D E G; Edith Mary Glover, A D E; Freddy Burghard, A B C I) E GH; Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice Baldwin, A C D E (CI; Gordon Bowe, A C E; Maggie and Blanche, A C D) E ;l H; Beatrice Emily Gill, A B C D1) EG I; E. Touthomme, D E; Buttercup and Daisy, A C D E F G; Willie Horton, -4 C FG H; Claude Lowe, A B C D E I, GiH; Marion Mlaude, A4BC 1) E GHI; Rosie, AB C D FC G I ; Roel, A'B C ) E (;HI; Joseph Rix, A B C E G H I ; Little Flo, A C D E F G H I ; Isabella Blatch, A CD F G H; ; E. C., CD E; Scholasticus, A C D E I ; Rustic, A B C D E FIlIL; Wol- demar Chingachgook, A C D E I L; Monkey, A B C D E HI I; Hiawatha, A B C E G I; Nettle, A F . G 1H; Crusty Peg, A CDE G H; Charlie and Percie Carryer, A C D E I : Francesca T., A B D E F I; Humming Bird, A B C D E C III; Willie Reyburn, A C H ; Balbus, A ; Luigia, A B CI) G HIII; Lilian H., A CDE G; W. A. Gellan, A BCD] I G i I ; Mim, Nellie, Addie, and Dolly Vernet. A C D E G I; Arthur B. Dalby, A C E G IH; Edmundo Damas, A C D EG : Ada Masson, A E G H; A. J. Rigge, A C D E F; Emily Agnes, . B C D E G H I: Jessie M. Sippel, AB C D G ; Annie Suter, D E F; R. D. Purves, A C' D E G H; Codling, A B C E G H; Constance and Mabel, A C D E G H; Ada and A0nnie, A B CD E F G I; Edith Holland, A C D E F G; Puzzled, A B C D E F G; Dolly Morten, A B C D E G II ; Alfred Trimble, A C D E G; Tweedledum, A B C D E F G; Olive Douglas, A C D E; Chim, AB C D E F I IE ; Gastrum, A E GH I; Mary Blanche Hayward, A C D E F G 11; Polly, Jack, and Albert, A C D E G; Emile Polly Hetty, A C E; Jack Tar, A E ; Three Kays, A C D E G I ; Jane Robertson, ABCDE It; Noiram, A C D G H; Harry J. Bilboe, ACE G; Fritz B. Dalby, A CE G; Katie P., A C E G I I; Maggie Mary Borland, A B CD E F G I; Hardingstonians, A CDE F FIG CH; Nellie F. Thomas, A C D E G; Two Patri- archs, ABC D F G;: Annie G. Drew, A E G; Busy Bee, BCDE F G H; Strosh, ABCC E (; II ; Alex and Ilew, ABCDE F G I; Kitty Merry, A BCDE ; 'Ihe Three Little Kittens, AC DE F G II; W. J. S., ABC) E FG I; Old Tibbs, A B C D E H; Edith Cadogan, A B C D E /G I; E. M. Cooper, A B C DE G; Jim Pomeroy, CD E ; Amy Measor, A C D E II; May and Dorothy, A CD E G IH ; M\enelaus, D If ; Balbus, E H; Bayleaf,.4 B C D F1 (C; I: Nellie and L. Webster, A B C D E FG H; May 'Tatum, A 1B C D E F G H: Meg Merrilies, A C D E G HI ; Victor S., A C D E G; \V. Whitmore, A CDE G; Adela. ACDEF G : H. C. Johnstone, A B C E G H ; Lillie M., B C E FG H; Elaine and Maud, A B C EG I; Edith and Harry, .l B CD H(; I I; Lechs, .4 D E G H; Brothers Kirkland, A C FC I; Sour (;rapes, A C D F 1 G H; Beatrice Woods, .4 C D E G I; Amy B. W., A C D E G ; Isabel and Harry, 1 (" D) II ; Mary, Connie, and Eddy, A C D E G I 1; Winifred Evans, A B C DE I G IH; Florence Annie Snell, A C I C 1I; Polly and Pattie, . C D E G H; Lily, Annie, and Susie Rowe, A(C 1)DE G H; Bessie and Ada Pinnock, A B C D IF "G CI; Lalla Rookh, AB DE G I I; W. and D. Shearer, A B C 1) EC /H I: Char, In, and Lu, A C D E : A. M. T. L., C I) F; Wild Anemone, A C D E C H : Katherine Bassett, A C D1) FG CII; Chicky Darling, A C D E C I :; Carrie, Ella, and .May, ABCEG II ; Irish Stew, ACDEG H; A. M. Y., 4 B C D IEG /: W. and J. Thomson, A 1 C E 1 I; Willie Sheppard, .I C) E G ; Arthur Grant, I C D E F G(; ; Deer- foot, ACD E; Widdie, ABCDLEG C I; Marta, ABC I) E t( H ; Staytie and Annie Dutton, C D ; Celestine, A B C 1) AG ( 1; Alice Hungerford, . C D 1 F G IH; Lillie and Mabel, . C D E F G ; Amy and Maggie,.4 B C D l' G (; : H. S. J. V. T., A BC 1)EC G ; 3abel and Ethel, A l ( 1) EG I; Katie Glassford, 4 C D E 11; F:. and F. Huntsman, . B C 1) E F G 1H ; Ivanhoe, C I) IE; Chrissy W., A B3 (' , 11: Arthur Marigold, A1 B C DEG H I; Nancy, A1 E G(;; Poker and Tongs, ABC D F G H ; M. Hope, .4 H C D C (; H; Charity, 4 B C DE G H I ; /Mabel Ellis, A C D) FG (; ; M. S., ABCD E H ; Edith Sheward, AB C DE (; : Nora Bawcutt. A B C D F "; Cat, Pug, and Fudge, .A C ID C G II : A. E. Clapperton., C E GC ; Spider W., A. C 1) E Topsy W., A C'D E; Beatrice Ethel N., A C D F II; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A C D E G; Eugene Teesdale, A. C D I SG If ; Alice Stronach, .4 B CD E GH I ; Laurence Dicksee. SC D; Herbert Dicksee, A C D; Bescvad, A C HD E G ; Valentine and Daisy, A Bi D E F I; J. and J. H. Purser, . B ( D E FG H; Organ-blower, A C D E F G; Judy, A C D E: V Weathercock, A DE FG ; The Baird, A C D E F (; 1I /; W. Sutherland, A C E H; Lualabinetta, A B C D F G II /; Jack and Gill, A C D E; Emily, C D E F; Rosebud, A B C I G H; Marion Leslie,.4 B C DI) CG H. I am sorry that, after my warning last month, no less than sixty letters came too late for admission. There they lie on the table before me, with the general post red stamp of the 17th upon them like a blush. I need hardly say that I have also had seve-
ral sets of answers unsigned, and that there has been a good deal of disregard of the rules, although I repeated them last month. As I have had between four and five hundred letters to go through this month, it is quite needless to say that this carelessness not only makes my task the more difficult, but is very apt to lose my correspondents' credit for cor- rect answers which they have given irregularly. I now come to my letters. I did not intend when I suggested that the emblematical initial would do for colouring, that the illuminations should be sent to me, but several have been sent, and I am very much pleased to receive them. Minehaha's illumination is simply a beautiful and tasteful work. I have also had very good paintings from Dorothy Dumps, Editta Mancare, Linda, Wilhelmina, Mabel Walmisley, Arthur Grant, Marta, while Marion Fox has made it the initial of a scroll con- taining the word "Perseverance," which should be the motto of all Puzzledom Pil- grims. Ariel has copied the letter very cleverly in pencil. As for all the pretty things that thoughtful little heads and kind little fingers have been busy about for me, I really don't know how to express my thanks for them. Euphan Max- well has made me a dainty little moleskin purse, and Bessie Pinnock has worked me a napkin-ring in Berlin wool and beads; and I have had some tiny shells (which have suffered a little from my natural enemies at the Post Office) from Francesca T., and a capitally arranged group of Swiss and Italian wild flowers from Editta Mancare. Some beautiful autumn-tinted leaves have reached me, espe- cially some from Ida Aitken, which come from America. Besides these the Kittymice have sent me a very pretty little picture of a girl in a hood in watercolours; and I have re- ceived flowers of many kinds, which is sur- prising at this time of the year. And I must not forget to thank Amelia Suermondt for the beautiful frond of white fern, which is like a fern in a bridal veil. It looks like a hot- house plant, but there is a " ditch full of it near Amelia's home in Holland. The news of my peacock's death has brought me much sympathy, and much chat about pets. In answer to Rosa's question I may say I did not have the poor fellow stuffed. I kept his tail feathers as a sort of lock of hair, but I don't like the idea of stufting dead pets-besides, as another little correspondent says about a pet rabbit that she had stuffed, " it doesn't look at all like ! " I am afraid that A. M. T. L.'s bird is suffer- ing from inflamed lungs. Perhaps he is hung in a draught, or too high in a room where there is gas. A little very dry sponge
cake or a lady's finger soaked in sherry is the only thing I know that is likelyto be of use, and the bird should be covered at night. I must congratulate Lily of the Valley on the con- tents of her cat's cradle-a white kitten with black eyebrows. I can quite understand Hummingbird's cat travelling to Ireland and back quite contentedly; the old story about cats being attached to the house and not the people, arises from the fact that people seldom try to attach a cat to them. When I last moved I brought two, and neither of them strayed-in fact, they would scarcely move out of our sight. One of them, I must tell Isabel and Harry, sits up and begs like their cat-" Romulus's mother "-I suppose they call her Rear Sylvia from her habit of rearing up. I think I should be a little shy of R. H. Whall's pet-a tame pike. I should be afraid of his taking my hand as well as the worm. I can't help thinking Tweedledum mistook for death that very common trick of the anemones-a fit of the sulks. I certainly never knew of a crab killing an anemone, though I have known the reverse to take place. Trottie will find the rules in the back numbers. I do not know the writer she speaks of. I shall be much obliged to Topsy Clumps for the Cheddar pinks, when the time comes. I brought some away when I was last there, but lost them in moving. I am much obliged to Tommy Bogey for the sketch of the Indian Temple, which was the scene of his " adventure." By the way, I have had an adventure since last month. When I was coming back from France, it was very rough indeed, and as I was standing with both my hands in my tail-coat-pockets feel- ing for the third dry handkerchief to wipe my face with, a sea struck the boat, and as I hadn't an arm to put out to save myself, I fell on my face on the brass edge of the bulwarks, and cut my nose and forehead. Being numbed with the blow, although I could see the blood, I did not know whether I had cut myself, so I asked a bystander who was hanging on to a post like grim death. He enlightened me, and then looking very solemnly at me, said "What a sad calamity !" The expression was so funny that I burst out laughing, which I fear offended him. It was not quite such a good joke as it might have been though, for I got a couple of scars and a pair of black eyes that lasted me over a fortnight. The moral of this adventure is, that if you're not provided with a pair of sea- legs, it's best to hang-on in rough weather. Zita's guess is right. She will learn what she wants to know at the end of the paper. I am much obliged to Toby, but I have several minnows in my aquarium. Lilitun ,
Lancifolium Rubrum-I wish pilgrims would not select such long names, they must be very heavy to carry on the road !-is wrong in her conjecture. I don't see how the sketch- ing scheme she proposes could be made practicable. E. Hutton wants to know if she may consult a dictionary-of course, or any other book of reference. It would be an unhealthy pastime that shuts books out. Search them by all means, for in looking for what you want you can hardly fail to pick up some unexpected bits of knowledge on other things. Mary Power Jackson, who wants to put my birthday down in her book, is informed it is the i9th of January. She also asks me if I ever heard of Mount Edgecumbe-I know both it and Kingsand Bay, well. I shall be much obliged to "Sunshine," who I hope will try to be true to her name, though it must be lonely with both papa and mamma away. But how delightful it will be when they come back again ! I must thank Adonis _Estivalis for her letter in verse, which is very good; and so are Madge's lines on Puzzledom. I must decline J. W.'s offer with thanks. It seems I am in disgrace again with Jumping Jehoso- phat for finding fault with his writing, but I can bear it, for I see that there is a marked im- provement in his hand. I am sorry the names of the Three Witches were omitted last month, but I hope in consideration' of the number of letters that have to be gone through such slips will meet with forgiveness, as well as an occasional printer's error- especially if they are as funny as the one which turned "sandpiper" into "sandpaper" -a very comical bird ! I have been obliged for convenience to Anglicise a Greek name assumed by one of my young friends, and to omit altogether two who sign in German writing which I cannot. decipher. The address Lallie wants is "The East London Children's Hospital, near Radcliff Cross, London, E." I hope next month to announce the other prizes. Finally, I must remind Flora that although she has sent her address for the return of the birthday-books, she has not signed her surname. If she will drop me a line to my private address, Gloucester Cottage, Peckham Rye, London, S.E., the long-delayed books shall be forwarded at once. But I must ask my little friends not to send their answers to that address or to No. So, Fleet Street (as some have done, creating some confusion of late) but invariably to " The Director of Puzzledom, " Goo THINGS Office, " 12, Paternoster Row, "London, E. C."