PUZZLE PAG'ES. 541.-AN ANONYMOUS AUTOBIOGRAPHy.
STOU must allow me to introduce myself to you as the child of the union of Siiica and Alkali; when you become more conversant with me I expect you to name me. My origin is fancifully ascribed by Pliny to the following little incident, which I shall have the honour of narrating:- A merchant vessel, laden with natron, which, I should tell you, is the name of the native sesquicarbonate of soda of Egypt, set sail from the west of the Delta with its cargo. But it met with severe storms and adverse winds, and was at last driven upon the coast close by the mouth of the river Belus, which rises at the foot of Mount Carmel. The un- fortunate crew, exhausted and worn with the dangers and privations they had gone through, lit a hasty fire on the shore, and after warming themselves proceeded to cook what few pro- visions they had reserved. They propped up their extempore cooking-pot over the fuel they had collected by means of some of the lumps of natron that had been washed ashore. In the morning light they were surprised to dis- cover me among the cinders. And from this period the sand of this small Galilean stream formed a profitable export as a valuable com- ponent in my manufacture. The early Phoeni- cians were acquainted with me, and for a long time jealously kept me to themselves. At Alex- andria and Sidon I acquired the brilliant orna- ment and exquisite hues which render me so charming. The Romans became gradually cognisant of me, and I received a most warm welcome from them; and even to this day my relies have been exhumed at Herculaneum. The early Crusaders, having acquired a know. ledge of me, carried me back with them to the rest of the civilised world, and in the thirteenth
century I was established in Venice speedily exhibited me in such perfecti my charming qualities attracted the a of all nations, but the Venetians, aware of the imnportance of this br their commerce, rigorously kept my pr secret. About the middle of the seventeenth Colbert naturalised me in Francs in of one of its favourite luxuries, which decree declared, so little derogatory manufacture to the dignity of "an ari that only a nobleman should be my In a more utilitarian form'I was establ England in 1557, and in 1673 the Buckingham still further extended me, present time many countries contest palm of sheltering me, among the cu throng Bohemia taking a high place. been reserved to the reign of her pre: jesty, however, to crown my triumphs, raise me pre-eminently to a high rank the powers that be. If I were to enter into a minute a of all my applications and uses yeo hardly fail to recognise me at once, for bdtn made use of in every manufacture under the sun, in one form or anothe hues mock the rainbow in brilliance and of hue, while my flexible nature adapts each requisite. One of my character' that I am ingenuous candour itself, for little power to hide a secret. Fin greatest drawback is the fragility of my tution, for I am particularly liable to the ills that " mortal flesh is heir to, now if you cannot see through me, yeo deserve to benefit by the light I throw each day.
542.-CHARADE.
My first is clad in its fairest dress Of the brightest emerald green, Where Nature's broidering flowers and buds Show where her hand has been. The amethyst mallow, the daisy pearl, The speedwell's turquoise blue; While the kingeup's gold twines everyvhere O'er the velvet greensward's hue. And a girl, my second, wanders there, Fit mate for blossom and bird, So fair is her cheek when the wand'ring breeze Her golden curls has stirred.
My second she is in figure and face, My second in heart and mind, As another perceives with loving eyes, As well as the wandering wind. He steals.to her side, and he takes her And breathes low words in her ear So pleasant, a rose-leaf mounts in her As she pauses those words to hear. And he crowns her hair with a bridal Of my whole's soft creamy hue. Who merits the title? the mnaid or thel I can't decide can you?
,-BIOGRAPHICA ENIGMA. bhymember of the Society of Friends, aed an important state in Nbrth I slebrated Italian poet, who was said to crowned by Charles V. 1 kiss philosopher, who was the origi- that science which studies "the human ost celebrated German composer, the f many masses and requiems, as well j and tragic operas. enowned family of prihters, flourishing and Amsterdam, who left their name *sr form of type. o great Dutch painter who recognised Sos deep shadows. atirist, who.wrote bitterly on all things, ost generally known for his romance on d little people. e Italian poet who received a crown of his death-bed, and exclaimed, " It is i English dramatic author, who wrote lays, successful in their day, -but who r. e prince of philosophers, who also d the crowning virtues of patience and per ! itals of all thesoenames will give you of the most popular statesman England' possessed. -DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. Sa time-meter, as.well as. an ancient It woven in silken hose,; behead me come your safeguard, though I often a nriver. ow from a seed, though am sometimes dof gold; behead me, and you will have y for drought, though when I am in my s humour I am addicted to pyrotechny. im an instrument for flagellation, as well ionus sweet dish; behead me and Iform rtant portion of your frame as well as Brry. am the dew of sorrow when described tically as a noun; in my verbal form I synonym for rending; behead me and I- an important organ of one of your though if you set me in the ground I to blades and shoots. open the proceedings of the course on the' ay and at Ascot, though I am so nervous Salarms me; behead me and you ex- a sharp, acid flavour, though I am a vurite form of pastry. an the firmest foundation you can desire on, aend I am also composed of wheat
or grain when in powder; behead me and you will behold the circular shape and an esteemed piece of boiled beef 1 545.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The tiny fly whose life is one day's span, A proper name for many a Russian man, The sweetest flower that decks the garden bed, The hour at which the sun-is overhead; An ancient British tribe, rebels to Rome, The art that guides all vessels o'er the foam, A drum that dinner laggards summons home. Choose you the head and front of my offending, And next descry the purport of its ending, My first will show the opening flush of day, The last exhibit its concluding ray I 546.-QUEER QUERIES FOR THE QUIZZICAL. I. What is that which grows on a tree and has veins and pores but no blood, which breathes though it has no lungs, and which may be a sleleton though it never had any bones ? II. What.is that which has got a seam that was never sewn by a needle, a shaft that was never fitted to a bow, a bed that is never slept in, and a spirit that cannot be drunk ? III. What is it that has a chest though it never breathes, a back and sides that never ache or grow tired, and that may be a nest, although it is neither bird, beast, nor fish ? Iv. What is that which will shoot without gun or bow, possesses viscous substances that never adhered, 'that will grow without leaf, stalk, or fruit; that has a root which has never been planted in any soil, and an eye that has never been unclosed ? ANSWERS TO CIHAADES, &e. (Pages 238, 239, and 240.) 526. Tea-pot. 527. Manilla. 528. Sumatra. 529. Learning to box the compass. 530. GREAT ]rITAIN. Gloucester-Reading -Epsom-Anglesey- Tewkesbury-Birming- ham-Rochester-Isle of Wight-Tenterden+- Aberdeen-Ipswich-Newcastlc. 531. Sword-knot. 532. Early to bed, and early to rise, Makes a man healthy, and wealthy, and wise. To be read- Ear-ly to be-d, an-d ear-ly to rise, M-akes a man heal-thy, and weal-th-y, and wi-se.
547.- MISTRESS MARY'S CONTRA- DICTIONS. Mistress Mary, Whose tastes don't much vary, Now sends you a few of her latest convictions, And trusts you have guessed With ease all the rest, And that you will approve of her new contra- 'dictions I I. I've a head and a point, an edge and a root; I grow and am cut, though no grain, flower, or fruit; I am short, I am long, thick, broad, flat and thin; I don't keep a coach, though I'm oft driven in. Made of iron or silver, gold, horn, brass or steel; Oft residing in woods, much addicted to Deal!
I'm most cruelly treated, and hardly For wherever I go I am hit on the head, And one thing let me whisper in pj you, I form the chief means of assault of a II. In the sea you often find me, In a coat-of-arms may view, In a court of justice mark me, On a door or window too. Object of some men's ambition, Mark for others' bitter jeer; Oft the felon's dream of terror, And the storm-tossed vessel's to Haunt of tavern-loving spirits, Place where M.P.'s often stand Mighty is my power of influence Throughout all our English Is
548.--PICTORIAL PUZZLE. , ,u . Wi-Ae- t -. a- _ _.... . ...r;2 j/ 1 . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ " ,, ".. 'i -7 - ' -_:.' -.:-"¢-'."--5-Z ,, ; ''I W'hyis this picture like an American-" Free-fight ?"
549.--ENIGMA. I am a word of three letters, the third person plural present tense of a verb. One letter added to me denudes me of covering. Another bids mo assumo an anxious mood. Another renders me valiant to foolhardiness. Another makes me into the food provided for you. Another changes me into a pretty leporine animal. Another turns me into a horse of the female gender. Another desires me to peel off the skin of. your fruit and vegetables. Another converts me into what is scarce, and consequently precious. Another turns me into a noxious weed in- festing many wheat-fields. Another makes me into merchandise of
various descriptions. ile, finally, the tion of two letters to me will make ye your eyes with amazement ! TRANSPOSITIONS. 550. SOYTIRM.-A- Scythian quee defeated Cyrus, and, after decapitate addressed his head (which she had into a vessel filled with human blood) following words--" Satia to eantol sitistis." 551. MAARSESIMI.-An Assyrian q a bol) and enterprising spirit. Shei the city of Babylon in a romarkable and girdled it with' a mighty wall. 552. YARXACSE. - A OMedian valiant warrior, and groat conqueror, with the 0King of Babylon he cO Phonice, Syria, and Samaria, and d Nineveh.