PUZZLE PAGES. 52.--HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
A LARGE island which was once a powerful state. One of its kings was engaged in one of the most celebrated contests of antiquity, and on a mountain in the island its inhabitants used to boast that Jupiter was educated. They were such skilful archers and slingers that frequently they were engaged in the armies of other nations. This large and fertile island pro- duces excellent fruits and wine, and is recorded to, have contained above a hundred cities; of these many curious vestiges still remain. It is 160 miles long. The initials of the following give the name. 1. A king who acknowledged that "the titles corded in the book of the prophet Daniel, and of lord and master belong only to Him whom who began his reign s.c.604. earth and seas are ready to obey." 4. The second King of Macedon after the 2. A good and great English monarch before death of Alexander the Great. the Conquest, in whose will was this remarkable 5. A King of the Vandals, grandson of Gen- expression:--" It is just the English should for seric. ever remain as free as their own thoughts." 6. A King of the Huns, whose devastations 3. The father of that King of Babylon of procured for him the title of " The Scourge of whose history such interesting events are re- God." 53.-TRANSPOSITIONS. NNHOA.-A Carthaginian who sailed round Africa with a considerable fleet by command of the Senate, and wrote an account of his voyage. SCCYLPO.-Enormous giants, which, according to the ancient poets, first inhabited the fertile island of Sicily. CHARADES. 54. O'ercome with fatigue, after walking a league, " Observe yon fine vessel come out of the bay; He thought he would have a short rest. See ! from her cutwater she dashes the spray, So he sat himself down on the top of a mound With stun-sails aloft she proceeds on her way; That happened just then to be near; But why did she sail on a Friday ?" When beneath and around a most curious On dashed the ship with a favouring gale; sound All hands were employed increasing the sail; Struck his first-and he heard it with fear. " We shall soon reach my first," said the mate, The place he was sitting on crumbled and fell; " without fail, Alas I 'twas my second of bees; Although we have sailed on a Friday." O'er hill and o'er dell there arose such a yell, But Bill, an old salt up aloft, shook his head; Far and wide it was borne by the breeze. " My lads, he may say so, but don't be misled; For a moment or two he scarce knew what to do, She'll come to my second before that," he said, Then he suddenly made up his mind; " Because she has sailed on a Friday." Like an arrow he flew, but the bees still pursue; A week had just pascd, all was going on well, He could feel they still followed behind. When without any warning, most woeful to tell, It was what a sailor would term a "stern She struck on a rock, with a crash the masts fell, chas what a sailor would term a stern A sshe was wrecked on a Friday. chase;" And thus she was wrecked on a Friday. Every sting was as sharp as a knife; With her side all laid open, the ship gave a roll, You'd have thought by his pace he was And the wild waters, rushed through the wide- running a race, gaping hole; In my whole-so he was-for his life. Alas I it came true, as old Bill did my whole, We know the effect of a spur on a steed: She sank-and she sailed on a Friday. Of a sting much the same may be said; 55. Soon he reached his inn door, then he fell An elderly gentleman, taking a stroll, on the floor, With the heat of the day was oppress'd; And, half-fainting, was carried to bed.
* 56.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. The name of an ancient tribunal, famed for the impartiality and justice of its decrees, to which the gods themselves are said to have submitted their quarrels. The second.and third letters of each of the following, except the last (from which take only the second letter), give the name. 1. The name given to the poets among the 3. The chief city of ancient Phrygia. ancient Gauls and Britons, who were not only 4. A town of Mexico. Its name means "Hot poets, but biographers, genealogists, and his- Springs." torians of those countries and ages. 5. A celebrated antiquary and natural philo- 2. A Spanish division, also the name of a sopher. He founded a museum at Oxford, and Spanish island and an American town. lived in the seventeenth century. MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 57.-Ernest and Herbert have each a certain increasing by £50 for each acre. How much number of pence allowed them weekly for less did he offer than the seller wanted ? pocket-money, such that the squares of the 60.-If two boys on opposite sides of a river, numbers, together with their product, are pulling a boat along by means of a cord with exactly equal to 13 times the sum, and amount equal forces, send it onward with a momentum to 208. 'What are their pocket-moneys ? equal to one of their forces, at what angle are 58.-Prove that in any number consisting of their cords inclined to each other ? 2 digits, if the second digit be double of the 61.--f a cannon-ball could be discharged first, the number divided by the sum of the vertically upwards with an initial velocity of digits is equal to .4; but if the digits be in- 10,000 feet per second, to what height would it verted the number so given divided by the sum ascend, on the parabolic theory of projectiles ? of the digits is equal to 7. 62.-Two boys, B, C, weighing 701b. each, 59.-The seller of a piece of land of 12 acres cling to the ends of a uniform beam, 10 feet asked 1 farthing for the 1st acre, 4 for the 2nd, long and of 101b. weight, which is suspended 16 for the 3rd, and so on. The buyer would from a hook, A, by 2 cords, AB, AC, 15 and 10 not give so much, but offered £100 for the 1st, feet long respectively. Find the amount of £150 for the 2nd, £200 for the 3rd, and so on, tension on each cord. ANswERs TO' CHARADES, &C. (Pages 366, 367, ald 368.) 23. Cranmer-Didins-Constantine-Raleigh Maurice's hands; then B A drawn perpendicular -Julius Cnsar-Addison. MUTrus. from the bag to J M = 6 inches, and J B = 10; 24. Way-ward-Wayward. 4 A 25. Van-guard-Vanguard. 26. Disc-on-so-late-Disconsolate. 27. Strata-gem-Stratagem. 28. Swan and head-gear-Swan and Edgar. B. 29. Surenas, general of Orodes, IKing of B M = 11'662. Since J AB, B AM, are right angles, Parthia. .-. (Euc. i 47) J A = / 102 - 62 = 8; andMA= rs l1O622'V c= 10. 30. 107y1 lbs. very nearly. Now, J.'s burden: M.'s burden, 31. 522,962 persons. :: sin. A B M: sin. A B J 32. 10,289,965 females; 9,776,259 males. A M A J 10 8 33. Let x and y be their ages. : B M' B J' 11.662 : 10 Then 7 x =10 y J.'s burden 10 10 25 ay or ML's ditto -- 11-- 6 8 -- 23"324 an 2: y2::. J. carries 251bs., and 1. 23'3241bs. 7(4 ( +) = 10 y F.J.L. 28 y +-14 = 30 y 37. Waller-Singapore-Durham (from the .". y = 7 and x = 10. Anglo-Saxon words deor, " a wild animal," and 34. If x = Maurice's number, x + 10 = Johnny's, ham, "abode"). WALSINGHAna (Sir Francis, and (z + 10) + 10 = 2 (x - 10), by question; minister of Queen Elizabeth). . x = 40, and x + 10 = 50. 38. quiet tongue shows a wise head. To 35. Mean between 1 farthing and s. 4d. = 2 ad ui nge shows head. Therefore the stamps were worth £1 12s. 2d, and be read-A quiet-Tongue shows A-Y's head. he gave £1 7s. 2d. too much. 39. Fabricius-Agincourt--Charles I.-Yes- 36. Let J and M be the position of Johnny's and pasian. BIAs.
63.-PICTORIAL CHARADE.... Oh, save me from a woman's tongue, Expands themind and fosters trade. When with my first its harp is strung, My third to beauty lends a grace, Yet which, encircling round about, . And dignity to'mincing pace ;, Keeps all things.in and all things out. My whole combined, with regal pride, My second leads from pole to. pole, Doth, ruthless, class from class divide, Where mountains rise or waters roll; Then scatters them north, south, or west, My frst and second-where'er laid * Or east, as each conceives it best. 64.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. 65.--PICTORIAL CHARADE. My first is a revolver, though Secret home of cunning fox. Others with it roundly go, My second makes the spirits flow Circles making one by one, : Through its lengthy windings slow; Ending where they first begun; Like a serpent twisting round Ever turning, never changing, Circled cylinders 'tis found; Steadiest when widest ranging; Creeping up at eventides Recipient of mighty shocks, My-whole in silence slowly glides.