PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
DEAR PILGRIMS, When I had the sad task last month of conveying to you all the last message of your dear friend, Mr. Tom Hood, I had no thought that I should be called upon to take up the. staff which has led you on hitherto through the pleasant mazes of Puzzledom. But I am very glad it has fallen to my lot to do so, as I hope to carry out faithfully, to the best of my ability, the path pursued by your honoured leader, and I have also always felt the most vivid interest in all the members of his favourite band of young folks. I do not wish to replace him in your memories,-for no one could do so ; but I hope you will give me a little of your friendship, at first, for his dear sake,-and latterly I trust, when we are better acquainted, to win a little more for my own. There is another reason, too, that should make our companionship on the way pleasant to both,-and that is, that I shall be able, sometimes perhaps, to tell you little recollections of him, as they arise to my mind, that will make you feel as if all remembrance of him had not passed away, and that some faint traces of his loving fellowship still lingered in the haunts he loved so well. So after thus introducing myself to you, we Will consider we have shaken hands all round very heartily, and have exchanged kindly wishes for many happy New Years, especially the one we are to begin together. Let me once more for the sake of New Pilgrims repeat the Rules laid down by Mr. Tom Hood for you all, I. To write on one side of the paper, signing your name to each separate sheet. 2. To send in the essays in prose and verse each on separate sheets properly signed. The puzzle answers to be all together if possible on one. 3. To write the answers in the same order as the puzzles, putting A. B. C, &c. before each to correspond with the puzzles, 4. To send the answers so that they reach the office (34, Paternoster Row) not later than the 16th of each month, because as I am living in France it will be impossible to insert your solutions, unless I get them in time. This month, from the changes rendered necessary by recent events, I have had no letters to answer, so I will just say now, I shall be very glad to answer any questions I can on the favourite subjects of pets and flowers, and that your letters will always give me a great deal of pleasure.
S. HE month of January is very aptly named after the Rbman deity Janus, who was supposed to be the heathen god of gates, for the season is like *a bare, broad; cold doorstep, over which we cross into the better pro- mise of the coming year. As he was always invoked at the commence- ment of any undertaking, and was represented as bearing a key in his hand, his is one of the most appro- priate months in which to begin our fresh series of searches into that mystifying' country, where we a. have to pick the locks like so many thieves, and hunt for the keys in the most out-of-the-way corners. Among other pleasant days he has in store for you before we meet again, he will no doubt have intro- duced you to some pleasant Twelfth Day parties, where the gay cake and characters add such merriment to the evening. When I was young, we were expected to sustain the characters we had drawn with some spirit, on penalty of a forfeit. Your friend, Mr. Tom Hood, then a merry bright-eyed boy, only just promoted to the dignity of "jackets," used generally to carry off the honours of the evening, by his apt quotations and ready speeches. I will commence our course by giving you- (A.)
A PICTORIAL ACROSTIC CHARADE.
Now as it is a great deal too cold to be digging for buried treasures in the frozen ground, we will try another game, which our leader suggested to us last year, only in another form. For the benefit of those who did not see it then, and do not know it, I will briefly say it is called " Hot Boiled Beans." I need hardly remind you that one player goes out of the room, while the rest, during his or her absence, carefully conceal some article previously agreed on. The absent searcher is then called into the room by the summons: " Hot boiled beans and very good butter, Will you please to come to supper? " As he comes nearer, or goes further off from the article hidden, the others cry out " warm " or " cold" as the case may be. Now during my hasty visit to Puzzledom the. other day, when I went to arrange for my future frequent journeys there, I found the young Puzzledomites playing at something of the same kind. But as their version of it differed a little from ours,. and they called it by a differentname, styling it "Mother Magpie's Mischievous Muddles," I thought I would learn it on the spot for' your benefit, which I did. Now, as you know, the Puzzledom people never do anything like other folks,-so in this case it is the hiding-places which must be found, and not the article itself, which is beginning, as one may say, at the other end of the game. To make matters a little clearer, we will say, for instance, here is a key, now we want to find a hiding- place for it. Well you must search in each of the following six sets of sentences, for six different articles of furniture in which, or under, which a key might be hidden. I have numbered each section that you may not confuse the several hiding-places. So now let us cry out : " Puzzledom, beans, and very good butter, Will you please to come to supper ! " (B.) MOTHER MAGPIE'S MISCHIEVOUS MUDDLES. I. It is not quite so easy to find a thing that is well hidden, though people are apt to think so. Far from it, for where a room is full of furniture, even very sharp eyes do not always detect the missing article. ii. Some little folks, however, are more clever than others, and become quite expert ; able as they are to see afar off, they spy the secret hiding-place more quickly than others would. nIr. Meanwhile, I am afraid the older folks are not so fond of these juvenile rummages; because there is generally too much noise in moving about, and too much air in shaking the curtains. Iv. Grandmamma generally declares next day, that she has to send for the carpenter and his tools, to repair the children's mischief and upsetting. v. The housemaid too has her grievance, for she asserts it took her nearly an hour to rub out that ugly scratch, that will always leave a scar. Petty mishaps like these will often arise at Christmas time. vI. By-and-by, when the young folk grow up, and leave their I houses for the rugged path of life, they will be steadier, and even i grandmamma would not then consider them too frolicsome. There, young folks, a search like that ought to warm you nicely i during this cold winterly weather.