Puzzle Tournament.
All contributions must be original, written on one ridt tf the jyaper only, and accompanied by ihe ■•orrcet solutions, and the name aud address ofthe vrmpetitor. CHARADES. XUII. Sometimes I'm white, now blue, Or yellow, or pink will do. If you behead und onrtail me, An animal you will see. Curtail me twice, then look at me, An indtliuite article I shall Ьоч, F. L. DONC ASTER. XLIV. I am a word of letters few. My colour black as auy flue, Though Botnetimea I'm red, and sometimes white. There's been many a strike to bring me to light. I'm found iu the cot, tue palace, and hill, I'm used by the people of England all. Without me the founders would be at a loss To get the iron from out the droaa. So now, puzzlers all, please fiud me out, If you search carofully you wiU do so no doubt. William Wickuam. ENIGMAS. XLV. My whole ie an Euglish town ; My second is own» d by each of My first, who Uve in my Second and third and in my whole George Κπικπαμ. XLVI. I'm found in the noble river, Iu tht· midst, of tbo deep, deep sea, In field and in every meadow, From Bath to Bonnie Lundee. Edgar Coomrs. DIAMOND PUZZLE. XLVII. FOUNDATION WORDS. The centrals read across aud down, Will паше two poets of great renown,
CROSS WORDS. With birch and bfcch my first abounds ; A kind of spirit thus txpour.de, Which has much mischief done. When you my thir 1 have pkoed aright, A famous poet ' с will bring to light, Who's praised by everyone. A useful thing my fourth will view ; 'Ti* black, and rei), and also blue ; To all it ia known woll. My laît is owned by east and west. But by the norih I'm not possess.d, Ye; with tho south I dwell. Will Clarke. ENIGMA. XLVIII. Wh prever you meet my first You're sure to See my second, And yet in defence of his country, My first my whole is reckone 1. WILLIAM II. BUR1118. CHARADE. XLIX. Curtail me four timos, aad I believe You will find an article of dress. Behead my whole twice, then you'll perceive What I gave fur my drsfc with quickness. Behead again, you'll see an article of food Which many people tbink very good. Behead aga η, when it сош a·» all boya love it, But I think that I am sa· est off it. I hope that you'll succeed in finding me, Though that I'm a curious whim you'll see. F. L. DON CASTER.