PUZZLE PAGES. HISTORICAL ENIGMAS. 12.
A VERY celebrated naval commander, whose abilities were great, and whose name stilllive, the grateful recollections of his countrymen. He it was who, on the eve of an enggageme with the enemy, uttered these expressive words : " England expects every man to do his duty," The name of this most noted man Six letters does contain. Six names I give you: find them all: The finals prove the name.
1. A Roman emperor, remarkable for his ac- complishments of mind and body. One day meeting a person who had formerly been his bitter enemy, he thus addressed him: "My good friend, you have escaped, for I am made emperor." 2. A king of England, the first of his line and the first of his name. His abilities, though not shining, were solid; and he was heard to say, soon after his accession, " My maxims are, never to abandon my friends, to do justice to all the world, and to fear no man." 3. An extraordinary man, who, when very young, was obliged by his father' to take an oath that he would be at eternal enmity tvith a great and powerful people, and never cease from
opposing their power until he or they should i no more. 4. A Roman emperor, who, one night, rad lecting that he had done nothing beneficialo mankind during the day, cried out, "Ihavel i a day l" 5. A celebrated man who was the invetent enemy of Carthage; for, on whatever subjedh debated in the senate-house, he never failed conclude with these words: "I am alsoof opini that Carthage should be destroyed." 6. A very celebrated architect. In greatest architectural work he is buried, on his tomb, in Latin, is this inscripfio "If thou seekest for a monument lcokero- thee."
13. 1
My first and second are the name of an Eng- lish monarch, the third of his name, whose character was nothing but a complication of vices. He waded through the blood of his nearest relations to the throne; was cruel, mean, detested, and detestable. His usurped throne was, however, soon snatched from him by a formidable competitor; and this sovereign: being killed on the field of battle, his rival was proclaimed king.
My third is the last syllable of an Engl poet and moralist who lived in Queen Ane reign. My whole is the name of a novelist who,' his day, was considered one of the first r His talents were not known until lete in l for he was above fifty when he published first novel. This celebrated man died in si year 1761.
14.
The queen of an English monarch noted as being the handsomest man of his time, D' was bloody and cruel, greatly addicted to pleasure, and whose reign was short and tTr'an Her mother married, first, a duke, and, after his death, a private gentleman. This guels daughter of the latter. She was a widow at the time she was fortunate enough to attrct attention of the king, her first husband having been mortally wounded in battle. The firsti view between the lovely young widow and the monarch took place in a forest, where, W teg Lim as he returned from hunting, she threw herself at his feet, and intreated him to restore children's inheritance, of which they had unjustly been deprived. She gained her suit, and, it, the heart of her sovereign, who first married her privately, and afterwards publiclY a ledged her as his wife. This queen survived her royal husband, and lived until the rei sovereign who married her eldest daughter; by him she was confined in a convent ,ber8 died. The maiden name of this queen contains 18 letters.
The 2, 15, 17, 16, 7, make a French town. The 9, 5, 16, 17, 7, a German town. The 5, 6, 11, a Russian town.
The 13, 1, 17, 9, 3, an Indian towl The 14, 5, 16, 2, 5, 13, 11, 17, 3, 13, Spanish town.
lf.-NAGRA~cITIO SQUARE. y first is a characteristio of Satan ; take off head, and place it last, and I am wicked; e of my head again, and place it last, and I e a tributary of the river Don, in Russia; in take off my head and place it last, apd I a man's Christian name. Place each of e separately under each other; and I form a e containing 16 letters, which may be read wards or across with the same result. 16.-READING PUZZLE. SPBETHT CONCEIT OF THE SEVENTEENTH CENTURY.
That by o ho ad by one whose
doth
Sas " No."
I fear 2 wed ward - lest Find slight regard
j
17.-.CHARADE. not in heaven, but earth me owns; oe not our queens, yet am found in their thrones; t not for gold, yet the ruby shall shine lendent for ever with poor aid like mine. -ty through me no end shall behold, ages, though countless, remain as untold. 18.-ENIGMA. e, Sophocles, be seated on your throne,' you will then my nearer influence own. n times primeval, e'en in Adam's days, force attracted Sol's most potent rays ; e't not for me, the dew, the snow, the hail, d not descend within the mundane pale higs terrestrial. This power of mine its the lead to sink a sounding line ; In the sea's replete with dead men's bones, many jewels lost the ocean owns.
God hung the stars in the firmament on high, But I now hold them glittering in the sky. The sun, the moon, celestial powers combined, Shine by my power. The wandering comets kind By my near influence in their orbits keep; And suns descending bid the worlds to sleep. ABrolites and shooting stars, too, own My power to bring them to this orb alone. I wield the instrument of death in Fratice, I help the graceful maiden polkas dance. The body sinks by me within the tomb, But noble souls in Paradise shall bloom; These souls alone resist my-powerful sway, And soar aloft to realms of endless day. 19.-MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 1. How many marbles worth a shilling for 150 should be given in exchange for 7 cricket- balls which are worth 41. 6s. per dozen ? 2. A gentleman wishes to inclose a circular playing-field of just one acre for his boys. What should be the length of the cord, one end of which is fixed, with which to describe the circle ? 3. During the holidays a donkey is tethered to a stake in the centre of the field by a rope 191 yards long; how much of the playground will he be able to graze over ? 4. The ages of two brothers are, together, 17 years; and their difference, multiplied by the greater, is one more than their sum multiplied by three times the less." What are their ages ? 5. The diagonal of a rectangular playground is 50 yards, and one of the sides is 10 yards longer than the adjoining one. Find the size of the playground. 6. At a juvenile party there were twice as many ladies as gentlemen; but after five of the latter had left, together with their sisters (one apiece), there were three times as many ladies as gentlemen. How many were there of each at first ? 7. A bullet is discharged from a small cannon with an initial velocity of 100 feet per second. at an elevation of 45 deg. Find the distance to which, on the parabolic theory, it will proceed, the time of flight, and greatest height attained. ANSWERS TO CHARADs, &c. (Pages 91 and 92.) 1, A drowning man will catch at A straw. To be read-A drowning M-AN will catch A-T a straw. 2. Co-nun-drum-Cgnundrum. 3. Cord-doe-van-Cordovan. 4. Drum-head-Drumhead. 5. Grave-yard-Graveyard.
20--PITORI ZAL CHARADE2 My first old Timothy loves totap, , I figureiiniay:a dudiity dish, And pts his .paunch as he .drains the: sap, Fromgarden or bakcer, with meat or fish, The got'~idtd the ram enjdy eainegme,'" : thiil'is devoted to"'sobersides,"' Andttlie m kaiths itts its with>ttaady 'aim And drl'kards delight in my flowing tide My first and.secondrall children love . My whole on the meadows or shaven lawn, With the staff below and me above. Like goldenishowers, their face adorn. 21..-t JSfRA'ED. LPROVERB.
i! '·· · ~~~ ·, t *~i~l r 1 ~ ,, '''i' ····~L:· .3 ''I' s6 .·, P ,I~b· a ._csa~, -~ .cr · i 9'·' J lt·2 ·- .22. D~OTOEUBL `C~j~til~'L·
* y first is ,weakest-strongegt- W h . " n '"mber p risoned firn Then the weakest once ainu; lPerfume natire s tribute paid. Dying soonest, living longest, 'be± third its tigh-lie arms upreia laised ith care tend anýi ' :ins loes'nmingem downg ' Mly second wfitd with pl t allimythree appearnn g When the luscious pie is mad ; * Name an English country twn' 12 Jt '70