gs ence of the mass of other aer mater in the r;esent numbcr of the M aga.z l ute we are oblzged to jrint the Puzzles in the Suzflaement.
I'm white, black, or blue, I'm red, grey, or green; I'm intended to hide What is meant to be seen. So supple sometimes That I meet at each end, At others so stubborn I'd break ere I bend. Inflexible like you, Proud mortals, am I; Till by the tongue softened I'm brought to comply. Of prodigal traders A very apt token, I only exist to be Ruined and broken. 2. Word Squares. nBelgium a fortified town; o experience now write down; kpirate or buccaneer this is second; uything that happens this is reckoned; ast, to you large plants will disclose, ut remember, you will have to trans- pose. 3. Disposition, this brings to view; . Israelitish king who's known to you; This gives a poet of great fame; nd this, food to you will name. 4. Apoet-aye ! a poet of great fame; An Eastern tree-surely ! you've seen the name ; This sweet look you'll please transpose ; circumstance this will disclose; Perhaps these will bring to view in animal though, if transposed by you.
5. Arithmorem. 150 and yeaskirbr. iooo and ue. 50 and ne cure. iooo and chapie. I and beg rest. 50 and epenoat. I152 and superb. I and undone. 50 and streu. I and T. P. R. Yes, search. My initials read downwards, and my finals upwards, give the names of a famous Roman and a mythological character. 6. Double Acrostic. " And loosed the shattered casque, and chased his hands, And called him by his name, complain- ing." "Lashed at the Wizard as he spake the word, And all at once around him rose in fire." r. "He for God only." 2. "Would, thought he, as the picture grows, I on its stalk had left the rose." 3. He spake to the noble river That flows by the Towers of Rome. 4. " With drooping bellsof clearestblue Thou didst attract my childish view. 5. "Switzerland's hero, now no more, Once lived upon thy peaceful shore. 6. " It stands as tho' it fain would fall, That dark deserted mill."
7. Cryptograph. Vkooen ! zvb mgbr eob fgicla veou zu zvb fcladbx xcl, Gm mcmb, elx rzbbx, elx zokfn, elx xokf, elx ogeocla hkdibocl Zvb mcbot Xkvb cr nochucla merz ehogrr reclz elxob'r nbecl. Sczv edd zvb vcobdcla hvciedot gm Akbdxbor elx Edfetlb. Lgs wt zvb dcnr gm zugrb tgk dgib meco ablzdbfbl gm moelhb Hveoab mco zvb agdxbl dcdcbr-kngl zvbf sckv zvbf. 8. 2150 and Poet Bee, an English town. 652 and when f, do. 15o and 0 Key, do. ioo and Erro, do. 51 and fin, do. 1550 and Aeu, do. 202 and hkt, do. 651 and effar, do. 551 and saane, do. iioi and to, do. 1oo5 and She A A, do. 60o and sup, do. 600 and Ane, do. 551 and eyn, do. 1500 and ruah, do. 550 and enou, do. 1651 and he ane, do. 505 and Nora E, do. o051 and Jor U G, do. 65o and O hear, do. 5 and She tore, do. 1050 and The A, do. The initials form a well known pro- verb. 9- I. Half a basket. 2. A nationality. 3. A lake in Peloponnesus. 4. A kind of dress. 5. A passion. 6. A girl's name. 7. A Vendean leader. 8. A vision of the sky. 9. A clumsy vessel. io. A town in Sicily.
I I. A British possession. 12. A conqueror. 13. A' sod. My initials and finals give res tively an English and a French aut IO. Cryptograph. Eswn cwaih sax imppwx mn ze hgrpp pagwhrxw Gsw urhswi pmmqwx xmen gsimfts hrpfwi grxw Anx gswiw mn gsw hommgs pp ianx xrhlpacwx A hgwpwgmnin eahgwx anx esrgw parx Anx geah hwwn ah gsw eagwih oral xwwl anx hpme Gsag gsw sanx eah hgrpp tiahiat sfngwih zme. II. Charade. Stand, my first, and tell your stony, How you've fought for ladies fair How you've vowed to die for glory; And war's dangers swore to dare When you stood beneath the arches Of the chapels weird and grand, Had you visions of Death's marche Through your sorely troubled lan If you had, then sorrow only c o'erspread your manly heart, And from widows' wails of anguish us hope with pain you'd start.' Is there pity for those mortals Who life's miseries have seen, Who have passed through Hung portals To the climes of "Might havebeen If there be, then hear recitals From my second's powerful pen, Issued to the folk of titles- Issued to the hearts of men- Telling that in mighty cities there people clothed in grief, And the richer should endeavour afford the poor relief. Hark ! the monks a knell are tolling, And the. echoes sad are ringing; List, the trumpet's notes are rolling And my first these words is singing
-the God of the Crusaders, Ishall strive with might and main repel all rude invaders, Though I walk o'er hills of slain. the thoughts of death come o'er me, they will only move my soul heroic deeds in battle-I'm a mem- ber of my whole. I2. Celebrated Men. cein a row, I hardly like to tell it, saved myself; and really I thought well of it. 13. hint by which perusers may claim n·y name- have the power to create a flame. 14. ach a letter. From the lady's neck I swing, A thing gold, of silver; yea, sometimes pinchbeck. Ecclesiastical Parsonages. 15. Half of an account, and a place for e sale of goods. 16. Three quarters of a fraction, and a ear relation. 17. Half of the name of a fruit tree, and light carriage. 18. SHalf of a physician's prescription, ad a high hill. 19. ' An English town with the ruins of a castle. I. Irish borough and town. 3. English county. 4. Scottish town. 5. Irish borough with a strong castle. 6. English seaport and town, and a fort of Tobago. 7. Irish town. 8. Scotch town and county. 9. Irish borough. a0. Irish town. ii. Supports.
The central letters, if read down, Will bring to light an Irish town. 20. Enigma. When first the world received its pre- sent form, Then I arose from chaos and the storm, And since that hour you often me espy, Upon your hand, or even in your eye. At times the sport of saucy boy or girl, At times I shine with diamonds and with pearl. Now I am underneath my lady's toe, Now on a pinnacle like gold I glow; Of yore, upon an instrument when strung, I taught mysterious figures to the young, While the harsh pedagogue my uses taught, And showed with how much meaning I was fraught. Say, is my era over, am I left A sorry pastime, of all sense bereft ? No; for uplifted high in air I'm shown When storms are rising and the forests groan. Well do the ladies love me, though they find I exercise the body, more than mind : I often bring emotions to the breast, I often keep them from their usual rest Till night has fled, and rises up the sun. The scene must change, for I at last am done. 21. 1150 and yhlena, depressed. 2 and and, a country. 500 and ncrc, agreement. I or and narah, a musical instrument. 5 and ear, to affirm. 15 and aaaanztegr, a kind of play. 50 and fa, a kind of food. The initials read downwards, and finals upwards, will give the name of a celebrated philosopher.
22. Cryptograph. Egnga gm ago aglo ums soma; Qmz mzooa zgoe tthmgsm Etm'mo, Am ntagos smgey te teggen hsotma Ago ensatge mu soammo; Masoaeg ago agsoy tglhm tey ttn ago goty Game mgs mze yotgngaugt hoy. 23. Word Squares. Sound.
A man's name. To cultivate. A lady's name. 24. Part of the body. To declare. No one. To let fall. 25. To cease. Again. A tribe. Part of a tree.