PUZZLE PAGES
58.--CHARADE. JY first is in the matron's smile, and in the maiden's eye, Now mantling in a crimson blush, now heard in plaintive sig It hails at once with joyous shout the infant's gladsome birth, And sheds the salt tear on the bier when earth's restored to earth. My second has inspired the rude soldier on his march, Has pleased him more than plaudits loud at the triumphal arch; He with this, second thought has fought on many a bloody field, And won the thing desired by his strength of sword and shield. My third by some folks highly prized, though used with simplest Will at a very trifling:cost make a,young family smart; So satisfying 'tis withal alike to rich and poor, Not even hungry Oliver would ask a little more. My fourth' it is a coupling link-in fact, without compunction, We own at once, 'pon honour bright, 'tis only a conjunction. Myfifth is, sure, the noblest act a conqueror can perform When he' hath won the well'fought fight or ta'en the town by stor My. sixth, O gleesome, winsome one! in tears or smiles still caught To the fond mother's, gentle breast, her first, her lasting .thoughlt My whle it is;aprecept very old andvery, sage, Turned upsidedowa and, made .to-meet the spirit of. this'age.
59 --CHARADE. Thank you, thank you, postman. This small scented whole Is better than a host, man, Of letters to my soul. Let me ope it quickly, SFor I long to see What- dear Ellen Rickly HIs to say to me: "DBarest first !" she calls= me- Oh, you jolly Nell;I When such luck befalls me,. Who; my joy can, tell ? All: thea rests is: private, Itmn with-: j'yrreplete-. What,: think: you., I, drive at-?" My secondts always. aswee My whole is my first, a most desolate man, That gets all the money he's second; But let him scrape up as much as he can, And he still will a poor wretch be reckoned. 61.-WORD SQUARE. 1. To have a meal. 2. A lady in the " Fairy Queen." 3. A baby's food. 62.--CHARADE. Within his cell a monk read hard, And conned his first with care, For he had penance to perform, His seconds were quite. bare. And as the hours wore on and on, He nodded o'er his book; Back to the world his thoughts were gone] His sacred vows forsook. He dreamt he saw a maiden fair, Beneath my whole sat she; He just was going to kiss her there, When suddenly woke he!
_ il i i i1J I |II 1 ! 1' 63.-PUZZLE. The other day young Poppleton of Poppleton came of age, And that the spread prepared for his friends was jolly you may engage. I like a tuck-out as well as the most, and of course I had my spree, And we drank "red wine" with no helmets barred like knights of chivalrice It was not red wine, but rare Cliquot has the same effect in the end; And ere we departed we had toasted each other and everybody's friend; In fact, I know we grew hot and loud, and talked of romantic deeds, While one or two of the younger folk got poorly over their weeds; And I saw a bottle, I think it was, with big eyes and a sword by its side, Cruelly chaffed by a sugar-pot, with its spoon's mouth ever so wide. Oh, then I thought of the Quixote knight, and his laughter-raising squire, And to do some terrible hero's work was the height of my desire. But the sugar-pot laughed, and the bottle grew fierce, which made hi' rather absurd, And I thought at once of a well-worn phrase that every one les heard. Then I worked it up into these rhymes, and spoke till I fell in a doze- A doze, or a fit, or the hy-sterics--for I found myself on my nose.