PUZZLE COMPETITION.* [Co~PZTITOBS' OWN PUZZLES.]
QUOTATION ENIGMA. 1. In each quotation a letter find, And these disclose a poet blind. 2. From the authors of each quotation, A letter taken in rotation Reveals a poet of our nation. 3, The titles of these pieces found, A letter take From each, and make An English poetess renowned. (a) 'Tis hope and joy and memory give A home in which the heart can live. (b) Under a spreading chestnut tree The village smithy stands. (c) The dew was falling fast, the stars began to blink, I heard a voice, it said, "Drink, pretty creature, drink." (d) My deeds upon my head, I crave the law, The penalty and forfeit of my bond. (e) The sun in heaven was shining gay, All things were joyful on that day. (f) And there lay the steed with his nostril all wide, But through it there rolled not the breath of his pride. - EMILY WHITE (15). WonD SQUARE. 1. A gallant steed I see, 2. Flying a space around, 3. Prancing with playful glee, 4. Raising the organs of sound. - MAIEL SIIEPIrEARD (15). MnETAGRA31. I am a species of medicine; change my head, I am a brook; change again, I am a money-box; again, I am to grind; again, I am an incline; again, I am part of a window; again, I am a paper; again, I am a document; again, I am to slay; again, I am to heap up; and once again, I am to measure. ROBERT FORSYTH (14). HIDDEN RBIvES. Agnes kept a pet rabbit. There were fifty new garments ready to be given away. I am going out with Amy. It was very well done for the first time. Neither Alice nor Edith have gone to school. He fell into the well and was drowned. Any CunLrs (12). DOUBLE AcnRosTc. Danger. A river in Italy. The French for nose. A girl's name. A part of the head. A season used for fasting. My initials and finals give the names of two famous musicians. LIZZIE JUDE (124). MIXED LETTER PROVERB. A. a. d. e. g. g. h. i. i. 1. . 1. 1. n. o. o. r. s. s. t. t. t. t. t. MAGGIE CnmnDS (10). RIDDLE3IE-IEE. My first is in fool, but is not in knave; My second in grotto, but not in cave; My third is in rise, but not in fall; My fourth is in top, but is not in ball; My fifth is in hearing, but not in sound; ~Iy sixth is in beam, but is not in round; My seventh's in rock, but not in sand; My eighth is in ribbon, but not in band; My ninth is in dog, but is not in cat; My tenth is in rug, but is not in mat; My eleventh I think you will find in late; And my whole is a structure of recent date, Which has taken more than two years to make, And is the result of skill very great. EMILY B. KNOCKEn (15). For Prizes Answers must be received by April 6th. See Rules, page 6.