PUZZLE PAGES.
71.--PUZZLE. LOOK on my face and read my tale, List to my sighs and hear my wail, IHark how I Fortune's whims assail, For I am in deep grief. And yet my first is most polite, Courteous, fair spoken, all quite right, Still I am in this horrid plight, And can get no relief. My second, civil though my first Almost destroyed me when it burst, I was prepared for worse, not worst, Comparative degree. Only two words to seal my fate, With superscription and the date, And I'm reduced to the dread state, In slavery, though free.
My whole is what poor scribblers read, When they Parnassus mount with speed, And try to ride Apollo's steed, And get a tumble. It's very hard and so it is, I cannot help my rueful phiz, I know you all my phiz will quiz, Well, I won't grumble. 72.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. With two, nay, with three heads,. We hear of him at times,. I think that one contents him in these climes. He roams throughout the land with awful stride, Regardless: of the creature by his side. 1. Christianity we all profess, Idolatry eschewing, Yet Christians worship me I guess, Much to their souls' undoing. II. These letters are a poser, no word they 'll make, So pray forgive, initials I must take; Full many a child has blubbered o'er his page, The great hymn-maker of a bygone age. III. The field is won, pmans ring through the land In honour of the brave victorious band. Who counts the grief, the pain, the saddened years? The price of victory is paid in tears. IV. Saving in desert isle, I'm everywhere ; Turn where you will, You'll find me there. V. Pleasant on velvet lawn, Or heather-scented moor, The verdant road to ruin, Fast and sure.
73.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 13e not too hasty, weigh us with precision, And when you know us thoroughly, then come to your decision. I. My first the mighty master bids Throw to the dogs as good for nought. II. List, sweet one, to my serenade, With tenderest love 'tis fraught. III. With elves and imps, a kingly sprite Comes lightly dancing through the night. 74.-WORD SQUARE. 1. To harden by fire. 2. Sour. 3. A celebrated pirate. 4. A small whirlpool. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 405, 406, 407, 408; 462, 463, 464.) 52.-Erasmus, William the Silent, Van Tromp, Hans ILolbein ; answer of each, " I' A DUTCIAIu." 53.-Knight-hood. Knighthood. 54.-Fort-tress. Fortress. 55.-Post-man. Postman. 56.-R O P E ORES P E E P E SPY 57.-Rats were in the cat's head. 58.-Love, spoils, the rod, and, spares, the child. 59.-Billet-doux. 60.-Miser-able. Miserable. 61.-S U P U NA PAP 62.--Missal-toe. Mistletoe. 63.-The Age of Chivalry has departed.
i75.-AN ENGLISH CLASSIC. 76.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The Western Highlands know my first full well, Let Eastern desert of my second tell. I. Our fathers and grandfathers too were quite well satisfied With the story of my wondrous birth, by Holy Writ supplied. II. But that is all my second, by philosophers we're told, Who with new-fangled theories would overset the old. III. Being myself my third, I do not wish- for change, But in old beaten paths am well content to range.