JUZZLEDOM. THE JUNIOR PRIZE SET IN OUR RECENT COMPETITION. By CATHERINE ADA EDWARDS (Aged 16.) SIX PUZZLES. 1. (CHARADE.)
Without my first the world would be, A world devoid of history; My second fair, will never die Till time unto eternity Shall change. My whole's a day so bright, That comes but once a year to give delight; To simple sons of men, it also marks, The march my second makes upon my first. I am a word of two letters, use me with the pronoun I, and you tell to all of your existence, put a consonant before me, and by the force of my presence water ceases flowing in its former direction, place a vowel at my head, and I become one of those who first showed themselves powerless to resist temptation. Another consonant, then I am a prefix of courtesy. Behead me of one letter and cut off my final, and I beccme a. girl's Christian name, that is the same reversed as it was before. 3. (EBnus.) A synonym of the verb " to exist." Reversed, the cause of all misery and misfortune. I am tall, sometimes thin, often strong and stout, some- times perfectly smooth, sometimes rough, my head some- times whimsical and grotesque, at others sedate and ugly, according to the fancy of my owner. Although invaluable to the dandy, the aged and infirm, I am the terror of bad children. I am the first anxiety of the maid in the morning. for if I am cross and obstinate, through being left in the damp all night, I cause her a great deal of bother. Many a back-ache have I saved her, when she is sweep- ing. What would washerwomen do without me, I should like to know. I am also a verb, fastening things together, I am useful in making scrap-books and many toys. If I do my duty properly, much valuable information, tidings of joy and sorrow, etc., are safely transmitted through the post. In fact I am used for such miscellaneous purposes, that I can- not long remain unknown. 5. (DOUBLE AcnosTic.) 1. A sunny month that fills our homes with light. 2. Relating to an ideal fabled land. 3. That heated state, when water shows its might If rightly used. (4) A name by God's command, Bestowed on Abram's wild, first son, untamed. 5. The place where Peter made 2Eneas well, 6. Pertaining, to the Continent most famed, In present times, my seventh and last doth tell Of things completed; all my finals spell A country's noble name, initials show A time of great rejoicing held there now (1887).
6. (AnITHronRE r.) CELEBRITIES OF THE REIGN OF QUEEN VICTORIA. 1. 1, 3, 2, 4, 5, and an equivalent of value=one of the Lake poets. 2. 6, 8, 7, 4, and a hard substance=-a great living states- man. . 4, 7, 2, and to conquer=a great naturalist and scientist. 4. The male of the fallow deer and 8, 7, 9, 4=another great naturalist and inspector of the fisheries. .5. A dark colour and 10, 9, 6=our greatest poetess. G. A pet name for birds and 11, 9, 5=-a dead yet great and popular novelist. 7. 6, 3, 2, 4, and a preposition--a great and good general, a hero and a martyr. A pet name for mother and 7, 5=-,a great singer (man).