PUZZLE PAGES. 460.-CHARADE.
SGES ago a venerable elf, My first, in fact, lived calmly by himself, l \ 1 Knowing no passions, wishes none, few cares, Unheeding all terrestrial affairs. ! In short, to him all mundane matters seemed Of little moment, as he dozed and dreamed In his quaint hermitage, a block of stone, Shaped by some mystery known to him alone, But people, you know, Cannot always live so; For Fate, who's a memory for every one's sins, Laid his snug cell all bare To the rude upper air, And myfirst in disgust a new epoch begins. He stretched himself his long-cramped limbs to try, And opened feebly either blinking eye, Then curled himself up for another doze, When sudden tumult banished his repose; For cruel Fate, unkind in everything, Conveyed him, somehow, to a fairy ring. The elves thronged about With racket and shout, While the little late stars were beginning to gleam, For the silvery knell Of the tinkling harebell I"ad summoned the fairies from forest and stream.
They vexed my frst with many an antic jest, They nipped his toes, and pricked his speckled breast, Blew pollen into either blinking eye, Till he for mercy piteously did cry. Then tricksy Puck came with an active spring, And waved his wand around the fairy ring; When up sprang a crop Of mushrooms-on the top Of the biggest they perched him, they mocked him and beckoned. "He's grown proud, we declare, For he sits with an air Of elegant ease" (cried the elves) "on my second !" At last a friendly chanticleer hard by, Who chanced our hero's desperate case to spy, In pity blew his clarion loud and clear, Announcing to the elves that dawn was near. Oh, what a wild commotion did ensue, As like a flock of midges of they flew
While my first from the top Of the mushroom did hop, And crawled off with more speed than pons him before. When he rested his head On his own stony bed He firmly resolved he would leave it more. And since that time, the fairy race, to sh Their memory of that revel long ago, Raised a new order of the mushroom sort, Tables in waiting to the fairy court; And that a fitting title might enrol The new creation, christened them my Sch My first fled the strife Of a more public life, Considering monastic seclusion his mission Though sometimes he is seen At long periods betwee:-- I am told he was up at the Great Eh tion l
46.-ENIGMIA. sm a word of three letters only, one conso- and two vowels, one of which, however, is thereby reducing me in sound to one soli- letter of the Greek alphabet. But if my is limited my powers and applications are at bound, and my variety infinite; for if add one more consonant to my tail I be- na synonym for variegated, much favoured th old writers, especially in a flowery sense. en add a fresh syllable and shave my con- n, I represent more colours than:one in equine sense. The lords of tthe creation at times assume their prwenomen, from me otetheirn=eling. .,In the;epicurean form alike addietdd tfishhifleshpahd fowl, not even averse idt 44good.red.herring." With bles andifniteioflatlescriptions I am yat.homd/on=thehomelygpotato to the nnyof the moors;,and the luxurious apricot ape. In fact, I am almost omnivorous in diet, and can partake of it with equanimity any land. In America I must candidly con- Iabound in plenty, but pumpkins are my de rsistance. In Germany I prefer goose , in France truffled chicken, in Holland Belgium the aforesaid herrings. In Eng- II vary my tastes with each county, for in It Ichoose cherries, in Norfolk and Suffolk 'ton and currants, pears in Herefordshire, hesin Devonshire, pigeons in Oxford, " veal 'am" in Middlesex, pork in Surrey, and thing attainable, including pilchards, in all. This latter terminal county is ever ally under my protection' against the slts of his Satanic: .ajesty, who dare not the tip of his tail!ithere even for fear of I If you, my gelitle'reader, are, or were, :an Sboy, you areamnosttcgnisant)of me under ier canine formnpiwhe~ I have often serve~i sMan antuousatat{iaimed at your.agrariae Sam sorry~torpay that whefi Ipartakebfi I~larunngra'filly held,;upAo all youth- nprobation as is:bad instancebf unfaithfulr akin to violated vows. Wh-en I: assume most modest and lowly foriml am. neverthe- th most bitter pill an individual or even a n can swallow-nauseous to the taste, and hard of digestion, and universally vitupe- accordingly. When I am among my hred friends I am ranked as a terrible 'lan arrant thief, and the Paul Pryamong Io, although my Cornish friends bear a 'fl remembrance of my ministry between and Nicholas the Ancient, and they there- -nvariably salute me with hats off when we Sam not literaryin my tastes, although 1fiater is well acquainted with me, and, to
speak candidly, I secretly suspect I am his bite noir. But in spite of all these evil-blemishes on my character I can show the bright side too, and rank many among my friends, nay, even my ardent lovers. The notable Jack Horner will bear me favourable testimony, Simple Simon will chant my praises, and all the letters of the alphabet, from "great A, little a, bouncing. B," down to zealous Z," will proclaim how they have esteemed and sought me. +isiily, if you have not long agdidiscoveredmy namqcn.you don't deserve to -.enjoy - my prim !aiiiling favours at Christmas, nor.are you adtcty of the schoolboy invit~tionoto -meet me, 'li~la;is, as you oughtto knImow, couched:in Lthrebletters of the Greek alphabet. 462.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The evil spirits Solyman controlled; 'The negro's name ere into slavery sold; A mystic language that the Nornas read; The Eastern Empire of our sovereign dread; What Oxford crews eschew upon the stream; The mail that on a warrior's breast doth gleam; What all may cancel, none can e'er restore; A busy seaport station on our shore; And an Italian island-count these o'er. My first will toll a hero's glorious name, Inscribed for ever on the roll of fame- Champion of Freedom, Son of Liberty, Who teachest fallen nations to be free I Long may thy name adorn the poet's lays, And thy grey hairs wear their green crown of bays My:last will place himnin his island-home, A rocky speck amidst the wild sea's foam, Where the-great hero laysdhisxsword uside, Toi:till the :gratefuloilr;i`rimbmdk piide ; 'Mayevery blade and blossomemuv 1efoldyield .Rich.victoriessin this pea disf4ttledfield! Amswens TO CHARADEs, &c. (Pages458, 459, and 460, Vol" V.) 4:446 Foot-man. 447. 1. Oyster. u. Horse. 448. Plea-sure. 449. Night-inn-gale. 450. CROQUTT-FASIION. CalFI-Ratafi-- OasiS-QuencH-UrI-E chO-TiN. 451. Because the former is known by the bragging of his riches, and the latter by the ragging of his breeches. 452. Because he is a "mend-I-can't." 458. Because he's certain to have a lot of cawin' about him. 454. Because they are two-sworded (too sordid). 455. At Madame Tussaud's (two'swords'
4G8.-CHARADE.
In train, jewels, lappets, and plume, At myfirst a sensation I made- It was just in the height of my bloom- And the incense and compliments paid By all to my "beaux yeux" themselves,
s--i \ 7
Papa's banker went off with his gold, So adieu to our splendid estate ! House, jewels, and hunters were sold, Scarce valued or missed till too late. So we went back to India, in hopes For me a rich nabob to catch, But I met an old love in my second, And made a most desperate match. While papa did his sherry and port sip, I and Harry renewed our old - - .
Though enhanced by an ample "cs Made my rivals most spitefully groan, Some dwell in my memory yet! Though, alas youth has given me a short Since the bright glowing days of our
War's chances were lucky for Harry, He's a general now-K.C.B., And my jewels and dresses are splendid, Our house is unique as you see; And out here I've a first of my own, Where my rule is supreme. I have rece It was not a bad match after all, So I mentally bless that old second! Harry swears there ne'er came into port sli Like that where we ended our - -,
464.-A LINE FROM " HAMLET." .. . . . . ... . . . . .e,, r., , ,, ,, .,, , ll ittI ill t % KI 1 l I I t ill i I aI.. ilh i . i i I I I .1.11
E 465.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
The wooden mould St. Crispin's sons bespeak; The bird that's clumsy over hide-and-seek; A strong, coarse spirit, of unpleasant smell; Our destined fate which we can ne'er foretell; A river garlanded with lilies white; The fairy argosy of ocean bright. Name and arrange these incongruous articles, And from their heading and concluding partice
Construct two words with care, you'll find th City--myfirst-upon my second's river. [i. My first, the city, on my second's banks, A 1 for wealth and powerful influence ranks Few others are of such extent possessed. No stream conveys such commerce on its br As doth my second-make haste to guess th In plainer terms I'm sure I can't express the