PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
HIS month of June, at which we pil- grims have now arrived, ought to be a warm and pleasant month, for it contains the heart of sum- mer in Mid- =-- summer Day. But the sea- sons this year seem to have - - been chang- ing places so much, that I am not at all sure that cloaks and coats and comforters won't be required for our journey. I have put, beside the Zodiacal sign, a wild rose in my initial, as being peculiarly the flower of the month; but I don't fancy you will find many in bloom during these cold easterly winds. You happy young pil- grims I suppose do not as yet see much difference between an east wind and any other. I hope you will never become so weatherwise as to feel when there is an east wind as soon as you are up, and before you look out of window. All one's rheumatic joints send in notice to head-quarters that the wind is in the east, just as all the stations along the sea-coast telegraph the state of the weather to the meteorological depart- ment in London. By the way, a young sailor, just returned from his first twelve- -month's voyage to Calcutta and back, told me the other day that a red cloudless sunset was a general sign of coming east wind. I don't admire cloudless red sunsets as much as I used to do, somehow ! Well, we must put on our "cockle hat and sandal shoon," and put our best feet forward for the pilgrimagewithout more delay. I will begin with a square-of-every-word puzzle, which is founded on a seasonable term. As you are beginning to make them out more easily, we will put the different steps'in verse.
(A.) SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WORD PUZZLE. I. A dweller in the sea, a sign, That's sometimes caught with bait and ii ie. II. Manuscripts illuminated Thus are usually rated. III. Painting, Sculpture, Music be Often reckoned sisters three. IV. Seek-if meet with this you would- The superlatively good. In my next puzzle, in the second step, there is a classical word. Now, one or two little correspondents are inclined to com- plain of the introduction of foreign or clas- sical words; but-besides the fact that I should often have to throw aside an other- wise excellent puzzle because of one word- I must remind them that it is just for such cases as this that they are allowed to obtain help, or-what is better still-can search for themselves in dictionaries or other books of reference, for they will generally have found the other steps, which will of course give them the first and last letters of the difficult word. It is an admirable practice to search in books of reference, for you are likely to pick up odd useful bits of informa- tion while looking for the particular expla- nation you want. And it only needs patience, which is a capital virtue to exercise. When I was a boy, and before I knew a word of French, I picked out, in a French book, the translation of a story which had a picture that attracted me. How did I do it? Simply by getting the dictionary and looking out every word. Sometimes I was puzzled with irregularly-formed tenses, but I scrambled along, and found at last that I remembered a good many things and did not have to turn them up again in the dictionary. There's a bit of my expe- rience of the value of patience, young people! Now for the puzzle.
(B.) PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. ýý"ý-- -_\ _ -_- I don't think you ought to find any diffi- culty there, even though number two is classical. Any of your brothers, young ladies, or any boy among your friends who is learning Latin, will be able to find it out for you, even if you do not-to parody the notice in some French shop-windows- "spike the Latin" yourselves. There, now, I think I have given you a pretty clear hint ! By-the-by, I forget to mention the poor little butterfly on the stem of the wild-rose in my initial. It is one of those pretty little azure butterflies that ought to be flying about at this time. But the few white butterflies, even, that I have seen looked very storm- tossed and unhappy, and I fear these poor little blue fellows would be quite shipwrecked. Except certain caterpillars, provided by na- ture with furry great-coats, and snails, who have a roof to cover them, all the insects seem shy of coming out. There is an old rhyme that- " A swarm of bees in May Is worth a load of hay ; A swarm of bees in June Is worth a silver spoon; A swarm of bees in July Is only worth a fly." it strikes me there were no loads of hay this yeavr and that there will be more flies than
silver spoons ! When Lowell, the poet, asked- "What is so sweet as a day in June ?" he did not calculate on one's having to answer the question while one sits warming one's toes at the fire, and listening t.o the rattle of hail on the window. The next puzzle I am going to set you is an Enigma, of which I am reminded, by one of my correspondents, we have had no specimens lately. (C.) ENTIGMA. When first it was created, earth With this at once began its birth And so with this, whatever thence Springs into being, must commence; And with it, too, you may depend, This vast terrestrial orb must end; It dwells not in palatial halls, But 'mid the humble cabin's walls. Nor land nor sea can it contain, It shuns the heart, but haunts the brain; It breathes in slumber, but it flies The vigil of the sleepless eyes; In one of man's most famous works- The telegraphic links that bind The distant races of mankind- It in the cable's centre lurks. In labour it delights, yet still It shuns the mart, the mine, the mill; It closes in, with solemn gloom, The farthest vista of the tomb, So silently, it makes no sound To break a stillness so profound; Yet in life's hubbub takes its place With treble zest and rapid pace. Say, would you at its home arrive ? Go seek it in the busy hive ! I rather fancy enigmas are more difficult to guess than most puzzles. They are by no means easy to write, as it is necessary to find a word that has so many different meanings or applications. The best that ever was done is in my opinion that written in the Deepdene Album (by Miss Fanshawe, not Lord Byron), beginning- "'Twas whispered in heaven." I don't think Praed, who wrote one of the best charades about " Sir Hilary charged at Agin- court," ever wrote an enigma-at least I don't' recall one of his, and lent someone his poems long ago (with the usual result) -but he would have done it very well, I fancy.
I am next going to give you a couple of lines in verse, written in pictorial language. We will call them- (D.) A JUNE PICTURE RHYME. There is a line of verse in each two lines of the puzzle. The next thing is a charade, with a very touching story of the chivalric ages. (E.) CHARADE. Sir Topaz was a gallant knight, In Milan armour was he dight, That glittered in the sunshine bright; He rode upon a gallant steed, That pranced o'er moorland and o'er mead, And seemed prepared for gallant deed. My First, with flowing plume and crest, Upon his saddle-bow did rest. What sound was that, which reached his ear, Which made him grasp his tilting spear, And set sharp spurs to his destrere ? He laced his helm, unslung his shield, Prepared at once to take the field, And die, a hero, ere he'd yield;- A woman's frightened voice implored The knight my Second to accord ! They saw him gallop to the stream, They saw his armour flash and gleam,- And he had vanished like' a dream !
His warhorse reached the further shore, But, ah ! Sir Topaz never more Was seen alive; his race was o'er ; The coroner his body found Beneath my Whole's white foam-flakes drowned. We have been having armour glittering in " the sunshine bright " in London lately. The visit of the Czar has been signalized with grand doings, Crystal Palace fetes, and City banquets, and reviews. The only thing we did not have enough of was the sunshine. It was bright enough at the Crystal Palace, but it did not choose to do justice to the decorations of the City when the Czar went to the Guildhall, nor did it gleam as it should have done on the arms and accoutre- ments of his suite and the escort. The other day I had a letter from our old friend Mr. Phancy, the photographer. He has been taking a trip to London from Puz- zledom, in order to see the great doings, and has succeeded in taking some portraits of distinguished personages. He sends me a specimen. I wonder whether you can guess its meaning. PH ANCY PHOTOGRAPH. ill But we will say good-bye to London fes- tivities, and steal away, if we can but get a little pleasant weather, into a quiet nook in Puzzledom, among the woods and green hedges, where we shall find something very
very pretty that I am very fond of seeing. I will tell you what it is in puzzle language : (C.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "Twinkle, twinkle, little star," I can guess, though, what you are, As you shine not up on high, But among the hedgerows nigh. I. It's a shame and disgrace Beyond a doubt, To laugh right out In any one's face; And in manners you make a shocking flaw, With a "Ho! ho ! ho !" and a "Haw ! haw ! haw i" II. The Indian who courses, And catches wild horses, Is apt at the use Of the flying noose, Which is one of his chief resources. III. Down, as Heaven's first law, lay "Always obey What your masters say ! " IV. The chief of the tribe of Snakes He always with him takes The squaw, he chose to marry In order that she might carry His dwelling of skins and stakes. I have contrived to think out a fresh sort of puzzle for you again this month. I was in hopes that my story last month would have shown you clearly the way to discover how to find out the Metamorphosed Sub- Stantives, but I find that a great many of you missed them, and that one even who had discovered them put a great "OH, MR. IooD !" under the solution, which I sup- Pose meant they were too awful ! However, I shall try them again soon, and see if I can't make them a little easier. The new Puzzle this month is not at all a hard one. It expresses the degrees of comparison of an adjective, such as, for instance, " Good, better, best." I shall fully expect everyone to guess it.
(H.) DEGREES OF COMPARISON. We now come to a puzzle which may look like a new kind of puzzle. But it is reall) an old friend with a new face. You will most likely remember the " Bunch of Keys" I once gave you .in picture language; and this is very much the same sort of thing. It is " A Bunch of Roses for Budding." I sup- pose you have most of you seen the gardener budding roses, or know how it is done. He has first of all the stock, or stem, generally a brier or wild rose stem-for all the beautiful roses we see must have come originally from that simple hedge-flower. Then he has a bundle of sprigs or sprays cut from the different cultivated roses he wants to grow on the stocks. He selects from each of these the suitable eye or bud, situated at the foot of a leaf stalk, and prepares it by cutting it off, with a little shield, as it were, of green bark attached. He then slits the bark of the stock in such a way that he can slide the little bud-shield under it, and lastly, binds it. in its place with a bit of Berlin-wool. In a year or so's time the little bud has become a part of the stock, and pushes out branches and blossoms. In my puzzle I give you the plain rose stock to work upon, and then a handful of quotations from the poets for your bunch of buds. You will find a word in each quo- tation which, when fitted on the stock, will give you the name of some kind of rose or other with which you are familiar.
This ought to be easy enough, for after all it is very like the puzzle of " buried" things, .except that you don't have to extract the required word from several others, because it is complete in each quotation. (I) A BUNCH OF ROSES FOR BUDDING. I:. "Home went the little woman all in the dark, Tol, lol, liddle, diddle, doll When she began to ring the little dog began to bark, Tol, lol, liddle, diddle, dol!" 2. " Here's the garden she walked across, Arm in my arm, such a short time since. Hark ! as I push the wicket, the moss Hinders the hinges and makes them wince." .3. " A lake and a fairy boat To sail in the moonlight clear, And merrily we would float From the dragons that watch us here." -4. . . . ..... . . "Raising Her hand to heaven with the cabbage in it On which she meant to sup- W' ell, this is fairy work ! I'll bet a farden, Little Prince Silverwings has catched me up, And set me down in some one else's garden !'" 5.. . . . . . . . . " The king Has been shot at-hit in the liver-wing- Carries his Bourbon arm in a sling !" ,6. . . " If wine is poison, so is tea, But in another shape ;- What matter whether one is killed, By canister or grape !" :7. . . . "She never fold her love, But let concealment, like a worm i' the bud, Feed on her damask cheek." ".. " Survey mankind with an extended view, And waft a sigh from China to Peru." :9. " A cage, with a bird that sweetly sung, As beside the tiny window it hung, And a pot of musk that loved to perfume The breezes that wandered into the room." I will give you just one instance of how to 'do this puzzle, and must then leave you to
your own devices. I have the stock "rose" to start with, and this quotation- " Singing 'from Palestine Hither I come, Lady-love, Lady-love, Welcome me home !'" I select "Palestine" as the bud-word, which gives me " Palestine Rose," which is the flower required. My last puzzle will be a pictorial proverb. It is a warning to young people not to at- tempt to do things which are beyond their powers. (K) IIC'TORIAL PROVERB. We will wind up with the essays, of which the first shall be (I.) UNWEDDED RHYM;ES. THE ROSE. Bough. Green. Red. Scent. Stern. Thorn.
For the final essay I shall give PROSE ESSAY. PLAYTIME. I think you ought to find that a suggestive subject, little people. Now we come to the solutions, and list of guessers:- SOLUTIONS. A. Logogriphe :-Caterpillar, cat, care, rap, pat, carp, rat, leap, lap, place, let, eat, plate, rate, err, ape, pear, ripe, till, rip, cape, tape, reap, tap. B. Pictorial Double Acrostic. aM ermai D. A uror A. Y eomanr v. C. An Every-way Puzzle :- ML A D. A T E. XY E W. i. May, 2. Dew, 3. Dam, 4. Eta, 5. Wey, 6. Yam, 7. Wed. D. Pictorial Diamond Puzzle. E F ('') = F. AL E. GOO S E. SH O\ W E RS. SHEEP. A R M. (u) ESS=S. E. Double Acrostic. L i D. O per A. N av Y. G ras s. F. Metamorphosed Substantives. I. Scene, eight, oars = Senators. 2. Eye, cone, oak, lasts = Iconoclasts. 3. Bee, daw, burrs = Bedaubers. G. Charade. Butt, turf, fly = Butterfly. 1 Two Pictorial Charades. No. I. Cat, K in S = Catkins. No. 2. Black, cap = Blackcap. I. Square-of-each-word Puzzle. GATE. AGRA. TROT. EATS. For K. and L., see Answers.
The following have answered all puzzles correctly:- Smoke; Neddums and Bee; Emmie: Marion Fox; Rustic: Mary Fendall ; Corsair; Ursa Minor; Alice Stronach; W. A. P.;. Lallie ; Die Zauberflite ; Emily Agnes ; Marie; Poker and 'longs; Princess Sheila; Kathleen Maude; Luise and Janette; Minnie W. ; Ada Mason ; R. D. Purves : Blunderbore: Kate.- and Mary Elgin; Alice Berrington; Chim; Jumping Jehoso- phat; Teacup and Teaspoon; Frank Arnold; Amy and Con- stance. The following have answered those puzzles. of which the initials are appended to their names :- Fridzwede, A B CD H; Adeline, AB CD Hs ; Three Little Y's, A C H I; Edith Budden, ABCDEG H I; Freddie F. Burghard, A B C HI; H. J. S. V. T., A B CH ; Maggie, John, and Archie, A B C D G H I; Lucy Morris, A" B CF G H I; Toots,A BD HI; Octopus, A CE G HI; Severn, A B C D E G H I; Pixie, A BD I I; The Shah, B D G ; Nellie Macdonald, A B C D I' G H ; Lilla and E. Hutton, A B C D E G HI; Chushan Rushathaim, A B C H I; Bescvad, A C D F G H; Blanche, A B H I; Burham- poor, A BD G I; Claude Lowe, A BCDE G I; Henry Marshall, A B D G H I; Minnie and Pheenic, A B C 1) F G H I; Gowny and Co., A B C D F G H I; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A B CD GHI; Mary Hewitt, A B C DE G H I; Gertie and Katie, A B CH I; Coquette, A B CD G I; Typpytywychett, A B C H; May Tatum, A B C F G H I; Chestnut, A C D E G H I; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, A B FG HI; Luigia, A B CD F G HI; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibeer, A BCDG HI; Edith Upton, A' CD F G H I; B. Nevill. A B C D F G H I; Lucumo, A C G I; Irell, Laughing Gas, and Little Woman, A B C F G H I; Emily Rudd, A B C; A. M. O. S., A BD H III; Lucy A. James, A B C D EH I; W. E. and J. Thornton, A CE F G HI; Valentine and Daisy, A B D G H I; Bud, Blossom, and Berry, A B D G H I; Maggie Swallow, A B D FG H I; G. D. Sharp, A B CD F G H I; Frisky, ABC F G H 1: Cat, Pug, and Fudge, A CDEG II ; Ellen Llewellyn, A BCDF G H I; Pen- dragon, A B C F G H I; Maggie Croall, A B D E F G H I Jack, A H I; Toby, A B C E G H I; Mabel E. Walmisley, A CF G H I; Sweet Briar, A BCD C G I;: Redgauntlet, A H I; Fanny Barclay, A BCD F H I; Fleur de Lys, A BCDGHI; Mary Paul, A BCE FGHI; Clara and Herbert, A B CE F G H I; Charlie and Percie Carryer, A B C F G H I; Willie Horton, A B CF G HI; Mabel Ellis, A BCEFC G I: Ada and Annie,A BCDE G H I; Madge, A" B C D F G H I; Ida Aitken, ACH HI; Nellie Hutton, A B C F G H I; Irish Ivy, A C I; Rosa Sillitoe, A B C D F ( HI; Elsie S., A B H; Margaretta and Dora Sharpe, A B C HI; Ada M. Dyson, A C D F G H I: Chrissy W., A B CD H I; Primrose, A BCD G H I; Exeter, A BCD H I; Emily Kate, A B C D IH I; Moyola and Buskin Burn, A C D E F G H I; Laburnum, Clematis, Canariensis, A CD G HI; Edith Allman, A B H I; Mary Henrietta, A B C F G CH : Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A B C D F G H I;: Emma and Cousin Anne, A B C D F G H I; Amy Ellen Stephens, A B C D F G H /I; Ethel and Alfred Tribe, .1 CD F G H I; Kitten, A BCE F G H I; Mabel, A B H; Alice and Florence Humphreys, A B C G II I; Edith Emily Harris, A B C D F G HI; Annie Suter, A I: Puck, A B C C h I; Constancy, A B CD E ( H ; Pail and Virginia, A B CD FH ; C. J. Powell, A C D E F G H I; Roma and Venezia, A B CF G H I ; Shaggy Lioness and Roaring Bull, A C G H I ; Agnes and Rebecca Stone, A B C DE G HI; Edith, Henry, and Blanche, A BCDG H I ; Katie Macandrew, A BC D EC I I; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A C D E G H; Myosotis, A B CD H I; Ariel, A B CD F G H 1 ; Lily of the Valley, A B CFGHI; Emerald, A B CH I; A. M. P., A B CDI F G H I; Beatrice, ABCF G H I; Mossrose, A B C D F G H I; Christina McDiarmid, A B C G H I; Fame, A C E F G H I, Rose Mary Leslie, A B CD FGH I; Sir R. Horton, etc., A B HI; Laura Marie Jackson, A C D F H; Alice and' Frances, A B D G I: Penmorva, A C G H I; Titus and Dancing Dromedary, A B C D GH I; Polyanthus and Ienny Penny, A C D CIII: Lilian and Gertrude, A B C D H ; Kittums, A BC E H; Winifred Eyres, A B C I) F G ; NiL Desperandum, A H : Eddie Sullivan, A BD GH ; Wini- fred Sullivan, A B CD G H I ; Harry Hotspur, A C D F G H I; Herbert Manton, H; Beatrice, Helen, and Edith Manton. A C H; Florence Manton, A C III; Lily Lightfoot, A B C HI; Dorothy, ABCDCHI; A. M. Y., ABCDEGH I; Edith, Connie, and Grace, A C PCG H I; Lenore, A B C F G H I; Alice Freemantle, A B C D G H I ; Scruffy, A BD GC ; Shepherd's Plaid, A B C D C HI; Ethel and Fritz Lucas, ABCD F G H I; Edmonds, Damas, and Co., ABCDG H I: W. H. Rankine, . C I/: Patrick and Bessie, A H I: Puck and Mary, A C D G /II; Corkscrew, AH I ; Alice's. Oak Tree, A 1G ; Rodway, A B CD If I: Prince Oistra- vieff, A BCF H I Rupert Mason. A BCD GHI; E. M.. Cooper, A B D G I I: llue hlell and Tib, A B C H I
jessamine and Heartsease, A B C D G H I; Mary Power Jackson, A B C D E G II ; Frank and Elsie, A B C D G H I; M. Stephens, ABCEGHI; Cymro, A BCDGCHI; Tweedledum, A B CD F G HI; Edith Lack, A B C F G H I; Dorothy Tyler, A BC D F G H I; Maud Stanton and Mbabel Woodhouse, A B CD EG 6Hi I Maud Mary, A BG H; Nos. i and 2, A B CF H; Annie Townsend, A B C D F GHI; J. Davis, A ; W. Hodgson, I; Emmeline, A CHI; Dharwar, A B C G H I; Three Bears, A B C G H I; Wild- rsake, A B CD F G HI; Organblower, A CGHI; Constance, Margaret, and Ernest Howard, A B C G H I; Kitty Merry, A H I; Lalla Rookh, A B C - I; Deborah Dottie, A C D G H I; Guy, Speck, and Rob, A BCD FG H ; Topsy W., A BCDFPGII; Katie, Eddie, and Gus Deacon, AG H; The Brat, A B C F G H 1; April and September, A C D H I; M. F. B., A C D F H I; Hetty and Maud Comber, A C H; E. and F. Huntsman, A BCD FG H I; Carie and Kittle, A B CG H I; Periwinkle, A B CD F G H I; 'Codling, A C G I; Willie Mac, A C D H I; Celestine, A B C D FG H I; Weathercock, A C G I; Buttercup and Daisy, A B CF G H I; Amy and Maggie, A BG HI; Mouth and Ears, A C E F G H I; Beatrice Woods, A BCD F G H I; Colin, A B CD FG H I; Lizzie C., A B CF G H I; Adela, A B CD F G H I; George Smetham, A B CE F G H I; Edith Cadogan, A B C D F G H I; Mary MacEwen, A B CD H I; Lillian, A CD E F GH I; Trois Scaurs, A CD G HI; Two Ashantees, A CD F G H I; Lotus, ABCD F G H I; Cuckoo, A BCD H I; Flora and Aurora, ABCDG H I; Mother Carey's Chickens, A B C D G H I; Ber and Pollywog, A B C D G H I; Sunshine, A B H I; King Victor, A B C D E H I; Minnie and Kittie Ingamells, A C G H I; Eyebright, A C HI; Amy Measor, AB CDG HI; "Country Mouse, A BCDEGHI; Jeannie G., A CD FG HI; Humming Bird, A BCD H I; Isabella Blatch, A BC E F G H I; Alex and Llew, A H I; Alice and Fred, A C H I; Angelita, A B C HI ; Florence Jewell. A B CD FG H I; Ilfracombe Bouquet, A CH ; Dora Mary Jones, A BC D F HI1; J. and G. Macdonald, A BCD F G HI; Effie and Ally, A B C H I; Princess Emeralda, A B H ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, A B C F G H I; Edith Mary Glover, A D G HI; May Ellis, . C G H I; Hetty and Nelly, A B C D -.FG HI; A. Wills,A B CFGHI; Whilbelmina, A BC F G H I; Holly and Mistletoe, A B C D E G I; Henry C. Johnstone. A C D GHI; T. C. Hughes, ABCD F G H I; Scotch Lassie, A B HI; Herbert Dicksee, A C D I; Agnes Wylie, A BCDEGH I; Gerty Emily Jones, A B Ii I; Innes, A B C D FG HI; Sally, Dolly, Kit, and Co., A B C D G H I; Dormouse, A CD FGH I; G. F. and E, Duffield, ABCD F H ; J. and J. Williamson, A BCDE GH I ; Pussie Secunda, A B C D E G H I; Bessie, A B C D E F G H; Menelaus, A BG H I: Balbus, A B CD H I; J. Lovel and Fred Milner, A B H; Dora Milne Miller, A BHI; Elsie Wilkins, A B CD G HI; Unadilla, A IB G HI; Nesta, A C 'G 1; Crusty Peg, A B C F G HZ ; The Jung Frau and Teapot, A BDG HI; Kate A. G. Hewitt, ABG I; J. N. F. M., A B C J FGHI; Dolly Earnshaw, ABCDG H I; Lilibulero, A B C E F G H I; Puppydogmew, BD H I; Lilias, AB C DG H I; King Arthur, A B D H: Egberta, .H; W. G. Hewitt, A B H 1; Alice World, A HI; F. F. and M., A B C F G I; Cornubra, ABCD GHI; Tom Simpson and Carry Paterson, A 1; Ella Simey, A B C D F G .H I; James Yeoman, A D I; Ellen Wade. A D H I; Gemini, SB C D F G H I; Francesca, A B C D E G H I; Ada, Edith, and Beachic, A B C G H I; Padishah Doodeen, A C D S'G H I; Ardy, ..1 B IC D F G H I; Mary Blanche Hayward, 4 B C D G H ; Ella and M:.sy, A CD FGH I ; Punch and Judy, A C D G GH I; Katie Abhott, A B H; Marta, A B C D P G H I; Simon de Montfort. A C HI; The Graces, A B H .1; Mouche and Mache, A C H I: Lillie M., A B D G H I; L. L. Nicholls, A B C E I; Sylvia and Beatrice Baldwin, A BCD FGHI; Sea-Anemone, ABCD F G HI; Jessie Reid, A C I; Ayacanora, and Frank Leigh, A B C D E G .1; Woodbine, A BCEG I i; Carolus, A BC DFH I; 'Lucy Ling, A B C G H I; Nelld, A H!; Louie, A B C G H I; Rhinoceros and Hippopotamus, A ; The Red Queen, A B C F G H I; Hyacinth. A BC G I: Polyphemus, A B C F G H I; King Koffee, A B C G H I; M. F. L. B., AD H I; J. K. sS. Cleave, A BCDG H I; Fanny Hall, A B C E F G HI ; Big Baby, A B C E HI; Bochsaque, etc., A G; Clarita, A B *CD F G HI; The Bandersnatches, A BCF G HI; Edgeler Blake, A BC G HI; Mabel Peake, A BCDFG H I; Two 'Cuckoos, A B C D F G H I; Adelaide Churchill Spencer, A; Orang Outan,A BC D G H I. My pilgrims have been careless as usual this time, in many instances, and have quite 'neglected the rules, for which of course they must suffer. In one or two cases my young :folks claim credit for answering puzzles, which were not placed against their names. They must look again, and they will find ,they were wrong in some detail, which dis-
qualified them. For example, I dare say many will think that they ought to score D. because they put " F(rog)" instead of "Ef(T)." But how can you cut off a frog's tail ?-he doesn't possess one ! With regard to the Original Verse (K), I give the palm to Lallie. EARLY MORNING. Open, thou glorious and far-flaming portal ! Roll back, ye golden-gleaming gates of day i For lo, the sun-god, Phoebus the immortal, Passes rejoicing on his shining way. Night spreads her dusky wings, and swiftly flieth, The stars die out, and dawn draws on apace; Calm in the stilly light the ocean lieth, And morning smiles upon the Earth's glad face. Her joyous lay the clear-voiced lark is trilling Far in the dreamy depths of summer-sky; And Nature's voice, a heavenly peace in- stilling, Calms our wild hearts, and lifts our thoughts on high. Winifred Sullivan shares the First Class with Lallie; Trois Sceurs and Chim divide the Second; and in the Third come Alice Stronach, Die Zauberflote, Alice Berrington, Unadilla, and Lilibulero; while the Com- mended are Chestnut, A. M. P., Mabel Walmisley, Christina McDiarmid, Eddie Sullivan, Alice Freemantle, Wildrake, Organ- blower, Dora Mary Jones, Nellie Stevens, Crusty Peg, Mary Blanche Hayward, and Redgauntlet. In (L) Blank Rhymes, I am sorry to say there is such a dead level of mediocrity that I can do no more than mention, without classifying them, May Tatum, Luigia, Smoke, Mabel Walmisley, Marion Fox, Winifred Sullivan, Tweedledum, Maud Stan- ton and Mabel Woodhouse, Lallie, Organ- blower, Trois Sceurs, Dora Mary Jones, Alice Berrington, Ella and Missy, Orang Outan, Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, Chim, and Emily Rudd. I now come to my correspondence, which is rather.extensive this month. That reminds me to tell those of my little friends wh0
complain that I don't notice some of their questions, that I am obliged to make a selection. If I were to reply to all enquiries I should fill the magazine. So they must not ask such questions, for instance, as one I receive this month, " In what year was Joan ofArc burnt?" because they could find that out for themselves in their history. To those little folks who are getting anxious about Birthday and Confession Books, I must apologize for a delay, which is however unavoidable, as I have been extra busy of late, and have not been able to set aside an evening for writing in, and packing, the books. With regard to the non-transmission of photo- graphs, too, this excuse must hold good; but in some cases my correspondents were not sufficiently definite in sending addresses and names. It would be much better if they would enclose an addressed envelope, especially as in some cases I don't know whether to put " Miss " or " Master," where Christian names don't guide me. Those little friends who have sent me their .cartes must accept my very best thanks. I shall value my Puzzledom Portraits very much indeed. I have also to thank one or two for sending me the lines about " The Snails." They were not written by my father, as was stated by the journal from which one correspondent copied them. That reminds me that Dorothy asks, "Why I never told her that I wrote 'Eugene Aram? '" The answer to her riddle is, "Because I didn't write it ! " I cannot send A. M. C. F. what she wants, but if she applies to the writer, I have no doubt her request would be acceded to. I don't know where Ardy can get "The Honey Stew of the Countess Bertha." Perhaps some of our friends have it and can send the publisher's address. M. F. L. B. can no doubt obtain the back numbers of GooD THINGS at 12, Paternoster Row, and Annie Suter can get ' Howlett's Golden Almanack' at ro, Frith Street, Soho. A/ropos of her in- quiries about the Language of Flowers, Sylvia writes that Daisy means Innocence ; Beauty, Cheerfulness, and A Token; and Star of Bethlehem, Purity, Guidance, and Reconciliation. Lily of the Valley means Delicacy and Return of Happiness; Water Lily, Silence; White Lily, Purity and Sweet- ness; and Imperial Lily, Majesty. Those who want to know, about the rules, and what things count towards the prizes, must really consult the back numbers, as I have no space to repeat them. Alice Hum- phrey's suggestion to give classes for coloured copies of the initials each month, would not uork well. Comparatively few people can
draw, and, especially, paint or illuminate, so that the greater number of Pilgrims would be excluded. I am sorry I cannot give Adelaide any advice about swimming, as I can't swim my- self, and I hear from Jumping Jehosophat that my namesake Tommy, the Celebrated Swimming Doll, is not to be found anywhere, or perhaps he would have given a few lessons. (It's my private impression that he has got drowned on the sly.) Lilias wants to know what bathing in May dew was supposed to be good for? I don't recollect, but I thirk it was only a silly superstition, for of course it was not different from any other dew. In Ireland it was a spell of some sort, and had to.be gathered before the first ray of the sun touched it. To Lallie's enquiry whether blank rhymes may be transposed, I reply, Yes, certainly. I don't care how much they are changed about, always provided that the two rhyming words are not separated too far. To Pattie Dutton, premising that I am no arithmetician, I answer that as "nothing times two are nothing," and "two times nothing are nothing," I should say the result was the same in each case, unless some great mathe- matician has discovered that there are two sorts of nothings. But as I said before, I am a very bad hand at arithmetic. Sunshine is going to have a birthday soon, and hints at "strawberries, sugar, and cream." Let me advise her to try lemon juice instead of cream. The little touch of acid brings out the full flavour of the fruit, which I think is lost in the richness of the cream. But this is greedy talk, isn't it ! King Arthur's sketch of the larva is hardly detailed enough for me to be sure that it is a caddis, which, however, is easily distinguish- able, for it makes up its great-coat of all sorts of unconsidered trifles,-shells, stones, bits of stick or straw, and aquatic leaves. Red- gauntlet will find her verse mentioned, and must accept thanks, if rather late, for the illumination and photograph. Talking of photographs, I regret to say that though the flowers Dorothy Dumps sent me arrived all safe, the post-office stamper had taken some pains to find where her portrait was, and had smashed it to atoms. And now I come to a most delicate and confidential enquiry. A namesake of mine writes, " I am in love with - , but she will not have me, and I am in a bad state. Please tell me the best cure for love." I must confess I am puzzled. I don't think mustard plaster would be of use; and a blighted affection is not like a decayed tooth -you can't have it pulled out. Gruel or
porridge with a bit of butter in it might be an alleviation, but not a cure. I'm afraid Tom will have to wait till he grows out of it and gets wiser. In the matter of pets, Lily Wright says that Ardy should give her squirrel about six nuts a day, and a dish of cold bread and milk morning and evening. She has had a squirrel for four years, and it is very fond of hard biscuit, fir cones, lumps of sugar, acorns, apples, strawberries, and groundsel. With regard to mice, Mary Power Jackson says, she feeds hers with bran, grits, and birdseed, and gives it bread sopped in water and squeezed very dry, but thinks milk is bad. Of course, scalded milk should only be given as a medicine, and bread and milk for pets should be made by pouring cold milk over bread that has been scalded in hot water and squeezed dry. I cannot tell Scruffy if all dogs have dis- temper. The very highly bred ones, being delicate, are liable to it, but I think mongrels escape. Sometimes dogs have it when quite pups and so slightly as not to be noticed. Scruffy should have looked for his miss- ing pet at the Dogs' Home, Battersea, if a resident in London. It is worth a visit, to see all the strays, and notice their different ways of behaviour, when lost. Princess Sheila should send her dog to the doctor, as a cough is a difficult thing to treat; my Topsy had one lately, but she was quickly cured. I may tell H. S. J. V. T. that dogs are very subject to a sort of paralysis, which is how- ever only a symptom of deranged health, and quite curable. I once had a little dog that was so seized in the hind legs and rolled over at almost every step, but it was cured at the veterinary's and lived to a good old age. I am glad to have Madge's testimony to the affection of cats. G. V. says I should not like them if I saw the nests they robbed; but though I pity the birds, I remember it is the instinct of cats to feed on birds. What does G. V. think a good-natured giant would think of us, when he saw us killing the pretty lambs and frolicsome calves ? We must eat, and so must cats. It is a very different thing when we superior creatures take to torturing animals for our amusement, for I am one of those who believe in and act upon the poet's advice- ~1. "
" Never to mix our pleasure or our pride With sorrow of the meanest thing that breathes." I cannot tell Hyacinth whether the squirrel and rabbit will agree in the same hutch, nor can I advise Sniggle about turning his tame rabbit loose in the field. If he cannot keep it, cannot he give it away rather than kill it, as he quietly suggests ? At the same time, 1 fancy it is not always right to turn loose on its own resources a creature that has been bred up in dependence on you for food and shelter. In the same way, though I don't think lilac leaves would hurt Ariel's dove, it seems to me that a bird which could have its choice of green things when at liberty, might take what was injurious to it, when in confinement. Still, as a rule, instinct may be fairly depended upon to guide the creatures. I am afraid Tweedledum's dove, like the canaries of Maggie Croall and Lalla Rookh, having taken to eat its eggs will continue to do so. In the case of hens, the practice may at times be cured by giving them an egg-shell filled with mustard and pepper, which seems to give them a disrelish for eggs. I don't know whether this could be done with smaller birds. Unadilla is rich in pets, but I can't keep singing birds, as they are too noisy sometimes, when one wishes to work. I get music, and conversation too, in ample supply from my parrot. I must not forget here to tell Shaggy Lioness, that canaries will begin to build in February, but should not be put into the breeding cage till warmer weather, say May. They will sometimes build nests and not lay; in fact a solitary bird will build at times if supplied with the materials. I must now wind up as briefly as possible, and dismiss the silkworm question. It appears they are hatched before the mulberry is in leaf, and many correspondents tell me they thrive on young lettuce leaves very well. One or two tell me they have had Japa- nese silkworms, and that they have thriven. I thought they only fed on the Ailanthus tree. Ordinary silkworms' eggs can be bought at Covent Garden. I must thank Edgeler Blake for telling me the cure applied to the leg of a cat that was cut by a rat-trap. It is worth knowing that the best remedy is dropping tincture of myrrh on the wound. And now good-bye till July. .]g'9