PUZZLE PAGES. 381.-CHARADE.
S my first Heodge returned from at dead of the night, But away so much liquor had stowed, That you scarcely had wondered, on seeing his plight, To learn he had strayed from his road. He blundered, and stumbled, and tumbled about, With infinite sorrow and trouble; Each turn of the road plunged him deeply in doubt, To my second appearing as double. At length in the distance a glimmer appeared, The poor wandering wretch to console; He approached, but perceived, as their banquet he neared, In the midst of their revels my whole. He fled-but, alas ! 'twas in vain that he fled- Fast followed that rollicking crew; And though he got home and was snug in his bed, They found him-and nipped black and blue. Next morning a pitiable object to see, He swore that my whole might and main Might pinch him to pieces, and welcome, when he On my first set my second again ! 382.-A PUZZLE WITHOUT A NAME.
He swore that he loved her ; She gave him the mitten;, He sighed-broken-hearted- And went away smitten. And-he loved her, and loved her, and loved her, and loved her, So very much bitten. Then he raved, then he roared, Then he roared, then he raved, Tore his hair and his beard, And was sadly behaved. He was dying, and dying, and dying, and dying, Only by her to be saved. He spent all his money, Rash superfluity I Used up his own and his Mother's Annuity, And to see her, to see her, to see her, to see her, Gave to her handmaiden Handsome gratuity. The maiden announced him, She flew from his sight; Sure never before was So unhappy a wight;
But he stood, and he stood, and he stood, and he stood, On the opposite side of The street all the night. He saw nothing of her, And went raving mad; A poor simple, harmless, But imbecile lad. And he said, " Oh, I love her, I love her, I love her I Tell her I am dying; That I feel very bad." When she heard it she softened. (I'm but a poor rhymer To tell how she flew all The way from Sate-Weimar.) He saw her, and cried out, "My love, oh, my love !" She fell on his neck, and She whispered, " Jim, I'm her !" The riddle is this-let the verses suffice- .T7tat was her name ? I have told it you twice.
PUZZLES. 383. What word is that which excites the saddest and the merriest thoughts? 384. What line of poetry is suggested by a man who has just taken the teetotal pledge ? 385. Why is Amsterdam like a fish? 386. What answer to an inquiry after your health suggests the arrival of a dandy ? 387. What fish does a young wife-or an old one either-like best? 388. When does a cook change her profession? 389. What sort of refreshment is indicated by the playful shriek of a pretty woman ? 390. What sport resembles young ladies gossiping ? 391. By what characteristic feature do we generally recognise Winter? 392. When does, our parish clerk talk bad English ? 393. What is the difference between the suc- cessful defender of persecuted innocence and one who is rather defective in grammar ? 394. What is the most elevating condition of society ? SUGGESTIVE SITUATIONS. 395. A pig gazed with intelligent eye on the seven wise men of Greece, and suggested the probable fate of itself and its posterity. 396. The crowned heads of Europe in angry dispute suggest a well-known site in the metro- polis. 397. Volunteers at target practice suggestive of a well-lmown inquiry in Shakspeare. 398. A sour-tempered man using improper language suggests something nice when the sweets come on. 399.-ENIGMA. To you I come; you welcome me With anxious, beating heart, At night and morn; your fears I share, Yet often make you start. For though I'm calm within myself, Feel neither griefs nor joys, I (when I bring them unto. you) Can't come without a noise, I speak not, yet long tales I tell : Of love, of law, of debt; Fine weather sees me at your door, So equally doth wet. My face is smug, my white dress smooth, Though much about I'ri tossed; I have no wishes, yet 'tis true I'm very often crossed. I to her Majesty am known, And well indeed should be, . Since she most graciously hath given Her portrait unto me.
Though never betwixt her and me Hath sign or word e'er passed, I cannot move without her aid, She like a friend sticks fast. I come from the red battle-field, I sail across the main; I fly from the Antipodes, And travel back again. There's not a door in Christendom, "Exclusive" though it be, That will not, when my knock it hears, Fly open unto me. There's not a cottage-home so mean, There's not a hut so bare, But I rejoice it when I comeri' And am made welcomethelre. Grief I may bring, yet joy as oft, And thoughts of friendship true. When next I visit at your door May I bring joy to you! ANSWEns TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 457, 458, 459, and 460, Vol. IV.) 353. Lighthouse. 354. Because it's forfeit (four feet). 355. One's a talking wooer, the other a walk- ing tour. 356. Because they are clad in armour. 357. Because he is making a rampart. 358. Because it owes its motion to a current. 359. AnERICA-LINCOLN. AnviL-Muftl- ElysiaN-RoC-IndigO--CoiL-AmeN. 360. 1. Crown Imperial. 2. Prince's Feather. 3. Damask Rose. 4. Satin Flower. 5. Violet. 6. Carnation. 7. Ladies' Ribbon. S. Golden Rod. 9. Lavender. 361. Spendthrift. 362. Archidamus-" Tearless Battle." 363. Dog. 364. Pill-box. 365. Tongue. 366. BUTTERFLIES. 1. Dingy Skipper. 2. Purple Emperor. 3. Comma. 4. Tortoise- shell. 5. Painted Lady. 6. Ringlet. 7. Heath (Large). S. Apollo. 9. Camberwell Beauty. 10. Artaxerxes. 11. Wall. 12. Swallowtail. 13. Blue Adonis. 14. Peacock. 15. Brimstone. 16. Small Copper. 17. Green- veined White. 18. Argus. 19 and 20. Red and White Admirals. 367. " Oh, limid soul I" (sole.)--Hamlet, Act iii., Scene 3. 368. Paper-cutter. 369. Hendon (Heon done). 370. Miltiades-Marathon. 371. Leonidas-Thermopyme.
400.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. A Row in the City-road. -ID 401.-CHARADE
At my first were displayed, in neat array, Glasses, and china, and flowers gay; And the buxom landlady went with a smile, And fetched my second to aid awhile:
For the house was full, the assizes " on," There was hardly a chair to sit upon; And many a bustling, thirsty soul, Gave plenty of work to my overtaxed whole.
402.-PICTORIAL PUZZLE. These two people are making the same remark. What is it? -- __0_.- __ I )' E ". 403.-CHARADE.
Myfirst along my second winds With slow and creaking wheel; The tired horses long for rest, Jehu his evening meal.
The bold deserter dreads my whle, The cause why he must die; And once in Eastern lands it stirred A frightful mutiny.