PUZZLE PAGES.
834.--CHARADE. EEP lies the snow before the door, The air is raw and chill; In garment white the wide-spread moor Is clad, like yonder hill. My whole, by hunger k rendered brave, SHops tamely in and out Beside the doorstep, searching there To find some crumbs about. MIy second throbs with hope and fear: Hope, that a friend is nigh; And fear, that some ungentle hand May drive him forth to die. Iy first is on my second seen, And doth so warmly glow, It seems to cast a rosy gleam Upon the wintry snow. Poor little whole, come fearlessly, And from my hand be fed ! Cold must my second be indeed Ere I will grudge thee bread ! So when the pleasant spring returns, And winter's passed away, Then let me see my second's .first Gleam on the leafy spray I 335.-ENIGMA. I am a word of four letters, two of which are )f no importance, signifying nought. For myself, iam an article of extended use, and worn by a dy, a friar, a snake, a clergyman, a flower, and bird. I gave a surname to a famous archer sho lived about the time of Richard I., and to a )oet of the reign of Victoria. My family is large, hough I am an orphan, for when I go among hem I can count sisters and brothers, maidens aid mothers. I am somewhat addicted to single ie, for I dwell with spinsters; yet I am fond of Sciety, for where a great many neighbours well together you will always find me. I am ather of a monastic turn too, and have patro- lised Biguines and Scours de Charit6, Capuchins Qd Franciscans. Kings and queens favour me, lOwever, when I assume knightly orders, and flourish highest under their protection. Therever I am, I am at least sure of sub-
sistence. In all probability you have seen my like, but even when you find me you may be puzzled, for I often show two faces ! 336.-JAYS IN BORROWED PLUMAGE. I know all you boy-readers of our Magazine are fond of birds, and so I beg those of you that are ornithologically disposed to guess the names of the following birds. They have played the part of the lapwing, and under false pre- tences lure you on away from their real nest; but I dare say you are quite clever enough to trace them home. 1. The bird that crawls. 2. The bird whose mouth is a sort of ladle. 3. The bird that is an apiarian. 4. The bird wearing sable head-gear. 5. The bird that is half bovine. 6. The abrupt bird. 7. The bird that raises weights. 8. The bird that is meadow-fed. 9. The bird that is fond of tangles. 10. The bird given to practical joking. 11. The bird that plays a royal game. 12. The bird that quarrels in darkness. 13. The bird that mounts unusually high pattens. 14. The bird that gossips with pebbles. 15. The bird that angles for monarchs. 16. The schoolboy's bird. 17. The bird that presides over our meals. 18. The bird that is a cereal. 19. The bird whose throat is askew. 20. The bird that is a pink clergyman. 21. The bird that attends to your lawn. 22. The bird armed with a spade. 23. The bird that exhibits an ill-tempered mouth. 24. Everybody's bird. If you are so obtuse that you cannot find out the proper names of these members of our feathered friends, I shall call to your aid, lastly- 25. The quickest bird of all; and 26. The bird that was once a conjurer ! 337.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A subtle notion gendered in the brain; The dew of pity, tender mortal rain; A substance acids strive against in vain; A fair young girl in Scotia's precincts now; What links two oxen in an ancient plough. These letters formed in order will devise A country famed for bright and azure skies. My second is the hope her children hold That she shall spring as glorious as of old; And both together are the watchword proud Her noblest champion then will speak aloud.
83S.-ENIGMA. I am a word of two letters, a preposition, and one of extensive use, but when the letters of the alphabet in their turn assist me I am great indeed. The second ranks me among the night- wanderers, a link between birds and animals, and teaches me at the same time to play a noble English game. The.third incorporates me with the feline race, and makes me an instrument of punishment. The sixth fashions me after Fal- staff's figure, the perquisite of the cook; and retail article of marine stores. The eighth turns me into straw, felt, and beaver, silk, plush, and velvet, surmounting me with insects, flowers, feathers, birds, and buckles. The thirteenth constructs me from wool, beads, silk, cocoa-fibre, rope, reed, rushes, flags, 'worsted, leather, and paper. The sixteenth gives me an Irish nickname, and sets me to make up butter. The eighteenth once more introduces me to Natural History as one of the Rodents who came over with the Conqueror. The nineteenth shows that I have been resting. The twentieth takes me a double round with the postman, and teaches me an old-fashioned style of fancy work. The twenty-second.feeds me with various kinds of wine, cheese of all sorts, not forgetting cream cheese, and beer, ale, stout, porter, and bitter Bass. With all this change, however, I do not con- sider my existence sufficiently varied, so I take to my aid the next on the list, celebrating his advent by a cup between us of the liquor " that cheers but not inebriates," and likewise re- cording the fact that we have eaten together. Then we again take a walk down Alphabet-row, when the second letter, in spite of my added strength, now lessens us. The third changes us into a delicate dainty. The fourth inscribes the year we flourish in, and converts us into a luscious fruit. The sixth hands us over to the Three terrible Sisters, who. stand round with distaff, spindle, and shears, and recommends us to publish our transactions with Catnach and take a royalty from every gipsy. The seventh turns to wood and iron, and makes us a transparent door for the human race. The eighth bids us go back to the time of Adam, to repent our deeds from Cain downwards. The eleventh tells us we are but shrewishly disposed, and own several viragoes; but we deny this, and reply that our distinguishing characteristic is royalty, as we have given sovereigns to other countries besides England. The twelfth hinders us from keeping any appointment, or being punctual to any time. The thirteenth reminds us that the 14th of February is our saint's day, on which birds and men seek us alike. The
fourteenth renders us the form in which Iris Paddy best likes' to take a "dhrop of th cratur." The sixteenth converts as into th part damaged by the famous roll down-hill o Jack and Jill. The eighteenth makes as ob noxious to all tenants, inhabitants, and pa rishioners, renders us subject to the bills o mortality and population, and hastens eves thing in a most alarming::manner. The nine teenth only records the flet that'we were one in a state of repose; andithe twenty:fifth fixe our habitation in a large village in Gloucester shire. And now, in fact, if you can't find u out, you will run the gauntlet of all theolosin games at chess with whichiwe are associated, 339.-CHARADE. Yes, 'tis a noble portrait, Nell ! My whole, with gloomy grace, Lie where the polished armour-plates Are gleaming through the lace. My father was an Ironside, A rebel to his king; His daughter's heart, a traitor too, Against his will, did cling To yonder gallant cavalier: -My first to him was plighted; My second, by my father's will, Still kept us disunited; Till better days at length drew near, And at the Restoration, Lord Rupert saved my father's lands From fine and sequestration. By our long patience won at last, My father blessed my first; It sprang into a goodly growth, Though once in secret nursed. MIy second now alone kept guard O'er store-room,. chest, and cellar; Myfirst shed radiance round our home And in it, on each dweller. My whole long since were laid at rest In yonder churchyard lowly, But, oh I myfirst's immortal rays Still shrine their memory solely Well, draw the curtain gently, Nell; Myfirst was truly plighted; Death's hand will ope my second yet, And we shall be united. CONUNDRUMS. 340. Why is a good schoolmasterlike the eryc 341. Why is a frustrated scheme like a cigare 342. Why is a country bumpkin at the court of the Tuileries like a mackerel cast ashore upon the Land's End ? 343. If you were to hear a gun fired off, why are you like a man who has just been told of some rumour?
344.-ENIGMA. Iam spelt m four letters, a very small word, n ,hiech only three of them seem to be heard. Idoe on the tree, on the bush, on the flower, On the top of the cedar, the midst of the bower. Iam gold, I am silver, I'm black and I'm white, las tinged with all colours you see 'neath the light. Iam thick, I am thin, I am narrow- or broad, Ism met on the river, the meadow,+the road. The steam monsterlonows me, devours me too, Bat disgorges his victim once more'toitheview.i ham pure as the,sowere his mandate I see, His fiat decideseohat myfnture-shalllbe : Whether freightedwVith evil, to darkencandl spoil,i And plant seeds of discord in innocent soil, Orgifted with:blessing to teach and to spread The highest and.holiest knowledge instead. I'm the lungs of the;flant, of the herb, of'the tree, From their earliest growth they inspire through me. As I lourish or sicken they grow or decay, Though their purpose endures when mine passes away. Iam flat, I am oblong, I'm broad, or I'm round, I'm riddled to lace-work or scalloped around. I have veins though no heart, I have ribs though no bones; f've a skin of all colours, all shades, and all tones. TFen you ask friends to dinner you're often not able To seat them unless I am, too, at the table ! i you can't find me out, I must really suppose You are blind to the things that are under your 0ose. 345.-ENIGMA. Iam a word of six letters, a noun, and my rommencement and end are the same. Cut me in half, and spell my last three letters, and you :ll pronounce my whole. My first syllable is a plant by name, and a letter by -sound. My second is manufactured in -iron, glass, wood,' end clay, and used for 'conitining iliquids and solids, sweets and sours. Xyfirstiis:amnatieofi China, my second a cosmopolite. :My second ai scent, and also an old-fashioned sweet.dish. Ily first is manufactured sometimesifrom:cow-, sips, violets, marshmallows, 'elder Iblossoms,; and linseed. My second :eatshes Dish in river or sea, and protects your dchimneys. It makes your coffee, preserves your meats, whether fish, flesh,or fowl,holds your geraniums and fuchsias, ~d waters your flowers. It makes soup or broth, boils and stews, holds molten metals and pomatum. When you drop. in on a friend to take a chance dinner, my second divides it with you. Finally, my whole presides over your morning and evening meals.
340.-DOUBLE AC1ROSTIC. The shelter humblest peasants share with kings; The termination of a score of things; The stony mouth devouring ripened grain; A belted noble o'er a fair domain. lMyfirst is throned upon her seven hills ; My second more than once has wrought her tills. Myfirst asks, " Must it be? are you assured 7" 'y;mezt replies, " My.advent is-secured !" 347.-CHARADE. -My first:is what mysecondl was, As,qicly Vill appear; My t2iole is-found near many a mouth, Arild finds.an entrance there. ANswyns To (C nARADEs, &c. (Pages 181, 182, 183 and 184.) 297. Madam. 298. Cup-board-Cupboard. 299. England. 300. Lap-pet-Lappet. 301. 1. Origi-nation. 2. Assassi-nation. 3. Nomi-nation. 4. Imagi-nation. 5. Peregri- nation. 6. Divi-nation. 7. Conster-nation. 8. Procrasti-nation. 9. Indig-nation. 10. Fasci- nation. 11. Domi-nation. 12. Extermi-nation. 13. Rumi-nation. 14. Alie-nation. 15. Coro- nation. 16. Illumi-nation. 17. Stag-nation. 18. Condem-nation. 19. Determi-nation. 20. Exami-nation. 21. Vacci-nation. 22. Germi- nation. 23. Recrimi-nation. 21. Combi-nation. 25. Termi-nation. 302. Larkspur. 303. Cockscomb. 304. AMonkshood. 305. Harebell. 306. Cowslip. 307. ,Foxglove. ,308. rthnR-LedfagE-BeeF-I 0 U-Ob- iloG--4NinE. .,AraION. REFUGE. :,309. ;Baldlilava 310. LCornnna. 311: Bleriheim. ,312. .Agincourt .313. Waterloo. 314. Austerlitz. 315. Lady-bird-Ladybird. 316. The vowels A, E, I, O, U. 317. " Littore puppes" (Littery puppies).-- 1irgil's "'Eneid," lib. vi., 1. 902. 318. Temp. - Helots-Apamea - Sappho- Sophocles. HECATOE1PYLOS. 319. Cannon-row. 320. Erasmus. 321. Colbert.
348.-PUZZLING PARTS OF SPEECH-FOURI PICTURED PAARTICIpLL. I I I I ; i I 1 , , I SI I , I . I-C 1I I %Z ý I _ ý/ t - - Ir . III 89CAD i 349.--CHARADE.
My whole' a word of letters five, I'm found both far and near; Behead me, and I am a sound That strikes upon the ear. My tail cut off, a weight now comes, Most useful to mankind; rehead again, my tail replace, A unit you will find.
Curtail once more, and I am left A very little word; A preposition sometimes found, An adverb often heard. '" Behead me now, my tail clap on, And then I think you'll find That I abound in man and beast And also in mankind.
350.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE-A HIGHWAY NEAR RICHMOND. -~ CONUNDRUMS. 351. Why is a uan who asserts his riht to a certain letter of the alphabet like one.l calls out? I 352. Why is a xnua walking o ow p over a deep river like a traveller by train L.i~Y 7;