Z~Z~'E 'PA'G;EBS 4'7L-GKARAD ;
" -.rrY gadllaity forth saiied'she, :i My beautifiilfirst, on a'summet sea'; / ' 'She spread'her wings as a'liird niight do S re it'soars aloft in the sky so blue; Pennonlaný streamer 'wereluttering gay, 'Twas her-maiden voyage- on her-ocean way. The breezes'whispered and murmured soft In streamer and sail as they passed aloft, And the wavelets rippled.in haste to throw A shower of jewels around her prow. 'Ocean and air their welcome gave With gentle' breeze and with quiet wave, .And seemed to say, " How fair is she, This youngest daughter of the sea I" And yell did she speed o'er the pathless main, Till she went on her homeward way again. Many a day of storm did she brave As she gallantly breasted the ocean wave That rippled no 'longer, but fiercely broke 'With its deep hoarse roar on her planks of oak. No breeze sighed soft, but through sail and "Where is my first ?"-but no answer gave shroud Either balmy zephyr or lapping wave. The wind's shrill whistle came 'long and loud, It is left'to the rocky shore to tell Till with one fierce roar of the 'stormy blast, In record mute how my whole befell, The'terrible tempest came at last ! Byriven plank, and fragment of mast, The.foaming billows, like beasts of prey, When my first as myisecond was on it cast; Leap'd on myfirst and bore her away And, sadder still, in each cold, drenehd To the reef of doom, that so grimly beckoned, form, And my beautiful first has become my second. The human victims of that .wild storm, The morning dawns,'and the breeze is balm, Many an orphan's and widow's wail The sky issazure, the sea is calm ' Shall echo the truth of that mournful tale, As an infant's brow that has sunk to rest And shuddering sailors will long remember In smiling sport on its mother's breast. My terrible whole that 'dark'November I 472.-ENIGMA. I am a French word of two letters, the con- Another makes me into toils and trn sonant being mute. for all kinds of prey, human as well One letter makes me a gambling transaction. animal. Another turns me into a verb which is an ac- Another exalts me into the beloved favouti quisitive one. of all. Another changes me into an ornamental sub- Another makes me into a certain number stance used by jewellers, usually valued on articles. account of its light weight, and devoted as an Another renders me the very opposite emblem of woe. dryness. Another makes me what all landlords of And the last describes what still is; ande houses are desirous of for their property. presses you if you have not guessed this, Another puts me into the past tense of a "puzzled * * *." meeting.
73,-QUEER QUERnIES aFOR nTHEai _IZZICAL. 1. Whatisjit `th ? one, two, three, and even legs, anDiayf ;td yet the;last is never liar noddingf osio n g, and'the.frsitnieverS ha single _step seetley-werefirst created? at is t ~tehas n9o head and yet possesses arge5 rounouniqth fht is always open, that e iooasiedlly bt is always silent when e4,{hasino haEilh d tohelpitself to'food, and eyeslto see what it :eats ? 3. What has an eye that is not required for It, which has neither ,pupil, iris, nor ball, Sis always without,a lid,? 4. What is it that has an ear never used for toning, a leaf 'that never .grew on plant or ee, that possesses sheets never used.on a bed, d that is usuallykeptin .fetters ? What is it that has aface lacling eyes, nose, d mouth; wheels,.but .o carriage to ride in; ains not intended for ornaments; weights, - no scales to use them with; hands that ve no fingers; and that never comes up stairs, ough it is perpetually running down.? 74, (REBUS. Iam a woko4ftw.yelletters, ut if you have: l enonugh ~to arraoge ,me rightly I will give imore thgn ;twicee twlve meanings, as well0 my entiresignigfication. My 1, 11, 4, 3 de- ribhs whpattheilabpurer is worthy of ; my 12, 5,9 giveyou a gonvenient dish; my 1, 3, 4 pronounn; ngy 2,,; 6 a useful animal; my 7, ,9 a paittof,ithe mouth; my 12, 5, 6 a bit. a wheel,; any 91,5, 9,.3 What Pandora dis- vered last:; my 7, ~5, 4, 3 a treasury of in-. ruction; my 4,. .5, :9, 3 what ladders are metimes made of ; my 7, 5, 6 .a ship's diary; yl, 5, 9 a plant possessing tonic properties; y 12, 1, 5, 2 4 is a part of a church; my 10, '9 the seed-vessel of the wild-rose; my 6, 5, 3 a wound from an animal's horn; my 7, 8, 3 an ancient instrument of music; my 12, 1, ,9 a splinter of wood; my 1, 5, 7, 3 is an ice; my 5, 10 an interjection in 'frequent e; my 2, 4,.3 is wrath itself ; my 12, 5, 4, 3 the heart of the matter; my 12, 1, 11, 7, 2 famous for hot pickles; my 9, 5, 4, 3 is all er your body; my 10, 5, 7, 8 is sanctified; Y 5, 4, 3 is metal in its rough, primitive con-
Ilition;. my4;, 11, 6 is a vulgar term for a riotous revel; my 7, 3, 6 is a very necessary part of your body; my 9, 2, 6 is the namedof a domestic animal, and also a .trat e'termifor a mass of metal; ,:2,7, 3 ft ylofty eap; my 9, 3, 6 serves 4o ,sang yopr a t on; y4A , ,2, 12, 3 is a ntritips ,grai;m y6, 7,n 4,i8 ais the bed eoldierse a aspposedy o die on; n1, finally, mysjchpW esi, i ehe.ei-ious tions. If yoxu onlay; Qdepq ao ,h you will .finatline in .the ocean, a i n:>a'ato be met with,be ides, in every brook, stream, and waterfall in the ,world. .I am one of the necessaries of your existence, although, of course, I am varied ac- cording to your different forms of ,civilisation. I furnish you with no leowof the luxuries of life, as in the shape of oysters, strawberries, corals, coals, and mushrooms,., wich all come -from me. I am to be met with in every .garden, whether in town or country,and am impartially addicted to.vegetables or flowers. Thegeologist explores ne .in every direction,,and reads me like a book. Sometimes I incline tofeathers, although I neither fly nor am given to vain attire; at other times dried heather or fern branches serve my purpose. I am often spare, though not necessarily thin, and may be para- .doxically said to haveo¢ten;afldk, althongh'I !am only single. I must admitiioneohtase of ibeing I am eminently disagreebley, 'for .;wo- cever has met with me whendilevote Ito; nettles, bears an unpleasant memory,.of nme ever after. . m: not at all inclined :to -soar aibitiously, .but you, will only occasiondllyfind ;me down. I Iam,~ometimes addicted ,to ;mechanics, and then:yog will find me full of spiings. Children do notdillingly court my society;, ;they struggle vigorously against being brought`to~mone young pceople don't value me as ;they shoiilt;, but ithe aged anpdthe sick hail me asitheir bestearthlly comfort and friend I ANswLns TO CIHARADE, &c. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 460. Toadstool. 461. Pie. 462. GAIlBALDI IN CAPRERA. Genii-Afri. caN-RuniC-IndiA--BumP-ArmouR-LifE -DovoeR-IvicA. 463. Courtship. 464. "Hold you the watch to-night ?" 465. LONDON-THAMES. LasT--OstricH-- NaphthA--DooMd-OusE--NautilnS.
476.-PICTORIAL !PROVERB. 477.-CHARADE. "Our king has set his royal foot "Go, fill my leathern second high, On Scotia's inspired land; And broach the oldest ale, 'Tis time his eager followers flew And bid my vassals drink success To join his conquering band. To the rose.whose hue is pale !" I'll go to pay him homage first, My second's leathern sides were wet To the Stuart lineage true, Full many times that day For my lands I hold by a custom old, As the baron hastily donnecmyfirst, Which I am resolved to do I" And rode with his mn away. Said the Baron of Bradwardine, For the Baron of Bradwardine As he pulled on with lofty mien Bore a proud and lofty mien, My first, and took out Though his servants were few, His old broadsword so stout, And his gold scanty too: That so little of service had seen I You had never supposed so, I ween.
The fated day arrives full soon; In times of tempest we must trim Charles Edward takes his stand Our helm to every breeze; To welcome well each gallant chief So the chevalier with a patient grace That comes to swell his band.; Submits the whim to please. And courteous words are.on his lip, .With fussy form and state absurd To suit each.different.ear, The baron my whole doth bring, As the faithful fewv,.to his father true, And draws the boot from the prince's The Stuart prince drew near. As his hoage to his king. Then the Baron of Bradwardine, Oh, ,who could be prouder, I ween, With a terribly pompous mien, Than the Baron of Bradwardine, Claims his homage to do Ass he strutted aund bowed To his sovereign-the feu- Through the tittering crowd, Dal observancie rigihthas be' ! S - Phile my iwlole in his hand was seen