PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
ILGRIMS of Puzzled om, please to take your , staves, and don your cock 1 e-hats, for we are about to start _I on our journey for another year. I begin this month with an em- blematical il- luminated ini- tial, in conse- quence, which those of my little friends Tf who have so often expressed a wish to have some drawing given them to do, may like to copy and colour. Perhaps it will be as well if I explain what I mean by calling it emblematical. Well, down at the bottom of the P is the scallop, or pilgrim's shell. On one side of it is the cornucopia, or horn of plenty, from which I hope to draw amusement for you for the future. On the other side is a web carefully spun by the spider-and I am the spider, who have to weave the puzzles every month. Above the web is a flower growing out of a tiny little seed, to show how difficult puzzles can be built upon tiny beginnings. I have a plant in my garden, by-the-bye, nearly twice as tall as I am, and very bushy and big, and it has grown in a few months out of a little hemp-seed thrown out of the parrot's cage. How wonderful to think of that big thing being packed away in that wee brown parcel! But to go on with our initial ;-opposite the plant, is a swallow, who, as you know, is a great pilgrim. Higher up the P you will find a caterpillar, a chrysalis, and a butterfly, to show how-just as the first goes through its changes till it becomes the last-words seem to alter their form and meaning for the purposes of Puzzledom, which strange land is typified in the' quaint leaves and flowers which form the P. In the bow of the P is a fancy portrait of one of my Puzzledom pilgrims, in the proper attire. You will see he wears his large hat with a cockle-shell stuck in it, to be used to scoop up water to allay his thirst. Then he has his staff with a
hook to it, on which is hung his gourd or drinking-bottle; and his scrip, or wallet for food, is slung across his shoulders. Now that we are beginning our Puzzledom pilgrimage afresh, we must go over the rules again, and I must beg my little friends to attend to them strictly, especially as there are to be prizes this year. The rules are :- i. To write on one side of the paper, sign- ing your name to each separate sheet. 2. To send in the essays in prose and verse each on separate sheets, properly signed. (I prefer to have the answers to the other puzzles, such as charades, acrostics, picture language and proverbs, not each on separate sheets, but all if possible on one.) 3. To write the answers in the same order as the puzzles, putting A. B. C. etc., before each, to correspond with the puzzles. 4. To send the answers so that they reach the office not later than the i6th of each month. I shall have to adhere strictly to this rule now. Some of my little friends are very careless in this respect, and forward their answers long after my " Puzzledom " for the next month has gone to the printers. Let me beg my pilgrims to read these rules carefully, and to attend to them strictly in future every month. It won't do to carry them out next month, and then forget all about them as time goes on; though I fear after the novelty has worn off a bit, some of my young folks will prove the truth of the proverb (- (A.) Jvv·!t
It seems to me that autumn is going to be :very short this year; for we have had a taste of winter already in the shape of a frost, :'that nipped up a good many tender things in the garden, and killed my poor peacock, who had been for some time past suffering from rheumatism. There are of course plenty of signs of coming winter in the country. In London there are three which I always notice particularly ;-the muffin-bell, the bunches of sweet lavender, and strongest of all, the whiff of burning charcoal from the chesnut- dealer's tin. So that by hearing, seeing, and smelling, one learns that the season of sun- shine and flowers has gone by. I must :honestly confess I do not like winter very much. It is pleasant to have a fire, it is true, but now-a-days that is an expensive luxury; and as far as the fire is concerned, I think I could sit by one in the height of summer, looking at the faces and the land- scapes in it, changing every minute, as the cinders tumble in with a tinkle, or when some energetic puff of gas bursts into a flare as if it thought it were in a butcher's shop on a Saturday night. Of course you little folks like the snow- balling and sliding and skating, but I have passed the happy age when I did not mind a cold snowball in my neck, and not being skilful on the ice I am rather too tall to tumble on it with unmixed comfort, and I do not like the taste that comes into your mouth when you fall on the back of your head Jn the ice-as I generally used to do-it is so like sucking bad halfpence. Suppose we anticipate winter in a (B.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A busy scene this wintry day, The ice with merry crowds is gay. Here in long line, one after one, With shout and laugh the urchins run, Then o'er the glistening pathway shoot At rapid pace in swift pursuit; While others on the ringing steel Glide, circle, figure, turn, and wheel. a. Your slippery slime Reveals your crime, And here you are in the lettuce's heart. Creepy crawler, prythee depart ! 2. There's a morning hymn close up to the sky, And a twinkle of light that gleams on high ; And that is the bird, Whose song is heard.
3. There the yellow tiger prowls, There the foul hyena howls, There the elephant sagacious Wanders through his jungles spacious. You can tell me now mayhap, What its name is on the map. 4. If you wish to mind your "i," With the rule you must comply, Which will also tell you, please, How you ought to take your " t "s. 5. Many an acre of meadow and wood, Many a rood of ploughland good, Belong to our wealthy squire, I wis; It's all his own and he calls it this ! Unluckily our climate does not always allow of outdoor games, and it is very difficult sometimes in winter to find something to do by way of a pastime. If you have a play- room or nursery, or a hall, of course you can indulge in this : (C.) But supposing there is no place big enough, or that you must not make a noise, then what is to be done ? Well, there are some quiet amusements. I can remember two young people whose father was a literary man and an invalid, and was therefore obliged to have quiet; so they used to sit on opposite sides of the room and quarrel in dumb show by making faces at each other. I have it on good authority that the boy had in reserve one grimace so maliciously tri- umphant that it always finished the mute dispute by driving his sister to tears. I cannot commend this sort of pastime to my little friends, for it was not pretty, and I don't think even that boy quite enjoyed it, for he had a belief that if the wind changed while he was making that face he would " be struck so," and he did not want to go through life with that unamiable expression. But I can recommend a very quiet if rather com- plicated game. You must guess what its name is :--
(D.) Now, I am going to give you a new kind of puzzle, which is called a logogriphe, though I cannot tell why, or what the word is supposed to mean. In a logogriphe a word is taken and the number of its letters given, the letters being then used to form other words. For example I will take the word f I 2345 d and the puzzle will be in this form, except that I give the answer in each line to show you the meaning:- I am a word of five letters, and am generally seen on a man's face [i.e. beard]. My r, 3, 4, occurs at the mouth of a river [i.e. bar]. My 4, 3, 5, is a political nickname [i.e. rad]. My 3, 4, 2, is part of the verb to be [i.c. are]. And so on. Well, now I will give you a (E.) LOGOGR!PHE. I am a word of six letters, and mean part of plants or trees. My 3, I, 2, is a beverage. My i, 5, 2, a place sheltered from the wind. My 6, 5, 3, the ocean. My 4, 3, 1, 5, a low-lying locality. My 6, 5, 3, I, a stamp. My I, 5, 3, a meadow. My 5, 4, 2, the close of day. My 4, 2, 3, I, a delicate meat. My 3, 4, 2, a Latin salutation. My 2, 5, 1, a fish. My I, 3, 4, 2, to wash. My 6, 3, +, 2, to rescue. My 4, 3, 6, 2, an ornamental vessel. My 6, 3, 1, 5, an auction. My 5, I, 6, 2, otherwise. My 5, i, 4, 2, 6, fairies. Mly 5, 3, 4, 2, 6, part of a roof. lMy 5, 3, 6, 2, comfort. My I, 5, 3, 4, 2, to depart. My i, 5, 3, 6, 2, an agree- ment. And my 6, i, 3, 4, 2, a bondsman. In answering this, by-the-bye, you must remember to give me not only the word it-
self, but the list of words formed by the different letters of it, as for instance in the one I gave you as an example you would put--BEARD :-bar, rad, are, etc. There will be no difficulty when once you have the key. Talking of keys, I wonder whether you can tell me the meaning of this :- (F.) After that bunch is disposed of, suppose we see what you can make of another " Pro- verb in Rhyme." I think you must all know, and I am sure you will all highly approve of the sentiment conveyed in (G.) A PROVERB IN RHYME. The sky is all aflame with morning gold ; Yonder the reaper to his work is hieing; And, see, the shepherd seeks the bleating fold, Where no young lamb but, to its dam re- plying, Leaps in its play, with care and shelter bold. And see the river, where such circles make The leaping jack and pike, so early feeding, And, lo, a fishing holiday to take, For once dull tasks and lesson-books un- heeding Comes a glad boy, at earliest dawn awake. While you are puzzling over that proverb, I dare say you would not mind having a little fruit. Very well, then, here I will give you a dish of
SOMETHING AND A FRUIT. i. A box-and a fruit. 2. Three-fourths of the side of a house- and a fruit. 3. A sturdy little nag-and a fruit. 4. A mist, a liquid-and a fruit. 5. A shingly shore-and a fruit. 6. Earth-and a fruit. 7. Two partnerships-and a fruit. 8. Three-fourths of a donkey's remark, a terminal letter, two thirds of mishap-and a fruit. : You remember what I said about the great big hemp plant being so wonderfully packed away in the little brown seed, just now. Suppose I give you a puzzle about something of a similar kind. (I.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. When the little squirrels craunch This upon the gnarly branch ; They devour the navies staunch Which posterity should launch. i. Pa will sometimes this provide That the little ones may ride. 2. If you've much of this, we'll thank You to send it to the bank. 3. Often in historians' works By this name are called the Turks. 4. This to do, the labourer's fain In the fields of ripened grain. 5. If you've guessed what you have read, Then you hit these on the head. Now I really think the puzzles are not so very difficult this month. It wouldn't do to have them so easy that everybody can guess them, or we might as well give the answers with them at once. After this I have nothing to do but to give the solutions, and the list of successful guessers. SOLUTIONS. A.-Spring and Fall. B.-Going black-burying (blackberrying). C.-Proverb in Rhyme :-East or West home is best. D.-Goose-berry, black-berry, rasp-berry, mul-berry,, bil-berry, elder-berry, dew- berry, cran-berry, bar-berry, straw-berry, sloe-berry, w, hurtle-berry.
E.-W in D, s, bee, g in 2, h, owl, at, knight, Leaves, r, fall in G, down, Earl I, Eve, n in G, steels, the, light, Wood S, and, D ales, G row, brow, n. Winds begin to howl at night, Leaves are falling down, Early evening steals the light, Woods and dales grow brown. F--Plums, Pears :-Pip, Love, Una, Mirror, Seeds. G. -Lemon, reverse the first three letters and you get melon. H--Night jar; sand-mar-tin; wind-o (w)- swallow; Petti-chaps; stone-curl-u (ew); sand-paper; Land-rail; Fly-catch-er (r); well-oh !- (w) ren; wheat-ear; Turtle- dove; (k) night-in (n)-gale. I.-F o'er W, o'er ND, is, 4 armed. Forewarned is fore-armed. For IC L. M. N. see answers. Although I thought I had given very easy puzzles this month, nobody has guessed all correctly. I must begin, therefore, with the list of those who were partially successful :-- Bertram and Amy, A F G I; Polly, B !) CG M. S., A B C D F G // I; Carolus, A C I) IF II; Mabel E. Valmnisley, B C F I; Maggie Croall, A B 1D G I; Beatrice Woods, B I) E G; Aggie Wylie, A B C G 1; Pcrchde and Tip, B G F; Mary Paul, C F G; Waldemar Chingachgook, 1) G; Zita, F G; Dorothy Dumps, B; Constance and Amy, 1 B C D IF G I; Sallie, Dolly, and Kit, B C F C; Fuzwig, A B E G I; Celestine, ) G; Shrimp, A B C I ; Edith Lack, A B C 1)l ; A. Wilson, A B C D F, G ; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stan- ton, A B C D G I; Louie, BC F (; I; E. Sichel, i 1) C I; M. T., A ; Lilium lancifolium rubrum, A B C D I'; S. I. E. D., AB 1; Frisky, A.l C F 1; Wilhelhn and Augusta. A C G; Amy and Jessie Herbert, B C 1 F (; I: Toby, B D F G I; Ethel Hungerford, A B C; Hecla, A B C D E G I; Effie, A B C; Alfred Trimble, AS H : 1. Upton, A B CE F (; K. Stanley Flint, A B D G; 1Puzzled, BC SI; Kitten, A C E(; ; Sissie Miles, B C G 1 ; Cyn:rcies, D 2F7; Teacup and Teaspoon, A B ) ; Ayacanora and Frank. F; The Baird, A B C D F I; Flora and Aurora, 1 C ) (; I" I; Sib l'oneson, A B G I; Griss and Tiffrywee,- I C D F G I Amelia SuermoRat, A C F G ; D. EIarnshauw, 1 B I) I' H /; Bessie, AB C I; Louisa Sarah, A I' C 1)'(; I // : Primrose, A B D F 'G II; Edith and Nellie Stevens, ) F G; La Senorita, B 1); J. A. lM., B C C / ; Sintram and Oscar, B ; Tarquin and Trumpeter, BI C I G II 1 ; Wallic E. Judd, A BD I1, G /II; Effie and Abby,A B C 1) &'G(; II I; Thedi. Daymora, and Tibcer, A B F; Paiulina, C D F G; Janie H., BCD F G ; Lillie Mi., B F; Bessie Pienmock, A F'; Mary Blanche Hayward, A B C 1; Penmoroa, B C D G I; L. L. Nicholls, A F C I; Little Snodgrajs,.4 A C G; M. S. S., M l B C G 1; Katie and Mary, A 1 C I" G I; Alice, Kitty, and Nelly, B F' CG 1 I; John, Eddie, Francis, and Charlie, B G; W. and C. Eyres, B C D F (; H; Pendragon, A B Cl) (; 1; Florence Annie Snell, B C G; Tweedledumn, Bi C I) 1/; G. I). S., A BI)FG ; Marion Leslie, A B ) C ; Jumping Jeho- saphat, .4 B D F C I/; Noah and his Family, I) F; F. and F. Puntsman, B I; Nellie Macdonald. A B C F C ( ; Tommy Bogey, AB C G I; Guess Why? A C ) 1BC (F ; W. and J Thomson, AB F G III ; Prince Oistravieff, 1 B C I) F (; Bacchi. B F G I ; . A. P., A BCD) FL G I; Elsie S., ( D) (; H I ; Laura Marie Jackson, A 1B C D; Claribel and Connie, A B C 1) F," G; Sydney Gimson, A BC G C I/; Alice and Florence Humphreys, B I G I; Jessie M., B1 G ; ayleaf, A ; Beatrice Ethel Nightingale, G; Lenore, A B C F G 11 1; Hetty Comber, B V; Aubrey and Beatrice, A B C 1) F I; Amy, A BC D) I G I; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, B F ( H I; Lualabinetta, F; Francesca, A B 1) F (;: Florence Jewell, BC D F G I; Innes, A C ) C I; Kittenns, A 1; C CG I; Padishall I)oodam, A, 1D C G : Annie J. Taylor, A G ; MI. F. D)., A D (; C: Ellen Llewellyn, I C D F G: Minnie and Pheenie, BG 1; Winifred Sullivan, A B C 1) F G : .ilibulero, A B C ) (D I; Charity, A ; C 1) F G II; W. Sutherland. (;: May Tatum, A B C D) (;; The Graces, B F; Claude Lowc, A I D G ; Ella and Mlissy, ID I" G: Mary Henrietta, .-A (C"
D F G; Max Kroomer, A B C D F G HII; Clara and Herbert, A B'CDG H I; J. A. F. AM., A B F G; Weathercock, BC G I; Emily Kate, ABD FG;J. Forbes, BCD FGI; Mary Mlaud Paget, A B CE SI; A Juvenile, A C ; Wilhelmina, AB D F G; Lawrence, B G; H. S. T. V. T., B F G; Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice Baldwin, A B C F G; MAilly Dutton, A B D; Pussie, A B C D F G I; Constance Gant, BD F G I; Herbert Dicksee, B G; T. C. Hughes, A B C D F G H I; Madge, C G; Edith Harris, A D F G HI; Euphan Maxwell, BCDG I; Jim, A BG: N. Henricka, A BCD F G; Jump- ing Jack, A BCD G I; Suise, A B C D F C H; Little Nell, F G; Alice Freemantle, F G; Christina McDiarmid, D G; Punch and Judy, A B F. The prose essay (K) "A Real Adventure," has brought in a large supply, and as a rule the stories are well told. It is impossible to class them, because in some cases a very small adventure is so well told, and in other cases the facts themselves are of a striking character. The Three L.'s story of three naughty children, meaning themselves, is capi- tally related; and I like the spirit and tone of Beatrice Wood's essay, who I hope will recover her kindly feeling towards the poor little mice she was so kind to. Besides these I have had commendable essays from Katie without May, Tip; Perchie and Tip; Fuzwi.g; M. Paterson-Pussy; Ayacanora Leigh; Sib Boneson; S. J. E. D.; Lilium Lancifolium; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Edith Lask; Penmorva ; L. L. Nicholls; Pendragon; Tommy Bogey; Marion Les- lie; Christina McDiarmid; Nevers; Bea- trice Nightingale; Minnie and Pheenie; Madge; M. F. B.; Edie and Nellie B.; and Luise. Some of my little folks spun out their adventures at too great length; others related them so badly that they had no interest. But altogether their success is such that I must try and think of some similar subject to give them. But what forgetful young people you are ! You won't write your essays on separate bits of paper; you will write on both sides; and you often forget to sign your papers. If I could only get you to see what an amount of trouble this carelessness gives me, I think- you would take some pains to be correct. I must give the palm for (L) original verse, to Tommy Bogey. AUTUMN. The Autumn crowned her nut-brown hair With wreaths of golden grain, While mellow fruits, so ripe and fair, Were carried in her train. " Fair sister Summer !" then she cried, " Give place, I pray, to me." The Summer rose, and gently sighed, " It grieves me thus to flee.
"But thou'lt complete the work begun; The flow'rs I've nursed will grow To useful fruits beneath thy sun. This thought me cheers-I go." 'Tis ever thus, throughout the year Each season has its round; With Autumn's ripened harvest ear Is Summer's beauty crowned. I classify the other competitors as fol- lows :- Ist Class :-Francesca; Margaret. 2nd Class :-A. E. H.; W. A. P.; H. E. F. and F. Upton; Emily Kate. 3rd Class:- Madge; Nevers; Louie; Pendragon ; Luise. The commended are Alice G. Humphreys; A. Wilson; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Minnehaha; Sib Boneson; Mary Blanche Hayward; Little Dorrit; Mabel E. Walmisley; Kitten; Charley; Alice (Free- mantle). A little friend who began her lines "All nature droops in sweet decay" would have taken a high place if she had attended to the rules, but she wrote on both sides of the paper, and put (A,) and (N) on the back of (L); and what was worse, she did not put her name to it. I don't quite understand what Sintram and Oscar mean by sending me as original, the lines about Marian which I quoted at the beginning of last Puzzledom. In (As) Unwedded Rhymes, the merit generally is not equal to that shown in (L). I classify the competitors thus:- Ist Class :-Max KrBomer; Kitten; Pem- broke; Laura Marie Jackson. 2nd Class :-Sib Boneson; Louie. 3rd Class :-Eddie Sullivan; Alice (Free- mantle). Commended :-Janie H.; Edie and Nellie B. ; Charity; Minnehaha. In this case also several have disqualified themselves by not putting their names. I must also tell one or two little friends that in Unwedded Rhymes they must not spin out what as in this case was meant for two four line stanzas into four stanzas by the introduction of rhymes of their own. In (N) Blank Rhymes my little friends have not been very fortunate, and I can give no classes, but simply commend Polly, Pem- broke, Penmorva ; W. A. P. ; Louie; Chris- tina McDiarmid; Margaret, and Minnehaha. And now for my letters : and by-the-bye I have had one or two which the writers forgot to sign. If they go on doing so, there will be a risk of their forgetting their own names! Fancy having to go about asking your friends who you are,-almost as terrible a plight as
"that of the little old woman who fell asleep on the Queen's highway. I think this must :be the effect of holidays, for most of my little friends have plenty to tell me of the places they have been visiting. Ayacanora Leigh's lines on " The Kitten" are clever, but they cannot be included in the competition for " original verse" as they are not on the given subject "Autumn." Shrimp will see on looking back that though I do not absolutely forbid little folks get- ting help, I appeal to them to be moderate in their use of it, especially now when there ;re prizes. I don't know of any such book as S. J. E. D. enquires about; I cannot tell '`Mary Stone what she wants to know; and :with regard to Alice H.'s question I can only say I believe the story she names has a meaning, but I have never been able to make it out clearly. . Madge I can inform that I am the Tom Hood of the Annual, but not the author of the "No" poem, which was written by my father ;-I wish I could as readily tell her a real cure for toothache, which arises from different causes and so requires different remedies, I fancy. My eccentric young friend Jumping Jehosaphat, whose letters are as funny as his writing is bad, must learn that I cannot undertake to forward letters. I must compliment Innes on her letter in verse, which is really capital. I-with, I am sure, all our party of pilgrims -am very pleased to welcome Little Dorrit and a number of new recruits to our ranks. For their benefit, as well as to remind all my little friends of the regulations, I have re- peated the rules at the beginning of this article. I am much obliged to Kitten for her Christmas notion, which is excellent. I have had several inquiries after my pets, i and I am sorry to say the peacock is dead. eHe had been suffering from rheumatism, and a sharp frost we had about a fortnight ago killed him. So I can sympathise with Amy and Maggie who have had two of their pets stolen. Beatrice Baldwin tells me an interest- ing story about a cat that, being shut out from her kitten, went to Beatrice's mamma's bed- room and made her understand what she wanted. My sister had a little dog that was very old. , One night she heard him scratch at her door, she spoke to him and asked him what he wanted there, as he was not in the habit of coming there. He looked at her, wagged his tail and went downstairs. The next morning he was found dead. It was as if he had come up to say good-bye. Another little correspondent tells me of a pet owl; and another how she nursed a
wounded seagull. My seagull does not care for saltwater or fish; but he washes a good deal in a large pan. I made him a pond to swim in once, but he never went into it. I have had numberless pretty flowers and ferns sent me this month, for which I must heartily thank my thoughtful little friends. Sylvia, about whom I have had many en- quiries and good wishes, is I am glad to hear much better, and has, with her brother and sister, made and sent me such a pretty group of seaweeds mounted on card. Tommy Bogey has given me a lampshade most in- geniously covered with dried leaves of all colours, which look very bright with the ligh- behind them. From Edith L. and her sister I have received two charmingly arranged groups of flowers from Switzerland and Italy; and from Amelia Suermondt a spray of ferns, flowers, and grass from the battlefield of Gravelotte. Annie J. Taylor has picked me some ferns from part of Sherwood Forest, where my namesake Robin used to plunder, instead of puzzling, pilgrims. Besides many who have sent flowers and ferns, I have to thank Maggie C. for a photograph of Clifton Bridge ; and Pink Vanity, Green Cheese, and Shiny for a pretty little book-marker. I am glad my little friends express such general satisfaction about the prizes. In answer to some enquiries, I may say I shall not adopt a system of marks, but judge by the average of performance during the year. Omission to send in verse and prose essays will not necessarily exclude, but of course those who do them will have an improved chance. I really cannot undertake to classify as Tweedledum suggests. Next month will be the first of the competition. So now good- bye, little folk, for the present. PUZZLEDOM PRIZES. I have a very pleasing duty to perform : it is to announce to my little friends that the Editor of GOOD TIIINGS has empowered me to give, at the close of this Volume, to the most successful of its guessers and essayists, some Prizes, which I think they will like to receive as much as I shall like to give them. The highest prize will be a year's presentation to the Children's Hospital at the East End of London. In case any reader should not understand what is meant by this, let me explain : Suppose Currer Smith to be the fortunate competitor, then there will be a " Currcr Smith Cot" in the Children's Hospital, from Novem- ber, 1874, to November, 1875, and Currer Smith will
ft/I Sk~etchl inl the Chlildren's Hospital Nýr /Il rIj9 jýIj ýa ýý d 11ý11I~~~~~~~~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~ II11 lll'i',11ýIIýI\ \"\\ /rrjYýV,. 1R . t'i1 ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ t \1 ý fý <-«ýo\ 1t-I ' t ,ý. ý!' // ý . 'lll~~ah { t r 1 ý \ ýt Il~ Skt chlIf ý in'ýI the Chuldren Hosp i l/tal. /' i ý u,ý~ ýa
have the right to say what children shall successively occupy the cot during the year. I feel sure my little people will be glad to think that their pastime will thus contribute to benefit less fortunate little people
II A Cot in the Children's Hospital. . " ',', . ., :
(to whom "good things" may perhaps then come for the first time), and will value this prize accordingly. Some other nice and valuable prizes will be given, of which my readers will hear in good time. TOM HOOD.