PUZZLE PAGES.
37.-PUZZLE. THEY were wooing in the fields, man and maid together, Talked of love and happy life in the sunny weather. An animal having long ears; A country famed for its teas; A word that to lessen appears; A word that a lover most fears; A country over the seas; To this add an order of peers; Then sit down to the evening meal, And put in your purse a French piece; The next thing may you never feel, And the next for your good never cease. But don't be in a hurry-that is, don't be fast, To say to a good thing my fourth and my last. lie, the man, then told her all, all my firsts do plain declare it; She, the maid, did falter till all my lasts suggested-dare it !
38.-CHARADE. Yes, dear, I own my first was a stolen one, Sweeter for that, though, I venture to say; Really my stream of love's such a swollen one, Over its banks it will get away. Some way our lips for the moment, love, seconed, I could do nothing my love to control, So I gave in, and with Turks being reckoned, I'll say that my first's ie result of my whole. ,39.-CHARADE. The Indian ,camp was in alarm, The pipe of peace was buried, Each warrior tried his trusty arm, And to my first off hurried. The squaws were loud and long in grief, A second filled the air, But soon there came to their relief A resolute despair! The sun had set and set again, And hope set in each soul, When came a sound across the plain, 'Twas Flying Eagle's whole. They knew their tribe had won the fray, And every squaw and maiden Turned out to welcome on their way Their warriors brave, scalp-laden! 40.-CHARADE. I kept a lonely second, Where soon my first would be A bony finger beckoned, And pale lips spoke to me ! "Ah! first will soon be here, Your second's almost o'er, For now my whole is sounding near, As it has done before 1" I held my breath-I heard the sign- And then a dead face looked on mine!
41.--CHARADE. My first had a long and disgraceful second, And an ugly, miserable first was reckoned, Much to my his dear master's grief; So I thought I would whole his ugly second So I called to my first and whistled and beckoned Soon ,my first had pain, I elief. 2.--CHARAD. My .hiple wias waying in -the fields; Said I, "A first-rate crop it yields" And knocked its head off yfling; Then 'twas a spmething very hot, I want you to .discover what, Which you will soon by trying. Again I took the head away, It was then what you do each day When you are at your dinner; Behead again-a preposition, Again-a letter whose position Is found in saint, not sinner. 43.-WORD SQUARE. 1. To talk together. 2. A brave man. 3. An inhabitant of the desert. 4. A dog's name. 44.-CHARADE. My first is tired, and tired in vain, I cannot do my second; I scarcely can from tears refrain, I once a dab was reckoned. I to my master take my task, Tell him I cannot do it; For his consideration ask, And beg him help me through it: "Young man," said he, " now as to help, I really must deny it; My whole is he who my whole does- Sit down again and try it."
45.-PUZZLE. Sermons I have heard full many, But the strangest was by far A sermon once to fish delivered, Solemn as all sermons are. Ready were the fish to listen, Readier perhaps than I or you, Only, then, to them 'twas novel- Let us each one take his due. Large and small fish list with joy, Each attentive to the preacher, Till the water is a foam Disturbed by each perturbed creature As to them the saint makes known Everything to hope and fear, Crying--he has truth to tell- In four words I've written here.