5. DOUBLE ACBOSTIO. ti hblli
My riddle now attention hambly claims, If read aright, gives two composers names ; And those who love sweet Music's subtle spell. No doubt know both these names full well. 1. For dramas, Shakspere's won much praise, And this is one of that bard's plays. 2. This is a great resort of fashion— With many it is quite a passion. 3. And now a tribe of Israel name, You must have read about the same, 4. When in distress, or danger dire, For this we have a great desire. 5. An European river loved by all, Who can its varied scenery recall. G. When driving on the turnpike way, Most likely you'll have this to pay. PICTOBIAL BEBUS. V____J 6. CH ABADE. I hope you'll first this riddle well, You see before you here, You'll second me if so you do, And earn my thanks sincere ; My third in England's always found, And otber places, too ; My fourth a politician is, I hope he's loyal and true— My whole is full of beauteous flowers, In it I've spent most happy hours. 7. HIDDEN POETS. 1. Apathy fosters open rebellion. 2. This news brought able men from Italy. 3. Employ time blame¬ lessly; otherwise court inquiry. 4. The honourable empio це never crimns. 5. Áblo eyes are found inside. 6. Assured thus, we" playfully blinded her eyes. Youkg Devon. 8. ABITHMETICAL QUESTION. I. A gentleman divided £500 between A, B, and C, in such a manner that A received £35 10s. less than B, and С £63 7s. 6d. more than B. What did each receive. PICTOBIAL BEBUS. HALTl HOME 9. IBISH TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPBESSED. 1. A curse, and a part of а fiddle. 2. Some cash and a measure detect. 3. A weight you must add to the middle. 4. A haven and what we respect. 10. CHABADE. My first is " cloudy,"—" dismal,"—" dark," And " destitute of light ;" My second may (without remark) Be worn both day and night. Mv ii'hole's α common British bird. In June its swe3test trills ave heard. 11. ENIGMA. The following has never yet been solved. Can any of our readers venturo to guess the answer ? I'm the sweetest of voices in orchestra hoard, Yet in an orchestra never have been— I'm a bird of bright plumage—and less like a bird— Nothing in nature has ever been seen.— Touching earth—I expire—in water I die— In air I lose life—yeti run, swim, and fly. Darkness destroys mc, and light is my death You can't keep mo alive but by stopping my breath, If my name can't be guessed by a boy or a man, By а girl or a woman it easily can. 12. SQUABE WOBDS. To drop ; to utter a protracted sound with modula¬ tions of the voice ; α river in Boumelia, Turkey ; a bird of tropical America; a lodger ; inclined. A town in Borneo ; begone ; habit ; a parcel ; gives extreme unction ; weight. Answers to the above will appear in No. 6. Original Contributions requested for this column. Each question must be accompanied by the pro- pounder's solution, I