ssüsssasssHK
42. LOGOGRIPH, Curtail, and I'm α place where all must dwell, But when ! ah, that there is nono can toll ; Behead, and I am from all reason free, I hope that none of you will e'er resemble mc. My whole, tho tool that wo so much require To make those picturos that you all admire. in s
PICTOBIAL REBUS.
43. ENIGMA. I go beforo, I go bobind, I'm trodden on by all mankind, I'm fat, I'm thin, I'm round, I'm square, I'm as largo as a tower, and small as a pear, I ne'er have rost throughout the day, I dodgo 'twixt people, but am ne'er ш their way, I follow all kings, wherever they go, I follow all monarchs, high peoplo and low, In winter and summer I'm still the same, So now gviess aright, and tell my name. John S. Lloyd. 44. CHARADE. First's in pick, but not in hack, Second's iu tick, but not in tack, Third's in nock, but not in log, Fourth's in pullet, but not in egg, Fifth's in urn, but not in tea, Sixth's in river, but not in sea, Seventh's in eat, but not in food, Spoiled without it's really good. J.S.
PICTORIAL REBUS. »
45. CHARADE. My first is considered a very great treat, Whether made of fruit, fish, fowl, or moat ; And altho' you may think it is rather absurd, I assure you 'tis also a well-known bird. Its different meanings may seem very strange— They are used by a printer, which he must arrauge. My second's an article, substantive, too, Scare not), whichever is pleasing to you, у third is a prefix to names of renown, "Without it you never would have tho word crown ; My fou rt h is a stronghold of Saxon and Dane, The which superstition forbids to profane ; My last is always essential to name, Likewise the conclusion of every game. With theso hints my whole you may easily guers, Tho' to bo a performer you may not profess. F. MAcOARTHy Conner. PICTORIAL REBUS. 40. DECAPITATION If yon α man'β surname behead, An eatable from India you'll havo instead ; Behead again, and thon I ween, Frozen water will be soon. Herbert H. Adams. Answers to tho above will appear in No. 12.