PUZZLE PAGES. 32.-PUZZLE.
F OR ever out at ball or rout, Returning morrow morn about, She always is, my charming Liz, The cause of many a cheerful phiz. The time I've passed, it flew so fast, But there, alas ! it could not last. O Tinsley's band! all sought her hand, And she had but to choose-command I O what a treat, her little feet To see, then lead her to a seat!* O brimming cup, on standing up, To lead my angel down to sup! Odd advances, envious glances, As with my own to sup I prances, Give scorn for scorn, and call next morn, But eat my dinner all forlorn. To feel the spltk, to list tD lark, To go out riding in the park, To glare on one poor mother's son Who dares to make a little fun. To push and drive, and so contrive To near herself at last arrive. O what is she-to me! to me! The artist hints it, as you see. She was and is-my lovely Liz- The picture tells us what she is.
33.-CHARADE. I had existence ere the world begun, And now I'm told I'm new beneath the sun; Thought cannot grasp me; I am hardly sought, The pauper buys me, yet I go for naught; Speech, too, can frame me, though I can't be said; Some will pursue me, while by some I'm fled. Cut off my head, I then become a thing From which a part of everything must spring; My head the centre of a knot will be; The poor who eat me whole, live frugally. I'm scarcely seen, save when you shut the eyes, And he who gains me sure will lose a prize. However much one may have had before, The more he gets he always wants me more. Yet people occupy themselves full well Enjoying me, as all the papers tell, The while, in dullest seasons oft you hear me Spoken of, while all good people fear me! 34.-CHARADE. My first is oft sharp, yet it will become flat If you leave it alone : for the matter of that It dies, as in music it dies on the ear. And yet with the public it lives on a bier. My second's ne'er out, so thus you may know it, With my third you may take a "good thing" if you throw It qualifies profits, but still is a gain For those who can cast it well into the Sein(e). My w'wole only moves with the force of a rock, Yet children can sleep when you give it a knock. 35.-CHARADE. My first you will find in the cry of a sheep, And also pronounced as a part of the deep. My second beneath it is frequently found, But only there utters it never a sound. Of all the best known is the female variety, 'Tis found at the dance, at " the Zoo," in society; It there meets my whole, which ne'er quiet is known; 'Twas found ere the Flood, and before it o'erthrown!
36.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Prison Fare. 1. " In solid span of purest rays How stately-is its march !" 2. " On thy hoary shore, Fortress 'of falling empire, honoured sleeps The immortal exile." 3. "lKnow.ye the land of the cypress and myrtle Are emblems of deeds that are done in their clime." 4. "I swear 'tis better to be lowly born, And range with humble livers in content, Than to be perked up in a glistening grief, And wear a golden sorrow." 56 ". Before him came a forester of Dean, Wet from the woods, with notice of a hart." 87.--CHARADE. Upon my head, and eke my eldest boy, I take it in, but not without alloy, My first is this. My second makes a gown; My whole oft to my first is handed down. 38.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Elements of Education. 1. Mode of progress. 2. -Jewish queen. 3. Law' defence. 4. I'll avoid it I mean. 5. An ancient British tribe. 6. A conqueror of power. 7. In olden time A warder of the Tower. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &c. (Pages, 278, 279, 280.) 20-He had suddenly gone in for cold water. 21l.-MUSIc-PI._o. 1. M.P. 2. Uri. 3. Salamanca. 4. Indian. Cairo, 22._HUNTING-FISHING. 1. Half. 2. Uri. 3. Nuns. 4. Truth. .1Puritani. 6. Napoleon. 7. Grog. 23.-IREAD-i-BOK. 1. Rab. 2. Echo. 3. Aleppo. 4. Duck. 24,-The Road to Ruin. 25.-lBooK-Wom1. 1. Bow-wow. 2. Othello. 3. Oliver. 4. Kingdom.
39.--PROSE PUZZLE. II. A shrill whistle, and into the darksome tunnel rushed the expr Not long before the luggage train had entered, and slumbering on sleepers had not yet emerged. A crash ! a scream ! the rest is dust steam, and smoke, and second edition of the evening papers. II. He would not do it; not that he could not: no boy in Birchtail Vicar knew better than he how many beans make five. His preceptor rem strated with a cane ; he continued his expostulations with a slice of br for dinner and a silver fork, but obstinate Sullenboy would in no wise yi This is my second. III. Gessler might command, but who shall compel obedience, my Will Tell? Shall I bow down to that, my third-my last? Not if I know Draw near and see, ye people-ye mountaineers upon the mountai behold this thing which the tyrant would oblige us to adore. MY WHOLE Seen. in the Picture. 40.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Two Senses. 1. Best of historians. 2. Best of astronomers. 3. Best of daggers. 4. Best for locomotion. 5. Best of wives.