PUZZLE PAGE.
CHARADE. SYING in pain on a hard straw bed, With thin hand supporting her aching head, A pale little girl lay all alone, Emitting through weariness many a groan; Her thoughts were the only companions she had, And they were most painful, so mournful and sad. She longed for the country, the birds, and the sun, She longed for some tit-bit, a cake or a bun. She longed for a cool draught to quench her dry thirst, But more than all she longed for mi' first. For she'd lain on her sick bed nearly a year,- At the thought she dropped slowly a glistening tear. She thought of the plain and homely fare, Of which she oft tried to eat a share. And as on her fingers sweet dainties she reckoned, She glanced at the fireplace and spied mr' s'conid; Her mother, who never liked duty to shirk, Had placed it down there ere she went to her work. Soon after the room door was wide open burst And her father came in with a fine ny fMrst. In a bran new mr second, so bright and so red, And cheerily he to the little girl said : '" I've brought you, my child, your lone hours to console, This pretty- n' first in this bright red nir whole."
ANSWERS TO PUZZLES ON PAGE 96. P UZZLE. CHARADES. Smeaton, Edgehill, Frobisher, Boadicea, Eg- . bert, Westall, Handel, Macaulay, O idenarde, Oak-ham. Hawke, Gordon.--Albert Dam'rr. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. O-ford. Ox-ford. B lan (' , I deA ID oz E BURIEI) GIRLS' NAMES. Bird-cage. Una, Hilda, Bertha, Irene, Ethel, Eva. r21.8
HIDDEN GEOGRAPHICAL LETTER. "My DEAR (a county in Ireland), " It was so (a tozcl;n in the south of France), uncle (townu in Australia) and aunt (torcwn in Italr') yesterday came to see us. Aunt brought (a cape in the United States) such a dear little (point in Cornwall) for his aquarium. When Auntie was coming she stayed at an (rier in Germany), where there was a little girl called (town ir' France). Uncle gave (a mountain in Switzerland) and I an (a cape in Mlfadagascar) brooch each, and he has sent you a ring with rubies (a townu in the south of France) in gold. Papa won some knives with (a caIpe in South America) handles, but he has given them away. "When uncle came we had (a cape in Canada) with (a bay in Tasmanaia) sauce for dinner. "I remain, your affectionate friend, (a river in Australia, a cape in Nort/l America.)" DIAMOND PUZZLE. My central letters read downwards and across will give the name of an authoress. i. The head of a mouse. 2. A space of time. 3. A girl's name. 4. A wine. 5. Something everyone needs. 6. An agreement. 7. A name familiar to many English children. 8. An interdiction. 9. An English possession. io. To cheat. T I. A part of the human body. 12. An adverb. 13. The tail of a tiger.