PUZZLE: PAGES. 564.-CHARADE.
----- ----H, who will cross the river deep, The stream so deep and wide, To bear me to yon pleasant downs, Where waits my bonny bride ? I've travelled far o'er heath and moor, And night is falling fast; The shadow of her plumy wings Upon my path is cast. I've traversed miles of barren sand My first to reach with speed, And now my whole is not at hand To serve my urgent need I" Then sang the Kelpies-" Calm and deep Is the ocean bed. where thou shalt sleep; We have levelled the sand and smoothed the ' 1pillow ' For thy weary head beneath the billow !" But the Kelpies' voice in the lover's ear Seemed but the plash of the waters clear. , j " I'll give my bugle of silver fine, With its belt of silken twist,
For my second, whatever be its kind, To bear me through the mist That clouds yon heights where my love waits To welcome me this night, For the silver moon will be coming soon To give us her tender light. I've travelled in haste to reach my first Along the sands of Dee, But e'en in rays of the setting sun My whole I can never see 1" And still sang the Kelpies-" Soft and low We have smoothed thy couch where the waters flow ; With tresses of weeds, both green and red, Thy watery pillow we have spread I" But their syren voice in the lover's ear Seemed but the noise of the waves so clear. Fair Marjorie watched from the gay green downs That stretched far down to the sea, And hoped to mark my whole at the shore, And her bridegroom bold to see. She, plucked the daisies so silver white, The kingcups of carved gold, That close on the treacherous edge of the cliff Still kept a tenacious hold.. But the cold grey shadows of even fell O'er greensward, flower, and lea,
But my second o'er all the watery waste Fair Marjorie could not see I And the Kelpies laughed as they played! below The tall white cliff where the gowans grow, And sang, "You may gaze on the dark'nig main, Fair maid, but he will not come again 1" But Marjorie deemed the sounds in her ear Were the rippling waves as they murmurdl clear. Cold dawned the light of the morrow morn On the yellow sands of Dee, But the soldier gay who sought my first Had tempted the stormy sea. For lack of my whole he had ventured rash To swim in the rising tide, But the pitiless waves.had failed to bear Him safe to his bonny bride. Fair Marjorie weeps in Allhallows kirk, And bitterly doth complain Of my worthless second, my idle whole, And the hungry, treacherous main! While the Kelpies sang with wicked glee- " All hail to our traps on the angry sea I Well speed myfirst, my second, my whole, While they yield to us such a famous toll." But deaf to their songs is each loving ear, And nothing replies but the ripple clear I
565.-ENIGMA.
The widow, her deep grief to show, Hides me to proclaim her woe; And the poor nun renounces me With all her worldly vanity. Sometimes I'm the self-same thing Owned by a beggar, then a king, I may by country girls be borne, Then by a duchess proudly worn.
Sometimes I'm bright, sometimes I'm dead, I'm black, and white, and brown, and red, Yet can I by a magic sleight Change to black my red or white; Unlike the alchymists of old, To silver I transmute my gold.
566.-HISTORICAL PUZZLE. y 41
567.-REBUJS. I am a word of five letters, two of whaeic ae vowels, with three consonants, but-i~Pa capable. o some difference of pronunciation, as well as Ian infinite variety of expression. My 2, 3, 4 s an auricular organ; my 2, 3, 4, 5 the same in ts twin perfection; and yet my 2, 3 4 is one ingle portion of a cereal of which my 2, 3, 4, 5 how you at least a sheaf ; my 5, 1, 3, 4 gives on a heavenly body, at which my 5, 1, 3, 4, 2 azes with astonishment; my 5, 2, 3 places you the ocean; my 5, 2, 3, 4 what time and hot ou are supposed to do; my 1, 3, 4, 5 form the ricks of our wooden walls, and my 1, 3, 4 heir mortar; my 4, 3, 1 is a gentleman popu- arly supposed to have come over with William t1 Conqueror; my 4, 3, 1, 5 his numerous de- cendants existing in our time; my 1, 2, 3 what on are when you take my 5, 2, 3, 1; my 3, 4, 1 s the civilised rival of Nature; my 5, 3, 1, 2 is hatyon did when you took my 5, 2, 3, 1; my 3, 5, 2 is what they used to do to a house in aroun Alraschid's time when he ordered it to adestroyed; my 4, 3, 1, 2 is what we like when ery speedy, and dislike when very slow; my 3, 1, 2, 5 is what Joe Henpeck's wife does, o his great discomfort, while, in its general erse, it is what all respectable people dislike; S1, 3, 4, 2, 5 are the pests of the corn-field;
n~3, 4, 5 what exists. Finally, if you cannot discover mie ~Z the help and stimulus of my I, 2, 3, yon oughit not to have any of my 4, 2, 5, 1, and ought to shed my whole for your want of comprehension 568.-CHARADE. Reverse my first, you'll find it set In crown, and crest, and coronet; My second's half a fabled creature, Formed like a fish, with human feature; My third is two-fifths of a river, And yet is found in Cupid's quiver; My fourth, in morals taught to youth, Is termed the opposite of truth; And mark, my whole, as here set forth, Belongs to the Wizard of the North. ANswERs TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 466, 467, and 468, Vol. VII.) 553. Sweet-heart. 554. Board. 555. Wall-flower. 556. MDCLXVI. Martial-Demosthenes- Cesar-Livy-Xenophon-Virginia-Icarus. 557. i. Faint heart never won fair lady. It. Praise a fair day at night. Ir. Little strokes fell great oaks. Iv. All is fish that comes to the net.
569.-CHARADE.
3My Grandmother Grove was of women the best; She had not outlived her youth's merriment sunny; None trilled such a ballad, or told such a tale, Or made so much mirth by her speeches so funny. From the dames of her date to the babies she nursed, All found something nice in my granny's deep firstl She'd a smile for the old, and a cake for the young; She was deeply concerned with all people in love;
i c Qý
And among her relations none carefully reckoned Or cared to inherit a share of my second ! No marble was reared over Grandmother Grove, But a bright little garden within a stone border Was planted and watered by fond loving hands, And through many a year it was ne'er out of order, Enshrined in a radiance tender and sunny That never arose in the world from her - But alas for the young folk who all missed her sore ! How many a courtship since then has mis- carried I
570.-ENIGMA.
I am a robber on the sea, Behead me, I shall furious be, Again behead me, and a price You fix upon me in a trice. Now of my head once more bereft, I'm swallowed up-there's nothing left.
She made pies, and made matches, but peg more than all; There was ne'er such a woman as Gra mother Grove I Ring, ribbon, or sweet, book, pencil, or locee A host of fine things dwelt in grandmotheji But Death had no mercy on Grandmother Grog Alack! what a whirlwind of sorrow a4 sighing Arose when a rumour was spread through th town That the kind-hearted, loving old lady a- dying!
It's only a wonder that any at all Of her many descendants have ever g- married ! While the children lament, and there's note can console For their jolly old granny who gave them al- whole ! The lasses forego barley-sugar and beads The lads must dispense with top, marble,or apple, For my bountiful first that supplied all thei needs Lies interredwith its owner in Enderby chapel- We mourn like young drones reft of pollen and honey For one who bestowed all our first -- -