fe_<T' '-яммаи
141. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. Centrals read with care, then you, A stream in Portugal will view. 1. A tree this will portray I trow, * From which is made а wine I know. 2. Give to the needy from your this, A little sure you'll never miss. 3. This is a precious stono I weeu, Its name, undoubtedly, you've seen. 4. Regularly in every year, This will I am suro appear. 5. Worn by both sex, young and old, Especially when tho weather's cold. 142. CHARADE. On the back of my first my second rides, My third o'er the bright blue ocean glides ; My whole, as Shakspcare tells, was hurl'd From heaven to eartli to witch the world. G. F. P.
PICTORIAL REBUS. Ш
143. CENTRAL METAGRAM. Now riddlers cute, just listeu here, While Ι α riddle do expound, A now kind, I promiso it shall be, And wben the answer you have found, I'm sure that you'll agree with me. Tho rule to guess this riddle new, I uow will try to bring in range, So, when you arc trying the answer to view, You always must the centre change, Au animal, a drink, α card, A spaco of time, a s 1 imn fear, Now, if you to the rule stick hard, The answer you will have quite clear. Thos. Marshall. 144·. BOYS CHRISTIAN NAMES. 1. Oh ! care. 2. Bard ran. 3. Read X N Ale. 4. Nester. Jno. Bakfield, 145. REBUS. 1. The supremo deity of the heathen world. 2. One of the most ancient towns in Sweden, celebrated for its cathedrals and for being tho seat of Northern learn¬ ing. 3. One of our greatest naval warriors, who fell at Trafalgar. 4. A celebrated painter, born in Austrian Flanders, who embellished most of the churches iu Ghent. The initial« givo the name of one of the heathen gods. Jno. Bapfield.
PICTORIAL REBUS. nil t
146. LOGOGRIPH. Tho opposite of large am I ; cut off my head, in a park you may my next espy ; reduco me still, and I describe mankind both one and all ; cut off my tail, and turn mo round, tho exclamation small, the ladies you have often found, with mild surprise let fall ! F. W. Cobham. 147. DIAMOND. The head of a borse, a favourite drink for sailors ; α lovo engagement and a thing that catches fire ; tho same as my downward centrals ; the reversa of dull ; pleasant old English tipple ; the second joint to adog's tail. Read my centrals rightly, and find, а clever artist brought to mind. J. B. Answers to the above will appear in No. 52.