PUZZLE S.
CHARADES. 1. My first, the name by which are known The lands which man doth sway; My second is a common thing, You meet him every day. My third, with sails set to the breeze, Fades slowly from the sight; My whole directs and rules my first With subtle unseen might. 2. My first has neither body nor life, But still it comes and goes: And it comes, like Christmas, but once a year, In the land of eternal snows. Under my pleasant second I sat, To make myself cool I reckoned ; But I snored away as my first came on, For my first is nothing but my second. My whole is a thing that has substance and life, Though it never has walked or run; It is not good to eat, but if eat it you dare, Your career, like my puzzle, is done. 3. What blighted our first parents' innocence, What caused the flood, what made the nations burst All bounds of shame; all wickedness immense, Are in one name included in my first. I put my hand into my pocket-oh ! My purse is gone, and in its place, I trow, My second now has come. No loss 'tis reckoned, Because my purse held nothing but my second. My third and last you will find hard I trow, For metal never is found soft, you know. ,My whole some call a Paradise, I own, But really 'tis an Asiatic town. 4. My first was on the table, when I sat down to tea, My second was walking on it and looked so gay and free; But now look in the garden, among the pretty flowers, MIy whole is flitting in and out among the rosy bowers.
ENIGMAS. 1. My first is in glove, but not in hand, My second in cornet, but not in band. My third is in crow, but not in rook, My fourth is in river, but not in brook, My last is in wild but not in tame : Wait just a moment and more I'll explain: I am twice in you, and once in me. Once in shrub and twice in tree. I am once in dog, and once in cat, Twice in collar, and once in hat, I am in your garden, house, or book, And in this one if you look. I think I've explained enough to you now, So I'll take up my hat and make my bow. 2. I am thick, and I'm thin, Sometimes fit to please a king, And indeed I am prized by the ladies; I am green and I'm blue, And every colour too, And am almost always present where much trade is. If you drop me on the ground, I break with a sound, For I'm not very strong, you must know. Perhaps I am wrong To say I'm not strong, For, to break, I must fall or have a blow. BURIED RIVERS. 1. The Dutch are an ingenious and industrious people. 2. Have you written your French exercise ? 0. Will you send me a letter, John ? 4. Go in by the side entrance. 5. Did it not blow yesterday?