PUZZLE PAGES. 268.-CHA~RADE.
ADA1M BETTY is feeble and wrinkled, For she's now growing terribly old; She is wrapped in rich ermine and velvet. And yet she can't keep out the cold. Her thin, trembling fingers are gleaming With diamonds costly and rare, As she takes to my first for a solace When she thinks on the hopes of her heir, Her heir is no reckless marauder, -Who trenches too oft on her pelf; He's a scheming and wily despiser Of all interest save in himself; So he tries to wind stealthily round her, And flatters each foible or sin, -r In the hope that the gold in my second She has hoarded so long he may win, Madam Betty is dead, and her kindred Attend at her lawyer's request. To some an annuity's granted; To all there's some little bequest. 3ut the heir's face grows longer and blacker As the lawyer reads down the long roll, And he faints away flat on the carpet When he finds she has left him-my whoole 269.-ENIGMA. I am a member (of no small ability) of a not in' a father and his daughter. I mal large family numbering over a score, and I third of England's world-famed bulwarks; likewise form one of that section of it which is am the head and front of her favourite embk indispensable. But I am a curious mixture tree. I am to be found only in Europe, fory altogether, as you will say when I tell you all won't trace me in Asia or Africa, and yet my qualifications. I am the middle cut of a in both. I dwell in all the oceans in the worl large fish, the end of a colour, and the com- You should respect me,for I have nothing to mencoment of a fruit. I form half of your daily with sin or wickedness, or evil of any kind, as esubstance,,though I am not in your drink. I half the good in the world belongs to me. am to be detected at the source, near the middle, harbour amongst those who are familiar i 'and at the extreme end of a South American the sting of poverty, for I do not affect the vie river. I form the first article of a celebrated I live in every story, and you will see me Spanish dish, and I sm part of an army besides. every nook and corner; but yet amoC0 I am to be met with in the criminal's last my relations I am not even considered collar, the parson's discourse, and the soldier's mere cipher, for, in spite of all my ea weapon. I am in woman but not in man, and merous avocations, I am but nothing nte- yet I am in a mother as well as her son, though all ! CONUNDRUMS. 270. Supposing a wife beats her husband, and he runs away, why is his action like a lart ea some watches ? 271. Why is a corn warehouse like Russia ? 272. Why is an unkind word from a friend like two cats receiving a beating ? 273. Why is the captain of a forlorn hope, in his selection of men, like a peaviourl
NDON NEWSAPRS EXPRESED ANAGRAIMATICALLY. 74, She met it. 75. Lent him her dragon. 76, Strong in the arm. 277.-PUZZLE. am of but fragile material, but I often pass onulh military campaigns. When I enter on military career it is an occasion of great emony. When I am in the thickest of the Idtl take not the slightest part in it; and agh I am always defended, I am often muti- ed, and sometimes made prisoner. If I sur- euntil times of peace I command the greatest pect, and receive great care. My hues are - most various. When not military I am mon at festivals, &ec.; and though I gene- y betoken rejoicing, at the same time I ounce death. Curiously, I am also hard, of doll colour, and debased instead of being ele- ted; in this condition I am to be found in ery street. I also denote a feeling of ex- astion. 278.--CIARADE. oe said, "I do not care my first For all your idle flirting; I know whose heart by all these jests Is the most surely hurting I I like your little jacket trim; I like your hat and feather; From top to toe you're dainty-Sweet, I love you altogether I "I know at every ball and rout You're sought the first, with reason, For with my second you are quite The 'match' of all the season. Earls lay their nets to catch you, Sweet i And barons come to woo you, Like'Tibbie upon Tintoch tap,' So many come unto you i aBut, darling, though 'tis sweet to talk, 'Tis sweet to waltz together; II you and I should marry now, Who'll buy the hat and feather ? Who'll keep the pretty ponies, dear ? The house in Piccadilly ? 'Tisvery well to laugh and dance, To owed were wondrous silly. "So of your tender glances, Sweet, Iors charily be keeper; This heart, so poor in worldly pelf, Yet feels your smiles the deeper. Somn happier man must take your hand, aid (all your beauty reckoned) - l'll make my whole as settlement A very handsome second!"
279.-PUZZLE. I am a recognised institution of now gigantic proportions. My business necessitates con- tinuous and riepid movements, which are anxiously anticipated. I take charge for a time of the business transactions of the people, their private affairs, their feelings and emo- tions. I always possess large sums of money, but I am continually parting with it. I am also to be found at street-corners and by gates. I am the beat of the policeman and the sentry's patrol. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, c. (Pages 373, 374, 375, and 376.) 214. Fall-staff-Falstaff. 215. Desdemona. 216. Miranda. 217. Falstaff. 218. Hamlet. 219. Haitl-AruM-MoroccO-LoG-EvE -ToN. HAMLET--IOGEN. 220. Snug-Timon-Rosalind-Antigonus- Theseus - Falstaff - Olivia - Romeo -Desde- mona-Orlando-Nerissa-AutolyCus-Viola- Ophelia-Nym. STRATFORD-ON-AVON. 221. MasS-AH I-CompanY-BelL-EchO -TalC-HooK. MACBETu-SHYLOCK. 222. Measure for Measure. 223. All's Well that Ends Well. 224. A Comedy of Errors. 225. Much Ado About Nothing. 226. A Midsummer Night's Dream. 227. Love's Labour Lost. 228. As You Like It. 229. The Merchant of Venice. 230. The Taming of the Shrew. 231. A Winter's Tale. 232. The Two Gentlemen of Verona. 233. The Merry Wives of Windsor. 234. Shylockl- Hamlet-Autolycus-Katha- rine - Escalus - Shallow- Perdita - Elbow-- Ariel-Romeo-Emilia. SHAKESPEARnE. 235. Shake-spear--Shakespeare. 236. Cymbeline. 237. Prospero. 238. Hermione. 239. It is too late. To be read-IT-is too late. 240. Juliet. 241. Macbeth. 242. Perdita. 243. How happy some o'er other sum can be. To be read-HOW happy-sum -o'er OTHIER -sum-can-bee. 244. 1. Portia. 2. Miranda. 3. Oberon. 4. Hamlet. 5. Imogen. ". Ophelia. 7. Mac- beth.
280.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. 281.-PUZZLE.
I am indispensable to the prosecution of life's duties. I have no colour, yet am the source of colour, and possess every known and unknown hue and shade. I have no life, yet promote and sustain it in others. I cannot see, yet eyes are of no use without me. Though I am never
282.-WHAT STREET NEAR COVENT GARDEN DOES THIS REPRESENT? 283.-CHARADE.
Whene'er my first you chanse to have, You must not do my second; For on my whole security Can ne'er be safely reckoned. My first is always brought to you, My second is your doing, And if for ill my whole will make It very often rueing I
absent from the earth, I am never palpabl visit every part of the globe, and travel terrific speed. I am not made by man, yel is continually manufacturing me. I have form, but can move in any space. My ; dates before the creation.
My whiole at court as evidence Is very rarely taken; For some will listen to my first, Some call my next mistaken; In short, my whole is every where But 'very poorly reckoned. You can't depend upon my first, Nor trust upon my second.