PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
N the occasion of the sailing of the Puzzledom Fleet (p. 288), as it is a general holiday, all the Puzzledomians wear tall, peaked caps, made of paper, that being the appropriate costume for the site, and they all go off in the even- ing to the Lecture Hall. As I was told this was a very imposing affair, I determined to go to the Great Panjandrum, and ask him to give me a ticket. He received me most graciously, and said he would surely send me a card; but told me to be sure and go in Puzzledom uniform, or I should not be admitted. As I inquired rather anxiously what it consisted of, he kindly informed me it was the cap before mentioned, and what we call a "pin-a-fore :" only that in Puzzledom it is a " pin-a-back ;" for you reverse it gracefully, and wear it like a cloak. "And now," said he, "as I understand you are the new Leader of the band of Pilgrims, I have kept a couple of little matters for you, which you can use as you like ;" and so saying, the benign old gentleman, wagging his big button atop, most politely gave me a couple of papers, and bid me good-bye. I copy them for you. The first is- (C.) A PROVERB IN RHYME. The spring-tide of the year, in truth, When all the hopes and loves of youth, Are open to the sun and air, Dealing their sweetness everywhere ! The second paper, which I will number, as the French do their houses, C bis, which means twice, or repeated-as "bis-cuit" twice cooked,-is in prose, and is called- (C bis.) A PROVERB IN PROSE. I. A cobbler's implement, and a sibilant. 2. Where truth is said to be found. 3. A man's head gear, crowned with an evening meal. 4. The finishing part of puddings, threads, debates, and stories. 5. The state of health that cannot comparatively be made better. And now while I get ready to go to the " Puzzledom Hall of Amusement," as they call their lecture room, I will give you, to occupy your thoughts in the meantime, a geographical puzzle:- (D.) FOUR COUNTRIES. S/1 Being now ready, I presented my ticket at the door of the hall, and having been placed in a most charming chair, covered with the richest velvet, and stuffed with the softest down, I began to look about me. I found that the Puzzledom folks did not give lectures like other people, for I could not see either chair, table, nor glass of water. Instead, there was a pretty little arch of ivy stems twined with shiny leaves like a living frame, and the picture inside was a green dell, enamelled with flowers for a carpet, and decked
with tall trees and waving boughs for curtains and drapery. The prettiest little cluster of mushrooms grew in the centre, and from under one of the biggest came a small elf dressed in green, who delivered the following lecture in a voice as sweet as that of the piping bullfinch. I am bound to say he refreshed himself at inter- vals in the pauses of the lecture, by turning head over heels, swinging on a periwinkle stem, or taking huge draughts from a buttercup. And this was his lecture, taken down, of course, in shorthand :- (E.) PUZZLEDOM CHARADE LECTURE. Once upon a time, Titania sent to her Lord Chamberlain Moth, and bade him direct the fairy heralds, Woodbine and Bluebell, to summon all her court to a grand meeting to be held in the haunted glen on the next night. They were further to proclaim that a new member was to be added to the ranks of fairy knights, and there- fore all the elfin cavaliers were to assemble in state to greet their new brother. The moon shed her most silvery rays, and never was there a more brilliant court in all Fairyland. The Court Circular, which was written on a tulip leaf, afterwards remarked that her Majesty had never looked so well or so beautiful. The mystic ceremonies which precede these fairy rites were all over, and the queen intro- duced her new knight to his peers. A discontented whisper ran through all the ranks as the elfins muttered " Only a mortal." The Fairy Queen's acute ears caught the murmur, and never did she look more royal than, when turning round, she thus addressed her discontented chivalry:- "A mortal, fair knights? nay, you are wrong, this is an Im- mortal, whose existence will last when our fiail wings and cobweb glories are forgotten. The changing month we love so well will be remembered to the end of time, from his birthday. Our tenure of office is almost numbered, but in the hard practical days that are coming, when 'fairies have broken their wands,' my Whole will do my First to my Second, and fight gallantly on our side, against our enemies-Old Time, and his comrade Oblivion !" The lecture was over, and as all the folks seemed to be going home, I returned to my cottage, of which you have heard before, and went to bed. Next morning I found the following " Illustrated News" lying ready for you on my table:- (F.) PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. iu rI J