PUZZLE PAGES. 47S.--CIARADE.
_l_. ;Z;)~~~v~~l I _____--2
IS an April dawn, and the air is balm, The sea like a mirror is bright and calm, And reflects the clouds as they come and go Over the Gulf of Mexico. And down 'neath the water clear as glass, The bright-hued 'fishes dart and pass, And the fairy forests of seaweed grow, And wave in the far-off depths below, Where the turtles feed, and the strange things dwell, Old 'Ocean hides in his crystal cell. And now.a canoe shoots from the shore, Till it reaches two hundred yards or more. A party of fishers, intent on spoil, Make themselves ready to ply their toil. Nor turtle, nor fish, nor weed seek they, But to wrest from old Ocean a richer prey. For each is my whole, and they seek my first- A dangerous trade; of their foes the worst
Is that pest of the seas, whose fin will .mark His terrible presence-" A shark ! a shark I" Now my second rises, and bending low, Gazes intent on the depths below; A quiet plunge-a ripple-no more, And the sea is unruffled as before. With his iron spud, and his net for spoil, My second pursues his dangerous toil, And gathers the oysters in whose shells My beautiful first enshrouded dwells. Then up to the surface of the sea Rises my second joyfully, Happy indeed if his net contain
A plentiful harvest from the main, Of rough old shells, in whose wrinkled case The best of myfirst oft find a place. Happy, if safe in life and limb, The shark has made no meal of him. Oh, lady fair ! when you gaily deck With my shining first your arms and neck, Like frozen dewdrops pure and fair, Meet for a princess's raven hair, Do you cast a thought how my second doth Down in the Gulf of Mexico, Daring the perils of shark and deep, To steal your gems from their ocean sleep?
479.-CHARADE.
When Spring comes dancing o'er the land, And clothing hill and lea, My second's soon in every hedge, Myfirst on many a tree. My second, with ite varied hues, Its buds and blossoms bright, Doth gladden every nook of eart , The peasant child's delight. My first, how welcome is his note The harbinger of spring 1 The little dark brown bird herself Can scarce more sweetly sing;
And through the early budding days He blithely tells his tale, And only when the summer comes His merry note doth fail. My second, added to my first, Was aptly styled my ,whole, Whereby two pleasant memories In one name we enrol, By linking Spring's sweet buds and blooms, Her traces fresh and new, With her blithe herald's name as well, Her merriest songster, tool
4.SANCIIO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES. I. Tis surely never worth despairing, When Winter with too hard a blow, 0n blooms the year so late was wearing, Strikes, as he seeks to lay them low. Scot Spring shall mend his ruthless shearingl II. All nature wears her fairest green, When she in earliest morn is seen; There's not a cloud on yonder blue, Where one' gold ray is peeping through. The dew that lies where'er we pass Still glitters on each blade:of grass. m. At work upon a summer day, Each stitch her dainty fingers set Seemed to be planted in my heart, And to this time it tingles yet ! She saves her smiles for happier, swains, Nine-tenths of whom deserve their pains. IV. 'Tis time our boat was on its way, And evening shades are gathering fast; The tide will turn at close of day, We dare not wait till that is past, For 'gainst that rapid current's force No arm of ours could stem its course, So man the oars, and speed away ! 481.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A term for those to curious ways given, o'er:; An island group on the Sicilian shore; Alittle creature crawlin in the dust.;- The dame to whom our daughters weinthutrut; The Chinese herb of general use and:praise; What buttered hot our breakfast oft displays; A passage from a river or the sea; Where famed Italia's purest marbles be. Iy first describes the vast mysterious power That generates the mighty thunder shower; That leads the lightning on its war-path forth, And lights the lambent streamers of the North; That to man's service press'd, obedient speeds Q icer than thought can follow for his needs; That even travels by his agency Beneath the trackless billows of the sea. My secord gives the name of the vast water That severs England from her larger daughter; The trackless ocean whose long billows sweep In endless surges, measureless and deep. And now man's enterpriso would lay the train Charged with myfirst beneath the heaving main, ly scouo hight-may fortune crown the end, And with success the mighty work attend I
482.--CIlARADE. There's a sweet little dell Clad in tenderest green, Where a soft rippling brook Flows green rushes between. 'Tis the haunt of my first, And the home of my wlhole, While the sound of my second Above it doth roll. The tall ferns bend over My frst's timid head, Ashe nestles secure in His soft mossy bed. My second at intervals Falls on the ear, And! blends with the sound Of the brook singing clear; While my whole dwells there ever, And lifts her slight form Secure from the ravage Of wind or of storm. She's the nymph of'tho spot, And the brook thinks so too, As it mirrors her form, With its cup of pale blue ! 483.-CHARADE. My first is a masculine name, My second's the colour of war, My third is ambitious of fame, And hope shineth therein as a star. (To guide us or life's troubled sea, To cheer an existence like this; May it no'er set for thee or for me, But guide us to regions of bliss!) Thus formed, a gentle, winged creature, I ween, )May, warbling, midst gardens and orchards be seen; And oft, when chill frost binds the bosom of earth, He claims our protection, and flies to our hearth. ANSWERn TO CIARADES, &C. (PageS 182, 183, and 184.) 466. Swans-down. 467. Meg-pie. 468. N-camping-B-lying-X-sighting-D- noting-A-mounting. 469. I. The rolling stone gathers no moss. In. Better late than never. im. Fair and softly goes far. iv. Make hay while the sun shines. 470. Night-mare.
484.--THE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS. -4/i 3
485.-CHARADE.
Spinning, I ween, spinning, I ween, A busy troop of my whole are seen; For far in the fair Provencal land Groves of umbrageous trees there stand, Planted and reared for the purpose sole
Of feeding the countless tribe of my uole While careful watchers are waiting near To keep them from harm and danger clea Spinning, I ween, spinning, I ween, My whole are busy the leaves between.
·,r - A x ý
They are weaving a robe for my lady fair, A shining vesture for her to wear; Her father's a baron of high degree, And boasts a most lofty pedigree; And my lady fair, in luxury nursed,
But beauty must fade, and riches flee, And youth fleets ever too speedily. My lady has put off her robe of pride, And laid her youth and beauty aside, To don her shroud, and to hie to sleep Where the churchyard shadows are long and deep, My second, who spareth none, dwells there, And to him must come e'en my lady fair; While his kinsman's labour, the shining vest, Survives all the fleeting charms it dressed.
Is daintily robed in my gorgeous first. A jewelled bracelet her arm doth deck, And pearls look dim on her snowy neck. "How fair she is 1" all her lovers sigh, As clad in my first she passes by.