PUZZLEDOM. By Mvis. BiRODERIIP.
J hIUST now resume the Puzzles, and shall give you next :- (G.) A DIAMOND PUZZLE. I. Give him an inch, and he'll take this, So his profits are not amiss ! His name is Tom, and his voice is heard Wherever he goes, the quarrelsome bird ! HORIZONTAL. When this wondrous dish you make, Four opposing people take, To complete it! First a spendthrift for the oil, Then a miser for the sour,- A sage the seasoning must pour, A maniac mix it, by his toil ! 4. Nets and leather,-faces too, Oft this process undergo. 5. The better half of the wondrous world, It lies, like a snake, around it curled ! PERPENDICULAR. The perpendicular will show, One of the sweetest flowers that grow; Spicy and sweet it fills the air With its rich perfume, everywhere ! I will next prsced, as time is short, to give you-
(H.) A PICTORIAL SQUARE WORD. Before I left the favoured clime I met the Puzzledom Gardener, Mr. Dibble, and he gave me a sad account of the trouble Mother Magpie had occasioned him by her very mischievous doings. " I put all my flower seeds away so carefully," said he, "but that old nuisance pokes and prys about everywhere, and is sure to find them, and then, worst of all, hides them away. Now here's a handful she's poked away somewhere :-
(I.) MOTHER MAGPIE'S MISCHIEVOUS MUDDLES. I do love flowers, and all their blooming varieties, very much. So much that mere sharp ink and pen can never describe my admiration. I love them all so much that I don't care if even they grow on a bleak wall. Flowers to me are like dear friends. I have been told some pretty stories of the persevering way in which they creep over all the world. They will grow on the most barren rock. Etna itself even, volcano as it is, I am told is not devoid of vegetation. I particularly prize those which have a perfume, and are sweet ! William says, but then he is only the gardener, that some of the showy sorts are best. I don't agree with him ! I love to look over my seeds,.because they are the germs of future bloom, and I have a large stock supplied me each year. If I were ever so old, and loved to be idle and to rest and sleep, ease itself would not win me from my darling flowers. " And now, ma'am," said Mr. Dibble, " here's a pretty wildling that onlygrows in God Almighty's garden; and is as innocent as a new- born babe. Pretty things they are-prettiest of all Ithink when He scatters them as He likes, like pretty jewelled beads, over hill an d dale. Prettier a deal than when they are all laid out in colours and patterns like a calico gown. But here's my flower for you :- (K.) PICTORIAL CHARADE. I /, l o....
" And now," said Mr. Dibble, " before you go, let me introduce you to our executioner, for I see he is coming up the garden." "What, the hangman?" said I ; "no, thank you, I have a pro-. found horror of him, and object to his office entirely." "Oh, he's only the headsman," replied Mr..Dibble, smiling, " and I think you'll alter your opinion as far as he is concerned. He's coming to help me just now." So I stayed and witnessed a series of beheadings, little folks, all in your service, and now I hand them on to you ! (L.) DECAPITATIONS. Mr. Dibble, first of all, placed one of his worst garden foes on the block-i. After the axe fell it became an iron support-2. Cutting its head off again, it developed into a degree of sick- ness-3. Beheading it again made it very much worse-4 ; and at the last severance there was only a small measure left-5. Before I left Puzzledom, I desired Mr. Phancy to take portraits of all my Pilgrims, because, as I am only a recent acquaintance, I am very desirous of seeing you personally. He acceded to my desire, and has in this drawing given me a likeness of you all in a group, though I confess I would rather have seen you each separate. But we must take the will for the deed, and as he is the greatest artist of all, we must not even whisper of disappointment. He has, however, I must confess, transposed the last details, but even the biggest people are liable to mistakes sometimes:- (AL.) PHANCY PHOTOGRAPH. " IY75 -- It now only remains for me to give you a subject for a prose essay, and one in verse. So I will suggest, as our subject for the April month, which is so suggestive in itself- (N.) PROSE ESSAY. CHANGE. For the verse I will give you :- (0.) Leaf. Brief. Shower. Hour. Ray. ... Day.