PUZZLE PAGES.
471.-CHARADE. ERY gallantly forth sailed she, My beautiful first, on a summer sea; She spread her wings as a bird might do Ere it soars aloft in the sky so blue; Pennon and streamer were fluttering gay, 'Twas her maiden voyage on her ocean way. The breezes whispered and murmured soft In streamer and sail as they passed alof:, And the wavelets rippled in haste to throw A shower of jewels around her prow. Ocean and air their welcome gave With gentle breeze and with quiet wave, And seemed to say, "How fair is she, This youngest daughter of the sea!" And well did she speed o'er the pathless nlia Till she went on her homeward way again. Many a day of storm did she brave As she gallantly breasted the ocean wave That rippled no longer, but fiercely brol:q With its deep hoarse roar on her planks of oak.
No breeze sighed soft, but through sail and shroud The wind's shrill whistle came long and loud, Till with one fierce roar of the stormy blast, The terrible tempest came at last! The foaming billows, like beasts of prey, Leap'd on myfirst and bore her away To the reef of doom, that so grimly beckoned, And my beautiful first has become my second. The morning dawns, and the breeze is balm, The sky is azure, the sea is calm As an infant's brow that has sunk to rest In smiling sport on its mother's breast.
" Where is myfirst ?"-bat no answer gave Either balmy zephyr or lapping wave. It is left to the rocky shoro to tell In record mute how my whole befell, By riven plank, and fragment of mast, When my first as my second was on it cast; And, sadder still, in each cold, drcchac form, The human victims of that wild storm, Many an orphan's and widow's wail Shall echo the truth of that mournful talc, And shuddering sailors will long remember My terrible whole that dark November!
472.-ENIGM:A.
I am a French word of two letters, the con- sonant being mute. One letter makes me a gambling transaction. Another turns me into a verb which is an ac- quisitive one. Another changes me into an ornamental sub- stance used by jewellers, usually valued on account of its light weight, and devoted as an emblem of woe. Another makes me what all landlords of houses are desirous of for their property. Another puts me into the past tense of a meeting.
Another makes me into toils and tra for all linds of prey, human as well animal. Another exalts me into the beloved favour of all. Another makes me into a certain numbeor articles. Another renders me the very opposieil dryness. And the last describes what still is; and presses you if you have not guessed this, "puzzled ** *."
473.QUEER QUERIES FOR THE QUIZZICAL. 1. tWh is it that lis one, two, three, and even lourlegs, and a hdad, and yet the last is never ed for nodding or, tuing, and the first never* da single stfp since they were first created ?' hnat is it that s no head and yet posssses largs roundiiouth that is always open, that ares occasnigily,,ihU is always silent when afed, has no 1aid itp help itself to food, and on eyes to see what it eats ? 3. What has an eye that is not required for dght, which has neither pupil, iris, nor ball, anis always without a lid ? 4. What is it that has an ear never used for ]hiing, a leaf that never grew on plant or tee, that possesses sheets never used on a bed, and that is usually kept in fetters ? 5. What is it that has a face lacking eyes, nose, nd mouth ; wheels, but no carriage to ride in; thains not intended for. ornaments; weights, bat no scales to use them with; hands that havenofingers; and that never comes up stairs, though it is perpetually running down ? 474--REBUS. I am a word of twelve letters, but if you have killenough to arrange me rightly I will give yoamore than twice twelve meanings, as well s my entire signification. My 1, 11, 4, 3 de- scribes what the labouirer is worthy of ; my 12, 1, 5, 9 give you a convenient dish; my 1, 3, 4 apronoun; my 1, 5, 6 a useful animal; my 7, 11,9 a part of the mouth; my 12, 5, 6 a bit of a wheel; my 1, 5, .9, 3 what Pandora dis- ervered last; my 7, 5, 4, 3 a treasury of in- ftmaction; my 4, 5,. 9, 3 what ladders are sometimes made of; my 7, 5, 6 a ship's diary; 1yl, 5,9 a plant possessing tonic properties; uy12,1, 5, 2 4 is a part of a church; my 10, i,9 the seed-vessel of the wild-rose; my 6, 5, 4,3swound from an animal's horn; my 7, 3, S3 an ancient instrument of music; my 12, 1, 11,9 a splinter of wood; my 1, 5, 7, 3 is an iance; my 5, 10 an interjection in frequent 1me; my 2, 4, 3 is wrath itself ; my 12, 5, 4, 3 Sthe heart of the matter; my 12, 1, 11, 7, 2 nfamous for hot pickles; my 9, 5, 4, 3 is all Over your body; my 10, 5, 7, 8 is sanctified; y5,4, is metal in its rough, primitive con-
dition; my 4, 11, 6 is a vulgar term for a riotous revel; my 7, 3, 6 is a very necessary part of your body; my 9, 2, 6 is the name of a domestic animal, and also a trade term fbr a mass of metal; my 9, 2, 7, 3 is a lofty hpp; my 9, 3, 6 serves, to hang your hat on;'ny 4, 2, 12, 3 is a ntritious grain; my 6, 7, 5,, , is the bed soldier~ ~re, supposedLo die on; id, finally, my whole word lescrieb the myste\bus character used Vy the ancenin`'in their insciip. tions. 4.7 ENIGiMA. , If you only "o deep enobih, you will fiid:mo in the ocean, anid I am to be met with, besides, in every brook, stream, and waterfall in the world. I am one of the necessaries of your existence, although, of course, I am varied ac- cording to your different forms of civilisation. I furnish you with no few of the luxuries of life, as in the shape of oysters, strawberries, corals, coals, and mushrooms, which all come from me. I am to be met with in every garden, whether in town or country, and am impartially addicted to vegetables or flowers. The geologist explores me in every direction, and reads me like a book. Sometimes I incline to feathers, although I neither fly nor am given to vain attire; at other times dried heather or fern branches serve my purpose. I am often spare, though not necessarily thin, and may be para- doxically said to have often a flock, although I am only single. I must admit in one phase of being I am eminently disagreeable, for who- ever has met with me when devoted to nettles, bears an unpleasant memory of me ever after. IPam not at all inclined to soar ambitiously, but you will only occasionally find me down. I am sometimes addicted to mechanics, and then you will find me full of springs. Children do not willingly court my society; they struggle vigorously against being brought to me; young people don't value me as they should; but the aged and the sick hail me as their best earthly comfort and friend I ANSWEns TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 460. Toadstool. 461. Pie. 462. GARIBALDI IN CAPREIBA. Genil-Afri. caN-RuniC-IndiA-BumP-ArmouR-LifE -DoveR--IvicA. 463. Courtship. 464. " Hold you the watch to-night ?" 465. LONDON-THAMES. LasT-OstricH- NaphthA-DooM--OusE-NautiluS.
476.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. 477.-CIIARADE.
"Our king has sot his royal foot On Scotia's inspired land ; 'Tis time his eager followers flew To join his conquering band. I'll go to pay him homage first, To the Stuart lineage true, For my lands I hold by a custom old, Which I am resolved to do !" Said the Baron of Bradwardine, As he pulled on with lofty mien My first, and took out His old broadsword so stoat, That so little of service had seLn 1
" Go, fill my leathern second high, And broach th: oldest ale, And bid my vassals drilnk sr;; To the rose whose hne is pa '." My second's leathern sides wre act Full many times that day As the baron hastily donned my jirs!, And rode with his men away. For the Baron of Bradwardies Bore a proud and lofty mien, Though his servants were f., And his gold scanty too : You had never supposed so, I seen.
.i i , Jjý
The fated day arrives full soon; Charles Edward tales his stand To welcome well each gallant chief That comes to swell his band; And courteous words are on his lip, To suit each different ear, As the faithful few, to his father true, The Stuart prince drew near. Then the Baron of Bradwardine, With a terribly pompous mien, Claims his homage to do To his sovereign-the feu- Dal observance his right has been I!
In times of tempest we must trim Our helm to every breeze; So the chevalier with a patient grace Submits the whim to please. With fussy form and state absurd The baron my whole dolh bring, And draws the boot from the prince's foet, As his homage to his Iing. Oh, who could be proudcer, I wcen, Than the Baron of Bradwardine, As he strutted and bowed Through the tittering crowd, While my whole in his hand was s:30