PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
S'HERE'S a fresh breeze to-day, that has 1 brought all Neptune's white horses out of the stable for exercise. You can see their snowy manes tossing on the green waves as far as sight can reach. How the fishing- boat bounds to the breeze like a curvetting nag. At one moment the bowsprit points up to the sky, and the bows are out of the water on the crest of a wave, and the next down goes her head, and up go her heels, as a spout of foam springs round her cut- water like the smoke of a small cannon. I can see, however, by the expression of some of your faces, that you are glad to be on the shining sand rather than in that lively boat ; so I suppose you are not to be tempted out for a sail. Never mind, we will go down to the landing-place to meet the returning boats, and see what sport they have had; although sport hardly seems the word for the toil they have undergone. All through the dark night, on the heaving seas, they have rolled to and fro, wet and weary, hauling in their nets. I never see a fishing-boat sail out into the gloomy night, without recalling the lines of" Caller Herrin'," which say of the fish,- " Wives and mithers, maist despairin', Ca' them lives o' men ! " Well, here we are at the quay-side. Let us see what different kinds of fish there are. There's a heap there containing three sorts of fish, such as are commonly eaten, and one specimen of a very beautiful creature not often eaten, I think. Here's a sketch of them. (A.) Now let me know what their names are. Next we come to what I shall call
(B.) THE BUSY BEES. i. A Bee on a donkey's head. 2. A Bee on the top of a certain number of quires of paper. 3. A Bee at the source of a small stream. Please to catch those bees and turn them into fishes ; and then we will see what you can make of this (c.) BASKET OF FISH. i. Four-sixths of a discourse, and five- sixths of a throat. 2. What a river does to a bridge. 3. The weapon of an insect, and a beam of light. 4. A sinful aspirate. 5. Part of a Scotch name, and two liquids. 6. A Roman numeral, for once not even. 7. What little people should never do. 8. A sibilant sound, and a sailor's luxury. 9. Three-fourths of a form of physic, a letter, and solid. io. A disturbance, and a proper name. i i. A letter, and a winter pastime. 12. Three-fourths of a lass, and an Eastern unguent. Now we will go back to the sands again. Do you see that man walking in the water, pushing a pole before him? He is shrimp- ing; you will see him every now and then raise his net out of the water, and after throwing away the "rubbish" empty his shrimps into the basket he carries at his back. Now that "rubbish" is just the very stuff for your aquariums, so if some of you bigger boys will roll up your trousers and pull off shoes and stockings and take out two or three little buckets to him, I have no doubt he will put the rubbish into them, instead of throwing it back into the sea. Now, let us see what you have in the small pails. Oh, here's a funny fellow ! That is a hermit or soldier crab. He deserves both names, for he really inhabits a small cell, and he is particularly full of fight. You see his shell does not belong to him, except as a house belongs to a tenant. It is an empty whelk shell, which he has taken for a term. I am not at all sure that he has not dislodged the original landlord and eaten him, for he is a big fellow. When he was a little boy he lived in a periwinkle-shell or a top-shell, but he has gradually moved into larger apart-
ments. You can see nothing of him but his claws now, so we will put him down and watch him quietly, and then he will gradually come half way out, like an old gentleman leaning out of window and smoking a pipe. It is rare fun to see him move when his in- creasing size makes him outgrow his apart- ments. You must strew a few empty shells about the aquarium, and then you will see him call wherever he sees a bill in the window. He does not knock at the door;- he simply reaches a claw. in, and feels about the interior to see, I suppose, if he likes the pattern of the paper. If the place seems to suit him, he catches hold of the side of the new shell, and before you can wink he has whipt out of his old home into the new one, as if he were afraid any one should catch him at it-which he probably is, for though his claws and head are in shell-armour like a respectable crab's, his body is quite soft and unprotected. Perhaps he thinks the real crabs would consider him an impostor if they caught him in this state, and give him a nip; and I think we all know it is not nice to have our bare legs pinched. I shall never forget the first time I saw a hermit crab, when I was a boy. I was walking by myself on Ramsgate sands and saw one in a pool. I recognised the whelk-shell, but I could not imagine what the claws and legs and feelers were; and it looked so much like a manufactured article that I did not like to say a word about it to anybody for fear I should be suspected of an inventive fib. It was not till many years afterwards, when aquariums were first found out, that I recognised my old friend. Before I saw my first hermit crab I saw a much stranger animal at Ostend. Here is the story in picture language. (D.) THE VIONSTER. 3 671 Let us see what else you have among the treasures in the buckets. There are some
lovely seaweeds, that will look very pretty mounted on cardboard, if you do it carefully. I have seen very tasteful little bunches of seaweeds arranged on card so as to look as if they were placed in a vase, represented by . a flat shell, with handles and a footstalk made of smaller shells. Besides the weeds there are prawns, and shrimps, and several small fishes, some of them flat, and a few star-fish. We will keep them all in sea water, and carry them home for the aquarium. Look at these rocks; they are covered with different kinds of shell-fish. Can you guess the names of these ? Two SHELL-FISH. Anchored firmly to the rock, Like a ship, 'gainst ocean's shock, Dark without and bright within,- Name the letters that begin. Firmly fixed as though at base Built into the rock's smooth face, Easier far to break than bend, Name the letters at the end. i. Giant arms upraised on high; Round and round they quickly fly. 2. Letters three-and they declare What the Latin is for where. 3. What 'tis little people's fate Oft to do upon a slate. 4. What aquariums, I deplore, Often cause upon the floor. 5. When the sky grows gold and red Little people go to bed; 6. And-when snug in bed are they- Nurse will carry this away. There, now we must stroll homewards for it is getting near lunch-time. We shall have some fish for lunch. Let me see; it is a very sad story about them. I will put it into verse and call it (-F) A DOLEFUL LEGEND. Once the fishes laid a plan- " Yes," they said, "We will marry sister Anne. She shall wed. Ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong deli, We shall ring the merry bell.
"We'll bestow her hand upon Some young fish:- We'll bestow it upon John, Should he wish ! Ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong dell, We shall ring the merry bell." When the wedding day arrived, Calm and fine; Lo !-Johnl to get hooked contrived On a line. Ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong dell, Slow they toll the mournful bell. When she heard how John had died- Was no more, Ann committed suicide- Jumped ashore ! Ding-dong, ding-dong, ding-dong dell, So they tolled the lovers' knell. Now I want you to tell me what were the names of the bride and bridegroom. By next month we shall have packed up our traps and left the seaside, so we must make the most of our time, and when lunch is over we will go out again to the sands. What shall we do when we get there ? Here is a choice of amusements. (G.) f Ah, here comes a.fishwoman with her basket of wares for sale. I want something
to add to our lunch, so I'll see what she has got. They're not fish, but they are very nice. In fact there is only one kind of them I don't care about. "Not fish!" I hear somebody say. No, they are not fish, but something else. It's rather a hard word, so I'll make it easy for you in (H. ) A CHARADE. My First-for that consult the cook, She'll know the reason why; She, without this, by hook or crook Could never make a pie. My Second-is not very hard, You'll be upon the track, If only you've the proper card Selected from the pack. My Third-you'll find that each true Scot With that contrives to see, And in the alphabet I wot It's pretty sure to be. My Last-in some things 'tis a first, I give a clear suggestion, And oftentimes, when you've conversed, You've met it as a question. My Whole-are dwellers in the sea, And frequently you meet 'em, And now if you'll come home with me I'll show you how to eat 'em. Here we are at home; so there is nothing to be done but to give the essays ;-- (I.)-VERSE :--White-crested waves. K).--PROSE :-A Regatta. L).--UNWEDDED RHYMES :-A Mermaid. Hair. Comb. Scale. Song. I must next proceed to the usual business of giving the solutions and the names of for- tunate guessers. SOLUTIONS. A.-N owl et meat A Q two the, C's eyed, wheel, w, auk on the, S and's, pick, UP shells, and S, ale in a boat, W on T, T hat, bean, ice? Now let me take you to the seaside. We'll walk on the sands, pick up shells, and sail in a boat. Won't that be nice ?
B.-Sea, Are, A, Bee, = Crab. C.-Lobster. D.--Hoisters dropping theH = oysters; Anne M Moneys, = Anemones ; Peri Winkle; Limb Pet, = Limpet ; P. R (Prince Re- gent) Awns, = Prawns ; Sh (half of Shah) r imps, = Shrimps. E.-Cabin, Net = Cabinet. F.-T hair, R, ass, G, O, O, D, fish in the sea, ass sever work, Nought-n= ought. There are as good fish in the sea as ever were caught. G.-Blind Rhymes.-Octopod, Shark, Turtle, Sword-fish, swim, hold, ray, grand, hand. H--s hip = Ship ; Bee ark = bark ; B rig = Brig; S-'coon er =Schooner; Fishing bee Oat, = Fishing Boat ; Cutter; S loop = Sloop. For I IC L. see answers. The following have answered all puzzles correctly :-Innes ; Eunoporoi; Lallie. The following have answered those puzzles of which I give the initial letters in Italics after their names : Bessie, A BC E G; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, E F /H: James Dougall McArtney, H; Willie Sheppard, B C E F H; Lualabinetta, A B C E F; Sib Boneson, B C E F H; Honey Bee and Bunny, A B C E F G; Jessie M, B C H; Noah and his family, A H; Mousic, Victoria, Lena Victe, and Amy Cartwright, A H; C. J. Powell, A B' C E H ; Evelyn Willoughby, A B C E F H; Nellie Macdonald, A F; Kittums, A C E F H; Clara and Herbert, A B CE F ; Neddums' and Bee, A B C E G H; The Great Kobold, B C E F H; Amy and Gertrude, B C E H; Florence Jewell, A B C E F H; Arthur and Florence, B G F. G H; Lenore, A B C E F G; Wilhelmina, A B C E; Maggie, John and Archie, A B C E H; Alice and Florence Humphreys, A B C D R H; Louisa Sarah, A B C E F HS ; Jumping Jehosophat, A B C D E H; E. and F. Huntsman, A B C F"; Frances, E C E: Edith and Harry, A B CE H; Prince Oistravieff, A C F G H; Jumping Jack, A B C; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A BC E F, G ; Euphan Maxwell, A B C F H; Nellie, and Edie, B A B C; Emily Kate, A B C E F H; Wm. Sutherland, BCEH ; Mary, BC R; Trois Sceurs, ABCE FH; T. C. Hughes, A B C D E; Puzzled, A B C E F H; Frisky, A B C F H; Abon Hassan, A B CE F H; Popocatapetl, B C F; S. P. and R.A. L. A BCE H; Madvig, A BCE ; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, A B C; Pauline, A B C E H; Gustave, and Blanche, A4 C D E F; Madge, B C E H; Dorothy Tylor, A B C E G H; Mary, and Willie Arber, A B C; Nellie H, A B C E H; Ella, B C E G; John, Eddy, Francis, and Charlie, B C; Claribel, and Conny, A B CE H; Mary Henrietta, A B C D F H; Guy, Spick, and Rob, A F G H; Constance Gant, B C G H; Janie H, A BCE H; Scamp, A BC E !; Edith E. Harris, A BC G H; A. K. Abbot, A BCE F; W. and C. Eyres, A B C F; Minnie and Pheenie, A B C F H; Honoria Maud Woolley, B C H; Penmorva, A B C D F H; Bay Leaf, A E; Eliza and Robert Duthie, A F. H: Toby, E F G H ; Laura Marie Jackson, A B C E H, H; The Graces, A. B C E; Mary Blanche Hayward, B C E; Ella and Missy, A C H; ida Aitken, B C; Patricia, A ; Marion and Ida, A B C; L. K. Dicksee, B C ; Beatrice and Ethel Nightingale, A ; Mary Tatum, A B CE F : Dolly and Kit, B C E ; Catchintz and Kafoosalum, A B C; Amy and Maggie, A B C; Edith Sheward A B CE G; The Three Furies, Alecto, Megara, Tisiphone, A B C E H; Christina McDiarmid, A B C D E F H; Primrose and Young John Barleycorn, B C E H; W. R. Heatley, C : Mab, B C E; Mabel Woodhouse, Maud Stanton, A B CE F G H; Marian Beatrice Haywood, B C ; Dolly Morten, B C F H; Flora and Aurora, A B CE F G; A. E. Steinthal, A B C .E H; Arrie Benniton, B C E H; The Walrus and the Car- penter, A B C " H; Hugh Y. R. BCE ; Alice in Wonderland, A B C H; Jessie and Mary Wilson, B C; Henrietta Pauline, B C F H; La Senorita, B H/; Aggie, A BCE HG H; N. Henrietta, A BCE; Maggie Croall, A C FH; Rosa Sillitoe, A E F; Gipsy and Sunshine, A B C H; Sandford and Merton, A B C H; Effie, A B C; Mabel E. Walmisley, A B C E H; Jeannie, A B CE H; Nora,Creina, A B CE H; Titania, Oberon and Puck. A B C E ' G H ; Five Welshmen, A B C F
H1 7; A. F. M., A BCEG; A. Wilson, A B CE FGH; A. M. T. L., A B C H_ H; Annie E. Suter, C; Herbert Dicksee, B C ; Alice Freemantle, E G; Patricia, A ; Lucy Ling, B E ; M. S., A B C E H; Nellie and Edith Stevens, B C H; Bessie, H; T. C. Hughes, H; Mildred Durrant, G ; Jack, H; Elsie and Sophie G., C G; Stanberg, C; Theodore Winthrop, G; Wordemar G., G; W. A. P., A C D E F H; Nar Tua and Fu, A BCF H; A. L. T. V. T., AB CE H. Next comes the inspection of the Essays. In the original verse " A Sunset at Sea," (I.) there are many competitors, but, although on the whole the good essays are better than usual, I don't think there are as many as usual classed. I print Laura Mary Jackson's lines. SUNSET AT SEA. Now the evening sun descending Flames along his mighty way- Dips, where sea and sky are blending All the splendours of the day. Farewell clouds proclaim the story Of his noble journey done, While the wave's far-spreading glory Makes a myriad welcomes one. Seek, 0 Sun, thy grand reposing ! We would find at life's descent Welcomes, while farewells were closing, All the happy way we went. In the first class with Laura Mary Jackson, are A. E. H. and Nora Creina. In the second class, I rank Lenore, Emily Kate, W. A. P., and E. and F. Huntsman. The third in- cludes Lallie, Mayflower, and Mary Henri- etta. Megera, Mary Blanche Hayward, Alice (Freemantle), and A. Wilson, are com- mended. The prose essays are rather better this time. Eddie Sullivan, Lenore, and Crocodile occupy the first class. Eddie's paper is natural and unaffected, the result of his own observation, not recollections of what he has read. The second class includes Christina McDiarmid, Claribel and Mildred Durrant. The third numbers Clara and Herbert, Alice (Freemantle), and Penmorva; while Sib Boneson, Herbert Dicksee, Gertrude Fox, and Mab win commendations. Bertha Bousfield has sent me a well-written account of an ad- venture in Jersey, which suggests that next month I might give "a real adventure " as the essay, and each of you could tell the story of some occurrence which had actually happened to you. In Unwedded Rhymes (L) "A Bay," the first class includes E. Maxwell, W. A. P., and Nora Creina. In the second rank, A. E. H. and Aggie. The third comprises Innes, Emily Kate, and Laura Mary Jackson; and commendation falls to the lot of Alice
Humphreys, T. C. Hughes, and Alice (Freemantle). When I turn to my correspondence, I find I have to thank many little friends for sending me flowers. I am getting such a collection that I shall have to make a hortus siccus of one of my scrapbooks. May Tatum's lace fern is very beautiful, and so are some other ferns I have received. I was delighted with the heather, too, from Scotland; but I was sorry to see the lavender, because it always seems to me to say that summer is at an end. I have also to thank Christina McDiarmid for sending me a cat-yes, by post, like Tweedledum's strawberries, and yet it came all right. It is of black cloth, with a red collar, a pink silk nose, and pearl-button eyes, and it is to wipe pens on. I never saw a more ingenious pen-wiper, and mean to " keep it for best." But I have also had other pets given me-a pair of pretty white 'fantails from Amy and Maggie. I have put up a house for the " sweet little red-feet" over a porch, quite out of reach of my cats. Florence Irwell tells me she has a pet toad and some newts, and I am very pleased to hear she is a sensible little girl and not afraid of the poor harmless things. I once had a pet frog that I brought up from a tadpole. He would sit in a nook of the rockery in my conservatory, opening out of the drawing- room, and take flies out of my fingers; but he was fond of music, and one night when he was sitting on the threshold, the servant closed the door and accidentally crushed him in the hinge. Newts are a little like snakes with legs, and I have a natural antipathy to snakes; and, though I am fond of animals, could never get as a boy over it sufficiently to keep a snake, though the temptation was great : it's a convenient sort of pet you can keep in your school-box, and it does not want feeding every day. Florence offers me a toad; but I don't see how she could send it, for its fate by post would be more like that of the strawberries than that of the cloth cat. Innes tells me she has begun an aquarium, and has all the animals named in Puzzledom in it except oysters. She must be careful, I fancy, or she will overstock it. Maud and Mabel ask me why their silkworms turned to chrysalids without spinning cocoons : I don't know much about it; but perhaps they were
insufficiently fed, or else fed with the wrong food; I believe mulberry leaves are the only thing, and that lettuce is a bad substitute. I can't recognise the little bird Lallie describes to a certainty, but I fancy she has guessed its name. The blackcap is a small bird, about six inches long, and his song is very sweet, though, as he imitates other birds' songs, it is not always recognisable. The swallow is deep blue-black with a red- brown chest; the swift is a dusky black, and may be recognised by its shrill pipe. Lallie is in a very pretty place, Portishead, where she will see and hear plenty of birds, espe- cially in Nightingale Valley. Marion writes that she has been bitten by a dog she was feeding; I think something must have startled him, or he would not have been so treacherous. But I don't think she needs to be scared about the bite, as hydrophobia is very rare, in spite of what the papers say. By the way, as Marion does not send her address I cannot comply with her request. I'm afraid I cannot do what Katie Abbott asks. A. Wilson must not be discouraged; we can't all of us be invariably successful. I cannot adopt Sib Boneson's suggestion, as I have never been at the lakes; but I will see if I cannot comply with the wishes of Cachintz and Kafoosalum. Kittums must send her name and address to me. A. E. H. was unlucky in getting hold of a spoilt page; my copy is all right. I beg to tell Lucy Ling and several other friends that I make no limit of age, though I don't suppose young ladies of eighteen and nineteen will care to wander in Puzzledom. I may also tell Lucy Ling that I am not "two single gentlemen rolled into one"- I am Tom -lood only, not somebody else besides. I should be very sorry to think that Undine is the author of a very silly letter professing to come from Buttercup; but the writing is very like hers, and the postmark, date, and even the envelope stamp are the same. My poor little Buttercup ! I have had a sad little bletter from her, sending me her love, "if I will accept "-of course, I do !-and saying good-bye. I can't help thinking if she would muster courage to be candid, it would be all right; and I am so sorry to lose her from our little party of playfellows. I wish she had confided in me. And now, good-bye for a month, little people. Please don't forget the rules !
__ 4