PUZZL-E PAGES.
46.-CIIAPADE. FIRST. ORTH rush the levant and the potent winds, And we with them rush forth to northern shores, To find no welcome there but cold, fierce foes, That tell us plainly we are "awful bores." Of old the orient splendours were our own, We scorned the shelter in the north we seek, The fair earth's treasures were to us all known, And we were never then described as weak. But darker days have come, and we have sailed In ships, and not in sieves, and with our tails- Our tales of wrong-to lands that love us not, Mid sunshine, storms, and hurricanes, and gales- Lands where the people cannot see afar In us the glories of a backward star.
SECOND. "Ruin seize thee ! ruthless"-anybody, '"Ruin," I say, and give me. more .hot toddy S"Ruin," quoth you--" there's ruin in the toddy-- Ruin for thee, for me, for anybody. Come, come, be steady;p.now, .you, really oughter Subscribe the pledge and take .to, toast-and-water; Your health, your wealt4 oar character won't stand it, It asks your life and money like-a bandit; It is to you my secondd-no doubtabout: it. Join cold water. olat1aeers, and ,swiftly rout it l" ,iY WHOLE, I sha!g4~ ib o nght. Tliei ar.etlcids0:kteusky. adiL.a capful ofe,,indi I biWAllt dort. to-night. D n ~hrbitii h within doors, but there is., Se4 ty in the free air. Fbrth goes the after pffectionate -embeacesa.s, Yet he looketh back at his wife and d.itsetonesawistfully, There is vengeance in his heart-" They.hu.tiijOuv oTY o r us, st us, poison us, close buttery and larder against us-.. G' od sooth, we have revenge! we will feed upon their timbers :and bring down house !' He is valiant. Poison he defies; he sniffs it: Traps he derides. shirks them. But dark destiny is over him. Fate sits in the dry sat butt, and there he finds-and recognises with a shriek--my wliolet 47.-CHARADE. She put her first before her second, And as .at me she looked, Amongst her slaves I soon was. reckoned, Indeed I soon was booked. Ere twelve short months had passed away My whole had named the wedding day. 48.-CHARADE. To my second thus I ,said: "Bring along my whole now qnuckly, Said my second, as he sped, " I am coming, sir; directly !"
Soon my whole to .me le biouglit, And my first.:I was relieved of, And I'll say,* as sure I ought, Thanked be he who it. conoesid, of-1 49.:LCHARADE. M]y first is ;always first, My secod~u it is plain,tr Is 'second,. fitst, or third, In nearly ieveryl .train.: My whole is :vhat I always choose,. And in my journeys alwa suse. ANSWERS TO CIIARAD $i &c.;. (Pages 241, 242, 244.) ou. -My first, HIor's sacred mount, half horror makes, My second, nets, have 6fttimes first-rate takes, My third, a nest, 's a very prettgthi g When tenanted by creatures that won't sting, But when my whodle combines about your ears-Y A hornet's nest-why, we'll excuse your tears 31 -The General Post-office. 32.-Westminster Abbey. 33.-Mansion House. 34.--When places like my first, an inn, Are haunted by a spectre; If you inspect you'll mostly filind 'Tis only an inspector! 35.-Ere you've in my first invested, And the ring is fairly bought, Let (my second) me suggest it, Then I think you really ought Previously to have a token- Say a ringlet, like my idcl«-_: But if consent ,has :just been spoken, You can claim no further -toll.. 1O.-A court my first:is,.a scene. of splendour Not oftoenthe, souce of such episodes tender As a training ship. (a kind of my second) ; A ball-iroom for these is more properly reckoned.
51.--CHARADE. I. Wiggle waggle, dong ding, dong, Waggle wiggle, ceaseless song, Wiggle waggle all day long, Now about my neighbour's state, Now my servant wench to rate, Pitiless on my poor pate-- And that's my first. II. Merrily, merrily over the sea, The sky is bright and the wind is free; We sing as we toil For the silvery spoil, But without our host we have reckoned If we have forgotten my second. III. Oh, but he was a nice young man, And she was a charming little spinster, She lived somewhere in the great Mayfair, And he lived in Westminster. All other men sought her in vain, She said she wanted "a soul," But my Westminster man he conquered her, For he 'Was; in fact, my whole.