P ZZL E ..PAGE S. 440.-CHARADE.
WAS a late frosty night That my young plants did bite, And it just played Old Nick with my greensl For each tender, fresh shoot Was cut down to the root-- It destroyed all my first crop of beans I I had " tie" in my head, And I tossed in my bed, As I muttered, " This virulent weather SWill destroy all the hopes I had set in my crops, And the prizes at shows altogether r I heard a faint noise, But I fancied the boys Were trying to plunder my apples, Or my choice winter pears, So I crept down the stairs, Prepared for some vigorous grapples I I find all safe and right, Next morning I find, Save a mark just in sight, When I draw up my blind, Of my first on the parterre behold ! That the mark of my first is still there, Fruit can't be the reason, Of my second, as certain For 'tis not in season, As that this is the curtain, But there was the mark on the mould ! As every beholder can swear I And just where the butt I hastily flurry Of rain-water doth jut, Down-stairs in my hurry, When each nook and each corner I've sought, Nor hope to see fork, tongs, or spoon- A shadow I see, Alas I they're all there; Which my second must be, 'Twas my Emmeline fair And I boldly rush on, to find-nought 1 That eloped by the light of the moo'1 So I creep back to bed That iniquitous Jeames With a cold in my head, Set her young heart in flames, While each limb has a separate shiver, On her bountiful fortune he reckone; Till I doze, with a scream So he knelt at myfirst, Waking up from a dream And my whole, as the worst Of standing all night in a river I She selected-alas I of my sccosdl My villa is sold, And I've left all my gold To charities; now I am lonely, My whole I eschew, I am waited on now By some neat-handed Phyllises only
447.-MISTRESS MARY'S 'CONTRADICTIONS. *Mistress Mary, Who once was contrary, As related of old in all nursery fictions, Her employment to vary, Has turned lite-rary, And sends you a few of her last contradictions ! r. I run upon four legs, or stand upon two ; Ole piece of furniture's always a bed, Sometimes I ne'er travel, at others I do. gh I'm not known to sleep, and I have not I follow the hounds, or I go to the wars; ahead; Sometimes without legs, I've two feet and three plow, no sheets, and no blankets to bars I sread. Now and then I am wooden, am painted atle I wear, which is part of my skin; afresh, boast of a beard though I have not a At others a somewhat large portion of flesh. nWhen I am not alive your linen I air, I'm out of my bed while you're tucking Or supply you with products of hide, hoof, and me in! hair. n. I uphold all ybur portables, cider or beer; black-=no, I'm white-I am chestnut or If you can't find me out, just a word in your Vey; pear. not alive, yet I live every day. You deserve my whip well laid about you, I fear ? 448.-CHARADE. on and Folly went out one day, He jingled his bells in Wisdom's eyes, met with each other upon the way. And taunted him sorely as over-wise ; o,ho! friend Gravity !" Folly cried, And called on my owhole, who gambolled by me travel with me on the flowery side. With gesture bland, and a roving eye. ingle my bells, and enliven the way She flourished her garland in Wisdom's face, the last new sports that I've heard But spent all in vain every wile and grace. today." " Go ! idle pair !" did the old man say, W'isdom smiled as the jester beclkoned, " Pursue for awhile your heedless way; vowed the, his coulso must be my second. Make for a time my chole your fjrst, gged and rough it seems, I know; You'll find at the last you have chosen worst. progress to you is doubtless slow; My whole at first it may gild the road, vhen all the ups and downs are reckoned, But she never can make a long abode. sure you'll acknowledge my way's my You'll soon discover that she has wings, sacdl. And leaves you my seconed of sadder things. h Folly into a loud laugh burst, Woe unto those whom my lwhole has nursed, sver a.ld over repeated myJirsl ; They'll bitterly rue such a uselessfirst." Assweots TO CHARAuDG , &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 1i. Ripg-doveC 420. N-joining - X-planing - B-daubing- 15. Birch-broom. D-filing. 16, Ore. 17. roath. 421. Flag. 423. Because it makes a clark of the lark. 1., Pippin. 424. Because you can't have beauty without 1 Coffee. 2. Toast. 3. Muffins. 4. them. Ifeam. (. Sole. 7. Smelt. 8. Plaice. 425. Because he makes ice nice. ach 10. Turnip. 11. Trifle. 12. Cream. 426. Because it turns rifles into trifles. s. 1. Shortbread. 15. MaIaroni. 16. 427. Because TU must always go after T. s. 17, Punch. 18. Sherry. 428. Because it converts ash into cash.
449.-AN ACTED CHARADE. 'Tis dark as pitch; they can't tell which Ah, now they reach their goal, anld ea The path is that will lead them rightly, Declares the hostel snug and charing These travellers lone, who'd fain be shown They soon forget darkness and wet, Their way with torches burning brightly. At blazing fires their cold limbswarml Or right or wrong they grope along So good the cheer's, they laugh at fears The road, but hold each other tightly, Which late they looked on as alaring With horror cold, and terror pale: Their supper, flanked with stoups of ale, That's the first act of - - - . Forms the next act of They go to bedl-when overlhead The storm is o'er. It rains nomore. A storm bursts forth with fury frightful I And now the silver moon is flinging Loud out-of-doors the wild blast roars- Its beams around upon the ground, The rain beats down with vigour spiteful. And lo! two lovers, closely clinging, So fierce the shower, in hall-an-hour, Steal through the grove, while sweet aoo Of water is the cellar quite full. The dusky bird of night is singing; It blows great guns ! The travellers quail. Its music soft runs through the tale. That's the third act of - - - . And that's the last act of - - 450.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A milky mother's baby young, Can dawdle through with languid gace, 2. A cordial pleasant to the tongue, While gazing on each pretty face. 3. The isle of green 'midst desert waste, My second word the fiat gives 4. The act of putting out in haste, That rules o'er many mern ies, 5.That rules o'er many modern lies, 5. A canton ofice the Switzer' mocks our toil, Measures their robes, ordains theirbmn .j An airy voice that mocks our toil, And plais the trimming that is on it; 7. A useful metal from the mine; Or (Banting-led) prescribes their fare, The first and last of these combine, And teaches what to eat or wear, And the first word at once will name That with more power than commonsaaB Our modern belles' most fav'rite game; Spans crinoline's circumference I A lingering, lazy, flirting sport, In short, myfi rst its empire gains That men of the Dundreary sort Entirely by my seconed's chains. CONUNDRUMS. 451. Why does the transposition of two letters constitute all the difference betwea. ostentatious millionaire and a tattered beggar ? 452. Why is a beggar prevented by his name from repairing his rents? 453. Why is a rich man like a rookery ? 454. Why need we never expect Japanese Daimios to pay their debts? 455. Where should we expect to meet any of them who happened to be in Elngland?