57. CHARADE. Mt iitl l f
My/tret is a capital raoal for α man, If properly made on the orthodox plan. But my second I grant's not remarkably good ; Though without it my fi ret would be very queer food. You're constrained to consider this clear contradiction, I forewarn you, 'tis free from the faintest of fiction. Nay, more, I declare that my whole is but part Of my first, and my last is, I vow, from my heart, Just one half of my first ; and it's equally droll That uvyÆrst with my second is more than my whole. E. M. L. PICTORIAL RE JUS. UT 58. ENIGNA. I'm always in trouble, ob ! what shall I do ? I'm in lovo ; I'm in debt ; I'm in Chancery too ; In woo I am lost ; I can never know mirth ; I'm alone in my misery, lone on this car Hi. By the tongues of the sayers of ovil my namo Is tho first to be spoken. Ob, scandalous fame ! Tho/ havo plaoed mo in darkness, in deepest despair, In dungeons, in terrible danger and fear ; But I still cling to hope ; and my voice sounds in glee, For in heaven a place is allotted for me. E. M. L. 59. DIAMOND. A vowel ; я number; akiteben utensil; я monarch ; я fuïuro of eleven sides ; rebellion ; α knave ; α fish ; α letter. PICTORIAL REBUS, CO. PUZZLE VERSE. Ietmatileltgetctoaiglr Hesaswhitgerseyoldosebisda Ehrahriawskcihtihwtaynmarlcu Η tatsdour telendr uoerhadha 61. ARITHMOREM. F. J. E. 1У-0 nnd uta, au Irish town ; 1550 and abats, я Swedish town ; 1000 and se, а German river ; 50 and cyp, to bark ; 500 and noate, a Belgian town ; 501 and cuu, an Italian city ; 101 and en, a French town ; 100 and regee, a kingdom ; 500 and ezor, a French town ; 50 and bee, an Austrian river ; 101 and byba, α Turkish provinco ; 50 and ye, an English town ; 50 and ynso, α French town; 551 and wsuatzer, a Republic. My initials name an excellent story in the Boy's Herald. Ernest George Lövell. PICTORIAL REBUS. f* fe D LOGOGRIPF. 1. My whole α town in England; behead, to tear: transpose α figure ; again transpose, a trap ; curtail and transpose, French for in. 2. My whole a town in England : change my head, a kitchen utensil ; change my head, a town in Ireland ; transpose, a mass of stone ; again transpose, the bark of a tree. 63. CHARADE. My first and my second swim in tbe blue sea, And my whole may be pluck'd from an old apple tree Crocodile. Answers to tho above will appear in No, 15. h l h r i T r r h fi