PUZZLE COMPETITION.*
21. GEOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC.-The initials, read down- vwards, form the name of an island off the coastof Scotland:- 1. A county in England celebrated for its earthenware. 2. The most important English river. 3. A town in Scotland where woollen goods are made. 4. A ness on the east coast of Scotland. .5. A country to the south of England. 6. The largest island in the world. 22. HISTORICAL CHARADES. 1. My first is a margin, my second is an elevation of ground ; my whole is a battle fought in a civil war in England. 2. My first is an infraction of law, my second is a distin- guishing adjective, my whole is a famous nineteenth century war. 3. My first is a part of the verb " to go," my second is the value of anything, and my whole is an eminent states- man in the reign of Charles I. 4. My first is the evening, my second is to trick, and my whole is a battle which resulted in a king of England being set free. 23. TRANsrOSlTION PUzzLE.-Each of the following lines of letters, when transposed in the proper order, will form a Shakespearian character, and their finals will give the name of one of his plays. 1. LBEHYATIE. 4. OGERLNI. 2. VANILAI. 5. E YBLI MENC. 3.AMRIP 6.EJILUT. 24. GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE.-A city which is one of the attractive capitals in Europe at the present day, and the seat of government, is said to have been the place where a French emperor planned a disastrous campaign in Rus- sia. Into the city, with victorious armies, entered at dif- ferent times two of our greatest English generals. Name the city, say upon what river it is built, and its chief rmanu- Jacture ; also name emperor and generals. 25. RIDDLEIEIIEE. My first is in stalk, but not in root; My second's in slipper, but not in a boot; My third's in Atlantic, but not in the ocean; My fourth is in carriage, but not in its motion; My fifth is in cowslip, but not in its dell; My whole is a flower we all love to smell. 26. HIsToRICAL PUZZLE.-A young king, celebrated for his virtues, but who died at an early age, was being crowned at Westminster. Three swords were brought to him, signi- t:ying his dominion over the three kingdoms-England, Scotland, and Ireland. He said, " There is yet one thing wanting." "What is that ? " inquired one of his atten- dants. He replied, " The Bible, which is the Sword of the Spirit,-without which we are nothing, and can do no- thing." Name this king. 27. POETIcAL PUZZLE.-The words when arranged in their right order will give a well-known verse of poetry :- Yonder the foot nodding at beech of there Fantastic that wreathes high its so old roots Noontide his stretch at length would he listless And babbles upon the brook that pore by.