msmssssssm
Clement summoned a singist for singing a sonar, In which it was hinteã that Clement was wrong. Tho case came for hearing, when Clement averred, That the song was the poorest that ever he heard. Then the Alderman said, in the blandest of tones, "They who livo in glass houses should never throw stones." Why do questions exhibit more wisdom than answers ?—Because they show more wise (why's). The Light of Other Days—Russian tallow. How is the Earth Divided ?—By earthquakes The Womau Question—Will he marry me ? UNBEARARLK. Cousin, Annie : " Go along, Charlie, you're a regular boar." Cousin Charlie : " Am I, Daisy? Then let me givo you a hug !" Cousin. Annie : "I should like to catch you trying, sir." (And she does catch him presently). A Dear Little Thing—A lady's gold watch. A Poor Little Thing—A puppy. A Brave Little Thing—A ilea in a lion's ear. A Fast Little Thing—A woman's tongue. A Slow Little Thing—Jenny, who won't see α joke. A Preity Little Thing—A gold sovereign. A Wise Little Thing—Mary, who laughed at papa'a old jokes. A Stupid Little Thing—The young wife who won't take α hint. Plouoh and Harrow—"All our best men," said Coleridge to Lamb, "were public schoolboys. Look at our poets. There's Byron, he was a Harrow boy,"— " Yes," interrupted Charles, "and there's Burns, he— he was aplougbboy." Indian Meal—Roast missionaries. Hiqh Livers—Tho cottagers on Mont Blanc. weather or no. These figures represent our artist's idea of the farmer's dearest wishes.—An early Spring and а late Summer. May First Cousins Marry ?—Certainly ; why not, as well as brothers and sisters, uncles, aunts, nieces, nephews, and strangers. How to Drive a Mother Mad—Make grimaces at her first baby. How to Pleaso a Father—Applaud his taste in his wines, his wife, and his boys. How to Delight a Daughter—Ask papa. How to Offend a Son—Call him a boy, when ho wants to seem a youug man. A Smart woman was she who conducted the busi¬ ness and put a slip of paper on tho door—" Back ш twenty minutes. Gone to bury my husband." A Very Old fashion—Last year's bonnets. 05
18. CHARADE. I'm fond of α row, sir, I freely confess ; And I'm often iu error ; but, nevertheless, Though I fly from the weak and abide with the strong, I'm as oft in the right as I am in the wrong. And though in a riot I'm first to appear, I'm the lost onthe scene, sir, when danger is near. You may call me capricious ; perhaps it is true ; But I'll wa^er my life I stay longer than you lu a perilous house ; for I'm there to the last, Aud you quit very soon wheu the first half is past. I leave you to find out my name if you will, If you will not, I'll revol in mystery still. E. M. L. riCTOltlAL REBUS. What placo famous for gloves is hero shown ? 19. TRANSPOSITION. Transposo tho first compatriot you meet, You'll fm 1 it by the seaside, at your feet. G. P. Loro. 20. PALINDROME. In ilio midst of tho sweetest of fruits I am found. The same I remain if you turn me round. J. H. Soppit. 21. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My primais and finals guessed aright will tell, Tho names of two artists that you know well, Their pencils' productions in the ·' Herald " we see, Depicting the incidents cleverly. В egin with a denizon of the sens. A cardinal's namo will you now add, please, К nown well in history (now take your case), E vorybody dislikes this I know. R ain congealed this next will show. F ind this town near the Caspian Sea. E ndorse a precious stono now, carefully. N ext is a river in the north, cold aud bleak. N ow dear riddlerä these words please seek. John II, Eastwood. 22. METAGRAMS. What ladies like if you change head, A fruit-rearing house you will have instead. Change tho head of the author of tin " Her.ild " tale. Aud a peacemaking pioneer you iheu will bail. J. E. PICTORIAL REBUS. What fashionable London suburb is here repre¬ sented ? Σ3. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Firsts and finals may be found In tho " Herald's" varied pages, Providing study most profound For our clever, riddling sages. 1. A female name this will describe. 2. My next, one of the feathered tribe. 3. A fight, by British heroes won. 4. A circle, this, sure as a gun. 5. Now, this a reptile brings to light. 6. A femnle name for this indite. 7. A picture, now, my riddling friends. Will bring this double to an end. John Surrey. Answers to tho abovo will appear in No. 34.