PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
THE time has come for me to redeem a promise that I made to my little party of pilgrims in Puzzledom. Perhaps I had better convey the invitation in a picture- letter. Here it is :- (A.) Puzzledom has plenty of pretty watering- places. I think before the holiday time is over, we will visit one or two of them, for the sake of variety. Some have yellow sands and tall white cliffs, like places on the south-east coast of England. Others have pebbly beaches, and ridges of rock, and cliffs of granite, or porphyry like those in the west of England. Then others have long stretches of low sandhills, overgrown with rushy grass, and peopled with myriads of rabbits. Of course the sea is the same everywhere-only the sea never is the same anywhere for two days running. It is like that wonderful creature the chameleon; it changes its colour every day. At one time it is inky black, at another sapphire blue, then green, next golden, sometimes yellow and cloudy, sometimes as clear as crystal, or with only the faintest shade of sunset- green. Do you know what sunset-green is ? It is that delicate colour which you see in the sky where the fading gold of the sunshine melts into the quiet blue of the heavens. Of course the reflection of the sky or the clouds has much to do with the variations of the colour of the sea, but sometimes I ten
think it is difficult to account for, even in that way. I saw the sea, a litle while since, quite leaden grey, though there was a clear blue sky above it. By the way, I wonder whether you little people have ever noticed that at times the earth reflects the sky as the sea does! Yes; if you go out some cloud- less bright day to a meadow where the grass is strong and coarse, you will see that its shining blades flash back the colour of the sky and give the field quite a blue shade. When you have found out that, try and find out for yourselves, with observant eyes and patience, the wonderful blendings and reflec- tions of colour that there are in nature. To study colour will give you as much delight as the study of music ; indeed music and colour have very much in common, as you will under- stand partly when you remember how the word "harmony" applies to both. As notes combine to make an air, tints combine to form a colour; and when once you have trained your eye to read tints, you have found a new delight, which I first discovered many years ago, when a party of four of us were lying down on the grass in one of the fine old avenues in Knowle Park, Sevenoaks. One of the four was a young painter of great promise, now, alas, dead-indeed only two of the four survive,-and as we lay on the grass, he opened this page of the book of Nature for us, pointing out as his practised eye could see them, the purples and reds, the blues and golds, on the stem of a beech; where, until he revealed them to us, we had only seen a rich shadow. However, I must not wander away to Knowle from the seashore of Puzzledom. Let us first take off our shoes and stockings, and have a Ipaddle in the fizzing foam that comes creaming up the sand as if the bay were a great champagne glass, and the sea were all champagne. Of course we have all brought our spades and buckets, and we can make fortresses, and garrison towns. Two or three of the biggest must be told off to dig a canal to the sea, so that our works may be surrounded with a moat in which our fleet can sail. If we have no boats, we can swim our buckets and call them ironclads; for they are somewha.t like ironclads-only not so ugly. Dear me, there's a scream ! Who's hurt? Nobody! only somebody, who has never been to the seaside before has had a fright ! At what? Why, at this:-
(B.) A SEA MONSTER. I. It lies there a giant, man's power cannot curb. 2. Present tense, plural number, third person, t a verb. 3. An indefinite article-so 'tis defined. 4. An insect, but surely possessed of a mind. Mly Whole, though in ocean alone he's a liver, Is caught now and then, I am told, on the river. Please tell me what monster that is! I'll tell you of another, and that may perhaps, help you to guess the first. (C.) ANOTHER SEA MONSTER. Seven letters, alone, form my limited range, Yet like authors, famed after decease, I seldom am " read," Until I am dead ;- And my first with my third if you happen to change You'll find I have turned into bed, And so forfeit the clause in my lease. That's great nonsense, isn't it? But then when we come holiday-making to the sea- side, we may be allowed to talk a little non- sense, and do some silly things. Only there is'one silly thing I beg you won't do. Don't dig deep holes in the sand and bury one another in them up to the neck; because if you forgot to dig your unlucky playfellow out before you went away, the tide would not forget to come up and drown him-and beside it spoils one's clothes. So don't do it, although people do look funny with their heads, only, sticking out of the sand. But take warning from the wicked Italian Count! This wicked Italian Count was in the habit of catching stray monks, burying them up to their necks at the end of his bowling green, and bowling at them with a heavy ball. Of course the poor monks would wink awfully, and dodge their heads on one side, when they saw the ball coming; and that made him laugh-but he laughed so immoderately that one day he split his sides and died, and so he was no more a count. I never saw a man who split his sides, but I can quite imagine-as, I daresay, you can-that you couldn't put him to much use. He could not even get a living as a beggar, because everybody would see through him.
But a truce to nonsense for a while. Somebody wants to know what creatures are best fitted to live in an aquarium. I gave you the names of some last month, but as we are in Puzzledom now I must refer you to the "Puzzledom Guide to the Aquarium." In the following picture you will find half-a- dozen suitable inhabitants :-- FOR THE AQUARIUM. NI
You can ha.ve very good fun fishing if you like, and are not afraid that you will be sea- sick. Ah, I thought so ! You want to know a cure for sea-sickness. Well, the only sure preventive I know is-not to be sea-sick ! Unfortunately it is a remedy that is not within everybody's power. Once when I went over to France in rather rough weather, a delicate-looking young gentleman asked me, just before we started, if I thought we should have a smooth passage. I was sorry to be obliged to tell him I thought not, for he looked very nervous, but I recom- mended him to go below and try to get to sleep before we left the harbour. He went, and I saw no more of him until he came up next morning, looking rather pale, just as we ran alongside the quai at Dieppe. I asked him how he had passed the night, and he told me he had not slept ; but that some friend had recommended him a preventive-which was to lie on his back and eat apples. He had done so, and he assured me with complete success. But for my part I should think it must be almost better to be sea-sick than to lie on your back eating apples for six or seven hours in the cabin of a steamboat. However, if you are not afraid of sea-sick- ness, sea-fishing is delightful sport. You eeT
catch such strange fish sometimes, it's rare fun. My first acquaintance with the squid, which is a very small sort of cuttle-fish, was very amusing. I was fishing off the coast of Cornwall, and my bait had been taken by a fish too small to jerk the line; presently however, I felt it being drawn away, so I pulled up. The squid had fastened his arms round the fish and was burying his little parrot-bill into it. As it came near the surface of the clear water, I was at a loss to make out what my strange catch was, and bent over the side of the boat to see closer. Just as I drew it to the top, it squirted a jet of water in my face, let go its prey, and darted backwards like an arrow. I am told that I cried out, " Hullo ! I've caught a garden-engine !" but I was too surprised to know what I said. I once caught a shark, too, about eight miles from the Eddystone, but luckily we did not get him on board the boat, or he would probably have knocked a plank out. We used to catch big skate, too, and the first time I had to haul one in, I quite appreciated the truth of a remark my father made in a letter to some little folks at the seaside--that "catching a flat fish was like swimming a kite." This is a pretty little corner of the coast here, so we will sit down while I describe it to you in puzzle language :- (E.) CHARADE. Above us on the cliff the samphire springs, Salt with the brine of many a stormy night; Close to the chalk the horned poppy clings; The grey gull shrieks and holds its seaward flight. And see, low-roofed, where doth to seaward front My humble First, exposed to tempest's brunt. Thence starts at break of day the fisher brave, Launches his skiff, and quickly is afloat To spread his toils beneath the heaving wave And load with finny spoil his little boat : And aye with curious eye a watch doth keep Upon my Second's treasures from the deep. What is it, glitters in the dripping mesh ? A ring-perchance from Caesar's galley lost! Lost years ago, it visits earth afresh ;- Say, what collector would begrudge its cost ? The wealthy antiquary, lucky soul, Buys it at once to grace my costly Whole.
Now, young people, how many of you will read that little history aright ? But as we are talking about fishing, I will draw you a picture on the sand with my stick. It is an old saying, which bids us not to despair because we see other people carry off what seem to be the grandest prizes in this world. (F.) PICTURE PROVERB. --- - ---_ I don't think we have had any Blind Rhymes for a long time, so I propose that we try some. As blind people are supposed not to see, we will choose for our subject something we have never seen-the bottom of the sea. At least, I have never seen it, though some of you, for all I know, may have been there in a diving-bell, though it is not very likely. You will remember, I hope, that you have to substitute the correct rhyme for the italicised word. (G.) UNDER THE OCEAN. Blind Rhymes. Where human foot has never trod, Where crawls the hideous terrapin, Where in his cavern deep and dark Lurks, like a wolf, the cruel sprat; Where the fair mermaid in her seaweed kirtle, Feeds with fresh alga-fronds her favourite porpoise; (The envious merman calls it an abhorred fish, And fain would set upon it his tame lobster;} Where the huge kraken in the twilight dim Delights amid the lesser whales to sport; And the sea-serpent, his vast coils unrolled,
Crushes huge reefs of coral in his grasp; Where the wild narwhal with its mates at play, Chases the armoured sturgeon and the shrimp; There would I fain in safety take my stand And gaze upon the marvels new and great, That fill the ocean depths and spread on every side. The bottom of the sea must indeed be a very wonderful place; but its surface displays a vast variety of strange things that we have yet to see, and have yet to understand. So until the time comes when we fly through the air, or swim through the water in some strange vehicle, yet to be invented, we may as well be content with the marvels imme- diately within our reach. Talking of vehicles, yonder goes a steamer leaving a long trail of smoke behind her. This watering-place is on the ocean-highway to one of the principal seaports of Puzzledom, so we shall see all sorts of vessels sail past. Do you know how the dif- ferent kinds of ships are named ? Here is one of the illustrations of " The Puzzledom Nautical Guide." It contains seven styles of vessels; let me see if you know them :- (III) S. I
And now as the sun is setting we'll turn our steps homeward, where you will be able to amuse yourselves with these essays:- (1.)--VERSE :-Sunset at Sea. (K.)-PROSE :-The Sands. (L.)-UNWEDDED RHYMES :-A Bay. Cliff. Tide. Surge. Weed. I think those will be enough for this month; so now to our other business.
SOLUTIONS. A.-Tench; Dace ; Bleak ; Barbel; Carp ; Pike. B.-L. and L. o'er D. and ten ants = Land- lord and tenants. C.-Drake; Hawke; Rooke. D.-S. in E., feathers, do-knot, tall ways, may k, F. in E., birds = Fine feathers do not always make fine birds. E.--I. Shame thy stones = amethyst. 2. So sale = opal. 3. Equip ear like =pearl. (" ears" a misprint.) 4. Rub yet = ruby. 5. Splendid I am on desperate= diamond. 6. Top azure= topaz. S.-I. Are o's = Rose. 2. Pea ink = Pink. 3. Pan sigh= Pansy. 4. Lobe Elia = Lobelia. 5. Larks purr = Larks- pur. 6. Bal, Sam = Balsam. G.-Fish.-Sal, mon = Salmon. Cheese.-Still, ton = Stilton. Fruit.-Straw, bury = Strawberry. Wine.-Sham, pain = Champagne. H.-D ear, little f, oaks, sum, of, yew, f. in D., grate d. light, inn, picture-letters, T hare, four, axe cept, I drawn by the conductor, of, Puzzledom in Good Things, four U. Dear Little Folks. Some of you find great delight in picture-letters, there- fore accept one drawn by the Con- ductor of Puzzledom in Good Things, for you. For I. K. L. and M. see answers. The following have answered all puzzles correctly, (I. K L. and AL. not being here included.) Henrietta E. Clay; Clara and Herbert; Katie and May; M. S. Jabberwock; W. Welford; Edith Harris; Alice and Florence Humphreys; Amy and Constance; W. A. P.; F. Forbes; Bacchi ; T. C. Hughes ; Lallie; Mousie ; Arthur; Hugh ; Amy; and Charlie ; The Nine Muses ; Beatrice and Aubrey ; Ethel and Eric; Nora Creina; Jumping Jehosaphat ; Daisy; Kitty Clover; Emily Agnes ; Stanley Flint; Louie; Dolly Ernshaw; Innes. The following have answered those puzzles of which I give the initial letters in Italics after their names :- Marion Maud, A BCE G If; T. W. H., A CF G H; Nellie Mac Donald, A B D G; Dick, A C DG ; Purchy and 'lip, A B C D G I- ; Jessie C. Robinson, G H; Fizwig, A B C D)E .F G; Alice, Freemantle, A C F G; A. and J. L., A C G; Laura Marie Jackson, A I) G H; Mildred, C; F. R. B. and W. J. S., C G; Charlotte Willarding, A B C D GH:; Florence Snell, G; Puss, G; A. E. Steinthal, A B C DE G H; Uncas, CD G; Zita, A B D E F G FG H; Sib, Boneson, BC D; Fanny Stanger, C D G; Amy and Maggie, C D E G; Penmorva, B CD F G H; Lillie S., B CE FG H; Augustus Halte, A C G; Mary Hewitt, A B C F G 1- ; Edith and Harry, C D G; Mary Henrietta, A B C D F G H; Billy Boy, G; Primrose, A B CD F G H; Lenore, A C G; Bay Leaf; Gand H. Ethel H. Wahl, A C D F G; Annie E. Suter, G; W. N. Brazier, C D F G; Charlie and Percy Carryer, B C F CG H; 'Trois Scours, A B C D F G; Agnes and Helen Robin- son, B D E G H; W. and J. Thompson, A B C G Patricia E., E IH; E. and F. Huntsman, B C DB E H
Pauline, C; Nellie H., B C G iI; Janie H., B C G I; Alvah, B D E G IfI; Helen Anne Mackonochie, G; E. Maxwell, B C D E G; A Wild Violet, CD G; A. J. Beck, AB C D E GH; Kitty Merry, B D G ; Celestine, Gracie Dacie and Poodle, A B D G; Guy Spick and Rob, B CD Ii; Tibbie and Tina, H ; Emma and Willie Shellabeer, B C CG; Dora Miller, .4 B E F G H; Brothers K., A C C; Edward, Freemantle C. and G; Constance Gant, A B C D E F G; Mary Gleig, D G; Francesca, A B C D F G; S. M. J., C D G; Effie and Allie, D L G H; Lilibulero, B CD G H; J. A. F. MI. , C D IF" G Ameer of Scinde, B CD G; Eveline Willoughby, A C D G H. J. and F. G. Newbolt, A B C D G; M. Hope, A B C D F G; Puzzled, BCDE G H; Ido and Bob, B G; W. and C. Eyres, B CD E G H; Isabel Ashwing, C D "; Annie Ash- wing, CE G; L. and C. Passavant, A B CD DE F G; Browne and Poppie, A B CD E GC; Madge and Effie, A C D G; Beatrice and Ethel Nightingale, C ; Sophie G, F and G; Shah, C; J. and J. Williamson, B E F G; Ella and Missie, A B C D E G; Harry Bilboe, A B C; R. B. and H. C. Johnstone, A B C G: H. S. T. V. T'., CD G; Chimo, C EG; May Tatum, :I C E G; Rod, A C.D GC; Mary Blanche Hayward, A B CD F G; Hugh Y. R., D G; Arthur and Harry Ingamells G; A. E. Clapperton, G ; C. J. Powell, C G ; Bo Peep, A C D G H ; G. R. Gwynne, F G; Willie Gordon, B CE F; Mabel Walmisley, ACDEG H; S, Fenn, Cand, D; Ml. F. B., CD 6; Butter- cup, A CD F G ; Beatrice Vivian, C and G; Lizz M. S. C., C; Tuss, G; Arthur Hayward, A C' D G B ; Florence Jewell, A C D G; William Rufuts, A B C F G H; Alice, Kittie and Nellie, B D LG H; Chrystabel, C D GD Puss, A C D E IH; Sandford and Merton, CD GC; Claribel and Connie, C I) E G; EArthur and Guinebere, C; Mary and Willie Arber, A B C D G H; William the Conqueror, -A B C - G II ; Puss it Boots, D G ; Herbert Dixie, C 1) CG ; Lawrence Dixie, C 1) G; Henrietta Pauline, G ; Cadger Cad, AI' B ; A twinkling Bed- post, C ; Johln Alsop, C and G; Siddie C and G; Annie Mellor, .- C D G; A. F. and G. A. Tenner, -A B CFG H; Lily of the Valley, 11; Matilda, B F; Water-rat and Tons Brown, A C D GI ; Luck, A C F; Ethel and Maude, A B C D ( ' ; Little Snodgrass, , ; Harry and Ada Marshall, A G; Annie CG., .- C D G; Bull and Shew Flie, B C G; A. T. H. A B C E G; The Graces, G; Amy Shipwright, G; Mary Paul, C; A. M. B., C Dt FB ' ; W. H. Smith, B D E G ii ; R. S. Genge, CE F G; Nellie and Edith Stevens, B C D CG; L. T., D ; Maggie Mary Borland, A B C D G ; L. and L. Nicholls, A B C G; Alice, G; Katie Abbot, B D C H; Caro- lus, iA C D F C; Nellie and Addie Vernet, A C I; Cornu- bia,oCDCG; V. A. S., A C CG Frisky, CB CE F ; W. H. Brown, .A B C 1) F G; Claude, A B C D G; Maggie Croll, A C E G; Eddie Sullivan, B CDEG H; Highcocka- lorum Jig, A. C D B G; Eleanor Bessie Shaw, A C; Lilian and Gertrude Kent, B 1) CE 'G ; Aimde, .-a G C; Codling, B C D E G; Luise and Janette, A C D G C; Lulu Abinetta. A C D E G; Margarita Nanette, A D F G; W. Sutherland, G; Emmeline, CD G; Karl C G; A. Wilson, A C DECG11; Agnes H., C G ; Ada Edith and Beachie, A C D G; Dolly BMorten, A B C I; Tweedle-dum, A B C D E F G; Shrimp, B D .; G; Logical Joe, 1 G; Ruby, B CD F G; Winifred Evans, B'CDBP(GH; Lena Victa,A BCE F G H; Vic- toria, A B C D 1" G If ; Dorothy Tylor, l B C D E , G; Wilhelmina and Henrietta A. C D G ; Chah, Ina, and In, .I B C G r C IA; Honey Bee and Bunny, A. C H; Linda Gardiner, A BC G; La Signorita, CD G)C; Toby, A B CDVE 1'G ; Jack, A ; Snowdrop and Topsy Clumps, B C D C H; Catchindtz and Kafoosalum, .4 C H G II; Elsie, C D E G; Sweet Briar, C G; Bro\nie, C G; Maud Stanton and Mabel \oodhouse, A B CD G H/; Neddams and Bee, A C E 1,G C H; Our Mary Ann, ( ; Prince Oistravieff, B C' C 1 ; Chris- tina McDiarmid, .1 B C D F. GC; Min, Onkey, aid Patsie, A C G HII; Jeanie, B C]) D '. And now let us see who have done best in the verse and prose essays. In the original verses on "A Forest " (I) I must give the palm to Lallie, whose verses I print, inserting one word, which I am convinced from the context was simply left out in making a clean copy. A FOREST. Tall trees with woodbine intertwined A dreamy shadow fling: Stray sunbeams twinkle through, to find The blue-eyed flowers of spring. There reigns a stillness in the air, Save when the wood-birds cry, Or wild deer rustles from its lair, Or bees go humming by.
Dim arches roof for many a mile The flower-enamelled sod ; 'Tis Nature's great cathedral pile, Whence praise goes up to God. But for two slips in rhyming "green " with "stream " and "song " with " on," Laura Marie Jackson would have run Lallie hard. In my first class, besides those named, come Louie, Christina McDiarmid, and Nora Creina. In the second class are The Nine Muses, Mary Blanche Hayward, The Empress of Venus, Shah, Mildred, and Alice, (Freemantle); Edith Ash has the third class to herself, and would have taken a class higher if she had not left the fifth line of each stanza without a rhyme. Catchintz and Kafoosalum, T. C. Hughes, H. S. J. V. T., and Ethel and Maude must be content with commendation only. May Jackson would have been classed but for rhyming " sport " with " thought," and Ethel and Eric lost their chance by a similar mistake in coupling " gone " and "morn," while Claribel disqualified herself by giving only two rhyming lines in every four. Ethel and Missy took a great deal of trouble with their verses I am sure, for each four-line stanza has but one rhyme-for instance :- bed head said. dread. It is a pity my ingenious little friends did not know that this close and excessive repetition of a rhyme is a blemish. When I came to (K.) the Prose essay on " A Country Lane," I am a little puzzled,- oh, yes ! I admit it-to find that whereas so many prosy words, and commonplace ex- pressions, get into the verse, such very high- flown diction abounds in the prose. So, before classing the candidates, I will just give a hint to one and all-Use the simplest lan- guage, and you will best convey your mean- ing. " The orient luminary shot his level rays o'er the landscape," does not impress one half so much as the plain English " The sun rose ! " I don't think my young friends have been very successful in their prose. There is no essay good enough to print; but there is evidence of a close observation of nature in the papers by Fuzwig, W. and C. Eyres, Ethel and Maud, Shah, Mary Blanche Hayward, Mildred, Mary Henrietta, Edith Stevens, and Katchintz and Kafoosalum. Marion and Katie Ingamells, Constance Grant, Amy Shipwright, Beatrice Vivian, Sib Boneson, Alice (Freemantle), Christina Mc-
Diarmid and Louie have the next claim to mention. Several otherwise fair papers are disqualified for a confusion of the seasons; one young lady has dog-roses in full bloom at the first arrival of the cuckoo; another brings anemones and honeysuckles together, and a third finds cuckoo-flowers blooming with wild roses. W. H. Brown's essay is ingenious and amusing, but not the sort of thing required. In (L.) "A View" the palm is borne off by Nora Creina in the lines I quote :- A VIEW In Switzerland. See, tow'ring to the sky, the cloud-capped hills, To paint whose beauty feeble language fails ; Leaping from rock to rock, the sparkling rills Fall with a silvery sound adown the vales. The lower slopes are clothed with leafy trees, Whose branches stay the heat of noonday's beams; While, far above, the mighty glaciers freeze, And send an icy chill through all the streams. Here, in a sheltered spot, we note a spire, Whose finger heav'nward points, though skies may frown;- The blue smoke curls from many a humble fire, And marks the chflets of the Alpine town. The first class includes also W. A. P. and Louie. In the second come Lallie, Euphan Maxwell, Claribel, and Tweedledum. In the third Alice (Freemantle), A. Wilson, Kitty Clover, and Christina McDiarmid. Nora Creina also comes first in (ML) Blank Rhymes, with these verses :- A PICNIC. We planned to go a-gipsying, one sunny summer day, So early morning saw us rise, and through the woodlands stray. In merry groups we sallied forth of happy lad and lass; At noontide in the shade we spread our dinner on the grass. Our movements from afar were watched by timid fallow deer, Who longed to know what 'twas we did, yet feared to venture near; In sweet repose we silence kept, and all around we heard
The musical and mellow notes of many a well-known bird. And when the evening hours drew near, there came the making tea, What laughter all mishaps called forth! oh, who so glad as we? We stretched ourselves upon the sward, (for even pleasures tire,) And rested, ere returning home, beside our gipsy fire. The first class includes N. Henrietta; W. A. P.; A. J. Beck, and Alice (Freemantle). The second, and last, numbers Tweedledum; Kitty Clover, Celestine, Lenore, Laura Marie Jackson, Ethel and Erie, and Christina McDiarmid. Last, but not least, my little friends' letters claim my attention. I have to thank I don't know how many for sending me flowers-I have quite a new language of flowers all to myself now, and a drawer in my desk, that smells like pot-pourri, it is so fragrant with the memory of flowers that, if withered now, have done their duty, and performed the mission kind little people entrusted to them. From the big bunches of flowers sent me by Agnes and Ellen I was able to plant one or two pretty trails of ivy on my rockery, where, I am glad to say, they seem to have settled down comfortably. Tweedledum will be as much disappointed as I was, that the splen- did strawberries he sent me were treated so cruelly by the Post Office stamps that they were only pulp when the Postmaster-General, after having detained them till they were quite spoilt, sent word that if not fetched away they would be destroyed-I think he was a little bit jealous because they were not sent to him. I must thank May Tatum for the spray of seaweed she sent me. I think if she had sent the little shell it would have fared no better than the strawberries. The little box of flowers from Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse was more lucky, and arrived safe and sweet; and so did the bit of southernwood from Dorothy, who is by this time "fourteen years old, and feels get- ting so aged ! " I wonder whether she knows that southernwood is sometimes called " old man," and that I begin to feel like southern- wood. By the way, I forgot to tell Tweedle- dum that I don't deserve the pity he ex- presses, because I have no strawberries. I have a bed of them quite big enough (I mean the bed, not the strawberries, which could not compare with those he sent) for my humble wants; but, unfortunately, my two dogs are quite as fond of strawberries as I am, I fancy; and keep a much closer eye
on the beds. At any rate I have found more nibbled stalks than fruit. I once knew a little dog, who was always being caught in the act of stealing strawberries; and once when he saw some forced ones, which had been sent to his mistress as a present, on the table at dessert, he went straight off to the bed, with an expression on his face as much as to say: "How was it I didn't know that strawberries were in season?" Apropos of animals, Our Mary Ann asks me to tell her if I have a black cat-I have a black cat with white points, a funny old cat, that licks my nose when I tell her to kiss me. She has been in the wars sadly, and has lost an eye, and broken a rib, and is growing grey ! The other cat begs, self-taught, and now I have a third one, which was originally in- tended to catch the mice in the stable, because the others were too lazy. She comes into the house now, and will, I suppose, get lazy too, and then there will have to be an- other for the stable-with the same result, probably, so that I shall be as overstocked with cats as Dick Whittington's royal bene- factor was with rats. Elsie wants to know how often the sea- water in an aquarium ought to be changed. Well, I should say not at all-but if she keeps a little stock in a stone bottle she may take some out of the tank putting in fresh from the bottle, into which she must pour what she has taken from the tank and cork it up tight again. But the less you meddle with an aquarium, I have always found, the better it thrives. The great rules are these --get the weed well established first, you will know it is right when it is all covered with little air bubbles ;--then don't put too many animals into it ;-and, last, place it where there is light, but not the direct heat of the sun. I was mistaken it appears in thinking my Ovidian friend W. A. P. was a girl. He is a boy; but a young lady, Patricia, asks me if she can read Horace or Tacitus without
help, as her study of Latin at school has been brought to a close with an intimation that she is proficient enough in that language. I fear she would find the task too difficult, and don't advise her to try. If Purchy and Tip will send me their names and addresses I will try and find out for them the information they require. This reminds me that I have several letters to answer which I will attend to at my earliest leisure, but my little friends must give me grace as I am generally pretty busy. As for photographs, I can't send them till I get them, and my photographer is a little dilatory. And now I must have one word with my little friend Buttercup, who says nobody knows she sends answers, as she manages to send them without anybody finding it out : and she ends by saying she won't send me her real name for fear I should print it, and then mamma would find out. Now, she is not behaving at all prettily; there is nothing wrong in Puzzledom, I hope, and she should not conceal anything from mamma, so she must be a good girl and make a clean breast of it. I cannot, at anyrate, take any notice of her answers if she does not, for I couldn't be a party to such a deceit, and my little folks in Puzzledom will I think agree with me that we don't like that kind of thing in our little party of pleasure. Before I conclude, I must answer one or two questions about the rules. First of all, in the original verse, I had rather not have more than three stanzas ; secondly, the classes, first, second, and third, range above the "commended" class; thirdly, I prefer all solutions to be given first in detail, e. g., "A- cat mail Luke, etc." Lastly, let me beg my young folks to write only on one side of the paper, and sign each sheet; to send all answers from A to H, on one sheet if possible, but at any rate to send I. K. L. etc., the verse and prose essays, each on a separate sheet, as it saves me much trouble in classing them.