PUZZLE PAGES.
SI, . . 1 / , , . , -,:. isi, .--PUZZLE. IDDLE me, riddle me ree, Perhaps you can't tell what I nimy ~ Look at the picture, there you'll see What is not atfirst exactly me; Riddle me, riddle me, riddle me ree. UI. Hoist it, let it play with the wind. And dare the foe to come To threaten our home, For the foe will always find Us ready, ready, ready, And steady, steady, steady, So the old bit of bunting that plays with the wind.
III. Hot boiled.beans and Yorkshire ham, Young green peas and a quarter of lamb, For tough old beef I don't care a-slam, But this, on my word, Makes up myythid. As I am a sinneriv tb~hingfr'dinner, But lumpDo: liiaXd potatoes hard, And thisforfig i- t g g ny reward; Oh,;idlr & adBhard I Fire ! fle i mre!hli i th'eib lot, Off go the engileapfflillikb:a shot, Jolly ! jolly ! jolly:I.isn't it hot ?- Hot toemy.feet'hotto my poll? Guessery guessy!. i gesay!l-thabtsmy':whole. 2&-DO-Bi Al d& 91 STI. Shbrittsnritnhiyt're gghii , etalFiblll' y `"" .iiýa'ns t dennopilt Ada·ttitey this E"b.°d-reh And say 'tis good,.roast,tbbloa d, or fried. 1. I say this, and so take your man off the board. 2. To put in this window I cannot afford. 3. My garden's untidy, I'll put it in order, 4. The beds with my third, with my fourth turn the border 5. A powder explosion, mills razed to the ground, Lives were lost, and much damage was done all around. 3.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. When ice and snow are on the ground; These favourite sports do-both abound. 1. Was once a ruler of an ancient land. 2. When nearing shore I'm fiist to touch the strand. 3. In Turkey many names begin with me. 4. And I contain the Jewish history. 5. From Russia's snowy regions I: am broughti 6. And everywhere am as a trimming sought.
4.-GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Two capitals of fame, not far apart they stand, This open to the sea, that faraway inland. i. An Irish county this, as all are taught to know. 2. This Scotland's minstrel sangin lines that sweetly flow. 3 Part of our sea-girt isles the tourist should explore. 4. Here Science raised a bridge, ne'er such was seen before, 5. A river in Thibet as short as is its name. 6. A northern county this--you're sure to find its name. 5.-DOUBIiE ACROSTIC. Thegreat ruler of the present day. 1. '£T;was dismal and dark as they neared the strand. 2;. A county and town ina neighbouring land. .3. The head of an old-estalidihed state. 4, On dress or :person muclihtued of late. 5. A play last year, ,the age:;ito.wn. 6. An operal y oneo0f gtri enawn. 7 I was famous forold..annyyea rsi ago. 8. This awsmallfiver:in Englandraesflow. 6.-GEOGRRi C DE. A E . .ACROSTIC. Two countries~ ft!anU li~i thie.hEastern sphere, In books.daudmaps -hey side'. ;side appear. 1. The foremost ~or of ;alFl iexrecontained. 12. This name ere~~owhasaayAyriinds~inflame~ 3. The dreadabe.dff one:a R ghionas ought. 4. From here the~piizep~tlifB~lReastbrought. 5. A lovely province,(iof feiileand. 6. How strangeoto this--Imsure yQu;understand. 7.-A PUZZLE. The regal half of one who ruled Old England in her palmy days, Makes up myfirst, awakes the hope That we may follow in her ways. My second is but half the time, Whatever it may be o'clock, And wedded to myfirst.combines Always to give opposing shock.
But plant my second 'fore my first,. And then your best attention lending, You'll see, ah me ! a sight to see, You'll see-a Christian ending. Now take my third, behold a feud, We are getting into.quarrel quickly, Or else the leech is three parts knave We sent for when we felt so sickly. And now my f urtn-an, p.easant fourth! Come hither, friend, my hand is shaking, Shaking to shake your, own, dear boy, And end at once the riddle's making. For years, and years, and years ago, When you were young and I not oldish, We pledged each other-that pledge stands good, And 'tis my ich'kolc--and not grown coldish.