PUZZLES. ORIGINAL AND SELECTED.
GEOGRAPHICAL LOVE STORY. A PRIZE PUZZLE. Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey had numerous admirers; there were two capes in Virginia, a river in the same place, besides numerous others. Now poor Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey was sadly puzzled as to which of her numerous suitors she should give the preference, and after taking counsel with a married lady, river of United States, de- termined upon acting with her lovers as the princesses in fairy tales so often did with theirs. So she sent them travelling to find some very precious thing for her, and the one who suc- ceeded in bringing back the greatest treasure was to be chosen as perpetual friend of Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey. The conditions were no sooner made known than there was a great Cape of Newfoundland, to see which would succeed in starting first in pursuit of the treasure ; but as several, such as channel near Prince of Wales Land, river flow- ing into Hudson Bay, and many others, were very far away from Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey, they determined to give up all thoughts of ever being other than distant.ad- mirers of her. When they had once formed this Island near Hudson Strait, they despatched their Lake in northern part of British America,
to inform Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey of it. The Lake in northern part of British America was a Island of New York time in reaching the end of his journey, but he ar- rived at last, and found that the two capes and the river in Virginza had said Southern Cape of Greenland to Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey, and taken their departure, while it was Mountain of Alaska. The message was soon delivered and the Lake in northern part of British America played a tune on the Cape in South America, to show that he was a large Lake in British America, sort of a Lake in northern part of British America. Meanwhile the two capes in Virginia and the river in Vir- ginia had started on their search for the mys- terious something which Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey wished for, and the name of which she would not mention. The two capes in Virginia being near neighbors resolved to travel together, leaving the river in Virginia to go alone. He cared very little about this, for he was a bright, active sort of fellow, and rather liked being free from his slow-going rivals. Starting on their journey the two cafes of Virginia pushed boldly across the Atlantic Ocean, keeping in as straight a line as they could till they touched the coast. " Ah" cried one of the capes, " I will take back this gulf on west coast of Africa, and this coast of Africa too." " And so will I," replied the other "for I am sure one of these must be just what Miss.
Cape in southern part of New Jersey wants," so after resting a little while they sailed off north- wards and each took a cask of Islands of the the coast of Africa, also a pair of Islands of the coast of Africa. Just at this time whom should our travellers meet but the river of Virginia, who laughed heartily when he found that his rivals were each taking home to Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey the very same gifts. "How will Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey ever decide between you, if you carry back the same things ? " asked he of the capes of Virginia, so soon as he could stop his laughter. "Ah" sighed the capes "we never thought of that ;" they therefore decided to give up each other's group of Islands in Pacifie Ocean, and, after a group of Islands in Pacific Ocean chat, they parted company. I shall not follow the travels of these too capes, but will merely say, they went all over the world, brought back everything they could think of that Miss Cape in southern part in New Jersey would care for, and were terribly dis- appointed to find they had brought everything but the right thing. They brought Islands of Polynesia, Bay of New Zealand, Islands north-east of Celebes, Republics of Southern Africa,an Mountain range in Africa, Mountain in the Holy Land, a country of Europe and Asia, an Eastern Country, Penin- sula south of Turkey, A county in Ireland, a county of Scotland, Gulf South of France, and a great many other things, and as they neared Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey, one at any rate carried a light river in Dacota in his fortified town in France ; for hidden away at the. very bottom of his travelling trunk lay a Cape of Washington Territory, and he felt sure that Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey could never refuse it, even if she were so silly as.to pretend not to care for part of the western coast of Africa. But Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey would scarce look at what the Capes of Virginia presented to her, till one of them, who was a passionate kind of a fellow, threatened to a bay of south coast of Ireland while the other rushed away in Moun- tain of Victorialand, lest the headstrong cape should endeavor to carry out his threat, but he soon recovered from his fit of ill-temper and gravely informed his friend that it was all a town in County Cork. "All very Loch on west- ern coast of Scotland," replied his friend, "still I think we had better say Southern Cape of Greenland and depart, for I, for one, have no longer any Southern Cape of Africa left." So the two capes departed to their homes in Vir- ginia, where they remained ever after. Meanwhile river of Virginia wandered over the very places his rivals had been to, but not one single thing would he carry away with him, nothing was good enough in his estimation for his dear Miss Cape in southernpart of New Jersey,not even the coast of Africa, which had so delighted one of his rivals, nor the gulf of western coast of Africa, nor even the cape in Washington Terri- tory, which the other rival had considered so
irresistible. On and on our river of Virginia wandered, for his Island near Hudson Strait was strong not to return Bay on east coast of Bajfn Land, till he had found what he was in search of; so he once more dined off a Cape of Massachusetts, caught for him by a Lake in British North America, and recommenced his journey. At length he came to cold, cheerless, barren Siberia, and there in its very coldest part, east of the Lena River, he found the long-sought treasure a river of Siberia," and carried it off to Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey. Of course the gift was accepted even though pre. sented in a foreign language, for as Miss Cape in southern part of New Jersey wisely said, river of Siberia can make itself understood in any language, and can live in any climate. M. For the best answer to this puzzle received before the first of January, we offer the choice between a pair of skates or a photograph album worth $2.50. For the second beat answer, a paint box, or a photograph album, worth $1.50, Candidates for the prizes must be under sixteen, and must send the answers in their own hand- writing, stating their age. Writing and spelling will be considered, as well as the correctness of the answers, but in this matter allowances will be made according to the age of the writer. II. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Who would imagine, gazing on my first, As motionless and stift it dormant lies, That when the summer comes its bonds will burst, And as my second flutter to the skies? I am a sea-fish, and by many bought, Yet hardly relished when by oarsmen caught. Though a " sandwich " isle I be, before you're fed, You'll have,to workhard for yourhamand bread. There meet the gay-but, ah! does not the grave Find many a warrior, many a hero brave ? Lightly skimming o'er the waters, Swift before the freshening gale, Quickly fly the happy moments, While we speed upon our sail. A thousand nights her tale went on, Her spouse was conquered when 'twas done. If to the Paris Exhibition you should go, 'Twill be as well this useful verb to know. It comes with the spring, in beauty most rare ; And fades in the autumn, when winter draws near. "The stately flower of female fortitude, Of perfect wifehood and' pure lowlihead." In days long ago they burned and tormented Poor creatures for this who were only demented *A French word is here employed.
III. A HIDDEN BOUQUET. Fill each blank with the name of a flower or plant concealed in the sentence. I. Gayly blooming in two old tin pans, I es- pied some choice-. 2. How can there ever be names enough invented for all the varieties of- ? '3 Can costly jewel or chiseled marble rival the beauty of the- ? 4. I hope on your parterre you sometimes allow an old-fash- ioned--. 5. I wandered o'er "a stern and rock-bound coast" gay with the---. 6. In spring we search far and near, but usually with success, for the beautiful-. 7. Stretched on the hill I lie, scenting the fragrance of the-- 8. That tall and stately plant I call a-. 9. Be off ! or get me nothing but a-. 1o. Let us stop in kind old Betsy's yard, for an old-fash- ioned-. II. Nancy, press vinegar on your aching brow, instead of a wreath of- . 12. " lpidee-i-dee-i-da" is your favorite song, and your favorite flower a--. 13. At sight of the bush, I cried in ecstasy, " Ring at the door, and ask if we may pick some-." 14. Fading leaf by leaf, ever fewer and fewer, soon we shall see no more our pretty little- . 15. Truly, all I lack in my garden is another bush of-. 16. Aunt Sue says that Uncle Mat is covering the trellis with -. IV. TRANSPOSED BLANKS. - go to- -you go to- - loves- I shall go to-no- Which do you prefer-or- H loves a He does-have a-
V. REBUS. The name of a famous musical composer.-St. Nicholas.
VI. A HIDDEN QUOTATION. In the following lines may be found a well- known quotation from a modern poet, one word in each line :- BLIND ! " It was but an hour ago ! 0 hour you seem like a year ! For slow, slow, to and fro, The tick of your moments I hear.
"Still hear ? Still smell ? Still touch ? O echo of days that are dead I Availeth a miser's clutch When his gold has vanished-fled ? "What use in a hand that feels And falters and seeks in vain ?" Through the dull dead darkness steals The sound of a mighty pain, Of a heart that is sorrow slain. A year that seemed like a life, And the voice is a voice no more ! The heart that complained of its strife Is a heart whose troubles are o'er ; Still death gives sight as before. VII. SQUARE WORD. A rustic, a thought, the opposite of far and to venture. J. T. FREEMAN. VIII. GEOGRAPHICAL CUBE. 0 ** ** .0 * * * * * * * E * * * * R * * * * * * A * * * * E * * * * ** ** N * * * * A The line O. O. is a place in New York State. The line 0. A. is in Canada.
The line 0. E. is in New Jersey. The line A. E. is in France. The line E. R. is in New Hampshire. The line E. N. is in Pennsylvania. The line R. A. is in Mexico. The line N. A. is a State of the West. The line (angle) O. E. is a river of England. The line (angle) 0. R. is a river of Prussia. The line (angle) A. N. is a river of England. The line (angle) E. A. is an island in the Pacific.
IX. REVERSALS. I. I am of value ever the same ; Reversed, a gentle blow. 2. I am a marsh or dreary moor; Reversed, I am part of a church, I trow. 3. I am ever an evil ; Reversed I am a fish. 4. 1 am a contest now ; Reversed, an uncooked dish. 5. I am a pouch or sack; Reversed, a foolish clatter. 6. I am a weapon bright. Reversed, am but a tatter. 7. I am always in the kitchen found ; Reversed, I swiftly turn around. 8. By water you go if you travel by me ; Reversed, by land, as you readily see. 9. I'm always on the negative side; Reversed, in fashion to be is ever my pride. *o. I am a very dangerous thing; Reversed, quite out of line I swing. I I. I am a beauty in embryo; Reversed, a pool of water low. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN NOVEM- BER NUMBER. I. LES OISEAUX CACHES. I. Owl. 9. Robin. 2. Nightingale. xo. Crow. 3. Rook. II. Dove. 4. Raven. 12. Lark. 5. Wren. 13. Heron. 6. Eagle. 14. Magpie. 7. Tomtit. 15. Linnet, S. Wagtail. 16. Hawk. II. PICTORIAL ANAGRAM, PROVERB-PUZZLE. -A new broom sweeps clean.
III. QUOTATION PUZZLE.-" More things are wrought by prayer than this world dreams of." IV. TRANSPOSITIONS OF PROPER NAMES.-I. Pensacola, clean soap. 2. Taxes, Texas. 3. Carolina, an oil-car. 4. Colorado, cool road. 5. Washington ; saw nothing, thin waggons. 6. Load fir, Florida. 7. New York, worn key. 8. Baltimore, broil meat. 9. Daniel; nailed. denial. Io. Catherine, in the acre. V. CHARADE. -(Lake) Ontario. VI. LITERARY ENIGMA.-The alphabet, A.B.C., etc. VII. BEHEADINGS.-I, S-hovel. 2, S-pine. 3, T-rifle. 4, P-reside. 5, P-resume. 6, P-relate. 7, S-wallow. 8, B-racket. 9. B-ranch. Io, B-louse. II, B-lubber. 12, P-lover. 13, W-eight. 14, W-omen. 15, S-mart. 16, W-easel. 17, F-luke. 18, S-pace. 19, O-pen. VIII. REVERSED BLANKS.-I, Gum, mug. 2, Ton, not. 3, Tub, but. 4, Ten, net. 5, Was, saw. 6. No, on. IX. CHARADE.-" Pillars of Hercules "(Gibral- tar). X. A COMMON ADAGE.- "Well begun is half done." XI. DOUBLE CROSS-WORD ACROSTIC.-Steam, Smoke. I. ScissorS. 2. TeaM. 3. EchO. 4. ArK. 5. MandrakE.