PUZZLE PAGES. 40.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
A LARGE city, the capital of the country in which it stands. It contains a museum, one of the richest in Europe, has been twice unsuccessfully besieged by the Turks, and twice entered by the French. The third and fourth letters of each of the following give the name. 1. A Scotch river, one of the tributaries of 3. A large British possession, which was the Tweed. taken from the French in the eighteenth 2. A French town, where Pontius Pilate is century. supposed to have died in banishment. 41.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A noble Roman lady, the daughter of Scipio Africanus, and mother of the Gracchi, so celebrated in Roman history; she was famed for her virtues and the nobility of her character. A Campanian lady, having displayed before this noble matron her splendid jewels, requested in turn that she might be allowed to see hers. She sent for her sons, and, as they entered, " Here," said she, " are my ornaments." 1. A very ancient German town containing a in Asia. The whole name translated means, splendid Gothic cathedral, which is alleged to " Old man's mountain," and is said to be so contain the skulls of the three wise men of the called from its resemblance to the hoary head East who went to Bethlehem ! and beard of an old man. 2. A French river, a tributary of the Garonne. 4. A Norwegian town named from its founder, 3. The first part of the name of a mountain who was the fourth monarch of his name. Of the first name take the first and second letters, of the second the third and fourth, of the third the fifth and sixth, and of the fourth the seventh and eighth; connect these together, and you have the answer. 42.-TRANSPOSITION. GHIATON.-The founder of the great wall which divides China from Tartary. Being -desirous to make posterity believe that he was the first'emperor who sat on the throne of China, he commanded all the historical records, books, and other monuments of antiquity to be -destroyed, and thus obliterated all traces oT its former history. 43.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A courtier of a tyrant, who so repeatedly congratulated his master on his happiness that he was induced to allow him the enjoyment of it for awhile. The flatterer was permitted to ascend the throne in regal state and receive the homage of the courtiers, but, while thus engaged, he looked up and saw a sword suspended over his head by a hair. Horrified, he quickly descended. " Dost thou, then," said his master, " consider that man happy who passes every moment in fear and danger ?" 1. 5. Now first find out his master's name What son of Cyrus after him did reign Who thus enjoyed this short-lived fame. In Persia ? He was by his own sword slain. 2. 6. To whom did Hannibal for refuge flee, What nation for its king did Croesus own ? When Rome defeated this great enemy ? This monarch was by Cyrus overthrown. 3. A Spartan king, whose celebrated wife 7. Much bloodshed caused, as well as war and strife. Of York now find the ancient Roman name. 4. 8. A King of Parthia, poisoned by his son, Near where did Robert Bruce a battle gain? So that he might himself a king become. From all these names the initials take, The answer true you then will make.
44.-ENIGMA. There is a certain natural production which exists from two to six feet above the surface ot the earth. It is neither animal, vegetable, not mineral; neither male nor female, but some. thing between both. It has neither length, breadth, nor substance, is recorded in the Old Testament and often mentioned in the New, and it serves the purpose of both treachery and fidelity. MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 45. On August 18th, 1862, I walked from Exford, in West Somerset, to North Molton, Devon, and then found that, by going one-third of a mile per hour slower, I might accomplish the remaining distance to Barnstaple, which was two miles more than I had already walked, in one hour more. By walling at my second rate throughout, I should have been one mile from Barnstaple at the time I actually reached it. I started at eleven A.M. When did I reach larnstaple ? what was my rate at first ? and the distance from E. to N. M. and B.? 46. Next day I went from Barnstaple to Ilfracombe, by coach, in a quarter of an hour longer than it took me the day following to go from Ilfraconibe to Lynton by steamboat-a longer journey by two miles. Had the coach gone as fast as the boat, the first journey would have taken one-quarter less than the other; Iut, at the coach rate, the water journey would have taken thirty-five minutes longer. What are the distances from Barnstaple to Ilfracombe, from Ilfracombe to Lynton, and the rates each say? 17. On Thursday I started at ten .at., and walked from Lynton (L.), by the foot-path round the cliffs, to the Valley of Rocks (R.), where I remained an hour; then returned to L., and spent another hour in dining; and then went, by Countisbury and the foot-path over- looking the Bristol Channel and the Welsh coast to Glenthorne, resting at intervals another hour and a-half, and so returned by the Porlock- road to Exmouth, my rate throughout averaging ti'o miles per hour; but, had I not rested, the walk from L. to R. and back, equal to one- seventh of the day's walk, would have taken only half the time it did. Find the distance L. to R. and L. to E. by Glenthorne. F. J. L. 48.-TRANSPOSITION. TYIASPH.-A Lydian merchant, who was so wealthy as to feast the whole numerous army of Xteres, to present to him a plane-tree and a ine made of gold, and large sums besides, to aid hlim in his war against Greece.
ANSWERS tO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 12. Adrian-George I.-Hannibal-Titus- Cato-Wren (whose remains lie in St. Paul's Cathedral). 13. Richard III.--Addison. RIHannsoN. 14. The queen of Edward IV. of Enigland. Her mother, Jaqueline of Luxembourg, married, first, the Duke of Bedford, and afterwards Sir Richard Woodville. This queen, whose maiden name was Elizabeth Woodville, married, first, Sir John Gray, who died of wounds received at the second battle of St. Albans. After the death of Edward IV. his queen was imprisoned in the convent of Bermondsey, where she died. Lille-Halle-Abo-Delhi-Valladolid. 15. EVIL V ILE I L E V LE VI 16. Too great a cross that heart doth undergo That's ruled by one whose tongue says, " No, I fear to wed, lest afterward My pierced heart find slight regard." 17. The letter R. 18. The attraction of gravitation. 19. 1. 1,075. 2. The area of a circle = 3"14159 r2, 4840 .". = -'14150, and r" = 30 yards, nearly. 3. Area = 3"14159 x (190)2 = 1 rood, or a quarter of the playground. 4. Let x and 17 - x be their ages. Then . (x - 17- ) = 3 x 17 (17 - x) +1; or a2 + 17 x = 434; and completing the square-- 289 2025 x2 +17 x+ 4 = 17 +45 -17+45 rx+l- =-! " =14 And 17- x = 3. 5. Let x = length in yards of shorter side, ... + 10 = longer, and 502 = .'- + (x + 10)2; or 2 + 10 x = 1,200. . x = 30 yards, and x + 10 = 40 yards. ... area = 30 x 40 = 1,200 square yards, or nearly one rood. 6. 20 ladies, 10 gentlemen. v2 10,000 7. Height = g - =44 - 1552'8 feet. Distance = 2. h. sin. (2"45*) and sin. 90° = I1 = 2 x 15528 = 3105G6 feet. 2v Time = - sin. 45' 2x 100 - 32 X '7171008 = 4.1 seconds nearly. F. J. L. 20. Butt-butter-cup. Buttercup. 21. The proof of the pudding is in the eating. To be read-THE P-roof OF the pudding IS in THE eating. 22. Man-ning-tree. Manningtree.
49.-PICTORIAL CHARADE.. I; -
'Twas with my first the maiden died, When lover false her heart had broken, As fondly pressing to her side, She held that fond. affection's token; Beneath its shade, the hungry wolf In howling packs his prey is seeking, While o'er the sea in bay or gulf,
Its prisoned length is lowly creaking; While thousands, rapt, enjoy the tones Which through the theatre are ringing, My whole and second through all zones Their mead of rich perfume are flinging The golden board of wealth adorning, The humble peasant's cbt not scorning.
50.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. F,,F~mu$NL
The half of my first, loud expresses affright; While its second, in spirits, a painful degree; Whole, 'tis a colour most dazzling and bright, Yet 'tis one which the eye is delighted to see. The half of my second's delicious to eat, At table or pic-nic an exquisite treat;
But cold and unshapely its whole, with a blo The ductile can model, the mighty lay low. Yet, joined to my first, a young damsel may h In her delicate fingers my vesture of gold, And watch my gay gambols in hedgerow or gro As she wanders at eve with the youth of her lo
51.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. 3 .. -
Bane of the sea, full many a ship Hath rued my ruthless greeting dread: While many a babe with smiling lip To me hath drooped its lovely head; And many a wife, with fingers skilled, Hath drawn the thread, the web hath wove;
And many a child, with pleasure thrilled, Hath pressed me to its lips of love. My third gives rest to weary man, And yields his back for his support; While of my whole, all they who can, My pleasing ease with raptures court.