PUO ZZLES , ORIGINAL AND SELECTED,
AN OLD PUZZLE REWRITTEN. "' If you please, sir, I'm a poor boy, but I'm awfully smart, and I want to work." The storekeeper looked at his customer in as- tonishment. The boy was a little bit of a fel- low, and his chin came just over the top of the counter. " Well," said the storekeeper " you seem to have a pretty good idea of yourself." "That's so," said the boy; I lost my last place 'cause I was so smart." "All right, then; I'll show you where you make a great mistake when you say you're smart. Do you see that jug over there ?" "No, sir," said the boy, looking hard at a green box marked "Six gross safety pins." " Not there ; 'way back in the store." " 0, yes," said the boy. "Now that jug is full of vinegar; it holds eight quarts. I've an order for four quarts, but haven't any empty measures excepting one hold- ing three quarts and another five quarts. Now, if you're as smart as you say you are, perhaps you can measure the four quarts from the eight by using the three and the five ? " " I can do it," said the boy, "just as easy as fishing." " If you do, I'll give you $2 a week and your clothes. No guessing, now; you must measure exactly." " All right," said the boy; "have your tailor here in fifteen minutes to measure me, please." The tailor might have come even earlier, as the boy had the four quarts of vinegar measured out in less than five minutes. How did he do it ? II. SYLLABLE PUZZLE. A farmer's tool is my first, A useful fowl is my second, A New England town is my third, My fourth as a cave is reckoned. Combine these three parts without fail, And read them through aright, And one of Campbell's poems Will quickly come to light. III. B3URIED BILL OF FARE. Soups. I. Boys tersely tell their wants when hungry. 2. The shadow in the picture must be deeper to be effective.
I. I hear that your friend Mrs. Haines had a bad fall last week. 2. The Elsie, whom I know, is a stranger to you. Fowl. I. Hens nip each other when crowded on the roost. 2. Don't stop long over that cup of tea ; let us hasten. Roast. I. Evil ambition is worse than none at all. 2. The Turk eyes the Russian with more friendly looks now that the war is over. 3. "Gee!" See how the oxen mind! Vegetables. I. Is the iron pot at Olney's store large enough for our stove ? 2. Ulric or Nat will see you home. 3. Don't touch that urn. I positively forbid it. 4. In order to leap easily and with comfort you must have on loose shoes. Puddings and Pies. z. That cap pleases me; and wasn't it cheap- only $1.99 ? 2. The early green pea charms the inner man. IV. PUZZLE. I am an object of great beauty, yet I am often made into a deformity ; I am purchased at great cost, yet the poorest are frequently envied my possession ; I am a frail thing, yet at loss of me strength has been reduced to weakness; I am easily managed, yet am shockingly cut and mu- tilated; I am found in every family, yet many would give a fortune to possess me ; I am imita- ted by many, yet none ever equalled me ; I am harmless, yet by me a young man lost his life ; I form garments, am a trophy of war and love, and am manufactured into ornaments, or trea- sured as the dearest reminder of a lost friend. V. RIDDLE. With youth and with beauty I ever reside, Old age and seclusion I capnot abide; I am e'er with the happy, the young and the gay, I give them their joy and take part in their play. In the first of the year I begin my career; I look out from the sky, nor in cloud do appear ; From the noontide and morning I haste me away.
Yet l eves ami seeii at the close of the day. In the sweet summer zephyr I cheer the worn heart, Toward the yield of the harvest I bear well my part ; I ever am with you, help you on in your way, Though all else should leave you, I'm the last thing to stay ; In the "sweet by and by" I too have a share, I help tell the " old story" ; you have seen me in prayer. Now surely you know me-what name do I bear ? VI. BIBLE PUZZLE. (Republished by request). We left our little ones at home, And whither went we did not know. We for the Church's sake did roam And lost our lives in doing so. We travelled by a level road, With all the heathen still in view, We lived to man, we died to God; Yet nothing of religion knew. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN JUNE NUM- BER. I. B-ras-S A-rc-H R-etin-A D-ic-K
O-asi-S F-o-P A-l-E V-ictori-A O-rde-R N-in-E II. Stand. Dish. Chest. Chair. Stove. Lamp, III. The Moon. IV. Spring Flowers.--Bitter-sweet, Hawthorne, Dandelion, Buttercups, Bishop's-cap, Blood- root, Clover, Crane's-bills, Crown-Imperial, Dutchman's-Breeches, Innocence, Morning- Glory, Ragged Robin, Solomon's Seal. V. Tumble, humble, rumble, fumble, mumble. VI. " Give me liberty or give me death." VII. I. Day-ton. 2. Berth-a. 3. Cumber-land. 4. God-win. 5. Wise-acre. 6. Martin-dale. VIII. The letter H.