PUZZLEDOM. By MiRs. BRODERIP.
E will now turn our attention to some of our old dra- matic friends, the prevaricating participles: you will observe they still keep up their disguise, and are as contrary as our old friend Mistress Mary, of nursery notoriety. One is hugging his friend, though he is only pretending to fasten necessary articles of clothing; another, who claims to be in her right place and position, is simply giving an audience to her dressmaker, while a third, who is blandly smiling on his photo- grapher, is really setting his whole mind against what he is doing! And the other three are equally deceiving, but our Pil- grims have now got some clue to their vagaries, and will no doubt easily strip them of their borrowed plumage.
(F.) PREVARICATING PARTICIPLES. 2. The next puzzle I am going to give you is a charade extracted from the Romances of Puzzledom, and I hope you will be able to make it out. (C;.) CHARADE. Sir Gaileaf was a gallant youth, My bonny Second, truly;- He burned to fight the cause of truth, And win his glory duly ! LUnt joust and tournament were o'e;, Each lance and sword grown rusty, The coats of mail were worn no more And all the banners dusty. He joined the gallant Onety First, In country quarters poky !- And, daring Fate to do her worst, Betook himself to croquet ! One day my first, which lacked one ell, By chance, of its full measure, Did trip him up, and down he fell, In wrath and dire displeasure. The ladies tittered, comrades sneered- As Gaileaf sprang up madly, While, most unmercifully jeered, He felt Fate used him badly.
Had he but fallen on battle-plain, A theme for song or sonnet !- But oh !-to think that Lady Jane My comic whole wrote on it ! The Clerk of the Weather, who lives in Puzzledom (Which accounts for all the odd changes and mistakes he makes in his arrangements), gave me the following statement in picture lan. guage, which he hopes to carry out this month. I hand it on to you as I received it :- (hr.) A PICTORIAL PROVERB. The promises of spring-that is to say the little green telegrams she sends us, packed up like Christmas crackers on the twigs and boughs, are rather late this year, but I gathered a few for ybu, and you must unroll them as you did the " Rose Buddings" of last June, for a little bud of a tree is cuddled up snugly in each of the, following quotations :- (I.) A BUNCH Or BUDS. I. ' The skipper he stood beside the helm, His pipe was in his mouth, And he watched how the veering flaw did blow The smoke now west, now south." " Dim grow its fancies, Forgotten they lie ; Like coals in the ashes They darken and die." 3. " And reapers, gleaners, and full carts of grain, With undisturbing motion, and faint sound, Fed the rich calm, whose marge a mountain chain, Soaked in dream colour, girt with Beulah bound. 4. " Oh, for the lessons learned by heart ! Ay, though the very birch's smart Should mark those hours again ; I'd "kiss the rod," and be resigned Beneath the stroke, and even find Some sugar in the cane !" " Ere yet they bade a long adieu, To climes, where soon the winter drear Shall close the unrejoicing year ! " 6. " We long for pine apples, in frames ; With hopeless wish, one looks and lingers, One breaks the glass and cuts his fingers !" You must search for your buds, little folks, as you dig for yO: buds in the ground, and then I think you will find the air is as full of treasures as the ground.