PUZZLE PAGES. 322.-CHARADE.
. LD BLUEJACKET now lives at home at his ease; He has passed half his lifetime in scouring the seas, And a course of adventure and peril has passed, But he feels that old age now is creeping on fast. So to Margate he hies; for where'er he may be, He thinks he must dwell near his old friend the sea, Whose changeable face he has studied so long, That without it he knows he should be in the wrong. i So he builds a snug house-a neat garden around, Which is graced by my whole in its loftiest ground. Each morn to his window Old Bluejacket goes To observe on my first, and see how the wind blows; For my next loudly warns him the night-watch is done, And he sees in the east the first rays of the sun. " There's no fowl of the air with my next can comparo For piping up hands I" the old salt doth declare. Then he sallies out, cager my first to descry By studying the clouds and the look of the sky; When, behold ! in amazement he sees that my whole Is pointing due north, as if bound for the Pole, While the trees, and the wind on his withered old check, Would shout out, " The wind's in the cast!" could they speak. So he holds out his kerchief (a piebald old rag, That once on a time represented a flag) ; It indicates clearly that breeze from the east That's alike detrimental to man and to beast. "Bless my heart I" says Old B., "why, my whole must be wrong, Which is more than I've known it the last winter long !" Then by tedious proceeding he swarms up the mast, To discover with ire that my whole is fixed fast i Some mischievous urchin last night climbed the pole, And, to tease Old Bluejacket, thus fettered my whole!
323.-DOUBLE ACRlOSBIC. A foreign coin whose value's not extreme; A fish that haunts the pebbly inland stream; And next the Birman empire's capital; The time of day when rays meridian fall; A rocky point whereon the chamois bound; The smallest share in the Old World that's found. My first, a first-rate power in Europe's scroll, Would gladly head the list, and rule the whole; Her fickle people veer with every blast, And dwell content with plenty of my last. 324.-TRANSPOSITION. EESSTCILHN.-One of the chief magis- trates of Athens, who introduced that singular law into Athens called the SSAIOMTCR.
CONUNDRUMS. 325. Why is a Damascus blade like a natured man? 326. Why is the letter L lilc a pricclc 327.-ENIGiIMA. A large savage beast, 'tis dangerous to m A vowel comes next, 'tis found in the str A fresh-wats fish, though oft seen in th; A very nice bev'rage, most people agree; A swift-flowing river, in America found; A strange kind of bird, that makes a sound. Now take down the initials, and write do And quickly you'll see a famed peb name.
2S.--CIHABRDE. Ell is pretty, and airy, and gay, Igeet little maiden is she; ~jfond of a flte, or a ball, or a play, ',oaght that is lively and free. s neat little foot in the neatest of boots, m yirst is so fair, she has nothing that snits w ell, as all people :agree, s co,,nd, that]ies vwith its delicate fold, ,,ttired in her war-paint, like warrior of goes out to ,inner or tea. otElla! you waltz, and you play, and you sin ,, ts break people:'s hearts byithe score; Dieresis yet nAl your punishment bring, lien the day of your triumph is o'er. ;;st you will bow to your captor, who'll ,-abol, my glittering wsole o'er its snow, gii flirt, waltz, and flutter no more ! ilof my second your blushes will hide, .robed, wreathed, and hailed as a pretty roung bride, is step to your carriage and four. E29.-ENIGILkA. ia the ofspring of the union between the seat powers of silica and alkali, and from nconjointly I derive a most ingenuous and idnature; one of my characteristics being Icannot Ireep a secret. The Phoenicians ceregiutcd with me, and for a long time dnot snffer me to leave them. I was par- rly attached, during this early period of istolnce, to the shore of the river Belus, a `an stream that runs from the foot of at Carmel. The early Crusaders became inte with me during their travels, and ,lasted me in some cases to their native ares. The Romans were also early friends 5e; indeed, Imay say without vanity that ned them very well and faithilly, ,so that ihcs may even now be seen :among the ex- oes at Herculaneum and Pompeii. At andria I acquired some portions of my in charms, being imbued with.some ,of the iful hues which have since adorned me. ity which is enthroned upon many islands next which claims me as a resident, for in Ssnice I was welcomed heartily, and in- din all the delicate arts that wore pos- Then did the French become jealous, lIas obliged to go over and live with them, lcty esteemed me so much that they even :llaws in my behalf. Of late years Great
Britain has invited me so cordially and treated me so well that I feel, however gracefully super- ficial and complimentary the praise of other nations may be, to her belongs the merit of solid value. I am not a stranger to her shores, for I first became acquainted with them in 1557, at a place in London called Crutched Friars, and the Duke of Buckingham was one of my insular admirers. The present dayis almost the climax of my triumph, for one of the greatest achieve- ments of the age in science and art owed its greatest success to my aid. I am fond of drink- ing, and am not a member of th6 Temperance Society, although water, milk, spirits, wine, beer, or, in fact, any potable thing, is equally immaterial to me. Indeed, poisons and cor- rosive or burning liquids take no effect on my constitution. I conduce to electricity, but am not a conductor. But my greatest pride is that I throw light in dark places, and am one of the illuminators of the world. I must be sensible, too, judging from my numerous reflections. As far as my practical uses are concerned, I need only say I furnish pavement, roofing, panels, pictures, vessels, buttons, shades, lamps, and a host of utilities too numerous to mention. In one of my many-coloured forms I have long been a coveted article of barter with savage tribes. My colours equal those of the rainbow, whose earthly representative I am; and my shape, weight, and size are various. I can form a fountain, or spin a hair finer than your own, and supply you with renewed eyesight, while I decorate your wife's neck and arms with jewels. Take a little trouble, and you will discover me at last, as the emissaries of a fairy prince found the lady he required by an article of my manufacture. Asswsrns To CHARADES, &Z. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 284. Eye-glass. 285. 1. :Steele. 2. Butler. 3. Temple. 4. Hunt. 5. Spencer. 6. Gray. 7. Lamb. 8. Boyle. 3. Bacon. 10. Swift. 11. Shelley. 12. Pope. 286. Btar-sh. 287. LilY-EvadE-ArenA-ParR. LE P- YEAR. 288. Death-watch. 289. 1. Alps. 2. Romulus. 3. Cann,. 4. Alexander of Macedon. 5. Dolgelly. G. In- verness. 7. Alfred the Great. AnctDLn. 290. Because he takes in the natives. 291. Tierce (tears). 292. Because it is in-do-chorus (indecorous). 290. Henry ate a street (Henrietta-streec). 291. LeaHl--OllA-ValeT--EvE. Lov:-- 295. Because he wants to get rid of his bullk. 29G. Note.