PUZ:Z L E PA G'E:S.
26.-PUZZLE. I. O fifty-six add eighty-four, Then twenty-two, and eighteen more, And multiply by seven; Divide by nine, and at the worst The figure last shall be my first, As eight and three are eleven. II. In the depths of earth 'twas gendered, But by Art and Nature rendered Fit for a queen to wear, And by its value reckoned, Men called it, well, my second, And never called it dear. III. Four cards out of fifty-two, Four men out of fifty-two (Not cynical, though I could be), Yet you must own, I'm not alone, Are half the men we both have known
Much better than they, should be? Some call them miscreants and slaves, Some call them rascals, rogues, and knaves, And some my third it would be. My whole is in the picture seen- Where you and I have never been, And never want to go to- My whole, as you the sentence parse, Reminds you of a screaming farce. You know it? Tell us-O do! 27.-CHARADE. A sweet little lass was my dearest first, With eyes that glanced so sweetly, That on me those eyes had done their worst, And they made me her slave completely. Thinks I, I'll second to first my first; And I'll do my best to gain her; Though many a one ere me has cursed His luck that he couldn't obtain her. One morn when 'twas whole without and cold, For I cared not for any weather, Said I--for my love had made me bold- "Love! let us come out together I" And I told her my true and fervent love, " Will you second, sweet first, to love mee;" And she laid her hand with her tiny glove In mine, and 'twas bright above me! 28.-CHARADE. I had a very little first A little way from town, And we used to keep a useful second, To keep the labour down. And every morning I'd to go To the city in a 'bus, And came home every evening Without a bit of fuss. One afternoon, when coming home, Within the 'bus with me
Was no one but a buxom' lass, And rosy cheeks had she, And quite a handsome country face, Not dimmed by London smoke; Good-natured I by nature am, So to the girl I spoke; And as the fear of Mrs. Jones Was not before my eyes, I got quite homely with the girl, And made her roses rise. I flattered her with cockney art, And took her hand in mine, And swore she was a goddess- Her bust was so divine; And if the 'bus conductor Had not been on behind, I really think to kiss the girl I should have felt inclined; But time went on, and soon the 'bus Began to rattle nigh The little villa where 1 lived, So I'd to say "Good-bye;" But try to fancy my surprise When the girl looked up at me, And said, " Oh, please, sir, my home is At No. 7 to be." I gasped for breath, I groaned aloud, As a thought rushed through my soul; "~Oh, wretched man," I thought, " that girl Is Mrs. Jones' new whole!" 29.-PUZZLE. Sitting round the green cloth board, 1;,1' Playing whist with aspect grave, " Mesdames, pray some jest afford I" Unavailingly we crave. Rest ye yet a little while- Tempus fugit-see the dial Each one round us toils or trifles No. 14 Round a larger green cloth board,
And every one his neighbour rifles-- Stealthily makes large his' hoard. There are some in diamonds rich, Rueful others toil with spades; And amongst them happiest which? Each is happy who can say He can triumph in one way. a k / The puzzle is to know What the cards show; The answer is to show What we all know- That in the game of life There is a winning card That reconciles all strife, And satisfies THE BARo0