PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
,&t. OU are now, I hope, my P Pilgrims, enjoying the long hoped-for summer weather which has been ' deferred so late. From every quarter have come tidings of disaster and damage, and " the rain it raineth every day !" The sun has so obstinate- ly refused to show his face till now that one could almost fancy he had more spots than usual on it, and hid him- self for shame. At last, however, we are begin- ning to hope that having passed half the year in every phase of unpleasant change, we may enjoy a little settled calm, and rejoice again in constant sunshine. We will begin our pilgrimage this month with (A) A DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My First, now coming in her place To bless the coming year, Has brighter promise on her face Than Summer's brow did bear. She brings us precious gleams of sun, Sore missed, and needed long; What Summer leaves so poorly done She will make good the wrong. May she .my Second amply fill, And with her matron pace Calmly proceed to do her will With her abundant grace; And feed the hungry nations all From out my Second's great, And eke out Summer's favours small From her more generous state. I. Double, double, toil and trouble, While the mental pot doth bubble; Searching North, South, East, and West, For the words that suit it best ! Multiplication may be vexation, But these are far worse irritation, The complex essay of mystification ! II. There was a little bachelor who kept his cheese and bread Upon a handy little shelf above his little head, liut rats and mice, and such-like things, his victuals ate each night, So he was forced to seek a wife to set his larder right ! 13ut all the lanes were narrow there, no coach or gig could pass, So in a little barrow he brought home his little lass. Alack the little barrow broke, as he did sadly tell, And this it was this very time his little wife befell ! III. Puff, puff ! A pinch of snuff, A long " churchwarden," or good cigar; A quid to chew, Or a " weed " or two, And made of this they all of them are! Iv. This Shylock was ;-although at least 'tis true To follow it, one need not be a Jew ! For so-called Christians of the present day, In shoals upon their needier brethren prey !
The celebrated three, who legends tell Were famed for speed, and made their running well; Although by the decree of Fate unkind, Each of the trio was entirely blind ! This did not quench their running tastes at all, And so they ran, and ran in spite of all, Until the farmer's dame, to end the strife, Cut all their tails off with her carving knife ! VI. Mr. North, your tidings tell From Polar regions,-is all well ? Are our ships set on their way ? And will you treat them kindly, pray ? Signora South, from sick ones dear Do you better tidings bear ? Have your balmy breezes cured Pains that scarce could be endured? Rajah East, your winds we hate, Sore you've troubled us of late ! But keep your smiles and riches rare Till we send you England's Heir ! Last, the daughter we love best, Do we greet you, Madam West ! Send us word of peace and wealth, Ample harvests, progress, wealth ! And all four unite to spread This o'er all lands inhabited ! Several of my Pilgrims have asked me whether I did not find it difficult to invent fresh puzzles every month, and I must honestly confess I do. Even the Sphinx herself, if you remem- ber, is only recorded to have perpetrated one riddle, and I humbly submit that, if she had to compass so many every month, she would collapse utterly, and feel remorsefully that she threw her- self into the sea very unreasonably, as she had only one CEdipus to puzzle ! We will proceed on our way with the following Square W\Vord :-
(B.) PICTORIAL SQUARE WORD. I hope the first proceeding will proceed prosperously now, for, in this part of France at least, the crops are looking very well, and ripening fast. I always fancy Continental cornfields are prettier even than our own English ones, for they are so plenti- fully besprinkled with the blue corn-flower, as well as with the bright poppies, and golden corn marigolds.