MÒvákÊâbtÊsm
111. CHARADE. I strolled out in the country, On one bright summer's day, Aud everything seemed first to me, As I went ou my way. I saw some fine old houses, With ivy-covered walls, And I saw a lordly second, With largo and portly halls. A town in tho north of England, Dear readers, is my whole, And from it every day wc get, Large quantities of coal. Herbert H. Арамз. riCTOBIAL REBUS. 112. CONUNDRUMS. 1. Why is Mr. Disraeli liko au artificer who n anu- faeturos ladies' work-Ьохез ? 2. Why is the Queen like a pcorish person ? 3. Why is it Louis Napoleon would have made а good teacher ? 4. Why are ladies' dresses about the waist like а general meeting ? 5. Why is this competition for conundrums, &c.,like an ill-contested battle. A. R. E. 113. CHARADE. If from my second my first yon tako, 'Twill just leave double what my icholc would make. W. Lloyd Davies. PICTORIAL REBUS. /Oi ^?\ IU. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A noblo vessel leaves tho dock, bound to a distant land, With α precious freight oľ human souls, а last and gallant hand. With heaving breast aud tearful eyes, thoy view dear Albion's shore, Aud wave α last fond first to friends they neve/· may seo morc. 1. A good precept or moral in my meaning iscouvey'd ; ?.. A European city, great at commerce and trade ; 3. Tho leader of a Jewish tribo, a wiso and learned man ; 4. The time when tender lovers stroll and future pros¬ pects plan ; 5. Hero England's King tho battle lost, and sought refuge in flight ; 6. A little more than usual, or elso 'twill not be right ; 7. A town and university that in Holland you may see ; 8. Some men affirm we could not live without tho aid of me. С Marsh. PICTORIAL REBUS. 115. REBUS. Take the chiefest city in tho riding, And α stream through three great conntie3 gliding; The smallest county in tho land, A town which onco to Wales belonged, A palačo stately rich and grand, An Irish province, fair and wrong'd, A lovely river in tho west, A seaport in the marshy east, Their initials join and downward read, And a fishy place appears indeed. John Lafferty. Answers to tho abovo will appear in No. 23.