70. CHARADE. My primal is a very common noun, Of gender masculine and case possessive ; My second quite as common wul be found Of gender feminine nnd case possessive ; My third, transposed, is just rny first again, He's found of diff'reut sizes, varions ages ; My whole is now before yon very plain, You'll nnd it if you search nbout these pages. 71. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A vowel ; to inspect closoly ; mild ; a French town ; an animal ; an adjective ; a consonant. My initials road down and across name a Frencli town. Ensest George Lovell. PICTORIAL REBUS, I H RYYY 72. SQUARE WORDS. Small town in Austria ; an article used in schools ; a womau's name in French ; α medicino transposed; small town in Austria. Peut-Etke. 73. METAGRAMS. 1. An Irish river if you behead, A girl's Christian наше you'll have instead. 2. A part of a room if you Vchead, A pile of hay you'll have iustead. 3. Au Irish county if you behead aud tranepe se. A titled шап it will disclose. F. J. Etherikjtom. 74. CHARADE. My first is uscii for seasoning food ; my second is the name of atree; and my "whole is an English town. CltOCODILF. PICTORIAL REBUS. o/^T£ 75. DOUBLE ACR03TIC. What may bo by ladies worn, I denote а portion ; I'm а seaport found upon the Pacific Ocean ; I'm no Christian, I must own, but au boatheii, there¬ fore ; I am termed а convent chief—I'll not tell you where¬ fore; I may be a simpleton, oran idiot, truly ; I a bird am, or a noise, often most unruly ; I am known slow time to mark, by musicians clever ; And you me might designate as proportion over ; I am not to King or Queen, anyway superior ; But I may as well observe that I'm not inferior. Their finals to a town in Wales, most closoly is related, Initials name, too, that for which 'twas justly cele¬ brated. Iaoo. PICTORIAL REB CS. &Ufc8WvJLl tisKoiOttt 76. NUMERICAL REBUS, 1,001 and ore, a European capital ; 55 and urconts, an English town ; 500 and wnese, a kingdom ; 51 and gos, an Irish town ; 651 and пае, an island ; 500 and ага, an Hungarian town. My initials name an empire. E. G. L. 77. CHARADE. I dwell with the lark, though not with the thrush, You'll see me in bramble, but never in bush j In the ocean am I, and in tbe blue sea, The captain, the mate, and the sailor court me. Where the bee sucks I never was found, Yet in meadows I fancy I sound ; Through the long cheerless night I am not, Though of day I'm the centre, I wot. Thouas Bedding. Answers to the above will appear in No. 17.