PUZZLE PAGES. 268.-CHARADE.
ADAM BETTY is feeble and wrinkled, For she's now growing terribly old; She is wrapped in rich ermine and velvet, And yet she can't keep out the cold. Her thin, trembling fingers are gleaming With diamonds costly and rare, As she takes to my first for a solace S When she thinks on then hopes of her heir. Her heir is no reckless marauder, -- Who trenches too oft on her pelf; ,He's a scheming and wily despiser Of all interest save in himself; So he tries to wind stealthily round her, And flatters'each foible or sin, - - ---- In the hope that the gold in my second She has hoarded so long he may win. Madam Betty is dead, and her kindred Attend at her lawyer's request. To some an annuity's granted; To all there's some little bequest. But the heir's face grows longer and blacker As the lawyer reads down the long roll, And he faints away flat on the carpet When he finds she has left him-my whole! 269.-ENIGMA.
I am a member (of no small ability) of a large family numbering over a score, and I likewise form one of that section of it which is indispensable. But I am a curious mixture altogether, as you will say when I tell you. all my qualifications. I am the middle cut of a large fish, the end of a colour, and the com- mencementof a fruit. I form half of your daily substance, though I am not in your drink. I am to be detected at the source, near the middle, and at the extreme end of a South American river. I form the first article of a celebrated Spanish dish, and I am part of an army besides. I am to be met with in the criminal's last collar, the parson's discourse, and the soldier's weapon. I am in woman but not in man, and yet I am in a mother as well as her son, though
not in a father and his daughter. I make a third of England's world-famed bulwarks; I am the head and front of her favourite emblem tree. I am to be found only in Europe, for you won't trace me in Asia or Africa, and yet I am in both. I dwell in all the oceans in the world. You should respect me,for I have nothing to do with sin or wickedness, or evil of any kind, and half the good in the world belongs to me. I harbour amongst those who are familiar with the sting of poverty, for I do not affect the rich. I live in every story, and you will see me in every nook and corner; but yet amongst my relations I am not even considered a mere cipher, for, in spite of all my nu- merous avocations, I am but nothing after all!
CONUNDRUMS. 270. Supposing a wife beats her husband, and he runs away, why is his action like a part of some watches ? 271. Why is a corn warehouse like Russia ? 272. Why is an unkind word from a friend like two cats receiving a beating ? 273. Why is the captain of a forlorn hope, in his selection of men, like a paviour ?
LONDON NEWSPAPERS tEXPRESSED ANAGRAMMATICALLY. 274. She met it. 275. Lent him her dragon. 276. Strong in the arm. 277.-:PUZZLE. I am of but fragile material, but I oftenpass through military campaigns. When I enter on my military career -it is an occasion of great ceremony. When I am in the thickest of the battle I take not :the slightest part in it; and though I am always defended, Iam often muti- lated, and sometimes made prisoner. If I sur- vive until timesdof peace I command the greatest respect, and receive great care. My hues are the most various. VWien.not military I am common at festivals, .&c.; and though I ,gene- rally betoken rejoicing, at the same time I announce death. Curiously, I am also hard, of a dull colour, and debased instead of being ele- vated; in this condition I am to be found in every street. I also denote a feeling of ex- haustion. 278.-CHARADE. He said, " I do not care myfirst For all your idle flirting; I know whose heart by all these jests Is the most surely hurting I I like your little jacket trim; I like your hat and feather; From top to toe you're dainty-Sweet, I love you altogether ! " I know at every ball and rout You're sought the first, with reason, For with my.second you are quite The 'math' oof :all the season. Earls lay their nets to catch you, Sweet! And barons come .t.o woo you, Like 'Tibbie upon Tintoch tap,' So many come :unto you ! " But, darling, though 'tis sweet to talk, 'Tis sweet to waltz tqgether; If you and I should marry now, Who'll buy the hat and-feather ? Who'll keep the pretty ponies, dear ? The house in Piccadilly ? 'Tis very well to laugh and dance, To wed were wondrous silly. " So of your tender glances, Sweet, More charily be keeper; This heart, so poor in worldly pelf, Yet feels your smiles the deeper. Some happier man must take your hand, And (all your beauty reckoned) He'll make my ,whole as settlement A very handsome second!"
279.-PUZZLE. I am a recognised institution of now gigantic proportions. My business necessitates con- inuous .and :rapid ~movements, which are axiousay .anticipaited. I take charge for a time,of theibusinessa transactions of the people, their private ;affairs, their feelings and emo- tions. I :alwayspossess large sums of money, but I am coontinually parting with it. I am also to :hefound atsatreet-corners and by gates. I am theeat.of the policeman and the sentry's patrol. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 373, 374, 3a5,aad a 376.) 214. Fall-staff-Falstaff. 215. Desdemona. 216. Miranda. 21.7. Walstaff. 218. Hamlet. 219. Haitl-AruM-MoroccO-LoG-EvE -TeN. HAMLET--IOGEN. 220. Snug-Timon-Rosalind-Antigonns- Theseus- Falstaff - Olivia - Romeo --Desde- mona-Orlando-Ncrissa-Autolycus-Viola- Ophelia-Nym. STRATFORD-ON-AVON. 221. MasS-AH I--CompanY-BelL-EchO -TalC--HooK. MACBETH--SHYLOOK. 222. Measure for Measure. 223. All's Well that Ends Well. 224. A Comedy of Errors. 225. Much Ado About Nothing. 226. A Midsummer Night's Dream. 227. Love's Labour Lost. 228. As You Lilke It. 229. The Merchant of Venice. 230. The Taming of the Shrew. 231. A Winter's Tale. 232. The Two Gentlemen of Verona. 233. The Merry Wives of Windsor. 234. Shylock-Hamlet-Autolycus-Katha- rine - Escalus - Shallow-- Perdita - Elbow- Ariel-Romeo-Emilia. 'SHAIxESPEARE. 235. Shake-spear-Shakespeare. 236. Cymbeline. 237. Prospero. 238. Hermione. 239. It is too late. To be read-IT-is too late. 240. Juliet. 241. Macbeth. 242. Perdita. 243. How happy some o'er other sum can be. To be read-HOW happy-sum-o'er OTHER -sum-can--bee. 244. 1. Portia. 2. Miranda. 3. Oberon. 4. Hamlet. 5. Imogen. 6. Ophelia. 7. Mac- both.
280O.-PICTORIAL PROVERIB. )) ". K'' V281 PUZZLE 2 . U. "o. ;-·-~-~ iilllE~~3~~Y 8. j-pi]ZZL.~iX-~ ~Ir-'l
I am indispensable to the prosecution of life's duties. I have no colour, yet am the source of colour, and possess every known and unknown hue and shade. I have no life, yet promote and sustain it in others. I cannot see, yet eyes are of no use without me. Though I am never
282.--WHAT STREET NEAR COVENT GARDEN DOES THIS REPRESENT ? 283.-CHARADE.
absent from the earth, I am never palpable. I visit every part of the globe, and travel with terrific speed. I am not made by man, yet he is continually manufacturing me. I have no form, but can move in any space. My birth dates before the creation.
Whene'er myfirst you chance to have, You must not do my second; For on my whole security Can ne'er be safely reckoned. Myfirst is always brought to you, My second is your doing, And if for ill my whole will make It very often rueing I
My whole at court as evidence Is very rarely taken; For some will listen to myfirst, Some call my next mistaken; In short, my whole is everywhere But very poorly reckoned. You can't depend upon myfirst, Nor trust upon my second.