63. ENIGMA. On the green, in tho street, at a revel or fair, An admiring crowd oft at my antics will stare ; I fly in the air with a very strango motiou, But the cause of its strangeness, I've really no notion : I'm a vessel, a toy, I am often а pet, On your cupboard you'll find I am usually set ; I'm the cause of much poverty, sorrow and woe, Yet the fault is not mine, for I'm harmless, I trow; If you use me too ofton, I'd have you to learn, If not careful, you soon would become me in turn ; I am hard, I am bright. I am cast, I am cut, Very often in hashes and pies I am put ; I'm a bipod, quadruped, a beast and a bird, And now I will leavo you to find out the word. G. P. Lono. PICTORIAL REBUS. ■ша U. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Sir Arthur W cllCBİey at my first a glorious battle won, My second is a city lai g î warmed by а Western sun ; My third are very ancient folk who iu my fifth did dwell, And still my fifth keeps np its name, in Europe'tis I tell. My fourth's another European town I thiuk you'll find, It's noted for its wooden clocks and toys of divers kind. My finals and my primate read, and having put them down, You'll fiud α smallish river and а famous noted town. 55. SEVEN LETTER SQUARE. My first is one who draws refreshing, beer, And frothing offers it to thirsty, foaming wearied men. My second means to put in motion or to move, My sixth is everlasting, not within your ken. My third'8 au ancient seaport town, where once was born, Areesilaus, of the academic sect. My fourth's a seaport town of Macedonia, Whose letters 3 and 4 transpose to make correct. My fifth is thus obtaiued :—a circle draw, and thon, A perpendie'lar line but just to meet the arc. Tho seventh meaus, ho seasons once again with salt, Transpose its letters 5 and G be pleased to mark. The Hag. PICTORIAL REBUS. •Га 56. CHARADE. My first is а branch of a tree, A girl's name, is my next you'll see, Aud a largo fleet of ships my ivhole will bo. Henry HAkman. 57. ANAGRAMS. 1. On real base. 2. Nor can I age to. 3. Mado auro. 4. Torn namo clue. 5. Tie long ages. 6. I name not. 7. Man's leg tied. 8. Star over boy. 9. A gan scour. 10. A nicer sign. 11. Men did vile. 12 öiuging lato H. G. F. L. 58. LOGOGRIPH. Cut off my head, I stand a welcome sight To weary traveller at the close of night ; Cut off my tail, and I become а treat For boys or girls, aud very good to eat. Both head and tail remove, I still am there, My head alone will grow into a flower ; My tail alone nice new-lail eggs will give, I'm often gold, though scorned by all who live. J. G. R. Answera to tho above will appear in No. Gľ.