PUZZLE PAGES. 564.--CHARADE.
-.- Z H, who will cross the river deep, The stream so deep and wide, To bear mne to you pleasant downs, Where waits my bonny bride ? I've travelled far o'er heath and moor, And night is falling fast; The shadow of her plumy wings Upon my path is cast. I've traversed miles of barren sand My first to reach with speed, And Inow my whole is not at hand To serve my urgent need !" Then sang the Kolpies-" Calm and dIe Is the ocean bed where thou shalt sleep; We have levelled the sand and smooth !) V N IFor thy weary head beneath the billow(" But the Kelpies' voice in the lover's car Seemed but the plash of the waters clea "I'll give my bugle of silver fine, -'- j' With its belt of silken twist,
For my second, whatever be its kind, To bear me through the mist That clouds yon heights where my love waits To welcome me this night, For the silver moon will be coming soon To give us her tender light. I've travelled in haste to reach my first Along the sands of Dee, But e'en in rays of the setting sun lMy whole I can never see!" And still sang the Kelpies-" Soft and low We have smoothed thy couch where the waters flow ; With tresses of weeds, both green and red, Thy watery pillow we have spread !" But their syren voice in the lover's ear Seemed but the noise of the wave's so clear. Fair Marjorie watched from the gay green downs That stretched far down to the sea, And hoped to mark my whole at the shore, And her briderroom bold to s.e. She plucked the daisies so silver white, The kingoups of carved gPld, £hat close on tbhetreacherous edge of the cliff Still kept a tenacious hold. But the cold grey shadows of even fell O'er greensward, flower; and lea,
But my second o'er all the watery waste Fair Marjorie could not see ! And the Kelpies laughed as they below The tall white cliff where the gowans gr And sang, " You may gaze on the d main, Fair maid, but he will not come again ' But Marjorie deemed the sounds in her Were the rippling waves as they mu clear. Cold dawned the light of the morrow mI On the yellow sands of Dee, But the soldier gay who sought my first Had tempted the stormy sea. For lack of my whole he had vc:::red r To swim in the rising tide, But the pitiless waves had failed to bea Him safe to his bonny bride. Fair Marjorie weeps in Allhallows hirk, And bitterly doth complain Of my worthless second, my idle eio e, And the hungry, treacherous main While the Kelpies sang with wicked gI "All hail to our traps on the angry se Well speed myfirst, my second, my eo While they yield tous such a famounst But deaf to their songs is each loing And nothing replies but the ripple clea
565.--ENIGMA.
sewidow, her deep grief to show, rdes me to proclaim her woe; : the poor nun renounces me ith all her worldly vanity. ~oetimes I'm the self-same thing sedby a beggar, then a king, may by country girls be borne, en by a duchess proudly worn.
Sometimes I'm bright, sometimes I'm dead, I'm black, and white, and brown, and red, Yet can I by a magic sleight Change to black my red or white ; Unlike the alchymists of old, To silver I transmute my gold.
566.-HISTORlICAL PUZZLE. I i K 7\ ,a " -Al
567.-REBUS. a word of five letters, two of w.itth te ,with three consonants, but L;am e:ap·'L o Sdifference of pronunciation, as well as infinite variety of expression. My 2, 3, 4 nricular organ; my 2, 3, 4, 5 the same in in perfection; and yet my 2, 3 4 is one e portion of a cereal of which my 2, 3, 4, 5 Yru at least a sheaf ; my 5, 1, 3, 4 gives aeavenly body, at which my 5, 1, 3, 4, 2 With astonishment; my 5, 2, 3 places you s ocean; my 5, 2, 3, 4 what time and hot Snssupposed to do; my 1, 3, 4, 5 form the of our wooden walls, and my 1, 3, 4 mortar; my 4, 3, 1 is a gentleman popu- cypposed to have come over with William C.qaeror; my 4, 3, 1, 5 his numerous de- entsexisting in our time; my 1, 2, 3 what s when you take my 5, 2, 3, 1; my 3, 4, 1 sieilised rival of Nature; my 5, 3, 1, 2 is you did when you took my 5, 2, 3, 1; my 5,2 is what they used to do to a house in Alrasehid's time when he ordered it to Sirayed; my 4, 3, 1,2 is what we like when syeedy, and dislike when very slow; my ,1,, 5 is what Joe Henpeck's wife does, great discomfort, while, in its general itiswhat all respectable people dislike; ,, 4 are the posts of the corn-field;
my 3, 4, 5 ,hat.exists. Finally, if you cannot diSgover me by .} e help and stimulus of my 1, 2, 3, yopoug]t not to have any of my 4, 2, 5, 1, and ought to shed my whole f r your want of comprehension! 56S.-CHARADE. Reverse my first, you'll find it set In crown, and crest, and coronet; My second's half a fabled creature, Formed like a fish, with human e ture My t-ird is two-fifths of a river, And yet is found in Cupid's quiver; My !ourthL, in morals taught to youth, Is termed the opposite of truth; And mark, my whole, as here set forth, Belongs to the Wizard of the North. ANswERs TO CHAnADES, &c. (Pages 466, 467, and 468, Pol. VII.) 553. Sweet-heart. 554. Board. 555. Wall-flower. 556. MDCLXVI. Martial-Demosthenes- Csesar-Livy-Xenophon-Virginia-Icarus. 557. I. Faint heart never won fair lady. ut. Praise afair day at night. na. Little strokes fell great oake. Iv. All is fish that comes to the net.
569.--CHARADE.
My Grandmother Grove was of women the best; Sho had not outlived her youth's merriment sunny; None trilled such a ballad, or told such a tale, Or made so much mirth by her speeches so fnnny. From the dames of her date to the babies she nursed, All found something nice in my granny's dacp firstl She'd a smile for the old, and a cake for the young; She was deeply concerned with all people in love;
~r _
And among her relations none carefully reckoned Or cared to inherit a share of my second! No marble was reared over Grandmother Grove, But a bright little garden within a stone border Was planted and watered by fond loving hands, And through many a year it was ne'er out of order, Enshrined in a radiance tender and sunny That never arose in the world from her - But alas for the young folk who all missed her sore I How many a courtship since then has mis- carried !
570.-ENIG IA. I am a robber on the sea, Behead me, I shall furious be, Again behead me, and a price You fix upon me in a trice. Now of my head once more bereft. I'm swallowed up-there's nothiing left,
She made pies, and made matches, more than all; There was ne'er such a woman as mother Grove! Ring, ribbon, or sweet, book, pencil, or A host of fine things dwelt in grand -1 But Death had no mercy on Grandmothe Alack! what a whirlwind of sort sighing Arose when a rumour was spread thro town That the kind-hearted, loving old l dyingl
It's only a wonder that any at all Of her many descendants have e married! While the children lament, and there can console For their jolly old granny who gave i whole! The lasses forego barley-sugar and head The lads must dispense with top, m apple, For my bountiful first that supplied needs Lies interred with its owner in Enderby We mourn like young drones reft of po honey For one who bestowed all our first --
\ 1 , ___ E XI' T