1 7 "1 - I, d · M r°
PRIZE ('OMPI'TITIONS. I NQUIRER.--[Particulars of all new ( ompetitions will be given in the January part of ]LITTi, l" oi.S.l-El.] JAC\(K IIoRNER.---[If you care to send specimens of arithmetical puzzles I shall be glad to look at them.--Enu. ('. 11. R. writes, in answer to R. S. IlARNEts' inquiry how to nmake sherbet : ' Rub half-a-pound of loaf sugar on the Lind of a lemon till the yellow part is taken off. Crush the sugar to powder, and mix it with four ounces of tartaric acid and four ounces of bicarbonate of soda. Rlul the mixture through a fine sieve; put it into a dry bottle, and keep well corked till wanted." (tAI.s.A\ND AMUSiMiINTS. 1'. S. writes, in answer to ViourcrI RYAN: " I think she will find Fish-ponds and also Draughts nice parlour games for two persons." Il'ItOitE.-- [A (Christmas charade is published in " The tlad Time," the IIT TLr., JOLKS Annual for i88i. --+n). LITERA T'U R,. t'. i.-[" Aunt Tl'abitha's Waifs " is published its a Iook by Messrs. (Cassell, Petter, Galpin & Co.-EuD.] IFRANIK wants to know if any one can tell him where he could find a poem on the word ' Noble "-noble being the meaning of a name. i' IMM ELII.; \\ wishes to know of sonime things she coulu I laket for presents to ladies and girls. IltK.REN;uRIAl wishes to know how to make knitted w\ oollen cuffs with beads on them. GRANNY asks if any readers of LITIrT.l: Fol.cs can tell her the way to make a pair of mittens with thumhs in silk, also the kind of silk, and how mulchi wouhl le required. RANNY writes, in answer to L,. I. S., who asks tor a pattern for a pair of beldroom slippers: "She could cut a pair out of some material--whatever she prefers, so long as it is suitable-and work a spray of flowers or something on the toes, and then line them and sew on to cork soles." (GENi:RAL. W. V. ,LAW ri.ti. writes, in answer to MEDIUM POINTr'S question as to how to make sensitive paper for printing pho- tographsl : 'Saturate a piece of good paper with a solution obtained by dissolving some common salt in rain-water, and dry it with a clean rag ; then add one ounce of clean rain- water to fifty grains of nitrate of silver, and brush one side of the paper with this solution. The paper will be then ready for use. To fix the picture, you must well wash it in salt and water. Everything must be very clean. Take care that you prepare the paper by candle-light." T. E. F. wishes to know how to varnish an engraved map, and the materials to be used.
.IT'r'r'tL ELLr..: would be glad if any one could tell her of a preventive and a cure for chilblains. N. writes, in answer to PAT's question how to oil the strings of a racquet: "Take a piece of rag, and having just moistened it with olive oil, apply it to the strings.' \'ILD Rose, asks if any reader of IT.L'rlrI " Fol.Ks can tell her by what Saxon nickname Henry Beauclerc was called by his discontented barons. DIA)lN:\ I':'rtlcE.- Two of the largest childr'n's hospitals in london are the l'ast London Ilospital, Shadwell, l':., and the Hospital for Sick Children, Great Ormond Street, W.'. As there is a " I T'It.ri I'omLls Cot " at the former institution, perhaps you would like to take your present to the occupant of it.--E.1 F. G. (GREEN writes, in answer to HAIISTONE and SNo\nAL.L's question as to the origin of "John Bull," that the term was first used in a satire, entitlet " The History of John Bull," written by Dr. Arbuthnot in 17r3. 'The object of this satire was to throw ridicule on the politics of l';urope during lihe contest for the Spanish succession,. John Bull is the Englishman, Nicholas Frog is the D)utchman, and 'harles II. of Spain and Louis XIV. are called Lord Strutt and Louis Baboon. F. E. L. would like to know the origin of the word ' cockney." N:AT'r:n .\ , IIsri tonY. 1it17t atinsaers ,y /he Erit, ,,/"it' " L/., . o X, '.',, , SMl.Ithoit asks why a goldfinch sheds its calk now .iit then. Is it a disease? and what should be done to it? iWe have never met with an instance of the kind, and cannot recommend what should be done in such a case. We have heanrd of something of the kind once before, ibut treated it as uniworthy of helief. SWitl'll Ctri :\l;'" woill Idhe gla;d to know how to teach a votng bullfinch to pipe, and at what age it shoutl begin.-['Ihe bird should be young when given its first lesson. It is immaterial how young it is so long as it has begun to chirp. The usual way is to keep the bird in the dark, and to whistle or play the tune it is to learn on ; flute or a bird organ. The work of teaching must be well persevered in. Before breakfast is a good time for a lesson, and when the bird begins to pipe always reward it with a grain of hemp seed. Never approach it without a kind word, and either a turn of the organ or a whistle. The main thing is to allow the bird to have nothing to distract its attention, in fact, to have nothing to do but to listen and to hear the same tune incessantly, and always to hear it from bginning to end. It is necessary to teach one tune at a time, andt the first one should be of a very simple kind.' lvoxus. - :\n article on " 'ormice " was published in r'rITTLi; FOLKS for February, 188o.--I'D.]