RECREATION COLUMN. REC~ATIONs.-Joseph Singer, Hokitika -Anagrams not good enough.- E. A. H.-Yes, if good, distinguishing the selections; most of those forwarded are well-known. "** No questions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 72. Answer to Enigma.
UaQCUET.--By Helen Mitford, Sandhurst; A. P. T., Fitzroy; G. W. Rockin, Brunswick; and E. M. A., Hawthorn. Answer to Puzzle. oUn -MuSIzozAN.-Walter Thorn, Prahran; J. S., Ballarat; B. M. A., thoma; and P. 8hields, Queen-street.
Answers to Gharades. 1. BRIDE-WELL.-By M. Quigley, Woodford; and W. T., Prahran. 2. HRno-DoT-us.--By E. Huybers, Hobart Town; Linnaus; G. W. H., Brunswick ; ,.Amelia, Sydney; T. E. S., North Brighton ; Mountjoy, East Melbourne ; and A. P. T., Hawthorn. 3. MARCus CLARKE. - By Linnaus; Frank Withers, Mansfield; T. E. S.; E. Huybers, Hobart Town; G. W. H.; J. J. C., Mucaleford; and J. Rout, Beaufort. Answers to Riddles. 1. We have received only one correct reply to this Riddle from any of our young contributors ; namely, J. Rout, of Beaufort ; it is-L-E-V-E-R. 2. To-Moanow.-By James Walker, Mansfield ; Owen Lloyd, 'Geelong ; J. Watson, Eltham; and W. A. Mills, Footscray. Answers to Arithmetical Questions. 1.-£300.-By Linneus ; M. Quigley, Woodford; J. Ellis, Kyneton; W. C. McK., Richmond; "Fifteen of Us," Prahran; T. Johnson, G. Pr. 0.; J. J. C., Muckleford; and J. Rout, Beaufort. 2.-10: 10 :: 6: 6.-By M. Quigley, Woodford; Linnmeus ; M. Newton, Sandridge ; Edw. Hill, Carlton ; J. T. S., Sale ; "Fifteen," Prahran; J. J. C., Muokleford; and J. Rout, Beaufort. Answers to the Four Whats. 1-Fowl, owL ; 2-Cart, caR ; 3-Shaddock, HADDOCK ; 4-Trout, RouT.-The foilowing answered ALL; viz., W. R. S..; J. Weedow; E. A. Smythe; and T. Johnson.-These answer only p.rtially: J. Davidson; E. P. Botten; Charles J. Wright; W. Miles; J. Riut; and T. Jacason. CHARADE.--B E. F. H. Wherever man is, there am I; All love and seek my company; I live on every kind of fare, And sometimes make a feast on air; Few things for life will harder strive, Yet oft I die, and oft revive; But, strange to say, life would for ever flee, If what I live you once gave to me. ENIGMA.-(SELECTED.) From ruby doors we issue forth, From east to west, from south to north; Unseen, unfelt, by night, by day, A broad we take our airy way. We fasten love, we kindle strife, The bitter and the sweet of life. Piercing and sharp we wound like steel; Now, smooth as oil, those wounds we heal, Not strings of pearl are valued mo;e, Nor gems enchased in golden ore; Yet thouesands of us every day, Worthless and vile are thro.Nn away. Ye wise 1 secure with bars of brass The double doors through which we pass,- For, once escaped, back to our cell No art of man can us compel. REBUS.-BY C. PETTITT. My first is a signal of victory; my second is found in every clock; my third is always uppermost; my fourth is a popular underground fruit; and my fifth is a shelter for my sixth.-What is more singular still, the initials of my six several parts read forwards, and the finals read backwards, spell my first, and moan something taken from an enemy. RHYMING RIDDLE.-BY B. G. D. Complete, a bird of plumage bright I stand; Curtail'd, the bravest person of the land; Another joint from off my tail please steal, A female now I quickly do reveal; If once again curtail'd-'tis true, yet strange- I unto a man immediately shall change. My whole restored, and properly transposed, A European river is disclosed. ARITHMETICAL QUESTION.--BY F. SEVEN persons start together from the Central Hotel, to walk round an island 72 miles in circuit, until all meet again at the same place; and the hotel-keeper agrees to give a bottle of wine between every two that arrive at his house at the same time, two bottles among every three, three among every four, four among every five, five among every six, and a bottle to each wilen they all meet there together, if each will contribute at the rate of a farthing per day, to be paid at the house every time he passes; an 1 they agree to travel at the following rates:- A, 6; B, 6 ; C, 74; D, 84; E, 9J; F, 10; and G, 11 miles per day; A, B, C, D, and E going in the same, and F and G in an opposite direction, on condition that every one who is overtaken by another shall pay a penny for him at the tavern, to be deducted from the pay- ment due from him; and that each shall pay a farthing for G every second time he is met by him, and the same for F every third time he is met by him, to be applied in the same manner. What amount, did each contribute; and what did the landlord gain or lose by the bargain ?-the bottles being worth 21s. per dozen.