RECREATION COLUMN. No quiestions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 59.
Reply to Enigma : AELL.-Answered by C.W.J., Mellor, M.M., Nemo, and D.W.P. Replies to Charades : 1. OPINION; 2. WINTER; 3. BUOBEAR.-W.J., .IM., and Brandon, answer No. 1; Southern Cross, R.H.S., and Micky Free, answer No. 2; S. C., Chiltern, B.B., Homo, and D.W.P., answer NO. 3; W. Fuller, G.A., Electro, and Carlos, answer all. Replies to Anagrams: 1. SOVEREIGNTY; 2. CONGRATULATE; 3. DIS- iPPOIXTHENT.--Answered by Rl.H.S., M.M., and Carry; many others anseer ohe or other, but only these all three. Replies to Rebuses: I. Mlentor, Ulysses, Salmon, Ink, Caution. The initials form Music.-Answered by Southern Cross, J.W., Mellor, and U.H.S. II. DEN, NED.-Answered by W.H.T., Blake, F.E., T.J.S., Muff, and M.M.. Replies to Conund~rns: 1. To-nonnow ; 2. YESTEnRDAY.-Answered by Edwin, G.A., Carlos, and Possum. Our Chiltern friend says " Futurity," and "Boyhood." Not so bad. Reply to Riddle : A ToAsT.-Answered by Cupid, G.A., F.E., Muff, lomo, and Emily. Replies to Arithmetical Questions : The first has been correctly answered bYT.T., Walter, and J.W.C. As regards the second, the number in the proposition should have been 43, not 40, in order to require 4 more apples. There were 512 apples in the bag, and 12 boys. The third question is cleverly worked out by " Southern Cross," whose formula is terse and intelligent. We also received correct replies from W.H.P., Nemo, J. McC. lelen G., and T.W. The mother was to receive five-twelfths, if she gave birth to a son, and the son seven-twelfths of the £8,400; if a daughter, tie latter would obtain two-fifths, and the mother three-fifths. But, on both a son and a daughter coming to town, in order to comply with the "Usband's directions for the division, the mother would receive one-third ore than her daughter, and the son one fourth more than his mother. Thus the mother's share being £2,880 ; the son's would be £3,600, and e daughter's £1,920.--" Caroline" says, if she were the mother, she onld " give the son £7 and take £5 for herself ; and then the daughter dead keep £3 herself, and so on, till it was all fairly divided." Not a idea, by any means, but scarcely what the gentleman's instructions Woud Warrant.
CHARADES.-I. AND II., BY TINY. 1. MY first ripples brightly 'neath Austral's blue sky, My second, oft shady, oft dusty and long ; My third, will include all your readers and I; My whole an old Roman; say, what is my song ? 2. My.first I am in when my troubles I tell To Mr. Commissioner Baptist Noel; My second can carry me right to his door, And is nice from a pretty girl; and what is more, Tho' my whole puzzle your readers of both bad and good Few object to return to a girl if they could. III. AND IV., BY WM. ADAMSON, (ADELAIDE.) 3. I am a word of seven letters; my 2 3 4 is part of my 4 6 5 7, and my whole is 6 1 5 7. 4. I am a fish; and if William gave my second to Annie, it would become my whole. ENIGMA.-(ADDRESSED TO A LADY), BY C. V. WHAT beauties with a grace may do ; What, when you're dress'd, looks well on you; What ev'ry social man will be, To please a pleasant company; What master for a wife would give; On what a parson's horse might live ; What misses use for similies, When fingers smart or head-aches tease; What antiquarians gladly give, To make the former ages live; What some men never think too bold To load their chests with ill-got gold; What I with pleasure would pursue, If you, my fair one, would prove true. ANAGRAMS.-BY J. R. W. Find the single word, in English, that each of these three phrases represents. 1. Is pity love? 2. Into my arm. 3. Not vice versa. RIDDLES.-1. BY E. A. Four things I saw; but what they were Reader, I beg you will declare. Although they were but four exact, Thirteen there were as well, in fact; I cut off half, and then did find Eight remaining still behind; What seems most strange, yet very sure, These eight remaining were but four. II. BY J. M. J. What is that which everybody feels, nobody sees ; is born in a strange country, and travels through a strange country, yet dwells everywhere: is sometimes hot, and sometimes cold : was from the beginning, and will continue to the end; which is sometimes a cause of health, and some- times sickness; and without which men could not live ? REBUSES.-I. BY HARRY H. A flower, a peer, a handcart, a favourite of Jupiter, a bushranger, and a book of HIebrew traditions. The initials will give the first Christian name, and the finals the second name of a British prince. II. BY WATSON. Complete, we render great assistance To those who wish to go a distance; Behead us, and true friends we're found To all who like to tread the ground; Behead again, perhaps you'll wish To see us served up in a dish. A GARLAND OF TEN FLOWERS. WHAT ten flowers will express the following ?-1, A rainbow; 2, a fine lady; 3, a diadem; 4, an emblem of cunning, and a piece of apparel; 5, a pretence, and a sure foundation ; 6, common ground ; 7, a prismatic colour and a fine lady; 8, a partition and the blossom of a plant; 9, an affectionate request; 10, a triumphal chariot, and a distinct people. ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. I. By W.F.F.-A gentleman passed the sixth part of his life in child- hood, and the twelfth part in a state of youth. After a seventh part of his life, and five years more were elapsed, he had a son, who died, after having attained half the age of his father. The latter only survived him four years. Required, their respective ages ? 2. By M.D.-In drawing water from a mine, by an engine lifting 45 gallons per minute, the water is observed to gain six inches in 24 hours. Now, the entire feeder in gallons per minute is equal to 10 times its rise in inches in 24 hours, when not pumping. Required, the entire feeder in gallons per minute ? 3. By JAQUES.-A makes an agreement with B to give him a pin on the first week in the year, and double the amount of each succeeding week. How many pins would B have at the end of the year, and what would be the weight, allowing 100 pins to the ounce avoirdupois ?