RECREATION COLUMN. SOLUTIONs TO PUZZLESB IN LAST PART.
To Enigma by Old Crusty.-A GOLD UING.-Answered by Southern Cross, B. H., Modestia, Belle Brandon, Jumping Moses, and J. T. To Charade by Veritas.-BUT-TEI-FLY.-Answered by Southern Cross, T. L. R., Cain, W. F., and J. T. To Puzzle by Crichton.-NEw-DooR.-Answered by Southern Cross, Rose, Senga, R. T., Barker, and J. T. To Arithmetical Question by New Chum.- Length of Number of paces Distance passed pace. per minute. per miuute. Slow time .. 30 .. 75 .. 2250 Quick time .. 30 .. 108 .. 3240 Double time .. 36 .. 150 .. 5400
1st. To find number of paces of each sort per mile. For " slow time " and " quick time " we have the following propor- tions :- Inches. Inches per Mile. Pace. Paces. As 30 : 63360 :: 1 2112
For double time we have- Inches. Inches. Pace. Paces. As 36 63360 :: 1 1760
2ndly, we get the following proportions:- Minute. Minute. Inches. Inches. Distance at slow time = As 1 60 :: 2250 135000 Distance at quick time = As 1 60 :: 3240 : 194400 Distance at double time = As 1 60 :: 5400 324000 3rdly. Number of paces of Quick time in 10 miles = 2112 x 10 = 21120 Double time ,, = 1760 x 10 = 17600 Difference of paces = 3520 N.B.-The answers in the 2nd part can easily be reduced to feet or yards, if necessary.-So0THERN CRosS. ENIGMA, BY E. W. C. Enm chaos fled by order's laws supreme, Or young creation woke as from a dream, Ere the first star rode through the bending sky, Or sunk in briny ocean's lap-was I. The countless worlds that whirl their flaming poles, That seem to gain, yet never reach, their goals; Came each and all my scanning view before ; Wide spann'd the heavens, outspread the sea and shore. The forest seeds were planted 'neath my ken, And I behold what ne'er was seen by men; Each priceless gem that in the ocean lies- Each pearl that slumbers, and shall never rise- Each atom'd grain the solid rocks that form- Each drop that gathers in the howling storm- Each ray of light-each particle of dust By suns created or from l'erra's crust- Have passed before me, and to me arc known, Through boundless space, and every planet's zone. Without my power the radiant sun shall die; Without my aid the stars fall from the sky; The mountain snows lie buried in deep gloom; Nature a blank-creation one vast tomb. On eagle's wings above the sun I soar; Dwell in deep mines, and every clime exploreo; I ride the lightning-vault into the deep, With huge leviathan the surges sweep; Nay, in each place where'er I choose to roam, I have a habitation, name, and home. The smallest mite that gambols in the ray, Or hugest life that thunders through the day, Alike possesses me, and owns my power- Some for a century, others for an hour. E'en things inanimate, of sense devoid, Have oft my aid in works of skill enjoy'd; Though wand'ring blindfold through the darkest maze, With mystic art I win the meed of praise; Cause beauty's form a fairer grace to own, And add e'en lustre to the British throne; Nor are my wonders to such deeds confin'd- The weak I help, and guide poor mortals blind. And, oh I ye critics, fam'd for depth of thought, Without my light your wisdom were as nought; Without my charms that render life a boon, Your brightest hopes were dark and dismal soon; Love, youth, and pleasure from your grasp would turn, And then, indeed, " man would be made to mourn."
ENIGMA, BY J. T., GEELONG. ERE the sun's golden rays gave the firmament light, I brooded o'er Chaos, and reigned with Old Night; But since the glad universe peopled the void, My ancient dominion is greatly destroyed; For motion and life are averse to my reign, Tho' to banish me wholly they struggle in vain. I lived more with the wise in the primitive ages Than now-when a thirst for display idly rages; From the wise of past times I've a recommendation, By preserving me, fools often gain reputation; And though, perhaps, too much indulged among strangers, Yet those who observe me avoid many dangers. All children dislike me, and earnestly shun My society, for I'm a foe to their fun. With the fair in so great detestation I'm held, That from their sweet presence I'm always expelled; And though I do sometimes contrive to be in it, I'm discovered at once, and turned out in a minute. By day I lose empire, by night am restored; By some I am worshipped, by others abhorred; And in public assemblies the louder they cry On my name, the more distant I'm certain to fly. O'er the dead I preside, for I reign in the tomb; Yet do not imagine I'm wedded to gloom. REBUS, BY FRED. LYONs. I AM a word of 7 letters. My 7,5,4,2,6,5 is at once a game, a toy, a symbol of mourning or of mirth, and a canonical covering. My 4,3,1,5,6,6,3 has formed the subject of many an artist's ambition ; my 4,2,6,7 is what many a 4,3,2,1 is at a loss to make up. My 6,3,2,3,7 is an ancient lady, who lived and dressed in a style very unlike any modern " girl of the pe-ri-od." My 7,2,3,6,3 is a lovely being, having all the tastes of the " Lady in Gray" of Melbourne sporting fame; and my whole, just now, is the subject of great attraction. CHARADE, BY PIXY. Mr first is a falsehood; my second is a falsehood; and yet my whole is the emblem of innocence. CURIOSITY OF NIBEIns.-If you add together 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9, and 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9, you produce the same figures, only transposed. If you multiply the first nine by 5, just the same result is obtained. SCIEnTIriC QUESTIONS. Question : In what way do sounds move the air ?-Answer : As a stone cast into the water produces circle after circle till they die on the bank, or on the shore. Q. : Do the parts of bodies really move, or vibrate, when they sound ? A.: Yes; of this any one will be conscious, if he will touch a bell when it is striking; its pulsation will be distinctly felt. A tuning-fork, struck and put to the lips, will give the same sensation. WHAT word is that which, when divided into three parts, expresses a sleeping partner, a religious lady, and a noisy musical instrument ?-Co- nun-drum. Fno.I the half of five take one, and five shall remain. One half of FIY is iv. Take away i, and v will remain. CrPID'S ENIGMA. TIr Moon rose high in her majesty, Over glittering earth, and through deep blue sky, Reigning in bright tranquillity. One soft beam looked on a woodland glade- Two lovers strayed down its close arcade; And 'twas thus that the Youth bespoke the Maid: "Dearest, I give my heart to Thee, Truth, Love, and changeless Constancy; All, all ;--Yet more Thou shalt give to me. Oh, give me what never yet was thine, Nor is ;-Yet 'tis Thou who must make it mine. No woman hath that which from Thee I crave, Or had; No, nor ever could wish to have. Nor, when given, albeit I pledge Thee now A true and everlasting Vow, Life, Fortunes, all with Thee, whate'er Is, or ever henceforth may be mine to share, Canst Thou ever or have or share with me That which now I am craving from Thee ?" SOLUTION, BY SENGA. THEY were words of the fondest and firmest Truth- And 'twas thus that the Maiden bespoke the Youth: "Yes. I take thy true heart and its fealty; Thy Love, and its changeless constancy; And yet Thou demandest more from me ? Then take it. I give what I do not crave, Nor e'er had-no, nor ever could wish to have- I give thee, unshared, and ungrudged, through life, A. WIFE."