RECREATION COLUMN. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES IN PART 55.
IAnswers to Enigmas. (1.) A BAT-Answered by F. H. C., and, W. jderson, (Adelaide) ; J. J. C., Muckleford; Walter, M.O., and Blackboy. (2).-CounRT-answered by E.F.H., Coolamie, M.O., Walter, and S.S.E. t i rather remarkable that two correspondents who write from Adelaide *(S.O., and W.A.) erroneously give cell as the solution of No. 2. Answers to Charades (1.) PonrT-I-co.; by J.J.C., M.O., and Walter. .S.I also replies, in the following rhyme: If port you take, and to it tie Myself, by supplementing I, And then add Co., 'tis very plain A portico you will obtain. Charade (2.) E.F.H. says: The low by cot are meant, the high by ton; And cotton when you join the two in ene. AIswered also by F. H. Carter, W. Anderson, M.O., Coolamie, and S.S.E. Answers to Riddles. (1.) A YAnD(measure) by W.A., F.H.C., M.O., and alter. S2.) PAIN(Fr. bread). Answered by the two latter and S.S.E. correctly; ut here, again the two Adelaide correspondents already referred to coammit the same error; both give vie as the reply. We do not usually tice incorrect replies, and only do so now to remark on so singular a 'iofincidenoe of errors. Answers to Conundrums:- 1. Because he could draw good houses. 2. Because it contains figures. 3. Because she communicates with spirits.
Answered (all) by J.J.C., Muckleford; .W.W., J. Griffith, and T.Y.S.; 1 and 2, by Effie,'M.O., and Blackboy; 2 and 3 by Walton, and Fossiok; 3, only, by Coolamie and Pincher. Answers to Arithmetical Questions.-(1). 11 oxen, at £5 -each; 13-bows, at £2 each; and 76 calves, at 5s. J.J.C., Gumsuoker, Eltham, bnd Walter. (2.) There are many ways, it seems, of performing this arithmetical feat; viz., placing the nine digits so as to make exactly 100, withogt the repetition of any figure, except in the sum total. Five different modes are before us ; but as two of them are somewhat complickted, and involve algebraical factors, we give only the three simplest:- I. Put down 1, 3, 5, 8, 9 under each other; draw a line, add up; and to the product (26), add 74=100. II. Put down 25 and 64 under each other; draw a line, add together; and to the product (89) add 1, 3, and 7=100. III. The sum of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, added, and of 8 multiplied by 9. Answer to Scientific Question.-Because salt, or muriate of soda, by its chemical activity, melts the snow. Now, when snow is melting, it is emitting its cold, which then becomes perceptible. When snow is freez- ing, it is absorbing cold, and feels warmer than the atmosphere. REBUS.-By G. H. WHEN stockmen on their unkempt steeds, Of merrie England's staunchest breeds, With joyous shout and wild halloo, Cheer on their lithe hounds, fleet and true, Through bush and brake, and tangled fern, Pursued, pursuers twist and turn, 'Mongst wombat holes, o'er blackened stump; They scrambled through, or catlike jump, Down rocky gullies dark and deep, In wild excitement, daring leap, And toiling up the other side Like demon horsemen reckless ride, Till, sinking on the open plain, My first-their quarry-'s struck and slain. As chatting gaily, seated round, The bearded bushmen show the ground, And from each cherished calumet With age and use as black as jet, In many a wreathed fantastic coil, Springs smoke, soft soother of our tail, A horseman canters round the hill, "What, ho! Black Ned, we thought you ill," " No, no; too long I staid in bed; I am-" my second, here he said. "Well, never mind, another day In gallant burst, we'll lead the way And show such sport at early morn, As ne'er was seen with Elcho Quorn. Then, out speaks Ned, with air of pride, " You think, as bushmen, well you ride; You sit a wild buck-jumping colt Or veriest brute to shy or bolt. But 'gainst a patient judge of pace You'd never chance to win a race." " Ten pounds a man," the bushmen call; " Agreed, agreed 1" cry one and all. They race, Black Ned first wins the goal The rest did vainly try my whole. ENIGMA.-BY BELINDA. So high is my post, so exalted my station, That I'm sure to be found with the heads of the nation. I'm sometimes as lovely as lovely can be; And there's never a sigh but is utter'd through me. But I'm sometimes so ugly, and void of all charm, Though I do try my best, not a heart can I warm. By men I am treated quite harsh, I declare; But the women protect me with infinite care. With watches and clocks, too, I'm sure to be found; Or useless 'twould be for their hands to go round. At the death-bed of one who's to memory dear, Your feelings will make you shed o'er me a tear. CHARADE.-BY J. M. My first is follow'd in the chase; Of men my next a numerous race; My whole, alas! if right pourtray'd, Will show what's often found in trade. ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS.-By ELINA. 1. A man took out of his pocket, at eight several times, so many dif- ferent numbers of shillings, every one exceeding the former by six, the last being 46. What was the first. 2. I have 21 bottles; seven are full of wine, seven half-full, and seven empty. I wish to distribute them among three persons, so that each person shall have the same quantity of wine and the same number of bottles. How can I do this ?