RECREATION CORNER. ANSWERS TO No. 174.
To Nemno's Enigma.-" A Book." By Chignon, W.F.F., Mary Anne, P.W., and young Job.-Other replies, some very wide of the mark, were sent in. Preston says " Shift," and T.M.A. says " State." To Hubert's Charade.-" Brush-maker." T.M.A., P.W., Job, and Easy answer correctly. To Larry's Arithmetical Question.-" One flock was 660 ; the other 540." Answered by Carlton, S.S., A.W.H., Corio, T.M.A., and Scowbank. TIANSLATION OF THE " PHONETIC PUZZLE" IN LAST NUMBER. ToNY's ADDREss TO MAY,. 0, Mary, heave a sigh for me, for me, your Tony true ! I am become as a man dumb; 0, let Hymen prompt you ! My eye is wet as any sea, as you may know hereby; O, let me come, Mary, to tea, or eat a bit o' pie ! Alas ! play no more merry tricks ! my ardour vel you know; In fear I am your heart is base, to leer at me your beau. Ah me ! we are a silly set, to laud you vimen thus ! I hate you as a random sex; ill luck I on'y cuss. You said, you vixen, I may go-my Missy Mary, stay ! 0, can't you read it in my eye ? I burn as arid hay. A very vapour here I sigh, my eye resolves in dew; To tie us, 0 let Hymen come; accept a Tony true. RIDDLE, BY SEYMOUR. Ivi each house I am seen; in each mansion and cot; Yet 'tis strange that in castle and palace I'm not; No roof is without me, no door can be found, Nor window, nor floor, nor wainscot, nor ground, No bedroom, or cupboard, or parlour, can be When I have no place, or that boasts not of me. Neither body nor soul has been known to exist, From which for a moment my presence is missed; In the orb and the comet I always remain; But in star and eclipse I am searched for in vain. The beautiful rainbow that dazzles the sky, Its colour and form must my presence supply; Though in snow-storm and shower my presence is seen, In rain, lightning, thunder I've never once been. The innocent claim me as part of their fold, From guilt I am free, yet in robbing I'm bold. I'm always in trouble; and, do what I will, Though freedom I claim, yet the gaol has me still, Whilst workhouse and hospital, watch-house and hole, And brothel or pothouse alike are my goal. I could go on for ever relating my woes; But time calls me onward, and I need repose. So I'll merely remark, that whenever I roam If you do nought but me-God help such a home. CHARADE, Br S. S. My one, two, and three is the name of a tree, That grows both on mountain and plain; My two, three, and four is a hatred oft sore In temper, from which all should refrain; My three, four, and five you'd soon see revive, Its anger would soon be renewed, If my one, two, and three ever should be 13y my whole overcome and Pubdued.