RECREATION COLUMN. *** No quesiions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 81.
SThe following are the Solutions to the Puzzles in our last issue, Part 81; in which Part, owing to a printer's error, the Solutions there given are made to appear as those for Part 78, instead of EIGHTY. Solution of Elnigma. NOTE.-W. E. W., Oakleigh ; Ethmy, Sandhurst. Solution of Charade. HIo-RAcE.--Linneus ; Hilton ; Ethmy, Saudhurst; J. Ready, Fitzroy. Solution of Numerical Charade. BRIDGEWATER..-A. J. W., Collins-street ; E. S. E., Alexandra; Mary Ann, Q.; Ethmy, Sandhurst. Solution of Riddle. Tam WORD "IT."-J. Ready, Fitzroy; W. E. W., Oakleigh. Solution of Arithmetical Question. THan town iS.FIFTY miles distant from Melbourne; and they reach it at SEVEN o'clock in the evening.-Ethmy, Sandhurst; M.H.B, Carlton. ENIGMA.-BY E. F. H. I ONCE had life; yet, strange to say, I was not, till life passed away; I once was carnally inclined, But now I'm holy and refined; I'm sometimes great, and sometimes small, But drilling makes me all in all; I'm sometimes shy, and notice shun, And sometimes seen by every one; And, though there's little worth about me, You'll scarcely meet a man without me. CHARADES. I.--BY LINN EUS. IN days of old, o'er which fond Fancy lingers, My first was done by ladies' taper fingers; But in these more prosaic days, I ween, 'Tis executed by a base machine. When from the fair enchantress of his heart, The love-lorn, sighing :.wain is forced to part, To cross old ocean's stormy waste of waves, My second is the boon of her he craves. My whole's a plant, of species called narcotic,- Which on Australian soil is an exotic ;- A poison rank; a medicine safe and sure; It life destroys; and yet, it tends to cure. II.-BY M. A. T., SOUTH YARRA. WooING my first with notes of love, My whole sits in the moonlit grove; She echoes back the notes entrancing, Her starry eye with dewdrops glancing; My second joins, and then my third Above the melody is heard; When to my first he wildly rushes, My whole hides safely in the bushes, III.-" ETirY, SANDHURST," contributes the following, but cannot name the author:- "THnOUOH my first, forever, flow Sounds of joy and sounds of woe; In my second, newly made, Thousands year by year are laid. In my whole, we never jest, Prayers are made, and vows confest." NUMERICAL CHARADE.-BY KATE. I AM a word of fifteen letters. My 3, 1, 8 is a domestic animal; my 15, 7, 12, 5, 14, 15, 11, 4 is something belonging to the public; my 10, 1, 8, 13, 15 is a material for dress; my 4, 13, 6, 9, 12 denotes a boundary, whether by land or water; my 2, 7, 10, 8 is used in fishing and gaming, and neither type nor artillery could exist without it; my 3, 7, 15, 8 expresses hypocrisy, my 10, 13, 6, 14, 15, 9, 7, 2, 11, 4 is a grave ecclesiastical offetnce; and my whole is the avowed object of the settlers in Australia. RHYMING ARITHMETICAL QUESTION.-By APEX. A oALLANT vessel-pleasing sight !- A mast had, eighty feet in height; But in a storm (disastrous token !) This mast was in two pieces broken. Thy topmost point just touched the deck WVhen first tLe mast became a wreck, At sixty feet from where it stood B 'ct as wheliei it left the wood. Now tell rie, while the fact you treasure, How :ouch each broken piece will measure. [We give the ioregoing, juot as we received it ifrom the propounder whose solution is 625, r Litt 17"5 set but how that can be arrived at, from the terms of the question, puzzles us to discover.]
MEN OF THE TIMES. THE man who was brought up for swearing roundly at the Police ah f managed to make it square with them. The man who lied till he was black in the face has shut himunselfout from the pale of society. The man who inadvertently threw a light on his own bad actions has completely put himself out about it. h The man who coined a new word the other day, has been apprehended for uttering what was false. The man who called a spade a spade only did so to have a digathit neighbours. The man whose tongue would run has had his mouth stoppedby bystander, who caught him up. The youth who would have a will of his own has been struck out f that of his father. The man who lent himself to a deception now finds that he will have to stand alone. The man who sticks at nothing often runs through more than ohe ought. The man who had too many irons in the firehas just.sent in a Rsn. gled statement of his affairs. A BET was made that no one could find a rhyme to window, when one of the company did it in this wise : " A cruel man a beetle caught, And to the wall him pinned, oh ! Then said the beetle to the crowd, 'Though I'm stuck up, I am not proud,' And his soul went out at the window." THE following funny bit of harmless English-German orthography has been the cause of much laughter on the part of newspaper readers. We give the advertisement gratuitous insertion: "Run'd avay, orvos schtrayed, mine large plack horse, apout eighteen hands hie. Has4 plack legs, 2 pehint and 2 pefore. He is plack all over his pody, pat has got soom vite hairs on his pack vere the schin voyes rub off, put I greastied 'en and de vite schpots is all plack again. He drodts and kanter, and suomtime he valks, and ven he valks all his feet go on one pefore de oder. He has ears upon his het, poth alike, put von is placker dan do oder, and a leetle pit longer. He has 2 eyes; von is put out and de oder is on the side of his bet, and ven you go toder side he vill not see you. Yen he eat a good deal he gets pigger. He has a long tail dat hans behind, put I cut it short de oder day, and now it is not so long vot it vos. He is shoed all round, put his pehind shoes corned oif, and now he has got shoes only pefore. If any pody find a pound for him, I fetch him to put him out." TENDER ACCENTS-A SUITOR TO HIS BELOVED. I should feel in a transport if I might transport Her home, as a consort with whom I consort. BITTER ACCENTS--THE BELOVED's REPLY. Your plan, were you perfect, I'd let you perfect, But you're such an object, I'm forced to object. TWENTY PARsONS IN A Fix.-The following story has been going the round of the American and English Press :-Out in Ohio recently, twenty Clergymen, who were attending a convention, went down to a secluded spot on the river bank, in the afternoon, for the purposeof bathing. They removed their clothing, placed it upon the railroad track close at hand, because the crass was wet, and then entered the water and enjoyed themselves. Presently an express train came round the curve at the rate of 40 miles an hour, and before any of the swim. mere could reach dry land, all their under shirts and socks and things were fluttering from the cow catcher and speeding onward towards Kansas. All that could be found after a careful search was a sun. umbrella, and a pair of eye-glasses. And when those twenty marched home by the refulgent light of the moon, that evening, in single file, and keepitg close together, the most familiar acquaintance with the Zouave drill, on the part of the man at the head, with the umbrella, still hardly sufficed to cover them completely. The situation was all the nore embarrassing, because that night all the pupils of the female boarding schools seemed to be prancing around the streets, and running across the route of the parade. DISTINCTIONS WITH A DIFFERENCE. A noP in your walk is a halt, but a dance upon nothing is a halter The Alps are a cool clime, hut Mr. Whymper is a cooler climber. One finger by itself may be a-numb, but ten fingers are a number. A deal in gold may be a plum, but a dealer in lead is a plumber. Every coat has a tail, but every tailor hasn't a coat. All nails have heads, but some headers are nailers. You may sometimes put a sauce into a cup, but you should always put a cup luto a saucer. You're a fool if you're a walker in a pond; you're a philosopher if yol pouter in a walk. A cough toakes you wheezy of the chest, but of the chest can you easy make a coffer. A steel is what makes a blade sharp, but a blade that makes a sharper' is stealer