RECREATION COLUMN. SOLUTIONS Tro PuZOLE IN PART 51.
Answer to Enigma by E. WV. C.-Em.--By Midge, J. 0.,; .Aryi 1. '0., and Robinette. (3. T. and others, inconsiderately, reply "'Tiztde.'_ ANSWER TO FRED LYONS' REBUS, BY W. J. G.; Skd~~iPbr. . As a dress or a toy, your first, we all know To be nothing more than plain domino. Your next the most favour'd of women we own her, For what artist of fame did not paint the Madonna . In reply to your third-when to wed you're ineliieI I trust"that the miaid will make up her mind. ': To your fourth I must say that I'm greatly afraid That our girls would not like the dress of a Naiad.. To your fifth I think I can safely say That Diana's compared to the " Lady in Gray." Your whole is a Diamond, now much talked about ; And your rebus, I think, is now plainly folind out. [Replies were also received from J. T., Bobolink, Ethel, 1\. 0. P., and Cotton.] Answer to Enigma by J. T., Geelong. ILE.-SILE -By W. J. G., Tommy Dodd, Wilks, M. O. P., and Mokanna. Answer to Charade by Pixie.-LILY.-By W. J. G. PUZZLE, BY W. J. G., SEBASTOPOL.-A town, mentioned in the telegrams on the arrival of every English mail, when written in the shape of a square, will read upwards and downwards, forwards and backwards alike. REBUS, BY S. S. I'M a watch, and a guard, and a part of a town; And I often save men from being knock'd down. Reverse me, you'll find that I numbers convey, And represent some in a curious way. Now, if me you behead, you are sure of a wound; And in each winter-storm I always am found; Reverse me, and all horrors that man can describe Have been brought on by me in every tribe. Now, the head that you took, exchange for my tail, For without me your charge will not much avail; Now reverse me again, and I all nature adorn, And I am to be seen very soon in the morn. GRAMM&ATICAL TAUTOLOGY. I'LL prove the word that I have made my theme Is that that may be doubled without blame; And that that, thus trebled, I may use, And that that that that critics may abuse May be correct. Farther the dons to bother, Five thats may closely follow one another. For, know that we may safely write Or say, that that that that that writ was right; Nay, even, that that that that that that follow'd Through six repeats, the Grammar's rule has hallow'd; And that that that (that that that that) began, Repeated seven times is right ! Deny it who can ! ARITHMETICAL QUESTION. TAKE a tub of fair water, fill'd up to the brim, Put a spherical foot of dry oak there to swim. How far 'twill immerse itself, artists, pray ishow,' And the weight of water that will 6ve'flow:f n