RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPTICHS. ,- t ords, and form a third word of the last syllable of the la he irst syllable o the secondi n Triptic7k.
1- -utumn's dead, its requiem dyint- Chilly winds have moaned again; Swiftly onward I am flying, Bringing snowstorms in my train. First Word. Shall I say it laughs for ever- Laughs as though 'twould never tire? Shall I say it is a.river In a part of Lancashire ? Second Wor I. 'Tis a strange, mysterious feeling Which pervades the human breast, Undoniab!y revealing Horror, fear, and dire unrest. MAnIoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. Triptich. 9,-_printal, fallen, though ye be, Though your brightest hopes have flown, There's a way to liberty- Tyrants may be overthrown. Break the bonds that hold ye fast Iu the gra'p of slavery; From your breast submission cast-- Show that still ye can be free. First Word. With an old and wrinkled face, And a deep-set cunning eye, Not in him you find a trace Of a heart of sympathy; In one thought his mind is bound, To collect the dross of earth; Avarice is in him found, Banishing all good and worth. Second Word. primtal may not find a place Where those pure orbs are enshrined; Seen in that superior face Are the workings of a mind That could rise to higher heights, Leaving grosser thoughts behind, And indulge in lofty flights For the nobler man designed. IvaNInoE, Belfast. DUAGRAM. hange the Arst two letters of a word to form another'word.) 3.-Farewell, farewell, Old Year I You brought me treasures sweet; You spread, when spring was here, Flower carpets for my feet; You bade the hawthorn bough Let firat its bloom for me, And on its beds of snow I lingered joyfully. Even now methinks I see Your roses, white and red, Your tranquil summer sea, Your skies of blue o'erhead; And fancy, when Sol falls beyond the harbour bar, Your tender cuckoo calls In gloomiog woods afar. In gautmn's mellow hours How creaked the loaded wain With apples from your bowers Ah, then 'twas sweet to roam In even's golden haze, And hear the " Harvest Home" Ring o'er the wheatfield ways. Farewell, farewell, Old Year I Loud tolls the midnight bell; We'll part now with a tear- It is your dying knell. Hark I hark ! the New Year bold Loud knocketh at the door; And friends iant tried and old Must part for evermore. F. HALL AM, London. META-OsMEGRAMS. Bns the first and last letters of a woed to form another word.) 4.-" Give me back my heart againl" r. I first a lover cry. " Give me back my heart again; Relieve me, or I die. Cruel girl 'twas you who first Decoyed me with your wiles ; May the day be long accurst When first I saw thy smiles I! You.it was when'I, O maiden, Final with my woes, Told you hownmy heart was laden, Tipped your pretty nose. You it wat- But I'll refrain, I'm worn out with my loves; So give me back my heart again, And please include those gloves I" H. A. TAYLon, Birkenhead. 5,-A musician's lately passing, On his first-plate I espied The name "G. Sharp" was written there, In six letters large and wide. My wits to work were quickly set, And I thought text of a scheme, Whereat I laughed both loud and long, And my, eyes began to gleam. I pasted 'neath that plate of brass, Where every one could see, That " G Sharp" was (in truth) "A flat," And a flat he long would be. C. DRENON, London. HIDDEN RIDDLERS' NAMES. 6-"Look, there's the place," said Tom, who's tall; A wall I saw, and that was all. Frank lingered still beside the brook, And of the time'no heed he took. No, grammar shall not keep me here On such a day, so bright and clear. Why won't you go with me ?" I said; Because it's raining now," said Fbd. I heard a shout, and.looking round, Phil on a bough o'erhead I found. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. brst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 7.-Don't despise poor scribblers, Though critics of renown, For ye all have scribbled, From Blubld unto Brown, Have afMilowe-feeling For the lesser lights ; Remember how ye suffered When ae were such wights. & H, OLgMOrlQsIc
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-Once on a time, a certain man- 19 Who here shall nameless be- Lived, let us say, some miles away From the banks of the River Lea; Ti And he bought one day afirst, to play To his second, for " five and three." Idea of music had he none, If " But what of that ?" uuoth he, In an off-hand way. " Let's see, I'll play 'On the banks of the Zuyder Zee.' " T His cheeks round grew, and at last he blew One note, which he thought was G. If But there, alas I he had to stop, Though he struggled to find the C Both night and day, till his hair turned grey With the sound of the fatal G; And his third was fourth with strife, for the wrath S Of his second was great to see. B 'One day (he had tried for fourteen hours A To play "The Busy Bee"). And sad to say, he went away And jumped from a tall oak tree. The jury gave this verdict grave-- " We find felo do se; For he meant to die when he climbed so high, And then ' fell low, d'ye see' P'' F. Parxen, Herne Hill. 9.-Who's that creeping, while first's sleeping, To the balcony, With eyes glist'ning, and ears list'ning, Oh, so stealthily ? Youth audacious, maiden gracious, With darnation lips, Downward bending, kisses sending From white finger.tips. There's a climbing, then reclining On a net's bold breast- What imposing on first, dozing In plethoric rest I Watch they're keeping, much they're peeping, Wicked he and she; But such treason is one reason Of love's witchery. "When we marry "-- "Chut, chut, Hairy "- " Oh, he's fast asleep. There's one blessing-for caressing i'll not have to creep. " But my daughter I'd just slaughter, To be so aggrieved; For you see, now, we just know how Parents are deceived." Up spake pater: "I say, Arthur, You had better run, Lest I slaughter, with my daughter, My good neighbour's son." MARIE ZIMMERMANN. 10,-I'm writing a primal for " Tournament's " page (The "-Tournament" final and bright). I love a sweet maiden named Sarah Ann Sage- And that is the reason I write. I'm sitting alone at the window today (The window with sunshine is lit): My darling young sweetheart lives over the way- And that is the reason I sit. I'm gazing across at that door painted blue (The door is a new one, she says) ; I expect she'll come out in a minute or two- And that is the reason I gaze. I'm smiling at present all over my face (My face is as fiat as a tile) ; I see Sarah Ann-that indeed is the case- And that is the reason I smile. I'm going a walk for the good of my health (My health's getting shaky, I know); Miss Sarah Ann Sage is possessed of great wealth- And that is the reason I go. I'm stopping the course of my pen o'er this sheet (The sheet which I bought in a shop). I'm hungry, and longing for something to eat- And that is the reason I stop. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. 11.-The autumn has flown, with its warm zephyrs ling'r- ing, The trees see their yellow leaves blown rustling by, And deep in my heart strange emotions are mingling, As I think of the friend I first would be nigh. Ah, I think of the corn, the glad summer weather, The romps that we had 'mongst the sweet.smellinghay; d.) Oh, how oft I've wished we again were together I But, alas I you are, oh, so fag away. 'Tis last so to wish, for the world is before you, To carve out your fortune-to battle 'mid strife; And yet I would speak a few words to assure you That without thy friendship how blank would seem life. The glist'ning white snowflakes are falling so gently, In purity draping the erit barren earth,. And peacen's siy soul ; for a whisper intently Tells me you'll return in the summer-time's mirth. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. 12.-For first please find an animal, Which most of us have seen; In every house my next is found, Where you and I have been. ANNIE SMITH, Gresley. 13.-A beautiful river; please change its head, And a very fierce animal you'll have instead. A 'BEQINNE., Birstall. PALINDROMES. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 14.-Dear riddlers, one and all, contrive To find a word of letters five, Pertaining to a city; Reverse, and still the same 'twill be; But stay--oough-I'm sure you see The answer, riddlers witty. SYNTAX, Warrington. 15.-Riddling friends, in me you'll see A period of the day; 61 Reverse me, but still I'll be The same, you'll surely say. SILwVE STONE. ANAGRAM. 16.--HJist, I teach order. I ask ye, gentle riddlers, to con this sentence o'er, Then place the words in order, and yonwill see, I'm sure, A portion of our paper, where we listen with delight To one who bids us labour-to one iwho bids us'fight. C. P. MITCHELL, REVERSION. (A )sord which.read backward forms another word.) 17.---What money-lenders like to be in You all will in my primal see; But if you please turn it around, A sort of cloth will then be found. E. LEIDHOLD. - CENTRAL CHANGE. (Chadge the central letter of'a word to form another word, 18;-An endless sum I may denote; But when thechange is seen, But fourpence is my value thought ! Praf tell me what I mean. JI F, P. CowZ.IMG, Loadon;
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 19.-If, wrapped in thoughts political, you think you'll make a speech- Don't ! The chances are you'll place your meaning fairly out of reach- Don't ! If you fancy you're a Tory, and a Radical is nigh, The burning question will arise about the "'low and high," Till the burning query turns into a beautiful black eye- Don't I If infirst moment weak and rash you tumble into love- Don't 1 And if you start your letters with "My peach," " My turtle-dove "- Don't 1 She may be very nice, you know, and be romantic, too; But aren't girls most expensive when they love the "china-blue" ? And when your coin is limited, what is a chap to do ? Don't! If next the follies of the day quite funny you would be- Don' tl And try to be satirical when sitting clown to tea- Don't ! For if your joke falls rather fiat, and all are stricken mute, The feeling that steals over you is painful and acute, While you nervously sit on the cat, as some one murmurs " Brute I" Don't I If about to write a tragic tale with fifty chapters long- Don't 1 Or paralyze our feelings with a very comic song- Don't i " But hang it alll'" you may exclaim, "the precept's very good; Just start it, Mr. Kitchner, and respect it as you should; Such doctrine from a sinner like yourself's not under- stoqd I"- Don't! T. W. KITCHaeNEn, Camberwell. ENIGMAS. 20.-My visit's always made at night ;. My glowing orbs, at fearful sight, Terrified maidens shriek in fright, "Oh, deair oh, dear I" I'm up the steeple, down again, Over the country, hill, and plain; I'm off-they shriek with might and main, "Oh, dear I oh, dear!" I never stop to knock at door- I upward mount through wall and floor; They shriek once more, as up I soar, "Oh, dear I oh, dear !" In white and flowing garb I show How nose full six feet long may grow-- How hair may be like uncombed tow I Oh, dear I oh, dear 1 They'll never capture me. Alas! My flesh is thinner than thinnest grass; Invisible feet I Oh, dreadful pass ! Oh, dear I! oh, dear ! S. MILLS, Birmingham, 21.-Made in town; Goes up and down; Both sides alike; Use when you like. G. W. HATMAN. CHARADES. lFormed on a word each syllable of whlich is a worl.) 22,-Whereas it seems to have become the fashion To write for " Tourney" in a different name To that by which you're first known to its readers, And to each brother knight and sister dame, Be it now known to all here, by these presents, That I -, of -, wish all to know That I will follow the aforesaid fashion, Till one, quick.witted, shall my true name show. Moreover, that to all who choose to answer This challenge, I last turn will make reply, And whole will say if right or wrong the guess was, Now, do you think it worth your while to try ? This I will say (some guide I must be giving): You know me well enough: and truth to state, My gender's - ? Now you've this knowledge, I fear I shall not have much time to wait Ere some discover 'neath this thin disguise My name; I dare not hope for long to beat a Band so clever. In a little while You'll find the true name of LA INCOGNITA. 28.-It seems a first to take the simple flower And leave a second at my window.pane; To please the fickle longing of an hour, a Pluck the young buds that ne'er can bloom again. How brightly fair the changing blossoms rise 1- As fair to mq, as pleasing to my sight, As when a seeker gold in third espies, And sees the glittering metal in the light. Year after'year its graceful petals bloom, 'Tis something sweet wherewith to cheer my soul; 'Tis some relief to catch its sweet perfume, Like aromatic spices from my whole. PELHAM. 24.-I feel My first you must behold, For I'm in contact, so we're told- Affecting, so they always say; So find my first without delay. Now for my next a weight you take, It will likewise a mineral make; A kind of concrete earth we know, Not made for little boys to throw. To find my whole, then, do your best, Criterion 'twill be, or test. J. TRIosBY. ACROSTIC. (Aword,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundatfion Word. 25.-A power great and wonderful In primals I perceive ; The only power in the world The needy tb relieve. Cross Words. The thing most folks desire to be Is here exactly what you see, And what I do confess to you ° That I have always got in view. The object of a sailor's care At every time and everywhere , Is number two, you will admit, If you with care examine it. I wish, indeed, I could indite In third of this a riddle bright. Then would my name from last be spared, And in the " Tourney" often heard. PucK, Ballymena, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop Ithle first letter of a word. leaving another word. 26.--For first a little jewel find; Behead, a title comes to mind Csrtail, aud then my last will he Part of yourself, as you can see. NonAs M1. TWOmar, Gork. 27.-Ily first is used by soldier true ; B'ehead ,ay esoett comes to vieW. Ia~rn B3a Chesteib
NARRATIVE CURTBAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 28.-Once more for the " T." I write- Fancy that I Once more here my name you'll sight-- Fancy that Doubtless some will me forget; And some, I think, will me have met; And others-well, don't know me yet- Fancy that 1 Now, as a poet I'm a friud- Fancy that 1 (That sentiment you'll all applaud)- Fancy that I And for the credit of the " T.," I think it will much better be If here this name no more you see. Fancy that I "' Mumming" I have lately been-- Fancy that ! And many funny things have seen- Fancy that I In " Notre Dame" I've taken part; And in " Called Back " have made a start; And " Sweeney Tudd"-just for a lark. Fancy that! In any town I chance to be- Fancy that!- That may own writers for the "T."- Fancy that I- If they will kindly make a call One evening at the Thespian hall, My welcome for them will be "tall." Fancy that I And now to " Hecuba " I come- Fancy that! (Theatrical remarks seem "rum ")- Fancy that ! But still I trust that all ,is clo etr. And now I wish to all friends here A happy, prosperous New Year. Fancy that! T. RoYsroN, Jarrow. CONUNDRUM. 29.--'ong those who tread our " Tourney " lists, I guess we might discover Of fascinating botany At least one ardent lover. Ah, yes I There's one, and, riddlers, with Your leave-oh, thanks I-this query I'll put to him. Kind friend, now deign, In manner wise and cheery, To tell us all- Nay, never smile, As if to say, " Within it There's naught deserving of reply;" I'll keep you but a minute. And when you see how anxious all Your friends are for an answer, I'm sure you'll hasten to comply- Resist them, why, who can, sir P So tell us all without delay, Swiftly flee the golden hours, How to change all flowers that blow, sir, Into fragrant, bright wall-flow'rs. AGONISTES, DOUBLE ARITHHOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in tiur'es. Foundation Words. 30.-I flaunted amy red handkerchief before his eyes Till recklessly he charged at me, desperately and valiantly, And for refuge round the last I had to fly, To shelter me from his fury, but o'er the fence he soon shot me. Cross Words. 101 and rabrab Uncivilized it means. 50 ,, autr Is beyond or extremes. 101 - - A female's name, cut short. 50 ,, foa From bakers it is bought. W'. A. LAnesToN. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 31.-A- word of letters ten please see, You'll find it in the Y. F. P. 7, 8, 4, 10, 2, 9 Is where Nelson resided. 1, 8, 9, 2, 4 Is a certain kind of singer. 10, 8, 4, 7 Is a certain period. 7, 2, 5, 6 Is an island off Scotland. 1, 4, 6, 7 Is a vehicle. 10, 8, 6, 7 Is a yoke of cattle. 5, 8, 7, 2 Means no one. 8, 6, 4, 9 Means to deserve. 7, 6, 4 Means to spoil. 6, 9, 10 Iý a small insect. 4, 6, 10 Is a quadruped. 4, 6, 7 Is a quadruped. 6, 4, 7 Is a part of the body. 7, 6, 5 Is a human being. CA IRA, MONOYPHONE. (Wordaor different moaning. but the same in sound.) 32.-Out amidst the silent splendour Of the weird, majestic night Stood a fair and queenly maiden, First in thought, and neat in white. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington.