DTOGRNAM NT. DUAGRAMS.
the first two letters of a word to form another wo.., l =odby the side of a murmuring stream, i heirit filled with anger and pain; I obed it flow nward, as thourh in a dream, gtd heard its low ceaseless refrain. Ad revices final, O'er stones great and small, daght else that came in its way, iAnt many a sparkle it passed by them all, till giniig its song bright and gay. time flew by swiftly,.] still lingered bon, ¬ uoted ýenre than I can tell, "jha 5dgermand pain from nty heart had all gone- lh°ý as if bound by a spell. lhsead a mall voice, whispering low, telling me y dayys would be far better spent Seo~at small streamlet, through life I should be- ko happy, beloved, and content. kpith steps no more lagging, I turned from the spot, *Iy heart from its primal quite free, Bsolved in my mind that, whatever my lot, .or more sad or downcast to be. nowr, as upon life's rough journey I go, Wheu Fate seems unusually hard, itth courage I meet all my grief, for I know Sne day I shall gain my reward. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2,-'Twas one hot day in August bright, My cheeks were wan and pale; To tint them red, methought that I Would ramble o'er the vale. Ibore the heat of open knolls, The shade of peaceful dells, And listened to the endless tale The murmuring streamlet tells. I viewed each beauty of the vale With pleasure pure and free, With heart as happy as the bird That warbled frym the tree. A maiden wandered down the dale, Bright'ning the sylvan scene; A Venus was she in her lorm, And in her looks a queen. She threw a glance-a merry glance- And passed upon her way, And sauntered as she soltly sang A pretty lover's lay. I wandered on beside the first Ann past the peasant's cot; I heaved a sigh, and him beheld Contented with his lot. I envied him his peaceful mind, For I had restle-s grown; E'er since that maiden's merry glance, My spirits gay had flown. I wandered back by last and stream, No longer light and free; The birds still saug upon the bough, But sang in vain to me. J. W. TAYLOR, Middlesborough. BETAGRAMS. (Cheanethe second letter of a word to form another word.) i-A breezy stretch of undulating land, Begirt with trees, that, rising on each hand, Form, with their folding dr.Lpery, a screen, First with innumerable tints of green, That bleund harmonious to the distant view- The sullen bice, the emerald's brighter hue, ,And olive green in every deeper fold. Betveen the dusky pillars tl t uphold The curtain of thick foliage, here gleams The spreading lake, that, with its wavelets, seems Asesia mniniatu e, for to and fro Tith bending sails toy yachts and schooners go. Behind the belt of trees, against the sky, * The second spires stand out in majesty ; Anointed by the light the sun pours down, Each gilded vane becomes a shining crown. And faint and grey beyond, against the zone Of the horizon, like a shadow thrown Upon the pale blue cseet of sky behind, A distant range of hils is faintly lined. D. Gow. 4,-Hark to the lark I the glorious fellow, as he mounts into the sky; See the corn, all golden yellow, Waving in the fields close by. Now the harvest reaper cometh To put the sickle to the corn; But the first that all so.loveth Still upon the breeze is borne. Industrious, brown-feathered mite, Working and' next.ing all day long, How I much would like to write The subjeot of your lovely song I But now the corn is stored away, And last's the harvest home; The lark has ceased its cheerful lay, And winter soon will come. F. PHILLIas, Ilottingham. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 5.-I love to walk, my day's work o'er, . Along this, and with heart at ease, To watch the golden seen go down. I love to:feel the gentle breeze F. anning my cheek; I love the roar And surge of billows flaked with foam; I love.to gaze on that expanse Which sailor's love to call their home. Cross Words. Look closely, and you'll surely see, My first and last in '' Santa Fe." My wine is next, and so's a rose, And lots of things; but not mny noses What have we here P I do declare, A kind of dress which Scotchmen wear. When work I've finished for the day, Along the fourth I love to stray. Tom lost a shilling. What did he . Hle sat and fifth beneath a tree. This is not even, and I know That 'tis eccentrio, strange, also. W. G. ScnPsonc, Clonmel. QUAingUPLE ACROSTIC. .. ,.. Foundation Words.. 6, 8onowa man who's second of the good ship Mary Jane e's i a voyage to the last, but will soon return again -i -th 0 erelghted with my first, a goodly-freight it is b third the value of the same, for it is his . . . Cross Words. A friend wholshould be dear to one and all, Who's near at hand to help us should we fall. Sins.timen1 t which plays some good old airs, o sOOthe our breasts and chaise away our cares. Tobacco for mi:thiird cross word Icchoose- Th kindtthat boy's and youths do mostry.use. . Each itte bitrd possesscsone of these; eid them lierched'ii~bi the highest trees. W. .D, 'Psclnning, qouthwerk,
ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 7.-When life is filled with gloomy shapes, And o'er us hover vapours chill, And wearied love in sorrow drapes The thoughts of joy that ever fill; When driftilng clouds the glory hide, Of hope untouched by baseless fears, With tender primal for a guide, Upward we rise to brighter spheres. Cross Words. Great the reward, though stern the toil, Did envy not enjoyment spoil. Where palm trees wave their feath'ry crest, The swarthy warriors lie at rest. Pale Wisdom crowned thy noble head And solaced thee when vain hope fled. Where pride and passion reign supreme, Save when they yield to pleasure's dream. Of all the dreams that linger yet, These are the dreams none would forget. E. A. COouAR. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrativeJ 8.-A fter such speech as that of our dear queen, R ather weak, doubtless, will my few words seem C oneerning one whose work upon this page H as won the praise alike of youth and age. E ach subject's duty 'tis, though, to obey; R eady I therefore am my part to say. B egin I then by telling how I grieve E ven to think that he our ranks would leave; ], ong as he has been working with us, still L onger to keep him with us is our will. C an he have meant his words ? I think not so; H a knows 'twould cause as grief if he should go. A little while he means, perhaps; but we M ust e'en with that resolve still disagree. B ut Archer B. will not desert us all; E re long I know he'll answer to our call. R hymes such as his we cannot spare for long, S o soon our doubts he'll scatter with a song. ANNIF A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.) Foundation Words. 9.-Let Thalia own that mortals can Sing blithesome lays of merry wit; 'Twould not demean her did sh9 scan The witty cons. by totals writ. For well might she-if she has not- To represent her graces here, My primals choose, by all ourr lot Held ever welcome, ever dear. And if two knights she should desire To rout her foes, her art to raise. Why, centrals take-rich in wit's fire- And finals, too, our " Tourney's" praise. Cross Words. A feline club, one summer night, Howled, purred, and this, with maed delight. Two parts in next you'll surely find; One, water, with dry land around. For this (pray quickly use your mind) An article, of well.known sound. If third, friends, you'd have without fail, What meaneth " to steal" please curtail. Across the " silver streak." 'tis said, My fourth will truly stand for friend. When noisy curs have fifth, I've read- Why, what? The hearers wish they'd end. The wind was sixth vast clouds of spray; The helmsman scarce could keep the way. You'll have, if earnestly you'll gaze, In seventh a coin (pray hide your smiles, Or Thalia, too, will scorn my lays), Used in the fair Ionian Isles. Knights, last your wit till solvers say, " Alas I you worst us more each day." AGosIsTES. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 10.-My primals will name an old riddler of fame, The soul of my finals is she; Her cons. are so witty, so good, and so pretty, And pleasant to read, you'll agree. Cross Words. An insect you will find in first, a small, industrious thing; I'm sure that many of you here have otten felt its sting. This is a land across the sea, Of it you may have heard; A pronoun now, of letters three, You'll surely find in third. My fourth will name an animal, well known by all of you' But pray don't get within its reach, or you will surely rue. I wonder what's your fifth of me, And of my verse and rhyme ? Dear readers, all in sixth you'll see A period of time. I hope there is no seventh, friends, in keeping you so long, I know that to detain you thus is really very wrong. A riddle that we sometimes write, You've often seen the same. And now for next please bring to sight A female's Christian name. In last you'll see an animal, a favourite household pet, And though I've often longed for one, I haven't got one yet. J. FRANKLIN. Foundation Words. 11.-But two lines will do-'tis plain you'll surmise My primals are water, my finals likewise. Cross Words. A mollusc, or bivalve, derived from the sea; And nice to the palate I'm sure you'll agree. A grave Turkish judge, who in village or town His judgment delivers in skull.cap and gown. Curtail, please, my third-'twill be found in the twilight; 'Tis seen on the mainland, on island, and islet. The features of fourth 'tis amusing to scan; By Darwin 'tis said to be allied to man. The wine of the gods my last will reveal, Used by them extensively during a meal. B. D. M. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Chango the central letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-I am oompobed of letters three, And read me as you will, T'nwm ri'ht to left. from left to right,
The same I will be still. And though it may appear quite strange, 'Tis true as it is said, You could not read me either way Without my precious aid. Now, if you me to torture put By tearing out my heart, And place a diff'rent letter quite Within the vacant part, An animal appears to you, - Of quite a common kind, That is of value mu.h to man In different ways, you'll find. If you are puzzled, here's a hinb Let'sound have its nwn wa', Then I'and you will equal be To us-soo Mound will--ay." ' T, NixOi. Dudley Colliery
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 18.-Dear Editor. are you aware That I, o'erwhelmed by dark despair, Am wofully at sea? This should your sympathy enlist, For (do not dub me egotist) t My cons., save one, have always missed The first place in the " T." Perhaps I do not merit fame; 'Tis only clever bards can claim That envied place-the first. And I've no doubt that there are some Who, though their lips are sealed and dumb, Think me the very worst i Now, sir, I've been informed of late That I undoubtedly have great Imaginative powers. You weren't aware of that before, Although my puzzles, as of y',re, Still come to you in showers? Imagining you answer " No," My duty asat will be to show That such mly be the case. In fact, I'm told my " fancy wings Its flight too high." I "fancy things That never could take place I" Now, any person, sir, can see Those words were said in irony, Except, perhaps, a fool. What could such irony provoke ? I'd written, "I in fancy smoke Upon the laureate's stool." You smile, dear Ed.-I'rn sure you do; My knowing this should prove to yoa My fancy must t.e great. I see the file and Waste P. B.; But first me, Ed.-disclose to me This wretched riddle's fa' e. ARCatR B., Kentish Town. ARITIIMOREM. (An aorostie. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals exressed in sgures.) Foundation Word. 14.-A beverage my primals will display, Which oft is drunk upon a summer's day. Cross Wlords. 51 and breate Free, deliver, Or release. 2 ,, sene Names a river Not in Greece. 1,100 ,, harsa Very witty Cos. he writes. 506 ,, oeo A Spanish city This indites. 101 ,, stenesy Need, occasion, This does mncan. 1,101 ,, area A large country Here is se-n. 1,500 ,, era In our slumber This we do. 1 ,, tegh Last a number Brings to view. GOLDI N CLOUD, Birkenhead. METAGRAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-Forget the past I Your troubles, drowned In first oblivion's vacant space, Will find within thy heart a place No more. No fierc- robound Shall cause thy thrilling soul to sound With agony its mental wavering grace; But. keeping forward in Life's swiftest race, Your feet shall lightly leap the roughest ground. So counsel men the world has reckoned wise; And, if within thy measured past there be No act which in one being's friendly eyes Shall count with gratitude its praise to thee, Then better far the future's worth to prize, And strive to next the past from memory. EXCELSIOR. HIDDEN JEWELS. 16.-Oh, here's a juicy pear, Louise i Come, sister, let us eat. It came from auntie's garden, dear, I'm sure it will be sweet. But Louie's eyes were full of tears- Her brother saw them fall. "Oh, Edgar, nettles are not nice. Why do they grow at all ? "I tried to reach a pretty flower, But those things stung me so I" " Then rub your hand with this leaf, dear, And soon the pain will go." QUEENIE. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 17.-" There is a first. What is the price P" I found that it was second; I bought it-it was very nice, As I before had reckoned.. SAILOR KaNIGT, Kennington. LOGOGREIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 18.-A store for grain my whole will show; Behead it twice, then change the head, A bird is seen which you all know, And which, perhaps, you may have fed. Now, if you'll kindly change the tail, A rumour false it then will be; Repeat. change heald, you cannot fail In this a Scottish town to see. D. MORIus, Glasgow.