RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words.
1.-I reign within a lady's heart, With lustre her blue eyes endow; Her hands are clasped, her lips apart- Alone she makes a silent vow. But, nay-no longer now alone, A manly form is there to woo her, Who, sighing, kneels at Beauty's throne, And tells his wealth of love unto her. I rule an outlaw's turgid breast, Upon his heart I place my spell; His glittering eyes, estranged to rest, The flash of heaven's lightning tell. His hands are gripped in deadly clasp As to and fro his deck he paces. " Ye treacherous waves, I seek your grasp !" He shrieks, and springs to Death's embraces. Cross Words. The lines above written may lead you to think By Cupid I'm smitten, and stand on Love's brink; They are sentimental (don't first, if you please). I'm sure that I've spent all my final in these. Be kind in your third, sirs-their mighty construction Has caused, on my word, sirs, i' my size a reduction I The fact is, I've been to the second so solemn ; The sights that I've seen, too, would fill a whole column. Excuse my concluding-the reason you know ; Dear Ed.'s e'er alluding to length. Stop me I--oh I GESSMEYNE AIMb . DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation sWord. 2.-Empress of great Caesar's heart, Proud, imperious, haughty one, Choosing death by asp's dread dart, Ere as captive to be won. Cross Words. On foremost sails my Johnny dear, To bring a fortune home, And claim his own loved Mary fair, Nor ever more to roam. Dear little, sweet little Nellie Was this the whole livelong day. Bring clever, wise-headed doctor To chase all her tuubles away. The gallows reached, the last pray'r said, The fatal noose is tied A shout is heard, then all delayed- A horseman is descried. With third he for the sheriff made; " Reprieve is here I" he cried. To pore on these I often sit, Anent great men, renowned for wit. Same as centres this you'll find; A beauteous queen 'twill bring to mind. "Order! order!"" "Question ! question!" Hear our legislators cry. Often this a weary task has; Must betimes his patience try. Oh, the weary, wakeful hours, Watching in my next so bare ! Who, in all this world of ours, Could disregard that sorrow there P? O'er the cot the mother lingers, O'er her darling's last long sleep, Gone to join the heavenly singers, Leaving mother here to weep. Whene'er you fail, this do again, Then comes success-your end you'll gain. Though last, I'm first ('tis strange, but true); I'm found in anything you do, But not in everything you view. P. M'CALL, Dublin. DECAPITATION. 3.-In a quiet, respectful manner, Spoke he thus, 'mid grins and frowns, "I'm an exile in this country, Who hath seen life's ups and downs. "Though my coat is worn and tattered, Though my boots are wearing thin, Though my hat is sorely battered, Still, I hold that's not a sin. "Men have striven hard to conquer When the fates against them went; So I try your hearts to primal, Else my words in vain are spent. "Once again, my friends, I charge you, Do not judge me by my look- Is't the frame that makes the picture ? Is't the binding makes the book ? "I am second sad and weary, Will ye bid me quit your land ?" "No I Hurrah ! We soon will cheer you,. See extended friendship's hand." RAw ASN GRANT. ROTATION CHANGE. 4.--Inventions of late are, indeed, most surprising; Inventors in manner are most enterprising; To emulate HEsERT all are aspiring; Inventors invent their invention untiring. Among the inventions comes PruCE'S Rotation, And as a good puzzle it now takes its station. With pleasure I take up my pen and am writing A Rotation Change, in the puzzle delighting. First has kept him from her many years: This morn he was to reach his native land, And soon the maiden's eyes are filled with tears; 'Tis growing next, but still he's not at hand. Ah, what is that which fires her lustrous eyes ? 'Tis music borne upon the stilly air. The merry third disperses all her sighs, And timid joy usurps the place of care. She views a train.band passing through the town, Their fourths and armour glittering in the sun; She hides her blushing face, and fears to own The battle has been fought right well and won. The martial music's soul-inspiring strains Awaken mem'ries which were long at rest, And as it ceases, gone are all her pains, For last leans on her soldier.lover's breast. T. W. KITCHNEB. METAGRAM. 5.-" Dear Annie, will you go with me The ruined first to see ? I'll take good care you will not next, If you will trust to me." " Oh, yes !" she cried, right cheerfully. " My third, too, I will bring. Then we can sit upon the fourth, And hear the birdies sing." So arm in arm they sped away, The fifth old first to see, And Willie on the way did say, " We'll last and get our tea." M. L. RAW, Bradford. CURTAILMENT. 6.-Title euphonious, Rank quite harmoonious; Masculine head of a country's nobility You will in primal see, And in my rhyme 'll see Wonderful genius, I own, with humility. But in my sire you see Spirit of fire. You see I am his next, so my con. is of wonders full. I am but mystical, Not egotistical, For, as a penance, I'll say 'tie of blunders full. TaxE CmanLD or m. CHARADES. 7.-One morning, while I my second did first, At wihole I thought I should with laughter burst; For my cup did first while drinking my tea, Which sent it a-flowing, all hot, over me. I. WAmIxs, Swindon. 8.-High o'er my second in the sea, And o'er my total on the tree, MIy first, on many a silent night, Sends forth a ray of twinkling light. A. J. H. Gmaxva, Colchester,
ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 9.-I am large, I am small; I am known to you all; IMy name, truth to tell, sire, is legion. I am red, I am green, in your houses I'm seen And used in almost ev'ry region. Truth and wisdom profound I contain, andrenowned Am I as creator of laughter; The works of the great and the good I relate, Though oft 'tis a century after. A lesson I teach, or a sermon I preach, With eloquence greet, though unspoken. A blessing, a ban, and of wonders that man Doth perform, I'm a ne'er-dying token. Cross Words. First second, boundless, ceaseless in thy flow, Thy rage appalling to the human eve, When shall the wond'ring world, enlightened, kno What secrets 'neath thy heaving bosom lie P No careless guardian thou to let them third. AAh, no I thy secrets never will be sung, No tortures thee compel to speak a word, Nor e'er a last unlock thy mighty tongue ! CouLsoN AND MYERs. CENTRAL CHANGE. 10.-To puzzling fame I do aspire; A flame as fierce as any fire Runs through me when I see some name Appear each week, of riddling fame. I therefore take my pen in hand, And hope that in the " Tournament " My name I'll see among the band Of puzzlers who for fame are bent. Sans more ado, I'll now proceed To this my humble con. indite, And bid you all of this take heed: For first an animal please write. Lo. and behold I by central change, Another animal you'll view; Repeat, and then you'll see, 'tis strange, Another one-though strange, 'tis true. L. FaREEANue. ARITHMIOREM, L Foundation Word. 11.-Oft I cut a merry caper, Joy and mirth I can't conceal; When I read the Young Folks paper, This I'm always sure to feel. Cross Words. 151 and nep 'Tis useful ever To artists clever. 6 ,, long I said, " Be this," To a pretty miss. 601 ,, new A boy's name here, It is pretty clear. 100 ,, rhoan Of use it is To a ship, I wis. 9 ,, phsn A statue known As a riddling one. 50 ,, rates A garment now, You will all allow. 4 ,, arl Ne'er liked, 'tis stated, But often hated. 1,009 ,, anee It means inspect, As you'll soon detect. ALLES. S., Glasgow. ENIGMA. 12.-I can be a great friend, also a great foe, And the mischief I make it is dreadful to know; But though mischievous, often I useful can be, For I give you your dinner, and also your tea. Though possessed of no legs, I can dance and leap high, Until often I seem to reach up to the sky. I've a terrible appetite-I always devour All unfortunate beings that fall in my power. I'm of service on land, and also on the sea, For there would be no steamships if 'twere not for me. I've now said enough; if I told any more, You would guess me too easily, I am quite sure. A. H. PLUMER. CHARADE. 13.-One afternoon I met first Cole, With fiddlers three around him, He, good old soul, with pipb and bowl, Was busy when I found him. A second sat by waters cool; A dinner there he sought. He looked a fool, beside the pool, For ne'er a fish he caught. One early morn, in sunlight's gleam, Whole, as he swift flew past, Dived in the stream and caught a bream, With which he broke his fast. A. ST. J. ADCOCr. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 14.-"'Tis hard," a widow said to me, " To lose a loving son, Who was my only stay and help; But now-but now he's gone. "He was a faithful, honest boy, And aye to me was kind. But now he's gone, my sole support, And tears my eyes do blind." R. GuNTr. METAGRAM. 15.-My first I scratch, and try to hatch A con. that will be witty, Something that will the Ed.'s eye catch, But not an absurd.ditty. My heated brain must next again; I go to snuff the taper, And drop a little last of ink, And stain my precious paper. BARNETT DE BEAR. OMEGRAM. 16.-An animal first; A winning.post next; My last is to force. Friends, don't be perplexed. BLUCnER, Dumfries. REVERSION. 17,-I want to reach my first (Which is a place of sale) ; I do not want to walk, so A passing next I hail. VENTO. MONOPHONICAL BETAGRAM. 18.-I once was invited (Which me much delighted) By Lady De Vere to a second; But first had predicted That I'd be aftflicted With a cold, on which I'd not reckoned. NELLIE C., BOW, SQUARE WORDS. 19.-First is ever-grasping Shylock's friend, For by it he claims his second charge; Third's an emperor, whom to commend Farthest from my thoughts is; fourth's not large. DECAPITATION. 20.-I'm sometimes large, and sometimes small, I'm sure I'm useful to you all; But if you me do now behead, A large-sized beast you'll have instead. MAsIE,