RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE.
1.-The hot sun shines on a lively scene; The Sherwood men, in their jerkins of green, Loud shouting, "' Long live our king and queen!" And the villagers join in loyally. The queen sits straight on her palfrey grey, And the archers shoot in a resolute way, For 'tis whispered that she gives the prize to-day, So each has next right royally. Now handsome Hugh has taken his stand, His first grasped firm in his strong right hand. " Good luck I" is the greeting among that band, With no voice contradictory. Three splendid totals, straight and true I The centre is pierced thrice through and through, And the queen gives to sun.tanned, blushing Hugh The token of his victory. G. TaoT. CONUNDRUM. 2.-Ah, ladies, riddling belles, your pretty rhymes, When pealing forth in bell-like tingle-tangle, Would seem to set off, with their silver chimes, The " sterner sex's" more discordant jangle. Now, he who doth ignore our ladies shows It whenhe endshiscons. with " Guess who can, sir." And- Stay I I started, ladies, to propose- To pop; yes, pop a question-and your answer ? That query, I opine, is premature; In fact, I've yet to put the question clearly. It isn't matrimony, to be sure, Although it does concern that question nearly. I only wish to ask the ladies-see ?- To pop a puzzling question; and I think it Won't take them long to guess why letter D Is like a wedding-ring, that fateful trinket. W. J. SHAta&a. METAGRAM. 3.-Oh, Connemara, land of many streams, Can e'er thy heath.clad valleys be forgot ? Oft do I roam thy face again in dreams, Or rest secure upon some verdant spot. Curs'd are thy first with barrenness for aye, Nor can the children of thy humid soil Win out their bread on land, but ever may Be found most bravely waging desp'rate toil And struggle with the sea, that to their doors Next up the treasures of its hidden caves, Or in its times of raging wildness roars, And to their humble dwellings throws its waves, Bearing to its wild bosom back the store Of corn or peat ingathered with much care ; Or, as the peasants tell, in simple lore, Doth from their homes the hardy fishers tear. Still, wert thou in the past my loved abode, And mem'ries round thy name their halos fliug, For often on thy bays I sailed or rowed, Where from the sea the beetling cliffs upspring, Or watched the sun down-sinking in the west. While youth and love enhancing glamours lent. And hill o'er hill upheaved its russet crest, Till by their heads the rushing clouds were rent. H. H. SPARLING. ACROSTICAL CENTRAL DELETION. 4.-A valiant young knight was Sir Reginald Whyte, G allant and dashing, brave and free; R egardless of danger, to sorrow a stranger, I n light and in tournament often was he. P rince John did indite to the said young knight P ermission to join in a tournament fight, A t which his royal mother and noble king brother A ttended in state, for to witness the sight. N ever before was our gay hero more D elighted than when he received this glad news. A nd after he'd dressed in his superfine best- S uch a beautiful cloak and long-pointed shoes- P repared for the fray; he then hastened away, E ntered the lists with his faithful esquire. N ow he is mounted, his odds he has counted, And he thunders right on, with zeal and fresh fire. UI is first is in shivers; his sword, how it quivers ! S eldom such fighting had been seen before now. C rash I this last act won the victory intact, A nd the victor is our young Reginald Whyte. He L ifts up his helmet, then seconds his gorget. E very eye's turned on the conqueror mighty, S o the fair wreath of laurel is placed on his brow. AntY BOEnrieR, Shorucliffe. ANAGRAMS ON FRUITS. 5.-A negro stood about there, selling matches; His face was gaunt, his clothes composed of patches. The thing is plain; peep through yourself, and then, sir, You'll quite believe the tale of those two men, sir. Now, take the coat, rip up the seams, and then he Can alter it to fit our little Benny. It's very cold; gin would make me much warmer. Shall I have rum ? No, I will have the former. The girl Ilove is named Matilda Claricoe (They're high-flown names), and her surname is Harris. When coming home, it thundered and it lightened, And, Ted, a dog ran up the road, quite frightened. A great man, Poe. I read his works with pleasure, And every one I read I call a treasure. I took his arm, led him away to dinner, And then I saw that he had got much thinner. Oh, what a horrid din a mart creates I The clash of fenders, and the crash of plates. DAMION AND Pr1rlsAs. ROTATION CHANGE. 6.-I often wonder how I first To lift a pen and write, Or, rather, try to make the worst Of cons. you could indite. And though I second always take, That they're my very best, I scarcely ever any make That wholly stand the test. For this defect there is a third. And if I would apply It to what's wrong, upon my word, Bright cons. you would espy. If I was next, perhaps I won:d Be better "up to Dick;" But people say I never could Be anything so quick. And though it last me to the core To be considered so, I must confess I'm little more Than simple. But I go. R. MosTGOmsRY. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 7.-I sit beside my study fire, And all is warm and snug; My cat, tired with noisy play, Lies sleeping on the rug. A quiet peace reigns all around. And fills my dear old room; The rest that dwells within my soul Dispelleth all the gloom. My life is blessed with many joys, Contented is my heart, And I'll endeavour all my days To act the nobler part. HorAcE W., Brighton. OMEGRAM. 8.-Horses prancing, knights advancing, Sunbeams glancing sirs, their mail; Lord and vassal, onward press all To the castle next Deepdale. They all journey to the tourney, And they've sworn they will not flee. But boldly charge, with spear and targe, Until at large they've placed Marie. SSPOTSTROKE, Glasgow. r TRANSPOSITION. 9.-My first's a well.known animal; t But if transposed by you, A'useful portion of yourself You certainly will view. M. F. Gasa, Fermoy.
DECAPITATION. 10.-Long have I hoped to head the " Tournament," And all my efforts on that goal I've bent; But, after long endeavour, first, it seems, My verses get there only in my dreams. Our Ed., I know, says perseverance will Attain most objects and desires, but, still, Look how I've tried, dear Ed., and surely you With condolence and pity me will view. Enough of wailing in this mournful strain ! I'll still keep on (although it seems in vain To move thy feelings, most remorseless Ed.), Next all poetic feelings will have fled. But long I'll strive, ere all my fancies fly, To once attain that pinnacle so high; Ambition to my feet will wings have lent, If once I do but head the " toarnament." D. G. G. HOLES. ACROSTICAL CENTRAL CHANGE. 11.-N o doubt a first is useful to each knight, E specially when a con. he fain would write, L oud praise to win and gain a name renown. L o ! armed with ink and paper, sits him down I n eager haste his feelings to express, E nraptured at the thought of bright success, C omposing witty nexts in every line. B ut there, 'tis done, and with his con. so fine, O if to the post; but ere he knows its fate, W ith anxious heart, three weeks he has to wait. MARIoN TAYLOa, Birkenhead. MONOPHONE. 12.-I write such nice, romantic things, And I wish you all to know it; I wear my hair in curls, like rings- I'm what you call a poet. My brow is white as Paris plaster- Let me think, is that romantic ? Oh, as white as alabaster I That's right; with joy I'm quite frantic. My first is soft, soft as putty- And in a young lady's keeping; She loves me truly-but-but I Mustn't let my brains go sleeping. Her cheeks are red as cooked beetroot; Her eyes are hazel, and they squint. And she is fond-fond of sweet fruit, Which I have to buy without stint. She knows the last of everything, Cooking, sewing, eating, talking, And like a cuckoo she does sing When she and I go out walking. J. C. COLLIER. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 13.-Oh, what a cruelty there is in war, The fiend that stalks abroad when hate is rife ! It spreads its ruin ruthlessly afar, And drains the blood that gives the man his life. They go to death, those soldiers who must fight, And sink below, struck down by foeman's steel; And fast the cannon's fire, from tow'ring height, blnys all around-no mercy does it deal. A. H. SCALES. DECAPITATIONS. 14.--My first stood on the public street, In charge of one who wasn't neat, But who could sell his feline meat In calm and storm, And who, alas ! would also cheat In brilliant form. A second soldier came, one day, And stood beside his -not a dray- And gravely unto him did say, " I want some food; 'Tis for my little doggie, Tray, So give it good." " I'll do so, mister, never fear. I've stood this street for twenty year, And ne'er a rival do I fear In selling meat. I find that they are final dear; They also cheat." The soldier proudly strode away; The cat's-meat man was heard to say, As carefully he lit his clay, " I'm here a week, And, blow me l but there's naught does pay So well as cheek i" J. M'COLL. 15.-The sun now sinks in crimson glow, And gently do the zephyrs blow; The birds retire to rest. The sky, with many a colour bright, Forebodes a pleasant, starry night, For lovers suited best. The ploughmen, with a merry song, By honest labour mighty strong, Their homeward course pursue. At open doors the children stand, To welcome father by first haud, When next shall come in view. The flowers now appear as dead, Complacently each nods its head, To sleep their cares confide. Until the morning light appears, When ev'ry flower its head uproars, And opes its petals wide. All nature now has gone to rest, And Luna soon will be our guest, And bring her silv'ry light. Upon the earth there's scarce a sound, Meu's artificial lights abound, Proclaiming darksome night. T. S. SnAuL. 16.-For shame I 'Tis a sin, not caring a pin Whether you study or not. 'Tis first what I say-you'll next, sir, some day, Not using the talents you've got. C. R. BAMBoaOUGH, Byker. SQUARE WORDS. 17.-With fear-fraughtthonghts, the sanctum I draw near, To sue the Ed. to let my con. appear, And as I enter I let drop a third, But reappear as happy as a bird; And fly away to tell my sister first That in next week's Youngq Folka my eager thirst For fame will satiated be, and o'er A widespread second, where ne'er heard before, My name shall spoken be as riddling bard- In everybody's last it shall be beard. MODESTY, Inverness, METAGRAM. 18.-Now.if you'd solve this con., just listen to me, sirs: You'll find my primal meaneth large and roomy, sirs; A word for" prone to plunder" next you' I1 please to view ; I'm sure that you will bring the same with ease to view. S. W. HAYES, Worcester.