RI1)DLE TOU1NNAMIENT. TRANSPOSITION.
iTansos lt le trns ioii w e,' ) f r " rlnothlr word.) yid me ye tuneful nine, while forth I bring Id ae icli' instrument, and try to sing; i;le forth frt.L out thy hiiudg-place atain : -e-lui nmy lyre, the " Tournamuental" strain. hitllt shai I sing about ? the knihts and, dames i t rce tle the " Tourney," love's devoturin r flamtes, ,fie ontr ' -s bIeauties, or theo raing' main ? - y.: ly lyre, the " Tournament d " strain. \nouit the withered leaves I may not sing, ih. y I extol delartedl Sprin:r- (Ilithese the Editor has !pacelL his " ballo. : y itre, the " 'T'ourlui!nental" :atrai-n. ; , ,r ! I "" u ig v t in(' d e I n l ii h t in d it e , f bi tis tll u e " Ed." o :;de i d ri -hbt. yn -ift in bounds I lnust r.str;in : `iiul iuy i r(, the " Toriiiianutal " -trai. Ir, lirki ! barrel-.organ songds abovel ld ina tiy tat soile cat bewails its loc ; Sthee begin 'tis ti me thou shoul:.l; ref.rin, Tuan cease, mt lyre, the " Tournarmentai'' straiin. T'i -i'eti i:Lna wiho lives above lily head . lpiLt ied his conduct thus: " I play," he sail, "u k elp your lyre fron driving tle in ane.i Then cease, my lyre, the ' 'urnament.tll " strain. 'T'as here I rashly ventnr, d to expound i,W what lie v,ti, was siimilar ill sounil ': wlhat 1i1ti called lay instU iluleit; 'twlas vain. 'Then i.ea-e, iiy 1.. re, the " Tourunament.l" strain. " r5-as vani ; I fell beneath rep:tal ed blows, - 1.1 :; re.1 stream cain ic Cl sluul !g'frou1 mixy nose. .!ils si.oul nlty hbsence frolm t his page explain. c ,laude, my lyre, the " Tourui meutal'" strain. PaluiiCK S., Delfast. :O lLf .; NAIIIRATIVE TRANSIPOSITION. I a, es two i r's lIre trans) ,,.3 , iand formt other w ords .--Il this world of ours so topical, i',,ht t gnostical, el'\ I-l ior ueen tliihe like of it before; We ,a\', men (of all s ,rts-logical, -e t etical, buellic:ld-- i a s c veryth:ug tihat makes our lion roar. We vie tio be grati uatical, E.-sietial, enstatical, And ev'ry other "il" gauled in a trice; I lnl t ha we havntl't got, constrrctiotal, S p,ttepatible, rc;iproeatl, is what we're wantinlg-" Peace at any price !" S. DE Bo.un. " NAI:ItATIVE MIETA-OMERIIAL,,.' - --ithls il- ::ii h-It. elitiltIN of :t ,,r. 1o ui o ll a tlluthlir wos d ,; It., i. li1e nte ar aili n . -1 nw-,lnl write a ball:lo if I could, Yt I', notlhing to sing or to say; useless you readling this !ay. S: Y on, riddl ers 'aiy, 'T, :it. s. .-t kinI of p IstiLme ,to wrvi-. -.A . y, u know I've bena wItoi .i .1 day, S, it wtrtino for notlling to nmotl. If n, bralin would give birth ito a Il,,,dl Ill 1' 1.- I, :e:-' whiicht wt'e wl ,rthi i ofui pay, 1 v. uii si, I l:kt, a thrush in a v.,.'--, Ur :t ,nkh:rd high Il ,"1 a ," I :mIt s ,:I.-s I wo ,lt a :lb'lly <., i,lay In tile " 'i urti y," to -ltke it m-io' bright; I t it ton't, let aie do as I tai, SR I'm wlriting for nlothinl; to- nig;ic. 1I) t' rcmn thinkl, i r. Ed., that I wou'd I ilte- baEt of mi vers-es yolr wa iy Ye:, : Cik ev'ry - idiller shoul , TIi, het wrnte like a Byron o" Gray. iWy ha\,; Coulson and G.iw gone astray In lii! pride uf-their valour and iniuhi ? Thy hlave cealsed to takei part in the fray, So I'nl writing for nol.ig to.-ni';ht. E1xvo. Ohl. ye ltnights in thi "'' Tourney'" array, 'lThorn is honour in leading the light I would have yeou remeobein--bir. sitay, I ni wrniting for nothinig to-night. S. Weooum, M1ETA-OIMEGII AM. , i" s l ihe ui't anil last, le tt irs of it word to form:ti lotlier xworld.i 4.-'rm ti u first sining in the west, The orb of neit had done its hlst, And now it sought a well-eu:irnd rest At the close ,if day. Our hero strolled along the itrer t, l'-rchannee he had som0is flrilend to ':; :t, V hieo, 1o ! we see him lake lhis sc:st At the close of tlay. - Ii - , ,iu tite iust scarcely tnhkeu fli:;hit \'V:ul fL,..L a tart'lin-; o11 thi right Another biian- cans in sitlut, At he close of day. No-v w'hen these t wo peci.dced each other, Tih i:- rate no, longier they could smother; Nor did they try to finld a c.,ver At the close of day. Thiry took i; race-'twns snuh a place--- Vhn. 1face Lto fia i', unto th:it. ,hlic. Their footsteps trace,-ilark-ttained disgrace At the close of day. Now, surely, we to tell yoe ought Thel uau:es -f tnese who fr.aailtum -,nfl t; Well, yes, they were two cats who so ight, Until the dawn of day. ScaIIn1i loIR ASN DaBReOt Annow-. OMTEGAiSI. (TIe last letter of n word is chlanl- el t [il form; n !iot .r wordl. (Dedicated to T. Roystot, the punster.) 5,-I'm decidedly averse to writing a verse, I've a mortal Idl.liko to a rhyme- For r-lin i -f all poets the olne most perverse; iy lsunse, too, is hardly sublime. -s,, an-l I coni, o'er confounded har'd coae., hinch are meanlt to tnke phtce i e our " T'.;" -':irla.l.nenlt-ion in this onur great " T'onrnenllet,"' T'Iat is the greatest of glories for ate. yS efforts are puny, though liuntny they may be; It lulna-tic verses on Luna won't do; Thile my ode to fair sprtlg-time-oda-on't wake my Ilem'ry Of that slrintg that it caused from the end of a shoe! ioince wrote a sonnet, and lavishe 1 upon it A year and a fortnight to make it contpletc. I"i.ol'trtiai I've ever been; oh, that you all had seen, ihen I had read it, me chased down the street ! i ak ~is the e'ding I'd best be appending: v tinii s last tint-, thoush it isn't a moist 'n; £1 01 w1u1 up this ditty, but first my lon beading so thi I i'a- of our paunster -his nale is '. ?rt--yxstn. 1I. WV. AnDREWS, tfaplnstUad. CONUNDIUM.. t.--N ow, ridlecrs al! likle riddles, I!ero is one they niay vwish: Tell Iue wlheu a boy at school Is like an artfu ifith. iTun ImDTsn, Newcastle.
NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form anothel r word, ex- pressed in the narrLtiveu . 7.-Her name was Bridget Maud McCann And his was Michael Murphy, And this young maid loved that young man, While he loved Molly Durfy. Now, BI-idgret was as sweet a lass As liveu in Ballyshintiedl- One wit chini eye was made of glass, The other gravely squinted. And Molly bright in sweet Kilseape Pu su, I her daily labours; Iler legs were tw;sted out of shlape- lAt least, so said her neighbours. Bi sewen Ihie townships flhwodl a stream \Where Michael l Iit. his Moily ; U,-t weontlien lh there' w.Las "ut 011one theme- 'i' T love, withuiti. ;t fsholy. T ye d.y.s spad on wiit joyful haste; ' C live t s ip t e ,i"d i, '"it; 'i'!l." Lolluyetl d s;oa ts of lvI, , . to taste ilc:len their sole employmient. Bleu. envy filled Mliss Bridget's healt Vith jealous ditperatiion, And sh-e resolved those two to part, \V ith grim determnuation. And so, one fatal eveiing, when TIsee by the stream were waltiniu, Bold iBridget went tand, there a l tlten, She stopped their tend, r t.:llkiig. XWithout a word, she deftly knocked ',dor Mll into the river; Tii,.n Mick plunged in, extremely shocked, lies darlingl to deliver. Bltt swiftly flowed the stream that day, Aunl MicK and Molly purl hiid, W'hile Biridget, to remorse ra prey, Cut short the life she eh': :,ihil,. L'Lito, Glasgow. hMONOPIIO N l:. (Worldso diiireaet 'nea:no:. tt te sate in soutind THE COW\'OY'S LAMENT. (IWih all apoli,, :L , lod Ieunnyson.) 8.-Cowboys, leave me here o ma omnt ; 'tain't time yet for perforlaunce. Leave m t here and go, my bravcs-go and too the big war dance. 'Tis the place and all around it as if old a wall is seen; Some feet tunde.rgrounid witlilu that dwelleth now my heart's lair queen. First, just 'neath this wall, I've lingered, waiting till I her should see ; Waitinie, waiting-oh, how often I-till her mistress had done tea. Many ani evening after twilight did 1 to my loved one crawl; Many a : evening did we linger just inside yon garden wall; MIany an evening after twilight tid I steal one fond sweet Riss, And thlu cry (iln tretc I:jun style), " Ugh, ugh! there's your master. iliss ! Oft I caked her, " Oh, Illy Susan, dst thou-dost thou love me woel ?" "Oh, niy Buliler Bill," she answered, "better far nor tongue can tell." Oft she murmured, "Oh, my Dufiler, get behind yon apple tree; Mind, don't let the master next yon, for no follyers 'loweth he." In the Wild \Vest are no masters; there no windows intervune; There no hubbub-kicking artists; there no garden.walls between. In those wilds an Injun bravo weareth neither coat nor vest. Ah ! he can embrace his darling-clasp her-clutch her to his breast. O my Snsan-auburn-haired one! O my darling--mine Ito 11101" ! liill- calip--burn--eat her master!-he's just bolhtedI the b:ac: door. '" W. G. DuoisL~r. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. An acrostic. The letters o cross wordse th d :are R,olnma nIumeerlals expresswol ill leiil'eeur Fountdltion hioris. 9.-The way somie do it is this, And so Dame Fortule t.-"y miss: Tney'll al be famo , Yes, the1 will! They all take pa,r, Ink and quill. And then a puzzla Of1 they scnd. They read " Declined," and Tha:t's their end ! The way some do it is ti::, Ancd the g, t thlien ' eirturliu' hiss: PEach to be failiou-; Mleans, and ,c':i, Earch oie takes lli;csr, Ink and ruill And if they fail, tchy W'hole ,agun. And so they win--aye, Win like lueu! Cross Iords. 301 and Trent Now first this river tale, Add figures two and make "'lhree teeth." Eh? what! You can't ? "Just tell !" No, no, I shan't. !b ,, ereer Now, should I send to you The key to this line through The G. P. O., you'd cry, " ece-ived! I'ln netc; oh, my!" !,' 30 ,, ayeyon If flual quite defies Tonr skill, U solvers wise, A yeoman, perhaps you'll find, Would be a champion kind. AGONISTES. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The fnal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or worls.) Foundation Words. 10.-A nursery heroine's here, A maiden sweet, gentle, and mild, Her name to the yonugsters is dear, And her story well known to each child. Cross sWords. You couldn't rightly say it was a feature, Bat 'tis a part of every human creature. Our siscoetd you will probably kniow well, oh, As being in the tragedy " Othello." I love to sit at ease within a bower. And watch the changing hues of tlhirld-- fwi ar. It tells of deeds of honour, love, anl glory ; nlu other words, a narrative or story. The' ,u may find our iftlh, it should be statedi i 1s drio ,trne or instruction's indicatel. Pie.,.s ·i:.! che name (that is, if you are able) Of one a ho wrote fell many a not ol iable. J. A. iAiisHALL AND S. WV. al'ets. ENIGMA. - it1-Is hard when old, And soft when new; If wIva m ori cold, 'Twill always do. G. W. IIaYtt.
DECAPITATIONS. ( Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 12.-I am a youth by nature meek, Laconic and precise, And thus it is I seldom speak, Except to give advice. Humble in every thought and deed, I never flirt or wink ; I never smoke the noxious weed, And always keep froum drink. I seldom smile at things absurd, My dress isfirst and plain; And when I hear a naughty word, It always gives me pain i And it was but the other day, When close by t'h., in,. Cross, I nmt two boys upon lmy iway. A-playing " pitch ilnd to -'." " Dear boys," sail 1, " whly do you play This wicked gaune of -ll ? Why do you pan ti he livcg,,n day A-clluckii g lup your tii?" And thoun I .'.trnd, aid argm cd strong, I a-kel thi.n to ilent ; I showed th oui that the thing was wrong Anll bte: Ihenl ti1 1i0eNlit. And one - the tallest of the two-- 'J he cents,. he'd tossed so free, I sail, to prove his heart was true, lie'd Letter give to nce. I placd1 mIy iand upol , his head, I t=t it iwas no S.111; lBut, oh, hlie only duelsd', ant said A word that rhymedln with "lamb!" I tried to cool his angry fears, To c:alm his dire distress; But all 1 got fronu out his tears Was C U double S ! Ile kicked, he scratched, he swore outright, So deep, so great his woe, So, as I could not hold him tight, I had to let him gm. And when that night I last lily toast, And thought o'er all his sils, I could nit Lell sohicli hurt me most- Mly cuusciouce or my shins. So, as a way to smale begone The nlul;rs I wi -h.ld to sanither- ,Vith viieg:ar 1 lunluiihilml 10e. And braudy drownted the other! 11. . T'l'Art.ot:. Birkenhead. 1.-Patrilck S., first " Tourney" warrior, Will you please palrdo me If I just ask youi to refer To No. 65U? And there i'm sure you soon will see, Upon the " Tourney " page, A merry little riddle Written by a brilliant sage. You said that you were open To suggestions of all sorts; So I the e lines have written, To convey to ytu my thoughts Onl thin very curious query 'That you in your puzzie maale, About the maln iup in lie imoon, And how he got his spade. Now, whether that last gentleman You talked so much abouti Digs holes, an(1t tlhen makes mountains Of the earth h: slovels out, I'm sure I canniiiiot tell you, But I really aii afraid That iI he dues the iimplcment He uses isn't a spade. Perhaps yout've heard athou the folks Whoi're cot tainly not Shakers; But who are often called by The strange name of " moon.rakers" ? Well, when the man up in the moon A new thi, g \wants to make, Pcrliipis lihe orders one of them To h:id him up a rake. CA IRA. 11.-Said Mario to the shy young man Who, sought her sle each day, Yet statniiered so when hle began Propsals to essay, "If you will fir t take from my hand, Atnd quickly it behead, You'll Iind what you have long desired You'l have instead." MADEIRA. 15.-A useful thing to workmen behead, And then hind my sert on ships instead. 111AWATtiA. PRECE-ODIEGRIAM. (Change the last letter but ouie ..f ai word to fors another word.) 1G.-The firelight slickers fit fully Across a diii old roo m, le1idsle a large il 1-; ahitned cha ia A i- ai 11), willisiUP, yoiun and f:ir', Stands retalng at small let t.,r i: I he gloom; Ah, me! she seems ill great me:-.s And tear-drops stain her d:ulty dress. WVhat story do those tear-dr..ps toll ? What makes the maid so s.d ? Why duoes she cl itch, so hard, that letter ? IIas her owni lovei ioiund solii)e girl better, To nsake his coldi hart gla ? Ah, no ! 'tis something sadder st ill That stirs her frame and makes her ill. " The only thing I first so bad ! That I shiould bear this sorrow! I'll have to sta, at home," she Cighed (And then the poor girl sat and i cr,1i) ; " I cannot go to church to-morrow." Can you not cuess what makes her weeip, What ma kes her cry lherse.f : a sleep i Oh ! gentle laltes, drop a t., .r Iu symipathy; for you, I tear, Would teel distress if you had read The cruel words that letter said :- " i've not had time your hat to do, Will you p]lease 1alt a day or two ?" LeA MrYSTERIE. CIIARADES. ( sormed on st word scrc syllial)e of vtr n irn: a word.) 17.-Although my first isa faro ni high, There's one thing I well know, A feather and sand bank are ngh, Thoug:h it may be b low; And tien conies next a lean, you'll say, Who hails ItroUm Eri's Isle, Who-u brogue aund blunders to this day Oil cause us folks to smile; 1;ut he wvalks lame, and the cause of it Is thruigh my fit, a kind of sprain. 1I y in a pile 'twill also fit. I think I ve made the whole throo plain; Unite the trio, and you'll see A town in Ireland eaily. lB'a MransaI. 18.--irt-t's a word of exciamation; And if you feel neiti.cd To, look for lisw, a let tr Nov far frio p you'll lind; Aoli lii.'s a ipanitak ttl.: (Yot't'e quI i,a iblund that out.); Aodl mcisc's a totwn wlich son have seen Full many a time, no doubt. F. ItuILLIS, DMOttinglhRam.
NARRATIVE METAGRAInIS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 19.-I love to sit down by my window, When the stars are abroad in the sky, To look at the woods in the moonlight, The houses in -tillness and eloom, To gaze at the stars in the midnight, Through the panes of my stulyig.-room. So peaceful it seems in the midnight. Whosu the stare beam out ever so high; And the bsies look so blue in the midnight, So d(,eply, so lustrously blue, As I glance through the lattice and skylight, To heaven that seems shiniug tlrough. I love to sit iown by my my latte, And goaz through the diamonud p:Lr. 'When the br,:ezes are sigh, anl, hb.ending Thie popilars that grow ti t he lane, When the luoonbeams are dlzzlinx, anl shedding Their glorious rays throi : t 1. I .ine' . Oh, sweet is the hour of th, u i' i .ibt To those whlo are j aded with car.', To the pensive and over, roetrlt ' ii lent 'V hose hours f r musiusg are ra e. And to we it is sweet at ily hltte . ''hose soul-moving hours to share. it. Cox, Biruenhead. 20.--Dear friend, I received your exquisite reply To the questions set foirth I,' my ltt tr; And, if I express my mind's prolmptilLgse, sir, why I should say one could not write a I crlci. You say that you write for a certain " . I'., Of success you've a fond, hearty notion; Itut that progress uip steepy Parnassus flr ye Is too slow, and you'd hasten the nme,: 1,,. You wail that ,neu "peeper " unceas ingly ilinks, W\,hen you strive, e'er with failure, to write wh Lt you feol I Well, friend, only write what your intellect thinks, And the mnet'od, lie sure, will assist ynu a dle i. VWe're blessed with the pleasure of Tounght's sweet deli.ht, But we soar far too high for our Reason, Andl thereflre must cut! just enough from our height O) suublluliy's evivecn to seasion You laty g, ow qulite aL wis 'as is the sagest, my friend, Yet ever dllitirn t be, w.iser; No sbloll ill the " wis,_lom .'f wise" can asceud .\s to really becume wisdoi,'s s1111 r. You ILy unash your frail wings 'gaitlst the bars of your taieo, And chirp like the poor captive liinnet, lut, thougl youe ma, live iu a worhl'bove our age, tou o ilLmy not express what is in it. So let it us pursue the delicious old way, And Ie'er discontentedly grumble, Assured that our heights we ,hall esimanage-some day- Though we meet now and then with a stumble. V. D. TAYLUou, Warrington. MIETA GRAIS. i(t ttila the first lttle' of a wlrli i- tfsrii eiistliear "ir 1.1 l1.-With bodies bent to the fore, with muscles strained to the nervle, The rowers sit with their oars firmly gripped, striving their honour t,o serv ; Plash, plash, plash ! itogethe.r the oars come out, While spectators by the eclbankinent yell and burst into mighty rhout. Pulsh, plash, plash ! while the sun shines first above, White plash, plash, plashit ! lfor the exirise', they love; 'Tis oiihl to ply the oar aleg with hie ridde"r tO t urn, And above as they row the heat of the sun c:mscs tore- head iand moutlu to Lurn. Nearer, nearer tihey strive, still using their oars with zeal, They mean to mrat so r this race, either for woe or weal Strloe, strlie, stlrooe ! inl wciar'ilucss olnward tlll y go, oivwint' at once wisth a stretching stroke, then sudlenly goiug slow. And now the people scream--a scream so hearty and clear, I hardly think--hut yet it is truc--see, they are nearing the pier; Excitement reigns supreme, they are drawing up to their po1st. HIurrah, hurrah ! the pi:op!o roar, for nei-ither side ai:s lost! u. E iBEARi. 22.-0O tatry dear, I cannot bear To think that you 'll1 soon he leaving; But now beneath these shies I sw,,.ir To you, dear one, I'll still be cleaviug. Others omay come and try to gainl What to your own dear o li I've given, But to the last I will rcmain 'lIrne to the one my fancies live in. And she, with face sad, Net serene, A1i I, 'teast with lirstLup sorrow heaving, To hii, deare heart her head wiuil lu, Anl. try to stifle bitter gri ovinlg, li,'lt he, with soothing whisper:; tried T'o Ice.on tall thebo grief of p irting. B3ut words were to his heart detlled, And through his brain sharp panig.; were darting, And thus they separated now, To meet, perhaps, as lovers I ever; Thl,ugh through th. ir minds still raug the vow To meet a:lain aml nle'er toi sever; lie to hli hoile aect hasting fst, A ,il when his form the dutr was shut on, hI,: sel, tly to the kitcheu passed, Anud leasted on a leg o muitton. IvanuoE, Belfat. 23.-A Young Folks riddler is my first, His residence is at Wood G reen; But if the first letter is chanugod, Another riddler then is seen. .1. BIIsnLELL, Belfast.