RIDDLE TOURNAMEN METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another w- 1.-T waq nnly fnn- u ,aJ nA
1.-I was only tour years old, Fifteen years ago I believed in rainbow gold, Fifteen years ago; Thought that fairies, first in white, Danced in flowery dells at night, How I longed to see the sight, Fifteen years ago I I would listen to the trees, Fifteen years ago, As they rustled in the breeze, Fifteen years ago ; And I thought they whispered low To the flowers down below. What they said I wished to know, Fifteen years ago. I believed in goblins grim, Fifteen years ago; Thought they lurked in corners dim, Fifteen years ago; I would hear, with much amaze, Nursie's tales of elves and lays. Ah, but those were second days, Fifteen years ago. Qo 2.-Oh, maiden fair, With lirst brown hair, And radiant eyes Like starry skies, Thy smiling face With beauty's grace Did once beguile Miy heart awhile. Next false art thou- I know thee now; And though thou'rt fair, What do I care ? E. J.T, DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials. for a wordi or Foundation Words. 3.-Speed, speed thee lightly on thy natal day, Nor fear the gloom that might euwrap thy. The guardian star of virtue leads the way- A faithful heart will win a joyful goal. Let no.dark dread of future cast a shade, Or make less fair the prospects of thy yeot Led on by hope, in innocence arrayed, Your life shall find the guerdon of its troth Cross IWorde. Opinions differ very much concerning The works of one who lives among us now; As for myself, I am a long while learning To place a leaf of laurel on his brow. How many soldiers died upon the snow, And soiled its purity with wasting blood, Hearing the while the torrent of thy flood, That poured along with never-ceasing flow I Come, strike the lyre, and sing the biausete Which bids prosaic life to leave its ill, And join the tuneful and melodious throng Who make existence happy while it will. Upon its waters rides a stately fleet, Bringing the wealth of nations from far la And near its banks, deep, deep beneath thel The miners toil with hard and grimy hanlo Some tell me that I have it not; 'tis true I show it not to please the public view; But if some gentle angel would but try me, The dear possession she would not deny e. He sleeps beneath the shadow of a tow'r All ivy-clad with leaves of fadeless .reen: A man who wielded England's honoured po And served till death his country and hisq The wondrous things he does are truly great (If we believe all he may choose to state); And very shortly, if we do not mind, He'll leave creation struggling far behind. Since Sunday last, when first I saw her face, My heart has sighed innunmerable sighs; And all day long I try in vain to chase Beyond my sight the vision of her eyes, I really can't forget her pretty looks, And make mistakes in reckoning up 1y boo Foundataois Words. 4.-No marble memento speaks high of his glory, No wreath crowns the brow that is cold andl Oh, Britons, why mute when the soul.stirring Is told of the hero whose life's blood is shed? Oh, think of his grave on the battlefield gory, With the sands of the desert closed over hist Cross Words. Sharp teeth have I, and -do not stare- I fasten on to ladies' hair. Curtailed, a punishment for crimes, Less barbarous than ancient times. Beware and walk not in its wake, But shun it as you would a snake. A criticism this will mean, On something said, or' done, or seen. To geography this light relates- A 'city in the Western States. A phenomena that makes the sea Dash on the rocks so wrathfully. A flower and a lady's name; I passionately love the same. T. CARPiIPT., EE ACROSTIC. (A word,or Words, formed of the initial letters of other Foundation Word. 5.--Where'Celt and Dane once met in dea - '(Two stubborn foes), And where the former bravely won the d My primal shows. Consult an Irish history If you'd unfold the mystery. C'ross Words. He was no first, for on that fatal day He fought and fell, the foremost in the fray The second's manned, despite of wind andraia, And willing hands row out upon the main. In third is shown A precious stone. If you should call a silly fellow this name,n Would it be right P Or would you him Av bw'rage from a certain leaf which made is, A fav'rite drink I've heard 'tis with ths ladies Upon the stage we nightly'see this player. My seesenth shows a wand'rer or a stray . Ah, yes, a goodly run of thlese eae' Poor cabby's heart ne'erfails to, , ;CONUNDUIm-. 6.-Dear friends, I'aqk a questios, -i nfl all munst to answer hy'ii80 y ii: tife African. JUlfit t1ak ne600anlc~r o A, DXs, e
TRANSPOSITIONS. rpose the letters in a word to form another wordJ L ,Sch a charming little torment I SSuoh a darling naughty boy I He's at once to his dear mamma A first of woe and joy. We call him little Charlie, But he has morenames besides ; ie is sometimes ' Imp," and" Monkey," When his papa's hat be hides. And now he loves "Dee auntie," And his auntie loves him too; Although he takes her inkstnd' And makes a fine." to-do." Of next, be is a " cherub," A" knowing child," and "rare;" There never was such blue eyes, There ever was such hair I 'Tis sweet to hear his prattling, Iy baby-love intoned; ITis sweet when treacley kisses Touch lips by auntie owned. 'Tie sweet, when after jam for tea, His auntie gets a hug; 'Tis grand to be his " dee gee-gee" Upon the parlour rug. There is a time when auntie loves 'er darling best of all: 'Tis when the sandman comes, and lets Sand on his eyelids fall, EDITH K". Resa eL. nnight, as I o'er Y. F. P. was bent, ' Sas eI jrst it through with great delight, c-d to eye the " Riddle Tournament;" I confess this was a pleasing sight, therein the names of riddlers bold, ofortheir faultless rhymes, have gainedmuchfame; 've desired to join this " riddling fold " nuw,zt Ed., do not reject my name., CaEAcTaos, Toughal. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. - tterso a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ) Francis the Bold was a terrible knight, And a very bold knight was he; be children before him would fly with affright, While he giggled with fiendish glee. ewould draw his blade like a warrior brave, With a flourish he'd wave it high, en shout, as he severed a tottering slave. "Vile caitiff and traitor, die 1" favourite sport, when he felt at all dull, Or as often as came the chance, astd give an old granny a "one" on the skull, And perforate babes with his lance. e began to get tired of these games at last, Said he, "I will try a new plan ;" . hd e winked the left eye (that's the onewith acast), "I will fight with a grown.up man. he mounted his horse at the castle gatoe-" At the groom aimed a mortal blow d he rode away with his bosom elate, As he warbled, " I fear no foe." us he travelled away to a far-off lu nd As yet he had slain not a foe; ough it's true he had killed a few tos 'off-hand, And slaughtered a schoolboy or so; ' o was startled one morn by a trumpet blast, And a hard, stern voice crying " Hold !" d Sir Francis, with cheeks that were paling fast, Felt the blood in his toes run cold.- put o"n a rOiy swaggers '. samed an expression of devil-may-care, i played with his rusty dagger.-': d Francis the Bold, after clearing his throat, "You'd better, young fellow, beware; ur dagger and lance I don't value a groat." he answer was merely, " Prepare I" ell, feinits a minute," said Francis, "and, pray, et' strop my sword on your saddle." e stranger dismounted. With ne'er a ' good day," id Francis the Bold skedaddlo. 4 when he was safely and snugly at home, care from all hurt and alarm, he ' elared that never again would he roam, at join the Salvation Army I F. PARKER, Herne Hill, CENTRAL DELETION. opleter from the ceetre of aword to form another.) ternally may blessings crown thy life, efended from all sorrow; care, and strife; a peace be all thy years contented spent, o works of love be all thy leisure lent. end thou our " Tourney," happy one, and lead nights onward, braving ev'ry noble deed; eign queen with kindly Marion, and remove . D-EOAPITATINS. P-a, o. tbcp the first letter of a word, leaving as othsr word,) , 1U-Dark is the night, ndcold tl ind That rushes down the street ' Few are the lamps,'and few and far The passers.by 'Inidet. Homeward from a festive gath'ring Alone Ifirst my way, Old tunes hunmingor singing soft I pause within a narrow street, And, startled, glance around; It seems that others, too, are singing eodies i sweet in sound." But, oh, how dif'rent are the strains .That greet my liatening eai1 ,.Oeop. drowsy voices' singingloud Some wine.ong o'er theirbeer Come from a window brighti .lin' Oelt, what a charming spot Ig While clear and mdre melodfous far, A voice sings, " Peas all hot " VIVaEn Gntr, Middlesborough. 'A little creature, small and frail, . MAnd very fond of cheese, av erithble nibbler whom SYou'i know with greatest ease . ecapitate this tiny thingin g" And the name o a river seize. 13,- T. D. IREa. aCoe a kind of ingst lyment, Behela me, if Your please. Which many play with dase. S OGOGB~ -: -tG. Rosetrs.a -hic 'al ho o sGO aIPH.l, - ,aEe tr . assmetagrniY deopitaleloro e. a-l"sl0 po l) toleey perfet word slir eaoh i 1,Iam.common animal . Anehead mae and transi~ose, . nd avery wei-known floWer DaI.csdar.
PRECE.OMEGRAM. (OChange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 15.-When ieioles bang from the eaves-- The weapons old 'Winter displays- And myriads of skeleton leaves Have covered the coppice's ways, Then bright 'mid the lowering gloom Burns the fire in my own little room. The firt draws on every.pane . A sketch of some landscape afar ; And when the chill day 'gins to wane, Bright twinkles the evening star. Its rising with joy I b'ehldd. Though its shining is froty and cold. My heart is as chill as the eve, For the ice of a love-dream is there; And Mem'ry (cruel jade I) starts to weave The ghost.of the Past. In despair, I start up, resolved not.to think, And knock over my bottle of ink I It runs down the nezt of my desk, And traces upon the green baize A figure, extremely grotesque, Which filleth my mind with amaze. Oh, ink I increased sorrow I sup, And at present I'm mopping it up. [T.B.--The ink D. Gow Atn J. P. ReIsiTeror. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 16.-We may not of Jones, the sad man, hear again, Or even of Patrick Magee, So I'll introduce my man, old Andrew M'Bain, A rugged old Highlander he. He lives on a most economical scale, FoP few of his purchases ever entail The disbursement'of cash; he possesses the triok Of obtaining near all his requirements on tick. Old Geordie M'Clnrk, at the general shop Of the village, had first nearly hoarse With shouting at Andy, when passing, to stop And discharge his account, but, of course, M'Bain could not hear at such times ; in profound Meditation he seemed, and would gaze at the ground Or the house opposite, till, quite desperate grown, M'Clurk formed a plan for obtaining his own. Next time that M'Bain passed the general shop, Deep in thought, as of course he would be, Strange to say; from within came no shouting to stop- Other plans had old Geordie M'C.; For, seizing his hat, he came out like a shot, And M'Bain, at that moment rememb'ring he'd got An important engagement, set off at a run But M'Clurk followed suit-he was not to be done. "Pay mybilll" roared M'Clurk ; but M' Bain answered not, Running onward with lengthening stride, 'Till in sight of his own domicile he had got. Where a grey mare was grazing outside; Andrew leaped on its back, seizing hold of its mane, An appendage that served him in lieu of a rein, Stuck his heels in its sides and thus started his steed; But M'Glurk, nothing daunted, redoubled his speed. Now, although no bad horseman, M'Bain chanced to fail To rouse to a gallop.his horse; And M'Clurk, catching up, caught tight hold of his tail -By way of retarding its course. Alas for M'Clurk I though the gray mare was slow In running, 'twas rapid in kicking, and so, Ere three seconds had passed, Geordie lay like one dead, While M'Bain stood upright ina bush on his head I When Geordie M'Clurk had recovered, and found That he was alone, both M'Bain And the ma'. hvn..o"-,h"-.e -R. o-a .Ch Ja.L uuu ani umpeb nomeiouu.y nezt-ing with pain. And onithe next:morning, with direfrl intent, And a cudgel, tEW-"Baihi's apartments he went, But learned fromn'the'inmates-worse off than him still- That M'Bain ii-d.d camped without paying his bill I D. Gow. ENIGMA. 17.-Wherever you've been you'iave metnie I ween, Whether Italy, Russia, or Spain; Or each petty state.of Germany great, Wurtemberg, dr Alsace-Lorrain e. And away in thbladriws liert the wild savage stands, With-revenge in his fierce, glist'ning eye, As he'loks onrmyy fac' ind thinks of the place Where an enemr.liiited may lie. And where so6i4l eiiends meet in intercourse sweet, And the table:all whitely doth gleam, And dishes paHs round with a clattering sound, There Isihine like a silver moonbeam. Sometimes cased in white I'm a small dainty sight, : For Ivary in value and size; ýAind-the heart of the boy beats quickly with joy W -hen me he receives for a prize. In the huntsman's broad'lelt forea time I havedwelt, And woe to-thefoi~or the deer . By houndis brought to bay, f lifeasses away - Neath the touch of my edg}e i.ar -andvclear. Yet -TIyeloOSened it) bandt undthe sad captive's S*: Ana. strange tbdugh it seemneth to thee, Though oft I may kill, yet used with great skill, Life still mn d;e, avddlsy me. .TAR R T E .:,.-M mzore B.BozeZeo r,,. `Nýh'i2xlYE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative,) 18.,-Just as a blossom, wondrous fair, - - Delicious, sweet, and pure, May in its summer blasted be By chills it can't endure, So may Perfection's graceful maid, Whose bosom love enshrines, Be blasted by a faithless swain Whiose:eye his:heart inclines. Yet as the nightshade's rich-like fruit Doth deadly jtiice contain, So may a lovely maiden's heart Possess an evil strain. And as the fruit may tempt the sight Of the untutored till They taste it, so the maid may tempt The lover faithful still.. Thus beauty to a faithful-heart Is not a sure protection, While it will hide the tainted core With semblance of perfection. T. Nixon, Dudley Colliery.