RIDDLE TOURNAME CHARADI)E. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is alp
1.-'Tis from my first the gale must blow To waft the traveller to his hmn Released at last from icy thrall, And free through Arctic seas to ro My second on the artist's brush Helps to depict the wintry scene. Or, softly tinging autumn's leaves,' Subdues the summer's livelier green And when, long tried by storms ad ca And longings for the distant shore The voyageur perceives my third, He feels that now his tolls are o'er. Now, " Merrie England's" map unr- And near the top you'll find my wcho', E. Jo NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT'. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word in the narrative.) S.-I really think 'tis very true That people seldom are content. I thought 'twould make me glad to see My name within the " Touruameat, And so it did, but not for long- I soon found out I wanted more; To tell the truth, I am not now :o happy as I was before. I wander all about the house And sigh for what I cannot get; My mouth has gained a plaintive ctrre My eyes with tears are often wrt. I try to play the " See-Saw" waltz - But, oh, it has no charm for me; The " Bitter hweet " I like the best, 'Tis more appropriate, you see. With books I am disgusted quite; My crewel work is tossed away; I cannot join the little ones When they are happy at their play., Papa says he will take us all To see the pantomime to-night; I care not for such childish ,hows.; Last year I went with great delight, And shall I tell you why I sigh, And why my heart is filled with pain And what would cause my woe to ceass And make me happy once again ? One longing must be gratified Ere I regain my old content; Hush I whisper I Just for ouee I want To lead the "Riddle Tournament." METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to on :turle r 3.-" Eustace, come back to me l" iHe heard her For he was wrapped in thpught, and could no Then suddenly he hastened froun the spot, With one last glance from eyes which .howved She thought him heartless, first; but she forgo That men of iron do not weep, but bear. So all was over-former ties were naught: Each the poor captive of an unjuct thought! Rumour-false-tongued-had next him that whi Wasin the far East, fighting for the Cross, She smiled upon his brother's suit, anil she Looked o'n his own great love as wurt;leos d If she indifferent to him could be, Sure, then, to lose her were but trivial losa, So argued he ; and they, on either side, Did Rumour's work-submerging love in pride And he was gone; and all her pure yountg life Was withered in its bloom. b he op'ning flo Of love was torn from its green stem, and rife Was anger in her heart in that dark hour That saw him go from her; and in the strife She could but like a frightened birdling cav' And hide herself from mortal gaze away, And while she blamed him, for his safety pray! The soul of day is throbbing in the west, Ere it departs the body of the skies, And casts its glories (like eyes of the blest) Over a blood-sprent battle-plain, where lies Form of full many a warrior whose crest Towered where the fight was thickest, but wh Will never open on another day, For death will third them ere morn's earliest ra Whose step is that among the dead ord d.ying- Light as Aurora's on the heels of Night ? Is it a spirit from the heavens down-.fl ibu, To dawn upon the stricken's aching sight? Hither and thither, with a spring.drasght hiein She ministers to each afflicted wight; But her eye wanders each way while she goes Among the prone, as seeking one she knows. A shriek I Ah, see I The woman now is kneeli Beside a giant form in this drear place. "Eustaoe !" she cries. He, at the sound, nns His eyelids, his dull eyes turns to her face. "Agatha I" he responds; and the old feeling Revives in him. She weeps in his embrace, Back to them come the days when vows were P And those pride severed, pain has reunited. JEh'E;AE 4.-Upon the margin of the beach she stands, To watch a ship sail from the harbour bar; Pallid with'grief, but steadfast as a star Her eyes shine forth, while with her trembling She waves farewell to him, whom foreign lands Have called away from her, his promised brid " O God I" she sighed, " let no ill fate betide My first young lover whilst in distant strands." Once more she stands upon the pebbly shore, No longer next, but blooming like a rose; What though the third may blow, and oceans ro In you good ship is he who'll cheel her woS. She sees him now, as on the deck he stands; He doffs his hat, and waves it in his hands E. i. 5.-The winds are wailing drearily drearily, Through chinks and crannies, like one in pain Rising and falling, eerily, eerily, Sinking and dying, to rise again. Sobbing and moaning aloud in their anguish, Swelling first into a wailing cry; Tossing the branches that droopingly languish, Sinking away in a mournful sigh. Then softly and last on her beauties dwelling- On Summer's beauties that now have fled; Anon a cry of despair into swelling-- " Summer is dead I the Summer is dead!" The trees in agony upward are swaying, And waving their arms high overhead; But still the wind sweeping through them keeps " Summer is dead I the Summer is dead ! TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another w0 6.-If you transpose a quadruped,. You'll have a piece of meat istea. A. DYrEs, gouthie 7.-Mamma said, ' FirJt, I'll make a froc For littleLucy Bell; And with your last I'll ts my best To make it fit her well. Gr - 9~1 Ass~
DECAPITATIONS. pthe first letter of a word, leaving another word.) _e upon a time, in a very far-off clime, the summer sun was shining, brightly shining all When the warblers' happy singing Through the woods and dells was ringing, e streamlet softly murmured as it rippled on its way, eos the flowers that blossomed in that far-off clime, t a merry, winsome maiden-once upon a time. oupon a time, 'mid the winter's frost and rime, t village in the mountains came a stranger, young iand gay; While a ray of untold glory Shone around the old, old story, Maiden, true and tender, gave her simple heart away; the stranger, all beguiling, 'mid the winter's rime, ered low of love eternal, once upon a time. o upon a time, let me tell in nursery rhyme, the winter days were final, how the maiden drooped and sighed For the primal who had left her, Till her courage all bereft her, g, waiting, oh, so weary, till they thought she would have died. ged completely into darkness were the dreams sublime, ugh that cruel, faithless wooer, once upon a time. ee upon a time rang the bells a merry chime: 's a wedding in the village, and the maiden is a bride. In her eyes the love is beaming, And the golden sun is gleaming kindly glance upon her and the stranger at her side, Sbhad always loved her truly. So I'll end my rhyme, they lived together happy, once upon a time. OPPY. sooth, I am almost ashamed to be seen inwhere I once used to cut such a caper I y of late I have steadily been juting my post in this part of the paper I crI managed to creep in the house ere stood the Red Lion prepared to repel me, it imagine; for I'm not a mouse, ugh I'm as quiet, my relatives tell me. ees were so weak that they shook my whole frame, ling away like a pair of old clappers I for my arms, they were so much the same, tones, I declare, I mistook them for flappers I ow I appeared at the Editor's door goe by far than the yarn of a skipper ! itht I know is (and wouldn't know more), ne of my eyes caught a voyaging slipper! eeyou? Of cpurse, Mr. Editor, yes I you had cause to be angry with me, sir, ng from here such a lengthy recess, Itefor the page over leaf, and-a fee, sirl d to your readers, allow me to state, amissmg am I from the riddle assortment, pour they'd place on my humble young pate, oking for me in the " other department." F. WALIs. Isli our " Tourney" warriors, and the fruit Of emulation in a brother knight, ho grafts exotic boughs on poetry's root, sing, luse, who on Parnassus' envied height spired sweet Taylor and our lofty Gow; Illuminate my mind, till Muse's lore owe smooth, and leaves me with unwrinkled brow. io middle height does this intend to soar ve the printing mark, while it pursues iugs oft attempted, both in prose and rhyme. tirn, my thoughts, from thy Miltonic cruise I snw'st thou not that plagiarism is a crime might firh t all thy readers from the field here thy projected con. would them invite P , then, the riddler's lawful arms to wield, ike every true and honourable knight; sprudent care, all others' thoughts disperse, gulde these lame iambics through this verse. F. SMITH, Birmingham. CENTRAL DELETION. Oaletter from the centre of a word to form another.) e-She was like thoughtless birds that sing, A butterfly upon the wing, This maiden fair with golden hair, Who had her way in everything. And yet her tears of grief and pain And she would sigh, and she would fret, If she but failed in etiquette. Alas I she was not true in love, Like the proverbial turtle-dove; "Coquette " in name, she earned her fame, Nor tried the opposite to prove. But should one spread the grave report That she had gloves first buttons short, Her blush of shame would show regret That she had failed in etiquette. She married one who gave her gold, And was content, so I am told; And as to heart, why, from the start She had none, so she was not sold. More than the husband of her choice To her was " Mrs. Grundy's" voice; And more than any household pet, The genteel forms of etiquette. She overlooked her children's faults, Their frequent lapses and their halts; hbe even kissed away their tears, and sometimes called them " little dears." She quite forgave their small untruths, And said 'twas common next such youths; Yet took good care that each sweet set Should be well up in etiquette. And thus she lived an aimless life As maid, as mother, and as wife; - d brought her children up to care ore for appearances than prayer. And when she died, my friends, with me In this one thing you will agree : That hs. Grundy and her set Manhaged the "rites " with etiquette. J. A. BALL, Burtonwood. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- Pressed in the narratlve.) T ogether, Tom, the world we'll face; C ms, stand by me in your old place; Shearty grip, a loving grasp, __ etOurning friendship's golden clasp. Sarted we've been; since last we met ' er have I thought, with sad regret, roew friends, new faces, soon will tend r blot frou. mouory his old friend." rrng I've been, I now can see. terurn, oh, Tom, return to me J. C. COLLIE, LOGOGRIPH. Shhth maybe treated as ameta ram, dcapitation ele. rt:aspositlone hut leaves a perfect word atter each rn ir's a fruit of which I'm very fond; itial letter change, and then behold A ; ualowu friends-observe oh, my!l SJerastatino croature twillunfold. A done yett; if you will turn it round, icky substance then I'm sure is found. E. Foussro.
NAREATIVEI METAGRAM. (The first letter of a wort is ohan ed, to form another word in the narrative) 14.-Jemima Jane Amelia Bain Is charming-yes, and beautiful; And persons say who ought to know That she is good and dutiful. She's clever, too, as not a few Have learned quite incidentally; But, sad to say, she's music mad- In fact, afflicted mentally. Upon the flute she'll tootle-toot, Make screech the wild harmonium a Ping-ping the banjo, twang the harp, And blow the loud euphonium. She'll crack the bones, play tunes on stones, Rush round with a cornopean; And on the drum a tow-row-row Perform with force cyclopean. The tambourine she'll bang, and e'en Attempt the " concert-screamer," too t Do "violin-t " exercise, and " bow " Each lank, mesthetio dreamer to. PuLo,. PRECE.OMEGRAMS. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 15.-He sang, and he danced, and he yelled with delight, Then flew round the room in a whirligig flight; He cried, then he groaned ; but he groaned, sirs, with joy, So full, oh, so full, was the heart of this boy I He screamed out with pleasure In limitless measure; Glanced first at the paper, Then out a new caper- His first heart was charmed with the exquisite bliss. And, readers, the cause of his rapture was this: "Your puzzles received, And ere long we shall sing Of you, 'tis believed, As our ' Tournament' king." He screamed, and he danced, and he raved once again, But now 'twas with passionate anger and pain; He cried, then he groaned, but this time in real truth, So loaded with grief was the heart of this youth. He roared-not with pleasure- In limitless measure, Consumed the vile paper Within, his pale taper, So roused was his nezt with his exquisite rage. And now, sirs, to tell you the cause I'l1 engage. A fresh note he'd seen (Now, wasn't it mean P) To say that the answer last week had been printed Just under his name in mistake; That W. P. B. having lately been stinted Of cons., his was cast in the lake. CLAUDIAN. 16.-They took the web-like threads of silk, And deftly wound them on my first. The wild storms last the yellow corn, When they with awful fury burst. AooNISTES. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 17.-Merry, and witty, and cheery are they, And many a pleasing instruction convey; I love to enjoy them by warm fireside, And think of our " Tourney " with joy and with pride. Now the knights and the ladies advance with a will, The contest commences of puzzling skill. Cross Words. May I have a first, dear Ed., to-day ? A h, let me stay a little while, I pray. R eceive a riddler third; with fourth she'll work, I n " Tournament" to shine, nor ever shirk O ur happy throng to join. I bring some lines; N ow may they prove my second. Who inclines T o walk into the woods in autumn morn, A mantle fifth will find the trees adorn; Y ellow and orange, red and golden-brown L eaves greet the eye; to dwellers in a town O h, how delightful is the change of scene ! R ight sixth I'l) try to puzzle, and I mean A Iso to win your praises. Have you been 'M id downs of last? The air is fresh and clear, Y on know the county P Very much I fear B eyond the limits of the space I'm going; O uly a few more words and I retire. E ach doughty knight his prowess will be showing H ere in the lists-onlookers will admire. M ay we all meet again with jest and song, E xciting trials of merit to prolong I R eceive my friendly greeting, riddling throng. LoxnTIE W, DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 18.-How many times myfirst to last I've sent I 'Twas but to find My last return them with a note: " They are with thanks declined." Cross Words. In cities great, alas I! this does abound; And in the country, also, it is found. Abused by many, by all respected, How many a con. has he rejected 1 To tourists 'tis a ne'er-forgotten sight To see a sunrise from this famous height. A form of verse that in Young Folks was rare Until discussed by our Ed. from the " Chair." A famous shield competed for each year By Volunteers who come from far and near. Used by the Arabs in the recent strife, It ended many a brave soldier's life. C. O'CONNOR. Foundation Words. 19.-I'm sure our champion must be final, For Y. F. P. has no such other prinal. Cross Words. In first a kind of food is shown, Which to you all is surely known. Second yourselves, I have no doubt The answer you will soon find out. A youth in one of Shakespeare's plays Widl now most surely meet your gaze. You'll find my last at break of day, By the warm sunbeams chased away. C. P. BASELEY, Cornhill.