RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, BETAGRAM,. (Change the aecond letter of a word to form another worM.
1.-Have you seen David Gow, my particular crony p I cannot discover his picturesque form And I'm greatly afraid a maid, aged and bony, Has taken the heart of the poet by storm. Miss Priscilla Pineapples, this ev'ning, I saw her Make " sheep's eyes," at the tea fight, at Davie,ald h As sure as I'mn first he's cut out for a lawyer, -_ Lost his heart, as she passed him his fifth cup of tea,. If a day, she is forty-a gaunt, lanky person, All knobs and projections-no figure at all; And Davie, beside her, would pass well as her son: She's so old, he's so young-she's so large, he's so snl Come back to me, Davie-come back to your Johnuie. Bid the charming Priscilla " adieu," and come on To this spot; let me look on your face grave, bat boni And lend your assistance to finish this con. A' richt, Johnnie H., ye'd mak' fun o' me, wad ye p But jest as ye may, John, I shall no be next, Though I'd like ta remark that I think ye a dodger- A. rambler wha never will "stick to his text." An' so ye believe I'm in love wi' Priscilla- " Not much," as ye Londoners vulgarly say ; I thought sae indeed, but I went tae her villa, And saw her pug dog an' her cats, and said "Nay." She is neither sae hideous nor old as ye'd mak' her; But were she the loveliest lass ane could find, Ye ken verra weel, John, that I wadna tak' her, Because, ye see, laddie, she's no to my mind. I ken she's weel off, for her third was a miller, And left a guid store o' his wealth to Miss P.. But love brings mair joy an' lasts longer than slller: I will love when I wed, or nae marriage for nme. J. P. Hleaumeroz AnD D. Gow, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word I the narrative.) 2.-I have a friend whose every word Is prefaced by a " Bah I" Another who is seldom heard To speak without a "Bah l" A third who rarely speaks at all, Is always heard to " Hum I" But one there is, whose voice, so small, Says nothing else but " Maum 1" The state of trade and Parliament, Rumours of war and peace, Concern my friends to such extent, Their "talk" will never cease. I wanted on a " point" one word, Number one the medium, And strangely was my bosom stirred- He answered me with " Mum I" Now, I'm a very modest youth, And last year was leap year, And had a note from one, forsooth, Who is to me most dear. One little word she wanted me To say, but I was dumb; I asked him what that word should be, And he, of course, said "Mum!" I showed my friends the riddle page- I had one "in" that week; They sat like models for an age. And slowly thus did " speak :" The first one gave a pleasant " Hah I" The next did lively " Hum I" The third gave out a crushing " Bahi!" Fourth slowly mumbled "Mum !" T. CaRPEsTER. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 3.-The " Swan of Avon," in immortal verse, Has left, in language truthful, pure and terse, His testimony wise that " all the world A primal is: men are but actors, hurled Upon it," there to pass a short, brief life Ot joy and ease, or painful, sinful strife; For man has found, as o'er life's first he strays, Fair last which open stand. To what dark ways, Alas ! trav'ller, the greater number lead I To thorns, despair-to shattered hopes indeed. But, Youth, arise! Your scenes, acts, plays, are new Shun last which lead astray. Be men, te true I And though your present gains are small and few, Kind Heaven your toil with success shall endue. AGONISTEs. 4.-Where grows the willow with its graceful curve- Perchance to serve The invalid and weary with that rest So often blest By tired humanity, when, from ceaseless toil, Their hearts have sought its health.reviving soil; First 'neath next shade, where flows the silver stream I love to dream; And, dreaming, seem to gaze beyond the sphere Of atmosphere And see far o'er the world encircled light A paradise of glory, wondrous bright. A land where sorrow seemeth not to dwell, Nor death to swell, With grim despair, its terrors far around; Where joys abound Unnumbered, and where hope-that blessing rare- Is gratified without the anxious prayer. Would that I, dreaming thus, could but portray One single ray Of brightness from that dreamland reverie 1 In ecstasy I'd rest for aye in peaceful, calm content, And count my hours of dreaming not i:l speto. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word Is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative2 5.-Oh, how pleasant 'twas to be In the tairyland of childhood, Where we wandered, fair and free,_idwood I Through each sylvan glade and wi All we saw was real then All we heard was then believed; Never did we think that men Were by other men deceived. Then we never had a doubt (Oh, what monstrous lies were these I) That the babies were dug out From the roots of apple trees. Those dark cireles in the fields, Meade, we thought, by fairy elves, Now no further wonder yields- We were fairies then ourselves. ScruB-s ENIGMA. 6,-Free and untrammelled'by the cares of man, R~elineth Ibefore the blazing fre; Ie'o sense have I, an therefore can't admire. I utilize mylegs in many ways, And by their aid acoomplish many thbiueg; For by their power I cayuse the fre to blaze, Thus omfort~ing:both peasantry and king$.
(The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) .re beau recently peruSing in a magazine of sense Ssubtle.souled conundrums which demand, in lan. gaogo dense, e", Wyness of the Wherefore," and-the " Thisness of the Thence." / And to answer these first queries I'l endeavour, by a coursepure and simple logio which establishes with On whathesis a horse-chestnut differs from a chestnut horse. Now, you'llere observe that " wherefore " is equivalent And therefore to the "wherefore" I must make this plain reply: IPat the "whyness" a clear sign is that the "where. fore's" all " my eyeI" perhaps you'll next it, doubtful, but peruse it once or twice, And it then becomes transparent to your reason in a Strice, As why mice are not called "mouses" and why houses , are not "hice." The second problem, I admit, is deeper to discuss, A The "Thisness of the Thence," because it's obvious to us That this" cannot be " thence," and, therefore, whyfore is this thus ? Such logic as I demonstrate you'll see is purely plain, And upsets the mystic muddles of the querist's puzzled brain, And conclusively points out that he's undoubtedly in. sane I F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. .-He smiled in deep contempt whene'er he read The puzzles in our " Tournament," and said, "Dear me I I would not stoop to write among Such donkeys as compose that riddling throng; Why, I should reach the topmost place each week, And then should have to bear each jealous squeak The present riddlers chose to launch at one Who deigned to show what really could be done In writing riddles." Thus he vainly spoke, Till some one (fond, we'll tell you, of a joke) Persuaded him to first the Ed. a lay "In order just to frighten them," he'd say. At last the boaster sat him down, and soon He'd written all about the "pallid moon," .The " shining stars," and wonders of that sort, And next the poem to our famous court. About a fortnight later, he perceived A note for him to say the Ed. was grieved To see that youths were sometimes so absurd That utter nonsense marked their every word. Our hero turned as pale as any sheet, Drank half a dozen quarts of water, neat; Took up his hat, and in the river found Hislastrepose. The verdict was " Found Drowned," WEBB AND HODGES. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative. 9,-'Tis but a rusty blade my grandsire wore- A soldier's bayonet and nothing more. But, ah I what memories it calls to mind Of one at once so stern and yet so kind I That upright form, that firm and steady tread- Though three.score years had travelled o'er his head- I seem to have but now before my eyes, Although, alas I with kindred dust he lies. No carpet.kuight was he, for in his day He fought and bled for England in the fray. When great Napoleon ravaged Spain's fair land, He formed a member of that gallant band Who, by brave Wellington and Picton led, 'Gainst France's legions bravely dashed ahead, Though Soult's grim grenadiers stood firm and well, And with their faces to their foemen, fell. At Badajoz, where hissing lead like rain Swept through their ranks again and yet again, And piled with bloody heaps the plain around, And soaked with British blood the thirsty ground, He bra.vely with his comrades onward bore, Amid the clash of steel and cannon's roar, And lived to see the tyrant bound and fast, And ended all at home in peace at last. E. BaLAn, Liverpool. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanin. but the same in sound.) 10,--All hail to first, Young Folks, as swiftly thou wingest Each week o'er next Channel, to Ireland and me; Such pages of wisdom and wit as thou bringest, With stories of warfare and tales of the sea ; With kind words of praise on each merit bestowing, Thou scatterest knowledge and light in thy train, The seed of encouragement carefully sowing To aid the deft weaving of each youthful brain. Success to first, Young Folks-long may you bring gladness To hearts in old England, and Ireland as well; hay your pages e'er help us to banish our sadness, And twine round each heartstring hope's happiest spell. DEHANCHGS. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the tlrse letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Sing, ye brilliant bards, oh, sing, And make the " Tourney" loudly ring With many a pleasing strain; The chain of song is not complete- Sing, sing, ye bards-sing full and sweet, Then joyfully sing again. Shout, shout for joy, ye riddlers bold, For surely, truly, -you behold. The prosperous riddling files Once more are healthy, fat, and plump; Fcr joy (a fact) I almost jump, And my face it beams with smiles. Kind Ed. no more will have to plead, And state of cons. he is in need, With sad face and.great surprise, As he did in January, Eighteen hundred and eighty-three; The news drew tears to mine eyes. The " Tourney" now is bright and gay, Its members true join in the fray, With spirit bold and ardent; Ofpraise each riddler wins a share For deeds well done, well done with care, . Which gives delight, enchantment. Rejoice, ye bards, sing songs of joy- All thoughts of woe banish,idestroy; Sing many a pleasing stirain. Singing is a gloiious thing: Sing, ye brilliant bards, oh ing, Then joyfully sing again.
W. A.TE ., Birmingham. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which) maybe treated as a metayram, decapitation, dle- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each. Operation.) 12.-Ah insect sirs% fixd if you can, .iWellknown to you and me; Behead me now, a name for man You cannot help'but see. Tranispose thisname; if brought to mind, . An insect small am I; Change head, transpoee, then you may find S ...ni ..Aier As. r Gylt t.t - . a sNlws 8ssITnn G}2paCa'.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which in a word.) 13.-" To Young Folks I've sent many a first," Cried little Sibyl Grey; "And yet I always fail to get A place 'mong riddlers gay." Don't next me, Dolly, to go out, Although the day is fine; t And, Katie, do not make a noise- 0 I cannot write a line. I must succeed, or I shall earn The whole of Marion T., And those brave knights and ladies fair Whose names each week I see." QUEENIE. 14.-One winter's night, as round the fire a happy party sat, c And in their midst a "tough old salt," engaged in pleasant chat, The children all at once arose. " Tell us a tale," they cried. " In riddling guise it shall be told," the sailor then re. plied. " Ah, that's the style," the youngsters said; "now go along, old man, Q And when you've done and told us all, we'll guess it if we can." "All right," quoth he; "then sit quite still, and your ° attention lend." As soon as silence was restored, commenced our sailor friend : "Slight was the breeze that bore our ship away from England's shore, And placid were the ' vassal waves'that rolled beneath her prore' No thought of fear or peril nigh disturbed the seaman's breast: Above, below-earth, sea, and sky-all seemed to be at rest. But vain our hopes, for soon,alas I my mighty frst arose ; The billows that so calm had slept awakened from repose, The thunder pealed, a leaden gloom o'erspread the livid sky : The stormy petrel on the wing then passed us swiftly by. And then above the storm-king's roar was heard a piercing shout; I rushed on derk just at the time the ship was turned about, And found my next was overboard. I plunged beneath the wave, And with a comrade's aid thus saved her from a watery grave. Dismasted now, we helpless drove-the storm was at its height; We lashed ourselves unto my whole, and thus we passed the night. How anxiously we looked for dawn I The storm did then abate- A friendly ship then rescued us from our cold, abject state. I've little more to tell, young friends, about my early life, Unless this second, 'tis to say, has now become my wife. J. TRIMBEY. 15.-What's that you say ? You thought we'd severed Our connection with the " T.," As, for weeks past, you'd endeavoured On this page our names to see ? Like the sun that hides his features At th' approach of evening's hour, But to gladden all earth's creatures With a more than doubled power When he wakens from his slumbers, So shall our most rhythmic text Take the lead in future numbers- If Ed. accepts the firsts we've next, For by mutual whole, dear readers, We've determined to progress Till we beat the smartest leaders That the " Tourney" does possess. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. ARITHMOREM. (An acrosti. The letters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flrures.) Foundation Word. 16.-My country-to me, oh, so dear I No pen of mine can tell The love that's in my breast for thee: I wish you ever well. Cross Words. 51 and ayt A European country. 56 ,, ar A competitor here see. 1,050 ,, e A well.known tree. 550 ,, ao Burthen this doth be. 2,001 ,, asheno Warned, you'll agree. 1,051 ,, anno In name only. 601 ,, nnag Done at a spree. DRAGOON. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a wor. to form another wordJ 17.-In first you'll find a lion's lair, But sometimes it contains a bear; In next you soon will find a bird That's often kept within my third; In fourth you'll find a marshy place, In which you cannot walk apace; For filth a number bring to mind; In every land my last you'll find. J. T. SMITH, Birmingham. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms anothes,woia. 18.-A Last came to a rippling rill, Which past did gently first; Then for a moment he stood still, And quenched his burning thirst. T. Sroan. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 19.--My con. is a girl's name, Of letters but three; Read it forward or backward, The same you will see. S, D. FRANCIS.