RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION.
1.-Oh, the winds were blowing coldly, and the snow was falling fast, Yet there rode a horseman boldly, laughing loudly at the blast And his first was black as thunder, while his helm like lightning gleamed, Though his helm was cleft asunder, and his breast all gory seemed I Then, from out the forest speeding, came a maideu fair and young, And she shrieked to see him bleeding, for her heart was sorely stung. But he clasped the lovely maiden, to his saddle her to bind, And his steed, though doubly laden, sped on faster than the wind. Soon the second they were nearing, where the waves in anger roared, And the eagles, danger fearing, to the mountain summits soared; But he paused nor trembled never, though the maiden sadly sighed, As she murmured, " Naught shall sever Ilildebrand and his true bride." But, oh, when the land was lowly, and the sea was foam. ing near, Then he raised his visor slowly, and the maiden shrieked in fear; For no loving eyes were gleaming with their kind and gentle care, But two burning orbs were beaming, and a ghastly skull was there I While the maiden struggled, shrieking, in the skeleton's embrace, Sprang the steed, all wild and reeking, in the ocean's angry face, And the steed, the maid, and horseman sank beneath the foaming wave, Where young Hildebrand the Norseman found at last a hidden grave 1 H. C. PrucE, Southwark. DECAPITATIONS. 2.--First find some horrible shadowy spectre, Hov'ring at midnight, with groans, round the bed, Flash forth your sword like a latter-day Hector, And chop off its head 1 Then you perceive what a terrible error You have committed, defiantly proud I One ghoul at first tried to strike you with terror, But now-you've a crowd I F. W. BINBTEAD. 3.-" Love, I will be first to thee I" Quoth the peasant maiden, And her eyes beamed fervently, With soft love-lights laden. Ah, alack and well-a.day I What is there to wonder That affection will decay From hearts torn asunder P Then the rustic lover hied (Ah, the evil hour I) From his darling Lucy's side, From his fond heart's flower. Ah, alack and well-a.day ! He will next it sorely; Love will from her heart decay, All too soon-too surely I For, alas I a prince 'one day (Leofrio the valiant) Won her tender heart away . With his speeches gallant. She's, alack and well.a-day I Wed her richer wooer. He has stol'n her heart away From her love the truer ! HkRanaroN AvND M'DoNounI. REVERSION. "4.-Pirmt the wild sea shore there's a lonely grave, O'er which in a storm the billows bound, And oft, when it's calm, the wavelets lave That lonely mound. When the sable night drives the day away, And the stars look down from the lofty skies, The freshening breeze fans the ocean's spray, And around it sighs. Next stone stands there first that dreary shore, To tell who is lying in slumber deep Beneath that mound, where for evermore He in peace shall sleep. A. Sr. J. Aucoca. CHARADES. 5.-Fred had been reading "Ivanhoe"- Ho'd finished it at last. "Can I be like him ? Oh, no, no The age of chivalry's past. Not one in whole is there like him, For.Nellie told me so; And she is older far than me- I'm certain she must know. " If I begin to talk as be, It's-' Mind your first neste thees ! Don't speak so rudely, brother, dear. For my sake, do not, please.' " So Freddy sighs, lays down his book. " What sister says is law. I'm certain she must know; so I Cannot be Ivanhoe." T. P. DorcnoN. 6.-So staid and first was little next, That when I offered her a whole She looked so angry and so vexed It mortified my very soul. CnRrocor, Wolverhampton. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. 7.-Dear Young Folks, if you list to me, And read my lines attentively, A kind of riddle you will see- I think 'tis new. Narrative monophone 'twill be, When found by you. I blush to meet you riddlers bright, And tremble, too, to bring to light MIy fearful brain's poetic (P) flight, But wait and see If I may get a riddler's right From our E D. And, now, before I go away, Just two things more I wish to say: May Young Folks flourish day by day Deservedly; I'm its admirer true alway- D. . D. R. O'D. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 8.-Now, if to solve this you incline, You'll find your answer in 5, 9; But if you be not so inclined, In 6, 5, 9 your answer find; What you will see in 5, 3, 4, I do not think you could-have more; If 8, 5, 7's traced aright, A quadruped 'twill bring to sight; In 1, 6, 2, and 7 see An insect-very small 'twill be; My 7, 5, 3, 4 will show A word for lofty, don't you know; In 4, 5, 9 'twill not take long For you to bring to light a song. My whole names what a brave man shows, When with his love or near his foes. F. WALuIs, Swindon. ENIGGMA. 9.--Reader, say what can I be That does contain the boundless sea ? The sky above and all the land Are held within my mighty hand, And though my greatness knows no bound, Within the needle's eye I'm found. Althongh the world is far and wide, I close it in on every side. So try your wit, and then, no doubt, You'llsoon find my enigma out. I mrmsITo.
MONOPHONE. 10.-Aurora flung her crimson first Across the Arctic sky, And the bright stars grew pale before The splendours hung on high. A living curtain seemed to span The heavens, and the snow, That lay unspotted in the last Blushed 'neath the burning glow. Asa's. ENIGMA. 11.-I whistle and shriek, through keyholes I squeak, And I'm howling and growling sometimes for a week; I make such a noise you can't hear yourself speak, Cause windows to rattle and portals to creak. Round corners I dash, twist, twirl, and crash, And numerous chimney pots frequently smash. My frolic and fun never have any limit; I Upset and ruffle old men's equanimity, Spoil ancient ladies' attire of white dimity, Alarm dogs and cats, whisk off all your hats, Disarrange both your tempers and silken cravats; I put out your light and cause terrible fright By shaking your house at the dead of the night. I make your teeth chatter, and cause such a clatter That every one says, " Why, whatever's the matter?" I laugh at you all, be you proud aristocracy, Beggars, or barons, kings, queens. or democracy, Therefore you can't accuse me of hypocrisy. Over the sea to the homeward-bound ships By hops, jumps, and skips; I kiss the waves' tips (Or, for rhyme, call 'em lips), and I even eclipse The power of steam and the power of coal, As I shriek and scream, rushing on to my goal, Which none of you know, and, as centuries roll, Till Present is Past, and Time is Eternity, You never will know where I go, and so, If an Earthy gnome should ever discern it, he 'LI have his name handed adown to posterity, Which, of a verity, I, with asperity, Own he'll deserve. Now, with speed and celerity, I wish you good.bye-and, prithee, what am I ? F. ItR. Couaesoa, Bow. CENTRAL DELETION. 12.-" Well, really, I'm glad this lnalf.year's at an end 1" Cried Hal, as he leaped out of bed. " Soon home I'll be first, my vacation to spend. Come, wake up, there, Harry and Fred I" He snatched up two pillows, and, taking good aim, Threw them right at his schoolfellows' heads, And Harry and Fred, ever ready for game, Sprang, still half asleep, from their beds. Soon pillows and bolsters were flying about, And, of course, 'twasn't done without noise. The end of it was that, with laugh and with shout, They were joined by the rest of the boys. The sound of the next put an ncud to the fun, But the noise became greater, I fear; For, five minutes more, and the boys ev'ry one In their places down stairs must appear. Cowcoans&. METAGRAM. 13.-Dear first, I don't appreciate Your charming little act; I fear you do exaggerate, And are not too exact. Although the next is very fine, I doubt if we could go; And, mind, I third it, sister mine, Don't ask young So-and-so. But, then, if you are still inclined To next a visit to This friend of yours, I will be kind, And not say last to you. R. MoNrraooMax. TRANSPOSITION. 14.-Tim Murphy was a sturdy wight, And dwelt in famed Tralee; He owned a first of land-not much, But proud and glad was he. And in the next for wealth and fame Tim never took a part, Content with but an honest name, And eke an upright heart. So, toiling on from day to day, Without much last or pain, He nobly played his part in life, And his reward did gain. And when increasing years had bowed His erstwhile stalwart frame, He lived at peace with all mankind. Oh, may we do the same I R. GRAar. ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 15.-Come, readers all, and help me to endeavour To sing the praises of this lady's name, Whose cons., so good, ingenious, and clever, So soon has won for her illustrious fame. Cross Words. My first's a very useful small steel instrument; Before the night my next you'll surely view; My whole's athird-to that I'm sure you will assent. To read this con., my fourth you'll have to do; My lifth is lazy, unemployed, and indolent; My sixth myself-'tis also part of you. But, there, I'll end this last-my muse is spent; And, wishing all success, I'll say adieu. hIARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. DECAPITATIONS. 16.-Ah, little ragged boy, creeping late to school, I can see the tears start to your downcast eye! Have you dread of first ? My boy, you should remember Ne'er to leave the highway to chase the butterfly. Ah. little mousie sly, stealing from your home, Cheese it is a dainty thing, but you should take caret Think how all your ancestors cruelly were tortured, In that horrid second. Beware, I say, beware I J. ClraaLEs. 17.-Over the whole of the human race The first of all virtues I hold the place; Behead me once, in the Bible named, You'll find a woman for faithfulness famed. L. K. Sowno., Reading. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 18.-O centrals, in our " Tournament," Where best of cons. are seen, On winning laurels thou art bent, As none will doubt, I ween. Oh, may thou never leave our band, But true and firmly with us stand! Cross Words. For first a letter please write down, That is well known to you; An animal in next is shown; A riddler here now view; My next is used by riddlers nall; For last a letter take from small. Ms. L. RAw, Bradford. REVERSION. 12.-I ne'er indulge in dress at all fantastic; My first upon the subject i a ban; On fashion I am not entlhusiastic- In fact, I am a most sedate young man. I never walk where any gay young blade is. Sad is my next! I never sing or dance; I never, neversr talk to nice yonug ladies. And why? Because I never get the chance. MELAnCHOxL HiuRRy.