RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE.
1.-To some a friend, to some a bitter foe, For through it they, alas I have sadly perished, My first surrounds us all where'er we go, And monsters fierce are in its bosom cherished. King Richard earned a great and glorious name- The bravest of our kings he has been reckoned; But Richard would be quite unknown to fame, If Richard's sire had not possessed my second. Of totals in this world we've very few, For, at the most, there are but four of them, Though in some parts they've only three or two; But we have four, but never any more of them. G. Tnor. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 2.-Oft when my primals fills the breast, In finals it will stand confess'd. Cross Words. There's many a dirty little this, Whose namesake would not cause him bliss. May ne'er it be my luckless lot To tenant this ramshackle cot. In this a kind of grove you'll see, If you will add the letter"E. Where'er you are-east, south, or north- I hope you won't forget your fourth. When little Jack plays tricks on me, This word describes the rascal's glee. F. W. BINSTEAD. DECAPITATIONS. 8.-The Eastern sun o'er Moslem's towers Is sinking in the glowinfg west, Illumining battlements and bowers, Where warriors laugh and ladies jest. Fair Zulica, the daughter sweet Of Selim, lord of Jaffa's town, Is waiting anxiously to greet Her lover, lord of Carrick-Down, Who promised, ere the sun went down, To meet his love at Jaffa's town. First maiden, ye may wait in vain ! Your chieftain lies a bleeding corse, By Munstapha the Cruel slain; He lies crushed 'neath his charger's force. And Carrick's maidens rend the air With wails and lamentations loud; And Carrick's men vow in despair That death Chief 1Mustapha shall shroud. Oh, soon, fair maid, thy cries of grief Shall rend the next for Carrick's chief. AnGiPPA. 4.-I walk with solemn step along The silent marble halls, Where ancestors so brave and strong Are Pictured on the walls. And as I go, I sadly think How mankind rests upon the brink Of death, and watch the sun slow sink, As night around now falls. And as the shadows deepen slow. And rest upon the face Of noble first or lady, lo I Each face seems full of grace, I bow my head, and pass along; As birds, with quiet, good-next song, Just burst forth for a moment strong, I go with steady pace. I wander on, but now apace The midnight hour draws nigh, And I my footsteps slow retrace With solemn, mournful sigh. The morning sun again appears, And brushing quick away my tears, Dispelling all my dismal fears, I bid the hall good.bye. A Q&TILLE PE±NE. REVERSION. 5.-Low flit the swallows, and the moaning wind Sweeps through the trees, and tells of stermsbehind; The farmer turns, and sees the coming rain, And, seeking shelter, hies back home again. Fast falls the rain, and soon the forest trees Scatter their shower to the rising breeze. The fields are bare; the sheep and lambs have fled, To bleat defiance from their wooden shed. The rain has ceased, and from a sky serene The stars shine down upon a watery scene, Revealing to our gaze an awful sight; The farmer saw it, too, and shook with fright. Silent he sat upon his old grey mare; He dared not move. For why ? A robber there Had bade him stand. "Move forward, if you dare !" E'en his steed trembled at the word " Beware I" "First up your money, and go on your way. Come, sir, it is of no use to delay. You won't ? Then I must make you I Do you hear ?" The farmer answered ne'er a word for fear. The moon's pale rays, beaming o'er all the land, Shone on the pistol in the robber's hand; 'Firsting his cash, the farmer galloped thence, And last the robber for his impudence. raE BnoTHERS D. ENIGMA. 6.-In the " Tournament" they often do appear, In the "Letter-Box" and riddles, too, it's clear; In the ocean they are found, And you'll see them in the ground, And they're always in your mouth and in your ear. How often, did you say, do they appear ? Let me see; yes, let me think- Why, there's one now in my ink, And a duplicated pair are in my beer i In a day they do appear but twice, I find (Now, this question needs a complicated mind), And twice only in a week. Don't you think it is unique ? For but once in every month they are defined; Yet they are-it seems so queer- Seen twice only in a year. And-I think i've said enough. This puzzle's signed, W. J. SaaRnnA. BETAGRAM. 7.-We'd love to visit foreign climes- How lovely they must be! We've read in books a thousand times The charms of land and sea. We'd love to climb up mountain sides, Or stroll through bosky valleys, Where soft the gentle streamlet glides, Or torrent madly sallies. But there is something we'd not love ; If primals wild at night, Untamed, should through the forest rove, We'd not feel much delight. And George can't bear the thought of bears; The bare idea would make him Wish himself far from their lairs- His strength would all forsake him. But Tommy's second is, if he'd A gun upon his shoulder, The case would diff'rent be-indeed He'd be a great deal bolder. G. AsD T. CaRPEGT', SUBSTITUTION. .,-It gives me great enjoyment To write in my spare time A con. for this good old book; But when its refused I've a twinge in my senses. And cut such a comical dance. , RirTA L. BROOrFIsmL. OMEGRAM. 9.-My first is worn upon the head, Perhaps 'tis worn byyon Now change its teil, undin its stead An animal you'll view. J. A, MIasEsaX.
BETAGRAM. 10.-In jokes I'm seen, in law I am discussed, And lawyers will for whole hours wrangle o'er me To gain the case, while sometimes, in disgust, They end their wars of words with scenes quite stornm, And ev'ry one who reads this riddle must Acknowledge that with fingers they perform me; While each astute young solver who takes heed 'll Connect me with a pin, sword, pen, and needle. The Daily News, the Dai Tly Telegraph, The Era, Times, the Builder, all possess me, And those who over Funny Folks oft laugh Outrageously, most fervently should bless me. (With all these clues, the solver, if he's half As clever as I think, should quickly guess me. I'd say a little more, but, oh, good gracious I You are so keen, so shrewd, so perspicaciousI) On fronts of houses I am to be seen, Put up, I fancy, for illumination; And you may see me, in red, blue, and green, Upon the signals at each railway station. When rightly used-with care and skill, I mean- I can command both wealth and admiration. And, to conclude, I'll tell each riddling fellow That I am black, white, grey, blue, brown, and yellow.. BAsETrr DE Base. CENTRAL CHANGE. 11.-Aoross a dark and dreary plain, A lonely traveller wends his way; His footsteps first as if from pain- A barren wildness round him lay. " Oh, for a draught of next I" be cries. "Is this a pilgrim passing near ? Oh, could I dare but ask l" he sighs, And brushed away a passing tear. " My son, thy heart shall be at rest. Kneel down and take: thy prayer is heard." And drawing papers from his breast. He quickly sealed them with a third. " Take this, my son. You now must tread The barren wildness of the plain. My blessings be upon your head. Farewell; we soon shall meet again." BESSIE JENKINSB NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 12.-I roamed as evening shadows fell. And met a maiden, sweet, divine, And she-ah, well I if I must tell, She stole this heart of mine. A fairer maid none ever knew. Oh, sweet was she beyond compare ! The flow'rs that in her pathway grew,; They were not half so fair. And happy then we might have been; But long I was not there, until Her dad appeared, with savage mien, And-I am aching still. ALEx. S., Glasgow. ACROSTIC, Foundation HWord. 13.-A thief in primals thou wilt see, And one of blackest dye; The cause of direst misery It is to you and I. It steals from rich as well as poor, From small as well as great, The only thing we can't secure. What is it kindly state. Cross Words. A sort of a dog in my first you will find; For second a colour be viewing; A number in third you will bring to your mind;. But listen to fourth-it is mewing. An animal next you are sure to perceive; Our shop it is known to rumble, And as I was hunting it, would you believe That down on my next I did tumble. The light of my seventh is precious to all, Most precious to this it is, surely; A thing that is always mischiev,us and small In ninth you will find most securely. A fruit for my next you must also indite; A drink is my number eleven; A number in this you will bring to the light, And one that is very near seven. My next is a house wherein travellers stay; And this is well known to poets; A kind of a horse that is seen every day In last you will find, you know it's. R. MoNcouRnY.. RE VERSION. 11.-A soldier lay on the damp, cold ground, To the world oblivious, in slumber sound. While he revelled in pleasing and happy dreams, As in fancy he walked 'mid his youthful scenes. " Does my mother still first ?" was his eager cry6 But the echoing rocks sent no reply; So he hastened on to the cottage door, Where he romped and played in the days of yore.. With a beating heart, and a hand that shook, He raised the latch, gave an inward look At the hearth where next had ne'er found rest, And where his mind was by truth impressed. In his mother's arms he's clasped at last, And her joyful tears flow free and fast- But a deaf'ning roar, then the bullet's scream, Amid the soldier woke from his midnight dream. J. MI'COLL. HIDDEN FRUIT. 13.-Hand me my cap, please, and then I will go; I have to be home soon to.night, you must know. I hope Arthur went in good time for the train, For such a grand sight he may ne'er see again. Now, do not frown or anger show, But when you're bidden, quickly go. Such a big rap Esther gave at the gate. And told us she had not a minute to wait. When you're looked at the pictures, be cnreful, I pray;. Wrap each up in paper, and put them away. The cur ran to him; down he fell, And Bob flew home the tale to tell. Hilda, tell the boy to stay Till the storm has passed away. If ignorant people instruction despise. They deserve to be shunned by the good and the wise. J. A. G. MAnsuaLL,. METAGRAM. 16.-My first will name Part of your frame; This fish you'd like to catch; A grain is third Of which you're heard; My fourth's a running match. To find the answer to this rhyme. Dear riddler, change the head each time. F. T. kIDLET, CENTRAL DELETION. 17.-My who'e will name a kind of spear; But take the centre out, A kind of thread will then appear- Of that there is no doubt. T. CAO'eYT. CONUNDRUm. 18.--Young Folks. here's a con. for you to consider; The question is simuple, no doubt. Pray, when d~,es a seamstress resemble a ship? That's all-will you please find it out ? H R.I Pav81SON, Kennington.