RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words.
l.-Domitian swayed the Roman power, His legions scourged our land; The Grampians saw the war-cloud lour- On their red slope, in direful hour, These chiefs held high command. Cross Words. The war.steeds swift as lightning bound, The chariots tear the trembling ground, The first hordes onward pour. And in next form the foe surround, Like waves on island shore I On, on the Caledonians third, Resistless as sixth tide ! Their chiefs fourth them by deed and word- Each seeks to act as guide I The echoing mountains ne'er had been Awaked by such a sound and scene, And ne'er had pealed so fierce, uncurbed, That thrilling cry their heights disturbed- "Fifth I" But Rome's proud eagles still uprose, In midst of deep array, And now their general fast outthrews His eighth to swell the fray. Before this great influx of foes, In seventh of forward, backward flows The tide to mountains grey 1 No0 NAIIE. DELETION. .--I'd love to grace the " Tournament" With a delightful con., So full of wit and merriment That all should gaze upon Its perfect lines, and strive to make Some more as good and clever. But, ah ! I could not undertake A task so tirst-ah, never ! Yet some advantages i've next, For I can read and write. Then strive once more, 0 brain perplexed I A con. you must indite. Lorril W., Brighton. CENTRAL CHANGE. 3.-Short is life-yet man grows weary Of its daily toil and strife, And lets fall the bitter tear he cannot stay; Each short hour lirst scenes arrangeth; Like a passing April shower, Life from sunlight ever changeth into shadow every day. Sweet is life to some who never Would its scenes with sorrow rife Leave, but in the world for ever would remain. Yes, but they are men who go not Into Misery's haunts, but stay 'Midst life's pleasures, and they know not hunger's pang and sorrow's pain. Such is life I Some taste its pleasures, Whilst the grim destroyer's knife Has robbed others or their treasures, and they weep As they ponder, sadly sighing O'er those dear old friends who yonder In the churchyard next are lying, in a never.ending sleep. A. ST. J. Ancoca. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation WYord. 4.-Oft this songster's to be seen Skimming o'er the meadows green; Flutt'ring o'er the woodlands fair, Through soft summer's ba my air; Singing all the livelong day Many a sweet and joyous lay, Cross Words. For first a consonant retain And next's a title of fair Spain; A gentleman's attendant third; A Scottish town of which you've bheard Is fourth ; and fifth's a pretty bird'; For sixth please take a little man; For next a flower find, if you can; Of ev'ry pack, eighth is a card' For last a letter take from hard. A ORIPPA. REVERSION. 5.-High above the cannon's roar, Comes the stern command: " Charge I and then the day is ours. Forward, gallant band!" Each trooper first his sabre bright, And, like to avalanche's might, They sweep into the fearful fight, To strike for the fatherland. 'Tis evening, and the din is o'er; Luna lights a scene Appalling in its misery. Alas, that such have been f The moonbeams weirdly, sadly glance On dinted helm and shattered lance; The chargers, dead, no longer prance Upon the last so green. Louis QuATo0n. TRANSPOSITION. 6.-Let those kind friends who fain would burst This laboured riddle's complications A certain word, please, find for first, Expressing assents, approbations. Transpose, and then there comes to view A bird-but, oh, behold with pity Its feeble wings unable quite To bear it high o'er thorp and city I In patience, please, again transpose, A word appears which means contented. My riddle now has reached its close, A fact, I think, not much lamented. E. BaxTEa, Hoxton, DECAPITATION. 7.-Brave primal is a warrior In Young Folks " Tournament;" His cons., as any one can see, Are wit and wisdom blent. In the British House of Commons Some members look quite vexed When the Speaker intimateth, "Those that have it are the next." Silence reigns, and in the twilight, Clasped in each other's arms, Stand two lovers-she is peerless; He is smitten by her charms. Now he murmurs, "Nellie, darling, Why so sad and so downcast? Dost thou not believe I love thee ?" And she quickly answers, "Last." ARITHIOREM. Foundation Word. 89,--y primals I'll proclaim, Without a long oration, And confess to you they name A certain near relation. Cross Words. 50 and usefs Means of some utility 5 ,, nosern Can't take matters coolly; 150 ebaa Possessing great ability; 1,, ye Agile, p'baps unruly; r0 ,, res A title of nobility.-- I remain yours truly, CENTRAL DELETION. 9,-" I'm ready, it you are"-and, arm in arm, The two boys start from the neighbouring farm, And as over fields and o'er meadows they walk, On various subjeots together they talk They pause-on the trunk of a very old tree They ist theirinitials," A. F' and" E. C.'" O'er hills they then clamber, and many a song They carol together, whilst wand'ring along. " Helloa I" cries the one, " there's the second insight. When we get a bitnearer the candle I'll light." They soon reach its month-in a few.minutes mere The twdboys the second have gone to explore. C0NCORDIA.
ENIGMIA. 10.-You may hear me in the rustling of the corn, brown corn, In the rippling of the river, in the dell, In the blowing and the blasting of the horn, loud horn, In the splashing of the bucket in the well, And in many things of which I cannot tell- The chanting of the maris in the fell, In the humming of the bee, in the murmur of the tree, And the dinging and the dongingof the bell, church bell. In the sobbing and the sighing of the breeze, soft breeze, In the wailing and the whistling of the wind. In the chiming and the chanting of the seas, smooth seas, In the groaning of the billows as they grind ; In the roaring of the thunder, and you'll find Me in the echo, and, if you're the mind, In the shouts of savage men as they gallop o'er the fen, In the chasing of the bison left behind, be-hind. In the hissing and the roaring of the fire, cruel fire, In the surging of the cataract and fall, In the fizzing of the geyser as it leaps up higher, In the hurtling of the arrow and the bull, In the shepherd's shout and in the cowherd's call, In the trolling of the ballad in the hall, In the lisping of the child, in the shriek of tempest wild, And the building of the tower and the wall, high wall. In the clinging and the clanging of the sword, sharp sword, In the thunder of the rifle and the gun, In the soft and solemn tinkling of the chord, harp's chord, In the laughter of the children 'midst the fun, In the clatter of the rabbits as they run, In the hooting of the owl ere day's begun, In the sharpening of the knife, in the olamour of the strife- In everything I'm heard. And now I've done, I've done. T. CarsP, Leyton. MONOPHONES. 11.-Though the ev'n was not so cheery, and the "silence reigned supreme," Though my thoughts were all so dreary, dreary as a midnight dream, Though mamma-in-law had just been here to rail on certain matters, Yet I sat upon the dust.bin, gazing (Gazing as a man in tatters Does on bread and butter, raising Longing firsts) at that amazing Fiery.tailBd comet looking at us! Yes, I gazed upon the comrnet, much in wonder, much in fear; Couldn't have kept my optics from it had my ma-in.law been near. Then its next I tried to guess it, and its tail how long I wondered, As I sat politely-bless it !-gazing At the comet which had blundered Thus across our vision, raising All these wild ideas the case in- On the dust-bin sat and wondered, pondered! H. C. PinCE, Southwark. 1r.-" Bang ! bang !" went the. backwoodsman's gun, And over rolled my first; The largest one I ever saw, And of its kind the worst. " We'll have both boots and leggings now," He cried, as he ran fast ' And whipping out a great long knife, He soon stripped first quite last. BILLICx. MfETAGRAM. 18.-Towards his first the Arab's steed His rider bears with wondrous speed. The archer next his supple bow, And shot the foremost of the foe. Third in a dreary cell to die, The captive pined for liberty. The moonlight on the ice's sheen Fourth strange weird beauty to the scene. The knights rmet with a thundering sound, And one fifth down upon the ground. A trusty messenger was last, And through the foemen's camp he passed. ASPEN. DOUBLE ARITHMOREI,. Foundation Words. 14.-" Sweet Marie," he cried, "I have loved long and well. Words cannot express you the bliss 'Tis to stay by your side in this blossoming dell." " Oh, hush, sir I" she cried. " I was this." " Then back you will give me what finals will show, And here I give yours in return. It may break this poor heart, but you never shall know The fate of the love you can spurn." Cross Words. I and kfrs Whimsical leaping, Frolicsome, gay; 550 ,, ael Utensil in keeping With cooking array; 152 ,, nne Tendency, leaning, Sloping, a run; R,000 ,, opt Obstreperous meaning- Rude, boisterous fun; 100 ,, sesat Armour constructed To cover the thighs; 1 ,, ona This, when deducted, An island implies; 100 ,, ekn Part of your frame is Seen in the glass; 551 ,, eg Not to remain is, Silently pass, L. H"AMILTOa DECAPITATIONS. 45.-Of wood my form is made, SAnd to the weary I give aid; If you behead me, you will see What on your form must surely be ; Behead again, and you will find What most is needed by mankind. S. E. CASTLa. l6.-A word which means a rivulet Please try to bring to mind; Behead, and then a bird remains, As you will quickly find. LLOYDDETTO, SQUARE WORDS. (By some accident whceb we are unable to explain .only hlf the following puzzle appeared in oe. 5s. In Justie to thsaethor ami to our readers, we feel bdund to present the puzzle In iseemplste form,) 17.-'Tis on the cliff beside the sea Black Hugh in ambush lies, Until the form of fair Sir Lee Advancing he espies. " Go to thy death 1" the villain shrieks, And springs upon the boy; With many a first his vengeance wreaks In fierce and ieadish joy. The deed was done-with fearful look, The murderer next liis hair ; Then in hid third the body took Of young Sir Lee the fair. He raised the form so stark and dead, Then onward hastened fast, And, full of awful fear and dread. "'Twas last I" he muttered-" last I'" Lorrin W., Brighton.