RIDDLE TOIJRNAMENT BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a wprd to form another waoJ
1.-I'll sing about a mighty queer adventure Which happened in the tropics years ago, While diving 'neath the ocean for a treasure Which, people said, was lying down below. We'd searched the ocean near about a fortnight, And most of us had given up all hope, When, one fine day, while downwards being lews I slipped and lost my hold upon the rope. Supplied with air enough to last for ever (I wore my patent diving-dress, you know), I didn't stop to think about my danger, But straight towards the shore began to go; When, turning sharply round a mighty boulder, I struck my head against a vessel's side, And there I saw, in countless tens of thousands Great bags of gold all scattered far and wide. I first around my slender waist the biggest, And started off towards the distant shore, When suddenly I heard an awful clamour, And saw a sight l'd never seen before. The sea was strewn with twenty million fishes, Upon his head thete danced a mighty whale, A crocodile was washing plates and dishes, A stickleback was riding on his tail. Upon a rock, close by, a shark was lying, With forty lobsters pulling out his tooth; A winkle on a rusty flute was playing, A sprat was trying hard to tell the truth; And then, at last, a mighty big sea-serpent (With thirty heads and fifty thousand eyes) Seized hold of me and next me o'er his body, Then darted off like lightning with his prize. We rattled through the ocean like a rocket For twenty days, or maybe rather more, When suddenly an awful shivering seized me, And, glancing round, I found we'd got on shore. The monsteE had climbed up a sort of mountain, Which, 'neath his weight, began to heave andre- And, looking up, I saw, to my amazeme t, The serpent's tail was stuck on the N rth Pole, He kicked and fought to free his helpless carcase, But all in vain; so oil his back I got, And, jumping on an iceberg, set it rolling, And off we travelled southwards like a shot. At last old England's shore we reached in safety, And, sitting down upon a lump of mould, I slit the bag that held my precious treasure, And found a lot of bullets, 'stead of gold! F. G. WEBB, Southrwau PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another wall 2.-A gallant knight rode forth to war, In cloth of first and gems attired; His foes he vanquished by the score, His soul by freedom's thought was fired; Oppressors fell beneath his blade Like chaff before the fleeting wind- Assassins, traitors, thieves, were laid In death, and left no trace behind. His countrymen grew wild with joy, To find their tyrants slain at last; Their new sweet bliss felt no alloy, Fresh vigour in their lives was cast. There dwells with us just such a knight, Our next King Hope, who every foe That vexes life can put to flight, And mingle comfort with our woe. F. J. HODGES, Greelwich; OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another wolJ.. 3.-A maiden sat within her room, Her face suffused with tears ; Upon that face there was a gloom, Which seemed the growth of years. Her head was buried in her hand, She sobbed without relief ; Like angry wave upon the strand, She could not first her grief. A gentle next brings near to her Her sister kind and meek, Whose sympathetic heart doth stir Consoling words'to speak. "Why, Carrie," so the elder cries, "What grief is this you bear ? Oh, prithee, from those lustrous eyes Wipe ev'ry pearly tear. " Is it because your love's uhtrue That silently you weep P Has Stephen proved he's false to you, And does affection sleep P?" "No, Martha, that's not why I'm sad, Steve's true enough, you know; But I have got the toothache bad, And it does hurt me so !" LA Lierareosl NARRATIVE OMEGRAMI. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word i*' narrative.) 4.-Why should life be a burden in this world so biie and fair P Where happiness is,freehold to.all who have a care To guard its dear possession, that renders life a joy, That stooping years adid hoary fail even to destroy. And to keep it ever safely is not a task severe, As, alas I too many think it; with neither sword nor We may ward off the invader-dark, frowning 1f content- The bitter enemy by whom our peace is often rent. 'Tis true that want may meet us, and Misfortune,i. her flail, r/ Thrash from a life's enjoyments; many pleasures; avail Ourselves we may'of virtue-alone the blissful seed From which there springs the happy balm that so80t in times of need. T. NrXoa, Dudley Collie7l DOUBLE ACROSTIC. IPhe final letters, as well ad the initials, form a word, otf Foundation Words. 5.--Black, heavy clouds roll o'er the battle plain,.i. The night wind murmurs 'mid the heaps of sbi, A close, oppressive stillness fills the air, The first looms 'neath the sky, cold, bleak, an5db' The sentinels like shrouded spectres sit, . . Unheard,- save for the horsb's chimping bit, Or sabrets rattle 'gainst the rider's thigh, ' Or. jinglingaswivel moved nneaal ; -k Their aching eyes fixed on each bs and roc, T'heir clsrbinesfirmly held, at readj cok; . For there;:next in the rugged valeyblio The glowing watchfires.of their enemy. ' Cr6ssa Words. Deep.in the frozen Inorhl.Ihold full sw' Though never ii;the sunny soduth I stay. Whein. isis irist Thdseun will be Si ' -rdmnaount its fatnhmeshesIsa9e and free.' .With thist" e a .mrry lown. uppn the 't : rTo ferd the widow'arsj bayde aepg0' j
LOGOGItPHS. . ,,may be treated as a mat grani deeapttatil.~ da .le and absposilon. but leaves a perieot'word after each w often have you lain upon the grass some sweet meadow when the sun is shining, e clonds of fleecy' hiteness o'er you pass, nd have no need to show a silver lining ! f1w often you, in such a way recliinng,. e turned my pages with a languid imile, dread my bright romances for awhile, y tales of jey and frolic, pain, and pining, d cisuch good stories which can ne'er beguile edreadfnl, red-sashed smuggler, fierce and bold, et on the bowsprit, munching bread and butter; while he munched, he looked around, and cold 5he blood ran through him. Softly did he mutter, "Blow me if I can't see.a rev'nue cutter I" en from his perch, with sundry cussings, rolled, d took a lighted torch into the hold, e hissed between his teeth, "Aha! I'm foiled; if I'm caught and hanged, may I be boiled I th these sweet words, he dropped the torch in me, d little bits of smuggler strewed the sea. ha, bd that bold, bad, red-sashed, smuggling joker Not been so rash, but gone to work without a bit Shastiness, and seized the cabin poker- 5ad he (although I sadly fear you'll doubt a bit) Knocked off my tail and twisted me about a bit, ere would have been no fire and smoke and blazing, No masts and'decks and cabin stairs blown sky-high, No howls and imprecations-no; but, my eye ! e consequenee, oh, 'twould have been amazing I H. C. PRIacE, Southwark, 7,-My first means opposite to waste, If I have rightly reckoned; If you behead it and transpose, A fruit will be my second. G. SCALEs, Limerick. METAGRABMS. thnge the first letter of a word to form another word.) -I'll write of carnage, warriors, and battles. No, I won't ! rFi write of lots of policemen springing rattles, No, I won't I rll write of pretty girls Wearing diamonds and pearls, And with long and flowing curls. No, I won't I I'll write of penny rides upon a steamer. No, I won't I'll write of Harry Fortescue, the dreamer. No, I won't! I'll write about the free, Open, bounding, primal sea, Where I'd really like to be. No, I won't 1 I'll write about a jolly second sailor, No, I won't I I'll write about a natty little tailor. No, I won't! I'm o4to make a call, Then I'm going to a ball, And I will not write at all. No, I won't! W. D. PICKE=ING, Southwark. 9.-An animal's my first, As, also, is my second; And as for third, although a bird, An animal 'tis reckoned. My fourth is round and large; Some fifths are made of hair; My sixth, you'll see, will surely be An article you wear. E. L. HOLLAND. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word) Though no devotee to gastronomy, I likefirst, for its parts are good eating; d I once saw a glutton called Donomy, Eat my whole at a knife and fork meeting; at my second, which of first is a part, Will feed numbers with appetites middling; mean those who're not slaves to the art Named in the top line of this riddling. et e'en numbers could not eat my whole, Neither is it good eating at all ; d, farther, what's odd, if not droll, Compared with first part it is small I d although the two parts are highly comestible, din spite of what Donomy did at the mess table, d that7ague contradictions and fibs are detestable, y shole's hard as bone and quite indigestible. R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham. l,.-The ocean's waves, with crested head, Were by the dawning sun tipped red, As o'er the mainithere calmly sped My first, for home. The second a grammar will supply, For in conjunctions 'tis not dry So from the common list please try To cull this neat. Young folks, to last I'd have you know That always you should strive to show Respect, and rank yourselves below All such people. 8wist to its close this con. draws nigh, 'Tis by th' advancing hosts passed by; So if my whole I may explain, It shows a " trade still rife in Spain And Italy, where rules that bane, The thirst for gold. AGONISTEB. 1I.-Now, riddling friends, no doubt you'll try This little con.,to find, In sis: a kind of cloth descry, if it you bring'to mind; In next an insect you may see ; I'll give another dlne- Combine the two, then there will be An olilcer in view, 1AAlA i SIT, Gresley. 13.-A ord which surely means sedate, Please bring before your mind; And then a flower--a lovely one- For second you must find. My whole will Show another flower Scarce Winter's frosts have fled, When by each fence and woodland glade It lifts its modest head. DEA5CrHES. cENTtr L DELETION. (Drnalotte from the centre of a word to form another) i4.-The dews of death are gatherin fast Ulpon an aged pilrim's hpn...
m earthly bonds lie's first a last, ,8 Comes a message sweet and low : Uome fam this world of ceaseless strife Well tho son. in the skies. So har stsruggled all thy life, Secondwear thy ll-wo.n prize. For f ting. leasres grets For thons pa aNa 's debts, Aheah'nly crow t e gain., ts E. A. COoxar. Wor Wor g . d As ROSTIC. FE dAoCR d of the initialC letters of other words.) hd o liepfor the foot; a compound used by Thx.e. palji'-g"ood eaten ly horses - part Oni Oe x t,a. o9 t We-ols n.give the xa~ne
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the flrat letter of a word. leaving another word.) 16.-I'm so boisterously buoyaut, so gregariously gay, So extremely effervescent, and so madly merry, that I shall feel obliged, you fellows, if you'll clear a space, I say, . For I shall not' be contentedtill I've jumped upon my hat! Come, hand the rum punch over, boys, to me, or pretty soon There will be an empty bowl for me to dip in, I expect, Let's warble'some sweet melody, each to a different tune, And revel in the soothing and harmonious effect. Here's Snookson looking mopish-come and turn the rascal out. Aha! he brightens up. Just pass the punch bowl to him, Fred And hark ye, Tom, if you don't sing that song you talked about, By Jupiter, my boy, we'll come and stand you on your head I Here's Brown asleep. Observe me place the punch bowl on his brow. How like a classic-- Ah, stand still! Egad, don't let it fall ! No use; it's smaslhed to atoms. Brown, my boy, you've first it now. You smashed the bowl, and you will have to pay for it, that's all I But, hang it all! we're getting dull; let some next make a noise. Here you, Smith, sing a comic song, like that which Tommy sang, And let your tuneful voices swell the chorus, bully boys, Ri-fol-de.rol.di-ha, ha, ha !-ri-tooral.ooral-bang I D. Gew. 17.-The harbour left, the ship glides swiftly on, Like a proud swan, she breasts the rising seas; The watchful skipper ever and anon Trims sails and takes advantage of the breeze ; For she is bound to regions wintry cold, Of snow eternal, where the iceberg rears its head; Her well-tried crew are fearless men and bold, Who by the capture of my first do earn their bread. Each man on board is active, next, and brave, And will enequnter dangers rarely met By other sailors on the ocean wave, Though all must suffer hunger, cold, and wet. Yet unknown perils lie in wait for those Whose calling is the taking of my first; Water and wind are not their only foes, And oft the death they meet is of the worst. But, lo! the scene is changed: their dangers o'er, The ship, well laden, brings them safely Jome. Wives, mothers, children, greet them on the shore-- Ah ! would they never more were forced to roam. And in the evening, by the tavern fire, With pipe and last, and friends on ev'ry side, The gallant tar, by mutual desire, Recounts the dangers of the ocean wide. J. A. B. 18.-A riddling lady's Christian name, In the " Tournament " 'tis seen; I did my next the other day, And so did you, I ween. F. PHILIaPS, Mottingham. 19.-Touch the harp gently, my pretty Ann Jones, As soon as you've made yourself clean. The songs that I love will you play unto me P- ' Upon the jew's-harp, I do mean. I'm weary of wasting my talent, And singing a first of a night; While you play such charming selections, We ought to make next future bright. I'm not a good judge of bad music, Or I should not now be at home. Just hand me my" Unpackerina" (Tissue paper; beneath it, a comb). Now, what shall I play you, my loved one, With rapture to make your heart beat? Don't insult me by offering penuies To go and play in the next street. J. G. BROOMFIELD. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 20.-A kind of jar please find for first- A simple little word of letters three- Which, if by you be but reversed, A sticky kind of liquid you'll then see. M. SPENCER, Willington Quay. ENIGMA. 21.-Aid to all I freely give, Getting nothing in return; On the mountain-top I live; New things from me all men learn. In the air I'm gently borne, Smoothly, sweetly, by the breeze; To the weary and the worn, E'en to those'with mis'ry torn, Soothingly I give them ease. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. CONUNDRUM. 22.-Dear friends, a question I will ask, " So now your memory please task. What is that which we often kill, Yet never dies, nor ever will? W. NoznA, 01onmel.