RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META-OMEGRAM.
agel the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 1.-Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, I'm hopelessly demented; My little brain has born much pain That might have been prevented. I've tried to play my harp until My finger ends are numb; But all in vain, for many a week Its firsts will only groan and squeak; Ah, dear old Puzzledom I Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, In you my hope reposes; The muses nine, when I repine, Turn up their little noses. My face is thin, my neat is lean, With pleading them to come; My eyes are red, my nose end, too, Presents a very doubtful hue; Ah, dear old Puzzledom I O1, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, Oh, why were you invented ? My little heart is broken quite, And has to be cemented. The star of hope has ceased to shine, And things are looking glum; For after years of friendly bliss, 'Tie doubly hard to part like this, Ah, dear old Puzzledom I Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, I hear the merry jingle Of maid and knight in armour bright, Yet cannot with them mingle. It breaks my heart, but we must part, For now I can but hum; We've been firm friends for nine long years- You've shared my smiles, now share my tears, Ah, dear old Puzzledom I MARIuo TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ACROSTICS. (aword.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. l-Wreaths of fair roses that fly through the air, Flung from the fingers of beauty more fair; Showers of sweetmeats that fall like fine rain Upon the gay maskers again and again. Laughter and music and light jests that spring As clear from the heart as the sweet bells that ring From distant church steeples-all, all seem to say, "0 liomans, be merry-'tis Rome's hohlday. Cross Words. O breezes that blow from that valley of bliss, What sweet scent of roses you waft in thy kiss i With a wreath of June's red roses yet unwithered on his brow, Comes the last envoy of summer, bearing sweet treasures now. Fili high to the toast; make the old rafters ring With cheers for our country, our God, and our king. Wilt thou gang wi' me, dear, wilt thou gang wi' me, Au' my wife to be, dear, an' my wife to be ? Of all the sweet voices now chanting in heaven, The sweetest of all to this angel is given. Soft in the shade of the cloisters dim Wanders the sigh of the evening hymn. 0 wild sea waves on the beach that swept The golden gems that the sea-bird wept. _et with dew the golden blossoms that the breezes loved to kiss. liug'ring round the branch that bore them in an angel dream of bliss. E. A. Cuoansn. Foundation Word. 3.-See the clouds are madly flying O'er the say erstwhile so blue, And the leaves, all brown and dying, Fall the fitful chill air through. Mighty sound of waves retreating, By :ome spell now charmed to song, And the wild winds fiercely meeting Nature's music do prolong. Cross Words. Softly descending with erratic paces, Deckiug the landscape with numberless graces. Nigh overflowing with wine crisp and grateful ; Bliut use it too often, and all things grow hateful. Through life's vicissitudes boldly he passed, Poor in the first half, but rich in the last. He prizes it far above all things of gold, lie who is willing its name to uphold. No nne cares to turn its handle 133 the light of dip or candle. W. KOHLER, Camberwell. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) I-btiss Marion Greenwood was driving alone o0wu a long country lane, as the twilight descended (Sled beuen visiting-as was her custom, I'll owu-- Some friends whom her charity oft had befriended), 5r'ihen a highwayman sprang from the hedge by the way, Cr'ing, " lirot me your valuables, lady, I pray." Borne maidens I know would scream ut in affright, Bid secona would faint. erhaps, on being molested; Ba lss G. was a girl who was certainly quite Of an o)olposite nature. She simply requested Se gentleemau's pardon-would he, please, let go Of the Pony? " For I'm in a hurry, you know." lir voice was so winning, it went to the heart lthe "gentleman" thief (who was whole, and he knew it) Spliitting his hat, he said, " Lady, to part lihot some small memento-I really can't do it. maidas for the rose which you wear? Thanks, fair maid. This nigh't from my memory never shall fade." C. A. CoorEn. 5.-First, there, young man--first, there, I say; I mean no harm, so don't away. Well, yes, you know, I was quite vext I thought he'd surely win his next. A Roman poet of renown, Who, though no courtier, was no clown; Satires, epistles, odes, he wrote, And fiercely all their follies smote. IsHMAEL CLEARCHOS. 6 ýWheu angry winds torment the swelling main, Iyjtirst will be the place you wish to'gain a :, for my first youll shed a sorrowing tear, Unless my second shall the first appear. Bt though my escond you with joy may see, And at my first in safety hope to be, Avoid my ehtohl it oft has proved the grave Otfemales lovely, and of seamen brave. PALINDROME. E. JOHNSON. Sword which read backwarda or forwards is still the asame.) *,-A note in music find for me- Of it I think you've heard Backwards read, 'tis still thi same; Now try to guess this word. Q,* LEIDIIQLLi.
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word,) 8.-Behold the gay bachelor, happy and smiling, Attired in his best, with a rose and a cane, Along-with a party of picnic-ers filing His way through a neat little, sweet little lane; Rejoicing in freedom, all love fetters scorning, He chat's with a will, and is quite at his ease, While she, who, with eyes clear and bright as the morning, Is walking beside him beneath the green trees, Bears fully as merry and bright an expression As he, not a care in her gay little heart; But nezt they think not of itrin his profession Of match-maker, Cupid's now using his dart. Behold the late bachelor, harassed and worried, Chained up, so to speak, like a horse to a cart; Repenting in anguish the marriage he hurried Along, from that day when she conquered his heart. His heart I Not content with that only, she's master Of body as well, for her husband's her slave; His freedom has vanished for ever-much faster Than he could have'first when he entered the nave Of the church, where in wedlock the two were united, One fine summer morning a twelvemonth ago; Then pity his sorrows and happiness blighted, For all of his misery no one can know. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The answer is a word composed of Roman numerals.) 9.-O ye who are skilled in arithmetic, And can tell the weight of a falling brick, Or the cost of a ha'porth of candy-stick- Whoever ye are, Tom, Harry, or Dick, I bid ye all come And try your skill With right good will On this simple sum: 'Twas a fisherman bold, so I have been told, One day, tired out with sport. On his homeward way met a friend, who did say, " How many hast caught, and what sort ?" " I haven't caught final," The sportsman replied, " Nor as many as prilaal Of fishes have died. Nor have I hooked third, But second, I trow, Though second's no number, As I'd have you know. 'Tis total I've caught In showers of rain; But perhaps you would like me To make it more plain. Well, primal of final's A fifth, to be sure, While third is a half Of first evermore. The second, remember, Is a fourth of four; But lest you should think me A terrible bore, See, my basket is empty, So am I--bon jour 1" C. P. MITCHELL. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-D usky twilight gathers round the A ncient first of Thundersleigh ; V aliant knights have met together I n the battles stern array. D eath and danger proudly scorning, Gallantly the last men flee O nward to the field of glory, W ith a shout of victory. CLARA BOEaIMER. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-Policeman B. Used oft so free To court where he could dine; And quite right was This man of laws, For courts were in his line. His first was long, And he not strong (At least, he told me so); And none but thee, Policeman B., Ought that same fact to know, He ne'er did sneer At lager beer, As some in Scotland do; And kindly would Next all the food That cooky gave him, too. The troth about It all came out Last last, amid much din; Official head In tones of dread To him thus did begin: "Policeman B., You are too free In searching for your food; You really must Fulfil your trust With appetite subdued." With stately tread And high-born head, He " moved on" from his gaze; And now he tries In manner wise To leave his wicked ways. T. HowIE, Edinburgh. 12.-I'd like to know if you have second seen The person often set forth in some books, Who ever has a countenance serene, And always wears the peacefullest of looks, Who primal lets the cares of life distress him, But the same aspect wears in joy or woe, Who never has the slightest thing oppress him- If you have seen him I would like to know. I'd like to know if you have ever seen The face and form you have so often read about- Tall, handsome, with a kingly face and mien, The ugly persons not a word is said about, Oh, quite replete with grace is every feature, And nothing but perfection does he show; I never yet have seen this charming creature, If you have seen him I would like to know. IVANHOE, Belfast. 18.--I've travelled all the way from Roscrea To Dublin on the Liffey, And from north firot will soon set weigh, The ship's off in a jiffy. Good-bye, my Irish friends, good-bye; Joy to neat in Erin's Isle; Pleasant spot the honirs to while. C, DnaaON, London. 14.--My first's a common animal To be viewed in the Zoo; If you behead you're sure to finud A part of me and you. GorAnAWE. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another wordJ 15.-Please find a part of every house, If you'll reverse it,then Before yonr eyes it now joth stand, A kind of marsh or fen;
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of it word to form another word.) 16.-Through a garden of red roses I wandered in a dream, Where slept a moonlit stream, Softly as babe reposes. Ah, no'er the sun discloses, In dusty midday beam, Such paths of gold, I deem, As those where grow the roses. Oh, the lovely flowers were glowing, As with intense delight, Beneath the mellow light The silver moon was showing. And the fragrant winds were blowing With music's sweetest might; 'Twas night, but not our night, Where those thornless flowers were growing. And I saw a maiden gliding- White rose queen of each bower- She passed from flower to flower, Where gems of dew were hiding, Her first to them confiding. They seemed to know her power; I envied them that hour, When, unseen, I saw her gliding. Dreaming, I felt such pleasure- So real seemed my bliss ; Said I, " No dream is this- IHere will I last at leisure." But with sleep fled the treasure: )Dull dreamland's oasis We find a mirage is; I woke, sad beyond measure. " I sighed, "Where are life's roses?" (Outside, where still'twas night, A storm was at its height). " This world a world of woes is I" But morn the truth discipses- This earth of ours is bright; And 'neath the sun's grand light Life still has many roses. AnCHEx B., Kentish Town. METAGRAMIS. (Change the firstletter of a word to form another word.) 16.-You ask me what has made my face Become so thin and white, And what has robbed my once bright eyes Of all their glancing light. You ask what causes me to sigh, So often and so long, What makes the constitution weak, That erstwhile was so strong. Sit down, my friend, and I'll explain The cause of all my grief ; I think if I confide in you My mind will find relief. I have a brother-only one, He's seventeen to-day, That whipper-snapper looking lad Just coming o'er the way. Ah I he was once my hope and pride, A ne't and happy boy, Who took in merry boyish games A great delight and joy ; Who did not care a single pin For outward looks and show, But romped about, and tore his clothes Where'er he chanced to go. But now he's altogether changed, lie wants to cut a first, He wears his boots so very tight, That they are fit to burst. He parts his perfumed, glossy hair Exactly down the middle, With such precision, that to me 'Tis really quite a riddle. He pastes upon his dumpy hand A six-three.-quarter glove, The sweetest shade of lavender That e'er you saw, my love. He sports a pocket handkerchief Edged with the finest lace, And perfumed-oh,'twould make you ill I Quite squeamish, dearest Grace. Where he gets third for all those things I really cannot tell, But this I know he'll ruin himself, And ruin poor pa, as well, If he continues thus to be, A horrid, silly last.er, A thing so thoroughly put down By our most worthy pastor. 4 Oh, Gracie, what delight'twould bel What real, honest joy To me, if Freddie but became Once more-a merry boy. MAGGIE E. DENNY, RosBrea. 18.-It is not at all an easy thing to keep a pleasant face When sorrow comes and makes the world a most un. pleasant place; Yet sorrow may be softened by a sure andsimple plan: So the course I recommend you is to meet it like a man, Just follow my prescription as the only cure for care, And you'll find that many troubles are bat trifles light as air. 'Tis hard to lose one's lady-love, and coldly get the sack; 'Tis hard to lend a pound or two, and never get it back ; 'Tis hard when some relation dies and leaves a lengthy will, To find yourself last calmly down for just exactly nia. Its anything but lively to be anything but well, When crowds of eager creditors come tugging at your bell; And its pleasant at a party, when your nerves are going wrong, To be asked, as quite a favour, for a screaming comic song. First it's hard if you compose a con, with all your might and power, And keep on writing bravely through many a tedious hour, And when it's done with pride yon say, " With Coulson's best it ranks," 'Tis hard in next Young Folks to see "Declined with many thanks." R. W. M'DONNELL, Dublin. 18.-For first a number please indite, I'll own it is not three; And if my next you find aright, An object you will see, For 'tis some busy worker's home, Wherein a queen does reign, From whence, though often they may roam, They do return again. 'Twas when the boys were bathing in The sea so deep and blue, To third we saw them all begin, When they were lostcto view. And though I good advice did fourth, They listened not to me, But cried, perhaps in righteous wrath, " Boys will be boys, you see." F. PsIutIPS, Mottingham,. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.--My first denotes a portal; if then you me transpose, A sort of surface measure My nat will then disclose. W. G. DoVBLEr.
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 21.-When Nannikang reigned in Bumbeeland, A royal decree was penned, Informing his million subjects that His majesty did intend, At an early date, to offer his hand To the worthiest maid in all the land. To further this object 'twas dereed That every chief should bring The fairest of all his daughters dear To the palace of the king, Where he would himself his high rank demean By choosing for ever his future queen. The morning arrived, and brightly shone The sun in a cloudless sky; The lark burst forth with a joyful song As it mounted up on high. And within the palace was gathered there A band of bright maidens, all young and fair. The king caine forth in his robes of state, And royally grand was he, With his crown of gold, his silken dress, And a manner frank and free. And strained were all eyes, and stilled was each voice, As the king proceeded to make his choice. He passed Loo-Loo with the raven hair, And proud Sah-Lee by her side, Saw not Mee.Lung with the graceful form, Nor by Cam-Linn did abide; He deigned not to notice bold Yoo-Lig's sigh, And passed pretty Zig-Lam hastily by. But he stopped when once he saw Ding-Long With her eyes cast shyly down, And greatly surprised were many there To see him take off his crown, And place it upon the fair Ding-Long's head " As a sign that she was the maid he'd wed. PnILO, Dundee. DUAGRAM. (Change the ilrst two letters of a word to form another word.) 22.-Winter is nigh whextfrost is king, And frozen ponds with voices ring, And youthful forms dart here and there, Skimming like swallows in the air. Street urchins also sweetly glide Along the smooth and even slide; Such sport it is, so free and nice, You feel at home upon the ice. Then snowflakes fall with noiseless sound, Strewing a mantle on the ground; And schoolboys wage their battles dire, Ne'er seeming of such sport to tire. The sledges ride 'way down the hill, O'er mounds of earth and frozen rill; Their owners with a cheerful smile Chattering gaily all the while. Then shout " Hurrah I" for winter dear, And Christmas, too, which brings good cheer. J. BODENo, Glasgow. ANAGRAMS ON REPTILES. 23.-Sweet poesy has cast a spell o'er me, A spell it is of very wondrous power, And tales of battle, both by laud and sea, I strive in vain to write, hour after hour. But my poor verse is very commonplace, A puerile con. is all I really write; And in my feeble cons. I only trace A plot that, after all, is very slight. I want to write in praise of our fair queen, But I, alas, alas, the talent lack; I cannot picture what I really mean, But, like a ship, sail on another tack. I wish to sing an ode about mylove, And tell you how she, after all, said " Yes '" I get as far as " She's a gentle dove," And then I write about a satin dress. Alas I I fear that I shall ne'er succeed In winning any laurels-luckless wight; I think I'll give it up-I do indeed- No more attempt to scale Parnassus' height. W. D. PCauierIG, Southwark. MONO PHONE. (Words of dllfferent meaning, but the same in sound.) 24.-First would I attempt to tell How I love my darling Nell; Hackneyed phrases will not do, So here goes for something new. As a swell loves boots so bright, So she forms my sole delight; As a mastiff owns a bone, So I would she were my own. As a miser loves his gold (Musa, dear I but that is old). As a drunkard loves- But there, Old again, I do declare. If I next my love, for thee, May this con. rejected be. Nell, your lover for you grieves As an ass for cabbage leaves. It has come to this, alas, Ellen, am I not thine ass P For if I were only thine, Even that would be divine. PAIRICK S., Belfast.