RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATION.
(Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 1.-Let me sing a song of freedom, for my heart is light and gay; Let me tell of meagre pleasures that flit o'er my thorny way; Let me boast of treats surprising, Treats obtained by self-devising, Nursed and reared with deep surmising, For the holidays are primal, and my brothers are away. Let me sing a song of freedom, heedless of each bygone care; For a while no boisterous laughter will disturb the silent air, No one will be Fate obeying Like a prisoner indoors staying, Strange herculean feats displaying, Marching up and down in tantrums, when the weather is not fair. Let me sing a song of freedom, and forget the dreadful din Which my cousin made when playing on that whistle made of tin. E'en the fruit trees in the garden Need no ever-watchful warden; No grim jkes my heart will harden, And the household chairs are guileless of a tack or crooked pin. Let me sing a song of freedom, sing of liberty well won; Undisturbed the youthful feline slumbers in the glaring sun; No slang phrases will beset me, No shrill whistles will upset me, Not a single pun will fret use, So I'll sing a song of freedom lust my term of rest is spun. Let me sing a song of freedom, for three weeks my woes are o'er Not a cricket-ball or marble now adorns (F) the parlolr floor; And the bookcase-what completeness !- Is a marvel in its neatness, LiFe itself is full of sweetness, While those tiresome boys are absent. So what can I wish for more? MARnIo L. TAYLon, Birkenhead. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the contre ofa word to form another.) 2.-A smart little boy (in his jurenile slyness) Dropped two dirty boots in a caldron of stew; And cook, who was telling to Robert her shyness, Had turned from the first, so that nobody knew. The smart little boy-with simplicity touching- Went out by the back way and climbed up a tree, \V here he sat tor two l nghoursthe littletwigsclutching, And wondering what it was like to be free. Well, cook, when her Robert had fed and departed, Turned round in a business-like way on the broth ; She tasted and murmured, she tasted and started. Then from her coy lips, with a scream, blurted f.rlh Some naughty and vulgar expressions of wriath. To describe it, my Pickwick in vain I'd employ, So vast was her next as she searclhed for that boy. The smart little boy nup aloft sat demurely, Till cookie approached with her features aflame; When his little sides shook with such terror that sorely It wasn't his fault that he let go, and came, With a crash and a yell, on the head of the dame ? And cookie she " went for " that boy with such ardour That both her hands tingled with bruises again ; Aid when her hands smarted she whopped the boy harder, Yet still seemed to get the chief part of the pain. At last she decided she whoppped him in vain, And so she desisted, and cried, with a blubber, " I believes it's a b'y made o' Ilindian rubber I" MORAL. Here's one, but I very much doubt that it suits: " Why burden the hand when they're stewin' the boots ?" H. C. PRICE, Southwark. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) :.-Two cavaliers we to your ranks, sir, have come, And we really feel bound to declare it I The fife hasn't called us, nor tuck of the drumn, And we really feel bound to declare it I We're rising young scions of Musa, or verse, (ur motto is " Practice," 'bove all to be tet se, To which you, Mir. Editor, cnn't be averse, And we really feel bound to declare it Our aim is to phlase, and in cons., sir, to shine, And we really feel bound to declare it! And puns that are pungent shall flash in each line; And we really leel bound to declare it ! And strictly original to be we isnteul, Thotuh in these days 'tis next to attain to that end, For naught really new has Iceu ever yet peun'd; And we really feel bound to declare it ! In the int'rest of dabblers in riddling lore- And we truly are bound to declare it!- Some news for exponents we have, sir, in store; I think we may safely declare it! Please know, then, ye lasses and lads of the " T.," In Parliament soon shall be first a great plea For th' abolition of the Waste Paper B. ! And we really feel bound t , declare it! WALLIs AND GRAHaM. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 4, -The ship was sp.eding o'er the tide towards the home- ward shore, When her upon the deck I spied, and in ten seconds more Her tender smile had won my heart; her eyes of azure blue Had hel: ed to wing the pointed dart that pierced my waistcoat through; Anid I prepared myself to throw upon my bended knees, When through the shrouds began to blow a wild north. eastern breeze. 'Twas followed by a dreadful gale; the winds in fury roared- The ship lurched; then I heard a wail, and she-was overboard! I plunged into the boiling main; I clasped her slender form, And bore her to the ship again, regardless of the storm; And when upon the deck I stood the passengers " Ioorayed !" Inut I was modest, and I could but gaze upon the maid And bite my finger-nails. Then an old man rushed up to me, And gasped, " Brave youth I say how I can my gratitude to thee Express." Then as young Cupid sent another arrow at My first, although my poor heart went with terror, " Pat, pit, pat!" Said I, " I saved the lovely girl and brought her safe to land- No !-ship!"--my brain was in a whirl-" and now your daughter's hand I beg respectfully to claim-I love her ferventl! !" That man's complexion green became, and rage gleamed in his eye. "My danuhter, wretch!" Then thundered he, "Go next 1'11 have thy life ! My daughter, villain I Why, sir, she-this lady is my sci'e ! F. R. COULsox. 5.-I'm afraid you won't laugh, and I'm sure you wou't cry, Yet I hope you'll not read this with scorn in your eye. 'Tis little to boast of, when courting the muse; Little love hath she shown, but I must not abuse. When I first saw the dame I approached her with care, For, though lovely, I knew she was fickle as fair. And my rivals were many ; some viewed me with hate, While a few gave advice, "You're a little too late." But their looks I ignored; their advice I declined, Though I did think the Fates were a little unkind. When, while climbing the hill, Miss Muse whi:pered one day, " Fame and fortune you get with a will and a way 1" Well, thought I, to myself. I hare caught her at last, And the goal of my hopes I am nearing quite fast. When I turned (in my sleep) to behold the bright scene, And awoke 1 0 ye gods I it was naught but a dream. W. A. WILEs.
I- MiONOPHO~ii. (Words of different meaning, but the same Il Sound I 6.-Oh, why do the flowerets fade, And so swiftly droop down in decay ? I wonder oft why they were made Thus to perish and primal away. Oh, why does bright Youth e'er grow old, And his face become haggard and p. ..: Why warm hearts get sober and cold ? And life end like a swiftly-told tale ? Say, second have gone all the years, That we fain would have kept with us yet ? Why joy change to sorrow and tears, And sweet pleasure give way to reoret ? 'Tis mournful to think as we gaze At the bent form and snowy-white hair, That it seems but a few fleeting days Since age was so joyous and fair. Would youth could continue for aye! Would that we might for ever remain Unconscious , f Time or decay- Unconscious of life's care and pain [ But since we were born but to die, It is vain to bewail what must be; Though we cling to the past with a .igh, Let us thiLk what the future may Le. And though life b 'termed but a span, There are difficult mountains to ciimb, And remember we may. and we can, Leave footprints on the shore-sands of Tiln. 1ELLIE C`. CHA IADES. ELLIE (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a Word.i 7.-Though in ordinary dangers I and cowardice are strangers, Yet I own most willingly, That should total ever visit England, I, with fear exquisite, Would-though vainly-madly f.Le I would second, weep, and tremble, Till my body did resemble That most restless aspen leaf. Should I stay, what then would fv!low ? Frsl wou:d positively swallow Me., and I should come to grief. That's not pileasant, riddlers, is it ? So, should total ever visit Us, to Providence I pray That it kindly do endeavour To prevent dread irholu from ever- Ever coming rour d amy way I G. Ti,cr. 8.-Of rank a title is syllable the first, Though not a dignity on British headsde:,vo::r: The second you will recognize, if versed In means of passing barriers and rid-le s ,nir:_. My iwhole, if kindly treatment be his lot, Does true and patient service to mankind ; By thoughtless persons ridiculed, but not By the humane, the "eutle, and relined. IR. C. LovILn:ss, Birmi : .u. ENIG MA. 8.-Where wild and raging billows madly surge, From 'midst the feath'ry spray I oft emerge, And in the sun my cov'ring-silv'ry blue- Will burst into rich colouring, every hue; Yet in miy lady's boudoir I am oft In company with velvet rich and soft, And oft her lily hand my form hath press'd. And in her ears I hung when she was dress' i. Small fish convey me from beneath the sea, For of my shelter they would not be free; And yet, 'tis strange, I also may be found Along with animals that crawl the ground ; And, stranger still, you'll not forget, I beg, To verify my union with the egg ! And, strangest of all (nay, do not say " Tut !"), I claim a connection, too, with the nut I Still, I've not done: I'm a coffin as well; And also of music an instrument tell; And last, but not least, which brooks not omissicn, I'm used on the sea as dire ammunition. WALLIS AND O(JAns.A,. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or n or.ls.) Foundation iYords. 10.-'Tis seldom that a stanza I intone In anybody's praises but my own, But for once depart I from my general custom To sing the praises of a gallant pair Who grace our lists, and take the lion's share Of fighting, and as champions we can trust 'cm. Methinks in dim futurity I see Some volumes rare of primal's poetry, Delighting th.,usands with their wit and feeling, Lying side by side with Shakespeare's works, With final's, Shelley's, Walter Scott's and Bilake's. Now, don't be long these two young knights revealing. Cross Words. Witches in stories use this in their charms; And hermits have said it all sickuess disarms. Young Willie was running, and fell in the street, But a gentleman passing helped him to his feet. An emblem of England; a girl's Christian name; A beautiful flower, you'll find in the same. An Indian ruler-he's under our Queen; I daresay his picture you often have seen. This descends upon earth at the close of each day, But when night overshadows it hastens away. We've now come to sixth, and for that you must t uink Of a cheering, refreshing, and popular drink. A drop of salt water that never found home In the depths of the ocean, nor billowy foam. H. Gear. Foundation Words. 11.-The respite for a hundred 'prisoned boys- The second when they first with joyous noise. Cross Words. He who, of old, Goliath overthrew, The royal this is called by not a few. In Naples' streets, beneath a bright blue sky, They wander, or in shady porches lie. Herein contained are all our dearest friends, The sight of whom an aid to mem'ry lends. " Peace and goodwill to man " is oft applied When'er describing this gay festive tide. J. V. O'Coa:oICn. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word., 12.-This instrument, played by a master hand, Produces music solemn, sweet, and grand; Transpose with care, and I am sure that you Will see what weary sufferers often do. C.F. BI.AER, IamsgSte. CONUNDRUM. 13.-This riddle's simple, and to get Au answer's my desire; S, p:ense tell me when a fire can Be said to be no fire ? Ancuvn B.