RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.OMEGRAMS.
pgse the rst and last letters of a word to form another word.) 1,-Amid an elm tree's branches, Low bending to the stream, Whereon the sunlight dances With interlacent gleam, A modest linnet flutters His little wings in glee, And thrills the air surrounding With grateful melody. The earth is very pleasant, The skies are first and bright, And from the founts of nature lie draws a pure delight. But presently a cloudlet Its sterner frontage shows, And deeply, grimly frowning, Each moment denser grows, Till all the blue from heaven By inches disappears, And soon that swollen cloudlet Dissolves itself in tears. Ah, merry little linnet, Upon the elm .tree bough, Your song must cease its joy-notes, And tune to sorrow now. But, no, he flicks the raindrops From off his glossy wings; And nestling closer inward. His praise still sweetly sings. For life.is yet a May-dream, Though skies be overcast; And blest is he in knowing Such storm-clouds soon roll past. O sweet-voiced poet-mentor, Your lesson we will learn, And in the vale of sorrow Some next of light discern. When gloomy clouds o'ershadow-. In trouble's darkest days, We'll seek and feind some reason For gratitude and praise. AMY BOEHfMER. .--Farewell, days of flowers and sunshine, When the sweet white lilies grow; Farewell, nights of starry splendour When the soft, first breezes blew. Farewell, days of happy summer, Last the swallows will have fled; Even now the leaves are falling, And the fairest flowers are dead. Farewell, days of summer glory, Still of ye I fondly dream I Farewell days of--nelted butter, Oily cheese, and curdled cream! MAUDE R. DOUGLAS. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) S.-I sing the first of partnerships (Of literary ones, I mein), Such as you doubtless know exists 'Twixt Jennie Arthur and our queen. A very ancient proverb'says "Two heads are better far than one"; And this you see exemplified By David Gow and Harrington. Another saying trite observes That " Many hands make labour light" (And full of racy humour too), When Coulson and Adcock unite. Your observation has it struck P To me a curious look it wears, That when I walk the country lanes At eve, the folk seem all in pairs. And hence I reasonably infer, Even in the matter of a con., Or in a country walk at eve, That two are better far than one. Then can you wonder that I last My voice in first of partnerships ? Nay, rather wonder that I have So long in silence kept my lips I And I have also a confrere, Whose name I shan't leave you to guess; Know, then, I've formed a friendship dear Between myself and PATRICx 8. 4.-They wandered on amidst the wood- All lost and uninformed were they; Their childish shouts rang on the wood, And echoed on far, far away. At night they lay beside a brook, And soon were dreaming dreams of joy; The leaves from off the tall trees shook, Fell gently on the girl and boy. The nodding horror of the trees Alarmed them not as they lay there The b.nebells' scent came on the breeze, Which layed amoug their wavy hair. They climbed the banks at early morn, While yet the dew fell on the grass; And loudly sobbed they, all forlorn, And fasted long, lhis lad and lass. They kneow not where to find a way To first the meadows fair and wide; And one bright shining summer's day, They weeping laid them down and died. The sorrow.strieken robins came SAnd spread a robe of leaves next o'er: These were the lost sweet babes of fame, So well.beloved in childish lore. W. .KOuLEn. Camberwell 5.lYe knights that dare, and ladies fair, I've made my bow to you, you know ; In" l'ourney's", ring I try to sing-. That is. when they will let me, O. A knight am I, and " Ne'er say die" 1've taken for my maxim, 0; For nothing's first, and nothing's won Without next perseveres, you know. So I will fight with all my might, And do my best to win, you know; If I'm behind I'll bear in mind Improvement comes with study, O I So don't be hard on this poor bard, Although his cons. are weakly, 0; Aud do not smile, but wait awhile, And see what he can do, you know. F. ALLIhON, Winchester. OIEGRAM. Slt letter ord is chaned to form another word). 6.-A foreign title stands in view; And then appears a waqer true A place of rest comes forward, too; An insect for the fourth will doo; Accept this con., I flh of you; And now, dear Editor, adien. EVESIONDonorsy GLYNNE, I-l nlrdawd form" nnother word,) - 7.I am a word of letetrs six-- On ropes I'fallways bound; If yot will kindly sue reverse, Sgame will tuhan be found. , ,LEIDIIOLD,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 8.-There lies beneath the South Pacific seas A rare and beauteous maze of leafless trees, And scentless wintry bowers, Where rapturous water nymphs and happy elves Amidst the tangled growth disport themselves In moonlight's mystic hours. Cross Words. This little con. on hopeful wings is sent To find a primal in the " Tournament." This class of poem oft I see In our famous Y. F. P. My third's a fragrant garden flowver Which graces many a leafy bower. Fourth from the world the lonely hermit last In solitude, till life's long day is past. CLARA BOEHMER. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 9.-If you these primals read aright, A true knight's name they'll bring to light, Which on these pages long has been, Under his pleasing verses seen. Think of the knights of Y. F. P., And find out this one's name for me. Cross Words. A stretch of green In first is seen. A colour bright Here comes to sigh Some part of you Is now in view. A creature fleet In this we meet. A poet's name Well known to fame. Now, please to guess A word for yes. This bird of song You'll find ere long. For lace this town Has gained renown. From home to home These tribes will roam. In aid of right My last will fight. KATE F. ROYSTON. Foundation Word. 10.-Oh, sweet are the breezes that caress thy pillow And ruffle thy tresses, 0 child of the sea; When wooed by old Ocean you rest in his billow, And laugh at the kisses he showers on thee. Ah, kisses as warm as the sun when he hovers O'er some pleasant valley in blest Araby, Ye stir with thy passion the hearts of our lovers, And love's sweets were tasteless and cold without thee. Cross Words. In Fame's high temple would each seek a shelf Whereon to place an image of himself. Allah il Allah I The green flag is flying, And for their great leader the faithful are crying. The night.howl hoots in many a hall, That shared with thee thy rise and fall. Come hither, come hither, ye spirits that dwell By cool shining rivers, and weave me a spell, Land of the sun, whose sandal-wood groves And bowers of bloom the nightingale loves. Proud, slender-stemmed, and tall, Queen of the gardens all. E. A. CnoxA-, London. ENIGMA. 11.-My life has been all "ups and downs," For Fortune's a fickle old jade; I've seen both her smiles and her frowns As my journey through life I have made. My heart is like flint, without doubt, As perhaps you all know by this time; But if you have not found me out, I'll tell you my story in rhyme. My cradle was rosy and red, And I, a wee midget in white, Had just turned around in my bed, And had my first glimpse of the light, When a slatternly, snuffy old dame, A chattering she-pantaloon, To the spot where I lay quickly came, And knocked my poor head with a spoon I I grew to maturity quick (With pain you will read what did follow); A comrade once called my head-thick I Whilst another averred it was hollow. But I cared not a jot for their jeers Which might have caused trouble and strife, And I lived on in comfort for years And tasted the sweets of this life. But pleasure will oft get a check; A pitiless foe found my lair; He twisted a cord round my neck, And soon I was swinging inair. "I've suffered again and again, Through you, cruel monster," he said; "But now I am rid of the pain, So you'll hang by the neck till you're dead." So he swung me around and about- Of swinging I thought he'd ne'er tire; And lusty and loud was his shout, As he swung me at last in the fire; The flames sped around me in haste (I suffered though not mine the fault), Of my quality soon had a taste- And had it well flavoured with salt I G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. ANAGRAMS ON FAMOUS NOVELISTS. 12.-I took the brat to school and left him there, Under the kind and pleasant master's care. Ned sick? I did not know such was the.case; I thought to see him in his usual place. Yes, you nmay tarry at the Dancing Bear, And when I come back I will join you there. I took him to the place be wished to find, Then I came back, while he remained behind. Before the thing IfEid, and did not stop Till I in safety reached the village shop. No, I sae three men standing at the place; But of the three I only saw one face. We by a rope confined him to the room, And left him in his loneliness and gloom. IVAnHOE, Belfast. MONOPHONES. (Words of difflerent meaning. but the same in sound.) 13.--In calling a car one summer day, I shouted my first, alackaday; I caught the car and gave a jump, I went too second, and came down plump. C. F. BLACBUgRN. 14.-My first is that so often heard From little babies all; My last is that which they, too, need, When they succeed to crawl, GOMAHA YI.
ADDITION. 4Add a letter to the word chosen to make another word) 15.-I love the sunny presence of a child, For children's happy influence has grown Around my heart (that boy will drive me wild I Confound you I will you let the cat alone F) How sweet it is to see the winsome grace, To hear the mirthful shouts of girls and boys- Their voices seem like music in the place (You squalling imp, stop that infernal noise 1) It makes me feel a child myself again To watch their playful gambols, and I think Of days when (oh, it's driving me insane, You little wretch I you've upset all the ink I) How fondly doth the happy parent gaze On infant forms that yet know not the shock Of life's hard strife I how innocent their ways I (GreatJupiterl Young Tom has smashed the clock I) I sit and watch them 'neath my lattice play, And though the window of my first is shut, Methinks I hear their little voices say- (Jemima's tumbled in the water-butt!) low second are.the lads! I feel a tear Of joy arise! I feel my heart beat quick With pride paternal (eh I what's that I hear I " Your boy has smashed my winder with a brick I") Ah I happy childhood, 'twill soon pass, alack! So let them laugh while we old folks admire (Oh, this last straw has broke the camel's back I They've gone and set the summer house on fire !) F. R. CouLso# . CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ First. 16.-Down in sunny Devonshire, Through mead, and vale, and lea, Flows with never-ending song This river to the sea. Second. He who for his faith hath died, Has won this (shortened) name; He whose life is holy, pure, Will win it just the same. Third. 'Neath the Severn's stately stream This little fish doth swim; If you are a fisherman, You'll surely fish for him. Fourth. Home of our beloved queen, Her palace bright and grand; May she yet for many years Be spared to Old England. Whole. Charm reserved for leisure hours- A very charm indeed; A romance of a noble youth For young and old to read. CHRIsTELLA P. CHELM. 17.-My first is softer than an infant's hand, Or 'tie a county in fair Erin's land; My second is a very gentle blow, And kindly love, not anger, means to show; My third is built in fruitful autumn's prime, And serves the farm through winter's niggard time; My whole's an Irish town-the learned and good Have oft amongst its ancient buildings stood. Ireland's great saint was there, and knew it well; Oh, were he here, what wonders he could tell I DAISr. 18.-My first is just the same as mist; A cow has got my next; My whole is what they use on ships When with a first they're vext. ISHMAEL H. CLEARCHIOS. 1)O,-My first in winter you generally see; A Spanish title my second will be; Quick, or part of me will melt ere 'tis seen; My whole is a well-known mountain, I ween. E. J. RUSSELL, Lambeth. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-The sun looks in at the window, With his first and smiling face, To see if I am standing in My old, accustomed place. And he welcomes me with a bright, bright flash, That comes smiling down on a ray, And seems to say in his kindly style, " Good morning, young man, fine day I" And all day long as I'm working, He keeps a-peeping in, He doesn't next the noise we make, The hammering, clashing din; And I sing, sing, sing, with a happy heart, As the work goes rolling along, And the dear old sun, with his smiling face, Seems to join me in my song. And then, when my work is ended, He smiles me a glad good-night, And he goes away to his.bedroom, In a flood of golden light. And again next morning I take my stand In my fav'rite, accustomed place, Where the sun is sure to last me out With a smile upon his face. FLORENCE GARRnaD. 21.-An ancient hat, with brim all bruised and torn, Neglected on the dusty pavement lay- Perchance by some great man it had been worn; But times were changed. It had outlived its day, And no one raised it from the flagstone grey, O'er the old ruin to soliloquize; But one stout gentleman who came that way, Perceived, and viewed it with indignant eyes, And stood a moment mute with anger or surprise, Then opened wide the flood-gates of his wrath : "'Tis ever thus," he cried, in irate tone, "Unseemly things will still disgrace this path; Some rubbish daily by my gate is thrown "- But here the sentence ended in a groan, For here he forcibly applied his foot- Alas I the hat concealed a heavy stone, Which steadily received the rough salute; The beaten foe retired, in agony acute. While yet he groaned, and muttered with the first, And scarcely managed to suppress a yell A sudden, loud, and most unwelcome burst Of merry laughter on his ear there fell- Right blithely did the ringing chorus swell, Rising from youtbful breasts untouched by care, Yet did it not our hero's rage dispel; Like some old lion, startled in his lair, He cast his eyes around, with fierce, inquiring glare. Then he perceived the cause of that glad noise: Beholding, not far distant from the spot A group of beings, commonly called boys- He called them something else (no matter what), He knew himself the victim of a plot. Great was his anger, and his language high; But wozds are next, however fierce and hot; His fleet tormentors vanished from his eye, And soon in distance far, he heard their accents die. R. GLASGOW, Hall. 22.-On a teacup first espy: Lasfgives light when day flits by. AnomsiTrs.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 23.-The bud of poesy that grew Within my young heart's garden, By application's rain and dew Shall blossom yet, and harden. By cynic's breath the bud was tossed, And critics seemed to slight it; But though their comments fell like frost They had not power to blight it. So still, to pass away my time In evening's hours of leisure, I'll scribble down a page of rhyme, And find thereby a pleasure. - S. WooD. 24.-I strolled upon the hills one day, The sun was warm and bright. All nature seemed so sweet and gay Beneath the genial light. The birds sang sweetly on the trees A cheerful, happy song; The leaves were stirred by gentle breeze, Which sadly soughed along. A tiny stream rushed bubbling past, And murmured o'er its bed, Away to join the ocean vast, Which by these brooks is fed. Upon the trees the hawthorne bloomed, And spread a perfume round; And soon I thought 'twill all be doomed To lie once more ice-bound. I marvelled that the flow'rs should fade, And spring to life once more; And of the things which Nature's made On land, and sea, and shore. J. BODEn, Glasgow,. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 25.-There played'neath my window a wand'ring musician, So softly; A missile I hurled with amazing precision, So softly; Soon altered his tune, for he swore with great vigour, And I also spoke, for I called him a nigger, And vowed I'd have moved him if he'd been still bigger- So softly. He slowly retreated, but early next morning, So softly, He came with ten others, and I, wisdom scorning, So softly, Charged into their midst, and received a good hiding. Pray always remember first I am confiding, Be cautions next " grinders" are music providing So softly. J. STocxs, Lambeth, DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 26.-Alone he stands to vindicate his name,1 Before an enemy that scorns to bend, Bearing his king's reproach and all his shame, Pleading his cause without an honest friend. But eloquence is vain to pierce the wall Of stolid sternness compassing his foe; Deserted by his monarch, doomed to fall- No mortal hand can turn aside his woo. And yet a virtuous and unspotted life Stood on its trial; but ambition's pow'r Made him a leader in a nation's strife, And all was blasted in that dreadful hour. Cross Words. In idleness it should attention claim; Ending in bliss, continuing in shame. A weird signification of the fiend Who governs man in urging him to slay- Goddess of hatred born, by vengeance weaned, Who scatters blood along her horrid way. Some are like angels from a heavenly, place To soothe our cares and listen to our woes; Others bear mock'ry in their empty face, And are as fickle as the wind that blows. In whose deep fosses English sadliers lay, Wounded and dying, groaning in their pain; But forlorn hopes, led fearless to the fray, Obtained at last a hold-an awful gain. Far o'er the plain shine out the fitful gleams That tell the presence of opposing arms; Where in his silent tent the soldier dreams, Ready to wake when bugle call alarms. Bred in the dreadful slums where vice is king, And innocence and virtue quite unknown; Or callous-hearted, spurning everything That breathes of good, and loving bad alone. The tow'ring rocks of whitened chalk Are quite a charming evening walk; And slowly wand'ring on the sands, Watching the ebbing waves awhile, We note how gentle Nature's hands Has fortified our sea-girt isle. Some make a god of it and some despise it, Some well appreciate. some criticise it; And though it is a child of Nature truly, Of all her children 'tis the most unruly. 'Tis born with every child that enters life; But cleaving to the husband, leaves the wife. A. H. SCALES, PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 27.-A part of the day reverse, please, do, And the same it will appear to view. Nonkn M. TwoxEY, Cork,