RII)DLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS.
gri the first letter of a word. leavine another word.) Lm the first ray of morning illumines the sky, ¶beu .h5.ths0hts of rest to the wind, eji c. the press with their hearts beating high, 'dmre to oblivion consigned. A Oear wave oree in the strength of the breeze, Theb te lnces shine bright in the sun; Ohen may slink to the rear if he please, e' L otrest 5 e the victory's won." he nfront rest the front " is the high-sounding cry, Tajt i fovward with eagerness dash; dth yr of the strife, for the enemy's nigh, and the swords of the foremost men clash; a tha ond a shout is the battle begun- Wi1S0 foot, man to man, they engage; o0tesoft gr ssy ground ruddy streams of gore run, Tbe tempest of hate to assuage. ifrdthey ight on and on, and the dying and dead ' thM midst of the gory field lie, n the blood of the enemy's leader is shed, T hral they break, and then fly; ,shut rings afar o'er the mountain and vale, ITe shout of the victors who throng Their leaders in that stubborn conflict to hail, And echo their victory in song. Then the revels at night, when the wounds of the field Are forgot in the soul-stirring lay. And the mirth and the joy of the victors revealed, Who conquered their foes in that day; And bright are the eyes that on weary ones beam, To0greet them safe home from the fray; And gladness in hearts of them all reign supreme, Remembering that victory for aye. Ivinox, Belfast. 2,-If you find a boy's name, And that name you'll behead, I am certain that you'll find A colour left instead. H. CARTER. TRIPTICHES. ,Ustwo words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the sirs anld the first syllable of the second,. Triptich. 3,-Learning gives to the divine Power to robe in beauty Sacred lessons, ev'ry line, The pleading voice of duty. First Word. Accunqulating, seldom spending What he'll one day give another; Borrowing, hoarding, rarely lending Lucre to a weary brother. Second Word. Covet not his post-'tis ever Burdened with much heavy care; If your lot be humble, never Let such thoughts thy heart ensnare. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. Triptich. ,-An attribute is this, whose influence benign Has blessed the earth since e'er the world began; Its store is inexhaustible, its source divine, And sad without it were the lot of man. First Word. Since chaos fled, I've ushered in the dawn of day, And heralded the near approach of night; Iquickly flit before great Sol's all-powerful ray, Unable to exist in his fierce flight. Second Word. A wild, tempestuous gale, a hissing rush of rain, Amass of inky cloud, a flash, a roar; Now, God protect all those who sail the raging main, And bring them safely out of this to shore. K. BLOUNT, Reading. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-While the sap is slightly starting, And the summer time's departing, While just the slightest verdure is preparing to emerge, The musings of the maiden Are with summer pleasures laden, With the swinging of the hammock and the sounding of the surge. She judges twilight flirting An amusement most diverting, With its foolish conversation which young ladies love to tell; With the evening sun descending, She delights to watch the blending Of the verdure of the landscape with the verdure of the sell. Her fancy dwells with flowers In the shade of pleasant bowers, Where the fairy.footed summer winds most opportunely When the hedges and the brambles Shall suggest romantic rambles Through he old 1)rudic woodland, or the pages of "Lucille ." SoMITH, Fulham. ,-PFor long I've deserted the " Tourney," For long I've deserted this page ; 'Tis weeks since a poem was printed From the pen of this eminent sage. But still I've no thought of deserting For ever this wonderful band; The fame of whose talented writers Is spread through the breadth of the land. Thore's the truly poetical Scotchman, Whose name I will not pun on now: I did in reply to his challenge Some months ago, didn't I, Gow P Sen the merry and talented lady lho owns the position of queen (I don't mean the lady who's causing The word "Jubilee" to be seen) ; And also Colonna "O'Drenon " (Quite Irish, you know, one would think)- We might very aptly surname him, Th wxt "Tourney" writers, the "Link." Thre's a friend who in MIanchester liveth T always should glad be to see. 'Tisn't fair that I shouldn't see you, boys, Syou, though at distance, see me. o, come don't be hiding the next time. Leemember the words that I say, Let us speak, though it be but " Good evening," Or, if in the day-time, " Good day !" T. RoTTON, Burnley. iChan1e l DOUBLE OMEGRAM. e the o last letters of a word, to form another word.) Youll find that ev'ry healthy boy This hearty sport will much enjoy. Some orators, I'm bound to say, Of nest are guilty every day, If you are third in aught you do, The sad results you'll often rue. e feel its influence and power Wbisf11sj the soft, refreshing shower. Whenlond thbwinds ild waters rave, The sailor's life I often save. C. F. Baitwara, Wood Green.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The flnalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words. Foundation Words. 8.-And this is where I oft have longed to linger, And now the time hat.h come, and here I stand Before the pile to which tradition's finger Doth point as a memorial in the land. These massive gates for centuries unaltered " Have closed on aching scenes of grief and strife; How many hearts, unjustly wrung, have faltered On parting here from liberty and life ! Armorial relies of a bygone glory, Historic figures in a gallant train, Each holds for me an individual story, And realizes ancient days again. Cross Words. This, without fail, Is the cause of a gale. Though schooling days are past and gone, A problem will I give to you: Though one and one amount to two, Yet two of these make one I 'Tis wicked and wrong, and all I can say, If you would shun sorrow, keep out of its way. Whate'er I allude to, there's really no doubt I'll be in the plural; so please find me out. No sorrow or trouble am I, Yet I make you cry I I am heard, but I never am seen- I am colourless, too; Since the world was created I've been, And am known well to you. Oh, glittering city, thy store is so wondrously bright; A few of thy riches would fill many hearts with delight. There are inany thousands daily going recklessly to this; There are thousands swaying slowly o'er the horrible abyss,. Vice and crime its two abettors; Weakly mortals are its debtors. AMY AND MARION. Foundation Words. 9.-Immortal bard, whose tales of ancient lore Re.echo through each heart as tales have never done before; So true, each varied meaning, and how clear They picture thee, whom Englishmen revere. And thou, perhaps, the noblest of thy race Whose every word bespeaks a fresh, sweet grace; The richest treasures thou hast left to men The truest themes supplied by human pen. Cross Words. My first is found beside the wave ; This is a man good, true, and brave; If you should fail, then try my next; Fourth with a kingdom's throne is blest; Fifth round a lady's neck you'll find, And sixth is just what suits my mind; Seventh is a kind of fish, you'll see; Eighth helps to make new boots for me; 1Ninth is my eldest brother's name; And last in all is just the same. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word. leaving another word,) 10.-The other day I paced the street, Commenting on my woes, When by the way I chanced to meet A second with first nose. I gazed into his vacant face And smiled, and he at me; I said, " My friend, in this sad place What is amusing thee P" " Your pardon, sir l though 'tis a sin To look and laugh at thee; But why, sir, is it you begin To look and laugh at me P" "I cannot help it, sir," I said, " For these convulsive throes, You may consider me ill-bred, That I laugh at thy nose." At that he laughed, and in my face He pointed fingers two- " My friend, we are of noble race, For thine is lengthy, too." We then shook hands with fervour strong, Nor longer thought of woes, As side by side we walked along, Proud of our race and nose I H. Cox, Birkenhead. META-OMEGRAMS. (Chnnge the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 11.-Tom Wheeler was a cyclist bold, A rider great was he; 'Tis said he rode from College Green To Bogy Ballosie. Many a hamlet round about Dear dirty Dublin town First seen Tom Wheeler quickly go Their ill-kept streets adown. His fame was known in Balbriggan, Dundalk had seen him, too; Howth, Skerries, Bray, and Booterstown Full oft had he flashed through. Ah I one next " scorching" near North Wall, He could not stop in time, So thought he'd make acquaintance with The Liffy's pleasant slime. Alack-a-day, we have not one To take that cyclist's place- There's not a man in Dublin town Can go at Wheeler's pace. I. CLEARCHOS. 12.-They come through the night on the wings of sleep, Newly woven from Fancy's loom, When over our eyes the shadows creep, And all still as the silent tomb: Beautiful dreams which can ne'er come true, How oft they stir up an old regret, Or bring once more to our longing view Scenes from the past we would fain forget ! Sometimes in first pleasant dreams we see Faces of friends who have " gone before;" Ah, well, we know in the life to be We shall meet, and part from them nevermore. Dreams are last visions which come and go, Fading away when the night is o'er; But often I think they are sent to show Sad hearts glimpses of joys in store. LILIAN M. DOUGLAS, Bloomsbury. CURTAIL MENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 13.-Why does my Lord of Glendower frown? Why the hall paces he up and down P Why does he mutter, Curse, groau, first stutter, All in a flutter Of rage ? Why does the butler pale and quake, Why do the maids in their terror shake The page ? Oh, why is my lord thus boiling with passion P His oaths are profuse (though swearing's the fashion); Maids, butler, and small Page and footmen tall, Secure from the squall, Thus question. With last roar antl'loud hiss, Comes seconld answer-'tis this: "Indigestion I? A. J. Dicesoss, Liverpool.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 14.---Jim Bowler went to school one day, As he had done before, And, just in time to be too late, He reached the schoolhouse door. The master gave poor Jim the rod- The rod quite freely bent- So Jim right quickly took his hook, And then a-fishing went. He'd often been behind before, And often he'd been tanned ; But when it hurt him to sit down, 'Twas more than he could stand. He hooked his bait to bait his hook, And then, with face benign, He dried his eyes, and wet his feet, And calmly cast his line. And as he stood with rod in hand, To lure the finny kind, A lively little Irish bull Attacked him from behind. Now Jim was just as brave a lad As lad could wish to be, So by the horns he seized the bull, And then-went up a tree. And from the branches of that tree Jim Bowler vengeance vowed, But, though that bull heard all he said, That bull. would not be cowed. At night poor Jim went slowly home With heart and trousers torn, And oft regretted there that he Had been so highly borne. PInLO, Glasgow. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) MUSA SPEAKS: 15.-When all the world with ignorance was dark, And man with man in constant warfare strove, There came from heav'n a tiny, fragile spark That lit the very coldest frst with love; 'Twas poetry, and all were lured to hark. This spark, this glowing flame, was Heaven-sent, But by divine command was sent through me; And when I saw the ecstasy it lent, I gloried in and loved that high decree Which gave me powers I long on next have spent. Yet though my music myriad bosoms thrilled, As ages passed some spirits shrank away; And soon-too soon-my fairest treasures filled The hearts of but a few; the rest would stray To other joys, and leave me as they willed. But you, 0 cherished band, who in this night Of worldliness still listen to my voice, In all your dreams and fancies I delight, Your sorrows pity, in your love rejoice, And Heaven itself shall guide your steps aright. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 16.-Upon the golden-sanded beach I'm seeking in. spiration, Mliy pencil ready in my hand, my note-book by my side, Determined now to win our famous "Tourney's" ad- miration, By writing something to which e'en first place won't be denied. Upon the fast incoming tide the genial sun is beaming, His rays first sporting with the waves that gently kiss the shore; The ozone-laden breezes bear the ocean's murmur, seeming To whisper- "Fine fresh 'ysters, on'y wan-an-ten a score I" 'Twas not the winds that whispered that-no, 'twas a grimy fellow Who loudly bawled it in my next, and put to flight my muse ; I didn't buy; and soon the man had left me-but to bellow Again in some poor mortal's ear. Alas I it was no use To think of writing any more, for as I was resuming And had again just comfortably settled to my task, I saw with dread a periwinkle-vendor t'wards me eomine, And " Was I wanting any," he'd the impudence to ask I Well, well I I'd had about enough, if that were in- spiration- Far easier 'twas to write at home, though in a noisy town; So, quickly shutting up my book, and lost in medita- tion, I slowly sauntered from the beach, my brow bent in a frown. 'Twas well I did, for now drew nigh a troop of strolling niggers, And as the steps that led up the sea.wall I mounted, lo I Upon the spot I'd left, a man put down a box of "figures," While he proceeded to erect a Punch and Judy show I A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. 17.-She came when the swallows came over And built their nests under the eaves, And stayed at our farmhouse at Dover Till autumn turned brown all the leaves. She found at our farm an attraction (My brother that was, be it said); She loved, and there came no reaction As time travelled over her head. She snared him-the pert little fairy- He kissed her when no one was nigh; He helped her-to churn in the dairy, And learned her the true lover's sigh. At nothing they always were laughing- Atfirst, that was what I believed; And though I tried coaxing and chaffing, By them I was not undeceived. At even they always were missing, Nor could I their whereabouts tell, 'Till once I discovered them kissing And cooing like doves-in the dell. I thought I would play the eavesdropper-- Alas I what I learned was not mucn; A kiss to each word was a stopper, And what I did hear was pure Dutch. He stroked her nose ever so gently. His leg and arm slyly she pinched; And as I gazed at them intently, My former opinion was clinched. It is my opinion that Cupid, With all his wiles, arrows, and bow, Endeavours to make people stupid, And oft is successful, you know. If what I saw people call courting, If what I saw lovers call bliss, 'Twould take a great deal of exhorting To get me to nex. the first kiss. W. KOILE.R, VERBAL CHARADE, (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 18.-One.fourth of jail, One.fourth of male, And then one.fifth of dress; One.fourth of tape, One-fourth of cape, And then one.ifth opress. If you guess what this riddle's about, You'll find-well, a fool, I have no doubt, F. orley, Camden T'I'own.
NAREATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 19.-I must thank you, Nellie Watson, for your excellent suggestion That our Belfast knight should marry me; but I would ask a question: Do you think that gallant knight would feel so very much elated If he thought that on some future day to Queenie he'd be mated ? And I could not go to Belfast, for I do not like the notion Of a most unpleasant voyage in a steamer on the ocean. I must admit, dear Nellie, that I feel quite complimented, And with a knight so clever I should really feel con. tented; But I know I should not suit him, for I'm neither wise nor witty. And even my most partial friends declare I am not pretty. And so you must console yourself with pairing riddlers clever, And to give my hearty wishes to them all I will en- deavour. To think of matrimony makes my heart go pitter-patter, But I know it is quite useless, so it really doesn't matter. QUEENIE, Chester. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after eahob operation.) 20.-The grandest music ever heard, l'm not afraid to say, My first, if you perceive aright, Will very soon display; And if you do with care transpose, There's no mistake it will disclose What many folks would surely be, If they a ghost could only see. And if you would with care behead, And also it curtail, You may depend that in its stead Ybu'd very quickly hail What makes the world so full of woe To many mortals here below, And drives a smile from off the face, To which 'twould add a double grace. And if you would transpose again- With care it must be done- Then you shall see so clear and plain What I have never won. It is a most exciting thing, And does a lot of honour bring To those who run it with success, As you assuredly may guess. And lastly I will you advise, And very humbly, too, That you should once again transpose, When surely you shall view A measure which, I understand, Is only used to measure land. And wishing you a happy time, I now with pleasure end my rhyme. Puckl, Ballymena. 21.-Now, riddlers true, I hope that you will give atten. tivre ear, While I propound with phiz profound my list of queries queer; And first-now, mind, if you're inclined to read this con. aright, The answer lies before your eyes in plainest black and white. Take out its heart, and then a part of you it will disclose; 'Tis often used, when we're abused, for striking heavy blows. If you do next when hearing's vexed, and you would something learn, It will apprise you of the noise, or what you would discern. With care transpose, which quickly shows a word you often use In showing aught that you have bought, or that which you would choose. And now take heed as we proceed in mystic riddling maze, Whilst I present, with good intent, my last before your gaze. My fourth behead, and, lo ! instead of that which you did see, You'll quickly find, well brought to mind, a word of letters three; A pronoun 'tis, which rhymes to quiz-the answer now is plain, So farewell, friends, till fate intends that we should meet again. A. BUTLER, Birmiugham. 22.-My whole a heavenly body is; Curtail, a tool you'll view ; Curtail again, what architects make Is quickly shown to you; Behead me, now my tail replace, And I'm seen in another place. A. A. DYKES, Southampton. 23.-Whole, I mean quick, and not to lag behind; Behead, curtail, a tomboy you will find. LITILE Bo-PEEP. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundalioa Word. 24.-A little bird whispered to me, " Spell Foonoolican, please, with a T.' I answered, " Now, how can that be ?" But I spelled as below you may see. Cross Words. In the water these are leaping; In the " Tourney" place she's keeping; "Alas, poor third!"-he's soundly sleeping; Daughter's doings set hiu weeping; These, when wild, don't pay for reaping; These in hedgerows now are peeping. MAnEInA.