Our friend, CHILD oF THE SUN, to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CIIAR \DE. No. 1. They stood upon the shore-a lovely pair- And gazed alternately upon each other; He scanned her visage 'twasdivluely fair-- Ad murmurr d." .\o. I'll never love anotherl'!" And to appease the unture of hi grief He utilized his peok, t-handkerchief. 'Twas over thus1 The love-bemnddled swain Was now depart'ng for a loreign land And might not soe tile loved onlle rs e again Until his own felt Agl.'s bhary hunl. Far from the lIved the yo .th wit' pa-.s ng now, And herce the solemn sadesa I hi .l Ii,'.W The fair one looked despondent % Ihat t thatl) And aniftlested spletl'd resign ti u; Her agony was slient, save thle pit Of her feood heart--exprr.s.ve pi:t pttationt But oh I her adl'ratilo coulll iun t tlhd Expression save in sighs and gir llLes kind. "And must I leave thee, te' de 1est I" i.e cried. "Oh. crue. F e toi tear mi I.I thusrii LhSee! The idol of my heirt. my hlfi.. Ui ',,le Ahi verily t, is In tol) much or in. 1I" A -ad conuvulsive sab abunda;lt toar-- He had nut shed such quantities for years; "Take this, and first it for my seconld." he Obherved. with stifled angiuish n his t ,ne; And handed her a-n-ver rind--whlich she Submitted to her procket with a groan ; And thein, bene.rth her agonizing woe, She wept aloud, and heaved a bigh or so. And so they parted ; and the good ship bore The love Ick wainll across the swelling sea. He left his heart upon his native shore. And gazed to . irds it ott and hungrily; And she, poor maid I beside hier br-olal fair My total placed, to treasure always there. CHILD OF THE SUN. ACROSTIO. N o. 2. Foundation Word. My primals, rightly read by you, Will bring a soldier brave to view- One who d d fall amid the fray, But lived to know he'd won the day. Cross Worits. Here is a soldier true and brave, That led his gallalnt men Against the Frenchmen years ago, O'er mountain, hill and loen. Next is a fruit. I love it much, It's liked 1 know by you, You'll find that It in Spain abounds: Please bring the name to view. I heard this bird once sweetly sing, Whin out one summer d ,y; But closely I a. pro ched to it, And then it flow away. A foreign country please now find, It's name you know q slie well; My last an Eiglish title is; bo, riddlers dear, farewell. SILVERSTAB. LOGOGRIPH. No. S. This means to frequenI , a you'll find Behead, a relation is left beh id ; Behead. transpose, and if dire right, A measure for wine 'twill bring to light. J. TROWSDAL. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. From what means to succeed Take the cent re away, And then ihe rem:ainder What is right will display. FLossi B., Manchester. CURTAILMENT. No. 6. 'Twill take twelve things the whole to constitute; But what is this ? 'I hat truthful declaration Had made you seem to be stone statues mute, But for the incoherent exclamation. Yet true it is. though 'twould not so appear; But so to be I do proceed to prove it. The tall-the tail, I say-yeo doubters, hear ! The tail, I do but ask you to remove it. Reposing in his chair, John Bull, Esquire, I be port and sherry by him on the table, Will take it when he feels it his desire. For, favoured mortall Fortune's made him able. T. L. iEMisRY, CHARADE. No 6. Young Folks. my first's a s'mple Latin word, Which, I daresay, y u've very often heard; It is composed of letters onl, three, The centre one of which you'll find is E; But for your further guidance, I will tell That backwards a material 'twill spell. A country situ to on Bengal Bay Curtailed with care, my second 'twill displays My whole will show a country of the East, Which, though once str ug, is now per haps the least, "How are the m ghty fallen I" I might say, When speaking of this country. Now. good-day. I hope that some amusement you will find In this; if not, make criticism kind. F. W. BINSTEAD. TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. Transpose a metal for weight well Irno. A useful wood will then be shown. - VEOlN.
ENIGMA. No. 8. I differ in shape, and in colour and size, And am made to assist in the use of your eyes By helping your vision in darkness of night, When your room is depriv'd of the sun's precious light. I'm sure I am dutiful, play you no trick, And yet you apply that most terrible stick; I own I make lirht of your labour completed : But do you not think I'm most dreadfully treated ? For, though'tis through me you've been getting about, You remain in the ro m, while I am put out; But doubtless you know that this action undone, If left to myself I should certainly run. WAL KIMProl{. REBUS. No. 9, MAGGIE DICKINSON, Formby. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 10.-1. As she crossed over the bridge she felL 2. He bathes in the pool every day. 3. The mayor kissed his wife, 4. On Christmas Eve nice plays were acted. 5. I his girl is bonnet-maker to the establishment. 6. England imports articles from every country. 7. Flora has seven fat hens. 8. This lumber never is cleared away. 9. Oh, Tom, skating is very dangerousl 10. One tun is equal to twohundred and fifty-two gallons. 11. An iceberg entered the harbour.- MARGARET AND JOHN GREEN. OMEGRAM, No. 11 Four short words are hidden below I When the first you guess, Change tail three times: the answer then Is found, you will confess. A poet or a minstrel this; Part of a tree is next, I wis; This for a title is short, you know; And last part of a fish-hook will show. LOTTIE W., Brighton. DECAPITATION. No. 12. A boy's name, riddlers, please behead, And make a colour of 't instead : Behead once more,and you will see One who compiles the " Y. F. B." HAL PALMER. REBUS. No. 13.
T. SUTTON. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 14. My whole, I know, will be a word That means lax or unbound ; The centre take, and then, I'm sure, What means to equander's found. A. H. SOALES. No. 15. One day, I in the pond did roll, Which surely was a sudden whole; I scrambled out with fear's emotion, Wet as a dolphin in the ocean. Then homeward sped-was sent to bed, A cold fast Fettling in my head; If from the whole the centre's cleft, You'll have the thing our doctor left. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-PFuness. METAGRAM. No. 16. What's done in the oven if you will ohange head, A gardener's tool it will show; But again change the head, and then you will see What you do in the morning, I know. A NEW ZEALAINDER.
CENTRAL ACROSTIC No. 17. Foundation Word. List, boys and girls, to what I say, And take it in good part, Nor take offnce at my advice; 1 give it from my heart. Keep always in the path of Truth, And scorn to tell a lie; Be upright, fit m; don't say you "can't"- 'Tis easy when you try. Be jolly, bright, good-natured, kind, And always do the right; You'll ne'er get on if you are not What centrals bring to sight. Cross Words. A naughty boy, named Jemmy Bond, Once fell into a dirty pond; A miserable thing looked he, And very this indeed to see. But what he thought of it i cannot say; I don't suppose 'twas comfortable-eh ? It comes in winter, do not doubt it; Winter does not come without it. A river in Scotland in this you will find, So pray do your utmost to call it to mind. If you read well our Tournament, You cannot fail to see The name of this f med Budgetier, Well known to you and me. It comes once a year, This time of good cheer; Oh, then for the frolic and fun I 'Tis welcomed by all, By great and by small, And I'm sure it is hated by none. A great many people for want of it die, And many for having too much of it, too For all that I say, and I know it is true. That we can't do without it ; so now, friends, good-bye FRED TAYLOR. METAGRAM. No. 18. An animal, if you change head, An English town is seen instead Again change head. and if you're rilght What is correct will come to sight. Once more, young friends, alt. r its head, You'll nave a kind of meat instead; Once more if it is changed by you, 'Twill bring a kind of fowl to view. J. TROWSDALE. DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 19. If you will read my centrals down, And crossways also, then, I ween, A thing that's used by sailors when On board their vessels will be seen. First is a consonant, you'll find In ev'rything 'tis seen, you know ; Next in the kitchen wi 1 be found; And third's the young of sheep, I trow, My fourth to weary mariners A truly welcome s ght must be; A stream of water fifth denotes; In winter, sixth I love to see. Another consonant please write For next-you'll find it in remake; The puzzle ends, pray find it out; My leave of you, dear friends, I'll take. E. BAXTER. No. 20. One-third of sin will this begin; Second may be wood or tin; A poet's nume, well known to fame, Is third-no doubt you'll find the same; Another bard,'twill not be hard To find his name w thout reward; Again may you a poet view For fifth, whose works are good and true; My sixth's a poet, his name I know it, No doubt you soon will find and show it; The above, 'tis seen, seventh, eighth have been, Though gone, their names are ever green; Not to extend, on. -fourth of lend Will bring this diamond to an end. My centrals found, across and down Will name two poets of renown. J. MYERS, DaltOnnin-Furness. DECAPITATION. No. 21 To reprimand, scold, or reprove, If of first letter routed, What signifies to conceal or screen You'll find is substituted. J. T. H., Sheffield Park. CENTRAL DELE' ION. No 22. Take centre from a word which means To veer from line direct, Then tell me it a fault is seen, Or is it a -. J. MYERs. Dalton-in.Furness. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Mat-tress. 11.-'Tis a wearisome race 2.-Good health. Th us : changing shadows to chase. Green, Overhead, Oak, 12.-Dorchester. Dark, Hasten, Enter, 13.-Teose, ease, sea. Accelerate, Latch, Tabby- 14.-Solo, sloe cat, Homewards. 15.-TakeTime bythe forelock 3.- File, Nile, mile, pile. 16.-Orange, peach, melon, 4.-Oscar. scar, car. lemon, raisin. 3.- Venice, Nice, i0e. 17.-Manager, manger. 6.-Tenet. 18.-Flash, flare, flake, flame, 7.-Steam, meat, mate, mat, flank, flask. cat, bat. 19.- R 0 S E 8--Drought, brought. 0 N L Y 9.-Cat, rat, mat, hat. S L 0 I 10.-Cork, fork, York. E Y E S 20.- Musio hath charms to smooth the path of life, To turn our thoughts from earthly care and strife, To lull the weary and the sick to rest, And to delight and soothe the savage breast,