RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.)
1.-'- My friend." Those simple words a charm Have to my ear; to warm my heart A potent power, too, they lend. Life's road to travel arm-in-arm, When but to meet again we part, For this I greet you, friend-my friend I But if it is decreed we part, I'd love you first, and ever shall, No matter what the fates may send. The warmest corner of my heart I would reserve, wherein to swell The mem'ries fond of you, my friend. And if I should survive you, I Would deeply grieve, but I should feel That you were by me last the end; Your spirit I should feel was nigh When purest thoughts should o'er me steal, And I should love you still, my friend I W. J. Saatnia . OIMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 2.-When the sunbeams gleam On the sparkling stream, And the wavelets rippling flow In a rhythmic chime To the metre of Time, Far away to the sea below, The poet's heartisjubilant with the joy that poets know, And sweet fancies glide on the soul's swift tide Out in verse to the world below. When the stars of night Shed their lustre bright, And the queenly moon rides high, And each rustling leaf Seems to whisper some grief To the breeze that goes shiveriug by- When the spirits dear of the loved and lost seem hover- ing sadly nigh, A soft sweet rest fills the poet's breast, and earth's wild passions die. Oh, ye primal fates By the mist-bound gates Of the Future's nuknown land, With hope and f, ar, With smile and tear, We puppets of Destiny stand. But could I shape my life's own course 'twould be with last in hand- 'Twould be with song to enthral the throng, For the poet's life is grand ! F. R. Coutso. 3.-In a woodland dell Was the gipsy camp erected, And the moonbeams fell On the men and maids collected Round a stranger dark and ta:l., Who had laong ingly agreed To have first fortune told. And the pretty maidens all Dance in glee to see next heed The wonders they unfold. So happy and gay, Free fronl sorrow and care, Like a bright, winsome fay Whom no grief cnu impair- The sweetest of girls, With lips of bright red, And a crown of dars curls Adorning her head ; Her eyes solt and brown, Her skin dark and clear, In city or town, With peasant or peer, None so enchanting and sweet could be seen As that beautiful monarch, the young Gipsy Queen. In a moonlit glade, Where the air with perfume's laden, Linger in the shade That stranger and the gipsy maiden. He has had his fortune told By the weird and mystic light Of the stars above. But 'tis his turn now t' unfold To that sweet maiden, gay and bright, A simple tale of love. EVELINE C. GRAY. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transpesed, and form another word in the narrative.) 4.-Some few years since, when I was but A lad at school, who had to wear A most insipid jacket, cut Without a Ilourish anywhere, I kept, with diligence and care, A "private diary." Each day With truthfulness I entered there Accounts of pranks and frolics gay. Some few hours since I found the book 'Mongst long forgotten rubbish cast, And thought that I should like to look And see how happy boyhood pass'd. But when a cosy chair I took, And travelled through that hazy mass, My head regretfully I shook, And sighed, " I must have been an ass !" H. C. PRIcE, Southwark. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decspltat'on, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 5.-A monster of the deep, I range Until I lose my head, And then to next and hearty change, Instead of being dead. A pleasant char cc for me, indeed, For third I like full well; But now transpose that kind of mead, 'Twill be a field or dell. ROBERTUS. CHARADE. (Pormne on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 6.-'Twill by all be admitted Who've e'er seen men pitted Against one another in fight- Spite o' what poets sing- That my first is a thing In which there should be no delight. Now we come to my next (And pray don't get vexed, For shortly my tale will be told) : In this you will sight What's essential to light In a candle. Now, whole I'll unfold. My whole's, then, a man Once mightier than A king of all royal degree In hist'ry, friends kind, His name you will find. Good-bye I From your own, E. C. T. E. C. TUnxRIDea. - METAGRAM1. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-TIn first, I'm sure, you've often read Of heroes great who fought and bled. He from me next my darling bride- My bride so fearless, true, and tried. Grace in her every third and act; His true love nothing lovely lacked. A bird is last-he is not white, Bat dark as darkest time of night. J. Md. KET. DELETION. /Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.l 8.--My first in gardens oft is seen; If you a letter take away, What means to marry then, I ween, You'll see, Now, riddling bards, good day. C, M'DONNELL, Bray,
HISTORICAL ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words,) Foundation Word. 9.-In a barbarous, dark, and tumultuous age, When the nation was filled with contention and strife, Lived this pious and talented sch0lar and sage, Who devoted to study the most of his lire. In the quiet and peace of his sacred retreat, He dictated his works to the friends by his side, And as the last words of his wonderful feat Were uttered, he sank back and peacefully died. Cross Words. A weak-spirited king of the Scots, who, we know, L ost his crown in the wars of our first Edward's reign. F rom her home was this queen, in dire sorrow and woe, R elentlessly driven, and forced to remain E riled and banished from all she held dear. D isfigured with scars from a hot iron brand, T he unfortunate lady escaped, but when near H er kindred and friends in her own native land, E nconntered her foes, and was cruelly slain. G rief for the loss of his beautiful queen R out the heart of her husband and saddened his reign. E nough have I said. In my third will be seen A cruel monk, to whom all this great trouble we trace T he afore.mentioned king for my fourth kindly place. Amy BOEHMIER, Shorncliff,. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word., 10.-Long had young Silas Shimmer's bent For writing puzzled us (We knew not then the "Tournament "), Till he explained it thus: " The part I put my pennon is The 'Tournament,' where we Fight in the lists-two lists of this Bold band of knights you see. " My pen's the lance, but if to like That simile you fail, Why, wit's the lance with which I strike; The post's of course the snual. "And." punningly continued lie, " My pen would be my plu.ne; The Ed. is at the holm, you see, Or so we may assume. " And in this fight Peglsns, not Olympus, is our mount." And talking thus, his puns soon got Too numerous to count. And we, though blessed with p tience quite Exemplary, at last Precipitately took to flight, Whereat he stood aghast. D. G. Ilot.ts. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transp' ., ae letters in a word to form another word.) 11.-We wandered through a primal fair, And viewed the flowers which blossomed there, While, as we slowly walked along, We listened to a lark's sweet song. " Look, there's a flock of geese !" cried M y. We watched them as they made their way Towards a pond which lay quite near, A fat next bringing up the rear. A piercing shriek burst on my ear, And then a lady did appear, Who cried, " My child is in great la-t I Oh, save him, for he's drowning fast!" S. W. HAE i.s, Worcester. 12.-Oh, list to me, kind friends, and I'll assume A poet's first, and trust you'll give me room: Great praise to our dear Ed. I'm sure is due, For Young Folts has delight' d not a few. And in the " Tournament," oh, what a chance For youth ambitious to take up the lance, Or, speaking plain, the pen, and with their skill To write diet tion from the brain, until The poem is complete I And what a caper Do many cut, if in their fav'rite paper They find their efforts with success are crowned ! And some of last I oftentimes have found, Whose praises, too, so ably have been sang, That no attempt I'll make with my slow tongue. So hoping that I have not troubled you, With my best bow I'll bid you all adieun. ARCHER B. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 13.-Oh, riddlers, just hearken i a long time I've wanted T' enlist in your honoured atd unrivalled band ; I have suffered rebuffs, baut I'm not to be daunted, So take up my pen to the subject in hand. A curious adventure last evening befell me- A jolly adventure, delightful, you'll see; And when you have heard it, dear riddlers, just tell me If in this particular you don't agree. I suddenly found myself in a large hall, and On glancing around, to my joy and delight, I discovered Tom Storr, Adcock, Hamilton, Shaul, and, In fact, all our riddlers I knew at first sight. But chief of them all, on a high throne I found him, So happy and pleased, our dear, smiling old Ed., With a group of young people all clustering round him, Striving to see him and hear what was said. There was one group I noticed-De Bear, Coulson, Boebmer, Price, Pickering, Binstead, M. Harnett and Troy; I thought, with a pang, it must be a bright dream, or Some beautiful vision of gladness and joy. Then our jolly friends, Sharman and Spotstroke, were joking, And keeping a first of old friends in a roar, Each witty reply and smart saying provoking A laugh which kept up for five minutes or more. At a splendid piano J. Toplift was seated, Entertaining his audience with self-compesed song; While below J. P. Harrington ably repeated His poetry to an admiring throng. Farther on I met Vanderpump, Wallis, Holmes, RIoorer, M'Coll, Philo, Veuto, Hayes, Banks, Arener B., T. P. Dotchon, Agrippa, Horatius, and Cooper, AU chatting and laughing in infinite glee. Then I saw some young ladies conversing together, Miss Taylor, Miss Coulson, Diana O'D. I concluded they were not " discussing the weather" From their lo.ks of enjoyment and bright gaiety. There were also my sister, and Miss Lottie W., blis. Boehmer, and many young riddlers of yore. Bat this group held so many that I must not trouble you With naming them all, or, in fact, any more. Looking over a second of Young Folks were Geran, H. Graham, F. Ridley, T. Kitchner, and Scales. From where I was standing alone I could hear an Occasional comment on poems and tales. But, there ! if I stopped the whole concourseto mention. I wouldn't have done by the dawning of day- In fact, when I started I had no intention Of dragging the narrative out in this way. So farewell I But ere I withdraw from my station There's one thing I'd like to impress upon you: Next time there's a primal, a kind invitation Please send to "Yours truly"in Folkestone. Adieol H. Ga.., Folkestone. CONUNDRUM. 14.-Now, riddlers, what little town In Ireland has a name That backwards spelt, or forwards, Still always reads the same ? F-rz, Dungarvan.