l{IDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGR.S.
(lsetoletterof a word Is hann.ed to form another word.) Thee . .d ur. verses, tercian, read them o'er and 0o'er a ess to deny it, you have caused me deepest Ppiowe to dearest Nellie, who has spoken in my eaust heles, Sir Robert, Ivanhoe, who scorn the sd make for your own comfort; and a meed of to~n tend ", Parker for the kindly aid they lend, oto othne r o friendly love gleam like a sun across my iad grown so grey and gloomy, and have spurred g ag in bygone ages, came a child, and lingered, lis. Steing merry music of the bards in armour glisten. 0 the merry, i sg dreamed such wondrous dreams beneath the STorney's' gic spell, or herdeals of the singers, till she grew to love theyears rolled swiftly onward, and the child a maiden igre, still amid the primal, wishing she could join theta, too; ad oe .morn. the goddess Thalia touched her lightly with her wing, hspriag words of hope and comfort, bade her raise her voice and sing. frigd dercian, words seem useless were I now tp try aid speak the joy sle found in singing, though her voice was ft joy thatfl ed her bosom as she proudly took her ithe lowest of the lowly in this happy, sturdy band. at there dawned a wondrous morning 'neath the pleasant summer skies, en the maiden, unexpectant, gazed with timid, won. dering eyes Satigly lat of laurels, newly-gathered, fresh and green, hich they placed with loving hands upon her brow and called her '"Queen." iend, I fear you'll prove a sceptic, take the unbeliever's part, on I tell you joy and sorrow, intermingled, filled her heart- y, to think that some had listened to her songs as years had flown, d had grown to love her truly when she thought she stood alone; rrow, for she felt unworthy of the honour, and dismay t her weakness ruled supremely in her heart for many S( day. at the knights were kind and lenient, and her sisters round her pressed, peaking words of love and courage, while she strove to do her bh st o deserve the place they'd given. So the years have onward rolled, till she loves the "Tourney" gatherings just as dearly as 0of old. et you call me a usurper-though I know not how or why; "utyour slighting accusation I indignantly deny. d you speak of truth and honour, yet from such you'd have me swerve, king me to give you laurels which you know you don't deserve I sk your conscience, thien, 0 Merciau : Would you not be out of place yon stepped to the position you so rashly wish to gracet? MARION TAYLOR, London. -Baron Von Winkleum stood on his head, And he swore, and he cursed, and he wished he was dead; And from what I could gather from all that he said, I found that his wife, The joy of his life, Had eloped with the second-floor lodger. The baron was first in a terrible " stew;" He swore by " Old Nick " he knew last what to do, And into a terrible passion he flew, For his darling wife, The joy of his life, Had eloped with another sly " codger." At length the bold baron became quite resigned, And the whole of his wit and his sense he combined, And to marry another he made up his mind- A second sweet wife, For the joy of his life, Was married by this artful dodger. The second was all that the baron desired; From all active life he then quickly retired, That he might be with the wife he so admired. But his second wife, The joy of his life, Wouldn't let to a second-floor lodger I DROFFO, London. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. lnge the first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) ould I were a sausage that I might fry for thee I" o Id, think, is to the point, and shows a true lach of olcwas very rarely equalled by the Spartans- " What a notion I" an who speaks so grand of selfish thoughts is free; )Coures some folks would thifik his head was cracked or ruher funy- ate tey who know the reason think him wise and very " It's for money !" _O, love, I'd be happy with thee in a mansion !" ma"n who utters vows like that is justified in saying he is in possession of a meed of common.sense- S"Donkey braying 1" t shtill underlying it, I wish to m otion would eres great attractio for which the swain Would thalk her, re she to fall a victim to his sweet, un selfish (P) vow- " It's her banker 1" lf."orn my proffered love ? I'll end my wretched Sseae the depths of his devotion; he'll now do some- thiua rash, - lethis pain is brought to him by losing that maid's "Losing her cash !" T F. JoNson, M.anchester. CHARADES. 'r,a'e on a Word each syllable of whclh is a word.: ._Iyfirst is dear to the parent's heart; Than it with life they would sooner part. 1 yatt with the fisherman is found; e aws his spoil from the ocean's ground. A she athese are placed together by you, rpm of Poem will come to your view. T. WAnD, Dublin. 'ithoutthe irst no least that's proof, lBecafse I rightly reclkoneda As ndl is found on overyeroof, pipesare lit with second. C. F. BLAoCnneURae.,
METAGRAMS. (Chance the first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-When the red sun first lights the mountain fire, And fiercer, higher still its colours grow; When far below the waters flame entire, And rippling waves .re dancing all aglow, I stand, and greater joy and feeling know, Than when I watched the gorgeous sun upclimb Into the sky to blaze on all below- Than when the waning day was in its prime, And summer issued forth in majesty sublime. The brilliant skyey hues pall on the sight, O'erpowering with the splendour they create; The sun throws out a blazing, scorching light, Which falls upon our senses as a weight To bear us down, our strength to dissipate; And the luxurious fulness of the day Becomes a sight too strong to contemplate; While as the hours march on in strong array We wish the flaunter gone, and sigh for night's calm sway. Thou art, O Night, the tenderest of joys, Born in a waiting.time of quietness. When Nature all her freshened strength employs In fashioning all thy features, to express The beauty that beholders all confess Thy brighter sister, Day, must ever want; Then fevered influence first less and less, While not for sober rest may others pant, Having it not in thee, whose quiet hours euchant. Pale, but with fascination, th-,u dost move In thy appointed way, as they may gain Who, coming after those who conquest prove, Bearing all brilliance in their shining train, Contrasted with their splendour are made plain, Yet a refreshing picture to our gaze, Sickened and o'erindulged with fancy vain, That, while it charms, a thought of hurt betrays, And with its dazzling hues a scorching sense conveys. Thus thou, 0 Night, art mine, and still must be- Let others love thy sister, born before; And how I much delight to live with thee, I tell again, as I have told of yore ! Thv balm o'er wearied first thy servants pour, While sheltering beneath thy shadlng wing; And what we gain from thy abundant store, Gives strength to meet the dawning rays which bring The influence dispelled by thy sweet ministering. IVANHOE, Belfast. 7.-'Twas in the year of 18889 (Not Jubilation) The facts occurred which now I shall relate In this relation. There stood a house ('twas one of many such), Defying Time's iconoclastic touch, Although with what success requireth much Interrogation. 'Twas in the classic first of Kennington, For cricket famous ; And in a certain room dwelt (such a one) An ignoramus ('Tis he who writeth now this history); His rom de plume is Diable, it. la, Which same is used so much, I doubt if he Another name has. So this Le Diable (whose every word You may rely in; A paragon, who thinks it most absurd A rage to fly in; A most veracious youth, of whom 'tis said He'd tell the truth and dye-his classic head; Though often he'd been known to he in bed, 'Twas all he'd lie in), One night, whilst roaming o'er the verdant sward (Yclept " Ye meadow "), Fresh from the memory of the festive board, Dutch cheese and bread, oh, When midnight, from the horologic tower, Tolled forth the tale anent the midnignt hour, And vampire bats and demons' wicked power, He should have fled 0 ! But while he stooped to lick from out his boots His pluck undaunted, He heard, from somewhere near the rhubarb roots, Some music (!) chaunted; This, coupled with a few appalling groans, And then some next, like those of falling stones, His trembling tongue gave forth in awestruck tones, "' T-the p-p-place is haunted I" What need to further drag the story out With facts or fancies, While sneers and ancient eggs are thrown about And scornful glances ? Suffice it that the youth becometh quite A firm believsr, from that ghostly night, In spirit revelations, second sight, And dark s6ances. ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 8.-Dear V. D. T., the queen has spoken; we, of course, must bow To such a high decision, and no other thought allow. And Queeniu's not behindhand, for she says in graceful verse What you and I could only say in language rude and terse. And I commend what I shall say to Nellie Watson sweet-- That in my poor opinion girls are always quite complete. I'll make a good confession, for it's good for heart and soul, And, indeed, I have to make it, for I'm cornered in a hole. I wrote against the girls, you know, but hadn't found my ground; For now they up and say that all my facts are quite un- sound ! So I now withdraw quite humbly what I once before have said, And I know that you'll agree with me when this you've seen and read. Dear Ivanhoe, I quite agree with much that you have said, And with you before the throne I bend my back, and shake my head; For Queenie is so gentle in her censure of our " crimes," And Miss Nellie made me much regret my lays of other times. I wrote the lines, you see, friend, in raillery and fun, And grieved I am to find the dreadful havoc they have done; I'd rather meet the bravest knight in battle in the "T." Than let it pass that rhymes I'd lisped of girls untruth- fully. We have our tastes, our whims and ways-each sex admits the truth, And each sex sayeth unkind things about the maid and youth. An d neithersexisblameless-to be faultless isperfection; lWho would not show some failing if 'twere tested by in- spection ? IVANHOE AND V. D. TAbLOR.. ENIGMAS. 9.-Thou art the greatest, grandest gift from high, Grasping all space, all things within thy bound; Obedient to our will beyond the eye, We gaze into the mystic depths profound. Thy power hath made immortal gods of men, Ranking with spirits from the heavenly sphere; Thy works grasp all, the whole of mortal ken, And seek beyond, charming to heart and ear. W. A. LaNGSrON. 10.-It has no wings, and yet doth fly, If you're not careful, in your eye, SEVAJEE.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 11.-I wished to write a wondrous con., But could not find a theme ' (My muse of late's completely gone- At least, so it would seem). I tried and tried till primals came, But wrote not e'en a pun; At leugth I thought 'twould be the same If I could borrow one. So off I set to find a Jew, Who cons. on hire would lend (Jerusalem I I'll swear 'tis true, To fib I don't intend). I found a Jew, a cou. bespoke I got it scarcely cheap; I journeyed home, and then-awoke, To find I'd been to sleep I Cross Words. The centre of first is oft hard to attain, As those who've essayed it will own; And difficult also to freedom regain- Our meaning we plainly have shown. Mayhap you'll admit, when this con. you've perused, To compose it our second was palpably used. For third, without searching long, here you can trace A riddle which oft in this page finds a space. Unacquainted you're not with the name of our noet- Indeed, you'll not be even slightly perplexed. As proved by the answer, you'll flud that we name For the cross word here wanting a city of fame. For hours 'neath her window he lingered, content One glimpse of his fifth to behold; With his wish unfulfilled he at length homeward went, And caught a most terrible cold. The prowess of nest in the cricketing field Alliriddlers, we're sure, will attest' Some say that of all who the willow do wield This man is undoubtedly best. A battle this, our next, through which a monarch lost his seat, For here the Saxons met a foe, and suffered dire defeat. As fierce winds are blowing, And neighbours are showing A liking for boxing, we're ending last riddle. We meant to astonish, But- We must admonish That youth who below has commenced with his fiddle. J. STOCKS AND E. GEORGE. Foundation WYords. 12.-The whole is a lady of the stage, And England sings in praises of her.name; 'Tis cherished in the hearts of youth and sage, And written on the glowing page of fame. Cross WVords. First you have the opposite of difficult in sight; Second, when you see it, is the opposite of right; Third is, well, it's something which we all like to enjoy; Fourth is what the sparrow did I captured when a boy; Fifth is what the gods imbibe-no doubt it's very nice; Sixth you'll very often see folks do upon the ice; Seventh is a vital thing to propagate success; Eighth an aromatic flower-surely you will guess; Ninth is like a marble, or a cricket ball, forsooth; Teoth to sail in o'er the sea suits well this modest youth. And there you have it all, so now I'll sit, me down to tea, And when you go to see the lady, prithee think of me. J. W. SEWELL. Foundation Word. 13.-His dress is. he thinks, perfection, And the girls he's sure to "mash;" He ne'er dreams about rejection, Though he has not too much cash. Cross Words. A dainty little flower From a green and grassy bower, Let me tell. And, maybe, in your eyes This quadruped's not wise, But a " sell." In France this town you'll see; Or a maiden I might be, Sweet and coy. And now please be so kind As to bring this name to mind Of a boy. And ere my con. I end, I hope the last you'll spend, And enjoy. DROrFO AND R. L. JEFFERSON. Foundation IVord. 14.-Sweet child of Nature. in a world of sin WVas yet untarnished by its touch; Dickens' fairest creation, born to win The just reward that is within our reach, Whose wanderings and whose trials teach Us all to bear with wisdom's fortitude This world's rough shocks and troubles rude. Cross Words. A queen, presumptuous and vain, As known in Ovid's book, Lost her too numerous train, And by her gods forsook. The master of this is respected by all, A Chesterfield taught it for both great and small. This is a town you readers know well; Its name will not take you long to tell. As I am last to a small space, I must cut short my length'ning pace. W. A. LANGSTON. Foutdation Word. 15.--How picturesque the whole does look On a lovely summer's day I And the musical ripple of the brook, While the song-birds carol their lay. The trees are beautiful and green, And decked with a splendour great, 'Twixt which ever and anon are seen The red deer and his mate. Cross VWords. A boy's name is my flrst, I think, So I've put it down in pen and ink. Bold Jack is now crossing the main, And he'll return to us next again. Third is the opposite to square; In foeurth a girl's name you will see; Fifth is another maiden's name; Last is the best page in Y. F. P. B. OLNEY AND A. A. DvIES. Fossndatiost Word. 16.-He is in truth a clever youth, And I predict that when This con. you guess, you will confess He deftly wields the pen. Cr'oss Words. Of versifiers I'm the worst, Though I aspire to be aJhrst. A famous publisher you'll view, Whose name should be well known to you. A novel by Sir Walter Scott. Perhaps you've read it; I have not. On every pleasant summer day This bird trills forth its cheery lay. A costly gem of beauty rare; 'Tis often seen on ladies fair. LONG SNOWSHOE.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop two letters from a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.--At a cottage door awaiting sat a maiden young and fair, Sitting waiting for her lover, who her father's ire would dare; And as she sat a-listening, while the sun upon her shone, The village clock was striking and the hour it struck was one. Suddenly she heard a noise; her eyes she quickly raised, And as she this position took-by nat re greatly praised- She saw a man before her of the dark and tyrant type, With a pair of bushy eyebrows-he was smoking at a pipe. "Good evening," he saluted, and he bowed down to the ground; " Good eve to you," the maiden spoke; he started at the sound Of her sweet voice, then turned blood-red, then spoke as with his life As at her feet he cast himself, " Miss, will you be my wife ?" An angry flush upon the maiden's face instantly glows; She rose and drew away from him; so muttered he, "She goes Away, away from e'en my touch. Miss, will you marry me P" "James Hading, sir, my father told thee it could never be!" " Can never be ?" he shouted. " Oh, Miss Madge, list to my tale I love you wildly, passionately; my heart will never fail"- "I told thee once I cannot wed when I am betrothed now "- He staggered back with a short cry, then left her with a bow. * " He hates me now," she whispered, sadly; " I have been too rude. But what can keep my Harry from me ?--he with love's imbued. If they should meet!" The sudden thought left pale her girlish face. She donned her cloak and hat in haste, and walked with speedy pace; But half wa) had she gone along when angry words she heard: Her father's voice and Harry's-now she would not miss a word. Oh, what if they should come to blows ? Her feet towards them led; But suddenly a shot rang out-her father gasped-fell dead! " I saw the man," shrieks Madge, and even as she spoke her beau Had sprung between the bushes, while the dead man's blood did flow. "'Tis you, James Hading, villain, who has fired that deadly shoe I You coward I you shall dearly pay-you shan't be let off scot Free. So this is your revenge? The rope you'll feel- the line "- A novelette condensed I've written here, so now I'll sign, S. DE BEAR. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the onote of at war I cho s i, leaving another word, expressed in the ,arr Live.) 18.-Have you heard tell of Soaring Bill, a long, lank, living mortal, Whom Nature kindly treated, till he grew too tall for portal? His length of limb and body made him object of attraction, At which excess objected Bill, too bilious for action; He utilized his length at last (his growth he could not stop), 'Twas holding up a clothes-line as a washerwoman's prop. Then Soaring Bill tried somethling eise more in his line, you know- 'Twas shutting windows every night, from pavement down below. In passing 'neath a railway bridge upon his knees he crawled, And getting nearer sky each day he "Soaring Bill" was called. is other occupation was the lighting of street lamps. Though urchins said that Bill was "long," they found him " sharp," the scamps I In lighting lamps all ladderless, the Corporation's senses Were cute-the use of matches lessened greatly gas expenses. Poor Soaring Bill got very sore with bruises on his feet; A man of such a bon(n)y height could have bus little meat. When getting shaved, the barber reared a ladder 'gainst his chin, But Bill would swing him by the neck whene'er he cut his skin. And, sad to state, Bill burnt his pate, he grew so near the sun, And thus brain fever caused poor Bill to with the world have done. He got too "high" in life, you see, though "lowly" was his lot; Had Nature colder treated him, he'd not have "c ught it hot." V. D. TAYLOR AND Jo-Kiso. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (thange the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in tihe narrative.) 19.-She comes, with stately step and slow; She grandly walks adowi the aisle And on her friends around doth smile- Her loveless smile-her smile of snow. But ah I her heart cries, " Woe, woe, woe I In vain she hushes it awhile, Yet drains the dregs of mis'ry's vial, E'en as she from the church doth go. His cursed gold I 'Twas but for gold She took this man, with his grey hairs, His gonty leg, his railway shares, And all the ills that ail the old. She took him with all these, and yet- She'll help him spend it, you may bet. J. C. COLLIER.