RI{DDLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPTICES.
is0w wras, and form athird lword of the last syllable of the [Lti rsW and the nrst syllable of the seoond. Triptich. 1--It is used as a place of abode, And in strncture is pretty and neat; You surely will find one in some special road, Or perchance in a lane or a street. First Word. It is wicked-yes, hopelessly so; It is really beyond a reproof, And characters bearing the stigma, I know, Had better be kept far aloof. Second Word. Superior women, I hear, Are entitled to this; I'm inclined. To think there are crowds in a lowlier sphere, Were we judged by the heart and the mind. MARoN TAYLOI, Birkenhead. s'iptieh. To arms I to arms I let your proud banners wave r the dark walls of Ilium, let stout hearts and brave rge forward, nor flinch'neath the total's keen blade, a through the hot strife of the battle-field wade; Severy Greek forth from his pallid lips cry ihe shout of defiance, " We conquer or die." First Word. Irerlled of old in his marvellous romance esirring adventure, minisfortune and chance; br the various scenes of the desolate isle, Where tall, graceful, palm-trees luxuriantly smile On clestering cacti, whose bright blossoms vie With the rich, lurid tints of a tropical sky. Second Word. {ey vary to quite an enormous extent; tome folks on frivolity always are bent, While others are really unbearably proud, And some, though good-hearted, are vulgarly loud; Jou have them, I have them, quite plainly 'tis shown; Whatever they be, friend, we each have our own. MsARION AND CLARA. Triptich. $,-He in his accustomed place Stands, with an inviting smile On his bland, smooth-shaven face, While with sweet and coaxing wile He invites the passers-by Just to step in and to see, While he hopes that they will try Some of his unrivalled tea. First Word. There I see it shining far In the distance; glorious light With the radiance of a star Piercing gloom of darkest night. Yes, your primasl leads me on To where lies the longed-for rest, Where at last the goal is won In the regions of the blest. Second Word. Primal their sweet evening hymn In the tall cathedral grand, While the lights burn low and dim, Shadows fall on either hand. They their thrilling voices raise With the organs rolling sound, In the solemn hymn of praise, Breathing gladness all around. IvANHOE, Belfast. ANAGRAMS ON ANIMALS. 4.-There's very little difference, you see, In fact, the four all seem alike to me. Law is a study that I cannot bear, And now is nearly " done to death," I hear, If I do reach an orange or a pear, I'll give it to my little cousin there. If he should be as I imagine him, I really pity your young brother Jim. The barbeor tells a tale about your hair, "'Tis coming off-then buy my staff up there." Oh, that's a coat I bought on Tuesday night; My other makes me look "a perfect fright." I take some meals at home, the others at A coffee-house, where I can have a chat. Well, as our baby's teeth are not yet through, I don't think it will suit him yet, do you ? W. D. PIsKENG, Southwark. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. flnge the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- Dressed in the narrative.) 5,-I rested near a rippling stream, .But slumbered soon ; and in a dream Methought a maid, with fawn-like bound, Came gaily tripping o'er the ground; She seemed to be of tender years, But one swayed nut by childish fears. When she approached, my feeble sight Could scarce gaze on her features.bright. Adown her neck her hair was thrown, And by the wind about was blown; Her teeth were white as driven snow, While from her lips came laughter low. Certain I am.no lurking guile Could lie beneath her sunny smile. No angry word, no sullen frown, The beauty of her face would drown. I gazed within her deep blue eyes, In admiration and surprise; And thenmethought a spirit came, And whispered in my ear her name. 'Twas " Annie "; but, to I as it spoke, With splash I fell, and then awoke. J. BODEN GLASGOW. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word) 6.-Blow, blow, thou winter wind- Bring down the fallen leaves, O'er which the poet grieves- The man of pensive mind. Maunerless Winds, alack I Ye come through every crdck ; Then pile the logo first higher, And I will bleow the fire. Ye winter mists, arise, Wrap all the earth in gloom- Send to the chilly tomb All flowers of brilliant dyes. Ye clothe the earth, and I To clothe myself will try; I'11 rap m. from the cold Within my '.nulster" old. Brooks murmur on in pain Through woodlands desolate; My grief is for you great at summer comes again. Yet, boo'k bywh'ich I've sat, I'd have you know this, that I'll not submit to you, For I can murmur, too. ' ,- - : .-· PATRICK. S., Belfast.
ADDITION. (Add a letter to the word chosen to make another word.) 7.-She was just seventeen, only sweet seventeen, So charming in manner, and graceful in mien, So first a young Anal not often was seen, With her golden hair curled o'er her head. But while o'er her school-books she ceaselessly pored, And with classical knowledge her young brain she stored, Her thoughts to the future contmnally soared, Of a lover so sweet, Who would woo at her feet; Oh, I wonder who is he, she dreamily said. She was just twenty-four, and perhaps a bit more, She had suitors in plenty her charms to adore; And she counted her conquests by many a score, With a vain little toss of the head. She'd a practical eye it was plain-very plain, On her humbler admirers she looked with disdain, For she cherished a hope a " good catch " to obtain. And of each of her beaux Who had nerve to propose, "Oh, I wonder what is he," she carefully said. So she dallied, uncertain to choose; now her age Is uncertain, and she is no longer the rage, For her beaux have found charmers their grief to assuage, And her hopes to the ground have been brought l For her figure's too stiff and too awkward to waltz, At acquaintanceship's door every gentleman halts- She'd take anyone gladly, whate'er be their faults ; " But where is he?" now is her everyday thought! POPPyT MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 8.-Next summer I shall have a week's vacation, But know not where to go, or what to do; I sometimes think I'd better stay in London, And sometimes think I'll journey to Perun. Perhaps I'H visit Scotland for some fishing, Perhaps I'll ride a hunter to the chase,' Perhaps I'll buy a bicycle and ride it Ten thousand times around my dwelling-place. I might in first St. James's Park go shooting, I might along the Sarrey mountains roam; I might, ion know, soar off in a balloon, sirs, Or in the wilds of Egypt find my home. I may be found gold-hunting in Australia, Or laying tigers low in Hiudostan; Perchance I'll join the flower of Briton's army, And-for a week-look like an Englishman. But oh, dear me I how very vexed a question ! The problem is to me by far too hard; I think I'll next far better staying home, sirs, And playing some one marbles in the yard. F. G. WEsB, Southwark. 9.-A very happy little boy Was Ebenezer Brown; Upon his pretty, rosy face You ne'er would see a frown. He was his mother's first and pride, His father loved him well, And so did every one he knew Except his sister Nell, Who thought he was a second boy; For she was wise and prim, And could not bear his teasing ways, And often lectured him. But every boy must have his faults, And every girl as well; And hoping you'll agree with me, I'll bid you all farewell. AUGUSTA F. DiXNxT, Iloscrea. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative. 10.-Little harbinger of winter, Sitting on yon window sill, Heedless of the snow that's falling, Or of winds so keen and chill. Ever in thy vest of scarlet, And thy ruffled, brown-hued coat; Parts ne'er wrong of the sweet song Coming from thy tiny throat. Redbreast, thou art ever with us When the winter's fogs are dense- When we speak of summer weather In the past or future tense. View we now thy form, so quickly Hopping in each leafless tree; For thy duty and thy beauty Crumbs in plenty give we thee. F. PmnILLIPS, Nottingham. DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 11.-What, never heard of Simon Clay P You, who have first the sea, sir P Perhaps you'll have the cheek to say You've never heard of me, sir. Ab, well! sit down, and never mind, I'll tell you all about it; And when you hear the tale, you'll find You'll have no cause to doubt it. , Now, when but young in life, poor Clay A barber's boy was made, sir; But as they wouldn't give him pay, He left the barbaeros trade, sir. And oft I've heard old folks declare, With shakings of the head, sir, That as he couldn't cut the hair, He cut the place instead, sir. And o'er the boundless sea to sail- He said he'd scour the line, sir; But when for drink they gave him ale, Young Clay began to whine, sir. But, sad to say, 'mid horrid fears, One day the ship was sinking; So as a foretaste of their biers, The men commenced a-drinking. And when they found that all was lost, Be it to their renown, sir, That all of them gave up the ghost When they were going down, sir I Clay sank amid the the ocean's roar, And people well may say, sir, That had he last a life on shore, He hadn't died that way, sir. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 12.-D ark first are here, for. now the year is dying; G rey are the next that once were purest blue; O if from the trees the tawny leaves are flying, W hile withered are the flow'rs that in the summer grew. J. D. B. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whicbh is a word.) 18.--What is that which, when the morning Scares away the grey-eyed night Ever hails the cheerful dawning As it takes its early flight P 'Tis my frst; my second ever You may find amidst the chase; Now, my riddlers, if you're clever, Find a flower full of grace. E. J, 14.--My whole is a town Of great renown- In Inlia you will find it- A fruit is my third, And nezt is in bird; A piece of water-please mind it. A KrGeaT FRO OURn TowN.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 15.-C ora Qlancarty lived out in the west, E astt~f Chicago a furlong or two; L awrence M'Loughlin, of lovers the best, D aily and nightly went thither to woo; A t him she turned up her aquiline nose, I nwardly longing for worthier prey, R aged at him twice when he knelt to propose, T old him to come again some other day; A nd all her arts she quite artlessly plied, H oping to make a society match, B lushed through her rouge, everlastingly sighed, K nowingly watched for a suitable catch. Openly ogling, she simpered and sobbed, R aising wild hopes but to lose them again; E yen of Lawrence she found herself robbed, E nergies wastdd, time lost, all in vain. H opeful no longer, she now lives alone, N ear the old home where her forefathers dwelt, M using at times o'er the days that are gone, D reaming of joys that she never has felt, E ven deploring the fate that, in youth, L ed her dear Lawrence's love to despise, R ecklessly spurning a soul full of truth, E ver to sorrow with heart-breaking sighs. .'5ILO, Dun dee. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 16,-Whence oomes this bright maiden hovering o'er the land, Scattering Flora's treasures with a lavish hand; Clothed in all the splendour of nature's pure array, Leading by her side the powerful King of Day. Shedding o'er the landscape hot, oppressive rays, Wrapping hills and valleys in a dazzling blaze, Parching vegetation with refulgent beams, Withering lawns and meadows, drying crystal streams. Cross Words. In first you'll find, if guessed aright, The central point of heat and light. An animal we often see On coats of arms and heraldry. A planet in the heavenly height, Surrounded by a circlet bright. 'Tis owned by many an English girl, This name, which signifies " a pearl." Find my fifth, and you will see A title of nobility. My last, I hope, though lacking grace In " Tourney's" ranks may find a place. CLARA BOEsMER. Foundation Words. 17.-Dear riddling friends, pray listen to me, And I will show you, acrostically, A riddle-me-re, From history- Pickwick's, I mean, as will be seen When you discover what I mean. Cross Words. Now take six heads, All quadrupeds, And place them ladder-wise; Then downwards cast your eyes, And you will read, Or see indeed, A sleepy hero of jellies and pies. C. P. MITCHELL, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-Down the sunlit lane she wandered, With her hat swung in her hand, Whilst her pretty, golden tresses Were by playful breezes fanned. First her eyes did seem to sparkle And to dance with very joy, Whilst she tripped and sang so gaily I Happy, happy maiden coy. So I said, " Sweet maid, good morrow," And I raised my hat to her; But she only turned her nose up, And in haughty tone said, " Zur I" Next I said, " Why do you wander, Maiden fair, thus all alone ?" " Zur," said she, " that's moi business; You had better moind yer own." Then I woke from my delusion As a person from a dream; And I thought how true the saying, " Things are seldom what they seem." F. ALLIuON, Winchester. 19.-A weapon used by Indians, If you please change its head, A well-known Young Folks riddler You then will have instead. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 20.-Hail, all hail I ye riddling band, Low I bend to thee, O queen I Ye who love our 'Lympian land, I address with rev'rent mien. Gow the clever, good at need, May success soon crown thy fate; Free from envy, free from hate, Onward to Olympia speed. Marion-skilful, gentle maid, May thy laurels never fade; Queenie. once more sweetly sing, Let your heav'nly numbers ring. Waite, and Wallis, envied hard, Sure your poems the Muses guard, Rendles, Roystons, may ye never From the "Tourney " yourselves sever. ISHMAEL CLEaRCHtOS. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated ns a metagram, decapitation, dele. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 21.-Are you going so soon, first swallow P You and I have been such dear friends; You built your nest in the hollow, 'Neath the shelter my thatched roof lends. And I watched your eges when hatching- Saw the unny things break their shells, Dresses in tufts of wool-like patching, Till they strutted about like swells. And now they're wiser and older, You're going to fly with your kit; You find it's gettihug much colder P Well, I've fancied that a last bit. But though, dear swallow, you're going To warmer climes over the main, I have great pleasure in knowing You'll come to your old home again. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. 22.--MIy first was the first man that ever died; Transpose, a word meaning fit is descried; Transpose again, and a package you'll find; Behead, and a liquor is left behind; Transpose hisain, and a meadow you'll see; Now try to find out this answer ftr me. BraRmEt, AND SMrITH. Belfast,
NARRATIVE CUBTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 23.-Swiftly, oh, swiftly the brief year declines, Autumn is here, winter is nigh; Gone has the light and the glory that shines In the milsummer sky, When the soft southern breeze sips the fragrance that flows, Brimming over the delicate cup of the rose, And wandereth by With the sweetness still sweet in its breath as it goes- Still sweet in its every sigh. Swiftly the swallow-winged summer has flown Over the sea, over the sea; The delicate rose cup is shuttered and strown With the leaves of the tree, And all else that was beautiful, fragile, and sweet, Chilled and crushed by the blast that came roughly and fleet Over mountain and lea, And stamped out the prints of the summer's light feet In the strength of its maniac glee. Had I the far.flying wings of the swallow- Wings never clipped by winter's shears- In the laughing-lipped summer's gay train I would follow All through the years; While winter in vain ever following after, With arms stretched to touch us and turn all our laughter To bitterest tears By his futile attempts should but add to that laughter, And stay not our joyous careers. A. ST. J. ADCOCK. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 24.-Oh, Tommy Atkins is a brave and stalwart son of Mars (What's that P Oh, yes, a son of ma's-his ma's--he is, of course). The scorn with which he looks upon old England's gallant tars Is only equalled by his great contempt for all " the force;" I've second doubt you'd naughti-cal the things he often says 'Gaiust all connected with the sea, the which he does abhor. Thus, strange it is that Fate-how cruel sometimes are her ways!- Should wilfully ordain that he should be a man-o'-war I Oh, Tommy Atkins is a gay and gallant son of Mars I To walk out with a housemaid he will sometimes con- descend; But if upon their way they chance to stop at certain bars, It is first he who "pays the toll," on that you may depend. And sometimes, too, the part of cavalier he will play, And to theatre he'll gallantly escort his dear; She doesn't prove so dear to him, for seldom does he pay, He helps her to dis-purse what little cash she has, I fear. Oh, Tommy Atkins is a bold and fearless son of Mars, Though. some there are who stoutly and unfeelingly assert That if his Queen required him to engage in any wars, He'd brave her majesty's severe displeasure, and desert. Or if, they say, he dared upon the battlefield to go, As soon as e'er the action in real earnest had begun, his action, when the foe he saw, would merely be to show The enemy his heels, and quickly teach him how to run. A. AMIBERLEY, Manchester. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostio. Theletters of cross words that are Roman num orals expressed in iRures.) Foundation Word. 25.-If primals are placed aright by you, A musical instrument they'll bring to view. Cross Words. 51 and ev Is worn by ladies fair. 101 ,, e Is seen in wintry clime. 50 ,, we To fly about by night will dare. 51 ,, no A beast of prey is seen this time. 101 , asa A boy's name, known to every one. 1 ,, hgtu This comes when the day is done. BLACK EAGLE, CONUNDRUM. 26.-I should like to write a riddle, But I really don't know how; I should like to play my fiddle, But I cannot use the bow. Here's a con., though I've seen better, You can guess it, I should say; Why is avarice like the letter Which heads all our letters, eh P I have tried to write a riddle, And have put it very plain; I will try to play my fiddle When my arm gets well again. S. V'oon. CENTRAL CHANGES. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 27.-Can any of our riddlers tell A word for strong to me ? If central letter they will change, A word for weak they'll see. E. LEIJIHOLD. 29.--Somebody whispered, "Love, will you be mine ?"- Whispered so sweetly and low ; " First me, my darling, press those lips of thine, Truly I love you, you know." Somebody came up behind with a stick Somebody's head got a thwack, Somebody bounded alarmingly quick Over a wall at his back. Some one was sent off to next in a trice, Somebody cried long and drei r- Vowed that her lover was " darling " and "nice," And her heart was broken, poor dear. W. KOHLER, Camberwell.