RIDDLES.
1. Why- is a wig like a lie ? 2. (An Irish conundrum.) Why is love like a novel? 3. What is the difference between a deer fleeing from its pursuers, and a decrepid witch ? 4. Why are the new iron ships mostly Spanish P 5. Why are the crews of the new " barks " more watchful tlhan those of other ships P
CHARADES. M15 first is a title of Spain; My second pertains to a watch; And if from my riddle no knowledge you gain, Together you'll make a good match. II. My first is a contrast to all that is bright, And shuns the approach of the first dawn of light; My next, you may ponder and hunt it about, But you'd better give in, for you'll ne'er find it out; My next, sailors dread on an iron-bound coast, Lest the fruits of their savings for years should be lost. My whole British warriors cherish her name, And high 'tis inscribed in the Temple of Fame. III. A hateful passion is my first; We oft tread on my second; My whole, I'd tell you if I durst, A genial isle is reckon'd. IV. First pick out a letter, don't make it too big; My second shall be the leg of a pig ; Now, put both together, 'twill show you a town That for gloves of tann'd leather has still great renown. V. AMy first will ne'er grow old; My second, ne'er be lost; -My third, folks anxiously behold When India's seas they've cross'd; My whole an island will appear, And in the northern hemisphere.
TI. Two syllables my first contains, And vast the weight which it sustains; Yet all around the globe it flies, Or ninety fathom deep it lies Within this mighty ball: Without it, we could never do- I could not, reader, nor could you. 5My next, a simple passage lies Right thro' my first, for him who tries; 'Tis shallow, deep, narrow, or broad, And travellers dread it on the road When mountain torrents fall. My whole's a port for sloops, ships, brigs, And very famous 'tis for pigs. VII. I cover mountain-tops sublime, And garnish, like old Father Time, The valley and the lawn; Of emerald grass I dress the head, Or pendent hang by spider's thread, Glistening in morning's dawn. My next, to many a gaol belongs, And pleasure yields to mighty throngs Who desecrate their name ;- A relic of barbaric age, A blot upon our country's page, And of our laws the shame. My whole, a tiny sparkling ball, Translucent, beautiful, and small, But pure as falling snow; Is born of night's extremest age, And finishes its pilgrimage As shadows shorter grow. VIII. My first can ne'er be far behind, My second's a metal of whitish kind; My third's a squall, which may dismay; My whole's a songster, spruce and gay.