RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS, (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.)
1.-Let me sing a little song, Ding, done! And I promise not to keep you very long. With ambition I am burning, And my heart is final yearning But to mingle in this throne, Ding, dong ! ding, (tdne ! But to mingle inl this happy, laughing throng. No high honours do I bring, Ting, ting! I am such ani unassuling little thing! 'l'T11011uh I'mu very often hlzy, And lmy irains are sometimes hazy, Yet a litty I c:an sing, Tiue, ting! tinu, ting ! Yes, I think a little ditty I can sing! And my mind is far from strong; Ding, doug! My unlinmited it las are always wrong; it ll, I'll sometimes ask a qu 'stion, L]ikewie stcond a s'ugimgeoltln, Till li,, told to holdl I my tongue, liiu., doug! ding, lotng! Till I'm told to hold my busy, pirattlieg tong ie! Say that I may come and sing, 'Tine, tiug! For sarcastic hits I never, primal fling; P'lease to send all inv.tation, And I, tilled with emulation, Will Ib hapl.y as a king, 'inii , ting i ting, ting t All day long I will be happy as a king! Pori'r. 2.-With flashing eye and step erect. He stands to gnard the narrow bridge; Before himt rise the hated foe, A massive, gleaming, bristling ridge. His trusty sword is raised on high, And btars the narrow bridge across; Should his brave action prove nl vain, Well might a country mourn his loss. As they advanced he hewed them down, His noble courage stood hiam well; The foemen gaze with wondering awe At mighty deeds none could excel. But Nature failed his arm at last, O'er his young frame sweep on the foe; Next gasp he gives. " I've first roy all; God help them in their coming woo." F, Uj. WEBBnn. 3.-The giant Grim arose one day, And, minus word of warning, Departed, jocular and gay, For first a lovely morning, Intent on making for the wood, But on no gallant charger, Requiring, be it understood, An animal much larger. A mighty elephant he rode, And, thinking it a feat meant, The poor unlucky beast would goad, Applying brutal treatment. And as he rode along for miles, Observing naught that shocked him. And features radiant with smiles, An unknown substance knocked him. Observing, as he onward went, A tall and handsome fellow, He smiled, bhut presently gave vent Unto an awful bellow. 'Twas thus the giant met his fate : The youth the monster saw did Discharge his piece, return elate, And second well rewarded. J. A. MARsnA.LL. 4.-Standing on the shore at daybreak, List'ning to the ocean's roar, As it comes in mighty billows, Splashing, dashing 'gainst the shore... Next a wave comes gliding onward, lR.sng higher than the rest, Like some great majestic mountain With a lofty, first-white crest. Oft I think of those poor seamen O'er whose grave the waters sweep, In a never ceasing motion, As they sleep their last, long sleep; While the wives and poor old mothers Watch for those they love so dear; Perhaps they never more may see them Set they wait in hope and fear. P. BRANDON. BETAGR AM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 5.-It is the 7.14 first, Its destination Harwich; And every one falls back, who erst Were clustered round each carriage. The whistle shrieks-an awful din, When, flushed with agitation, Enter two passengers, both in A dreadful perspiration. One carriage door is open-one! The train moves onward slowly. They both dash bravely on-well dlone !- And now the next lies lowly i They rise-each half-way enters in 'The doorway of the carriage, And, fiercely struggling, they begin Each other to disparage i Oh, what will happen ? Hark ! that shout! And see, that slightly fat form, Whose legs are plunging madly out, Will soon adorn the platform ; And crushed will he that form once strong, And, oh, I wonder whether- But, see! a porter comes along, And thrusts them in together! G. Thor. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are tranlplsid, a:id for"n another word tI1 the iiarratt v . 6.-31 erry thoughts take the place of sad ones in my brain, A nd from telling the reason I will not refrain, R iddlers, listen a monint and I will explain : I for five or six weeks had remarked, with much pain, "0 ur Ed.'s riddle file nmust be fast thinning again!" N ot the least intimation didl Young Foll:k contain T hat more cons. were accepted-no friends, not a grain- A nd they came with a rush (don't read that with disidain) ! Y es! and turning to some one (I think it was Jane), " L ook '." I said ; " our lhar Emitiorneer speaks in vain. O h, that poems and cons,. would fall round him like r;L !" R iddliUng friends, I will end, or you'll think meinsane. AncHuEm B., Kentish Town. CHARADES. IPermet on a word ench sy!lable oh whicuh rt l word.) 7.--My frst are all near friends of yours, All blood relations, too; In busy streets throughout the day, My secona's seen by you. IMy third is what you do each day, Or surely you'd not live; A county in old Scotland's clime, My whole will surely give. D. ScoTr, Newtongrange. 8.-Against advice, one gloomy night, Scarce heeding what I had to say, My second went, attired in white, To join some friends a mile away. She lost my first, si she came back- She'dt slipped into a muddy hole; She went out irihte, but came in black, So urols she was and past control. CamnsoN STAR, Stratford.
ROTATION CHANGE. Change the letters of a word in succession to form other word;,) J.-To.night, to.night, if I had time, I could unravel miles of rhyme : Rhyme which would first you all to tears, iRhyme which the lonely spirit cheers; Rhyme about this, or that, or those, Both senntiental and jocose. To.night, to-tight, if I had time, I'd sing a song of next sublime; Or else I'd sing of stormy skies; Of wrecks, and divers casualties: Of blooming roses, rare and bright; Of rivals meeting for to fight; Of balmy Spring, of Summecr sweet; Of eats who in the evening meet ; Of knights who fought in days of yore; Of Luna much, of 'htebus more; Of birds which nightly sing of woe; Of conks which in the morning crow; Of Heetor, Priam's plucky son ; Of deeds by great Ahilles done; Of war, an d Ajax Telamon; Of impecuniosity ; Of miisers who third wickedly Of ,iatters too complletely liu; (If midnight murdters just a tew; Of ltin-tead, Coulson, KIitebIcir, Troy; Of Slakeslea; e when he wsv:- a hay. (If each andut all I'd gladly rhyme- Of course, if I coulhl spare the tile. Anil not a fifth of that long chain Of vcrieos sweet should give you pain, IFor every fourth shoull he as full O)f fire and ardour as a bull. Aint, thinkinig of fyour raptures, I'm Sure you'll regret I haven't time ! L'ALLLc.t, OMIEG RA3. (The last letter of a word is clained to form another word,) 10.-Gaily the bells are pealing O'er hill and dale, A gladsome tale, A wondrous tale, revealing. Loudly and long The music swells, A joyous song Each echo tells; A song sublime, So sweet and fair, The thrilling chime MIst banish care. Sadly the notes are swelling, Solemnly, low, Evenly slow. What is the. tale they're telling ? To that first bourne Where all must go A soul has gone To joy or woe. Ah ! who next say Which it may be, Life or dleath in Eternity i List to the silv'ry chime, Now solemn, now sublime, Now sad, now gay, Now in a joyous strain, Anon in bitter pain Dying away ! MAGGIE D., Grangemonth, EN IGMAS. 11.-I boast as many forms as e'er The great god Proteus used to wear; Anon, with huge and massive form, I brave the waters and the storm; Anon, now thundering from afar, I stem the mighty tide of war; Anon, in small and lonesome eoll, Ensconced beneath the earth. I dwell; I often live in plains, yet still My dwelling's always near a hill; Anon, the merest speck in size, Unseen except by prying eyes; No more 'midst sea or underground, Among the human race I'm found; In fact, it's not unlikely, too, Dear reader, I may dwell with you; And though you may not quite approve me, You'd scarcely venture to remove me. Now if you can't my name descry, You must be quite as blind as I. 12.-You see me golden, bright, and fair, And darkly, smoothly brown, I'm placed upon a shining chair, And often grace a crown. I re-t upon a glist'ning throne, Assisting at the feast. Whence come I? From no clime alone, But North, South, West, and East. Some find me 'midst the tallest trees, Some deeper than the grave; Some seek me in the northern seas, But still I ride the wave. For stormiest seas will drown me not; By " black man" loved, and white, Though in palatial hall or cot, They of my power make light. I'm animal and mineral, With fish relations, too; I'm physic, food, and ever shall Blie much employed for you. Rorn B. 13.-Formed half beneath and half above the earth, We sisters owe to art a second birth; The smith's and carpenter's adopted daughters, Made on the earth to travel o'er the waters. Swifter we move as tighter we are bound, Yet neither touch the water, air, nor ground; We serve the poor for use, the rich for whim, Sink when it rains, and when it freezes swim. C. SMITH, ACROSTIC. It word, or word , formed of the initial letters of other words,] Foundation Word. 14.-My primals give a kind of stone, Which unto you is surely known. Cross Words. Among the rocks and stones choice primals grew, Which made the scene quite picturesque to view. He gave a next, and cleored the brook's swift tide, Then waited for me on the other side. Above all else, sirs, I detest a man Who's third. I'll always work, sirs, while I can, This is a thing that's owned by every one. Both rich and poor. Now I have nearly done. The sight filled me with final and alarm, But I did not sustain the slightest harm. S. W. HATES, \Worcestcr. REVERSION. IA word which read backward forms another word.) 15.--The words that primal and list represent Have letters precisely the same; The one is a pipe; the other is known By hunters as excellent game. R. FosrEt, Sheffield