111)M LE TOURNAMIENT. DELETION.
(prop it letter frotm the word chosen, leaving another word.) 1.-T-he sun was slowly sinking in the west, Ere loug its sbhinil light the clouds would cover. The busy city sit wIwuld be at rest, ()Once inire the day .f ltbour soon be over. Within L hum11ble ro.om, npltn a bed, A tinyv, wasted, trag!e figure lay, And though the wind, w watched the stars o'erhead, Far, far awaty. The mothor stood and watched with bated breath 'The child that Irou her care would soon be taken- That soon witd sl.lp tlie paiLccutt sleep of death, Upon at fairert', ttiir'- " shore to w takti.. Aind whisp'rini r ow ;tud then a last oif love, She ustod bieiil,' him in the twilight cry, And swatchet the wi it:l.iipp-.d mounoitains sail above, Far, far away. " Dear mot iwr, as I i h( re night "y night, And p altd r ,,'er that. other bright (xstleitn e, I sLctlli tim s see the :It' llL oill iled .2 w it, And hal r s v,', :i r llls of mul t,' inl I he distance. tAnd t ,hen I thit'l, ilhe -tar slit ar t nu lll.' t es, That watch for th,*sr on earth wiyo c (snot stay, To blostr sthoL t en patle, aco i thie tkieis, tiar, fLar away. *And when th, ,l, ,f toil and work is done. And :Ill ihe first i, ra'mLily, sw\ ,-ly sle ,pin ', F'Tor wivk 'ii dt lt Ii, hurlpatted 'Ihut eah he strain, Il oftenl tlhik th:It ltuCls ml ust he weel ingt . ; For ev'ry mltorln thr it to the loset adi bright lth tears thl all have shed to think h that they have lost some crriný one, gone from their sight, Far, far away." 'Tis over! 'midst, ~e harp Iand tIe's sweet strain, rThe Chili-ht soul hat s )piercei the silver lining., And ev'ry ulhit bcIefore the wilndow-.ano A little pallid Stat e Is brightlty shining. '1H to their doe i, s it is heru angel boy, Ald watches for it ti the close f da by, Until she joins him in that laud of joy, Far, far away. A1Aiiuo L. TAAYLOsi , lirkenhead. J CUlITAILMEN TS. (l rop the f inctl L ,tter y r fra word ( ttl, a n lther word.) 2.- Miiriw ! otirow ! " What a terrib sed row lat And out sos lily lttid I the leapw ow it wentt, Fell over a bat.h that was just in my path, As to the widow I carefully crept. 'Twas a beautiful iit (tihe moniL was so bright), And on the roof of toy neighbotur close by, Seve Thats Icoutl see enjoying t, " slcy,e. " Not or lelngv, las t, you beauties," lirst tl. I reachllyd dcwv :ny gun (a very old o)ne) Thiat I'm 1 ouoled ing by on thor wall, And ired. ng! crasdo you! An omet thing went crash! InBut c cats-they were frighyo mteneday see that's all. Ify" aimN waw not straight-I'd not practised of late- Oct the Nots, as I meant, throlugh a window it went, For which I must pay, I expect. E. W. EARLET. I -A cock my firstep thatyo aldll must knroyalow; A iwhat do you think agaibout thatn, Then cocks m\" last, I fancy, so The answer's very plain. LOTTIE. W. I.-I believe a poet, yes, really I do. Now, what ito yotu think about that? I favcy my name it is known by s few. Now, what dot you thick about that ? I really belirve, and sonie people I've told, That I'm loked oto by authors first oneof their folengage)d, And mly name will te written in letters of gold. Now, what do you think about that ? In each penny paper you may see my nailme. Now, whordt dfor a boy you think about that fail. I think that', a little step onward to fame. Now, what do you think about that ? I .-ear my hair long, anpped I use lots of oil, I walk with last steep that, decidedly royal;rth, y winning trillinge there is no one to moil. Now, what do you think about that ir I smoke a clay pipe, and I never am ill. Now, what do you think about that ? I have clothes oan credit and don't pay toe bill. Now, whae (o you think about that ? If I'm summoned to pay it (you'll laugh, I'll engage), I get the poor tailenr i, oh t such a rn g ; Wy defence is the same-I am not yet of age. Now, what do you think about thate light.? J. . . ROOFIELD. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two lat letters lif etie word lavscoring another word.) 5.-A kind of spo in if you doubly curtail, And word for a boy you will have without fail. W. NOLAN, 'Olonmel. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is ast word 6,S-Dark night had dropped its sable folds Upo the saddened, cheerless end th, The birds hadd ushed neaxt very awe Their trilling noby tes of joyous mirth. T No sound disturbed the silent blowsr, To fhrst the land of its repose, Save where's an owl, in croaking tones, Poured forth defiance to its foes. F Fair Luna's gentle beams were hide Behind a gloomy, massive cloud, That, with it, wings stretched wide across, Obscured the heavens like a shroud. All, all was silent till the morn, Wban fairy Day drove back the night, And a sweet total in the woods Sang its bless'd welcome to the light. F. U. WEnn. ile the tree has passed half his lifetime in scouring the seas, And a course of adventure and peril he eas passed. But he feeolds age now is creeping on Last, So to once onargat time ies; for where'er he may be, He thinkcats learly tmushat dwell near his old triend the sea, Whose changeable face he has studied so long, That withou it he nows heart," should be in the wrong. S > he builds a snug house, a neat garden around, Wich is grace,) by my whole in its loftiest ground. Each morn to his window old Bluejacket goes WhichTo observe on my irt and see how the wind blowsng ; For my nest loudly wa.rns him the night watch is done, And he sees in the east the first rays of the sun. Which is more thau I've known it the last winter long!'"
' To discover with ire that my ychole is fixed fast! e Some mi.chievous urchin last night climbed the pole, And, to tease old Bluejacket, thus fettered my iciole. 8.-My first is but a little preposition; My secorft waves the air with motion cool, At balls and parties 'tis in requisirion, And carried by the ladies as a rule. i. My thirds the top of many houses cover; - And ichole pertains to childrenu very young; Their total grace, though oft been ranted over, 1, Surpasses all that has been said or snug. FOLKESTONIAe1
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, le;tv in; an,thti r word.) 9.-There's an awful to do and a hullabaloo I1 aln old roomy Grauee near the town of tBellevue, And tih cooks and the butler and frotinen and all Are et-l;ter-'l ti-'et her as white as the wsall ; .n , .olh L'Estrange: n a pausion doth range 'I Ito1toh cite halls and. tue wide drawing-rooms of the G ranige, And he mutters a fierce and ta terrible oath That to hutlg all the servants he wou, ld not be loth For that ntmorning his wife, whom lie loved as his life, [ltssdi her dat!iondis and jewels-the cause of the strife. When she wanted to dress triey could nowhere be seen ; They w-e gone from i tho box where they last night had Anl the tlady so fair i,,r.- h,,r lovely brown hair, Ant ail sotithn' w IiWh tio henir you 'voul I oit care; l'iwas irecrteodl, ;, t iow, at her ptsr trtinibltig it;tid, W hJio ir st in 'each ll tv'wemI'lnt lndtl fea:ture displahDei. Anid Sir Iarol I -lid swe::r, a, hle wall;ed here and tlhere, W ith a:t terr ii e voce:tuid Ia terrible air, If they wire not ftunI as tLhe Ball clock struck three, IHe'l han i ll the te s-rviiets he had befire tieaL So the poor, tremblihg thitngs search the whole of tits Of tlon (;t i'tn-e to <e-t wher- tire the I1-bra'elrts an:d rings. But no; the( tnt;iht altk or I In- n r t of ilGo wet:k, An ,thie ".n ni lind 'Ift the dItamonLtls a streak. tn tlh y o il ity t ittr I-rayers tw:th a liuk 'ster, For t lhy're -tire the3 'II be hanlged cre the tour o'elock' BUt, iark ! A noise is in the air- A li)l, e of cllatlt r! llug to Ith. Sir It.!rollI bo ,nne.s dlwn the st:air, 1li-..1wonl drawn fromu its sh,,at h. " ' ihit itansth ls,se ' f, Fromn whence this noise P Tha t strantige disetrd ot stiund ir" Ite rotors as lie, his sword dothi poise, Antd looks witlh angir round. Buit no atnswer gets lihe, for the hall clock strikes three, The toor olpens wide and a tumonkey they see All s tntrkhug with dliamionds, atil lookiug to all Like Lady L'Estrauge when diecked out tor a ball, For it wulks with such graee, at so mtuciuo a pace, That. -t broadl grlu soon spreads o'er each pale, frightened face ; Ani Sir tlarold himself gives some comical looks, And imutters at word which I think is " Aldzootiks !"' And ho, tears off the dlimlouds with bpeed from the IllOnky, And tenl. tlhet to Lady L'Estrange by a flunkey; 'Thon piardonls t he fiot tintul anld ttmaids becatuse they Hli:sir't l o t ,lei tlhe j.-wels tat all, by the way; And adjourns to his lady to drink some strong tea, F'ur a haulache hl-'d :tiot by his passion, you see. Ail the housemuidi ad butler acud tootmen atnd all Were last merry that igh in t the wide servants' hall. 111AUtGIE E. DENNY, Moate. 10.-Now, riddlling friends, my best I'll try 'Io r t y I ni in f Lix : Mly weholu will show to you that I I)o iu imber lette- s six. A letter nowt please take away, 'l'hotl ;l stlratig it seeml s, bnut true, If rightly idon, not doiubt you'll say That ti tet Itht wil come in view. Asskl: . I:EstLE:r, lHurtou.on-'T'reu:. 11.-My first is part of a machine ; Come now, my friends, you'll guess, I weeu. Cut offl its lie d, antd then you'll see 1'art of your !person it will be. l)ceapitate, here is a tisli, VWhlich some do think a wliolesom di-llh. AU;USTA 1F. I)DENNY, iMhoato. 12.-A mineral my first ; A racking pa:in my second, Of Iciitllluss the worst "'ts by its victims reCkoneId. P. G. A. 13.-A foreign fruit ; if you belhead, To wander tree you have instead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as swell its t te jititnals, formi a wordl. or wort.s.) Foundatlion tl'ords. 14.-By all the rich, the poor, 'tis sought, Tlihe wise, the foolish, young and old; It cannot be by riches bought, Not Iy rare g'ums or untold gold. "'is lovely in its purity, 'Tis priceless iu its rarity. 0 girls, what precious time in these you waste! They are but toolish fancies. Haste, thou hastel I.edeemi the momtnuts and such ftnicies fear, Your duty do, wake tup, and persevere! Cross Iordls. My first is the greatest and chiefest of all; My next a girl's name very easy to call: My third is related to Love, merry child; My fourth hals its meaning in peaceful and mild; My fifth you will be if this puzzle you tell; My sixth, part of the face that's useful to smell; My sevenuth is a riddle, you'll find I am right; My eighth is a beautiful, dancing bright light; My last plain in Justice's halnd you will see, 'Tis part of the fishes that dwell in the sea. EtITyH K. RENDL,. METAG RAMS. (Chatte the first letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-He stood amidst his men, his wealth and power His attitude did show-so grand, serene; Hi- nomen was Count 'lortimer de Gower- Street-Station-Smith-le-Jonson-Bethnal-Green. His form was slim, his brow and mouth capacious; His sword was long, and rattled as he walked; His face-untouched by substance saponaceous- Proclaimed him fierce when in his object baulked. His eyes were blue, and seemed to gaze in various I)irections when, in fact, they looked at you; His mode of riving was,'tis said, netarious, And lie performed grand deeds of " derring do." His primals were admitted men of bravery, Each had some foe most gallanutly demolished, And, being outlawed, lived by sword and knavery ; Their manners, like their boots, were quite unpolished. Dark tales were circulated by the villagers, Who held the count in wholesome fear and awe, How folks were often robbed, and how the pillagers Up to the piresent had defied the law. 1ow men--old men--were stopped upon the highway, And sotruck if they were very, very stout; And how the count did next, near Crackskull By-way, A boy, and turn his pockets inside out ! And thtus he demonstrated his great power. And frowned upon the world with awful mien, For was he not Count Mortimer de Gower- Street.Station-Smith-le-Jouson-Bethnal Green? G. Tnor. 16.-A squatter just at break of day His hut doth leave with speed; Rie takes a trusry first, old Tray, Who's proved a friend in need. O'er seconds steep, and deep with snow, They plod, when list I a third The hunter hears far down below, Atd sees the cause--a herd Of bisouns passiug to the lhills; He loads and shoots, but scarcely kills. AGONISTES, ac~lrs