RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
BMETAGRAM. 1.-I mind me of days in ihe dim long ago, E'er the warm joy of youth had been chilled by the snow Of sorrow, and still, Go wherever I will, Sweet memory spans the dark chasm of woe. In fancy the pretty old homestead I see, The ivy-crowned porch, and the shady oak tree, The first in the west, Where the sun sank to rest, And the second that flowed through the flowery lea. I gaze on the old-fashioned village again, The quaint little church, and the sweet conntry lane Where primroses grew, And the soft zephyrs blew Through the long, wavy grass in a whisp'ring refrain. Once more a dear head on my breast does recline, And a sweet, tender face is uplifted to mine, And those azure-blue eyes Still before me arise, And like radiant stars on my path ever shine. But within the churchyard is a little green tomb, Where the sweet immortelles and the violets bloom ; And the shadows that glide O'er Time's hurrying tide Sweet mem'ry enshroud in a mantle of gloom. And the Fates urge me on to the ocean of care YIt is life but a dream ? Is there naught bright and fair Still remaining for me ? Will not sorrow e'er flee ? My heart answers " Yes," and Hope conquers Despair I GiRuos THE AUTOMATON. ARlITHMOREM. Fou'lriation Word. 2.-O radiant star, That gleams across the yawning gap of space Which men call time, though thou art yet so far, Shall not the god of Perseverance face Despair, and in that hard-contested race Between fair Fame And dark Obscurity, reach thy grand goal To gain the victor's bays? And so my aim Is to reach thee, which, through dark clouds that roll, Shines like a beacon light, great, glorious whole 1 Cross Words. 2,000 and eurs Beautiful season Of sunshine and flowers; 1 ,, noncurs No man's seen these on This planetof ours; 1,101 ,, raghn Pleasing, delightful, Bewitchingly nice; 50 ,, euro Wicked and spiteful- A terrible vice; 100 ,, nee A charming relation, So gentle and sweet ; 551 ,, swrzante A beautiful nation Herein you will greet; 1,051 ,, eps Lust is this effusion From my humble lyre; So I'm, in conclusion, Your Iriend, CHILD OF FTrs. ACROSTIC. Cross Words. s.-A country in Asia; A boy's Christian name; A river in Russia; A man known to fame; A city in England; A weapon now see; The path of a planet; A bird last will be. Foundation Word. The primals a poet Now living will show. This little con.'s ended, So now I must go. A. J. HILTON. OMEGRAM. 4.-He sat in his " third floor back," Oneubeantiful night in June, And though the toothache did his temples rack, First penning an ode to the moon. He wrote: " Thy silvery light Sheds shimmering shadows pale," When the stillness deep of the summer night First disturbed by a plaintive wail. He groaned, then commenced again: "Thy sweet face upon me smiles," When, borne on the wind in a sad refrain, Came a shriek from the neighboaring tiles Then he sang once more,in despair, " 0 Musa, inspire my lute 1"- A yell ; then a missile flies through the air, And the poet has lost a boot. He presses his hand to his brow, And murmurs a tender hymn. The silence is darker and deeper now, And his rushlight is growing dim. His features are next with woe, Yet o'er his poem he gloats, When a hundred solos resound below, From a hundred feline throats. His ode to the moon he burns, And frantically seeks for a brick; Then his toothache, with venomous sting, returns, And that poet's a Luna-tic! F. R. CounsoN, Bow. MONOPHONE. 5.-Brenilda was a maiden fair, whose home was by the sea. Of female charms possessed a share, for beautiful was she; For that no credit was deserved-'tis not a thing of will. The character that damsel had made her more lovely still. She first at early morning, when the larks were on the wing ; They did not give her warning-she'd ere then be up and sing, Getting father's breakfast ready, when that fisherman came back From his overnight excursion in the tarry fishing-smack. Thus, you see, Brenilda governed all proceedings in her cot, Admiration, too, and love earned by contentment with her lot. She'd prepare the finny trophies technically termed the "take," Or industriously mend the nets which often chanced to break. Fish were plenteous-for that reason she would salt them well and sling Where the strong peat smoke would seize on and to proper flavour bring (Their appearance on the rafters as they hung festooned on third, An artist would term "picturesque," and other folks "absurd "). When this process was completed (it was lengthy, by the She would, comfortably seated on her donkey, some fine day, To the nearest fishing market take the edibles for sale 'Her father had enmeshed and slain in sunshine, storm, and gale. To buy the spoils of ocean the purchasers would come, And, with a nipping motion of finger tips and thumb, Compress the herrings' corpses full many times and oft, Hard seconds to discriminate and separate from soft. This enterprising maiden her business soon completes, Returns home, lighter laden, while counting her receipts And estimating profits. Her father her commends; So, with his commendation, our narrative now ends. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey, ROTATION CHANGE. 6.--'Twas to the first sweet Alice went, To next her little tin, But when upon the brink she bent She chanced to third therein. She did not fourth to give 'a scream, And loudly cry for aid. And quick we ran towards the s'ream, And rescued that last maid. STosu Attn REA.
MLETAGRAMS. 7.-A wide, yawning gap showed the spot where the bridge Spanned the gulch but a moment before, And wildly the wind dashed o'er crag, peak, and ridge In a fitful, tempestuous roar. The pointsman had died at his post like.a man- With the bridge he had gone to his doom-- And night now enshrouded the.earth like a ban, Whilst darker and deep grew the gloom. Then slowly along the dark track a boy came To the spot where the bridge erst had been. And wildly he shoutel his father's loved name-- But no more would that father be seen I But, hark I in the distance that thundering sound, Now lost, now approaching again I And the boy madly cries, as he gazes around, "Oh, heaven ! the train! 'Tis the train I" He painfully limps down the iron.bound track, On the second then takes he his stand. Stillon comes the first through the night's Stygian black, And the red lantern gleams in his hand. And now he is waving it wildly on high, All heedless of Peril's dark frown, And borne on the wind comes the shrill warning cry : " The bridge-oh, the bridge is blown down!" A crash and a third loudly rang through the night I On the brink of the precipice wide Stayed the first; but the child layall ghastly and white. In saving the train he had died I CouLsoN AND IlITERS. 8.-One summer's eve I started out; On angling I was bent, And so, with rod and line equipped, Off to the brook I went. Ere very long a hapless first The tempting bait did seize; le struggled till at last death did His vain exertions ease. And as the day began to fade, I homewards made my way, And met with some musicians, who On last did sweetly play. HATES AND STOLES. HIDDEN ANIMALS REVERTED. 9,-Now g, t up, Tom, or yon 1'll baste. " I am up, Jack." All right ; make haste. "Do you like boats P" No, I like swings; They are the best of all these things. They are gitanas, Tom, and they Will all be gone before the day. Will you go, Dan, to see the show ? I think you'd really like to go. Now, that accounts for all this row. Don't let him loose, you've got him now. Now, that's a cube, Zach ; don't you see ? I thought you could tell that to me. Now, go and strip at once, like him, And then please come and learn to swim. Oh, no: Siberia is north, And this, my lad, is near the Forth. NoN OaNsxs MorIAR. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundationt IVords. 10.-Who doth excel in puzzling cons. That quite distract the solving dons., A champion 'mong champions, Is centrals. Cross Words. Behead a fowl, the head retain, And you my first will surely gain. "What care I for his next," he criad, " Since he my might hath now defied ?" This man for third was widely known; 'Twas in his conduct plainly shown. Around the farmhouse, there they go, With measured tread, both proud and slow. Hie was quite fifth in grace and speed; Lnt's hope he'll after this take heed. A famous riddler, known to all; 'Tis neither Binstead nor MI'Call. You're seventh, sir, can you not see ? So take yourself away from me. The fort for ten long hours was next, But they would yield on no pretext. A ninth, I trust, this con. will be, If it in young Folks you should see. "This next sold cheap," the salesman cries, And to dispose of them lihe tries. Now I am done, and all I'll say Is that, my last you'll lind in nay. R. GRANT. CHARADES. 11.-A beautiful day in the month of May, We strolled by the water's side. "I would like," cried I, as afirst passed by, " To row o'er the surging tide. Be a good second, for I have reckoned To take a nice sail to-day." Now, he hadn't meant to give his consent To let me go sail away; But he was so kind as to change his mind, Which proved he was fond of me; And a wlole he hailed, and away we sailed, Out over the lovely sea. GERAItDUS. 12.-My first had ceased, when out there came Full many a knight and courtly dame, To try their skill beside the river, With second girt and well-filled quiver. Now, o'er their heads my whole appears, And from green branches hanging tears Of first bright sparkle in the rays, On one of April's fav'r:e days. P. M'CALL, Dublin. CENTRAL DELETION. 13.-Far beneath the earth I'm found; Ofttimes far beneath the ground Men dig for me. My value is known to the poor around, And many hungry oan be found For want of me. VENTO. LOGOGRIPH. 14.-My first's a story, that's quite plain; Behead, a liquid comes to view; Transpose, a meadow now is seen. The end, to all I bid adieu. CARAcTACUS, Brighton. CURTA ILME NT. 15.-An armour for the head first find; Curtail it twice. and see What's to be found on every ship That sails across the sea. IM. L. Riw, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. 16.-I am a kind of magic spell, So please to find me out; Transpose, and then what soldiers do You'll see, without a doubt. S. W. Harcs, Worcester.