RIDDLE TOUlRNAMENT', DUAW A)MI. )pn the first two letters of a woz ) to form nnoothor Word.)
1.- Tho blossoms are drooping In meadow and lea, The grey mists are gathering Over the sea. The cold winds are sighing- Are sighing o'erhead, For autumn is dying, And summer is dead. The trees are deserted, Their branches are bare; The warblers have left us For climates more fair. On firstsswiftl! flying They southwa! d have sped, For autumn is dying, And summer is dead. The highways and byways All gloomy appear, And chilly December Not last will be here. 'Tis no use denying The facts I have said- That autumn is dying, And bummer is dead. MARnIo TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DUAGRAnMS. (Ohinge the first two letters of a" wrd to form anotlher word, ex- plressed In tile narrative.) 2.-'Tis Christmas Day, and o'er the frostb.onud earth The village bolls, so clearly, sweetly pealing, Proclaim the story of the Saviour's birth, And soothe each heart with calm and holy feeling. The village lane is gleaming white with frost, Where Nature, with a lavish hand, has scattered Her frosty gems; the hedges now are lost In snowy bed, where oft the rain has pattered. Now night draws on apace. From ashen grey The sky has darkened slowly into sable; From hall and cottage stream a cheery ray, Where young and old are gathered round the table. The scarlet-berried holly decks the walls, Which ring with sh ,uts of glee and childish laughter; Some liuger round the mistletoe, that falls Enticingly from chandelier or rafter. The girlish laughter ripples like a rill, While angel voices softly seem to say, "On earth be peace, to ev'ry man goodwill. Rejoice I be glad I for this is Christmas Day." F. IARKER,, Herne Hill. 8.-- oll out, sweet bells, across the snow; O ver the hills your chimes are ringing, S oftly and clearly, sweet and low, A joyful message of Christmas, bringing B lessings and peace to all below. MAUDE DOUGLAs, Camberwell. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 4.- Christmas at home What bright pictures of glad- ness Arise at the mention of those simple words- Words which have power to dispel grief and'sadness, And touch in our bosoms some answering chords I As in first log-cabin the settler sits dozing, While witching the bright hurning Yule-logs, will come A vision, 'twixt next and the fire interposing, Of loving ones spending their Christmas at home. Christmas at home ! Oh, how quickly awaken Sweet mem'ries of bright, happy times long ago In ahe minds of the aged, who once more are taken In spirit 'mongst friends whom of yore they did know I While for the gay schoolboy, when slowly is nearing The end of the half, in that season of gloom There beams like a star in a cloud.rift appearing The gladdening prospgcu of Christmas at liome, Christmas at home I Ah, how great is the pity I feel for all those who this joy never know-- For those whose sole home is the streets of the city, Whose lot is, alas I naught but misery and woe I Oh, would that these waifs who receive their full measure Of sorrow knew some of the joys that oft comei To others more favoured I Oh, would that the plea sure They, too, might experience of Christmas at Home ! A. AntBERLEY, Manchester, DOUBLE NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letters from teo 'word, lo vring two other words expressaed in tle narmrative.) 5.-The old year is dying; slow, but sure, The hands move o'er the painted dial, With melancholy tick the while, To bring him near'r to Death's door. Tiekl tick I with mournful cadence, still The minutes swift anward fly, Whilst Death is hovorinig- close by To exercise his awful will. A few more strokes, and then he must, At Time's command, with one..sntifi blow * Lay this old year for ever low, To moulder slowly into dust. On moves the hand, unchecked its course, It still doth 'lowly up\laid rise; The death.film dims the old year's eyes, As he feels Death's all coniq'ring_ force. On goes the hand; he turns his head, And, see, he now grows ashen pale; The bells ring out to'tell the tale-i- 'Tis twelve o'clock, the old year's dead. J. C. COLLIER. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETIO. (Drop a letter from tlhe' erute of a word toform ano her, expressed in tlhe nairrative.) a.-Health to you all a and I wish you the joys of the season- The joys of the serdh to ev'ry dear friend gathered here ; Here is my hanid I sh l it surely were equal to treason Not to oin with, yotAll in toast to King Christmas, Drink to hig , friends ! Lt us pledge Father Christmas toghther . Think of hai rae.endship unaltered to you and to me; Ay I he is old, ahd ill suits hii, I ween, the rough ,weather . Yet le irjhere with his genial smile, as you seg. Join with me now as I drink to the health of another- H1er'sto.g e Ed. ,may he long. live to rule us as pare I smet cheegs ol good.wit the harsh voice of dull enmity tei divefrom the heart any iliUwill that lies here's to the---- But my "decanter,. I find, wants ', .mytq h ueth .. a goblet.of :good-ginger beer I .A6eu~ ., Kenlpsh O;m
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (Tithe final letters, as well ao the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation 1le ds. 7.-Another changeful year has floated o'er us, Another Chrstmas drawethl very near; Another Double Numb,-r lies before us, And eagerly we view the contents here. What primals we experience! HIow delighted Are we to glance the teeming pages through ! And haply get tremendously excited, On seeing one of ours amongst them too. And then the little ones around us cluster, All clamouring for the pictures-that's their share. Oh! what a hurry, what a pleasant fluster, To cut the leaves and serve the longed-fot fare 1 No drear suspense bor doubtings now torment us; We all sit down and revel in the treat, And thank deir Ed. for finals he has sent us, Voting the Christmas N. success complete. Gross Words. A beaten pass or way; A Northern constellation; To dress, fit out, arrpy; This city's situation In Belgium yoq'll find; Twelve priests in old mythology; To loose or to unbind; Belongs kthis to geoeogy; A Scriptural proper name; And ninlth is just the same. Ane AND EVELINE. Foundation lWords. 8.-Who is this with heard so hoary P Who is this in robes of white ? Like some genie famed in story, Comes he on this Christmas night. This is he with boundless treasures, Loved of little girls and boys, For to each he fondly measures Stocking-full of Christmas toys. Cross Words. His ear is deaf when Faith doth plead, For doubt begins and ends his creed. Almost the first to know sweet life; The very first to feel Death's knife. Beware, when you the ocean sail, Of this, if it should blow a gale. In Prussian Saxony a town ; A place of battles, be it known. A people famous in their day, But pleasure sapped their life away. - C. P. MITCHELL. Foundation Words. 9.-Two characters are here displayed, To Yountg Folks readers known; A lively lad, a robust maid, In each of them is shown. Cross Words. A kind of dance in first descry; And yesterday you next your dinner; A vehicle now greets the eye; A boy's name, true as I'm a sinner. A quadruped in fifth you'll see; My sixth means noise, but needs curtailing; My next means help, and something small, In eighth to see you'll not be failing. Part of a chapel'nintih will state, A negative in tents discover; A word for level here relate; Last means to gape. BMy riddle's over. T. STonR. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostlc. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals exp ressed in ligures.) Foundation Word. l0.-'Tis primal! 'tis primtal The merry bells peal; O'er woods, dells, and mountains the sounds softly steal, Bringing tidings of gladness to all everywhere, Expelling from each heart the shadow of care. Now away with all grief-let our troubles be o'er, For the primal has came to rejoice us once more. Cross Words. 150 and do No doubt you feel this. 1 ,, pansheps You might call it bliss. 50 ,, er I suppose you this now. 101 ,, e Rather slippery, I trow. 551 ,, so What some do at this time. 100 ,, to Bells do this when they chime. 1,006 ,, reyr The primal is so. 101 ,, afar Did you ever there go ? 55 ,, eso My rhyme I'll now end, So pray last it, my friend. A merry, jolly Christmas And prosperous New Year I wish to our dear Editor And all the riddlers here. W. F. NoLAN, Clonmel. DOUBLE OMEGRAbI. (Chanigm the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 11.-King Christinas has come with his weather so cold- We'll give him a greeting quite hearty; The children for holidays homeward have come (In prospect there's many a party). The holly with berries so red is displayed, The mistletoe's hung in the centre; My sister adjusted the latter, and I- Well, I did not first to prevent her. Relations all tell me how tall I have grown. And s6me say- But this I'll not mention; To write here relations' too candid remarks I'm quite sure was not my intention. But foolscap is nearly exhausted, and so I soon now last stop for that reason u; But 'fore I have finished, I'll wish to you all The compliments of this bright season. J. STocKS, Lambeth, DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 12.-The bells are ringing loud and clear- Glad tidings to each home they bear, In city first and country fair, For now 'tis Christmas Day. The berries red 'midst holly green In every homestelad-now are seen, And children through the air so keen Run merrily and play. While roeind the hearth the parted meet, Once more old Christmastide to greet; For 'tito all a next good treat When.it doth come its way. And many children, poor and sad, Upon this joyous day are glad; For they are fed and warmly clad- Their hearts are blithe and gay. Oh, Christmas bright, you're welcomed here- To rich and lioor you brinig good cheer, Anid brighten all the prospect drear While you with us do stay. HELENA T, DENNr. '"HARADE. (Formed ona word esch syllable of whloh Is a word.) 13.-My flrs' is the reverse of old; A weight for secont take; ico a cruntma nsion iss- Inak;e. c. . ..
CURTTAILIMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavijn another word.) 14.-Hurrah ! hurrah! with joyful cheer We welcome Father Christuas here, And sing his praise with full, united chorus; His ruddy, ever-smiliug face, In all its olden pride aud grace, Again-aud oh, how welcome !-lies before us. Hurrah! hurrah! with jocund glee Once more the holly boughs we see Hung up with neot-faced mistletoe above us; And round the glowing, roaring fire, That never seems to first or tire, Are gathered all the darling friends who love us. What though the sunw, in ridges deelp, May on each hedge and roadway sleep. And keenly blow the wind around our dwelling; All warm, and gay, and glad within, We raise iiur iierry shout an;d din, While every heart with love and joy is swelling. Then let us tune our Christmas song In hearty pmans, loud and long, To thank our dear old friend in boundless measure; 'Twill fill his noble heart with joy, To know th It every girl and boy In Christmas greetings finds so grand a plea-ure. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wogl .) 15.-It was Christma.s eve, and the fierce wind tore Round the fisher's cot with a piercing shrill; And the sea-gull screamed'midst the sea's hoarse roar, As the white foam dripped from its gaping bill. Through the window-pane, with a face so pale, Gazed a fair young wife 'cross the raging sea; And a prayer went up with a mournful wailt "Merciful God, spare my husband to me!" And the tears first out as she turned her head Where her sweet babe laiy in its cot asleep, And passionately kissed its cheeks, bright red, For its father, out on the storm-tossed deep. Ah, she thought of that kiss when he said, " Good-bye! I shall only be just one night away; Cheer up, daring wife-dry your tearful eye; I'll return the morn before Christmas Day." And the morn had gone, and the eve had come, And, oh, yet no sign of his boat in sight; And her heart sank down, and her hands wnxed numb, As she strained her eyes through the fearful night. Then a faint, glad cry from her pale lips fell As the door latch was li ted from its rest; And she unext to the form she loved so well, And with joy was clasped to her husband's breast. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. 16.-Ye riddling knights and ladies whose muses never fail, Draw nigh, and give attention to this " wery" simple tale ; You will first it interesting, and your next it will anuss ; If the language is too simple, then I hope you will excuse. When this little tale is ended, then the moral you may fiud, For there ne'er was yet a story that no lesson had behind, And this " wary " curious story was about-well, let me see, I'm afraid my memory's getting worse than o'er it used to be. Yes, this tale was all about- There I I have clean forgot it all, Though I " spun the yarn" at one time with no hitch in it at all ; You must give your last attention to another poet's rhyme, And this "wvery" simple story I will tell another time. R. DYE, Valetta. 17.-My boss is rather hard on me; He says, because he's slack, He thinks that lie will have to be A-giving me the sack. But this it is, that I'm below, While he is up aloft; And while I think that he is hard, I know he thinks I'm soft. He told outr chief some other place He thought I'd better hunt; Thus waiting till I'd turned my back To first me an affront. I wish I was at school again- Why can't they send me back P For there, although I "played the bag," I never got the sack. But never mind-I'll not laest long- My system's racked with shocls; But how I wish he'd turn that sack Into a Christmas-box ! H. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The two central letters of a word are changed to form another word, exprossed in the narratlve). 18.-A Twinkling sky above, a peaceful world below, M oOnbeams of radiance sull-a grand sight 'twas, I know; E 'en As t glanced o'erhead, my eyes in rapture held, R ecaLled me back to earth, a snowball well propelled. R ecoiLed I from the shock, then, boiling o'er with rage, Y elled Out an angry word, and flew, dread war to wage. (C ould yoU, oh, merry bards, what happened me surmise, H ow soon a Ray of grief would peep from out your eyes !) R esolute I Ran then, but ere I had far sped, I viewed in mEek surprise, my feet above my head. So quickly Ii Ad gone, that I did not perceive T hat on the roaD a slide lay there me to receive. Much pained in pEace of mind, I slowly upward got, A nd sadly homewaRds went, to ponder o'er my lot. S ince then, oh, bardS, I've found a way to shun that spot. D. Monnis, Glasgow. ENIGMAS. 19.-Good morning, friends. How do you do P I give you greeting kind and true, And beg myself to introduce, Because to yoa I am of use. You're all acquainted with me well- Each handsome beau and pretty belle, And use me in a thousand ways, A lot of which I cannot praise. To heroes of our " Tournament" My precious aid I've always lent; And some by me adcoinplish good In helping to reform the rude. As ancient as the hills am I, And I can never, never die, Till time itself shall be no more, And all for good or ill be o'er. I hellied to frame our mioble laws And lend my aid to every cause; The rich, the poor, the strong, the weak, Do alwayk my assistance seek. And though I've never shown my face To any of 'the human race, I do confess that I am feared By some, as much as Fm revered. 1 bite, I cut, I often soothe And I can make the rough path smooth; By using just a little skill, I mould most people to my will. Pucer, Ballymena. 20.-Long and round, Sharp aid sound, Hard ahd thiS, With eye in sling. 0f, W, 8I4PJ4Es..Q...QSI,
NARRATIVE IMETA-OoEGIIA~ . (Chango the first an I la't letters of a word to form another word, oxnressed il the narrative.) 21.-It was Christmas night, and the blazing light Of the Ynul:-lor's ruddy glow Iliumiued the children's f,mces bright As they scamnpered to and fro; And loudly delighted voices rang Within the hall, Whou the Christmas tree was there unveiled Before them all. But the laughter died, and the youngsters lhied To their places round the fire, And there they patiently did abide What all children so admire- The tale grandfat.her could tell so well, And make so true; And what astonished them all so much I'll tell to you. In Kallakalloe, long ages ago, Lived a diver named Moree, A wonderful man who had no foe, So honest and good was he. And daily he dived beneath the sea, With bag in hand. To seek for the pearls that lay below Far from the land. Now, the mermaid's queen, the pretty Cee.Greanc, From a secret grot. one day, Had seen Moree in hi. sea/ch so keen, And had lost her heart straightway. And she then resolved to get him down Beneath the sea, And there entice him with loving words Her lord to be. So, one fatal day, without much delay, A body of ocean belles Seized poor Moree and took him away To a palace built of shells ; And there he was forced to make Cee-Greane His loving wife, And promise to love and cherish her Throughout his life. In Kallakalloe, when the night winds blow O'er the surface of the deep, 'Tis said that Moree still lives below, But he only lives to weep; And the wind, whene'er it moves along Across the sea, Gives voice to poor Moree's plaintive song, "Oh, to be free 1" PHILo, Dundee. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Folunldation Word. 22.-'Tis coming, swiftly coming, 'Mid the winter's frost and snow, For the summer flowers are withered, And the autumn's amber glow Fromt the sky is slowly fading, And the chilly north winds blow ; Yea, 'tis coming, swiftly coming, You will welcome it, I know, Cross Words. The winding first lanes now look gloomy and drear, Tall mountains and second through dark mist-s appear; The once-flowing third and the light, sparkling rill, With Iborth thickly mantled, are silent and still. How shrieks the north wind over meadows and lakes, As the blinding fifth falls down in feathery flakes I The lone robin sings in the old elm sixth l oar, Warbling his seventh note mellow and clear; So though eighth winds threaten and keen be the blast, He'll cheer our sad hearts with his gay little last. MARION AND CLARA. Foundation Wtord. 23.-C hristmas bells again are ringing, stealing over hill and dale; H appily for many centuries have they rung that sweet old tale. R also we then a shout of gladness, making many an echo ring, I nasmuch our greatest primal did a Christmas morning bring. Cross Words. S o gaily is third house adorned with box, and firsl, and holly- T he mistletoe, especially, some people think is jolly; M ethinks that I prefer the red unto the berries white. A lthough beneath the second one oft fourth a charming sight. S o happily old friends now meet that have for long been parted; T his seems a fifth sext to forgive and cheer the broken- hearted. I ndeed, I've but one reason last just seventh to give this rhyme: D ear readers, 'tis to wish to you a happy Christmas time. E d., will you kindly, too, accept this heartfelt wish of mine ? F. PHIL.P.Ii'. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of whiclt form other words when rearranged as the inuotibers dlirect. 24.-Hail to thee, jolly season-l Who thy praises would not sing ? Our benison be on thee for the blessings thou dost bring, Peace and goodwill again proclaim, each drooping soul to cheer; The merry bells ring joyously to bid thee welcome here. 7, 8, 9, 6 'Tis seen upon a vessel; 5, 6, 8, 3 Observe it in the sky; 2, 8, 3, 6 An animal you guess'll; 8, 3, 7 Part of yourself descry 1, 2, 8, 3, 6 'Tis used in navigation; 3, 8, 5, 2 Pray ne'er be over-last. And now my conversation With you, alas ! is past. J. A. MARSHALL.