RIDI)LE TOURNAMENT. META-OMEGRItA. ibnnge the first and I~ lst letters of a word to form another word.)
1.-She was standing by the stile That divides the fields of whant, When the autumn sun was waning in t he west, And the swayine trees the while Cast their leaflets at her feet. Leaflets tinted brown and red, like robin's breast; And a tiny timorous smile Flit. across her face so sweet, As she lingered, half afraid the charm to test. 0 the lapwing chirped a song He had first the summer round. And the dew upon the brier glistened bright, And the branches threw their loil Slanting shadows o'er the groin d, Grimly grnesome in the mystic evening light, While the maiden's faltering tongue Whispered wishes deep, profound, As the moon went sailing o'er her, calm and white. From the copse a startled bird Soars towards the western red, Where the peaks are framed with glorious bars of gold ; And the maiden's wish is heard, And she bows her tiny head, For there's some one coming swiftly o'er the wold; And there's last a whispered word 'Ninth the swaying branches said, For the "story," though so olden, is retold. MAenloN TAYLOn, London. NARRATIVE M1 ETA-3OMEGRAIIS. (Chang tIhe first ant last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the nar. alive.) 2.-Ah, yes, I'm in love, it is true, dear, In love in real earnest, my pearl, And a smile or a sentence from you, dear, Would set my poor head in a whirl. Though I hope, love, I shall not come under Your scorn for confessing so frank, For I can't help but love you, and wonder How much you have got in the bank I Alas! I'm in debt, itis true, dear, In debt, and my heart feels so sad, Though it needs but one small word from you, dear, To make it feel joyous and glad. Ai d I have no compunction in stating- FPr I know you're in one of your pets- That sonner or later for waiting You'll bless me and pay all my debts! Ahli, nme! I'm in gaol, it is true, ilear, In naol, and the time goes so s'ow, And here I've been waiting for yonu, dear, P'er a couple of fortnights or So. Oh, how coan! I tell while I tarried- For I never once thought I shoultd fail- That you'd run away a d get manrrinl, Andi leave them to put me in gaol l 11. A. TAxy.oit, Birkenhead. 3.-A young doctor, who, on the Tyne Had worked quite hard for his degree, Found ambition unsatisfied, And roanmed Ihrouuh life quite " fancy free." One night, being present at a ball, He danced with a lass quite full of fun; And wishing to kiss her, asked for leave, But wishes now he'd asked for none. His long nose proved too long; and when He whispered in sweet tones and low His mnild request to our fair friend, This was her answer, " No, sir, no! " No matter what reliance I Upon a doctor's skill may place, I anlwys shun a d etor's bill- At least, a bill stuck in my face!" DRENON AND ARCHER B. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative) 4.-Oh i noms de pliume are all the rage, And so I think I'11 take one. There's vacant spots upon this page, And so I think I'll tdake one. Each riddller praises high his friends, Enulogies now each one sends,- Said " ologies " to self-pride tends, And so I think I'll taae one. I've invitations here, a score, And -o I think I'll take one. And I expect ten thousand more, And so I think I'll tl Ie one. I to a party went-'twas bliss- I had one dance, thou said, " Sweet miss, Yoa look so nice, I'd like a kiss, And so I think I'll take one." I hear that lodgings are a treat, And so I think I'll take one. There's ten to let here in our street, And so I think I'll take one. I've been here but a week, not more, My room is on the fourteenth floor, I've notices to quit-a score-- And so I think I'll take one. The goldsmith has some pretty things, And so I thi:k I'll take one; But, best of all, has wedding-rings, And so I think I'll take one. Ol, married ".iss may mean hut-strife, I'm tired . f this sad single life, I'd really like to have a wife, And so I think I'll take one. There's sever al paths that lead to fame, And so I think I'll take one. There's nothing stops me but a name, And so I think I'll tnake one, T mean to rise up in this bonok, )ante Fortune's "goose " I mean to "cook," 1 hear ten offers-" take your hook "- And so I think I'II take one. JatENILE JonaNIe. ANAGBRAIS ON SHAKESPEARIAN CHARACTERS. 5.-He ran along, and shouted out, " Old boy, I am in love at last, so wish me joy !" The lard is on the dresser, on a plate; So we can make the pie, at any rate. I love a sail oi river, lake, or sea; Can anything more really pleasant be P I saw Ton on an omnibus in town; And so presume that he is coming down. There was one lord, a man who seemed to be As jolly as I'd ever wish to see. I very soon appeared upon the scene, As soon as I was rid of Billy Green. Shoetn all the cards you have, for I declare I cannot find the seven anywhere. I think 'twill be decidedly the best, If I can flce along with all the rest. J. A. MAnsanLL, Southwark. CONUNDRUM. 6.-Before I put aside my pen, Will you please to kindly state Why the letter and towel called E Always is unifortainate P H. CAnyon, Hamopetead,
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 7.-I watched him as he ran about, When day was drawing to an end, Amonnst the thronR, now in, now out, Much quicker than these words are penned; And oft he gave a piercing shont " Here y'ar', sir, hextry spesbul !" I loitered, though 'twas snowing fast. His boots were worn. his hands were bare, His clothes of wear had seen the last, Of cold he seemed quite unaware, But only shouted as he passed. "Here y'ar', sir, hextry speshul!" I called him, and he ceased his cries; T asked him if he was not coid: He gazed at me in mute surprise, And then replied in manner bold, ' Oh, ain't you green, I say, my eyes! Here y'ar', sir, hextry speshul !" Cross Words. In first, without trouble, no doubt, you'll discern A British possession; its name now please learn. The flames were leaping high into the air, When suddenly of next a cry arose; The madly-rushing horses soon were there, And firemen speedily hid out the hose. For third, mayhap, you all will seek; It comes, I'm positive, each week. A continental river you'll descry; A city famous on this river's seen: To solve this I am ce-tain yen shneel try- You cannot fail to find out what I mean. A puzzle here you'll -ea Oft found within the " T." 'T:. pleasant to walk far along the broad beach, And lnok at the sea neat so wide (Far distant the sky to the sea scenes to reach), And be drenched by the irncoming tide. And now, as I much have exceeded my time, A pronoun indite to conclude this small rhyme. J. STOCsiS, Southwark. Focundafion Word. .--I dreamed a dream mysterious, and 'fore my vision canue A very ancient temple, with a very ancient name; And within this temple's precincts I saw a beauteous maid, Who stood before an altar, in white priestly robes arrayed. Then on mine ear there fell a voice, it was the god's she Forved, Who said. " I love you, priestess dear," in manner quite absurld. Then bout lie down to kiss her cheek, when-strange the w ys of fate !- His precious spouse came on the scene, and 'ganu him nmuch to rate. But t.ow the strangest part of all-the god, to quell the row, The pretty, blushing priestess changed into a milk-white cow I And so I woke-I woke and found that l riials was to be The cow, but to a goddess changed, as you will surely see. Crnss IVWords. For some the wheel of life roet round; For him the wheel of death was found. To seinme the chase meant length of days; To him departure from life's ways. "O, hang all love I" some say in pride; "I'll hang for love," he said, and died. Some men on things divine presume; He tried it on, and met his doom. C. P. MITCHELL. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. P.--Often do we sit and ponder o'er the names we used to know; Names " as household words familiar " in the " Tourney" long ago. Why this silence, so continued ? Shall we never hear the song Of each first and ancient second who have absent been so long ? There was Binstead, Lottie W.-their cons. were very ni ice- Wehad Melancholy Harry. Tommy Kitchner and Price; We had Pickering and Harrington, Adcock and Coulson too. Bat, although they now are absent, we have still a hardy crew. We ha.re still a fine assembly, with a lndy at the fore Who is justly celebrated, as we've often said before. Now we will not tarry loneer, bunt continue with the rest Of this very simple puzzle, which no doubt you'll soon have guessed. Cr.oss Words. "Watcher say, missus. I waters my first, And the colour's made up, too, with chalk ? Bee parden, lut really, y'onghter know, mum, That it's whiting we use on this ' walk l' " Of a river our second you'll find is the name ; From a town which it runs through a great poet came. Out from the harbour the vessel has sailed, For a far distant country 'tis bound ; A British possession. (The word is curtailed, But we think 'twill be very soon found). No physic or third, dear doctor, for me; I'm as happy and well as I ever shall be. Of this acrostic fifth ycu've had; We freely own 'tis very bad. If that's your opinion, we'll finish it fast, And bid you, dear friends. a very good last. J. A. MansrnALL AnD Jo-KING. Foundatioo n tWor'ds. 10.-The rattle of the drum, the bugle's call, Sound o'er the field-the scene of bitter strife, Where enemies in savage combat fall, And, yielding not, will struggle on while life Remains, or e'en one spark of manhood glows Within the hearts so stern, relentless, brave, That beat beneath the scarlet coats of those Who, fearless, march into a yawning grave. Cross Words. This con's, solution you will see next week, But in the first the answer kindly seek. When you have found my nexst. you'll surely see A province in the west of Germany. When Cupid. with true aim, his third has shot At you, friend, you're in love-now, are you not ? A word that means unlawful is Itbis light; But pray curtail it, or you won't be right. Blne were her eyes, her linps were made to kiss; ser hair was-no, not red, my friends--but this. If e'er you pop the question, sirs. 'twill grieve You much if you this answer should receive. ]. L, JEPFERSOo AND A. AMBERLEY. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each sylabhle of which is a word.) 11.-Tarke a colour for my frst, And noext a kind of snake; They will, if placed together, A Sc'ottish river make. CkbROrseeg HObrow4r.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the samve in sound.) 12.-I remember, I remember, When first I 'gan to write; The days I let my hair grow long And scribbled late at night. Yes, up there in my attic dim, When no one was about, I tortured scores of Saxon word'. And hosts of cons,. wrote out. I remember, I remember, The day I sent 'em off ; And how I licked a pal of mine Because ho tried to scoff! At last I read-" Your cose. are safe"- " Safe, safe !"-I yelled, I think- " Safe in the Waste P. 11. d-ar sir." That made my spirits sink! Iremember, I remember, My mind was made up then; I'd have a " hair cut " and become, Well, civilized again. Old Crop's " saloon " now comes to mind, His scissors like a saw, The mirrors where the spiders dwelt, And last, not least, his jaw. I remember, I remember, Old Crop's perennial smile; " Shave, sir ?" he asked. though whiskerless MIy chin was all the while. I'd stood the editor's grim chaff- True, he was out of reach ! But I resolved a thin;r orfirst That barber I would teach. I remember, I remember, The wild but bloodless fight. We grappled, tnril led, rolled, and gasped All through th t long, lon, night. Then morning cane-the bobbies next; They marched mue off to gaol. Next day the " beak " remanded me. Meautime, I'm out on bail i AGONISTES. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 13.-Tt comes with a sigh. and a gust, and a shiver, And madly it scurries the houses aro'und, And out in the country it causes to quiver The trees-yet still onward with light joyous bound; Now gentle and soothing, in fairy-like whispers, Now madly and frenziedly tearing along, Its progress unfettered- The free autumn wind is the theme of my song. And out on the ocean the great -plashing water It stirs in froth-crested and glistening waves, And tears round the ships, which withstand with great hauteur The wind as it roars and their staunch timbers laves, And dashes the spray far across the great ocean, And bellows the heavenly cloudlets among, Its course unimpeded- The free autumn wind is the theme of my song. Again in the towns it is hailed with a greeting Of curses and swearing in terms I'd call low! And causes too often the unwelcome meeting (If black, muddy roads and your Sunday chapean. It frightens the horses, and irritates people, And brings out remarks that are certainly wrong- Its was still unhampered: The free autumn wind is the theme of my song. R.. W. AnDmaws, Hampltead. METAGRAMS. (Changes the flnt letter of ia word to foram another word.) 14.-I found a dog one day last week, While strolling in the town, Its hair was long, its bearing meek, And all who saw it. although it had apparently been sleeping in a ditch, said that its coat was brown. I took it home and gave it food, It was so thin and spare; I scrubbed him clean, as best I could, And, after a while, did not object to him nestling on my knees at meal-time, that he might have a share. But close acquaintance breeds the sniff; The dog soon changed his micn, Though I would not have cared much, if He had not come in one day, and, with unsurpassable im. pudence, poked his nose into my meat and collared all the lean. Such cheek, of course, I could not stand, I felled him like a log, I found ia rope, then noosed it, and Promptly strung him up, let him hang five minutes, cut him down, and sold him toapie.shop. Moral: Never find a dog. THiE BLACK P'RINCE, O. L. C. 15.-Oh, did you with a rolling eye, With throbbing brain and heavy sigh, To write a sonnet ever try ? Oh, tell this doggerel bard 1 Or has the smile of pretty girl, With fairy form and teeth of pearl, E'er made you feel just in a whirl ? Oh, tell this doggerel bard I Oh, say if you first sing a song, And the musician went all wrong, Then should you mutter language strong P Oh, tell this doggerel bard ! Or, if you just began to sing Neat ballads in our " Tourney " ring. Now, next the subject be to " Spring " ? Oh, tell this doggerel bard ! When you are caught in heavy rain, when shooting corn is giving pain, Oh, do you ever then complain ? Oh, tell this doggerel bard! Oh. have you ever had to stand And listen to a German hand, And wished them all in Fathorland ? Oh, tell this doggerel bard ! F. 5. ArLInoN. 16.-Unmask, unmask, 0 gallant knights ! Disguised we may not now remain; Our riddling queen must have her rights, Or our escutcheons first a stain. In Ez, good-bye, next neon de plume I would not taint of treason share; Disguise I shall no more assume, But sign myself F. FORRESTER. P.S.-M-ephisto, I hope you'll abandon Your Radical programme fell, For really 'twould be most blood.curdling To think of our riddlers in-well. The place I have heard you oft revel. With the gallant called Robert the Devil. F. FORRESTER. 17.--Oh. what a clatter at my door! What surely can it be ? Oh, not some tramps-they know I'm poor, And wouldn't come to me l What can it bie ? I wonder, now, What can they want, these men ? And what a nasty, horrid row I I think I'l! call my Bon. And wh tn first of rufflaus there!I Whait can they surely need ? And if I scream, my voice they'll hear- I am afraid, indeed. Perhaps they'll next on me a tax- That they will not, I pray; But now a voice pipes forth like wax, ' " Plabe to remmbmber Guy Fawkes' Day" S, DE BEAe.
BETAGIAM. (Chance the second letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-Oh, when the Mayor of London goes " a-showing " In his chariot with gilt and coluur cay, And to the plaudits of the people bowing Continually half the live-long day- Surrounded by his servants all st gaudy, In liveries that stupefy us quite, We're apt to think the turtle-.:lting "l rdy" Has much more favour than becomes ,li- right. But, oh i I pray you this opinion smut her (And all such errors I would have you shun), First with one consideration and another, The Lord Mayor's lot is not a happy one. I've heard it said his year is spent in dining, That from morn to noon, and often late at night, lie's occupied in diligently " lining " His inner maln with " vil tlas" .',rt from light, That turtle soup he swallows by the punlheen, That sparkling cham's his liquor day by day, And what he puts away when he's at luncheou It really is impossible to say (No (ioubt you'll wag your heads to one another And say my statements nothino ae but fun); But take each consideration with the other, The Lord Mayor's lot is not. a happy one. F. WILIuats, Islington. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, ln.avinc another word, expressed in the narrative.; To John Stocks. 19.-Ye gods! I am wrong, and I'm "down in the dumps," And the ordeal I've passed through has Iried me; For the fates that relentlessly foliow my tracks As a matter of course hare belied me. I felt almost certain our Jo-King was you- The reverse you most kindly have told us; Your pardon I crave, sir, for placing in jo t The pen. ame and its fame on your shoiullcra. I thank you for all the good things that you say, Though I cannot digest, I'll not pun them ; No, no, but I'll swallow them, sir, with a gul,, When I fairly and squarely have won them. I thank you for showing my error all bare. But my grief, ah ! 'twas hard, sir, to bear it; And you planted the feather of fame in my cap, Aud, i' faith, I am happy to wear it. You fliug down a challenge in true knightly style- A challenge that's plainly a riddle ; You t lien make a bow, and triumphant depart, And you leave me to play on the fiddle. Your challenge, good comrade, I gladly accept, And endeavour to faithfully answer; Though whom Jo-King may be 'tis now easy to see, Yes, easy to see at a glance, sir. Now, should I be correct (as I well know I am) That Arthuir Du Soir is our Jo-King, Let him say si, at once, and away for the nouco With all manner of hiding and cloakl,n. V. ID. TAYLort, Warriutoun. 20.--She was, indeed, my heart's great idol, No maid was e'er so fair as s6he. And, at the window, gazing fou Ily, There she stood, and emiil-d on me. "Oh, speak, fair maiden !" I cut re stel, " And say my love is not in vain.' No answer came; she still smiled swc:tly, Heeding not my bitt er , un. At that mmuent came a policen-un, Murmured he, " Now, what' the row P Can't you see that's but a dlumuly ? My heart is closed to maidenis now. E. N. lanurms. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the irast and the lirst syllable of the becord.) Triptich. 21.--She is dressed like a queen in her primal so soft, That rivals the hue of her eyes; At her perfect loveliness headgear is doffed, And many are envious sighs. But she is the pearl of them all, though the proud And the beautiful stand by her tide, And patient admirers are there in a crowd, Blest near her for e'er to abide. To be joyed by her look, and adoring to find That beauty is fickle and passion is blind. First Wlord. What better companion than it I would know, When sitting at night by the blaze; When outside is winter, with frost and with snow, And heavy and long are the days; To revel in fortunes of hero or maid, And watch with the keenest delight The triumph at last, though a long while delayed, When worth, youth, and beauty unite; And all is wound up with the happiness great Of those nearly severed by enemies' hate. Second, ll'ord. He comes in the freedom of duty well done, And they greet him a victor o'er all; The perils and dangers his soul would not shun, But sought at his country's loud call. His eye is now dimmed, but the spirit is there That cheered him the pathway to tread; Undaunted the look that his pale features wear, And high is the poise of the head; And nobleness his to have conquered, till now Hoe stands with the glory of years on his brow. IvAofoi.o, Belfast. DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the two central letters of a word to form another word.) 22.--D aisy MI. and fair Auror A, A long time we fir t missed yo U ; I n the " T." we never see you It S ongs, as once we used to d O. Y et we lust ouce more to hena _ II any more of them, friends deoA r. CA IaA.