RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, NARRATIVE CENTRALI CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form auother word, pressed in the narrative.,
1.- My friend the professor's been busy of late, And, to save all your random conjectures Respecting that business, I may as well state He's been nightly delivering lectures I The learned man's text is " The Aspect of Things As Viewed from a Standpoint Darwinian Ts And on this vexed subject you'll guess that he ! All the light of his valued opinion. His style is most epigrammatic and terse, And he spoke the third night of the season With noble intent ev'ry doubt to disperse As to whether a donkey has reason. He illustrates in a most graphical way The arguments he would make clear And he put the case thus : " I'm a donkey, we'll say When somebody shouted, " Hear, hear I" y', With the air of a Stoic, the old man looked round To where that voice came from the crowd, And said, " I am glad such support to have found; But, brother, why bray you so loud ?"e The crestfallen joker stole quietly out, And the lecturer started again, On grounds scientific, to settle the doubt That had troubled his wonderful brain. On " Instinct and Reason," for two hours or so, He talked, whilst vehement and hot He grew; but his theories failed, somehow, to shop Whether donkeys had reason or not. The "intelligent audience" looked very wise And nodded in manner sagacious, Till one deep-soealed questioner ventured to rise And remark, in a tone most audacious: "He'd heard these stale arguments nine times befo And he begged to submit, as a man, He'd be hanged if he thought that they knew any. moi Than they did when the lecture began 1" My ancient friend stood with his mouth open wide, Astounded at language like that ; And then, more in sorrow than anger, he sighed, And sadly sat down on his hat. F. R. CoursoN, Bow. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and lfo e another word I the narrative.) 2.-E ach winter evening, ere the sun D ies a red death amid the mist, I t casts a sad, cold light upon T he treeless woods or Locuielist. H ow oft I wandered through them when K een winds were howling I Round mue then R apt thought its magic mantle wound- E ach blast was a melodious sound. N o longer when the night is nigh D o I the spreading branches see L ined'black against the crimson sky. E nough; 'tis fate-it was to be. D. Gowv. 3.-Young Haidee was happy and gay As the lark when he mounts to the sky, When my bosom first felt the warm ray From the love-waking glance of her eye, Oh, the joy to existence she lent While I basked in the beam of her smile I The long moments wherever we went Her dear presence did sweetly beguile. But her beauty from harm could not save, For King Death took her home for his bride; Now the breezes sigh over her grave, And I soon shall be laid by her side. Yet I think of the joys that are o'er, And in dreams her fair form I oft see; But on earth I shall ne'er behold more The sweet face of my lovely Haidee. S. Woo,. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another wrmtl.i 4.-Young Potkins delighted in singing a song, And in character made up tremendously strong; To see him "work" " Juggins, the ' Green 'Un,'" wv prime. I gazed on him once, and I murmured, " Sublime:" He dressed in the style of the fanciful " pro.," Wore a " Newmarket," talked oddly, you know; Dwelt on the " biz " he was working just then, And thought about taking a well-deserved " ben." He styled each friend "cullie," and spoke of the "show Of Mivius, his rival, as "nanty," please know. " How M. could display such gratuitous cheek As to stand beside '.1 -why, his voice was too weak P" I agreed with bold Potkins that Mivins was " rot;" He said he could sing, but wee knew he could not. Then 'otkins had such an idea of gay life !-- Solemnity hacked at his heart like a knife He would be a " dawg " and be gay-jolly gay; Oh, two wasn'tfirst, by a very long way: A stroll home at three by the silver moonlight, With superfluous " hics," was the height of delight, His tongue rolled the praises of blue eyes and curls, And his rapt adoration for all pretty girls; But the girls didn't like him, I'm sorry to say, Despite his announcement of being so gay. His jokes and his puns'l--but reason is good For remaining intact when the daring youth would. And thus he buds into professional gloom Till next, swift and sure, tumbles into the tomb Craft, arrogance, ignorance, cunning, and pride, And such " props " that the juvenile "pro." has beside, T. W. KITCHNER, Camberfwell. 5.-A brooding silence fills the air, A silence first of unseen things ; Igaze above, no light is there, The moaning breeze no comfort brings. The feathered minstrels of the grove No longer trill their merry notes; Chilled by the darkening sides above, No more the matchle-s music floats. From heaven's gate the thunder peals; The lightning rends the rrowuing skies; My trembling heart fresh terror feels, As Hope from Fear reluctant flies. The filmy shapes that crowd the night Flee from the golden orb of day; Bright Nature hails the rosy light Of next, that drives the storm away. s. A. C5oetl'4 6.-A lover of cheese am I, Beware of my bite! The loaf thinks of me with a sigh- The loaf fresh and white. Why does the housewife dislike me Why set a trap? Why with her shoe try to strike me-- Hit me such a rap ? I am that first fellow that spoke, With a different head; I hold him, and the housewife and folk; O'er the ground I am spread. Lam slated, and look most imposming; That is not conceit 1 So wake up, and do not be dozing. Wh~at am IP Repeat. OLL, elfs,
DUAGRAMs. the first two letters of a word to form another word.) Slen a first will lead us through the hazy mists i rai with striking clearness happy visions of the Sptothose bygone scenes, enraFtured we behold avertsent in poetio gems the " Tournament " of old. oI, erain those honoused knights who graced our lists we see o0tssting for the poet's wreath in friendly rivalry. ne we yet may hear them stirring themes of erdtnae,, theTournament" the fire of other days i ,uhg rin each heart the joy of those who stand the test,g who would win a name must never stay to Shoytent truly would it be to greet them once again, dispersed entire with many a sweet refrain. w ons e cill the absentees, deploring their neglect, ethouled erit in the present bards we can detect; irsongs have echoed far and wide, their names shall ive f e;or a lronief n their golden harps undaunted lead the day. at universal plaudit they receive on every side I rigather gold opinions from the critics far and wide. egretfl though we ponder o'er the bygone skill and h ants find a second here and ably fill each place. it- AIon aaM N Anry. gAlone she lay beneath the tropic sun, w' Of living souls upon her deck not one, Her tattered canvas hanging from each yard- J A fitting subject for a mournful bard. From off her course she'd drifted far away, And now a battered, worn-out hulk she lay, A helpless derelict upon the sea. But her commander-where, oh, where was he P First to those oceanfcaves where thousands lie, And search their inmost corners for reply. His stalwart form has found a sailor's grave Far, far beneath the fierce, devouring wave That now so musically murmurs o'er The gallant hearts that perished 'mid its roar. And those who next those brave hearts far away In vain will wait for tidings day by day- In vain will linger on the sandy shore To watch for their return-but nevermore. With but one ray to cheer their darkness then, They died in harness, nobly, and like men. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. PRECE.OMEGRAM. Sthe last letter but one of a word to form another word.) -Macdonald Mackenzie Macalpine Macrae Wasfinrof, very first, of fair Flora; None counl for a moment her beauty gainsay From Stornoway even to Brora. Esch night at the second the river he'd cross And hie to the home of the maiden, Who waited his coming across the dark.moss, Her heart with an earnest love laden. Vihole hours would they wander adown the dark glen, His tartan plaid last.ed around her; She looking on him as the best of all men, He blessiug the day he first found her. And thus they lived on, till, one fine summer's night, They fiually married each other; lie people for miles round went wild with delight, For Mac was esteemed as a brother. And all the clan chieftains were present that day In all the full glory of tartan; And pipers a farewell did lustily play As the happy pair left for Dumbarton. 'ILo, Stonehaven. TRIPLE ACROSTIC ON PRIMALS. -flthree first letters of the cross words form other distinct words). Foundation Words. 10,-First is a maiden sweet and fair, With light blue eyes and golden hair; Second's a pretty little miss, Whose pouting lips seem made to kiss; This winsome maid's in satin dressed. Now, which of them do you like best ? Cross Words. have been first to hunger and to pain, But trust that I shall never be again. Although 'twas early when I made my call, The second ushered me into the hall. Arefuge in Old London, where did hide Thieves, rogues, and murd rers, who the law defied. This flower blossoms in the fertile glade, And may have been picked by this Irish maid. Auseful substance here you may survey, And "there is nothing like it," so they s y. W. D. PICKERING AND S. W. HATES. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. inal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. "To shine in primals still shall be our aim," ,,ethought I heard the riddlers say; To useless make, to vanquish, rout, and lame The lasts, which bar to fame our way." Cross Words. Forfirst a colour.or a hue Please picture to your mental view, " To follow earnestly the next Of good men" is a worthy text. The castle walls,,though old-and grey, Were last--a triumph o'er decay. A.GOISTES. VERBAL CHARADE. IA wor 1.each letter of which is treated separately.) 12.-My first is in youth, but not in age; My second's in footman, but not in page; My third is in run, but not in Walk; MIy ourth is in stone but not in chalk ; My flth is ingood, but not in bad; My eirth is in cheerful, but not in sad; My seinth is in hope, but not in fear; My eisghth is in lord, but not in peer; My ninth is in king, but not in queen; My tenth is in bishop, but not in dean My eleventh's in pity, but not in love; My tio Ifth is.in.parrot, but not-in dove; Mv thirteenth's in lip, but not iii mouth; M9yfourteenth'sin west, but not in south; My last is in sorrows, bhutdt in joys; y whole is a paper well known to boys. H. JA~ars, W oikthing.
b LOGOGRIPH. which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- ieatiofntansposition,. but leaves a perfect word after each 3 y rst you'll see in every place Chnnge head, a toy you then will trace; Now, if you it decapitite, You will see everything Complete.; Now, change thie'tail, and you will see A kind of'diink the next will be The centre changeand you wvill scan An animal like to a man; . . Transpose it now, then surely you A vege~tabld he'e~1vill view; NoW dr"p the-cen tre, and, I ween,~, 4 relation in the last is ween. ' . F. Nr . Oloemel.
DELETION. (Drop aletter from the word chopen, leaving another word ,) 14.-You rude and saucy little breeze I Although you fan my burning brow, I wish you wouldn't, if you pleases tic Until I tell you when and how. to You are too rude-it makes me pont, s The way you blow my curls about. th I take a pride-indeed I do- Li In ev'ry curl that I possess a Upon my head; aud as for you, You first about them none the less, But blow and blow them all about, And ever gently draw them out I And when you get to gale's estate, tr And grow so lusty, fierce, and strong, ve You are to me a nuisance great, mi And do me yet a greater wrong. cil You even shake the tree that's stout* ha Then how my curls must blow about I th You rude and saucy little breeze I is Although you fan my burning face, th You should not serve me like the trees, an But sext me just a little grace; t For I have curls, and curls, no doubt, wi Do not improve when blown about. to F. WALLIS. so REVERSIONS. al (A word which read backward forms another word.) 15.-If ever you feel downcast, friends, and first you cannot bear The load which Fate has on you pressed-that load of w grief and care- pi Just take a Young Folks Paper up, peruse the riddling , page, as And find the very saddest ode you've noticed for an age. Be Then linger o'er " the broken heart," the'" life devoid of cc hope," And all the other cares with which that poet had to cope; fr And soon, in pond'ring o'er his pain, you'll find your own si subside, St And once again your next of earthly joys will to you Pi glide. F. G. WsBB, Southwark. re fe 16.-Mark the rosy blush tl On yon maiden's cheek, And the joyous flush On her lover meek. Dumb their lips; but,hush I Lovers' eyes can speak. Ah I each cheek's bright glow Springeth from the heart, f From Love's flames, I trow, As they upward start; i But should they burn low, a Then must lovers part. n Now, the robins tell (For they only knew) How, when night firsts fell, Lips sweet kisses drew o In a fonddfrewell- a In a last adieu. Mark the hectic flush c The maid's cheek ascend; e Grief, with bnrniug.brush, h Doth that colour lend- Dying embers blush Brighter to the end. t Those day-dreams of old s Were for ever o'er; r He had lst for gold On a foreign shore, t Leaving one heart cold, c Cold for evermore. c ARCHER B., Kentish Town. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 1.-Dear Amy, where's first brother Fred, Who's charmed us with so many a song ? How comes it that the "Tourney" page Has missed his merry strains so long ? Another old friend's name we miss; What made you leave us all, G. Troy ? With pleasure we should greet you back. Say, will you all our hopes des-Troy ? One recreant has resturned to us- F. Coulson's with us once again; Surely he knows it pleased us all To see again his well-known name. Now, Amy, coax your brother back, And please, G. Troy, send us a rhyme; Then all next readers will admit They've fallen on a pleasant time. AxNIE A. ROYsTOg, Birmingham. 18.-They met-'twas in the gloaming- She seemed to be distressed ; For 'twas with fear last noticed First heaving of her breast. He spoke: " What ails thee, darling P Hast thou insulted been ? Or is't that thou art frightened At something thou hast seen P" She answered not; he trembled, Then gently touched her arm: " My darling, why not tell me? Has any one done thee harm ?" Yet still she ne'er responded. " Oh, love, why thus so cool?" She answered now, " Ohs shut up-do I I've got the toothache, fool 1" T. RorsTos, Birmingham. 19.-Please take a word of letters six- Now, mind you don't get in a fix- Take one away, and then you'll find That you have eight yet left behind. SABINA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) f0.-Dear readers, I will ask you all to take That which is used on river and on lake, And then curtail; I think you all will see That next a dreaded serpent, sirs, will be. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn,