RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL CHANGES. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.)
1.-Once more I don my puzzling.cap and write, After an absence or a year's duration. Methinks that flirt the Muse has slumbered quite Enough, and has enjoyed a long vacation. So now let's hope she's woke refreshed and bright, Prepared to take her customary station, And use her pow'r with ease and skill more fluent. So, friends, I hope you'll welcome back the truant. A rear's wrought many changes in this page, But still our trusty friend, Miss Mariou Taylor, 'Gainst doughty knights the battle well can wage, And first inconstancy none can assail her. But no one's seen our Barwell for an age, Although the lustre of his name's no paler; Whilst jovial Adcock, too, has gone, and instead Of coming back, has taken with him Binstead. And Kitchner's lyre no more in mournful numbers tiesoncds. Alas ! its voice, I fear, is mute; Whilst Price's wit and wisdom lately slumbers, And Coulson's hand grows weary of the late. Oh ! can it be that indole 'ce encumbers Our clever band ? Let them the thought refute. Next be it from this heart e'er to revi'e them, But still " industrious" we cannot style them. 'Twould give me heartfelt pl asure to behold The lists again as in the days of olden, When every harp here wielded was of gold, And every strain the minstrels played was golden. Ah ! can the Young Folks bards be growing old? Oh, pray let this example them embolden, And let the file of riddles be as weighty With champions' cons. as 'twas in eighteen eighty I NELLIE C. 1 2.-Annie, I love you ! I have said the word; Here in this leafy first the secret's said, Where but the whispering foliage is heard, And all the world, but you and I, is dead! And, oh, my darling, pretty is the scene, But I can only gaze upon your face; The trees are graceful and their leaves are green, But what is theirs compared with thy sweet grace P Bright and unclouded are the summer skies, And pure red berries on each bush I see; Your lips are redder still, and your deep eyes Seem brighter than the firmament to me. If I had you, fair keeper of my heart, To next with me on life's uncertain stream, To take in all ,ur joys and toils your part, Care would be dead, and trouble all a dream. H. C. PRICE. Southwark. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 3.-Well, of all the outrageous things I have heard, I never knew one worse than that, on my word I He must have been crazy. lie must have been mad To do such a thing. What possessed the poor lad P? Why, I-well, you know Robinson's friend, Mr. Brown- The one that first in the big house up in town P? Yes, you do; why, his sister got married last year To young Williams, who opened a grocer's shop here, Though how he got imoney to stock it so well With the choicest of things there's nobody can tell. The-y do say-though, of course, no one knows if it's true, Because people wrill talk-by the way, was it you Who told me that Bessie Jones met Millie Green, And that she (Millie) second a sewing machine ? What a fright of a bonnet she wears, too I I'm sure It makes her look frightful-a perfect old cure ! Well, I really declare I It's a quarter past three, And I thought it was quite an hour sooner, dear me! I Well, good-bye, love. 1'll be round on Sunday to tea. BARNETT DE BEAR. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 4.-" Come, first yourselves," the baron cried; " Get ready for the fight." The baron was a soldier tried, A brave and trusty knight. He saw his enemies draw near; He saw his foe, Sir John. Tie brave old baron knew no fear, But put his total on. " Be brave," he cried again, " my men, Next castle we'll defend." And-sad to say I-here fails my pen This puzzle to extend. I felt of inspiration full When I began to write this con.; But now, alas! I can't get on. Where has my inspiration gone ? Where is the light that in me shone ? Where is- I'm talking like a tfol. I'll go outside my blood to cool. BAREBOsNES. 5.-'Tis frst; a mantle dark has spread Far over hill and dale; The voice of labour now is hushed Within the sleeping vale. I stray far next the dark pine woods, And muse on bygone days; While in the branches overhead A total trills its lays. Fond memories rise within my mind Of forms and faces dear, Some who have gone to a better land, And some who linger here. I think of all that might have been, And joys for ever flown; Of thorns within the path of life Which must be reaped as sowx. But, hark I a sound comes borne on last. That drives thought from my head . The village clock is striking twelve, 'Tis time to be in bed. SITZ, Dungarvan. 6.-To th- first ! to the first! we'll sail o'er the sea In search of the third that's so lovely and free; Then no second we'll say that Dame Fortune's unkind, When we've found that for which we left uwhole far behind. From our dear native whole we will hopefully roam Far away in the first to establish a home, Where second third waits for our courage and toil Than can be claim'd here by us sons of the soil. ROBERTUS. 7.-A Christian name my first will show; My second every boy will know; Our Editor is third. I ween; Whole in these pages you have seen. J. PORTER, Preston. 8.-This English river you'll discern, If to your map you'll kindly turn, And search it over well; A structure next doth indcate (It's not a house, I'd better s'ate, But more I must not tell); In whole a well-known city see, Which boasts a university. Now, riddlers all, farewell. IMPRIMATUR. 9.-My first upon the head is worn; My last's an article of food; And now put,these together, please, Whole means a sudden change of mood. acHER B. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-Kind friends, for a moment I claim your attention, But befere I commence just aPlow me to mention, Although this short riddle I'm placing before you, I trust that the subject I've chosen won't bore you. My first is a something that square is or round; In second a venomous reptile is found; My third is a fourth, that's a short declaration- I leave you to furnish the true explanation. And now for my fifth, you must surely find out What an archer should certainly not be without; A swamp or a marsh in my last you'll desory. And so for the present I'll wish you good.-bye. T. CARPENTER.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-Slowly the convent bell firsts, as through the next trees which surround it A maiden is straying alone, sadly and pensively thinking; Through the breaks in the foliage dark can be seen the blue waters which bound it, Where the sun behind crimson-tinged clouds through glorious splendour is sinking. The maid wanders on through the glade, and sad thoughts steal o'er her of other And happier days, when at home with relations and friends she was dwelling; For to-day it is just two long years since she bade that farewell to her brother, Who under the Cross was engaged the Saracen tumults in quelling. Another long hour has elapsed, and the maid is still watching and waiting For the brother who promised to come, if alive, ere two years had expired. Darkness begins to descend, the approach of the night indicating, And she rests on the trunk of a tree, despondent, heart. weary, and tired, Third, one by one, gleam out the stars shining down through the ceiling of willows And pine trees, whose branches aloft form a green waving canopy o'er her. No sound can she hear but the boom of the roaring though far distant billows, When she starts, for a footstep is heard, and her brother stands smiling before her. Amy BLOEtiatER, Shorncliffe. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in succession to form other words.) 12.-Young Felix MA'Shane was an elegant youth, Who somehow kept out of the first of the truth; In Lurgan a smart " grocer's curate " was he, Making second of goods that came over the sea. He ever was happy when customers bought, Though he didn't much care if they got what ther sought. He would sell common trash as the " finest of tay," And claim the third credit of making things pay. " I'm certain you're fourth over goods that you buy From ' curates' less honest and clever than I, Who sell you their rubbish, and think it no sin To take their respectable customers in." Thus he talked to the people, who never believed That they were so completely " sold" and deceived; And his master would praise him with heart overjoyed, As the best fifth of " curate" he ever employed. SHAMROCK, Armagh. MESOSTICH. (The central letters of the cross words form a word which Is the aoswr'm, Fouendation W(ord. 13.-Brightly in the sky is gleaming Sol, the King of Day, With a smile so sweetly beaming On the new-mnown hay; Birds harmoniusly are singing E'er a tuneful lay, As their way they're swiftly winging Where the bi ez,-s play, And they seenn o say, It is primals ! Trees are drooping, overladen With their leary spray; F colesh and rosy is the maiden, And the boys are gSy . Gardens seem to proutly glory In their grand display, And in flower-war ',el story, And enchanting way, Seem all to say, It is primals! Cross tWaords. A crime, such i bad one, 'tis not oft committed; Who fights with this beast will against much be pitted; A charming young damsel, and in this her name; Find herewith a boy's, to - you've oft heard the same; You'll please not do this at our weak little rhymes, Although from our subject we this, sir, at times; But soon we'll be seventh, yet not for a trice; Now this means unearthly, unreal, and not nice; In next bring a boy's name aglin to your view; And last us the answer, but till then adieu. WALLIs AND GRamaM, Clapham. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 14.-Some time ago, with muse inspir'd, On fame and glory bent, Methought I'd try to gain a place In this " R. Tournament." So down I sat, with pen in hand (No bard was e'er so fir'a), To gain the high distinction which I very much desir'd. But then arose the question grave Wtnat shall my subject be. Is it to be one for the good Of all humanity ? Or shall it be one which, to say The least, is commonplace ? But, no; my muse the last disdain'd, For 'twould her song disgrace. Then from my pen began to flow This next, pathetic first (Of all the poems I have seen I think this is the worst). THE HrBLE BARD. 15.-I stood upon the summit of a bill, And gazed in silence on the lovely scene; Soft on the air, the lark's ascending trill Grew sweetly first, while peacefully serene The flocks were sleeping in the vale below, By trees protected from the sun's fierce glow. I love to gaze upon a scene like this; Its silent beauty brings a soothing balm, And fills my soul with sweet ethereal bliss, While care and grief give way to heavenly calm. Though man might next the view and charm the sight, He could not bring the soul such pure delight. Goon IrTENT. 16.-My first, in life's tumultuous, stormy sen, Makes men seem older than they chance to be. The sportsman when he sees me oft lets fly, And in his bag I'm lifeless placed to lie. My next, a herbage sweet, is seen to grow When summer breezes o'er the landscape blow. A navigator he of great renown, Who explored frozen climes that were unknown. My last of great importance is to man, And has been reared e'en sine this world becan D. Scorr, Newtongrange. 17.-After a weary march, a halt was made Beneath my primal's cool, refreshing shade. A word of sympathy when kindly spokenbon Is next to those whose hearts are almost broken. The sea was third, the day was bright and clear, And none thought that a hurricane was near. C. F. BARKEa, Ramsgae .