[~JBpLK TURNAMENT. IDUAGRAN~.
d vthe rt two letters of a wo'rd to form another word.) -0_right was the calm summer weather, -: Deep was the sun's radiant glow, Sinking to rest o'er the heather, Two happy sumiers ago. : _ Sweetly birds' vodices were ringing In a melodious strain,- - Softly the streamlet.wasasingilng, Singing its ceaseless refrain ; Grimly the trees last, their shadows over the woodland'and lea, While by the brook'in the meadows Somebody waited formnie. Slowly the day! was declining ('Tis hut ayear since. to.day),. Calmly'the palq moon was shiinig, j i. ightinithe ol c ouut, ry way; And I, my hombward path wending, Freed from, mycwork-acid its .care, Visions sp pleasantly, blending, Dreamed of'all dreams the first fair. Ah I for .'d lheas, p mt.weqt singer Trilling a gay _melody, _. While by the gate there would linger Somebody waiting for me. Now I am left, and I only- Angels have borne her away, Leaving me weeping and lonely, Waiting in hope for the day When, from this world's toil and sadness, Leaving my sorrow behind, Safe in a haven of gladness, Rest for the weary I'll find. And, as in days now grown olden, Faithful and true there will be, Close by the portals all golden, Somebody waiting for me. MAinoN L. TaYLoa, Birkenhead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. pinalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundcation Words. 2,-Hark I the trees are gently murm'ring, Whisp'ring of glad Summer time; Tender blossoms forth are shooting, Every floweret blooms sublime. Gentle violets, shyly peeping Forth from Nature's mantle green, Lovely honeysuckle creeping; All is peaceful and serene. Summer hail, with song resounding, Let your cheers be loud and long, While the birds o'erhead are singing, Joining in the gladsome throng. Mark the zephyr breezes wasting Scents seductive and sublime; Hear the peasants' primal final, "Hail, oh, hail, glad Summer time." Cross Words. This has its charms for one and all of you, And yet its pleasures are but known to few. It held a noble prisoner, whose name Is e'er associated with the same. Is found within the regions of the north. The natives well appreciate its worth. A kind of concert, where you all might pass A pleasant evening with a pretty lass. A fearful last.struck sharply on the ear, And caused a momentary thrill of fear. W. D. PoICIRINx AND R. L. JEnxFBoa. CENTRAL DELETION. (Driopaletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 3.-Jones and Smith were hated rivals- Both loved Miss Maria Brown; But she would not choose between them, So each tried last gain renown. Jones was in a merchant's office, Earning first and six per day, While young Smith was an apprentice At a snob's across the way. Both tried hard to. gain promotion, But they could not quite succeed; Jones got sacked for making blunders, Smith himself was sore in need. So the maiden her affection Turned towards another goal, While poor Jones. and Smith, downhearted, In the river made a hole. F. J. HODGES, Greenwich. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a word.) Ihlr he north, 'twixt mountains rude and wild, tred biy theme my irst serenely smiled; iltence is lord of all this wild expanse, alnota creature meets the expectant glance. Bwhat s that o'ershadowed by these trees P hoelp Histl approach on hands and knees; orhere some beings we may meet-who knows I- 0 might regard excisemen as their foes. lhonghtso. Look at;hat stout rascal there, u i pturned barrel for a chair. aidkl .i You've left tae second out, you ass, nd ltae" whuskey's rinned amang tae grass.'" blow, h a aht'stat, you wretch ?" Then came a hd many a third in accentsdeep and low. BUb, awo say, " I cannot guess, alas, no," msabarhb'tie c our old'towla of Glaygow. Uawa·. y first will bring unto your mind B ebever riddler's name, Whose bright effusions you will find netokened coming fame; And now he seldom does appear, Though we deplore his absence here. A preposition is my neazt-- " Its letters number few ; But, therethat you shall not be vexed, I'll tell-'tis-only two. And now that you've obtained a link, The tsk will easy be, I think. 1y total to uet, will reveal Another riddling knight, oa, cby his earnestness and zeal, And dWMforemost in the fight.; ine.oing . as he doesnear " Brm," -am woal ail him as a " chum." ST. RoYsroN, Birnhingham. flielastlette IOME(AM, 6-- teros a word: is hannged to form another word) SOct of Picturefirst will be, ' Sie. choolroom walls oft seen; - net tI letter' changed, no doubt . N .tneath your feet has been.. . Rugbf doth fourth his-youth; cpruie' iemsmiling fifth comes roUnd, . h h. eal-th, and grace, and truth,. , ,onny Sco;tland. I've heard tell, .... " - , i ot 6" dothameani. ifPir e~haalqu,00a
CENTRAL 'ADDITION. (Add a letter to the cent're of a word to make anotherJ .-"Had'I been born beneath a ucky planet, ;, Endowedwith U1 the true Pronlethean fire, ....: d.,.,An tilpe and opportunities to.fan it, I miglit have swept sweet Calliope's lyre. I might have been a Shelley or a Lytton, I might have beenra Byron br a Scott; But the fates an-adverse destiny had written, '. And in consequence a poet I am- not. Had I been born with gehius in my cranium, And a much-developed intellectual bump, I might have brought the, long.delayed millennium, Oi r ac}ed perf ction with one mighty jump. In art, great Titian, or e'en Tiutoretto, To far excel it might have been miy lot-4- It might; but "Ah l" I shriek, in sad falsetto, The fates were unpropitious, and 'tis not; tlfttime my pulse with first ambition quickens, When my "goose quill" I next to scribble.prose. Why am I not a Thackerayor a Dickeas, A Hood, a Hook, or any one of those Whose minds have owned the geniiia supernalP Why am I not as intricate in plot As Dumas or Wilkie Collins? But diurnal Reflection has convinced me that I'm not. Long have I courted thee, sublime Urania, But thou, alas I! art heedless of my woe; And so 'tis my ill.fortune to remain here, And mourn o'er what too well I'm doomed to know. Dull mediocrity and little learning Seem happier, as aspirants often find, Than to taste the Hippocrene; feel the yearning, To lack the genius, but to have the mind. F. R. CouLsos, Bow, TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 8.-The midnight first had long since noised around The tidings that another day had sped; Yet I, by cruel Insomnia captive bound, Tossed fretfully upon my narrow bed. It was not thoughts of unrequited love, Nor yet dyspepsia's nightmare breeding pain; The cats I long since had induced to move, Leaving one "minstrel" by a boot-jack slain. None of these ills that flesh is heir to caused Sweet sleep her favours from mine eyes to take; But for three days had lessened not nor paused That tyrant of the age-a bad tooth-ache ! But when the next dim rays of dawn did peep In manner welcome through my window-blind, I fell into a light and fitful sleep, And dreams quite frightful soon enwrapped my mind. I dreamt a gentleman appeared to me (He came from regions hotter than Soudan), And I possessed a strong desire to flee, When I beheld the guise of this bad man. His form was cased in silk of glaring red, His tail hung gracefully o'er his left arm; But in his right hand was my cause for dread- A pair of pincers huge caused my alarm. With these he stepped up to my quaking couch, And op'ning wide my mouth with one sharp jerk, He jabbed the pincers in (for this I'll vouch), And instantly did he commence to work. He pulled, I yelled . he wrenched, and didn't I roar! For half an hour be tugged at my poor head; At last I woke (I fell out on the floor), And pleased was I to find the tooth-ache fled. S. FRANK LIN AND G. H. PERun, 9.-One night-I think 'twas rather late- Old Tomkins, with unsteady gait, By chance, or what we may call fate, Did pass the churchyard nigh. As he drew near, he saw with fright Some misty objects, clothed in white; He nearly fainted at the sight, And uttered a loud cry. He first his hair turn stiff with dread, And all the stories he had read Of ghost and ghoul rushed through his head; He turned in haste to fly. And Tomkins, poor, misguided man, With hair on end, cheek pale and wan, From what had he so swiftly ran ? Some clothes next out to dry. THI UNKNOWN. 10.-Competent; this will alone describe it; The truth is plain, and quickly you'll imbibe it. A hero of a tale of blood and crime, His name is known in ev'ry zone and clime. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 11.-One day, while strolling down the strand, I chanced a first to see; He next a paper in his hand- It was the Y.F.P. "What makes you look so third P" I asked, In accents very kind. Said he, " It really is too last, My cons. have been declined. "Oh, dear! oh, dear I it is no good; I've tried and tried in vain." "But come," I said, "my little man, Just try and try again." When next I met that youthful bard, His face beamed, and he smiled, As joyfully he cried, " Hurrah I My cons, have all been filed !" J. G. NICaoLrs, Milton. 12.--What is it we alwaysq1rst with delight P Young Folks Paper. What is it we get on a Saturday night P Young Folks Papei. Where is it that everything can be found- Where we get for a penny the worth of a pound P "What is it that's first by all around P Young Folks Payper. Where is it that all we want we can find P Young Folks Paper. Where is it we see that our cons. are declined P Young Folks Paper. What is it that always has taken the last- ' That gets along so tremendously fast, SWith circulation surprisingly vast- Young Fokse Paper. T. H. HurT, Fulham. 13.-Ploat not with the rushing stream- 'Tis a coward!'s part to play; -Sit not down and idly dream, -
rignt tne Dattle wniie you may. Bravely'first against the wrong, Though he world may coldly chide ; In the uexb you're doubly strong, IHeaven's host is on' your side. Friends may break their faith with thee, But their loss to you is gain; When you've gained the victory, - Theirs will be the bitter pain. ". E. A. CO03-e. _ OURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavin another word.)-- 14.-Dear riddlers, if you'll rollow me, A vehioleinufirst yod'll see Curtail me with.one finalblow, 4bother vobhiclemy next will "hsow:`. _- - IE I··r ;
SDECAPITATIONS: . (Drop the first letter of saword. leaving another word.) 15.-='Twas but the result of a dream, - But I didn't know that at -the time; So vividly real did it seem, I'11 tell it you now in my rhyme. I was walking along through a street (Where located Lc.tent call to mind), When I heard the swift. running-of feet But a very short distance behind, And a feeling there over usme crept, Impelling me also to run. (All this happened, ydu know, as I slept, As I said when this rhyme was begun.) On I sped, till my brain seemed to swim, And my heart palpitated with fear; All this was occasioned by him- The runner who ran in the rear. On and onu, and wherever I ran, The other last kept me in sight, On and on, till the evening bega n, And the day was succeeded by night; When my ears this sad fact did rev -11, The pursuer's steps gained on II .n, Till his shadow my feet seemed to i.; And the worst was, we now were alone, Away, far away from the town, On a barren and desolate moor. I might still have first on-but fell down, And awoke-by my bed-on the floor. AncERa "B. Ki±tisi T'roiw - 16.-Time spent in first is wasted time; None wisely this deny; The calls next makes upon the purse May make some faces wry; My last will plainly name to you (On this there's no dispute) What Adam in the garden did With the forbidden fruit. T. NixoN, Dudley Colliery. 17.-A narrow piece of linen you In this my first may plainly view; Behead, and then you'll quickly find Last brings an animal to mind. M. L. RAw. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 18.-Our Editor sits in his leather-backed chair, And a smile creeps over his face; For he sees his remark that riddles were rare Has caused them to flow in apace. Piled high on his desk in confusion they lie, With care he proceeds them to scan; One almost can tell by the glance of his eye If he will accept them or ban. He passes some over, and others he files For use in the future " R. T. ;" At some of them frowns, and at some of them smiles, And lots puts in Waste Paper B. And meanwhile the riddler is suffering throes Of agony as to the fate Of the riddle through which he lost half his repose, And many a night stopped up late. C. O'ConORa. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 19.-I was sitting, sitting thinking, and my thoughts were slowly sinking, And my eyes were blinking, winking, and my head dropped on my breast; And my eyelids fast were closing, and my form was surely dozing Whilst reposing, thus disclosing that my spirit needed rest. Cross Words. This is a point; please note the pun in this; To compass it you surely cannot miss. And this a city, otherwise a town; It governs empires, though a common noun. Now find a inudge, at least a kind of ruler, Who " crowns our hopes," or gives a pen-sive " cooler." My fourth's a "puffer;" nor am I joking To say it will not not work unless it's " smoking." My last's a comic-one that's seen in shows. Which brings my puzzle to a final close. ExJcaLSIo. MONOPHONE. (Words of dilfflereon meaning, but the same in sound.) 20.-For Young Folks now I first would write a con., But that I scarcely know how to begin; I've thought of late I'm not a Tennyson (.To think I was would surely be a sin). And yet 'tis well to have some self-esteem- What Sir John Herschel calls " The corner-stone Of all the virtues." But too much, I ween, Is beneficial not for anyone. We all would gain a niche in Fame's great last, So let us forward press while yet there's room, So that, when death has come and life is past, Our names may yet escape the gen'ral doom; And still in Young Folks' legendary lore, Be known when we, the riddlers, are no more. PATRICK. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 21.-Oh, noble Free Lance, where art thou-where hast thou been so long P Where is your witty riddle and your charming little song P We miss your name as though we would an old familiar friend. When will you be with us again ? When will your voyage end? I'd ask you, Free Lance, were you here, why did you take the notion, Instead of stopping safe at home, to roam upon the ocean P- To face the tempest and the storm, so first away from land P Oh,' when will you come back to us to join our riddling band? I'm longing next the time to hear when you'll be home. ward bound, That we may see you once again in England, safe and sound. So Heaven guide your gallant ship, wherever you may roam, And safely bring you back again to your dear friends at home, J. F~N LxN.