[ 1IDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. - Bnae letter of a word, 1'aving another word, expreBsed in the narrative.)
1.-I mourn, alas I the day you came To kindle in this heart a flame; I mourn that I should once have met The form that I can ne'er forget. And thou hast loved, and art beloved By one thy heart and soul approved; And I must own with vain regret I loved too deeply to forget. I feel another's lips shall praise, That thou thine eyes to his wilt raise; And know through anguish, care and pain, We met, and ne'er shall meet again. Thy hand that once love joined with mine, Another fondly shall entwine, And be shall know thy beating heart Shall mourn for him when far apart. And he shall gaze upon your eyes, And list unto your low replies, Whilst I must pace the chamber lone Whose walls once echoed to thy tone. No more mine eyes shall view in thine The love that once I knew was mine; No hand can now the bonds dissever Uniting thee to him for ever. H. cgx. CUETAILMENTS. (Dropthe final letter of a word.leavins another word.) -Ber face may be that of an angel fair, Her smile like a sunbeam glancing, And beautiful tresses of nut.brown hair Adorn her fair form entrancing; Her cheeks may be coloured the dainty hue Of sweetest pink pri'mal blooming; And yet she may be a splenetic shrew, The most bashf ul demeanour assuming. The sweetest of songs from her throat may come, Songs sung in a pure soprano, The gallant's guitar she may gaily thrum, Or play the high-toned piano; On Strauss she may dote, of Waldtaufel rave, And Dvorak belaud with praises; Talk glibly of Liszt with assurance grave, Yet be only a creature of crazes. The " Novum Organum" may be her pride, "Utopia" her attraction, Her mind to belles.l ttres be oft applied With evident satisfaction; Of c-yptograms, Donnellys, Deemsters, Caines, Hir notions may be majestic, Yet never a thought agitate her brains Of affairs that are purely domestic. Society drawing-rooms she may haunt, IDecked out in the latest fashions; Mlay titter and simper and jibe and taunt In mildly.excited passions; In upper.crust circles she may excel In brilliant conversation, And yet, the unwavering truth to tell, Be an adept at dissimulation. Her blood may be blue as was Norman Will's, Her features the purest classic, The bones of her ancestors strew the hills That bast in the age triassie: Eight back to a trilobite she may go, Or back to a monad humble, And yet be as useless as those called " low," Who seem born to do nothing but grumble. PHILo, Glasgow. -Why look at that fop as he straddles along, With his single eye-glass and ratan ? le language he mutters is really too strong For such a high-flown young man. a wondhr what's making his temper so hot- Don'tthink it's because he's forlorn; my dear reader, the reason he's got- He grows (on the foot) too much corn ! st look at that lady, a regular swell, As she mingles amongst the gay throng; e's a little uneasy, although she won't tell, And yon wonder whatever is wrong. iN, it's only a practice, as most of you know, For ladies have all the same taste ; to you, my dear friend, I will whisper it low- She is laced rather tight at the waist. h, why is that newspaper boy raving so? What's making him roar like a bull ? Yon ask him, he aims at your head a wild blow, Ald calls you a very green fool. the peop.e are staring with wide-open eyes, Ise swiftly runs up and down; Swonder what s wrong, as he stands there and cries, For that boy he has dropped his last " brown." W. L. MILLERn. 4.-Dear Ed., please answer in your next These questions I ask of you: What colour am last apt to get First I mix yellow with blue? What age is the man in the moon? And, sir, is his moustache grey? I know he stays out all night, But where does he stay all day ? T. WARD, Dublin. J.-My last was a first; In his art I'm well versed. E. J. SCmOFIELD, Horbury. ENIGIMAS. trsdenar oh, dear ! I suffer--yes, my misery's . alowed all the milk of life, but ne'er a drop of not the milk of kindness e'en, but tyranny so cruel, lena to its snowy state, but always mixed with gruel. atahed. from the homestead when my presence doth reveal 'peDtilential molecules I scatter in my zeal -t Imakre the doctor rich yet he frn om ercoils. so grin with rage whene'er my fondest hope he like the Jew of history, I travel on, on, on, done pig, neer ceasing, till my gruesome work is reenland to Magellan Straits my dominance is an sea,, on mountain top, or in the deep ravine. -- , dread, a father's curse, the bane of girl and Sthe iant's providence, the means to give itoy; a en can do some good tie greatest good of all, Smeans the cleanliness of homestead, hbt, or I n'm fond in every country, In troubl, not in woe; I'm seen in every river Wherever you may go. I'm found in every cornfield, But notin any wh"nt; "n always seen in victory, ut never in dolbat. T. JoNEs. 8-h o etf, nd, _V, ATallt W 'ington.
NARE .TIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop'the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To a Sirit.) 9.-Thou wast not made like hearts of clay, To live in pain, and grieve by day; Thou wast not made of such dark mould As earth, which clasps thee, dank and cold. ThOu art a thing of light and air, Most like to seraphs, bright and fair, That live in mansions that they love In some extensive world above. Thou art confined in form of dust, Where thou must dwell, and sere and rust 'Midst evil manners, still to live Till others' frailties you forgive. They tell me that a spirit flies To other worlds; it never dies, But leaves the shell, its earthly crust, To crumble slowly into dust. Ah, spirit, thou art formed of love, Sweet essence drawn from homes above, That knows no origin or name, Imprisoned in a mortal frame. And thou art oft unduly pained, Mocked, scorned, derided, and disdained, As gaudy forms, imbued with pride, Think thee fit subject to deride. And these are smarts that you must bear Until the mortal frame outwear- Until the time the beating heart Shall suffer thee and clay to part. LuccEI S. (For Males.) 10.--Boy a penny paper collar, And a coat that costs'a dollar, And a "natty" pair of pantaloons as well; Pair of patent leather boots, sir, And a flower without its roots, sir, Then the people will admit that you're a swell. Buy a hat so very glossy, Tall, and shaped a la De Lossy, Buy it cheap and ne'er its value ever tell; Sport a watch-chain long and heavy, Go and promenade the leLdie, And the people will admit you are a swell. (For Fcntoles.) Boy a loud and gaudy bonnet, Lots of feathers have upon it, Get a bustle with a large and graceful swell; Eyebrows, lips and cheeks, please paint, too, And indulge oft in a faint, too, Then the people will admit that you're the belle. Lace your waist in very tightly, Let your walk he sharp and sprightly, And be certain to have high-heeled shoes as well; Just some ankle, too, display, miss, And if you heed what I say, miss, All the people will admit that you're the helle. R. L. JEFFERSON AND DROFFO. 11.-The lamps shine bright in Leicester's hall, For cheer and wine wassailers call. Bring forth the harp, attune the lyre, To set the warrior's soul afire; Unsheathe the sword from scabbard bright, Sound loud the clarion-peal to fight,, Awake the note that thrills the soul, Beat on the drums the battle-roll, Clash steel on steel, each warrior knight, And nerve each arm to wage the fight. "The foe ! the foel O'er yonder hill They come, they press by thousands still Across the moor, adown the plain, To wound, to slay, or to be slain. To horse I to horne ! each doughty knight, For Leicester's fame to fight to-night; On, on, to meet the foe I to thrust Each warrior to his native dust. Out, sword, to meet the advancing host! This night shall prove our lives are lost Ere Leicester's standard meets the hand Of yon grim chieftain's ruthless band." JUAN. 12.-Shout hurrah, boys ! shout hooray! Shout and sing, that is the way To show you are all bright and gay On this, our jovial, festive day. We'll dance and sing right merrily, Right merrily we'll dance and sing, And in the woods quite cheerily We'll make our voices ring. Then, lads, be happy whilst you may, All trace of sorrow chase away, And health to one and all I say, On this our jovial, festive day. A MASKaED KNIGHT. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 18.-One day I met a man Who said he'd like to know If ever I had been In the wild.beast show. I told him that I had, When the fellow, with a grin, Said, " Please, sir, where about Was the cage that you were in P" Now I should have let it frst, But my anger was aroused, So I answered, " Just beside Where a stupid next was housed." Then he boisterously laughed, And said he'd rather see Before he would believe 'Twas stupider than me. Just then a pocket.glass I held before his phiz, And, looking very wise, Said, " There its likeness is." That day as I came home, My face all swollen and sore, I vowed to bandy wits With vulgar wags no more. F. M'BaEAarT. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 14.-There was a maid of Youghall Who was stately, proud, and tall, Who had lovely hair, and a face so fair, That surpassed good maidens all. She had such a lovely face, With such a bewitching grace, That half of the fvrst lost their heads or next, While girls grew a jealous race. Now this maid was out one day, When the sun burnt a fierce ray On her face well waxed, and it all relaxed, And ran down so very gay. Then all those who saw this maid Said that they were sore afraid; And she, in despair, flung down tooeeth and hair, Did this Youghallese decayed. W. A. LAx;osroN. CONUNDRUM. 15.-'Twas in the month of May, On a jolly afternoon, That IwgInrd on sy way T dilI ltfl14. r town MIwors on, I didint a f s off, Aiti I didn't 18c\vl, fio(ers on. , DrzoN.
NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 16.-Almost dumb from sheer amazement, hardly knowing what to say, I reply to you, bold Mercian, in a quiet, decisive way, For your stern, rebellious movement, so audacious in its tone, Seems to fill me full of wonder-so much so, that I could groan. Dare you call our queen "usurper "-she so gentle, mild, and fair? Is her rule so overbearing, that you feel you must declare To the riddling knights and ladies something of a tyrant's yoke P No, no, Mercian. This is really going far beyond a joke. But I challenge you to combat I defy your every plan 1 At your feet I cast my gauntlet-will you take it like a man ? We are foes till one has conquered, and the victor bears the palm, And the wounds upon our 'scutcheon have found in Gilead balm. Valiant knights, so true and steadfast, will you not protect our queen ? Round her proudly-floating banner let your lances all be seen; Challenge those who would defy her-'tis a cause both good and just-- Till the bold and ruthless rebels are sent biting to the dust. Who will rally round my banner ? Who will join me in the van, Helping me to crush the rebels-crush them even to a man? As for you, rash MeMoian, tremble while my challenge makes its mark I For if you're a second Warwick, I'm a second Jeanne dAre I NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed In the narrative. ) 17.-Oh, dear, dear me l what a cold I've got! Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo I I first feel chilly, then feel hot. Ah.choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo I I don't know where I could have caught This nasty cold, but yet I ought; I'll give the question further thought. Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo I I think I'll go to my wife and say (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishool) "Did you forget, dear, yesterday (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo 1) My pair of worsted socks to air And hang my shirt, too, on a chair P You know it's dangerous to wear- (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo !) I meant to say just then, of course (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah.tishoo ), " Damp clothes I" but there, my bad discourse (Ah.choo, ab-choo, ah.tishoo 1) Will only grieve my "better half," Or when I sneeze perhaps she'll laugh; I'm sure I could not stand her chaff. (Ah.choo, nh-choo, ah-tishoo !) No, they've been aired, for here's a hole (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah.tishoo l) Through which a red-hot piece of coal (Ah.choo, ah-i-hoo, ah-tishoo I) Has dropped. My shirt's burnt front and back; I now must try some other track To find the cause of this attack. Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo. At cricket I on the wet grass sat (Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah.tishoo l) For an hour or two, so it smight be that (Ah-choo, ah.choo, ah-tishool); But I rather think my worn out " gamp "- Hurrah! I know (confound the cramp I)- The soap with which I washed was damp ! Ah-choo, ah-choo, ah-tishoo I Jo-.Kne, Lambeth. MONOPHONE. (Words of difflrent meaning. but the same in sound.) 18.-Oh, 'tis weary waiting For the laggard lass, Watching all these couples In their gladness pass; Now we might be straying Down some dewy lane, If she were not staying, Thus to give me pain. Oh, 'tis weary waiting I Hark I first a sound. Surely those are footsteps Pressing o'er the ground; And I see a figure, Jove ! but there are two; Next comes Lucy courting That wretch Simon Drew. Oh ! 'tis weary waiting, Now that they are gone, With a heart despairing In the night alone. Shall I ?-shall I blow my- Here comes Minnie Bell; Kissing in the lanes, why, She will do as well. PATRICK S., Belfast. NARRATIVE META-PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-Oh, hope of the maiden, and curse of the fellow, Once more you've come round in your usual way; I'm sure that each evening I'm made to turn yellow, When " Oh, be my husband I" some sweet maid doth say, I reckon that I've had proposals 'bout fifty, They're coming to me ev'ry evening and day; My brain power's beginning to feel rather shifty, And reason, I fear, will not much longer stay. Dear Droffo, my sympathy ever is thine, friend, I've experienced woes that with yours may compare; I see for sweet marriage you do not quite pine, friend, Matrimonial charms are as fleeting as air. But please don't take to heart what's a compliment rather; To have maidens around pleases me, I may say; And although I at times would consign them much farther, I would certainly weep if they quite kept away. DROFFO AND R. W. ANDREWS. CENTRAL CHAINGE. (0hangs the central letter of a word to form annother word.) 20.-" Friend John, what makes thee look so sad And pale about the eyes ?" " It is not anything that's bad That bids the tears to rise." " Well, is it thatsome naughty firat Aimed at t1y head a stone ?" " If that wore so, I might have cursed And tried to break his own." "Then has thy brightest, finest con. Been by ourEd. diclined ?" "Oh, uo; if all were so, not one Wald tflftmperuakub ny mind;" " WhSt i, tlhdn.' Ji17v, dtf' be vered B 3 of tlseE I" J. Ltflt~rr ADP E. J, SCI[oPJEGI.,
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to'form another word.j 21,-Out upon thee, puling Mercian I out upon thy subtle pen I Dost thou, like the traitor Perkin, dare to first 'gainst honest men P Dost thou, with thy nerveless fingers, e'er expect to guide the " T." ? Know our rightful sovereign leads us, and in silence laughs at thee. You have asked for some position-some high honour from our queen- Then youfinal well support her ! What a subject you have been ! But because she would not listen you would hurl her from her throne ! Oh, ye gods and little fishes, see what loyalty is shown I Honour to Miss Nellie Watson, who has taken up the gage-- She the first in all the "Tourney " dared to brave the Mercian's rage; Heed thou well her sterling counsel, do not lightly pass it by, Lest, perchance, we turn and crush thee in the twinkling of an eye, Do you think those "Tourney" warriors who are fore- most in the fight Ever gained their high position by rebelling 'gainst the right ? No I they fought as private soldiers, fought amid the rank and file, Won their golden spurs at Crecy in the good old-fashioned style. Not for thee, nor fifty like thee, would we lose our gracious queen; Through long years of war and turmoil faithful she has ever been; Now, when peace has crowned her efforts, shall we strike a dastard blow P Rebel Mercian, hear the answer from a hundred voices- No I ROBERT LE DIABLE. 22.-Dear Mr. Birrell, I have seen In this week's page your con. petition, And I am glad that you have been Prevailed to pity my condition. I have not first a lady yet, Though I've had promises of others; Like you, they're fair ones, you may bet, And still they're but our riddling brothers. But fair ones may be had, you know, E'en though the ladies aren't among them; Yet to praise ladies I'm last slow, And songs I very oft have sung them. I, too, am much obliged to you For what you're pleased to say about me; Thanks to your face I will renew, If then you're not inclined to scout me. This town of ours is pretty big,. And you and I are rather distant; But for those miles or leagues a flg, When in the "Tourney" we're existent. Each other we may seek and find- To find's to seek with perseverance; . And trouble I shall never mind When we have made our first appearance. I could still take another one Of those who're in the " Tourney " pages, And hope that me they will last shun To link themselves with brighter sages. IVANHOE, Belfast. 23.-The youthful scholars gathered round The ancient pedagogue, That he, with knowledge most profound, Their baby-brains might fog. He opened wide a mighty book Of philosophic lore, Then, with a solemn, first-like look, Adown the page did pore. "My sons, put not your trust in kings, For even kings may fall ! And many an instance hist'ry brings"- "That aces takes 'em all." The doctor gazed most wrathfully Around his cheeky crowd, And slamming down his book, said he. In tones both harsh and loud: " The boy who interrupted then Will please hold out his hand I" But not one of those future men Obeyed his grim command. " When I quote such a learned last You should not start to mock I You boys are getting very fast"- "Oh, you pull up yer sock I" S. FRANKLIN AND G. ii. PRnnY. NARRATIVE TRIPLE METAGRAbM. (Obange the first letters of three words to foe m three other words, expressed in the narrative.) 24.-A cup there is that always cheers, Though you may disagree; It warms my heart and drowns my fears-- The modest cup of tea. I love to hear the kettle sing Upon the humble hearth; 'Tis such a cosy chirruping, And cheers my weary path. And when the table's nicely laid, It fills me full of glee To see a merry little maid Come pouring out the tea- To see her pretty fingers Twirl her little silver spoon ! For weeks the memory lingers, Oh, of such an afternoon ! Tea-time's a pleasant hour in life, So fall of homely glee, And if you want to love your wife, You first must love your tea. J. W. SEWELL,