ýkr"'r4tNa.", ý , ti m.4G ;p 'rm. imý · VY
{ babet Bet&ea 211 1 ? xjnfu 7 V s an iecaxse a dear little..tbg ow many times c be in o ice. First; wen';,: t'; atiered toa buoy. ond, when it's teder .ta nan-a.war. rd, when it's ndri ,g aftr' a swoell: Vrr need not a person perish from hunger he desert ?--On account of'thie san which samdwiohes) tlhere. Vow came those sandwiohes there?-Noah k Ham, and his descendantS 'bread and :sred (bread and must-rd) there. VYtiY did Joseph's brethren put him into pit ?--Because, having a coloured coat on, y would not let him go into the poxes, Vnt:i does a man shave himself with vr :--When he outs his heir off with a ling. Vur have not fowls any hopes of a future e?--Because they get their nest world cks twirled) in this. SVa is the treadmill like a true convert ?- cause its turning is the result of convic- j uY abould a gouty man make his will 7-- ,ryIve his legatees (leg at ease). }Vu is are gloves unsaleable ?--When they ielt e hand. \' En is a clock guilty of mnisderneanour '--' hen it strikes one. W uT1' joint of meat is most appropriate for empty larder ;--A fillet (fill it). \WAT mechanical apparatus do the fair thers at R.amsgate resemble ?--iTh diving ii(e)s. Wiv arc military offi ers the most uni ucky ;men I--Because they are always in solio. t:i or another. Wi V.r is the difference between a drummer- y and a pound of meat ?-On' weighs a uud, and the other pounds away. Wnmicu travels at the greatest speed, heat cold ?--Heat, because you can so easily tch cold. WPH is a haunch of venison like a dandy ? B, camse it's a bit of a buck. War would a burglar he a good man to mild ironolads? -Because he understands ,y steel plate business. WaY is a selfish friend like the letter P i7- ,:cause, though the first in pity, he is the it in help. WE Y should the stars be the best astrono. ers i- Because they have "at, udde.l the eivens since creation. Wa didn't-the last dove return to the ark ? Because she . had sulficient grounds for a:mumining away. : i\r is an ittoriey like 'a,. minister ? Because he studiestielaoyw .and peroits. WHAT is that which maklesi, all women nally pretty l-Putting the candtes'out. WnAT kind, of paper ,most resembles : eeze 7--Tiss~h paper.' "1 War\ is a, stove an angroe ao daffaii i mmer as well as : w iuteri? ieeau'e dil ther season it 'is: anlwvitays lgrt l " etr sled. VW FiT three words did Adaine use.. Wiheh b< troduced himself to Eve, aid vbich lreal e same; backwards and ufo}rwardcs ?-14iadisn m Adarm. WHAT is the nmoost wondi e futl of csrobati ats ?-Fors ' an to ev,',l.n is moind. it g.yet i a use eby; evea o,`r -you. .I··,'i? 'i ·=-.B1;:;~·' · ·' ·' '~;i,, h';
' a.rYdoe al.dog wag his t~il'.vwien he sees his mrater cqminig --Because he had got one t WIalor is the best way to keep a woman's love ?-7 ever to return it. ":How can you make a real cowslip in winter ?-G-reaso a cow's hoofs, and place her on the ice. WiWa should a physician have a greater horror of the sea than anybody else " Because he is more liable to sea (see) sick- ness. WHEN is a window like a star ?--Whon it is a skylight. WHY is a good poem like a good railroad ?- Because in both the lines run rnmoothly. WH.AT' needy poet belonged to rue of the richest corporations in Engalede? - Gold- smith. WiAe qoestion is :aked when an admiral is named ?:'--ow (Howe). WHY is a foor-quart jug like a lady's sirde- saddle ?--n3,o:.,use it. holds a gal'on. WHo was the firat p~ ,Et-boy ?--Cadmus ; h- , carried letters from ]Phmnicia to Greece. WHY is a woman liviog up Lt;"I padirs .i stairs like a goddesi:k'-leeauc she is a second Flora. WHY is a trick of lrgerdem:ain like de'li- ing an olfer of marriage ;--Becauso it is a sleight; of hand. I iHo is the circulation of the blood somie- timers isnspended ?--Beacause it attemptis t circulate in vein, WAY is a married mar like a candi ?- Becausie he sometimes goes out at night wlien he ought nut to. WVAu' is it, that must be tak.bn from you before you get it ?--Your portrait. WH/.T is the differenca heti ven a Methodist preacher an a camp meeting raid a gltnton - One dius at ninners, and the other sins at dinners, WaY is a cruel man like a peach ?--3ecau he has a heart of stone. Wriy is iron sometimes like a hbud of robbers -Bec.ause it is united to st.al. WHY are suadents in chirography to be nomnmended ?--Because they do write. p rY are there three objections to a glts: of spirits ?-There are three scruples to a dram. WHo is tie most popular maitiary corn- mandoer o-Mart.ial Ardour. WHAT age is most deciiving?--The saut- age. Wnui are kisses sweetest ?-Whien they are syruptitiously obtained. WHEN doe tosawoman's tongue go quickest ? -When it is on the rail. WnY mright carpenters believe there is no such thing as stone --Because they never saw Wri, :NN are eyes not eyes ?-When the wina makes them water, WaAT may one always have his pockets filled with, even when they are empty ?- Soles. ' WHri is the root of the tongue like a | dejected isan ?-Because it is down in the Smouth;b SWhiY g as Saitson like a uafe 7-Beyeause his sttength was in his locks. SWHAT'r ups is a man pretty sure of after cups of liquor ?-The hio-oups. F Why wiuld a tat on tarts be objectionikbl r at seas?-Because it would be encouroging c pie-rates.