RIDDrL TOURRN AMFiENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters. as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundatiot Words.
1.--Primals delightful, enchanting, appears, Let us receive it with rapturous cheers! Finals its capital stories we find, Pictures and poems of every kind. Cross Words. C ome, riddlers all, with laugh and song, O ur puzzle lists we gaily throng! E ejoiced am I to meet once more D istinguished knights and firsts, a score, I n festal garb, alert and gay, A lready'next the well-known way, L eaving behind third signs of care, G o merrily the joys to share B eserved for Young Folks' riddling band. E xcitement reigns on every hand. E ach puzzle-maker, like my next, T hrough many days has worked, perp'exe ; I fancy, every now and then, N ew rhymes to conjure with his pen. G ood luck if he should chance to hold S uch post as this. ' rwere joy untold T he honourable place to gain. O ur Ed. will sixth the best. In vain Y on search for next in England dear-- O h, rest assured it is not here; U nkind you'll deem this vagueness, friends, A nd so I haste to make amends. L ook over Afric's south-east shore, L o! seventh comes your eyes before, F rom Africa we fly away B ight off to Switzerland, and stay I n this canton, of whose chief town E xciting story of renown N o d3nbt you all remember well- D oes 't not recall the name of Tell ? S eat yourselves, friends from near and far, O nce more within my magic car, F or now again we ninth to rove T hrough many a fair and fragrant grove. H ere rest awhile, for now you see Enchanting clime of Italy. T here on the south this seaport lies, O 'erhead the blue and sunny skies. U nless I next your valued praise, B ight clever friends, my twelfth essays N o longer can I hope to make. At least, howe'er it be, please take M y hearty wishes for your health, E njoymeut, happiness, and wealth. N ow, farewell, riddlers good and true, T ill next time. LorTTI W. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 2.-The verdant cloud of rustling leaves Is sinking to the dust; The fra;l, food leaflet clings and cleaves, tint quit the sire he must ! N , more he'll flaunt his vivid green ; 'T.vixt heaven and earth he'll intervene T shelter man, with humid screen, From Sol's aspiring last ! Tae stubble strews the total plain, G me is the golden-waving grain; Tae earnest gleaner's bended head And eager, searching eye No more o'erlooks the stubble bed- 'Tis left to solean crows instead, And 'midst the stalks and flowrets dea'. The rabble peep and pry. Wish we the sun would glow again ? That men could reap and mow again ? The warbler's song outflow again ? And scented blossoms blow again ? Take ye this book, and in its pages Skip over oceans, countries, ages; In days pacific read of strife For liberty and honour-life! In days of autumn read of June; In winter of the harvest moon ; When snow and ice are sc tttered round, Be lost amid the verdured ground ! Thtus, when the storm-wind beats the pane, "Twill seem like breezes low; Our homely room will be a lane, Our sisters' voices a refrain Of soft and bee-like flow. Oh, for atrue poetic harp To tune my vagrant thought! With fiery words and accents sharp I'd still the envious, hating carp That worth provokes. And 'gainst thee is, or will be brought, My dear Young Folks! The year is speeding to its end- " uld year, you shall not die!" Say, kindly reader, wilt defend- Old Eighteen-eighty-three attend, That he "neath gravestone may rot le ? The means-this book-is in your hand, Preserve it safe as marriage band. Ah ! memories fond around thee cling, Thou'rt a fixed star in our social ring That cloud ne'er cloaks; A sight of thee will always bring This old year back on pristine wing, Dear, dear Young Folks! W. A. CooPER. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 3.--Surely no heart with bitter feeling burns, No mind will scorn to first with friendly ties, As robed in gold, sweet autumn now returns, In all the shining glory of the skies I Would I could feel yon blue sky held no cloud To cast its shadow of suspense or pain On some poor mortals in the grateful crowd, Which praises Nature in her bloom again I And yet, alas ! some heart is breaking now, Some bosom yearning for a lover lost, Some maiden weeping o'er a broken vow, Some ared one shlv'ring as in winter's frost. Some one has lost a fondly-cherished friend, Some one is with'ring 'neath the trial of care, Some sick one waiteth pensively the end, And, praying, looks unto a home more fair. But raise the glass to Nature! that kind dame Who adds unto our joy and soothes our grief ; Glald'ning the thoughts of old and young the same, With happy smile on ev'ry fruitful leaf. Gather her flowers for the sick at home, And draw the curtain from the darkened pane, To let her second sunbeams gladly come To some sad face and give it bloom again I H. C. Paicx, Southwark. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 4.--The king was in a frightful, awful rave. As any one could see who looked at him ; And soldier, courtier, counsellor, and sage, With features fixed and pale, and trembling limb, And heads bent next, their monarch stood around, Nor dared to speak or make the slightest sound. That morn the capfain of th' Imperial Guard, With tearful face, had dropped upon his knees ; Fear, horror, seemed his ntt'rance to retard, Till blurted he, " Your highness, if yon please, The soldiers want their wage-they say, my lhege, That hunger to their stomachs has laid siege !" Then menial and tradesmen prayers uttered, A sking for money. With a withering look at them The king laid down the toast he'd nearly buttered, And primal rising up, the knife he shook at them Roaring, "What! wages? Hangmeif I do l Settle your bills ? By gum I I'll settle otL'-? The expression of his highness' face was sweet again, When all had begged his pardon for their sin In askint him for cash. He took his seat again ; But, ah ! a sharp, though very kttle pin Had there been placed by a degraded page. No wonder, then, the king was f s rage I O. TaOT,
(Change me first letter of a word to form another word.) 5.-The Autumn Double Number I Young Folks greet it, And even older folk the paper buy. Because, you know, no other there's to beat it For excellence. You laugh until you cry By a perusal of the stories witty, While riddlers rally round and do their best, And other poets give a little ditty, When smiles provoking do its merit test. The Autumn Double Number! Don't you know it P Last year it was exceptiounally flune, Because the author, Editor, and poet, And many more, contributed their " line." Because the clever artist was au fait, and Delighted to portray the author's plot (When once my mi said, "Eun now, Tom, and play, and Enjoy yourself "-Y. F. performed the lot!). The Autumn Double Number!- What! not seen it- The book that both instructs and entertains ? To use an old expression here, I ween it Is worthy any staunch enthusiast's pains. A kindly feeling ever is prevailin-- Yes; Young Folks is an unremitting friend. Pursuits, incessant mental work entailing, Must e'er have an inevitable end. The Autumn Double Number ! Every primal, The worthy Ed. desires, it will amuse; Mayhap too brief the pleasure-for a time all, 'Tis hoped, will be coutented with the news. A week or so, from north and next-all quarters- It is expected, as of yore, will come The welcomed tidings-grateful sons and daughters, Decidedly Young Folks secnreth some. T. J. VANDERPUMIP.
DECAPITAT [ON. 6.-Once again, 'midst scenes of gladness, Meet we next with hearts so gay, Pnttin~ by all thoughts of sadness On this ever joyful day. Many hearts like drums are beating, beating with expected pleasure. Many faces smile a greeting for this promised Autumn treasure. Once again congratulations Seem to flow trom every side, While we at such adulation Bow with pardonable pride. Likewise mentally resolving to work with untiring measure, Spnniun thoughts of harsh dissolving from our usual Autumn treasure. Once again our band of songsters Cluster in the same old place : See, our Ed. stands first amongst us, Greeting all with kindly grace. While we vie with one another to evince the greatest pleasure, Bid him thank each Fleet-street brother for this glorious Autumn treasure. Let us take the Double Numbers, Hoard and save them one by one, So that when the muse still slumbers, When the youthful days are gone, We with loving thoughts will linger, in ourhours of ease and leisure. Musing o'er each bygone singer wbo adorned our Autumn treasure. MARION TAYLOn, Birkenhead. ENIGMA. 7.-I am oft the cause of wretchedness and pain, And many will do aught me to obtain; I am oft the cause of strife and the losing of a life, And yet I'm in appearance somewhat plain. I am seen in every city, every town; In colour I am yellow, white, and brown; I am seldom with the poor when they poverty endure, And I'm not with him in circumstances down. With the wealthy I am ever to be seen, And am owned by lord, and baronet, and qqeen; I am useful to the State, for my value's often great, And, in fact, to every one I've useful been., J. A. MAnaisaLr,,
MONOPHONE. (Words of diiieren meaning. but the same in sound.) 8.-He lay on the glistening shingle, Listening to the breakers' roar, Weaving grand tales and romances, Idly dreaming as of yore; And his castles towered higher, Nob'er, grander, than before. Life, with vivid, glowing colours, Did his youthful fancy frame; Now success and disappointment Hung their gloomy heads in shame; Talent, honour, weals h, and power Gathered round him with coy Fame. And there came a glimmering vision Of a maiden young and fair. Who would his tall, airy castle And his proud position share; And he seemed to first the diamonds Sparkling in her sunny hair. Still he lay there in a dreamland That the waters tried to mock, As they gathered, slowly, surely Round the weather.beatenu rock. And he woke to find around him A great seething, foaming block. In the early morn they found him Stretched upon the cold next shore, On a spot where oft he'd lain, and Dreamed his pleasant dreams of yore. Lifeless, wrapped in Death's deep slumber. He will dream them never more. MiAGoIE D., Grangemouth.
META GRAM. 9.--jMy purpose to.day is to writs you a lay Which shall drive all your worries and troubles away. 'Twill make you so gay thit you're certain to say You've not been so tickled for many a day; For when you begin you'll indulge in a grin That will pncker your mol~th, while it dimplesyour chin ; And as you proceed the first stanzas to read, You'll chuckle, and guffaw, and snigger, indeed, And your body will shake till your bones really ache, And you fancy each moment they're going to break. Then you'll read a bit more, and you'll shriek and you'll roar, Till you'll fall down exhausted and roll on the floors And before you can rise, the hot tears from your eyes Have collected and made quite a pond for the flies. Then you take one more glance (rather shy and askance), And this time you go round in a bellowing dance; But, oh, horror I just here I've a terrible fear That my mirth.moving second may prove somewhat dear. Suppose you should choke. or explode, or go mad I I think, after all, I shall write something sad. BAurETTr DE BEAR. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 10.-A master will thepatience tax Of my first, should wrath he wax More kicks than ha'pence too's his share, None know how much he has to bear. Write me down my first once more, 'Twill be my second, third am sure; It's mentioned, too, and all well knew it, In Shakespeare, who's our fourth's great poat. My whole spreads horror far and wide. Now what it is you must decide. Lear MaULLEN, Peckham, 11.-In fancy fly to Yankeeland, And there a State you'll see Which seems to show what's passing-in That land of liberty. For just divide me, and methinks The parting is for ever; For while myfirst cries out, Come join, My second says; I sever. P, V., $~ tU234,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. : Foundation Words. 12.-Shout the news cheerily, Lustily, merrily, Primals are here! Brimful of merriment, Proved by experiment, Worthy a cheer. Hey I for our glorious Finals victorious I Hip, hip, hurrah ! Long may the merit he as nss be in verity Shouted afar I Cross Words. Hardly earned and quickly spent, Cause of joy and discontent, Oftener the latter. Here a colour; :hird a term, Which, curtailed, I will affirm, Symbolizes chatter. Fourth, chronologer of facts, Generations' doughty acts Faithfully depicted. Now a town in Yorashire see, On the river Ure (N.B.- Further hints restricted). Fairy sixth; and next a game; Eighth Pygmalian loved-the same Venus animated. Ninth, we find denoting grief, Mayhap, tenth; and now relief Next has promulgated. Son of France, as next ye went, O'er the wilds or thirteenth bent, Foeman's fury braving ; Next his form the en'my spies; This I for next he measured lies In the long grass waving. Will the next of faithful steed Wake him ? Will the eighteenth heed Hearts thus torn asunder ? Or the lonely next whose joy Centres in her soldier boy ? Ah I no heed to wonder. Twenty shows a brave resolve; This a puzzle hard to solve; Last may be a blessing. In conclusion, I would state Eighteenth you'll decapitate, When the answer guessing. L. HAMILToN. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerl.h expressed in tegures.) Foundation WVords. 13.-Home of the great gems of genius Is final, of beauty and art; Primal, in matters religious, Is well known to play a good part. Cross lVords. 1,500 and ruer Heaven have pity on all who do thil I Putting an end to their own share of bliss. 550 ,, roano In fiction, a person whom Shakespeare created. 1,000 ,, bun Wanting in feeling 'twill fully express; Kindly curtal1 it when you c in guess. 1 ,, tek A toy, and how much it makes laddies elated I WALLrs AND GRAHAM, DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of two words are transposed, and form other words in the narrative.,) 14.--The battle's lost-a fugitive the king! The evening light o'er Malvern's height is faintly linger. ing; The day has sped; the Stuart hosts are scatter\d. And Charles, in flight, is seeking where to lay his head! Pursuit still nigher, he gains a neighbousing shire; His friends but few, though staunch and true, 'gainst foeman's steel and fire ! From smoking town, so rudely, fiercely battered down, The jaded steed bears what is left of shattered cruwn! 'Tis morn once more, and by the sturdy oak, His home the wood, brave Pend'ril stood, and thus to Stuart spoke: "My gracious king, combat this hour of suffering; 'Midst Fortune's gloomy frowns thou arL alive, my kingl " If thou hadst fallen where thy army bled, Or by the hand of rebel band wert vanquish'd captiveled, All hope were rain ! for worse by far to thee the chain, Than if by side of Death in battle thou hadst lain. "But thou dost live; art free from gyve or cell; Still thou must hide, and by my side art safe at Boscobel. This noble tree will amply shroud and shelt, r thee, Till willing hearts and hands can help thee o'er the sea. "Some future day back thou wilt come once mo-e; And if the feud should be renewed again u on this shore, Thy broken mail, made whole by new forged link and nail, Shall blunt the swords which did ye yesterday assail " The king was saved The promised day came round; In peace restored, no need of sword by foe wa. sought or found; So did the king kind words to faithful service bring, But to the foe of venge and death the heralding! R. C. LOVELESS, Birmiugham. CHARADES. 15.-W hen o'er the distant hills a rosy hue P ervades the grey and misty-looking sky, I mparting warmth and colour to the view, C lear neats of first adorn each bough on high, K eepiug the tender buds refreshed and sweet. E re long the feathered tribes begin to appear, R oused from their downy nests the morn to greet I n jos-ous melody so sweet to hear. N ow flee the vapours, as the sun again G athers each total for the coming rain. Aar BOEHnsa. Shorneliffe. 16.-M first's a word which means pretence; My next's a stone, 'tis clear; My srhole's a kind of little plant To Ireland ever dear. SITZ, Dungarvan. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. 17.-Upon the rolling deep that washes England's pleasant isle, I saw, as night began to lower, the moou resplendent smile And as she mounted higher still she pierced the gloom of night, Till right athwart the ocean lay one broad briaht pathos light. The cliffs around for many a mile towered high stove the shore, And fresh and free from out the deep the seS breeze inward bore. C. H. BoEHtEs. MET AGRAM. 18.-" Say you'll wed me, darling Amy, Give my mind a lasting peace; Just confess you love me dearly, That your heart seeks not release. First'to think of me a little: Shed some sunshine o'er my life; Make of me a happy creature- Say you'll be my loving wife. Do not next, but-be outspoken, Only drive me not away; In my home as queen you'll final, Lov'd by me both night and day. Pea,