RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words.
URERAH I Bravo I Bravissimo I I cannot help but cheer again; I leap about and gladly shout, In accents quite fortissimo, "OurDouble Number's here again I" Ay, here in all its glory, too. See, how it is inviting us, With pictured sheet and poem sweet, And wealth of tale and story, too, Amusing and delighting us 1 A glorious primals, verily I To ev'ry girl and boy it brings Amusement gay this finals day. Then thank our Ed. right merrily For all the store of joy it brings I Cross Words. "A thing of beauty is a joy for ever," And poet Keats declares that it will never Fade into this, but will remain a joy Which even Father Time cannot destroy. I do not like a youth who is my next; A lack of candour always makes me vexed (The tail from this word you must disconnect, If you would have the answer quite correct). The brave third warrior Saladin played well his warlike part, But found he was no equal match for England's Lion Heart. The sun's departing fourths are bright, When fifth is merging into night, When sunset's gold and purple bars Give place to myriad sparkling stars, Whose soft reflections, downward cast, Are mirrored in the silent last, Which moves along all peacefully To meet the waters of the sea. F. W. BINSTrED. DELETION. 2.-I once knew a foolishly good.natured man, Who ran last a fortune, and gave as he ran; And, though you may doubt it, 'tis true when I say He even would give his last penny away. He'd give his last penny-well named Sylly Phlatt- Commencing on shillings and pounds alter that 1 This stupid propensity took on, forsooth, Alarming proportions while he was a youth. His pa, whose parental affection was great, Guae unto this fellow a primal, first.rate, And good education--he nothing did lack. But when he grew older he gave it him back I And thus there came o'er the unfortunate lad 'The mania of giving away all he had. The only departure he made from this course Was once when he wildly resorted to force. A borrowing friend, a peculiar man, Whose borrowing fever was chronic, began Demanding with scoflings, so Phlatt, very red, et to, and then gave him a thrashing instead I This friend, who was touched (and not lightly), then saw His error, so started proceedings in law; First privately hiring the pugilist Bull, So for once, last this agent, he paid Phlatt in full. But still he would give, till at last quite bereft of home and of money, he nothing had left. And yet he'd not alter his plan ; for one day, A friend who was faithful, did thoughtfully say, " You've left yourself nothing 1" WhenPhlatt, looking gay . Remarked, with some humour, "I'd give that a,,ay!" WV. J. SHARMANs. METAGRAM. 8.-I am a wretched, a sorrowinu poet (Poet? Ye gods! 'twas a slip of my quill). Talent I've not-if I have, I ne'er show it. I wish 'twere a plant, that I might quickly grow it, And the hearts of all mankind with joy would I fill. I read through these columns of poetry clever, And anxiously gaze for what is not there. I look for my cons., but though I endeavour To peep from sad tears when I think that I never Appear in this first, or, in fact, anywhere. But I rise like a giant-away with all sorrow I Another I send, and my prospects look bright. I bravely resolve that I'll ne'er trouble borrow, Be content with to-day, and ne'er think of to-morrow (But out goes my next--I must bid you good night). A QUILLE PEN.E. BETAGRAM. 4.-Oh, summer I! sweet summer ! thou'rt here Once more, with thy radiance bright. Of seasons the queen of the year, All hail thee with greatest delight. - e Sweet summer, first stay; Do not haste away. Oh, summer, first haste not thy flight I The earth hath now cast off its gloom. What grandeur the eye doth now meet I The flowers are all in full bloom, The air with their perfume is sweet. Then, summer, first stay I Oh, why haste away I Thy presence with joy we do greet. Oh, look at the children at last ! Ah, list to their voices so gay ! They think not you'll soon be as past As they roll in the new.gathered hay. Then, summer so bright, Oh, haste not thy flight 1 Thy sojourn with us do delay. H. W. W. LLOIr, Watford. LOGOGRIPH. 5.-My first is part of you and me, And doubtless you'll disclose it ; An animal you then will see, If you will please transpose it. Reverse, then kindly add a tail, And if you do it right, sirs, A place for purchase and for sale 'Twill surely bring to light, sirs. Reverse again, and please to call A vehicle to mind, sirs; Well known it is to you and all, As quickly you will find, sirs. Curtail, transpose, and then arrange, And to you, riddlers dear, Another animal (how strange I) Will speedily appear. J.A. MARsHALL. TRANSPOSITION. 6.-A puzzle I fain would indite, To appear in the Midsummer Number, But somehow I can't freely write- I feel more inclined for a slumber. I've first till I really am second, But all seems to be of no use. I own I had ne'er before reckoned On toil when I took to the muse I Much better I feel, I confess, Now I've told you the tale of my woes; And, wishing said number success, This poorest effusion I close. ERNEST C., Tunbridge. CONUNDRUM. 7.-Kind friends, there is a remedy For persons when they're aching In my opinion that will be To start on window.breaking. And now I'll ask you, one and all, Why Ilam so believing? And as that ends my puzzle small, 'Ti time that I was leaving. F. WaLss, Swindon. MONOPHONE. 8.-I rast a stone into the air, It would come down I knew not where ' But fate decided it should dash Right next our window with a crash. F. BoERxE, Shorncliffe.
ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 9.-T hree cheers let us give for this grand Double Number I H ow rich and full it seems to be I R ouse up, allyebards --ay, rouse up from your slumber! E ncore it with cheers, one, two, three I E nchanting indeed are the tales herein written. C ould aught with this number compare P H ow pleasing to see, and how like a true Briton E ach riddler fights bravely and fair I E njoyment we gain from their cons. bright and clever; R ead we them with unfeigned delight; S o join me in wishing success now and ever F or each true and gallant young knight. O h, primals, your work am I ever commending! B Restore ye our smiles when we're sad. T he lessons that unto our hearts you are sending H elp us to make home bright and glad. I inpatient I wait for each Young Folks' appearance, S o eager its pages to read, D espairing and sad at the least interference O r delay. But let me proceed. Cress Words. U nequalled is first as a sweet, fragrant flower, B right blossom of fair, gladsome spring. L ife, wealth, hope, and all sink beneath second's power ; E 'er sorrow and woe it doth bring. S o well known is fourth as a pleasaut employment, U nequalled in making time fly; M ost harmless hnd third is the bit of enjoyment; MI y friends, none this fact could deny. E ncouraging words we receive when down-hearted, RL enewing our hopes with great speed. N o person with jealousy e'er could have smarted, U nless they were spiteful indeed. M y fifth a good sixth to you all will be showing- B ut, there, I have finished my con. E nough have I said, and my space smaller growing, B eminds me 'tis time I was done. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. DECAPITATION. 10.-Yes, I'm here again, though I've nothing to say, And therefore will say it-that is, if I may; For, of course, you know the Ed. may grow Quite angry with me, and, oh, should this disgust hmn, He'd crumple it up, and cry angrily, " Bust him I He's here again with his old bit of wire Which he calls his lyre, and says his desire Is, without delay, to ascend much higher The ladder of fame, and he says it's his aim In the "Tournament's" space to find a place- Hopes I'll insert it. I will, in the fire l" And then this puzzle-oh, glorious fate l- Would find a grave 'midst the dust of the grate, Although not interred in old Westminster Abbey. Well, then second Ed. would call out for a cabby, And drive straightway to the vigilant police, And tell the inspector he ne'er could have peace, Because some fellow (of course meaning me) Haunted him ever with things he called puzzles. And he'd first out his tale with so mournful a wail That the ruddy inspector would turn very pale, And thus would he say in response to the plea, "Don't fear, sir, for we keeps a species of muzzles With which we cail fasten him up so as he Will feel no uneasiness, know no pain, And never won't write you no puzzles again!" And some folks, no scruples have I in coufessi,'g, Would fervently murmur," Oh, dear, what a blessing !" A. Sr. J. A ucocu. LOGOGRIPH. 11.-Longfellow, Byron, Miss Braddon. and Thackeray, Kingston, Lord Lytton, and Dan'l Defoe, Beeton and Gilbert, and essays on quackery, James and Sir Walter-whose surname you know- Ouida and Hood. with his love of the humorous, Cowper, and Marryat's tales of the sea, Collins and Tennyson, Dickens, and numerous Others, all noted for first and esprit. These have I read, to say nothing of Harrison Ainsworth and Dalziel, Harriet ,towe, Trollope and Oliphant-what a comparison I- Lever, and Lover, and Thomas, Mark Ho. Pe, Barham-esteemed for his pleasant and wittily Legends depicted in jingling rhyme- Melville, whose stories are told very prettily, Linton and Payn-so I think it is time I with a pen should be able to verify, Able to collocate, able to show, Able the cynics to frighten-ay, terrify- Able to burst on the world in a glow, Able to mix with the best of society, Able to say-well, I don't care a jot. Able, in short, to enjoy notoriety; Only, I'm sorry to say, I do not. No, and the cause is, in spite of ability Sycophants say I portray with the pen, Masses perverse still assert my utility Next no demand. Oh, what ignorant men i Spite of the fact that I study urbanity, Write for the million, and steadily try, Where is the nation's far-boasted humanity ? Nobody reads my effusions-ah, why ? L. HAMIILTON. TRANSPOSITION. 12.-The night was first, and one bright star Shone dimly down from skies afar, And round the dreary battlement Walked cats-I really cattle meant- And in the dreary moat there stood Of chickens quite an awful brood, And everything there savoured of decay. Upon the bridge a knight there stood, With noble countenance and good, Who cried aloud, with joyful manner, " I will fight 'neath Younq Folks' banner." Then to post right quick he went, And next a dozen cons. he sent, All armed and eager for the coming fray. A MoUaNIsN KNIGHT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Cross Words. 13.-For first a well-known vegetable find; To write a lady's name please be so kind ; Third gives assent in manner aught but wordy; Fourth is a tree that's sung as brave and sturdy; The fifth stands forth, a kind relation he; And sixth means sweet to taste, most certainly; Seventh a" tricksy spirit," come and gone ; Eighth one of much-wed Henry's queens is shown; A lady's name in ninth appears in view; How hard the fate of tenth I he's naught to do; A little herb of fragrance sweet and rare Eleventh is. Now find them out with care. Foundation Words. Put each in place, th' initials then extract; The finals too, and please to be exact. The latter tell a writer, one whose name O'er all the world is trumpeted by fame. Initials give a work of his-a play. "Epluribus uanrm." And now good day. DIANA R. O'D. CENTRAL CHANGE. 14.-I think it only is your first That I explain to you That I of rhymer' am the worst That ever you did view. And so I hear you all exclaim, With voice of one accord, 1 hat von do all believe the same
Which I do here record. And though I often next my hands With ink as I do try To earn the praise our Ed. commands, I can't the con. supply. And so my name is like to this, For aught that I can see; Although 'twas never great, I wis, I hoped that it would be. B. MoNTaOMaFRr. - -~BVERSION.' 15.-A certain kind of watch please flnd- Now, mind you get the right; Reverse it now, and you will see A word which means delight. J. DEL. BoaoxzI, Lambeth.
TRANSPOSITION. 16.-Come, birds, bees, and ev'ry sweet hummer, Awake from your silence and slumber, And welcome the latest new.comer, Till hoarseness each voice first encumber. Let youear cheers, lads and lasses, float high on The air for the famous Red Lion, And hip, hip, hurrah I for the summer, And Young Folks' grand Midsummer Number I Hurrah for the authors who write the tales I A la Binstead-tra.la.la.la.liety I To win hearty praises each one never fails In every class of society. Hurrkh for the artists, whose pictures are grand I Let an echoing cheer ring all over the land For old Red Lion House and its talented band I Tra.la-la.rum.te-iddy.la.-liety I But three times three for the man at the helm I Ri.toorallooral.li.iddity I Our storm of praise won't his good steering o'erwhelm, For he hears it with smiling placidity. And one cheer more for each riddling wight. Each clever young lady and versatile knight, Whose lasts and whose rhymes all creation delight ! Ri.tooral.looral.li.iddity I Then hip, hip, hurrah! Let the echoes ne'er slumber For Young Folks grand triumphal Midsummer Number I F. R. COULsoN, Bow. DOUBLE DIAGONAL. Cross Words. 17.-I am afraid that I shall not succeed In writing anything that you can read. But I will try-so please to all take heed To what I say. * So please write down an herb-well, no, a weed. Now, don't say nay. Now, this I've often had-a sumptuous dish. For you to find its name is now my wish. I'll give you a slight clue-it is a fish, And it is flat. I hope that none of you will exclaim " Pish I I think he's that." Now, this is done on every ship afloat, On steamer, ship, and even ferry-boat; 'Tis done to bring them home from lands remote, O'er stormy seas. It means to guide a ship-so please to note Of all these keys. Amongst the asteroids this now is found, But in those old days when gods did abound This goddess was with agriculture crowned, Bill-book in hand, And by her side a spade and rake were found, To till the land. I am not handsome, p'r'aps I'm rather last, And some, I know, will put me down as fast, While years ago a damsel stood aghast To see my face. But, still, that time has long ago gone past- Time flies apace. Diagonals. I love to roam in fields so this and bright, So beautiful and warm in Sol's clear l.eht. All gloom and misery' soon take their flight, And rapture fills The heart. It is a colour' get it right, It clothes the bills. While musing o'er a con., I 'gan to nod, And soon was with old Morphens-sleepy god- And dreamed that I was lighting Tommy Dodd In Baffin's Bay. The finals are above ; no doubt 'tis odd. So now good day. W. D. PICECI.O. CURTAILMENT. 1S.--As fades the early summer flower Beneath the sultry beam, So man, the creature last an hour, Must vanish as a dream. A while he buds, a while he blows, In beauty's manly pride; But first beuneath the damask rose The canker-worm doth hide. Life is a chequered pilgrimage, Where shade and sunshine blend; But skies may lower, and storms may rage, If peace doth crown the end. J. DEL. BOROMFIs, Lambtlh. ANAGRAMS ON IRISH COUNTIES. 19.--Tim ran for a mile, and appeared quite dead heat; But he won by two laps-'twas a wonderful feat. Is the lad gone to the shop for the jam ? " Oh, yes; and I asked him to bring me a ham." I made them a stew, served it up nice and hot; And they must have liked it, they ate such a lot. Just wait till it's dark; lie quite still, and you'll see How I and Ben Bolter will set you both si ee. I'll give them a treat-take them allto a play. 'Twill be a nice finish to such a bright day. " I scarcely can crawl--0 do let me rest here!" And then, as be spoke, he brushed off a bright tear. " Now, come, piper, try a good hornpipe or reel." He would not; our anger we scarce could conceal. My dear, 'tis not Rye, but Rye House that you mean. Now, if you get angry, I must intervene. Tom Fox drew a blank, but I drew a nice prize; A writing-desk, too-such a beauty for size. DAMON AND PYTHIAS. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Fountdatiomn Word. 20.-On hedge and bush, on tree and bower, Is this so pearly seen; It glistens in each fragrant flower, And on each leaf so green. Cross Words. A letter take from stood or stirred; Next's used in fishing-boats; Retreat so rural is my third; Fourth's needed by some coats; Then fifth, yon'll find, means late or slow; Next means to cut or chop; A letter is the next, I trow, Found in both spring and stop. D. G. HOLjFS. DECAPITATION. 21.-I know some boys don't care for tchool, They'd rather sport and pay And spend their time in idleness, Which leadeth all astray. Instead of making good their time, That's precious unto all, They think not of first consequence, Or what may them befall. Look at the scholar at his desk, Who maketh it his plan To strive and learn, that last may grow A wise and happy man. Is he not better than the boy, Who findeth out, too late, That he has missed a golden chance, And then bemoans his fate ? M. L. BRAw, Bradford. CHARADE. 22.-To.day my old fmrat Harry Goles far away from me:
Next can no longer tarry, To-day it goes to sea. He'll be far off to-morrow,. Bound for a distant land; But still in joy or sorrow Our whole will firmly stand. SPOTSTROsE, Glasgow. REVERSION. 23.-O1,. Sarah Jane, my heart is sad, For though I love you blindly, Your treatment almost drives me mad I You first me most unkindly. I've bought you seconds, and I've spent Near all my pocket-money. Oh, but one smile of calm content Would sweeter be than honey I T. CAPE rER.
TRANSPOSITION. 21.-" A gage d'amour and a first little note, Quite pregnant with odorous love! The first I'll suspend just a foot from my throat, The latter slip into my glove. Let me next: 'Claude, to thee, My gallant, my own, when daylight has flown, When the moon's on her throne and the night breezes moan Like a night's dying groan, oh, meet me alone 'Neath the shade of the Crusader's tree I' Clarissa, I'll put on my gayest apparel, And drink to thy honour in loss than a barrel Of hock. The shock to rock When thee I see, Clard l This night-delight I-my flight I'll wing to the Crusader's tree ! "Dear me, 'tis.confoundedly dark I Where's she ? This lonesome, hag.haunt of a park! Clard, My patience is going-receding, and flowing; Too tight is my raiment-like Jews for its payment. Clard l 'Tis she! "' Dear love, I've been waiting, debating, and stating The cause of thy absence from me. Here now I am kneeling, appealing, revealing The strength of my rapture for thee, Why so shy, sweet one P Just a kiss an' 'tie done. I'- Horror horrific and terror terrific ! There's hair on thy lip, and there's force in thy grip: 'Tis that scamp of a huckster Adair. I'm ruined, I fear, for I last not appear. They'll never forgot this affair I" Nos NAIuE. CENTRAL CHANGE. 25.-The minstrel lifts the harp that flings Such wild, sweet music from its strings, And love's soft measure, low and clear, Breaks sweetly on the list'ning ear: "Ah, well he loved Boscommon's flower- Sir Geoffrey of the raven's wing- And oft by Melron's lonely tower, Where high the mournful owl doth cling, They met-the knight of England's shore, And scotland's maid all fair and free. But, ah, they part to meet no more Beneath the bending willow tree I " His rival's first has struck the blow- The treach'rous blow of coward's hand- That laid the proud Sir Geoffrey low. And sanguine dyed the rugged strand. " The moon hangs clear o'er Melron's grove, And Melron's tower is bathed in light, And sadly Roslie waits her love, While slowly pass the hours of night. "'He cometh not; the hour is past That erst he sought th' accustomed glade. Bright morning paints the sky at last, And I must seek the castle's shade.' When summer's flowers their fragrance shed, Or wintry lasts are gleaming white, Still Roslie seeks, with ling'ring tread, By Melron's tower her own true knight." Ceased is the song-the tender lay In mournful murmurs dies away. The harp its last wild note has giv'n, The trembling hand its string has riv'n. As: ri. METAGRAM. Ci6.-The Midsummer holidays I how I adore 'em I And how I adore that convenient rule Wh lich sends all young brothers off home to their mothers, And gives them a three weeks' vacation from school ' Mly brothers display the most touching emotion, They first that to see me they constantly pined; And forthwith they prove their undoubted devotion By pretty near sending me out of my mind I They raise a most horrible next with their capers, 't'hey make me the victim of all kinds of jokes; They " burgle" my sanctum, and tear up my papers, My cons. for the YW. D. and Young Folks. They upset the ink in my best box ofcolours (Those colours are third in a pap. I'declare), And "finish" my sketches-the mischievous wretche '- And wind up by putting a pin in my chair! And when I'd be quiet and seek "inspiration," They fill my poor bosom with pain and remorse ; They come to my door with a vile acclamation, And, if I don't open, they enter by force. The Midsummer holidays I how I adore 'em I And how I adore that convenient rule Which sends all young brothers off home to their mot her-, And gives them a three weeks' vacation from schoul' F. W. BINsEAI. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 27.-They come with each season, these beautiful things; Then hail to the one that sweet Midsummer brings 1 Cross Words. 2,000 and yore When friends and deeds have passed away, I hold them safe for many a day ; 1,058 ,, ann Composed of letters ten, yet none Would dare to count me more than one; 600 ,, yea I wither both the strong and grand, For nothing can my touch withstand ; 200 ,, suness It is the great, long sighed for goal, And will, I know, attend my whole; 1,752 ,, an With face awry and far from p acid, We almost swallowed down this acid; 1,051 ,, a Through me my master did escape a Wound, and yet I'm made of paper; 1,100 ,, rey " It droppeth as the gentle rain From heaven," sang the poet's strains 1,053 ,, querub I lost my way, my cash, and shoes, But this I took care not to lose; 552 ,, rue I count the downright, open hiss Far easier to bear than this; 1.000 ,, ena Both men and things ownme--but I've * A notion some have four or five; 1,001 ,, pure Present at contests, fights, debates, Which he decides and mitigates; 1,500 ,, oo Sometimes I'm calm, then swiftly change To haughty, vengeful, fierce, and strange ; 550 ,, abe You've oft upon me, resting, lain, And I brave warriors' lives have ta'en; 61 ,, ee Ah, pity him, poor lonely man, Cast down beneath a cruel ban I 1,000 ,, ore This city, so I've heard folks say, Was not erected in a day. G. Tnor. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundatiomn Vords. 28.-Read down my primals, and you'll find A well.known tree they'll bring to mind; My finals treat the same, and you Will bring another tree in view. Cross Words. A kind of drink first will make known Next means to take what's not your own; Refrain from doing my third, dear friends. And now adieu-my puzzle ends. M. F. GsmiN, Fermoy.