RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META-OMEIRAMR
snee the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) The bright golden sunshine slants over the table, As though 'twould endorse the confession I state; And so I will prima--that is, if I'm able- The heartrending woes I've experienced of late. The summer has ended her glorious season, The reapers have gathered their eheaveg by the score; And, oh, I'm downhearted, and this is the reason: My brothers have gone in for dancing once more. gy pleadings are always received with derision- I've wished o'er and o'er I had never been born; And Lext to the Fates I send forth a petition, They point at me rudely with fingers of scorn. I'd hoped-ahl, my hopes, I too often confess them I- I'd hoped for a time all my troubles were o'er ; But now my sweet brothers-I fervently bless them I- My brothers have gone in for dancing once more. I fear me ere long that my young heart will harden, Foe; hat I put up with I really can't tell; They dance in the hall, in the front and back garden, The kitchens, the parlours, the bedrooms as well. And e'en as I write I can hear just above me The sound of their number nine shoes on the floor; Yet final have solemnly sworn that they love me, Those boys who have gone in for dancing once more. MAion TAYLOx, Birkenhead. -The editor sat in his easy-chair, And softly puffed at his meerschaum pipe; Bat he gazed into space with a troubled air, And his brow anon did wearily wipe, For he knew ere the rise of the morrow's sun A long editorial had to be done. There came a rap at his sanctum door, And the printer's demon looked warily in: Said he, " If you please "- but he said no more (Or, if he did, 'twas a word of sin), For somebody gave him a first, and then Somebody entered the editor's den. 'Twas a long, lank youth with a bilious air, And he walked like Irving in "Hamlet" by; And he gazed around with a stony stare, And he fixed the ed. with his glittering eye, And he said, with a haughty smile, "I bring My ' Essay on Life' and my ' Ode to Spring.' " The editor gasped, and gave a groan, And he fell right back in his easy-chair; And he gaped at the youth of the solemn tone, And the stony look, and the bilious air; Per, sure as our story with truth abounds, His manuscript must have weighed good ten pounds I "My friend," said the ed., with a quivering voice, "I'm awfully last, as you can see; Bat I'm sure I will give you cause to rejoice If you'll kindly leave your work with me, And come up to see me a week to-day, And you'll very soon know if your poems pay." The lanky youth gone, the editor went And dumped his "heavy" work into the " waste," Then with sighs of relief he quickly sent For his office-boy, with the greatest haste; And he said, " Should that lunatic come here again, Just say I'm laid up with congestion of brain I" D. Gow AND S. FRANKLrN. -0 pen of mine, I fear you're getting old- There is a worn-out look upon your face; You are no longer bright like shining gold- You're tired and jaded with life's weary race. And all the rubbish I have made you write, It first me, has but hastened on the end; And now 'tis with a kind of grave delight I write this rhyme your virtues to commend. From trouble I have often found relief When spending time in company with you; But now my neat is overwhelmed with grief At thought of parting with a friend so true. You're cross-nibbed-no, I will not call you names- You're weaknesses 'tis wrong for me to tell; So now as I consign you to the flames, I sadly breathe a long and last farewell. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. -First after long years spent in far-distant lands, The grey, sunburnt waud'rer returns to his home; ace more with his childhood's friends firmly clasps hands, ne more 'neath the rooftree that saw his birth stands, And vows ne'er again from the dear place to roam, e notes with a sigh how old time has rolled by, Bringing changes to many he knew in the past. Id friends 'neath the shade of the ivied church lie- e knows that ere long in his turn he must die, And awaits he in calm the grim archangel's blast. is poor aged parents have long gone to earth, But his sister, thank Heaven, him met when he came 'tall loved that girl, for they knew her trno worth) ; 1t e'en in his sorrow cause has he for mirth, For he finds, after long years, her age is'the same! SS. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. NARRATIVE REVERSION. -Awordis reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative. 5.-My brother is a happy chap, For he a friend has got; He loves his friend most dearly, too' We call her "Little Dot." There is no beauty in her form, Her face is never clean I think she is'the ugliest wretch That I have ever seen. And though my brother loves her well, MAid ne'er from her will part, She never seems to care for 'im; I'm sure she has no heart. His darling he doth oft caress, And bangs her on the floor; And as she never has complained, He "bangs" her more and more. He whispers softly in her ear, To which she ne'er replies; For she, alas I is deaf and dumb, And cannot use her eyes. I hear you all exclaim, "How strange A couple !" Well, you see, My brother's age is eighteen month-, An old rag doll is she ! Jo-KING. NARRATIVE CHARADE. "ored on a word each syllable of which is a wOrd, expressed in the narrative.) 6.-" May I go and see the Zoo, ma P For you know I've never been; And when I come home this evening, I will tell you all I've seen. "Ben has seen the hawk, and eagle, Ostriches, and many more And he says it made him tremble When he heard the lions roar." If you wish td find the answer Of this con., three small words take Join each one of them together, And a riddler's name they'll makea: Ca. lIa,
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the Initial letters of other words.) Foundation WTord. 7.-Time cannot charm it, change cannot harm it [ Melts it through space evermore I On earth the brightest, 'midst skies the whitest Thing is it now, as of yore. Cross Words. Come, primal, and I'll show you all The way to pen a pun, friends; And if at first you fail to grasp My meaning when I've done, friends, Read o'er again, perhaps the clouds Around your paths will rise, friends, And fourth ih third's illustr'ous realm You'll win a victor's prize, friends I - But when your night has passed away, When day's grand beauties glow, friends, You'll ne'er forget " to drop a line," I hope, to us below, friends. So though, my next, no brilliant star, To last the "T " and caper, friends, I'd strive to teach you all the way, But, hang it I there's no paper, friends I AGONISTES. Foundation Word. 8.-A poet great, upon whose wolrks the people dote, And from the same two lines I now do quote ) " The drying up a single tear has more Of honest fame than s)ledding spas of gore." Cross Words. " To the first it goes to-morrow," said he, Holding the sixpence up with boyish glee. Only a portion of second has gone; Leaving before us the whole night and long Oh, how he third, when upon looking back He saw the animal close on his track I My fourth in Victoria's crown doth appear- A gem that is costly, handsome, and clear. Now, then, my answer unfolds to your sight; Thefifth is present when the moon shines bright. NosLUOCA. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ 9.-A poet once thought that he would compose A poem, and call it " The Lay of the Lark;" So to no one did he his great purpose disclose, But last once set to work about making his mark. He worked night and day till his poem was done, And the heights of Parnassus he thought he had won ; Then he said to an editor he would now go, And see what he thought of his wonderful skill As an amateur writer and poet; and so He went, for there were both the " way and the will." He put on his new next and his best Sunday suit, With a necktie to match, and a collar to boot. When he reached that dread spot where the waste paper gains Such an increase of size by the every-day post, He went into that room where the editor's brains Are taxed by replying to queries a host, Then timidly offered his poem, and said, "Please give your opinion when first you have read." " Young man," said the editor, when he had done, " I like this sweet poem of yours very much ; Now listen, and mark, for I'm not making fan: I see in it signs of a delicate touch. I like it quite well; but if you come again, Please remember I like best the lay of the hen." IvANHowE, Belfast, 10.-He is a merry publican That keeps the Miorning Star; Although he knows but little law, He's often at the bar. In person he is big and hale, His stout you can't surpass; And though he does not care to fish, He sells a lot of Bass. Although he seems so stout and mild, ie's bitter when you chaff ; And when he's but a little cross, He's only half and half. And so first merry publican He stands upon neat beer; And when he's dead and last no more, He'll lie upon his bier. F. ALLInoN, Winchester. 11.-There's a little mischief-making Elfin who is final nigh, Thwarting every uodertaking, And his name is " By-and-Bye." What we ought to do this minute Will be better done, he'll cry, If to-morrow we begin it- " Put it off," says "By-and-bye.'" Those who heed his treacherous wooing Will his faithless guidance rue; What we always put off doing Clearly we shall primal do. We shall reach what we endeavour If on " Now " we more rely; But unto the realms of " Never" Leads the pilot " By-and.Bye. DAISr 1M. 12.-This is a monster that lives in the sea, He is hunted by fishermen day after day, Hunted, dear riddlers, but not always caught, For he'll never give up till a good fight is fought. My next is an adjective which means strong and well; I hope when you're old you'll have that story to tell. A beverage quite cheap and renowned, to be sure; 'Tis nise and refreshing-that is, when it's pure. QUILLE PENNE. "13.-My first is found in ev'ry home- You use it to sit down; Some next is owned by ev'ry man Who lives within this town; On sea and land, in ev'ry sphere, My third is found, I ween : Unseen by man, by pigs alone My third, they say, is seen. A. R. STRETCH, Dublin. 14.-First kissed her "darling little hub " (On other days she did him snub); Last smiled a smile of wisdom rare, And winked across the papered hair; For well he thought, and truly, that " This kiss will cost another hat I" A. J. DicKsoN, Bootle. 15.-My first, you'll find, is part of a ship Which is well known to all; In next a tree will come to view That is both stout and tall. A. Seurr. 16.--My first's an important part of a tree Which you have oft had in your hand; Now if you behead me, you are sure to see A house that's not built in this land. B. J. Lone, 17.-A part of a ship, dear riddlers, behead, A tree of the forest you'll have instead. THE BEGINNER, CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change tho central letter of a word to form another word.) 18.--My first is an Irish river- Some famous lakes it drains; Change central letter, and you'll find A seaport town remains. J, BIaaRLL, Belfast,.
ENIGMAS. 19.-Ye knights who tilt upon this paper field, And mount Pegasus with such great dexterity, Who inky weapons valiantly wield, And cut and slash with such headlong temerity- Ye figot for me i Ye speak of honour, and ye rave of fame; Ye grasp, with eager hands, a bloodless victory ; Ye dream of winning soon a noble name; But still-don't think I'm very contradictory- Ye fight for me In bygone days, when Hal the Bluff was king, In me did armoured knights contend aggressively; But now, when fame is such a worthless thing, And " Beauty's scarf " is longed for less excessively, Ye fight for me I I'm limitless, yet with the smallest share Ye dames and knights are all extremely gratified, And that by friends and foemen ev'rywhere Your right to own me should be duly ratified, Ye fight for me I That I am worthy, all your strife is plain, And this I'm sure you will admit most readily, For without me there's nothing could remain, And therefore, ever eagerly and steadily, Ye fight for me I PHILo, Dundee. 20.-Now I'm black, and now I'm blue, Now I'm of a diff'rent hue; Riddlers, find me if you can- Use your wits now to a man. I. H. C. 21.-I'm a projection; Used for protection; All sorts of sizes; Have, too, gained prizes. G. W. HArYAN. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrativr. 22.-This rose, that once was beautiful, is dead- 'Twas taken from a maiden's garden bower, And now, alas I it is a withered flower; It grew supreme among the roses red. It was the loveliest of all, she said, And yet, when she beheld it in her power, She half regretted plucking it that hour; Now for a whim of mine it droops its head. And yet, although its course of life is stayed, And though no more 'twill blossom in the sun, How sweet its end I Mark its delicious breath I Oh, what a simple truth is here conveyed, To cheer us when our thread of life is spunu I- The essence of the rose outlives its death. AnCHEo B., Kenutish Town. DUAGRAM. (Olhnge the first two letters of a word to form anothd- word.) 23.-Sit I in the twilight's glow, Gazing in the fire, Nodding, as the blue coke flames Flicker lower, higher. In his cage the linnet sleeps, Sweet song's blest possessor And the fire.glow slickers round The china on the dresser. Now methinks I see a face In a glowing ember ; Ah, it is the pedagogue's- Him I first remember. Now a cinder falling down Crushes him completely, Leaving still a perfect face, Drawn compact and neatly. 'Tis an old.time friend of mine- Nose of red and yellow; Would that he could see it now I! He is dead, poor fellow. Now the kettle's cheery tune Coaxes me to slumber; And I next asleep, to dream Of faces without number. W. KOHLEo, Camberwell. METAGRAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word,) 24.-Faith, wasn't it rumoured a foine thumpin' fortune Wadswaitin' Liftinant Maerae ov Kinsale ? Sez I. "Paddy Macrae, yer jist lift that portion ; Ye're the luckiest buckeen in ould Innisfail I" I first to the oflis an' axed ser me money; Sez I, " I'm the liftinant; my name's Macrae; I've jist bin evicted, so yez sae, me honey, It's messilf will be plased me fortune ter sae." Thin I sated messilf, an' the man rang the bell, Thin rose on his pins wid a blaze in his eyes; " Yez next a liftinant, yez swindlin' ould scoundrell Sit yez still a minit, I'll fitch a surprise." Och I I grasped me shillelah an' raised it aloft, I'd av killed the hathen for callin' me names But two divils ov peelers grabbed hould ov me soft, An' laid me in the strate wid all me swate drames. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 25.-My first we read- You'll soon succeed If this to guess you try; SAnother word ('Tis often heard) For value please supply. A man whose name Was known to fame For whole you'll now indite; A poet, you Will flnd, 'tis true, If whole is guessed aright. J. SToCKS, Lambeth. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 26.-The dry.land sailor named F. G. Taylor Outwitted first keenest detective: Sure he's no gaoler, neither a whaler, Or else my own system's defective. He's bidden so long from our riddling throng That he thinks his verses are faulty ; So if I'm not wrong, he sung next a song "Neath the name of "Ferro D'Alty." C. DREx o, London. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 27.-One-fourth of chew, One-fourth of shew, And then one-sixth of rattle, One-fourth of chin, One-fourth of shin, And then onesixth of cattle One-fourth of malt, One-fourth of salt, And then one:sixth of saddle. Wholeo comes but once a year, And always brings good cheer. BLAcK EAGLE,. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 28,--Pirst is of many colours seen ; The centre letter please take out, A fox does neoat when he is chased, There's not the least of donlubt. - A bcfNzE SMLITHI GxQ~e
MONOPHONES. (Wda of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 29.-There's some who prize a worthless thing- I know of many a one, Which may to recollection bring Some dear one who is gone; The one I have I hold more rare Than things of priceless gold; It's standing in the corner there, As in the days of old. 'Tis not for its exceeding worth I love its dear old face. But ever since my day of birth It's never left its place. There's many wonder greatly I Should so adore it, and They do not know the reason why, And cannot understand. And first are some who laugh and mock, For loving as a gem What they believe a worthless clock; But I care not for them. So let them keep nlext diamond rings, And leave me what I've got; I do not treasure up such things, And know their value not. I love to sit and listen to Its old familiar sound, As when a boy I used to do. Though other things a ound Have altered as the lapse of years Have slowly onward rolled, Yet still the dear old clock appears As in the days of old. J. A. MARSaALL, Southwark. 30.-Once when winter's winds were blowing, And the dreary clouds were snowing, And the shadows dark were growing Darker on my chamber floor, While I nodded, sweetly sleeping, Careless of the cold clouds weeping, Came an urchin softly creeping, Creeping towards my chamber door. Just a little harmless infant softly creeping to my door- ThaJ was all, and nothing more. Though his first seemed weak and weary, And his face with dirt wos smeary, Yet his smile was bright and cheery As he reached my chamber door; There he paused, and gently stopping, For he seemed afraid of dropping Something that had long been slopping, Slopping all my landing floor- Something which he lifted safely just above my chamber door. 'Twas a jug, and nothing more. From my sleep at last awaking With the noise the imp was making, "Ah," said I, my bed forsaking, " There is some one at my door. And, although my limbs are shaking, And my bones with cold are aching, Some one liberty is taking With the handle of my door." As I spoke, I seized the handle, gave a pull, and then a roar, And next moment I was lying kicking wildlyon the floorl That was all, and nothing more. All my nerves and sinews bracing, Soon that infant I was chasing, Madly rushing, wildly racing Over meadows, over moor; But at last to bay I brought him- On a last with spikes I caught him, And with- Never mind, I taught him Rot to do it any more. It was wicked, so I taught him, to put jugs above my door, And that infant sweetly promised he would do it never more. H. A. TAYLOB, Birkenhead. 31.-I saw Tom perform a first, And I think it was the worst Of all firsts for him to think of, and with him I got quits vexed; For he came to nearly failing, And my heart with fear was quailing, But like a cat he quickly turned and came upon his next, J. G. NicnoLLs, Milton. CONUNDRUM. 32.-Now, riddlers young and old, Con this short question o'er, And either say you're sold, Or that I am a bore. Who in the " Tournament" Is he whose name supplies A stimulating drink Which we will ever prize. T. Howxr, Edinburgh. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of or.ss words that are Roman numerals exaressed in figures.) Focundation Words. 33.-Read these initials down aright, Two British birds will come to sight, Cross Words. 100 and ra A vehicle. 100 ,, oro A sea king. 1 ,, noarto A Canadian province. 100 ,, hawk A word for strike. E. LEIDHIOLD. TRANSPOSITION. (Transposee the letters in a wor i to form another word.) 34.-Another word for friends my first does mean; Transpose, and now a vapour's surely seen. H. F. SAuLs.