RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. Foundat ion Words.
2L-Hail, beautiful number! We looked with delight For your magical pages-a rapturous sight i Cross Words. Pleasant season of the year, Though winter.time seems very near. I want some next, or not a single word Of this my puzzle-con, can e'er be heard. I took a walk across the third that's near, And there, my friends, what think you that I saw P A flock , f geese. Poor things ! 'tis time, I fear, That you were cooked-we cannot eat you raw. How sweet, on this beautiful autumn morn, To climb on the next, where the winds are borne O'er the golden gorse and the fragrant thyme! Here are all the delights of another clime; And my fifth is so bracing, so fresh, so clear, That I feel I could stay for ever here. The mists of my sixth are rising cold, And the sheep are going into the fold, So we must descend to the valley now, And quit the enchanting mountain's brow. It is only September, yet they shower from the trees, And are hurried along by the sweet autumn breeze. In the garden, bright as cold, This gay flower you may behold. It has come-it is here, and before us are spread Fruits golden and purple, and yellow and red. It is colder now, but not too chill, And my tenth looks gleaming and glorious still. How next the autumn woods appear ! Though fading, yet they seem to cheer. Come twelfth this rugged path with me, And then a splendid view you'll see. Over the gate, thi -teenth are bright Of these, so scarlet and gay; The birds do next them with delight-- Right fond of the food are they That grows on the graceful rowan tree, Whose berries last are so fair to see. LOurIE W., Brighton. CHARADE. ,L-" Amateurdom's all a bubble "r' Thus the youthful author said. " I'll L've un its toil and trouble;" And he sadly shook his head. "'Tis a bubble-well I know it; When it looks most fair it bursts!" And that mournful, wretched poet I observed to second firsts. "I will second it! I mean it." T'husu he said, and, oh, a smi:a (He'd have smote me had he sec it) Flickered round my mouth the while. And I lelt him in this trouble, Crying as a wohole he shed, "Amnateurdom's all a bubble. Ana I mean to cut it dead !" F. W. BINSTT:AD. BETAGRAI.L $.-A beantiful rose in a garden first grew, 'Twras a, pure and unsullied as snow, And its bosom was kissed by the silvery dew, Whilst the zephyrs soft music and low, In a sweet, sighllg cadence, around it played, And, as thourh but enhant ing; its charm, The thorns rouptl its stem a firm barrier made, To shield the fair rose from all harm. The day slowly came, as departed the night, And the lark its sweet song had begun, When the flower ope'd its petals, and flashed in the light- In the glorious light of the sun. Then adown from the clouds, in a glittering mist, Came a sunbeam, the dewdrops to drink. And asI the fair rose's white petals it kissed, Thu flower blushed a beautiful pink. But a cloud quickly drove the bright srinbeamu away, Anl the rose, as it bowed its slight form. Saw the sky in the next was all gloomy and grey, A d now burst forth a terrible storm. Then the cruel winds blow the fair queen from her stemn, And. in anger and hurt in her pride, She flushed ruby red, and the sweot floral rem Lan,-uished, faded, then withered and died. NE.,LIu C., Bow. ROTATION CHANGE. ý--What bo ! my friends and neighbours, I pray you galt her round, For if you want amunsement, 'tis here it will be found ; Tis here you meet with gallant knights, each one of whom is bent On winning first and glory in the " Riddle Tournament." I've said that they are gallant knights, and next again I s:at, Each armed with paper, ink, and pen, and eager for the fray. There may be third advanced in skill, yet ev'ry knight's content If he can gain a laurel in the " riddle Tournament." What glorious things these riddles are! What pastimes grand they make! For third would make you laugh and grin till fourth your sides would ache. How oft I've read these riddles o'er, what pleasant hours I've spent Amongst the mystic heroes of the " Riddle Tournament!" Oh, may the Youong Folks flourish long, as it has done before. For just the last of paper 'tis that all of us adore ! And. riddlers, rally round it still, with true and good intent, And long bh represented in the " Riddle Tournamnert." ALEX. S., Glasgow. METAGRAM. 5.-All those whose wish is to unfold What here in simple verse is told, Their sight upon these lines must cast, And learn that first is alw tys last. Now, please, the head of first deface, And put another in its place, Then, as o'er next your eyesight sweeps, You'll find it is a thing that creeps. Again, and for the final time, I beg you change the letter prime, Then third, to make complete success, You'll find to be-well, please to guess. E. BAXTRn. OMEGRIAM. 6.-Now longer shadows on my floor are cast' The twilight deepens, and with it despair; My cranky windows. rattling in the blast, Tell me they soon do first to go elsewhere. Now fades the laurel, with'ring on my brow. And spiders gaunt invade this classic (P) ground, Although there's not a next e'en for them now- A single fly nowhere can now be found. Silent and sorrowful, my gaze is bent On yonder shelf, where, numolested, lie Sheets without number. Oh, what days I've spent In penning them! I turn away and sigh. To bygone days my mind doth now return, When oft with joy I'd muse on coming fame. Now all my thoughts to eating only turn, And last's more precious than an empty name. T. P. DorcHUr, MONOPTIONE. 7.--In first a part of your body view, SWithout it your strength would fail; MIy second's a kind of shellfish-you Will oft on the same regale. BLUCmER, Dumnfries,
METAGR AM. 8.-Dear Ed.,-After months of unlimited leisure, Which, perhaps, in a sense, has incurred your displeasure, I take up my pen, sir (my style rather terse is), And sit down to write you a couple of vernes. Hi diddle, diddle. The cat and the tiddle. Now have you before observed this in a riddle, Or how, in a comical, unruly caper, The dish ran away with the spoon- That the little dog laughed in a manner sagacious, And opened-good gracious !- His mouth so capacious- How all London quaked when it read in the paper The cow did a first o'er the moon ? Jack and his Jill went up the hill, To fetch from a second, a river or rill, A pail of pure water-at least, we sunpose. As, no doubt, you've frequently heard : But, would you believe it, that thick-headed .JLck, sir, Fell down with a whack, sir, And gave Jill a crack, sir And on Johnny's he:adpiece there quickly arose A remarkably unpleasant third. That's it, and I hope that with p)leasure you'll eye it; If not, in the Waste Paper B. kindly shy it. "Shy it !" Good gracious! ny slang will disgrace it. I really intended to say " kindly p'ace it." And here I will end, in case more slang should mar--well, You know, sir, I am, sir, of course- H. V. BARItWLL. ENIGMA. 9.-Two sisters we, in one day born- Twins r::ddv as the Rhenish wine, Re l, rosy as t1he sunset's shine, And fresh and dewy as the morn. Yea, twins, and when we're fresh and young We often h:alf the world command; We're likened unto co al, and Oft has the poet of us sung. We part, yet always meet again, And words between us often pass Of pure delight, and oft, alas ! Of anger, sorrow, grief, and pain. We part at morn, we part at night, Yet, if we selpaate, we meet, Andl lovingly each ot her greet. To show that all is well and right. 'Tis st range, yet none the less 'tis true, That often, with a charming grace, We meet and joyously embrace, net when embracing, quarrel, too. ud having thus so far im parted Our secrets to you, as we should, We'll add that, though we love, we could Not live unless we sometimes parted. T. Cavs, Leyton. DECAPITATION. 10.--The golden sun is sinking, Slowly sinking, Down below the ocean's crest, As alone I'ma sitting thinking, S idly thinking Of those sweet days to me for scond bl1e:. I am thinkiung of tha:lt autumn, (Glorious auti nln, Long ago, but not forgotten: When young tittlebats I caught 'eam, Deftly caught 'emt, With one small sworm: and half a yard of ce ton. I am thinking of those treasures, Childlish treasures, That I first shall see'n.vain, And I sigh o'er youthful pleasures. Vanished pleasures, And shed a tear o'er that once-dreaded cane. O'er sweet memories I'm sighi:lg, Sadly sighitua, But they all lie bhatdows flee, For my landlady is crying, Madly crying. " I say, ain't you eomin' down to tea ?" A. ST. J. _A DCOt. META GlIAM. 11.-I don't mind confessing, kind friends, that I'm shy, But, truthfully speaking, I cannot tell why. And now I've a sweet.heart to love and to nurse, Believe me, it makes ime ten thousanud times worse. A pretty milkmaid is my first Mary Ann, But pity the bashfulness of a young man, I cannot mike lore, and so, oft do I try-- Alas, the attempts !-I'm so awfully shy. One flue summer's morning, together we went (That most awkward journey I now do repent) A-milking the cows in the meadows so green (Ah, if I'd had pluck, now, how anice 'twould have Lhecn ). She started discourse by exclaimingt, " My love," As up went her eyes to the heavens above, " Whateveryou may have to say, say it nowS." "Yes, yes; but," I cried, "you're neglecting the cowa" "Of course, love, the day," she went on. " we are wed, A beautiful dress I will next, trimmed with red. Now, what's it to be, dear--of satin or silk ?" "A-a"-- statnmered I. "B ut.you're spiilliagthe ilk.', " And won't we he happy ! Come, dearest, a kiss" (Oh, earth, take me in from this brazen young miss !). " D'ye third, love ? Why, really, you're shy, I avow." " The cow !" I insisted. " Oh, bother the cow !" F. WALL.Is, Swinlon. LOGOGRIPII. 12.-This pretty gem, its value small, Though slighted in the kingly hall, Doth many an humble beauty grace, And lends its charm to that coy face, Which, maiden-like and artless quite. Requires no tiiamond sparkle bright; The star.like flashing of her eyes The place of costlier gems suppdies. Behead, reverse, then touch you may That harp the angels ever play. Orpheus-like, oh, gently sing, That, like his love, my thoughts you bring From grosser things, my soul refine, With poesy inspire my line ! KEVIN, Dublin. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. Foundation Veoras. 13.-ryIve set mysel' a little task-- But, there, since I've began, it's No use grumbling, so, please, write Two very well-known planets. Cross Words. 201 and er A witch who turned to swine the men Who sailed the good ship Argo; 1,052 ,, ea A character of Shakespeare, and The wife of one lago; 5 ,, rore A pedlar or a wanderer, A traveller, a pirate, Or any one who roams about (I hope you won't get irate); 2,000 ,, tete A famous Irish patriot, Who, I am sure, no harm meant; 100 ,, trash And this my laundress oft does use Upon my under garment. W. D. PIcKrgIoo. CHARADE. 14.-My primal is eaten, a popular fruit-- All nthear haefore I would ehnnas if .
And I fancy all Young Folks'twould qually suit, For I never knew one to refuse it. My second is drank-what a change it doth show ! SI would not be clIased 'mong its patrons, Though sometimes the "tiniest drop," as we know, Is "indulged " by some elderly matrons. My total is drank, and of second a kind Wherein pnimnl has suffered immersion. Oh, now to my riddle the answer pray find, Penned but to afford you diversion. T. L. HrfEny. TRANSPOSTTION. 15.-I want you to find me a nice, pleasant lieht- You'll have to make just a slight search; Transpose it, and find a peculiar tree, That's neither the beech nor the birch. KINe CnwmDIP.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foruitt:otn WVords. 1,.-In these cruel days, when lays, however pure, Which spring from source- lowly ob obscure, Are little noticed by the e ter throne, Ealger for some rich lordlilng's creaking song- Iu these hard days. when humble minstrts .ing ' o those who list to make more sure,' the stiul -- Who only deigu to li-teu thus to hear The weakest portion to be crushed by sneer. How many noble bards in primals dwell anui sing! Is there such bliss as finals in a world Whose flags of death and famine are unfurled ? Who can be joyous when the very air Teems with the shrieks of creatutres in despai;r? When men are treacherous, anld othlers woak, Who would for rarely-huldeu finals seek ? Only the thonghtless, brutal, or untaught, Whose minds with ignuoralice or sin are fraught, Or the rich, sellish one made great by Foitune's freak ! Cross lWords. Much pain or bewilderment oft causes me; Now quickly make room for a tropical tree; I'm pasted in tol tres, by sonie called aI Iagient ; Thequarrelsome tli s, hutt t I ! here's no brati' i. au-t; A name which the .eriptures will bring un to light; Unpleasant to meet this iup. n a d.irk ight ; You'll admit that we have no comparison here. sirs ; MJake younii lhli.'s optics 1. ok awvull) qu er, sis ; Has ott made a suitor turn criison with joy, When murmured by maiden so, yo uthfil au ly ! 1I. C. L'tiuE, Suitthwvark. DECAPITATION. 17.-'Tis morning prompts all nttntre to awake, the bird to carol fort,, his inyous song, As 'cross the sky he gaily Ilits alone, And Sol his early p ,st does not for.ake And roused from slumber by his cheerful ray, The tlwne's ope Iheir petals unto view. All dripping witht the early timornl;g dew, And first tand varied colours they dliplay. And as the Inorn advances, thou we know The atmosphere becomes beditutmcd by s:noke, And na uire's stillness is next quickly broke, As man's loud toil predominant does grow. T. S. SunL'.. OMIEGRAMI. 13.---Oh. good, kind-he trte 1, auialble Ed., We pray you lend thine c:ar to this our plea; Our ha pine.s altd applltites have lied, Our lengt!heucd faces pitiful to see. We'd soft-.sop thee, kinud Ed., in various ways, And blessings on thyI era uitu we'd vent; We'd load thee, too, with thattery and praise, Would you but let t u irst the " 'I'ourmitment." Oh, how onr trembling hearts do boulnd an.ll ext, As week by week we scan the puzzle third iBut no, ilias! we dt, ntit tirst. and, vexed, We turn away without a:uther word. With fear, we see how la t we get each day, How sunkeu too, our cheeks aqppear to be; OnG loctks, oulce goldut, n.o, LI;Las, alre gcey - Yet all this could be remttildid Ly l;th. Take heed, then, ere ye find it is too l.at!. (More butter ) We kniiw well thi lhe trt is ,,,(ntl. And then, kind El., than ius, we beg to sta'te, There'd be no hapluier youths for emilts :ri itnd. SrTottl t AND I)I, uli . METAG RAM,. 19.-In the old chtnrehyntrd, far away from the city, We have laid o r darling aw ,y from our :sight. Sile was not given, but lhut trots heave:, And she hats returned to her houme sto Bright. She i- lying at first nndernoeth the daisies, tihe has passed from our lhves 1hke a short, sweet dtreait, We shall see her never, until for over We follow our darling across the stream. It was hardc to part with our little bahe, Yet we know it is next that it shontli tet so. We will still our weepinitg : she is in His keeping In th.at lar-off laud where thire is no wse, MAirioN TAYLOR, lRock Ferry. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 20. -I am a poor old riddling bard, Lloydd-tto is my namlle, And hope I shall, by working hard, Win what you all call fame. With cons. I've tried to please the Ed., In languagn e nost relined, Butt, to my grief, he's always sai,. " With thauks they are declin,-l." So now I mean to try my best Our " Tourn nmelnt" to hIed, And hope that I shall stand the !tcs Like Binstead, yclept Fred. Lmonate-t-ro. CENTRAL DELETION. 21.- " Oh, auntie, dear," cried my tirst Kate, As to my side she camne, " I wish you'd try anid help me, pl, toe, To tind a plt etty name. " I want to christen my big doll, And though all day I've tried On what I call a pretty name, I readHy can't decide. " I've thought of Agnes, Bessie, May, Ann. Maggie, Lucy. Rose, But when I come to think it o'er, I don't like one of those." " Well, dear," I said, ' I think that Grace Is very next-don't you ?" "Yes," Kate repliedl. " I Iknew that yon Would find one that would do." ConContIA. CHARADE. 22.-It is night, and silence reigneth Over sea and earth supreme, While men who all day have laboured Rest in blissful sleep, and dream. But what is that primal flaring O'er the smooth, unruffled deep, Blinding people with its glaring, Wasting them from quiet sleep ? In a second by the seaside, Stands a weather-beaten tar, Gazing o'er the re-tlh;s ocean, Watching firelst which glints afar. "Midst the white and seething billowu Total stands, the sailors' friend, Warning them of rocks and shallows, Saving from a sudden end. R. Glutpr. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 23.-I sit and mope, and try to write Verses sweet and pleasing; But no, my muse soon takes to flight, And leaves me vainly teasing And cudgelling my brain for thoughts Of poetry. Oh, poets. With me my mnse but plays and sports! I cannot write, and so it's
In use on cry. I rear ii inse Repute ere I have found it. But, patience, I will court the muse Again and- Oh, confound it ! IMlenw! meow! No poem now; This noise is most confusing. These cats kick up a horrid row That really's not amewsing. VE:>T0. SQUARE WORDS. 2t.-In first observe a certain kind of fish That, when it's cooked, dothl make a splendil dish. This simple next of mine, by man is fo:end Far down below the surface of the grot:ud. 'My third and last a foreign prince will name; You often hear or read about th- s:mre. MI. GERA::, Fermny.
ACROSTIC. Foaiudation Word. 23.-For Atalanta's love. in days gone by, Full many a noble youth did vainly try, 'I ill, weary, she at last proposed a test Upon whose issue all their hopes imust rest. The day arrived, each suitor took his place, 'Gaiunt Atalanut, all munrmed, to race; She with a dart was arm(d, that she might slay All whom she overtook upon the way. Many brave youths she slew, till only one 11entainel o' all--Macareus' warline son. lie threw beMfore her golden apples fair, That matched the colour of her flowing hair. The fruit that tempted Eve in Eden's glade Teuptuldl the daimsel, and her speed she stayed. (utes stootping low, the golden prize she gained, But swift before her gallant prituals strained. Saen l h e goal had won, and won his bIlnde, Who, losing thus the race, haul lost her pride. To Cybele's temple youth and maiden wentt.; On theal the goddess's (dire wrath was, sent For those she turned who did her hour,, profane To lihos will, that roam the dreary p.ain. Cross Words. First was a lovely goddes", ever young; Second, a hero of whomln lomer su,1. Achilles' spear tip'in this lmount was 111ad:1 ; A mIl:ll uipotn whLose flesh a vulture plreyed. Next was a nyntph whom Pht'lbus physic taught The Caloledimau coar this hero f. ught. Next was the heathen's blest nuade of peace; The goddess of revenge ill ancieut Greece. Sweet .mnsic's iun-o -she did the flute invent; Last was to Ilades by Patroclus sent. ASPEN. CENTRAL CIhANGE. 2.--'Twas enrly morn ; the countless clocks had just cititmed haltt-p'ast two. Anl, in rep y, the countless cocks crowed, " Cock-a- doodle-tto !" The forest is all calm and still, save for the wintry breeze- Ahl, what Ihread carnage shortly will take place beneath these tret.s! At lengih, with slow and measured tread, the duellists Eina.:h aI' esics he's already dead and wipes away a tear. 'Th it sectntls mark the fatal groundl-thu foes standl face to face, When from the lips of one a sound the stillness of t.hu I)isturbs ; then, in deep tones, cries he, " At last, Chate:au lRennll - At last will I mete out to thee thy merited r'ward ! It is not man:y days ago since thou, bnse cait if, .lew lueneuatht these trees ot Fontaineblenu my lrottlr tlound and trite. You ask imy will--oh, Fate, allay this pain, my sorrow smotlher! 11. will, mon sieur! My will's to say the man who kiled My b-r-r-rther I" Ilis foinutaut stmiled a haughty smile, and proudly s:aid, " The altue As he diet. so shall you, for I'll soon slpoil your hl tlt gaun!t I" 'hIle tu Ithet grassy first they stood, the blades li;e ght.tuinug ltshed, Yet neith itr drew the other's blood. When Chatea::'s seonIIdti snaSIhedl, The oth, r pautsed. " Yet stay !" cried he, and too< hi:, in his hantd ''lhen sualppl.d the bade across his knee. " Once more we e ltal stalld I" Eaih woe:llln now was but a knife; again, with bated tbreat i. They sought to take each other's life, each wished the other's deaIth. Thet sway swy and ing in grim embrace, the daggers g:eam and twist, When Ch:ateau gasps, with pallid face, "IIo has an iron wrist!" Again they c'ose; the Frenchman slips-a g'itt'ring blade ou high Is raised, aid as the hilt he grips, De Franchi wliispero, " Ile'p I munder ! help !" my brother cries. " I'm neitrl-y chio inllg, fred !" And won .ering y I ope my eyes, and find-lI am il bIdi! aIORAt L. If to the theatre you should go, oh, pray eschew cmitui- Ier For supper, or you'll find, I know, 'twill much di: tmrh yJour sliumler, An-l .: ou'll inud it most unnerving; so take warning Ir,:ln :ioather's Niglhtumare, calmed by Mr. Irvingin his famed " Corsic:u: lirotlichrs." F. R. COULSON, D3ow. B E'TAG RAM. 27. -High up in fthe sky rode the silvery moon, High up in the sky, As we twain stood, that beautiful evening in June, lland clasptid in hanld, to be parted too soon, And u ture seemed sadly to sigh. Hie was gone ! All the pleasure was first from my heart, All the pleasure and joy. Oh, the piteous tears that would to my eyes start I A kiss on my chek, thouen did Harry depart, My own trusty, true sai or.boy. A r:econd most dear I held clasped in my hand, A second of 'ove, An1d T prayed that the Maker, beneficent, grand, Would guide Lim back safe to his dear native land, Htuceforth from that land ne'er to rove. Hlow gay are my thoughts, now my waiting is done- Hiow happy and gay I At the ivy-clad church, where the rivu'ets run, And gamlnt ' u:d play in the beams of the sun, My Harry has wed me to-dlay. HIAartrNtGTON AND 1I'DONUoot. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "oetsdatioa Word. 28.-Where full many a writer clever Adds fresh laurels to his name. And where many do endeavour To attain as great a fame. Where. in friendly emulation, Youths and maidensoft are seen. All affording recreation With their cons. so 'cute and keen,. Cuoss Wordts. A mountain in New Zealand- You'll find it soon, my friend; My second means to injure; MIy third to condescend. A pi,'ctty female name you Will now please to unfold In fifth you will, if clverr, A kind of earth behold. To pass away or perish, My sixthl doth surely mean; Mly seventh is a number Well known to you, I ween. Now, to find last tihe answer, I hope you'll kindly try; And ilere I'll ctd my riddle. 'To d. of you, good.bye. S. W. HAYEs, Worcester.