RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
1.-Where the mermaids meet in Neptune's hall And the siren weaves her tresses, In coral caves, where the nymphs enthral Ev'ry sense in love's caresses. 'Tis rough and dull, but gli tering bright When polished by the ocean's kiss, All rainbow-hued in the mellow light- A gem in the bowers of bliss I Where the wild nutmeg and the plantain grow, With the bread-fruit tree upspringing, And the sun looks down with a tropic glow On the woodland songsters singing, There the stately palm high rears his head, His feathery foliage heaving, And there-far, far from the ocean's bed- It hangs,'mid leaves interweaving. Where the war god strides in furious might, Dread Terror and Death in his train; While the guns emit a deadly light, And their thanderings shake the plain, And the warring hosts like fiends career, And the rattling guns resound- Like a bolt it speeds, and is watched with fear, As it spreads swift death around I NOE NAIME. OMEGR AM. 2.-A bird, like a first, through the air Winged its flight; Its plumage was brilliant and rare, And it flew towards its home in the west Ere the night With next draped the earth, but 'twill ne'er Reach its rest I A sportsman the bird did espy, As the sun Slowly sank, and he said, "It shall die!" But to bring it to earth will he third P Ay, a gun Sent its message of death upon high To the bird I NELLIE C., BOW. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 3.-Fair primals in the days of old-ay, even years agone, I've read your works with interest and studied every con., And every little verse I read was full replete with grace ; Your kindly heart in thoughtful lines how often I could trace I Sweet finals, you've been welcomed ere to this our " Tournament," But yet to hear you flattered I can hardly be content; Indeed, I'd welcome you myself, and tell you that I know Each pretty little con. you write doth like a streamlet flow ! Cross Words. 550 and noon A hustling English city this; 500 ,, eo A poem here discover; 51 ,, at What puss would very sadly miss; 51 ,, rat Much better times when over ; 52 ,, ab Albania holds this noted town; 10 ,, ee An English river scribble down ; 101 ,, thw Behold, with all your faces pale, A sorceress !-without a tail. HII. C. PsucE, Southwark. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 4.-When Jack and 3, 8, 9, and 10 Went down the hill and through the glen To see the pet 9, 6, 1, 5, The 5, 4, 10, 9 was alive. But, worse than all, 'twas in the field, And rushed at Jack, to make him yield. But he with 5, 2, 10, and 9 Threw at the bull, who did decline His wayward course, and turning round, Spied Jack's dear 1, 2 on a mound, And, thinking this a weaker prey, At once set off, to Jack's dismay. Jack screamed and shouted, yelled and bawled, And loudly for assistance called; But his dear 1, 2 ran away, So lived to run another day. My whole, composed of letters ten, Shows where our soldiers fell like men, Who, in the midst of danger placed. Though beaten, yet were not disgraced. BLuoan~n, Dumfries. CENTRAL ADDITION. 5.-'Twas twelve midday, when, a boy being caught By constables ten, to the court was brought. His eyes were wet with tears of regret, As the following charge he sadly mett: "Whereas he, William Sykes, did this morning, with malice Aforethought, and divers and various large Peas and a pea-shooter, near Bnckineham Palace, Assault one John Jones, causing him much alarm, And doing him grievous bodily harm, By launching the peas aforesaid at his ears, And his eyes, and his nose; and it further appears That when prosecutor remonstrated mildly, The said William Sykes, the defendant, did wildly Abuse the said Jones, treating him with derision, 'Pon which he, the said Jones, did form a decision To capture defendant, and with that intent, Chased him unto that street that is well known as Fleet; And whereas the said Jones, on Sykes' canptnre bent, Did, in running, collide with a corpulent gent, Who, in consequence, through a plate-glass window went; And, finally, whereas he (Jones) did upset Five apple stalls, spoiling the goods and the chattels, And, likewise, knocked down every person he met, Till at length, after numerous desperate battles With th' aforementioned Sykes, he courageously caught him, And then, with the aid of ten constables, brought him To this court of justice." The magistrate then, Whilst he thoughtfully nibbled the end of his pen, Said, "The first is, I fear, very plain, and, oh, dear I This boy was the next of the uproar, 'tis clear." Upon the offence then he sternly enlarged, Reprimanded defendant, and said, " You're discharged," And the boy who was brought to be punished for sinning By ten " limbs of law," left the court, broadly grinning. COULsoN AND ADcoCK. REVERSION. 6.-To meet a nation's vanity, 'Tis often brought about, Which turns the word " humanity " Completely inside out. When things are cooked, they are not this; Now that is very plain. It ends my con.-so, now, good day; I'll visit you again. F. WALLIs, Swindon. CENTRAL DELETION. 7.-My whole, with silver bells bedecked. Doth cause the infant smile; Beneath the blue Pacific wave, I shield the verdant isle. My search doth many occupy, If centre you delete; I'm borne across full many a sea In many a dusky fleet, CATHAL, Dublin. MONOPHONE. 8.--Smooth and placid was the first, as On her course our ship we steered, But a storm upon us burst as We at length the harbour neared. "Next how the clouds are lowering i" Said our captain unto me; And ere long the rain was pouring Dlown upon us heavily. S. W. HAyi.S, Worcester. CHARADE. 9.--My first is to sever; my second is never A boy, nor.a woman, nor man. Come, now, if you're clever; and guess puzzles ever, Pray tell me my sehols if you can; But if you want another clue, It's something that would cleave in two. W, A. LT6an
METAG i A M. 10.-Beneath the royal fla; he stood, on Worcester's fatal field. Where flowed the best of England's blood, determined not to yield Unto his stern, unflinching foes; of them he had no fear. To tirst for Charles, the king, he chose--a daring cavalier. Above the din of battle high his clarion voice did ring, As shouted he his battlc-cry, " For country and for king I" He have one loving thought to those at home whom he held dear, Then stood prepared to meet his foes-a dauntless cava- lier. With arm of next his gleaming blade he waved above his head, A id many an enemy he laid amongst the rank grass, dead. l;ut soon, with one short, gasping moan, fell England's noblest peer: lie yielded unto I)eath alone-a gallant cavalier. 'Tis third; the dreadful first is o'er. A youth upon the field Lies dead. He never, never more his trusty sword shall wield. Beside him kneels a maiden fair, who sheds full many a tear For him who did war's perils dare, and died a cavalier. A. J. HILTON. CENTRAL CHANGE, 1'1.-A first attacked tae down the lane, But quickly I did last him, And though he caused tme lots of pain, I man ged to get past him. From him I've ever since been free, And second now in mirthful glee. M. FABLANQUE. DECAPITATION. 12.-The citron's breath perfumes the southern gale, And watts sweet odiours through the leafy vale, And soft anti gentle fromt the feathered throng Is borne full primals an entrancing song. Here everything breathes but of happy peace, Of Nature's bounty, and sweet joy's increase. Alas, that evil passions e'er should mar This calm and quiet by grim, hateful war I But, see I what stalwart, warlike form is here? What gallant warrior is drawing near? It is Sir Osrie, hero of the fight, Full young in years, but of a fame most bright. In all the panoply of war arrayed, He comes to meet his own dear faithful maid, Sweet Lesbia, fairest in Iberia fair, Endowed with charms than second maid more rare Grim warfare long has kept him from her sile; Long have his wishes been to him denied. But now, at length, the conflict is all done, And he's returned to glad his waiting one. He hies towards a cot with rapid tread, O'er which the cypress waves in sombre red. What step is that ? Joy to his eyes doth start, And Lesbia fair is clasped unto his heart I IAuRRINaroN AND M'Dosouen. CENTRAL DELETION. 13.-A week ago last Wednesday, A game at cricket I did play, And though FI'm sure I payed quite fair, Tie boys did one anti all declare That, I dil first, anti shioul not play. Of course, at that. I walked away. Soon after that I amet Tom Gray Out walking with my friend, Dick Ray. " Hal;loa ! i'll come with you," I cried. At which they both at once replied (And didn't they look cross and vexed P), " We want to have a private next." With that they turnted their backs on me, And I was left alone, you see. CoNcoRDIA, OM"EGRAM. I.--Once more do I venture to ask your attention, Whilst I try to give yon-well, not an invention, But simplv a riddle that's been much neglected, And seems by our bards to be often rejected. I speak of the omegram, good and delighting. iBut now I had better pr eo ed with my writing. You've read of my tir.t both in phIotums and stories, For truly this queen hath achieved mighty glories. My next yon may find near the door of your dwelling; To impair or to injure, my third will be telling; 'the name of each country on fourth you'll be seeing; Andl ifth, when you've found it, will give you a being. A ifth, who was sixth once, did look very awful; I is manners and actions were really unlawful. My seventh a part of each beast will be stating. Now, if I proceed, do not give me a rating. My eighth is the name of a month very sunny (the ti whe when we all ought to try to make money). Andi now let tme say, cre I soul up my letter, The next time I write I will try to do better. T. SToaa. ACROSTIC. Foundatlion lorld. 15.-An ancient Trojan hero, who The great andl brave Achilles slew. Cross !I'orl.S Brother of Neptune uodl of Jove, Through whose dark Jan(d the spirits rove. Gotldadls of tbetauty anti of love; Sacred to thee were swan and dove. A king who gave the Trojans aid, And for them lighting, low was laid. A favoured mountain, often trod By Jove, the Grecians' greatest god. A stream that did through Hades run, Where Thetis dipped her infant son. AGeanPA AND AsPas, ENIGMA. 16.-Beauteous in colour and form, A type of the changing and frail, I fly on the verge of the storm; I am brilliant, but speedily pale. You see me, admire me, and, lo 1 While gazing, I falter and die. How often doth hope dazzle so, When the storm-clouds envelop the sky. Yet, though thus an emblem of change, I'm a sign of the loving and true, And wherever your footsteps may range, I trust I shall be so to you. A.EPlsSTO. CHARADE. 17.--A name for father first nmust be; For second just the same you'll see. Now comes the strangest part of all, A name for father wlholo you'll call. GERARDUS. SQ'UARE WORDS. 18.-My first is the past tonse of my third; My second is surely a drink; I'm sure 'tis not hard, and, on my word, You'll answer at once if you think. W. G. SniPso~. Clonmel.