RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAM.
nge the rs two letters of a word to form another word.) Chand0 more I am roaming to Fancyland's regions- nce thoughts are reverting to days long ago, then -f tu cognito were numbering legions, And filling my heart with a burden of woo. here c a strange knight to the "Tournament" pages, With armour resplendent, all gloriously now, it ringled at ease with the wits and the sages h, " Louis Quatorze," it was you-it was yoau nobody answered my desperate question, ~r eased my poor heart by divulging his name. ow eager Ijumped at the slightest suggestion I Yet nobody whispered from whence the bard came. has musing so adly, the time passed, and therefore y kindly demeanour quite cynical grew; ,friends vaily ues ed at the why and the wherefore, But, Louis Quatorze, it was you-it was you ut now the bright sun o'er my pathway is shining, Iy heart is as light as the foam on the sea ; ' ease for a time all my fretful repining, For some one has whispered a secret to me. cannot ditolose it in finals sedately- The pleasures I meet in this life are so few; ' Tornament" knight I've discovered quite lately, And "Louis Quatorze," it is you-it is you ! SMAton L. TAYLon, Birkenhead. BETAGRAM. (ClOsge the second letter of a word to form another word.) -Once more the " Pair of Ornaments" resume their wonted place - Old Time has brought us back upon his ferry; e jubilantly gaze upon each old familiar face, And you'll pardon us for feeling rather merry I! at one of us upon the shelf-we first admit the fact !- Has been nursing up his faculties euphonious, nd as we've heard it hinted that the Ornaments were cracked, We'd beg to say the statement is erroneous 1 e have knocked our heads together, and we find they Sjingle quite As clearly and as gaily as they ever did; d though 'twas thought we'd quarrelled and got broken in the fight, We assure you next emphatically we never did I at since we last addressed you, we've seen many an up and down, And e-two mild and inoffensive puzzlers- ave twice been called "Sad dogs 1" and a policeman known as Brown Each time has had the impudence to muzzle us ! bu have both been vaccinated by the Local Board of Works; For Income Tax they've summoned us incessantly; e landlord and his brokers have been down on us like gTurks, And sold us up by auction most unpleasantly. :ut, despite the frowns of Fortune, and a violent baker's man, Who, in default of payment, as his last trophy boreoff the street door knocker, we'l tbe cheerful if we can, And calmly Eit and wait the next catastrophe. B:t until that catastrophe arrives, we'd beg to say We will not weep, although we won't be riotous, ant we'll sing our " Tourney" carols, and our lyres we'l sweetly play, Though the neighbours hammer on the wall to quiet nsl Ancocx AND COULsoe. METAGRAMS.. (Chango the first later of a word to form another wordJ 3,-Tell you a story, darlings P Yes, grandpa has plenty of tales, And such long, long hours to ponder, That his old brain never fails. Shall it be of mischievous goblins Stealing through haunts of men ? Shall it be of kind, good fairies Dancing in field and glen P What I you are " tired of such stories !"- Are those the words that you say ? Well, then, I shall tell you another, Of your dear-loved auntie May. When May was a tiny lassie, And I but a half-grown boy, To roam through the woods together Was the climax of our joy. One day-how well I remember When first through their shades we went 1- I think blackberries to gather Was the work on which we were bent. We climbed o'er many a second, And laughed in innocent fun; To see through the branches gleaming The rays of the autumn sun. About us our third so faithful Full many a fourth made high, Oh, our hearts were full of gladness Under that blue, blue sky I I from the boughs of a nut tree Shook fruit., and forgot wee May, Till merrily looking downwards Saw she had wandered away; And far into ferny hollows With anxious eyes did I peer, Till I heard through the groves re-echo A ffth loud, and sharp, and clear. And seeing that Rover had vanished, Where do you think I last My dear little sister, but hidden Asleep 'mid the mosses fast. M. E. BONNtLL, -I really do possess great toleration ' I Often can endure a German band, Though I do not experience elation When one beneath my window takes its stand. And when umso peace-destroying wretch is grinding i mioserable organ, even that Smeelybearl But, oh, my rage at finding Ipyself awaked at midnight by a cat 1 Yes, that's my bane-the midnight serenading Of cats innumerable on the tiles; And often, in the hopes of so evading ,Te ests, ignoring my landlady's wiles. ghven notice, and sought out fresh lodging; Th ugh tis with finst and sorrow I must own, Despite my ev'ry next attempt at dodging, The cats seem but more numerous to have grown. I urah I at last the plague I have evaded; I e found apartments in a dingy street, ich, though bt dismal is not nightly raided As to te Pests-repose is now a treat. 8 the scarcity of cats, the reason Th t ink ou'll guess at once when you are told ATnbot fudoer s a slop where when n season -nd ant, fine rabbits constantly are sold I A. AMaBERLEY, Manchester. .Wh d CONUNDRUM. ' any does our Editor resemble hEln Greeks that long ago did live, Who can thils an answer give? .W, WeaHr,.
ENIGMAS , 6.-This page examine with minutest care, And here, in most astonishing variety, I'll meet, 0 seeker, your bewildered stare, Secure 'monget others of my own society. You'll see me insignificantly small, Here representing something like infinity; Gigantic, meaning naught, your eyes may fall Upon me in th' immediate vicinity. The sighing lover, as on banded knee From Flora's lips begs favours osculatory, Knows well the power that hidden lies in me, And uses me in tones most supplicatory. I satisfy that lover's one desire, And bind him fast in fetters matrimonial, Or quench for ever Love's consuming fire, And send him far away to climes colonial. PIiuLo, Dundee. 7.-I am composed of letters five, So now to guess me pray contrive; It may seem strange to hear me say To make me ten take two away. ANNus SIurTH GRESLnT. PRECE.KMEGIRAM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 8.-Yes, Jack, as Bet and I in joy Stroll through the shady groves, my boy, I'll think of you with pain ; But yet Ifirst with you 'twill be, E'en as it is just now with me, And love you'll find again. I know that every time I meet My Bet. 'tie likely that our feet In anger nest may go; Yet till that tine arrives, I'll still Be true, and all my vows fulfil, While she to me is so. And when in hitter grief we part, When, pillowed in my breast, the dart Of pain will fiercely twirl, I'll turn my aching head away, And-in about another day, I'll find a better girl. F. G. WsBB, Southwark. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is chanced to form another word.) 9.-How happy is the " Tourney" knight Who gets his con. accepted I With what a thrill of first delight He reads, "The riddle is all right; For future use we've kept it !" 'Tis then he seems to tread on air, Nor calms down till you've hinted The Editor may last it there For weeks ere comes its turn to share The chance of being printed. Ah I then he melancholy grows, Nor cuts another caper Till comes next Friday, when he goes, With beating heart and tripping toes, To buy the Young Folks Paper. J. H. Asmxw. 10.-This is an accumulation; Change tail without he'itation, And a riddler's name be gaining- One who fame is fast attaining. IMPrIuATUR. CHARADES. (Formed ass word each syllable of whclh is a wordJ 11.-Enveloped in a solemn gloom My first is sometimes seen, And sometimes, dressed in bright array, Reflects upon the green. My second forms a sweet retreat Where you and I may stray, And as we walk, with converse sweet Enjoy the pleasant day. My whole's a vegetable fair, With flowers of purple dye, And fruit that bang in clusters thick, Delightful to the eye. E. JOHNSOn. 12.-Am I able to tell you the word which I mean ? 'Tis done-nothing more need be said; Believe me the w rd is as easily seen And as quickly as this may be read. But lest you should wander for want of a clue, My first is a part of to be; My second, though never belonging to you, Is appropriate always to me; My third is an emblem of power and might, And wisdom and strength it implies; Should you be my third, with much eager delight You would haste to remove my disguise. C. HUNTERr 13.-My lamp is burning dismally- Its first is getting next; But it is not my intention To make a lamp my text. I was simply going to mention A county total" lark;'" But I'll tell quite another thing : I'm sitting in the dark. DREfAOON. 14,-A preposition for my first put down- 'Tis but a simple wrd of letters three; Second has oft been played or sung to thee; My whole a goddess is of great renown. Join the preceding words to find her name; S's been yclept a very "fickle dame." PATRIcs S., Belfast. 15.-How pleasant, after such a third, On this calm first next spring, To ramble out and hear my hoellI How sweetly he doth sing I E. TnasFonD. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 16.-All Britons should remember With pride this hero's name, Who for his country's glory Died on the deck of fame. Cross Words. A female name in first you'll see; A point of the compass next will be; The third will name a kind of fruit; For fourth please put part of your boot; My si]th is opposite to shut; A number for the last now put. I hope to solve this you will try; Now, riddlers, I will say good-bye. W. F, NoLAN, Clonmel. Foundation Word. 17.-Read the initials of each name, and quickly you will see A foreign village, where my eighth led troops to victory. Cross Words. A ghneral who with Wellington a noted victory gained. A soldier and a statesman while the earlier Stuarts reigned. A battle fought on English soil, in times of civil war. What noted admiral lost his life at fatal Trafalgar ? An Englishman whose- fearless deeds by cruelty were marred. What foreign soldier helped to win the fight at Oude. narde ? A village where the Russians fled, and General Cathoart fell, Sgeneral whose success in war our history will tell. C. SfirtH,
CENTRAL DELETIONS. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 18.-I heard a song sung yesternight, And, hearing, my eyes filled with tears- The strain revived long vanished years When I was young, and life more bright, Ere Hope's door closed with heavy clang: 'Twas the sweet song my mother sang. The singer was a vagrant maid- A creature in whose thin, wan face Sorrow and hunger one first trace; Whose path had been 'mid storm and shade, Who'd haply be-life's journey douo- A flow'r which died for want of sun. Perchance her mother once sang to The child the notes her treble gave; For as she trilled the lay, how grave- How very grave her pale face grew I And as she ceased, she turned aside Her eyes, her falling tears to hide i I forward bent the child to see, For, lo I the spirit of unrest Had stolen in my callous breast And tonched the chords of sympathy; For Pity's voice and Pity's tears Had silent lain through long, long years. Across my brain the music rang, E'en when the voice had silent grown; My fInal nature, too, had flown, For 'twas the song my mother sang. It oped the flood.gates of my heart, And bade the darkened thoughts depart. I felt my soul again believed In all things pure, and good, and true; And what I gave the maid I knew Was naught to what I had received. Through Mercy's pow'r, with open eyes I see the gates of Paradise I JERVIx AND MAaIoN. 19.-There, face to face, they calmly stood- Two youths of British blood- To settle then and there a feud, And " nip it in the bud." Oh I pieture them unto yourselves If you will be so good- These youthful pugilistic elves In fighting attitude. How was it that this lovely day They chose to wildly fight ? I knew not; I can only say That is a poser quite. I only know (and to this I Can very safely swear) Each waved his little next on high, Then sternly said, " Prepare 1" Now, you will scarcely credit that Which I shall now relate; One dropped his next, put on his hat ; For why ? next verse will state. The other had disclosed an arm That might have proved unkind ; At which the first one took alarm, And said, " I've changed my mind!" AnOaER B., Kentish Town. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-Winter its stony mien would fain endure, And shriek more shrilly with its boist'rous winds; But gentle spring falls like a dewdrop pure, And in its yielding heart a shelter finds; And then relenting, with a softened heart, Its glistening mantle draws from off the earth, Disclosing shrubs which it did warmth impart, Till Spring's awakening life should give them birth. Then beam the hedges green with flower.buds wild, Which yearn to yield their petals to the sky; And borne upon the fragrant breezes mild, The lark's song gaily trills afar from high ; And insect life bestirs itself from sleep, Intent on lab'ring hard with zealous power- Determined a harvest plentiful to reap Ere vanishes from sight the golden hour. Chasing the spring, gay summer comes to reign, Bathing all nature in a golden glow, Tipping with mellow tints the ripened grain, The which with gleaming scythes the reapers mow, Till calmly sinks to first the sun's red glare, Flooding hill, vale, and dell in crimson sheen ; While zephyrs calm and sweet tervade the air, Cooling the earth where last the heat had been. Comes thence the autumn with a dying grace, Smiling, yet sorrowful, to be the last To show a tender heart and 1 astrous face Ere shrieks across the earth keen winter's blast. The trees gaze sadly down with tear.dimmed eyes Upon the sere and withered leaves around, Till autumn's ling'ring smiles and fond good-byes Pass through their waving limbs with rustling sound. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. 21.-My first, well,'tis a favourite drinlr, Which transpose, and then I think You'll see what none could do without; And now the answer please find out. S. DIxoN, Peckham, ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostlo. The lettersf f ros wortds that are Roman nu morals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 22.-Now a town near a city, Ye solvers so witty, Within this short ditty I've hidden, so mind. Then, merry ones rising, At once cease surmising, And with skill surprising In Wales tolal find. Cross Words. 155 and ere This aptly describes, you'll allow, The cons. which oar fair riddlers write. 101 ,, tat While next is, perhaps, o'er you now, The haunt of lank poets at night. 501 ,, rn Found on orange, or apple, or pear. 151 ,, ney The way for young folks to behave. 2,001 ,, taroreh A riddle's name fifth will declare. 51 ,, seppr How softly the pebbles they lave I 156 ,, ehe The next means a 'bus or a car. 701 ,, tone And this where the sun dies away At eve o'er the blue seas so far. 501 ,, serene In whose caverns last, sa-nymphs, play. AGONISTES. Fouldation Word. 23.-An instrument of music- You might have seen the same; But look below, and then you can At once find out its name. Croess Words. 1,050 and pa This shows us light. 50 ,, eny It comes each year. 1 ,, ngr On the linger worn. 50 ,, ke A species of deer. M. P. KELtI, Ballyhaunis.B PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 24.-Please take a word of letters six, Reversed it is the same; And now before your eyes it stands A female's Christian name. W. J. Dowmns, Limavady.
CURTAILMIENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 25.-Your bonnie eyes are filled with tears, Your winsome face is clouded o'er; Come, chase away your idle fears, And cry, sweet one, next more. I was a brute to give you pain, Though what, I said was but in jest; Come, let me see you smile again, And let your troubles rest. Ah, first I see your winsome smile, Though teardrops still are in your eyes; Come, let us sit and talk awhile Of sunny lands and skies. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word. 26.-Y, uder poor old man is blind; But with his faithful dog, He manages his way to find In sunshine or in fog. At early morn he leaves his cot, With guiding.string in hand, And reaches, too, a well-known spot, Where he can safely stand. Then from beneath his feeble arm A violin he brings- An instrument first only charm Lies in the glistening strings. And as the bells their morning peal Give from the church's dome, Prepared is he to earn a meal By playing " Home, Sweet Home." But d wn his furrowed cheeks the tears Begin to triekle fast; Again he fancies that he hears, As in the days long past, A voice that did to her belong, Last in the grave does lie, Singing that sweet though simple song, His wish to gratify. F. PSmLLre, Mottingham. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 27.-Cold the waxen tapers shine, Down the aisle the shadows creep, Fleeing from the sculptured shrine Where the colder moonbeams sleep. Fainter gleams the taper's flame, Twilight yields her fleeting sway, Breathing yet the sighs that came With the dying breath of day. First Word. Spirit of the starry flowers, Bond to earth thy wingbd feet; Leave awhile thy sunny bowers, And again in joy we greet- Greet the dawn of brighter days, Born anew, from shadow free; List unto the heart that prays For the hour that bringeth thee. Second Word. Hearts that glow with hidden fire, Waiting for the kindling ray, Swelling thoughts that raise desire For the dreams of yesterday; Bitter feelings though ye bring, Pity lurks in sorrow's shade; Troubles fall, and yet I cling Fervent to the primal plaid. E. A. CA. Cora. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same In soue]d.) 29.-Whene'er I gaze far oceanward Ifirst the next and skies. I cannot but admire the scene That comes before my eyes. DEariCHeES. 29.-First is an English family name, Many of you know it; Final is a son of fame- An ancient Latin poet. J. BoUCKLEY. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 30.-If from a well-known river the head you take away, The word that's still remaining will unto you display A thing that in a garden is often seen to grow- An evil which, let ripen, its seeds will widely sow. T. Nixox, Dudley Colliery. 81.-An animal tohole will display, Though you perhaps may know; Behead, and if you know, you'll say Part of a boat I plainly show. C. P. BASELEY, London. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the contral letter of a word to form another Word.) 82.-A very naughty boy was first, Who mother's last kept stealing, Till once she caught him, and, of course, She quickly set him squealing. Right well she boxed his ears and said, " Now, supperless you go to bed." J. S. GoeFICcr. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 83.-A useful vegetable take; If you will a reversion make, Part of a ship will come to view, Which serves to make her balance true. IvAeaon *