RIDDLE TOUINAMENT. ATA TIVE DUAGRAM.
a se the rat tp rlestter of a word to form another ward, ox. .gs t pressed In the narratlve) 1,.-No man is more effective In the use of cool invective Than Thomas William Macnamara Smudge; For he, quite conasequentially, Will argue inferentially With all the staid demeanour of a judge. On " differentiation" And the wonderful relation Apparent in the structures of all forms A He'll speak authoritatively; And often demonstratively Will prance and strut as to his text he warms. For "natural selection" He has got a warm affection, And organs rudiment'ry he adores; He speaks on embryology, Comparative morphology, And lots of other subjects used by bores. He searches miles of strata For remains of vertebrata, In hopes some day a mammoth to unearth, And labours perseveringly, Although his friends say, sneeringly, u 'Iong mammoths there is now an awful dearth." Development organic, Which still raises such a panic In feebler minds, is to him clear as day; And reas'ning analytical Awaits each doubter critical Who evolution's truth dares to gainsay. oInLO, Dundee. DUAGRAM. ange the first two letters of a word to.form another word.) es ore thy throne, O " Tourney's " fair young queen, Behold two courtiers bend the rev'rent knee; No suppliants they, though lowly be their mien, But humble thanks they seek to tender thee: The one for those few graceful words of praise That to his soul fresh vigour seemed to leud; The other, for the first that thou didst raise Within his breast, by hon'ring thus his friend. The Duagram, which thou assistest well, Has gained a great and creditable name ; The reason wherefore 'twere not hard to tell, For bath not our sweet queen won it much fame P Thy old, devoted friend will therefore last The kind encouragement which thou didst give Th Duagram, both now and in the past, I nto the longest day that he shall live I S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. FERRY. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 3.-I walked along the street, one day ('Twas 'n the merry month of May, And farmers they were making hay So very smart), I met a lady fair and gay, And lost my heart. Her eyes were such a lovely blue, Her hair was of a golden hue, Hlerfirst was small, and pretty too. " 0 charming maiden"- So ran my thoughts-" with love for you My heart is laden." Love.glances from my eyes I sent, And " killing looks " upon her bent; But 'twas a last of my tal-ent, And loss of time; She looked at me, nor would relent. Oh, what a crime ! S. W. HAYES AND J. M'COLL. DELETION. )ropaletter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 4.--This English poet's name High on the scroll of fame Has written been; A letter now delete, Yet perfect and complete A poet's name is seen. PATraKo S., Belfast. TRIPTICH. ro words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first, and the first syllable of the seeond.) Triptieie. 5.-When softly steals the dewy eve, And shadows throng the silent quays, The snowy clouds of jasmine leave A fragrant tribute to the breeze; Stray moonbeams gild each minaret, And linger o'er the glowing fane; In dreamy joy who would forget What Fancy fills with life again ? First Word. When earth was plunged in deepest gloom, And meray fled to brighter spheres, From out his sullen, sea-girt tomb A prophet woke the slumb'ring years. On wings of light this message borne Pierchd the mists that robed the earth, While angels sang, "Hailjs happy morn, That witnessed faith's sublime birth." Second Word. O'er rustling leaves the zephyrs steal To cool the fevered brow of Night; The solemn stillness thoughts reveal That silent wing towards the light. O sunny Spain, sweet are thy groves When song-birds keep high revelry I 'Tis then the dreamy spirit loves To roam in silent reverie. ARITHMOREMS. E. A. Cons. ristlc. The letters of oros wvords that are Roman numerals expressed In flure'e.l Foundation Word. 6.-When looking at this "Tourney" page, You can't help seeing me; In fact, you'll find me on each leaf Of dear old Y. F. P. Cross Words. lied Yespa A town in Scotland call to mind. A name, p'r'aps owned by some eos you. Be not this; 'twill not pay, you'll note find. ,,notes A fetion-writer here you view. -- our tenant Should this to fina find its way, - I shall be overjoyed. Good day. Foundation WYord. . Fooyr. 7.·-A lady's name. VO riddling fame. SCross Words. ,000 and esuo Lady's horror. 1 gea This means old, 10 , are Horses do tbhis. 1,051 0 e This is cold. - ' nay This the same, Ia.D- " DoUeLAs. -
PRECE-OMEGRAMS, (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 8.-The fire burns low within the grate, The hour is growing very late- 'Tis time to go to bed. I sit upon a rocking chair, And idly loose my dark brown hair In tangle, round my head. I kick my boots from off my feeot, And let my " tootsies " feel the heat Of the low-burning fire ; And then I o'er my shoulders throw A first, white as the spotless snow, And warm as I desire. And so, I dreamy sit and think Or muse, and drowsily I blink And gaze into dark space; And as I gaze there comes to me, Just as it ever used to be, My sweetheart's bonnie face. And then I go to bed and dream That be and I are by the stream Where we together met. I wake next morn to find that I Still love him, though he's learned quickly His lassie to forgot. For in my true heart, hidden deep, His image next I ever keep, And love but him. Yes, e'en when age lines my smooth brow, And blue eyes, that are sparkling now, Are faded, dim. EDITH K. RENDLE. 9,-How often when our hearts are sad, and tear.drops dim our eyes, When naught but blinding clouds of fear and doubt before us rise, When earth seems, oh I so desolate, and pleasure's lost in pain, Will some sweet word or smile of comfort cheer our souls again ! 'Tis like a dream of angel brightness on a golden shore, This sudden first from cloud to sunshine, grief to joy once more; How purely are our minds refreshed to know that some one cares For our distresses-somnt one in our weight of trouble shares. 0 ye who sometimes mnay relieve a fellow-creature's pain, Lose not the next, but give your help ore help may prove in vain; For surely ye will find reward for all ye do or say In knowing that your smiles have chased a brother's tears away. F. G. WEn, Southwark. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or worle.) Folundation Words. 10.-There is a merry minstrel, a merry minstrel she, Who strikes her lyre tuneful with happy hand and free, And gladly sheds her music, that cheers the " Tourney's " page, To charm the heart of joyance, and sadness to assuage ; And with her mystic cadence, oft fancy steals on me To lead my soul from silence to woodland minstrelsy; And could I her a tribute pay, in song, as worth hername. I'd win my brow the envied bays, and taste the sweets of fame. Cross Words. His ear was partial to sweet sounds, He showed his gifted part By fixing notes their power to tell At the command of art. Within the next in days of old Ambition's heroes tried Their skill. Within the "T's" to day We fight for honour's pride. My third's not seen in busy towns, Nor grand palatial homes, But in the country's open scenes Where artless nature roams. The children of my next were held In sordid bondage long; But came a day to their release That justly punished wrong. A coloured man: through Shakespeare's pen His passions still we see; His love was deep, its joy destroyed By fostered jealousy. If we would counsel well our hearts, And evil from them cast, Each then would be a happy man, And each true to his last. T. NIxow, Dudley Colliery. Foundation Words. 11.-A noble Scottish patriot, As brave as e'er drew breath, Who met by cruel captors' hands An undeserved death. Cross Words. Close by the drooping primal tree Is the place where Oscar waits for me. My next a battlefield, well known, On map of Africa is shown. "Don't third about," the teacher said, " But sit upright and learn, instead." My fourth a seaport of renown, Which oxide was but a little town. "A splendid fifth," the father cried, " To put all your bad friends aside." The doctor says his case is bad; A sixth attack his son has had. " That knife is last-I know it well. See, here's the mark by which I tell." G. D. Foundation Words. 12,-In first is very plainly shown A river which to you is known; In next another river's seen Which you will also fihd, 1 ween. Cross Words. A town in Africa is first- Please try to guess its name; If you will just look o'er the map, You'll quickly see the same. My next, you'll find, means to detest; To solve it you will try your best. A Russian town I've placed for third, You've heard of it, no doubt; And if you very clever be, You'll quickly find it out. In fourth, if you now really try, A pronoun you will doubtless spy. Please, fifth, have mercy on this con., Don't put it out of sight, But place it in the "Tournament;" It's'taken long to write. My last is often seen by you; And now, my "R. T." friends, adieu. J. STOCKs, Lambeth. ENIGMA. 13.-I'm used to name a bird of prey, Which is not met with every day; I also name a pRaper toy That's used by nearly every boy. IVAeon, Belfast,
CENTRAL CHAIINGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 14.-Not all who strive may first an honoured place Within the columns of the " Tournament;" So many are the riddles which are sent By knights who wield the pen with charming grace, By ladies, too, within whose verse we trace Power and music beautifully blent, That riddlers oft are fain to be content With some slight word of Editorial praise. Yet shall our cry ring out, " Excelsior !" And patiently we'll strive towards the goal Of excellence, till from the Editor We have the words, " Well done, O patient soul ! At last thy hand hath wrought a riddle true, And next a place 'mid the successful few." J. H. ASKLW. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 15.-I know of folks who grumble by the dozen About their brothers who create a din; I've read of one who had a certain cousin That p!ayed a penny whistle made of tin ; But of all the plagues I'm sure there is none other Than with that which I'm anflicted-it's a sin. Oh, my feelings I can't smother, For there's Harry, my young brother, He is learning how to play the violin. Oh, readers dear, the way I have to suffer! I am sure there is none here that knows how I've yelled, and cried, " You noisy little duffer, Oh, when will you stop making such a row ?" Repose the last six weeks I have been seeking Till with aneer I've been caused to cry out " Dash it !' But there's no use in my speaking, For that fiddle still keeps squeaking; Oh, I feel so mad I'd really like to smash it. E'eu the music of the cats is more delightful (And I'm sure you know the row they often make) Than the scraping of that fiddle, which is frightful, And I always suffer from a bad headache. My health is quite impaired-'tis only middling, And my feelings at this moment are not mild, For now I've started riddling, He's just begun his fiddling Now wouldn't that make any one feel wild P He plays from early morn till late at night, So no wonder that my rhyme and verse arce bad; For during such great tumult who can write ? Oh! my life to me is now becoming sad. I used to be so gay, I used to sing; But now you'll even seldom see me smile ! But, hip, hurrah ! a happy thing- I hear he's broke his second string: At last I'll have some quiet for awhile ! J. FRANuLIN. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to formn another word.) 16.-First friends, have you next of Tim Drydim ? Telling tough stories ne'er tired him; Tales of variety Tuld in society Found him great friends who admired him, The ladies all voted him clever, To his tales they oft said, " Well, I never i" Heads shook sagaciously, He told veraciously Narratives tougher than ever. His rivals he soon was defying, Who to outdo him long had been trying; He came off victorious, Invention so glorious ('Twere vulgar to say it was lying), But Tim D. was too fickle-hearted- To tell a true tale he once started; But it was such a rarity, Helpless to bear it, he Gave up the ghost and departed. G. A. Jonas, Liverpool. 17.-My whole is a river in England Of which we've of late heard a lot That don't quite redound to its credit; Transpose, and a beverage you've got. Ei-GzAY-CEE. 18.-My first will name a well-known fish; But if you will transpose, A kind of pillow it will show- Its name kindly dis .lose. W. PICsERINu , Priestfeld. . METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-Bravely he fought and well Against fair Britain's foes, And many a Roman fell . Beneath his mighty blows. A chieftain of the Silures bold, He fought against t]he Roman might; And first he lies there, still and cold, No more to conquer in the fight. Slowly his followers bear His body from the field; Stern men are weeping there, Whose hearts 'gainst grief were steeled. They grieve to see their chieftain dead, He was so noble, brave, and free, And in the fight 'twas he who led The charge that gained the victory. Beneath an oak tree's shade They dig a humble grave, And spear and next are laid Beside the fallen brave. His warrior,s, each with aching heart, Above his grave erect a stone And sadly on their way depart, And leave the hero there-alone. THE UNKNOWN, 20.-The road it was lang, an' the fl'at lookit drear, The win' thro' the forest was moanin' ; I langed that the en' o' my journey was near, I wished for a next o' the boanin' That lay at the en' o' the bonnie wee lane That led to the hoose I was born in. An' oh I hoo I thocht, ay, again an' again, " It's a laung lane that hasna a turnin'." The joy o' the heart is gey hard to conceal, When hope gies a thud i' the bosom; Then a' oor bit ettlins are sure to gang weel, An' bloom like a bright simmer blossom. I loup't high for joy when I saw the bit light In the winnock loast cheery was bhrnin'. But fegs I weel I ken, on a cauld, weary night, " It's a lang rlane that hasna a turnin'." D. SCOTT. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 21.-M-y firat is worn by king and peasant- Wrthout it life would not be pleasant; Change its tail, and then you'll see An article valued by you and me. MOTOR. CONUNDRUM. 22.-What is that which has size without weight, And form minus substance, dear riddling mate ? You'll see that it's a regular dancer- That is, if you should: find the answer. ..'V. TETLEVR, Warhington,
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the flnal letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 23,-'Twao a sweet little poem, the first I had penned, And I loved it as though 'twas a child; Yes, I loved every line from the first to the end, And with great satisfaction I smiled. 'Twas a sweet litlo ode, and I sent it away To an Eiitor gentle and kind; And I eagerly looked for the publishing day- I was sure it would not be declined. And I reckoned on seeing some merited praise For my sweet little poem on Spring, And a well-put request for some more of my lays,, And I thought of how sweetly I'd sing. Bat, alas! 'twas declined, and I bitterly wept, And I swore I would ne'er write again; But you know that our promises never are kept, As you'll see by the present refrain. Many years came and passed, till one bright happy day I determined some puzzles I'd write, Which I did, and from then, I am happy to say, Most successful I've been in the fight. If you want to be happy, why, just come to me, And I'll show you my cons. by the score, Neatly stuck in a book, very pleasing to see- T:.ey number five hundred or more. When that small ode to Spring was declined, was I " done ?" Why, no, sir, it gave me new heart; So to riddling I turned, which is excellent fun, As you'll find, if you but make a start. To that small ode to Spring my successes I owe, For that was the ladder's first rung; And now my productions with pride I can show As the works of John Thomas O'Bung. W. D. PICKERING AND R. L. JEFFERSON. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word.leaving another word.) 24.-Curtail an animal; you'll find A Scottish river left behind. Curtail a common drink, and you An insect in its place will view. Curtail a precious thing, I trow, A kind of fruit it then will show. Curtail again, and you will trace A vegetable in its place. W. F. NOLAN, Clonmel. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 25,-My first's a word which means to spoil, My next a number shown; My whole's a little animal That every furrier knows. DEIANCHES. 26.-There are but few of us but first A good old second to attain ; But then, if first be joined with next, The thought would bring us keenest pain; And now, with first and next combined, A town in Berkshire you will find. SAILoR KNIGHTe Kennington. 27.-My first grow in pods; a small insect my second; Unlettered, uncouth, is my whole mostly reckoned; Yet disparage him not, for within there may be A spirit of genuine nobility. C. SurlTr. 28.-Devoid of my first, how imperfect the head I In my second what myriads are nurtured and fed I But lest you my wkote should too easily smoke, I will only just say it is really no joke. C. HUNTER. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 29.-A grain of corn in primal lies; Behead its name with speed, An attribute of Sol appears Which ripens every seed. Behead again-the truth I'll own, We all do this, young folks; If we did not, a fact it is We never could make jokes. Beheaded now, you all will say That when our tasks are done, How. pleasant 'tis last rest to be, In quiet to guess a pun. AGONISTES. 30,-An article of furniture That most of us possess; My nest's part of the human frame: The answer try to guess. 0, ROBERTS. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, deoapltation, dole- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 31.-My total is a female's name; Behead, transpose, this ali men do; The letters re-arrange once more, A beverage appears In view. M. F. G ERAN, Fermoy.