RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. 1?1 AmAIVE META-OMEGRATT.
rate t rsand st ad st letters o. a word to form another word, h h expressed in the nar ative.) ,-Sad and unhappy is my lot, For, oh, I want what I have not; And why should others gain with glee The thing that is denied to me ? For in the " Tourney" race for fame I want a foremost place to claim. Others are happy, oh, so happy I phie I'm toiling, paper.spoiling, fingers soiing, all the They find favour easily, While I pine in misery. Some day I may gain my desire, And thoen I'll set the Thames on fire ! Gladly I'll lead the " Tournament," And then I shall Pe quite content; But, oh, I fear that longed-for day Is in the future far away. Then I'll be happy, oh, so happy ! cbbling ever riddles clever, resting never all the day, When I gain an honoured name, In the " Tourney" race for fame. QUEENIE, Chester. META-OMEGRAMS. nge the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) £.-You ask me why I'm looking pa's And dark around the eyes ? Well, I will tell you all the tale, And fill you with surprise. Thu reason's this: A while ago I wrote an ode to Spring; .1 mustn't praise myself, but know It was a lovely thing. And what a fearful time I spent In polishing each line, Until I was at least content That it was really fine ! I thought it grand beyond a doubt, And ,so was very proud; Indeed, I primal went about And murmured it aloud. I sent it to a magazine, And hadn't long to wait Before the pleasant word was seen, " Accepted;" and elate Was I at the announcement, so I showed it with delight To every one I knew, as though It was a lovely sight. I waited long and anxiously, It must have been a year, And then began to wonder why MIy ode did not appear. I thought I'd write and ask the cause It was so long delayed, And very shortly neat this was The answer that was made: " We on a second reading find The poem you did send Unsuitable; it is declined- But try again, my friend." So here I will conclude, for I 1ave told the wretched tale, And you will cease to wonder why i'm looking sad and pale. J. A. MARSAULL, Southwark. 3.-Gloomy night-clouds pall the sky, Stealthily the shadows meet, Silence reigns throughout the street Till the post comes by. Hlearts and hopes are beating high, PrLaul faces throng the pane, Peenrim through the mist and rain Till the pust comes by. Socn a firm-pacced step draws nigh, And the hopes and fears intense Flutter into confidence As the post comes by. Down the steps a maid doth fly To the little lattice gate, Hidden in the mist to wait Till the post comes by. Ah, but soon she heaves a sigh, And with disappointed eyes Past the gate in pained surprise Sees the post go by. And she stills a rising cry As she hastens to the room Where the, faces filled with gloom Watched the post go by. Oh, how often you and I, Turning o'er life's second, see Hopes that near us seem toabe, Like the post, go by I AMY AND EDIE. 4.-" What secret trouble stirs thy.breast, Old woman, oh, old woman ? Why seek ye not your needful 'rest ? Why lie ye there, so grief opprdssed ? Come, come, just throw it off your chest, Or else the p'lice I'll summ'on I " You sit, wild eyed, before my door, You murmur and you mutter, You toss your arms, you grunt, you snore, Your long grey locks trail o'er the floor, You kick-and, oh I I thought you swore, But lost it in that sputter I " But, come, old dame, 'tis time to go; I won't stand here appealing; So please explain before I go The first upheavings of your woe. Yes, yes, you're very full, I know, Of gin and pent-up feeling I" " Sonny, a maiden old am I Of barely one-and.fifty; To.day, within my house close by, There was no happier soul than I; I washed and hung the clothes to dry, And made myself quite thrifty. " But as I worked, by fancy led, For the gin-shop I panted ; Out of the court-last dark and dread Over the dusty flags I fled, lnto the public-house I sped, Like one pursuned and haunted I "And there, with every good intent, Ssang and drank quite frisky, Until ily money all was spent- In one long dream of bliss it went-- And 1, so old, so weak, was sent Out here to dream of whisky I "So here, bowed down with want and care,. ft in all my wealth, sir. y he white with grief has grown my hair, Be hat has gone, my head is bare; ill go and drink your nealh, sir. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ENIGMA. 5-l0ot as fire, old ai sOtue think it.awful, others nice; .. ia used by m~ay, great and §mall, But, strange to say, 'tis a curse to all QUILLE PENceS.
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-Through the woodland pass, Where the tall, slim grass With the western wind was waving; Where the silver stream 'Neath the moon's pale beam Both its cress-fringed sides was laving; From the old grey tower, At the midnight hour, Crept a maiden fair, to linger At the wishing-well; For the says could tell What the Fates in first would bring her I Up the path close by, Where the hedges high Hid the maiden from his vision, N'ext a youth that night, In the moon's pale light, To the well for Fate's decision. Ah, their young hearts beat In surmises sweet As they dimly saw each other! And with bashful fear The fair maid drew near, Looked up and beheld-her brother ! MARION ANn ERiE. 7. -When the heart is almost breaking With its load of grief and woe, This will gently soothe its aching, And a path of hope 'twill show. In the cottage of the lowly, In the seconed of the great, It fulfils its mission holy, Teaching us in hope to wait Till the clouds shall all be parted, And the sun again shall smile On the sad and broken-hearted Who have "loved and lost awhile !" C. F. BARKER, Wood Green. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The floal letters. as well as the initials, form a word, or wor ,s.) Foundation Words. 8.-In primtls you are bound to view The greatest living wonder, Which I declare to sea and air Is mightier than thunder. We each and all, both great and small, Have seen its many phases, And felt the flow of joy or woe With which it oft amazes. Some people don't (or rather won't) Submit to finals' power, And so they miss of doubtful bliss A very frequent shower. For finals may much pain allay, And primals make far sweeter; - If they are used, and not abused, Our joy will seem completer. Cross Words. Now, you may note upon your coat A thing of wondrous beauty, And then believe you first perceive, And you'll have done your duty. A little next has often vexed And caused us mighty trouble; Though I suppose it only rose And ended like a bubble. 'Tis hard at times to third the crimes With which we are surrounded, Or 'tention pay to those who say They always have abounded. Some are inclined to last their mind, And 'tie a great endeavour, As all admit, who study it- I wonder did you ever P Pucr, Ballymena. (The prlmals read downwards give the name of a poet; the fldals read upwards one of his works.) Foundation Words. 9.-He sang of heroes when the world was young; Blindness, 'tis said, its pall o'er him had flung. Cross Words. Who was this king who slew in so much haste, Making a nation's matrons bitter sorrow taste ? And this, we say, who intercession need For us; it is the universal creed. Here engineering skill has won renown; . Will disaffection cross to touch the crown? In stew or pie I form a savoury dish; Some like me not, some call me best of fish, If you Napoleon's battles bring to mind, This name among them you will surely find. MADEIRA. CENTRAL CHANGES. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-By artful schoolboys, on the half-.closed door, A weighty book with gentle poise is placed ; A time-worn volume, riph in classic lore- Alas, that knowledge should be so disgraced ! This store of learning, to the vulgar taste For heartless jokes, must its assistance lend, And should sdme boy step in with careless haste, Upon his head with sudden shock descend, Whilebursts of cruel mirth his startled cries attend. Long time the plotters wait. Each outward sense Grows more acute, and fast their pulses beat With the suppressed excitement of euspenso; None speak; none more; the silence is complete. At last they hear the sound of coming feet, And to the door advance in. mirthful state ; But there the master's well-known form they meet. "Stop sir !" they cry. The warning comes too late, And with a first the book falls on his hapless pete. He starts a little, then composedly Lifts the great book and holds it up to view. Meanwhile, the frightened boys in chorus cry, "Your pardon sir. It was not meant for you." Sternly he answers: " That may well be true, But for rebuke such foolish actions call, Though in my case no evil did ensue ; Impunity would scarce extend to all Upon whose thoughtless heads the volume chanced to fall. " Such weight of learning might have harmed me sore, But the great knowledge in my cranium packed With counteracting strength the buffet bore, And as you see, my skull is now intact. B ut fraught with danger was your thoughtless act; This solid mass mightonelt a vacant bead. Your own, I fear, would by the force be cracked I" In tone sarcastic these Inst, words are said, While o'er Rhe speaker's face a smile begins to spread. I. GLAtsow, Hull. 11.-Ob, riddlers, pray list to my wailing, I'm going to drop into love; They tell me it cheers and it raises A fellow to heights first above. I never.have done it before, . But I hear it is now "quite the thing l" So I mean to finud out for myself, 'by faillin'g ini leve in:the spring. To tell you ntlie truthI fel":' fubky "- Ikhowr w$iht deceivers they are; But I bannot delay anny longer, So sies my sad' fat.o Ipdpare. A. B. SaTrcr AnD I. CGanacwos.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-'Tis twilight's mystic hour, and deep'ning gloom Pervades tie corners of the old schoolroom; The flickering firelight quickly flares and falls, And shadows play athwart the time-worn walls; E'en the gay spirits of the youthful crew, Who lately roused the echoes with their play, The gruesome hour has power to subdue, And soon their shouts and laughter die away. All first-they sit, save one, who stands apart From all his comrades, with no heavy heart; For smiles light up his winsome, chubby face- No solemn shades find there a resting-place. So radiant are his boyish features, that An usher, who sits reading close at hand, domes gently up to him and whispers, " Nat, Wherefore that smile seraphic, blithe, and bland ?" " Please, teacher," answers Nat, " I feel so gay Because to-morrow will be Saturday I" " And why should that make you so hugely grin P" Asks teacher, with a " chuck" of Nat's plump chin. The youngster's heart seems full, his breath comes fast, His answer comes forth joyfully and slow, Whilst teacher, silent, does intently las', "'Cos Saturday's our pudden day, yer know !" S. FInANELIN AND G. H. PERRI. 13.-The meeting was quite accidental (I think it occurred at a bull) : The fellow was by the first smitten- He could not resist her at all. He took her oft to the theatre, And praised her fair features and hair, And prayed she might let fall her kerchief, From which he a corner could tear. Old Time travelled cheerily onward, And summer and autumn went by, Then winter came with his white mantle, And Christmas bells rang cheerily. And then was a neat little wedding, And presents the bride to surprise, And off on their honeymoon journey They launched, second hearty good-byes. W. KoILvra. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word. is changed, to form another word in the narratlve.) 14.-The hardest of cons. is to know what to say When writing a con., and the easiest way, Ye riddlers so gay, Come, tell me, I pray, How am I to write them, and what should I say P I think that a con. on the Queen's Jubilee (With this our good Editor's sure to agree 1) Would of interest be ; I'll write, then, with glee, A con. on her Majesty's Grand Jubilee I I'll anxiously wait till my con. I espy, And when, after waiting, the day has drawn nigh, To the paper.shop I Will hurriedly fly, And in " Riddle T." my con. I'll espy. My parents thought proper to christen me Jo, Although 'tise a name that is common and low; It worries me so, I'm wishing to know The reason why they should have christened me Jo. But what's in a name ? Not much, it is true; The letters in my ugly name are but two; Whether many or few, Matters little to you, I suppose; so, dear riddlers, I bid you adieu I Jo-KINO, Lambeth. 15.-Winter's triumphs are not few; Drunkard, he, of summer's dew, Blighter of the oak and yew. Winter ever bringeth grief- Ever traced by sweet relief- To the flower, the bud, and leaf. Winter brings with New Year's morn Promise bright of summer's dawn; Life and hope again are born. Loving hearts 'mid worldly strife, Ever true'mid evils rife, Shall know an everlasting life. V. D. TAYLOR, Warringtol. 16.-The spring is here again, But it will not stay long; All Nature says "'Tis plain The spring is here again." In ev'ry shady lane We seem to hear this song: " The spring is here again, But it will not stay long." ONE OF THE FORTY. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another aword.) 17.-Here's to our paper, the best in the land; Here's to its chief who ne'er stints it; Here's to its genial Editor, and To each busy "devil" that prints it I Here's to our " Tourney," the liveliest spot First our well.belovdd paper can boast, sirs; And now to Queen Marion-next riddler-will not Drink deeply, indeed, to that toast, sirs ? Here's to the knight who in beauty's defence To take up his lance ne'er afraid is; And here is to him who can shoot (in pretence) A cynical shaft-at the ladies! Here's to our ladies, our songsters so fair, Who for worlds I would ne'er dare to vex, sirs; And for whose good opinion so much do I care, That I'll drink to the whole of their sex, sirs! For let them wear " What's-its," or let them wear none, I assure you I don't care a feather; So fill up your glasses, my friends every one, And we'll toast them (in water) together I A. AMIBERLEY, Manchester. 18.-Now, "Tourney" knights and ladies fair, I claim your close attention ; A tale I'll first in language rare, That will deserve a pension. A man named Stone, next known to fame As very fond of betting, said a claim to the hardest name, A harder one forgetting. The bet was taken quickly up, By some one sitting by 'em Wilose name was Harder; thus Stone's cup Was filled once less per diem. CoLONA O'D. DECAPITITIONS. (Drop thle first letter of a word. leaving another v'ord.) 19.-A weapon you for first-will find; Deprive it of its head, A fruit much liked I've little doubt You soon will see instead; Decapitate once more, and then If you will try your best, You'll prove there's something left which is By ev'ry one possessed. J. Srocs, Lambeth. 20.-A word oft used for peril Obediently behead, &nd you will fid a passion . - Oft felt b1y man instead Is-.Ez.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whicah is a word.) 21.-Such is the maiden at early morn, Walking light-footed among the corn ; Such is the matron with iron-grey locks, When at her gate the parson knocks ; Such is the parson himself, who calls, And points out the way where the sinner falls. This is a summer flower that blooms With the sweetest scent of all perfumes; [u a thousand tints do their blossoms shine On bush or tree in the glad sunshine; The fairest of all God's flowers, I ween, In its moss-like coat of the purest green. My whole, when the spring-time's milder breeze Awakens the buds and the budding trees, Recovers the velvet grass with hue Bright green under the sky's bright blue; Then in the wood, or by wayside hedge, Or modestly peeping from out the ledge Of a window, or holding itself aloof Amongst the thatch of a cottage roof, This modest and dainty spring-time flower Peeps out to enjoy the passing shower ; Or when the sun shines bright will peep, And bask there after its winter sleep. PELHAM, Wandsworth, 22.-You are a lovely maiden, Sarah dear I Sarah dear! With love my heart is laden, Sarah dear I Sarah dear I Fair and gentle as a dove, Like an angel from above, Are you, my own dearest love, Sarah dear I Sarah dear I Ooh I first is thy pretty face, Sarah dear I Sarah dear i Sure, a goddess it would grace, Sarah dear 1 Sarah dear I I love y on with all my soul, For my nct from me you've stole; Ah, now I won't you be my whole ? Sarah dear ! Sarah dear! T. WaRD, Dublin. 23.-To " play the truant " first will be; My second is a measure; In wohole a riddler's name you'll see : His cons. give us great pleasure. J. BIn:ELt,, Belfast. 2.--Remote or distance is my first; Any substance is my second; My whole is an English coin, If I have rightly reckoned. II. CARTER 25.-My first was running along a road Bearing my second, a heavy load; My first he stumbled, and down he fell, Tlbrowing my whole into a deep well. P. E. BArs, London. 26.-A conveyance is my first; A dear one is my second; My whole, a covering for the floor, A useful thing is reckoned. SILVER STONE, 27.-My first is a tool by workmen used; my second is a man that makes part of my Jirst; and my whole is a town on the River Thames.-A. C. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 28.-In days of old, A warrior bold, A Sootchman named Macduff, Went forth first day Macbeth to slay, Of whom he'd had enough I Macbeth in fright, Said, " I'll not fight I" Macduff cried, "Coward, yield !" Macbeth said " Stuff I Lay on, Macduff I But soon lay next the field. PERcY B. DELETION. (Drop aletter from the word chosen, leavirng another word.) 29.-An instrument that's sharp please find, And with it cut away Part of your friend (close to his head), And then you all will say, A stupid deed I've done to day i That loving friend was true to me; But now opponent will he be." ROLLA, West Green. REVERSION. (A word which read backward lorms another word.) 30.-A man's own Christian name is first; Now when you get it clear, Read backwards, and you'll quickly flud Another man's name here. C. F. BLL.acue:r. PALINDROME. (A word which road backwards or forwards is still the same.) 31.--My whole a well.known river shows, Through Eigland I am sure it flows; But turn i' round and you will find That still a river's left behind. MASTEa WALuO ERAneN. SQUARE WORDS. 32.-Please find my first-it's something round; A preposition next is found; 'o tidy be my third will show; Last is a fence you surely know. Ainon SairTH, Gresley. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Time, name. 14.-Windsor. Thus: Wal. 2.-Seen, e'en. lis, I, Nail, Dull, Song, Old. Rill. 3.--Pass, ass. 15.-My name. Thus: 4.-Scream, cream. Marion, Y, Name, Ame. 5.-Coble. Thus: Morin- rica, Million, Ear. co-ble-mish. 16.-Moore. Thus: Moru. 6.-Pine, line, ing, Olympic, Orange, SRead, Eyes. .--Right, fight. 17.-Parnell. Thus : Pigeon, :S.-To, so, no. Athens, Rum, Nile, 9.-Cons., long. Emma, Lydia, Loungel- 10.-Fear, beat. low. 11.-House, horse. 18.-Flow, wolf. 12.-Imagination. T hu s: 19.--Found, fond. India, Moses, Anne, Gold, 20.-Table, tale. Ill, Nose, Aut, Time, Ink, 21.-Wind, wild. Organ, Name. F22.-W hat, at. 13.-The World. Tihus: 2.-Heart, hear. Time, Home, Eyesight, 24.-Short, shirt. Wood, Ocean, Rain, Lass, 25.-Because they were Desk. I "poached" already. BRIDDLE CONTRIBUTIONS ACCEPTED TO WEDNESDAY APR'L 6.-H. McILLS (2.13), COLOSxet O'p. (13, 3, 7, 8), Ci Ina (2), W. ORosLER (1), QUEENIE (1), A. J. DICESON (1, 3, 4), PATRcIc S. (1), W. CANNIG (2), H. CACTEX (6), F. HiALLA (1, 2), LA IncoonrITA (1), C. BoSHER (1), ANNIE A. RovSTOo (2), A. BUTLEr (1, 4, 5). JATES (Bir- mingham) (3, 5), K. BaonUT (1), G. BocoaNAr (2), J. LEIon (1, 2), O. F. BAKER (1, 2, 4, 5, 6). Contributions not referred to in the preceding para- grauh have been found unsuitable, and are therefore declined with thanks.