RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (Theletters of a word are tranp ,nos . and form another word in the a : 00tie.1
1.- Sang a bird so sweetly, Where a winsome maid, Foolish. indiscreetly. Wandered in a glade; Proud because a stranger, With a courtly grace- Cruel, heartless ranger- Notes her pretty face, Utters false, deceiving,. Sentences absurd. While the maid, believing, l.isteus to each word. Sanig the bird so loudly Of asummer dead; But the maiden proudly Flaunts her httle head, Will not think of Reuben, Farmer Holland's son, Who has ever true been Since her life begun. While the stranger coldly Strokes her nut-brown hair, Bidding her turn coldly From kind Reuben's care. Sang the bird, and peeping Through a lattice pane, Finds the maiden weeping, Gazing o'er the main. For upon the morrow, In a ship so gay, With a heart of sorrow, Reuben sails away. But the bird, while singing To the maid-en, speaks, Rosy blushes bringing To her pretty cheeks. Sings the bird so sweetly Of a summer past, Youth and maid completely Happy are at last. Vanished is all danger, Healed is ev'ry snuart, Banished is the stranger From the maiden's heart. All the birds are singing, Happy voices raise, All the woods are ringing With sweet notes of praise. MArnIo L. TAtLOR, Birkenhead. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters to ai word to form another word.) 2.-Come, tluse, come, Muse, as down I sit, The hour of bed is past : Coime, Muse, and ease tmy wavering doubt Of what 'tis best to write about, I first to g.un a last. Tnnr. 3.--A humble cotter's wife I knew, A worthy first was she; Witlhin a next still wet with dew, She sat beneath a tree. Her children's hands had last a scat, On which she .at and prayed, Or, plunged i in, litati,ll sweet, She watched them as they played. A. E. Hoorr,. MIETAG RAMS. (Change the first letter of a "o ,1o t form another word,) 4.-'Tis a really most wondterful thing, The ink and the paper oft used, The number of poets who sing, And how oft what they stug is refused. They slug, and first ne'er seem to tire, 'Tis truly most comic. He " lie! Perhaps there's a muse next on hire; I wish she would step round to me. 'Tis a truly most wonderful thing. The beautiful verse they compose, One sings of a bird on the wirne. 'The next of a baron's red nliose. Tney write just the verse I adruire, And I'd like just to ask them-he ! he !- If they have aniy io'itic tire, If they'd send just a little to me. 'Tis a really most wonderful thine, With what tonrage oft born of despair They insert in their verse just a sting (I'm convinced they alone know it's there). They give this small vent to their ire, Aund think 'tis sarcastic. lie ! he! I wish of this vengeance most dire 'They would send a small portion to me. A QUILLE PENNE. 5.-I rose as soon as it was first, One morning in July, Then, with my basket, rod, and line, I to the brook did hie. I fixed a worm upon my hook, And cast it in the stream ; Ere long I got a bite, and found I'd hooked a monstrous bream. In vain I strove with all my next To land him on the bank; I slipped, and fell into the stream, And 'neath its waters sank. "I'm lost! All's over now." I thought; " My life has reached its close." But the next moment, to my joy, I to the surface rose. 'Twas last o'clock when I reached home, hIungry and tired and wet, And from the illness that ensued I've not recovered yet. S. W. HATES, Worcester. t.-I rhymed till my brow (now 'tis true what I'm tell. ing) Ached-four hours in rhyming I'd been occupiet. All wds still, save a noise from the very next dwelling : The noise-well, it came from the people inside. Ou that night a calamity happened-extending Its claws on the ink bottle (oh ! 'twas heartrending), My cat upset all the ink. fir-t and then, sending It over my cons., last it ran tar and wide. Oh ! dark was that spot, and it cover'd the paper, On the table my best poems lay " in decay," As useless as-well, for a rh3 me, I'll say vapour; But 'twas no use to cry over spilt " ink," friends, eb ? Then the ink like a waterfall slowly descended, And over the carpet its wayward way wended, And- Now I have tinished, my narrative's ended, So, dear fellow riddlers, I'll bid you good day. ARCtIEiU B., Kentish Town. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the f lrst 1t-itr- f t, word, leaving another word.) 7.-Yes, we'll come and gather round you (Ed's. appeal has caused us pain), Though the tact should not astound you, That aside our lyres we'd lain. Scriptor, High Boot, Simpson, Carter, Philo. Epsilon. and Miles, New additions to us are to Not monopolize the files. Though we've other nims, ambitions, As you've written, O Quille Penne, Still of fame we have br-ht visions- No; we are not yet old men I A STILLE PEN'E. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form anoths r word.) 8.-A gentleman of birth and high degree. With titles and with ancestral renown, Left House of Lords and worry, just to flee For brief repose a short way out of town; But from the frying-pan, I grieve to say, He jumped to fall into the fire instead. The rustices changed his centre one fine day, And boiled and ate him on a piece of bread. W. G., Westminster,
BETAGRAlM. (Change the second letter of a word to form alth er wcl- 9.--After years in distant cities, years of trouble mn:.ed with joy. Wondrous strange this little world (msy world when I -c but a boy) Seems to me, for now returning from a mightier wore of care, Here I walk my native pastures, breathe with j'ýy. native air. Yes, that's it, that little cottage staring there the kas- across, With its face as white as snowdrifts, and its thatched head grown with moss; That's the village schoolhouse, where my little bra: began to toil, Watched o'er by a dear old primal, who is now beneath t:e soil. How I loved him! how we loved him, all us mrrv. featured boys !- He who took such interest in all our trivial cares and joys, He who was so good and patient, making our young minds discern What was wrong and what was rightful, what to leave and what to learn. Even now I think I see him sitting in his wooden cla:, While we listened to his stories of the earth andi, f"e air. Only seven did we second, and we managed just to t ! One small form that stood before him, nuderi:e.ath "ite window-sill. Sometimes he would pat our curly heads, and sl eak s lovingly That we all were fain to love him, trusting him ;a. plicitly. Yes; the school is empty. Children older grew, aw ceased to come, And the primal, tired and feeble, left it for anotslerhb:ae. H. C. PRICE, SouthLawra. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 10.-I am a most unlucky bard, Though by first means unlettered; To write I have endeavoured hard, Yet by the muse am fettered. I scarce cat pen a single verse, The aspect is not "rosy," And so in rhyme my woes rehearse, Though you may find it '" prose-y." I've figured in the " Tournament," But never yet could " head it," Though next that all my powers I've tent' 'Tis scarcely to my credit. My lyre and nerves are both unstrung, And- Ah! my winged steed pauses; He rears, and off I'm roughly flung, My " cry of woe" the cause is. 1). G. litovr5. ACROSTICS. IA word, or words. formed of the initial letters of other ut r Foundation Word. 11.-So ho, Mr. Graham ! you revelled in glee, No doubt, when you handed this riddle to me; You thought it, I guess, just a poser-in fact, A nut which by none of our kuigh s would be crack'., And 1-who, alas i had to handle the thing, Propound it, explain it, anli of it to sing- What could I do with it? A subject, forsooth, So terribly, clumsily, sadly nucouth i And list, gentle reader, my friend, Mr. G. Said, " WVallis, work well, and the riddlers will be lu this case as helpless as doge when you muzzle et., Because you've a subject alone that will puzzle 'asm. And now, Mr. Riddler (I'm awfully kind), I mean to assist you, so just bear in mind That primals at home in the grate you may find, So look when the ashes get into the way, And if you don't see this- For my part, good day Cross Words. Some clues we will give you, and then, we colfe:s, A first to this ridd.e you ought to possess. To " bind " or to " fetter," this word's so deiErc ; You surely can solve it it you're so inclined. It bumps, thumps, and throbs; it is sensitive, t And something that's given to us tand to you. A garden utensil, but 'tis not the spade, And yet ill road.tuaking its use is displayed. You never have seen, but you've felt it, we vow - In tact, you are even consutinng it now. Of this may old England right proud ever be, I or has it not made her the Queen of the Sea ? \\WALLIS AND 6;i1:Ai:: F,,ondllon Wsord. 12.-1 know a las-ie fair anl true, Anl whole's hier apl,clliation; As slice a little main i.s yot W\ill find throughout the nation. Her eyes are blue, her hair is brown, Her lips are like the cherry ; You w.ll not find o'er all the town A lass so blithe and merry. Cro's Words. My uncle first came down, and brought for 1) '" A splendid doll, and also one for Polly. He bade us all sit town and rest before he Commenced to tell, to him, the second story. I know this Irish lass with locks so jetty ; Although she's dark, she's really very pretty. We played a game, or maybe two, at cricket; In thirteen fourths I only took one wicket. I'm liked by men of all degrees and station, Be what I may, a tale or recitation. W. D. PlcKs:ltNG, Bloon:::. Foundation Word. 13.-We mourn the loss of one whose name Is entered in the book of fame. Though born in such a low degree, Though brought up in adversity, He lett a name immortalized By talc~ts that were highly prized. g'ross iiords. Reproach, a taunt, a scoff, a sneer; A liquid sometimes known as he..r; A knavish, waggish tellow this; A something that produces bliss : 'Tis always smooth, and hard, and coldl; An adversary, maybe bold; Obliv,ou, death, destruction, sleep; And sadness 'tis that makes me weep. A. LGnTOL- -t, POLYPHONE. [A word which has different sounds, and bears a difTe:'C: meatnig with etaci clhase ot protinttnciattion.! 14.-My first a well.known metal is, Although not pIrecious useful 'tis; The eight was dark, and I did say To Dick, " Go on, and last the way !" IMIPRIMATU. LOGOGRIPH. IA word which may be treated as a mlnetagram, decapiration. (" tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect s urd ats. - operation. 15.-My whole, 'tis said, boys like to throw; Behead it, then a sound 'twill show; Cut off its tail, a weight is seen, You'll say a heavy weight, I ween; Place on its tail, cut off its head, A number then you'll view instead. a. ALuaRESS, Bedrcfrd