RID)1LE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE META-DOUBLE-OMEGRAM. (Chang. the first an i two laqt lette a of'.L w,.rd to form another erd. exepre.io d ini the uarr tivo.)
1.-Hnrk ! the bells are loudly pealing Forth a free and joyous chime; They've inherited the eeling Fostered by tnis festive time. Old anid young their way are wending To the church, so, quaiit and grand, There in praise their voices blending To this day's twice-bsest command. Who would e'en permit a sorrow To disturb th:s haltppy peace? Thonuh ,ur cares return to-morrow, Let their sou ,tile labour cease At Christmastide. When the light of day is waning, And the ruddy lames of fire. Leapiine, mock the blast complaining. Ca-ting shadows at desire: When the snowy flakes are flitting 'Fore the surly monarch wind, Then conteutedly we're sitting, Care a stranger to each mund. Dear relations who are bearing Trace of many a passing year; And those younger-all are sharing In the univ, ral cheer Of Christmastide. Though a home be poor and needy, WVant, a visitor not rare, Witb departure never speedy, Happnmess a feint, a snare, Is a ivdwelling, meagre, brightened, Who would hesitate to say ? Is the weight of trouble lightened By the advent of this day ? Blow, wind, wreak your vengeance blindly, Howl and shriek, you can't destroy; You'll not t fface the feeling kindly, Kindred of the common joy Of Christmasti le. J. STOCKs, Lambeth. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Ci(:uime the two last letters of a word to form another word.) .--'Tis a year ago this Christmas (Christmas Eve I might have said), And our pair of youthful visitors Had long gone off to iied With lauching, ha py faces- No need to ask the cause- For Christ-uas Eve. so mamma said, Woiud bring old Santa Claus. 'Twas twelve o'clock; up htairs I stole, And their cha-uber door uulcking, Expoeld to view upon each bed beheld a tiuy stocking. Heich. presto! and ;irst both were filled- With what? Well, good ess knows; But I cian sately say 'twas not With either legs or toes. Then from that chamlber did I steal, And iought the rooms below; And when I went up stairs again- 'TwLas alter one, I know- Methougit a parting peep I'd take Into th se urchins' room; And, reader, ure it is what I saw Amid the gas-lit gloom. There, on its own respective bed, Each youngster sat; 'twas shocking To see with what delight they tugged The toys from out each stocking. And with what appreciation did Each tiny monuth receive The sweetme ,ts that kind Santa Claus Had brought last Christmas Eve! t. PHILLIPS, Maidstone. META-O I EGRAK. (Chlanes the firt and last letters of ia word toform anotlier word.) 3.-Hang up the ivy and holly, T e up the mistletoe, too; This is the iime to be jolly, 'this is the time to be jou; Full, not of wine, but of pleasure, Full of goo a-humour and mirth; Full of goodwill, wit hout measure, Unto the humble of birth; Full of benevolent actions, Full of sweet charity's ways; Full of those gentle attractions That lend a delight to your days. May all share the greatest enjoyment Who first in this "'' Trnahent" throng; May all lust a pleasant eiuployment In writing a "Tournament" sotigo,', Hang up the ivy and hbilly, Tie up the mistletoe bough; This is the time to be jolly, Christmas is with us just now. S. Woo). NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of ar wr- it chtlltged ti ftinrm another word, ex- pressed ill the Iiarrativ.) 4.-Now that stern Winter makes poor mortals- tingle, Custom detanuds that we with smiles should beam; But coli mi-fortunes, sirs, come rarely single, And C ristmas pleasures are not al; they s :em. Yet Christmas-time ie sometimeUs rather nice, When unexpected mishaps do not thin it; For instaui,-, we are rather fond of ice- i[ut where's the pleasure when we tumble in it? High in the Alps " stern Winter's" slightly chilly, Coud wi ds blow kee , and avalanches fall; Atildall fo.k ku w that where the country's hilly The snow, as Yaulsees -ay, is somewhat "tall." Yet even iserie we have our ,i)intmas pranks, And Bi w -wals fly ab,uiii from utismen quarters; We brevety bear our well-etrnea Yuletide spanks (Which a tihe mode by which decoroum's taught us, When the aggressed bave ultimately caught us;) We find enjoyment in the quips and cranks Thit recant journals-heavenly prints!-have brought us, Or in fl-rting with the "burgo's" youngest daughters. These ar,- the only joyt that Christmas brings us, Save those whiIh tby our cottage fire are found; Thn ills iar, that th0. icy s-eason stings us, And we'd lprler the year t,,rned calf-way round. "Stern Winter" -ets in st English folk preparing ' heir warmest dres-, and stoutest, heavy shoes; The tiper' sac s., too, seem wondrous gla inug (, ilth jo., of course-don't mention Christmas Which n ne iu ten would certainly refuse If theirs hi- valued privilege to choose i), Thi:n nights of mad carrouals, song and dance- T'huugh dancing be, to irlton's mindi, impropor- While home returuing till the morn's a chance, Invested with a miduight Christmas "copper." But this the hazy side! There is a truer, Transftirms old Christmas to a genial treat M .re suited ti fastidious epicure, But with, alack i a lack of su nmer hea t; Yet, ,i t ihe slairit Christmas ime imuparts T, thvisi, who keep this side i-e vorslons portals, We trust the seal-ou's joy wil fill your bhearts, ''luungh ice and snow vex us hillg-suffi-riing morrta ! SWITZI.R AWn VAWN RUSU.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is cliialrel to form another word.) 5.-He lived in a castle set up on the Rhine, This sur y old worm-eaten baron of mine; So thin was he, every interstice and crack (Which sign. of antiquity iin house should lack) Wai plastered and stuffed, for fe ir he'd drop in; Th ugh retainers ant varsals cared never a pin If he'd broken each bone in his yellow old skin. Yuletide was oncoming, so people were merry, And the maidens were kissed 'neath eacu nose and each berry ; The log way cut up and the holly cut down, The fires to replenish, th banquet to cr* wu. But no muerriment entered thas castle of ours- b'orbiddeu it was by the misruling powers; And the baron sat high in his bed-chamber gloomy, With his opics of , leunm is, apartment so roomy. He lowered at the gatherings held all around, Where the neighbours had Christmas, with merriment crowned; And yet he had stores of the " wherewithal" hid In a very large chest with a " Chobbs' patent" lid; The greed of the grasper had entered his soul, And the feeling was one that lie couldn't control. Tie people all said, whncu a tale they'd unfold, That in place of a heart he'd a nugget of gold, Which explains. If the pun you will take in good part, That the organ he owned was a capiral heart. On Christmas Eve, just after the fall, When revelry reigned in each other great hall, The baron retired, was then lying asleep (Of course he could do the same thing when awake), When he woke with a start, his month near his heart, His wrinkled old flesh began slowly to creep, And his form began to shiver and shake; He heard a sound as he turned around, A sound full eerie, all diablerie, A shultie of feet, andt an awful groan, And a sort of command in a terrible tone. He looked, and his blood nearly froze at the sight- There wasn't enough to be frozen outright. With trembling awe, a figure lie saw In yellow and red, with Lire on his head, His mouth was a furnace by sulphur fed; He'd a fiendlish look that none could brook, He waved his hImid with a low command. The baron arose without his clothes, With neither doubler, nor first, nor hose; He follow. d his guide through an open door, Which the baroe swore wasn t there before; On and on, till, a wall withdrawn, They found themselves with a crowd of elves, All making merry around the board, Which the baron thought hlie could not afford. There, at the head, a little man sat, Sleek, and round, and rosy and fat; But he had a frown, lie the other ghouls, On his face, and the prisoner last in his soles, And he thundered tout to Ihe fearing lotrd, "The feast is thine, 'tis all thy due; Make merry around thy Chrirtmas board, For all thy feasts are far and few." And then they seized the luckless man, Across the room the whole troop ran, To make him swallow, the poor old sinner, Each long-passed-over Christmas dinner. For sixty years he had ta'en it not, So sixty dinners were on the spot. They crammed him full with pudding and goose, Til. his wrinkled skin, once flarby and loose, Was like a barrel, so sleek and round ; But the dinners yet were in great arrears, And now did the awful sentence sound, That till he'd eaten each bygone meal, In spite of his prayers, and lo, ks, and tears, The cell's confinement he should feel- Each Christmas Day the wick.-d old sinner Should eat the long-due Christmas dinner. The hall is there, and the people say, Though forty 3 ears have passed away, The barou has not from his dungeon got, And twenty Chrietmases more must be Ere he shall be led Iroin his prison frey; Bur, they -ay, before that coming day, That the baron will be but moulderinn clay. lvANeuOE, Belfast. 6.-For old time's sake I now uplift my pen At Christmas.time, that, on the" Tourney's" page, My name may yet be seen by riddling men, For old time's sake. Time was, indeed, when I could warfare wage: That time, I fear, is past-that joyous " when," For somehow time has dulled my noble rage. Greetings I first would send from this, my den, To the last queen, and those who here engage; Once more here let us drink tomether, then, For old time's sake. PATRInc S., Belfast. NARRATIVE META.-OMEGRAM. (Change the first an I latt letters of a word to form another word, expressed ii the narrative.r 7.--"Tourney" ladies, fair befall ye! merrie Christmas be to all ye, Maids, and gentlemen chivalrous, now in festive season here; Sing we song Yule celebrating, Father Christmas re- instating, With good hope for a most happy and most prosperous cnew year. As we gather, pleased, together round the fireside, while the weather Roars the baritono of Boreas with a storm of welcome sclow; Let us look awhile behind us just to cheer and to remind us Of our conquests, deeds-perhaps errors-in the year now dying slow. There's our Euglish Albion's writers, rarely failing to delight us ; There's our Irishmen, fair Erin's sons, most excellently good; Scotia's gay and facile scribblers with their driest humour uibbl' uits, While the gallant little Wales has sent her warriors, as she should- All in union 'truest, rightest, all in concord gladdest, brightest, Each a power in th' common good of all within the "I T." May our "Tourney" empire flourish, and our queenly Marion nourish The deep sympiathies and loyalties of her subjects strong and free. Christmas seasons are for gladness-e'en the poor must kn w less sadness When goodwill and true elation joy all hearts so very May the winter not oppress them, and the Christmas fu sess bless them, They who have no merrie Christmas, none at all but what is uiull. Ring, ye bul:s, ydur ding-dong dinging doth accompany the singing Of the "waits " and the pure musio of the "lit-by. lantern" hands; In our island homes is growing something better, inland flowing, Like the waves around our islands, dashing joyous on their sands. C. DRENeoN AN V. D. TAYLoes. CONUNDtUMS. 8.-Why is the letter I always visible P W. IRowLAND, Walton. D.-Why should a masher make a good boxer P--JvAN..
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of at to ir onother word e s in tie a rt*re. Spress 10.-Brightly sheds the moon her splendour, brightly twinkle stars to-niiht; Snow and frost tog-t.her rendter Scenes must beautiful and bright. Slowly on the nli:ht air stealing Comes th.. distant church bells' chime. Iron tongues that loudly pealing Hail another Christmas-time. Mid ight hour approaches nearer, Nearer to Christ's na nl day, Luna Seems to g ow y t cle rer As she trends the Milky Way; Bear those tuneful voices ringing, Heralding a j yeaous morn ! 'Tis the carols, sweetly singing, Of an infant Saviour born. Hear them tell how once an angel, Clad in robes of spotless white, Told of Christ to .aste, n shepherds, Watching o'er their flocks by night. Hear the cadence of their music, Softly now-now rising higher, Till their voices seem but echoes Of the far-off angel choir. See, the dawn is gently breaking, Night is giving place to day; Soon each household will lie waking, Aged sires and youngsters gay. See, Jack Frost h :s left his warning On each crystal window.pane; Thus we greet thee, happy mornine, Welcome, Christmas, one aeg: n ! J. G. NICHOtLS, M3ilton. 11.-Yellow leaves are softly falling, Rustling underneath our feet, Happy summer.days recalling, Days that were with joy replete. Through the trees the wind is sighing, Bending low each stately head, Sighing, sighing, For the summer that is dead. Silv'ry snow is soft descendling, How it glistens in the light ! 'Neath the weight each twig is bending, All the earth is cloth, d in white. Through the ti ees the wind is sighing, Waving gently, every one; Siching, sighing, For the summer that is gone. Merry bells are softly ringing, O'er the earth a stillness reigns; Voices, too, we can hear singing, And the dark of night now wanes. Hark I the bells are softly ringing, Welcoming the c .ming dawn; Ringing, ringing, On this hapipy Christmas morn! MARy MILLER AoDi AmY HALLOTT. 12.-What! jolly Father Christmas here once more! You've come this year quite early, have you dot sir? Y our annual visit you have paid before. A song of welcome for you I have got, sir. But step inside, old fellow-t eke a chair; You'll find that cosy one will suit you nicely; It's rather la ge for me, though, I declare, It's just the size that you rcquire-iprecisely. Pray draw a little nearer to the fire; And now you're cmfortable i'll proceed, sir, To warble to the music of my lyre, And let you know you're welcome here indeed, sir, What! surely you're not leaving e so so soon ? At least, pray stry until my Eoung I've tinished; You'll list from the hbegining of my tune Until it's close with inrreist undiiunished. He's gone! I wonder, now, what made him leave; It cau't e that he did't like ily sitging- Ahlhough invectives at liiy voice I grieve To say my friends continually are fluiging! A. AMBERLEY, lIaucheter,. 13,-On Christmas Day, five years ago, iday was the girup or laughing maids, Who, in the sunse 's aft.erglow, Came trooping thr.'ugh the forest glades. The mistletoe and holly hung Made faces lush an lainguter flow; And she was merriest of the young, Five years ago. Worth, that liut worth could recognize, She owned-t-ot fancy tempest-whried; At the clear windowi of her eyes Her soul looked out upon the world. And he was worthy of her all, His mind no passing love could know; Yuletide was their heart's festival Five years ago. Though time could not, in passing, change The joyous feeling of their souls, Death's awful colling can estrange The hearts that never time controls. And when the Oi1l Year 's eyes were oim, And New Year's voices wuspered low, Death sent hi, messengers for him, Five years ago. And now a shadow by her side- Numb pain, as Christmas-time is near- Has wooed and won her for his bride, To be till Time shall make her bier. Yet often in tile cire nug hours, When peal the be Is across the snow, She dwells in those flower-covered bowers Love made five years ago. Sorat.I NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word cho-on, leaving another word, ex' pressed in lie nirlraliveJ 14.-A merry, merry ' hristmas To young folks gathered here, Whose joyous sonus have charmed us Through all the passing year. A merry, merry Ch isntuas To riddlers fond and true; And blithest of blithe greetings, Queen Marion, to you I A merry, merry Christmas To old kniehts far away, Who yet, in heart andi spirit, Are with us this glad Jay. Think not you are forgotten Where once your pennous fleow, And so, dear old-time riddlers, A Christmas fair to you ! A merry, merrn Christmas, And sweeteued may it be By thoughts of those who love him, The ruler of the " 'T.;" And since that lIve, up-welling. Wouid fain have utt'rance, too, " A bright and happy Christmas, Dear Editor, to you " FiuAo. CHARADE. (Formned on a wvord easn syllable of which iss a word.t 15.-First implies no damp is there; ~Sec~od is a lion's lair; IVhole's well suited to your mind; In it poet, sirs, you'll Iind. C. F. BMacKsvUN.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE TRANSPOSITION. The letters of two words are trtrtespioed, and form other words 16 -With January garments white the New Year comes arrayed, Newborn to all the hardships of existence, From'day to day to suffer through Dame Fortuno, fickle jade, Or prosper by the charm of her assistance. Free February comes with love, the bearer of his train, ,~f ng tender hearts to make gri at devastation; And low before St. Valentine each love-sick maid and Will homage pay with heartfelt adoration. Eude. blustering March appears, the surly harbinger of Spring. The dbiig winter yet awhile to cherish, Beholds the final struggles of the hoary, snow-crowned kisu, And rays him in the lap of Spring to perish. I.custant April, pretty maid of most uncertain mind, e'y merry fools in motley gar b attended. Neo sweetly smiles a right goodwill with disposition hind. Anou will frown just like a child offended. Bel,nlt with flowers diadem'd the charming queen of May Enthroned with joy and bLailed with pleasant greetin:;, While terrily her subjects, dancing round the mtaypolo ,ay. With happy hearts beguile the moments fleeting. Warm.hearted June is ushered in, and soon the summer brings, And Nature's songrters tune their cheerful voices; The god of light descends to earth to cheer all living things, And earth with ever-grateful heart rejoices. July, headstr ,ng and eager as an ardent swain can be, Wi: fiery zead all tnature re-arranging, Blcomes St. Switlln's aject slave, and soon we find thaLt he Is to each varied humour ever changing. To Antnst, the imperial, we a royal welcome give, And hail the holi lay so long awaiterd3 Asid.' our cares a e cast and once agaiin we learn to live, From city toil and titunmoil separated. September staid, approaching with abundance to our doors. To fr litful Ceres proves an apt handmaiden; And brightly gleams the harvest-moon on well-replenished stores And groaning orchard trees with plenty laden. Robust Octobor strides along with free- and easy mien, Like an old country squire, bluff, hale, and hearty; Then comes thl: sound of merriment announcing Hallow- e'en, And pleasure reigns o'er many a joyous party. Niovembe, ruleo with iron hand, and bin is in icy bonds The babbling brook and softly murmuring r1ver; Yet to the sturdy sparrow's chirp the robin grl-ff re- 'ponds, Despite the wi d north wind that makes us shiver. Decembettr, the delightful, comes with holly berries cr'.wn' d, And ;:ood old Santa Claus in close attendance; Arat soon a million bells peace and goodwill will gladly sound, And want extol kind-hearted independence. PHILO, Glasgow. NIARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILIENT. (Deop to first atnd lst letters frmin a word. leaving another word, ex teas d inl the arrIative.) 17.-Ragged, and torn, and homeless, Hungry, and thi sty, and wild, Alone in his bosom of umis'ry- 'Tis Christmas Day for this child. Weary and choking, and dusty, With eyes that can scarcely discern; Onward, and onward, and onward, No bread can this wanderer earn. Is this Christmas-time for the people? ls ttis He ven's holiest day ?- When a subject is wandering homeless, With nowhere to kneel and pray ! Ye princes of kingdoms so mighty, Is this, then, your justice to those Who are clasned with the Almighty's masses, The leaf torn away from the rose ? But this is the hour of 'rejoicing, The day for the churches-not stocks. The home of this boy is the coffin: And this is his Christmas Box I S. DE BEAR. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Itomtaa numerals expressed in flurlas.) Foutndation Worde. 18.-When visions of ivy and holly And mirth-causing mistletoe flit Through our minds, then we know it is folly Iu idleness dreary to sit; For our wit is well-spoent if we gain A place in that t,rinuls so grand, Which. 1 e rnetly hope, will obtain The hearty support of our band. Cr'os I'rrds. 1,500 and rauko A for eign land. 500 ,, rore Means to command. 501 , purba To clharge with wrong. 600 ,, aba A simple song. 51 ,, no A beast of prey. 6 ,, negen The close of day. !,001 ,, uuetuar To calculate. 150 ,, yunku Unfortunate. 1,501 ,, satone A town of Kent. 51 ,, wabe Means to lament. 501 ,, rote " Our mutual friend." 1 ,, prare This means to mend. LONG SNOWSHOE, Glasgow. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Cthnge the first two 'etterseof a w -rd to form another word, ex. pressed In the narrative.) l0.-Don Cupid is a merry man, Who, armed with ,ilver-pointed darts, Doth try, as slyly as he can, To pierce with them fair maidens' hearts. 'Tis kind, my friend, thus to relate SThe deeds of Cupid in that strain; But Cupid never hesitates To pierce a man with might and main. E. GEORGaE AND iE. J. SCItOFIELD.