RIDDLE TOURnAM1ENT. AC ROSTICS. A word, or words formed of the initial letters of other words.)
LChos Wedors. 1.-My first comnes to cheer us, And winter is o'er; Rejoice ! f.r sweet spring-time Is with us once more. O second, fair flower, New hopes you inspire; Then, third, of your luaours, Ah ! please do not tire. You fifth should be fourth, Let me venture to say; Oh. last your best eons., Riddling heroes, I pray. Fouindaltia Word. We welcome you with joyous rihyme, Dear, happy and delightful time ! LOTTi; \V. Foulndlation Word. 2.--lMv music soft, and sweet, and clear, Enchanting to the listening ear; In the halls of knights and barons held, My notes were heard in days of old. Cross Words. A town near the sea, please find its name ; And second is a part of the human frame; My third flows rapidly on to the sea; In my fourth I hope you never will be. STRONfnOW. DOUBLE ACIiOSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initl tis, furt m a word, or words. ) leundatia Word,. 3.-" It is coming, it is coming," carol out the birds all dap, " Cousuu with a breath of gladness, chasing winter gloom away ; Wh-en its reign shall come in earnest, then shall we all happy be, Then the brooklets fromt the ncuntains shall be joining in our glee." "It is coming, it is coming," so the wondrous flowers ,ay, " Coutin, with a wealtl and sa.liui2r which shall gloritly andtl stay; The corn shall ripen in the sunshine, and the blossonms brighter grow, It shall be the gladdest season we can ever, ever kiow." Cross Weods. For many a year they bravely fought For liberty of deed and titoughLt. }Far in France's geni:l clime, Tourists. pass .away their tituc. How many a one is spoiled with ink, As long-haired poets strive to think. In Eastern lands, a plU'etat e, Who wields religious power great. Where now dissension's flag's unfurled; Once monarch of an ancient world. Where is the glory ?-it is shame, And but burleaquing honest fane. LAST ov T:ln: MotIICANs. C IIhAI)ES. (Ior!ned on a word usc:s syIlahle of which is : wnrs!.l 4.--That night with mockint calmness shone the moon, Into the glen her rays of silver crept, In 'tweeu the interlacing bou-hs, and soon Her glittering beams from shrubi to flow'ret leapt. Silent the night, save for the painful sound Among the branches when the wind was freed, Save for the bark of some ill.-omened hound Keeping his midnight vigils o'er the mead. Between the trees we stole; a pallid ray Fell on imty brother's face, pale as in death; As from his cheek he dashed a tear away, Quickly and painful came his husky breath. I put my hand in lhis-'twas icy oold- And as convulsively he clasped my own, " Hist, brother, hilt !" he cried; " nor step so bold To meet a second as a marksman known. " Fly! O my brother, yet there's time to fly! Turn ere your first has claimed an easy prey." " Show me not cowardice, though death be nigh ; Courage, my brother, thus in Honour's way." And as I spoke, my words were calm and slow, While round my fevered lips a scornful smile Wreathed in its bitterness, and all aglow With pride and passion were my eyes the while. We raised our weapons as of one accord; 'The kerchief fell; two flashes-one report! I saw my total fall, and strangely awed I stood-how dearly was my victory bought ! I saw them kneel and raise the fallen one, A listless corpse, with blood upon his brow; And as they bore him from the glen-o'erdone, Trembling, I swooned. But I had kept my vow i L'ALLEGORO. 5.-M-ursuurir g low, Broke the cool ware:ets on the moonlit shore, While a faint song from ocean depths they bore In their u'hoie flow. Far, far away On the horizon looms a tiny sail, Shimmering silver, as the moonbeams pale Round the shrouds play. Nearer it comes ; Fishers are watching it, with anxious eyes. \Vomen and children haste, in scanty guise, From cottage homes. IHow many hearts, Buoyed up with hopes that this may chance contain News of the missing ve-sel, droop again As it departs! Lingering there, As the fair vessel ,net and nc.rt becomes, Till it recedes from view, then to their homes Slowly repair. Silently glides Onward the vessel to its journey's end, Causing their doubts to first, and voices blend In joy from all sides. Amr BOEnIsER, Shorncliffe. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (T'he letters of a word are transposed, and form another word int the uaratuive.t 6.-Through the valley, as I ramble. Faint afar is heard the pibroch Of the hardy men of Campbell, Telling in wild strains how he broke- Broke the power of Moray On his latest foray. Swift as stag and bold as lion, Fierce as fabled Inn Mian, Itardy as the ancient Spartan, Is each man who wears his tartan, And they bear with shouts the pillage, Spoil of devastated village. Ah i from where their pathway narrows Comes a show'r of whistling arrows; Scene of wild confusion follows, As, from bushes, brakes, andi hollows, Start the foe, with deep-voiced slogan, Headed by the dauntless Logan. Rush they then, with concentrated Fury, on their foemen hated, Who, not skill or valour lacking, Bold withstand the force attacking. S * * * * In beauty slept the glen at noon, But when at even rose the moon, Itlay with mangled bodies strewn, Of those who fought so wra.thfully. Men, women, children, sonught the ground, And husbands, sons, and fathers found; But every prostrate form around Was dead, or bleeding deathf"lly. Each blade had done its work, alack i For none to conscious life came back; And far and wide the curonach For lost ones went up mightily. D. Gow.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another Wocrl.l 7.-Have you listed at evesoung To the voice of the racing wind, Felt th' impulse, as it sweeps along, Of its force not alone, but its miud 1 Heard the throb of its heart-deep sob, As lashed by toe merciless waves, Hurled from heaven all titunder-.driven, It leaps from the sea to the caves? Oh! first the note of its piercing cry, As it swells from the vale to the mountain Ligh. Up to the clouds, up to the sky ! 'Tis like the scream of the carrion bird As it soars from its reeking nest, By a single thought and purpose spurred To a sole and single quest; Ploughing the air with its dagger-beak, Piercing the next with its evil shriek, Searching the plain and scouring the peak For the pride of the beautiful best. But have you heard it lowly moan, When, desolate, left on the cliffs alone, It wails to the answering sea? When passion is splent and force is lost, And sadly it sighs for its fury's cost, Like a child at the mother's knee? Does it not then claim kin with us, Like the flowers and birds, and, tw.n with us, Approach the mercy-seat ? Must we not yield to its fond caress, Its happy laughter, its gay address, And forgetting its aspect merciless, Repose at its gentle tfeet ? IW. A. Ccla, 8.--Iow pleasant 'tis to leave the gloom 'that hovers o'er our mighty town, And wander far, 'mid trees and flowre, Across the mountain, plain, ai.d duet To watch the sun career its course Aloing the lovely morning sky; Next listen, while the moruing breezo Iluins forth its soothing lullaby : iuow joyons to repulse from mind The stubborn toil of daily life- Its fitful pain fling from our hearts, An.1 leave behind dull care and strifl.! A Iquet rural life first me, \1 it h all its liberty and rest, To so-cailed pleasures that abound In every town from east to west. 31ETAG RAMS. (Cllhanac the frst letter of It word to form another ii J.--'Twas with a feeling sober, sad, Which cannot be described by ql:~i?1, I noticed many a "' Tourney " lad Vacate the lists which others 1::1. Init, ah ! to-day a feeling worse Shoots in the target of my glee, :For once I was coilcagued in verse With one who has deserted me. We long together plied the pen, And made our ink-sea plsh and Li-s; We trilled the courage of the men, We sang the song of women's bliss; We helped to land the silv'ry moon, We helped first praise the shiv'riL.- sa; Put now my song is out of tune- M1y partner has deserted me. No anger passed, no hasty deed, Or aught that might create offtene; No suords, next seconds d1 we need, Or aught of pugilistic sense ; lIe went, third suddenly, forsooth, I hardly knew that I was free; But these shy rhymes betray the tr:t.-- My partner has deserted me. Yet to his absence I'd have said, Perhaps, a feeble " Never mind," If lie had not, before he fled, Left me an am'rous ode behind- An ode to Betsy What's.her.uaie, To finish which I'm " up a tree ;" I cannot fourth it-who's to blame?- Miy partner has deserted me. :F. W,. A_:. 10.-" Go into the pantry, Diana," My mother to me once did say. " Run, fetch me the first and the spices, And, mind, do not next on the way." But I looked, on my way, out a window, And saw such a nice organ-boy, With uplifted third, train a monkey, The passengers not to annoy. So I gazed, and I laughed at his gestures Till I had a pain in my head, But mother came uip, and I really Don't like to tell all that she said. 11.-So countrified am I, and very pretty, My praises oft are sung in glee and ditty; And should yon change my head, far from the e.:,, Still countrified I'd be, and also pretty. MARIuoN L. TAYrLOi, llirkeudh:: 12.-Ye knights of first, just take a glunce Below these lines, anti see A next that's new unto ye all- Now do not angry ,e ; For I wish to Train a place among Such merry knights as ye. E. W. Eat.ti CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another \\c. '.i 13.-I'm in a sad, sad frame of mind, For I have lost a friend; This friend was of the feline kind- IHe'd seen old age, though lie was blintd (I hope you comprehend). His picture last a nail depends, Enclosed within a frame ; His frame is in the tomb, my friends. His picture's in the room, my friends, Which I alone can claim. I'm in a sad, sad frame of mind, For I have lost a friend. Nay, more than first-of human hind, When shall I consolation find ? Why, when more cons. they've renau.. AtCHliRa U., licutish :otI, ENIGMIA. 14.-Hear me in the trumpet-call, Charge! Advance! IRetreat! Hear me in the concert-hall, In the music sweet. Came I to a lover sad, Sent by lady fair, Raised his spirits, made him glnd- Erstwhile in despair. Sought with eagerness by most, Sent away again; Passing through of hands a host- Blessing or a bane; Often bringing joy and ease- I am one and all of these. ' CENTRAL DELETION. - (Drop a letter from the centre ofa word to form another,) 15.-To make a con. I struggled hard From early morning light (When all my faculties were fresh), Till very late at night. And still I bravely laboured on, Although with aching head, Until my ma took charge next me, And marched me first to ,ed. R. FosTER, Sheffie!d. . .. . . . . . . . . '