IJIDI)LE TOUROTIANIAM NT. pRECE-O¢IEGRUI8S
1, thel lstLttor but oo Cf ,t worid to fore another wora.i I _ liuger round the olden pl:ce \h ere yoU tLand I have met, ear ; Througd Fancy's glass I see your face, And, oh, a keen regret., dear, Has -to en itn iy inruost heart That Fate has cast our lives apart, For miles of land and miles of lse.t Are stretched 'twixt you and lue. I linger round the olden place, And longingly l g.,ze, dear, Throunhlt temory's groves, and plainly trace The halppy byOnIe d:tys, de:'r. Ald listening here, t rough rustling trees, Upon the sitihiung autumn bree.o, I heir the music of your voice; It makes tmy heart rejoice. I linger ronund the olden place Ald heCr youLr vori' reip'at, dear, Iso .in "t or I tst call quite eatlce 'l'it meminories straiigely sw,:et, d ar, f dreamty hours, that could not last, For ldays are r.lliig onward fa-t; But tiue will pruvi ho . s' roun cant be The love 'twixt you anil nt.11 MIA1:Ito A'YLO!, 1t. Ialtntcad, -Andcock, Adcoek, St. . Atcock, l.,s so kindly and so wise, JIiio, v o1 Itt t hat iauny sorrow W\hin your lance in idles lies? Ctail-n., tCoulson, Frederick Couls 'u, \Vcei-b,litved a:,d courteous ktight, Why so' sd: 'nt dto we see you Mlngling in the " Toturney " light ? Gow, Gow, 1),,'id Guw, lias Miss Prscilla 1'. o' l to 'ltl'en yer hairl. by st rn aillce ltn air, sir, Tlhat yo're growni sie ue ,' quatoi ? 3Ir:ltweathers, htIanywcathers, A.:e you dreatlinl 'i alrngel dr(iiintts," Thit yin' re co tse1d to Itlvi ainitac Its o\ttUith dour voice '' that music seems'" Blair, Blair, E-lwd trd Blair, liut. \voit restI: g on yoiur famen ? 1U'I, mua ! fight as in the old time, Add frceh glory to your tIame L. B. Wo\1V.FsraUTIt:r. DI)iUIJLE ACIlO.STICS. s a s; :ta ^!. s a i tI u lt Its, f n . i o ni, or \,rSl. Foutt.laliit Geoies. h!7Tllh lift be said, its p:it hwi:y stern aiil cold, I, ' .:th the rout-treee, 1 w.y thluu-h it be, V:i, re riti's Iflw ry fetter's e'er e fit iid Thi, h,:: u :oil in sweetll captivity, - tle :oil c"Intlnltion never llake it Its ta For s.. cut,'-t, s ti:s illumtle ea:h loving, face, A, d It irs artsl' mit a mctu'ry of the past. lTher , whu bright youttllh's seductive scheolest have fl :, iWh ii. en h!opo's inslpiring voice is mute, ': I1 it'he b I, snoeo the weary wantti'er's !ea l, A,,si'u",a:ts but borne htitt leall Seat fruit, il it c it:, h liav I ll his sorrow-ts ceaset ; Hsia't ',, his d ty-roteaits past and dtone, hi lt ;.t l" it he iutils a bli.anfu.tt: I e . , Sught lul, t. vainly, 'Ieath a1y stranlger stun. C'ross I'or'l. A piece of water'mongtt , the heather, C abi and clear I bis chilly t'enather. R i':,ht iu the sout.h of sunny Spain, 0 ur 'nc'd is fund by the heaviug m..in, S uhllimcly etmpty-ntaught is seeJ, '' hirtl is St-lnty found to meanu. 1 n the gardl I ',f Eden, before she fell, C harmini: ;mAlter ,f all di.l hv,!il. 8. 'FRANKa.xtS AND Gi. 1. Patr. Fotutdalti ,ts Ill'ords. !.-The sun is Iritit. the skies, are fair, The t enle bIreezes waft the smell Of 11 \v' t o s dainty ,.ver(.rvwtoi. , Au i nears i Ie sound of citluing bell ':i o'er r the fields to ears tha wait Its ring of sunitons to lheir til; And footsteps pass at raid rate A tul day begius with brisk tturmoil. hlie doors are closed and bolted fast, i'ho ocelupatlts to needful rest A;i slumner sound retire at last, Obe) iug Nlature's first behest. I1igih in the heavens Luna sails, And sheds her beamns on every hand ; O'er hills and valleys, lmouts lant dales, tle glides along in silence graud. Croes Words. it merry Christnmas-titme I fancy this is le.p ts'i le for many stolen kisses. Leatf of a tree, the tree itself, maybe Cuirtail it ere the answer you wotnhll see. Whe:, o'er us AIorphous has cast Iis spell, iNt follows quickly, 0.s you know full well. Dead to the world she is; each weary day lu ptliretl se antu prayer is passed away. A trli of :tnciett Brt us, I believe, hIn every one sith mid in this light perceive, A nu'tber ri, .is. If you bear in mind, it 'f, ix' tiwelve and tw, nty lies-you soon should find it. Tlh' light" required to finish off this con. EIalbles you a f wl teo gaz,:e p a1t. I. L. JitFCInttSON AND A., AriBitRLEY. Foulndatfioa Words. ;-Iiark! 'Through the sti Iltess of the night The great click boomcth out. "tlow still the air I a .d what a height !" I cry, with joyous shout. Olt. pn:et, look ye to your verse! Oh, writer, hie ye, too, And write your fiction clear attd terse, As none but ye can do. As through the night I hear you boom- 'the maon is on the wane- Ty tatnm:ma coumes into the r ,om With " That's a sigu of rain I" Crois Words. " Oh, first !" my darling sister cried, "To see you eat so gr'eedily Does make me feel ashamed of youn- You vex me so exceedingly ! Aid what an appetite you have! So, next, you are quite naughty. You'll notting la1 from it! " she sild, Then left with manner haughty. S. ox BatEan. CURTAILMENT. '"'p Ito filnal letter of a worit, levinell anlotlter wordl.1 -';,-iy titst is a pretty little town, In Glamorgan it will be found; Now curtail, and you will see What pretty maids should always be. E. HUxT, Kcntington.
INARRATIVE PRECE-OI1EGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to firm another word, exprersed ini the narrnil ti.) 7.-Not a thousand miles from Pekin there resided such a swell, Rjoicing in the coenomen of AL D)ah WVangalo,o, A q liint piece of huntiuirv, who lo-il his bott o well, Detested every m ,rt.l thing his ciii try terii c.l n-w. A pigtail long and pl.ited, hanging half-way d wn his back (Pertaining from a polished sconce, like to a shkating rink), And. fell in loops upon his dress of yellow acid of Il:ck, Of green, and red, and chocolate, and tinted well with pink. A comnlexiou-no ! I would not say 'twas of the fairest fair, And yet I would not say that he was sallow, for the world ; He of the pretty olive's tint hlad t:iken well a share, And showed a touch of vanity by "'stachios" deftly curled. My hero was not lonely--not for Ah Dab WalnIiloo- He'd a reatsuro of a little wife, andl well he knew her worth ; So who c:au wonder that success smiled on tl1is worthy No c.up:e could moire happy be upon this wicked eartil. Now Cr'.,icio Te WT a dViio (lint was thi hsly's name) lYWas onie of l'ekin's d:lughtcrs fair, an 1 in her youngitr days To many shoals of luving Cea:iux the d:tiluel had laid eltiim - In fact, in En;laul wc sliou!ld say :.:e was a Iperfc't crutz :. BDit frciii hor lovier .c v ioui i che chose paer \Vaigalnn, Who ho ed thatli to a Ilctudclarin lie lone day would be rai'edl ; A wili sublime, bat at saime tint: a wi-h bult scarcely But still a wi:,-h --:muliite or nti-and wonlhiy to be praised. War burst in wrath upon the shore of Ab l)a;i's coautry home, And pirates lirce, with tenpared steel, ransacked the lovely phie, And to tlihir dhorvns and j.ulty juniks, hei) Od the surf ianl [fatn, The pir.t'es bore the hli iehohl all with gentilemanly grace. 'Tile rwavrn wept tears of Iitterntis-, the win-l sighed The e.arplet. s ils of tni:ny t'uis hue ; dia ciiy, and so E'en Nature veenied t .'m:lpthi':o wilii th,s ::: now lying And mirds of williiv-paittern plates drooped down their wiris quite low. Now, Al h 'ab 'ualnoo hlie still existed, andl hii life Was carefully lookedl after by the ,irnt i; l 'rew, Whose c ,plain, by the way, bl: rather fancied AL ID).b's wife, And fortlhivith oflfred her his hand and fortunes-not a feiw. But howr e tldl she, Ab D)il's ldear wife, the pirate sultau wed ? The ictiou's quite prlcOtrsteou. You think s.c ? So She thltu'hit it o'er', anil thou, dear, del;ar! the lnu lest l'ilekio s id, " With ycu,'ily 1irate chieftaialu, I will live and I will di." The trade winds bellied out thi e: is, the fifer fifed a And all in ut oni as mnrry c n the c i rv; riazi , il ; AXll s , ilcici the illn ri'llil;' il f lhe t\.'icty-itirt of Julea, They reachled ti rckly iclau'l where the pirates urid to dwcll. "'Tis here we stop," the pirate said. He led his charlninlg wist, I.'i marlcle steps inlaid with gold to coral caves hard iy, With Ab )Dab bringing up thet rear, his iosom torn with st rife, Wond'ring: where dtire it ienicathl so faira form could lie. Years caine and paisseci; wed eo thicuet now, the coral caves, the sands, The ,iriate queetn unto thice cook her orders giving out, With list of all the diintic. deftly poised in both her hands; The cook, all sccapes, and smiles., and smirks, moves tronilh .ely :cbouit. How fare the bo.ld inhabitanits of all this islanl fair ? Quite as happy, I will warrant, as the satndboys well could he, E'en to the cook-this jolly cook. Who is lie ? Why, 1'i sweart That Ab Da):b Wangaloo andl ie are only cue to me. R. L.J Jcitu:cS, London. NARRATIVE DOU BL OIE01B .L LA h. (Cti g th th lio ltst letters oI a word to lIfor. aiother soild in tle lla rialtirv.) 8.-'r-T'in sitting alone in my study, The toils of the ofliice are done, And far o'er the land, wide and woody, The skies are all tinted and ruhlyd; Andil there shines through the pct:cs of my study The rays of the fast-sinking sun. For to-night I am home rather early- Some minutes before miy right time; I bate come from the towu's lihurly-b.irly, From the hustle, andl bosses so surly: I have made my way home rather early With the noble intention to rhyme. But though I have got the intention, The thougihts, and the subjects divine, I may as well candidly meuttini 'Ihat thou :h I have got the intention, I cannot conimrmnd the invention To write down a poetic line. Ob. is it with overhard-working Illy rhymiing has witherei d aitl plined ? Oh. is it with toil aild hairdl-workitng Iy muse is afllic ed with shirking ? 1-or though ln my mind it is luIrking, I c ntuot recall it to minud. So go, words of pathos and feeling, Lie still in your mystical bed; The shades of dim darkness are stealing Across the bare wcells and the ceiling; So go, words of pathos and feeling, I'm blessed if I'll bother my head ! H. A. TArr-on, Birkenhead. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words. formed o' the initial letters of other words.) Fortrdation (Word. 9.-In solving this acrostic, A hint I'll give to you; SWhile guessing what the cross-words are, You'll find the ausver too. Cross Words. Tlis name in the " Tourney" used to be seen; But 'tis a !ong time since there it has been. A riddiler who is both clever and witty, 1le resides son:ewhere in Manchester city. Another riddler, clever actor he ; lnay he in his profession successful be. A smarter ri idler you never have neon; I IIn piroof of iher powers she has beeo styled " rqueen." A femtle riddler's Christian name, In the " Tournameat" she's won great fame. Auother Christian name now see; Her surname des bagin with " B." 3. BIRanELL, Belfast.
DELETION. (Prop a letter from the word chosen. cavinsg mother word.) 10.-Now I have fleshed my maiden sword In this lie wcarfare tontrnncmental, I feel that I must e'en afford A moment to th' kind nud gentle Co.ridldlers who were often raising Th ir voices, and my efforts praising. Ti',' joy of writing here is creat, Aol in it I htavo satisoact ion But how list I my pride relat-', Wlhe-n'er I se . a clever section G rcut the poor eff,,rts of your servant,. VWhi does his best with spirit fervent? To all of them iL "for now IIIv hest of thanks tued warnlest greeting; Aud shall I in your lpresesceo vow To be for ever at this uneoting, 'i;i re, knights and ladies fair assemble, A,.d all who witness fear and tremble ? And nsow, to Nellie Watson, I Would say once more, " Be blithe and cheer- fill ;" It cost tme first a sob and sigh To know she had been Cad anid tearful And think ing that shel had detected A shl im to which she'd been suhlijected. 3iut I will set her mind at rest, Aud hope she'll lose her mciuchoili.y ; Sii;l do her very clever host, T,s lid once more that lagghi,:e jo'ly G i 1.1 iddher who is ever plea-.ig, And praise of her good work isncrea:insi. Now to the greatest one of aill I how tle isioc and homnlaeo render; St.raightwvy will I obey the call Andl hInssir andl ohl y the snsd r, Who Ia le me go on li- itlg never; And so I still amt hlrs for laer, Ivxeusr, Belfast. NARRATIVE MIETA-OMIEGRA,1V. (ClhRtage the lirst il 1 la i. ltters of It word to fioria an0oh0ir Worsl cx'sressell in tie nan't liv.l ) 11.--I wait for in.epiration, until in desperation I have an inls:in, sti-t: to seek refuge in a poml, Anld a sort of alb:crrlatlon to make an abbrevi ,t ion To mIy life's respiration when I hapien to Idesponld. I onc no-ide a declarat ion, to cmy landlord's const csernation, T'l-it l'd s-sk liquidation in a laike and end my lift Buitl upo this infs rmation there wais a conglomir:': lot Of the languages' of this 1atiou from my landlord's S-tillye wife. And in fltry indigs'stion she re5ceslet this separation, And inflicts ac set su:t isn ,ilth i brts-ss)ssti-c"k Oit msy head, Bent upon mily spill;eati i(,i Ichey give use cst- ificatiou, Say ing I'll rce-'ic,' cret in ti wh ui I'm dead. I imado ,in snillica io, thatt i hy'desl ote their mlnchliniation, A lso the depiredltaion from ly dark ns d it twin, hair, Atd it was my xp se'tatis that in their civiiizationt They'd think of thecir casisatgtioll I had had imy proper shere. So I lade neIotiitin lihat received their applroba.tion That a great jolliliC:ition vwe0 would (have, and I would live; They rece veil tlis Intilnsti,.n. and I forkCle upa dnlatsini , And the r:est--h, botlieratsun! ay mIoIre 1'd1 mieer surlive. n. W,'. ANtunilwis. NARR.\TIVE I)UAGIiAM. (('I15 111 tl.et i cii.t ti. sle is's t f a isi 1 1 i .1 1 t1 ts ll0ths r w rd, eC- pl:c,, id 1n 11,c ll i' I\ . 12.--lurrahl for t o "Tourntey"! On, on, my good steed! For tlh re's ms.:sny a lli:.'lht in this comlbat sls;l Ifeed. Visor doswn i th., list=, I will fight for the (qucca With at f-rv uir I vesskon not tos, often s.--s.u. 1'repalrr, Sqcuirt' Iso:d. for my chailenge is goodl, And I'll train you to isisht, in the aiitnter yoU shoult-l. Youit, too, Iajor lst Il:,r, of jol!y Wood Green, I trust you will ighit in Ilhe ctiuse of the qu'een. ily gaitllt et is (1sIns in the face of J,-Kitsg. And I trust for Miss Taylor your lmiet.tl will c ring. G. iwyni', for tri Ainy, will fight to lth deiath If. A. T.ylhr, for seilie, will yihtl his last breath. '1'. Roystoni is ehat ' n til to join with tihle restl., That th '" I ',.ur.y " may ring with ithe migllhty contest. ] suight Jssuan's ri I I-i ir'c'S ahb'c.ly disilat (d, And a hand tIo his slice' hit already hal liid; 1li-s mott-o on shield is the " Red Lion ltonsst And the Editor's cause, and the queen's, he'd: espouse. JUAN. DUAGIlAM. (Chantse the first two letters of a wor I to fo-lm n't lither wordi . 13.-i've nothing much to do to-night Bits sit and smoke, and be content, So I will try if I cans wrste A rilsdl to the " Tournament " There's lots of ink, and tpa, -r, too; 1But, dash it all, the pen has gone It's just the way-what .shall I do ? The very thing-I'll borrow one ! SBunhatwht am I to fiir about. ? Is now the question I would ask. Of subjects I am Last run out, So I had beltier leave the task. But soon I'll try my hand again, And give you sch a starting " con.;" I can't say what it will contain. Ta ta-i'll see you later on. Stn JottN CIIEULET. NARRATIVE TRIO'RIRAMS. Ctisatugc the first three , tters of a w'td to eforme another word, expr as d iu tim narratlie.) 11.-A crusty bachelor is our theme, A fruitful one of late; This cynic s ys hlie hates to see Us masidcns lie in wait At auction rotmts, and all such shops; Tic- nicest then look queer, Thesir fac's are so for-bLlllita, They waut things cheap, not dear. Now, when we hear such talk as this, We can but pout and frwnI; In fact, t-o use a: auction phrase, We'd like to ksnock hist down. Eist that is most unchristian.lik, And-hear us every one- 'We only ,sel those words.above To perpetrate a pun ! Ant DENNY AND EL.eCO:A lRUSSELL, 15.-A witty answer will turu away wratIh, As we will prove to ySon; No d-,nlbt you think it a ciretlar saw Rnolltlrl to suit ts anew. In the mnidst of an anti-slavery speech, Charles Burleigh was struck in thle f-co With several eggs thltt were rotten right through- All thrown by the scamps of die lace. In quite good.humour, to this effect, IHe " turned thie tables" all round: " I always thourht the arguments used In slavery's favonr-iunssutdl '" . DENON AND AnRCsER B. CHIAIRADE. (Formed on a wi rd scuci i sylhtl' le of which s is I, 'ser-.. 16.--A c.,stly mcetal for first please finld, A w:arLike wceapon now place clbehisd; MIy uel, a hero whose deeds yoea'll see 1Were once extolled in the I'. '. P. lhta's.\trA.
TRANSPOSITION. (Trniltpose the letters 11 ai wor I to form another word.l 17.-" I know not what it is to love," Laughed a maid; "'Of being cau'eht in Cupid's net I'm not. as aid." But, in thll sulltmer some ono calme That set her little heart allaine. He came and saw her by a brook, But did not star; And of that little h, art he took A part away: Fair Cupid, with his heart of sto:e, Smiled when he ahIt r grieve alone. With eager footstoes, to that place He comes agil ; Aht! then the smiles 'ilit up her face And banish pai; They meet with joy, ani! i t with dread, So tender were the \'.rds he said. Within a grove offir.L t they stand; Thi captured dr,,\ Is nmurmiuring, as lie It hi's her hand, " Can this b+ loue ? ' When Cupid hears wh:,t livers say, liH gives a last, and lths away. LA MrsrEREt. DECAP'ITA'l'IONS. (l 1'., the first letter of "i wor. ha':1 .u wothor or'd.) 18.-Why is it you are sad to-day ? I pry you, friend, hit tell me W'hy on your brow that c!ound ohIih ,taiv ? Whiat, Irti your cheeks hais chse I way That old-timei smile ? Now, lido I't laiy, But, prithee, friend, do tell le,. VWhy do you scowl andti threcat. :,i, g stare? 1 pray yiu, friend, niw itll In,. 'Your troubled face and rull,. I hair Are sights to me so lemw ,.ii lrre: Aun expla.iatiot:, free and fair, I prthce, frihid, do tIl Mi . - You wish to li,', why I am s i ? My friend, I now will teIl yii. A disvepciniittuutit 1 hali:. hal - ~I'is e'en ,nt u:ll h to dlr'ive i21.,n IH,. ; 1'Tre wit .tl is, treat in;g i o b.i" so 1 grivet to havto th. ll t on. You asik me whatt is on II sit Sli Tit fritnd, I l-t will t 11 yiu. A lhider l ci' e oa l n'i"r t i e ii: I twr te .. lc ni.- asilitis', 1oltl Alp, ! I fti d it is d,' liiu,t,, 1 grieve to Is he to tell oin. . \V. A.in:'E: 's a_;n I:. N;. Hlrk :I s. 1l.-Simnpleton Jack, hnap-aIk onl his la Ik, W'dnt trud ing f'rm homo'neath an ilI It was broiling; Said Jack, " I will just take i a nap on miy back, For the sun uty colomp'o:iont is spodinig." Quoth a tramp, "' IHa, hollo! ladt is Simpleton Jack; 1'll take up the hunpeack nulld cetinne my track." ,aid Jack, when lie wtvke," 1. iO. t oil eari is thlt sa:lk V Why, during my unp it's been 1 osed from o y back 1 M 'iy journer is entded,"'' raid Shnpioetuii Jack. 'Tis nito ist at present Io tok toir I:y sLk ; I'll ntt get it hck, so I'd b..t i r put b :ek. It will serve for a iw:r-nig" to S. i, "n , 1iek." 11i. Cox, It:rkenheald. ENI IUAS. Il0.-In every householl I 1n fomnd, My daily a-e you all adimit; ]hrtht,.t wh, re plenty ,h:h :d,,u 1. 1's; plrz',d wheire lpoverty ,'th : it. C tlnfort I give. Sinme wa.rhip m, Al I sime for want of tie wil shiler; lid iii in id-earth I tlind itit'y be, Anll e'cl in steaIuboat- on the veCr. My presence is felt evirywhere, ltar.uMess or terrib.e im I ; Sulelillles to bralve i1e fetw will dare, Anon towards mte many tly. At midnight in the crowlde' street SIllen arises sore distress ; I:1rk ! the quick tramip of Iurri it"-' fet't I Fe'ar-drivein, I1ttet towIardls l pr)cS. Across wile prairies i I have r, I, I t\hen nonle coull chlecik :iy 'swfit careecr; The tombre forsi t i shtone hlike tTl. lidd.hng m-nu know that I v'wa- ae:ar. III Il Unlle Ciitt'ige home ait cv,', While lanashing children r'' ond ie pt'ay, 1)Dreamers will peaceful Ifancies wcave,' lncited by Illy bosom gay. Manl n A. 21.-1'nt ill whene'er you s'o me up, I'm out when I at hlown ; 1'm1 in and ot all day aml night, I'ni never seen ill toi\;ii. 'You come to see tite onie a year, Yon like my rol;iniz nlo:iul ; I neover stop tor any intit, If on or oilff the ocean. G. WV. -IAJEnar. LOGOG I Pit. (A word which mnay be trrlteid in a mI ta'oramtt ,oalc, ap itatI Mn, ,:te la- ietoll.alnl tanllPotislu;lt I, l, Iut icves:L P erlfect word after eCn il ODeicrltioln.) 22.-M-Iy 'cholc's a word of letters five, Its meaning large, if inuch extent; Behead, transpose, you'll have a kind Of tax implosed by Government. Transpose again, and you will see A w.e'.e that in the, ciornfield growvs; Cortail, you have a kind of pitch ; Reverse now. and the word soon showsv An animal that's ofteu seen, 'Tis small, and runs exceeding faitt; Well, nsow, you must again beheadl-- A preposition is my hut. CAROLINE HO:.LOWTr.