I pLE TOUJ3JNAMENI M1 -2TAGRAMS.
aChgea the fl& letter if ii re so zd Iorm anotter worn., -Ce iiss Dolly's excited. i- hoTow she goes to St. Donnigan's Fair; ig !o iss Delly's delighted. seah°lebody, suree, wil be meeting her there! od ' for the dresses and curling of tresses, nd for the conquest of niumerou-i !,aux! nhrr and sa rryry such fluster std flurry, Such glacig atmirrors with heart light and gay, Ily they sy, is a flirt, by the w eoy, YOm tihe top of her head to the tip ot her toes 1 ei ho! there's music and laughter, hefrt's of the ball-room are thrown open wide, n ieh! there's sorrow just after- Another young maid is by somebody's side. Ad Doly, rebelling, is inwardly telling ier heart not to fret-other lovers she had I laces reliance in looks of defiance ht loebody's partner who waltzes supreme, bsoYe lovely eyes seem to sparkle and gleam, Ikhen passing last Dolly, downhearted and sad I feigho! away with all sorrow, lies Dolly is strolling by somebody's side, eig,-ol be came on the morrow, AI d Dolly has promised to be his fair bride. And, oh! hou hIe teases, yet somehow he pleases, And Diolly has smiles and a dozen to spare, Forlife's full of pleasure and oy without measure, For wilful iss Dolly is wifu no more. And vows by the score are pledged o'er and o'er, iad that's the result of St. Donnigan's Fair ! MARImo Terazon,. Birkenhead. ;_-Imust give up my norm de pluttn:, Although I've cherished it for long, Rather than throw into such gloom The peerless queen of riddling song; l'd give up all that I possess, And think it in the cause well spent, Sirs I relieve from such distress The queen of riddling "Tournament." I must give up my nom de plume, Though it is very dear to me- Dear as the summer's dazzling bloom- Dear as the earth, and sky, and sea; But when I'm called upon by her In whom is wit and talent blent, To soothe the woes I'd minister 0f riddling queen of " Tournament." I must giva up my noen do plume- Give up what hides my molest name, And to the deep oblivion doom The one I hoped last bring we fame. It rends say heart to think of it, And yet, to do it I'm content, If closer to us all 'twill knit The clever queen of " Tournament." Itunust give up my nora de plunme; And I wdill do it, too, if all Who did fdititions names assume Wilt straight obey the queuenly call. And so I'll bid my name good-bye As one whose work is well-nigh done; To put it from my mind I'll try, And promptly choose another one. IvA:nsIe, Belfast. 3,-Readers, be kind, Mly first now find, In Louldo great numbers you'll sight; Now please change head, lily 7nezt instead Inns about in my first at night. HIAWATHA. 4.-An animal find for first, 'Tis mischievous you'll own; Change head, and you will see A rtddler of renown. C. PnOWLEs, Southampton. S,-Is you will find a beverage, And then will change its head, A very graceful animal You'll find you have instead. NEmESIS. ENIGMAS. i.-I'm a very great artist, forsooth, And I sketch with all possible truth; SIsketch, and I paint, and portray Ina very remarkable way. In landscape, in figure marine, I paint what they are, and have been; I have not a brush, nor a board, Such contemptible things are ignored; Por I feel, and can hear, and can see, So who do you think I can be ? H. Cox, Birkenhead. ated 1,y gentle winds from sunny shores, from the frozen regions near the pole, I come, foreign battlefields 'midst cannon's roars eoolheanl and hands I am sent to those at home. Welcomes me not at my journey's end ? ow.ts not for me with eager, anxious longing ? and poor alike I am a friend, ghost I'm right, sometimesI'm wilfully wronging; -htning speed through land and water I travel, ewhat I am I leave you to unravel. W. A. LAneGSTON. -The sun when going down to rest Some painter's name doth bring to mind; Now, riddlers all, pray try your best This painter's name to rightly find. iat when at noonday bright it shines, had with ihe glory makes us blink, tcalls to mind our great divines. Now which one ? All pray try and think. R EJETON. 9.--I ,.lack and green; osed every day; Is often seen Upon a tray. G. W, HAYrIA,. DOUBLE ACQ STIC. allttere, as well at the initi ls. form a word, or words ) S soundation Words. -, Tiddlers, guesi myiptimals right- h'o tell you 'twas a samos fight ; Should you succeed, you Yill have shown A bttle where finals was oterthrown. rb Ciroa s Words.s ed t s an article used in wiar ;: 'm certain you've heard of it before. For my second you must fid ' onster of the serpent kind. This you go for, I dazesay,h hen you have a holiday- Thisis a most mysterious'souni hlchl almost everywhere may a found. po you surely know what I am- mjust the opposite of shnam. il is a"word which means o tear; otyou9 more woild Ge hardi fair. The of aprovince ieowpileqbo take; ) te.soa Pretty Cantedianu luke . A ldit is u star in the southearn1 skyl oaw, my riddlingfr~hieni0 "bodt. e .
DU AGRADIS. ...,e the first two letters of a word to forteem another word.) 11.--Sweet and low, sweet and low, Oh. ii.t how the autumn winds blow I Over the primal and over the lea, Bringing a vision to Ume Of the goldeu-hued days in the long, long ago Wheu lny heart was so joyous and free. Grasoses wave, cras'es wave Uver the suolmner Ilower's grave! Chilihood's ourmbition s, a summer-blown store, T houghts, L.hus and fancius are o'er. All tihe sweet pll.tisures its iunnocence gave, Say, are they gone evermore ? Coime again, come again, O gentle-voiced brenze and soft rain! Summer is over and winter is nigh, Neat dim the blue of the sky~, Bring me the comforting olden refrain, Time changctlh, but nothing can dlie. IARXION AND Any. 12.-0 Queen of the " Tourney," 'twas with great distress That I read your confession of woe; And I thought to myself that I could not do less Thran to write and it once let you know Tihe reason w:tenever I write to the " T." A per-namne I always asosurlie; And perhaps, when you read this, you will at once see \Vhy I've taken this strange oout de pLntme. So plean.o first intently if you'd like to know, And I'll just tell youi the reason why : If I signed my true iaue to my riddles, I trow You would all then be as wise as I. So .nou see I've a good cause for hiding my name From the gaze of tech " Tourney" atdmirer; An1d 1 hope afteor this yon'll see fit not to blame Your lust humble iknight, CA IRA. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word., irlaving another word, expressed ill Lh ii ilnrrtrivt e. 13.-Oh, Fortune, you vixen, your physics you're mixin' On us helpless mortals to sblower; I wish we had kuowledlge from school or from college To distinguish the sweet from the sour. Some people, most funny, your magic term "honey "- Such people ne'er miet with t heir share Of that which is sourest, murch like the gay tourist Who meets but the swcetest :ond fair'. You give unto umany a mystical penuy, And then quite adrift thley are hliiled, Whose dealings most plucky you make very lucky, Though they in Life's temipeet be whirle I. To soije you are "skinny ;" like tribes of the finny That oct from our clutchles escape, Our laan:ies you tiri::lr, then falsaly and fickle You leave us to imimic the ape. Your gu ill-s are most hollow--thie pills we must swallow; Your" medicines b tter and -vweet But serve to runoile oulr spirits in trouble, And mlake us unltrL '" we and discreet." I've a the ,ry frightfil, , yet somehow delightful- The iuritate t rtell yiu I lick; But whliisper-'ti; this: " It i- my belief, miss, That you're all itinerant ' quo wk '" V. L. TAYLOR, \Varrington. 14.-You'll remember, 0 my darling On that evening long ago, How \re sat within your parlour By the firelight's ruddy glow. We spoke of love and happiness With never a thought of care, Till the footstep of your father Softly fell upon the stair. You'll remnember, 0 my darling, How I left you all alone, And the race of your dear father WVhen he found the bird had flown; 1iYhile the bitter words he uttered Told as plain as plaiu could be, It was best lor tme to leave you, Best for you and best for me ! You'll remember, O my darling, How he swore my lite to take, And how now he keeps a weapon Near tile doorway, for my sake. Therefore, dearest, 'tis far better That I enter not; but, oh ! Mind you think of me and love moe, As you did once long ago ! LEIGII AND ROYSTON. 15.-A chat and a joke with a friend, and a smoke Is a joy, though it lasts not for ever; And whatte'er prudes may say, be it gloomy or gay, Its charm will depart from us never. Said my friend, with a laugh, in the spirit of chaff, " So I'm greeting a foeman of dancing? Your cause is unjust, sir'; and tell you I must, sir, 'Tis a pleasure that needs no enhancing." " With you I agree." I replied, "but, you see, It is very averse to one's ' rigging;' I like a good dance, but 'tis seen at a glance That the dance of to-day is but 'jigging.'" "You may say as you will, and I'll swallow each pill," Said my friend, with a jeer that did vex; " But until I death see, and am 'rigged' out for Lethe, I shall wop with the (h)opposite sex." J. C. DRENON AND V. D. TAYLOR. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.i 16.-Beyond the town, far from its toil and bustling, To taste the unpolluted air once more, Which rushes through the trees and sets them rustling, And stirs the wavelets of the grassy shore. How changed the fe'sf! In one short hour of travelling To frisk and frolic on the moorland brown ; The skein of thought it sets my mind unravelling Beyond the town. Beyond the town the ]ark seems doubly cheerful- His song is born of freedom, not the cage; The meek and modest cattle eye me tearful, As if they pitied half the poet's "rage." And strolling on, I. eel that I am nearer To where the torrent is last rushing down; Oh, life to me is earnest-life is dearer Beyond the town. Beyond the town a greater deep attraction Awaits me in the form of her I love; No vain, proud maid to drive me to distraction, No angel creature dropped from realms above: She's just a girl-a modest sympathizer; What care 1 though her eyes be black or brown P I only know she'll be my life's adviser Beyond the town. T., CArENTsr, Clapton, 17.--1've spent my holidays this year At such a quaint old farm, Deep iu the hills of Deyonshire, Where life passed like Ra charm. Old Farmer Bull is just the man To live in Euglish first, And\leave dull Care and all her clan To do her best and worst. On home-made bread and cooling last, Dear, haveu' t I grown fat I liy head ihas swelled so that I've east Aside my last new hAt I TERESA CA~ErHORNE,
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavinieanother word.) 18.-I am an old maid, and my story I sing; I'm sure all the world with your pity will ring. I loved him-oh, how deeply none can tell!- And thought my love right be reciprocated; My heart withis his keeping wholly fell- To him at eve my vows I first related. He was my life, my soul, my all in all- My every hope on earth in him seemed blended; And yet at times my sweetest tones would fall On heedless ears, and every hope seemed ended. At last a fever came and seized my dearest- In anguished pain I watched him droop and die; And soon the latest, and by far the nearest Next all my earthly friends lay buried tigh. Yet still his recollection ne'er will vanish, And often bitter tears my eyelids clog; I cannot-do not-wish his form to banish. For, oh, I loved--my darling puppy-dog ! F. G. WEDu, Southwark. 19,-Well, 'pon my word, this is too bhad- i've stuck lip half the night, sir; And last 1've first till aill is linte (What: this meanus I don't know-do you ?), A single senteue--oh, how sad!- I can't indite, sir. Why Madame Muse should be so hard Is more thanu I can say, sir; "Amuises her," no doubt you'll say (Away, vile pun-away, away); For -ite I try to be a bard, She answers, " Nay, sir." R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. 20.-A woman so pretty and kind I know bears this namo; Read backwards and still you will find It ysit is the same. Curtail, and a name will remain- One borhnie by her mother; 'Tie odd, yet this last, people claim, Is tihe same-not another. MADEIr.A. 21.-In me is found what artists are always using; Curtailed, I am what we are always abusing. SAmis. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of It word. Ileaving another word.) 22.-Midnight has come. Stillness reigns supreme, Toil rests its weary, aching head; And as I gaze upon the beauteous scene, It seems all else than Nature's dead. I look around with anxious thirst, But in vain; I find I am my firt.. 'Tis then my thoughlts fly to the past, And my lile passes in review; Each hour of solitude fleeing fast D)euotes my youth is passing too. Regrets for time wasted come unreckoned, And brings me knowledge that L'm secont. As morn comes with its glittering train, Hope fills my sorrowing heart, Joy and life's pleasutres return again, And bid sorrow to depart. 'Tis then I pray, and am surely heard, For above all this reign, the Great 'l'hird. F. MonLEY, Camden Town. 23.-I offer you a kind of cloth; if you cut off its head A kinld of useless, noxious herb Will then remain instead. LIoNUM. 2I.-" Look first," cried the grey old minstrel, " And give them a tune on your last; 'Tis time we resumed our journey, For the hour of noon is now past." TEB, Manchester. 25.-To the barber's I did go; " Give me a first," I cried. "Now, if you cut my second, For last I'll go outside." CRUTCH. CHARAADES. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 26.-A band of stern-faced warriors, The bravest in all the land, Stand silent on the village first, A smart and a stalwart baud. As moveless they stand as statues, For all the sweltering heat; Not one sound breaks through the silence, Save the tramp of passing feet, Until with startline suddenness There bursts in upon the ear A loud, long blast ft om my second- Ah, foemen, ye shrink with fear! For it spurs the men to action, And it thrills their every nerve; Such valiant-hearted men as they Will never from danger swerve. My whole is an awkward creature, With a mind unwarped by guile, Whose queer mistakes and uncouth gait Make every one slyly smile. He belongs to the yenus (ihomo- Some say he is counv'y bred, And others scruple not to swear He's slightly touched in the head. L. B. WOLFSTRUTHER. 27.-I saw my first crawl round the next Of a certain sweet receptacle. Had,business thero ? He'd no pretext; And now behold the spectacle I First's tumbled in, and there he sticks Through venturing on the final; Now punished for his thievish tricks Is my predatory p'riutl4. Mly whoale is found n P'addy's land, A town that few surpasses: A welcome true, just uaderstand, You'll get from lads and lasses. BYJA MERIT. 28.-My first is an Irish town; My second is a measure; My whole is a riddler's name, Whose cons. we read with pleasure. W. CANaINo, Belfast. ANAGRAMS ON SHAKESPEARIAN CHARACTERS. 29,-1 thought that it would be the last ere this, Or really I should not have waited, sis. A mile I do not care to walk at present, Especially as the weather's far from pleasant. Just pull the cord as tight as you are able; It thus wid save me rising from the table. Like Richard, I was just about to say, " My soeal's in arms, and eager for the fray." When uncle Ted returned, he gave ae these That he had brought from far across the seas, I don't cae. le it Saturday or Sunday, Although I'd rather go upon the Monday. J. A. MassraLL, Southwark. CONUNDRUIM. 80.-I've a riddle now to ask you Which you will guess with easer When was Nelson like a needle P The answer, if you please. F. PiILLIPS, Mottingham.
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 31.--The theme of all the poets, from the first Faint -lawn of poesy's divine, entrancing strain, O'et whloluiug some, like the fierce raiung hirst Of siome poor traveller through the desert plain; Alnd yet to others like a fair sweet dlream, Unending in its glory and its bliss; Their hopes are crowned, their life's delights all seem Wrapped in the charm of thy first hallowed kiss. First lW'srid. He sings in stirring straius of bygone days When maidens to their knights were leat and true, Anon, by thrilling, fascinating lays, Each mind and energy he will renew. Again, in laughter-loving mirth, he'll sing About the fate of some poor love-sick swain Until each chord within us seems to ring With the gay gladness of his blithe refrain. Second lW)ord. How rightly named, the garden of our land i The sweetest gem in Anglaud's loveliness; So fair each varied scene-on every hand We view fresh beauty. Who could love thee less P When thou must be of Paradise a spring, Whose natural splendour none would dare demean; Whose praises we would always gladly sing, And bid thee in thy beauty reign supreme. NELLIE WArnO:N. Cheshunt. META.O 1EGIA MS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form anotlher word.) 32.-M- y primal, I can safely say, Is used by people every day. My iecond, too, you will not doubt, We'd feid it hard to do without. So gaily o'er the waters blue Miy third goes sailing swift and true. This is the point to which we strain When any prize we would obtain. An animal my fifth will show; When roused, it makes it dang'rous foe. A certain means you here will trace By which we go from p'ice to pace. C. 1'. iAtl:a:., Wood Green. 33.-In the "Tournament" primal you always can see, For 'tis in that place that I know they will be- P'r'aps you've found now the word that I meanu; Thea change by the rule-up above you're told how- 'Tis a fact that you have given lite to it now, For a serpent quite plainly is seen. Now cut off his head, and then cat off his tail, And to give him some new ones you please must not fail; 'Pluhn a quadruped still will he be. Now, if you the process repeat just once more, You'll think he is dead, but hle's not, I am sure, But living, yes, yet will he be. CAIo, Tottenham. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same. ex- pressed in the narrative.) 34.-If the town of Cremona is famous for fildis, The mountains of "Cou "-naught Should inspir' goodl riddles. We've no bards in Counnaughut, Though one lihils from Munster- I refer to Fitzgerald, Not " O'Dreuon," the punster, Who cracks dreadful jokes in This time-honoured page, And draws countless groans from Each horrified sage. E. Waan. TRIO GRA M. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word.) 35.-" What roof covers a noisy tenant ?" An Irishnlau first his lass; Bejaubers she could not answer that, So prayed dear Pat to let her pass. " .ot till I tell 'tis the roof of the mouth That's next by the lass that lives in the south." COLONNA O'D. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 36.-My whole may be given with letters five, And from it our young folks may derive A benefit they despise. Reversed-if mislaid-our actors go mad, And fiddlers are taken awfully bad, And protest forld-wise. MIARIE ZaIMMERMAN. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 37.-A part of the human body- 'Tis spelt with letters three; Reverse it, and you'll find The same 'twill surely be. II. CARTER. SQUARE WORDS. 38.-In first you will observe a kind of fish ; Though small, it makes a tolerable dish. Look on your kitchen dresser; I declare You generally see a second there. An implement that barbers know full well; About the same I can no further tell. I let the mirror fall upon the floor, And what was left were these, and uothing more. I always strive to make my puzzlos this, Although I fear they're vary much amiss. SAILoR K~I~Tr, Southwark.