RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-Ye merry lads and lasses of our "Tournament " so Once more I bow before you, as I greet you all to-day. There's Biustead greets me kindly with a condescending sri e., Who primal wins approval by his fascinating style. Ah. Coulson-clever Coulson-dear old fellow, how are you ? I know to me you try to be a trusty friend and true ; And smiling Adeock, too, Isee, of riddling bards the best, Who never writes one word to wound, though many a harmless jest. There's Price, De Bear, and Preston, Noe Naime, Collier, and G. Troy, Geran, M'Coll, and Sharman, too I I greet you all with joy ! And others stand near by, a band far more than I could name, And all prove incontestably they're on the path to fame. Ah, rue ! Dear i dear I Excuse me, gentle riddling ladies, pray, I must apologize to you for my neglect to-day: I've spoken of the gentlemen, and even had a chat, Yet ne'er addressed a word to you-whatever am I at ? I'm pleased to see you've joined our band, Miss Eveline C. Gray, And look for flowers from your pen in Young Folks many 8 a day; Miss Marion Taylor, riddling queen, I'm 'raptured to behold Your beaming face, which smiles on all as in the days 4 old. Miss Amy Boehmer, Nellie C., and Lottie W., I'm very g:_d to see you, for you're riddling ladies truer Let, gentlemen and ladies, contributions ne'er run short. But one and all, at our Ed.'s call, our " Tournament" A support. Ne'er let our Editor again for riddles have to ask, A But sit ye down and write him, some, and glory in the task ; Then will our Young Folks flourish, and its fame ne'er fade away. And, hoping you'll do as I ask, I second say " Good day !" V J. P. IIAIaLINIGTON. DELETION.. 2-Riddling friends, I come before you, but I will not S keel) you long. To the ladies of the " Tourney" a few words I have to say, Beti I'm sure you all will listen when y3a first my little song Is about Miss Eveliue Gray. And I want dear Nellie, Amy, and Diana R.O'D., V To uphold me and assist me as I sing my humble lay, For I know that in the future we shall very surely see A true friend in Eveline Gray. So we'll raise our joyful voices, and we'll' take next by E the hand, As we thank her for the compliments sheonce to us did pny. And we'll bear a loving welcome from our happy little T band To our friend, dear Eveline Gray. She reminds me of our Qaeenie, who in days of long ago, 9. Oft delighted all her readers with the pretty things she'd say; S -nd. a secoud little Queenie by-and-bye we'r1find, I know, In our clever Eveline Gray. Jnet another thing I'll mention for my spaae is growing small. It is this: That I look forward to a swiftly-coming day W-aen we'll sneak in tones triumphant of a lady, and we'll call Her our own dear Eveline Gray. ManRoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CENTRAL DELETION. 3 -In the merry first of roses, When the golden daylight closes, And each flower in sleep reposes Far beneath the starry sky. A When the lovely moon is shining, O'er each bough and branch entwining, Tinting leaves with silver lining, Many a last goes flitting by. HORACE W., Brighton. BETAGRAM. 4.-P'r'aps you've heard of Peter Brown ? That's the name your servant owns. Used to dwell at Cam en Town With one, Mrs. Julep Jones. Well, I merely wished to state That to hope for peace is vain; 'Tis the irony of Fate, I am in for it again. In the days when I was small, If a pane of glass got smashed By a stone or cricket ball, I was always soundly thrashed. When an apple tree was stripped, When the pump was battered down, They immediately whipped Wretched, ill-used Peter Brown. When the kitchen flue caught fire, When the bell by boys was rung, My great aunt, in accents dire, Prophesied that I'd be hung! And perhaps 'tis first to say That my peace on earth is o'er; But my hair is turning grey- I am in for it once more ! This is how it was: Last night, Strolling down the Strand, I spied My old chum, M'Noodle White, Walking on the other side. So I called him, waving then lMy umbrella up and down, And nineteen cabs and nineteen men Came and stopped for Peter Brown I That is why I next despair. Oh, whatever's to be done I Forthey're all prepared to swear That I hired them every one. Nineteen summonses I've got; Aud if you should hear in town Some one's been and drowned or shot Himself, conclude it's Peter Brown. F. R. CoUnsoN. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 5.-Sir Hubert rose with morning light, And quickly donned his armour bright; Then, mounted on his gallant steed, He rode away across the mead. Hour after hour he journeyed on, Until the day was nearly gone; When passing by a clump of trees, A cry lor help rang on the breeze. Sir Itupert drew his trusty blade, As towards the spot his way be made; He found, within a narrow glen, A knight beset by armed men. Sir Hubert dealt a mighty blow, Which laid one of the ruffians low; The others, filled with sudden fright, Did mount their steeds and take to flight. ImPraIATRa. CHARADE. 6.-We'd a picnic by the primal, very pleasant; There was Mary, there was Simon,there was Kate. The latter lived, I think, in Cambridge Crescent- It matters not; with joy we were elate. The nert of Mr. Pawkins was there also, A very jovial fellow he is, too. Then in the evening we went to a ball, so Jolly we were all the evening through. We then went off to Yarmouth for a ofetal, And there a very merry tiu e did spend; We often lihad a sil, too, in a boat. All Were sorry when that month came to an end. J. A. G. IAnsRl5rAL.
ROTATION CHANGE. 7.-Pray, in what metre shall I sing A merry little song ? I will nut make it very short, Nor will I make it long. It is about a maiden fair, Who, very strange to say, Got mixed up with another in A funny sort of way. Now this merry little maiden, With first so passing fair, Her eyes were blue, a tender hue, And chestnut brown her hair. To see a next 1 took her, It was a last you'll say, When I tell you from her lover I had taken her away. Into a cafd then we went, And lunched oilff third and wine. I clasp d her fondly in my arms, And longed to call her mine ; When lo ! a knocking came. and she Cried, " Fourth and ope the door !" When I obeyed I found myself Full length upon the floor. Now, readers who would happy be, Take warning at my fate, And do not wo anuother's love, E'en though her charms be great. BESlIE JENxKIS. BETAGRAM. 8.-His fate is sealed. A captive to those yelling fiends around, He's now led forth, his face all first, his hands and feet fast bound. Ah, see his wild, despairing gaze, his deep, mrte agony, That heaving chest by death oppressed-a touching thing to fee ! He casts a farewell look towards the blue and conudless sky, And as he gazes round him he can scarce repress acry; He sees a third of wood, while second's in the centre raised. A, shudder shook his stalwart form as at the third he gazed. But hark! thoss shouts! He's broke away from his astonished guard; With yell and suaout each warrior to catch him's trying hard. Oh, what a sounding thwack ! He's down ! alas ! I fa me, dead ! Knocked lifeless by a playful blow upon his curly head, But, notI' he jusmpe up once again. Crash! with a sicken. ing thud He fall once more, his poor black face all covered wit,:. his blood. They bind him to the next, and are about to fire thru. third,. WheL, bang! a shot by all that host of startled blacks i. heard.. 'Tis Crusoe come tovtve-! Heecuts the cords; through fire and smoke He drags poor Friday off, and then-- Well, then, sirs, I awoke. 'Twas but a dream; I'd been asleep quite cosy all the time. This comes-oft hearty suppers and a pretty pantomime ' GEIHT rROl. METAGRAM. 9.-Master-Browne was slowly creeping past John Ben- nett's fitmous clock; Soundly was the City sleeping till tha crowing of the ' ock. Down the street of Leadenhall he travelled on to Aldgnte Pump (Where, on. meeting with a fall, he raised an intellectual bump)). Through Whitechapel first he totter till he reached his native soil, And within his-mansion get a lamp wherein the midnight oil Burned dimly, feebly, sadly, burned d In farthing dip ; Here he seized his goosequil madly, with a strong, can. vulsive grip I Hours have passed, and morning quickly breaketh on the poet's eyes, As he rises pale and sickly, but with many thankful sighs ; For the lay is done, is ended-he has wrenched it from his mind. " Oh," he howls, "how truly splendid, now its written out and signed !" " Signed!" an echo answered, jeering. Bnckward sing. gered Master Browne. " Signed !" again assails his hearing. " Is it, truly, all your own ?" Then the poet last his features in his coloured hand. kerchief, Moaning, "3'm the worst of creatures covered with remorse and grief !" And his tears splashed on the fender, falling from each blinking eye. " Would I'd had no hint to help me, then it wouldn't be a lie I" PRICE AN, DE BEAa. REVERSION. 10.-That restless first flies ever on, A year's scarce come before it's gone; He waits for neither life nor death, Nor those who second their last breath. Now on NEVER, 3 L. L, ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 11.-M errily chat the gay ladies and lords, A s they take their positions in galleries bright Ranged round the lists, while the clinking of swords I utermingles with talking from lady and knight. O n to the scene gallop four brave young gallants, N ot to be daunted by danger or strife, T rying to show off their strength, skill, and talents; A nd soon the whole courtyard is bustle and life. Y onder the champions come, 'mid a great shout; T, ound rings the clarion; the first is now run. O n the plain lie three warriors unhorsed in this bout. Rupert de Guille is the youth who has won R enown from all prevent. 'Mid cheers, the awards O f the day are pr'esented to Rupert so bold, C ousistiag of one of the choicest of swords K nights could wish for-the second is burnished with gold- F it prize for a brave and heroic young knight, E arned, too, most nobly. And so is his steed R ewarded with gorgeous third trappings so bright. R onuds of applause follow this handsome deed. Y oung De Guille is awarded the spoils of the fight. Amr BOEHrER, Shornclilfe. OMEGRAMI. 12.-Riddlers, will you be so kind A certain kind of tool to find And if its tail you change aright, A block of wood will greet your sight. t. WHITWORTH, Milnrow. CHARADE. 13.-A vehicle in lprimal find; Neat is a pit, I ween ; But if these two are both combined A colour will be seen. J. F. CanoNEr. CONUNDRUM. 1.--What part of a deed, pIlease, will name a known Isb ? Although I must tell you 'tis not what you'd wish To have on your table to make a good dish. H. R. PRESTON, Kennington. ----4--