IDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE PALINDROIE.
ord 0" read backwardt or .,rwaraes 5 51ti11 ins same. o- r' preussed il tic nirratve.l Sirof dark and awe-inspiring gloom =L_ I de-d through that long and lofty room, Ihich Peru ed to say, in accents strangely clear, hicdo hope all ye who enter here." Bere the table, dark and cold and stern, liefo of savage bearing I discern; as of . is bent, as if by rage oppressed, lHis in cold decision are compressed; , his h m.in a manner strangely wild, Be other stands, and, by her side, a child, A_ kos pain end anguish on her face, s. ali unconscious of her pleading grace, She draws the infant closer to her side, Asif to shield him whate'er might betide. Is there no other hope ?" she cries in grief ; S'No other way in which to gain relief ? -ost I stand by and see my helpless child Beneath a torturing horror thus defiled ? ust his life-blood be shed-that warm red stream? Ab no This surely is some fearful dreim !" -- ,oman," the stern one speaks, " put grief away ! Thb child is doomed, yes, doomed this very day; Beneath this knife his blood must ebb and flow: It is compulsive, as thou well dost know. plead thou no longer; ere to-morrow's sun SThe deed will be most admirably done!" His cruel hand was laid upon the child; The mother's face, so full of anguish wild, Was raised in mute despair, as if to plead once more forthat fond boy; but vain indeed Wfas that false hope, for, with a ruthless hand The man compelled the child by him to stand. "Oh! spare him," moaned the mother. "Can Isee - p darling treatedll thus by such as thee? o~ only child I what grief-what bitter pain ! Ic3unot bear it!" Yet 'twas all in vain. That cruel hand had grasped the golden head Othcr fair boy I His blood must o'en be shed! Asilhiek-a groan, the deed was consiumnmated! S.d that was how our Tom was-vaecinated I NELLIE WATsON, Cheshnut. NARRATIVE META-DOUBLE-OMEGRIAM. Onp the Cist and two last lettors of a word to form another wordl, expressed ie thie inarra:tlre.) (With apoiogies to A. ('herry.) 2,-Loud sang a noisy she-cat, The rain came down in show'rs, As I threw out a brickbat She howled with all her pow'rs. The night both drear and black: Her poor devoted back i There she lay till next day On the flags of backyard 0. I laid down on the pillow, And, oh, the bed did creak; I thought I should be ill O, And suffer colds a week. Ithought of that poor cat- And greased my nose with fat- As she Iay till next day On the il:l-s of backyard 0. At length the longed-for morrow Cracked through the lazy slay; 1i rapped up in secret sorrow, I heaved a bitter sigh. A dismal s ght to view, Struck horror, it is true, As she lay on that day On the flags of backyard 0. Her yells have ceased for ever, No longer they'll be heard; When life from her did sever, She died without a word. Down stairs I soon appear, And seize her with a cheer, Throw her out, with a shout, From the flags of backyard 0. TeB, Manchester. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. ae the two last letters of ia word, to form another word.) I :)-Think not, Alice, I forget you When I'm far across the main, For I very oft regret you Ne'er will see my face again. Ernest, think you that you'll perish in the long and cruel strife ? Know that I fond feelings cherish Of a loving after-life. Alice, fears of death disturb me Little in first bloody strife, But the thing that does perturb me Is last you'll become my wife. E. J. SCHOFIELD, IHorbury. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. the tlrst letter la r.,' l 1" frirll another word, expressed iii the i,,e s tl, ive.I 4.-" Lend se 3your ears !" _ reat Scott! What next ? Oh, do I hear aright ?- eiou my ears ?-why, hast thou none thyself, Ihitib siiyuldst ask me to appear a fright, Thou greedy elf ? Cdii apair already decorate Thit beauteous head of thine, and move like sails, 1hin stirred by breezes wasting o'er thy pate, l Then something ails Pa mrnstrous brain-I might believe it so; rtha oace my nose or eyes would suit thy taste, hon love excursion thinkst to go- ,ec A sad time-waste! %,m wer quick, friend Tom, and let me know. 1 " Le-,d me your ecars !" i0B1rn:s! likewise, 0 lor! And dost thou need Toe intormed as what I mean by that ? - Lend Pm your ears "-that is to say, give heed Ss' To me, thou flat! hIE wit (PB has ta'en the form of sneers, SDuip all thy parts ; from thee I need not rob aill-saiff; yet, as thou must keep thy ears, To Lend me a "bob," 0 imy sorrow in the cup that cheers. TaE BLACK PIINCE AND T. E. BARLEY. ltis METAGRAM. Il thei first latter of a wordl to form another word.) -dle, dear friends, I will try to indite, this s theway I begin it. e rsons this instrumen. gives great delight, Di others to Jericho fling it. please make the requisite change in its head, 1 sasuror murmurs ` Heigh, presto I" Sn myi secotd each tiddler instead i; Icy to excel in his best O sO . Sagaiu, and you quictly will find ord 'illbI require lots of thinking) i bt ng is now left behind, i t, of course, without blinking. res'ell ti that this riddle should end, aliments- with con that I send, -Uents with it I'm paying. E. GEORGae, London. hirs MONOPHONE. lfiCerent moneing bilut tile same in sound.) "all- to Jst" . said BIr. Goschaen, ee shall last the angry o cean," E. J. SCsOFwEtso, Horbury.
NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 7.-Once was that maiden as true as steel, And her heart was pure and good as gold; Alas I that ever a maid so leal The demon hate to her breast should fold; But warm hearts soon become icy cold When by suspicion they're deeply stung, And grief is bought for the joy that's sold When love gives ear to a venomed tongue. We ploughed life's sea with an even keel, By wave or by tempest uncontrolled; And the lightning-flash or the thunder-peal Full often a sunny day foretold; But Fate misled, and false friends cajoled, Till Faith, our compass, away was flung- Out our misfortunes are swiftly doled When love gives ear to a venomed tongue. Now that we're drifting apart I feel Careless what Fortune in store may hold, Heedless of how she may turn her wheel, Too apathetic to fume or scold; Never a priest or a prelate stoled, Never a bard who of love hath sung, But knows all woes into one arcrolled When love gives ear to a venomed tongue. ENvoY. Marie, remember the days of old- Hope cannot die in a heart that's young; Sheer desperation may make one bold When love gives ear to a venomed tongue. PHILO, Glasgow. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 8.-I was a milksop sort of youth of middle-class degree, I never did a wrongful deed nor went upon the spree; I always kept within the bounds, my leisure time I spent, Escorting dear mamma about, which proved my good intent; At forward girls I never looked, I always turned my head- They thought me "green," perhaps, but I their meaning quickly read- And thus my life was pleasantly and happily begun- As one! But, ah ! one day I met my fate; a maiden fair to see Disturbed my daily labours and nights' rest by thoughts of she; One summer's day I told to her my love, and she replied That she had loved nme secretly, and said she'd be my bride; " The months sped on; I made her mine; congenial the bliss; If household cares e'cr worried her I cheered her with a kiss; And thus we lived a year or so a: loving life and true- As two! One day, alas! her mother came to visit us-oh, woe! She still is here-it seems as if she never means to go; Each thing is wrong, no matter what; I must, of course, give way And let her rave and knock about, and have her blessed say. If she should stay much longer I shall soon be laid aside, A lunatic, a murderer, or else a matricide; For we will always in this house, I'm certain, disagree- As three ! ArosTaoPrE, Lambeth. NARRATIVE TRIOGRAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.l (To the bard of Bellhst.) 9.-What ho! Hibernia's minstrel! whence and why your sad annoyance, Your great surprise, amazement, and, to Juan, hot defiance ? Friend Ivanhoe, your honour really cannot claim aspersion From what wasbut a warfare-shout, an innocent diversion. 'Tis evident that you assume our friend Juan to mcean it- Albeit you are not certain, nay, you doubt that you have seen it; Be sure, good comrade, neither I nor Juan meant in dealing With you the very slightest of of-fence, much less ill- feeling; I laughed aloud at Juan's fun, and, though at your expense, sir, I trust you'll pardon me when I express my penitence, sir. Friend Juan merely dwelt upon a subject known to you, sir, In which the mood was jocular-he said, I "ran you through," sir; I'm glad to hear you're getting well (I'll pierce no more; I'll chuck it), For I hadl feared our Ivanhoe lhad gone and " kicked the bucket !" 1 scarcely thought, however, that I'd "laid you in the dust," sir, Yet this my lance good ash-es and I cannot let it rust, sir; And Ivan-o-pen sheer dislike of hurting with gay prattle The hearts of "Tourney" comrades, even in the mimic battle; But if you took the wrong end of the stick which once I proffered, I only can submit that it was taken not as offered; Thereefore let us be. friends, and each on one good ship a sailor-- Comrades in arms, in storms and calms.-Yours truly, V. D. TAYLO;. TRIOGRAM. (Chaunge the first three letters of a word to form another word. 10.-Friend Schofield, why art thou so sad ? And why that tear upon thy cheek P? Hast thou some dreadful trouble had ? And dost thou for the cure now seek ? And why that mournful look, I ask ? And why that idiotic gaze ? Hast thou some very heavy task, That thou art in this silly daze ? Oh, friend De Bear, thou askest why First briny tears upon my face! Thou seest anguish in my eye, And in my mien some trouble trace. No heavy lesson racks my brain And causes me tormenting grief. No dreadful trouble gives me pain- But, stay, my answer shall be brief. Thou askest why my wrinkled brow, and Why my fiercely-muttered curses; The 1 at thou soon wilt understand- I've read one of my-comic verses. E. J. SctOFIELD (Ilorbury) AN 8. . A.DE BEA (London). ENIGMA. 11.-Upon my word, well, here I am I Oh. ain't it. very funny P I'm not a man, nor yet a lamb, Neither am I'c mummy; But over fields I gaily run, Speeding my merry way, With heart aglow all in the sun On this bright summer's day. I gambol and I sport about, Mly home is 'neath the ground, While sometimes I am put to rout By hunter or by hound. They seek me simply for the spoett, Of my life they're the bane; My friends in crueltraps are caught, And scores are each day sldin. B, OLsNEY AND DRYDrOo.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-I am sad and extremely dejected, I weep, and I wish I was dead; Oh, when was such trouble collected On a mortal's unfortunate' head ? Oh, why did I leave my own Clara, My loss in despair to bewail? And why did I take up with Sarah, The fickle, the false, and the frail P When first I met Clara, I thought her The loveliest girl in the land; For her lily-white hand I besought her, And she gave me her lily-white hand. I called her, in fond lover's rapture, A darling, an angel, a dear; For I thought a housemaid a good capture, A maid with ten guineas a year. For six months we were happy and hearty As any fond lovers could be, Till Mirs. O'Flanagan's party Divided my Clara and me. For I met Sarah there-fatal meeting To my lover's repose and my own; For while I my supper was eatiug, I was thinking of Sarah Malone. She neither was pleasing nor pretty, Her eyes had a squint and were green; She was stupid and couldn't be witty, Unattractive in manner and mien. She was red-nosed, fat, forty, and ugly; She swore like a trooper and drank; But she was a cook, and had snugly Two hundred laid by in the bank. So I left my poor Clara, and straightway, Untouched by her grief and despair, I went twice a week to the gateway Of a mausion in Merrion-squsre. I thought my suit prospered, but one day, When I went on my usual course, I found she had sloped off on Monday With Constable Flynn, of the force! I was furious, and raved like a madman; But when all my passion was spent, I went off to Clara, a sad man, To kiss and make up and repent. She was gone, and I sought for her vainly, Urged on by the wildest of Ecars; She had married red-headed, ungainly M'Guick, of the Meath Volunteers! COTiURNUs. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 1.L-Her form may be of a fairy grace, Her eyes of the very bluest; Sunlight with her tresses may interlace, Her gowns be in style the newest ; Her cheeks may be of the dainty tint That flowers in their prime are showing; Yet in true reserve she may give a hint To the veriest prude that's going. The prettiest airs she may sweetly make Come forth from their place of hiding, May echoes from house to house awake By sound that oft seems abiding; O'er Handel go right into ecstasies, Be versed in the newest dances; Yet do her utmost last one to please, Which the best of good looks enhances. She may live with Shakespeare, her dearest friend; She may know this and that about Bacon; "Childe Harold " repeat to the very end, And with love of the Laureate be taken; She may thyme you off on the moment's spur A set of the neatest phrases, And yet, when emergencies occur, Be worthy all sorts of praises. She may plume herself on her various styles, Read the journals of dress and fashion, Use all the coquette's bewitching wiles, And know when to put the mash on; She may first the males just a thing or two, In the art of conversation; Yet know the cookery book right through As a part of her education. She may row and fence, be an athlete quite, May run like a Derby racer; Pedestrian feats to her charms unite, And rather too tight may lace her; She may date right back to our parent Eve, Be like her in every feature; And yet she may, as we all believe, Be the jolliest, sweetest creature. IVANHOE, Belfast. 14.-'Tis the stilly hour of glooaming; Through the wood that crowns the hills First but happy I am roaming, For sweet thoughts my mind do fill- Thoughts which I shall always treasure With contentment and delight, Which will yield, me endless pleasure, Whilst I am a "Tourney " knight. Fancy brings to view dear faces Who are now renowned in song, As they fill their lofty places In the "Tourney's " merry throng, Who, in friendship's bonds uniting, Governed by a faithful Vqeen, Are in mimic warfare fighting, Where each neat is happy seen. Long may they thus be united, And their songs, so witty, blend, Each in truth and honour plighted To be loyal to the end. Long may love and peaceful gladness Grace each member of the choir, And drown every sign of sadness Is the fond wish of WILD BRzAR, Lamplugh. 15.-We last a merry, happy crew, Us none can come between; To each other we all are true, And also to our queen. Then hurrah for the "Tourney" band! Let all our foa now quail, And if they first before us stand, To rout them we won't fail. T. WsnD, Dublin. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable o! which is a word.; 16.-On your arm my first is found, Sometimes, to, around your hat; Oft in memory it is bound In the sunniest hours of chat; Next is something which we use When we go to seaside towns; In it if you will peruse, ' Find some bandkerchiefs and gowns. Wholet is something often used When to foreign shores we travel; Sometimes I am much abused; Now the answer please unravel. C. P. BLAcrnmUs. 17.-First is cool and new,-gou'll say; Seconu, much in womat's way. Whole. At college I met him, we chummed up at once; But still I mdst own him an indolent dunce. MADEIrA.
NIARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the cntlre of a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narr tive.) 18.--Heigh-hol heigh-ho I we two minstrels are writing and fighting and smiting In company now. Heigh-ho! heigh-ho I we'll cause a sensation, conster. nation, elation; In fact, make a row. Bold knights! bold knights! we will throw down our gages in these pages for ages To any of you. Sweet dames! sweet dames! oh, bestow on our chances and lances your glances- You'll courage imbue. Heigh-ho! heigh-ho! we are running and punning and all cunning shunning To write our verse. Heigh-ho! we will make you all giggle and sniggle and wriggle At our rhyme so terse. Bold knights ! bold knights! we are full of learning, are burning to be earning Your praises so fair. Sweet dames! sweet dames! we will call forth your blushes in gushes and rushes That issue so rare. We'll write both together in all sorts of weather, and have no tether To please you, bold knights. Ho, ho! we'll send stories in all our glories, Liberals and Tories, And join in your fights. We mean to gain power, and also a dower, and strive hour by hour To win your applause. We'll sing our gay ditty, without any pity, and rouse all the city To join in our cause. DROFFO AND S. DE BEAn. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaviln another word, expressed in the natrrativo.( (To Julius Cwsar.) 19.-Great Casar I what is this we see In the ranks of chivalry ? Another hero come to life- Come to join in this our strife, Mingling in the lists With the bravest of the brave, Come to conquer and to save From dark history's miists! Yes, he comes, this man of steel, Comes to fight through woe and weal, Comes to draw his migh ty blade, And in foemen's gore to wade, As he did of yore. The worlds he conquered once again Would he see, and would full fain Conquer them once Ilore. But, Ceesar, just incline thino ear To a knight who knows no fear; Listen to my thoughtful w rd.s Ere we draw our gleaming swords- Ay, listen to me now. Know, though Cmsar you may be, lam mightier far than he; To me you must bow. At my word a million blades Forth would flash, as in the glades They did before of that fair clhmne Where Troy once stood, though swiftly time Has passed on since. Not all thy Roman's boasted power Could bend me to thee for an hour; A Greek can never wince. HERCULES. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The two central letters of a word are changed to form apother word, expressed in the narrl'vtle). 20.-At Mugton-on-Sea I am staying, For six days now I have been here I came with the idea of laying A stock of health in till next year. Alas ! I've been taken in sadly, The place is the worst I have seen; And should a chap come here not " badly " In health, he soon would be, I ween. Deep black is the tint of the ocean, The " unrivalled sands" are pare mud! And the "fine, braciny air" I've a notion At best of times isn't very good. The " New Grand Hotel " is a swindle, 'Tis simply an old repaired barn; My spirits to zero did dwindle When first I beheld the "concern." I dread the advent of to-morrow, For then I must settle my bill; The thought fills my whole soul with sorrow 'Cause my stock of money is 1tii! I must leave the " grand boss " my portmaunteau Until I can send him the "tin; Or in the night "do a levant 0," And chance being caught and "run in." P. WYATT, Nottingham. NARRATIVE C URTAILIMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 21.-She's a darling,- she's a daisy, a lovely turtle-dove, She's fairly stole my heart away, andborrowed all my love; I dreram of her the whole day long and half-way through the night, I never am contented when she's absent from my sight. I'm going now to drown myself, Farewell for evermhore; Her teeth, an eye, and half her nose All dropped upon the floor. F. Jonason, Manchester. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, deoapitation, dele. tion. and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each Operation.) 22.-My first's a portion of your frame, My last, you'll find, is just the same. Now, cutting down in the same way, An article you have, I say. If you peruse a grammar through You'll find that what I say is true. E. J. ScHOFIELD AND A. It. IT. RITCH.