RII)DDLE TOURNAIMENT. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chan,d to form another word.)
1.-Sir Bungaloe Pond was admired As a riddler most truly complete; As a riddler he lived and expired, Aud his riddles were wondrously neat, Extremely, consummately neat. When a child but a day or two old, He lisped the primal " charade;" And at four some conundrums, I' m told, He wrote, which were terribly haiti-- Adamant ue'er was so hard. No next all his life did he do, S.ie to scribble his riddles supreme; 'I'he sad would hare made you look blue, .'.ui the merry ha:ve caused you to scream, To wriggle, and giggle, and scream. Oh, he could decapitate well, Delightfully could lie curtail, His metagraums no one could tell, And his omegramts turned people pale, So sickly, unwholesomely pale. At last he grew agrd and hear, And third out with thought was his brain; But he only wrote riddles the more, And 'twas feared they would drive him insane, Insipidly, sadly insane. On his deathbed he lay on his back. And these the last words he let fall: " My friends, I am going to crack The mightiest riddle of all, The grandest old riddle of all !" L'ALLOI clIO. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 2.-F rout the south a final stranger, brave and free, it ending of our battles mighty, yearned for fame ; E ager then to cope with dianger, forth camne he D auntless, primal in the fight he won a name. B rightly gleamed his trusty sabre used with still, O nward, forward, all propitious seemed the way, E nlning for his ceaseless labour praise at will, IH earing but a voice ambitious night and day. M any conquests can lie boast of since he came Sver 'midst our noble host of bards of fame ; I, eiguing thus he makes the most of his great Hnamie. MARiION TrAYLIo:. 3.-The king was mad! You'll say he bad iGood reason to be mad when you Hiaver heard the cause. One of his laws, W hich bound alike the bards Who sang sweet ballads in the hall, The lords and serfs, the gr.eat ianid nllnl!, "\ ar briefly this: "'Tis death to all Who pliays a game at cards. Despite this law, a courtier saw, \Wi th much surprise and startled cye,, (Or.e fateful day, two pages gay Card-playing on the stairs. The king was told. He lrked distraurL.t \\ith primal next, as, w:th a snirt, lie wrilily rushed down stairs and cau;ght Those pages unawares! The monarch swore-" Odds bobs !"-nedl tore l is Sunday wig, yelled, dauced a jig, :-,,me cider quaffed, roared, wept, and I lu;:hed, And then much calmer grew. " Now, tell me, Ralph," he sternly crred, ' What game was that you played ?'" Hialph sighed, And, to the monarch's rage, replied, " Sire, I've been playing loo." " Wretch," the king said, " thou'lt lose thy hel-- Such be thy fate; that game I hate 'l;',ve all the lot! And now, Hugh, wiat"- shaking his brawny fist-- " l ote you to say ?" Hugh cried, " (si, uy !" Aid, with a roguish, twinkling eye, :u d, " Sire, poor Ralph played lio; but I, S:re, I've been playing whist !" Now, Hugh through lile hole called the keyhole, ()Ot had seen the khin and quteen P'ilaying at whist-be never miiscd A chance to peep and pry. A nd thoughit a very quiet youth, lie ,lid not wildly yearn for i ruth, And did not manifest. in sooth, Much hatred for a lie ! The monarch gazed on Hugh amazedl. And uIIrmured. " You playedl whist, Halph loo- T"itl's queer, by gum i But here, Hugh, come With nme, my prince of pIres !" Hlis rage had melted quite away, lii'd n~ow a festive air and gay ; With IHlgh he played whist all that day, And fleeced hint of his wages! G. TroY. 4.-I met a sportsman first and bold, As in my evening walk 1 strolled Beside the wood, where birds so .'ay In glee have sung the livelong day. He said be next that day a hare Belonging to a species rare, And showed to me a wondrons sight- Prodigious did it look that night. A. A LLrr:SS, Bedford. HISTORICAL METAGRAM. IChange the first letter of a word to form :iother word.) 5.-Queen Mary of Scotland sits tranquil and calm Upon the last morn of her life, But on her pale cheeks is no trace of alarm, She is weary of earth and its strife. As first draws the hour she knows she must die, No next on her face canl be seen ; Anrd if a bright third slightly dims her blue eye, She looks, as she feels, a true queen. What doth she now fourth ? as the sun rises high, And back swings the door of her room. 'Tis the guard, and she rises with never a sigh, And fearlessly walks t.o her ,ioom. Quite calmly she thinks of her last native land, A tremor of sadness she feels; Not heeding around her the dark, sullen band, She peacefully by the block kneels. She looks on the crucifix held by the priest, Then silently bows down her head; The headsman is swift-her young soul is released- Queen Mary of Scotland is dead ! A. E. Itoorm:i. METAGRAM. G.-What happy days, what jolly days, We all have spent at school, When we ue'er won the teacher's praise For keeping any rule; Those first of lessons unprep.red, For which we second sadly ared! The many foolish little jokes We tried to pIerpetrate, And if they proved successful, then How joyfully elate ! What clever portraits Polly Rose Drew of poor Monsieur Paul's large nose . Our drawing-master, Mister Jones, Bald-headed, lank, arnd thin, The many times-deluded man- He sat down on a piln ! His antics then weren't comme il anit, But seemed expressive of great woe. VWhen MIiss Brownr third her spectacles, HIow innocent we'd look. As if we knew not all the time They were in Polly's book, Or perched upon Poll's little nose! Oh, naughty, wicked Polly IRose! Those happy days, those jolly days, I ne'er shall see again, My childhood's pleasures now, I fear, Art, sadly on the wane; For when one's age is past sixteen, It doesn't do to joke, ween. Manaie D.
DELETION. f prop a letter from the word chosen, leaving inother wvnnj 7.-" Get ready, fellows. Jones, put out the light, For we're to have a pilow fight to-night; t fs with your pillows, and all fol!ow rue, Arid you some glorious fun to-night will see." See from the dormitory door advance, Each with a pillow and a cautious glance, A white-robed crew; then, from a portal near, With muttered threats, their hated foes appear. (uoth Jenkins junior: " Ere we commence, I lop you fellows know the consequence." "' Dou't croak," growled Sins pson ; '" we don't care a ce It you're afraid, you go !" And Jenkins went. " Onesneak the less," the foe sneered, which implied 'I'h:Lt imore than one were sneaks ; and i:ext belied, .nre other band did what all heroes do- 'uook up the gauntlet-and their pillows too. 'T'heir through thie corridor loud firsts resounr, Andu white-robed forms lay prostrate n thle ground; ' These rise with fury, and with dire intent t'hey hasten to return the comphtuenut. W hat word is it that, like a magic spell, Sueds the belligerents to bed ;ell-mell, Creates a silence where no sound is heald But thund'rous snoring ? " Cave " is the word. 1). G. lloLurs, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another wocr.l S --"Oh,hear me, my darling!" cried Marmuadouke Saviu As he knelt to the fair Rose MI'Dowd. " I love thee, my own, though abovo rue in rank, For thy beauty by all is allowed. Tiy heart heats within ie responsive to thiue, Anrid I fancy 'tis Fortune's decree That thou shouldst be happy, bhut only as mine, So, dear, final my true wife to be." " No, Marmaduke Swank," said the !aly so fair, " I have primal already to wed That dear Terence Burke, and quite soon shall we sl;a Together our love and our bread." " Oh, fair, cruel Rose, you have broken my heart," Said poor MIarmadnke Swank, with a sigh ; "But from your false presence I'll quickly depart, And lay myself down, love, and die." J. HUEa, Dundee, DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last lette:rs of a word, leai ina r ioLhur wor I 9.-M any riddlers claim my praises, A s each week first cons. I re:al; R iveted each keen eye gazes I uto every riddling deed O f our fair and winsome lnsses; N othing yet their cons. surpasses. " T ourney " queens we long will name the:n, A no, wit Ii hope inspiring pen, Y outhiful bards in song wili frame them 1, Ie next roses of the glen. () I our iraildens fir tand youthful, It ouse and sing in praires truthful. D. ScorT, Ncwtoerng:ra . CENTRAL CHANGES. ('hnn-ae the central letter oea word to fotrm n st Iht r a )rd. 10. -',': hen the leaves are tinged with Iellow, And are falling in the glade ; When the fruit is ripe and uallow, Aw d the Ilowers begin to !ade, Then rmy first is surely near. When the suntnler wariutli alnd sunshine, Aud the gently falling showers Next their c aning, then a languor Seeims to s readl o'er leaves andl flowers, Telulig first will soon i alppar. Ay I;ouI::rItit, ShorunelSe, ll.-T:ake an animal that is Well known to the whole of you; Cl h:ntice his heart, uand youi will see ti hat another is in r:ew. KNiritIT or iFDta;rt. NARRATIVE TRANSPOILTION. (Thl letters of a word ale itlopsoi d, anld IforlI anto er wC:, . ti Ii ;i rotls r. i2.-I hardly dare to Lpen a pun For rear that I should fail; But you must hear of ohl Count Fan, And his mnostjjusuny tale. AtJive the count crt ouat one night, His candle u cut beJorc ; It he had gone b:! ;rntr, lie might Again have fouud his door ! inut this poor count--well, so 'tis said, Of 1oo00r acto.otirr was h-- ,Was used, ere ILuriraIJ into bed, To lurrtrj out to tea! And in his window 'twas his vyn,r Lest he should lose mls track, 'i *' pgt a candle--" tiat I may to P'utney safe get back !" iBut on this night be went out late, Belated, so some say ; The candle went arlbus, they state, And so he missed his way. From loss of wray, it would seem sure That he was next wraylaid; It t Jour alone diii he endure, lie only was afratd. You may suppose this poor old man, With troubles riuim.illold, Gafr up his tea, laid doawn his plan, And all his candles sold ! Not so I his kniihtly scheme I'll tell: As nightly he went out, lie took his light, and sate 'twas well 'To see his way about. And from his den hie made his round, When he could make it sqruare; Andhby his light the way he found A very lrrght woayfare! So all the candles he doth buy, As Calnle.-masses Pass And all his neighbours now rely On laying down more gas. The erd comes right, the irrfter learns, Though rrniig it was biyrrt, F'or every night he safe retlriros When his fte (t)urns are donre! I. C. LovEIr:ss, Birmingha'-. CONUNDRUMS. 13.-Thnaughi this a quibbl is, you'll say "'lis tiot so very comical. VWhy are the ladies of the day Extremely economical ? Why is a deer a modest thing? And why are we so sure of it? From this the answer you must bring, f'or 1 can say no more ot it. Once more before I pass along (I trust I am amusing you) : Wlhat workman, pray, is never wrong (t hope that's not confusing you) ? Another word before I go, So list to what I say to you : I trust success in this you'll know, And now I'll bid good day to J ou. F. WaLuL.