RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. the central letter of a word to form lnother word, ex. _ e pl'essed in the nrllrtli' ve.!
A sweet remembrance in my memory dwells, 0f happy days now long since passed away, when, charmed by pleasure's ever-witching spells, All earth was bright, and life was ever gay. -nd, gazing o'er those dim and distant years, A form I see before my vision rise; Clear and distinct that faultless form appears As long ago it stood before mine eyes. prom lustrous eyes, bright eyes of trustful grey That in their depths a world of love conceal, Shine gleams of light that fall across my way, And all thy inward loveliness reveal. is thus I view thee, joy my being thrills- The joy that tells me thou art still my friend; lad Time, that friendship's heart so often stills, New life to my affection seems to lend. heough Fate, so heedless of a mortal's hope, Has laid thy path in life apart from mine, And oft has left me in the gloom to grope, So thou wort happy, how could I repine ? As years pass o'er thee, may true friends increase, And roses, stripped of thorns, thy path bestrew; - love thy handmnaid, and the star of peace The light that shines before thy mental view. Screened from the world, and all its glittering throng, From every base pursuit and longing free, Be ever thus protected from all wrong, Inspired by love a:.d truth and purity. PHILO, Glasgow. TRINOGRAM. a ance th third letter of it word to form nnotlher word. Only rdwl c'iuposed of six letters and upLwards tie eligible.) _-Ye riddlers, I'll sing of a wonderful girl, Sweet Matlida; With eyes of light blue and brown hair all in curl, Sweet Matilda. This maiden, so faultless, I lavishly love, le all her my angel, my sweet turtle-dove; While she sweetly smiles from her window above, Sweet Matilda. lAy devotion I often have very well tried, Sweet Matilda, For obstacles many I've bravely defied, Sweet Matilda I've patiently waited for hours in the rain, And utext dtay have suffered a terrible pain ; But gladly, aye gladly, I'd do it again, Sweet Matilda. I've overcome rivals, yes, many a score, Sweet Matilda, Yet I d fight and I'd conquer a great ninny more, Sweet Matilda. I'll always remain a most du'iful slave; To serve ler I'd venture both lire anil " the w:se ;'" And wnien I am with her I'm wondcrf'lly Lratec, Sweet Matilda. I've implored her-oh, often-to fly far with nme, Sweet Matildail; But somehow my views she cinu never quite see, Sweet Matilda. hiar papa:'s--no libel-a terrible bore, Hi a:r.ast blcking boots mahb me awfully sore ; He thinks by his threats I shau't caome any more, Sweet Matilda. If I were my large stock of ink to expend, Sweet Matilda, MIy praises, I'm certain, would ne'er find an end, Sweet Matilda. To patiently wait now I'll add's my intent Until I have gained her dear faial's consent, Though on me at present much spleen does he vent, Sweet Matilda. J. STocKS, Southwark. ARITHMOREM. lanrostic. The letters of cross words that are IRoman numerals expressecd in liu,'s-e.) 'Foundation Il)ird'. 3.-M-1y whole is the hero bold of a tale That is running in Y. F. '. ; And very quickly his name you'll unveil, When the primals of these you see. Cross Words. -liad soo My first is the hero's Christian name ; ,11 ,, poy My ncxt, a grand feature of SY. F. P.; oI ,, ser My thirdis a metal of value and fame, S taryonoar And my a.a)arih is addressed as " Hecr M' jesty.'" a ,, roe Myfifh is a Christian: name; and my , rosese Nex is the second name of nmy S,, Mo y sear alth is a bird that at night de fly ; ,, raagnas Tho Indian Ocean 'gainst my eiV,,u , dotll roll. e M,, y tiath s houll .i avoidedI by all; ,, re iMly tcutlh is staring you full in the 10 face 10 ,, rota DMy tsx:t is a sovereig:n of this 2 2 earthly ball, - , e Ani Iny airrlfth in the winter has alwantys a. place. ,, t ~Msy a:, t, you'll see, is of sheep a i:ilad, ,, noar Aand after that comes a lbg city _ waroe iy tLst iq the namne of six kings, you'll find, And that is the end of my ditty. Hecsxranacca Frin. LOGOGRIPH. ~' dat.l hich may be treated as a mcta.gram, d ecapitation, dele- t.,t,,aan transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each 4'-My first is a word that means dark, Secret, covered, concealed; Now behead, and behold the vast chango, A word the reverse is revealed. This word, very simple, means plain, (Open, apparent, and clear; Now curtail, and a four-lettered word Will triumphantly stand on its bier. Now transpose, please, this four-lettered word- To travel about anywhere; Dear puzzlers, I hope this you've guessed, tt's written by yours, S. DE BEAR. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. )roD tile two last letters of a word. leaving another word.) J.-Jo King is afirst who tells us the truth, IWhen he says that Jo King is his name; But I don't care a jot if it is or is nlot, And I'll tell every riddler the same. For if he is joking, Jo KIng lhe can't be; Anud if he is Jo King, he]'s not jokling. last see. A. A. DYeS, Southamptou. CURTAILMENT. I 1aro the inal letter oa a word. leaainc asenother word.) 6.-~Iy f.frsfil what you all must wear; bow, if you will curtail, Yotll fid w's vho means to dress Now cua'iail tdiltr aild od will Siod What first is made of lef~t behind. HIAwArrt
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foeundation Veords. 7.-Blue expanse of wave and foam, Rolling, tumbling everywhere, Monster fishes say you're home- Gulls e'en circling in the air Speed across your trackless waste; Seek they firmer ground in haste. Final haunts lagoon and bay, Manned by dusky, red-brown forms; See it 'midst the surge and spray In most turbulent of storms, Speeding o'er my prim ,t's breast, Mounting every billow's crest. Cross Wolrds. Turn to this-you'll find it in a minte : Tales and poems you will notice in it. With fatal speed it spread throughout the laud, Nor could the strongest e'en its power withstand. If you a third of this nerostic seek, Among the answers kindly loon next week. A river in my fourth you'll donbtless see; Look for it on the map of Italy. One of your features, this; you must confess It is not very difficult to -iuess. R. L. JEFFerSON AND A. AIBERLEY. Foundation Wlords. 8.-Guarding this preud island, Defending England's Quesen, Gallant, brave, and loyal meu In prianals will be seen. Finals, ever brave and true, While we calmly sleep, Dangers oft encountering On the briny deep. Cross Words. A Christian name in this you see; Ensigns of royalty n.ect will be ; A colour here, which ido not fail, Whesn you have found it, to curtail; And now, to end this con., yo;nig Cast, I hear, now takes his salary la:t. F. 1'iiuitrsr, Mottingham. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transpsee.l, and form another word in the n:irrl' tive.) 0.-With pleasurable fecl ines, I Acmin salute the " it. T.," Determined once again to try And join the dear ,,Id party. For though I have been :bsui:ut long, Which, I will freely own, wae wrong, It really was, dear friendts, Iecauns I could not join our pt:rty. But that I ever missed should be I'd ne'er antticipa.te ; So I was nmuch surprised to see It otherwise was statetd. Friend Dye, I read your con.., and could But wish I hat those you :untiitised would Again beam, send p ,uz:t, in, As in that con. you stited. But, though I largely havIe o Iste, From port to port 1.rn , rti;:;l g, My interest will ne'er ab:la .. For ridd;ing so amusing. I think of tinmes that. now harve flown, Of knights who usced to hbe well-knsvn, And wish they'd send, andl inver oni, Their puzzles so amusing. S.i.u it lh tIGlT. TRANSPOSIT IO N. (Transpose the letters in a word to form ianother word.) 10.-A wit one day was sitting at dinner Next to the gushing old maid, nliss Pinner- A regular dragon, as sharp as "a pin, Who boasted she ne'er had been " taken in." The wit knew this, and determinetn, to -e,: If by any means he could " catch " Miss P. So, when they discussed a wreck that they Had first an account of that very dsy, She praised one man in particular, who Had maInaged to save the lives of two. " I admire such eInc, Mr. Ticrriss:," said she. " Have you ever saved a life from the sea ?" Now, here was a chance, and the wit spake out, "I have saved ltany lives, without a doubt And it is a fact." said lie. with a laeer. That I saved six lives before I cause here." " Six lives! Oh, c;x-t! then for what you have done You've surely a bravery medal won; For I've heard they're given," centinned she, " To those who have saved a life at s--a." " Ahem! Ob, certainly, that's the case-yes; But in spite of this, I am mnedalless. I dit not tell you"--be twinkled his eyes- "Thati the lives I saved were six dro(wniin flies' !" (AnoILINE HOILLOWAY. IAIARA TIVCT DUAGBRAJI. iClInuge the first two iletters of a wrd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 11.-" It's going ! going fast ! now gone !" As the auctioneer doth say. The old auction-duty is repealed, And so nothing bars the w'ay. All nice lassies now can sell i tnem'elves Unto the hiutg:at iidler ; Before, the d,:/'! r--:shined them, But new they deon ' rouider. By some stir stir lend we ,--ro lately tol l The tax bh:d l-cun eva'led By some young ltdie tof our country; Now ail cin do as they lid. No tax on marriage now; but, girls, Whate'er a husband lacks, Don't marry one who can't afford To pay the income-tax. DRENON AND ARCeIER B. NARRATIVE CURTAILM NT. (Drop the final letter of a word, learine-' anolthe-r word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-I'd like to be a soldier bold, to fight dear England's war'S, And share the glory of each victory; But I've not an inclination to go down upon all fours And clean the barrack floors in misery. In gallant deeds I would excel, I foremost o'er would be, I'd hold our standard up through thick and thin; But it's rather mortifying to a timid lchap like me To think I might get bullets in my skin. And then amongst the cannon's roar and bomb shells flying fast I brave would be, and earn my capltuin's praise; But erel o'er this brilliant dream a shadow dark is cast- A slht might come along and and my days. But wtc,,n at last in England, every grelinlt man adortini, WVith :a crose our Qutcen wll dstock each usmluly bre:: rt; Though it is :t little medal, that I've found is not worth To a soldier of all tokens 'tis tie best. R. WI. AnsuEws, Hampstead. CON UNDIt tUY. 13.--Why is an emacitced Equestrian, met unon thie wray, , Like t very popular \ritur Of the present d:iy ? Pa.TraIC S., Belfast.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.l 14.-Mister Flanuagan MI'Carthy Was a young and very hearty Irishman, and somewhat handsome, too, was he; He was loved by old and young, and Every one he went among, and All the people who resided in Tralee. He was not possessed of riches, But a noble heart, and whichl is Better far, though not by every one esteemed, He'd bestow a helpiung hand on Anybody in the land on Such occasions us deserving they were deemed. Oh, he loved a charming creature, Sihe was fair in every feature; Yes, he loved her better fatr than even life; A ni he thought with ;greatest pleasure Of the happy dlay his treasure Would be his, and he could claim her for his wife. Very s.oon the day was stated, And they eagerly awaited SWhen they both would be converted into one; And with great anticipation They made every prepa: raion For the same until they everything had done. To be brief, they were united, And the town was quite excited, And each person was as merry as could be; And although the years away are Very swiftly passing, they are Well respected by the people of Tralee. J. A. MAIusILL, Southwark. 15.-I once thought I'd marry and settle in life, But I didn't; And thought I would take nme a beautiful wife, But I didn't ; I dreamed of a fair little gol den-haired boy, Htis mother's delight, and his father's great joy; I thought I woull buy him eaoh pay-day a toy, But I didn't! I long had a notion a singer I'd be, Jlut I wasn't; The champion of tenors outrlvaled by me, U~ut le wasn't I went to a feast with some comrades of mine, '1fTly asked me to sing of the noble old Rhine, Without an exception they vowed it was line, Bat it wasn't ! I once had a notion 'twas easy to fish, But it isn't; And get a good catch was but done in the wish, Rut it isu't. Some people think 'tis a matter quite easy To row 'gainst the title on a river so breezy, Or mnannge a cycle on roads that are greasy, But it isn't ! I once tried to swim as an easy affair, But I couldn't ; And when in the wa'cr tried hard to geot air, But I couldn't ; ;o T lay on the river-bed just whiero I sank, And gallous of w:ater I Speedily drank ; I tried in great torture io "limb up the bank, But I couldn't! BItoAD A n:Iow AiND SCHa.LIDs:R, Zuyder Zee. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop thle tirt letter of t. word. leanving nother word.) l3.--'Twas in the early morning, in the lovely mouth of ,unLine, And in the air the birds were sweetly singing, The ' arly morn adorning with their never-ceasing tune; With melody the woods were gaily ringing. F;ist chantilecr loudly, as though with tuneful throat 'To charm the youthful couple whom he beckoned; But these two lovers proudly went by him in a boat Upon the river there-she steered, he seconld. But as that maid and lover sailed on as in a dream, hshe quite forgot the zigzag path of water ; Till bump ! the boat turned over,-they both fell in the stream, Though he just saved his father's neighbour's daughter. Yes, managed just to save her, and by this 'twill be inferred IHe saved himself-survived that cold immersion; His " hand and heart" he gave her-and her life to him she third, And now they're feourtl-this is a true assertion. ARCnHER U. AND RI. A. An1NDEWS. 17.-A herald proclaims, ere tlhe contest commences, ]I- e has come with a list, though excitecment intense is: That Cox should aspire to the fair Donna Inez, And Dickson, for Qucenie, should doff the red fez (Our knights must have ladies, first some cause or other, Last they would pick qnarrels and light one another) ; That Andrews, of Hamplstead, a clever young knight, If matched with V. Taylor would wage a stern fight; E. Shurvell would ccinbat with det.perate zest, In conspiracy formed 'gaiust the knights of I lie west. So look to your traces, your cacsddlu., your armses, Ere closing your visors to ladies' fair charsrs. The trumpets are soundine, prepare, all you knights, I'or England shall ring with the fame of your fights. So lances in rest, let us all strive our best, 'Neath the banner of Young Folks our nmeta:l to test. .l lt N. ENIUSIAS. 18.-Inu ue you se a tbhi:r of _hut, Aund p'r:baps tchincg of beauty, Who creer ,hic b, but ever ;orks And nobly dneth duty. Tb. - crmner flowers, in shinya and showers, 3,iy melodies awaken; By crucl wills of wintry chills Are they by me forsaken. I wacnder here, am far and near, Am frolicsome and merry ; I blow my flute and sip the fruit O wayside flower and berry. You start in fear, and call ime " Dear !" (Or something more suggestive) WVheC I repose upon the nose, In dreamings rather restive. I sing and " fuz " just like a "'bus " A-rolling and a-rumbling, And aangry folks, in gibes and jokes, Assert that I am grumbling. In great delight I take imy Ilight, And vanlsh from your seeing, Afar to t.h(r)ive, to toil, and strive. Ta ta, for the time be(e)iBg. V. D. Ta~oR. Warringtoi. 19.-In the houses of the rich I'm used, Also bsy the poor as well; And really where it is niot seen, I'm certain that I couldn't tell. 'lThey're seen in all our London streets, Ou most of our tricycles, Our eugines, carriages, cabs, snd carts, And on all our bicycles. ii. C.tsTEsrt, Hampsteahd. 20.-Althongh 1'm black and very old, By name I still am new; Mly granite walls are tmad to hold A hundred victim. trua. I've stood against the heat anl col',. I'm washed by many a shower; I siddens many a fact , when told Tihe fiag is on my tower. G. W. Htratx.
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another word in tho narrsh vej 21.-Augustns Fitz-Tootle was muchly in love, You know what I mean by that; To a sweet little maiden whom he called a dove, You know what he me tut by that. But Dovie's papa, somehow, wouldn't agree To her wedding a man like Augustus, you see; And Gussie cave vent to a rather big D.; You know what I mean by that. So Gussie and Dovie decided to slope, You know what I mean by that; But, to be a bit plainer, they meant to elope, You know what I meau by that; And Gus got a carriage, and went round one night, And whistled to tell her that things were all richt, But the brute of a dog came and took a huge bite- Well, you know what I mean by that ! Now, Gas was a youth whom you couldn't " put down," You know what I mean by that; And the dog had done damage worth quite half a crown. You know what I mean by that. So Gus brought an action. This happened a score Of centuries back, and it still is before The courts, and is likely to be evermore; You know what I neian by that. F. WILLIAMIS, Islington. MIETAGRAMIS. (Change the first letter of a werl to form another n orr.i 22.-But lately in our " Tournament" appeared a little con. By which my fancy was quite captivated; Indeed, I must confess that you, O Robert Jefferson, Have made me feel tremendously elated. Accept my thanks, oen amni, for your hearty eulogy- In future to deserve it I'll endeavour, Although Ifirst at present my effusions may not be Too humorous, too witty, or too clever. For nexts we've tilted side by side in this our "Tour ment," And many a time again, perchance, I'll meet you In friendly joust within our lists; but now 'tis my intent To grasp your hand, and as my comrade greet you. A. AMoBERLEY, Manchester. 23.-N ot so oft as I would wish in the " Tourney" list amn I, E v'ry week if I'd my first would I there my name espy; L ots of metagrams I'd pen for this merry riddle page, L ittle poems I would sing, sometimes witty, sometimes sage; I would sing of knights of old and of ladies passing fair, E v'ry riddle would I solve-if I'd but the time to spare. W ishes are not horses, so sturdy beggars cannot ride, A ld so with great reluctane I must lay my pen aside, T hough I will take it up again whene'er I get a chance, S o that with some riddling kni:ght I, too, next break a lance; O f one thing please be certain, my motto is " Ne'er say die," N ow yon all know the sort I am, I think I'll say, " Good.- bye." F. J. AmLLuLON. 24.-I love the night ! Its dim and sombre hues, Like smain potion, lure my soul to joys Its kindred feelings could not o'er refuse To cherish, as a child adores its toy:,! Give me the mellow light of moon, wl:ho, rays Tractsfurm each obiect to a strau! r n:iull; The glint of stlre, whose ever-twinkliklin gaz', Make beauties in the heavens by d:,y uson ; I love to watch the night-wind bend the pine, To hear it chant sweet music to my soul ; I love to see the sleeping plants entwine Their tendrils soft, and hear night music roll; 'Tis joy to hear the tom-cat's mirthful yell, Or feline-screeching from the gentler sex : How beauteous then the night ! And who c·anl tell What joy it is to break their howling necks ! TsaE BLACK PRINCE, U. L. C. CENTRAL DELETION. (Droe a letter from the centre of a word to formn anotherJ. 25.-I happened last purchase a tortoise, Who fell rather sick with the cold, So I gave him of gruel and water As much as his stomach would hold. I male him ia waterproof coat, I painted it blue, black, and red; I made him four holes for his legs, Fir.t slits for his tail and his head. You ne'er saw such a ludicrous thing, As he walked 'neath the shrubs and the trees, As he drew in his head and his tail To avoid the embrace of the breeze. And the way he would travel towards home, And pack himself up in the wool, You'd probably thought or expressed "His master's a regular fool." I-. Cox, Birkenhead. CHARADE. ( 'nterol n a word o" c s*yllahle of w ctl h ii a wor It., rl.-The sccond I placed in my jirst was te.rribly bulky; 1When stolen by stroct-thief accursed, I guess hu geew sulky, Who, trying for whole, had got second; in first whole was not; O)n good haul in whole ho had reckonnd, when sicond he got. IMAnsEILe A. HIDDEN TOW'iIS. El.-H-ow does this car differ from ani' other ? Carl owes me some money. There was a slight rim cf steel on lhe glass. Is not this fox-den very esmill? I don't admire the frugal way in which hlie lives. Please call nud let me hiow all about it.-QCILLE repon.