RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
F ew riddlers who have spent their time in riddling W on half the laurels bravely won by you. B INSTEAD, my friend, none think your cons, are middling; I ndeed, all say they're best, and this is true, N ever before, in all my life, I say, FRED, S o much laughed I as when you frankly told T o us how to the Penny Popinjay, FRED, E ach little song to send you made so bold; A nd much did I enjoy the funny way, FRED, ) ark stories of T. Bone you did unfold. H. C. PurcE, Southwark, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. Warriors great, who, long ago, Many an army did o'erthrow. Cross Words. He was so first when first we caught him, Until a man came round, who bought him, Much second o'er the cause was made, When friend and foe alike drew blade. Aristocrats in this will drive, And to outshine each other strive. Don't next with anything you do, Until the end you clearly view. Ah, pain doth make us this, I ween, And then our fortitude is seen. A deadly reptile this will prove, Which in the forests wild doth rove. A pair each man and woman hath To help them through life's weary path. R. GRANT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. My first a number brings to mind; Transpose my next, a liquor find; But rearrange the lot, and see That I a fish will surely be, Which many persons like to eat, And I at times deem quite a treat. J. SAVAOE, Liverpool. PROVERB No, CHARADE. No. 5. Tally ho! all full of glee, Onward go our steeds and we, Hurrah ! the goal is won, For-the jfirst, with sudden bound, Bring their victim to the ground, And now the sport is done. Done ? No, alas I for, yonder, see A huntsman's horse in fright doth flee. He sure will tumble down. Alas I alas I to his dismay, The steed pulls up in a sudden way, And he in last is thrown. Now, ere we part, to form a clue, I don't mind hinting unto you (If you don't listen, wore's the pity) Total's a place well populated, And you'll find 'tis situated In a part of London city. C. A. W. ELnnuaox, King's Cross. BETAGRAM. No. 6. Oh, Young Folks, oh, Young Folks, believe me, I'm weary, Declining my efforts because they are long ! To contemplate twenty.four lines is not cheery. Why limit the thoughts of this offspring of song P Quite free is the.heart, but the muse you are chaining. My thoughts run away with the pencil I wield, When list to my Editor softly complaining- "To sixteen or twenty-four lines you must yield." Each week brings my Young Folks, and breathlessly turn. ing The page where the " Tpurnament" holds regal sway. I oft am rewarded, and see, with cheeks burning, "Tow W. KITCHNER is leader to-day." But lo I when my Young Folkcs bows not to my powers, No KITCHNER doth bring the warm glow to my cheek. Then mournful, alas ! are my Saturday's hours, Though solace may come on the Saturday week. Now, sixteen sweet lines have I foolishly squandered. Ye muses, 'tis primal for men who are great! O'er reams of " cream-laid" they have fruitlessly wan. dered, And worked themselves into a brain-fever state. A-second ? Oh, horror I now must be closing. Good.bye, gentle readers; I'll see you again. Let's hope that the thoughts I shall then be reposing In you will emerge from a far cooler brain. T. W. KITCHNiER. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. If you a covering behead You'll find a sweet wild plant instead; Behead again, and then transpose, What's very warm it will disclose; Behead this last, 'twill tell what you And I and every one must do Once more if you the head let fall, You'll see a preposition small. D. R. O'D., Corkl,. DOUBLE CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. Now, if you guess with all your might, You'll very quickly bring to light A thing that's put in all our food, And makes it, oh, so very good. But if the centres you delete, I'm sure that very soon you'll meet A kind of person who is found In dear old England all year round. DExos'ransEs,
DECAPITATION. - No. 9. Again, ye valiant knights that here contend, Do I my lance assume, a tilt to try. So long it is since I a puzzle penned, That, ah, I fear, e'en though this con. I send, At present out of practice quite am I! With genuine pleasure each week have I seen Your champions strive with unabating zeal, Nor seem to primal, but, competing keen, To gain the Editor's applause you mean- Your cons. a treat afford me pure and real. And, lest your final I should e'er excite, I'll now endeavour herein to appear, And break a lance with ev'ry gallant knight 3 For don't you think, dear riddlers, that 'tis right That I the bays sometimes away should bear P P. M'CALL, Dublin. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Oh, how I laughed, oh, how I roared, And o'er those merry pages pored, Until the tears came rolling down !- Smiles and tears, but ne'er a frown. I ne'er saw such amusing fare; Each fresh page caused a longer stare. The ancient proverb's surely true - I laughed and laughed and stouter grew, And now my weight- I grieve to state My flesh doth me encumber. What think you did me thus elate ? 'Twas the Young Folks Christmas Number. BARNETT DE BAs. METAGRAM. No. 11. Farewell, first maiden, we must part; I go across the main. It breaks my heart to see a next; But long I'll not remain. Third-admiral Howe is brave and true, Soft as a fourth, yet bold; When he is fifth men have no sixth, But do what they are told. Be brave and seventh this parting, love, When I am from your side: For early in the coming eighth, I hope to claim my bride. And when you ninth your wedding tenth, For joy you'll next me sing, For I shall feel like Shakespeare's twelfth, Ay, every inch a king. S. C. IIEATII. REBUS. 4. r4 '5 v i A. E. FEARNLEY, Bradford. METAGRAM ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation WYord. The sweetest flower that ever blooms In me you will espy; Yet when cold autumn's weather comes, I wither; fade, and die. Cross WYords. In houses and ships my first may be found ; My second's a grain which springs from the ground ; 'Twas only last night that I third on a chair To last two nice apples and also a pear. T. S'osRR. ARITHMOREM. No. 13. Feuudatioia Word. O modest flower, Which blossoms o'er the silent tomb, Thou dost not grace the lady's bower, Yet in the winter dost thou bloom And light the dark December's gloom! Fair floral gem, On earth thou shalt more lasting be Than mighty monarch's diadem. All others droop and die but thee, Emblem of immortality. Cl oss WYords. 100 and ken A nobleman of high degree, A scion of nobility. 500 ,, aa Discover next a female's name ; Read either way it is the same. 651 ,, ane A land of endless ice and snow, Wherein reside the Esquimaux. 1 ,, rests Sweet relation, young and fair, Partial to her brother's hair I 100 ,, yugoe WhenKingChristmascomesaround, Last can everywhere be found. F. R. CouasoN, Bow. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 11. My first will be seen, friends, in every heart, For heart 'twould not be without same; You surely will third that my second's a part Of your frame. To Katie I soon will be fourth. Oh, dear I oh, I'm nearly distracted with joy I The daring, brave deeds of this youthful hero I enjoy. I asked little Fred what he'd be when a man. " With seventh I'll stay, Tom," he said, "Till she dies; then a sixth I will be, if I can, With coat red." My eighth, friends, is worn by men and by boys, 'Tis worn by females also' And last forms a part of both silence and noise. Now I go. T. J. O'Conson, Kinsale.