RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.)
1.-At Toodles's first it was promptly seen That he, when a man, would be far from lean; It was patent to all, for, without a doubt, Toodles, when young, was immensely stout I " Never was seen such a splendid boy I" His nurse declared, with rapturous joy. His next was enormous, complexion fresh, And legs and arms round lumps of flesh ! As Toodles grew it was seen with surprise Tuat the boy was slowly decreasing in size I He was still very stout, yet day by day, Though he stayed at home, he was " going away !" He grew to a youth, and his parents cried O'er the remnant of what had been orce their pride. For he, though he ate a most hearty dinner, Continued diurnally growing thinner! The years rolled by, and I really wish you Had seen him-shorn of his adipose tissue- Long and lean, and meagre and lank; From the curious eyes of the world he shrank. When roaming abroad at dead of night, A shadowless shape may appear in sight; The villagers call it a ghost-the noodhles- But it's only poor old worn-out Toodles I G. T::or. 2.-See, see my first has shown his face i We'll go it1111 see that lovely place You told me of, for, I declare, The day is going to be lair. Some next we'll have, there's not a doubt, So let us hasten to go out. Oh, last and dress, in case the rain Should fancy to begin again. LOTTIE WV. 3.-First the calm and peaceful ocean Shines the sun with gentle might, Streaming o'er the gliding vessels With a soft and chaugelul light. 'Tis the Sabb rth. All are praying In the quiet holds below, Where the summer breeze comes creeping, Sighing mournfully and low. Gloomy night has long departed, Lovely day remains supreme; Next the bright ecstatic daylight All the works of Nature gleam. F. W:nun. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 4.-Transpose a kind of fluid That's often used by you ; A word wlich means relationship Then comes before the view. DEMANCIIES. CHAI:ADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 5.-I'd like to claim a little space In Young F'ok.,' riddling page; I hope my con.'s not out of place In this eulighte:,ed age. " Proceed," says one. All right, say I. My firbt's a klnd of cloth ; Second's an animal quite shy, To work it is not loth. Totdl is an officer blil, In battle somnttimes slain. However, now my con. is told, I must retire again. P. C., Wavertree. I6.- My firot in a hero is strong, in a beautiful lady is fair, Its plural is laurelled in soug, and of Britain's the foe may beware; My second's a simple invention-now, do not suppose me in jest- Well worth the regard and attention of the weary im- patient for rest; While my whole would most surely conduce that rest yet more grateful to make, As I prove by the general use we're disposed of its comfort to take. C. SMIT. 7.-A pretty flower first will show, In colours red and white, Perfumes the a:r whe'e'er you go On every summer night. In next a female's name is seen, A name to you well known Combine the two, and thee, I ween, A uselul herb is shown. ANNIE S. GetESLEY, Burton-on.Trent. 8.-When first is hoisted to the gale, We merrily scud along, And bid the lessening land farewell In many a jovial song. My second a conjunction is, 'Tis al-o French for cold; I think I hear you ridlhlers hiss, " You might as well have told." Our Charlie is a whole, dear boy, So light-hearted acd gay, So full of mirth, mischief, and joy Throughout the livelong day. Our Charlie has a smile so bright (Gladsome his merry voice), It makes young hearts bound with delight, And makes the old rejoice. MAGGIE, Clarcmont. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation 'Words. 9,-Without my first and second A con. you ne'er could write, For you must always use them When letters )ou indite. They're used by clerks and scholars, By peasants and by kings. By printers and by architects, These very useful things. If initials and the finals You only plie.' aright, These very well-known articles They'll surely bring to light. Cross Words. Each foot must have my first, you know, 'Tis sometimes high and sometimes low; And now-be sure you are not wroug- A river find that's very long; A razor sure most be my third, 'Tis, too, a name you may have heard. STRosonow. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-Oh, the flowers nodded their perfumed heads, The birds first a merrier tune, As I met my love in the flow'ry glade, On that beautiful day in June; But I never thought that the end would come- Like a great thundercloud-so soon. Together we strolled o'er the dew-wet grass, Where Luna her silver light shed, Together we strolled in the forest drear, Where the tree bouvhs swung overhead; Together we roamed o'er the next-y beach, When the sun in the west third red. T, gethber we strolled as I told my love, And asked her if she would be mine, And the love beamed out of her eyei of blue, As she said, " I'm thine, only thine;" And the wind seemed to sing a merry tune '"hrough the shadowy boughs of pmine. But when all was brightest the sad end came, My darling was called away. She was too fair for earth, but One above Called her to Him, for aye to stay. And now as I weep, but one solace I have To know I shall meet her some day. J. C. CoLLIRU,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another weors l1.-Giant Jop is big and fat, He is first also; And the people fancy that He appears to grow Bigger, fatter every day. Spectacles he wears, they say (Giant ones of coarse are they). What the lasts are, I confess, You had really better guess. LOTTIE l. 12.-Come, riddlers old who've fought for fame, And wield first pens again. Pray listen to last Ed.'s dear call, Which almost seems in vain. Bestir yourselves and fight again, All you who honour seek; And let your motto proudly be: To send more week by week. M. L. R AW, Bradfod, 13.-Dear Ed., first morsel is my own, I'd have you underhtand; Don't say this last not from his head, Although 'tis in second hand. W. W(T, 14.-" There, there she blows !" the sailors cry, As to the boats they dart, And, low'ring them into the waves, They eagerly depart. See! now they near the cautious first, Around him blowly creep, Until the sailors seem to think -e must be fast asleep. But, with a sudden stroke, he sends A boat high in the air: A cry goes up that plainly speaks Alarm, but not despair. Their oars the boatmen, browned and next, Ply with a hearty cheer; They pull the men from out the sea, And soon dispel their fear. Then, with a bold and dashing spurt, Undiuntedly they row Towards the plae where, furious still, The first swims to and fro. This time the deadly, sharp harpoon Deep in his flesh they seud, And forthwith capture, with a shout, Their huge oil-bearing friend. E. L. Hou.tse. 15.-The world was sleeping calm and first, The sun had ceased to hang Above the gloomy, ,:ismal town, When through its windings rang A fearful noise-a clanging bell, Which deepened and grew higher, While from a lonely dwelling-house Screamed forth the cry of " Fire I" The rushing engines flit along Next dust obscures the air; The neighbours, leaping from their beds, Filled with excitement rare, Pursue the mighty engine now So madly dashing past. Last-favoured is the sad result. Shame comes to them at last; You see, it was a false alarm, And, with no one about, Some gentle thieves (as per their plan) Had cleared their houses out. F. G. \Wi ns. ENIGMAS. 16.-In ev'ry corner I am found; In summer weather I ab.,und- In fact, I rc:gn supreme; I sometimes am up. n your coat, Upon the shelf, or in a boat, Yet not upon the stream. If wind doth blow I'm scattered far, And water doth my progress mar, I cannot stay its force; The housewife she abhors my name, Yet all her talents are the same, She cannot stay my course. I'm found in castle or in hall, In cottage, cupboard, on the wall; Though 'void of limb, I climb; I cause a 'me harm if not removed, Yet shall remain, it has been proved. Until the end of time. H. C. Blue:. 17.-The moonlight reflects me and sunlight also, 'Tis a fact I am with you wherever you go; Although I am often concealed from your view, I never do leave you while journeying throuhli This world terrestrial, I candidly say; In the slumber of night or the toil of the day To mimic your actions I'm often inclined; I limp with the lame, and I grope with the blind; Delighted you often stand looking at me. So now, dear reader, say what can I be ? W. NOLAN, Clonmul. 1S.-Formed long ago, yet made to.day, Employed while others sleep; What few would ever give away, Or any wish to keep. C. S:rta. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, 19.-Before us is a lovely theme, A milk and honey land- A land po. tic as a dream, A land where juicy vineyards gleam, And tracts of golden saud. Afar, through pure and limpid air, A city we descry- A city girt with cedars fair- A city with a temple rare, 'Twas first in times gone by. Years have passed by. This city stands' But, oh I what changes here- Changes that mar these sunny lands, Changes that mark the golden sands With desolation drear. Without the walls, a foreign foe A dreadful siege maintains- A siege that fills the streets with woe- A siege that makes dark misery grow Across these fruitful plains. Their cause is won; the city falls, And their victorious sign Waves o'er the ancient, battered wallsU Waves as they fired defeuders' halls, And last their temple shrine. LOGOGRIPH. G (A word which may be teated as a met.tram, decapitttil5n, I[ Lion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word ater seh operation.) 20.--Mly primal is a kind of gem, Which you'll find with facility; Behead, and then there will zemain A title of nobility. Transpose the same, and you will view A king in one of Shakespeare's plays; Behead. and part of your own frame Is shown unto your mental gaze. IMPma Tsr~'