RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
We have received a letter from one of our puzzle correspondents which We print in this plicd. We leave him to explain his own invention in his a. way, merely remarking that we admire his ingenuity and accept the new species of puzzle with thanks. A specimen of MeR. HEaERY'S invention Will lead the " Tournament" to. day. DEAR MR, EDITOR,-I have the pleasure to send a new form of puiszlewhich I have invented. It is of two sorts- viz., the Monophone. or words spelt differently but pro- Inounced the Fame, being, as the name implies, of one sound ; and the Polyphone, or words spelt thie sawn but pronounced differently. or, as the name In dicates, of more than one soundd according to the sense in which it is used. I hope that my newly-invented puzzle o ill obtain favour with your readers, atid that it mar take the place of the poor and weak beheadings and curttilments, which apparently are capable of only one treatment and rhyme-viz., .. if you behead, .. you'll have instead. or, .oetsiled by yea, S.. wil'l come to view. or, ... if you chane tail, .. you'll have without fail, and which, I am sure you will agree, are entirely without wit. merit or originality. My new puzzle will consist chiefly of words from which a letter has boon removed or to which a letter has been added, and may take the place of such productions, stimul»ting the 'fancy in description (Its distingiuishing characterivtic) and creaing a useful intellectual exercise, in which I hope to see many capdidates for your Siture favour-why not the position of " Budget Laureate," a monthly appointment to be madeby you ashrewar'd of merit. I hope lay remarks may not be considered presumptuous, and shall be glad, if this is thought worthy a place in your columns, qs yollur opinions on my new puzz e (the plan), and on the subject generally.-I remain, yours sincerely, THoS. L. HEaIERY, MONOPHONE. No. 1. FIRST, "And Dolly, she was a charming maid," At least. In song it se is said ; And so thinks ' umphrey with his flail Of Dolly that carries the milking-pnil, Oh, many's the time when by me he has linger'd, In ho1e that sweet Dolly might son Iass along, Breathing his soul on a re d liglitly linger'd, And waking the echoes with love's plaintive song. INTERLUDE. By interchange of centre, I Am now oisplaced. you see for why; Perhaps no more of use I'm reckon'd, And so, of course, I fade from second. But though a change has come from choice, I still remain to human voice 'The same, as you shall surely see, If through my next you follow me. BECOND. Sweet Dally and Humph' ey together are wed, But ch inged is her station from that she has led ; In grandeur she lives now In famed London town ; With me is seen gaily to pass up and down. Brave Humphrey (no longer he follows ploughshare) A fortune has made by his industry rare ; With me to content them, they happy must be, Now prAy you unravel this puzzle for me. T. L. HEMERY, REVERSION. No. 2. To scrub, to clean, this word implies; But if you turn it round, The ~riokly head of ev'ry plant Will in the word be found. 8. ROBINSON. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Words. -My primals, downwards read by you, And fina's up, will name A clever riddling friend of ours, Who's gained much Budget fame. GOross Words. I hope you ne'er will come to this, Or you will surely rue. I wis. I tbink this always means delight, So mand and keep it well in sight. Amusement here is often seen, And perhaps you've been there too, I ween. This means behind, and not before, So I shall not explain it more. In thi.th~sailors take delight, And drink their frienids' good health at night, A part of this our human frame, I think my next will also name. MEESSRS. WALKEI AND bTEWART, Astley Green. METAGRAM. No. 4, My first an instrument will name lUsed in..a very pleasant game ; If you'll Just please to change its head, You'll have a certain quadruped ; Change' again, if you take heed You'll find a kind'of plant or seed * Again pleaseeohange. if done right, An animnal now comes to light. ft.you in changing are correct, An Irishman you will detect. Onge more aohange, and then instead 'You't fll d a covering for the head. The process once again re neat, 'ou'll ihave-whereon to wipe your feet. Ohangepuce more now. and then, I ween, A kind bs cisternwill be seen. R. E. D., Exmouth. PALINDROME. No. 5, What babies wear, if you.turn round, The same again will hea be found. .MAX, Fochabers;
LOGOGRIPH. No. 6. A certain kind of vehicle, If you will twice curtail, A substance that we stand upon You'll witness without fail. Now from this substance if you will Just cast the head away, A small conjunction, known to you, Appears as plain as day. E. B.XTBR. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 7. A kind of book, Wherein we look For many a well-loved face; Take centre out, Without a doubt A kind of mineral trace. J. MYERs, Dalton-in-Frness. PROVERB REBUS, No. 8. IO F. W. PETOUBLL. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. To a drink of my whole I am partial, It is so refreshing and good, It's fit for a lord, duke, or mnrshal, And pleasant when taken with food. But, transposed, you'll find it is changed To what we are all bound to do; By Nature 'twas wisely arranged; If we fail, the result we must rue. ANON.
DECAPITATION. No. 10. The coward's companion as whole will appear- The coward's companion when danger is near- Behead. How I hope you've escaped having made, In guessing my riddle, what here is display'd. T,. L. HEAERY, PROVERB BEBUI. No. 11. BOTSPUIR OMEGERAM No. 12. First Brown, one sunny summer day, Next on a country stile; Whilst other boys did laugh and play, He never had a smile. I next that something must be wrong, So unto him did next, "Come, first, my boy; now come along, And do not look so vexed." " I am not vexed, dear friend, not I; But still I cannot play. I'm last," says he, with tear-dimmed eye; !' Poor Carlo died to-day." J. MYEt, Dalton-in-Furness. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. If you aspire my whole to be, I wish you all prosperity; Bue should you take its heart away, The residue will then display A tree, 'neath which you may have stood When strolling through a shady wood. S. FRBAILIN, Manchester.
CHARADE. No. 14. I stood beside a river, and I watched the flowing tide Roll on, with steady motion, to the ocean far and wide, And I wondered if the river, with its never-ceasing flow, Could tell me where my first was found. Oh, how I longed to know I Perhaps in all its wanderings, from the mountain to the sea, It may have found the haunt of that which seemed denied to me. Then it seemed as if the waters for a moment ceased to flow, And its bosom heaved a troubled sigh, and gave its answer- "No." I left the bounding river and wandered through a grove, Where birds, in happy chorus, were singing songs of love ; And methought that in this hallowed spot there is no grief or pain, And I shall surely find my first. But I was wrong again. For the songsters at that moment heard my footsteps on the ground. And their hasty flight soon told me my first I had not found. But, puzzlers, I'll no longer dwell, my first you must desire; I'll try to touch another chord upon the poetic lyre. My second is diminutive, of comparative degree, And a minus sign will show you what the answer ought to be. Oh, deem me not ungenerous, and call me not unkind, If now I leave my second to the judgment of your mind. Oh, don't be what they both express, for if my judgment's sound, You'll not accept my first until my second you have found. Then for my last-what happy days upon one I have spent I (Your geography will tell you for what the word is meant.) How often I have watched the sea, and what sweet music heard! When wearied with this worldly toil, I've strolled upon my third. Ah I there I've often spent sweet hours, and you perhaps as well; 'Tis another word for cape or bay, but which I must not tell Dear reader, have you never watched a child when at play, How, when grown tired of one game, he throws his toys away And then how eagerly he looks around for something more, Until at last, grown tired of that, he treats it as before. " Ah I 'tis but like a child," you say. 'Tis true, I'll not deny. But many of us have the fault-perhaps you as well as I; And if my puzzle teaches you to cast my whole aside, You've beaten me, for I cannot, though I have often tried. G. H. PAINToN LOGOGRIPH. No. 15. The waves that wash upon the shore The leaves that rustle in the wind; The nodding daisies scatter'd o'er Field, lea, and fell; the weeds combin'd; The blossoms on the heathy moor, Or fern and foxglove's stems entwined- In truth, you might enumerate A total, and not overstate. Ten times its head the whole does spell, And twenty times its tail, men say; Behead, reverse, and this doth tell - Where milkmaids bear the pail each dayi (The head flows on through many a dell, The tail, too, onwards rolls away.) Transposed, it shows how months commence, Their sorrows, joys, and incidents. Curtail, transpose, the deserts drear That stretch through Africa are thins Transpose again, and we have here Th' attack of plund'ring enemies; Behead, a help doth now appear, The help of faithful friends it is; Transpose me, and my last, I know, A little maiden's name will show. F. W, PETOHELI, TRANSPOSITION, No. 16. A substance soft and light Will quickly come to sight By writing down a word of letters four i Transpose, and very plain A substance comes again, Very hard and very heavy, I am surd. WAL KIMPTON. METAGRAM. No. 17. An unctuous substance, if you change head, A little vesselyou'll have instead; Change again, and then, I ween, This in ev'ry street is seen; Same again, and then, I trow, People do this who speak very low. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. QUABRE WORDS. No. 18. An English county first please write I Next, I perceive, means to affright; You all have third--I find 'tis taste; My fourth's to eat away and waste; A Spanish town, of repute fair, Write down, and so complete this square. J. P. L., Worcester. OMEGRAM. No. 19. A well-known metal, if you change tail A girl's name you will have without fail ; Change tail again, and if done right, What means to jump will come to sight; Again change tail, and I'll be bound What means not fat will then be found. WILLIA, HENRY. CHARADE. No. S0. I stood upon a dewy first, And watched some busy boys ; They played my second, and I heard Much merriment and noise. Turning around, I soon beheld A very different view; My whole was played by gentlemen And ladies not a few. PHIL HARBOTTLE,
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEgI 1.-Chair, air. 10.-Frank, franc. 2.-Weber, Auber. Thus; 11.-Fallen fortunes. WateR, EVE, BIB, EmU, 12.-Pil-grim-.age, RussiA. 13.-Pipes, pies. 3.-Beauty. 14.--Pride is idle. 4.-Cheap, peach, heap, ape, 15.-Beet, bee. pea. 16.-Jessie, Bessie. 5.-Iris, aster, pink, pansy, 17.-Ginger-bread, rose, snowdrop, May- 18.-Seven, seen. blossom. 19.- O 6.-Bear, pear, fear, near, T H E tear. GRE EN 7.-Trace. carte, re-act,cater. CH S TE 1 8.- CART ALTER ALOE TEA ROSA R T E A M 20.-Wager, waver, water, 9.-Madam, mama, Adam, 21.-Glass-house, Ada. 22.- There was an old woman- And what do you think ? She lived upon nothing But bottles of ink. 23.-Could the dread hydra, by the hero slain, Thrust forth its fangs and pierce the dark blue vein, Thus causing hydro-phobia with the bane ?