RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PhECE-OMEGRAM. (Ohange the nlast letter but one of a word to form another word.)
1.-I sat amid the shadows, for the day had almost flown, And without the winds were sighing in a dreary mono. tone, Roaming through a field of fancy, viewing visions won- drous fair, Lost to all the world around me, building castles in the air; Quaint surmising Quite surprising, Dreaming dreams of beauty rare. I sat amid the shadows in the swiftly-fading light; But the fairest dream of all, dear, on that well-remem- bered night, Was the picture of a maiden, lovely in her girlish grace, Who had eyes so clear and truthful, and a sweet, expres- sive face, Loved and loving Ever proving, Making earth a better place. I sat amid the shadows, for my heart was last and sad, But the maiden whispered something, and that some. thing made me glad; Though the words were few and simple, still the voice was sweet and low, And the shadows for a moment into sunlight seemed to grow, Sorrows leaving, Sunbeams weaving All around with first's bright glow. Too soon the vision vanished, and my dream was at an end; But the maiden was yourself, dear, and you said you were my friend. And as earthly dreams are many, still realities are few, So I'm writing now to ask you, will you make this one come true ? Falt'ring never, I am ever Bound in love's own bonds to you. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 2.-Ye riddlers who have strung your tuneful lyres To sound in all their sweetest strains the praise Of some fair maid whose charms first bosom fires, With whom last hope to spend some happy days, Sing on, oh, still sing on your wooing lays, Strike every chord in tones of truest love; Let every wire or every string that plays Vibrate so sweet, that it your love may move; For, after twenty months of wooing, I Have won the fairest girl beneath the sky. ScRIBBIE. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 3.-While sitting, absorbed in a primal reflection, Alone, in a sweet little nook by the fire, I suddenly heard a loud clatter beside me, And wheeled round my arm.chair the cause to inquire. The room was in darkness, but close by the window A shadowy form I could dimly perceive, And from it such terrible moans were proceeding, That forward I ran its distress to relieve. But when I came near to the strange apparition, My courage gave way to an agonized fear; With quivering steps I crept back to the fireside, And sank in my nook, now so terribly drear; While sitting there seconding, trembling with horror, The noise grew intense as the clang of a drum; The struggling and yelling increased in its fervour, Till noise mingled noise in a clamorous hum. At length I determined to stand it no longer, And, summoning up all my pluck for the task, I stepped boldly forth to the shape near the window, And tremblingly ventured its trouble to ask. Just then a street lamp standing near me was lighted, And-well, you could really have knocked me down fiat- For firmly secured by his tail to the sash-line, Stood sweet little Tiny, my darling tom-cat I I'. G. WEnB, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 4.-Beneath those bending willows in yon churchyard robed in green, Where the skylark gilds with song the passing breeze, r Rests for aye my gentle Minnie, in the sunlight's golden sheen, By the shadows of the nodding chestnut trees. The merry laugh is silent now, the little tongue is still, And those bright blue eyes will open never more; And those pair of loving arms will never clasp my neck until We stand united on a brighter shore. Death met her in the springtime, with the trilling of the lark- 'Twas Nature's requiem that swelled for her; And I ever hear her whispering, " It's growing very dark. From my side, 0 gentle mother, do not stir.' Then came the lark's brief cadence, full of pathos, power, A and grace, - , . As her:golden,curls fell from her snowy brow; i When she started up to press her-burning temples to my face,- : To murmur," Can you hear the birdie now P" Then she sank upon the pillows with the smile of early ...death; .-i. And for hours -I knelt beside her lowly bed ; While the shadows deepened round that little form de. . void of breath, :. , , :,. r :I stood betwixt the living and the dead.- , r The cold, hard grave has won hers yet a stone rests.o'er her monxd,. . Where the daffodil and daisies gaily bloom . And a daily pilgrimage I make to seek the'ielding ground Intlge.gardens of my precious Minnie's tomb.- , : . KTRCHNER, Camberwell. 5.--Zedekiah d1e Mai4hil wasagallant and bold, One of fre6doin 's'light children, just twenty years old; r And,-sure; ne'er such a paragon ever was seen As his love, Rosied hryan, just sweet seventeen. 3 She wiiS dean to his heart, and he'd often declare 1 Thatfor her ev'ry grand deed of hist'ry he'd dare. He wotild 'faiux eimulate gallant Hetotr of Troy, And descend like a tempest the Greeks to destroy; SOr he'd i·ival Achilles,.nd-sweep fromnhis path : . Whole heaps of MhaveiTrojans in tho might of his wrath. SEv'ry day to fair Rosie he poured out his-love, ' -. . And protested that nQthing his firmness could move. :' The sequel's apparent: they)were married one day,: - And were happy together-as story-books say. ' : : .. ..: : .: "LOGOGRIPH. : " (1 wrd wd'ih mayi be tieated as a metagram, decapitation,.dole- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each , ; operationa - SM6.m lrsbii on hife e uncertain stage,---------- i Brinuggeadnees in itd-ttaimu Vac ! t , iet6rieousstill -.ind tery age!. .- r, .=. : : Its enefi aie s t w ere vain . ,'' ., -, , ; , ':Beheatl, transfrie, you've then ~epreesd ed, , . ,:'What oftd atmisery.leads; " a When lodgediwi~thintthethsman li~et '" -: 'Tw illtrge -tr2l :deeds) - ; -.-.,£( I ; ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ - ... r !.lD !f L ::iZ) j 7 W
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 7.-Mnemosyne hath called me, and I must e'en obey, To tarry in the bowers illumined by her ray. I sit within the shadow of swaying linden trees, And fragrant myrtle swinging its clusters to the breeze. Sweet odours of the citron are floating soft around, And blossoms of catalpa in flow'ring grace abound. A nightingale is singing in rapturous strains above, This modern bower transforming to a Euterpe's grove. 'Tween banks of arching foliage glides a meandrous stream, Whereon the crescent lingers with interlucent beam; Commingling with the zephyrs, is wasted to mine ear The music of cautata, melodious add clear. And down the waters gliding, behold a trim caique, Impelled by maiden's efforts towards yon tiny creek. Beneath the starry jasmine the maiden springs ashore. Andfloating on the stillness, repeated o'er and o'er, I hear the varied cadence, the plaint so sweet and low, Like summer zephyr's breathing, or stream's cantorous flow: " Hither from the splendour of a stately home, To seek thee, Bona Dea, in solitude I come. No amulet I carry, no talismanic charm To warn me of a danger, or shield my soul from harm. But thee I pray, fair goddess, the hidden ways unroll, And teach me in a vision the contents of Fate's scroll." She pauses, second, trembling, her earnest gaze on high, Where white.robed angel clondlets are softly gliding by. I bate my breath to hearken, the music thrills me through; A redstart in the laurels has paused to listen, too. "Oh, speak me by the breezes, by cloud or light above, By trees, or by the streamlet that wanders through thy grove." What picture formed the cloudlets ? What answer made the trees? What message rolled the streamlet upon the ambient breeze ? I know not. But a radiance o'erspread the maiden's face ; An answer must have reached her by means I failed to trace. And musingly she launches upon the primal tide, And down the gentle current I watch the light bark glide. Where sky and stream commingle, where shore embraces shore, I lose the graceful maiden, to see her never more. Any BOEHMER. 8.-I'm a sort of kind of second, with a little dash of Sphinx- A poet and a puzzler combined'; But the maiden-girl whose work is to inspire me-the minx- Has just announced that she is not inclined To aid me turn out poems of the graceful, ideal sort That I write, if nearly ev'ry time her work is brought to naught By my making poems puzzles-she has stood it long enough; In fact, Miss Muse is in a most intolerable huff. So I've compromised the matter, and the puzzles that I write Are now designed for puzzles from the first; I permit no deviation from this rule, however slight- No longer writing lengthily as erst. Thus writing I can pass an hour without old primal's aid, That would otherwise be indispensable, I am afraid. In obeying your injunctions, too, I hope you will allow, Mr. Editor, you've no more willing writer than D. Gow. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Dear Harry,-At length I indite you a letter (I hope you'll excuse me not writing before), And trust this will find you in health rather better Than when I last saw you-a twelvemonth or more. I've no news; but, you see, as a dutiful brother, I thought it but right I should fill you a sheet, And also to ask if you, somehow or other, Could manage on Monday to--" Meat, meat! cat's meat !" That's a London street cry ; but 'tis not pleasant-is it ? To be interrupted when writing a line. I wanted to first I shall next you a visit, And to ask you to meet me on Monday at nine. I can't get down earlier, being so busy; But, still, never mind-I am free for a week. Remember me kindly to Jenkins-how is he ? I hear-well, at present a passing train shriek. I hear that Joe Wiggins is going to " Parry," And has a good chance there of getting on well; But now I will end this epistle, dear Harry, There being no more just at present to tell. P.S.-Give my love to aunts, uncles, and nieces; And, by the last, Harry, you knew Mr. Brown ? His business still in-" Creases I fresh watercreases I" Oh, dear! I can do with a week out of town ! ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 10.-A brooklet wandered through the vale, And whispered to a snowdrop pale, " Oh, leave this barren, stony wild, And come where Phoebus bl.ight has smiled. Why modest first thy beauty rare, When Flora's crown thou mightest wear ?" " I but obey my Master's will, Content His mandate to fulfil." Her sweet notes floated through the vale; The heather bowed i'sl crested head,.' As on the breeze the goft Words sped; Away the brooklet's&secbld rolled S efore those words go calm and bold. E. A. Cnox. 11.-Bobby is sulky, he won't :playany longer; Bobby's will'sstrbng, but hii pyissian is stronger. 1 A minute ago we we'e'playing together; Nothing's so sudden as change in the weather. Bobby in temper is cheerful and sunny, To see first his changes is certaiiuly funny. When he acts second.then he gets leather Nothing's so sudden as change in the teatlibr. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. ROTATION CHANGES. " (Ohanfige theldtters of a word in suecesslon to form other words.) 12.-A well.known colour now beh0ld, .," 'Tis a primary one, I'm told. The ocean's tide this next will show Just twice a day 'twixt dbb and flow. Oft in a rustic farmyard seei " Is third, while fourth's in hedge'.n:. , Dark, shtagnant pools, or waters ~pent., :, . r,; ' :t " ·'I irtTh.srint , .n'n._' ," '
In E. L. Holland's meriry rh e, A wasp did last in snmern , time. i The wasp's delighiti'deed of Blee'" Is told in No. 743. AG .OBTES' 13-How quickly it flew as togethertwp sat, '1o7 'talking of this thing and now about that.l.:. Beneath anold secoud,we;satforO.urtalk,,, .. i An soon suggested a n e.litte wk. , IBt stepped on a nail, apd it,ran in mytoot .r Aknd I had a.hard job, sir, to gg offyx 1opt*;n,, -" m , '!out off my fourth, and suceeedgd length In reachinglmyhome, sir, whpicypuctdFaxpiny strength. IBatiwhen Iarrived, ,sir, IeqnpldFpi c in ,:s ,r.a W..I f ~ont~ msc~dda~ep gnxiG,.o: t rk.;
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters. as.ell as the initials. form a Wpbror words.) 14.-A noble statesman who could not be wise- As how can any P-inl'aH people's eyes. But as from earthly scenes he's passed to rest, Let each believe he 'ever did " his best." , ' ' What more can mortals P If he ever failed, Let not his name by any be assailed; For all disputes of earth::and party strife Should be extinguished with the spark of life; All which was bad we'll bury in his grave, ' And all the good we'lloherish, love, and save. Cross Wor(Is.. A name which very few acquire Who seek the laurel and the lyre. An ancient seer and father kind, Who to his children's faults was blind. The fish from which Pope bids us learn to sail' ' "Spread the thin oar, and catch the driving gale." He swallows swords, writes letters with his toes, And spins a dagger on his upturned nose. It grandly sailed along our southern shore;' Old England's ball.dogs growled-'twas seen no more. About its beauties antiquarians stutter, While schoolboys roll and toss it in the gutter. " You're very next; take this," the doctor said. He took his leave. The patient now is dead. Curtail the last, my friends, and then You'll spoil the useful part of pen. A. E. HOOPER. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundationl Word. 15.-In days of yore, long, long ago, I ween, Two hostile armies face to face were seen; The one's base cause was simply power and might, The other side were fighting for the right. On, on they came, in battle's fierce array, The Austrians and the humble Swiss were they; The formers' ranks were perfect to a man, And in the poor.clad Swiss their spears they ran. 'Twas soon quite clear that nothing them could save, Or from defeat preserve those men so brave. Lo i from their midst a patriot steps out, "Come, follow me, my countrymen," doth shout, And to the glittering spear-points bares his breast, Thus opening a passage for the rest. Pierced by a dozen spears, he yields his life, But turns the current of th' unequal strife; For in the gap thus made his comrades run. The day is theirs! the victory is won I No longer will they feel the tyrant's yoke, Which this eventful day for ever broke; And ne'er will they forget the gallant deed Of their brave patriot-martyr, Winkelried. Gioss Words. What thrilling things have happened here of late I And also in this country, I should state. A battle here was fought some months ago. A title which the Arabs oft bestow. A mighty city once, but now 'tis down. A general of Indian renown. A favourite study thiis; it is a store Of great events that passed in days of yore. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London. Foundation Word. 16.-The hero of this con. of mine Has won himself an honoured name. To help you more I tell you this, 'Twas on the stage be gained his fame. Columbia has charmed him now, And placed fresh laurels on his brow. Gross IWords. At the present moment I'm using first to write. Those horses next so swiftly They'll soon be out of sight. "'Tis overrun with third, sir," We hear old John Bull say. " Oh, never moind," says Paddy, " Ould fourth' will have its day." Oh, I'd fifth leave thee, lassie, If I could have my way; But 1 must say last, dear one, And join my ship to.day. ANNIF AA.ROYSTON, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 17.-I stood upon the landing-stage Of Liverpool, one day, And as my first bade me good-bye, I unto him did say: "Although my next may bear you far, Where raging billows roll, Remember we shall ever be " United in my whole." E. TRAFFORD, 18.-First is a vessel made of wood or tin, For second put an interjection in; An animal put down for number three, And fourth a useful article will be. A play or drama for the total see. FITs ANZTARTZ. 19.-A useful extract is myfirst, As likewise is my second; And when this con. is solved, I hope It will a whole be reckoned. J. A. B. YOtrfB1E CTIRTAILDMENTS. (Drop the two last letters of a word. leavin apother vor(.)U, 20.-I asti ding. by the windo,. , And my heart is AlleaW tli , ' - For 'with npisy din and clapur "., ,Comes that Germs;i b 'agaiii, . Ibegan to yrite a riddlQe' . That should puzzle e'vrjyoknlg: But last iilsio of dfrst'esil's' Soon putfall my hopedto flight'- : All my dreams of inspirationr -: They. so rudely brought to naught. Please .iandict them:for a nuisance, Forlm sure that someone ought.. . ". ': ;F. .S E SWSNRDONo 21.-If a foreign people you will doubly eurtail, The country they live ihn yoI will have without fail D. 'HTIoDGriNsoN, REVERSION. (A. Word whtlh read baclcwltr foerms another word.) : 22.--I'min mrde of silver, bas ahad ld,.'' '. - AnW'evry.:'colour Shawr "'P. : No doubt youw'will sa'y,1':.Oh: Or'i A4~rnLi Sssxr; Gresle~