RIDDLE TOUTRNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
(Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-It was a country cottage quaint and grey, And passing by upon my homeward way, I hoLrd from ot the open lattice pane, A lovely voice sing in a sad refrain: " Day is declining Into the night; Liana is shining Radiantly bright; Angels are keeping Watch round a. bed, VWhile I am weeping- B by is dead, My baby is dead I " First, and for ever, Like a bright dream, Over the river, Where the stars gleam! Sadly and lonely Hot tears I shed, I am left only, Baby is dead, My baby is dead. " Pale stars are shining, Henceforth is she 'Neath their bright lining Waiting for me. Bring lovely flowers, And over her spread; Last are the hours, For baby is dead, My baby is dead." MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2.-With Christmas-tide there came a minstrel, Like the first birds was his lay, Giving voices to the cold winds, Poems scattered by the way. As he drank him of the good wine, Then the poet laughed with glee, Crying, " All is glory round me, All is Christmas revelry!" He went straying by the sea-shore, On the strand a radiant pearl, Catching lihunes thrown from the gold-lish, G learned like face of a next girl; And the waters reddened crimson!- In mute reverence did he bow, Crying. " All is God's great glory; He is looking on us now !" Let me dwell where snowy Nature Tells me her gay sprites are nigh; Peer in Nature's soul unfathomed, See the Unseen in her eye ; See 'neath radiant skies the Godhead's Breathings change to glorious showvers; Crying, with the poet preacher. " Nature has eternal hours !" Nature has no death eternal! Where her beauties deck the sod, With the snow e ich charm is leavened, Last-ed with a thought from God! Oh ! we're earthly, but we grasp us, What the singing men may lien, When they cry out in the darkness, " Peace on earth, goodwill to iien ' W\V. SrwrELL, Corkr. 3.-O-ur first is second, fine, and larcge, And very cunning too; She caught a third beneath the fourth The other day, 'tis true. And then she fifth upon the step, And sixth it off like mad. This done, she looked about for more, Which made me rather sad. For I thought what a wretched first, It was to kill things so ; And I felt really, riddling friends, With anger all aglow. Just then a seventh quickly flew Iu through the open door; The first it caught, and then, alas! The seventh was no more. I wish that thirds and sevenths would Just of our house beware, For they've an enemy in it That will them surely snare. AUGUSTA N'. DENNY, Moate. 4.-Some talk about our soldiers, and extol them to the sky, And none think they deserve first praise more heartily than I; But I think that even nobler courage oft is found among The toiling, suff'ring thousands in the city's busy throng. A woman, left a wid w, toiling hard by night and day To support her little children on her miserable pay, Denying herself every little luxury in life, Displays more pluck than e'er is shown when in the heat of strife. A sufferer, too, who on his couch, perhaps, for years has lain, Suppressing, for his loved ones' sakes, all utterance of pain, A hero is; for, oh i it is next harder there to lie, Than in a glorious cause to fight, to conquer or to die. C. F. BARKER, Ramsgate. 5.-My first was stolen by a thief, Who quickly ran away; To second him (he ran so far) It took me all the day. Although he was so swift of foot, He found in me his last. I'm sure I should have lost my first Had I not run so fast. ELBOW MIJ. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each y!llable of which is a word. ) G.-Write down for first a single girl. She may be young or old; The former I prefer myself, If I might be so bold. My last it isn't hard to find, 'Tis seen in ev'ry street; 'Tis also seen in jewell'ry, 'Tis gaudy or 'tis neat. Combine the two, and you will see A pretty town in Kent; 'Tis where I go each Christmas-time, On fun and pleasure bent. J. G. BROOMtFIELD. 7.-My first's a word of letters three, an adjective bedight, And no amount of polishing will ever make me bright; On next you will not waste much time, of that there is no doubt, For call upon me when you will, you'll never find me out; My third, though very odd it seems, yet not more strange than true, Is never found with me or mine, but always is with you; When joyful thoughts our hearts engage, you wish me far away, But when in sorrow or in pain will for my coming pray; My final's but; a letter, which you'll plainly see in clothes; A word oft used in music for my total please disclose. J. A. MAnsaaLL. 8.-Have I a master, who would stay My strength as I sweep along the land ? How the green groves of the forest play Through the bright hours of the summer day, Touch'd by an unseen hand I She is beautiful, good, and true, And worth all the gold I care to know; Her cheeks are pink, and her eyes are blue; Her virtues many, her faults are few; Would that they all were so I Useful in far more ways than one, My pow'rs of metal and wood are tried Where many a hard day's work is done, But from morning's dawn to set of sun For rest have never cried. A, H. SCALES.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drip the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 9.-" Gaspard, from your turrets' height Watch for dove, or raven-kite! For, their young decoyed by foes, Babbling daws make carrion crows; And this C0cile will, though caged, Fire such wrath as never raged. Therefore, thou, unseen, unheard, Keep safe watch, and first sure word !" " Come, my henchman staunch and true, Shalt thy chieftain win or rue ? Will my coffers last and clang With red l'or and gay l'argeut ? Or this end as Maron saith- Ccile's ransom be my death ? " Plunge the foe upon the stair P? Ho! my falchion. To it-dare! But, methinks- Go, falchion, back; 'Tis bluff Gasplrd with his clack Rude. Now, varlets, why this force ? Fates! my henchman, or his corse !" SIBYL's ELEGY. "Thou'rt lord no more of this brigand lair, Griffe du Diable! Reptile pliable! Thy captive's in heaven-thy menial's there Ho! ho! he's blasted ! See contrasted His flaming face and his hoary hair ! " Old Gaspard straight as a javelin stood- Ha! ha! ha! ha! The lightning loves steel, and the lightning loves wood- Ha! hal ha ha! Into the night he gazed with affright, For over the moat sped a phantom white- Oh, so wau and pale !--pale as the veil That swept like a cloud on the crest of the gale. " Her eyes imploring Heaven's blessing, Her voiceless inner voice confessing. Her hands h-er mournful bosom pressing, Thi; snowflake tied the night. Up to her mother-cloud alluring, Whence soft there fell a voice, conjuring, All persuading, reassuring, Watm and mellow, low and light. " Thy wretch his halberd raised, Would have flung it-he was crazed- When the lightning round it blazed, And be fell! With a solemn ring and clash, Fled to Hades like a flash. And that ultramunldane clash Is thy knell!" W. A. CooPER. 10.-" My boy," the master sternly said, " Your conduct's far from right, I think you're very much to first For showing so much spite." " Why don't you bring your dog along ?" My comrade, Tom, did say. " Because," I auswered. "he's quite last From running yesterday." S. W. HAYES, Worcester. 11.-Keen pleasure's every sense alivy' withal, I seek enjoyment at. the play to.night, Where vivid scenes my eager vision thrall, Which Shakespeare's genius offers to my sight. By precious faculty, I also feel Sweet strains of music swelling in my soul; So lie these words sullicient to reveal My second, third, and plainly, too, my whole. R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham. 12.-My first will lie a point of land; Mdy final will display An animal seen in the Zoo. What is it, riddlers, pray ? IPRIvaIATUR, ANAGRAMS ON RIDDLERS. 13.-The trader beat Ben in a most shameful way, And Ben vows that he will that trader repay. If we did but make the attempt, sir, we'd fall, And p'r'aps break a leg, which would not do at all. That isn't the picture; I mean one of these, With farmhouse and farmyard half-hidden by trees. 0! get Grey or Cooper to help you to read, And then, I believe, you will really succeed. Nay, Torr, I am only a servant, you know, And if I don't ask, why, I'm sure I can't go. Oh I do, papa, rig me a nice little yacht, And then let me sail it in this pretty spot. We'll go to the Grange, or get Harry and Sue To come, and we'll then have companions for you. NON OsNIs MORTIR. HIDDEN BEASTS AND FISHES. 14.-There perched a parrot, terrified with fear; A grim old cat is slyly creeping near. Her ring would be a very safe retreat, But Tom in no way wishes for defeat. Dark clouds, meanwhile, came looming up the sky; As suddenly however, they passed by. I pointed out to Ned a certain tree; " Beneath its shade await awhile for me." The weather, at first so warm and light, As quickly changes to the blackest night. No, no, dear Fred. You know I go at eight, And must not be a single moment late. Good Leo, pardon us, and truly we Will promise always fondly to love thee. T. CARPENTER. ENIGMAS. 15.-I'm something which I hope you'll see Increasing every year; And though to every one I'm cheap, To many I am dear. I give advice to all who seek, And they are not a tew; In many things I'm very strong, And yet I'm weekly, too. I show the penalty of sin, Of wisdom I'm possessed. And yet I'm always taken in bly those who lihke me hest. Cursso.e STAR, Stratford. 16.-I live amid the bayonet's clash, Or e'en the deadly cannon's crash In fiercest battle; But yet, I ween, am always found In grassy meadows, where abound The browsing cattle. I dwell with stars that twinkle bright, And Luna, lovely Queen of Night. My form revealeth; Likewise I go with dreaded death, Who, from the stricken, precious breath So often stealeth. W. No:.AN, G!onmel. 17.-I wave o'er mast, and fort, and tower, O'er royal home, from island bower; I'm known and feared o'er land and wave, The hope of freedom to the slave. But what a change I Behold me-I Oft 'neath your feet am made to lie. And, changed again, I'm in the stream, Where my gay yellow blossoms gleam; When dried, my withered form they take, And nto mats and baskets make. Hioe BOOT.