RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTTe
(A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation WYord. 1.-I greet you, fair riddler! and may you live long To gladden the Young Folks with many a song. Cross TYords. A first if we next when the weather's so hot, M ay perhaps be sublime, but I think it is not. Y on third are so clever, I fear to " intrude;" B ut please do not fancy I mean to be rude. O f this wondrous country we often have read, E icuse me not telling its name. It is said H igh up in that wood a fifth hermit there dwells. M uch feared for his dealings in magic and spells; E xciting the seventh where sixth doth appear, R evealer of legends, mysterious seer. C ome next to the reaping in ninth lovely field: L ook, what a rich harvest the golden ears yield! E ach last who doth tenth next our riddling rhymes, V otes them a trifle perplexing sometimes. E ach riddler, I'm certain, delights to amuse. R ead " Tournament" columns, for if you peruse R ight many a con., then I think you will find I n guessing the puzzles 'twill sharpen the mind. D elightful this page is to riddling wights, D o not you agree, gentle ladies and knights ? L ight fails-it is evening. I cannot write more, E xcase this abruptness, dear friends, I implore: R eceive my farewells and good wishes galore. LOTTIE W. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The final totters. as well as thie nitials, form a word. or words.) Foendation Words. 2. -The river's banks are sweetly fair With their verdant grass and trees; We think no more of toil and care, But seek our peace and plenty there, Wooing the wand'ring breeze. Our boat shall float while we can row, Till the sunset lights the west; Then we will bid our labour go, And tell the stream to ebb and flow, Whilst we recline and rest. Cross Wllords. Direct descendant from old blustering Boreas, Makes now an entrance anything but glorious. In piteous mood I saw a jilted swain, Who sang a song with this forlorn refrain. In verse Longfellow has immortalized- The only verse of his I e'er despised. " Six and eightpence." There you are, you see. No service here, if you pay not the fee. Where skies are ever blue and beauty reigns: It feeds the peasant of the scorching plains. " Hard work kills no one "-so the saying goes. Therefore we rank it, first of all our foes. A. H. SCALES. MIETAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-Who tried to first a next one morn, To grace the table and adorn, But let it in the oven burn ? The amateur. Who gaily fishing goes one day. But one bite gets his time to pay, And home returns not quite so gay P The amateur? Who on the third a-sailing goes, A gust ot wind soon overthrows; Returns with spirits damp, and clothes ? The amateur. Who is it seeks to fourth a coat, And makes it tight around the throat, And vainly thinks no one will note ? The amateur. Who is it sketches on the bank, A future people, says, will thank ; His pictures with the best will rank ? The amatcur. Who for his gat den-" happy thought!"- A fifth and hoe and shovel bought. With slugs and worms so bravely fought The amateur. Who, for her sixth he did adore, A " poem " writes ( n " Days of Yore," With " Oh's" and " Ah, me's !" full a score ? The amateur. Who is it, eager to recite, Moving his hands as if to fight, Mumbles the words and thinks it rightr The amateur. Who, when he's asked seventh the chair, Passes his fingers through his hair, And makes a speech no one can bear ? The amateur. Who strives with all his might and main Of music five to eighth a strain, And will not see 'tit all in vain ? The amateur. Who is it at a concert sings, A little song for encore brings, A screaming note in triumph rings t The amateur. Who is it seeks to get in print (Dear Editor, please take the hint). Of time and trouble wastes a mint ? The amateur. EDITH K. RENDLE. 4.-A gentleman whose first is here, RIt iddlers ought to know him well, C omposes rhymes, to all so dear, H is last is spread o'er hill and dell. E very one enjoys his verse; R iddlers like to him are scarce. B ut now I'll close. I know no more. A. C. LORRAINE. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the contre of a word to form another.) 5.-In a gaol I met my first, With his bunch of keys a.jingling; You would tell me, it you durst, That with felons I was mingling. And for fear, sirs, that you might, I say I was merely walking Through the prison grounds that night, With this proud official talking. He insulted me, dear men, So I stole his central letter; To a fowl that changed him then. It will teach him to know better. W. G. StUpson', Clonmel. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM,. (The last letter of a word is cllanged to form another word In the narrative.) 6.-Loudly crashed the mighty thunder, vivid lightning flashed o'erhead, Rending sky and clouds asunder, with a lurid glare of red; Swiftly came the rain down pouring on the snowy-crested waves, While the tempest, loudly roaring, like a mighty demon raves; And upon the storm-tossed ocean rode a vessel, taut and gay, Spite the terrible commotion, sped she gaily on her way. Now the morn to night succeeding, storm no more the sea doth mar, And the vessel, gaily speeding, gains at length the har. bour bar. J.A. A&ARSALL. CHARADE. (I'ormei on a word each syllable or which is a word.l 7.-My tirst's a word expressive of content At anything well done, well sung, or said. My n-xt restrains the sailor, rashly bout, Or slumbers silent underneath his tread. Mv total greets the ear when motley brings Before the eager eye his garish plays, And finuds an utterance when of wondrous things The realms of Art and Nature make displays. R. C. LOVELEsS, Birmingham.
PRECE.OMEGRAM. (change the last letter but one ~,f a word to form another Wcrd.l 8.-Tom Dupher loved Matilda Jane With all his fiery heart, And swore that not a man on earth The maid from him shoull part. Yet there was not the slightest doubt Will Mussle loved her too; And Mussle (who with Dupher lodgad), His rival's flourish knew. To win Matilda Jane each tried, With unremitted zeal; To first-ly trick his foe, Will tied Behind his back on eel. And when Tom Dupher sallied forth The lovely maid to meet, Ten thousand dogs and cats pursued His coat-tails up the street. She laughed so when she saw his plight, That sadly Tom went home, And, sitting in his lodging-house, A Began with rage to foam. Next morning, Mussle (dressed in best) Flew off sweet Jane to meet; But, in his turn, the cats and dogs Pursued him up the street. His rival, in poor Mtussle's boots, Had rubbed some fine goose greese; Matilda next the helpless youth His unrought friendship cease. So each one lost this charming girl, Who sought another beau; And married were the lovers in About six months or so. F. G. WEBn, Southwark. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.i 9.-First puzzle-writers from our Ed. Do not aiwelcome lack. Deserters too-lie would be glad If they would-well, come back. If Harry Price would but return, What a sur-pirise 'twould be! rm sure his cons., as Litherto, They Price-less gems would be. I think this coin. I'll last con-clude (D'ye see it, eh ? Another pun). I hope you will not think them pun.y, But hope they may have caused some fun. T. RorsTON, Birmingham. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, deca pitation,drle. tion, and traulspolition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 10.-Dear riddlers, let me tell you that I shall but little mind If on our puzzle pages my name I chance to find; And if Editor will pass the con. which I this week have sent, I'll try to win a leading place in this our " Tournament." Whene'er a first is given, which is generally dlone At Christmas, if no other time, you'll much enjoy the fun. A second of the first you'll have, if you will phcase curtail. Decapitate it, then to see my third you cannot fail. I wish that I possessed it. then themakingof this rhyme Would not take up so very large a portion of my time. Transpose it, then a rodent much objected to you'll see, Though if you tame a little onie a pleasure it will be. Again transpose to find my fifth ; its use is very great; That it's obtained from timber I should not forgeT to state. ANa E A. Ruesrc.. 11.-This means to punish ; primal change, And then within your vision's range A covering for the foot will be. Decapitate, then you'll aree That railors, while upon the main, By means of this can ascertain The speed at which the vessel goes. Now primal change-'twill then disclose A quadruped oft seen by you. Now central change-'twill bring to view A word which means to excavate. Change head; it then will indicate A fruit, in flavour rich and sweet. The changing process please repeat; This you can see if you will stop And look in any barber's shop. If you will once more change my head, You'll find a stubborn quadruped. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different moaning with each change of pronulcialtionu. 12.-The pen I hold doth slowly creep Through e'en a line of song- A line from it, perhaps, will flow, But 'tis run dry ere long. The first may howl, in darkness fly Athwart the hidden world; For if my craft, Sweet Poetry, I launch, 'tis backward hurled. Or if a couplet I un.next From Thalia's tangled store, The tiny thread, so slight and frail, Melts from my gaze once more. So thus, whene'er I strive to rhyme, Or to Parnassus' height to climb, 1 lose myself in the sublime Of utter conlessness. AcGONISTES. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostio. Theletters of cross words that are ltomani numerals expressed in tgures.) Foundation W'ord. 13.-M-y primals bring unto your view A liquid used by all of you. Cross Words. 50 and kehw A kind of fish is this, I ween; It lives within a shell. 101 ,, fraa A cantinent this will disclose, Which you all know quite well. 1 ,, regt A vicious animal is this. 1,550 ,, reae A precious stone-'tis green. 1 ,, hner A European river now Is very plainly seen. E. F. ENIGMA. 14.-I'm here, I'm there, and everywhere, No matter where you go ; I'm long, I'm short, I'm round, I'm square, And every colour show; High in the air I'm ofttimes seen, Though quickly I descend; From the beginning I have been, And shall be to the end; I'm dearly bought, I'm dearly sold; Sometimes I'm thrown away. This little con. try to unfold: And now I say good day. Ansis S. GRESLEY, Burton.-On-Trent.e REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 15.-There is a town in Ireland, Now, if you find it out And then reverse it, it still will stand The same, without a doubt. PaTnRc. 16.-A metal bar-its use is great For raising articles of weight. My next's a feast of noisy kind, Got up for men of riotous mind. W. Woatr.