RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
Our esteemed contributor T. L. HEMERY, the inventor of the polyphone and monophone, favours us with a new kind of puzzle, which we to.day submit to our readers. We preface it with his own explanation: THE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. ExPLANATION.-In the usual transposition the solution is required and obtained by description of the words. In the narrative transposition the words themselves are used, and the solver must discover them within the lines of the verse of which they form a part. GnAL RULE.-Each word of a transposition should be given in a verse not exceeding four lines. By the number of verses the solver will know of how many words the puzzle consists. (See example.) In order that the puzzle may be readable and attractive, it is essential that the narrative should be maintained throughout the verses, no matter how many are used. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1. With visors drawn, the armoured knights advance On prancing chargers, eager for the fray; Now firm in rest they couch the deadly lance, And, dashing forward, soon they prostrate lay. Bless me ! Why, one of them is Lord Tom Noddy Of legendary fame, well known of yore ! Alas! poor man, he's run clean through the body ! Full well he fought, but now he'll fight no more. No royal " cloth of gold," as sings the bard, No "ladye fayre" to stay life's ebbing flood, No "fleur de lie "-it had been raining hard, And so the field was aucle deep in mud. MESSAGE. In first is a word, Transposed, as you'll see, In second and third; "Pray spell them to me. T. L. HEMERT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 2. At first, where pleasure seizes all, My second, on the well-paved hall, Young Harry dances gay, Nor yet desists until they all Have, weary, fallen away. A letter ta'en from first will call The second-now, good day. P. M'CALL, Dublin.
ENIGMA. No. 3. It comes at night, with bitter heed, A trouble and a fright; You're killed by it, but do not die; You groan throughout the night, And on your breast an incubus, It seems to press you so. A fiend so dread to serve you thus- Its name I'd like to know. E. F. B. DECAPITATION. No. 4. Whole is an animal, I ween, That in green fields is often seen; Behead, and what is left will show More than my single self, I trow. H. R. BODURE. PROVERB REBUS. No, 5. W. BrowiE, Lancaster. HIDDEN NAMES. No. 6. Many thanks for your letter- Received it to-day. Glad to hear you were better, And willing to stay. To-morrow I'm going To spend with grandma; You know that she's makirg Some cuffs for papa. She said I'd assist her When here yesterday, So I jumped up and kissed her, Too thankful to say. For such a short note You'll complain, I darosay; But I'm going in a boat, So I wish you good day, DELIA H. CHARADE. No. 7. My first is but an insect small, No doubt it's well known to you all; My second ladies young oft do, Though afterwards most of them rue. Pray join the two together right, A pretty deer will come to sight. C. A. CLARKE. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8.
I i A. STEPHENSON, Liverpool. HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 9. Nellie saw a lone, vain flower Grow high in stately pride Ere wicked hands its leafy bower Approached it to deride. "Do not me sever, naughty girl I" It cried, in pale dismay. With dewy eyes, she heard this pearl Of flowers thus inveigh. Aroused to anger, Nellie leaned To pull this flower proud, When nasty nettles intervened, Which made her cry aloud. P. M'CALL, Dublin. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 10. For first just take one.third of sea; My next a card will surely be; A river third will to you bring; My fourth is emblem of a king ; My next together joined will mean; And sixth on the tea.table's seen; For last put down one.third of eye. And now, kind friends, I'11 say good.bye. KAIRON.
CHARADES. No. 11. Beneath the whisp'ring elm trees, where The dancing shadows play, I and my cousin Maud unfair Heard second's mellow lay. "Look !" cried sweet Maud, "the second's first I Hark to the warbled note I See how it sings, as if 'twould burst Its throbbing primal throat." "Dear Maud," I said, "with pain I say I know the sound of old. Hark ! Now dost hear again the lay - In measured cadence rolled ? " Those full, clear notes, with music rife, Why, any fool would know The throstle's song, I lay my life ! I bet my boots 'tis so I" "Art mad ?" cried she, in fierce disdain. " The last is first as night. Pray look on yonder bough again, And you'll confess me right. The last is first, and first the last, So last you see's a whole. But why should I my logic cast At such a stubborn mole ?" Then bowed I my diminished head, And owned my judgment wrong, And never since have I been led To quarrel for a song. WooDEner CnERLIKETERNos No. 12. My first is a fish, deprived of its tail; My next in seclusion you surely may find; My third you must beat, if you wish it to speak; And my whole, if a good one, willpuzzle the mind, C. B, SMnTH. No. 13. I once saw a garden where flowers grew entwining, It was a delightful and picturesque scene, For the first on this beautiful garden was shining, Adorning the aspect of nature so green. The way that the flowers together were blended Was decidedly pretty, and exquisite, too; Each second seemed planted as if 'twas intended To add greater charms to this sweet, pretty view. The leaves of the foxglove and myrtle were swaying, The lily so fair stood with loftiest mien, But the tulip stood stiff and erect, as if saying "Bow down, ye low menials; of flowers I am queen I" I gazed on the beauties of nature around me, On the hills, with their narrow and steep winding ways; The sun's golden orb did completely astound me, And at last on a whole I did rivet my gaze. II. V. BARmLL, METAGRAM. No. 11.. My first, I am sure, most of us feel When we are in great danger, Although, of course, unto the brave It often is a stranger. My next you'll find's a kind of fruit Which grows upon a tree; And third a royal character In Shakespeare's plays you'll see. My fourth has oft come from your eye; My fifth does mean behind; In last a wild beast you will see. So now my answer find. FRANK 0'C. DECAPITATION. No. 15. A fruitful country in the south; Deprive it of its head, A word denoting suffering Appears to you instead. W. H. BIRD, Iolloway. TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. My first you'll find in porch and hall, In fact, it is a table small; If you will kindly this transpose, A combat it will then disclose. RED DAGON.s CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. My whole's a kind of play, But when deprived of heart, Now of yourself you'll say . It surely is a part. E. HowARD. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. This creeps upon us sooner than we think, And damps youth's ardour, and our strength must yield; Next has many a hero caused to sink And die forgotten on the battlefield; True to his country, true unto the third, And in the land of foes to be interred. C. FrasER. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My first is always seen in nap; And second is a snare or trap; For next an arbour please put down; And fifth will name an English town. Part of our frame for next you'll see; And last is always found in tree. Centres, if by you read aright, An English town will come to sight. ALBERT E IU.