DLE TOURNAMENT. MI , ETA-OMEGaMS.
,nlthe f ,s o st letters of a word to form another word, -e1 lrst din the na psative.) ,ore I come forward, a cause to complain, the more of the public at large, the sake onda out are in trouble again te oaot roered they wilfully charge c'ls sta rol w and disturbing the peace, 'oniting such sins not a few, eoef youths whose rare jokes never cease, sre known far and near as "Those two" l editrict I hear's in a pitiful state, he people are gloomy and sad; esides these two scapegraces, let me relate, ene else is still mandoline mad 1 ora musical treat you're inclined, r oir to this neighbourhood-do, .ai boar what will send you right out of your mind, onlist a short while to "those two" I it chemical knowledge is wonderful, too, tt diger they daringly scoff; their powders and acids whose names not a few dit I am ignorant of I tey fill the whole house with a stifling perfume, ing all that is natty and new; the dirty, dense smoke penetrates through each h he marvellous freaks of "those two" I t they really don't know, let it here be confessed, problem unanswcred by all! yko how to get into misobief the best- I fear me they doubtless will fall rictims to Narwood's successor at last, d the public will giggle and coo Il eir troubles and cares will be over and past hen the wor}d is quite rid of " those two" Manmon TAYLOR, Birkenhead. b cricket's the game for all Britons to play- Itstreagthens the lungs and the muscle; bc joyful excitement of fielding all day Is better than any close tussle. ow joyful you feel when, with confident air, And cheeks that are just a shade paler, onu walk in to bat, and, as soon as you're there, 'alk out again, bowled by a ";bailer" I r when, after waiting so long for a catch, One as straight as a die to you goes- ou know if you hold it, 'twill win you the match- And at last it comes plump on your nose I ;ain, when you've bowled down of overs a score, And at last make the middle stump fall, ow sweet 'tis to hear, in a mild sort of roar, From the other side's umpire, " No ball !" "'. PARKER, tHerne Hill. 3.-0oly a hair in the butter- Only a hair-nothing more I 01, the look in his eyes when he saw it, And the tone of his voice when he swore I Perchance the fair maid of the kitchen Had combed out her beautiful hair Over the.nicely-spread table, And left that memento there. He rose from his unfinished breakfast, And said, when he got down stairs, That he always was partial to rabbits, But never did care about hairs ! LILIAN HI. K. DOUOLAs, Camberwell. META-OMIEGRAM. ie the iret and last letters of a word to form another word.) t-I'm not a man of haughty mien: On all good folks I gently beam- At least, that's my endeavour; I meet a friend; I must admit A smile across his face may flit, But I smile on for ever. To birthday parties, balls, and fete Igo, to mingle with the great, And talk about the weather; Some folks (poor mortals !) wish that they Could find out what they ought to say, But I talk on for ever. At Lady B.'s, the other night I fell in love-oh, hapless plight! I shall recover never; Her name is first-a lovely girl; Her charms have made my poor head whirl, And I shall love for ever. liy suit it prospered-day and night 1 kept my lovely girl in sight; Ah, then I lived in clover. But when I urged my longing suit, Bhe frowns, and stamps her pretty foot. "What I must I woo for ever ?" "Nay, Master B,, your smile so mild And talk incessant drive me wild, So we had better sever." I still smile on-myitalk ,ill flow; No one could tell who did not know Thatfirst is last for ever. S. MILLS, Birmingham. DELETION. rolaletter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 5.-I well remember, oh, my own, The day we both together, In happiness wrought by our love, - Strolled first the thick, wild heather. Cool zephyrs kissed my lips, I know, But they were less divine Than kisses whie.h I tasted from Those tender lips of thine. And last the.sun shone at its best, To me it did not seem To have the lustre of your face, Which then did on me beam. GERALDINE. ADDITION. daletter to the wold chosen to make another word.) 6'-There wandered in a garden fair A very sentimental pair, Who talked a language strange and queer From aught that I did ever hear. I listened though I was not seen, And doubtless it was very mean; But then the impulse was so strong, Ipondered not of right or wrong. The scene was such a farce to me, Sould have screamed with very glee; Tohear and witness such a sight Oas quite enough to kill outright. h, Mars !" said I, " if this first love, Thray that I may never prove The force of it upon myself- No, not fworlds and worlds of pelf ; - d rather be a little staft, Toy about so free, unvexed, Tan be in love with any maid 'at ever Cupid's will oboyd'." PacK, Ballymena. * ENIGMA. 7.-Is very light, And colour white; Seen high and low; " il, come and go, :" .* . o , Y, LarIIAs,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop thq first letter of i word, leaving another word.) ( 8.- O riddling maids and knights, I'm glad to meet you Once more amid the merry " Tourney" throng, And very happy now am I to greet you With wishes far, far better than my song. Of late I have not often had the pleasure Of tilting with some rival brave and bold; But 'tis because I've had bat scanty leisure- Noht that my love for rid-lli._ng's growing cold. Besides, I here perbaps had better mention My lyre and I've been parted till to-day (To keep it safe was " uncle's " kind intention Until a trifling loan I chose to pay). But now I have regained it, and my fingers Run o'er its strings last merrily again; And so i'm fain to join the "Tourney" singers, And carol to a first and lively strain. So once again, dear friends, I give you greeting, And soon you'll see me oftener than of yore; I'll strum my lyre at every "Tourney" meeting, To better purpose than I did before. A. AMBERLEY, E Manchester. 9.-If you should ever weary be, You'll find me full of charms; And with all trust and confidence Repose within my arms. Bet should my head be lost, instead Of ease and rest in me, _No doubt with me all hung around Your aching head will be. If so, and you should long for aught That will a coolness bring, Just take away my head once more, I am the very thing. STYTAx AND V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 10.-The gaslit room-he's sitting there, Disord'ring all his bright brown hair, Hard at work one problem over- The ceaseless problem of a lover : Does she care P All his thoughts one channel turning, Like hot metal, molten, burning, One channel fashioned to receive And shape all that nlext mind could weave: To all first sentence bears, Yes, she cares I J. W. TAYLOR, Middlesborough. 11.-A delicious kind of fruit If you will please behead, You will surely find A part of you instead. H. CARTER. 12.-For first a kind of cake you'll see; Behead, a sugar next will be; Again behead, and if 'tis right A number you will bring to sight. ROSE CUMINOS. 13.-Behead a European kingdom for me, And a word for suffering then it will be. QUILLE PENNE. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 14.-There was a man extremely shy Whose name was Abel Gray; There was a maid whose heart beat high Whene'er he came her way. Abel adored the beauteous Bello; And though to his big toe lie ached with passion's twinges fell, He durst not tell her so. One day he wrote upon his carte The word " Acceptable ?" [Accept Abel?], And sent it with a transfixed heart To his belovd. Belle. Now, to be complimentary, And shrewdness to display, She wrote on hers immediately "Acceptable ? [Accept a Belle P] Please say." Now, out of these "acceptables," Unless you have no wit, You'll soon discover wedding bells, As consequence most fit. MARIE ZIMMERMAE N. CENTRAL CHANGES.. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-Not few are the troubles of persons in lodgings, And I a great many could tell; Of tea that's so wat'ry, of- No, I'll not first them, 'Twould fill a whole column quite well. But e'en-as I'm writing I think I shall have to Abruptly break off,in the middle, And promptly go down and demolish that tyrant Who's trying to play on a fiddle. The horrible noises I hear whilst I'm sleeping, The sounds which I hear when awake, All emanate from that dark dungeon below, where That monster himself will betake. And many times-often it's getting near morning- 'I've had to destroy a good riddle, My mind sext confused, and my temper aroused, By hearing.that wretch with the fiddle. J. StocKs, Lambeth. 16.--".Let us drive to London town," Cries out Freddie, frank and fair; " Mother's first shall be our next, For a horse we'll have a chair: On it Jack and I can ride; Ladies, you must sit inside. "'Have yot{ got your shawls in there, And a luncheop-basket, too? When it's time to eat, you mnow, We'll come inand dine with you. Jacky; please the trumpet blow, Crack the whip, and off we go." QUEENIE, Chester. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 17.-Oh, critics, I vowed you were first and unfeeling When I read your remarks on my sweet, pretty lays, And I fear in a fit of ill-huniour I'm dealing, Because.better writers absorb all your praise. You will say that of next I am terribly callow, And laugh at the pain of a rhymester so-young,, While I with the spleen have grown awfully sallow, And take it to heart that I've been so much stung. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, teform a word, or words.) . Fosudation Wo'rds. 18.--My lirst is very oft in iuse; My wseconed's made in many hues, , Cros Woerds. Gay and.airy, Pretty fairy. This is a counntrylfull of woe, SAs many of our riddlers know, On me, 'tis said,. .oth stand your head. LrLen Bo-PEEP. * .CONUNDRUM. 19.-A very'·niall dop. I am going to repeat, 'Tis not bs the sky, nor the ocean: Can any one tel inse the reason a street Resdambleo Verrietual motion ' 0, Saoagr, Mile End.
TRINOGRlAM. (Change the third letter of a wold to form another word. Only words composed of six letters and upwards are eligible.) 20.-I have issued from my hiding, Whence I viewed you, kinsfolk, riding In the "Tourney's " fair arena, with faces so bright and calm, For a yearning deep's possessed me To compete and try to best ye, And the sign whereby you'll know me is the name of " Ti inogram." But as you, of course, well know me, I'll no longer wait to show ye What great primals I'd in view when I entered the "Tourney" page; I will merely tell your patrons, Those brave. knights and stately matrons, That I am the latest final of this Victorian age. I'm a not far-off relation Of the" Metagram".ic nation, As you'll surely see, O riddlers, by the surname I have ta'en; And I may as well here mention (While the "'grams" don't pay attention), That the best way you can help me is to bring me here again. By your kind co-operation I'll cause utter consternation 'Mong my " Meta," "Beta," "Duaa," and" Omegram". atic kin, And whene'er they recognize me, They had better not despise me, For I truly do assure you that I'll do my best to win. D. Monsus, Glasgow. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 21.-'M idst golden grain I stand, where poppies blow A nd bright.eyed cornfloweqs 'twixt the long stalks peep; R efulgent gleams the sun; the distant flow I hear of the stream, whose chanting deep E ver has charms for me. Around me play Z ephyrs-warm zeohyrs, whose soft touch and light I dream is the caressing of some fay. 'K ongst the tall hedgerow, where the wild flowers bright M ake the surrounding air rich with perfume, E xultingly the bees bum as they fly, R esigning this for that more houcyed bloom. K y heart is filled with ple Lsures, yet firat I A bandon all, if t neat once more be N ear those I love so well, and know that we N ever should part till death our souls should free. EDITH K. RENDLE. (Wtith Apolgies to Longfellow.) 22.-All are rhymers in this page, Working for a famous name; Some with songs that are the rage, Some with verses very lame. But yet nothing useless is- Printed ones are much the best; And the fathomless abyss Of the basket gets the rest. For the versos that we write Are by many people seen; And we never must indite Any that are poor and mean. Deftly fashion what yon send- Leave no horrid rhymes betwoon; For the lines that do not blend By the lynx.eyed Ed. are seen, Let us do our work as well As the more experienced ones; For 'tisa tremendous sell When rejected are our cons. Let us, then, with courage strong First a lesson from the past; Last complete our simplest song, Till among the ones we're clasced Who have to the heights attained Of the "Riddle Tournament," And still there have they remained, Bright reward of labour spent. IVANInOE, Belfast. 23.-My first is used to make our bread; The London noxts are vast; sMy third is surely in your head; And fourth goes very fast. J. R. RoBEXnTsoN, Mcthenrell. 21.-A vegetable in first you view, I'm sure it is well known to you; Now if you'll kindly changeoits head, A word for join you'll have instead. H. F. FAnnIs. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 25.-The swallows were skimming the meadows o'er, The river sang loud and gay, And the bees were gath'ring their luscious store On a verdant springtime day. Down a country lane tripped a modest maid, On her cheeks a ruddy glow; And nut-brown hair, 'neath a broad-brimmed shade, Surmounted her lovely brow. From the other way, quite of course by chance, Strode a sturdy youth along- The fairy vision caused his heart to dance, And to cease. his merry song. To the cheeks of each first the tell-tale blush, Their heads. ntet close together; And it seemed their lips were touching, and- Tush ! P'z'aps praised the lovely weather I A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne, CURTAILMENT. (Drolp the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 26.-'Tis passing sweet to glide along A smoothly-flowing river- To neat the first which dreamers love, To court the great Dream-Giver. To hear each songster's plaintive strains, The water's lull relieving; A solace in its melody For saddened hearts and grieving, To view the bhanteous hues above s, In brightest grandeur blending, Reflecting shadows of a Home To which we're slowly wending. THE SiAMROcK AND THE RoSE TRIPTICIIH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the lest syllableof the first sad the first syllable of the secondJ Triptich. ) 27.--In the forest, wood, and thicket I am growing, I am born; Felled, I am sent-to the market, Then with sharp teeth I am torn. First Word. When you scan a daily paper, Searching for a late sensation, Should it be but brief and meagre,. Feel you then pangs of vexation. But if you should flndaspedeei, sBir, By a leader on his " actibo ' irst; and truly *drttithe reading, Is it toyburt satisfaction - . Second Word. A sunccilent,,Pilip fruit am I, ' l My varieties are many; I'm eatableand poisonous, and ~ont enain Iseeds in any. -, · Yw D4 TAILo -Watrington,
. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Dros the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 28.--I'm eccentric in my thinking, Where I follow no man's rule; Indeed, upon this subject I might almost start a school. Now, for the benefit of those Who think my words are vain, I'll take a common subject up, And follow out the " train." I look out through my casement, And a lovely moon I see High riding in the azure vault (Just where it last to be). And from the moon my thoughts revert- Reversions I think fair- To the poor lonely man who spends His days and weeks up there. Is't he who digs the cavities We read so much about ? And does he make the mountains With the earth he shovels out ? Where does he get the implements P I've searched most thinkers' "aids," But I never have discovered Where that fellow gets his spades. I am open for suggestions; And if ally "Tourney" knight Has first much upon the subject, Then I wish that he would write. For I'm growing quite uneasy, And begin to get afraid That I never shall discover Where that fellow got the spade. PAr"Ic S., Belfast, NARRATIVE REVERSION. (.t wo: d is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 2.--Goo i-byel I said but once" Good-bye" This morn to you when we did part; I would the word in one soft sigh Would leave the heart-would leave the heart I " The absent are the dead." I bear The poet's truth upon my brain; You've left our shores-ab, cousin, where Or when shall I see you again ? Yes, we were cousins, that was all, And now, it seems, we're something less; Aud' yet why should your love-glance fall On me, so full of awkwardness P I'muone for whom your parting sighs Were brief, no doubt-a friend, no more- A friend-as lover in disguise You know me not, nor did before. But yesterday I saw you stand Before this mirror; on the glass Your picture I in passing scanned- You've taken it with you, alas I And, oh, I coveted the smile You flung away to-empty air; And thought, " Could I but for awhile Be favoured like that mirror there l" B. REncOta, Kentish Town. CENTRIFUGAL TRANSPOSITION. (The first word being f:ound, the second is obtn!ned by commencing n: Ith the central lot ter and proceeding left al.d right, or vice versa, until the end is reached.) 30.-First are in hands, there's no denial ; And he is often brought to trial That first a thing on you- Who tells you that it's this and that, And thinks throughout he's caught a flat; Deception here you view. In vegetation I am known- When seeing first the same you'll own, Without the slightest doubt; At Jericho, in ages past, My lot was in that city cast, Then try and find me out. Now, just transpose the first, and make Sime useful thing, for goodness' sake, For use when nights are dark; A something which our eyes oft greet Within our homes-out in the street Oft broken for a lark. J. Taisaeer. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 31.-Over the sea, Happy and free, Roameth my primal, brave; Nanght careth he, Rough though it be, When the wild elements rave. Oh ! how I burn With ardour to learn Of versification the next; For then, any time, When in want of a rhyme. I should not so much be perplexed, When from his hole Quietly stole A final, it caused quite a scare; Jane flew from the room To fetch a long broom, While Mary jumped up on a chair ! C. F. BAnKEa, Wood Green. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 32.-A little insect first you'll see; What means the edge toxt will be Unite the two, and then you'll find An Irish town will come to mind, NORAH Mi. TWvouEY, Cork.