JIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METa OMEGRAM.
ee-frst "^ Inust letters of a word to form anoahor word.) e . 1, puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, I'm steeped in consternation; One morning I bid you good-bye, And made a declaration That we at last were forced to part, For first and voice were dumb. And o'er the fact I shed a tear; For, oh, my sorrow was sincere, My dear o.d Puzzledom. Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, We last not be ambitious, For we are told by men of old That ladies are capricious. And so the Muses proved the truth; For seeing me look glum, Across my heart their music rang; And so I raised my voice and sung Again for Puzzledom. Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, Those Muses nine dismayed me; And even yet I can't forget The little joke they played me. And when I heard a gallant knight Entreating me to come, I bowed my head in dire disgrace To think that I had thoughts so base Of quitting Puzzledom. Oh, Puzzledom, dear Puzzledom, Please send this explanation To that young elf who gives himself A naughty appellation. And promise him I'll bang my harp As hard as I can strum; And tell him, too, that I'll be true 'Neath cloudy skies and skies of blue; For, oh, my heart's for aye with you, My dear old Puzzledom i MARIoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. getholst letter but one of a word to form anuther word oe pressed in thle narrative.l 2.--Mly love is fairest of the fair, With azure eyes and golden hair; Her lips are like the cherry ripe, Her face of purest Grecian type. Sutch pearly teeth ; and in her cheek The dimples play at hide and seek. Her dainty hands are lily white, Her voice is sweet, her smile is bright; From harp, or lute, or iv'ry keys ° She drawv, with air of graceful ease, The richest melody; and then With pencil, palette, racquet, pen, She's equally at home; in short, A female Crighton, as in sport I dubbed her once. But, in the dance, I noticed that with saddened glance And envious eyes she watched the throng Of dancers as they swept along. Though proof 'gainst all persuasion, she Would never rise to dance with me- 'Twas just the same with other men; Small room for wonder is there then That I resolved to fathom why She silent sat while we waltzed by. I've found out now-I'm not surprised-- To dance, indeed, were ill advised; No conder she sits down and pines : Her dancing-shoes are number nines ! F. PRnKER, HerneoHill. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Irt letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narraLive.) .-We know how sad a thing it is To miss from its accustomed place A form that we have learned to love- A dear and well.remembered face. We wish for its return, and sigh (Sometimes, alas I with vain regret) To see once more the friendly smile, And know ourselves remembered yet. And when those wishes come to nought, And all our sighs are heaved in vain, We know that parting was not all- That memory is a greater pain. But when-ah, there's the happiness !- The missing face once more we see, We say the world holds gladness still While yet it lets such meetings be. We all have missed a friend we love, Whose absence is a thing to mourn; And I would ask her in these lines If longer still it must be borne. Dear Edith Rendle, 'tis to you I make this truly-meant appeal; Come back to those who've missed you so- Who hold for you a friendship real. Come back to those who wait for you With hands outstretched in welcome true; The day that bids us say farewell Is one that we shall ever rue. ANNIE A. ROYSTON. METAGRAMS. Change the first letter of. a word to form Lnplthot word.) . Tprree is light, so is iny heart indhead, II weighty thouhts from off my brain I've hurled ; Syet by my acquaintances 'tis said ' certainly not rising in the world: Sthere is Brown who lives next door to me, hose solemn face is known all through the town; 'rising fast, that I can plainly see- ot.ught his gravity would keep him down. , hall I woo first Fortune with success ? W shall I minthe next for which all strive ? Whall I tell you all my wretchedness verses which are limited to five? opal road to Fame I11 never tread I don't know where it is, to tell the truth) ; dged paths of life I'll walk instead, Sfaney I am " getting on," forsoot h. daydreams I have often wished for some lnd friend to come and give me all I sought, ,Be at all I know I most become a heir to something--or an aeronaut! G. A. JoN, Liverpool. 5*'Upon the blue and vasty deep A gallant first were sailing- As brave.a firt as ever noet A rope wheoa storms were wailing. The clouds above them darker third, lut ev'rv man was fearless And though they knew a storm didfoz-rth, Every eye Was tearless. Ales! the gallantbarque went down with its fijst, true men and brave, Wkitnaught but miles of sad sea waves ''"s thofr watery grave. ' TT"D, TAig, W iarripgtqn.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of wkloh is a word.) 6.-Pleasant and bright is the warm little room, Bitter and frosty the outer night's gloom; Coldly the stars glitter forth one by one, Watching the parting of mother and son. Fondly she clasps him once more to her heart, Weeping that first fate compels them to part; Then through the mists of the deepening night watches the boyish form fade from her sight. Wind and frost, tempest-tossed, Bring ye tales of a second lost ? Driven scud and drifting wrack, All are telling he'll ne'er come back. Scattering proudly the feathery spray, Homeward she speeds on her prosperous way; 'T'oal is over, and dangers are past- Safely she's nearing the haven at last. Happy young sailor-lad watching the foam, Fixed are your thoughts on the loved one at home; Eager to greet you e'en now doth she stand By the white cliffs of your own native land. Lightly blow, breezes 0 1 Glancing waters smoothly flow, Bearing home from the far-off main Joy, and life, and love again. Assy BoEnu En. 7.-A pronoun for my first please take; A kind of cart my neat will name; A gardening implement is third; My wlole will show a riddler's name. CA IRA. TRIPLE NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Chan o the first letters of three words to fol m three other words, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-The bells are ringing merrily out, Their news of gladness they seem to shout As they peal out so high and clear; But they only ring for ringing's sake, For they have given me headache- Yet still they wish me a " Happy New Year." I fell in love with a lady once, But, oh, I must have been a dance, For I thought her an angel and a dear; One day she wrote, did this nasty miss, She said, " I shan't see you after this, But 1 wish you a ' Happy New Year.' " My tailor one day wrote to me too., Said he, " Young man, my bill is noe, And from you I trust I soon shall hear. But if you don't pay," quoth Mr. Wynn, " I shall shortly put the brokers in, Yet I wish you a' Happy New Year. " These wishes are a mockery quite, For I met a friend the other night, And he shook my hand with shake sincere. Said he, "Dear Jack, 'tis raining bad!" He took the only " gamp" I had, Yet he wished me a "Happy New Year." GARRAD AND COLLIE.., OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a wolr is chanued to form another word.) 9.-Oh, "do you remember the merry refrain Of the lark, as it soared on high, The leaf-burdened trees, and the golden-eared grain, And the first that glanced at the sky ? And the wild flowers which garnished the hedgerows green, Diffusing their fragrant perfume, And the thatched farmhouse, with its pretty screen Of sweet-scented roses in bloom ? And the quaint little church in the verdant vale 'Neath the shady and sober yew, Where we've listened oft to the old parson's tale Of heaven-a tale ever new I The ivy-hid ruins which stand on the hill 'Mongst which many scrambles we've made; And the moss-girded path by the gurgling rill Down the summer.clad sylvan glade P Ah, the old country spot so dear is the same As you left it when youth was nigh; There's the worn rustic stile where you sadly came To wish me that ling'ring good-bye. And in keeping with all, though Time has dealt P'r'aps a line or a last of grey, The mystery of love in my heart is felt Just as true as on that bright day. A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 10.-I am mdnarch of all I survey- Though first perhaps some will dispute- As here in my attic I play, And solace myself with my flute. My things there'are strewn all around, Pens and ink, hair-brush, books, writing-case; lly next you will find on the ground, And my boots are all over the place. I am out of a kind sister's reach, I must tidy my things all alone; The thought of it robs me of speech, And I silently sit down and groan. The servants that roam o'er the place My room with indifference see- They're acquainted so well with my ways; But their slackness is shocking to me. O sisters and other kind friends, Send me sympathy sweet in my pain I For my mind with fond love ever bends To the time I shall see you again; I am certain you frequestly send Many wishes and thoughts after me; Your wish, that I may with a friend Spend vacation, and let you go free. Twelve has struck; almost all are at rest; So now to my bed I'll repair. And my things? Botheration I I'm blest If I don't leave them all lying there ! In the morning I'll bundle 'em up, And leave them, so far, to their fate, And last Easter I'll reckon them up, And kind sisters will put them all straight. GUNxNER B. ENIGMA. 11.-My appearance admitted is always most plain, Yet my frame in some places is smart; I'm consulted by most folks again and again Ere they from my presence depart. I have infruence over the great and the small, I'm consulted by each laughing lass; And their eyes peer at me, be they little or tall, And they laughingly smile as they pass. The youth who imagines himself quite a man, As each budding hair he caresses, Consults me in order to vanity fan, And every day he me blesaes. The old maid, whose wrinkles and.crowfeet and frown Show progress of time very steady, Will ofttimes consult me in study quite brown, And prays for some-simple remedy. M.y hemory is so excessively bad,- 1 scarcely remember the lasses; So 1 cannot, of course, remembder the lad Whose dull head before me now passes. This riddle is easy-oh, that I now Pee, And you know what I'm writing about; If you don't, remember the answer will be In the next Yotlg Folks Paper, no' dbubt. - , . S. EMLLs, Birmingham.
GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 12.-Come round the world with me, And you shall plainly see My primates and my finals make The capitals, both old and new, Of empire-Asiatic, too. My word of honour I will stake You'll find this true, and no mistake. Cross Words. First join me in a stroll, my friend, Pacific waters o'er, I'll point you to a British isle, So rack your learning's store. Then back to Europe take a trip- The German Empire find, And one of its rich provinces Please try to call to mind. Then off to India we go, And on a city fall- A well-known one; and when it's found, Reverse it-that is all. Back from the plains of Hindlotau We travel now to see An island (with a history) That decks the " Middle Sea." Then come back home to England, please; A town in Worcestershire Is what I want for number five- You'll find it, never fear. Then quit this clime for other shores; No puny town will do- A continent, and nothing less, Is what I ask of you. And, finally, a county town (The Midlands claim the place); Now, find it out-or give it up With equally good grace. Vicron. ACROSTICS. (A word or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-We have got away at last, Sailing down the river wide; Signs of shore-life now are past; Borne upon the rushing tide, Swvift and swifter still we go, Leaving far behind the land; She has spread her wings of snow, By.the gentle breezes fanned; All are full of mirth arid glee, As she ploughs the foaming sea. Cross Words. Bursting forth with smoke and fire; Scattering o'er the land arouLd Desolation swift and dire; Curious rumblings shake the ground. Primal of a chosen band Fluttering in the gentle air, 'Neath its folds they take their stand, And their glorious triumphs share. Dwells he in the forest wide, Rough, uncivilized, and rude; Beasts abound on every side, Partners of his solitude. They had seen it in the night Flitting through the silent room, And their senses left them quite, For they thought it from the tomb. In the primal sky behold Dazzling rays of light arise ; Rouse the warriors brave and bold, Ere they're taken by surprise. Crown him with the primal wreath, He is worthy to be crowned; Braver than he ne'er did breathe, Can a worthier be found P IvANHOF, Belfast. Foundation VWord. 14.-V aliantly, thou knight of "Tourney" fame, D ost thou ascend Parnassus' golden height; T by wondrous rhymes will never fail to claim A welcome from each " Tourney " maid and knight. Y ea, gaily do we hail thee as a friend; L ong may thy joyous voice be heard among O ur gallant bards, whose voices sweetly blend, R e-echoing a glad, triumphant song. Cross Words. Errors in work it quickly clears away; 'Tis very useful, too, in times of play. Seek it, find it, keep it fast- It will prove its worth at last. An ancient tragedy that cannot now be found; A group of stars; a plant low on the ground. An attribute of things not made by hands; This term embraces life, air, sea, and lands. With banner and bugle I oft march ab5put, Or in terrible wrath put my foes to the rout. With a lute he made the mouenaLan bow ; Not even faith will move the moulatains now. Long, long ago, when all was bright and fair, Man and wife in happiness lived there. SYNTAX, Warriugton. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 15.-Along lanes and alleys they bore him, Escorted by people not few; A crowd of small boys went before him, As if 'twere a subject quite new. At length they arrived at the station, And though the police he defied, They quickly, without hesitation, Just carried this Bacchant inside. Next morning his lordship was sitting, And 'fore him the rev'lier was led,- The judge thought that 'twas quite befitting To talk to him quietly, so said, ' Now, prisoner, listen to me, sir, Your conduct has been quite absurd." Our friend made reply, " Well, yer see, sir, 'Twas only a whole, 'pon my word." However, the judge did not think so, But ordered three weeks in the gaol, Remarking, ' If people will drink so, To get their reward they'll not fail." And so he was taken to prison, And, though for three wecks he there stayed, 'Twas said in the world he had risen- For lodging and food he ne'er paid. J. STOCxs, Lambeth. VERBAL CHARADE. (A wor., each letter of which is treated separately.) 16.-One-fourth of hare, One-fourth of fare, And then one-sixth of battle, One.fourth of bind, One-fourth of kind, And then one-sixth of cattle. These letters if you place aright, An animal will come to light. W. J. D'dwes, Limavadr. CONUN~DRUM. 17.--Dear friends, can you tell this riddle P You will guess it at a look: When doth an improvement resemble . . he snuimary of a bookP , E, W. SUtVV.
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 18.-When Solomon Shagg was twenty-one, he foolishly laid his heart At Cora M'Snatcher's dainty feet, with many a bashful start, Entreating in frenzied accents her to consent to be his wife, And satisfy thus the one desire that threatened to mar his life.. Meek Cora demurely hung her Mead to Solomon's first appeal, And one would have thought her smiling face did plainly her love reveal; But, when he implored her to be his, in syllables soft and low, She looked in his eyes and said one word, and the word that she said was " No I" With faltering step and tear-dimmed eye poor Solomon walked away, And sorrowfully he moaned and sighed for many a weary day, But never a sign from Cora's eyes brought life, and his hope soon died, And woman then lost her power to charm, and life was a desert wide; But Solomon, now his heart was dead, remembered he'd still a mind, So quickly he set to work, a solace for all his woes to find, And comfort he found sufficient ev'ry sorrow to over- whelm In wonderful wanderings within Philosophy's boundless realm. The Multiplication of Effects he studies with ardent zeal, The Instability of the Homogeneous to reveal; On Heterogeneous Coherence he meditates with awe, Material Integration and the Consistency of Law; His Continuous Adjustment to his Environment but . shows Concomitant Continuity of Motion, and he knows That, stifled although his hopes have been by one as untrue as fair, Equilibration must soon ensue and banish his ev'ry care. And Cora M'Suatcher lives alone-a virgin of fifty-one, Hler tresses of la-I now turued to grey, her beauty de- cayed and gone; And daily she fumes and nightly frets and fidgets her lifo away In doctoring dogs, and cuddling cats, and nursing her parrot grey. She dresses her form in costly gowns of many a brilliant hue, Gives afternoon teas to which she asks a fortunate, favoured few; And unto this few she oft observes, as modestly as she can, That once on a time she did refuse the hand of a worthy man. PHILO, Dundee. 10.-Ye poets who first of the snow-covered earth And of nature in wintry hue, Oh, say, does your poetic muse have its birth When your nose is a beautiful blue ? Or do you compose on a cold winter's morn, On the moment you j ump from your bed, When water's like ice, and you sectC to feel warm ? - Do the lines then come into your head ? Oh, say, is it when the streets look bleak and bare- "When the snow's just beginning to melt- Oh, say, is it then that the earth looks so fair, And the poetic feeling is felt ? Or perhaps it is when the frost is severe, And the ground is both slipp'ry and hard- Most likely it's then that the muse does appear in the mind of the wintry bard, F. ALLIu.r , Winchester. 20.-F eebly she first her song amid the snow, R egardless of the cruel winds that blow; E ver the same celestial place does she I) escry in that sweet little song to me. W eary and worn she seeks her humble room, A nd weeps in silence through the midnight gloom; L istens with awe unto the night-wiud's roar, L aot for the dawning light of heaven once more. I n solitude she sits alone until S leep gives her solace from life's busy mill. J. G. NICnoLLS, Milton. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 21.-That I shall never be a first Is my conviction quite, And I have many reasons for Believing I am right. The first of which doth seem to me To be the very best, And so I shall not trouble you With any of the rest. The reason then is simply this, In last I don't believe, ]Because l've seen so many proofs Of how it does deceive; i've seen of bipeds quite a score, Of both the sexes too, Who've proved by their experience sad This saying to be true! Who have with shame and sorrow keen Deplored the wretched day That ever they confessed themselves As subjects 'neath its sway. It is a most exacting lord From all that I can hear, And one in whom I'd be inclined To stand in awful fear. Consider, then, my worthy sirs, Your most ignoble fate In being subjects of a god More worthy of your hates. Arise at once, throw off his yoke, And prove to land and sea The value that you place upon Your glorious liberty. Pucr, Ballymena.