RIDDLE TOURLNAVENT. CURTAILMENT.
IlroP the fial letter of a word. leaving another word.) 1"-Come, Ofriends, and gather round here; Unity and peace abound here, Loyal hearts and true are found here, Scattering love's fair flowers. Happy voices, sweetly blending, Friendly hands to all extending, While Parnassus we're ascending, Fraught with many powers. Listen to each ditty, Wondrous wise and witty, Spread its fame and noble name in ev'ry town and city. Friends anear and in the distance, Persevere with strong persistence, Till each nation in existence Joins the " Tournament." Boys and girls of ev'ry nation, Laet ye, then, this invitation; Would you win our approbation, Help us in the strife. We have promised to be loving, Firm and faithful ever proving, Arrogance and pride removing As we go through life. Hearts with joy are thrilling- Sturdy Jirste and willing Beat with pride on every side, their noble vows fulfilling. Then wave the flag of vict'ry o'er us- Fame anti honour lie before us, While in one exultant chorus Praise the "Tournament" i MAacxon L. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Tranposeo the letters in a word to form another word.) 2,-I know a spot surpassing fair, Where radiant sunsets glow, Where winding streams aLd rivulets Through clustering wood ands flow. The cuckoo warbles forth ht.rfirst From out a sheltering elm, The songsters join in rapturous nexts, Flooding the sylvan realm. 'Tis there, 'mongst Nature's simple haunts, Her blessings pure and free, I many a Weary hour beguile In sweetest reverie. CLARA BOnF.isn . 3,-Who are these I see before me Wielding well the pen of fame P Are they poets long from earth gone Who have first a noble name ? Are they Milton, Shakespeare, Howitt, Come to liie again to wield Their bright pens in our Ed.'s service in the glorious " Tourney " field ? Hardly, you will say, on looking . At the poems that last grace Columns in the Young Folks Paper Which are the young poets' space. Yet such names as Agonistes, Adcock, Webb, and many more, Should not go by quite unnoticed, For their riodles make us roar. B. CANDuIm. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-I canJ never tire of singing Us the conuury pure and free, For memory will keep winging All the old scenes back to me. Through my yearning and my dreamings, lie it night or be it day, They come like fitful gleamings Of the sun's departed ray. There is one spot in the meadows Has a mystic charm for me, Though 'tis always steeped in shadows, And is lone and solit'ry : 'Tis a lane full-fringed with foliage That is always fresh and green; Though the rack and ruin of spoilage In its neighbourhood is seen. Grim Gossip said 'twas haunted, Innocence believed the tale; And its ghostly presence daunted All cur courage to prevail. And no matter when we passed it, Were it dawn or break of day, We firt stand awhile aghast. It Fscinated us alway. With a kind of fear half tragic, And with ne'er a glance behind, Gifted as if by magic With the fleetness of the wind, On we'd tear like startled rabbits When the dogs are on their track, As i' all the ghosts and goblins In the ne.t were at our baok. T. CAu.rrnTa, Clapton. TRIPTICH. U1e two words and forma third word of the last syllable of the flret and the first syllable of the secondJ.) Triptich. 5,-A kind of poem that has been In Young eolks Paper often seen; It must be of a certain size, Or it will never gain a prize. To many 'tis a favourite Who high in the " Olympic" sit, And are quite masters of the art Of it constructing part by part. First Word. Now is the primal bright and gay, When all dull care is chased away; When lessons are things of the past, And study to the winds is cast; When many people, full of glee, Are hasteniug to the glorious sea To spend their summer holidays- To watch the billows bounding free, And bask beneath the sun's bright rays. Second Word. Itseemed quite harmless growing there Upon a flowery bank so fair; But this to you I will declare: When I had touched it with my hand, Net roughly, you will understand, It seemed as if a raging band Of wasps had come about me, and Iquick withdrew my hand again, For I could scarcely bear the pain. Iva~znor, Belfast. r NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. toDthe first letter of a ..rd ea n Sa n leter o t hor leavring another word, expressed ' T isbere in serried ranks the riddling band Ui 19" Folks Papesr firmly take their stand R aotd, none can break their strong array; Nrol_., arc l ll to Conquer in the fray. A risval tournament can e'er compete 11 .iti tlte Y. F . P. and 'scape defeat. St l tong fl ourish !-smay each trusty knight, Ea or shll ridler, struggle in the fight! h s iureleir strivfiogs in this catuse he vain: - Irel crown each one, in time, mntgy gain. THE UBNEOWs.
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the frast letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Now in this quiet evening hour, When day, with all its ogres, has flown, And memory grasps the wand of power, I sadly sit and muse alone. And down the mazy slopes of time A troop of visions soon appears, With music like a dreamy chime, Whose echo fills my eyes with tears. For I have drifted far away- Have wandered from the happy throng Who pass rejoicing on their way, Gilding life's path with light and song. Yet though I've drifted, Hope ascends And bids me dry these useless tears, And gaily first with those true friends Whose company I've borne for years. And as an alien homeward turns, To breathe again his native air, My heart with yearning passion burns, Once more those old-time joys to share. How often have I gazed with sad And tearful interest on this page, And almost wondered at the glad And merry themes our bards engage! I felt as when alone I stood And bade farewell to Sandgate's shore, Scarce realizing that it could Re-echo to my steps no more. But I must cast aside this spell Which binds me to a gloomy theme, Nor let a secona shadow dwell An instant on my bright new dream. The sun has burst through cloud and mist, And with the joyous "Tourney " throng, My voice, though feeble, shall assist To swell the glad, triumphal song. AMY Bosnassa. 8.-The midnight hour had long since sped, When in I tumbled to my cosy bed; And into Morphous' arms I made a spring, J ust as a first upon my ears did ring. I made a next unto the floor; The sudden shock caused me to roar With pain, as down the stairs I went, With anything but a good intent. Hal that awful noise is heard again Just outside the window-pane; I raised the sash-to my disgust, I last two oats were fighting in the dust. ExcALIBUn. DOUBLE NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a w,,rd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 9.-I'm sitting to-night, 'mid the gathering gloom, In my own little study, my own little room; And I gaze in the fire, all runddy and bright, And I thil.k and I weep this sad winter's night. Soon out of the depths of the bright glowing fire There ,lowly comes forth, as the flames leap still higher, The faces of friends of the loug, long ago, And vivid and real seem around me to grow. There is one dear, dear face-I can see it e'en now : A beautiful face with a beautiful brow, And a pair of blue eyes as blueo as the sea- IMy Maud, oh, my Maud, I am thinking of thee. 'Tis the face of my love-my first boyhood's pride- Who once happy and free trod here by my side; Whose lips once pressed mine, whose hand clasped my band, The first to draw round me love's soft, silken band. But the choice of my boyhood for ever has gone, And other dear faces come hastening on: The chums of a litptime-Toum, Harry, and Fred, Wal, Charlie, and Jim, and, yes, dear old Ted. But they float away, and the fire duller grows, And the flame up the chimney now fitfully goes; Yet out of the fire a sweet, fair face doth grow, And I look and I weep for my lost sweetheart Zoo. Oh, Zoo, darling Zoe, with your eyes bright and blue, I'm thinking, I'm thinking to-night, dear, of you; Other loves soon will come, other hands soon clasp thine, But could love be as fervent, as true, dear, as mine P 'Twas a true, manly love that I gave, Zoc, to you, For I loved you, my darling with eyes bright and blue. But the room darker grows, and the blue flames leap higher, And other faces gather now in the fire. Oh, the dear old friends of the deer old days I can picture now in the fire's dying rays; Dear old friends that I clasp each day by the hand Now gather around in a dim, ghostly band. But they pass away, and I see in their place A pair of red lips and a sweet, girlish face, With hair like the gold, and ej es clear and true- Oh, Florrie, dear Florrie, I'm thinking of you. Closer grows your face, and yet closer to mine- Your cheeks brighter grow and your eyes brighter shine; Your lips are close now-such a chace I can t miss- I'm thinking of you, dear. and I steal just a kiss. But the vision has gone-'twas only a dream, A flash from the fire, a fanciful gleam ; And the room has grown dark, and the fire duller, too, But I'm thinking, my loved one, I'm thinking of you. And the loves of the past I pictured to-night In the depths of the fire, all ruddy and bright; But one face I saw standing clear from the rest, And that face was yours, dear, the one I love best. J. C. COLLIER. ARITHMOREMI. (An aerostia. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in eigures.) Foundation Word. 10.-How oft I've sat and gazed with pensive eye, And watched the lark primal the pale blue sky, Winging his joyous flight, the while his song Descends and cheers the busy, teeming throng Of human mortals l Soon be's lost to sight, Yet still he sings his song with all his might, Until at length you hear his song more plain, Then upward look, and see him once agamin Slowly descending, until, near the ground, He drops, like lead, to where his nest is found. Cross Words. 551 and oryta I saw him catch a cricket ball And, oh! how this he did it ! 1,000 ,, asw He next for first prize with Tom Small, And gallantly he won it. 700 ,, aneh I third to have the other day A kind of invitation 2,000 ,, aes To fourth's house (though, by the way, She's not my own relation). 1,500 ,, noe She asked me if I'd like a dance, And I this in consent; 500 ,, veer She nearly next me in a trance, Which I could not prevent. J. G. NIccOLLS, Milton. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) ll.--3 ennie, sing on, an' mak' oor heart-strings dirl; Each lay dusts through oor pows wi' pleasing whirl; N ae lack o' power hae ye to tune the lyre, N or are ye lackin' o' poetic fire. I houp that, since thy sweet thought-gems I've read, Each year may bring new bleasings on thy head. A' bright an' rosy glows the mornin's dawn, R adiant in summer.time's the flow'ry lawn: T he glow that fills thy lays is brighter still; H ope paves the way-truth mann obey thy will. U nfeeling they.wha' haesa felt a light R in throigh their hearts, lit by thy lays sae bright. D. Scorr, Newtongrange.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAI, (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word In the narrative.) 12.-A pleasant thing is flattery In language smart and trim, And if a fellow flatters me, I like to flatter him. Each praises each, soarce knowing why, Till ultimately he Don't know my thoughts of him, and I Don't know his thoughts of me I What fashion can compare with this P It soothes our mortal woes, It fills us with a sense of bliss, As everybody knows. And should you win applause from none, Why, all you have to do Is just to flatter every one, And they will flatter you I Or if you are a humble man, Affecting no renown, But fain would fashion if you can The manners of the town, You should not hide yourself away, And call the world a bore, For if you flatter no one-they Will flatter you the more ! As far as I'm concerned, I think That, taken all in all,. What's nectar for the great to drink Is nectar for the small. And man should scatter joy complete Whene'er he has the power, And flattery is always sweet, But truth is often sour. A. ST. J. ADCoeK. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ 13.-Bleneath the noontide sun's resplendent ray, A gallant vessel bounded on her way ; Graceful and swift, she cleft the waters bright, And marked the waste of blue with sparkling white. Sudden a sailor bade his comrades mark Far in the rear a strange and rapid bark; Her masts were tall, her hull was long and low, And with surprising speed she seemed to go. The captain came, and through his glass surveyed The stranger ; then in trembling tones he said, " Hoist every sail and let us swifter fly; If yonder vessel reaches us, we die. I know the craft-I've seen it once beforo; It is that rover famed from shore to shore Which warships seek in vain and merchants fear- The ship of Gonzalo, the buccaneer." With trembling hands and countenances pale, The sailors spread f esh canvas to the gale ; The gallant ship, as though she felt her need, Ploughed through the waters with incre sing speed. Upon his deck the fierce first captain stood; Bent were his brows and angry was his mood. He saw with much chagrin and discontent How rapidly the foremost vessel went. Then to his crew he cried, in second tone, " You vessel's speed seems equal to our own ; Yet all in vain she bounds uponher way When Gonzalo has marked her for his prey. I'll clip her wings her towering masts shall fall, Unless her Iolt can match a cannon-ball. Prepare at once the longest carronade." His words were with alacrity obeyed; By willing hands the work was quickly done. !' Now," said the chief, " myself will aim the gun." The crew, with eager smiles and bated breath, Beheld him point the instrument of death; Then in commanding tones the order came, " Fire I"-the last wood his lips would ever frame, The cannon burst with loud, appalling sound, And dead and wounded strewed the deck around. From every portion of the vessel now Fresh bands of pirates hurried to the bow; Soon arguments brgan and words grew high About the cause of the calamity. Amid confusion and contentions hot, The object of pursuit was soon forgot; And still continuing its rapid flight, Beneath the grey horizon sank from sight. R. GLAsaow, Hall. 14.-Tripping along 'tween the waving wheat, Tripping along with nimble feet, Looking as bright as the noonday sky, Trilling a song with the lark on high, Tripping along with cheeks ailow, The pride of the village-Rebecca Rowe! Tripping along 'tween the nodding wheat- Whom doth her eye so joyously greet ? Why does she stay her warbled song? Why does she cease to trip along? Why the flash, and the cry of " James!" And why first flood of endearing names? Two persons stroll 'tween the laughing wheat, For lovers don't hurry their ling'ring feet I The twain are talking in accents low- And James has kissed Rebecca Rowe! And, nowise abashed, the ardent swain Has kissed the pride of the village again, Happily met in the midst of the wheat- Scarcely a place for lovers to meet I But soldier James from the war has come Back to next dear old happy home: Come back to claim the village pride- Who more fit for a warrior's bride ? J. D. DUNNING, London. 15.-A bashful lover, just as shy As any country wench, was I; For though I longed and strove to tell My fair one that I loved her well, Whene'er I found me at her side, Both voice and language seemed denied. No wonder that she turned away To sprightlier swaims-alack-a-day I She who had oft, so gracefully, Given me sweet opportunity. At length upon a happy day, Marked with white stone by memory, She dropped her first, a silken thing Of creamy hue, and formed to cling. I took it up, and went apart, And pressed it closely to my heart, Then wrotq my next, that story old, And deep within a tiny fold I hid it, where no hand would dare To reach, but hers, my gentle fair. I brought it back when none were by, And shyly placed it'neath her eye. She took it, read, and blushed the while, Then crowned my hopes with one bright smile. DAisr. 16.--There once was a monk of visage grim Who lived in a castle grey; And rumour told of the store of gold That he guarded night and day- Of the spell that o'er /irst treasure hung; And he who its charm would free Alone must wait by the castle gate All night till the clock struck three. Many a one of the peasants round Had vowed they would watch for the gold; But the only wight who stayed the night Got naught but a very bad cold. But matter-of.fact of course was scorned, Anadi-the old neople's lore prevailed; For the.folks all say thathe went half way, And came b~ik 'cause last courage failed. SxMPR EADEM.
BETAGRAIM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 17.-Vicious wind, why shake my casement When I want to get to sleep ? Not content with lower basement, You first to my attic creep. You are nothing but a coward On folks to expend your hate, Knowing very well (oh, how hard I) That we can't retaliate. Then, O wind, you are deceitful; Ah I know it, for to-day You, on passing fields of wheat full, Whispered softly on the way To some trees-oh I yes, I heard you- And you kissed a running stream I After that, upon my word, you Are worse than last people deem. ARacsu B., Kentish Town. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, teformed of te initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 18.-Who can paint the wondrous story ?- Who recount the deeds of glory Echoing through the ages hoary ? Hers the name that fadeth never- Hers the life of brave endeavour, Speaaing to all hearts for ever. As a maiden first behold her: Humble household robes enfohl her; What a fire within did smoulder! Next where men are slain like cattle, See her 'mid the din and rattle Of the deadly field of battle. Then 'mid plaudits and wild cheering She the victor's crown is wearing. (Ah, the cruel end is nearingl) See her where fierce flames are leaping; Foes are mocking, friends are weeping. Now her soul the saints are keeping. Cross Words. Let us be irst, let us be true, And give to ev'ry man his due, No matter what a friend may do. This is the name an orphan boy, Through much sorrow and little joy, Bore to the end without alloy. This is resentment fierce and bold- A sorry thing in the young or old. Regretted when the passion grows cold. Better than wealth, better than faine, And boy or man, maiden or dame, Should shield it from all taint of shame. Round as the world beneath our feet, Clad in a beautiful garment meet; Inside, a heart as honey sweet. Think of a saintly company- Sisters in sweetest unity: This is the first one of the three. Denizen of some far-off sphere, Sent to this world to miunster: Oh, may he shield you from all fear I These, so an ancient poet sings, Fly away as with eagles' wings : Dollars and dimes are curious things. Last is the king who pompounly Cried, " Stop I No further come, 0 sea!" What a foolish old king was he ! CIIIISTELLA P. CHELMo Foundation Word. 19.-He rambles through the jungle and the prairie. And with a roar does he prepare to fight; He'll spring upon his victim-ah I but dare he When half a dozen huntsmen are in sight ? Cross Words. You'll finC it in the garden, giving a sweet perfume, 'Tis always in the summer-time this lovely flower does bloom. The most useful of ell metals my second now will be, The hardest and the commonest you'll own in it you see. To say it is in Scotl:~nd I greatly fool inclined, But in the north of England this rivoer you will find. The moon lights up the firmament with all her starry train, So I will bid you all " Good last," hoping to meet again. F. PHILLIPs, Mottinghamn CHiARADE. lFormed on a word each syll able of whlh sla a word.) 20.-Now all you lazy folks that often lie so long in bed, A lesson you should learn from first has been unto you told ; Although 'tis but an insect small, an active one,'tis said, 'Twere well for each to study, says that glorious book so old. My second means to run away without permission given- A rather risky thing sometimes,I think you will admit; My whole a noble animal who oft for sport is driven, Chased o'er the plain, and by the shots of oruel hunts- men hit. J. Tarmni.y, LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, Idle- tion. and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each oeeratlion.) 21.-Dear riddlers, once again we meet, In puzzledom to dive; A jewel please find of costly worth- 'Tis spelt with letters five; If you the last will take away, A fruit you're sure to view; Behead, you'll find a little thing Possessed by all of you. A. A. DYKErs, Southampton.