R1IDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL CHANGE.
(Chanbeethe central letter of a word to form another word.) -Far in the distance we've watched the star glimmer- Hope's shining star with its glorious light; primal alternately brighter and dimmer, yanilshing sometimes, forsaking us quite; eeving us second in darkness and sorrow. Sick of the world and its false, empty glare, ]reading to wake on the dawning to-morrow, Feeling no solace is there. Maybe 'twere better to have no ambition Burning within us high honours to claim; But, walking content in a lowly condition, laise ne'er a glance to the mountain of Fame. Where is the gain in the struggling and yearning fter a loftier standard of life ? Stringer and braver hearts daily are turning Faint and dismayed from the strife. Ah! not an instant such thoughts will we cherish, E'en though the goal may be never attained, Still we will seek it, for Hope cannot parish, Ant from the seeking some object is gained. IReanwhile we glance on the dear friends around us, Noting with joy their advance in the quest; And we are happy, though Fame hath not crowned us- IHappy in doiug.our best. MARIoN AND A~y. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) f-E ach week within the "Tourname at's " bright sphere, D eur lady, may your pleasing works appear; I uspiring every riddler brave and bold, That tries our "Tourney's" bright fame to uphold; II ow charming have your riddles lately been, K nights now confirm, no better e'er were seen. It ejoice, then, lady, that your con.'s have bound Endearing hearts to you that here are found; N eedless it is for knights to last that they Determined are, no more to join the fray, L oug first you sing, in softest, sweetest tones, E voking praise from our long absent ones. J. G. NICHOLLS, Milton. 3.-The flowers in the garden last fading away, The long summer evenings are flying; The birds on the trees, singing all the long day, Join together in chorus, and all seem to say That the beautiful summer is lying. Our summer on earth is vanishing fast, I an hear winter's icy winds sighing; The trees in the forest are first by the blast, 'Tis plain to be seen that the season's soon past That the beautiful summer is dying. R. W. M'DONNELL, Dublin. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Ilbe irst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) I.-'Tsas on a pleasant afternoon, Whilst walkning slowly down the street, I heard a hai se, wild shout, and soon An amwful sight my gaze did meet. For, d ancing just like one " possessed," A youth rushed from a neighb'ring shop! "ie must be somewhat gone," I guessed; " Whenever will the poor coon stop P" Uneorthly light shone in his eyes, While o'er his head, as I could see. He waved aloft, to my surprise, A copy of the Y. F. P. "Come on, my lad," I gently said, "I never will an idiot chaff;" He oped his mouth, then blushed quite red, And burst into a hollow laugh. " You'd be the same yourself, old chap" (And here he shocked me with a squint !) Ther in the air up went his cap, "'Hurrah, I've got my con, in print I" A. HNTERa. REVERSION. IA word which read backward forms another word.) ,-Ifirst will endeavour to pen a small con., As many have done, sirs, before; But first I must'fix some good subject upon, As many have done, sirs, before. ilI write of the sun, or the moon, or the stars, Pris our red-coated heroes, the bold sons of Mars, rsing of the stout Hearts of Oak, our brave "tars," As many have done, sirs, before? hill I tell of the fairies that once dwelt on earth, As may have done, sirs, before "dash off " a song full of humour and mirth, As umuny have done, sirs, before ? hi teall ot the maid, who, with sweet, winsome art - t s l1ore, l'r whose sake e'en with life would I part ? r write of another who's broken my heart, As many have done, sire, before ? fIll I sing of the beauties of summer or spring, ft, As many have done, sire, before ? artn, or winter-of what shall I sing a As many have not sung before P e a subject thant's new, I declare; ha lozz]ed my bruins, a'nd I've tugged at my hair, must give up my task in despair, As many have done, sirs, before. A. AMIBEnLEY, Manchester. TRIPTICH. twords, andt form a third wordl of the last syllable of the irea anod the lrst syllable of the second, Triptich. 6.-There a pretty primal stands, Flowing loose her golden hair ; Now she waves her shapely hands, To her lover coming there. O'er the crested billows white, Speedily he dashes on, Ad vwith lace filled with delight, Rails her as his darling one. A fab First Word. fabled creature said to dwell leneath the deep and surging tide; is said to sometimes leave its cell, und on the heaving billows ride. Many the stories that are told Of Ill the wonders it has wrought- Of cells ad palaces of gold, ad men by weird enchautments caught. si, Secon4 Tord. i the clash and clang of battle Where opposing armies meet, id the cannons roar and rattle, TMidse the sound of rushing feet, Txere it stands and proudly raises Its folds fluttering to the sky; Seeking for their country's praises Ien to save it gladly die. ses, IVANHOE, Belfast. ors d IONOIPHONE. fl rso diier-nt meanini. but tihe same in sound.) ' First was the hair that orowned his head, An wleyouth was he. - te'. if a nd ne wellfed, d fairas sh'e to see. - ThIInaIIL H. OLLINONOS,
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ox- Dressed in the narrative.) 8.-Can a modest young lady of sweet twenty.four, Who hopes against hope to be somebody's queen, And observes that men ever her graces ignore. Help dressing as though she were only sixteen P She cannot. Can the girl who's engaged to the block-headed Jones, A man whom no female of judgment could love, Help informing her neighbours and friends that she owns A ring, and that somebody calls her his dove ? She cannot. Can that girl down the street with her paint-besmeared face, False teeth, and the tresses she fain would call hair, Avoid thinking herself quite a creature of grace, A dear little innocent, young and so fair? She cannot. Can that stout, buxom lassie-poor, delicate thing I- Who thumps her piano from morning till night, Be expected to do ought but play, dance, or sing, To help her poor mother to keep the home bright ? She cannot. Can a creature so filled with deceit and false pride, Unskilled in the art of ennobling mankind, Ever hope that sweet peace in her home will abide, Or erpeot in this world glad contentment to flAd ? She cannot. PILo, Dundee. META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-Young Sampson Sims had oft been spurred To fits of emulation, Caused by the things he'd seen and heard Above his humble station; And though his friends said 'twas absurd, He scorned their first dictation. His hands had never been behind In boxing or in fighting; Though to his friends supremely kind He next no scornful slighting. Is it surprising then to find He tried his hand at writing P He siEa purchased pens and ink, Some superfine note paper. Green tea in bucketfulls to drink, And last, not least, a taper. But when he sat him down to think, He cut a curious caper. And then he stood and mused awhile, With eyes a-gazing right on The cream-laid laid in vasty pile, With views of breezy Brighton, And muttered, "Ere beginning, I'll Find something new to write on." T. CAnarnTa. 10.-Slowly in the distance fading, Fainter grows my native shore, Rise the surging first between me, And my next loved home of yore. Erin, can I e'er forget thee, Noble hearts that in thee dwell? Though in other lands I wander, Innisfail, I love thee well I CLARA BOEHMER. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each svllablo of which is a word.) 11.-Captain X., of the mashers, a "regular swell" (So the ladies who know him declared), Once proposed to Miss T., of all Blankshire the belle- Shall I tell you, kind friends, how he fared P In the garden he met her, and (ready to burst With long pent-up excitement) cried, " List to my first." Well, she "listed" politely, suppressing a smile, While he raved of his undying love; When he'd finished, Miss T. remained silent awhile, As she nervously toyed with her glove. Then she said, " Captain X., I am sorry you've reckoned Upon winning my love; 'tis in vain, sir, be second." He departed crestfallen; his heart felt like lead, And for weeks he encouraged his grief ; He would gaze at the river, and wish he were dead, But kind Time brought (as usual) relief. And Miss T. Of admirers she still has a shoal; A proposal, to her, is an ordinary whole. C. A. COOPEB. 12.-Lovely, full, and fragrant blossoms, Making summer gardens bright, Sometimeq of the palest yellow, Often of the purest white; In all shades of darkest red, And in palest tints of pink, Thou, the theme of this my con., Art the queen of flowers, I think. Ralph a little sister has, And second is her name; She a little fairy is, To whom belongs the same. See them walking in the garden, Gathering flowers as they go, Whilst a mastiff holds the basket For the one that loves him so. Now a baskets ll they've gathered, And their steps do they.retrace; Now two pairs of hands are busy, Giving each and all a place. When at length their task's completed, With sweet first's and 2whole's perfume; Now the very air is laden In that pleasant morning-room. F. PaIILLIPS, Mottingham, 13.-My first is dainty, rich, and good, Or frugal, coarse, and plain; Yet-nature's seasoning withheld- They court your choice in vain. My second dark and deep may prove, Tempt not the dangerous brink, Lest, without tempest, storm, or wreck, Ingloriously you sink. My whole doth fill the world with woe, As from each joy we sever, Oh I smiling Hope, be always nigh, To whisper, "-Not for ever 1" AunROA. 14.-My first is what all men should be, My second is a frozen sea My whole the guilty colprit awes, When seated, I expound the laws. U. P. BLACoun.R VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, sneaoh ltter of which is treated semarately.) 15.-Myfirst is in skin, but not in bone; My second is in tune, also in tone; IMy third is in hand, but not in eye; My fourth is in breath, but not in sigh; My fifth is in pencil, but not in pen; My sfith is in women, also in men; S My seventlh is in plant, but not in tree; My last is in latch, but not in key. Combine these letters ere I go. A well-known island they will show. SYSTAx. CONUN-DRUM. 1G--When is t jeweller like a poet ? You are nut one if y'oa don't know it. W. A. LAxrasxox,
NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from a word chosen, leaving another word ex- pressed in the narrative.) 17.-I see before me ocean grand, Whose waves are always salt; Behind me is the solid land, Above me, Heaven's vault. Oh, when I see the waves come in Upon the beach, still higher, Something to prudence, p'r'aps, akin Compels me to retire. The sad sea waves are still the same, And still the ships appear, As when I last to this spot came- Since then, perchance, a year. Sometimes I venture on the wave, And then I'm ocean's swell: Once more, O sea, thy wrath I'll brave, And then-a fond farewell. Roll on, old ocean, as of yore- Now calm, now wild and rough; Could I- But, there, I'll say no more. Alas I I've said enough ! ARcaER B., Kentish Town. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 18.-Canst remember the days that we spent in the woods, love, The bright, sunny dayse that to.day has revived, That we spent in the wildwood, on you streamlet's banks, love, And the thrills of true pleasure we from them derived P Canst remember the sweet plaintive songs of the birds, love, That often we lingered enraptured to hear; That filled and made happy with gladness our hearts, love, And made those, our haunts, to us sacredly dear P Canst remember the ivy-clad seat in the woods, love, Where we sat as true lovers alone in the shade, Where I pleaded my first that thou couldst not return, love, Though often I told thee it never would fade P Again, with the advent of of sweet summer-time, love, When the clouds that hung o'er us nrt all passed away, With confident ardour I kneel at thy feet, love, Assured that thy heart will not breathe again " Nay." V. D. TAYLon, Warrington, NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 19.-Old Timothy Winks was fond of a spree, And largely imbibed the strong barley " bree;" At times his potations were deep and strong, Which made him more cheerful the whole day long, Oft, oft, howe'er, when he bent his way home, His wife, Mistress Winks, to the door would come, And demand to know why, in such a plight, He ventured to come to his house that night. Tim seldom, thongh, any attention paid, 'Cept once, and on that occasion he said, "Wheesht, whcesht I Haud yer tongue l It gangs like a bell! When yer gi'en an inch, ye mann ha'e an ell I I'm share I dinna ken why ye should fash, Tae flyte san muckle because a' ma cash Is dune. Maun, tae hear ye people wad think We baith had steppit on poverty's brink. Say nae mair noo I"- But Tim no further got. Mistress Winks chimed in and gave it him hot; " Ye don't supnose "-with a toss of the head- " Ye're gaun awa ass sae easy tne bed P Na, na, ma fine man I ye'll sleep on the chair- 'I! e punish ye I think 'tis only fair." Tim heard her not, he had fallen asleep- For answer there came a snore loud and deep. J. BODEN, Glasgow. 29.-I dreamt a dream, though funny it may seem, Beneath some old oak trees; I thought my face was made of paste, My nose a Stilton cheese. A cart went by, which made me cry, And a rat was on my knee. I asked whether that he'd lend me his hat, But he borrowed mine of me. I awoke with a sneeze, to find the oak trees Were by my side no more; I started to find-but never you mind- Well-I was on the floor. WILD NorE. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 21.-A riddle I have written For you to try to guess; And if you solve it, I am sure Your wits are of the best. My answer is two well-known towns- In England one you greet; The next is where three emperors Not long ago did meet. Cross Words. " Come and have a game at first," The little boy did cry. A river on the Continent Neat is, you will descry. Cmsar was a third, and he Was barbarously slain. Fourth is a title, to find which You'll have to rack your brain, Two prepositions take for next, And of them form a word. Lost is a part of speech which you No doubt have often heard. CA IRA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 22.-Meet it is that we should meet, And meet it is that we should eat The best of meat that we can get; And eat that meat whene'er we meet. Right it is that we do right, And write a con. whene'er we can; But if we can't write one right, Let us do right to primal man. Bost it is that we should try To "bhe t" the best of riddling wights; For if we " best" the best of them, We then shall be the best of knights. And best it is, and right, and meet, If finat we a paper buy. That we shoelad always buy the best, And Youn1 Folks is the best to try. E. TRAFFORD, Cuerden Green. AR!THMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of ,a:oss words that are Roman numerals expreoscd in IIteures.) Founldatiot Wtord. 23.--Pinmals, if read down aright, Will bring a statesman's name to sight. Cross Wetords. 1,551and otghs A famous poet. 550 , onno A city in England. 1,00L ,, aaer A continent. 551 ,, aah A flower, 9 ,, e A number. 51 ,, put A flower. 2,052 ,, to A Youtg Folkscontributor. 51 ,, en A river in Africa. 501 ,, treo A pen.sive gentleman. p J. BIRELL, Belfast,
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 21.-Oh, where have you wandered to, Bernard de Bear ? For months I have missed your respected cognomen- Oh, say isit possible talent so rare At last has been smothered by "Tournament" foemen P No I Give us the word of denial to-day By writing a riddle-we know you can do it- And the knights of the " T." in your own words will say, " The' Tourney ' esteems your acquaintance-renew it." And where have you wandered to, Harry C. Price P And where are your riddles so merry and jolly P Ah, well I remember the rhyme of the mice That were blind, for it made me feel quite melancholy, And you are a riddler we want back again- We can't do without one so witty and clever. " Has the very bad thief in a very dark lane" Made off with your pen and your paper for ever P Come back, ye deserters, come back to the " T." I Be sure we will give you a right hearty greeting; Come back to these columns, so buoyant and free- And haste ye, for moments are too quickly fleeting. Then "Tournament" foemen we'll soon put to rout, And those jirst attack us, next quickly they'll rue it I So both knights and maidens now eagerly shout, "The' Tourney ' esteems your acquaintance-renew it." G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. 25.-A savage beast when you've transposed, Nor think you it absurd; Unto you, then, will be disclosed What surely means a bird. T. Nixox, Dudley Colliery. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 26.-I hold in my hand a wonderful wholo, A wonder of wonders, I vow; It's the head of a pig, the tail of a bear, And a heart that is piggish, I know. Now murder's my aim, so with a sharp knife I cut the pig's head right away; I sever the tail, lo, the body is left- 'Tis a queer looking body, you'll say. I've cut off the head, I've cut off the tail, And I gaze on the quiv'ring slain; But no quiver is there, for the body has life, And a head and a tail e'er so plain. CHRISTELLA P. CHELsM. 27.-My first's another word for ask, Change head, and view a noisy car; Take out a letter and behold That which no mortal man can mar. Change head again, and you will see What lights it up. Now behead me, And you will find a word for yes. I hope of this you'll make a moes. GoAnAnwa. 28.-I'm only a new hand, And so do not understand Your "shoulder arms," " right wheel," and " stand at ease;" But give me a fresh tail, And transpose; then I will sail Fearlessly over stormy seas. GUNNER B., Hove. 29.-A well-known river is my first, Through Spain it sure doth flow; Initial changed, and turned around, Then something sweet 'twill show. O. LEIDHOLD. 30.-Reverse my first, I'm on a tree ; Reverse my next, there's nought to see; Combine the two, and then I ween, An Iribh town is plainly seen. H. CLAUKE, Swadlincote. ACROSTIC. (A wordor words, teformed of the initial letters of other words.) Cross Words. 31.-My first is a river Well known to you all; My second's a king That built a great wall; My third is a vessel That's oft used for pleasure. Foundation IVord. My whole is a plaything, To children a treasure. H. EDWARDs, Southsea. ENIGMA. 32.-Drag him from his lofty perch, Hurl him to the depths below; He'd gladly leave you in the lurch, Or bring you misery and woe. Soft his speeches, bland his smiles, Let him not deceive you now; Many are the traitor's wiles, Hurl him to the depths below. W. KOHLEB, Camberwell. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 83.-I love to puzzles write in hours of leisure; And when they are unusually nice, I look upon it as I would a treasure, And with it wouldn't part at any price. So in the central letters you will see What every con. of mine I like to be. Cross Words. A letter seen in wig or wake; An animal 'tis reckoned; 'Tis always in the sea and lake; A dwelling for my second; A letter, not in me, but you Now, knights and ladies all, adieu. SAILOR KNIGHT, Kennington. . _