RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1.
Of me, Young Folks, you've often heard, I've not the slightest doubt, Therefore, don't think that I'm absurd, But try to find me out. Although I do not wish to boast, I can with safety say That I'm in constant use almost Each hour of the day. I have a head that's very small, And-here is a surprise!- No face, no hair, and, worse than all, I'm not possessed of eyes ! Although 1 look so neat and fine, To tell the candid truth, Within this precious head of mine There's not a single tooth. I'm very often bent in two, Your patience when I tire, Your great disgust you can't subdue, And cast me in the fire. The gents think naught of me, 'tis true, But (list to this. I pray) What ladies would without me do I'm sure I cannot say. I'm very common, very cheap, I'm large, and I am small; I never get a chance to sleep, And never walk at all. That I have often made you dance, Young Folks, you must confess; " And now, if I had but the chance, My name I'd make you guess. THE BROTHEas GaursFF. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 2. "And now for arace I" sweet Minnie cried; And off she galloped along the road As swiftly as ever she could ride- Sure, horse ne'er carried a fairer load ! Her cheeks like daintiest roses rare, Her eyes as blue as the sapphire stone, And her witching smile-ah, Jack, take care, Or your heart will be no more your own I Many an acre of forest and moor They pass, and sweet Minnie she owns them all, While Jack-well, Jack is so very poor; But, then, he is handsome and straight and tall I MESsAGE. A word in my first I have twice transposed; The answer, dear friends, now must be disclosed. LoTTIE W., Brighton. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. A vowel and an intersection, Like nothing on a brief inspection; A card that seems to be but small, But oft is strongest of them all; A very pleasant sort of pie, The crust islight-though small,'tis high; What this word is, you wish to learn, It's what the wheels do when they turn; When you've found your funny bone, It's somewhere near it, be it known; Of this it is the highest praise To say it bets not, though it lays; A letter of the A B C, A portion of the verb "to be." A month the perpendicular you'll find, The horizontal means to roll or wind, NOM DE PLUME. CHARADE. No. 4. The wind was fierce, the waves ran high, The smugglers feared the gloomy sky, For they were all afloat. With desperate zeal the helmsman strove To touch my first, a sheltered cove, Unknown to man or boat. They reached (too late) the welcome strand; Behold, the craft the crafty land, With many a chest and jar. The chief cried "Home l"-all hands obeyed, Save one who as my second stayed, And watched both near and far. Hark I 'twas th' alarm I Forth rush the gang. Oh, hear the clinging cutlass' clang- Anon, a fearful groan! My whole had them all day in sight, And deadly work there was that night Beneath the shivering moon. P. N. GAsrNEy, Dublin. ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. A contributor 'cute and sage' Long may she grace our riddle page. Cross Words. Some insects clever; This means endeavour; A vicious brute; A luscious fruit; Part of the day; A lively play; An English tree; Emergency. J. G. LAMBERT. DECAPITATIONS. No. 6. My first is seen upon a ship; But please take off my head, And the name of a well-known tree Will then appear instead. J. GARDNER, Newcastle-on.Tyne. No. 7. Whole, I ain an insect; But if of head bereft, A venomous kind of serpent You'll see will then be left. EMaA A. O'RsILLy, Youghal.
MESOSTICH. No. 8. Foundation Word. The dearest, sweetest place on earth;i No living soul can tell its worth. Cross Words. Every one doth doubtless know this article; And this of any sunken rock a particle; Full many thirds I've played, large, insignificant; Where waves, white-crested, roar, andall's magnificent. II. C. PaoxE. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 9. My whole I hope you always are" Then please take out the middle, What Scottish men their tribes do call Will end this little riddle. A. M. PunraL's, LiverpooL REBUS. No. 10. F1TZGBaALD. ENIGMA. No. 11. I oft peruse with pleasure The ': Tournament," and I Love to enjoy each treasure Our riddling bards supply. Where the puzzles are so grand, A novice must feel shy; Still, I'll take my pen in hand, An enigma to try. I'm the stem of yonder tree, I'm a log, I'm a post; You all do mention me When of lineage you boast. I am also known to deck Part of the human frame; When I'm fastened on your neck You will acknowledge same. Of a lance, a pike, a gun I am a part, you'll own. But the enigma is done- Now make the answer known. D. F. O'Connon, Kinsale.
REBUS. No. 12. T. ToonB, Normanton. LOGOGRIPH, No. 13. Kind riddling friends, if you'll transpose A flow'r to all well known, A word which means a smarting wound Will speedily be shown. Then, riddlers wise, if you'll behead This little word aright, A substance found within the earth Will quickly meet your sight. This next transpose, and in its place You'll see an animal of grace; Change head, and in its stead you'll see A word which means an enemy. FLORENCE NixoN, Loicester. DECAPITATION. No. 14. My whole is worn by shepherds, As all of you may know; But when the head is taken off, Placed down 'twill surely show. If once again beheaded, I'm sure you then may read A simple little wort u hich means To help when there is need. W. SAUNDEns, Powmill.
METAGRAM.I No. 15. " Please, nursie, let me go and play With dolly on the lawn to.day; She for a change of air does sigh. If we don't go I first she'll die. Please, nurse, do let me go." "Well, you may go, my little one; But next to guard you from the sun This large straw hat. There, that's the Now fetch your doll, and go and pl ay Until I call you in." SHark I can third nurse calling me. Now, dolly, whilst I go and see What nursie wants, I'll lay you down Upon the lawn. Come, come, don't from! Be good, and go to sleep." Kate ran away, but ne'er returned, And dolly slept, awoke, and yearned To be fetched home. No one was fourth To notice her, so, in great wrath, She cried, " It is a shame s "Oh, dolly dear, I've come at last!" Cried Kate, and then she stood aghast. For, see ! all down her doll's fair face A fifth of wax its way did trace, And faded was her dress. Come, dolly, say what makes you cry? Oh, dear ! oh, dear! Why didn't I Come back at once, and fetch you in? You've spoilt your dress, your face is thin. Oh, dear! what shall Ido? CHARADE. CONcosmn No. 16. My first is set throughout the camp, As rings the curfew.bell. As up and down the sentries tramp We hear the cry, "All's well!" My second has been passed to-night That with the break of day Our army will march forth to fight In war's most stern array. "Who goes there ?" cries a sentinel, And gleams his bayonet bright. "A friend." "The whole than you mast tell" "'Tis 'God defend the right.' " F. Ii, Colsos LOGOGRIPH. No. 17. An Irish town first will proclaim . But if you will transpose, A very well known Christian name It surely will disclose. Of letters six this name's composed. The first three bring to sight A word which means to spoil; the last Three name a metal bright. Now, twice curtail this Christian name, And then you'll quickly view A place where people buy and sell. Dear riddling friends, adieu. T. O'Cooseo, Kinsed NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 18. I roamed a garden in its summer pride, Till on a lovely rose my gaze did rest. "'Tis mine thou art, fair flow'r!" I, raptured, cried, "'Tis mine thou art, for her I love the best." My eager hand the tender stem closed o'er, And rudely snapped it; streaming to the ground Its petals fell, while, disappointed sore, The error of my carelessness I found. T. L. Hescer. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My centres tell A beast that's fell, And everybody knows it; Now persevere, And I've no fear But that you'll soon disclose it, My first's a letter seen in tea; My next a metal white will be; My third a beast will tell; My fourth's a kind of trap or snare; My last's in rabbit and in hare. But now to all farewell. F. T. RIDLET, Newcastle. SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. My first is seen in hospitals, Wherein poor sufferers lie; My next's a kind of precious wood That dearly you will buy; My third's what knights have often done In tourney, tilt, and charge; And last doth mean the ocean green, On which sails many a barge. DECAPITATION. No. 21. What means to stop behead, And then I think that you Will say it brings instead A river to your view. F, WiLls.