RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. QULNTUPIE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. nwspose the letters oI ive worda to n orm five other words, ex. pre8sed in the nlsrratlroj
1,-There was a brawling at the castle gate, And Simon Brodie heard the din and straight Reached for his cudgel, and with grim intent, Like a tornado down the stairs he went. The portly cook, who Simon midway met, With all the dinner-things was overset; A little footboy, taken unawares, Was hurled from top to bottom of the stairs. uat heedless of the mischief he had caused. Simon dashed on, nor for a moment paused- Made for the courtyard, shouting as he flew The war-cry of the Hamiltonl, " Through I through 1" Which words he, fiercely dashing to the gate, Did most felicitously illustrate. A page who bore a box upon his head Heard Simon's angry tones, and would have fled. Too late I The vengeful club came down at once, Crashed "through" his load and reached the page's sconce ! Ad, fateful stroke! With agonizing yell, The broken box was dropped, and from it fell A ruined head-dress. Startled by the sound Of angry cries, old Simon gazed around; He saw and quaked-as well he might-with fear: Ilis wrathful chieftain, Hamilton, stood near. His dame stood by him, and with looks of rage Eyed her smashed head.dress and the wounded page, Screamed for the guard, wiho, promptly coming there, Took Simon under their especial care; And for his safety such concern they showed, That to a dungeon with their charge they strode. On its stone floor they laid him tenderly, Then gently closed the door and turned the key; And as they left, the soldiers, ev'ry one, Smiled, sweetly conscious of a good deed done. Mirth is infectious, has been truly said, And yet 'twas strange how the contagion spread So quickly to the others in the tower. The chieftain's countenance became less dour; Ilis wile felt genial again ; the cook Grinned with delight until his fat form shook; And in the fulncas of his youthful glee, ''ho footboy's smile was beautiful to see! Even the wounded page became elate, And laughed, unmindful of his broken pate; The very scullions, as by one desire, (Gathered hilarious round the kitchen fire. And yet within the castle there was one Who seemed outside this atmosphere of fun ; Maybe because it could not pass the door Behind which Simon Brodie stamped and swore, Or trampled on the broken box, which fell, A little while before, into his cell, Hurled therein by his gaoler-heartless wight I- To mock the captive's miserable plight. D. Gow. DUAGRAM S. Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 2.-Do one thing well, And it will tell, If you will only wait a spell, Nor couragoe lose, Nor o'er refuse Your best endeavours still to use. Though at the start You may lose heart, And tear your crude designs apart, Still keep right on Until you've done Your task, and own a victory won. 'The stubborn will Toils on until It maets success and proves its skill; The fight maintains, Nor e'er complains, And is rewarded for its pains. Tasks well begun, If left half done, Are not much good to any one; Who thus misspends His first, intends His life to fill with odds and ends, The master hand Can seft command And make its impress on the land; Who would excel Must doubts dispel, And labour to do one thing well. J. A. BALL, Burtonwood. e-The day has fled, with all its toil and woe, And night is here again- Sweet, silent night; and cooling breezes blow The cobwebs from my brain 1 And I am sittinm in my cosy room, S Watching the flickering stars 1( 0 hinh glimmer brightly through the primal gloom- I S I wonder which is Mars ? wnking little stars I I love you all, e ndI believe you know it 1 e so thingummy-what you may call- t wish I was a poet I But, there, I'm sleepy; close the window, please, B - ,-It's very cold indeed. 1'llstretch myself in mine own chair, at ease, h deAnd have a right good read. Oh, der, I'm in a lazy mood, forsooth ! .hat'e Where is my pipe P I'll smoke. that you say-you think I told the truth P her' Th nks-much-greret I spoke 1I here's my tobacco, pray P Don't know P Just so, 11 a I k new you would refuse. ahl Step your linal-go to Jericho- And let me have a snooze I F. G. TAYLOn, Birkenbead. hilst I was rambling ~ through a moonlit vale, LAdlollen's pride tripped lightly by my side, Aiddlr d gave, with visage pale. For adler, do not my talents deride king, Can you tell in language plain at diference 'twixt ingenuous and genions there isP" Try to eusr an The reputation of your riddling band. Pondered deeply as I wandered on, A dtedtpa forst the answer, but in vain. 1rug, 1 gave up the con. What bet ween a and i,'" was her refrain. er hwxt you and I ? I was nonplussed, eif h . wer see mend noanswer at all; 0' tf yon thPe no objection, I'll just ...t the task to you; I'm off to a ball. C. DRENON, London. S Th jovial summer's gone, ie amelt tautumn now is with us; all o y in the sunlight shone, .vB Yjltowbed, die, and dying, fall. htohughthel e over, and tie bird t cu greena summer cheered us with his song Smen shady lanes is heerd-. e h speeds his way along, 5 org wraps cold and grey, Se ag onhthe moors below; -'a.B thee flPs .coru is stowedaway, come December's wind nd snow. YORIcx,
ROTATION CHANGE. (Change theiletters of a word in asccesslon tolorm other wordq.) 6.-I went one evening to a merry party, Where all were very jolly, very gay The laughter at the jokes was very hearty, And mirth and merrymaking held the sway. My old friendfirst seemed, somehow, very quiet; Iz. We tenderly inquired if he was second; No, 'twas not that, he said, and with-a sigh, ate, Or rather next, a grape ; and then he beckoned Jack G., whose spirits had next somewhat lower Than 0 (by which I mean the zero), and inquired If he would sing a song, but Jack said, "No-er- The fact is, ohappie, I-er-feel inspired, And could now write a poem, of such length, that 'Twould make me famous:" here he heaved a sigh To think that while he had such mental.strength, that Party would let the happy chance slip by. But, with an effort, he threw off this sadness, And last a merry song that made us roar' The room re-echoed with the sounds of gladness, And made us feel more pleasant than before. But all things must have end, and so the meeting Of friends, both new and old, came to a close; And now as Time is, as it e'er was, fleeting, I'l have to end my puzzle, I suppose. W. D. PICKERING, Southwark. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.--The sweet flowers were growing, the soft winds were blowing, When laughing and chaffing we stood by the well; She looked first and smiling, that my heart beguiling, I longed to be able to call her my Nell. The wind blew her bonnet, with pink roses on it, Next off from her head, and at my feet it fell; I begged for the honour to put it upon her, And whispered while doing so, " My pretty Nell." She looked sweet and childlike, my heart beat so wild. like To think that she did not my ardour repel; She stood blushing slightly, looked down and laughed lightly- No music so sweet as the laugh of my Nell. The " old story" ending, whilst over her bending, I said, " Nellie dear, have you nothing to tell? " Then my fair entrancer spoke softly the answer That made me the owner of my bonnie Nell. The years have gone by us with troubles to try us- The years only hallow that spot by the well; And in the fair weather we stroll there together, And still I am slave to my own dear wife Nell. EDITH K. RENDLE. 8.-I think you will the truth admit Of what I here do say, And that is, that the ladies are All having their own way. The Primrose League, the Thimble League, Are mainly feminine; To take the clerks' and doctors' posts The ladies now begin. Our lawyers, too, will ladies be, If I do think aright; Onr English soldiers soon, perhaps, With Amazons will fight. And ladies in each " Tourney" first The gentlemen press hard; The brightest songster of Young Folks Is a fair lady bard. For Marion and Jennie, too (Excuse the Christian name), And Annie, Edith, Lottie, do Uphold our " Tourney" fame. And Amy, Queunie, Maggie, all Champions are reckoned; So, gentlemen, you'd best take care, Or they us all will second. So " Vive les dames I" we males will cry, To you our knees are bent; Long may you your bright lustre lend To this our " Tournament." S. B. LAWRENCE. 9.-A pretty maiden, first in white, Comes tripping o'er the glade, Whilst her young lover, just in sight, Stands waiting in the shade. They meet-the lover steals a kiss, He smiles, she blushes red Then side by side in earthly bliss They walk, by Fancy led. On, on they roam through meadows sweet, With scent of wild flowers; His tender words her ears do greet, And quickly fly the hours. And as the evening shadows fall, Eternal love they pledge. "Mad bull I" a vulgar next does bawl- The lover skips the hedge I F. ALLInoN, Winchester. 10.-Once again I take my station, to command your ad. miration . In last Young Folks " Riddle Tourney," where my name you've seen before; But should my peroration excite first execration, My highest aspiration I will cherish nevermore. But should I win approbation, and esca)e annihilation (I mean from fellow.riddlers who perhaps will jealous be, And may show their aggravation at my growing reputa. tion), My simple appellation in Young Folks you'll weekly see, E. W. SnuvsoL. 11.-Who will boldly attack the dirk demon called Dread, And with a bright blade smite off his fierce head? Whoever he be, Shall certainly see A lady set free, Who beautifully Wrote a sweet story For you and for me In dear I*. F. P. Now, arouse yq, brave riddlers, and:strike the foe dead. CHRISTELLA P. CHELMs . 12.-S ee the glorious sunlight fading! F aiutest first its beauty shading, Radiant gleams the fiery west; A nd the glittering sun.nsxts glancing N ymph-like 'mongst the sfadows dancing, K iasing nature ere they rest: L ead mne by that ever.glowing Iridescent stream that's flowing N earer to a land more blest I ' CLARA BOEuERa. 13.--My whole are for pleasure, and exercise, too, T And oftenest used, young men, by you Behead. and you will assuredly find A Something that horses like-now mind. Y< iehearl once more, a plreposiliorn see : My riddle is easy, if patiuence there be. A ADA, It S14.-My first will nanio a bird to you; A pretty thing, and neat; Strange, if'you take its head away, It It still remains complete. T. EaxoNo Dudley Colliery. 15.-Behead an anima2, if you will, And leave, dear friends.,n annial still. Th - - .] -,
rde PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards Is still the same.) 16.-'Twas in the summer season I nearly lost my reason, While spending with a friend a holiday; For this abandoned fellow Not only played the 'cello, But punned and joked from morn till close of day. Once, as a merry party Were tripping gay and hearty The light fantastic on the village green, This wretch, in tones unnerving, Could not avoid observing, "' Quite rarely now are such grass.hoppers seen." A matron clean and thrifty, aat Whose years might number fifty. Stood watching ev'rything that there went on; And in a hasty flutter I heard him softly mutter, " If o'er I saw a ma-stif, there is one." One day, at bleak Kirkinner, We ordered fowl for dinner; The bill came in for one pound one, and then Ho tortured each spectator By saying to the waiter, ' I'm sure that fowl was not a guinea.hon." I seized him by the collar, And whole he'd time to holler. 1 gently laid him down outside the door cre When, after nearly choking. He said he'd give up joking, And never turn to panning any more. PHILo, Dundee. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another \i ord.) 17.-Ah, mel--or rather we, you know-how many and many a day Id. Has passed since on this dear old page we primal did appear! You're doubtless much surprised to find we've stopped so long away, But may we be allowed to hope you're glad to see us here ! For now we're " on the spot again," and that spot isn't "barred," Though many a bard is "on the spqt," just now and then, you know; We're sure our talent's wondrous, so don't think it rather hard If you hear these riddlers soon are what is called in slang the " go." We are dusting up our lances, and we'll have them soon "in rest ;" They've been too long at rest, we hear some riddling wag exclaim; Oh, we'll scribble riddles final, and we mean to do our best, So do not be offended when you see us gaining fame. Very valiant deeds we'll venture, to win praises from "our queen." As we rush with dauntless courage towards the centre Of the fray, and may she look with gentle eyes and fav'ring mien On her true knights twain, TELEMACHIUS AND CENTOR. 18.-I sing a first of the time When good Queen Bess did reign, When Sir Geoffrey left his love To sail o'er the Spanish main. Sad were the hearts at home When Sir Geoffrey sailed away; And the Lady Maud was sad, As he came not from day to day, He sailed o'er the Spanish main With a heart as light as air; And galleons half a score Made up his bounteous share. Till at length on a rock-bound last His ship as a wreck was tossed: And amid the storm that raged, His gallant life he lost. What then of the Lady Maud P- Did she languish and pine away ? No, she took another love, And she lived till her hair was grey. TALISMAN. 19,-First's a well-known colour; And if you change aright, An article worn by our Queen Is now within your sight. A. A. DYKEs, Southampton. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words, 20.-I have watched your progress, lady, from the time you made your bow To our list of knights and maidens, and with pleasure noted how You have sung your lays qo sweetly, in a voice so clear and soft, And I hope that in the future you will do so just as oft. Cross Words. This poet you discover should; 'Tis neither Burns nor Thomas Hood. Of many boats upon the sea, My second will a portion be. Of all the sports in all the lands, I love a sneat on Margate sands. An ocean fish it will define, What isn't caught with rod or line. This combination signifles What will be found by him who tries. My net, I will at once inform You, is of wind a kind of storm. A lovely flower with perfume sweet As any you may chance to meet. A maiden whom I dearly love ; Her eyes are blue as skies above. It comes with every passing year, And now I'm going to disappear. J. A. MARSeALL, Kennington. Foundation Word. 21.-Sometimes in wild, impetuous flights That stir the heart and fire the eye, It moves the soul to higher heights, As mounts the bird into the sky, At others, with a mournful sound 7 That all pervades the inmost sense, It fills the mind with grief profound S By magic of its influence. 9, Cross Words. 10. A large, fierce-looking quadruped; its ponderous bulk 11 and massive head 12 To any looker.on would shoj that it could make a deadly foe. 13. A very serviceable thing-comfort to many it doth bring ; You'll see it in the crowded street; 'tis useful in the rain and sleet. 16. A most voracious sea-fish-of anything 'twill make a dish; It is the terror of the sea; from it the mariner will flee. 'Tis formed and made with human hands; they set it up El in foreign lands; Iss It they all worship and adore, and shout its praise from Cu shore to shore. KA In desert lands this will be seen-used to bear burdens it (I) has been; C The Arabs, without it. their friend, oft could not reach gre tlcir journey's end, . IVA. oVNoE, Belfast, dec
OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is ohanged to form another wordJ 22.-Jack the tar was homeward rolling In a most eccentric way, As the village bells were tolling The conclusion of the day. Strange I sea-legs should be unsteady When on land, first, like enough, When Jack's had of beer already Lather more than quantum suff. Lat, our friend was "half-seas over," That's the naval epithet Used by tars when any rover Doth inebriated get. Jack had splendid powers of vision- So, perhaps, have other tars. For ho saw (hence my decisioni On that night some unknuown stars I Well, he went on, whistling, grumbling Hugging lamp-posts one or two, Lurching, hiccoughing, and stumbling, Till his cottage " hovo in view." As; he passed into the garden, Some old friend he thought he saw; So he spoke, " I beg yer pardon; Heroe, old chap, give us yer paw." 'Twas the pump with arm extended, \Vhich fact he fd' once ignored; Gripped the handle, which descended, Slipped, whilst water o'er him poured. Oh, but Jack just then was furious, For the liquid made him wince; But it cured him, for. 'tis curious, HIo has ne'er been tipsy since. I a moral have appended Where the story rightly halts: Be assured you're best befriended When your friend corrects your faults. Anonctt B., Kentish Town. BETAG IAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to sorn another word.) 23.-'Twas to a busy mnurket town That " Cheap John" made his way; In cities he had won renown, And ne'er incurred the slightest frown By " giving goods away." Of course, he had a caravan And the proverbial " clownish man" To yell whlene'er his sales began- A wise and most judicious plan To " sell." He sold his gaudy goods by night, And " sold the people," too ; But, don't you seo, his gools were bright- Were decorated dark and light, And therefore all were " new." He'd tell an anecdote or tale That quickly turned gay faces pale, Before each evening's " bpecial sale o" To reap a harvest)ie'd ne'er fail- He'd " sell." Both men and women mut within llis grand, coummodious tent; Some fat and short, some long and thin, And not a few with too much chin, On driving bargains bent. They'd give applause and shout " Hear, hear," To happy John the auctioneer; And ne'er had they good can.o to fear That goods of his were ever dear. He'd "sell." He won esteem and lound applause When first he goods for naught; But those he gave bore many flawu- 'Twas but a bait to aid his cause, And people oft were caught. He'd freely next a thing or two- A lurnished knife or pipe, "quite now;" His audience, thus convinced anew, Then would their handsome bids renew. He'd " sell." But happy John met with a fate Well merited, I ween; The people-oh,'tis sad to state I- Found out the swindler, "John the great," And vented well their spleen. So happy Johnny took a fit With which he also made a flit. Oh, what, sirs, do these lines emit P Just simply this: " The biter's bit," And " sold." V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. CHIARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 24.-A mineral precious My prinmd reveals; My second's oft left by A wound when it heals, Just take for example The Lord Marmion, Who sported a second His brown cheek upon. These two words together A school's name will shbow; We placed there two pupils A short time ago. If you can't remember The name of the place, In this very journal 'That name you may trace. PATRICK S., Belfast.