RIDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENT.
frop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) Ii nr take up my harp with a weary ping, ping, Ijhojin a orwfal plight; -r feelo inoament' truants a song I would sing, or heart is so heavy to-night. or he~r long list many names we have missed, .Pcr0 n su help regretting and fretting about them; ldl So I've come to proclaim To the truants of fame That the "Tourney" is lonely without them. ,51 e up my harp with a weary ping, ping, lbdl tl glance o'er the Mersey's broad breast; SLanashire brothers a song I would sing, din. oplore them to heed my request. . -berd asd oh where's G. H. Jones and E. Blair? p lr ds who sang cheerily, drearily shout them; Will they list to my strain, And return once again ? For the " Tourney" is lonely without them. .Ftlltake up my harp with a weary ping, ping- ol Demanches and Uncas, return; aur friend Agonistes, why do you not sing? Tbe true cause of your silence we'd learn. iliam D. P. not a first can we see, 0ar bards, with suggestions, ask questions about them; So we ask them to.night, Will they pity our plight ? For the " Tourney " is lonely without them. Irll lay down my harp with a weary ping, ping, For I've glanced with a last down the list ; gd a shadov around me does mournfully cling, For so many good bards I have missed. ld I sit and I stare at the vacancies there, kidifearthey worn't hear, though I bellow and shout them, For my voice is not strong; So will those in our throng The petition prolong? For the" Tourney" is lonely without them. MalroN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. PRECE.OMEGRAMS. p~ge the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 1,-The sun was high, the sky was fair, No sound disturbed the sultry air; The scene around was calm and grand, Great trees uprose on every hand. All, all was still-all, all was peace, Each bird his warbling seemed to cease; But when the view looked brightest, best, A murder broke its hallowed rest. A murder? Yes ! the murderer I! For he-my foe-I'd seen draw nigh With instrument of death, prepared To end my days, if stay I dared. Miy blood ran cold ; would first next day Perceive me changed to lifeless clay ? Must-must I die? Ah, never, nol My blood fired high-my hand sank low. I drew my life-preserver out, Towards the foe I turned about; Quick, quick as lightning-flash, I dashed My weapon down; through brain it crashed And dead at once he dropped-while now The brand of Cain was on my brow I But yet one refuge can I take- My foeman was-a rattlesnake ! F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 3.-Oh, dear, I'm in a dreadful pickle I don't know what on earth to do; The cruel world is false and fickle, And I-well, I am fickle, too. There's Mary Jane, who all last summer Professed to love me and adore; But now she's married to a plumber, And lives upon the second floor. And then there's Bridget, Poll, and Nancy, And Susan Anne, and all the rest, And Meg, who left 'cause, foolish fancy, She loved the butcher's boy the best I And now, at last, my time is reckoned, My youthful heart's a shattered wreck; For she-that's Mary Jane the second- Last night fell down and broke her neck I And so with pain and grief dumbfounded, I lie, transfixed in first despair, Within my little bed, surrounded With brandy, and uprooted hair ! And as I last and stare above me, I cannot help but think it mean, That when I get a girl to love me, She runs away and dies unseen. Oh, how I wish the world would pity A youth so poor and weak as I, And help me look about the city To find a girl that wouldn't die. But no, they won't; and teardrops trickle Adown my pure and placid brow; To me the world is false and fickle, For none within it love me now. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. METAGRAM. IChaine thi first letter of a word to form another wordJ 4.-It played without my boarding.house Beside the sad and moaning sea, The which its discord seemed to rouse Into a state of agony. Why people tolerate such things I never could quite understand; To me it aye distraction brings- A:loud, discordant German band I With cheeks puffed out and eyes that glare Defiance at the world around, Each bandsman strives to first the air With the most unmelodious sound. Each tries hiscomrade to outstrip- The trombone has the race in hand; Oh, how I'd like to make you " skip," You peace-destroying German band I Play on, poor souls, and waste your time- Your enorts shan't avail you aught; With fixed determination I'm esolved that I nert give you naught, Unless it be "in charge." But, oh, There is no law in all the laud To touch the peaceful Briton's foe- The fiery untamed German band. A. AMBEnLEys Manchester. ENIGMAS. 5~W at is't hath power to rend the heart, To kindle ire, or cause to smart Thehearts thatloved that rankleth deepl In sordid hearts; hath power to steep In shame ahid misery and woe- That causeth bitter tears to flow ; That makes man's heart a wilderness hIht Ourseth all with power to bless; he fe,, the villain's spur, the spite; Eath's poson, virus, bane, and blight? * 6"T ee" ' ' H. CoZ, lirleihead. AlTh is a certain party o naguages can speok; _never seen,nutyct hie's heard '-blaughb to. cry, and squeak; G. W, HATrAN.
META.OMEGRAM. Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 7.-By a primal flowing Roamed a maiden fair, Dreaming idle fancies, Weaving rare romances, While the sun was throwing Shadows on her hair. 'Mid the flower-profusion Of a snug retreat, Stood an artist ranger- Quite a mystic stranger, Gazing in seclusion On the scene so sweet. See her dancing brightly On the shingled stage, To the stream-chant pausing, Dimpled shadows causing; See his pencil lightly Dotting o'er the page. From her heart-next pleasures, With a dainty grace, Eyes and cheeks a-glowing, Turns she, all unknowing 'Mongst a stranger's treasures Smiles her pictured face. MAaION AND AnY. 8.-The amber lights in the first west die, I have watched the glorious red sunset; But withered leaves in my pathway lie- I am wrapped in the gloom of a great regret. Oh, faded.leaves from the branches shed, The trees will bud when the winter's o'er, But the fairest hopes of my life are dead, And last cheer the weary road no more. LILIAN M. DoUGLAS, Camberwell. NARRATIVE METAGRAMIS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 9.-I was standing by the window, thinking deeply of the past, And wondering if it could be true-time flies so very fast; It seemed almost incredible that twenty years ago I was a tiny infant-and yet it must be so. The presents all around me-whatever could they mean P The wishes I'd received from friends-but yet it did not seem As if I could believe the fact that youth had passed away- It made me feel so old to say, " I'm twenty years to-day." I thought of all that I had done-the good, and bad as well, And, perhaps you won't believe it, but a tear-drop slowly fell; For all the time seemed wasted, and I wished I could forget That these long twenty years had brought me nothing but regret- Regret for hasty sentences, regret for causing grief, Regret that to so few I'd tried to bring joy or relief, And that for others' pleasures I had given so little time- When, breaking in upon my thoughts, a hand was slipped in mine. "Nell, isn't this your birthday?" a soft voice gently said; And I turned to meet a childish face with cheeks flushed rosy red. Two bright blue eyes were raised to mine as slowly I replied, "Worse luck, it is;" and then the child came closer to my side. "I thought it was, because, down stairs, I heard dear mother say, ' Nellie should be a woman now; she's twenty years to. day.' And yet you don't like birthdays;" then, quickly getting bold, "Perhaps you do not like it, Nell, because you're grow. ing old." I laughed at that, so quaint she spoke, and then she flushed again, As slowly she withdrew the hand that in my own had lain. " I came to tell you all about something I've got for you; And, Nell, please don't you laugh at me-it's all that I could do." She placed within my hand a bunch of poppies, pink and red, And with demure and pretty grace she shyly hung her head. I looked at all my gifts, and thought of all the love they meant, I thought of all the wishes that kind friends to me had sent; And I looked at those bright flowers, which should ever treasured be, Since they spoke so true yet simply of a dear child's thought for me. NELLIE WATsoN, Cheshunt. 10.-Ounr tradesmen are all very honest, I'm sure- There isn't a doubt about that; When a dairyman swears that his milk is all pure- There isn't a doubt about that; And a barman declares that his beer is all hops, Is struck dumb with surprise when his ginger-beer popse; Oh, tradesmen are virtuous, we know, in their shops- There isn't a doubt about that 1 Our " Riddling Tourney's " a very grand thing- There isn't a doubt about that; And riddler's will join the refrain ab we sing " There isn't a doubt about that I" Let us.hope that the standard it's reached ne'er may fall, With its host of contributors, both great and small Who confess that Miss Taylor is queen of them all- There isn't a doubt about that I R. W. ANDREws AND E. N. IIARnIs. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 11.-Unhonoured I have been for long rIn this gay "Tournament" of friends, But some kind inspiration tends To raise my voice again in song; Indeed, ambition condescends To tell me silence has been wrong. Why thus my wayward muse has slept, I can in solemn truth but guess; It may be that my carelessness Increased the more she sighed and wept In agony of dire distress At halting lines and rhymes unkept. And only now, with trembling fear, The previous course I fain would tread, Hojing that I may still be led, By that fair star, which, shining clear, Again arises o'er my heads- A source of light in pathway drear. A. IH. ScALEs. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treate'd separately,) 12.--One-fourth of home, One-fourth of Rome, Put with one-fourth of moon; One.third of ear, One-fourth of hear, And then one-fourth of tune; One-fourth of isle, Onie.filfth of vmile, When all are: placed aright, What Irishmen are seeking Will quickly come in sight. FRESEIDAN,
TRANSPOSITIONS. (TransDose the letters in a word to form another word.) (Omitted by Telemachus.) 13.-Will you think of me when the air is still, And the voices of night are calling ? Will you think of me when the roof cats All The air with their caterwauling ? Will you think of me when you're walking out In the midst of the city's hurry ? Will you think of me in the the rush and rout Of the crowd's great flurry-scurry ? Will you think of me when you're whirling round In the midst of the ball's great rustle ? Will you think of me when your heart is bound In the effort to fix your bustle ? Will you think of me when you're sitting down At the bending breakfast table ? Will you think of me when you wear a frown, And to first you are unable ? Oh, think of me when the next is cold, And the eggs as hard as marbles; Oh, think of me when you start to scold With a voice like a modern bar-belle's; Oh, think of me when you're well or ill, In the midst of joy or sorrow. Will you think of me when the neighbours will Your gamp or bonnet borrow ? In everything you do or say, In the midst of woe or glee, Just put all other thoughts away, And think of me. And when you think of nothing at all, And your eyes on nought would be, Oh, then sweet joy will me enthral- Then I know you think of me. IVANHOE. Belfast. 14.-One summer's day, o'ercome by thirst, I walked into a country Jirst. A rustic maiden fair to see Handed my glass of milk to me; A dolly varden crowned her hea l, But could not hide her roses red. I dare not call her quite a saint, 1 only know she didn't paint i For (in my last i've written this), I solved the problem with a kiss ! TERESA CAMPTHORNE. 15.-Transpose an animal; if right, you'll be Transported to the sands beside the sea. LITTLE BO-IsEEP, OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 16.-With the lightning's vivid flash And the thundr's awful crash, And the billows as they surge with angry roar, I come, and in my wrath Spurn all objects in my path, And sweep relentlessly o'er sea and shore. This is a fav'rite drink, And many people think 'Tis very good if only used with care; But often 'tis abused, And to excess is used. And so becomes a curse and deadly snare. Young Pawkins is a bean Of the masher type, you know, With high collar, crutch and toothpick all so gay; He third's at all the girls, And calls them all his " pearls," And many foolish things he'll think and say. How great is our delight, When in the " Tourney " fight Our own effusion fourth an honoured place; Then let's be up and doing, The muse with ardour wooing, Or else for honour we shall get disgrace. C. F. BARKERa, Wood Green. 17.-I'd rayther live my haill life lang On aitken cakes and parritch, Than be the pairtuer o' first life, O ugly Tam M'Guaritch ! Ou, ay 1 I ken fu' weel you're rich In second yellow goud; But ye're nuyther rich in brains nor looks- You're like a floo'er that's dowed. Gang hame, ye auld grey gomerel, And bather me nae mair; I tell ye plainly, ance for a', Your face I canna bear. Mon, hand your yatt'ring, iley tongue! I ne'er heard such concate; As if a bonny lass like me Wi' you wad ever mate I Na, na I I'll ne'er consent tae wad A scarecrow sich as you, While there are gallants tae the fore Like young Andrew o' the Stoo. LEO BEARSDEN WOLFSTRUTHEB. 18.-My first's a sticky substance, At stationers' 'tis bought; My next is used by soldiers Who in the wars have fought. LANTICLES AND 1. WHEELER. CHARADES. (l'ormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 10.-What a bore! why can't he go ? Thomas, pray, the front door show To that primal down below- Remind him of his station. Then I'll take my skiff and row On the river's bosom, slow, Bathed in sunset's ruddy glow, Quite fit an occupation. Come now, Thomas, you must go Off to Scotland, well, you know, And seek a town of civic show With keenest expectation. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. 20.-My first by every wheel is made; We on my second tread; My whole is county very small, But fruitful, so 'tis said. W. CANNING, Belfast. 21.-My first, you'll find, grows in a field; My whole is the name 6f a second; Now try your best-'tis a riddler's name, If I have rightly reckoned. W. LEwrs, Ironville. 22.-" Mr. Sly" is my first; A covering for my socotd; My whole will be a plant, If I have rightly reckoned. IH., CARTER. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meanhin. but the same in sound.) 23.-If you canfirst this horrid plot By means of'a pretext, And send the villain off to gaol, I'll give you, p'liceman, without fail, For twenty potinds a next. V. ID. T., Warrington. ROTATION CHANGE, (Clhangeo theletters of a wonl in stocession to form other words.) 2.--My fi'st is a toy used by many a boy; On drawing a cork my second you'll hear; In the centre of .ruit you will get this recruit, And my lj as1 so a penny a boy will soon cheer. C. F. BLAcBTcutN.
ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 25.-Here's to the home of the primal bold, The turbulent, billowy sea; Its might by man ne'er was controlled, And its wildness makes it free. The primal't life is often gay As he sails on each voyage and trip, With love for tempests, and cheer for spray, And fervent regard for his ship. Cross Words. Accumulate it as he may, Release it, sirs, he must one day. A busy insect here espy, It you can't guess unless you try. Every venture were ill-faring Had it naught of this and daring. Men on ev'ry land and shore Some form or thing have to adore. Pronounced and spelled the same each way, And 'tis a part of ev'ry day. A commend unto a nation, Pertaining to a proclamation. One's ways and manners may be rough, True may a heart be though 'tis bluff. J. C. DRENON AND V. D. TAYLOR. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex pressed in the narrative.) 26.-Fair ladies, list awhile to me, While I to you for pardon sue, Because I once inferred that we Sang sweeter-sounding songs than you. If any fair one e'er believed Me quite sincere in what I said, I pray her to be undeceived- 'Twas but a joke, sure, that I played. For well I know that ye can sing Far sweeter than we males e'er could, Because the thoughts which from you spring Are gentle, noble, pure, and good. S. Woon. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.l 27.-I make my debut in a cloud of flame, Oh, Marion, Queen of the "T.;" I'm sent from a place which I will not name To doff my black hat to thee- To doff my black hat with its shadowy feather, To draw my mask and my cloak together; I come in a mist this very hot weather In homage to bend the knee. Oh. R. le Diable, I fain would last To shake thy hand of snow ; 'Twould help me in my arduous first- I'm so very warm, you know. While the bats and the owls are over me flying On a tombstone grey in the mist I'm lying; But I'm not used to cold, and I think I'm crying, So I'll make a deep sigh and go. LA MYSTEr.IE. 28.-If I am first, I can't be seconid, Yet first or second I must be; That you can't tell which I am reckoned Mlakes me to you a mystery. MADEIRA. 29.-The hill-top we arrived at With many first and sighs; Johnny on some next then sat, And rose in much surprise. T.u, Manchester. DUAGRAMIS. (OhUinso the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 30.-Some first ago, our " Tourney " Queen And Miss J. A. arranged between Themselves in No. 815 Of this, our Young Folks P., To set old Father Thames on fire By writing riddles by the quire For knights and ladies to admire And read with mirth and glee. Now, all must own that Marion T. Has done the very best that she Can do, by writing to the " T." Like any riddling sage. But Miss J. Arthur--where is she? Her cons. we very seldom see, Whereas they one time used to be The foremost on this page. O lady dear, last back to us, And take your empty station, And send us riddles teeming with Your wit and animation. And, riddlers dear, I ask you all To join me in the strain, Bidding our absent comrade to Come back to us again. CA InA. SQUARE WORDS. 31.-If you should lose an article and offer a reward, This word will tell you what you do if to you'tis restored. I worry you, I flurry you, I make you rack your brain, And if you cannot solve Lne, then your labour's all in vain This most uncommon Christian name 'twill puzzle you to guess; 'Tis not a very fascinating one, I must confess. What ladies of uncertain years endeavour to conceal; Please write it twice, for here three letters only I reveal. Still once again, dear riddlers, I demand a Christian name. Please choose one for the fairer sex, and that is all I claim' A consonant just scribble down, and then add one short word- Its meaningis " with reference to," " concerning," so I've heard. These words will form a perfect square, if placed in order due; So, having put you on the trail, I'll leave the rest to you. E. L. HoLLOWAY, London.