Ti T 11-r f Ti T T Ti1%r A 11 r n Arm ENIGMA.
1.--0h, listen, all ye riddlers gay, the writer wants to state The grievances and troubles he's experienced of late, And ventures to suggest (though he's the worst of living chaps) That melancholy ones don't always meet with such mis. haps. And now, to make a long tale short, just let me say that I Six months ago was blown with force right in my mother's eye; Despite her strong objections and her wrigglings about, I lingered there defiantly, refusing to come out. And when, one night, the gas refused to give a proper light (And uncles, aunts, and cousins all agreed it wasn't right), Of course the workmen qame next day the meter to repair, They went to clean the gaspipe out and found that I was there. This doesn't end my grievances-I've yet another more. One day the servant girl came in and found me on the floor, Whereat she made no more to do (I'm sorry to relate) Than up she shovelled wretched me and pitched me in the grate. And now the writer wishes one and all to bear in mind That incidents like these would aggravate the most refined, And, furthermore, he would remark with sundry " Oh's " and " Hems!" That clocks and watches tell the time, and London's on the Thames. MELANCHOLY HARRY. DECAPITATION. 2.-The knight laughed loud iu exultant glee, As the flagon went circling round. "Dare I cross the arm of the howling sea, And pluck a sprig from the haunted tree. And my winding bugle sound ? Ha! ha !" quoth he. ''tis an angry night. 1'11 first the wrath of the water's might, And laugh at the storm. Ha hal He ! he !" The seneschal sadly breathes his prayer That the knight will pause ere he rides to dare The whirl of the boiling wave. " out what care I for the stormy sea. The rage of the wind, or the witches' tree ? The spirits abroad with my spirits agree, And I next at the tempest's power. He ! he! No dangers daunt the brave !" His steed's as mad as the screaming wind, And flecks the foam on his flanks behind, And leaps to the roaring sea ! The trembling guests through the darkness leer, The seneschal murmurs a last in fear, And o'er the wild waters, shrilly and clear, Out rings the cry, " Hal hal He i he !" They watch his form by the lightning's glance, And see the horse like a demon prance On the strand of the distant isle; By a darker shade than the murky night They note his ascent of the haunted height, And see the gleam of his rapier bright As he severs a sprig the while. "Ha! ha! He! he!" O'er the furious sea Rises the horn's refrain, Aa he bears the sprig of the witches' tree High o'er the storming main I Awhile they wait. The dawn breaks slowly; the wat:L:ers see The lifeless knight, His rapier bright, And the sprig of the witches' tree! NOE NAtIE. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. Cross Words. 3.-F ar through the first of dim, departed years, A ud next a burst of sad, regretful tears, I utent on bygone days, I third my way; T hrough memory's paths in saddened fourth I stray. H earts that with love once fifth to beat for me, H urry before my gaze, and mock me painfully. O h, sixth my burdened soul, thy tauntings cease, P ain not my heart, but leave me here in peace. E nauring endless nexts will eigath my life A nd ill ninth's pleasures in a whirl of strife. N ow every trace of tenth and beauty gone, D egraded on life's road I next alone. C heerless and thirteenth, now I twelfth must plod, It omeless till buried next the pauper's sod. A h, fifteenth that were mine in days ,ne by, R eturn no more to answer my vain cry. I n my sad nexts and features hope is dead: T rembliung with this, I pleading next for bread; Y earning for this I last my weary head. Foudnati,,on Words. Whole, saying true, I might have lived and proved Had I not from the paths of duty roved- Had I but listened to the warning cry, And trusted in Faith, Hope, and Charity. HoRACx W., Brighton. MIETAGRAMS. 4.-My hair is white, my head is bent, My earthly days are nearly spent; But mem'ry fond will oft recall When I was worshipped by them all Who now refuse the homage due To age, and former service true. When I was young and lithe is form, Well suited for the battle's storm ; When I could first the gleaming brand, And scatter death at my command; When I was chief of fearless clan, True to the core, ay, ev'ry man, Who'd sooner die than next to foe, With dying breath defiance throw, Nor bent the knee to sovereign king, But would to him our gauntlet fling, 'Twas then from men I gained esteem. Oh, would from time I could redeem Once more that time I 'Twill never be, And I must bend to Fate's decree. T. S. SIaUL. 5.-A person's nature it will change, And cause him far and near to range, And make him speak in manner strange- Will first. 'Twill cut a person to the heart, And through him make fierce anger dart, And even make a stoic smart- Will second. Of ancient lineage is he, A haughty man of high degree, Who boasts of naught but " pedigree"- I. third. Who from the haunts of men doth roam, And searches many a mystic tome, In caves will often make his Lome- 'Tis fourth. They will at close of summer's day To running brooklets make their way, The calls of nature to obey- Will last. J. M'COLL. CENTRAL CHAfNGE. 6.-Pome country folks to London went; On fun and pleasure they were bent. Grand firsts in numbers great they saw, And stared on them in fear and awe. Then down the river's side they walk ; Of everything they see they talk; T'he stately nexts their wonder are- They marvel how they go so far. NArUTICAL NAT. CENTRAL DELETION. 7.-When on the ice he had a slide, He fell upon his first. "Oh. are you hurt ?" " I next," he sighed, And into tears he burst. F. T. RiDLET.
8.-Young Theophilus William Augustus M'eann Was a sage, and a wise and a learned young man. He'd been wise from the days of his childhood-in fact, In his cradle, at six months, no wisdom he lacked. But at twenty he won the respect of the world At the way he inveighed, while he thunderbolts hurled At the structures that scientists ventured to build, For beneath his first satire their logic was killed. But his learning was vast, and his research was grand; He had studied all works of great men in the land ; And if rivals derided, with arguments strong, His great dissertations, he'd ne'er own them wrong. A spectacle he was delighted to meet Was of little boys making " mud-pies'" in the street. With a next full of learning, he'd tell, with delight, All the morals derived from that beautiful sight. He'd say, " See that trio of boys in the dirt : Their sport shows to what trade their ideas revert; It disperses the future's dim, mystical haze, And foretells what will happen in far-distant days. " Each mud-pie denotes that a house good and neat Will be reared by those children who play in the street; There is science in mud-pies, as all may be sure, 'Tis thus ' Coming events cast their shadows before' " Thus he science would find in a stone, or a pill, Or a halfpenny jam-tart, or the dairyman's bill; He'd such third upon science, he'd fine art apply To the commonest things that another passed by. But, alas ! that such genius should such an end find, That for aye should be quenched all the fire in his mind I But while taking his breakfast one ill-fated day, He got choked by a problem, and thus passed away. J. P. HaauRINeTON. ENIGMA. 9.-I'm owned by the monarch, the beggar as well; My power is greater than story can tell, Yet oft I'm so weak that I scarce can exist, And hatred's encroachings thus fail to resist. I'm prison'd, I'm free as the birds in the air; I level distinctions of rank ev'rywhere; I exalt, I degrade, I please, I annoy, The source of much sorrow, the source of all joy. I'm found in the palace, the cottage, and hall ; The pride of the master, the joy of the thrall; You'll find me where'eron this world you may range ; I'm lawful, unlawful, I'm common, I'm strange. PuILO. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 10.-It would not welcome be Upon your tees, Though very oft it comes Beneath your nose. Cross Words. He had a voice-it was as loud As that of fifty men; In Grecian history his name Undoubtedly you ken. To aldermen known. As you're well aware: At their banquets 'tis shown To be part of their fare. The blacksmith he can surely bring From me a sweet and merry ring. In Sco'nh, and Irish names, I ween, A son it will most surely mean. For the ingenious you see, They call for their ability. G. GRANT, Petersham. DECAPITATION. 11.--lRalph the primal set sail with his villanous crew, They'd a favouring breeze and before it they flew; And as they ashore all their money had spent, Were, of course, on piratical errand intent. A rich Spanish galleon soon came in their sight, And as she'd no guns, why, she couldn't show fight; So with canvas all spread to escape ti:em she tries, But the pirates were swift and they captured the prize. Ralph the primal was jubilant second his luck, When three more ships to him their colours had struck. So homeward they steered, but one night came a shock, And they sank, for nio bell was on dread Inchcape rook. D. G. HOLMES. METAGRAM. 12.-The night was dark As our little bark Swift o'er first waters bore us. 'Ihere to our right We saw a light Seemingly coming towards us. " The mail! the mail !" we cried, " Next comes from a foreign shore In her our darling pride, With her freight of golden store. All hail! all hail!" When morning came We saw no mail in sight; But to our right, On a barren height, We saw the beacon's light. J. W. Jonas. POLYPHONE. l;3.-I saw the crowd and heard the shouts of "Go it :" I stopped to view, and candidly can state The sight was most disgusting to a poet- Th' contrast in their sizes being great. The littler looked diminatively little. The big 'un looked superlatively big. Each waved his arms, nor yielded jot or tittle, Each danced a queer antagonistic jig. I saw, moreover, as I did depart Neither was primal in the " noble art," And gladly saw the combatants precocious Hurt not each other, though they looked ferocious. Inventors great were we, I and my neighbour ; Our faculties we taxed, but it was Dan Whose brain evolved the notion, and the labour Fell then on me. I carried out the plan. And, oh, to next arrangements whar, attention I gave, devoting whol!y to the task My energies ! Success crowned that invention- We introduced a straw into a cask ! Then thirsty Dan the nectar lesser made (Don't shudder, for it was but lemonade) ; But as my turn arrived they caught me napping, So Dan had lemonade, and I-a strapping ! W. J. SwasaAN.a. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 14.-Who has not heard the moaning wind Sweep o'er the earth, as though to find S,,mething on which its wrath to vent, Ravaging till its strength is sprnt ? Onward it goe + from place to place, l.'aving no signs its course to trace; Rustling amongst each leafy bough, But none can tell us whence or how. H. R. PRESTON, Kennington. NUMERICAL CHARADE. Foundation Wor·d. 15.--Whole is a valuable p-ecious stone, And contains the amount of seven letters you'llown. Cross Words. 4, 3, 2, 6 First in size or rank, the ocean; 3, 2, 4 To design, direct, or motion; 5, 6 Onward, in continuance; 3, 2, 7 This means to give assistance 4, 5, 3, 6 To grieve, lament, or to bewail; 4, 3, 6 All mankind, an adult male; 3. 4 First person of the verb "to be;" 3, 6, 1 A word which joins in this you'll see; 4, 3, 1 This means disordered in the mind; 4, 2, 7, 6 Opunion, mark, to be inclined: 1, 2, 4 To render dull, not clearly seen; 3, 1, 7 To join or increase this does mean; 3, 4, 2, 1 In the middle or among; 7, 5, 6 A Spanish title, to put on: Ar BoEsMER, Shorucliffe.