RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. wroP the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) . __a ,an.+ia voice is greatly missed,
(rp ......d entle voice is greatly missed, o"A deet anwe always wait and hope to hear; ndulland empty is our "Tourney" list So tot that voice, to all last fondly dear; .nd we are longing it once more to greet- Our Queenie, fair and sweet. urirst low tones have banished much of pain ourIn dys of old, when riddling names were young. Iastnn with pleasant speed to us again, And let us hear once more each winning song; For you've been silent now for many a day, Dear Queenie, bright and gay. atve you grown tired of friendship, love, and fame p Or are you resting from your work awhile ?- Ieeping us waiting for your w2ll-known name, geeping as watching for your welcome smile. patient we'll be, but, oh I come to us soon. Grant, Queeuie, this our boon. aus illnesskept you, dear, from out our ranks P If so, of sympathy you may be sure; But if you can, please earn our heartfelt thanks, And send us some few 1i es from out your store; for mach we long to see your writings here, Our Queenie, ever dear. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE CURTAIBT MENTS. pthe fainal letter ofin ahwored, le aing another word, expressed (To Robert le Diable.) -I should like to come to Hades just to see what pranks you play, nuch.respected Robert-will you show to mae the sty home must be quite different from your own, my trusty friend, ill you in this simple way "Miss" Mephisto be- friend? Bades is a country house, where brightness ever beams, ie where the summer flowers bloom, like sunshine's truaent gleams; ore it stretches lines of hills which seem to touch the sky, ndt its back a river's flowing stream you may descry. y "inky imps and demons," too, are anything but dark, eirbonnie little voices match the music of the lark, d their childish hands are busy, as with fun they're all alnve, othese "demons," Lord le Diable, consist of children esre not "infernal," either, though they make an awful noise, ess sisters and these brothers, a small band of girls and boys; dthough they're hatching dreadful plots throughout each sunny day, eithey seeul to make my gloomy (?) home a scene of all Sthat's gay. erearo others in my Hades, two of whom I love full or sinceI entered in the world 'twould puzzle one to tell that they've done for me-far more than sister does for brother; farcy you will know I mean my father and my mother. of the fun and joy I have I do not think you'd guess; altoe Ive told you all about my Hades, please confess twhile on me Dame Fortune all her gifts for ever pours, y, Robert, is this Hades like, in any way, to yours ? youre lit up with smiles and love, or is it dark and cold ? It sofull o Ipleasant scenes that timid hearts grow bold ? loades is a sunny place, and yours should be the sane, a though a genuine " Diable" is thought to live in bme. MIss MEPHISTOPHELES, Hades. 3,-Do not ask me, dearest mother, To inform you where I've been; I perchance might tell " another," And things would not sail serene. Mother, take it all for granted That I've been to school to-day; And if any proof is wanted, Ask Jim danks across the way. Yes, I am a truthful creature- People often tell me so, And that I shad some day reach a Place where good boys always go. Don't you, then, believe me, mother ? Do not frown upon me the s! All your angrl doubtangs smother, Fur you know I hate a fuss. Leave the stick just where it's hanging (P'r'aps the nail will fall astray); Please postpone your vexed haranuguing Till ' re wandered far away. Mother, I'm a truthful critter, And I could not tell a lie ; Your suspicions, ma, are bitter To a cherub such as I. Since you will not trust me, mother, I must needs remark " farewell "- deek some lonely spot or other While your angry feelings swell. Don't create much devastation While I gambol far and wide; Leave out all expostulation, ''or I am resolved to slide. Though I honour every martyr Who has ever suffered pain, Still you know you are a tartar When you wield that club-like cane; Self-respect I cannot barter, Iother dear, for sordid gain. Tai BLACK PRINCE, Manchester. i'-My I hope that the readers of " Tourney " utill remember the name penned below? Yy I hope that they haven't forgotten 1 RAiter they knew long ago ? ýY I hope that he may be forgiven If hi a comrades of old, and his queen ? Sbut for the services rendered When he wrote in the days that have been. ay I hope that a Warrington comrade- ReT, comrades I rat er should say- -Oeher a ou, ' jolly meeting," Andthe glss of good milk " o'er the way ? ny I ope trat the, "Tourney traveller '" " ltr:m,nial Agent" may be ? o1sp I InSure that his thoughts haven't travelled rum Iris merry frursunts, ansd-from me. And now I've the courage to venture Tho lope that our Editor's not Foen the writer who's ofter . bh.uted conA b. y "the lot " P , there. Isnr sure that you all f0r meymembered the punster, the "hot 'un;" ,o, ,s.s I have ouly to say, Thogh absent I've never forgotten." T. RoYsTbnr, Bangor.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word' expresstd in the narr htive.) 5.-When moonbeams glimmer white In the blackness of the night, And shadows weird and ghostly come and go before the sight, Past echoes stealing slow Into graven memories grow, And other times and moments our restful spirits linow. Past dreams of fairyland, When hope-a golden wand- Unlocked the doors of Paradise at our supreme command; But when the heart awoke, The spell of magic broke, And disappointed thoughts and hopes upon us laid their yoke. Soul-thoughts in gladness born Would flutter in the morn, Striving with higher visions our life's work to adorn; But soon, with tired wings, Harassed by petty stings, Would sink down to the earth they left in wild imaginings. Sweet visions that had come To make our hearts their home, But soon, alas I the heart that kept them fainter grew and dumb, Till earth and mind they spurned; And though we fondly yearned To keep the treasure, they had gone, and never yet returned. A smile, a look, a word, That deepest feeling stirred, Alighting on her fancy like the resting of a bird; And treasures long forgot- A flower, a hallowed spot- Appear before our eyes with look and touch remembered not. Strange that a look or touch Could influence so much, But life and love and happiness are ever made of such; A chain of linked sweets, That in the midnight meets, Entangles round our memory and witching spell com- pletes. Ye memories, delay, Go not upon your way Till night breaks into morning, then the glamour fades away; Ye are not meet for then, Too sweet for other ken, But in the midnight silence I shall wait for you arain. IVAtNOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.( 6.-Ben Bolter is a sailor as has seen some hundred cruises, The only fault about him is he very often boozes; The best of us all have our faults, and be is no exception, The pious man, the lawyer, and the priest are not per- section. "One day," said he, " when sailing on the broad Pacific Ocean, A pirate ship we spotted, and it caused a rare commotion; The cap'n ordered hands at once to get in preparation, And told us it we lost the day he'd stop our liquor ration. "We'd got a famous gun on board, the largest manu- fictured, Although we did hear say the iron was just a little fractured : The cap'n said, ' Let fire, my boys; we'll give her such a lickin' As '11 stop that blessed pirate ship, thobeast, from future kickin'.' "We filled that gun with iron nails right up unto the muzzle, To stuff another ounce inside would quite have been a puzzle, And then we stood aside, my boys, for it was precious risky To stand too near that piece, you know, in case it might turn frisky. "But when the gunner with the match set fire unto the powder, Of all reports I ever heard I never heard a louder; For, if you please, that giant gun was almost filled with rust up, And when the powder took, of course, it made an awful bust up. "I took a ride above the clouds by force of that explo- sion, Until of reaching heaven I had a very solid notion; But then towards the sea I made a progress pretty fair, sir, For it was rather cold up there, and I am not a bear, sir. "I reached the sea all safe and sound, for not a scratch I bore, sir, And, after swimming for a week, I safely rot ashore, sir; But of our crew there never came another blessed man on Land, and ever since that time I've never fir,~d a cannon." BOOZLE AN' O'RAiARTtEY, Kamschatka. NARRATIVE META.PR ECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and Inst hut one of a word to form Ilnotlsr word, expressed in the narrativo.) 7.-Pride of my heart, thou hast heartlessly blighted The wish of my buzzim, the hope of my soul; The mine I had artlessly dug for, delighted, Holds nothing of fire, but the darkness of coal. Thy vows, I avow, were as foamless as formless (This foam's mere endearments to gull and ensnare), Were only the baits of a flirtation stormless, Though tempests of passion emboldened to dare. Ye imps of dire mis'ry! ye adepts to torment! Desist from your onslaughts, this minute hegone; Is peace or is downright fierce war to the knife meant ? I cannot bear upright with naught to stand on. Alas and alack ! I'm undone, I mean done, sirs; Ah, why did I meet with an old bird like she ? Whom a feather doth tickle may think my woe fun, sirs; But game I am earnestly trying to be. She finished her game with my eye-ost affection, And dashed-" chucked "-the joy to the dregs from my oup; But, dash it all, boys I when she saw my dejection, She actually wanted to know what was aup I looked very dowan in the lip. for uneouthful Her cold-arled conduct and cheek seemed 0to be; And my lips would not part-'cos why.? I'd a mouthful Of moving emotions that morbed not she I V. D. TAYLon AND APOSTROPrE. NARRATIVE MIETA-OMIEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters~ot a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 8.-They say I'm a flirt, but I care not a fig, For to them it can't matter a pin; They say I'll eventually die an olid maid. That I'm wicked and bowed down with sin. It really is hard for a damsel like me To be told that "I cannot love true;" That my beaux 'tis my pleasure to conult by the score, And my conduct some day I shall rue. I know very well that match-making mammas, With plenty of daughters " to let," Regard me with envy and hatred because So many admirers I get. I've wondered wherefore they're so jealous of me, And I think I have rightly guessed why, 'Mongst the handsomeat qirls intho district, d'ye see P There's none quite so pretty as II Id. L. Jazssassow Awen A. AsfsnasBe?.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 9.-The evening mists were slowly falling like a pall for dying day, Shrouding all a wearied nature in a mantle chill and grey; I was in the churchyard strolling, filled with many a solemn thought, Meditating on the lessons that the sleeping ones there taught. There were graves on which were lying flowers plucked by loving hands, Bringing with their dying fragrance thoughts of pleasant meadow-lands- Meadow-lands on which those sleeping blithely strolled in days gone by, Ere the sad-eyed angel called them to the meadow.lands on high. There were other graves I found there-sad, deserted, grass-grown, bare- Standing out like blighed blotches on a spot where all was fair, And I, on them sadly gazing, thought, " Oh, will this be my end ? Will my grave be naught but nettles, never tended by a friend P Shall I die and be forgotten, left to moulder here alone, Whilst the rank grass grows above me ?-none will miss me, none will own ? None will gather beauteous flowers which in life such pleasure gave, Not a loving heart will place them with a tear upon my grave ?" Oh, it made me feel so lonely as I stood there all alone, And I felt the gloom more deeply, and the mists more chill had grown; And I bent me, sad and weeping, o'er those graves so sad and bare, And my heart went up to Heaven in a silent, rrief-born prayer. J. C. CoLLIER. 10.-" Good-bye I good-bye I" the bitter tears From brimming eyes fall fast, When friends, who've braved the test of years, The trials of the past, Are swept apart by Life's swift flow, And naught is left but kind And loving thoughts of long ago, Within each soul enshrined. " Good-bye I good-bye I" though sorrow lives Within each loving heart; Yet e'en the wish much solace gives, Some comfort doth impart, Whene'er the fervent word is naught But Friendship's parting cry; For "God be with you!" is the thought Of every true " Good-bye." " Goodbye ! good-bye!" we oft have said, And often we have not, That's when, through pains in each fat head, Our payments we've forgot. " We stay at every grand hotel, My saintly chum and I, And when we leave, most sad to tell, We fail to say " Good-bye !" S. FtRANKLIN AND G. Ii. PERRY. NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, hbt the same in sound, expressed In the narrative.) 11.-I'm sitt~in in mc little room, The nearest to the sky, And, oh, I feel so happy when I'm up so very high. I'm here beside my little desk, By window open wide; The tall trees quiver peacefully Upon the other side. The happy birds upon the boughs Chirp out as if to praise The lovely works of Nature, and Her sunny summer days. The gentle breeze steals softly in, So balmy, fresh, and sweet, It smells of country meadows, and Of fields of growing wheat. It blows away some specks of dust From yonder bust of Mars; Minerva looks on peacefully, Nor seems to think of wars. Sol shines down cheerfully, And banishes all gloom; And everything is peaceful now Within my little room. There hangs my sword of boyhood's days, I've worn it oft with pride, And marched away to mimic wars With that sword by my side. A picture there of Irving hangs, There, too, is Ellen Terry, And Shakespeare, see, is in between- They all three oolk quite merry. Within that box I keep my books, A varied little lot- R. Crusoe, bhakespeare, Homer, Byron, Burns, and Walter Scott. And when I sit within my room, And smoke my trusty pipe, I'm happy as a little bird When cherry trees are ripe. J. W. Swnx.. (Air, " Lst Rose of Summer.") 12.-'Tis th' last " bob" of this " mummer's" Left shining alone; All its useful companions Are squandered and gone; Not onu of its kindred Is near it, I think, To reflect back its colour Or give " chink for chink I" I'll not leave thee, thou lone one, To pine by yourself ; Since the others I spent have, Go, follow them, pelf; With sorrow I spend thee, A lone life you've led, So follow your mates which So long since have fled. The workhouse I'll go to When friendships decay, And if dunning tradesmen Don't soon drop away l When hope lies quite withered, And all goods have flown To "uncle's," who'd inhabit This bleak world alone ? P. WYATT, Nottingham. NARRATIVE TRIPLE DELETION. IProa three letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed In the narral.lve.) , 13.--In the gloaming, O my darling, When thy father is asleep And the tom-cats, softly (?) squalling, Quickly to the house-roof creep, Then, my darling, will I woo thee, Though thy brother's hob.nailed boot Lift me nicely o'er the garden, While I loudly yell" YoU brute I" While the moon is softly beaming Will ~plight my troth to thee, T'hough'thylather's Irish wateh-dog Set his double theta in me. E. J. Soirowur', Horbury.
METAGRAM. Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) (With apologies to Domee.) 14.-Go and head the "Tourney " crew, Take the very highest place, Ask the Muse to favour you, Make you foremot in the race, Learn the art of sweetest singing, Many plaudits for you bringing; But mind, Resigned, When work's declined, don't feel unkind. If you're sweet on jilts and jades, When are fickle first you meet- Your moustaches by the maids Pass unnoticed in the street- You may bet your bottom dollar You have not sufficient collar; And they Do say, " We like those who have made their hay." P.S.-W hen the sun shone. Catch a weasel fast asleep, Teach a tom-cat, solemn, still, At the eve to quiet keep, And no heart with anguish fill; Then if to ? our rule not bowing, Calm his blissful meow, meow, meowing) Thus he Will be Victim of cat-astrophe. If you see a dainty girl Who from out a ocowd you'd choose, Golden hair eold teeth of pearl, But last boots are No. 2 a; Waste no time in idle fouling, But your flame with quickness cooling, To her say, "' Miss, good day, Bather footy is your way." V. D. TAYLOR AND IVANHIOE. BURIED CHRISTIAN NAMES. (One name in each verse.) (tnscribed to Mephistopholes.) 15.-Dear M., in 910 I see A letter which you have indited to me, A dainty letter in rhyme; In reason perhaps it's not quite so clear, And the reason I think so shall shortly appear, If you'll listen for a time. You've deemed me uneasy, in trouble and woe, Through thinking too much of one SMeplhisto, And who the deuce .she can be. You'll yet tantalize me a wee bit more (Presuming, of course, that you've done it before), O Miss of a mystery. Then you give me a list of ladies fair, And tell enigmatically that yours is there, But buried, you say, for fun. Then the " grave considering," and yet all " no go," Last your "exit in pain," 0 my dear 3llphi teo, A wondrous mixture you've spunl ! For say, where's the reason for so much surmise, When all is so clear to dullest (sI eyes, As 'tis to the dullest of ears ? For think of the D, yes, or talk of the D, Ne'er mind what its shape is, a lie or a she, And you know the D soon appeare,. And so, dearest MI., but a word or a thought, And quickly before me your real name is L rougbt, " Then give it, Christella. I pray." Ah, my answer to that's most decidedly clear, I might recognize a face that is dear, Then what the D-euce shnld I say P C. P. l., Worcester. NARRATIVE BETAGRAIM. (Change the second letter of a word to sori another word, ex- pressed in the narrativa.) 16.-'Mongst the first and best upholders Of the "T." in act and soug, 'Mongst the knights whose brawny shoulders Pusu the " Tourney's" way aloug, Two contend for fame and glory- Foremost, aye, come weal or woe, Two have oft been heard in story- Patrick S. and Ivanhoe. Where swords flash and weapons rattle Maufully they bear the brunt; As in every other battle Irelaud's always to the front. Ne'er will our renown be waning, Never will our fame grow lecs, While these two are still remaining, Ivanhoe and Patrick b. Gallant countrymen, I hail ye I Stretch to me a friendly hand! May no ills or loss assail ye, Children of a dioble 1 nld! Though your fame is great and splendid, May it ever greater crow I Be by happine-s attended, Patrick S. and Ivanhoe! Long in silence have I rested, Long been voiceless and u.tknown; Now my valour will be tested, And my courage plainly shown. In the strife wherever ride ye, All equipped in warlike dress Will Cothurnus be beside ye, Ivanhoe and Patrick S. ! CoTaonuN s. IREVERSION. (A word which re-e:l bt\kr:lt'rd formen q't bacccr uwrd.) 17.-Primnl's a word which menas a -thare; It you please turn it romanl, A very corumon kind of snare For final will be found. T. JONES. CONUNDRUM. 18.-Come, all ye knights and Iceios fair, And try this con. to trace; Why is any ancient building So like a watch's face ? T. WAhn, Dublin. .----9---