RIIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DUAGR-AMS.
theflrest two 'etrersof rd to iorm auonthr wor, s-r ttO pressed Is the nnrratlive.) . -Godfrey Gustavus Gore INo doubt you have heard of before, As youth in his day wto, I'm sorry to say, As as truly if bit of bore; Iis sister would beg and implore, His brothers would bellow and roar, And his mother would sigh, with a tear in her eye, And his father would make him feel sore. gor Godfrey Gustavus Gore, This tender young stripling of yore, h, sad to relate, oh, dreadful to state, Was in love with the maiden next door; He would sit and he'd sing, and he'd snore, He'd gasp, and le'.: gurgle, and pour Out the most dismal airs on the top of the stairs To that foolish young maiden next door. But Godfrey Gustavus Gore, Though of wind he had got a good store, lie blew and he bltew till he vanished from view In the depthse of the garments h wore; And his mother was left to deplore Thit the son she had learnt to adore Should sink in his clothes till the flute and his nose Were the only remains of the blower. But Godfrey Gustavus (lore One day on the top a tic floor, Deep downs in his suit was playing his flute, As he often had done there before, When his whistle grew fainter and lower, And he gave a short squeak and turned o'er; And on going to look, all they found in a nook Was a dry bit of tat on the floor 1 MORAL. Oh, all you descendants of Noah, Take waruiug by Gustavus Dore, And remember when playing the flute you are laying Your way to those regions called lower 1 Don't flirt with.the maiden next door-- It's wrong, and she'll thlnk you a bore; Don't go after one, or you'll miss all the fun, But flirt with a dozen or more! HI. A. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. I'd shine within our "Tournament," perchance its greatest star, ed I would quite eclipse its present suits, e'en its daughters, too, bat, sir, I' datghtor p'r'aps debar ron running down our " T.'s" most noted ones. yes; and I would do it, too, a ballade sweet would write, ith gems of rhyme that show a master.brain, ong that would excel all other poets' ballades quite, only I could get a good refrain ! ed far and wide would be the verse that I'm about to nto this world of critics great and small: wover, from their kind remarks I doubtless shall survive, y verse can ne'er be pushed against the wall. be quoted in the papers, and the monthly magazines ,ould ultimately try with might and m:tin further efforts to secure-and you know what that means, only I could get a good refrain! tried and tried, and doubly tried, and then I've tried again, nd yet I seem completely in a fog; under in the maze of verse, and it is very plain am wadowing about a rhyming bog. tit never come ? My hair is long; my face is haggard quite; y sconce is daily racked with horrid pain; nerveless fingers now refuse to grasp the quill of might (!)- really cannot find a good refrain. ENVOY. riddlers, hear my pleading, and I hope you'll sympa- thize sith me in this my trouble: I complain, write a ballade that would all our poets quite surprise, only I could get a good refrain. R. W. ANDREWS AND R. L. JEFFERSoN. 3.-In a certain Irish village Dwelt a simple-minded man, Whose name, if I remember right, Was Leony Mulligan. Although he was a little " cracked," He'd a good deal in his head; In fact, he was more knave than fool, And so the people said. Now, into his house a neighbour kind One day invited Lenniy, And on the table he put down A sixpence and a penny. " Now, Lenny, boy," the neighbour said, " Those coins of course you see; You can take whichever one you like As a little gift from me." Then at the coins our hero looked, And boldly did he " spake," "Bedad, I will not greedy be, For the wee one I will take." J. BIeELL, Belfast. DUAGRAM. haste the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 4.-The stars, dear love, are slyly blinking, Slyly blinking, slyly blinking; Of your sweet first they set me thinking, Set me thinking, set me thinking. Beloved last, Luna's shining bright, A stroll would give me much delight, My next-less pleading do not slight, Do not slight, do not slight. The moonbeams glance athwart the stream, Athwart the stream, athwart the stream, And countless silver wavelets gleam, Wavelets gleam, wavelets gleam; How cooling is each fitful breeze I Can you renounce such charms as these ? Consent, and me you'll greatly please, Greatly please, greatly please. The hour, beloved, is getting late, Getting late, getting late, Still your decision I await, I await, I await. Oh, say, now, do you bid me stay, Or mist I tear myself away, To wait--oh, torture --for a day, For a day, for a day P Ily supplication, yes, is heard, Yes, is heard, yes, is heard; A window's raised, as I inferred, I infe red, I inferred. But 'tis a servant, with a frown, UOpon me darkly looking down; She says, "The fam'ly's out of town, Out oftown, out of town." J. SToces, Southwark. CONUNDRUM. ..-Iu whieh hietton-holo is a bouruot To the best advanth'ge seen, Ipray P AlSTOPANESc, JHUc,.
NARRA.TIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed (C in the narrative.) 6.-" I am found upon the hill-top, I am seen beneath the sea, I linger on the pebbly beach- My home is Zuyder Zoe. " You may find me in the summer; In the spring-time you may see My glittering form upon the banks Of charming Zuyder Zee. " No man can ever hold me, I'm as slippery as can be; Though pll the world I love to view, My home is Zuyder Zee. " I own the world is beautiful, Its lovely charms I see, Yet naught can ever wean me from My bonny Zuyder Zee." 'Twas thus the sparkling wavelets sang As they dashed in maiden glee Upon the rocks and rugged cliffs Of our home in Znyder Zee. Around that spot our hearts entwine, Naught doth our feelings harrow; We pause, and simply sign the names Of SCHNEIDER AND BROAD ARRow. 7.-Miss Watson coyly asks what we, the "sterner" sex, would do Were there no girls with their sweet ways this world of ours to grace P This question's like the questioner--afair one, so to you, M~Iiss Nellie, I'll describe what would in that event take place. The masher then would surely find his ocdupation gone- Some cynics say that he himself is "gone " completely now!- The comic writer, toe, would scarce know what to joke upon- IHis wit too oft is levelled at weak woman, you'll allow. Wore there no girls, then woe would never know what heartache was, Nor what it meant to pass a weary, sleepless night in bed, Troubling our brains with many anxious hopes and fears, becaunse Some winsome little maiden had nigh turned our foolish head I Well, Nellie, p'r'aps we are a little hard upon your sex, And often say sarcastic things which, maybe, we don't mean. What we would do if there were no sweet girls to please (or vex )), When they have left us to ourselves will probably be seen I A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-Dejected, pale, and wan he stood, As souls unhappy never should, The victim of despairing I His aspect sad, undignified, For the sun's shining o'er Life's tide Ne'er hoping and ne'er caring. "Avaunt, sunshine I" cried he, " away, Begote, else I, sore tempted, may Become the prey of gladness! Of suns that in my life have shone, The dearest sun of all has gone; So, welcome I gloom and sadness. I'll court despondency, despair, Avoid of joy my rightful share, And be a man of badness. Let worldly sneers upon me rain- Though' wise ones' term me 'poor. insane,' There's method in my madness." And so he lived, and would have died, But something turned the clouds aside. E'en so; quite accidental, A simple deed touched heart and mind, That.made him wondrous glad and kind, And changed his tenor mental: A swarm of flies attacled his nose, Diverting thought from fancied woes, Their fury set him grinning. Quoth he, " I bless and thank thee, fly "- Ejecting one from out his eye. "Since ye be merry, so will I, Your fervour is so winning I The nasal organ spare attack, No more I'll hang on sadness' rack." The winged ones chorused, " Go it" I" And, being " up to snuff," he said, He'd bend his " beef "-his beak of rod- And loudly, shrilly blow it ? V. D. TAYLon, Warrington. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Itoman numo rals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 9.-" Hurrah! Bravo I BravissimoI" These were the words this youth did sing, And in my ears they often ring, Though they were sung five years ago. Though now his cons. we never see, Perchance he will come back again, And sing in his gay, gladsome strain, And, as of old, shine in " R. T." Cross TYords. 51 and fat Is very hard. 500 ,, owe A riddling hal . 5' ,, tub A sash or band. 51 ,, tay A foreign land. 1 , grubohen One who lives near. 51 ,, .sabrusy An English peer. 1 ,, grct A beast of prey. 12 ,, beth Means to display. 50 ,, rabet A Christian name. 500 ,, thurgas A well-known game. Loso SoWSHOEs, Bathgate. NARRATIVE, METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 10,-I was on "'Change" the other day, .1ust taking " Stock" you know ; .I met a friend-'twas Archer B., We're riddling now in Co. He asked me if I'd any points, - I told him that I had- I'd sat upon a hundred pins, And that I felt quite sad. Whereat he disappointed looked, Said "Times were out of joint;" He couldn't see the point, lhe said, He could not see the point. DREOSn AND ARCHmEs B. 11.-An inoffensive bachelor was he, As he slept beneath an ancient apple tree, Dreaming those happy, peaceful hours away, Sleeping on that calm September day. But, alas I his dreams most cruelly were broken By a wasp, who left a most unpleasanut token, For he settled on my uncfe's poor bald head. The rest--alas I it needs not to be said. E..N. HAuRnRs. ENIGMA. 13.-To a word of consent add one-half of a fright, Next join what you never behold.in the night; TheSe rightly conncoted you will quickly obtain. What thousands have seen, yet will ne'er see igain. SATnoros.
META.OPtEGRArIS. (Chnnme the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 13.-Since the gallant knights and ladies Weekly fighting in the " T." Have declared that Marion Taylor Shall first honoured sovereign be, I've resolved, on one condition, In supporting this decree. Listen, then, O Marion Taylor, Listen to my words, I pray. I'm a Saxon and a Mercian, Never will I take a " nay ;" Never words do deign to utter But some weighty thing I say. If you'll give me some high office, Some high office in your State, Then my lance is at your service- And, in truth, its value's great. Last, if at all you doubt my prowess, All my deeds I will relate. Grant me not my one condition, War shall devastate your land, Overturned shall be your kingdom, In your place another stand. You will find a second Warwick's In the Mercian's hand I MEOIArN. 14.-I looked up a tree, And what did I see P- Bat that I will leave you to guess, And I fully expect That you'll solve it correct; 'Tis a bird, I need toll you no less. Whene'er you would send A note toe friend, Or a puzzle to grace the " R. T.," Pens, paper, and ink Are seconds, I think, And with me you will surely agree. When the day's warm and bright, It is my delight Through the eweet.smelling meadows to stray, Or in a third nook With a soul-stirring book I pass many hours away. My last, I may say, We partake of each day, Without it we surely should die; With this my con. ends, And so, riddling friends, Once more I will wish you good-bye. C. F. BAnxEx, Wood Green. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which ii a word.) 15.-The clouds are forming thick and fast All o'er the heaven's blue expanse, The sun's bright rays are overcast, And to the traveller, who, by chance Should roam about the country-side, Does warning bring of storm and rain- Or lightning, as it may betide, And bids him quickly shelter gain. In thick round drops the first does fall, Slowly atfirst-the air is still- The token sure of coming squad, To hold all Nature at its will. A whirlwind rush I Trees next their heads, And scatter leaves and sprays about; And on the ground there quickly spreads The d6bris of the storm's fierce bout. The clouds clear off, and all is fair, The raindrops glisten in the sun; The em'rald trees, relieved of care, Now seem to say, " The storm is done 1" The daisies shyly nod their heads, The clouds to distance far now roll, And o'er the firmament there spreads, In colours glorious, my whole. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. 16.-Though first is not a master mind (Nor one of any other kind, Except I'm much mistaken), In it you'll find a well-defined Affinity to (b)Bacon. This being so, to nsext alone What other evidence has shown, It seems quite plain to me My whole was planned and written, not By Shakespeare, but by Francis B. G. LEE. 17.-Our Nellie often calls me first When I her temper try, And usually before we second She begins to cry. In this I see a warning That a storm doth my whole; And in a soothing manner Her anguish I console. B. WArT. 18.-A vehicle find for my first, in London often seen, And very few of us there are who in this have not been. My second we must often do, especially in spring, To garden-plot and flower.bed, or we'll not grow a thing. Now for my last an article of letters two you'll take. Place all three words together, and a town in Wales make. CARnoLINE A. HOLLOWAY. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the firse letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (The Cyclist's Love.) 19.-We met beside a rustic seat, A lovers' meet was ours, Expecting there in converse sweet To spend the fleeting hours. The bee from out his cherished flower No sweeter honey sips Than I in transport passionate Drew from her coral lips. We wandered down a.moonlight glade In fervency of love, And heard the song of nightingale In branches up above. Then, lost in lovers' blissfulness, Prolonged the last embrace So long that I, being tied to time, Wheeled home at double pace. H. Cox, Birkeuhead. 20.--How doth each riddler of the " T." Improve his evening hoirs I By writing of thie Zuyder Zee, And of the birds and flowers. How carefully he writes each con., Like any modern sphinx, Aid labours hard to store each one With thh sweet thoughts he thinks I I used to know a little song About a little bee, But I it have foigotten now, So I must stop, d'ye see P S. Woon. METAGIRADI. rChangle the first letter ol a word to form another word.) 21.-A fruit;please findl and changelts head, And a sort of door you'll have intaead. C. PorowLes, Souahampton.
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 22.-When I am despondent and wish I were dead, And think all the people I me-t with are wrong, When things that I shouldn't I fear I have said, I take up my treasure and indulge in a song, For in such dire moments there's one thing gives pleasure- My priaals, loved primals, my dulcet-toned treasure. I play till the light of my candle is waning, You cannot conceive how it brings me relief; My ignorant neighbburs are always complaining, And really I cannot shake off the belief That they will endeavour to cease all my pleasure By suppressing the notes of my dulcet-toned treasure. But still it survives, still I bravely defy them; Much solace it gives to my o'erbunrdened mind; They've numero us tactics, and if they should try them A way to defeat them I trust I can find. I nightly continue that glorious pleasure- A tune on my prinals, my dulcet-toned treasure. Cross Words. With the aid of my first we may cross without fear The torrent. Without it my primals sounds queer. If second I had not, I could not hold third, Which is part of my primals, as doubtless you've heard. 'Tis.fourth when I'm playing some bright, merry airs (And the lodgers are shouting "Shut up I" on the stairs). But once, my dear prraals, you gave me a flight, When the si1th went a " bang" in the dead of the night J. STOCKS AND Jo-.KIG. Foundation Word. 23.-Owlishly blinking, so mystic, so far, Twink ling so merrily, dear little star; Invite us to search out your mysteries many, Then laughingly tell us we cannot find any. But blinking and smiling you go on your way, And care not a fil for astronomers' sway. Cross Words. When by the muse inspired, he loves to sing About the many joys of gladsome spring. My second as an outdoor winter game Is growing very rapidly in fame. When you say " Yes !" as everybody knows, You simply third to that which I propose. A book of fiction now, please, look upon; You have perused, I doubt not, many a one. We now are very swiftly speeding on Towards the fifth of this, our humble con. But ere we finuish let us sixth you this, Dear lady friends; pray don't the answer miss. R. L. JEPEEtSON AND A. AMnBteLEY. Foeundation Words. 24.-A lady who oft in this pace Delights the heart of many a sago, Priinals will show to you, I ween; The answer quickly will be seen. CGross Words. A kind of ape is fi'st; A boy's name now indite; Next's a sort of colour; A country now please write; Fifth's a foreign fruit; My next's a part of you; My seventh's, if I speak tim truth, A name owned by some few; My next's a fruit we all love wrll; And now a word reverse of old; And follows now an animal Who frequents countries far from cold; My nexot a fine old English tree ; And my last's a word of letters three. E. N. HAnRIS AND A . .DYKES. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leavin¢ snother word.) 23.-When a skipper's up a tree, Or, to use another phrase, at sea, " Then," says first, " he learns from me How to guide His fragile vessel, safe and free, O'er ocean wide." Wild in woods no longer go Herds of stately buffalo; Year by year their numbers grow Less and less, "And," says a next, " my race o'oen so Diminishes." Last is like the golden sun Shining wheresoe'er it run, Making luminous the dun Dark hills of life. What victories have its votaries won In the world's strife I G. LEE. 23.-The nation's curse some say this is, You will in that agree; behead, And next a slippery surface Will appear to you instead; Behead again, if you will try, And then a fluid you'll espy. E. GEonaE, London. 27.-Just take the first letter away Of an accent both loving and true, And I think, when you've done it, you'll say You already have one-in fact, two. J. W. SEwELL. 28.-In a famous old walled city Sings a maiden bright and fair; If you behead this city, A maiden's name is there. BAss, Chester. TWO PARLIAMENTARY ANAGRAMS. 29.-The newspaper laid down, I sigh, " Lail., cads." Tell me what party thus name I- " Get on, lads." MADEIRA.