RIDDLE TOURNAMENrTI DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a Word, or World, Foundation Words.
1.-Full many a tale the German peasant tells Of witches, Brocken flowers, and fairy gold, And this weird crew, who haunt the primal dells._ The finals, who use spells and charms untold, And in dark caverns horrid orgies hold. Cross Words. An ensign. Do not in your efforts this In solving, nor my little jokelets miss. Second's exposed, although not to your view; Next was a sea.king, and when guessing, you Will be a-seeking also; now, to solve The fourth, you must a Latin verb evolve; But here I pause to give a clearer notion- Reverse, this fourth in Latin means "the ocean," A paradox my fifth, and I confess it Will not be solved, not even when you guess it These are but fifths; not " uncousidered" the ug, As runs the saying, which you doubtless know. ACROSTIC. D. Gow, (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordlI Foundation Word. 2.-Of all the beauteous flowers Which in the garden bloom, Some dressed in glowing colours, Some shedding sweet perfume, Give me the sweet, chaste primals, With blossom pure and white; No fairer, sweeter flower Doth ever greet the sight. Cross Words. I rowed upon the silv'ry first, With next, my pretty cousin; And while we were alone, I gave Her kisses by the dozen. Perhaps 'twas wrong, but, really, I Could never treat her coolly, For I adore the winsome maid, And, friends, she loves me truly; Within a last we'll wedded be, And live together happily. IlPRIMATUR. BETAGRAM. (OChange the second letter of a word to form another wordJ 3.-Every week-day has its mission, Toil or pleasure fills each hour; Sometimes one day brings enjoyment, Sometimes storm-clouds o'er us lower. Yet far blest above all others Of the six is Saturday, When delightful YoLng Folks Paper, Full of smiles, enshrines our way. How we hover o'er its pages- Tear through every welcome sheet! How " that puzzle's" grand appearance Poets first with glad conceit ! While, should e'er an answer greet us, Not a sentence can we say, Save "Hurrah I Our Young Folks Paper Spares some lines for me to-day." But when sober thoughts come flitting Back to every grateful mind, Oh, what next, enrapt attention Pictures, poems, stories find ! Yes, 'tis true, of all the week-days, Solemn, peaceful, sad, or gay, Blest is that when Young Folks Paper Visits me-sweet Saturday. F. J. HODGrS, Greenwich. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 4.-A formidable foe Was Percival de Poe To meet when battle's drea' .,l din was heard. He was reserv.,: of mien, And cruel w:1' the gleam Of his first, which enemy had never spared. And in a ibygone age, When fiihting was the rage, Many a deed of strength by him was wrought; And when the great crusade Petitioned for his aid, With Moslm and with Saracen he'd fought. But the end came at last- His battles all were past, Wounded and dying on the ground he lay; But ere his life had sped, He shook around his head His first, and shouted but one next-'twas " Victory) And at that warlike sound His vassals all around Mustered in squadron strong to charge once more. Ere setting of the sun By them the fight was won; But brave Sir Percival had reached a happier shore, P. S.. Bellfas 5.-I've often tried,, dear readers, A simple con. to write; I'm not half first I'm sure you'll say, Or do not try with might. Now; if this little one appears, And you my first behead, An instrument of music sweet You then will see instead. F. PHIrLLrPS, Mottingham, . NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word .are transposed, and form another word l the narrativeJ.) 6.-I cannot write a.con.,my friends, A con. I can't indite. I've tried, and tried, and ofttimes cried. Yet still it won't come-right. I've tried each subjeo~ on the earth, That I could think upon;. And in despair tore out mny hair, For I cannot write ac con. I've read the Young Folks riddling page A dozen times a day, And vainily then, with dexter pen, To copy did essay.' But, ah alas I soon found out 'Twas time and labour gone; Ky'w6rk again was all in vain, I could notwrite a. con. rve stood beside my:casement iri The witching hour of'night, : And often thought the mhyml sI sought Would coine'with the pale moonlight But my brain fi~om th"nring dizzy grew; SOh, dear, can I e'erget on.? Will I ever be able.to sit at my table And write a simpe cogn.? D, acaE DELETIOIT , (Drop aletter from the word chosehnleasig~anotherserJ S 7.-The sailor, on his wsatchatnight, Is often warned'by thesight ,; Of this-a red anid dazzling light. A letr ' l rost it now delete In" 'i ainaer clever;' qufcr, and neat. , ~· ,;: 'Whats leflt:i ?A certain kind oEmeat. M,:~; .·~ F. GusnAH.o~
iislne rthset letater of a worsito form another word . ) .at sfat goose was strutting to and fro her friends, all crouching in the snow, eno -tnded, and with hqad raised high, ft nooekopn and with scorns uleye. itbh sutiiY mien and grandeur undisguised, contempt she thus soliloquized: y should these mortals use our rightful name, foolsh persons they would wish to shame p Sse, I've heard them sa~y;if maidens fair ue ncoh trouble with their pretty hair; d if they love lace frippery, to frill ýr dainty necks, our names are stolen still. yet, luurio-ncreatures, they must sleep ds so downy that theyhsink in deep; ey pluck our feathers, sew them up in tick, Sy they think our heads go.very thick ttheir fools are 'geese.' Why should they flout us ? 1you, friends-what would they do without us ? hey rob us of each warm and snowy feather, Sthis of course, in cola and stormy weather; r i tis all, for if to+ne~t theywish, sybil land cook us, putmus in a dish, ' estus, soon forgetting all abhoutus. . Sstill I ask-what would they do without us P o tis we must submit, but 'tis a shame tthey should also rob us of our .ame such a purpose. I would last retain, ough for their good eventually I'm slain; tie their code of honour, I have read, or to use harsh words about their dead. pn this subject has my brain been racking "-- egoose stopped short, for " Stop .that foolish quack. lfg," edFarmer Brown, as he stroled up that way. llpick your bones, my friena, on.christmas Day, 1stff my bed with down." And then his child he told: o in, you goose ; you'll catch your death o' cold."' ere," cried the bird, as off the whole flock "padded," o injury has he deep insult added," A. E. HOOPEB. -BSpeeding along o'er the laughing sea, Is the good ship Queen of the Wqvre; Her sails are trim, and the wind blows free, And the skipper is filled with exuberant glee, As he thinks what a prosperous voyage 'twill be, To the climes so far away. Tossing about on the raging sea Is the good ship Queeni of the Wave; Her firsts have parted, her sails are torn, And the skipper thinks now of his wife forlorn, As she nexts on sid prays for him every morn, In that isle so far away. Sunken deep in the misty sea Is the good ship queen of the Wave; And far away in a distant clime Is a simple grave with the simple rhyme, " We all must cease watching when called by Time To therealms so far away." R. Dxx. OMEgRAM. elaatletter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-There is a boy first lives above- I think at No. 2; His work, I'm sure, he does not love, For that he'll never do. His poor old folks he leads a dance, He never lets them rest; 'Tis easy seen at the first glance He is a perfect pest. Of mates he's lately got a few, Which gives him great delight. I'll tell you what I saw him do Next door the other night. For there a poor old man does dwell, Shortsighted, too, is he; And last they tease him I can't tell, Unless it gives them glee. They made a dummy out of straw, And placed it by his door, Then rapped his windows with some glass, Then t hrew it on the floor. This made him jump up in a rage, To see what they had done, And quickly open wide the door, When soon he caught the one. But could you fancy his surprise On finding it to be Naught but a dummy stuffed with straw That he'd thrashed savagely P? PRECE.OMEIGRAM. v. L. RAw. sothelastletter but one of a word to form another word.) no right, as I in peaceful slumber lay, Unconscious of the' whole ,wide world around, Srosy clouds like to the dawn of day, A glctle being appeared, begimmed and orowned. ersilver wand, tipped with a'diminond' rare, + Gleamed o'er my rowq like a bright, lustrous star; or fleecy garments floated: oi the air, Whilst music sweet came pealing from afar. i'cirels wide she wavediher gleaming wand So quick, it sparkled like a diamond hoop; id like a flash appeared for miles beyond A battle-plain, where lay a hideous group f mangled forms of brave and stalwart men, Who from their first had isscie.bright and gay_; at on that road they iie''r iniaached back again. ust left their forms to be a vulture's prey.- in her sparkling 1wand swept through the air, rod quick the scene changed to a pleasant limen. re next and joy, andp eacce were sniling there; Add gasly tripped the green ward hand in hand. as Ilooked, sweetwvoices chanted o'er, SLt idden strains touched by an angel band, It joy, and peace, and love for ever more _eign o'er this, our bright and happy land."* E. BLrdI, Liverpool. CHAIRADE. ?ormed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ '1-o fwseen te'other day', ' Th send with much expedoton'; necrowd, in following Con .their way, - Soon jostled into fierce collision... There was a fight, a serions fight, And many of .my dirst were, there, And secosd too;i but in their flight And twas funfor some, to some a scare ! n then thes.ared ones went to law, The otuersfollowed by appeal; nd both the judge and jury saw
At 1 nn- - ius e1a co Ieat. t last my. walea counsel he, . Uprose, and said to end the bother, 'This.ourt can only-thus agree, That one4is quite as bad ad't'other ! =13 *whi read acw m nothere wod.) ho ome ithout m primal steds, ofvaried sd Thepl, ' es are theyi,. Sut ~es, mie. then; a e fat vire ýn _ýhapýftý¢il~bo; " ý?v ý.:.ti
-, C ENTRAL CHANGE. (OI0~ g the'oe'ntraliletter of a word to form another word.) 14.-rIve reached the highest point in imy-ambition, And really-am enraptured with delight; 14y. mindhas triumphed in a noble mission- , Has pieroed its way throughjdarkness intolight. - And you'll forgivee,;'m sure, themanly glory. - , Which courses wildly through my gladdened heart, When to your ears (intent.to catch the story) My mighty seeret I with glee impPrt. I think our riddlers first possess the notion fflbhat-ev'rf-kipd ps puzzle haa been m~de, When metaes a&d charades, inidred cohmuotion, Before their oibs~of vision are displayed; With transposition and decapitation Each word suchj'wful tortureundergoes That really'I feel'wonudrous h6sitati0ok In adding further torment to its woes. But, riddlers, after many months of labour, I've workid'a brilliant puzzle out for you; So sound the dulcet tanibourine and tabor To him who brings this splendid gift to view. Here, hang it all ! to state my next invention I've quite forgotten. Isn't it absurd? Well, then, ",To form another-now, attention-- Just alter every letter in a word 1" "Dear me l" you say. "Uow could the thing be guessedP" Don't know, dear riddler. You must do the rest. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 15. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportiops. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below:
LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 16.-Before a friend's you go into, My first, reversed, 'tis right to do; My next, reversed, will then reveal To you a coat that's made of steel; My last, transposed, is half a score My whole is oft at verbal war. T. NzxoN, Dudley Colliery. CONUNDRUM. 17.-Now, riddlers, can.you tell to me The answer to this pun P What is it in my father's hand That's like his only son P A. DY(Ks.