RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAM.
l..-e the first two letters of a word to form another word,) 1 When all the harvest work was done, Jolly old Farmer Tupper Invited every mother's son Who helped to harvest supper; The farmer's wife and servants three, With willing hands and able, put viands, good as they could be, Upon the kitchen table; And after supper old Farmer Tupper Called for a song from young Farmer Jan; And this gay young party, with voice loud and hearty, And a roah and a hemming, began: "Li-too-rool, loo-rool, liddy for loo-rool, Light for loo-rool, loo-rool, lay I" Then Farmer" Mlangul Wuzzel" Tops Was asked to sing a ditty : lie sang of autumn's harvest crops In mannuer very pretty; And after that some tales were told And a few jokes were uttered, And then a recitation old By a young man who stuttered; And then by another-this young man's brother- Was song a curious old melody, And in the clorus, with shouting uproarious, The farmers joined him with heavy glee : " Li-too-rool, loo-rool, liddy for loo-rool, Light for loo-rool, loo-rool, lay 1" Then Farmer Dell was asked to sing by Farmer Tupper's daughter; He said he could do "No sich thing," And sipped his gin and water; So Mister Tnrmots volunteered, And soon the place was ringing, And Tupper said he " Never heerd A better man for singing;" BuPt'fore'twas intended this ditty was ended- He forgot the last part of the lay ! He looked disconcerted, and spluttered and spurted, Gazed at the folks-" Never mind," said they, "Li-too-rool, loo-rool, liddy for loo-rool, Light for loo.rool, loo-rool, lay 1" Now all the first was freely passed The jug of Devonshire cider; And there was one whose eye was "cast," By next of Jimmy Snider, Who in the " settle's " cosy seat Seemed to be only thinking, Yet all the while, with quiet deceit, Had managed to be drinking I And he got up and danced about And sung, amid much laughter, And dog Shep howled, and barked, while shout 'Pon shout rang in each rafter. But soon came the parting, they 'gaun to be starting, But vent to the door and came back again For just one more ditty ; each thought it a pity To end this gay party ; and then, loud and hearty, As they went home they sang this refrain : "Li-too-rool, loo-rool, liddy for loo-rool, Light for loo-rool, loo-rool, lay I" EDITH K. RENDLE. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavint another wordt. -Noses de plume are the rage in our "Tourney," I fear, For of late we've had many additions Of knights who are certainly bent, it is clear, On terrible jaw-breaking missions. But never before, on the " great page of Fame," Have I first such a title so " floory " Ashe who delights in the death-dealing name Of" Chillingowallabadorie." 'Telemachus," "Clearehos," "Demanches," all fade, Eclipsed are " Quip," " Syntax," and " Mentor," y he terrible being whose name, I'm afraid, Would to ist nexr the tongue of a Stentor. net fancy yourself on the " pathway to Fame," Toiling straight up " Parnassus" to glory, With a load on your back in the shape of a name Like " Chillingowallabadorie" I lysterioes-well, I will leave out your name- Ipresent you this humble petition, "Oh, alter at once on Young Folks page of fame This unwelcome, latest addition ; o that never again shall our riddlers behold In these pages of poesy and story, name that once made all our blood turn quite cold, Oh! " Chillingowallabadorie." R. DYE. 3.-I loved a girl with all my heart, She said she would be true to me; But Fate decreed that we should part, Oh how could she so faithless be ? For walking out a while ago, I scarcely could believe my eyes, I saw her with another beau I It filled me with a dread surprise. Along the street I watched them first, Her arm, I noticed, too, he had ; With rage I thought that I should burst, 'Twas quite enough to make one mad, " Oh I false and fickle girl," I said ; Then in my passion meant to go And punch the odious fellow's head, But thought it best to not do so. Next day I sent a bitter note- I didn't know what else to do ; I shall not tell you what I wrote, For that myself I hardly knew. Two months elapsed, we never met; But what a second I had been I I leart with infinite regret That 'twas her brother I had seen I J. A. ManstIALL, Southwark. -A piercing first rang sharply through the air; A cry of anger and dismay intense. Idropped my book ; I started from my chair, And stood a moment trembling with suspense; ut soon resolving to discover whence The sound proceeded, and its cause to find, I snzed the fireside weapon of defence, And from the chamber strode with valiant mind, hike one who feared not death, or was to danger blind. I hrried down the passage, nerved for strife, tWith poker raised and every sinew braced; t here I was accosted by my wife, Sdpon whose face vexation might be traced. ad ldear!" she cried, " the cat has gnawed the paste, But havppedthe noext. She really made me shriek. n Awhy have you come running in such haste? Wnd what's that poker for ? Come, can't you speak P" Why, to-o kill the cat," I said, in accents meek. I. GLA(sOW, Hull. seto rd TRIPTICH. Itn wordls, nd fcrm a thir-d word of tho last syllable of the ilrve and h othe r slbl e of the econd.) S.In herring fisheries I'm used- - A boat am I. First Word. Oh, ye who have Spain's history perused, My name descry. Second TWord. "m often found and oft excused, Pray me espy. V. D. TAYLOR, Wa'ing&ton,
METAGRAMIS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word) 6.-0O Emma, how this heart of mine Was racked by bitter pain, And how I wept by bucketsful While I was in the train! You little think-you cannot know, Nor how I've first'd away; I've lost, I'm sure, a stone or two Since that sad parting day. Oh I write one next unto thy John, To tell him how you love, And raise his stricken, love-sick soul Unto the realms above. I long to meet you, Emma dear, To wander by your side Along the Liffy's fragrant banks, Or else at Malahide. I'll buy full many a toothsome cake, And ginger-ale I'll stand; Or I will buy the cockle sweet When we are on the strand. I promise, too, to take the tram, Despite the great expense; You'll see the way I spend my " tin"- Oh I I'll not spare the pence. I'll oranges and apples buy, And lots of lemonade, Although I shall not have a " rap " When everything is paid. All this I'll do to prove my love, And then I'll buy a ring; I think I'd like to marry-say- Before the end of spring I A. R. STRITCH AND S. CLEARCBOS. 7.-IIow now, my valiant " Tourney" foe! What means this indignation ? Why should the deeds of others so Drive you to desperation ? Why does our Cromar fret and fume At those who fight 'neath noms de plume ? 'Tis no new innovation. In olden times, when " Tourney" knights Fought with the sword, not pen, Those who took part in " Tourney " fights Were noble gentlemen. And now, in modern " Tourney" days, The custom's still the same, With those who yet their lances raise To win an honoured fame. And we'll our ancient first uphold, And still we'll nest like knights of old, 'N eath a fictitious name. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 8.-The shades of night were falling fast As through a Bootle street there passed A cat's-meat man with cart and bell, Who huskily began first yell, "Cat's-me-eat! Cat's-meat l" Next lusty rang the cheerful sound, That myriad cats came prowling 'round- Starved, grinning phantoms I-fearful sight !- While still he yelled wish ten-fold might, "Cat's-me-eat I Cat's-meat l" At morn the sparrow chirped with glee. But, the cats' friend, oh, where was he ? Last trace of him, save bones, they found, But, softly sweet there fell a sound- MIe-eow I Me-eow I A. J. DIcKsoN, Bootle. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed In the narrative.) 9.-Once more I'm here again, both blithe and jolly, Am I not ? Though sometimes I'm a slave to melancholy, Am 1 not ? But I think you'll all agree, When this riddle here you see, That I'm working for the " T.," Am I not ? I am a rather lazy chap, you'll say, Am I not ? And rather slow at riddling, by the way, Am I not ? Though I write cons. in galore, And send sometimes a score, Well, I think I am a bore 1 Am I not ? I am a long while bringing to a close, Am I not ? This short and simple tale of all my woes, Am I not? That to tll to you I've strove, Which will very clearly prove That I'm, well, a simple cove, Am I not ? J. G. NICHOLLS, Milton. 10.-A name of fame I'd fain obtain, I strive hard to secure it; Although 'tis plain that all in vain Are efforts to procure it. But yet I fret, and get in debt For paper to write cons. on; And I regret I've made a bet To gain the height that John's on. I fear my drear yet queer career Must very soon be ended ; I see so clear 'tis not my sphere To win, though I intended. "But ne'er despair I Up, there! prepare!" Says Hope, " and banish sorrow l" So I'll declare, and dare to swear I'll beat you all-to-morrow. Jo-KING, Lambeth. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-There was commotion up above- Young Mr. Sun had fall'n in love With sweet Miss Moon. A comet was their letter.post, And carried billets quite a host, And they were plighted soon. The wedding-day drew on apace, There was to be a comet race, And plenty minor sport. A first with furniture was stocked- But there, alas! the scheme got blocked And all their plans fell short. The Moon was most extravagant, And wanted presents elegant; The Sun in business tailed He sold his business out one night, And no more manufactured light, But mournfully retailed. The Moon was then extremely vexed; And. mounted on her comet next, She went t, find the Sun. The Sun observed her when afar, And vaulting in his fiery car, - Began to " cut and run." The Moon hied swiftly after him Right to the welkmn's utmost rim, And paused nor night nor day; She brought her bow of pearl in use, And many an arrow did let loose; Alas I each went astray. On, on they hied. nor paused for rest- Sun in the east, Moon in the west; 'Twas thus they raced around This puny world. And here I say, " Long may they race, nor stop till they Have consolation found," W. Kouep.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 12.-Of all the tricky things on earth, And there are surely many, There's nothing which causes the mirth Of primnals-no, not any. It plays its tricks on young and old in every clime and nation, And I've been very often told It loves exaggeration. Cross Words. A country in Asia where Britons of old Have plundered and conquered for treasures of gold. A general, famous long ages ago, Who rescued his brethren from bondage and woo. A queen of Great Britain in third you'll perceive, If you are inclinid my word to believe. The means of enjoying sweet comfort and ease Is here brought before you, accept if you please. I'll feel very next if this riddle's declined, And won't, I assure you, be very resigned. An ornament this to the homeliest face You'll ever discover-'tis surely the case. A lesson from seven'h you all may derive, Whenever you're anxious to know how to thrive. There's nothing so precious as eighth, that I know, And yet we don't use it as if it were so. A clever invention is this, you'll admit, Whenever you've ended the study of it. A musical instrument played in the street, Observe in my tenth you are certain to meet. My number eleven is part of us all, In some very lengthy, in some very small. PucK, Ballymena. Fotundtion Words. 13.-'Tis of great extension, Wonderful dimension, Luscious fruits and flowers of beauty rare. As for occupation, Every population, Though in divers forms, have got their share. Merriment amd madness, Sorrow, care, and sadness. Come to all, the weakly and the strong ; Folks of each variety, High and low society, Help to swell a multitudinous throng I Cross Wlords. It onward flies, Pursuit defies. In all the world the sweetest place, Its joys we never can efface. Without third to take up this page Wore folly in the greatest sage. Green waving trees, Refreshing breeze. Where brave ships sail Through many a gale. Alas I for the ladies, habited gay, Who minus umbrellas went walking to-day I She is the dearest little girl That ever wore her hair in curl l My last I close, And seek repose. MARION AND EDIE. Foundation Word. 14.-Where hoary Thames describes his sinuous way 'Twixt flower-starred meadow-green and lines of grey, This type of English architectural pride Stands gleaming o'er the smooth reflecting tide. The castled sward has borne upon its breast More precious flowers than Flora e'er posses sed, And ofttimes roamed this pleasant wooded slope A nation's blessing and a nation's hope. Cross Words. A famous writer of the "T." The owner of this name will be. A most important pronoun this; And it is the centre of bliss. I strove to hit it on the head, But lo I I crushed my hand instead. A merry urchin came to stoy, And shortly drove fosurth care away. It rang aloud a sweet, sad strain, And sided my heart with pleasing pain. When I am sixth, oh, may [ be allowed To dwell in peace " far from the madd'ing crowd." It laughs as it merrily hurries along, And ripples and gurgles a tunable song. AsrY AND ED.E, Foundation Words. 15.-If my name you would like to know, Read the primals written below. Cross Words. A lady riddler's Christian name; Many times have you seen the same. My second is a well-known sea; You'll find it near the Zuyder Zee. Third will be an appellation; Fourth will give you a great nation. In fifth a number you will see; Part of the body last will be. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. Foundation Word. 16.-His melodies are just as sweet To me as summer flowers; I find in them so rare a treat For evening's leisure hours. Cross Words. This always follows night, And comes when it grows light. A part of Y. F. P.; 'Tis always read by me. This is a kind of fruit; All tastes I think 'twill suit. All who peruse this con. Do this; yes, every one. Most people have a pair Of these; odd ones are rare. ONE oR THE FouTY. Foeumdation Word. 17.-These primals if you read aright, A statesman's name will come in sight. Cross Words. My first, a bird, is easily found; My second's a city of renown; My third, a beverage, comes to view; My fourth is a river seen by few; My fifth is a girl's or lady's name; My sixth is a province of much fame My seventh is the name of a poet, And right well, I am sure, you know it. W. CAnNIso, Belfast. REVERSION, iA word which read backward forms anothugr word.) 18.--My first is the movement of waters; Please reverse, and yeou will see An animalsavage, though cowardly, That in woods lives wild and free. ADA BADT~nY.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 19.-The Editor has caused me grief- That is no now thing, but again He's filled my heart with bitter pain. He speaks against the withered leaf; Throw some cold water on my chest- He says that leaf must have a rest. No more upon these pages shall be seen The forest new rigged out " in virgin green." My friends, by this we shall be all undone. How shall we now behold the setting sun, If not through leafless branches P As for me, Was it for this I let my hair grow long ? Was it for this I had the gift of song On me bestowed ? for this, with heavy glee, I waded through dead leaves up to the knee. Was it for this I first my pockets lined With withered leaves, the sport of every wind ? I now have lost the fruits of all my toil; In vain have I consumed the midnight oil; My epic now, alas, shall ne'er appear; And I had made the subject very clear. The reasoning would make each reader sure That withered leaves are the finest manure. Yet, spite of all the Editor can say, i'm last of leaves oven to the present day; I love to sit beside a rippling brook And see the leaves-of a good story-book. PATRICK S., Belfast. 20.-There is a second about this first, Which none but I could tell; If poverty caught me at its worst, 1 never could it sell. S. MIr, s, Birmingham. PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 21.-The shades of night are falling, And dark grows the frosty air, And the moaning firsts are calling Through the woodlands drear and bare, Though the woodlands cold and bare, And over the snow-clad hill Passed the long, white arms of the mill; And the wintry winds go callipg In search of my lost love still I And I hear with a sense enthralling, As I sit in the fading light, The voice of the last wind calling Through the woodlands drear to-night. And the past with its buried sorrows Comes over me like a chill, Till my heart leaps up with a thrill And then flies forth on the wings of the wind In search of my lost love still I H. A. TAyILOR, Birkenhead. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-There's music coming from the garden gate, What can it be ? And I wonder who is singing so late, Who can it be? their voices ring out shrill and clear, Reverberating on the air, Then borne away with the night breeze, It dies among the trembling trees; But the musicians I can't see. There's music again last the garden gate, What can it be ? And I wonder what will be their fate : First will it be ? Will it be a severe cold in the head ? Oh, no I for it will be instead A charge of duck-shot from my gun; And cats alive, there was not one The next morning for me to see. W. A. LAIGSTON. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 23.-H urrah I for the summer is coming again, A nd all the sweet pleasures which come in its train; T he trees are all budding, the leaves 'gin to peep, A nd will soon be awake irom their wintry sleep. Y es, myjirst bounds for joy to last the birds sing; L arks soar in the sky upon untiring wing ; 0 r the lay of the thrash and the blackbird's song R emind us th it summer will be here ere long. SIR JOHN CHEULET. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to foerm another word, ex. pressed in the narrative., 24.-Some time, not very long ago, My life was full of mirth; I styled myself (.n jest, you know) The happiest man ,n earth. But now my mind is filled with fear, My heart is woru with grief ; Life, once so bright, is sad and drear, And nothing brings relief. And yet I am not short of cash, No medicine I need; I've ventured nothing wild or rash, Nor done a "darkling deed." No maiden yet, or dark or fair, With me has "played the flirt;" Far worse the cause of all my care- A button's off my shirt I C. A. COOPER. CONUNDRUM. 25.-Old Nancy's sons the keepers dread, They with gun and rod are handy; There's "Long Jock " and "Little Fred," And the lad called "Light-heeled Sandy." Nancy once had pheasant's eggs (In her saucepan I was looking) ; Riddlers, tell me why those eggs Needed not old Nancy's cooking ? MADEIRA.