RI1))LE TOURNAMENT. A RRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. m .n mta ,. ovasae sm
- D . a word{ , laving another word. expressed s th etter in the narraLtive.l S1rcinn, my friend, you've been catching it hot o- rs the cleverest girls in the "T.;" FroW onde you groan under full many a shot, cc oau'll pardon my saying, was pleasing to me, whictreason you talked when you entered the band rran that such power was in Mercian's hand. fst I perused what you had in your con., Iwo.tered indeed if you meant what you said; 4ondeh cnyountneuace anger's glow shone, tink oiei d that by me would the onslaught be led, Aoind the " Tournament's" riddling band ~hoere some who would brave mighty Mlercian's hand. gellie's forestalled me, and better than I gae shown the true feeling pervading the ranks; la*OU in your gre atuess she dared to defy, heserves all ihe riddlers' heartiest thanks ; Segiv her mine, and with her take my stand, show that true loyalty reigns in the band. q has been threatened with losiung her place bs august warrior clad in his mail. this ks, I suppose, such a station he'd grace, o'er all the other knights calmly prevail ; dog aker, of course, has the power in his hand, hure, he might make himself king of this band. tnow I will whisper a word in his ear- tho spoken in season s a good thing, they say: oakebed, moighty Mlercian, while you are here, nelear hbow to take in good-nature a ' Nay;' til will our queen hold the highest command, 0ug lthere may be power in the Mercian's hand. arkbard, Clear ambitious, and pocket your hopes, rthe're b'li.lited, you know, like a bud in the frost; dkno ti;t the one who in ' Tournament' copes -itaber:.diing knights has no high honour lost; u~nto ii the future earn power in the band, dlhia tho ' Tourney ' queen's good graces stand." IVANInos, Belfast. A ty sea the " Tourney" is, a mighty sea and foaetil,, cre mcuy barks and varied glide, its expanse over roamilt:, bee storm and shine, and calm and gloom, inspire th- wondrous clever, A men may come, and men may go, but we sail on for ever. totta few of gallant barks "in port" have long been Iying, aioncs were weatherwise and staunch, in "Tourney" wters plying id ismasted, they, alas! in harbours safe are rocking, is hope they'll soon be " fit for sea" and service, from the docking. ed. Coulson's " Brown, of Camden Town," should pose as a" salooner," d Archer B. the pilot be of Gow's majestic schooner. ointes and Demranches, and Webb, of jovial manner, onut all be" jolly hearts of oak," 'mong other (s) tars to man her. SH. A. T. and J. A. 1iM. (to jam, not hats, we're partial, spectively, H. Taylor, asnd the clever John A. Mar- shall ould join hands with good Patrick S., and Blair, exquisite dreamer, hold the destinies and steer our Adcock's looming steamer. Jefferson as bos'in bold, with Dye, his mate, yeo-ee, utd cuide the yacht of one, a "king," who takes the name of " Joey;" ould always, in a "rakish craft," endeavour e'er to serve well r Diable (the devil's own) with Andrews, Dykes, and thovel. d Prowles should prowl the seas at night, Al Kamel ride icamel, Est our good Customs man should be a Wood, the genial Sani'l. rivarhoe, and Philo, and H. Cox, we would propose I they take a course of yachting with a pillow for repose ; Stri ch and both the Franklins, and our bright ll'Donnell, too, oiln fall the many duties of a " bould Hibernian crew;" e lady scribes should scan the seas, whilst all the bboys are steering, or running foul of rocky coasts, nor from the ould hs veersing. lwhen old Time has changed us all to full-grown men and wolten Illsink the ship with deep regret, and gain the shore by' "eimmiu'." DAVIE TAYLOR AND COLLIE DRExO. (To H. T.) 3.-There lives a friend a mile apart Prom him who writes with doleful heart; 0 iginal and true is he, As I would wish a friend to be. His heart of love breathes out a love Unselish, pure as souls above plight breathe unclsyed to one another. I love him dearer than a brother. He rhymes alone in weary hours On love, near thickets and iun bowers, In silds o'er which the zephyrs blow The flowers' fraeranco sweet and low. His spirit soars through realms unknown, Created by his inuse alone; would I and be knew one another, I'd love him dearer than a brother. Be toils alone through dreary slays, lntutored he in mammon's ways, Inoffice where the burly boss poats ap the daily gain or loss. Hi spirit is that di'eamful one 50st fct to melt the heart of stone. i mortal mould I know no other Icold love dearer as a brother. LucoEvs, Claughton. S DECAPITATION. 5 tro the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ '-'yfi'st, it seems, has jilted me, Else why am I so sad ? I try to write, but find it quite nlu vain, without a word That will decapitate, you see. lIy rusty lance I seldom next, Int scabbard hangs my sword; And while I sigh, the prose I try; But stay I I've found a word- Ah, no! my last is but pretext. In sound it means the briny deep, The letteors are but two; lUt now 'tis time to close this rhyme; Itherefore bid you all adieun, While I, deserted, can but weep. R. WATT, Glasgow. . LOGOGRIPH. -~.ltaIt ii taBRted eas a Letagram decapitsatlon, dele. 'on.) ion, but leaves a perfect word after oach "" en- cannot well be darker; litC i , and this poor people know T t. nd you will have friend Barker, (They whih, in doys now long agn _ Ps dag, "gof" John Cose hassy"), S Pees eounted, oade gastl show. IMADEInRA
NARBATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 6.-Here we are again I in Riddledom happy, Coming to grace (P) with our efforts the "T.," Bound to make conquests together, old "chappie," Here in the "Tourney" the cushla ma chree ! Ha.re heve we met, and I hope we'll not sever, Joining the quests of its maidens and bards, Cheering the witty, the charming and clever, Paying our kindest, sincerest regards. Maidens and knights, with a welcome receive us In this the ddbut of our partnership dear, For we shall endeavour to please you. believe us, In chasing dull care with delightful good cheer. And duly we will uphold queen and " Tourney," For they deserve by all folks to he praised; Long has it gone on the riddling journey, Long has her star as the brightest one blazed. Now, V. D. T., I've performed my commission, You make your bow in this entry of ours; To what I've said you can say in addition All that possession of talent empowers. Friend Ivanhoe, brave and redoubtable knight, Hero of many fights-fields of the " T.," In this, our partnership, on this our maiden trip, 'Fore the great " Tourney " throne humbly bow we. Here do I promise sincerely and frankly With you, comrade mine, to do ever my best To tickle and brighten, to ease and to lighten, And Musa herself must fulfil all the rest. Firmly we'll uphold the great " Tourney " nation, Protecting the weak, combating the strong, Striving in moments and moods of elation Ever to cherish the beauties of s inr. IVANHOE AND V. D. TAYLOR. 7.-Friend Archer B., you've ou'drl the ball, You ask that which you think will grieve us, But let us say, and once for all, That in a fix you ne'er can leave us. What mean you by this con. of yours, For which an answer you are dying P Much as the lark which higher soars, To gain renown you e'er are trying. Were we to unmask to each who tries, We think he'd scarcely wiser be, 'riend; Perchance he would not recognize The knights who write from Zuyder Zee, friend. And to oblige we must decline, Our friend inquisitive and curious; We warn him that he must not pine To find us out, or we'll be furious. SCHNEIDER AND BROAD Aiteow, Zuyder Zee. NARRI ATIVE META-DOUBLE-OMEGRAM. (Change the siret and two last lettenrs of a ward to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-I've madly fallen into love With one whose name's Maria; Bold Cupid has his mneshes wove, And now my brain's on fire. My peace of mind's completely flown, I've found that love's a tartar; For lack of appetite has shown, And sleep, that I'm a martyr. She is not fair, nor does she seem Of loving disposition; Of wit possessing not a gleam, And not one sole ambition. Her hair's not of a golden hae (The vulgar term it " ginger "), And of her face 'twould seem to yout Not many hearts t'will injure. Her brow's not of the classic type; Of form she's none to mention; Her lips are not like " cherries ripe," Scarce one to claim attention. And yet I prize her very dear, Although it may sound funny; Maybe, howe'er, you'd like to hear :he's worth a deal of money ! J. STOrCs, London. META-OMEGRAHI. (Chano te the firt and last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-Among the handsome, supple Greeks, When this old world was young, First proudly strode along the streets, Thtetgh many taunts were flung By silly men at him whose name a-lth giv'u the city half its fame. With satyr look and rugged face, His mind was richest ore, And, from his tongue, such wisdom dropped As none had known before. The rich and poor aline he taught, Whoever wisdom purely sought. Next yet they slew the gentlest man, The purest, noblest sage, That Plato dimly sought to paint Upon a spotless page. Ah ! Socrates, thou wast too wise To linger here, before men's eyes ; The puny witlings ill could know The noble spirit they laid low. ALCIeIADES R. ST. RITCH. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-I've often gazed upon the "T." And longed a "Tourney " knight to be: And I have tried full many a time To pen a few ideas in rhyme. In flights of fancy I've essayed To sing the charms of some list maid, Or tell of heroes brave and holl Who rose to fame in days of old. And sometimes I have tried to frame A neat acrostic on a name; And though my brains I've long perplexed, I always certain was to next. But now I'll drop each lofty plan, And do the utmost that I can; So I must last contented be With these few lines which here you see. MANDARIN. 11.-My friend, are you good at conundrums ? If so, I will ask you one; I will put it to you very simply, And in the form of a con. I want you to get a paintbox Published by Reeves or by Freud, And then see if you can discover Which colour could be called loud. Dear Dykes, you a question have asked me; Well, the colour I think I have found, It m:ade me look blue as I reid it (You meant to purplox, I'll be bound), But I'm first quite so green as you think me, And although I looked bl~ack, I did bellow The answer in almost stentorian tones. Last I'll whisper to you, "It is (lellvr) yellow." A. DYKES AoD EHa. CONUNDRUK. 12.,-Gentle bard, with stirring lay, "Tourney" knight, and Musa's daughter, Whly should a chimnnay.cleaner Look with dread on soap and water; Nay, gze v*ith horror and aifright As if 'twere deadly dynamite ? R, MontAu,
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Tripticlh. 13.-The first faint glory of approaching day Gleams brightly o'er the distant mountain's brow; The night-clouds fall berore its piercing ray, The misty are rising from thu valen below, Disclo-ijg to the view the fertile plain, Where wood and h. dgerow, clad in foliage bright, And smiling cot, and fields of golden grain, Awake to revel in the welcome light. First Word. Land of my fathers! oh. when shall I gaze Again on thy cliffs, rising steep from the foam In glistening radiance, 'neath the bright rays That dance o'er the wave-tops, to welcome me home ? Hope bids me think that ore long I may see Thy verdure.clad valleys 'neath summer's warm glow, And stand once again beneath that roof-tree, The home of my youth, now so long, long ago. Second Word. Remorse deep and bitter has torn my poor heart, For when young in years I was well known to sin, Till at last from my parents and friends I'd to part, And never since then have I known kith or kin. But Heaven be praised, for once more I'm revived, Success it has crowned my repentance severe; To earn their forgiveness at last I've contrived, And soon will I start for my old homo so dear. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. NARRATIVE METAGRA&MS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form anotlher word. in the narrantve.) (Ballads of Makers and Takers of Jolces.) 14.-There are moments and times in our tides, The "good times arrived" one would say, When humour with gaiety rides And smoothes the rough track of our way. 'Tis when jokers and jesters play Their pranks with sad mortals-to wake 'em- The aggriev'd ones may " take " as they may, Few mortals can both make and take 'em l "Humour," a divine so decides, "Is the flavrour of soul." Ay, ay, Let no prudish natures or prides The truth of his ruling gainsay. Yet some wags, with jokes an array, When twitted by others mistake 'em ; Their skin is too thin for mains asv, Few mortals can both take and make 'em ! But a king of themn's Jo, and our sides Are treated most rude by each lay; For aught that would wound one he hides, Tl'lhe genuine only convey. May his sun (of fun) lose not its ray, As harmless and well-meant all take 'em; And Joey will swallow his hay, For Jo-King can both take and make 'em. Some innocence injured betray ! When with their own water we slake 'em; There are others-but few, I daresay- Good wagse, who can both mike and take 'em. V. D. TAYLOR. 15.-I was walking to-day where the wild tempests blew, Aun. 'mongst winds fierce and piercing I thought, love, of you, And I wondered if under the gale you'll be true- The gale of great trouble: I thought, love, of you. Now that ruin surrounlds me, and darkness intense Prevails round my future-that future so dense- Will you answer and tell me that you will be true ? And I'll say if assent 'tis: I thought it of you. I could never sustain such a blow as 'twould give Me to hear you were false-then unhappy I'd live; Hear my pleading, and light up the future, now dark, And thy face will lend safety auto my frail bark. Is it wan tin' an answer, me darlint, yeo be, To the question ye've asked me at laste wanst a week Since the day ye commenced "casting sheep's eyes" at me, Whose love ye'd declared ye were willin' to seek? And what is the ruin ye spake of, at all ? Ye're surely not reain' the words that ye said When ye told me whate'er might in future befall, Cheered on by my love, ye would never know dread? But if it would plase ye to know that I still Quite faithful and true to me lover remain, Then I vow while my heart in this bosom shall thrill, I'll evermore be your beloved 13iddy Jane. R. W. ANDREWS AND A. AMBERLEY. METAGRAM. (Change the Ilrst letter of a onerd to form another word.) 16.-" Mary, Mary, quite contrary," Runs the ancient rhymo, And my Mary's as contrary At the present time As that l1ary. so contrary, In the ancient rhyme. Mary I how does your garden-tell me- " How does your garden grow ?" I have asked a similar question (In a different way, you know), But I first to my grief no roses * For me in that garden blow. "Mary, Mary, so contrary," But one lone flower have I, A yellow tulip, which from that garden, When the last of passion was high. I gathered weeping, and that want flower I'll cherish till I die. PATRICK S., Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of %a y Ord to form another word, ex. pressed in the narratlve.) 17.-There's a pretty girl I know, She's the sweetest of the sweet, For shie says I am her beau, And at eventide we meet By a rustic little stile, fDown a winding country lane, Where we talk of love, the while Birdies sing in sweet refrain. There we plight our vows of love 'Neath the overhanging trees, Witnessed by the stars above, Listened unto by the breeze. When the summer comes again, With its sweet and smiling flow'rs, She'll be married to this swain- No love can equal ours. When my dasly work is o'er I will sit down by her side; What can want a mortal more When this bliss he once has tried P RI. L, JE5ERESON AND APOSTROPsE. DUAGRAM, (Chnante tho first two lotters of a word to fortn antother word.) 18.-G oorge, head man of a gang, I'm told, lound stage doors fain would trip, And as each pro. came up, quite bold He'd ask him fur a "tip," That he and his sweet gang might cheer That pro. wheu on the stage; But if no "tip," his work tohey'd "queer," And send him in a rage. But George has gone for one month's "hard," Let's hope 'twill stop his tricks, Though I amn sad fbr such a od" They did not make it; si. J, W. SEWELL,
CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllahle of which is a word.) 19.-The executioner had done his duty, And Charles the First lay whole nuion the ground; Upon his form, so full of wanly beauty, A silent crowd in horror stood around. But yesterday, they thought not of the morrow, To-day, the bitter tidings swiftly sped, And weeping eyes, and hearts bowed down in sorrow, Told the sad news, " Our country's king is dead !" First Word. 'Tis covered o'er with golden curls, and nestles in my arms In confidence which sweetly tells that nothing her alarms As long as I am by her side; then, as I steal a kiss, I think there's nothing half so dear in life as love's true bliss. Second Word. The mother stood and gazed upon her child, Pain, grief, and anguish almost drove her wild; Sadly she murmured, as her tears fell fast, "I almost wish I could have loved thee Last!" NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. I ,ving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 20.-I tried to compose a con., Slowly, as I walked along, Pocket-book in hand, and forehead all in wrinkles; An idea was in my mind- 'Twas put out, for from behind Came a hawker's cry of " Fine large periwinkles!" " What a nuisance I" I exclaimel, And that fisherman I blamed, Then at my pocket-book I gave a glimpse ; " What does rhyme to that, ?" I thought, As mny eyes a passage caught, And that voice bawled out," Beautiful large shrimps !" Then I gave it up, and strode Baokward down the busy road; A 'bus was passing, that I tried to catch; " Full inside," the-driver said, For another 'bus I fled- A boy stopped me, and exclaimed, " Got a match P" But at last I did get home, Anud 'twas there, in peace, alone, I penned this poem for your eyes to meet; And so, riddlers, me don't blame When I say that ne'er again I'll try to write a riddle in the street. W. H. BLACK, Peckham, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavine another word.) 21.-A tree which grows in countries hot; Curtail, and you a chum havy got; Curtail again, and then you'll see A name of the head of the family. T. JONES. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, hbut th,: same in sounl, expressed in the niarLrative ) 22.-I know a girl, a pretty girl, a very pretty girl, Just seventeen, with delicate complexionu; To see her dark.brown eyes,'twould put your hair all out of curl, I really thought this maiden was perfection. The other night she cameu around to give a friendly call, And her winning ways quite won my admiration; The soft, melodious, dulcet tones she from her lips let fall- "Ods bodikins " "Gramercy !" "Jubilation !" At length my sister (funny thing that poets always own A sister who upsets their spirit-musine ; My sister's no exception to the rule, and that alone Would justify the horrid rhymes I'm using)- My sister, I was saying, in the middle of our fun Was pleased to make a certain observation- These asterisks will show the way the battle was begun While dashes only show the termination. I need not mention any more (of course I got my share!); The conduct of that maiden wasn't proper; I stopped the fight, 'tis true, I likewise stopped a flying chair: My heart is broken, so's my head-I'll kill myself, I swear, And my corpse will be discovered in the copper. ROBERT LE DIABLE, Kennington. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and hearo a diferent meaning in the narrative.) 23.-There was a young masher named Dague, But he was so vain and so vague, He went for a walk, But back he did stalk, For illness claimed him with the ague. There was a young damsel named Cholmondoly, She was fair, she was sweet, she was colmondely; But when she was wed The neighbours they said That this dainty maid out up rolmondely. There was a young fellow named Craught, With danrger he often was fraught; But he fell in a tub, Did this hapless young cub. And was laid up quite ill with the draught. There was an old woman named crow, Who sometimes would cut up quite rough; But the climax it came, And also her fame, When she tumbled right into a trough. S. De BEAn. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a wvod to form another word.) 24.-Windy, blowing hard and fast, Autumn leaves all flying round, Swirl and swish all o'er the ground, Ere the gale is gone and past; Moaning, sighing through the trees, Breeziest of any breeze. See, the second on the leaves, Golden tinted, dark and light, Seems to show a mournful sight, Trees all bare, their loss bereaves, Second aye predominating In the colours I've been rating. R. L. JEFFERSON, London,