RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. P &LINDROME.
1.--The Baron Von Ulm, on a fine, sunny morn, With vassals, and dogs, and much sounding of horn, Went to hunt in his forest the fierce and wild boar- But the Baron Von Ulm will go hunting no more I The boar knocked him down, made a hole in his side With its large, gleaming tusks. He was killed-so he died I MORAL, Now, barons and nobles in every degree, Pray list to the warnings here given by me: Never hunt on a "fine, sunny morn." If youdo, Be certain that act you will bitterly rue. If you kindly will this to the story I've told, You will see that Von Ulm, though so mighty and bold, On a "fine, sunny morn" was most ruthlessly killed; So, I earnestly beg, be not mulish, self-willed, But hunt boars when 'tis wet if you value your breath; If you hunt 'em on " fine " days they bore you to death. Another good moral my story conveys, 'Tis one that will help you to lengthen your days: Whenever you hunt, do not hunt a wild boar, Or else, like Von Ulm, you'll go hunting no more I For e xciting and safe hunting I would suggest A rabbit, or-well, you may fill in the rest. G. Thor. TRANSPOSITION. 2.-The cake has gone! Whi re can it be? 'Twas here not long ago. Boy, tell me, have you eaten it? Come, tell me, yes or no P An honest dog I know you are, To first you would not deign; Were such the case, I never could Delight in you again. At second, we could not respect One who would do such things. But did you eat it P Do reflect; It can't have taken wings. What third are these that now, I hear, That some one gave it you, Thinking it fourth. Well, doggie dear, We'll hope that this is true. LoTTE W. OMEGRAM. 3.-There is a weary sadness in this thirst, This wild, impatient yearning for a name, And all the proud emoluments of fame; But surely they by fate are most accurs'd Who have the power a certain height to gain, And then first toil and struggle on in vain; For genius is not made, but born, and they Who own it not, and yet its ghost possess- A faint reflection of its gloriousness- In whose poor souls ambition next holds sway, Methinks deserve more pity than the rough, Unread, unlearned tiller of the sod, Who has no future, living for to.day, Content till death to plough the earth, and plod Along for naught but bread and beer enough. F. R. CouLson. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. 4.-Fresh from the fields where waved the golden wheat, The weary labourer with hunger's zest Began his meagre fare in peace to eat- Beneath his roof of thatch himself to rest. The cottage home was wondrous neat and clean, Its floor of brick was scrupulously swept; But though sweet peace seemed smiling o'er the scene, That man, while carving up his food, had wept. What secret sorrow filled each glistening eye ? What hidden-- Came a stranger then along, Who to his soft inquiry gained reply, " Oi rayther guess it's 'cause this ingun's strong !" W. J. StanaANr. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-Lord Tootletum.tee and Shankpoodle Green Were men of the day, sir, the sprucest I've seen; Lord Tootletum.teo from the Conq'ror had come- Tootletam I But not so had Shankpoodle Green. Now Shankpoodle Green was a bit of a beau, Short, chubby, and stout, and as round as an 0; And T. Tee and Green, sir, had both come to woo- Tweedle.twoo I At the feet of Miss Sarah Jane Coe. Miss Sarah Jane Coe was a " sweet, little dear," So Lord Tootletum-tee had declared with a leer. " And, oh, fly with me first-to the church let us fly "- Tweedle-twi !-- "And our life shall be cloudless and clear I" " Oh, do be my next," poor Green sweetly sighed. "Oh, Sarah Jane Coe, will you be my bride ? Sweet, do whisper' Yes,' and I'll soon see your pa I'" Tweedle.twa I And Shankpoodle Green really cried. "Away, Lord Too.tee I" cried Sarah Jane Coe. "Away, Mr. Green I I tell you to go. I'll not marry either 's my answer, I say 1" Tweedle-tay I And that's all the story I know. H. F, GRAAK, Wandsworth, DECAPITATION. 6.-In valley, mountain, wood, or lea, Where'er you roam you will see me; Beneath the rolling ocean wide, There, there my rugged form I hide. In mansions grand, and in the street, In various shapes you'll with me meet ; Within the peasant's cot I'm seen, And in the palace of our Queen. Down in the bowels of the earth I'm found, for there I had my birth; And though 'tis strange, yet I can boast Of colours, too, a goodly host. I'm oft the cause of deadly strife, For man to gain me risks his life; But then, again (mind what I say), I'm oft, as worthless, thrown away. But now about myself I've said Enough, so without fear or dread Pull out your knife, cut off my head- A note ox sound remains instead. The operation, please, repeat, Your vision then is sure to greet A number small well known to you. And now my riddle ends. Adieu ! M. F. GEsaN, Fermoy. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. 7.-" First ! first l" we cry, as we second full speed, On our engine trim, through the rushing throng To the blazing pile, where great is the need Of our dauntless hearts and our arms so strong. " Man the engine, my lads !" " Third, third, sir l" shouts My firemen brave, as they run out the hose, And the levers clank, and the water spouts On the fire-a battle of direst foes. "Midst turmoil of panic, and smoke, and flame, My fourth is caught by a vision of fear- A lass at a window shrieking my name ! Oh, horror l it is my own Annie dear I "Quick! join the ladders " They rise fifth above. Sixth spring up the rounds and vanish in smoke, To clasp, and safely descend with my love, 'Midst cheers of comrades and gratulant folk. Ronsaxue. CENTRAL DELETION. 8.-Dear friends, please pluck a flower fair, Examine it, and you'll declare That whole is seen quite plainly there; The centre take away, When, presto I change, then all around You hear a merry, jingling sound. But as I know the answer's found, I bid you all good day. F. T. BIDn.ET CONUNDRUM. 9.-If Jones was Smith, and Smith was White, And White was Black, and Black was Wright, And Wright was Wrong, and Wrong was Key, Ye riddlers bright, who would Jones be ? J. C. COralXB.
METAGRAM. 10.-I take up my pen, sir (as often did Spencer, Or Longfellow, Byron, and myriads more), And such is my style, sir, that in a short while, sir, I've written of riddles-just fancy I-a score I Among which are betagrams, omegrams, metagrams, Double acrostics, and decapitations; Witty curtailments, first last for all ailments- In fact, there are cons. of all denominations. You'll find in them pathos and sentiment; bathos You'll never discover in riddles of mine. While some teem with humour, in some I assume a Sad tone which you'll own is remarkably fine. You may, dear Ed., wonder, and say, " What a blunder That fellow makes sending such rich gems to me! Why, if he but knew it-the right way to do it- He could get for each one a fabulous fee." But fame 'tis I seek after; and although week after Week I peruse the " R. T." with anxiety, Find that I lead it not, dash it down-read it not- Mutter a word not related to piety I " Gracious I" I hiss aloud. " Why, now, is this allowed P Wretched effusions beat mine in the field. From it I'll step away." Then brush a drop away, Vowing next week to resign quill and shield. BARNETT DE BEAR. CURTAILMENT. 11.-" Soon I'll be sailing across the sea, Over the foam and wave; Oh, mother, dear, will you think of me, And still be brave P First of the time when I will return, And of the money I mean to earn. " Soon I'll be far from this dear old shore, Out 'midst the winds that blow; Mother, dear, promise me one thing more Before I go: Will you, though years I may be away. Watch at the door for me every day P" Thus spoke a sailor boy strong and true, For he was filled with fear She would not live long, for well he knew Many a year Would fly away at a rapid pace Ere he returned to his native place. Weeks, months roll by, till two years have flown- Weary long years they seem; Haggard and next has the woman grown. Did She not dream That her son's form she saw cold and still, Washed to and fro at the ocean's will ? How could they say that her dream was true ? Did they not know the cost ? How could they tell her his ship and crew Had all been lost P? Ah, but her son on a fairer shore Waited for her by the open door. MARaroN Ta-Lon, Birkenhead. CHARADE. 12.-Hear the shrieking first demon letloose on the plain I How he groans and he yells o'er the dying and slain 1 Hear his roar in the guns-in the second of pain Of the soldier who falls to rise never again I And now o'er the carnage has risen the sun, And the day, dull and dark, has already begun, When a swhole of fierce triumph is heard. The last gun Is now fired. The battle is over and done. M. W. HARNTrr, Gloucester. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 13,-Initials and finals in order arrayed, Two emperors (Roman) will then be displaved. Than the former scarce ever a ruler was wiser; Too careful by half. He, in fact, was a miser. My pen seems to quiver as finals I name, The greatest of princes e'er lauded by fame. Cross Words. 106 and arone A flower comes to vision; 'Tis pretty, and'tis blue. 1,251 ,, anooe Oft held up to derision- Careful, and saving, too. 601 ,, nes A part of India there is Which everybody knows. 60 ,, apahn Of soldiers this a square is- You'll find it, I suppose. 201 ,, aaa This is a tree. Behold, I'm Quite taken by surprise; 1,050 ,, osono For here's a king of old time, Mighty, and rich, and wise. 651 ,, nea I shouldn't like to live here, It is so cold and bleak. 1,051 ,, baea An adjective I give here Means sweet, and kind, and meek. 1,005 ,, benore This comes but once a year; 'Tie "cold, and dark, and drear." DIANrA, Cork. METAGRAM. 14.-The sun's rays brightly shone Very gaily upon Two boys, whose first fate To you I'll relate. Oh, mourn for these boys, as you will when you hear Of their terrible fate, which will draw forth a tear. When one of them joked, The other near choked, And aloud roared with glee, That "'Twas good " he'd agree. But, alas I o'er their heads did a dark figure loom That soon made them wretched and cast down with gloom. " It will be a good joke," Said one ; "let us smoke." Said the other, "Agreed," As he pulled out a weed. They had smoked for some time, and nemt smoked very quick, When both of them suddenly said they " felt sick." Then they shrieked and they groaned, And they shivered and moaned; Each complained of his head, And they both went to bed. A thrashing each got, and I question-don't you ?- If they ever again went out smoking. Adieu I A Mouarirse KNIGHT. MONOPHONE. 15.-An adventure I'll tell which occurred once to me. I was tempted and fell, but was punished, you'll see. In an orchard there grew an assortment of fruit, So a first of us (two) went this orchard to loot. We got o'er the wall and climbed up a next tree, When we heard some one bawl, and, lo I whom did we see But old Farmer Giles with a whip in his hand, And to tears changed our smiles, as in tone of command He bade as come down, which, of course, we'd to do, And said he, with a frown, " Now, look here, you two, I've caught you at length, and I won't let you slip;" Then with all his strength he laid on with his whip. The skin he did third from our backs, I am sure, And never a word could we say, but endure The whipping we got, for we knew 'twas deserved; But since then we have not from the honest way swerved. SPorsTaoKEr, Glasgow. DECAPITATION. 16.-M1y love and I, one summer's eve, Across the meadow strolled, And really, sirs, you'll scarce believe The love to her I told. "Some day," said I, "my wife you'll be P Now, pray, love, don't be vexed." At this she raised her first to me, And softly answered next. H. R. PRESTON, Kennington.