RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUA4RAM.
(Chnange the first two letters of aword to form another word.) 1.-Sometimes Iwonder if cares would'be lighter, Could we forget all the days that are o'er; Would the dim future shine fairer and brighter If we could banish the mem'ries of yore ? What if the dreams be all silver and shining P What if the visions be radiant and fair? Sometimes our hearts must be filled with repining, Longing to grasp at the sunbeams that were. Sometimes a primal that long has been hidden Under a heap of resolves out of sight, All in a moment, unwished.for, unbidden, By a slight whisper is brought into light. Sometimes the strains of a song, sweetly stealing, Harshly uncovers an olden regret, Rudely awakens some long-slumbered feeling, Showing too plainly we cannot forget. Back through a vista my memory, straying, Wakens a host of old sorrows from rest- Sorrows that while in their youth were e'er swaying Unmingled emotions of grief in my breast. Now through the filter of time they stand purely, Belt of their rancour, deprived of their smart, Revealing by constant approach how securely And closely their tendrils are twined round the heart. Oh, dear to my mind are the old recollections I Unto my feelings they powerfully plead * With never a landmark for pensive reflections, Life would be second and shallow indeed. But what if the pain be untinctured with sweetness P What if its hand touch a dissonant chord ? Will not the echo mar present completeness ? Will not the mem'ry with sadness be stored ? Towering before me, the tall trees are casting Dark shades which enhance, while obstructing the light, And will not the present and future, contrasting With pain of the past, shine more gloriously bright ? A messenger-thought-to assist my discerning, Speeds through the mazes, by doubtings beset, And soon through the halls of my mem'ry returning, Brings me the answer-I would not forget. MaION AND Anyr. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 2.-Drumly and dark rolls the first to-night, The sirs like fnm'ral feathers loom Through rolling clouds of wat'ry gloom. The eagle's scream, from the rocky height, Falls like a traveller's cry of fright, When conscious of impending doom. Faint in the cast glows a next of light; Its struggling rays the clouds illume; Fantastic shapes the rocks assumeo As the morning twilight falls; more bright The eastern rift becomes; in its might The sun is rising above the height, And morn bursts into fullest bloom, D. Gow. PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 3.-A pretty maid, with sunny hair, And lips like the full red cherry; Eyes now dancing with inborn delight Of a blithesome heart and merry. And she sang a song in rattling glee, She sang it triumphantly, " I care for nobody, no, not I, And nobody cares for me I" A pretty maid, with dreamy eyes, And rosy lips parted in singing, A voice as sweet as the rippling brook, Or the sound of fairy.bells ringing. She sang a part of an altered song, And she sang it wistfully, "I care for somebody, yes, I do, But nobody cares for me I" A bonny maiden fair to see,' With a joy that first a charm; And somebody near with tender care, To protect from fancied harm. She shyly whisp-red at his request, And whispered so happily, " I care for somebody, yes, I do, And somebody cares for me." A woman, draped in sombre hues, Some pure white blossoms is bringing; A grave close by with a marble cross, And ivy leaves gracefully clinging. She kissed the earth as though it could feel, And murmured so tearfully, " We'll meet again at the shining next, So watch there, my love, for me." EDITH K. RENDLE. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.J 4.-I went down to Brighton to spend a fine day, And bought a large pork pie to eat on the way; But ere I got back, I can truthfully say Far away did I wish that pork pie. When asked on the beach if I wished for a sail, I said'that I did, and "thereby hangs a tale." There was one thing I feared, and that was a gale ; But serene was the face of the sky. With three or four more I got into a boat, And all shouted out, " I'm afloat I I'm afloat I" But it came on to rain-and I hadn't a coat- When some two or three miles from the shore. Then it caiine on to blow as well as to rain, And; oh;'that pork pie I it did give me great pain. I was carried ashore, and caught the last train; But I won't even look at a pork pie again, And I'll never go there any more. J. A. BLOWBS. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word alter each operation.) 5.-A planet you in first will see Transpose, an Afghan town 'twill be; Again transpose, and you will view Part of yourself, well known to you; And now, dear riddling friends, curtail, A verb to see you will not fail; Behead, part of yourself, I ween, With which you fourth, will then be seen; Transpose, a verb is brought to light; And now reverse-before your sight A peiiod of time is found." Farewell, dear riddling friends renowned. E. W. SunVELL AND F. G. BRamses. 6.,-Look above, then you may see First dwells within the sky; Reverse my next, if brought to mind, A colour bright am I; Poor sailors like my last to see , When shipwrecked they have been ; Combine my whole, then there will be A town in England seen. ABm~lu SnIrT, Gresley. CON6UNDRU . 7.-Oh; merry riddlers, learned and wise, Fray tell me whezi are eyes not eyes. AGONISTE..
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound. 8.-I must write an ode to Spring, Just as all our songsters do; Loudly shall my paeans ring-. All I'll warble shall be true. When, my friends, when bonny earth Breaks from Winter's icy grasp, Teems again with life and mirth, Then with Spring our hands we clasp. Sol, with full and smiling face, Warms our land in jovial style; Flow'rets spring from ev'ry place, First showers spoil our clothes the while. Birds within their cosy nests Next the sun with joyous song; Chanticleers. with ruddy crests, Shriek away the whole night long. Zephyr breezes, soft and sweet, Over wood and meadow blow; Don't we get a precious treat When the wind's bad tempered, though I Pearly dewdrops gem the grass, Wet our boots and colds inspire; Oft through mud and sleet we pass, Glad to seek a cosy fire. Spring has charms our hearts to woo; Bat it has its drawbacks, too. F. G. WEBs, Southwark. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 9.-You ask me, dear S., why I don't more " funny" cons. compose, Each line replete with sparkling whole, instead of naught but woes; But you'll wonder, when your notice to my troubles I now call, Not that my lines are serious, but that I write at all. Now just, for instance, take to.night. I sit down to indite Some two or three" side-splitters," but had scarcely 'gan to write, When, down the street, with squeaking fife and rover. berating drum, And followed by a howling mob, some wretched school. boys come. iMy raffled feelings have scarce calmed, when, with a dreadful din Of slamming doors and clattering feet, my brother rushes in, Some wretched comic (P) songs he sings, or first's a popnlar air, Until I place aside my pen and ink in mule despair. And every night it's just the same; as soon as I begin To " manufacture " rhymes, the neighbourhood resounds with din Of howling dogs, or sweet-voiced cats, or file's car- iplitting strain, Until I think they ne'er will lct me write a con. again. lily dearest of friends, I acknowledge with pain You have cause for your quaint, plaintive ditty; But I hope that last partnership you will maintain, For to sever it would be a pity. I'm sure I've the very same reason as you For never composing a word; For, just as I write, down the street looms in view The Salvation Army absurd. I sat down last night at the hour of nine (And I tell it you, George, very tearfully), That there came from next door, ere I wrote out a line, The noise of a piano most fearfully. And my base, fitful memory plays me so false, And my mind at a vacancy stands, At the "Stephanie" gavotte and the " See.aw " valse Being murdered by fair thumping bands. S. FIRANKLIN AND G. H. FPERRx. 10.-" First you second, dearest," Said the sailor to his lass, "Although I'm going to the West, A year will quickly pass, And I shall soon be home again; We'll laugh, then, at your fear. So whole, my darling, until then, And do not sorrow, dear." KATE F. ROYSTON, Birmingham, 11.-My first is a point of the compass, Now, mariners, all search your brains ; The artist my next oft encounters, 'Tis a powder composed of small grains; My last composes a portion Of the earth upon which we all live; And iny whole is a county in England; Its name I now leave you to give. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) . Foundation Word. 12.-Hail to thee, precious word of kindly greeting, Dear to the stranger's heart oppressed with care I The lowly cot is blest if thee we're meeting; Home is not home, if thou art wanting there. Cross Words. A famous soldier this will name, Whose exploits are well known to fame. What proverbs say some folks will take, If of an inch the gift you make. A power by all confessed supreme; To maids and bards a fruitful theme. While fourth in view right well you keep, You'll always look before you leap. A number; and of all the rest, 'Tis said we like this far the best. The man whom this will fail to charm Will ne'er my heart with friendship warm. When of my cons. you've read a host, 'Tis this that doubtless pleases most. J. A. MARnans LL, Kennington. Foundation Word. 13,-How skilfully they wield their pens I These primals of our "T. " Let's hope that they will ne'er desert, But ever faithful be. Oross Words. You bet, my riddling friends, I'd dance with glee, Were Editor to give this place to me, A man who any dangers grim would dare, Is be who makes his journeys through the air. A Christian name yon here may witness now, Owned by our clever confrere, Mr. Gow. 'Tis used by me, and, too, I think, by you; The colour I am using now is blue. 'Tis being need, as I this con. indite,
And 'twill again, if you read what I write. In these our various articles we weigh, Or, if you like, a riddler's name I'll say. Ti ROYSToT, Birmingham. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordt. 14.-Of all the riddlers that I know- And lots are here to-day-- I and my friends together vow There's first like Eyie~Gray. Her cons. are of the verybest. " You're right," I hear next say; And hope with me you'll cry with zest, " Three cheers-for Evie.Gray !" J. PORTER, Preston.
OENTRAL CHANGE' (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, 15.-One I told you of a youth Who was very good at puns, And (do I not state the truth ?) Gave to you some sample ones, Now his latest first excel Any he has ever made; And, to circulate them well, He has called on me for aid. Mind you, I don't say true wit Is embodied in a pun; Yet a laugh's oft raised by it, So I won't say there is none, Though some persons still contend That to make a pun's-a crimeo; But I must oblige a friend, So I give his puns in rhyme.- We were told in manner quaint, rith preparatory " Haw I" " Though Peannot sketch or paint, I most certainly can draw I Then into our ears he poured Puns that might have come from Hood, Till we all with laughter roared- His deliv'ry was so good. First he would " attention draw" To his talent last the art; He can " draw cigars," and " haw I Likewise water, and-a cart 1" Then, whene'er he tells a tale, He can " draw the long.bow "-see P And each week, sir, without fail, He doth " draw his sal.a.ry I" ARCuER B., Kentish Town. DCU BLE CHANGE. (Change two letters of a word to form another word.) 16.-The zephyrs are wasting a message of love To the bright-tinted flowers that people the grove; The first and the flowers rejoice as they hear " The spring-time is fading, the summer is near." The lilies, the snowdrops, the primroses pale, All droop as the message floats on through the vale; The dew s silver next sparkles bright on the flowers- All nature is waiting for summer's gay hours. E, A. Catna. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word) 17,-I loved a girl called Sally Brown, And, thinking she loved me, I bought her lots of pretty things, Which filled her heart with glee. She vowed she would be true to me- As true as stars that shine; She smiled so sweetly as she said, " lily heart is over thine." It made me feel as all the world Just then belonged to me; I first not think deceit last dwell In such a girlas she. I went to buy the weddiug.ring, For soon we should be wed, And settle down in married life, When this to me she said: " My parents I must go and see- I must to-morrow start; But soon I will return to thee, Thou treasure of my heart." But Sally Brown I've never seen, Since she for home departed; She's gone and left her loving Joe Near dead and broken-hearted. 1. L. RAw. 18.-'Twas by the lake's side that we found her, And her face looked so shiny and white, As the sun cast a. halo around her, And her eyes seemed to pierce through its light- To pierce through the blue sky above us, To the land where her spirit first flown. To the place where she'd watch o'er and love us, Though left in our anguish alone. And on a cold grave, where she's lying, We oft shed a next bitter tear' For we knew not her spirit was hying, Though strong arms and willing were near. They say 'twas her lover that killed her, That plunged the sharp knife in her breast; But we leave to the Father that willed her, That justice which is for the best. EXCELSIOR.n, 19.-Far down in a valley dwelt a fair maid- Hearts stout and first at her feet had been laid; Knights, with their wealth and estates at command, Came and diligently sought for her hand. One day came a stranger, fearless and bold, With haughty bearing, in armour of gold, Fell deep in love with the maid at first sight, And bore her away in the dead of the night. Next morn they sought her-she could not be found, In vain did they last, each noble and hound; Time grew on, and she was heard of no more- She, the proud maid who had lovers a score. W. CARBEa, Birmingham. TRANSPOSITION. (Transose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-I always find it very hard to fall upon a theme On which to write my verses, First, this rather strange may seem To him who can a poem write, and one that's pleasing, too, On the simplest thing of nature that may chance to meet his view; Perhaps a leaf seen falling in a blast from off a bough, A shadow passing swiftly across a maiden's brow, Or a flower that chanced to longer bloom in autumn than the rest, Or one that had exposed itself on Winter's frigid breast. But he who in these beauty sees hath beauty in his mind; That beauty only blossoms when the other is defined, And lasts a power of genius that doth make him rich indeed, And a wide world he makes richer with the blossom of its seed; While I have doubtless here been placed but to appreciate, And in that find a pleasure, just as he does to create. T. Nixon, Dudley Colliery. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 21,-A well.known garden vegetable Please find, and then turn round The name of part of every ship Instead will then be found. 1!. SPENCER, Willington Quay.