RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DELETION.
[lrop a letter from the word ohosen, leaving inother word.) 1.-" Bny a bunch of flowers, sir ? buy a bunch of flowers ? See their faces fresh and bright, washed with summer showers." But the people, swiftly speeding, Pass the little maiden by, Heeding not the tearful pleading, Or the eager, childish cry, " Who will buy a bunch of flowers ?" " Buy a bunch of flowers, miss ? buy a bunch of flowers ? Fresh and sweet are they as any found in ladies' bowers." 'Midst the crowd, by thousands flowing In a noisy, bustling train, Weaker is the small voice growing, In its plaintive, old refrain, " Who will buy a bunch of flowers ?" "Buy a bunch of flowers ? who'll buy a bunch of flowers ?" Is the burden of her song through the weary hours. In her eyes the teardrops glisten, As the evening shadows fall; None have lingered yet to listen To the shrill, weak, pleading call, " Who will buy a bunch of flowers ?" " Buy abunch of flowers ? who'llbuy a bunch of flowers ?" Silenced is the childish first by the higher powers; For the morning lights are stealing O'er the now deserted place, There a tiny form revealing, S eeping in Death's cold embrace. Free from sorrow, next, and pain, Never more to sing again, " Who will buy a bunch of flowers ?" MARION TArLOR, Bi.kenuiwl. ENIGMA. 2.-I am made of wood, and am often used In a certain game, where I'm much bnused, For I guard, I cut, I block, and I drive, And often to make large figures contrive; But yet I'm alive, seen often at night. Am strange in my ways, and always shun light; I am what I am, and strange 'tis to tell, Though seldom I'm seen, I'm known very well; Some say I'm a bird, because I have wings, Knd argue this fact 'gainst all other things; Some say I'm a beast, for teeth I have got, But I'm what I am, and don't care a jot. PrILo. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 3.-Ahi ab! my friend, good day to you. It looks like being wet. But, by the way, 'tis Saturday: Has Young Folks come in yet ? Oh, thanks I'm glad I haven't had To wait long for that book, As at the "Riddle Tournament" I long to have a look. I know the Ed. has had to ask Those riddlers of renown To put their shoulders to the wheel, And send to London town Their cons., which I delight to see In Young Folks page appear Week after week, month after month, And so on through the year. I hope he'll primal have to ask For riddles any more; But final have his file full up, As in the days of yore. But now, my friend, I must be off, It's coming on to rain; I'll say good day, and, if I may, I'll try and come again. E. W. PESKETT. 4.-Shall I tell the latest news, my friend, ? And I hope you will not doubt it, Or say, as unkind people do, That I don't know much about it. I do know all about it, friends- Indeed, for truth, I do; I read the papers every day, And understand them, too. I know so much about events That to me there's nothing new. But what's the good, when you don't heed, Of telling them to you ? I might he telling all the while, Second the day was done, And then you'd not know any more Than when I had begun. I'll tell you one thing: That chap's last- That fellow-what's his name ? Oh, dear! I cannot think at all; However, it's all the same. You see I'm getting muddled, friends, But do not mind for me; First you know I can't go on, Or , ou'll doubt my sanity. F. C. BOExaME, Shornciffe. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundatiosn Woras. 5.-With spoliation charged, he left his home, And fled to Ardea, though much it grieved him; But when barbaric Gaul advanced on Rome, His countrymen with open arms received him. When Rome and Samnium, tired of shedding gore, Were filling up their pipes of peace, to smoke 'em ; When Rome was fearing civil breaches sore, He made some famed agrarian laws-and broke'em. Cross Words,. When Egypt's fighting men grew hot, How often I received their shot I The Hiudoo genius of fire, With flaming hair and aspect dire, A good design in shells and flints Is charming with its pretty tints. We do not say that great renown Belongs to this Albanian town. The home of pomp and gaiety ; The home of vice and misery. Behold the great Apollo's priests. Who're alwsys present at his feasts. In South America,. a place - -ea Not far from the equator trace. ', m We take you there, or bring you back,' And yet we never leave a track. PRICE AND TroY. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 6,--Rold on, brave heart I the day is won When Death comes down with glory's pall! Think when thy weary life is done, Think when thy torments all are gone- When you forgive them all. Heed not the frantic cries they raise; Heed not the fagots now they pile. Let them in ghastly triumph gaze Upon the curs'd and ruthless blaze, And let the demons smile. Thine own the vict'ry, martyr'd soul I Inquisitor, thy migbt is naught, That faithful heart has gain'd its goal; Your sparks may fly, your flames may roll- The battle has been fought. A. H. SCALES. 7.-Oh, Mary, can you not believe That you I never could deceive ? If you consent to be my wife, I will to you devote my life. You won't? Then hear what I've to say : The army I will join to.day, Or be a sailor, gain renown, And then you-well, you'll wed poor Brown. J. A. G. MaanSa~,.
tIONO (PHONE. (Words of diffsrent meanais, but the same In sound ) 8.-I love to read of thee, Thou bravest knight of Arthur's Table Round! Thy deeds of chivalry An echo in my heart have ever found I Sir Launcelot, the brave, the leal, and true, Ready wert thou the worst to dare and do. To cause thy daring heart to quail, Or blanch thy cheek, grim Death himself would fail If primal was thy cause, No dangers made thee pause. Thon'dst tilt or second with the bravest knight To punish guilt or to uphold the right I Thy king had honoured thee, And loved thee for thy might and fame. Ah. me! That scandal had the power to smirch thy name, To flush thy face, .r And plunge thee into ruin and disgrace ! Sot DisAetr. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which it a iworJ) 9.-A wretched miser ones did live, And firsts of go'd he had; He ne'er to any man would give, His nature was so bad. He'd sit alone (except for this), And doze before the fire; To him this seemed exalted bliss-- His wishes soared no hight r. 'Twas growing late, the house was still, And he was sleeping fast, When sounds the street below did till- The hideous sounds of last. The miser started at the noise; Still on and on did play The man outs.de, while little boys Cried out," Hip I hip ! hurray !" And thus we leave them. I have done, Having no more to say ; So, dearest riddlers, every one, I bid you all good day. LOrsIE W., Brighton. }0.-Dear Editor, my late success has filled me with delight; It almost seems impossible to me That cons. of mine will really soon appear in print, in spite Of ever watchful W. P. B. It waits beneath the table while you last a first of mine; Its yawning mouth in fancy I can see Grow anxiously expectant as you near the final line, Oh, gormandizing W. P. B. ! Yet but for it the whole in which we fain would take a part, A very tame affair indeed would be. And though it sometimes wound us, we must thank it in our art, "Discriminating W. P. B. GooD INTENTr. METAGRAMS. (Chans' the first letter of a word to form anothur i ord.) 11.--When ended is our daily toil, So oft by us gone through- A toil that makes us weary feel At times, and gloomy, too- How sweet it is to seek our homes! First cosy then they seem ! How sweet, at length, to rest and sleep, And then, perchance, to dream ! To dream! Ay, when the working man In sleep can clearly see Himself, perhaps, a noble lord, And from all labour free I Behold himself, in manners great, The grandest of t'e graud, Who never is commanded next, But living to command. To dream! Yes, when the man of years, With hair of silvery grey, C n vividly behold hims-lf Once more a child at play, Go through such games as once be di.1, In happiness supreme; And what a sigh escapes his breast When finished is the dream! To dream! Ay, when the lover young Can see his bygone queen, Whose love and his, mistrust did place An obstacle between; Can look upon her face once more, Regain her old esteem, Enjoy her smiles, sublimely sweet, As passes on the dream; Can ask forgiveness, and receive Her third cf love again- A love to last till death shall part The young and loving twain ; C in leave a kiss upon her lips. How happy he does seem ! And when he wakes, " Ah, me." he thinks, " How. sweet it is to dream I" F. WaLls. 12.-A sailor lad is first asleep, And in his dreams the lad does weep; He sees his mother as of yore, Alas ! that mother is no more; He sees, in sleep, each treasured thing That made him happy as a king When but a child; and still he sleeps, And the storm king o'er the ocean sweeps. He sees his dear old rustic home, The family Bible-sacred tome- The old arm.chair, the eight-day clock, His sister knitting at a sock, A bright fire glistening in the grate, while he sits working at his slate, Doing his anms; and still he sleeps, And the storm king o'er the ocean sweeps. Jiut as the lad sleeps-up on deck There is a fearful scene of wreck ; Tne next has gone, by lightning riven, And a cry for help goes up to heaven. Too late I the ship sinks in the sea- Her crew from ocean toils are free : And dreamless nowtihe sailor sleeps. While the storm king o'er the ocean sweep's. SPOTSTROKg, (Jla.i gUW. CURTAILMIENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another wor 1.) 123,--This is a plank, or piece of wood; Now, if you take the tail away, An animal is quickly left; Curtail agasn and you'll display A certain article of dress By ladies worn, as, p'r'nps, you'll guess. ItPRIMATUS, ROTATION CHANGE. (COhanse the letters of a word in sucoession to form other words.) 14.-We first a ship which sailed along quite proudly, And from her deck her captain hailed us loudly. fMy next's a Yottung Folks riddler, smart and clever; To solve his puzzles vainly I endeavour. "The day is very finue, so I propose a Good third upon the lake," said cousin Rosa. Its use is to inflict a castigation; And now my puzzle's reached its termination. S. W. HAYES, Worcuster.