RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENT.
I.--Fairy dreamer, art thou thinking of the ages long ago, When the fairies sought to shield us weary mortals from all woe ? Hast thou courted solitude to satisfy thy wav'ring mind, Left the turmoil of the world thy first gay messengers to find ? If thou art a fairy dreamer of the ages long ago, Must thy wav'ring footsteps in the same direction ever go? . Dost thou wish to view the fairies holding revels'mid the flowers, And like them be ever merry in this weary world of ours ? Maiden, you can be a fairy, loving, dutiful, andtkind, Even better;tdan those fairies 'tis thy heart's desire to find. Such a'second little fairy ! ever sweetly understood, Ever striving, fairy-like, to do thy fellow-creature good; Gentle words to old and feeble, gentleness towards a child, lvery action warm and simple, and a mien that's ever mild. Then the world will love its fairy, and the fairy's name will be Loved by those who'll ever praise.her for her pure sim. plicity. THERESA C. KIrCHNER. ENIGMA. 2.-Where 'mong the hills of verdant Spain, A slender tree its form uprears, And as each summer comes again, A load of juicy fruit it bears, I grow amo g its leaves of green, In white or bloomy purple dressed ; I oft, too, am in England seen, And rarest wines I yield when pressed. When armies meet in fiercest strife Upon the dreadful field of war, And fiercest battle sounds are rife, The roaring cannon sends me far. And many valiant lives I take Of soldiers, who upon the field Are fighting for their country's sake, And, bravely dying, will not yield. BOADICEA. OMEGRAM. 3.-Before the shrine of Brahma, To perform his ghastly drama, Stood the Indian snake-charmer, with an air devoid of fear; Bult the priests with horror shivered, As the deadly reptiles quivered And entwined themselves around him, whilst his song rose soft and clear. " Ah, my cobra di capello Is a gentle, handsome fellow I" Said the first, in accents mellow; but, alas I in deadly fun, The serpent him had bitten, And, as though by lightning smitten, He sank down second, dying 'neath the burning summer sun. Said the priests, " Great Siva willed it so, and Siva's will be done !" NELLIE COULSON, BOW. BETAGRAM. 4.-Drums are beating, flags are lying, Aboard the Mary Anne, Anxiously the captain's crying, " To duty ev'ry man !" Then ev'ry man flies to his post, Each eager for the fray; No time now for an idle boast, No time for idle play. The captain strokes his first in thought, Then unto them does say, "Though vict'ry may be dearly bought, Yet we must win the day." The vessels meet with one loud crash; The grappling iron's cast. They last the foe, then onward dash, And deal death round them fast. The foes, though weak, are very brave, Like soldiers on the field, They fight till verging near the grave Before they cry, " We yield I" Their efforts are of no avail, Against our noble tars, For Englishmen do never fail, Though foes are thick as stars. " We yield! we yield!" is now the shout, And many lives it saves. The vict'ry's won; our tars sing out, " Britannia rules the waves." H. W. W. LLOYD, Tamworth. METAGRAM. 5.-Yonder, away o'er the hill, Over the first and the lea, All is so quiet and still, When a second he shouted with glee. Now, a third, to be properly told, Must be what the critics call terse; And woe to the poet so bold Who would write an irregular verse. Still, I can't for a moment conceive However a next can be found; Or the sum for a work they receive- Whether eighteen and six, or a pound. Wealthy poets I never heard tell; Poor as the little church mouse; Fifth they are, too, never well, And live in a dull, dreary house. Gentle reader, whenever I spy A sixth of old papers and stuff, Oh, fondly I hope you and I Will never write more than enough. L. HAMILTON. LOGOGRIPH. 6.-Your pardon, pray, while I explain This little con. to you; I won't be long, and I would fain Have it before your view. A sort of herb my first will be, Of that there is no doubt; 'Tis very common, you will see, So please to find it out. A change of head now please procure, And, if I know aright, A sort of stone that will endure, 'Twill shortly bring to sight. Transpose, and you will then perceive The change is very great; An Irish city, I believe, The answer then will state. Curtail, and then another find And put it in its place, Then it will bring before your mind What feeds the human race. Change head, and you will then behold A part of every day. But now I fear I've been too bold, So I will haste away. R. Mo0TooEar. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 7.-Now, Annie, dear, please tell me 'Bout the brave knights of old, The knights who loved high honour Far more than fame or gold. If you don't know a story, Then read one to me, dear, Of how the knights gained glory, For such I love to hear. ARnerA. CHARADE. 8.-" Oh, dear me, my letter is late for the first I'" I cried, in the greatest of sorrow. "However, if even it comes to the worst, Dear Ed. will receive it to.morrow." I said to the clerk, who was bent with my second, "Can you tell me how mudh this does weigh, sirP" Said he, "You will find that when you have reckoned There is just threepence whole forto pay, sir." F. BosHaxnza, Shornoliffe.
MONOPHONE. 9.-The mighty Baron Grim in slumber lay, When Sol within his eyes flashed one bright ray, Which made the baron tumble off and say, "Gooldgracious I why, I'vesleptthrough half the dayp-l' Thus muttering, the mighty man arose, And quickly placed himself within his clothes, Then shaved the place between the neck and nose Where whiskers m all shapes and colours grows. (But this is deviating from our tale:) The baron then, a strong and sturdy male, A man of spirit-that is, stout and hale- Declared he would his inner man regale; And with this very laudable intent, Towards the cook's precincts his footsteps bent. Now, strange, although the morn was fully spent, No culinary odour could he scent. He strode into the kitchen, with a frown That would have cowed the boldest heart in town. No first before the fire was turning brown- In fact, the fire itself was going down. " How now, thou sluggard !" cried he to the cook, And bent upon her such an awful look. But, strange to tell, she neither quailed nor shook,. For, though no scholar, cookie " knew her book." " How comes it that my.first is still quite cold I?"- Here Baron Grim looked massacres untold "An't please you, sire, if I may make so bold," Said cookie, as her eyes she slyly rolled, " Because the fire is also coaled, you see." Grim loved a pun, however vile, so he Laughed long and loud, with such abundant glee, That really 'twas _ -erzy sight to see. Then said he, w len his me.rriment was o'er, " Thy situation was at last before, But if thou'lt disobey me nevepnore, My kitcLsn thou caust manage as before." BARNETT DE BER. . METAGRAM. 10.-'Midst the bluebells in the meadows, She is there, And the sun casts flitting shadows On her hair. Full of life and beauty laden, Wondrous fair, Such a merry, winsome maiden, Free from care; Eyes of first, so soft and tender, Lips so red; Hair of golden, glorious splendour Thirds her head. Such' a laughing little creature, Always gay; Ne'er a second mars a feature, Come what may. Standing where the sunlight kissed her, None can tell How I love my little sister, Darling Nell! MAnroN TAYLon, Rock Ferry. - ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 11.-Yes, this is a virtue; we have to admit That few are the happy possessors of it. Yet all may possess it-i hope that you do; If not, my dear friend, I am sorry for you. 'Tis needed by all who are striving for fame, A brilliant career, or a time-honoured name ; 'Tis needed by knights who are ever intent Upon gaining a place in our own " Tournament." Cross Words. A colour well known to you, In first you will surely perceive; An animal next you will view- A noisy one, too, I believe; My third is a very sweet cake- Just taste it, and so you will say; For next you will certainly take A fluid that's used every day; Then this is what invalids need, But others will take it as well; A number for this you will read- What number I leave you to tell; An animal covered with fur, In seventh I know you'll espy; And with me I think you concur, When, lastly, I'm saying good.bye. DEMIOSTHENES, Ballymena.. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 12.--Upon a time, a worthy Scot, With patriotic notions hot, And thoughts that set his soul on fire, To make a name did thus aspire: " If I could search the frozen pole, And reach that mnch.desired goal, Or solve the mysteries of the ocean, Or ev'n invent perpetual motion. " With Watt or Stephenson could be Compared, or on equality; A lifetime would not then be lost, If 'twas attained at such a cost. " But woe is me, oh, cruel fate I I cannot reach that blissful state. A lowly cot's my only home, And fame to me can never come." J. M'COLL.- DECAPITATION. 13.-First Ed., I hope you'll pardon this intrusion, But though I'm here I shan't stop very long. I've taken two whole hours o'er this effusion, But turn it out if there is aught that's wrong. I'm tempted much to write another line or two; When I commence I don't know where to stop. Just like a man that's had a glass of wine or two, He always feels he'd " like another drop." Just two or three more words into your next, sir. I'm very glad indeed that we have met. If this does not appear, I shall be vexed, sir; And I remain, sir, truly yours, HAB. NETT. REVERSION. 14.-A philosopher I would I were, Then, full of wisdom, learning, I'd live alone, and free from care, All worldly troubles spurning. A second Diogenes I'd be ; My wisdom would astonish you. To eschew worldly thoughts you'd see How sagely I'd admonish you. But, first, next second thoughts I can't Wear such a queer apparel- A sack and rope I I'm sure I shan't Leave parlours for a barrell VENTO. CENTRAL DELETION/ 15.-In first behold a well.known weight; The centre letter take, A piece of water then remains, 'Tis neither stream nor lake. J. A. MARSHALL,. CONUNDRUMK. 16.-Now, riddlers, pay attention, And tell the reason why The letter E an evil power Has o'er us all. Good.bye. SPOTSTRorsanE, Glasgow.