RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM.
e the first two letters of a word to form another word, ox- Chate5t ressed In the narrative.) -Of riddlers who have made a name in " Tourney's" charming page, 've got a littl h list, a precious little list; d should they cease to please us with their verses, I'll engage Tey'd one and all be missed, I know they would be _ missod. here's dlrion, our darling queen, whose voice is true and swiCet, d sughing arie Zimmermann, whose name we gladly greet, tnd ow and Franklin make us laugh until we almost cry, hen singing Irish-Scotch duets of touching melody, i eoystou (famous actor he), a first-class humourist- ve got them on the list-they're all upon my list. her's clever Edith Rendle, and the gentle Geraldine, I'ro got them on the list-upon my little list, usd Philo, Puck, and Ivanhoe, whose names are often seon, I kowo they would be missed should they drop off the list. here's Archer B. and Clearchos, of widely-spread reinow, d atrick SI., who scribbles from a famous Irish town; d-d No, I think I will refrain-I'-n shy, and modest too; etask of filling up the blank I'd rather leave to you; at this I know, should any I have named drop off the list, 'm sure they would be missed-they sadly would be missed. QUEE5I0E, Chester. D UAGRAM S. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 2.-The noontide sun was shining, As is does-sometimes-in May, Upon the squares and terraces Of proud Belgravi-a; And many a smart young dandy, \Vith button-hole all gay, And many a " swell " and societyjbelle Were " taking air " that day. But where speeds young Si z Foodle Ia such a galloping haste P- As though he'd not a minute Of his precious time to waste. Why gazes he so tenderly On tlhat first, fragrant glove ? ' is easy to tell that our soft young swell Has fallen madly in love I 'Twas but a few words spoken Amidst th' exotic's gloom, Whilst soft, entrancing music Came floating from the room, Where happy throngs of dancers swept grandly to and fro; One smile and a sigh, now Sitz thinks he'll die If she should say him " No I" Alt! watch his second features As at her door he knocks, And see him wipe his forehead And mop his raven looks. The trim maid smiles a welcome, He pops in with a grin; And as our friend Sitz uneasily sits, Her brother (young) walks in. Our hero's broad grin deepens- He beams down on the boy, And lifts him on his knee-bone, A nice chat to enjoy. " I thay, Mithter Pith Foodle," Lisps this precocious youth, "A queththun I'll athk, it'th an eathy tathk, And you mutht tell the truth. "Thay, it h your hair all painted ? For Lily thaid to mar That she feelth almotht thertain That you lioht-headed are I" Poor Sitz he gave a gurgle, He left, and banged the door; And from that day, most sad to say, He visits there no more! S. FRANKLIN, AND G. H. PEstRY. 3.-Good people, all Iamant with -me For my last Mary Ann, Whose early love was strangely turned Before it quite began. Yes. Mary Ann, the girl I love- She whom I thongoit divine- Has told me in cold-blooded words She never can be mine. For, oh, she's got into her head- And cannot get it out- A foolish thing which isn't worth The bothering about. She says she really cannot see, Or properly divine, If I by rights belong to her, How shs can then be mine. And so she said we'd better part, Although 'twould give her pain To drive a love from out her heart That wouldn't come again. But still, she said, 'twas first; for naught Our natures could combine; For while there was much good in hers, There 'vasn't much in mine. And so she left?while I sat down And thought it o'er and o'er, Until I took a solemn vow To think of it no more. "For why," said I, "if so she likes To leave me here to pine, Then she may go her way in life, And I- Well, I'll go mine." II. A. TAYLont, Birkenhead: CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 4.-I' faith, you puzzle me, I do not know your name, or rank, or station. Last it has occurred to me That London town, maybe, Is honoured as the place of your location. For there, I know, lives one i Who may have firest it fun eind our name to hide his own cognomen; Hut if I find him out, I'll put the rogue to rout And evermore will he and I be foemen. For "Diana R. O'D." S To "Juan C. O'D." Sgst resemblance bears-excuse the mention. And, Diana, if I'm wrong, It's Oh, mray excuse my song; 's ritten wimth the very best intention. AzNoE A. ROYSTON, . reiln mo country am I; , mer a coin yoh'll espy. C., BOS~EE AED S. L;
META°OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-Winds of the evening, so sweetly perfumed, Bring to me mem'oies, first mem'ries of olden, When tiope's fresh flow'rs all unfadingly bloomed, When Love's bright sun made the whole world look golden. Blow sweet and low, Drive from my heart all its burden of woe. Winds of the evening, the charm is complete- Bring to me visions from memory's garden; Were not thy incense so soothing and sweet, Surely my heart would grow callous, and harden. Blow soft and low, Drive from my heart all its burden of woe. Winds of the evening that whisper to me, Speed on your way, for your mission is ended; Next are my cares, and my sorrows now flee, For I by the Angel of Peace am attended. Blow sweet and low, Drive from each heart all its burden of woe. SMARtON An EDIE. 7.-Old Time speeds on with noiseless tread- The hopes that cheered our youth have fled; Dear friends are numbered with the dead, And life's devoid of gladness. Our hearts have hardened, for the years Have brought us naught but trials and tears; And ne'er a ray of first appears To cheer us in our sadness. Sometimes through mists of doubt and pain We conjure up the past again; And then in Memory's shadow-train So many thoughts come thronging. Passing before our tearful gaze, We see the friends of bygone days; The while our hearts throb in a mnze Of anguished love and longing. In youth, of coming joys we'd dream; Last bright the future then did seem ! 'Twas well for us we did not deem Of troubles with it blending-- 'Twas well we could not guess our fates. But when the storm of life abates, We know beyond the grave there waits A life that is unending. LILIAa M. K. DOUGLAS, Camberwell. 8.-It is pleasant to roam where the sweet songster / singeth, When the rose-first is red, and the summer next flingeth Rays of bright sunshine to hover and play, To cheer the sad-hearted and gladden the gay. It is pleasant to roam where the sweet sbngster wiugeth His flight o'er the woodland, the hill, and the plain- Or to sit on a wasp's nest, and dind that he stingoth, Causing intruders to bellow in pain I V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Clauge the nirst and last letters of a word to form manother word, expressed In the narrative.) 9.-I've been so very happy since The day when I got married; For by a bachelor's many cares I am uo longer harried. My wife, the is an angel (That's what the tradesmen say; But tradesmen are sarcastic when Their customers can't pay). My wife is very thoughtful; For every Saturday She'll wait outside my office door Until I get my pay. And when she asks me for it, To give it her I'm willing; For, don't you see, she gives to me A-yes, friends-one whole shilling. My wispy shows great kindness To me, I'm very sure; She sometimes lets me sweep the room, And even scrub the floor. And often of an evening She'll sofily call to me, And say, "Do mind the baby, John, While I just make the tea." My wife has got a mother Who's very fond of us; She offered, in a casual way, To be the baby's " nuss." I told her we didn't want one, But she don't care a pin; For each time we sit down to meals She always will pop in. My wife and I don't quarrel- We always do agree; For I love her so fondly, And she-she worships me. .But our near neighbours whisper What I know is not true: They say I'm frightened of my wife Because she's six feet two. CA IRA, Edmonton. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-In stirring strains the minstrels sweetly sing, Throughout the land a nation's plaudits ring, To welcome him who now from lands afar Returns a conqueror, mighty in the war. Now if into your garden you repair, Among the many beauties flow'ring there My noest you'll see-you know it very well; It is of use, and very sweet in smell. The sun has sunk to rest behind the hill; Nature is hushed, the flocks and thirds are still; The labourer to his cottage takes his way, As softly, gently fades the light of day. C. F. BA.RKER, Wood Green. BETAGRIA3. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-The king in his chamber sat distraught, And a gloomy frown was on his brow; For a messenger to him had brought The news of the wily Romans, how They'd broken the fist, and made a vow All Britain soon to their might should bow. "The Danes," cried the king, as he heard the news, "Shall fight these Romans-they'll ne'er refuse I" To Hengist he rode with might and main: Quoth he, " The Romans invade my land; I want your help-it shall be your gain; Your reward shall bb given with liberal hand." Said Hengist, " It shall be done. My band Will drive these Romans from off your laud; But we want as much ground as we can hide By covering o'er with a raw oxhide!" Then Vortigern laughe- both loud and long At the foolish request of the foolish Dane- Said he, " You shall have itf-it can't be wrong; Of so large a kingdom you should be vain." So the Danemen fought with might and main, And drove the Romans from his domain; "And now," laughed Vortigern, " your reward Which you have won at thepoint of sword t" But the smile left his face, and died away, As he saw them cut into thongs the hide; And amazement came, and then dismay, As they covered th'b land both far and wide, And built a castle, trusty and tried, On the latt that was coveredby one oxhide, And in Thong.caster the king confessed. That "He who laughs last is the ond who' laughs best." ROBEF.T Lt. DtABLE.
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 12.--It is a lovely afternoon in May, The birds are singing loudly on the bushes; Mingles the blackbird's and the lark's sweet lay With pleasant notes of multitudes of thrushes. The sun is shining brightly, as he should, And sweetest odours first upon the breezes, While ever and anon from out the wood The merry pipe of songsters gay increases. She is reclining in an old arm-chair- To shade her from the heat is drawn a curtain; That raveu gloss of her long, clustering hair By nature was not given, I am certain. She leans upon her band her dainty head, Straining her ears for sound of footsteps coming; Bist for a while she only hears instead The noisj of bees around her window humming. At last she sees a manly form advance, Next distance off, but quickly coming nearer, With gait erect and lofty countenance, And eye than which no human eye is clearer. Speedily for his entrance she prepares- Calls for her brightestaund her best apparel, And dons a something which a lady wears, Containing hoops like those of a flour barrel. And then she waits for Susan to announce Iis welcome coming-how it does affect her! The servant enters straightway with a bounce, And, grinning, ushers in the tax.collector ! IvaNHor, Belfast. 13.--If all hackneyed phrases you cut out of this, A very small riddle you'll have then, I wis. There's a primrose moon in the violet sky, There's a rose-light in the west., And the daffodil clouds 'neath the wide heavens fly, As the red sun " sinks to rest." There's a " golden beam " on the " silver stream," There's a wind on the "sapphire sea," And the cottage panes like rubies gleam, As I think, sweetheart, of thee. Dost thou dwell where the " gentle zephyrs sigh," And the " green trees whisper low" ? Or up on a mountain, ever so high, Where the " western breezes blow " Perhaps you reside in a " flowery dell," Or in irst " rosy bower;" Or maybe you hide 'neath the " vesper bell," In the " ivied old church tower." Methinks that thine eyes are " azure blue," And thy voice is "low and sweet ;" Methinks that thy cheeks wear the " rose's hue," And-small are thy fairy feet; I've ne'er seen thee, but " at close of day," When " twilight shadows fall," As " down by the murmuring sea I stray," You must next to me when I call. F. HALLAm, London. 11.-Forty cats first on our tiles, Half were jovial, half were sad; Forty cats talked on like mad, First in tears and then in smiles.. Said one of the forty eats: " Next us hold a concert here; As its dark we need not fear Blunderbusses or brickbats I' Forty cats struck up a song, Ten were tenors, ten were basses, Ten sang quite as bad as asses, And ten screechers were among. In our house the song did flow Like a wave of melody ; And a voice aroused me, Which came from the room below. Even now the voice is ringing Like a knell upon my ear, For these words came loud and clear: " I say, Bill, is that you singing ?" W. KoHLEn. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 15.-An ancient city in a distant land, Once governed by a queen supremely fair; Beyond it stretches far the trackless sand Of Afric's deserts, sterile, wild, and bare, Cross Words. A reigning monarch absolute is he; His iron rule extends from saa to sea. A British king who sleepeth, 't:s decreed; lHe wakes again in Britain's sorest need. The Bible shows the neat-a seer of old Who the Messiah's birth and life foretold. A Christian name, and I have nearly done; 'Twas borne by Norman William's eldest son. For gold the Spanish find, and you will see The final letter of the old city, IN-EZ. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundatist Words. 16.--She sings of love and pleasure That never pass away; In many a happy measure 1be sings of love and pleasure. Her harp must prove a treasure, As, at the close of day, She sings of love and pleasure That never pass away. Cross Words. This means to come together Like hunters in fine weather. And this a female name is; While this a lawless "game " is. This is not well, no, never; This is a Yankee river. This means close by, I think; Well done I I've spilt the ink. ONE OF THE FORTr. ENIGMA. 17.-Oh, many are the wonders of the day In which we live; and ponder gs we may Thp why and wherefore of the most of things, Our study little satisfaction brings. And here is this, the greatest thing on earth Since ever terra firma had its birth, Considered justly so, I do maintain, - And to the end as such it shall remain. By every living man it is possessed; On woman (heartless thing I) the very best And choicest ot its gifts it doth bestow With bounteous hand, whdrever it may go. Some places it is short, and others long, In some it's either weak or very strong; Some people don't enjoy it as they should, And so they ever miss a lot of good. In cities it is always to be seen, Although it loves to walk the meadows green; Embedded in the rocks it's to be found, And also many yards below the ground. In ships that sail to every foreign land A place of prominence it does command; And at the very bottom of the deep 'Tis known it does delight to skip and leap. So find it out and solve it, if you dare, And you will be possessed of courage rare; And it in pity gives you all this clue, That it is now possessed by all of yor.. pves, Ballymena.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 18.-Oh I really the Jubilee's driving me mad; Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee I [ suppose 'twould be treason to try to be sad, Jubilee, Jubilee. Jubileel I'll tell you a few of the things I have bought; They are all christened " Jnbilee,"-surely I ought To be happy and glad at the glorious thought, Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee ! I've jumbles and gingerbread, jalap and jam, Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee I Jackets and jewels, and jelly and ham, Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee i I've a Jubilee journal, a Jubilee jug, A Jubilee maugle, a Jubilee mug, And as it's still cold I've a Jubilee rug I Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee! I've a Jubilee coal-box, a Jubilee lamp, Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee! A Jubilee macintosh, gaiters, and "gamp e" Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee! The word has a charm which I think it but right To ponder all day, and to dream of all night; And I shout as I suddenly wake in a fright, Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee! I've bought my dear wifey a Jubilee hat; Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee ! Forty-two shillings-well, rather dear, that i Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee I This year with our money it's well to be free (This novel idea please copy from me) ; For never agaiare we likely to see Jubilee, Jubilee, Jubilee ! Jo-KInI, Lambeth. 19.-Dear Sir,-If you can spare your grace, Wi' just a little o' your space, I'd lhke, declining ony race Wi' your aud.timers, Wi' your consent, to tak a place Amang your rhymers. But, if your rules I un'erstan' Ere 1 wi' ease can gan' amanug 'The members o' your riddling thrang, MDy virtues scanty MIun ha' an introduction lang An' nnco' canty. Then knaw, ye merry, rhyming classes " 0' honest lads an' bonny lasses," That ane wha wi' his rhyming passes An honr awa' Will gladly, when he news amasses, Let ye kna'; He owns a wild, uncultured muse, Worth na one's trouble ta abuse; lie also owns a dampened fuse 0' poesy's flame, Whas spluttering flame he'll frequent use I' verses tame. He knaws na Latin, Greek or such. He claims na Irish, Welsh or Dutch, He knaws some French, but 'tis na much; HIowe'er, he ends By knowing fellow-rhymer's touch Gains faithfu' friends. J. K., 1lIiddlsborongh. DECAPITA'TIONS. (Drop the first letter of ~ word, leaving aunother word.) 0.-M arion, sweet Marion, our " Tournament's " queen, A s clever a maiden we riddlers have seen, R ight gladly we hail thee, while shouts of delight I ssue forth in thy praises-a tribute of might. O h, first of our chivalry, naught caut express N e'er one-half of our joy at thy well-earned success. T hy genius, unmarred, still shines as of old- A star of fair beauty, its riches untold; Y our standard of fame second not to the dust, L est the armour grow dim and be sullied by rust. O h, queen of the " Tourney," our latnces we bend R ight gladly in homage to Young Folks' old friend. NELLIE WATsON, Cheshunt. 21.-" Isn't first a lovely colour ?" Said a dealer to a friend. "It is the finest salmon That e'er made a fishrod bend." - Yes, he's flue; but what's next price ?" " Two shillings a pound," said he. "No wonder it blushes, then; He's proud of his price, you see." CoLoaA O'D. 22.-My first sails on the sea; If you this word behead, I'm certain that you'll find A part of you instead. H. CARTsER, DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another wor i.) 23.-Let them sing of first cricket and tennis, While Rugby remains for the brave, Their croquet, la crosse, and their hurling Are fit to put chaps in their grave. But, oh, the delights of the scrimmage! The tumbling and shoving about, The kick and the run and the tackle, Are meant to make lads merry shout. And the songs and the toasts at the dinner Are enough to make every one friends, And the cheers and good wishes at parting Show the way that next game ever ends. A. R. STRITCH AND I. CLEAacHos, SQUARE WORDS. 24.--Fist spy a spicey kind of thing; And second, first of slain; A prison third to you will bring; And prisoatly you will obtain From fourth a measure very plain. T. P. COnLI-G, London.