RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM.
(she attarof a word ts ch, rnd to form another word in the p0let letter o -narrfttiveJ. .I've lately noticed in the " T.," while glancing down tbePagh' of different nations there the riddling Tnt knuigSage ld Ireland represented well, so are the Scottish daleso. comes a riddle from the gallant little Hat seldom :Wales. fs strange that ancient Cambria, the land of bards and Does not produce among her heights a band of riddlers tvaes, the Muse has fled from those fair western Vai e, will fight for the fair fame of gallant little Wales. lanboe and Patrick S. the Irish flag unfold, Cotburnu, too, has drawn his sword his Ireland to t scarce a voice from Severn's banks the " Tourney " mrarFhal hails, Ad I'm the only riddling knight from gallant little Wales. lhhas drawn his gleming sword fair Scotia's fame to And Ilillir Caledoni's name is now upholding well; Pc not a bard here is inspired by Cambria's rushing d none sustain the glory of the gallant little Wales. Iproclaim to all ye knights that in the lists I stand, And will uphold a Welshman's fame 'gainst all the riddling baed; Above my head the nation's flag, the great Red Dragon, sails, Ald I have sworn not to forsake the cause of gallant Wales. Arise, ye knights of Cambria's land, and gather close arund, et lancein rest and draw the sword, and firmly stand your ground; Blench not before the fiercest of the" Tourney's" warlike gales, -emember Arthur's lastingfame and gallant little Wales. HERCULES, Llandaff. NARRATIVE DELETION. rop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narralive.) .-A vision of wonderness, fear, and delight Filled my gaze as I entered, one very cold night, Tce portals of Diatle's mystical cell, On a special invite to a visit to-well, Ihired me a hack, and I bade him to go To a place very dark which was down, down below; And he nodded and winked with express joy and glee, Asbe saw floatini round him a very big fee. Thoes Istopped at the doors of King Mepho.'s dark house, And felt very much like the very small mouse Who paid to the cat a short visit, just so, And fell into that cavity which ejaculates " Meow !" Well, the doorkeeper opened the gates very wide, And bowed very meekly when I got inside; And I left him my hat, and my gingham as well, lAd a happy impress of a very flue swell. "(b this way," he exclaimed, in a mortified tone, "There is company present-the king's not alone." And Ileft him a fee of a few coins of pelf, ,Not forgetting, of course, to leave him to himself. As I entered the door I was struck with surprise, dad somebody's fist, which shook hands with my eyes; For there I saw, seated in front, on a throne, Crnol Iercian, feeding on wine and a scone; don his right side was Le Diable grim, And on his left crouched Mephistopheles dim; And around him his elves full many a score, Who greeted my entrance with many a roar. "Good eve to you! " greeted my host, with a grin, When he'd partially stopped the infernal loud din; "Ifyou'll just wait a minute while I have my tea, o.'ll greatly oblige and will gratify me I" Then he called his Black Prince to his side with a roar. "Let our visitor have a nice seat on the floor -o list to the meeting which now shall be called. Let's proceed !" be exclaimed, or I'd better say "bawled." But, oh, no! 'twas enough for a mortal like me, And I hastily through the big exit did flee; Then, as I once more up into the street fell, I eclaimed, "Well, I'm deuced! but that eoas a great (s)cell!" S. DE BEat. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) '0-Oh, turn not from me! My poor heart is breaking, And yearning for the touch of your fair hand, lylast fond hope from me, love, you are taking. (And such confounded nonsense I won't stand.) Why do you gaze so scornfully upon me ? MIy heart, my love, my life are all for thee. You call me false ? Nay, sweet one, there you wrong me. (By George! this comes of going on the "spree.") What have I done that you should turn in final, A.n cnll me evervthing, dear, but divine ? ,who would shield you from the slightest primal. (Oh, what a tartar is this wife of mine I) Forgive me, dearest, if I've hurt your feelings, And dimmed your starlike eyes with blighting tears; Infntnre i'll consult you in all dealings. (Although just now I'd like to box your ears!) BHsbands and wives, you know, sh, uld never " row," dear, i e': storms are full of trouble, dark and deep, Th us kiss, and umake it up just now, dear. (The saints be praised! she now has gone to sleep !) NELLIE WATSOar, Cheshaut. OMEGRAMI. (Th0 lastletter of a word is chanted to form anotheor wrd.) 4.-The witching hour had come to hand, Grim silence reigned throughout the laud, When, lo a blast came from a band- 'Twas Germans; The primal Eas ; whereat our Dan Went forward when the noise began, And offered them, oh, silly man, Some sermon ! "Hold, retched men! thy torture stay, esist from sin this very day I" He said their music with dismay Hadfilled him. To preach he did begin again- Two words he uttered, all in vain; When bang ! the trombone struck his brain, " And killed him. i moral we would teach you all: It is that "'reachers have a fall I" So if those Germans your street reach, Tae our advice, and do not preach. EH AND APOSTRaOPnE, E NIGMIA. '5.'I'm in thegolden setting sun, And in the falling I,,i,. " Towards the night, wlhen day is done, I'm in the reaper's grain. I'n always with the rising moon, Apnd ehisiii,, stars beyond; Im never hte,.I'm always soon, Ant spnrllO in'the pdoi, C, F. BLAucr Un..
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (Obange the first letter of a word to tfrm another word, expressed In the narrative.) 6.-Dear Fred, a bright idea at last has struck me-such a blow ! A subject for a con. just found I'll now proceed to show. For years I've puzzled been, and still my mind this subject vexes: I want a list complete of all the crazes of the sexes. If you will kindly help, old pal, we'll show them up a few- The crazes old as Adam and the crazes that are new; We'll give them all, and if we can, create shame in the breast Of those who exercise each craze; then should we not be blest ? A craze I've never witnessed, but of which I've oft been told, Is that of finding out the way to make a heap of gold By transmutation (oh, what a word !) of baser metal-tin; The craziest idea, I thinlk, th it ever man put faith in. Another craze, pray me excuse, 'tis practised by the ladies. To say the next few words Ism sure Apostrophe afraid is; However, Fred, old man, here goes, invoke a blessing on it, The craze I mean is that they have each year anew spring bonnet. The crazes that predominate in "lovely woman's" mind Are merely on a level with those of the other kind; And the empty-headed, childish "dude," ne'er seen without a stick, Has at-ajned the height of mortal joy when he's a knob to lick. Then he's another fav'rite craze, to wear a "masher" collar- To extirpate this monkey tribe I'd pay my "bottom dollar :" For who can see the patent boots which they delight in wearing, And, holding feelings of disgust, restrain themselves from swearing P Another craze adored by fools is that of aping wise By looking soft and arguing with strings of foolish lies, And talking with assumed conviction of the latest comet, Or of the latest prophecy by some new-born iMahomet. 'Twould fill a pond'ronus volume to enumerate each notion That in succeeding seasons cause the masher world commotion; Each year the ladies' dress assumes a look of "coat and trousers," A style that will, I feel quite sure, to indignation rouse us. APoSTitOPrE AND F. JOHNSON. 7.-Gathering shells beside the sea, Oh but a maiden fair was she! With rippling curls of glorious gold, And eyes-nh I when she raised them, told What words could never tell to me. A theme for poet's melody, A soul of perfect putiry Within a form of perfect mould, Gathering shells. The wavelets danced to shore in glee, And soom-how there it chanced that we Along the shore torct or strolled. I see her yet, thoneh years have rolled- My wife, my little Emily, Gathering shells. GYPiaE AND FAERIE. METAGRAMS. (Chance the first letter of a wor tto form anotiher wor.) 8.-A hero comes, renowned in tale of old, Renowned in that great tale which Homer told, Renowned as one who for his country fought, And met his fate just as a warrior ought.. Protected by the gods for nine long years, I dared in battle front the Grecian spears; My chariot thundered on the Dardan plain, My horses trampled on the foembn slain. The " bravest first of Priam " was I named, And for my skill in battle justly famed; I was the hope of Troy, her strength and shield- Had I but lived, her fate had not been sealed. The Grecians fled like sheep before my arms, And when they saw me great were their alarms; They dreaded Hector, and they feared his lance, And trembled when they saw his car advance. Great Zeus, enthroned on Monno' Olympus' height. Looked down, and from his station viewed the fight- Saw Troy advanc ng, and the Greeks retreat, And doomed that EHector there his doom should meet. Then stern Achilles cast the fatal spear, Ended the days of one devoid of fear; My brother's arrow then his life did steal, He vulnerable only in his heel. But now, good riddlers, shall I enter here, Armed only with a last without a spear; I'll join full bravely in each riddling fight, And once more Hector shall be called a knight. HECTOR. 9.-I paced in silent mood the busy street, And slowly first amidst the noisy throng; No comfort there my yearning soul could meet Where heedless thousands passed in haste along. I thought of ages famed in tale and song, When banners streamed and weapons glittered bright; My soul arose on fancy pinions strong To realms of air, when, lo! before my sight Uprose in armour dressed a tall and stately knight. High in one hand he held his glittering sword, His white plume fluttered in the breeze upborne, And ever and anon he proudly poured Notes of defiance from a silver horn. Upon his polished mail the b, amts of morn Like fiery fah.4-s flickered to and fro; And as I looked methought he eyed with scorn The wondering crowd that round him 'gan to flow, And ever as he next did great and greater grow. "And who art thou ?" in eager tones I cried. " What dost thou here when all thy race is dead ? And knowest thou not thine age of might and pride- Thine age of love and war-thine age has fled ?" Just then, " Use only Puffer's soap," he said, "To clean your hardware, whether coarse or fine;" Then took his gleaming helmet from his head: "Just cast your eyes upon this hat of mine, 'Twas Puffer's soap that made this iron toggery shine !" CorDosesurs. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of orss words that are Roman numterals expressed in fOures.) Foundation Veords. 10.-Though in the darkest caves of earth, Unknown, unseen, we had our birth, Yet when by man we're brought to light How pure our lustre, and how bright !' Cross Words. 601 and e With these a game you play. 1,502 ,, o In ev'ry tongue 'tis found. 151 ,, ea A lady's name, you'll say. 1,050 ,, rao Firm in your mouth 'tis bound. 51 ,, h apeo 'This poor, mad girl was drowned. 50 ,, eamnut To either side give way. 1,006 ,, a He on the harp would play. DIatNA, Cork. TRANSPOSIT TON. (Transpose the lette a in a word tao form another wvord.lI 11.-Take a word of letters five, Used in poetry; Now transpose, and have instead Work performed for thee; Again transpfse-good-bye, sweetheart, For nobw, at [st, it means to 1trt. PiADEI A,
META.OIMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 12.- No first I know, though on the seasons roll- "The feast of reason, and the flow of soul I" Yclept our "' Tourney;" for the M uses frown, And all my hopes in unrhy med strophes drown, Ah, liht. Mephisto, ere my halting verse Fails altogether, or grows worse and worse- List ere Prose settles on my drooping pen, "Sits on my chest," and gibbers. Woful then, "Like sweet bells jangled," cracked, and out of tune, I'plain my sorrows to the wild.eyed moon; And thou, old comrade, o'er the riddle pause, " I wrote a con.-" Woe worth the day," " ah, me i"- The Muses leave me, and thou art the cause. I wrote a con., sir, in support of thee- Upheld thy title, proved thee perfect knight, Bade all pay homage to the rising light, Blithely smiled, laughed, talked of thorns and burrs To him who would deprive thee of thy spurs. Then came the shock. What think ye, who read this- The subject of my verse had proved a miss I A miss I Distraught, I quiver 'neath the shock, Pens, ink, and paper all my efforts mock. A miss I-oh, Mitchell, do you think you'd know That de'il again you talked to down below? Lord Robert, stay-a neL within your ear- Why can't your deuce, if deuce he be, appear? For still undaunted till such advent dark, I'll hold my deuce is masking for a lark. "My nobles leave me!" Stop, I'm mixed. "'Tis hard." So was that line-but "pity your poor bard." F. FORRESTEIR. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another wcrd, expressed In the narrative.) (The Bobby's Lament.) 13.-Oh, Mary Jane, oh, Mary Jane, I'm thinking still of thee ! Oh. could you feel my hlart's sad pain, You'd surely think of me. Do you remember, love, the day Our lips in kisses met ? You vowed that you'd be mine for aye- Shall ever I forget ? Ah, I remember well, my dear, That if you went to shop, When you returned you brought some beer, Likewise a mutton chop. All this you did for me, my dear; Oh, for the days gone by I When at the corner you did meet Me with a rabbit pie. But, there, 'tis o'er. I sadly roapn, No more to feel thy kiss; For I to-day have left my home To wed another miss. E. GEoRor, London. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 14.-Howl, howl, howl- Small boy, raise your thorax and howl. Oh, sing your song o'er while I watch from my door, And indignantly frown, fret, and scowl; Your voice trembles sweetly and quivers with joy, Discordant and reckless unmusical boy I Oh, pray do not think you were born to annoy, But howl, howl, howl. Slope, slope, slope- Small boy, drown your music and slope. Oh, tarry no more, lest I dart from my door With a thick piece of stiff-knotted rope. Think not to depart leaving dear ones behind, To linger where joys (?) are, oh, be not inclined, But strangle your music and be of the mind To slope, slope, slope. Stump, stump, stump- Small boy, though I've gout I can jump. You kept up your howl and derided my scowl So your head on the ground I will bump, Till covered with bruises and aching all e'er You swear a deep oath that you'll " warble" no more; Then I'll leave you to moan and writhe on the floor, And st-imp, stump, stump. Oh, oh, oh!- Smoll boy, you're a terrible foe I With a fiendish grin you inserted a pin, And I squatted undignified low. Your cheek is immense, and to me it appears That are and infirmity call forth your jeers; But I'll go to your pa, and he will cause tears To fl.oh, fl-oh, l-oh ! SWITZER AND VAN BusG. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-Beyond the steep A shining light Brings frowning cliff and scaur to sight, Beyond the height. Beyond the hills A brigand band F'irst noisy last and revel grand, Beyond the hills. Beyond the mind A fruitful brain Brings forth its wondrous products vain, Beyond the mind. Beyond the sky A loving band Live in a bright, celestial land, Beyond the sky. S. A. DE BEAR AND E. J. SCHOFIELD. DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 18.--Onr Irish friend, Patrick S., finds that his leisure Is now taken up by the problem he's solving; For rarely do we in the " T." have the pleasure Of reading a con. of his. P'r'aps he's evolving Some startling proposal anent that old spade That seems with his writings the deuce to have played. Sam Wood, once you wrote in these "Tournament" pages, And merry and bright were the cons. that you sent; Queen Marion classed you amongst her best sages, But now you have gone. Is your ardour all spent ? Take pity upon last, and work once again, Your first, silent, dormant, too long now has lain. DnorFFo, London. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop two letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-Oh, where, oh, where is my ladye-love ? Oh, where, oh, where, can she be ? For many an hour I've waited, my dove, Yet thou conmes not to me. But, alas and alack I here comes a mad bull, And I take to my heels in despair; But that bull in a manner barbarously cruel Sends me scudding aloft in the air. VAN VOGELAAR AND RED GAUNTLET. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wvord. 18.-My jfir.t is a kind of bull; My secoid is poison, you'll see- My .whole is a plant. You are full O(If wit if you'g essthisfor me. Loa T~crsnar.'gr-n, London,
NARRATIVE MONO.ADDITION. (A mono'yllable which, when resolving an addition in sound, still remanls a monosyllable but with a different meaning, ex- pressed in the earrative.) 19.-K,d friends. I'v. wondered many times and oft Why men should point me out and slyly laugh, And youngsters hold me up to ridicule. Oh, can it be that I'm considered " s.oft," That I should be a target for their chaugh P And yet I can't believe myself a fule, For I'm not-no, I'm not i Dear friends, I've wondered many times and oft Why longest-eared and thickest-headed mule Is rarely made a butt for senseless jokas, While I- But. ah I when I have soared aloft, Then I'll no longer be those jokers' trule, Whom I consider dashed insulting fokes, Though they're not-no, they're nqtI Perchance they deem me " gone " because my head Is just two feet in depth from cr,,wn to chin, My height no more than three feet six, all in. What's more, my hair's in curls and awfus red, But wny should this my peace to flame consine P If 'twere real fun I guess I'd sorter grin, But it's not-no, it's nut! TaE BLACK PsINCE, Manchester. NARRATIVE DUAGRAI. (Change the first two letters of a w,-rd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 2.d-I noticed in the " Tournament," not very long ago, Sir Marmalade the Mildewed both the proper names did show Of Boozle and O'Raherty, those very comic two- That they were Cale and Andrews, I previously knew. But in the latter portion of the riddle by this knight, He said all noses de plumne he shortly meant to put to flight, Exeept the one he owned himself, and that he would retain; I thought this, oh, so kind of him to speak to us so plain. Sir Marmalade the Mildewed, your earthly course is run, Though in the time you've been with us a great thing you have done, And in return I'm going to show your true name, please don't scoff, O, For you are neither more nor less than the now well. known Droffo. I)RYDnIOG. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMt. (Change the two last letters of a word to form unother rwod in tile narrative.i 21.-I have nothing to do to-night, sir, But play with my fingers and thumbs; So I'll try if I cannot write, sir, A riddle to please all my chums. I trust that you will not refuse it, But, hang it! I'm at my wits' end; My pen is cross-nibbed, I can't u:se it, And my ink I've lent to a friend. Now what must I do? I'm heartbroken- To borrow a pen I have tried; But, oh, ere the words have been spoken, Alas! I was qnickly denied. You see, th,,ugh it was my intention To write you a bright l.y, I think I may as well candid y mention I cannot without pen and i, k. APOLLO, Warrington. ACROSTICS. (Aword,or words, formed of Ihe inital letters of other wsorl.) Foundation Words. 22.-Primal is a Scottish poet, greatest of that country's band, Whose sweet songs of Truth and Freedom are well known o'er all the land; Who, though but a humble ploughman, won a wreath of lasting fame Which shall be, through countless ages, woven round his honoured name. Cross Words. This is acknowledged the sweetest of flowers; This is a bird of remarkable powers; This is what every soliier should be; This is a part of the day loved by me; This to be is the chief hope of the ago; This is a riddler who writes for this page; '1' i is a colour oft seen in the sky; This I am always when rhyming I try; This is what I wish the apples were now This they are when such, I know you'll aipow; Last with this riddle I am i can vow. WILD nBIAa, Lamplugh, Founedation Word. 23.-Oh, dear I! how we flurry and heartlessly worry This very great friend of ours-patient man he, To whom we send questions and endless suggestions That really must be quite amusing to see. Cross Words. A mighty bird of prey; The iirut of every day; A clever " Tourney " knight; A splendid naval fight; Part of the Y. F. P.; A flower, fair to see. CAROLINE HOLLOWAY. Foundation Word. 24.-To none a friend, to all a bitter foe, And those that touch me often do regret it; I cause much pain and sadness where I go, And those that feel my sting seldom forget it. Cross Words. Without my first no second is complete, My second forms a part of every fleet. Sometimes a coin, at other time a weight; Two things at once. What am I? Readers state. A KNIGHT FBoM OtUL Tows. HIDDEN POETS' NAMES. 25.-" Jack, will you kindly lend me this pen ? " Cer. tainly, my dear fellow." The Mansaon House has been ransacked by the rioters. I happened to meet Jake at Sutton station yesterday. Lieutenant Cole rid General Spry of his fetters. Philip opened the bag, and took therefrom his bat, stumps, and ball. I met Miss de Thrupp in Dartmouth last week, Although the fine was but a sou, they could not pay it. Mr. Matup personated a brigand at the masked ball.-SEAsTAR, Brockley. 46--~-----