RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATION.
L.-What a glorious Double Number We have here before our eyes I While we read this charming prize, let no troubling thoughts arise, Nor dull care ,cr joy encumber. Daily is our staff increasing. For our friends throughout the land, For the bards who nobly stand Foremost in our riddling band, Let our primals be unceasing. Come, then, riddlere, next your voices In a hearty, joyful sheer For our Editor so dear, For his friendship every year; Make the land ring with rejoices. Let the air resound with gladness At the goodly cons. and jokes Always found within Young Folks, And which laughter oft provokes, Banishing all thoughts of sadness. Do not let the primals slumber, But by kindly word and thought Thank the House in Red Lion Court For the lessons they have taught, And this Autumn Double Number. MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ENIGMA. 2.-Literia's broad, palatial land Owns one fair mansion still existent, Still rearing up. imperial, grand, To Time's destroying grasp resistant. Long years may flow, And ages grow, But tower will top the turret's height And walls extend from site to site, Defying foe l Within soft melody is found, Sweet music from poetic lyres, Whose burning words the passions sound, And still, or rouse, the human fires. From floor to spacious, arching vault Quadrupled rows of pillars rise, And span the space without a halt, Proud stateliness to symbolize; And flashing in pellucid rays Of iridescent, lustrous light, Close-clustering jewels richly blaze In chaplets round the marble height. And, oh, within that pillared hall What life.drawn scenes have been enacted I Of virtue's triumph, vice's fall, And gallantry to love attracted; Of lives well spent in chaste delight, Protected by angelic ruling; Of dark dissembling, blackness, night, O'ermatched by calm and patient schooling. Harmonious pictures deck the wall, And lend a life to stony places; Artistic touch events recall, Involving dear, familiar faces. Apart, two humbler columns spring (But still a noble arch upholding), Whose strange, intricate patterns cling In mazy, emblematic moulding. Nos NAInz. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-Lightly the summer rain dimples the river, Stirring the lily leaves down in the dell; Still on the pathway the soft shadows quiver, Just where you stood when I bade you farewell. Gaily you smiled as I stood, stricken-hearted, Vainly imploring you, darling, to stay; Light was your step as you turned and departed, Light as the love firsts that lured you away. So let it be, but henceforth and for ever Closed be my eyes to affection's soft thrill. Come, my good xt, thou deceivest me never- Thou, and thld nly, art true to me still I Now to thepl ., where war's legions will rally; Swift,then,andsure may death's messenger prove- Soon lay me low 'neath the clods of the valley, Resting for aye from ambition or love I J. A. G. MAsnHaLL. CURTAILMENT. 4.-While this little con. I'm writing, Dearest Ed., I am inditing In a faint but fickle hope that you'll take pity on my moans, For I saw-yes, in your paper (Here I cut a joyful caper), That you are not represented by a single "poet" Jones. Now I've first this little lay, sir, With my efforts do not play, sir; Or, mind, you'll read of me some day, with mingled tears and groans, How he next went, and is raving Through a' certain frantic craving In the " Tournament " to find a place with name in full of "Jones 1" Tax ONLY JoNES. DELETION. 5.-On a log in a bog Sat a grave old frog, While playing about, and all agog With mirth and glee, were his children three- A fine, amphibious family. Looking grave, as he gave, With a month like a cave, An awfully first and unmusical stave, The old frog sung (?) the reeds among, And soou with the chorus the marshes rung. But a next, who, athirst, Had his legs immersed To drink-how sad it should be rehearsed!- Stepped, with ponderous tread, on the poor frog's head, And the croaking ceased, with the croaker dead. D. G. HOLMES. DECAPITATION. 6.-Kind friends, when you are cross, I guess, Or when you are in some great distress, I'm seen upon your face. For next just to a cloister go, Observe the monks, and then, I trow, You quickly it will trace. And now for third what shall I say? Why, it's a bird not seen in day, But flies about at night I And yet another clue I'll tell: Its eyes are large, and clear as well; Its plumage is not bright. H. R. . PRsToN, Kennington. OMEGRAM. CHAPTER I. 7.-A poem I'll write, sirs, Dame Fortune I'll fight, sirs I don't think it right I should be an "unknown;" Or else I'll try prose, sirs. I might-why (who knows, sirs P), I might grace-in the far.distant future-a throne, CHAPTER n. A primal I've written, And every sage Briton Has showered success on my efforts thus far. I'm quoted, I'm fated, With joy I'm elated; In literature I'm a regular star. CHAPTER III. What's this ? I am waking ! Success is forsaking This terribly-wretched and sorrowing bard. It was only a dream, sirs; Things are what they seem, sirs- I'm not yet a second. Well, isn't this hard ? M. . HIxvTTIr. CONUNDRUM. 8.-A conundrum I now will expound, Which, if you can't guess, you're-well, green. What is it that has a known name, Yet never was known, heard, or seen ? Maearu D., Portsea,
TRIPLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 9.-Pharaoh von Blacher was little in stature ; Pharaoh von Blucher was thin in proportion. Pharaoh's relations declared that Dame Nature Had made P. von B. a decided abortion. You'd surmise that his eyes were in size a surprise, And each one looked over the nose to its neighbour. And such a nose I Foes vowed that blows or sharp snows Had smashed, "bashed," and squashed it until you'd suppose That it ne'er had been-well-er-let's say, human smeller, And that now to wear it was really hard labour. But, stay I these defects, sir, were banished-all vanished Beside his absurd and outrageous mouth, Which was so uncouth that east, north, west, and south Were described when he parted his lips, from which started A tongue so enormously long that 'twere wrong To suppose that it measured than fourteen feet less. And as for his dress, as the Yanks say, I guess And calculate, too, that, to see the material, You'd venture to own that that dress was aerial, For 'twas chiefly fresh air; and how mortal could wear Such a mixture of tatters and rags, I declare, Was a mystery to me, as it ever will be To all those who chance to know Pharaoh von B. Such, then, was the picture of this human "caution," Of whom harsh Dame Nature had made an abortion So by this you will know him, if e'er in the future You happen to come across Pharaoh von Blucher. BARNETT DE BEiaR BETAGRAM. 10.-An archery meeting the scene-I don't know The time nor the place-and there, swinging her bow, The fair Agnes Archer was standing by side Of the manly B. Butt, who gazed at her with pride. The manly B. Butt said, " On making bull's.eyes You are bent." But he started, in blushing surprise, When Agnes the Fair replied, " True; and I know That on making sheep's-eyes you are bent, my dear bean I' B. Butt, manly, gallant, gave back joke for pun. " You call me your bean, as you often have done, But I think I'm an arrow, for you, Agnes fair, Have put in a quiver poor me, I declare I" B. Butt was so nervous and glad-first of joy- That he hithered and thithered just like a big boy, And, somehow, in front of the target he got, And-" My love l" said fair Agnes. " He last 1 He is shot 1" B. Butt he was gallant (third verse, just above), So he calmed his fair sweetheart by whispering, " Love, 'Twas stupid tar.get in the way; but my nose, Which your arrow just grazed, indubitably shows That you did bit the (s)center!" " A very near scrape," Said some, and quoth others, " A (n)arrow0 escape I" W. J. SHAirA. OMEGRAM. l1.-I've followed the footsteps of many a youth, In the earnest endeavour to grapple with truth, But, somehow or other, I copied too much The object, in which I endeavoured to clutch. His ways have been fearfully, dreadfully mean, With that objectionable first I've been seen, Till I've fancied, with grief, I've been sadly deranged, And heartily wished my demeanour was changed. I followed the footsteps of one very " deep," And gained mny apprenticeship horribly cheap; I traded on friendship, and netted the spoils, Set true, honest friends in perpetual broils. The mischief I made, sirs, soured many a life, Yet my victims' respect for my person grew rife. The poison I secretly dropped in each ear Convinced ev'ry one I was madly sincere, And the one who had taught me the " tricks of the trade" Grew jealous of all the successes I made ! So we parted in hatred-a happy relief, For I struggled again to " turn over a leaf." While, artfully mean, I once more had a try To copy a youth who was not " over-shy;" I borrowed whenever a shilling was seen, But if some refu-ed they were cruelly mean I This youthful companion awakened at last My just indignation's most withering blast, 80 we happily parted in mutual disgust, And thought of the happiness found in the just. I turned-so did he-anud all honour, I say, To the mind that condemneda dishonourable trait. Last, reader, how nice to be noble and true, And respected by all as this life you go through I T. W. KIzTCHNB. CHARADE. 12,-My first ever rides on the billowy wave, And by Neptune's decree she will often behave In manner both noble and fearless and brave To those in the deepest distress. Through the blackest of danger she'll merrily go, Ih bile her mates cheer her on with a hearty " Heave.oh I" She will ever respond to those laden with woe, And make their hard burdens seem less. How many a second has sent up a prayer, And grasped the bold total in ecstasy there, Soon after that wild, frenzied leap in the air To the haven of safety and rest I How many a mother has blessed my rough form As I snatched her away from the wild, howling storm, Mayhap with a babe kept so lovingly warm To that unselfish motherly breast I H. R. RAxx. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Founldations Words. 13.-A noted tale in primals see, Well known to you as well as me; It is so very, very gay, It will drive all your care away. The author of this funny tale You'll see in finals, without fail. He was as good as he was great, But he has shared the common fate. Cross Words. We had a first the other day In Sir Claude's wood-we were all gay. An ailing one this means, I'm sure, One that the doctor has to cure. Part of America you'll see, Or ought to do, in number three. What means facility curtail, And fourth you will have without fail. How nice it is to fifth along A country road the fields among) My sixth means anger, passion great; Now, what it is you please will state. The milkman uses next, I ween; Upon his yoke 'tis often seen. A pledge of love that's known to you, In last of all will come to view. J. C. COLLc.IER, MONOPIIONE. 14.-Knights and ladies, bow now made is By your servant humble. And I'll never-hardly ever- Give you cause to grumble. Clever you are-very few are Blessed with gifts so various (My first chances, handling lances, Seem to me precarious), And the story of your glory
o wLU vyL uuness people; High your name as, and your fame as, Next upon a steeple. All your brightness and politeness From my heart shall never fade; Not for ages in these pages Shall your glory ever fade. HORxAC W., Brighton. METAGRAM. 15.-Upon the first we had a sail, But met with quite a heavy gale. A garden implement here scan. What is it, say, friends, if you can. This riddle is so very poor, 'Twill last you smile-of that I'm sure. S. W. HazTEs Worcester.
DECAPITATION. 16.-I have wondered and I've pondered, As through leafy glades I've wandered; I have quivered, and I've shivered With a dismal, unknown dread. Is't a germ of hidden madness? Is it misery or sadness ? No; but 'tis an awful feeling O'er me stealing. Through my pain-racked first 'tis reeling, Like a dim and shadowy ghoul, Racing, darting through my soul, Like a spirit from the dead; Coming through the gath'ring gloom, Like a shadow from the tomb, Leaving me so sad and tearful, Horror-stricken, wretched, fearful, Madly groaning, Sadly moaning, Low my wretched fate intoning Tearfully and sadly wailing, With my spirit low and failing, And my tears slowly dropping, Never ceasing, never stopping, Next-like falling on the pavement; And I yell-that is, I "rave" meant- For 'tis not as I expected- All my cons. have been rejected! A QUILLE PENNI. OMEGRAM. 17,-Joe Jenkins, a mischievous boy, His parents' sole object of joy, Had arrived at that age When preceptor and sage Begin a boy's time to employ. So Joseph's fond father, arrayed In first-coloured breeches, home made, In the next took his son, That small boy full of fun, To school, in gay, pompons parade. The master received poor Joe, A third on Joe's pa did bestow, Who then told him, quite fast, Roon to teach Joe to last, Then off, with a flourish, did go. PHLoan. MONOPHO N E. 18.-In the east the sun is rising, Night surprising, Forcing her to fly before First by which her robes are riven, Backward driven, While the larks to Nature's dome upsoar. Stands a woman, wildly weeping, Vigil keeping By a tiny, new.made grave, Praying that the bright immortals Ope their portals, That through them her child may entrance have. Then the radiant sunbeams cleaming O'er her streaming, Faith and hope next in her breast, Till she leaves her useless sighing, Bravely crying, " She has gained from toil eternal rest." COULSON AND SPARLING. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. e'oldation Words. 19.-Sing to the praise of Britain's soldiers true, And their brave allies in the contest fierce, Though now no shells the ground around them strew, And musket balls no longer whiz to pierce I Cross Words. Unenviable the fame he gained; The story of a power obtained; A relic of a former flame; Oh, what can we from time reclaim I A useful adjunct to a door; Its power we mu-t all deplore; In which each tradesman takes a pride ; 'lis sporting by its mother's side. A. H. SCALES. METAGR A M. 20.-" Oh. dear, I love you 1" thus he cried. " Return my first-oh, do 1" And heartlessly the maid replied, " I've got no love for you." " I ask your hand, my next," he said; "'Tis easily bestowed." Her hand flew swiftly to his head, Which threw him in the road. Alas I when he came up again, Oh, what a sight was there I His costly suit, where he had lain, Thick marks of mud did bear. He did not stop to say good night; His tongue for once was mute. He thought, and sure he thought aright, That smack had spoiled his suit. F. WALLIS, Swindon, ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 21.-Music, who can tell Thy power O'er the human heart I As thou sooth'st an Aching bosom First lies sorrow's dart, Raising thoughts next, tender Yearnings For the good and true, In our youthful Lives to teach us Noble deeds to do. Oh, the music of that Organ Even now I hear, Never ceasing, still Repeating Plecious thoughts so dear! C. R. BAMBOROUGH, Byker. ANAGRAMS ON STATESMEN. 22.-You'll get no lads to do your work So long as you your duties shirk. I think A. Jones will do for me, Or D. Lamb, rough as he may be. If I should write, why, for a fact, 'Twould be of Daniel C.'s brave act. No, Master Plon, it is not fair; You've much more than your proper share. Oh, yes, I thought that more he'd do. And Frank's was but a low leap, too. He bet C. Tob would win the race, But Stringer ran and won first place. DARE KNIGHT, Southwark. CHARADE. 23.--Young Folks' riddlers, draw ye near, So that my tale you all can hear. 'Tis of a friend unto me dear, Whose name is Bob. I know you'd pity, could yon hear Me sigh and sob. With gentle first he'd welcome me, When I came home to take my ten, And look as pleased as pleased could be, My dear old Bob. b. Alas I that I should mourn for thee With tear and sob. My eyes are last with tears that flow, For he is total, you must know, And I his welcome must forego. But what of that P I'll stuff thee, Bob I Iacill do so, My bonny cat I T mr'Wrr,
SQU ARE WORDS. 24.-Some bards are famous for their firsts, And very justly, too- Or riddles, say; as thus implied, It may be me or youn Nor rout, nor ball, and yet a kind Of entertainment's name Where the elect are nightly seen, To which, maybe, you third have been- Its title will proclaim. The miser shows, with meanness rife, This only passion of his life, Uninfluenced by shame. Seek, then, a gem of certain kind, And it, no doubt, will bring to mind My last you have to name. EPsILON.
ACROSTICAL BETAGRAM5 25.-M y humble verse conveys unto you A tiny first of praise, fond and true. R ippling through them in each place, I n thy clever cons. I trace O nly pretti. ess and grace, bright as dew. N o lady nexting band now have we, T hough amongst the knights still stand two or three, A nd to thou who'st never faltered, Y ears still leaving thee unaltered, L et the champions so brave bend the knee. O h, that deserved success may thy efforts ever bless, B ight heartily I wish unto thee. NELLIE COULSON, BOW. DECAPITATION. 2G.-The great Giant Gobble rose up, one fine day, And called for his usual victim By way of a breakfast, but, strange 'tis to say, As on first huge table the manikin lay, All ready for Gobble to gobble away, With plenty of seasoning, a la Fraticais, His gigantic conscience pricked him. He mused and he pondered, with finger to head (For he was a person of knowledge, And had many essays and treatises read; In fact, on huge volumes himself he had fed, While some of his friends, too, had jestingly said That, e'en as he'd practised at eatin good bread, He'd practised at Etoa-a college), And at length last determined he'd eat no more men But go in for civilization; So ordered his wife to procure bullocks ten, And ate them all up-that's a slip of the pen; I should have said dorn--and received, too, the ben. Edictions of all the good people, and then Was loved evermore by the nation I BARNETT us BEAR. ROTATION CHANGE. 27.-I often want a con. to make, And first I always do To have it short, and trouble take To make it fresh and new. Bet very often I do meet With very bad success, And then I this with rage complete For what I don't possess. Young ladies are my third, I know; They can't the charge deny, And if the truth were told, I trow But very few would try. So now this little last I leave With you, and hope that you Will it with proper care receive, And give to it its due. R. MONTroaTr. HTSTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. 28.--"'is in the early Saxon days, Britain a iSaxon king obeys; A Daniish fleet and Danish host Ravish with death the British coast. The king, to save his broad domains, Resolves to massacre the Danes, And so by one dread step to gain His crown, though bought by hnndreds slain. The day arrives, in torrents flows The life-illood of proud Britain's foes; The aged sire, the youthful wife, Both slaughtered in that fearful strife; The stately matron and the maid Close side by side in death are laid; All who can boast of Danish sire eeol the dread wrath of axon ire. Gllhiha, sister of the Dane Who rules in Denmark, fierce King Sweyn, Lies 'tnilst the killed. Burning with ire. T' arenge the daughter of his sire, Sweyn leads to Britain an array, Fierce with desire to burn and slay. Oxford and Winchester both fall, ' And men of Denmark guard the wall; At Bath and London Sweyn is named As king, and soon as king's proclaimed. The Saxon prince, in hurried flight, Seeks refuge at the Isle of Wight. Sweyn dying, Britain's king onhe more Returns to guard his native shore. And's so well backed, that King Canute is forced to seek a homeward route, Soon to return, filled with fresh ire, And end the conquests of his sire. AGRIPPA. NUMERICAL CHARADE. Foundation Word. 29.-The little boys who shout out " Box o' lights I" The pallid girls who fell the pretty flowers; The shoeblack boy who with his neighbour fights, Who reaps a harvest after stormy showers; The beggar who is led by faithful cur; The wretch whose life is certainly not pure; The thief who from the prison cannot stir- All these are slaves of primals, I am sure, Cross Words. 1, 2, 5, 6, A rare old wine This will define; 6, 5, 2, 7, Well known, I hope, Through Alex. Pope; 5, 2, 3, 4, 5, By name Paul Jones, With skull and bones; 1, 5, 7, Now, just you keep Quite still-I'll peep; 1, 2, 2, 5, My coat is torn, And I'm forlorn; 1, 4, 5, 5, 7, A splendid drink, As you will think; 5, 2, 1, 4, I'm fore and aft On ev'ry craft. DAaon AND PrrnTT s. OMEGRAM. 30.-Idly dreaming, idly dreaming, While the golden sun is gleaming Through the meadows, Casting shadows O'er a maiden fair to see, And the little birds, in wonder, Through the boughs that part asunder, Watch the fairy, Light and airy, As she rests beneath a tree. On swift firsts the time is speeding, Still the maiden dreams, unheeding Twilight peeping, Shadows creeping O'er the landscape rich and fair, While upon her nut-brown tresses Plays the next, with soft caresses; Quaint surmising, Quite surprising, Are her castles in the air. MaroN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 31.-At nine p.m., around the fire of peat We gather, and then list to tales so grand, cl.a5ed by Mick Neill, of some great feat Accomplished (so he said) with his own hand. He told us how he fought three Russians brave At Inkermann-killed one of them outright, Fractured the second's pate; the third, to save His life, sought safety in a rapid flight. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy.