RIDDLE_ TOURNAMENT. k [ETA.OMEGRAMS.
.. flierst 5nd lnst letters of a word to form another word.) Oh a sailor went sailing far over the sea, joh, a l of a bright summer's morning, is heart, like the wind, was unfettered and free, all trouble and care he was scorning. ore gazed o'er the waves with a look of fond pride e e As he eagerly cridd, SOh, we'll firt far away with the turn of the tide l" vessel went sailing far over the sea Oa thsbreast of the billows so proudly, d the friends of the mariners stood on the quay Bidding "luck" to the crew cheering loudly. the anchor was raised, while anear and afar he Went a " Hip, hip, hurrah " To the asties as the vessel sailed out of the bar. mother stood gazing far over the sea the billows were raging and tossing, dshe thought of her boy, who that moment might be The rouog, surging ocean-deep crossing; . she sent up to Heaven a low, earnest prayer, As she stood gazing there, That her boy might be guarded by heavenly care. vessel was sinking far over the sea- Slow, yet surely, the vessel was sinking; hile the crew, on a raft floating on steadily, 1f their homes and their loved ones were thinking, dthey sighted a ship ere the daylight was o'er, And the ship towards them bore, And soon they were sailing for England's dear shore. sailor came sailing far over the sea On a benntiful day in next summer, hios mother watched eagerly down on the quay For the happy return of the comer; od soon she was clasped by her brave boy in blue, And his voice husky grew As he said, " Mother darling, I've come back to you." MARIoN AND EoIs. 2.-Ofttimes I wander away to a spot- A country of beauties and treasures, And seldom I meet with sadness or want, The place seems abounding in pleasures. There, oft, affairs seem to be "upside-down "- The folks don't know how to arrange things, And, oh, the laughter and mirth that is caused I For they do, and utter, such strange things I I went to the land a short time ago, In the first month of December, And saw the writers of " Tournament" fame- Say, riddlers dear, do you remember ? And we were as happy as ever could be, I felt that I loved you all dearly, As if you were all related to me, And not faithful " ToUrneyites" merely I The way to this curious country I know, I'll make you all fully aware of ; The journey is easy and pleasant both, There's nothing that one peed beware of. I lay me down on my own little bed, With its old.fashioned crimson curtain, Ishut my eyes-ere five minutes next You would find melin Dreamland for certain! EDITH K. ARNDLE. MONOPHONE. 'i lWordsof ditorent meaning,. brt the same in sound.) -What youth is that ? upon wjiose anxious face Doubt and suspense the searching eye can trace ; Apart from human haunts he pensive stands, Bud grasps a paper in his nervous hands. He lifts it oft, half opens it, and then .Averts his eyes and closes it again. These actions undecided seem to show The paper holds some news he fain would know, Yet which he dare not read; in fact, his state deems that of one who fears to know his fate; Who will not end the tortures of suspense, Lest certainty bring suffering more intense. B:t hark: He breaks the silence. Sad and slow From his dull lips the dreary accents flow: "Eager, yet doubtael, here I stand once more: Will things turn out as they have done before? Alas I fear so, when I think how oft With useless hopes my heart was buoyed aloft; No failure could my resolution bend, For with each fresh reverse fresh lines I penned. New sheets, to London, weekly found their way; Eager I rose each publication day ; Perused with hope the paper; there to find The mocking words, With many thanks declined.' Bat lam weary of these efforts vain; I fear I must an unksiown first remain. My coantless failures truly seem to teach That I am seeking what'I ne'er shall reach. 'ot that I cannot write. My verses are, To some I see in print, superior far; uat fate is Unpropitibus : 'tis decreed That come what may I never shall succeed. 'Gast me the portals of the House of Fame Are strorgly next. My clear poetic flame sust sink in darkness, or dispensa its rays' Where few will mark them, and where none will praise. at ne thing yet remains ere I expel. dearest hopes and bid the muse farewell. Y mind is calm, and I am well prepared If imed how my last piece of verse has fared. If itbas failed, as all have done before, A d'llquit my hopeless task, and strive no more." A eep composure settles on his mind; Firm is his hand, his countenance resigned. As though he reeked not of she crisis nigh, ue scans the paper with unflinching eye. ligden he starts, steps back, and lifts his head; UAliht o'er all his features seems to spread. Once more he stbops and glances down the page; Th comes a shout, but not a shout of rage, ot a ild cry of agony or fright, etta deep outburst of nnfeigsned delight. What wonder he should thus his joy' express; esknows, he feels, the pleasures ot success. Fresh glowing thoughts in his glad soul arise, id show teheir brightness in his sparkling oyesl Shone , he cries, in accents bold and.high ' ons," the deep woods and lofty crags reply; SIechoes loud the hi ll retur his voice, s hough all nature did with him rejoice. AR. GLAsGow, Hull. Tho lastletter o f word is chanred to forme another word.) 4. .Myvust in numbers you will'meet In miy busy London street.'" . ~y neartan-animal will tell- 'Ti ons yo0aall know very well. If g~essed aright, you;l find in third The npise made by a certain bird. This snob, I hose, we'll never see. bmoligg~hd iddlers in our T."T . if, hisn article of dress S. Most used by boys I must confess. , Sthink allriddlers, if they please, *'a F. BAR R Wood GreEn. .Tre .se TRA iSPOSITIOI . 3 6.*A, tow I' . ina word to form another worw'.) ' t°Yn Z rlai; t'ransposod, you'll oan . . . ' . '''''~-'' *;i ±,s l lo-4'P .
NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAIM, (Ohange the first and last letters of a word to form another word. expressed In the narrative.) t.--The outlook from my window is not cheerful, For chimneys in profusion meet the gaze. How often have I seen, with aspect tearful, Objects that could scarcely meet with praise I My den's not in a fashionable quarter, But maybe you've no interest in that; But consolation I might get I thought-er I- My only cup's now smashed by Johnson's cat I That cat has wisely fled, so I'll continue. Down.pouring rain improvement ne'er will make; The children in the street make such nadin, you Would think the Seven Sleepers would awake. And even while I'm writing I can hear them ; How playfully their games they do pursue I Oh, dearly do I love to be so near them- Anotherstone-the tenth-hasjust come through I Those darlings throw their missiles oft erratic, And only two unbroken paues remain ; They live in manner somewhat autocratic- To go to rest 'fore twelve they ne'er would deign. Then often do I solace find in writing, By other means I've never that yet found. Hallo I the Smiths below I hear are fighting-. I'll hurry down and see the final round I J. STocKs, Lambeth. ACROSTIC. (Aword,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. ?.-Far from busy haunts of men he lives, Looking never on a human face; All his hours to goodly acts hq gives, Hoping thus to gain a better place. Fed by Nature with her bounteous store, For his drink he finds thcepringing well; Bird companions flutter ro lnd his door, And their joys and sorrows to him tell. Cross Words. Crowned with victor's g rlands him they bring, And their acclamations rend the air; Songs of triumph in his praise they sing, And his many gallant deeds declare. Some say you will see them on the hill, Clad in bright and glittering array : And their shouts and shrieks the pure air fill, But they disappear at break of day. Sitting on a branch of that great oak, Hast thou evil tidings to declare P Naught is heard but thy rough grating croak. Let me hear what message thou dost bear, Long ago of him I read and heard, How he with his wond'rous arts could bring, By the breathing of a single word, Happiness unmixed or suffering. Towering with thy summit to the skies, Thou dost stand majestic in the sea; Quick from thee the hardy sailor flies, For a hidden danger lies in thee. Cast him from thee, drag him from his place ! He that takes from men their liberty Merits not an hour-a moment's grace; Cast him out while yet ye still are free. IvasHoE, Belfast. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a nord t, form another, expressed in the narratlvc.) 8.-If we were never hungry We should not care to eat- Roast lamb or tender cutlets No more would be a " treat;" For we could pass unheeding The choicest kinds of tmat- If we were never hungry We should not care to eat. If we were always lucky We'd never be " hard up," But every day drink freely From Fortune's golden cup. No more we'd " dine with Humphrey," No more on nothing sup- If we were always lucky We'd never be "hard up." If we were always writing This stupidest of trash, Our friends.would give " Cold shoulder," Or bid us " Go to smash." What editor would aid us With reference or cash, If we were always writing cThis stupidest of trash? C. A. Cooprn. TRIPTICLES. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Tri~tich. 9.-0 isle so green, with brogue so wondrous queer, Why are your sons so disc ntented, say. Is it because your Dublin stout and beer Do now a comp'ny's profits have to pay ? Or is it that you've sons and patriots both, With powers allied so close to old Munchansen, That though to swallow all they say you're loath, You cannot stay the speaker as he roars on ? Or is it that your old Kilkenny cats Have not yet finished off their pretty battle ? Or can it be the fashion of your hats Which causes folk to call you " kittle cattle" ? I'll give this up, aid leave it now to you To solve it, or proceed to number two. First Word. Of this you've had a little in my verse ; Perhaps it's wrong, anid yet 'tie very "noice;" You'll own my caustic verses might be worse In this respect. Come, say so, and rejoice. Second Word. How many folks are this this very day I How many:more may be so e'er to-morrow I How many fall within the endless fray, And end their days in poverty and sorrow i S. MILLs, Birmingham. Triptich. 10.-King Time is a primal whom none can gainsay ; He cannot be conquered, he never gives in; He gladdens the young, and he saddens the grey, , But frightens more grimly those aged in sin. First Word. Oh, where is the merry pantomime That has no iexrt to frighten, Whose plots are foiled by fair ies sweet, Who youthful hearts can lighten ? Second Word. The times are past-the "good old days" Of gallant knights aqd roundelays "Twis then the second's wondrous skill Made Briton's foes feel rather ill. A. STRITCH AND D. TAYLOR. S CHkARAkDiE; (Foremel on a word each syllable of which me a word.m 11.-She whispered to me, " Whoqle your grief ; First will be mine in heaven; . I thither go, in meek.belief T..''tere vimit my childi'u sd~en. hiourned foi' t.i; like ii~ft .r}ytear& 'Fi~i!'oer dmydn'diight,;' : 1-0or could I Jirst withomet my diars,
EN IGMAS. 12.-Behold me, O riddlers, a mystery great, Most eager to ruin, yet swift to create, Whose impulse no power on earth can abate, So firmly established am I. I gave you existence, I keep you alive; Your health and your sickness alike I contrive ; And, when at the last you despairingly strive, 'Tis I that will cause you to die. I raise the proud oak tree, the king of the plain ; Assault him full oft with the pitiless rain; And, finally, in a most merciless vein, I level him down to the ground. I quicken the'lightning, I hasten the gale, I strengthen the strongest, keep healthy'the hale, I slumber unseen in the tail of the whale, And lurk in the bark of the hound. I take the stout ship o'er the untrodden deep; And many a heart ( make mournfully weep, By sending a loved one for ever to sleep Where mermaidens flit to and fro. I nerve the strong arm of the valiant knight, I spur on'his foe in the strength of his might, And speed the swift bullet that settles the fight And lays both the warriors low. PauLo, Stonehaven, 13.-Noo folk may ta'k o' sea an' air, An' a' the wonders hidden there, But if they wud a wonder see, They mann their optics turn on me, An' they may view, am proud to say, The greatest wonder o' the day, O' ony time, or ony place Wheriver man has shewed his face. I'm sure there's naething o' my size Has caused sae muckle great surprise As I hne din, an' always do, Wheniver I affirm what's true. An' I may noo as weel confess (Because I'm gie an' sure ye'd guess) That I o' lies has tauld a heep, Enough to mak' a nation weep. An' then, besides, at ither times, I'm gie an' gude at making rhymes, An' giving fun to various folks Wi' a' my puns an' witty jokes. I'm stupid whiles, an' whiles I'm smert, An' fu' o' ivery gracefu' airt That Nature has bestowed on man In iveory age, in ivery lan'. I'm black an' blue, an' white an' green, An' yellow also I am seen; I'm lang, an' thin, an' aften stout, An' heavy, too, without a doubt; I'm used by men an' women a', By lads an' lasses great an' sma'. By some I'm tasted, some I'm chewed, By ithers very cauldly viewed; An' some ha' hated me so much, They wudn't for a fortune touch Or ha' me near them night or day. An' noo I think I'll gang away. Puca, Ballymena,. 14.-Strewn on the path of childhood's way, And raised in youth by passion's force; Less often seen in manhood's day, In second childhood slow in course. Thus, from the cradle to the grave, They visit man in sadder hours; Yet sometimes sweetly they will lave His mind, like gentle summer showers. The maiden has a weapon there, And wife and mother know their use; The cunning beggar on the stair Gains charity by their abuse. And if our heart should e'er brim o'er With gratitude that finds no word, No sweeter prayer can be heard Than silent thanks from that great store. PELtHAei, Wandsworth. 15.-Hopes and fears, sneers, tears, and jeers, Wounding tender helrrs in jest, Wealth and health, idark deeds by stealth, Agitate the hum in reast Iii wihl. Misfortune, woe, and lntm ry, Death upon his throne dloth start; Faith, sweet trust, and charity In the drama play theit part Of whole. Sweet content, love, and forbearance, Happiness in ev'ry home, Joyous living, e'er forgiving, Ever steer us through the foam Of whole. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 16.-I'm hard and firm, I'm large and small, I bounce about- Am liked by all I G. W. IHAY tAN. NARRATIVE PRECE-O]IEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 17.-" I send, sir, some verses on 'Spring,' Tra-la ! Which I think in your pages would shine, And I merrily dance and I sing, Tra-la I When I think of the fame it will bring, Tra-la ! This beautiful poem of mine. The public will say they ne'er read such a thing So charmingly sweet as my poem on ' Spring.' Tra-la.la-la-la, tra-la-la-la I They'll welcome my poem on 'Spring.' " Said the Ed. to the author of " Spring," Tra.la ! "For your verses we've found a nice place- It's a place where all rubbish we fling, Tra-la ! And your ' sweet, charming poem' on ' Spring,' Tra-la l The Waste Paper Basket doth grace. And we mean every word when we say or we sing, Oh I bother the poets who write about ' Spring;' Tra-la-Ia-la-la, tra-la-la-In-lha And bother their poems on ' Spring ' i" Jo-Kixa, Lambeth. REVERSION. (A word whioh ,raad backward forms notnher word.) 18.-I came by first from Dublin town, The train passed every station, And never stopped until it reached My destination. Now hle who always tells the truth, And sticks to't firm and fast, Cannot be called by a just one A last. GEaALDIONE. CONUNDRUM. 19.-Dear riddlers, perhaps you will Think this con. a boon: Can any one tell to me . The correct weight of the moon ? DECAPITATION. H. CARTEa. (Droef the first le ter o Word, liavina another wordLs 20,-Behead aa drop:d wrter bsight, 4n1d pLt If 'on will ome iit sight.
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 21.-A soft, cool breeze is wasted from the ocean, And fluttering through my fairy-spell'd retreat, Awakes the grasses to a gentle motion, And fans away day's leaacy of heat. Here, straying through the first nocturnal bowers, Within the shining reach of astral light, I bid my sweet companions-birds and flowers- Good night, good night 1 The petalled beauties rouse them from their dreaming, To meet the starry watchers' silent kiss; And rapturous 'neath the charm of silver gleaming, They feel time's sweetest, loveliest hour is this. In rustling whispers and low chants ascending From soft-clad valley and from sterner hpight, I hear the psalm of myriad voices blending, Good night, good night The gentle breeze anon doth cease its fluttering, The trees are silent, and the grasses sleep; And naught is heard except the low-toned muttering Like faint complainiugs from th' imprisoned deep; My thoughts have flown across its breast upheaving, And brought those friends I second to my sight: Oh, ye I love, for whom I'm longing, grieving, Good night, good night i Afar the ocean seems to heaven united, And-sea and sky appear one mighty sea; And heaven's glories to my soul delighted Seem nearer now than o'er they used to be; And I can fancy that my loved ones hover Around me in this mystic shadowy light : Oh, dear ones who death's river have crossed over, Good night, good night I AIY AND EDIE. ARITHMORED. (An anorostic. The letters or cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in ligurcs.) Foundation Wlords. 22.-D ear and old familiar face, A re our pleadings all in vain P V isit thy accustomed place- I nspire us with thy sJngs again. D ost thou thiuk that we will never G reet thee as we did of yore? O hI sisters witty, wise, and clever, W in her back to us once more i Cross WTords. 1,001 and nejas A beautiful sweet-scented flower- By all of you 'tis known. 150 ,, tea To find this do not take an hour; It means applause, we own. 1,503 ,, ano He wanders here, lie wanders there, Homeless. ragged, and tanned. 103 ,, one If you should meet next anywhere, Just lend a helping hand. 101 ,, e Delicious from an artist's mould, In winter.time 'tis seen. 55 ,, see In fairy tales we're plainly told They danced upon the green. 201 ,, ana A plant, a drug ; you'll find it grows In a tropical clime. 56 ,, ture Towardd'the sea it onward flows 'Midst scenery sublime. 1,051 ,, satan The superstitious hold this charm Frustrates an enemy. 101 ,, runehar Our sailors view this with alarm When on the trackless sea. 550 ,, settune If this described your state of mind, Our Ed. for cons. would call. 1,051 ,, or Now, maids and knights, the answol find To this our final small. J. .LEIGH AND V. D. TAYLOn. DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.l 23.- Where are the Tourney knights of old ? Oh, hear this riddler cry ; Yes, where are those who stood so bold With faces first in iron mould, Whilst in the next the foeman rolled Before their chivalry ? Where is Demanches, gallant knight, Whom once so well we knew ? Oh, but it was a splendid sight When with La Lachrymose so bright They stood out foremost in the fight, Loyal and staunch and true. Come back, last trusty "Tourney " lords, And meet us once again; And if these few but well-meant words Induce you to unsheathe your swords And come once more upon our boards, I have not sung in vain. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 24.-How calm and bright life's morn ! a first sun shines In kingly glory o'er the destined way; Yet on the book of fate no shadow lines The golden promise of the coming day. And youth moves on, with quick, exultant tread, Upon a last that seems so brightly fair; High are his hopes, high as the skies o'erhead, And few the things he would not do, or dare. T. N. AND E. L. METAGRAMlS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.! ;25.-An animal well known to you; If you please change its head, A well-known I ounig Folks riddler You then will have instead. F. WILsoN. 26.-Maidens are fickle, and first are the men. Who are we next trust ? is the question then. My only answer is, as there is last guiding star, " Trust nobody but yourself, and don't trust him too far." W. A. LANGSTON.