IDDLE TOURNAMENT. mtHARADE.
Erýoorrd on a word eaohi sylilaniS or wnosn tse Worn. ", Forth from her cavern home iUndina startoth, Tossing the cloudy foam As she departeth. Driving her snow-white steeds Through the bright water, On this her journey speeds Sun and cloud's daughter. Swift fishes through their glass Turn to behold her, Smile as the sun's rays pass, - tuick to enfold her. Pearl.prankt her tresses are, Gleaming and glinting; Eyes clear fire as a star, Soft spells imprinting. First amber-streaked cascade Total she reaches, Half lost beneath the shade Of drooping beeches. Here doth she reign her steeds, And backward bending, Steer from the wrecking reeds Safe ere descending. Then with a well-poised mien Over she dashes, Raising the frothy sheen In rainbow flashes. Whirird deep beneath the fall, Deafened in thunder, Forthwith uprising, all Breathless with wonder. Second through mermaid combs, Leaping and sliding, O'er low-laid rocks and holms Gracefully gliding. AmY BOEwMER. TRIPTICHES. o words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the nrl sand thie first syllable of the becond,J Triptich. 'Mid all the pride of King Arthur's Court, W\hen kuight met knight in the tourney's sport, And the flower of chivalry At the Table Raund were gathered there, And cups were drained to the ladies fair And the knights of high degree, 1He silent stood, and mingled not, The wizard dread of Camelot. First Word. O golden.haired queen of the earth, Fair sister of blossoming Spring, In thee sweetest day-dreams have birth, And love, laughing love, rides thy wing. Thy garland is sweet with the scent of the rose, And in thy fair locks the gay hyacinth glows; Oh, earth is an Eden when fair primal shows Her bowers of bloom that we sing. Second Word. Oh, beneath the limes When the moou.is fair, love, And the night-wind stirs Scarce a leaflet there, love; Oh, beneath the limes, Whispering to the stream, love, There, with hearts love.thrilled, We will dream our dream, love. E. A. CRnoAR, Triptich. 3.-Success depends upon the modes And ways of doing things; From lhabts vile the wise recoil As though their presence stings. First Word. Invaders of the wood and forest, Seeking plant for nation's ware, Never yieol to visions pretty Vt:;ims to reprieve or spare. Second Word. Bashful swains are all next, sadly, As the courting longer grows, And toey face the " ordeal" badly When, for instance, they " propose." J. LEIaG AND V. D. TAYLoB, DUAGRAIS. ltho first two letters of ia word to form another word.) 4.-Down on a streamlet's bank To rest awhile I sank, And first into a very pleasant dream; Methoaght I was a king Possessed of everything Which mortals in this simple world esteem i How long I may havelain Beside this little drain know not, when I woke up with a yell-- The bank had given way Whereost a-dream I lay, ad right with it into the stream I fell. My majesty was gone- IAn ry life of pleasure run, Strouble came where htp'ness reigned before ! And thus last each and all Into grim ruin fall, Who do not mind the height whereon- they soar. GERALDINE. yiOst, "the light of other days," is slowly "dying trrnlight and gas have nigh "extinguished" it, you Sa match; apply it to my first, the which, no then a ray or two of light upon the subject throw. A. AMIBERLEY, 3lIancheter. NARRATIVE MIETAGRAM. rit letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the anrrativl. iSunch a charming, dark-eyed maiden, Such a winsome, merry pet. osy mouth with mischief laden, Wavy hair as black as jet, Little gipsy Violette. w,was hard that we should sever, For I loved you, Violette. forh a loving, clinging maiden, With her siyeet eyes sad and wet, Crying in a voice, tear laden, Promise me ou won't forge t iour heart.broken Viplette. Little sweethearn , Violette. Silch a lovely w hiterobed maiden; S, methinks I see her yet -- og on her bed, flower laden For her sun oLlife had set-' ,fie was dead, poor Violettel. W5 are pnrted-not for ever' LLLAN ~I, R, DOUGLas, Caumerwell,
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.--The branches are budding, bright spring lies before us, The songsters already are chanting their lays; I once loved the springtime, but every enchantment Has taken its flight with the sweet bygone days. From out the green depths of the earth's emerald mantle The bonny wee daisies their golden eyes raise, And miss the fond gr,eting and rapt admiration They won from my heart in the sweet bygone days. Ofttimes in the twilight, when eve is declining, I see through the mists of the thickening haze The faces of friends whom I loved well and trusted, Who shared the bright joys of the sweet bygone days. When wild winds are hushed and the soft breeze of even- ing Drowsily through the light foliage plays, I neat iu its rustle the music of voices That cheered my faint first in the sweet bygone days. Yes, though o'er the blossoming fields I still wander, And on the full flowers half admiringly gaze, Yet to me their rich fragrance and radiant beauty Have faded away with the sweet bygone days. CLARA BOERnInER METAGQRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-Where tortoiseshell low lieth The wild cats shriek and wail, Letting the nettles fall; But the solemn dock.leaf sigheth At their loud caterwaul, Devoid of mirth or melody, But full of pain and agony, Where tortoiseshell low lieth. - At eve the wild wasp wingeth Across the nettles lone; At noon first the mole singeth- 'Tie an unlovely groan. Midnight a donkey bringeth, And he hee-haweth alone. The stoneclink's lay sweet floweth, His pipe the corncrake bloweth, Brightly the glowworm shineth, " The infant frog softcrowetll, The black drain water whineth, But echo ue'er replieth Next tortoiseshell low lieth. F. HALLAM, London. 9.-I represent an English town ; If you one letter change, You will have another one Within the Irish range. H. CARTER. BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-I mourn for you, Thomas, so faithful and wise, My comrade when ev'uings were chill; I'll never again see your emerald eyes (MIy loss will, I'm sure, make me ill). You'll ne'er again dine on refractory mice, And never 'gain sit on my knee; How full must that villain have been, puss, of vice, Who hurled that hard brickbat at thee l Your resting.place cold will I mark with a stone, And people will read how you died; And may that bad man for his evil atone Whose missiles you first-ly defied. Sleep, pussy, in peace, the long sleep of the just; Although you for ever are gone, I'll cherish your mem'ry though you will be dust, And last you in this simple con. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. 11.-First is a group of animals; And if I'm not deranged, A country town of note will name, When second letter's changed. ANNIE SaMITH, Gresley. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, dooeapitaton, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after enach operatlon.) 12.-A precious substance, hard and white, This first of mine will bring to sight; Delete, and you Must surely view A creature neither strange nor new. A biped it will prove to be If you have traced it properly, And I must own Much better known Than I have here so faintly shown. Transpose it quickly, if you please, Then place it firmly on its knees, And I believe You will perceive What does our greatest want relieve. And now I've only got to ask You to perform the final task; So twice curtail, And you must hail Your humble servant without fail. PucK, Ballymena. 13.-One high in power my first will be; When things are sold my next you'll see; Curtail my first, and the two unite, And an Irish town will come to sight, Wherein I spent some pleasant days In travelliug through its devious ways. NoRAsea M. TwoanY, Cirk. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the same in sound.) 14.-Now young Willie Johnson leaned over the gate Of the orchard at Richardson's farm ; And the pretty young dairymaid whispered, elate, "To speak to him, pray, where's the harm He's really o shy no beginning he'll make; So I must." Down the orchard went she, With a smile so pretty, yet heart all aquake, "Will you please first this second for me P" The opening made, how that autumn day fled I- Why, they stood there till daylight had gone; Before many months had passed over their heads The parson had made this third one. S. MILLs, Birmingham. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.,) Foundation Words. 15.--Primals and finls to you give Two famous statesmen who yet live. Cross Words. In my first a mountain chain you will view; My inet is one of the towns of Peru; If you're a musiciaon, thins you will know; Fourth is a town-'twas besieged long ago; A sign of the zodiac fifth will be; And part of your hand in sixth you will see; uAn island-in the Pacific 'tis found; Eigjhth for his wisdom at Troy was renowned; Last is a poem with a pathetic sound. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. AMPUTATION RIDDLE. 16.-She was a maid and I was a maid, And so we were mails together; She, Isabella,and I, Christella, Birds, you will say, ofea feather, She lost an eye, and I lost ith eye, SOiir heads iuto halves were cleft; From her arm a joint, from mine a joint, And never a maid was left. . . C. P. MITOHt.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-As bright as the sunbeam is Norah Malone- Dear Norah Malone of County Tyrone; And happy am I that she loves only me, For plainly I see each fellow would be Delighted the love of my Norah to own. No rouge-pot imparts the bright hue to her cheeks, For Norah ne'er seeks to ape fashion's freaks, But ever contented is she to appear In dress that is e'er becoming her sphere, And thus her sincerity plainly bespeaks. Her tresses'nt-brown show no traces of gold, Yet poets of old have often extolled Fair tresses that less were deserving of praise; For envious says would grudgingly gaze To see the shy wind with her ringlets make bold. Her eyes are not blue as the midsummer sky, Yet never can I, though often I try, Describe what affection their grey doljths reveal, What love they conceal, or how they appeal With power resistless that none can defy. She is not well versed in society's rules, And loves not the fools who've learnt in the schools Of public opinion whatever they know, And carefully go, no matter how slow, The way they're directed by custom's blind tools. Thus Norah possesses some sound common-sense, Is void of pretence, shuns giving offence; And, all ibis to prove, not a word need be said But that she will wed "yours truly," instead Of taking a man with an intellect dense. PuiLO, Dundee. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 18.-The hours pass by, yet still the music sounds, And in each room festivity abounds; Gigantic fires throw out a ruddy glow, And witty sayings 'neath their influence flow. Love songs are sung-thoss sympathetic kind Admired by natures cultured and refined- Those songs which quench all hate within the breast, And all our woes and sorrows set at rest. 'Tis strange I the music jars upon my ear, And i0 my heart I feel a dread, a fear. I cannot rest; and 'midst the happy throng I seek to kill sad thoughts waked by one song, The dance begins, and bachelors old and gay Trip lightly with young maids in sweet array; They circle round as quicker grows the tread, Until their cheeks a'lpear a rosy red. A joyful look beams on each smiling face, And not a shade of sadness can I trace. One form is there I've dreamt of o'er and o'er, And in whose ears a tale I fain would pour. But, no, it cannot be; that's why-I'm sad, That's why I sorrow when I shruld be glad; If only one sweet smile she'd cast at me, From cares and troubles I should then be free. J. BODEt, Greenock, 19.-There's a colleen pure as snow, And the very winds that blow Whisper to me sweet and low, " Nancy Darling." In the rosy flush of morn, When wind waves the golden corn, Then I think your blush was born, Nancy Darling. When darkling comes the night, And the twin stars shine out bright, You're still before my sight, Naucy Darling. With your firsts and hair jet black, Not a beauty do next lack; What a charming little nose, And a cheek that beats the rose ! With your lips so like a cherry, And your smiles both gay and merry, Nancy Darling. A. R. Sr.ITCrc. 20.-Fair queen of the "Tourney," a stranger seeks entry Amid your brave knights and your ladies so sweet, A poor, humble squire among such high gentry, SlSubmissively kneeling, he sues at yoiur feet. If you first him permission to join your defenders, He will work like my last your entourage to please- No second shall sully the homage lie renders. May he hope for your favour, and feel at his ease P M1ADEIrA. 21.-Here is a riddle for all who wish To put their fingers in the puzzle-dish : My irst is a thing almost naught, you will see, Which if you behead, a great number 'twill be. If you can't make it out, then wait patient and meek, And yonu'll find it (the answer) in Young Folks next week. QUILLE PENNE. 22.--Ladyferst and "Tourney" knight, Hearken to my lay; If you nest.ly guess my first, All's as clear as day. I. H. C, 23.-In first a weapon you will see, By soldiers used, I ween; Behead, what I am writing now Will quickly then be seen. C. Bosura, 24.-A charge or value if you behead, A wholesome food you'll see instead; Your headsman's axe use once again, What gives good sport will then remain. SILVERI STONE. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 25.-What means to ruin or to spoil, If you transpose aright, A quadruped that ne'er does toil Will then be brought to light. If once again transpose you do, I know that y ou will see What doubtless is a part of you, Also a part of me. E. LEIDHOLD. 26.-Part of yourself my first will name, Just search for it at leisure; If you will now transpose the same, You'll bring to view a measure. SYwTAx, Warrington, ARITHMOREM. (An aorostio. The letters of orosq words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 27.-There is one whose witty ditties fill my heart with true delight, Whose happy jottings ever make one's cares and troubles light; True pathos often marks his verse-he hails from Erin's isle; Few better are there in our "T.'" spare moments to be- guile. Cross Words. 1,050 and ap A tree, my comrades, known to all. 1,000 ,, otas Which meaneth pices very small. 1,l0 ,, rte A length of time, or perhaps a name. - 550 ,, euer A lady, highiu"Tourney" fame. 5.i ,, o A thing that's worshippedhere observe. 150 ,, , osuno A knight whos~e dons. our thanks de- serve. 501 ,, nk A nature of our Ed., d'yoe see ? 10 ,, tayns A riddler, and townsman niine. And aow, ye wights, 'tis due.to me To write my eon.'s concluding line. V '. D; TATYLO Warrington.
META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word. 28.-Pretty maid, you won my first In the sunny summer weather, When along the flowery lanes We so gaily walked together. But my ardent love has cooled, Ah, it was too fierce to last; Shall I tell you why 'tis now But a memory of the past ? Yesterday you had some next, Finer ones I ne'er did see, And you slowly ate them all, Never offering one to me! QusEENI, Chester. CONUNDRUMS. 29.-Conundrums we hardly e'er see in these pages, Their visits-like angels-are few, far between; The " Narrative" puzzle just now quite the rage is, And "'grams " by the score in the" Tourney " are seen. But, come, is this right ? is it just P is it proper ? The time has arrived, my dear comrades, methinks, To say that no longer will we have a stopper . Thus put on the puzzle more aged than the Sphinx. Come, Philo and Gow, both so witty and clever; Miss Taylor,'Miss Royston, and all of the rest, I pray you to make a united endeavour To save from extinction of puzzles the best. To preach such a sermon, and then not to practise, Would be inconsistent I'm bound to adnut; So I've straggled all day (my poor brain quite racked is) To build a conundrum, and this now it is. Suppose you've been weighed-say, at Moorgate-street Station, Have been given your card, and have paid for the same; Pray, why are you then like the man whose vocation Is to call in succession each visitor's name ? F. PArscR, Herne Hill, 30.-'Tis said that youthful jealousy is a - But stay, That's nothing to do with what I am going to s:y. Why is a house where the notice " 'I o let" is seen Like the initial letters of our " Tourney " queen ? NosteocA. 31.--'Tis difficult rather to be short and terse When giving your readers a riddle in verse, For reason and rhyme do not always agree; If the one is made certain, the other is free. Perhaps you might think it would take ure full long To prove that an edict of Euclid's is wrong; Yet if you can answer the question I ask, I can prove it is not an impossible task. Can you find me a word ('tis compound in formation) And prove that the whole is much leas than its part P It is done-you've disproved his ".-r' ;tie equation l Oh, Euclid, see now what a h~nmbug thou art I PI 'I n, Wandsworth. VERBAL CHARADES. (A word, each ltter of which is treated aoparately.) 32.-One-fourth of moat, One-fourth of boat, And then one-fifth of drain; One-fourth of soil, One-fourth of toil, And then one-fifth of grain; One-fourth of heat, One-fourth of neat, And then one-fifth of dreary, One-fourth of coal, One-fourth of goal, And then one-fifth of weary. Now, if you place these letters aright, A well.known riddler will come to sight. W, Surrla , Dudley. 33.-My first is in night, but not in day; My second is in meadow, but not in hay; My thlrd is in trail, also in lair; My fourth is in sound, but not in air; My fifth is in moon, but not in night; My sixth is in noon, but not in light. Two letters from each, if piaced aright by you, Two well.known heroes in war will come to view. ONAWA, Ironville, 84.-My first is in England, but absent in Wales; My next is in thunder, but absent in gales; Though my third is in beer, you'll not flud it in malt, And while fourth's in continue, 'tis absent in halt; Though fifth's not in rider, 'tis present in horse, While my last may be seen both in Sweden and Norse. These letters together will bring to your sight A brilliant and promising " Tournament" knight. E. W. SHLRIVEL, REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 35.-Four letters-will name the husband and wife; The husband pursues a musical life; The wife is a gossip, and lazy as well. The answer is plain. I now wish you farewell. CA IaA. ENIGMAS. 36.-Hot, pale, and brown; Soaked up in town; Makes warm when cold; Is bought and sold. G. W. HArMAN,. 37.-Though only used at night, The sun I mimic then; Reared on foundation slight, I aid the student's pen. I. CLEARCHOS, PALINDROME. (A word which read backwvards or forwards is still the same.) 38.-Pleasa find for me a little word That doth an action mean, Which, if reversed by you or me, It still the same is seen. C. SAnsooa, Mile End,