RIDDLE TOURNAM~ENTS IPL1ýRATIVl E DECAPI TATIONS. SthefrsO letter Of al tword heloi igivnothce word, expressed
1 insplre "n, muse, and bid me sing again 'rhe heartfelt songs I sang in days ago; jy well.loved pen for weeks has idly lain. And all my heart is filled with weary woe; Oh bid me all my cares and joys relate ' Through 1888. Smile, kindly muse, on goidly knight and maid, And shed your soothing influence in each heart, And let their wondrous talents be displayed, Without the slightest tinge of envy's smart; Oh, bid them sing, nor let their songs abate Through 1888. Look down, sweet muse, on this our " Tourney's " fame, Recall the truant bards of bygone ages, And bid each come to reinstall his name Amid the tried and true ones in these pages; Oh, nrge them to the goal with hope elate Through 1888. MARION TAYLOR. London. Now Schneider and Broad Arrow, sirs, in days now long einc fled, ere up to every joke that ever entered manly head; cr hardly was a bit of fun upon the Zuyder Zee t wasn't straight way put upon the shoulders of poor we. el, ou must know Broad Arrow laid a bet of half a crown abt hnwould raise a crowd within the streets of Schseidertown, d sre'twould take but minutes five, the Horse Guards' clock to judge he was to a minute right. All Schneider said was, Fudge." wever," said Broad Arrow, in his own delightful way speaking, that perhaps is better far when kept away, I'll tell you, charming Schneider, how I mean to win from you at half d'lar, which, if all goes wall, will lie my due. I want to demonstrate to you how trivial a causo ill ,ring a crowd together, and I ask you, friend, to pause id listen for a little while as I unfold my plot." d Schneider, in a tragic voice, " Untie the Gordian knot!" sad Arro:v, thus invited, said, " Schneider, I vote t hat we nth stand within the market-place, and with avidity umence a conversation, and gesticulalte the while, dl wait res:ltl that surely will, friend Schncider, make you smile." ell, Schneider was quite willing, and the plan was carried out; ile from afar there came a crowd to see what 'twas about, id in the distance we could hear a juvenile shrill voice ell, "Go it Schneider," in a tone that made us both rejoice. crowd now gathered several deep, yet still there could be seen sticulations most uncommon-what could it all mean ? ,d shouts of "'it him in the eye, Broad Arrow ! don't give way;" " Schneider, you will win, my boy; you'll gain this blooming day!" wcrowd had reached to such a height a riot seeme'~ ih pending; portion went with Schneider, and the rest B. A. defending, lien from a turning not far off 'there came a bold policeman, he collared both our heroes, while the crowd yelled out, "Release, man!" ito the station we were carried off; 'twas unavailing try to get away, although Broad Arrow clutched a paling ; t the arm so mighty of the law good strong biceps possesses, il men are bound to give up hope whenever it com- presses. ell, sirs, to cut this story short, I think 'tis only noeedirg :ny we had two lawyers smart our innocence both pleadui g; =i even they could not persuade the dutiful Jdgco Sparrow S 1t away without a fine poor SCHNEaIDnIo AND BROAD ARROW. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. 1 (rop the two first letters ol.a wors. leaving another word.) 'Twas in a dim castle with ivy o'ergrown, ith dralwbsridge and terrible strong walls of stone, na nloat, whose deep waters ran misty below, one of the casements, sonime ages ago, tLa a::utiful girl on a high-backed chair, enoming her masses of light auburn hair, While o'er the dark heath ew the love-song of some one who warbled beneath. heard with a bright tender light in her eyes, her lairydlike face first with love's sympathies; moved the gay warbler, but loved in despair, S a bad earl had married this maiden so fair. Ctwisted o'er lily.white fingers a curl c had out from her tresses, and with a soft whirl fell iice a sunbeam on some one below; DBut her soul is bereaveid, r it fell on her lord who stole up unperceived. r lovecd one was captured and dragged through the hall tthin the strong arms of a stout seneschal, d, oh! there was weeping in somebodly's bower, r haughty and cold was the earl in his power. , d some one stood wringing her hands in distress, - terly fearing solme woe more or less. 0 sturdy retainer just passed through the room, WV hile lost heart repents, gave her a curl, " With the earl's compliments." nd accents of love sung in soft, tender strain , t pale ear no more-for they ne'er met again; e- telder voice warbled love's longings so sweet, Slady.love listens a soft voice to greet. Se dark deed long hovered upon the earl's brow, tI lovers had died-he alone could tell how. l e But remorse he has felt, ' gone to a place where his money would melt. ]LA 3,1YSTEP,. DECAPITATIONS. C ll)i,S the lrst letter of a word, leavinu anotlher word.) 4.-Another name for value choose, Which if you behead, You will find instead f A certain grain that cooks oft use. Behead again, and it will be What ivater is made By cold winter's aid- Some wish, some don't wish it to see. B. WATr, Glasgow. 5.-A very mischievous insect If you wil please behead, a vsuotou t kind of serpent Ae .hts to ihs ieetrl, Bass, Chester.
DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 6.--Mise Nellie, you indeed are good, To first be complimenting, And then in humble attitude A soft appeal presenting, That I would now extend to you Complete and courteous pardon, As one whom you are pleased to view Your little joke as hbra on. But it was such a compliment To take me for a maiden, That straightway was my sadness spent And stores of pleasure laid in; So that you must not think, indeed, That you have cause to sue me; Instead, I must itdulgesce plead For keeping silence gloomy. Still, there's one thing I can't excuse, That in the Christmas Number You gave me first a fit of blues, And sent my joy to slumber, By leaving me out in the cold, While others were obtaining Greetings and tokens manifold Of Christmas pleasures reigning. You know I waited as a maid To gain a friendly token, And now indeed I must upbraid, For I am lirsr heartbroken; You know how last I would have ta'en The message sent Miss Annie, And given you the same again, With greetings very many. But as it wasn't promised me, I e'en must be contented, And I suppose I must rot be Or think to go demented. Still you may take my wishes best In such a time of pleasure, With pardon as you wish, confessed, To add on to your treasure. IvasItos. B elfast. 7.-I've sat down just now, for it's quiet for a minute, To write out a puzzle, but how to begin it I'um quite unaware, but a start I'll be making. First Edwin and Ethel a walk slow were taking Along the same par hs they had oft trod before, When-there comes rather roughly a knock at my door, And a person who does not to grammar aspire Says hurriedly, " Guv'nor, your chimbley's a-fire." That trouble's o'ercome by a few r-ails of water. I'll continue. Quite eagerly Edwin besought her, To answer Ihis pleading, but she did not utter The words he awaited. Her heart gave a flutter. But stay, before this 'twonld be better to mention It certainly was not fair Edwin's intention To sue for- The youth who my work 'fore did hinder Knocks and asks for the ball which he "chucked" through tny "winder." I thiuk I was saying ti at Ethel was crying, And he, forlorn last, o br Iis hard fate was sighing. "I think," murmured Ethel, "we'd best part for over." But Edwin replied, with an effort, "No, never. Until your hard papa consents we will tarry, And thten, dearest Ethel, we'll joyfully marry." "Darling"- Jones up above, who's invited some fellows, Rushes in and says 'shortly, "Oh, lend me your bellows P" Her father had prior to this made arrangement To caus 'twceu the lovers a cruel estrangement. One ev'ning, when Edwin far distant was pining, And Edith at home at her easo was reclinilng, A cavalier handsome before her was kneeling-- If they're not more careful they'll come through the ceiling. With their noise up above to proceed I'm perplexed, And so this weird tale will "conc)de in our next." J. STocxs, Southwark. 8.--While walking out, a year or two ago, I uret a friend; We talked awhile, and then he wisheld to know If I could lenud. He said he'd been unfortunate of late, And told me fiat That he was in a miserable state- Just think of that. I said, " Old friend, if you will first on me 'Bout half.past one, I promi.e I will do umy best to see What can be done." He thanked nue in a truly touching way. Precisely at Th' appointed time he ilst that very day- Just think of that. I lent him more than I could really spare, And, poor old boy, It was a treat to see him standing there And mark his joy. Said he--the tears were running from his eyes- As down he sat, "This is indeed a beautiful surprise !" Just think of that. A year elapsed, and Brown was getting rich, But I was short, So wrote him. "Please return the money which Before you ought.." I staggered at the answer that he sent, And cried, "D--drat," He swore he'd never had a single cent- Just think of that! J. A. MansHALz, Southwark. ARITHMOREMI. (An acrostio. The letters of cross words that are Rioman numerals expressed in fliures.) Foundation Word. 9.--My heads, as I need hardly mention, Upon your shoulders keep your own- Of punning I have no intention, So let it (habit bad) alone. The air we breathe with death is fraught Unless my swhole with it is mingled; The elixir of life, 'tis brought Through pleasant lands with scent commingled. Now. Marshall, smarshal up your pow'rs With tu~artial tread to which I'm partial, And finish up this con. of ours- If you can't do it, then your aea shall. Cl·oss Words. 56 and roe A name for either man or boy. I1 ,, psntap In classic lore a shrew and scold. 551 ,, esyct A time of universal joy. 21,00 ,, sag A sort of pastime hero behold. 1 ,, puee When day is drawing to a close, 501 ,, ghtubea A deadly plant ourfinal shows. J. A. 111 sSstfL A BoIxERT L DIBAnLE. NARREATIVE CURTAILM-ENT. (Drop the final Itter of a cord, le.aving another word, expressed in the narratite.) 10.--Away with the new-fangled notions That wither the heart to tse core, That young men are bettered by lectures; Pray, do not think so any more, Away with the sneers and the satire, The cloud on the brow and the frown Men hever were bbttreld by leetures-- They have shbmons onoimgh in tho town. LaccvEs.
NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 11 .--To the gallant knight of Warrington My visor I will raise, Nor care I if 'tis to receive His censure or his praise. That he my name has rightly found In justice I must own, Though how he has discovered it As yet he has not shown. His charge this time has had effect, His victory is plain; But yet I see no reason why I should not still retain The none de phumie I've always worn In these our "Tourney" fights. Our gracious queen this privilege Has granted all her Inights, So by that favour I will stand- My right none can deny. And soon will scores of wondrous cons. Greet every riddler's eye, Tales will be told to banish care, Brght songs a hard will sinug; And if the tales are very bad, And if the songs are very sad, And if the Ed. is driven mad, The cause will be Jo-Kmsa. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another wonlr in the narrative. 12.-" 0," cried a knowing youth, "list and learn ! I know as little as a soul may spurn; 'Much' may mean 'more,' and 'little' mean 'less,' But mine is the very least of littleness !" "What," asked a list'ner of quiet eye, Classed by the worldly-wise as the "small fry," "What is the limit of ignorance? Is it mean assumption, or guess by chance ?" "No !" cried th' knowing one, "Try again; Deep ignorance is ev'rybody's bane. Life's a dark problem-in it all men grope, Studying and guessing in despairing Ihope." "True," sighed the modest eye, "sadly true; Vain efforts truly that we, fruitless, renew. Is it the toilinu one, poor, untaught, Jeered at by wiseacres as knowing naught ?" "Nay." said the howing youth, "try once more; Trouble's circumstances knock at each man's door Some time or other, and th' poorest may Teach self at even after toil of day!" " lE'en so," mused the quiet eye; "learning's store Holds wings for all who from darkness would soar. But what is your 'littleness' P tell me, pray. 'Tis the iotas and atoms of substance, oh ?" "Never !" cried th,' knowing youth. "Atoms small, Little, when collected, make a mighty all. Time, whether brief or slow, time is such That ev'ry moment's precious, and a whole day much." "Right !" said the quiet eye. "And time does steal ; His stealth makes trivial what's really a deal. But why do you laugh ? Is this a joke, And your boasted 'littleness' a bubble of smoke P" " Nay," laughed the knowing one, "nay-or yea, Choose as you wish. beat however you may, The smallest of littleness known to me Is simply as little as less may be." V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 13.-Oh, what has caused me all this dreadful sickness? Oh, why am I so red about the eyes ? Oh, what has caused my lips to get this thickness P And all my inside each instant to rise? I have not fallen down and hurt my body- I don't regard that incident a joke! I've not indulged in too much hot strong toddy, But what I have been having is a smoke!, S. uE BEAs. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as tihe initials, form a word. or words.) Founsdation Words. 14.-In the walls of my finals my primal exists, And gaily we welcome her name in the lists; The " Tourney " would be both unhappy and sad If her merry voice did not bid us tho glad. Dear primnal, the brightest within our bright throng, Still wait we to hear the sweet notes of your song ; May sorrow ne'er touch the blithe heart you possess, And life be to you unalloyed happiness. Cross Words. Miy first is a town you will fins before long; My soa:t was a victim of cruellest wrong; My third was the mother of all on the earth; And thcso we possess from the day of our birth; Atfifth all the lamps are alight in the street; Sixth is a girl's name, charming, pretty and sweet. Please record this vow-it is one of the past- "I will forward my riddles for ever and last I" NELLIP WATSON, Cheshunt. ACROSTIC. (A wvord, or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.l Foundation Word. 15.-This tribute of respect I gladly pay To one who's led our band in many a fray; A famous knight is he, both true and bold, Ilis cons. are read with glee by young and old, And fervently I hope and trust that he Will long adorn the pages of our "T." Cross Words. If you my rrimal would explain, Just find what you can ne'er attain. In this a useful clue I give; It is the place in which we live. Unless I argue much amiss, Few persons ever wished for this. A fruit in fifth will meet your gaze ; 'Tis used in many different ways. My last a puzzle will present; You'll see it in the "Tournament." C. F. BAEmnca, Wood Green. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change theletters of a word in succession to form other words.) 16.-Drear and mournful seems the first, Pictures feelings of the worst; Hope you'll never feel as this- 'Tis not one, I'm sure, of bliss. And I'm sure you'd rather not Have the neat put, to your lot; Even envy hangs aloof Should you hare (sic 'neath your roof. Pretty little blossom, you (oon will blush a summer hue; Delicate and trembling sloo I From a tough and gnarled.up root. Crosses put on last; then boys With their shouts make dreadful noise, In a loud and ringing chorus, "Surely these are all made for us I" It L. Jv'smeImsoxe, London. . TRANSPOSITION. ITransposa the lettars ill a word to form another vom'J.i 17.--My primal is worn by most ladies just now, 'Tis also a portion of Ireland, I trow; If you will its letters with caro then transpose, A word of six letters you will dnd, I suppose. Now, kindly again please transpose it for me, Then brightness and splendour you surely will see; Aid il you traneposos once again, my fine boys, Its brightness will fade and t~rn into a noise. II.ILLA, West Green.
DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 18.-What would I do for thee ?- For thee, my love, my lest, my life's desire ? You ask me that, as with those eyes divine You gaze with passionate love deep into mine, And fill my soul with fire ! What would I do for thee P- For thee, so perfect, and so pure and meek ? How can I hope to tell thee, or explain The wild, wild thoughts that fill my burning brain, Too glorious, love, to speak! What would I do for thee ?- For thee ? Oh, grant me but a moment's space, That I at least may act a manly part, And still the wild, mad throbbings of my heart By gazing on thy face ! Yes; for the love of thee, For thee, the mighty universe I view; I gaze on empires, forests, firsts, and seas, And, in my generous soul, all, all of these I freely give to you ! And I would do for thee, Oh, actions great as any 'neath the sun, B3ut that at present I am tired, you know, And-and, in fact, I'd rather not, and so Consider that they're done! H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead, CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a waord. 19.-At length the doors are opened and the people hurry in, They scramble up the stairs and make a truly awful din; They whistle, shout, and romp about, as ii for very life, And very nearly spiflioate a decent baker's wife. lBut total they are seated, and impatiently await The opening of that celebrated play entitled "Fate." The curtain shortly rises, first the drama then begins, And shows us how a villain is rewarded for his sins, But to the gallant leading man imputed is a crime, Of which he isn't guilty, yet he's "locked up " for a time; But during all a lady fair-the hero's little wife-- Resolves to prove him innocent or lose her precious life ; So she follows up the villain, yes, she tracks him to his lair. And sees him with some papers which he had concealbd there. "Hal ha!" she cries, "at last I have procured the evidence To gain my husband's freedom, and to prove his innocence. Yes, villain, you shall suffer for the man whom you have wronged. Oh! Heaven, I truly thank thee; for this moment I have longed !" "Confusion!" roars the villain, as he looks her in the face, " You've seen too much, and therefore you must never leave this place." He is just about to seize her, but receives an awful smack From another man who enters, and is total last his back. The hero's liberated, and restored to wife and friends, While the villain's duly punished, and 'tis thus the drama ends. SAILOt KNIITrr. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMIEGRAII. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 20.-With fingers busy at work, Creatung a terrible din, A fellow sat in the room below mine Playing a violin. Scrape, scrape, scrape ! With energy did he begin To wildly yet vainly attempt A tune on the violin. Squeal, squeal, squeal! Like a pig that is caught by the tail, And groan, groan, groan! Like an amorous 'Thomas.cat's wail. Ah, me! I live in a house Along with a barbarous wretch Who draws forth such maddening discord as this For two or three hours at a stretch. Oh ! men (and women as well!) Who use the fiddle and bow, It is not catgut you're wearing out, But your victim's patience, I trow. Scrape, scrape, scrape! 'Twere surely not a sin To wish them in lands that are far, far away, The amateurs who much too often essay A tune on the violin ! A. AniBERLEYa Manchester, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 21.-Good.bye, old year! we've walked the world Three hundred days together; We've knocked about the times a bit, And grumbled at the weather. Good-bye, old year ! without t tear I cannot see thee dying, Without a thrill, without a word, Without my heart replying. Good.bye, old man I you've served me true, Would that I'd served you kinder I Oh, 1887, you shall In rhyme have a reminder. My calendar is gay bedecked With years marked two-and-twenty. "Here's health to thee, old fading year, With love, and peace, and plenty." H. Cox, Birkenhead, CONUNDRUM. 23.-Ho, ho I ye riddlers bold, Come, tell me, if you can, What kind of stimulant Is like a portly man. C. E. KNowLEs.