RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. LOGOGOGRIPH. No. 1.
Strange my nature you'll be deeming, When you've looked me up and down Phoebus red at one half's gleaming, Th' other doth a guardian own. When first half you've done transposing, Savoury the dish will be; Residue reversed is posing- Means to stretch or drag, you'll see. Take a letter from the first half, Then a rainy day is seen ; Take one from the last and worst half, Fierce and wild the fight, I ween. Now my first half be curtailing, And reverse the residue, Then behold (you can't be failing) What a busy lass will do. Do the same to what remains, sirs, Then observe it is not cooked; If you'll tax your fertile brains, sirs, You will find it when you've looked. Place as fourth my second letter, Then behead, and bring to mind (Which than " giving up" is better) One who 'board a ship you'll find. G(EssiEYNE AIME. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. A looking.glass, without my first, Would not be such at all; In second you'll a measure see Which is not very tall. My third, you see, means very lean, Which surely is a pity; But if my fourth you rightly view, 'Twill name a Scottish city. To fifth, when you are in the wrong, Is not at all the thing; Sixth is a vessel which you know; And last is found in wing. Now read my centrals down, across, Then, right upon your view, Appears a Scottish city, which Should be well known to you. R. GRANT. ANSWER TO DOG PU - ~-~-- - ___ - -/-~-. These two dogs ready to fight can be converted in by one straight cut through the white line. Turn th feet to feet, and the trick is done. :'. DECAPITATION. No. 3. "Draw, draw thy first!" the kitchen warrior cried, And seized the toasting.fork-'twas at his side. "I will not say a next," the footman said. "Defend thyself, ere I cut off thy head." He snatched a carrot up from off the bench, And lunged out fiercely at a servant-wench. It was her fault-she would get in the way, And for her foolishness she had to pay. The carrot broke off short-he seized the poker. The cook slept, but the noise he made awoke her; She took a pail-'twas nearly full of slops- And on poor George's head the stuff she pops. "Good gracious I Why. 'tis nearly boiling hot !" And poor George dropped the poker like a shot. The cook then shook the modern Don Alphonso, And fiercely asked him how he dared go on so, H. PEERLESS. Peckham. CHARADE. No. 4. My first no words can e'er explain; But, reader, let me say, That when I saw my blushing Jane I felt its mighty sway. My second journeys many a mile To many a distant place; To some it brings a'gladsome smile, . To some a mournful face. My whole, whene'er it is received, Will thrill the heart with joy, And every word it bears believed By maiden is or boy. ST. GEORaE. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. This is a common kind of tree, And very often you will see In flower gardens it is found, And does not reach far from the ground. If you its centre will delete, a Then very quickly you shall meet A word that means what all should be, And so should I-ah, me! R h, me I e B. MTOOnOERT. r METAGRAM. n No. 6. O First is, you'll see, A kind of tree h That grows in these fair isles; It Next is the noise Our cat enjoys, At midnight, on the tiles. A. ST. J. Arcoca. REVERSION. No. 7. The snow first fast falling, I heard a voice calling; I Ithought that it sounded with fear. SI next two men fighting; One coward first biting- To part them no one would go near. M.L. RAw, Bradford. TERANSPOSITION. SNo. 8. A flower leaf in first you'll see, S Which kindly now transpose for me, *Tis oft upon the table seen- You've eaten from the same, I ween. T.Srosn. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. To rove or wander first doth mean; Curtail, and you will find Part of a ship, which you, my friend, Need never seek behind. HoeAac W., Brighton.
CHAAIDE. . No. 10. Oh, first, she is the sweeotest lass I ever clapped my eyes on Let all court beauties go to grass-- To me they're only p'ison. She's built as trim as any ship That sails in any water; Her father is old Reuben Rip, And she's old Reuben's daughter. Don't talk to me o' rainbows, mate; Don't talk to me o' roses, Of glory, melons, high estate- They're naught to what her nose is! But, ahl her cheeks would put to shame The smartest soldier going, Who 'mongst the nursemaids wins a name, His scarlet coat a.showing. Her father is a fisherman In total, which a town is ; But, dash my toplights I! if I can Say it of much renown is. To me it is a sacred spot, And when my ship's in second, I hie me to old Reuben's cot, By Cupid's finger beckoned. F. TAa.on, Rock Ferry. CURTAILMENT. No. 11. Full many a pleasant singer In "Tournament" we see, Witty, pathetic, grave, and gay, And clever, you'll agree. Commend me, for sweet singing, To Concordia's varied lay, As welcome as a crystal draught Upon a summer's day. For subtle wit and humour, None equals Barwell's strain; While from Biustead, Price, and Hemery Rich variety we gain. There are many, many others First equal praise we owe: Miss Nixon, Shamrock, Coulson, And Woodent Chlerliketernoo. Ye riddlers here unnoticed, Pray pardon, if you can; He last in this could mention all, Would be a clever man. R. DOUGLAs. PUZZLE IN NO. 525. into an illustration of " The Dog and his Shadow I the right-hand portion under the left.hand portion, LOGOGRIPH. No. 1?. The poor oft use me on their bread Curtail, and now transpose, A well-known wine, Qs colour red, At once this surely shows; Curtail once more, and lastly see A town in Ireland this will be. W. S. SaEN. DECAPITATIONS. No. 13. A pair in whole is seen; Behead, I lineage mean; Without a dread, Knock off my head, I'm only one. I ween. KINDERGARTEN, Frizingten. No. 14. In this, my first. you all will view A word in meaning to subdue; Behead. and it will show to you What this my riddle now doth do. F. WALLIS. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. My first's a word for enemy; MvN second's used to row; Last's a word that means go wrong; You'll all guess this, I know. CRUSADER.