RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
I.-Aminidab Tozer, I mournfully own, Is the awfullest nuisance I ever have known; I've known many nuisances gruesome and grim, Buat I never knew one who could come up to him. His failing is this: If he chances to meet A friend in the 'bus, or the train, or the street, He will capture that friend, and will smilingly croak A wretched and utterly humourless joke. Now, the smartest of jokes, or the smartest of rhymes, Seems dull when you've heard it some hundreds of times; The joke which at first may have caused you to roar, Will pall when you've heard it some thousand times more. Aminidab Tozer ignores human pain, Inflicting his first joke again and again ; In vain you protest that you've heard it before- Though it makes you feel next, you must hear it once more. The first time I heard it, to smile I began (Not because it was good, but to humour the man); Then he told me again, and I smiled-but I know That my smile was extremely expressive of woe. Yet again he repeated that jokelet so vile, And again I forced up that unnatural smile; From weeping aloud I could scarcely refrain, And I felt I'd go third if I heard it again. Again he commenced it, but I, in dismay, With a third shriek of horror, rushed frenzied away. Though in years but a fourth, that vile joke has so told On my health that I feel quite enfeebled and old. Whenever Aminidab Tozer I see, I hide in a doorway or climb up a tree; And, if need be, I'll fly to some far-distant shore, But I won't hear that terrible joke any more! F. W. BINSTEAD. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Cross Words. 2.-F riends of the " Tournament," ye blithesome train, R eceive ye first my hearty salutation. E ager to puzzle you I come again; D o not refuse to hear this slight oration W hile in the second, where ye tilt and fight B rave knights, who third have superhuman graces. I think ye wield the spear of fourth so bright- N o mean ambition fires your eager faces I S o numerous has grown the vast array, T-hat I your many names can last remember. E ach name almost but fifth is in the fray, A nd sending puzzles to the Ed., we say, "D o print them in the number of September." Foundation Words. A clever lady of the riddling band, Whose able verses do enchant our ears; Honoured and famed throughout this happy land, Her well-known name before you now appears. Lorrix W., Brighton. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION, S.-Young Folks' " Letter-Box " I read it, And I pityingly said, " It Needs a Socrates to edit That;" and then imngined what A weary, dreary, awful task it Surely is-to fill " the basket P" No, to answer all who ask. It Seems a most unhappy lot. I imagined that A. Britton Asks, " By whom was Shakespeare written ?" And another, " Could a kitten Practise mew-sic ?" (Could it not !) "Where's the comet now ' skedaddled?' " (One with brains not over-saddled.) "Did Columbus use an addled Egg P"-selections from a lot. " What effect has soap on fiddle- Strings?" And Master Cheetand Diddell Writes (but net to push his riddle) Warmest praises-nay, they're hot I Though imagination lent a Line or two, this does present a Truthful picture (no dissenter Dare deny it) of Ed.'s lot. W. J. SHnARMAg. DECAPITATION. 4.-As the moorland was draped in the shadows of night, And coldly the rain was down-falling, Was heard the harsh cry of the first in its flight, As afar to its mate it was calling. Still the second strode boldly along on his way, Nor seemed in the slightest to mind it, And gazed on the fogbank below him that lay, As if searching for something behind it. When he stood in the valley beside an old well, And saw a fair maid stand beside him, He felt in his heart the all-powerful spell, And was careless of what might betide him. But the power of the tyrant was strong in the land, Her children with chains heavy laden ; Thouigh fearlessly by her the outlaw might stand, Yet cold fear chilled the heart of the maiden. She persuaded and coaxed that his life he should save, To go where he led her, consenting; So they fled to a land that lay far next the wave- And he never had cause for repenting. CoULmso AND SrARLING. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-I'll tell you of a tailor, Who had always been a railer At the dangers that a sailor Oft encounters on the sea. So one day he took a notion That he'd sail across the ocean; But the vessel's rolling motion With poor Snip did disagree. He soon began a-crying, " Would I were my needle plying, Instead of lying dying With this dreadful mal de mer! What put it in my noddle From my first fireside to toddle, Where I was looked on as a model Of propriety, and where " I never sick was taken At the mention of cold bacon, But where I've oft partaken Of a half a pound, at least ? While here, out on the waters, Far from my wife and daughters, If I'm drowned, I'll ne'er be got, as The fish on me will feast." But of course Snip soon got better And he wrote his wife a letter, Saying that when next he met her His adventureShe'd explain. And just next his conversation Is a nautical oration, And he causes a sensation By his stories of the main. SPOTSTrO0E, Glasgow. CHARADES. 6.-Draw nigh, my friends, and hear, For what I say is true. My ,rst is total, howe'er queer It may appear to youen. Second's a part of first, Strange though it be to you; And food that's whole is not the worst To eat. Kind friends, adieu. T. P. Dorc0eo, Whitby. 7.--My whole is afinal, Green, blue, white, or grey; Look under the table, You'll see it straightway; You oft scatter primals Thereon when you feed. Adieu, friends; I've finished- The answer 1 need. Pmwo.
DECAPITATION. 8.-Still must we sneer within a local hall, Where poor Ambition does his best to bawl The creaking couplets of a weeping muse, And is himself the critic for " the news I" Give us ten lines, dear Editor, to write, And free our h's from unwonted slight. Must we sit by and list to untaught men Who'd last us verses from the Laureate's pen Of the " six 'undrid with their sabres bare, Which flashed" (they bellow) "in the sultry hair I" And hear the vocalists-what sorry throngs Mangle poor Dibdin, and disgrace his songs 1 They may be true refrains, but, even so, The comic ones fill us with constant woe; While sentimental wails excite our mirth, And make us feel 'tis bliss to first the earth ! Ba~k to your books, and torture not the ear With songs and poems which were once so dear; The ignorance of men should never roam, But be confided to the slaves at home. This onslaught of a justly angered pair Is but a flash, and has not time to flare; Though you may think it hard as you peruse it, Take observations round, and-you'll excuse it. PRICE AND KITCHNER, Southwark. CURTAILMENT. 9.-Oh, how can I my admiration tell, For those who help our " Tourney's" ranks to swelll Who tune so well the sweet, resounding lyre, That warbler of their soul's poetic fire. While some are given to love-a tender theme- Yet others charm us with their wit supreme; And some will sing of ladies young and fair, And doughty knights who'll any danger dare. Oh, Binstead, with a most prolific brain, How first I've listened to thy witty strain ! Reputed champion of a clever band, Right warmly do I shake you by the hand. 'Also to Coulson is much honour due, For he of cons. has written not a few, And gladly in each riddle I have seen That wit and pathos duly intervene. And Price, who uses satire with effect, Should gain next every riddler much respect. Noe Naime, De Bear, L. Hamilton, and btorr, Agrippa, Aspen, Adcock, Barwell, Raw, And many other riddlers I might name, Who've gained in our grand "Tournament" munch fame. With this I will conclude, and say to all, I am yours, very truly, T. S. SHAUL. DELETION. 10.--Hi goggles were green, and his figure was slim, To innocent me he appeared a "professional," Though others remarked, as they listened to him, "The fool l"-but the matter, of coarse, was discretional 'Twas the street, and a crowd drew around as he spoke, And I thought that his lecture was primal and glorious; They thought it was second-in fact, a good joke, And they shook with the mirth that was truly up. roarious. He said: "Ye have read that the world's of two parts; That's wrong, and I'm going to lecture to ye on 'em. Ye ought to know better, so ope ears and hearts, And to your satisfaction I'll prove there are three of 'em I First of all, there's the part that we live on-the land: The second is water-you've perhaps heard it spokes o'. The third part and last, you must all understand"-- But the rest of his speech most abruptly was broken us. His keepers had caught him I With darkening face, He presented a bearing defiant and bold to them. But he went; and, with infinite pathos and grace, This highly.remarkable legelid he told to them : "My friends, ye have read that the world's of two parts; That's wrong, and I'm going to lecture to ye on 'em. Ye ought to know better, so ope ears and hearts, And to your satisfaction I'll prove there are three of 'em 1" ENIGMA. G. Tnor. 11.-I am a useful thing, no doubt, And you could hardly do without The aid that I oft yield to you When once my homely face you view. For I indeed possess a face, On which ycu many things can trace; 'Tis very thin and very flat, But I don't care a fig for that. I have two sides, also a back, But for my legs there is a lack; And you have often heard it said My hands keep going till I'm dead. And I would here put in a word, Which you no doubt may think absurd; 'Tis this, that I can often die, And yet no one does ever cry, For I can come to life again Without the slightest twinge of pain; A simple touch, and on I go As well as ever, you must know. I sometimes sit, and sometimes stand, And yet no feet I can command. My fate it often is to hang, Till down I fall with awful bang. In nearly every house I'm found, And in some shops I do abound; You see me surely every day- But test the truth of what I say. R. MONTGOMEeT. LOGOGRIPH. 12.-Hark to the first loudly rising and falling, Like fiendish spirits in misery calling I How it swells I And it tells Through valleys and dells, Bringing tales in its motion Of perils on ocean, As with next it loud roars Along rocky-bound shores. Hear it yelling and tearing, Like souls despairing, Groaning and moaning In demon.like glee. A QUILLE PENNs. MONOPHONE. 13.-Though I never yet have done First that's clever, I have one Slight idea that I may One day be a poet gay. Here's some sample poetry, And it ample last to be: " With the dawning day uprose Phcabns, yawning." Sir, that shows What a poet I shall be When I go it presently, Writing, humming, rhymes on "Love." "One day's" coming ! (See above.)VET NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 14.-The fairy queen was seated on her throne (Her courtiers were there assembled near), And said, in topes that sounded like the bells, "I here command good Claro to appear!" The words were scarcely uttered, when an elf, With three attendants, came upon the scene. The queen then said," I wish to hear from you How little sickly Mary Turner's been." LouisA S. BUnDD. PALINDROME. '5,-A Turkish town not far From the 1Egean Sea; Reverse it, and the same It still will surely be. Axr BOEHEER, Shorncliffie.