RIDDLE TOURNAME NT. ENIGMA.
1.-Tobias Short was tall and thin, With hair of russet brown; He wore a tuft upon his chin, And on his face a frown. The reason why (and as I ought), I'll tell you in my song. The cause of woe to Mr. Short Was Miss Lucinda I.ong. Now, Miss Lucinda Long was fair, Lucinda Long was free; Lucinda Long had golden hair, Of inches twenty.three. Lucinda was the village belle, With lovers quite a score; Who'd climb her lattice for to tell How much they did adore. When Toby came, on bonded knee. And ncocs must try his fate. " You've preyed upon my mind," said he; "I pray you be my mate." "Your mate I" she cries, in some surprise. "A prize, sir, you, forsooth I With but a pair of yellow eyes. And one odd.looking tooth I" " Oh, love," he wails, " a little bit, And give me but a kiss!" " Not I; you thought to make a hit, But find you've lost a miss I" " Ah, this," said he, and turned about, " I have a lot of ' tin, But thought not, when I took you out, That you would take me in! " So in the same I'll hide my head. Good-bye !" said he-" good-bye l You said my hair was turning red, So I will go and dye!" L. HAMILTON. BETAGRAM. 2.-'Tis years agone-ay, many a year- Since cultured meads abounded here, Since fruitfnl trees reared high aloof, And shaded many a mansion's roof; While in this valley, close at hand, Upreared a city fair to see, Nestling between these secouds grand, And watered by you stream. Ah, ue ! It was indeed a city fair, And o'er it ruled the King Levaire- An honest man, a doughty knight; Though loth to quarrel, quick to fight. But he in battle bravely fell, And they have tolled his funeral knell ! You scattered heaps of stone and clay Mark where the valley city lay; Those moss.grown blocks, with mouldings rare, Arched o'er the first of King Levaire. On yonder crumbling balcony, Once stood his daughter, tremblingly, To watch him on the field of fight, And wave her kerchief in delight At every gallant victory. That pediment, in fragments lain, Will ne'er rear up its form again Above the porta's of the slain. Those Doric capitals will ne'er Enrich again the columns there! Their glory's been, and passed away, And we are born in their decay, To gaze-at Nature's beauty glad, And yet with saddened mind--and say, " How picturesque, and yet how sad I" H. C. PRrcs. Southwark. ACROSTICAL CENTRAL CHANGE. 3.-F rom nation unto nation I have been, R eviewing each with an untiring eye, E ujoying life as time rolls swiftly by, D elighting in the wonders I have seen. C ould I recall the bygone days, when I O 'er'iountains climbed, and from each giddy height TT pon the scene have gazed with keen delight I L ow at my feet would lie the peaceful vale, S heltered secure from angry storm and gale. O h, yes, my years do number many a score ! N o doubt you've heard of first the next before. M&ARow TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. TRIPLE TELESTICH. 4.-IIistorica was mournful, and Ingenia was sad; "Puzzledom," they both declared, " was going to the bad." Poetical they always are; but where's the puzzles- where ? Ingenia thinks they're ever "wasted on the desert air." Historica for long had heard his friend's despairing wail, And, in a bond of sympathy, then versified his tale. So now Ingenia dries his tears, and crushes all his sobs, And as H. pens this telestich his heart with pleasure throbs. So here's a puzzle, if you like-a puzzle, only that We shall not deal in poetry, we wish to tell you fiat. What's that you say, Ingenia? We are intensely glad We've tried to save oar Puzzledom from going to the bad. Foundation Words. In Flora's realms this lovely flower is seen; Truly she is named the " Floral Queen." Along thy track the screaming engines run, And on excnrsion days 'tis glorious fun. Come, gather round, each sturdy, learned Briton, And find a thing that's spoken, and not written. Cross Words. A mighty Spanish conqueror please view, Whose deeds of daring are well known to you. Means " to ascend " into the realms of air; Now, perspicacious puzzlers, this declare. Within your vision kindly bring this clime; Its regal lord was here once on a time. Concerning all who are favoured with a nose, Or e'en attacking it, please to suppose. HISTOrICA AND INGENIA. DELETION. 5.--'Tis when the lark, trilling on high, Pouring wild notes on the swell (a de. Liciously sweet harmony, Nature's own beautiful melody !), Comes as the herald of Spring-I Spring, with her many.hned diadem- " Potes" their own poetry (!) sing, And naught can their poetic fire dim. Then the Young Folks' office youth Staggers 'neath many a letter-a Terrible first, in good sooth, Of "Sonnets," " Spring Stanzas," et cetera, Leaving some thousands below. Poor fellow, though much he may dread it, or Hate the hard task, he must go And deliver the lot to the Editor. 'And, oh, our dear Editor, he Murmurs, "The fates are immutable I Each year the same crop do I see. Burn them, my last-they're unsuitable I" (We, too, had intended a strain On Spring, but ire value the sanity Of our dearest Ed.--se refrain, And spare him such gross inhumanity.) BorTr OF Us. CURTAILMENT. 6.-With envy and ambition fired, To be a primal he aspired. He wrote-but, oh, the fates unkind I His pieces were "with thanks, declined." But, nothing daunted, on he kept, Burnt "midnight oil" when others slept, And when a piece in print appeared, He'd go out of his mind,'twas feared. And when he'd reached his manhood's prime, He still kept on with prose and rhyme. With next and Cowper now he ranks, For he's no more declined, with thanks. D. G. HOIExs.
7.-I know that you all are sufficiently clever to Find me out, And hope you'll put forward your utmost endeavour to Find me out. In widely.diversified forms I am seen; I'm sometimes a brown colour, sometimes a green; I've been touched by the fingers of noble and Queen. Find me out. Now, riddlers, bring out all your wondrous sagncities-- Find me out. Who am I? I act in a lot of capacities- Find me out. A pris'ner I am, and confined by a chain In one of my lives; but behold me again Disporting myself in a cold, icy main- Find me out. But though I thus live in the Arctic severity- Find me out- In England I brave flame and heat with temerity- Find me out. Come, Price, Coulson, Adcock; come, Saunders, M'Coll, Agrippa and Aspen, Noe Naime, Barwell, Shaul- Here's a challenge for one, and a challenge for all- Find me out ! F. W. BwSTEAD. METAGRAMS. 8.-Moaning goes the wind at the cold Yule.tide, Moaning flows the wave as it beats the vessel's side. 'Mid deep first, in ocean caves, Still the rushing water raves Of the woe and lamentation of the icy winter-tide. As the heaving billow rolls, So the dismal fog-bell tolls, For the ships are wrecked a.,d sunken in the coldly.cruel tide. Laughing blows the wind in the blithe Spring-time. Singing flows the wave in the hope of Summer's prime, And the birds, in pleasant tune, Seem to tell of coming June, When sweet second reigns supremest in the flow'ry Summer-time; And the rippling rivers chime, In a sort of merry rhyme. As they tell of love and beauty in the golden Summer-time. COULSON AND SPARLING. 9.-In first observe a certain tree; Change head, a penalty now see; Repeat this change, kind riddlers all, And you will view a number small. Change head again, and then. I think, 'Twill name a certain kind of drink; Once more the change repeat. and you Will see a plant. Kind friends, adieu. I. F. GERAn, Fermoy. BETAGRAM. 10.-Lost-a primal made of steel, Shaped like half a waggon.wheel. How 'twas lost is very strange, For 'twas near our kitchen range. High and low seek till it's found, Both above and underground. Do not ye the search retard; Great shall be the last's reward. PIs0o. TRANSPOSITION. l.-I have a little birthday book ('Twas sent me on my natal day), At which I often take a look, And sweetly pass the time away. Within the book is placed a name, And underneath, " With love," I scan. In woman's writing is the same- The writing of my loved Susanne. A glorious lay is joined thereto- 'Tis that which I so dearly prize; 'Tis that I read and re.read through, And never seem to tire my eyes. The thoughts are sweet, the words are dear, Which joy unto my soul do send; I first it with a warmth sincere, As though it were by angels penned. Yes, yes, Susanne, I'll keep the lay In fond remembrance next of you. With me alone 'twill ever stay Until the writing fades from view. F. WALLIs, Swindon. ROTATION CHANGE. 12.-A document, a Christian name; A bird does also own the same. A round ball, which, though little, can Work wondrous changes in a man. A sable garment here is seen, Oft used a pallid corpse to screen. This vessel can much liquor hold; It once fell down a bill, I'm told. This is a terrifying thing; Both rich and poor have felt its sting. BARNETTr DE BEARn. OMEGRAMS. 13.-They thought him first, and they mourned for him, Only as true hearts can. Long years have passed, and now he's returned, The boy changed to a man. And as he sits in his olden place, By his next mother's side; He tells the tale of his ocean life, And how he nearly died. The tear-drops roll down the mother's cheeks, Are in the sister's eyes, As they think their own Jack might have lain Where many a sailor lies. Many a prayer to heaven is raised By mother and sweet May, For God has watched o'er their sailor lad, And brought him safe to.day. MAGGIE D., Portsea. 14.-An item of cloth measure; A well.known English town; A little merry fairy; A priest of high renown; An animal bring forward; And, finally, a tree, And then my little riddle At timely end will be. DIANA R. O'D. ANAGRAMS ON REPTILES. 15.-Again cold rice 1 O, I can't eat That food again I Give me some meat. How fast Kate ran, lest Johnnie might O'ertake her and prevent her flight I Where are those pence, Ted, I lent you P You do not know ? Oh, yes, you do ! I must say I call Cooper bad; A paltry, cringing, sneaking cad. Yes, he weas pink, and Tom was red; But all the way the yellow led. Now, you run home; clean up the place, And then fetch me that coloured lace. "Oh, Cora, Robin Scott is here I" "Yes, yes, I know; I saw him, dear." This rose is faded, dear, so I Must get a fresh one by-and.bye. DAmON AN PD PrTiAs. A-~ - -