RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. RIPPI''
Sthe first two letters of a word to form another word.) ,a saltry August evening, not so very long ago, hthe deep old-fashioned window I stood gazing at the seamers on the primal as they paddled to and fro, -t the lights across the Mersey quite amazing; eI heeded not the picture which before me camly lay, yor my thoughts were with a singer far away. qbrough the columns of the " Tourney," but an hour or two before, I oad eager ab d assiduously been glancing, soen a poem, and Fred Wallis was the well-known name it bore, 2lade the brightness of the future more entrancing ; or be promised-O ye riddlers, did you note the pleasing strainP-- That the Tourney" he will ne'er neglect again. bu throughout the day I heard it round about me, sweet and low, Now and then in mellow accents floating o'er me; -ven when I sought my music, deeming it would silent - hen I placed the "Myosotis " right before me, o'er the keys my fingers wandered in the soul.enchanting a"e will ne'er neglect the' Tournament' again." So, while gazing through the window, soaring high on fancy's wmg, Wasted I to seek him in his sweet seclusion, sorI yearned with ardent longing just to hear the poet sing, In his own melodious voice, the clear effusion, - h,forgive me for negleoting what I thought was all in vain, And I promise that my songs shall final wane." Lost in deepest meditation, Fancy led my eager feet, and within his cosy study soon I found him ; Words refuse to paint my feelings, for my pleasure was complete, For, with tales and poems thickly strewn around him, j could hear him murmur softly, and the low, exquisite strain Was "The ' Tourney' I will ne'er neglect again." Sag, oh, sing, my sweet-toned minstrel, for we love to hear your voice, As you stand amid the bards in armour glistening; -very line which breathes true pathos makes the hearts again rejoice Of the thousands who are gathered round you listening. Sing, 0 bard, and make the" Tourney " ring with many a pleasing strain, For you've promised us your songs shall never wane. MsnuAR L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. OMEGRAMS. (Thelat letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 2.-He sat within his lonely room And watched the busy passers-by; At intervals from out the gloom Escaped afirat and mournful sigh. The world seemed very hard to him, No beauty, wealth, or fame had he; Yet, while his prospects were so dim, Each passer seemed of note to be. There came a maiden, on whose face The star of beauty proudly beamed; Her step was light and full of grace, Her eyes with pure enjoyment gleamed. Then passed, in all his manly pride, An admiral of high repute, Whose brilliant clothing seemed to chide The watcher, in his ink-stained suit. At last appeared a man, in whom Fame, wealth, and beauty seemed combined; To him who next within his room, He seemed as blessed as earth could find. This passer caught the jealous eye That watched him, then stepped up in hope: "I'm Oilie's agent; will yer buy Some candles or a lump of soap P" F. G. WzEB. Southwark. 3.-I have a cousin first and gay, I love her more than words can tell; But, oh, she mocks me all the day, This little, blue-eyed belle. I told her that I wished to see My name within the " Tournament;" She clapped her roseleaf hands in glee, And to her mirth gave vent. "You'll next," she said, " I'm very sure I" Then laughed to see my downcast face. My lady's scorn I can't endure, Please, Ed., give me a place. S QUENIE, Chester. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavine another word;) 4.-Kind grandmamma is mending The coat that Jack has torn; And grandmamma is nodding, She's weary, sad, and worn. Now grandmainma has finished. But perhaps the pockets might Be in need of grandma's needle; She'd better look to.night. So here's Jack's hidden treasures, A plum, (much over.ripe), A knife, some marbles, sugar, string- But, ah I what's this P-a pipe i But Jack lives in a knowing age, He clears himself from.troubles; For he, you last, has only used That pipe for blowing bubbles! And grandma's eyes are rather dim (Of course 'tis Jir-t to Jack), Or 'tis most likely she'd have seen The pipe was rather black. F. PHILLIPS, I'ottingham. o MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the same in sound.) 5_-Side by side they strolled together, Down by every grassy dell, Through the woods and on the heather, Blithesome as a marriage.-bell- She a lovelylittle maiden, - He a tall and handsome lad, B- oth with pretty flow'ret_ laden, And both happy, gay, and glad. But in after years, when wedded, First was quite a diff'rent tale In her books was she embeddedi~ . He'd growin far too fond of ale. 9 eSo xat love became diminished, ; Till at last their friends would say Who'd havethiought 'twould thus have finished, After sucl a wedding-day ". . SS. J. HODNs, Greenwich. - wrod which read ackwad or forwards is still the same.)' - :: .-Come, view i.me any way you will, I " shall remain the same word still- :' w rdO of letters four vou'll see, - - :?i+ T +-..- /, ... .+. : .. , . : .iI . , '
BETAGRAMSo. (Change the seoond letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Diminutive M'Muddle Mann Sat o'er a poem hard at work, Which, I first tell you, thus'began: " Smiles on fair Luna's visage lurk." Oh, speedily the hours flew by, As witnessed by surrounding clocks, Ere little Mac, with weary sigh, His piece placed in the pillar-box. Intense was his excitement when Three dreary weeks had slowly gone, And he looked in his mag. to ken The fate of his last cherished con. But what he then perused, I guess (To use the lingo of the " Yanks") Would have discouraged some; for, yes, His " poem" was " Declined with thanks." He sent one more, and with it wrote, " Sir, if this poem is declined ('Tis quite original, you'll note), It may unhinge my troubled mind, And in our family, you know, A suicide may then occur; I'm easily excited, so Be careful of your verdict, sir." Still living is M'Muddle tIeann, Although the " verdict" did nonplus His brain at first ; for thus it ran: " You're too original for us 1" ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 8.-" Oh, Jane, if you'll marry me-don't think me bold- I will soon Pickering of the very best gold; On your finger I'll put it-now, do not look shy. But if you desert me I'm first I shall Dye. Oh, please Boehmer bride, and you'll certainly see Of Helmes I've the best. Now, dear Jane, answer me I" "A Taylor I never will marry, friend Snip; There's a Carter who loves me-I won't let him slip. I never loved much, but I Loveless still now, For a Webb you are weaving around me, I vow. Don't Marshall or ' dig up ' your virtues so rare; But D. Gow you will, you will find nothing there." " But, Jane, I have money, so don't be put out; I would never wed Denny young lassie without. A new leaf I'll turn over-my pipes I'll des-Troy- And this love-stricken Wight will have gained endless joy. In silks and in satins my Bridle be dressed- Payne-ful feelings o'ercome me-please imagine the rest. "Oh, as you've got the Price of all things that I need, Dear Snip, we'll get married; so now we're agreed. To church we will go, but don't Blair it about; Lor I aine(y) one might think we are mad, without doubt. Now, although Cupid's darts have not next wounded me, I will still love my ' beau,' and let th' Archer B." P.S.-Of " beechwood clubs " I have no fear, So please take warning, reader dear. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 9.-A river which through England flows; A man's name everybody knows; A Swedish city here you view; This name, sir, may be owned by you. 'ross Words. Into our midst a score of Sioux burst, Belonging to a fierce and warlike first. A spirit seemed to second round my bed, And take its station just above my head. Last year I went to Scotland, and one day A visit to this town I chanced to pay. The evening came with slowly.fading light, And in its turn did fourth into the night. The schoolboy's copybook was kept with care; No blots or fifth could you see anywhere. My last does mean to limit or restrain; I think that definition very plain. W. D. PICKERINGo AND S. W. HAYES. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 10.-See her surface rich glowing with Nature's adorning, Like the garden of God in the earth's early morning; She raises her crest o'er the blue heaving wave, The birthplace of beauty, the home of the brave. Its soul.thrilling voice no longer is heard, Its soul with the souls of the great is interred- Those warriors bold whose eyes brightly gleamed Like their keen-edged swords as its melody streamed To their warm.beating hearts like a life-giving flood, With its tales of the brave, the chivalrous and good. Cross Words. In famous '54 you got the worst, Take care, proud Bruin, therefore, how you first. Bold Colonel Blood, in Charles the Second's day, With these rich jewels tried to make away. He prostrate falls 'fore gods of wood and stone, And worships them, alas I and them alone. If in the ice the stout ship gets a last, Her voyage is o'er, her sailing days are past. E. BLAIR, Liverpool ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 11.--A lady with luxuriant hair, like glistening gold each braid, M ight, years ago, have oft been seen on primal's Grand Parade. Y oung ? Yes, and beautiful-so thought each "masher" swain, but then Beautv deceptive often is, and so it proved; for when, j ne gusty day in early spring, the beauty, with a smile, E xposing her fine teeth-all false-passed the West Pier turnstile, H or lovely locks and pretty hat were whisked off by the breeze M iles out towards the coast of France, and sank beneath the seas, E xposing all the bumps and knobs her bald old head dis. played. Eight off she ran; and ne'er has since graced primal's Grand Parade. Croess Words. A paper replete with good stories and jokes ; And we're sure you'll agree when you're told That, barring our own precious paper, Young Folks, 'Tis the best of all pennyworths sold. A brilliant authoress known to you all; In Y. F. her stories have pleased great and small. A glorious country of temple and jungle, A British possession 'tin, too; So now. puzzle-solvers. be sure and don't bunrle.
And a country in Asia'yon'll view. The surname of one of our riddlers clever, To emulate whom we should always endeavour. This lady has Written to Yotung Folks for years Grand stories of love, joy, and strife; She has caused healthy laughter and genuine tears- We heartily wish her. long life. To show my.fifth :cross word a tortoise is seen, Which gives us a soulpthat is tasty and green. In the land 'of the Pyramids was this great stone ; But now, very strange to relate. Upon the Embankment-in London is .shown This stobne in its natural state. A riddler who perseveres, time after time,: 'p wits nterl_ puizzles in excellent rhyme.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-The day when Pat Murphy's young baby was chris. tened (It happened just first weeks ago) Was a day when the girls in their fineries glistened, The boys were all dressed in full show. Now, next was Mick Branigan And Mrs. Flanigan, " Biddys," and " Mickys," and " Pats" by the score, And Murphy's first cousins, Relations by dozens, That filled his small cottage right up to the door. They brought out the baby, and likewise the whiskey, And welcomed them both with great glee; But then Pat O'Doughety got rather frisky, And would have Miss Burke on his knee. O'Brien got jealous And took up the bellows, And threw them with aim at O'Doughety's head; Then friendship was parted, The fighting then started, And eyes soon got painted, and all noses bled. Now, Murphy got up, and he shouted, " Begorral Your conduct is simply disgraceful; The way that you're fighting quite fills me with horror. Why can't yez be frindly and paceful ?" While Murphy was speaking, The women were shrieking; You'd almost imagine 'twas Donnybrook Fair. Mick cried, " Howly murther I" But then got no further, For Biddy Magee pulled him down by the hair. Dan Doolan jumped up, and he let out a roar- He'd fight anny man in the land; But he was soon sent sprawling on to the floor With a slap from M'Guinness's hand. A big whiskey bottle Caught Mick in the throttle, Which brought forth a yell that was not very mild; Till at last, with a shout, Patsy cleared them all out, And thus ended the christening of Murphy's first child. J. FnANKLIN. 13.-Children, and their lisping sayings, seem of late to have inspired Many poets to delight us with sweet second, till, I fear, By believing all they tell us, one would think they but required Wings to make them perfect angels-too good for this mundane sphere ! Not that I dislike the youngsters-oh, dear, no 1-so though I'm old, Gouty, bald, and most ill-tempered (so I've heard young rascals say), Still, I soften to them sometimes, for my heart is not quite cold; And I love dear little children--when they're forty miles away I! When it e'er is my misfortune, 'midst a crowd of girls and boys To be staying, their wild capers make me feel as if on thorns; Nothing first them for amusement but a vast amount of noise, Or they stick pins in your chair, or step upon your fav'rite corns I Not so long ago, when staying with the parents of a lad Whose golden curls could scarcely reach the back of my arm-chair, " I say," said Master Impudence, "how tall you grow, grandad I" "Why soP" I said. " Because your head is growing through your hair !" Another urchin once suggested I'was like a Grenadier, For my head was ornamented with a beautiful bare- skin Then the house echoed with laughter at that wicked youngster's jeer. Can you wonder, dearest riddlers, that my love they fail to win? G. H. PaavR. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different meaning with each change of pronunciation.) 14.-Thy hasty words have found a mark Deep in this bursting heart, And Hope has died, a quivering spark, And left the first to smart. Oh, friend, the words a covering spell Have second round my soul; Recall those angry words, or tell Me I am not their goal. T. CARP SPER, Shacklewell. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 15.-I took a saunter through our town, The talk was all of Widow Brown And what she'd been and done. 'Twas not a month ago, you see, Since she did primal Mr. B., With many a sigh and groan. Yet ere her black had lost its gloss, A suitor came her path across; She did not say him nay. Won by her second's mournful grace, By sigh, by ogle and grimace, He's fixed the wedding-day. Should nothing total to prevent, Though not a soul will give consent, And kinsmen grimly frown, She'll married be as sure as fate- Let's hope she won't repent too late. Frailty, thy name is Brown I J. A. MARSHALL, Kenningtou. 16.-My first a kind of gait will show Between a walk and run; My next will bring before your gaze A part of every one; An English town my whole will be ('Tis neither great nor grand); It stands beside Lake Windermere, That borders Westmoreland. i DEMAcHaES.