RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATION. roP the firat letter of a word, leaving another word.) .. . - ... i1 n,-,.
LI it just a while ago- ' Twas part of very graceful verse; And as a theme is sometimes scarce, I might do rather worse, I know, Than just explain a thing or two About the wherefore and the what Which I'm convinced our Laureate knew, When first she would, and she would not. On Sunday she would go to prayers, With face demure, and placid eye, And manner very, very shy, Unlike her usual bouncing airs; But, all the same, she weould not fail To criticise last neighbour's hat, And mark the fashions, new and stale: Thus " My love would, and she would not." In her tall head-dress she would wear The feathers of the sweetest bird, And utter many a loving word About how lovely 'twas and rare; But if her brother brought her in A pheasant they had lately shot. She would not praise, but raise a din: Thus " My love wuold, and she would not." She would not let anear her face The slightest shadow of a frown When promenading through the town, But look all loveliness and grace; But vex her when there's no one near, When she on no good manners stood, And she would stir the atmosphere: Thuns " My love would not, and she would." When with a company she dines, More than a morsel, to contrive To keep the vital flame alive, She would not have; but when no signs Of others' presence first her ear, And she is in a hungry mood, She would make dainties disappear: Thus " My love would not, and she would." On every usual summer morn She'd put appearance in at one, And would not waken with the sun For all her folk's good-humoured scorn; But when a picnic's to be had, She would be dressed ere milkmaids should, And eagerly await her lad: Thus " My love would not, and she would." IVANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. pthe first letter of a word. leawvi another word, expressed in the narrative.l -fe knights of "Tourney," I would make a bold confession to ye all, . thus my thirsty longing slake to ease my breast of what you'd call heavy load of care and thought; so listen while I tell my tale, nd if I say more than I ought to harshly censure me don't fail. testatement's this: I am in love-to what extent I do not know, ot 'tis not with some maiden " dove " whose wings but wait awhile to grow; an wedded to a strong idea that one among us with a name lihhke another, also here, is personally just the same. iow, Nellie Watson-Robert, dear!-can you confirm what I suppose, 'adsay to all your comrades here that you and he, none else, are those p 'Tisilla fiend should utilize a maiden's name and friends mislead, Parding here in maiden's guise our tender, loving hearts to bleed. THE BLACK PRINCE, MLanchester. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) (To F. Forrester.) 1-Mr. Forrester, I thank you for your retrospective rhyme- t was lucky that you wrote it, for it reached us just in time; Infact,a first or two of fiends were just about to go And bring you, willy nilly, to the regions down below oaneswer all inquiries, give to our interrogations Some absolutely necessary verbal explmnations. Your letter caused dissension, strife, I may say blows and bruises, Although it proved your intimate acquaintance with the Muses. 'He didn't know it was a miss '" cried Mepho; "this most awful is ! Tweold next a man to take the name of dreaded Mephis. topheles. 'atsn a name P' the poet asks, while Nellie, gay deceiver, iAppropriateth mine, and Nellie all Young Folcs believe her. y confideace in womankind by this event is shaken, .or she's captivated Forrester-in fact, he's quite miss. S, taken That ;allant knight, Sir S. De Bear, has fallen in an error ihent the mildewed Mercian, the ' Tournamental' terror; We never placed him on the throne; we've throne him from the hall, Ad in the cellar'neath the Styx you'll find him if you call. As for the demon Mitchell saw, and swore it was .rphisto Itstkes me very forcibly 'twas ancient Monte Christo. Mitchell likes to call, although the prospect quite e ppals one, se'l receive a hearty welcome from the true and not the false one. And now, King Mephistopheles, the true, the only real, Will don for once the coat of mail and wield the knightly steel ho'll play against these partners two? a 'spade' 's the turn.up card- sOtr deal; Le Diable leads a trump-to follow can't be hard. Ye plny'the knave, I'll place the king, a pair of knowing blades. ToU ad you'll want the ace of trumps to beat this deuce of spades." LORD RosERT AND MEPHISTOPHELES. CHARADES. W'ormed on a word each tsyllable of orwhlel is a word.) 1'-rst does the next in plough.furrowed field, Whilst munching the end of reflection, And natural shortsightedness thereby revealed To a mind quick at making detection. And frrst doing inect on my sweet, pretty whole, hoes trample and smash, and does batter; Not contented with tha, will then lie dowu and roll On the whole, whilst its mien says. "No matter 1" R. L. JEFFERSON, London. 5.-Il first doth never prove Second to be, Whole will not value him, Whoe'er he bel MAIDIa~
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 6.-If you saw, 0 gentle people, a wild madman chase a steeple, And you dared to call that man a steeple-chaser, Tell me, ere my hot blood curdles, if you saw him racing hurdles, Would you swear he should be called a hurdle-racer P If a military varlet running off in coat of scarlet Might consistently be called a scarlet-runner, Then, if 'gainst a wall he stumbled and, quite senseless, headlong tumbled, Would you smile and call that wall a reg'lar stunner P If, when in a friend's yacht sailing, you observed that friend's face paling As you calmly styled his yacht an old wood-cutter, Would you venture to remind him, as you saw his passion blind him, That a buttercup is not a cup of butter ? If the cat, with crickets frisking, near the fire its life were risking, And you called that cat a splendid cricket-player; Would you hesitate observing to the waiter, dinner serving, That you never saw a more expert plate-layer P If in Canton town or harbour you beheld a native barber, And remarked your joy to see a Chinese clipper; Would you, if your wife fell sprawling on the parlour floor, cease calling That prostrated wife a pretty carpet.slipper P If you struck a thief with wonder who should chance your watch to plunder By declaring him to be a good time-keeper, Would you, when by train you travel, with a dozing stranger cavil To make clear that he, asleep, 's a railway-sleeper ? PHILO, Glasgow. 7.-She had stores of wondrous knowledge, More than many a man can boast; She had trained at some great college, And had tutors quite a host. All the arts by college masters Perfectly she had been taught; Sciences, deep and mystical, With diligence she had sought. She could rattle off old Euclid, Give the distance of the sun, Tell the magnitude of planets, Or Rome's battles every one; She could read both Greek and Latin, Sanscrit knew, and Aryan, too; Geology she was quite pat in, Algebra she well could do. You'd have thought that she was perfect In what any girl should know; But I'll tell you in a moment. That it was not really so. Well, I made this star my wife, sir, But I made myself a guy; For she could not for her life, sir, Make a common apple pie l W. E. CULg, Llandaff. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 8.-While at home t'other night, in my old chimney-seat, There happened some things very queer to repeat; It often doth happen when ,primal you sit, lBeuttiful visions before you do flit. While watching serenely the fire's golden blaze, It formed, so to speak, in a luminous haze; And there in the centre thus dreamily made, Pictures, familiar to me, were displayed. These pictures I'm sure you would give much to see, So if for a while you will liiial to me (And interrupt not, or you'll soon rouse my ire), I'll write of the pictures I saw in the fire. The scenes must begin, as you know, with the first. (Sincerely I trust it will not prove the worst.) ,lowly the picture appeared in the flamo, Showing the "forty" of Christmnastide fame. There I the forty beheld in i eiief With plea.sure, though slighl?,y 'twas mingled with grief ; Bravely those friends in the "' Tournament, " fought, Gaining great honours that dearly were boughlt. Yet, as I glance down the " Tournament" page, Where are those friends who this war once did wage? This is the question I wish to inquire, As subject the first of the scenes in the fire. The scene number two that appeared to my eyes At o ce seemed to cause me no little surprise; So prettily drawn from that Ireland of green, The photo of Ivanhoe quickly was seen. Then in a minute another one came, And Patrick appeared by his side in the frame; Hibernia's minstrels together in song My exquisite dream seemed for once to prolong. But moments of pleasure are fleeting, and so Not long did the lay from their lips sweetly flow; They vanished, and left me the space to admire- Thus ended the second of scenes in the fire. Picture the third that appeared in the flame Showed me two ladies of " Tournament " fame; Both of the names unto you are well known, Though from a different point I must own. The first in the " Tourney's " appearing to-day, Cheering the knights with each beautiful lay ; For news of the other for long we must yearn- She's gone from the " Tourney," no more to return. The first clever lady is our " Tourney's" queen, In Miss Jennie Arthur my second is seen; Deep admiration these names will inspire, As the last, but the greatest, of scenes in the fire. E. GEORGE, London. 9.-Utensils which the garden And the kitchen Are quite rich in; And I have seen them used To melt pitch in. In road or street You sometimes meet With gay schoolboys, Who with these toys Make playhoars pass so fleet. The leopard's skin exhibits next, 'Tis sometimes on your face, And on the surface of the sun It also finds a place. News from far and near, Friends who hold us dear Send us, through the aid of fou'th, Our hearts to warm and cheer. When playing an organ my fiJtal you'd use To vary the tone and effect; And in the " Olympic" our Editor styles The abuses of it a defect. MANDARIN. 10.--For long I did cndeavour To make this weighty "pun," And I'll masticate my beaver If 'tis not a proper one. A quarter of sweets is quite a treat, A quarter of this is not-so sweet; Then half a pound of something to eat. Now at rewat my "pun" is complete. R. WaTrT, Glasgow. 11.--Find me a fruitful tree; Transpose, and you will see An article much used By men on land and sea. BAss, Chester.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAMS.o (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 12.-Mr. Marsh, I see, is curious Just to know if I am spurious, Or the same great Hercules that's so renowned in tale of yore; So I give an early answer, Ere I mount my noble prancer, And return to Mount Olympus from this cold terrestrial shore. Let me calmly tell you now, sir, As I make my parting bow, sir, That I'm the one original and only Hercules, Who was lately sent by Zeus, sir, With the fair poetic muse, sir, To take part in this fine "Tournament," and all the knights to please. But old Time has been a changer Since I was a giant ranger O'er the Grecian plains and mountains and the coasts of southern seas, And although I'm in no hurry, Yet I'm sick of all this worry. And would fain take a vacation in Olympia's land of ease. For the bother now is awful, So I think 'tis only lawful That I fly to realms immortal just to freshen up my mind. There a fellow's never worried, Or poetic feelings flurried, By the strains of barrel-organs, or the thoughts of cons. declined. But at Christmas I'll return, sir, And again with ardour burn, sir, To engage once more in "Tournament," and riddling friends to please. So I bid you now good bye, sir, Till again I have a try, sir, But I trust you won't forget your friend and comrade Hercules. HERCULES. 13.-We were studying the "Tournament" In Number Nine-two-nine, And we came across a riddle Just when we were off to dine. It was in the second column, And its number, friends, was ten; And the mystery invited us At once to raise our pen. It was signed by two initials That we couldn't quite make out; And we ask all riddlero worthy Just to help us this to rout. " B. P." are these two letters; P'r'aps " Bald-headed P'arson," or "Bad Penman," we were thinking, And we hit on several more. " Bright Punster"--if the latter We shall certainly be glad To receive your punning efforts, Be they good or be they bad. Our fancy led us higher, To ideas of every kind; So we ask for explanation Just to ease our troubled mind. P.S.-Perhaps our comrade, C. T. P., likewise 0. K., Can a light shed on this subject- Who this mystery is say ? SCHNEIDBR AND RiOAD ARROW, Hades. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAIM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word. expressed in thle narrative.) 14.-Our Jack and Jill went up the hill Because that way was shorter To reach the stile-not their's the style Of mixing milk with water. And, having reached and crossed the stile, They stool absurdly winking; The maid she blushed, the youth he laughed, Both on the same theme thinking. So oft at eve they passed long hours In billing, wooing, cooing, As yet unconscious of the storm That o'er their lives was brewing. Harsh gossip slandered Jack's good name, And Jill was quick to hear it; The brewing storm at last had burst, Jill vowed she couldn't beer it. They parted; Jack, the one-time 'ale And spirit-ed young rover, Grew sad, morose, and oft was seen A-roaming the fields over. He swore his Jill had jilt.ed him (A p'int that marred his talent), For quart-er begged, unlike the Jack, One bravely bold and gallon-t. Poor Jill af-firom.ed her hop's were gone, That all her balm had faded. Did Jack believe she was a jade Because he felt so jade-d ? Not so; the pair grew thick again, And naught can them dissever, And now they rest upon the shelf-- They're bottled up for ever. The weeks and months passed quickly by. And then, to Jack's elation, He started, with a bouncing b'y, Another Ain.eration. Our coup-le's cup of happiness Was filled to overflowing, And those who oroa-ked and slander talked Were forced to stop their crow.ing. Although the hill of life is steep, And sometimes tries the "wheezy," They're toiling on in sweet content, And mount'iu' it quite easy. Few cares or sorrows dim their lives, The "cup" is now a "pewter," And happy Jill does not regret That Jack appeared to suit-her. V. D. TAYLOR AND F. JOHNSON. VERBAL CHARADE. ;A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 15.-One-fourth of hair, One-fourth of fair, And then one-eighth of teaching; One-fourth of hump, One-fourth of lump, And now one-eighth of reaching; One-fourth of neat, One-fourth of meat, And then one-eighth of blushing; One.fourth of deal, One-fourth of real, And now one-eighth of flushing; One-fourth of jerk, One-fourth of yerk. If you'll peruse this con. for me You'll find a well.-known sage; I hope successful he will bhe When writing for this pag'. Looit TICKLE-'EMI-UP. CURTAILMENT. (IProp the final letter of a word. leavine another wrord.) 16.--Curtail an animal; you'll find A kind of snake is left behind. Curtail a luscious fruit, and you A vegetable then will view. Curtail a precious stone, I trow, An orchard fruit it then will show. Curtail a poet, and you trace The wand'rer's refuge in his place. E, J. SCHOFELD Awn A. R. S~. RITC.
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 17.-A babel of voices most shrill, Most loud and unutt'rably deep, That shaketh the fort of our will, And makeh our "tenders" to creep; A throng, mixed and motley, of folks, Of youngsters who think themselves men; Some also as men had been known, But now would be voung-ters ag'in. They leered in a piriful way, They grinned with an idiot glee; And it seemed as how many a " tile" Were hov'rin' above 'em-and me, Why, what was their object in this, In brawlingly raising such broils? I know that the vapoury " steam " Will " out " when the poor kettle boils i Then get at the fire, bobby, pray, And rake it to gleads, boy i' blue; And the pot 'll cease b'ilin' as soon As coldness has pamssed through and through. They with not ? Good gracious, Sir Bin, ! Then I've no other "that were," nor " how;" Place no more coal in the grate, sir, But tell me the fash of the " row." BoY I' BLUE SPEAKS: "You see, sir, a person most bad, Unhee ling the might o' my hand (Who can't read a letter, nor write, Nor respect the law o' the land), He collars what's never his own, And tak's to his heels, as, of course, The thief he is fleet i' the feet, And Moucher's as fleet as a horse "- "Now, what are ye drivin' at, Blue ? All mouth, I am scarcely all ear; Unbosom thy beautiful self, D'ye hear ? d'ye hear ? d'ye hear ?" "Have patience, or else I'll he 'mum." The Moucher, as I was a.-sayin', Was off like a racehoss; behind Came the crowd, like donkeys a-brayin'. I had the poor fellow at bay- Why, justice is better'u law, But not when the bread-basket gets A back-handed thump i' the jaw I I ran just ter meet 'im. yetr know, An' he wur a-comin' full speed- I've a duty to do, not to shirk, Nor to burke, when there's clearly the need- So I bumped 'gainst his body wi' force, And sent him all fours i' a whiff; But not wi'out gettin' myself, As I tell ye, a staggerin' tiff. Now, I hold to my man, and the crowd Came up i' their 'undreds around, All glarin' at Moucher wi' spite, An' him out o' breath o' the ground. But I swallowed my tongue wi' a smack, And tugged my moustache 1' despair; When, painted in large on his back I read, ' Interferers beware !" I axed him the meaniu' o' that, An' what d'ye think, sir, he said P? 'I was hungry, and fruit is so sweet, An' Moucher is light i' the head.' " "So that is the ' cause' of the row ? Make game of their own flesh and blood, An animal proper to hunt, And fit for the mire and the mud- The mud of a dirtier crowd, ' Right' trimpnhing over' VWrong;" But, good boy i' blue, 'tis a 'u ight ' To which we should scorn to belong." V. i). TAYLOR. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, cxpressol Ia the narrative ) 18.-Over the sea the south wind blew, Wasting their whispers to my ear; Louder his passionate pleading grew, Do what I might I could but hear. "Dearest," he murmured, "oono little kiss, Here in the shade of your parasol- One, only one, you would not miss; No one can see us here at all. "Long I have w aited to bring you hero, Here to the shore, where all alone I can confess my feelings, dear, Call you my treasure, my love, my own. "Give me the kiss, I bee." he cried, Surely your eyes say ' Yes,' my dear !" Then came a pause, and the maid replied, "Harry, you wretchI you've been drinking beer l" A. SEALEY. MONOPHONE. (Words of dioferent meaning, but the same in sound.) (To Hercules, in No. 932.) 19.-My dear Hercules, you have made a mistake In the con. you just lately indited; The error is slight, and I first it will take Very little to have it soon righted. You mentioned 'yours truly'-a riddler just growin' - As upholding Scotia right well; But the champion of Scotland, 'tis very well known, Is knight Philo-each riddler can tell. I'm proud of my country, as last doubt you are Of Cambria, the land of the leek; We know you're the champion-the only bright star- That comes from fair Wales, so to speak. W. L. MILLER, Glasgow. ANAGRAM. 20.-I learnt some clever things when I was young, Within " the class room," now so dear to me; The playground dim where many a song was sung, Brings back reflections of the blithe and free. The little cottage, too, where total lives, Lies close where many a holiday we spent; Yes, schooldays are the best, and love forgives, My heart beside the lily, rose, and scent. C. F. BLACKBURN.