RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAMS.
(The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 1,-First ladies, gentlemen, and friends, Et cetera, et cetera, Apologies the writer sends, Et cetera, et cetera. He prayeth grace and pardon free, His jingle being, as you see, Devoid of ease, art, melody, Et cetera, et cetera. He bath addressed you in charades, Et cetera, et cetera, Hath termed you riddlers, poets, bards, Et cetera, et cetera; And he would second take again His lyre, to chant a little strain Concerning poetry and rain, Et cetera, et cetera. Aquarius one fine morn did rise, Et cetera, et cetera, Viewed the green earth, the smiling skies, Et cetera, et cetera, And said, " What have I gone and done P Here are flow'rs blooming like old fun; Here's corn a-ripening in the sun, Et cetera, et cetera. "Bring me my water-pail and clogs, Et cetera, et cetera; I'll make some mnd, and ponds, and bogs, Et cetera, et cetera l" And seizing then his dripping pail, He did this under-world assail With showers of rain, and sleet, and hail, Et cetera, et cetera. The floods of rain, the frozen drops, Et cetera, et cetera, Muddied the streets and spoilt the crops, Et cetera, et cetera. Pedestrians were wet and wild, Umbrella men and bootblacks smiled, While builders swore their trade was sp'iled, Et cetera, et cetera. The farmer saw the deluge spread, Et cetera, et cetera; It went "against the grain," he said, Et cetera, et cetera. The poet watched it through the pane, Aud twanged his tuneful lyre again, And said, " How lovely is the rain 1" Et cetera, et cetera. I've done; but ere my pen I stay, . Et cetera, et cetera, Here's to the ladies I Long may they, Et cetera, et cetera. Miss Marin T., Miss Maggie D., Miss Evelyn G.. Miss Amy B., Miss R. O'D., Miss Marie C., Et cetera, et cetera. Here's to the bonnie land o' cakes, Et cetera, et cetera, The land o' hills, and Burns, and lakes, Et cetera, et cetora ; But I have stayed my fiery course, And stop to take my winged horse Back to the nswtos, remaining yours, Et cetera, et cetera. P.S.-I should not last to say, Et cetera, et cetera, (I wish I'd not begun this way, Et cetera, et cetera) One matter I must touch on: 'tis A matter that I must not miss Adverting to; and that is this, Etcetera, et cetera. D. Gow. 2.-'Twas in the fair springtime I first saw her, standing Whre daisies and buttercups grew all around, Like silver and gold spangles tht own in profusion Upon the earth's mantle, the soft velvet ground. 'Teas in cloudless summer I wooed my sweet Bessie, When roses were blowing, and birds sang their song; 'Teas then that I nervously asked her the question, And caht the sweet " Yes, dear !" that fell from her tongae. 'Teas in the rich autumn I wedded my Bessie, When trees that were blushingthrew off their brown leavesl Aid lofty first hedges threw shades o'er the roadway, And bounded the fields where stood the gold sheaves. 'Tlws in the cold winter they came for my darling- The angels who bore her away to their home; nd now I am waiting, so wearily waiting, Until they shall send her to beckon me "Come ' s1, hprinoe may come, and fair summer may And autumn whose charms are the fairest to see; 't till that dear time that I see her and ne~t her, 'Tis inter, drear winter, for ever to me ! EDITH K. BFINDLE. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. Drop the iral letter of a worde, leaving another word, expressed. b st then imo thy· eme ~.narreative.e ebought for " more song " his apparatus at a o ale; enw for days the art he studied there's no need to Sffi it to remark he thought he'd mastered each detail. tered each itd now'tlPas time to put his photographic skill to trial. h ould he firis st portray P Why, whom, indeed, Aid h ois beloved ? Adtg she uffered with a cold, he wouldn't take tamto verd pleas to be excused he listened quite A lenegy resignedt, she eat, while he proceeded to make hen, bidoiug Tieras t led l bi g I me the necessary air of ease, edi beneath the cloth. but when he cried, Mdy dear, now, steady I"t "e features were convulsed with an intense desire to bh tionme, by strength of will, the dreadful inolina. ast then Timbothy emerged from underneath the Re seized eied upon the "dry plate" with mu'unconcealed S'rttlteni.sg what a storm of rage 'twas destined soon Po y M'Coll is almost broken.hearted' wit grp f when 'twas prepared, too plainly .Pitted. srted face . . . In anger then they id ow° ser that photograph a negative will prove, A. AmIERLEY, Manchester. Ihiwiwli PALU-NDROMIE. -ack wards or forwards is ahlll the same.l 4'-gA , .h townplease bring to view know it wall, and so doyou); pFlYerse,-aud now the same you'll see s t.o ty sad find it dnt for me. T. J. M',R., Limavad,.
ACROSTICS. (Aword,or words, formed of the Initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 5.-Oh, there was a merry minstrel, such a merry minstrel he, Who upon a certain morning sang a certain melody; And I listened to the music with a joy I can't define, But it sent a thrill of pleasure through this subtle heart of mine. Oh, there is a merry minstrel, such a merry minstrel he, And his magic harp is golden, and his voice is rich and free; In the sunshine, in the shadow, he hasever faithfol been. May his well-known name for ever 'mong the tried and true be seen I Cross Words. They have called my primal " father," yet they tell me he has wings. Fourth, and second too, are portions, though they are but little things. 'Tis far past its prime; And therefore upon it I cannot waste time. His songs are re-echoed throughout the vast land; His name is familiar in this little band, Perchance 'tie you, perchance 'tis me; a sister or a brother, A stranger, or a relative, a father, or a mother. Let me define it as I ought By simply stating it is naught. A poem upon it I'd write, quite resplendent- That is, were it not, shall I say, independent. Who would be a shrew, a scold, Like this wife of old ? How often doth the amateur poet rise to sing, And show the muse's powerin a gallant tenth to spring I One, two, three, and four; There, I will not say more, For my fial is seen without reaching a score. MLalox L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. Foundation Words. 6.-How oft have I read o'er thy riddles with pleasure, And envied the rhymes that have flowed from thy pen I And, humbly, I pray that you long may have leisure To shine in our "Tourney " again and again. Accept the small tribute of praise that I bring you, Believe me, it is with sincerity sent; And, sweet lady riddler, long, long may you live to Shed sweetness and grace o'er our grand "Tour. nament." Cross Words. A sheet of water sometimes deep and wide, And bounded by the land on every side. Firm in its native strength this tree doth stand, The forest's pride in our own native land. For several years this city held out well; At length, by craft, before the Greeks it fell. Upon this noble stream, with flags unfurled, Are stately ships from all parts of the world. You sometimes use this when you want to write, Or when a note you to a friend indite. A planet this will name, without a doubt- 1 fear too quickly you will find it out. This season, you will say, although 'tis drear, Of all the year brings forth the goodliest cheer. THE UNKNOWN. Foundation Words. - 7.-A riddler famous Here you view; I'm sure his name is Known to you. Cross Words. A knight who many a lance has bent In the " Riddle Tournament." The prisoner rose; he burst his chain, And once more he was next again. A town in Ireland third will name; Read backwards or forwards, 'tis the same, Ser fourth put down An English town. A card game Fifth will name. A tint of blue In sixth you view. A famous river will be seen By you in the last, I ween. A. J. GRnIFFITH. Foundation Words. 8.-Below you'll find the name Of a riddler of fame. Cross Words. First is a number rather small; Next is a man both large and tall; A well.known liquid is my third; For fourth please find a vicious bird; A colour in next you'll find, I ween; In last another colour is seen. A. A. DYKEs, Southampton. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 9.-His flaxen curls fall lightly on his brow, The tiny hands are close together pressed, And flowers are strewn upon his little breast, And o'er the heart so still and silent now. His toys are lying on a table near; They'll nevermore be clasped in his hand, For Death has borne him to the Better Land- Has stolen him we loved and held so dear. His little birdie will not sing this morn- It listens for its master's voice in vain The childish tones will ne'er be heard again, And all his pets are lonely and forlorn. Yes, Death has taken him we loved so well- The little flower too sweet and fair for earth, The tender child, so fragile from his birth And he has gone in heavenly realms to dwell. Oh, let us hope that when our time shall come, When on the earth our troubles.will be o'er, And Death shall bear us to the Golden Shore, We'll meet our darling in our Father's Home I DELETION DE DOUGLAS. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) Prima!. 10.-With garments torn and blood-stained feet, A beggar creeps adown the street Poor wreck! to-night thy longing soul Shall find her rest within the goal. Final. With sails all torn and cordage rent, With hearts forlorn and courage spent, A captain and his noble crew Shall hail to-night their rest in view. CmsITELLA P. CREL.M, MONOPHON. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.)" 11.-First stand upon the lonely shore Around, as far as siert can reach, The billows furious leap and roar, Apd dash upoz the rooky beaih. It a a dieadfuln·lght to be Upon tb' angry, stormly Sea. IVANHOE, Beifast.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-In the house, around the house, where'er I may be roaming, The pattering of tiny steps at once proclaims her coming, And e'en beyond the pri'nal bounds, through glades and ferny hollows, She deems a duty due to me, and quite sedately follows- My faithful Fairy Fancy! When I enter in the morning, she is always first to meet me, Skipping in her wild delight, and springing on my lap to greet me. Oh I if you knew but half the stories I could tell about her, You wouldn't wonder that I say I could not do without her- a c Without my Fairy Fancy. 'Twas when the infant year had spent some thirty days in snowing, And ponds and streams were frost enthralled, and chill winds were a-blowing, That my birthday dawned 'mid snow-clouds, closing ever thick and thicker, And the postman brought my present in a cosy nest of wicker- Brought unknown Fairy Fancy. No note, nor card, accompanied to aid my fruitless guessing, No word, a clue to whence she came, or who she was, expressing; But round her slender throat a dainty ribbon she was wearing, From which depended gracefully an ivory tablet, bearing The legend, " Fairy Fancy." So, though the friend who christened her I never could discover, I've always called her by that name, and by that name I love her. But, kit, your lot has not been altogether one of roses ; There's many a secret sad within your troubled breast reposes, 0 gentle Fairy Fancy I Dost mind the day my brother launched his cutter and installed you As caprain of the craft, whereby he terribly appalled you, And o'er the rippled surface of the lakelet tent you sailing, Till I flew to the rescue, summoned by your plaintive wailing- Your wailing, Fairy Fancy P 0 poor, ill.-treated kitten, and O naughty, naughty brother I You never, never will be friends, I fear, with one another; But here's a ray of comfort, kit, your weary heart to lighten- The holidays are fleeting, and he's going back to Brighton Next Monday, Fairy Fancy. They say that cross old man who pushed you from his wretched lettuce Is off to spend a holiday, so his grim looks won't fret us. Then, oh I the merry rambles through the groves that blossom o'er us! And, oh I the glorious scrambles o'er the hillocks third before us ! What joy, my Fairy Fancy I What cosy mornings in my rustic corner's sweet seclusion I Where I read you all my letters without second of intrusion; Where laburnum's golden tassels guard our confidence and quiet, And the peace is unawakened by the racket and the riot Of those boys, my Fairy Fancy I AsxY BIoEHMER. 13.-" How fair, dear love, thou look'st to-night, Bedecked with jewels pure and bright, That, 'gainst thy face and arms so fair, A borrowed splendour seem to wear 1 Dear, thou wast kind to come to me, For now my love-sick eyes on thee May feast awhile, and, feasting, gain A solace to primal their pain. But thou art sad-thy bosom heaves, And soft as sound of falling leaves, Faint, tender sighs 'scape from thy throat, And I, too, love, with sorrow note That pearly teardrops dim thine eyes. What is it, love P-whence doth arise This overmast'ring, awful woe P Oh, tell me, dear, for I omust know." Soft and faint as summer's breeze, That scarcely stirs the forest trees, Sweet as the sound of ve.4por bell Echoing over hill and dell, Came forth an answer from the maid That soon her lover's fears allayed; For as to stop her tears she tried, These words she slowly, sweetly sighed: "The ball will be to-morrow night, And my best dress is such a fright ! I really could not go in that. But pa has put his foot down flat- Says he won't buy another one, And so, dear Edwin, I'm undone. He says a final he will bet I in the old one will go yet. Boohoo, boohoo-ohoo-ohoo I I really don't know what to do." And fainting on the grass fell she, All through her pa's great tyranny. Alck! alack! but sad to say, Thus will it be till dark doomsday: The girls their dresses will wear out, And parents will their pleading flout. TINT. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14,-How we glory in existence When the springtime is in bloom, And the sunshine lends assistance To dispel the wintry gloom I Joy now takes the place of sadness, Smiles are wreathed upon each face Beauty ev'rywhere, and gladness On all nature last can trace. Rivulets are gaily flowing Through the pasture-lands and leas; Flowers of ev'ry hue are growing, Robes of green are on the trees. Showers of melody are springing From a thousand warblers' throats; Insects their glad way are winging, On the air sweet music floats. Oh, 'tis sweet to walk at even Wher.e the woods and meaows are, When fair Luna, lamp of heaven, Shines, and many a sparkling star I Tender feelings then steal o'er us- Thoughts our lips can never word With such grandeur spread before us, All our hearts with first- are stirred. AR~cER B.. Kentish Town. 15.-Oh I first morning breezes of cheery September, I welcome you back, and will ever remember The music you bear dn your wide-spreading wings, Far sweeter than that of the harp'stivanging strings; For the sweet voice of Nature, from foSest and les, Is the strain of the song that you whisper to me. And you seem to be charmed with a magical power To bring back the joyance of youth's gladdest hour; And astin m .oaneD, udohanted by;you, Tlee days o'f Wsy oyhoodlare vass-'ng in view, T. Nixow, Dudley Colliery,
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ 16.-Last night I sat down in my garret alone, And was just on the point of inditing. A newr "Ode to Spring" that would make critics own What a genius in secret was writing, When that creature next door to my seven-roomed hut, Who still wears a four boot on a number five foot, Her piano began through its labour to put. i've no doubt you, dear riddlers, have all suffered, but Way is this thus ? I frowned and I glared into space now and then, In the throes of profound contemplation ; But ill-lack was mine, for sweet music again Interrupted my deep meditati *n. 'Twas a man with an organ-not barrel, but cask- Who began his incessant, laborious tack (The musician, his organ, and tunes were all Basque). Suoh a thing is quite common, I know; but I ask, Why is this thus? I scowled at the wretch from my four-storey perch; He continued defiantly grinding For full half an hour, when he went on the search For the money to pay for his winding. As each moment was precious, again I sat down, When a vile German band, the one pest of the town, With " The Flowers that Bloom in the Spring" did me brown. I'm aware we must suffer; but, bards of renown, Why is this thus ? I dashed down my quill, banged my hat on my head, For the torture was most agonizing, Tore open the door, down four flights of steps sped, With alacrity really surprising. Round the corner I rushed, met a sweep in the face, Caukht him full in the chest in the midst of my race, And as gently we fell in a loving embrace, I burst forth, in a voice heard all over the place, " Why is this thus?" PHILO, Dundee. ENIGMAS. 17.-In youth exalted high in air, or bathing in the waters fair ; Nature to form me took delight, and clad my body all in white; My person tall, and slender waist, on either side with fringes graced, Till me that tyrant man espied, and dragged me from my mother's side. No wonder now I look so thin-he stripped me to my very skin My skin he fayed, my head he cropped, my head and foot were also lopped; And then with heart more hard than stone, he picked the marrow from the bone. He oft employs me in disguise, and makes me tell some thousand lies; From me no secret can he hide-I see his vanity and pride; And my delight is to expose his follies to his greatest foes. All languages I can command, yet not a word I under. stand. Without my aid, the best divine in learning would not know a line; The lawyer must forget his pleading, the scholar could not show his reading. Nay, more : my master is my slave-I give command to kill or save; Can grant ten thousand pounds a year, and make a beggar's child a peer; But while I thus my life relate, I only hasten on my fate. My tongue is black, my mouth is furred, I hardly now can force a word; I die unpitied and forgot, and on some dust-heap lastly rot. J. TRIaBEtr. 18.-I from my parents differ more Than ever offspring did before; My father, like vain Phaiton, May well be termed Apollo's son, My mother, of much humbler birth, Is but a daughter of the earth; Unequal thus my birth you trace, Yet I proceed from warm embrace. Oft my fierce sire and yielding mother Proved the destruction of each other; Enough of them-my duty's paid, So let them rest in ashes laid. In days of yore an easy life I led, and moved unmixed with strife; Now every battle gives me birth Where thousands strew the blood-stained earth, There's not a man on me depends But he'll be sure to lose his ends; Full many a project in me centre, And I am the sum of many a venture. Come, if you have me, hold me fast; I shall escape your hands at lIst. SYNTAX. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-Maidens, come listen, this is for your ears, Not for our riddling brothers. Will they think first bold If I should ask them (would you do so, dearsP) To stand aside while I my tale unfold P Have they all gone P That's right; come, listen now: A dreadful "form " before mine eyes has come; And next beneath its thraldom all must bow, Though at its lyideous form we third struck dumb. Come closer while I tell you all I may- I guessed that soon the "thing" would come in sight By traces I have seen from day to day; And now, alas I the " monster's " here in might. Oh, weep, last maids, oh, weep of tears a shower, And shiver when I tell you what I've seen Approaching, till at last it's in full power- The graceful, the artistic crinoline I ANNIE. A. ROYSTON, Sheffield.