RIDDLE TOURlNAMIENT, NARRATIVE METAGRAMU
N al nt a tea V Yt :fJ m Ia &ule,. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another o e 1.-I know 'tis but a faded rose, Whose beauty and perfume are gone; Though once it grew as fair as those Which now their blooming hues put on. By Helen's hand 'tWas torn apart From off the stem whereon it fgew; And when she placed it o'er my heart, It blushed as though our love it kntw, It witnessed the first kiss of love In which our chaste young lips did meat, Acd when our vows were born alove, It saw oar happiness complete. Then wonder not that I should prize A thing which some would cast away; Through it I seem to realize The joys of that remembered day. S. Woo00 DMETAGRAMBS. (OBiange the itat letter of a word to forth another weN, 2.-"-lGude friends, this warld is seund to soae, To ithers hollow as a drum, Wi' first enon' to mak' us glum, But rarely pleasant; And fu' o' thoughts o' what's to come, Forget the present. A few there are wha start this life Wi' ne'er a thought o' care an' strife, And ilka thought o' hope is rife 'Ilid their endeavours; But disappointment's cruel knife That fond hope severs. Anither burns wi' feverish heat To reach the goal wi' flying feet, And boasting he knaws na defeat, Wi' voice the strangest; And falling frae the highest seat, His fall's the langest. Anither gazes free afar- For him there next na guidibg star; He walks far frae the banks of a' Life's shoals and ditches. But pity him-his life is na' Bat wants and riches. TAn O'Seacni, 3.-In a cottage or a palace I'd be happy with my Alice; For sbe is both first and wise, And goodnu:e b,.:.:?. from her blue eyes, Sweetly dauceth sLhc aud sings ; She wanteth but a next of wings To be an angel of delight When she's clad in a robe of white. E. J. T. , NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another, expresi in the narrative.) 4.-With a little animation, and a slight antic:patioe Against mental aberration. I most manfully do fight; And in hopes this annotation will receive your app- bation, Admiration, adoration, I alliteration write. Oh ! I seek no abnegation, neither with acceleration Give merany abrogation for approximation shows; iBut with due accentuation, minus all amplification, May this con. gain acceptation in the "Tomrney' d renown. In a state of agitation do I make this application, With a style of affectation that I have not power to curb; Yet I trust no altercation, allegation, accusation, Nor the slightest aggravation, will our happindl disturb. While I shun appropriation and u"-;e 1-gnmenttioo, Whilst avoiding areuation, I an uipwivir pathway Laktl Let me shun arietation, likewise all ariolation, Nor ablation, adulation, nor assimulation make. Yet for all accommodation, in a state of auhelation I would bow to arbitration, or agglutination new; And to keep adulteration from our grand adminain tion, rd put up with amputation, and annihilation toO. Tis my highest aspiration that our sweet assoclatio Shall receive no alteration that its progress wo0u impede: And in hopes this haptation .:ii! :1 !,o abomination, 'll now sign my appellation, and in solitude recede T.. STOes OIIERBAMS, (The last letter of a word is changed to form le nother word. .-They praised her as an asateur, And fed her pride and vanity, Until she, as you may be sure, Had caught the stage insanity. They said the drama was the way For her to try to turn art to- That she could equal, any day, Miss Anderson, and Bernhardt too. And she believed. She lbred the art In manner quite devotional, And studied hard with all her heart The style they call emotional. "Camille/' the play she chanced to chosasl Her father hired a theatre. She feared the critics. On ddbuts, Oh, how they all Would be at her I She learned that dry, consumptive cought To die well, and the rest of it; Until at last the play came off That was to be the test of it. She walked the hoards in confidence, Then stage.right took the feet of her; Her agony was so intense, Her head scarce seemed a part of her. The prompter spoke-she could not hear; A word she could not say at all, But nest an actress, with a sneer : " I said she could not play at all!' This roused her pride. She caught the ewe, Glanced round with some acidity. Then spoke her lines; but to say true, With far too much'rapidity. She coughed-her false teeth on the eth, And Armand picked them up for bet; She shrieked, then fled in shamne and rage: This filled her sorrow's cop for her, The drama is no longer now A theme to give her ecstasy ; Old age will wrinkle up her brow Before she makes the next esscy. ESperiene has bred contempt For Thespian inanity; She thanke her stars she's now exemP From all dramatic va~l ty. rton 8,-Myfirst is seee in every trOe-~ , Ithfink yo'll guic~ly bring it into sl~l Sie1drhabgeI tis i doneatat& . I II,4dnII ji slaildS
NAREATIVE TIANSPOSITIONB, ae .orsr.d fsnPodo and form another word in ( r| of a o areth narralive.1 The ni' sad phiz is awashr yellow-- m. see ashamed of his sickly face; _oe rashes down like abshul fellow aS t rapid pace. his morning he sneaked up quite late- ia from his conoh'twas hard to coa- d stalked all day in frozen state, u A cheat, a hoax. Now, Tight, with a brush and darkest colour, Comes in to black the atmosphere; .t esch rapid stroke the air is'duller, And soon appear, Complacently to gaze adown, The moon and all her starry young, Rggarding me with blink and frown Who thus have sung. poetic fire frost.proof don't make me, So I must haste the end to reach; And ere my homeward way betake me, de My moral teach. B though I've racked my cranium, And craved the stars their aid to lend, No moral find I-all are dumb, So I must end. QUIP. let me ing the songs that haunt, yet brighten solitude, and in my day-dreams steall -rdened heart they'd do so much to lighten, dl but speak the passion that I feel. have unknown voices, angel voices, ispered low strains of music sweet to me; oh! the listening soul awakes, rejoices (A echo back the song so wild, so free. vibrate on my heart-strings with a sweetness 16. tbuoys me with its hopeful, nerving strain; are the jbys that give my life completeness, say not that that life is all in vain I bound, yet voiceless, must I pass my leisure, arred from all that makes life's burden light; not walk the boundless paths of pleasure, rift the cloud that hides them from my sight P out, fall heart, thy voiceless eloquence I not the swelling tide run void and dry. ong the burning soul hath felt suspense- forth thy burning song ere it shall die. T. CaRPENwEB, BhaOBOkleweil TRANSPOSITIONS. spose the letters in a word to form another word.) e midnight hour is numbered with the past; still within his chamber's quiet retreat- g out the poem that at last bring the world in worship to his feet- et sits, while dimly burn the lights, d larger grow his eyes for lack of sleep. with undaunted purpose, on he writes, morning's sunbeams through the casement peep. t'tie finished, and with thankful sighs rises, as though glad at his release; ere he sleeps, hear him apostrophize, terms heroic, this grand masterpiece : Id of my brain, thou art the sweetest song te'er shed first upon a poet's name. own I send thee forth unto the throng s me awake to find how sweet is fame I" ow, alas I for our great poet's hopes vo sunk down lower than his worn-out shoes; now he sits him down and sulks and mopes: Editor his poemn did refuse I- t of which puts him into a rage. 'spills his ink, and smashes pens a score, ses up all his foolscap -page by page, d swears he'll never write to papers more I S. FaNiIN rND G. H. PERR,. kind of blow; if you its name transpose, range of mountains it will then disclose. G. ROBEETS, ENIGMAS. _ m often found in the human heart, I'm seen in the light of the eye; Pm always found in a soft caress, And oft in a lingering sigh. I'e broken the heart and turned the brain, On the earth I have wrought great good; I'm one of the greatest powers of earth, To the heart I'm the dearest food. The poor have me, as well as the rich, As the earth I'm almost as old; Though for me was offered the world's wealth, I could never be bought for gold. D. ScoTT, Newtongrange, I'm black, I'm brown, I'm white, I'm yellow, And me, no doubt, you prize; I often make the youthful bellow When I get in their eyes. I'm sold by druggists and by grocers In takes and balls, as you should know, sirs. Now, to these very doubtful posers An answer please surmise. D. Momaas, Glasgow. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative. -Oh, what a happy sight'itis To see the small birds build Their nests when cheerful spring has come, As faithful Nature willedl NeHow diligently they employ The sunlight-laden hours ! They seem to better judge their worth Than man with all his powers Of mind. From early morn till nighg No moment do they waste; But to and from their chosen site The whole day long they haste. And though 'tis but the smallest bit Of dried grass, wool, or hair, Th.tt in a passage each one takes, They soon a home prepare. And, oh, how good the lessons are These little creatures teach I They're firmer fixed within my mind Than those by art of speech. For there I'm told by Nature's law That when the day is fair We should not waste our grains of gold, en on their labour bent, This lesson by the birds is taught Work, work, and be content. T. Naxoi, Dudley Colliery. PRENE.OMIGRABM. Lhe last letter but one o a word to form another word. 5many are there who may climb the ladder - reaches to that lofty hight called Famer werefore should our life be made the sadder wegin not a great and glorious name F same amount of talents was notlent us at oneah migt a e rich and great a let- u sely use What has been sent us, s rive to be contented with our fate. 1oi s all give heed unto the teaching atells us to taeo duty as our guide; heaw .ha. n Fame we will be reaching, _petiassed death's dark and rusing tide, .THE :UzmNOws, Gateshead.
DUAGRARM. hange the fiast two letters of a word to form another word) l.--Where Mirabel lies sleeping Beneath the azure sky, A willow droopeth, weeping, And the gentle breezes sigh, The sun shines down so brightly On that spot so wondrous fair, And the birdies' songs fall lightly On the flower-scented air. And o'er the grassy grave Cool elm trees softly wave; And from the banks around Shy violets are peeping; And on the little mound Where Mirabel lies sleeping, s Sweet scented flowers abound. Where Mirabel lies sleeping, The air is sweet with flowers; The sun his watch is keeping O'er thi. busy world of ours. First birds sing many a ditty, As they perch upon the trees, And their tones last full of pity, Like the sobbing of the breeze. A lily's form is bonded, Its fragile life is ended, Its bloom and splendour fled. And the other flowers are weeping For their lovely sister dead, Where Mirabel lies sleeping, And the birds sigh overhead. MAUDE DOUOLAs. ACROSTICS. Lword, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. i.-Still must I read? Shall Mr. Blair give vent To thund'ring couplets in the " Tournament" P Shall Coulson yclept Fred time after time Sing "odes" in a peculiar, jingling rhyme, And I not write, lest in the " T." next week Some riddling bard should cavil at my "cheek ;" Lest Mr. David Gow should dub me "fool," Or turn my efforts into ridicule; Lest in this primal I should shortly scan .A " squib" from Archer B., our " fmmy man;" Lest Royston perpetrate a wretched pun Upon my name (as he before has done) ? Zounds I I will write. Come forth, my rusted pen I Prepare, then, all-for Geran's here again I Cross Words. To rob, or to plunder; To plead, or declare; To pull things asunder; To brook, or to bear; A noise as of thunder. My puzzle's " na mair." M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. Foundation Word. 17.-T ell me this Scottish hero's name, O f great renown and ancient fame; T hat when in chains his land lay low, ,I opes raised once more to brightest glow. Cross Words. E ach man inspiring, first spread wide; E ach raised his next on freedom's side; D ark hatred to their new third swore, I n their fair land his fourth no more T o obey, but with fiJth bold and brave, Oppose him and their sweet sixth save- H ather banish last, or find a grave. MARtION E. BONNELL. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.l 18.-A violin and flute Lay on a primal mute, For neither had been utilized that day, When thus the flute outspake, " Come, now, the silence break; Now, Mr. Fiddle, let me hear you play." " No, no," the fiddle said' " The way you've often led, And into many a row drawn me before. But know, my worthy friend, Henceforward I intend Into a scrape you'll draw me never more. "But without more delay, Suppose you 'gin to play, And let me hear a second tune or two." But turning on its side, The naughty flute replied, "Hang it, but I'll be blowed if I do I" PATAICx S., Belfast. 19,-I want to first o'er foreign lands, The places I adore; To wander o'er the burning sands Of Afrio's sunny shore. I want to second out the source Of Nile's great oling stream, And follow in its winding course, For 'tis my endlass dream. J. PORTEt, Preston. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whiheis a word) 20.-Dear first, I'll trouble you once more To read a con. of mine, Hoping next will be good enough To in the " Tourney." shine. Last, if it haps to be consigned To the W. P. Basket, That you will let me know its fate, Kind whole, I humbly ask it. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. 21.-It is not good to first my whole, If you should wish to reach the goal Of anything-I care not what- Or if you like your dinner hot. I would not like to be my last, Although his lot's improving fast; A different last I'd like to be, To roam the glens and forests, free. FRONT DE BUnIP.