IRIDDL TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE META-.OEGRAMS. e tile first ndIest ettersf a wo: d to form another word,
undeng blast shook the heavens above, B-A oderng notes of the almighty Jove; bore is, depuited the summons to sound, Sboa'se p than a er for his chieftain had frowned. s osmiled mnost benignly, and mayhap with pride, oveemia esd minion who came to his side; r eeisg features a graveness soon spread, A ba il, my good people I wish ye to know wuldl yesghould visit the mortals below. wuldais most pressing-the reason is this: e isto Efnd the most satisfied miss; Styirrespective of rank, creed, or class, -0 ric the poorest, the lady and lass; b.eenye have found who the maiden may be, eetioen, and bring information to me." sp qowed and departed, though anxious did gaze, arll srewdly valued Jove's coveted praise. spirit of ritvalry-friendliuess pure- stirred as to whom should Jove's wishes procure. as ached'mongst the gay folks of fashion and power, heyle of pleasere, anlongst people of dower; id eVies of beantis the errant gods stood, paie io mansion, 'midst Fortune's proud brood, Ped sly flirtations and kisses galore, yoncng swains and vain maids by the score; soon dth much troubled foreboding, alack I selooed very "blue," if not woefully black. ey, et sought the homes of the poorest of poor- oided were they that the heart could endure udjanory slavish, such misery drear; -,ant they that faintness of heart kindled fear. n e could they find who might rightfuslly claim u05slf.abneg tion, for modesty fame; o0re'eon the claiming of such high degree. hyheeds must avow they were selfish, you see. wbile they were holding a council discreet al'd nothing to chronicle yet but defeat), mortal, unconscious of Jove's gloomy train, merrily on-yet they scarce hoped again. ecinger was one of the many who dwelt the city so vast, and who poverty felt; ewho toiled day by day from each morning till eve, -e's messengers gleaned, yet could scarcely believe. day she departed, and cheerfully strove er utmost of labour to do, all for love a mother so gentle and loving, but who as unable of work e'en the slightest to do; poor bedridden creature, who patiently lay, id wted her daughter's home-coming each day. othoughts of position, no longing for wealth, arred to this maiden, who did good by stealth, dyet in the very short time of her own, happy could be. with her mother alone. d the gods hearkened gladly to this and to more, rprised how contentedly trouble she bore; id decided that they could indeed end the quest- ey'd discovered at length of all maidens the best. ey recalled how they'd seen in the mansions'so great noe Fashion's blind followers living in state, t, being in affluence, were not content: ey'd found that the same 'twas wherever they went. dyet when they'd come to the humblest of poor, m shovel-like dwelling-place, they could procure e quite satisfied with her position so mean, a who never had envied the rich whom she'd seen, ite williin in silence to labour for love; d the gods pondered much, as they soared up above, at in the wide world there was one quite content- t one who her life had in indigence spent. V. D. TAYLOR AND J. STOCaS. Dear friends, to write a poem I've long tried : i've rubbed my dreary fingers through my hair- (Look there I that candle's guttering down the side; It's uff to make a feller madly swear.) ell, come, i'll try again-unwillingly- I feel as though I'm sitting in a tomb; e draught from that great door quite worries me : I'll have to draft off to another room. 'e got a thought--the poem's to be called "The Life of Lucy Gayton, the Forlorn; r, The tan who Thought his Hair was Getting Bald." (I'7e btoled enough at my own aching corn.) 'Poor Lucy, robbed of parents, joy, and home, Left with the cold, cruel world to weakly fight." t1o need to go away this year to Rome, With gn.saw deluging all my paper white I) 'Poor Lucy, harsh and bitter was thy blow, And great thy trials in this dark world of sin." Oh! h ng it, I can see a flake of snow: It so o use to prevent it coming in.) 'Left, she, to mourn her only friends on earth, Her parents once so kind-e'er doing right"- wish the girl had perished in her birth, For blessed if I can write you more. Good night. R. W. ANDREWS. NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Ihans the frst and last lettero but one of a word to form Onoter. worsd, expressed in the narrative.) 3.-How doth the mighty man of law S) many pies devour ? He bothers cooky all the day To use her master's flour. How speedily those pies slip down, Like coal tipped out of sacks I And then, refreshed, he sallies forth To do some noble acts. His eagle eye descries a dog, A little whelp, 'tis true; He fears his form ,would grow too large If he had naught to do. So to the dog he now gives chase, Determined not to fail, And gaining on the wretched our, He bravely grabs its tail. His manly breast expands with pride, His face beams bright with joy; And in the fulness of his glee Re kicks a little boy. 'Twere better that he'd ne'er been born, Than do that spiteful deed; The boy had been to Buffalo Bill's And vows " I'll have his bleed." In bobby's path be 'ties some string, 'Gainst which he lays a tack; His victim, proudly marching on, Is thrown upon his back. He utters one blood.curdling yell, And strggles to his feet; He sees his lately-captured prize A speck far down the street. Thoreis a moral to this tale. Of small boys don't make game, Or you'll receive a sudden check While on the road to fam'. F. JonRsoo, Manchester. tet ltt - - QMEGRAM.. of rtwoui is uhange. to form a~oshoth word.) ..Wh5n I was young, not long ago, And growicg up quite fast, .p said to me,on his knee, "s a Jtt you hglav no lat.;" S. th BRtve.
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-Adieu, my love! adieu to you I Farewell I A last and long adieu! I hear the captain's stern command, "To shore; the tender is at hand 1" Farewell, farewell I The tinkling bell Sounds to me like a funeral knell. My heart can find no words to sigh. Adieu I the hand shall bid good-bye. Farewell The wave hath come between- The waving flag of love is seen, A speck upon the ocean blue, The vestige of love's last adieu. Farewell I farewell to England's shore; Adieu, perchance for evermore; Farewell, the heart both near and dear, And to the voice I loved to hear. The bar is past, the ocean vast Hath hid my native land at last; The vessel's prow is towards the west, Where daylight slowly sinks to rest. The stars gleam out above the main, To eyes that may not view again The land, the form left far behind, Till Fortune's verdict proves more kind. LuccmEus, Cheshire. 6.-A chap I know he loved a girl A short time ago; His brain was small-she made it whirl A short time'ago. Implicit trust he placed in her, His passion no one could deter, And so a marriage did occur A short time ago. She swore she loved but him alone A short time ago, And he believed she was " his own " A short time ago. He trusted her as but men can, And one morn woke to find she'd ran Away-folks said " with a handsomer man "-- A short time ago. MORAL. Don't trust the "fair," the "lovely" sex. A short time ago. Don't unto them yourselves "Annex." A short time ago. Into deceit you will be led; So don't give cause this to be said: "Miss So.and-So and he were wed A short time ago." T. ROYSTON. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 7.-Oh, our poets may sing, and our poets may rave, May sing about love, or may sing of the grave; But one thing appears pretty plain unto me, They won't sing of that when attacked by a bee. When a big healthy bee Comes and sits on your nose, I am sure he will make You forget all your woes. Oh, last rhymesters may write, and ye rhymesters may sing Of the eirth, of the heavens, or of anything; In a young poet's brain there are themes without lack, But he can't think of one when he sits on a tack. When a sharp-pointed tack Enters into your-clothes, I am sure it will make You forget all your woes. In the winter ye poets may seek out the ice, And there on its surface fair Musa entice; But your poetic thoughts quickly change unto woe When he ice sinks beneath you and drops you below. When you're pulled from beneath, With your heart nearly "froze," I'm sure it will make You forget all your woes. Oh, ye poets in summer may be in the wood, And rhyme on the trees and the flowers many-hued, But an ant-hill close by often changes your mind, When the ants by the million attack you behind. First, a million of ants, When they enter your hose, I'm sure quickly make You forget all your woes. DRorFo AND En. 8.-First in the day Doth not appear; Last, I may say, Is very near.. BEN W. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 9.-The second looks after the first and the last, In fact, the prime mover he ever must be; The first's second's servant, and though he is fast, His master don't care, not a bit careth he. Then there is inal of steel, iron, or wood, And though 'tis inanimate, yet it is fit To bear both the first and the second, and would, I've no doubt, o'er the ocean with them quickly flit. It takes some experience to ride the first well, And the same, I may say, can be said of the last; Yet second's done both, and so here let me tell No reflection on second's neat total is cast. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. 10.-My first will quickly unto you Show something that is greasy; My next a pronoun brings to view- To find it is quite easy. My whole a near relation is, Mild, gentle, and reproving; Kind while rebuking, and, I wis, Above them all most loving. E. J. SCHOFIELD AND E. W. 11.-My first with many a shift contrives The hunters to elude. My second lost in morning drives 'Tween rivals causes fend. My whole in ferny hedgerows thrives, With stately bloom endued. MADEINA. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or, forwards is still the same, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 12.--Joo, old boy, here is ajo(e)ke That I'm sure Joe can't see, What, musical instrument In every band should be ? Joe thought a while, and then confessed That he really did not know, When his chum, with a smile, replied, " Of course it is a band, Joe." J. BmsasEL, Belfast. ARITHMCOREl\I. (Anaerostio. The letters of ecross wordsthatareRoman numerals expressed in figuree.) Foundation Word. 13.-A riddler known to all My whole to mind will call. Cross Words. 500 and ythoro A play in London, all the rage. 601 ,, btliorerlee In this you'll pee a riddling sage. 500 ,, co Tis a poet oft will write. 6 ,, of A number you will nawjnodite. 601 ,, ltbrfcr A Christian name is next, ween. 5 ,, eto This inev'ery Bhtee iassenu. A lMArirr'in JK irmr,
DOUBLE CHANGE. (Ohange two letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Ye riddling bards, I have been lately turning Some vexing questions over in my mind; And as I know with earnestness you're burning, To answer them I hope you'll feel inclined; I have not solved them to my satisfaction, But you can do it by united action. Some time ago a photo presentation Was sent a Christmas gift with Y. F. P.; And I with others saw with great elation The face of many a one unknown to me, Who bad contributed to Young Folks' pages, Which journal best of journals I'll engage is. Forty were there-as clever ones we knew them, For all of them had won the laurel bays, Some still are known, though seldom we may view them, Yet not so far behind us are those days. Here is a question, now, my maids and brothers: Though some have stayed, yet where are gone the others ? Then there's another thing. No diminution We have perceived in firsts of warriors here. For fast as some have ta'en the resolution "To turn their last on us, new ones appear: For which they should have thanks as kind and hearty As can be had from such a growing party. But do you think we riddlers have succeeded In reaching near to those of olden times ? And do you think, if forty more were needed, The " Tourney " could supply the ones to climb To such a height, and in true exultation With that great band of forty take their station ? Now, riddlers, if you give this due attention, I shall remain for ever in your debt; And I would like to find the bards' convention Give an opinion, we're unbeaten yet; But given t other way, I'll have to share it, And, like the other knights, will calmly bear it. IvANHOE, Belfast. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 15.-O'er the bounding ocean's waves, See me skim on lightsome wing, Heeding not the cares of man, Caring not for earth's poor span; Not to woods or trees I cling, Nor my home amongst the caves. I love the phosphorescent crest Of every billow, bluff and bold; The mighty ocean is my home, Across its waste I daily roam, Anon return unto the fold, Amid the caves of Albion blest. Cross Words. Upon the evening air there gently floats, In silvery tones, my first's harmonious notes. Next is not difficult, I will maintain; The opposite it is I may explain. A very ancient ancestor of mine, As well, my gentle reader, as of thine. Sweet Nature, at this season of the year, In vesture of this colour doth appear. A relative who for you cash will find, While, too, your watch and chain and coat he'll mind. A sign of mirth you'll find my sixth to be; You ought to guess this, riddlers, easily. Then I'll no longer seventh o'er this con., But to the end I'll quickly hasten on. A. AMBERLEY AND B. L. JETERS0oN. Foundation Word. 16.-Oh I Schneider, Schneider, list to me, I will not keep you long; Oh! where on earth, pray, can you be ? Come, cheer us with a song. B. Arrow, you, too, primals are, Now, come, your muse resume, And shine out brighter like a star, But without non de plume. Cross Words. Before a first to this you get, You'll have to solve it out, you bet. Oh! husband dear, now, don't be late, Or really I'll be vexed;. You'll have to take me to the play, For I've engaged a next. A form of poem here descry, Well liked by some,'tis true. For fourth a part of you or I Will now appear to view. That I'm afifth you will confess. (Confound the ink! I oh, there's a mess I) At nine a.m. bow sad your fate If for your sixth you find you're late ! E. GnEoMia, London. Foundation Word. 17.-To London town the people crowd To see my wholo, they say; The people are a sight indeed In all their grand array. Cross Words. What a first this lovely moriling In the woods to roam I Spring with blossoms fair adorning This, her leafy home. Begone, ugly creature, and haunt not our road; Third away to your cavernous, fearsome abode. Fourth little maidens swing on the gate: Fifth they hurry for school they'll be late. They scampered over the old farmhoutse With a ho I for the candles and cheese, And frightened an innocent mite of a mouse, Who started up with a sneeze. The lust was my sixth, and we did not know Where it could possibly be; and so We searched, and found a lovely bower Of sweetest roses all in flower. LOTTIE W. Foundation Word. 18.-A maiden sweet and clever, Who oft heads our " Tourney;" A subject loyal and faithful To her I'll ever be. Cross Words. Without my first we nie'er would see The best of papers Y; F P. Mly next is a maiden clever Whose cons. I could praise for ever. Oh, how I wish that I was this ! T"fwould really fill my heart with bliss. Fourth is a knight whose clever lays Have always got the highest praise. NowiI trust my cone. Afifth to see Gaining a place in the" Tourney." I know there is last can be said To bring disgrace upon my head. T. WARD, Dublin. IMONOPHONE. (Words of diffeeut meaning. biut tite same in sound.) 19.-When Aleander, god of war, Could fst untie the Gordia· Next, At having travelled thus afar For naut, the monardh was so vexed, H cut the rale asunder, 3 ..b1o talwart gWart lin wonder. TE .T. Pi~nbhltn Awn.T Tisjtrnt (Wastmimp~bhb
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 20.-'Tis when the sun in silence sinks Below the sapphire sea ; 'Tie when the hired man calls for drinks, And goeth on the spree; 'Tie then the clock starts louder ticks, The baby starteth squalling, While, heedless of the deadly bricks, The cat keeps caterwauling. 'Tie when the sun in splendour springs From forth the golden East, Then straightway riseth various things, From man to last month's yeast. 'Tis then the milkman first his fraud, The tax-collector calleth, You find your.cheese a mouse hath gnawed, And yet the baby squalleth. 'Tis when the sun hath wormed himself Directly overhead, Then mankind next to find the pelf To buy his daily bread; 'Tis then he damneth washing-day, And in a passion falleth ; While dinnerless he tramps away, And still the baby squalleth. 'Tis when the sun flops down the slope And tumbleth into space. Then mankind haleth forth a rope, Or else the deadly brace; He hangs himself unto a beam, And straight a corpse he falleth; The while the house is filled with steam, And yet the baby squalleth. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 21.-'Tis not my fault if lips are sweet, I merely kiss them when I can. It's first my fault if lips are sweet, It's neat for me to make mine meet, And do their duty as a man. 'Tis not my fault if lips are sweet, I merely kiss them when I can. W. A. LANGSTON, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 22.-What ho! my gallant Romans all, come gather, gather round me, For I've busted up the wooden box which hitherto hath bound me, And I've come again to earth to take new towns and cities, And when I've conquered all I will sigh, "A thousand pities I have conquered all the world I Oh, I've been a reg'lar seizer, Julius Caesar I" Oh, tremble all, ye riddling knights who have won a riddler's fame, sirs, Who have climbed Parnassus's weary heights, in search of what ? a name, sirs. Oh, tremble all who wield the pen, your glories will be floored now, For ancient Julius Cesar bold has once more come abroad now, For of your many hopes he will be a regular freezer- Julius Casar I So rally round your queen, for she'll soon be off her throne, sirs, For no superiority will J. C. ever own, sirs. Oh, I'll "bust up all the show," and I'll soon be king myself, Or I'll go back to my "box" on its old ancestral shelf, And you never more will hear from this old and ancient wheezer, JuLIus CEsAr. ANAGRAM. (The Mortal Dawn.) 23.--Ono by one they rise and leave us, They who teach us to be great; But their going should not grieve us- They have finished; it is late. They have given life more beauty, Given humankind their best, Worked and striven, done their duty; It is well that they should rest. Poet, thinker, manhood preaching, Foe to ignorance and wrong, True and wholesome in thy teaching, Sweet and tender in thy song. We could wish thee back among us, But the Master knows what's right; In the land which thou hast sung us There is Sweetness, there is Light. C. F. BLAcxnnuN. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. tion. and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operaetion.) 24.-With this in hand he fought right well; For Freedom's cause by this he fell. They are surrounded by them, and they fear The close embrace; ah, say, is no help near? Oh, Hieland lad, so far from home to-day, What would you give o'er these again to stray ? Call me not this, however poor my lot, Nor measure worth by size of purse or cot. Here, then, at last, from worry I am free; Choose, if you will, the town, but this give me. MADEIRA. METAGRAM. (Ohanse the first letter of a word to form another word.) 25.--A great contrast in first and last, And so you all will say; First smiles so sweet; sour looks you meet In last on any day. A flower with first would be accursed If e'er oppressed with last; Keep them apart if you have heart, And hold each firm and fast. R. L. JEFFERBsN. SQUARE WORDS. 26.-My first's a wild beast's cave or den, A river in Italy my second; My third's a preposition, and My last a measure may be reckon'd. E. J. SOcOFpELa.