RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM. No. 1.
Ye knights and ladies all assembled here, On wars of first and talent ever bent, Another aspirant would fain appear, And laurels next in this "The Tournament." For months-nay, years, with admiration, I Have watched your struggles up the hill of fame, And now my soul to Parnassus would fly, And I would strive to gain as great a name As STANwTO, TAYLOR, BIssTEAD, or M'CALL, And others who herein I weekly see. Now, with this introduction to you all, I pray you give a welcome unto me. Our lady riddlers lately have decreased, Though they're, I third, not vanquished yet, you know, And one poor representative, at least, In LorrEs W.'s path will strive to go. NELLIE C., Bow, METAGRAIM. No. 2. Once on a summer day, First time ago, Came a minstrel singing, In a cadence low, A next of Christian valour Against the Moslem foe. Sang he of the "Lion Heart," England's warlike king; Of battle, charge, and glory Gaily did he sing, Till the people round about him, Gathered in a ring. Suddenly the castle third Summoned all away, And a loud and sonorous next Broke the minstrel's sway; But ere he went he promised To come another day. B. DovaLAs DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. As each succeeding week comes round, My centrals doth appear, And as the week flies, it is found To also disappear. Search carefully in tease and seat, And you my first will surely meet. I do not think I wrongly say That all boys like some next in play. This is a hue, and, as a clue, Will not be found pink, red, or ble. Search through a calendar, and fie 1 If you my next do not descry. In fifth a reptile you will view, Who with its bite would poison you. I know a maiden by this name; I'm sure you'll say, " Oh, fie, for shame 1" Because I love her, and she me, And we to marry both agree. When you have found her name likewise, You'll find my last before your eyes. F. WALLIs, Swindon. CHARADE. No. 4. The flame was bright on mountain height, And cannon belched forth loudly ; Each boom with martial sound was blent, Blades sank and rose, with whole bespreut; O'er surging hordes that came and went, The British flag waved proudly. The cannon's roar, the noise of war, Is by degrees diminished. A fj'st.red, worn, and gory few Now form to meet the roll tattoo, But most to home and country true Their fearless course have finished. Second us then our gallant men Surround with wreaths of glory; And, scribe, write, on unsullied page, How right 'gainst might did battle wage, And be it to the list'ning age Of honour kept the story. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation IWords. Primals, I'm certain, will name A title of Britain's nobility; Finals, I know, mean the same, As you'll perceive with facility. Cross Words. Dear friends, I have caught a disease; 'Tis not of diseases the worst, Although it allows me no ease. This malady awful is first. A letter my second will name; 'Tis found in the Greek alphabet. A noise made by creatures untame Is third, sir. I've not finished yet; But not long by me you'll be bored- The end I am now nearing fast. A last often goes through a board, And a soldier oft goes through a last. A. ST. J. ADCOc~. ARITHIIORE2I. No. 6. Foundation Vor'd. Ever urging on Pegasus, Up the hill of fame he's gone, Till that pinnacle Parnassus He at last is standing on. Primals found aright will show A riddling friend whom we all know. Cross Words. 6 and of This is, as you'll all agree, sirs, One and one, and also three, sirs. 1,000 ,, satho This I'll own as brother mine, sirs, And likewise our old feline, sirs. 1,002 ,, baton This my heart and muse is firing; To be great I am aspiring. 100 ,, goyue See how cheerily 'tis blazing ! All our spirits it is raising. 50 ,, fle By some called a fickle bubble, Formed of happiness and trouble. 100 ,, naoe " Water, water, all around," sirs, In this surely will be found, sirs. 1 ,, trhg Let this ever be your song, sirs; If you're this, you can't be wrong, sirs. PALINDROMIE. No. 7. I am composed of letters three, Read either way the same I'll be I name a beast that's known toyou. So now, my frie'nds, a kind adieu. DEOSTHESoats MONOPHONE. No. 8. In the depths of Russia's forests, My first, an animal, is found; In that country's piercing winter, Snow lies thick upon the ground; Trees are leafless, gaunt, and last; Streams and pools are frozen fast. G. S. STozEs. DECAPITATION. No. 9. Just take me as I stand, and you Will some small vessels surely view; Behead me, and I think you'll find A kind of vessel still behind. A. J. H. GIRavA, Colchester
ENIGMA. No. 10. Now, Young Folks, gather round me; let me see Your pleasant, smiling faces, while I tell To you, my worthy friends, my history. I'll now commence, so please to listen well. On New Year's Day now ten long years ago, I first beheld this then cold, snow-clad earth; But scarcely had I oped my eyes, when lo i I had to quit the spot that gave me birth. Yes, leave dear London town and travel through All England, Ireland, Scotland, and all Wales, To visit each and every one of you, And raise your drooping spirits with my tales. I told you how, in days now long gone by, Cruel giants were slain by heroes brave and boldt And all the schoolboy pranks that ever I (So young in years) could think of I have told. And ever since I weekly visit you, For if I did not do so I would die. So, now, my worthy riddling friends and true, I hope you'll always welcome me. Good.bye. T. J. O'Coxnon, Kinsale. DECAPITATIONS. No. 11. Again I come, dear riddling friends, The puzzle.cap to don; I hope I'll first the Editor With this my simple con. And now, when I have got this far, My second I'll not hide; It means to let a place for use Which is not occupied. When people tired and weary are, They like to have some last. Bunt now I close; you'll guess me sure Ere seconds ten have passed. R. AnaRrs. No. 12. He entered the shop with a swaggering air, And then his few coppers he reckoned, Exclaiming, while taking a seat in a chair, "What is the first of your second ?" BARNETT DE BEAR. No. 13. Please, riddlers, attention; a word I would speak. My first in the Young Folks you read every week; My first please behead, and you'll see hi its place Malt liquor, which, too often drank, brings disgrace. KATIE COHEN. CURTAILMENTS. No. 14. My first's an English seaport town; Cut off its tail, my riddling friends, And to you there will then be shown A bird-and so this puzzle ends. S. W. HATEs, Worcester. No. 15. Now I set first the other day To reach a next three miles away. What went I third ? You'd like to know, But that's a secret I can't show. S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. OMEGRAM. No. 16. My first is a measure of land; A part of each house next will be; My third is a bird of which you've all heard; My last is a part of each tree. T. STonn. CHARADES. No. 17. Nature now is wrapped in slumber; It is first, and Luna smiles, When we hear of cats a number Screnading on the tiles. " Whoa, rash second I" we are roaring, As our fancy mounts on high, On the second's back we're soaring Onward, upward to the sky. Ghosts and vampires, forms infernal, Fill our minds with awful dread; But we find 'tis wholo nocturnal, When we tumble out of bed. CoULsoN AND ADCOOE. No. 18. In the thick of my first is seen a knight, Of right gallant bearing he, "Strike, merry men all, for St. George and the right I Nor stay your hand till they flee 1" Wielding his ncxt or his whole with skill, He deals his blows thick and fast, And followed by men of determined will, Makes his foes to flee at last. W. A. LAases SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. A kind of sorrowing howl is shown In first, and for my next put down A piece of land; and in my third You'll see a metal, on my word ; In fourth I'm very sure you'll view A girl's name known to all of you. A MELANCHOLY YOUTH. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 20. For first a consonant put down; Then quick a metal bright ; For third a particle of snow You underneath must write; Fourth is a gem of value rare; Fifth's in a circus seen; In next a busy insect view; And then one-fourth of dean. Read down, across, and bring to view A precious gem, owned but by few. KINDERGARTEN, Dumfries. HIDDEN ANIMALS (REVERSED). No. 21. The box of jewels was very fine; Rubies and diamonds there did shine. Look there at Sam upon the tiles I He knows no fear-see how he smiles ! Good Martin, oil the tools for me, And I'll construct a boat for thee. Now, Ben, I'm ready. Lead the wily Into the fields; 'tis a fine day. Janoy had a large black rook, Whose cage was hang upon a hook. The outlaw Steffa rigged his ship, And gave the British tars the slip. Tom Cross said he road Funny Folks, The best journal for fun and jokes. Tom Barret took his kite to fly Out in the fields, ever so high. The honeycomb Maltravers had He gave away to a poor lad. Our brave dog Leo died last night From injuries received in fight. The bog at sunset looked so drear That o'er it men to pass would fear. The large star bezel of the ring Was bent complete into a bing. L. FEnxMAU,