RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ROTATION CHANGE. (Chanre the letters of a wordin suocession to form other words.)
l.-I'm told I've a horribly sinister first, That's always for pleasures romantic athirst; And perhaps that's the reason I've such a desire To leave home and friends, and my place by the fire; And I vow that I'll creep from my bed in the night, And third my lone way, far from all, out of sight. On a long country road, with a dark, cloudy sky, While the second goes hissing and blustering by, With my pipe in my mouth, and my stick in my hand, How mournfully joyful'twould be! and how grand, As I trudged slowly on, with no friend by my side I Ah I that's the adventure for which I have sogh'd. No, thanks ; not to-night' I don't feel like it now ; In a fifth or two, p'r'aps, I will keep to my vow. Thanks! I will have a fourth ; it's a brand I admire. And Snsy, my girl, put some coals on theire; Light the gas, and hand over my Weekly Tirade, And knock at my door when the supper is laid. H. C. PaRca, Southwark. CHARADE. (Formed on a word eahob syllable of which is a word,) 2.-Dear Jack, I ask once more If you will join our party; Invited you before, But did you come, my hearty P Not you ! "You couldn't come Your little finger smarted I" So left your poor old chum Alone and broken-hearted. We start first next, and dine Out in the glorious wood, Jack. And if the weather's fine- You'll come P 'Twill do you good, Jack. I've bought a brand.new tie- A glorious tie of yellow ! A high hat, too, Jack-high I (Of course you'll come, old fellowP) Sam, Will, Hal, Harry, Dan, Tom-jolly fellow Tom is- Will meet- Now, Jack, old man, A promise is a promise I Come early, Jack; you know That's one of the conditions. Don't fail this time, and so Total for past omissions. G. Tnor. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The flsylletters. as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) 'Foundation Words. 3.-The hero of a thrilling play-'twas writ by one Will Shakespeare, With whom in lit'rary's stubborn field no one would dare to break spear- A man whose dreadful primal had soon made him quite detested By all who had to deal with him; 'twas vainly they pro- tested. Until one day a gallant came, with final well attested, And slew th' odious monarch, and with the crown was soon invested. Cross Words. The lustre of a diamond, and, though you'd hardly think it, We do not hesitate at all with lust-er-oft to drink it. The boy who'd mock or thus deceive deserves to sadly rue it, Unless you see we'd given him mockasion great to do it. 'Tis here an army pitched their tents, and that much we'll confide you ; Of course, we under no pretents would think to once mis- guide you. In this a well-known sauce behold, and now of tail bereave it; Another clue (Excuse our sauce.) You don't think to receive it I A word which means to bring to light-that's all we can enliohten you; Now bring to light this simple light, its hardness will not fright'n you. This cross word number six, forsooth, is not a very hard 'un; It names a garden flower which oft decks the ftower garden. An instrument for catching birds, and likewise catching fish, sir, And that suffishient clue must be, and all that you could wish, sir. For this write down a prophet old; for next, a reserva- tion ; And now for last search out a word denoting occupation. WALLIS AND GRAHAM. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 4.-An attribute which makes its home Within the human heart; An attribute which most will seek, While few will from it part. Cross Words. An ornament which takes its rise From every human poll; An iron thing which keeps the gate Until you've paid the toll. A polished substance, dark and strong, For panels, chairs, and floors; A tree upon whose branches grow A food the pig adores. An ugly tool with iron jaws, As useful as it's firm; A dangerous path for youths to walk, From which the wise will turn. The approach of night, the end of day, When King Sol hides his face; The first to fall, the first to sin, The mother of our race. A. E. IooPEa. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 5.-In vain I first to write; Not a line can I indite, And my ideas so bright All have flown; For arising from the street Come loul sounds reverse of sweet; Yes, my misery's complete, And I groan. 'Tis in vain I yell out, " Go I" And then wildly, in dumb show. Bid them cease; they don't, I know, Understand; For they second me and smile At my pantomimic style Of addressing them-that vile German band I D). G. HoLars. 6.-When a boy, Willie Lee left his friends, and his home, And his dear native place, on the ocean to roam ; Though his hands they were soft, and his heart softer still, He knew well how to work, for he "aye" had the will, And the sailors would say, " We one day shall see Bill a post-cap'en in the Royal Navee." The years glided o'er, Willie still was the same; Boyhood, youth, early manhood were passed without blame He was ne er known to falter save at firsts of woe, And thrice he'd gained laurels for fighting the foe; And the sailors repeated their old prophecy Of Bill a post-cap'.n o' the Royal Navee. B:t, alas! one sad day, in a brush with the foe, A shot from the enemy laid poor Willie low; And murmuring good.bye, with a neat long and low, His brave spirit went where all good spirits go. And the brave sailors said, with salt tears in their e'e, " He'll ne'er be post.cap'en in the Royal Navee." MAorE D.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Now for your first, my lady-love, I willingly would die, If you'll attend my second, with a tear in every eye For every favour, great or small, deserves a meet reward And surely you could spare to me some teardrops of regard. A "breach of promise" isn't nice, or sweet, to be in. curred, And it your sole intention seems a glaring one to third. You told me you would never wed with any one but me' I cannot live withoutyon, so I'll die to set you free. You surely must remember how so lovingly we talked Last summer, when together by the famous fourth we walked; You said you loved me dearly as the oyster loves its shell, And now you tell me coolly I may fifth my last farewell. They may sixth your wedding-seventh, they may dress you gay and brave, But the day that sees you married will consign me tothe grave; They may plant it'o'er with daisies, or with violets white and blue, But the stone will bear the legend: Foolish eighth wa killed by you. SnAnRocx, Armagh. 8.--" The time will come some day," said he, A pret'y curly-headed lad, " When I'll have grown a man to be, And mean to work in place of ' dad;' And keep him and my mother, too, When they are aged, weak, and grey I" And, oh I first beamed his eyes of blue In thinking of that far " some day." Time passes on with measured tread, Heedless of all and ev'rything- Of all that's done, and all that's said, Within the world to which we cling. A score of years have passed away, And next the time is with us when That laddie of a bygone day Could claim to rank amongst the men. Within a little churchyard green, Where third do lie the dead at rest, Upon a tombstone can be seen The fact that " Jesus loved him best I" And such life's play, as daily played, Where it so strangely has been will'd That resolutions should be made, But never let to be fulflll'd I SS. WALLIs. 9.-The waves were rolling dreadfully Our little ship upon; With timbers strained and creaking, she Still gallantly went on. Our sails were full, the wind was high, Our firsts were firm and strong, And were it not that rocks were nigh, We'd gaily scud along. Ah I vain our best endeavours, we Could not our passage make; And soon the hissing, boiling sea Right fore and aft did break. "Let each one save himself I" the cry Came ringing o'er the deck; And, with a piece of cordage, I Dived headlong from the wreck. I rose again ; a broken spar Came floating by my side; Like any other shipwrecked tar, On it I got astride; And soon to it was second bound, Nor off from it I stirred Until, when I was almost drowned, The lifeboat came at third. G. P. DsosND,. 10.-I confess that I don't underptand- 'Tis a most inexplicable thing- Why divers the first of our band Once of cats every week used to sing. They wrote of the cats on the roof; They told of the cats on the wall; Of cats on the ground-yea, of cats all around; Describing their wild caterwaul. How they rushed to the casement they'd tell (Aroused by "cat concerts," no doubt), And then the disturbance to quell, Flung a bootjack, etc., out. It is true they oft varied the strain, But although they had altered the text Of that species of rhyme, we were sure all the time That "felines" were still " on the next." Now of cats we hear nothing at all (I rejoice, for those cats were my bane). Did the theme on poetic minds pall, Or by bootjacks are all those cats slain P We don't hear now of cats on the roof, We hear not of cats on the wall, Or of cats on the ground; they are not to be foond- They're reduced to nonentity, all. D. Gow. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-" It's what I am striving for," a soldier cries; " One rarely gets it, howsoe'er he tries." " I differ," adds another; "I for one Constantly aim that very thing to shun." "Comrades," rejoins the next, " you may be sure Of my advice ' it is both safe and pure. Reduce this thing, and I am much mistaken If you don't find it nicer far than bacon." This seemed so easy and so kindly meant, That all with judgment third were well 2ontent; They healed their differences, and with one voice Pronounced as good the arbitrator's choice. R. C. LOVELEss, Birminghalm. 12.-In manifold ways, I'm a blessing to man, But frequently prove a most terrible ban; For when in mad fury, control I defy, Relentless, destructive, and cruel am I. In the hearts of the boldest I terror inspire ; Ere my next is appeased the results will be dire; No distinctions I make, all that falls in my way I seize and devour as my own lawful prey. C. F. BAixERo, Ramsgate. ENIGMA. 13.-All the time that dear Jumbo dwelt in the fame " Zoo," I was with him, and with his dear wife, Alice, too; All the time he was trav'lliog across the deep sea I was with him; and now I keep him company. Oh, know that 'tis with his peculiar race I exist, for their forms, so familiar, I grace. Now glance at some fair lady's ears, and I'm seen; While many a paper I've opened' I've been, And am still, on some sweet maiden's arms, yetI k I've the cause been of misery, sadness, and woe I For while man will gamble and meddle with dice, I am handled, alas I for the wage of such vice. As an ornament, I am a substance of use, For I'm turned into numerous shapes-such abuse. In most eyes I find favour; I often am made To grace even kings, and in Courts I'm displayed; My value is great as regards use and pelf. I now humbly retire, having praised myself. ly ,T. J. VA-VP~P' r