RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
As we are rrequently asked how certain riddles are formed and solved, we hope to afford an answer to all such questions in the following EXPLAtATIONS : Acrostlc.-A puzzle formed on several worde-ealled eross words, or lights--the initials of which form the name of some person or thing, which is the answer. Arllhmssn lreurn.-The answer is found in the initial letters of certain cross words, ns in the acrostic. But the letters is the cross words which are equivalent to Roman numerals are taken out and expressed In figures. Tile remaining letters are then set down in ay order that may be most perplexing. The solution conslsts iu restori g each cross wvrd to its proper form, and giving the word formed by the initials. Iltetgrsar.--Forme, by changing she second letter in the word on which the puzzle is founded. The ehang may he repeated, as in ship, skip, slip,snip, but a perfect word must be formed in each ehange. Cuirtnilment.-The final letter of a word is taken away, leavina a complete word. Decaputatllon.-The Initial letter is taee away, leaving a complete word. In this puzzle and the curltailnent. the upaea- inon nmnyhe perto mad several times. Deletion.-Une letter is taken out of a word., leaving a cno- rlete word. Usually the central letter is chllsen for deletlon, as I coast, cost. Losgogrlph.-A puzzle in which all the riddler's art may be exercised on one word. It may be decapitated, curtailed. deleted, transposed, and subject to almost ee ry kind of treatment, but after each change a perf,,ct word must remain. Melalrams.-A puzzle in which the initial letter of a word is chlauged once or several thnes, the letter substituted for ths original always completing a perfect word. 11onuoplsone.-A puzzle forsmed on several words differently spelled, and havinvgdifferent :nachanit s, but alike il sound'. Omeeranma.-A puzzle formed hby changing the final letter of a word the letter substituted for the original always completing o perfect word. Puillllnuroume.-A puzzle formed on a word which remains the same when read from the end, or backwords, as eye, Hannah. P'oli)yllIln.--A pulzzle for medo al one word whiso has ditff.rent sounds and hears a different meaning with each change of ro- nunoelaion, as lead, lead. The former an active verb, the latter the name oea metal. Iteversaone.-Simply what its name implies. A puzzler in which a word Is chosen that may be read from the end and then uorso another perfect word, as live. evil. Trainspos.tlfion.-A puzzle formed by changing the p aitiors of the l vtter.o of which a word is composed so as to orm a different perrect word by each ehalgO. A few words to our riddlere. OGr files are beginning to wear a poor and lean appearance. We are specially surprised at the falling off of the charade stock, as we were usually well supplied with riddles of that class. Curtailments, deletions, enigmas, logogriphs, palin- dromes, and reversions also show symptoms of decline, for which we are unable to account. Will contributors bestir themselves to amend this state of things ?-ED.