IPLE TOY'RN'AMIENT. NARRATIVE ]ETAGRAMS.
pr-t letter of o word is chaiged, to form another word in fiers re let f the narratlve.) a re'the streets in the town, nd deep is the mud in the lane, And the trees outside, with their branches brown, Are sighing a sad refrain; And the mist is thick in the pane, And the pictures dark with the holly; And here in the gloom I sit me down In a fit of melancholy. Tired am I of the town, Its life, and the people in it; To sit all day 'neath'a boss's frown Is a pleasant way1 to begin it. What care I for the world ? Give me the heathli:nd the heather. What c.are I for the faithless world, With its hearts of-stone and leather ? Though I know not if it's the fault of the world, Or if it's the fault of the weather. Visions of fog and mist. Begone, ye evil.coiners! Here sit I, a misanthropist At only nine' een summers. Begone, foul month-away ! To your dismal northern places; Make room for the beautiful month of May, Or June with its thousand eraces, When the breezes blow, and the ferns bend low, And the poppies hide their faces. H. A. TAro.t, Birkenhead. followed him from out that darksome wood, watched him as beneath that tree he stood, is broW compressed, his lips and teeth bard clenched, s though his soul with agony was wrenched. at dreadful crime is he about to do ? es be intend Death's grim repose to woo ? , worse than that, perchance he means to kill me unsuspectino man when all is still. e moon beneath the clouds has hid her face though ashamedto view such sad disgrace- man aboit to sully with a crime n's fairest name of innocence sublime. ill let me not condemn him yet. I saw e fellow from his ragged pocket draw paper packet, then the steely gleam I some old knife-not murder, as 'twould seem I ot murder-suicidal end to life ! t why ? He cuts the parcel with his knife, d look! be places something to his lips, en darkness-for the moon is in eclipse. d now the cloud has passed I'll calm my fears. Poor man, poor fellow, why are you in tears ?" is eyes were wet.) `aid he, " Oh, get along ! y supper, fool! And ain't these onions strong I" ARCHER B. AND R, W. ANDREWs, London. A tiny, smiling bud of life-a winsome little girl, ose rosy cheeks were hidden nigh 'neath wavy hair and curl; ay, country cottage home, a grassy garden.plot, ereon in sweet seclusion bloomed the fair forget.me. not. near, untrimmed, unnoticed, grew sweet wildings in the shade, 'tis between the flowers, perplexed, doubt held our little maid. uebels, I love you-oh, so much I" she to the wildings said, r grandfa' never waters you and treads 'upon your bed. ove the garden's pretty flowers, the leaves that climb the door, posies, gracing road and path, I love your blushes maore." little maiden, kindly heart! from worldlinesses safe, ,do you sympathize with, love, the homeless alley. waif P? does your fresh young heart go out to poverty's frail filwers. Joving richer, brighter buds of Fortune's happy bowers? ViOLETr DAvIES AND V. D. TAYLOR. (A woish for the Nate Year.) 4.--lany sunny days of gladness, D aye of happiness and joy; C heerful heart to banish sadness, Calm and peace, without alloy. C rown of health I wish you ever, L orve in goodly measure, too; 'X pectations failitg never, 'X cehing in whate'er you do; 'X empt from selfish, vain ambition, Viewing life with gentle eyes, I n helping others, find your mission, I n words and actions kind and wise, I n'88. Jo.KINe, Lambeth. 5.-Fair blue eyes and golden curls, AntI cheeks of downy pink and white, With teeth that aye would rival pearls, And eyes that equal stars at night. Romping, skipping, full of play, Bli hely singing carols sweet, Heart so buoyant, free and gay, May she neve trouble meet. Sitter Daisy, little deant Keep on singing all the day; Skip and romp till night is near, Now all the world to yot is play. IR. L. JEFFERSON, London. :METAGRAM. 10hanasthe first letter ora word to form another word.) 6.-The "Tournament" is sad to-day, The world is standing still, The'damei and knights who once were gay Are feeling.very ill. Something is lacking interest, We one and all confess, And whyp Beeause we miss the jest bnd Jirst of Patrick S. For weeks and weeks his able pen Has disappeared from sight; Gone are the jokes which, oh, so oft Have filled us with delight ; Vanished cach last, our dearest pride In "Tourney's" gallant race; . Gone all toipleasure we derived Prom his bold,.smiling face. Oh, Patrickl please come back again For soon will.fe from us all pain Whenyour p Bame we espy; W uniss i5 jokes and laughing sunn CVo iilas your pleasant voice. Come backI oldfriend, and every one 'Will witl;'each heart rejoice. Ac YoU so full of gris and woe *or tfat lost aolitairo? Or aioqeo full of auguish, through 'That maid who dyed her hair P . f sO; oh,b anish your distress, . oAnd coWquor all your pain; satesu, ph, hasten. Patrick t., Dick to the "T." a~ain. . NELLIE WVATSON', Cheshunt.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 7.--Nellie' mon anmi. I've'heard your sweet singing, Gaining the lassies' and laddies' applause; Tuneful-voiced bards to the " T." you'are bringing- Long may yon fight in our cause. Minnie, your friend, whose true voice is heard clearly Blending with yours for the good of our b.,nd, Friendships, when firm ones, we ,rize very dearly, Therefore, sweet singers, True pleasures you bring us, And gladly I proffer a welcoming hand. Anly, my friend, to your songs I am listening- Long may you warble as dwe t as of yore, Maidens and gallants, in armour all glistening, Numerous praises outpour. Yea, for your voice intermingled so sweetly With Jenny's and Flora's; no heart can withstand The charm of your songs, for they win us completely, And drive away sadness; So, sisters, with gladness I proffer in hearty good friendship my hand. In.Ez, my friend, in forsaking your nomen You sent quite a thrill of delight through my heart. The "Tourney" is strong with a host of good foemen, And 'mid them you take afirst part. Our friends, Messrs. Jefferson, Andrews, and Harris, And many more bards who belong to our band, Climb onward to Fame, and not one ever tarries, But final each ditty With puns good and witty, So to all would I proffer in friendship my hand. MARION TAYLOR, London. DELETION. (Drop aletter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 8.-I'm astonished, indeed, at the curious assertion Which Juan has made-I think but for diversion; In a spiriteT riddle containing wild verses, He the honour of Ivanhoe deeply asperses. He has plenty of praise for the others deserving, Who ne'er from the path of the fight have been swerving; He has nothing for me but a straight afirmation That I have by another's hand reached a low station. In fact, he asserts in l lunt language astounding That Mr. V. Taylor has giv'n me a pounding. Next, not to be rude, or at least contumacious, I say that the story is quite unveracious. He's (Juan's) a great one for humour and joking, And he thought This would be a thing laughter provoking. Indeed, it is funny-I've laughed since I've seen it, And wondered did Juan in writing quite mean it? Perhaps I've forgotten-the thing can't be recent- Whence came that queer story that quite lately he sent; And I don't admit it; you first 'twould be curious To admit such a claim, which, like others, is spurious. But last to the other spectators appealing, I ask them to say-do they share the same feeling P And, leaving the humour quite out of the question, In the favour of Juan I make this suggestion: If reading this answer he holds his assertion, And thinks he can prove as the right one his version, Lot him do so, and I will oppose it as fairly; But if [ don't he ,r from him at a date early, I must come, though reluctantly, to the conclusion That the claim is a poor one shown in his effnsiun. IVANlHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 9.-Ab, Fancy, thou versatile aerial sprite, Thy groves I could wish had a limit; Could wish that thy mischievous, roguish delight Would not waken me up in the dead of the night With a poke in my side, and a haughty refusal To my wish of thy wonders a minute perusal; You give me a glimpse, and forthwith take your flight, And expect me to scribble and hymn it. Ah, why should you ever so little reveal? Now, I think that you don't care a button As to whether we mortals ingratitude feel, Or distinguish the shadowy false from the real; Secure in the knowledge that we are thy minions, All powerless and wear, tossed and torn by thy pinions, Yielding little consoling our bruises to heal, You don't care a fig for our " mutton" l You make us most woefully airy and vain, Exalted in romance heroic; You jeer with a leer at our agonized pain, Assuring you never will leave us again.,' Poor things that we are! our entreaties emphatic Are hopelessly drowned in your busses ecstatic. Henceforth, wicked spirit, by might and by main, 1'll endeavour to pose as a Stoic. V. D. T., Warrington. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-A calm, a calm, on the bright blue bay, To the mermaids' isle let us pull away; Let us dance and frisk on the golden sand, With the loveliest maidens hand in hand. Let us woo the fairest with harp and song, With the tenderest charms that to love belong; Let us bind the seaweed about their hair, As they climb from the sea up the rocky stair. Let us search the caves and the pearly grot, The loveliest, fairest, most silent spot, Where they comb their hair and they chant their lays, On the golden sand of the bright blue bays. H. Cox, Birkenhead. 11.-So much I'vp heard of " Tournamental" bards, I 'gin to think that they are funny cards; These poets of the famous " Ridd ing T." To meet with I should very happy be. Wonder if our genus poet would Wear long hair as all true poets should, And then, in stereotyped, lauretic style, Will wear unceasingly a genial smile Of softness, languishing-emsthetic, too P ]ut still methinks that there are very few Who guilty are of vagaries like these; And common sense I'm sure would quickly seize The opportunity to point at him In, scorn and laughter at his foolish whim. My first suspicions ý at once recall, For though you're bards you're mortals, after all. $E. L. JEFFERSON, London. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letterb'f a word seav~liraniito~i idor;i.: 12.-We use it when we're very tired; Behead it, and you will confes That on a maid 'tis much admired, Though all have got it, more or less. Behead again, and you won't doubt it, That nobody could live without it. J. W. SEWELL, 13.-I come as a proctor, in serving my queen, Who-condemneth a name that is second, I weentr I come with a message, alsegvant reliable, To ask, in the name of the firt, who's Diable ? S H. Cox, Birkenhead. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which imay be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a Perfect word after each operation.)- 14.*-Takefor myfiret a precious gem, In costly rings of gold you see them; Behead, and in mny next you see A noble title of high degree; Curtail, and you have in its stead - A useful organ of the head. R, WAr.
DUAGRAMS, (Ohnnto the first two letters of a word to.form another word.) 15.-Good morning, Mr. Forrester, I wish I were a chorister, For then I'd first your praises, my bold In.Ez, far and wide, For you had the stirring bravery to put aside'all knavery, And prove yourself a gallant knight, whatever might betide. You are noble and you're clever, and I will declare that never In all my last existence have I met with one so bold; And so I'll grant your question, and consider my suggestion Of pitching all the nom de plumt in Hades dark and old. That vow I made at random I will willingly abandon, And I'll just give up that programme, which you say Sis dark and fell; And no more I'll make transgressions, nor awake such bold confessions As those which you and Mitchell to the riddlers had to tell. Of your pluck I am a lover, and when, sir, you discover Just who I am, and what I am, and all I've got to be, I hope you will forgive me, that your anger won't out- Jive me, For such a dark and awful day I never wish to see. However, I admire you, and I hope this verse won't tire you Before you reach the very poor but very welcome end; And I wish you all success, with the name which you possess, From one who trusts in future, sir, to be a loyal friend. MEPHISTOPHELES, Hades. 16.-We are merry maids and true, And we always do our duty, For we first this sturdy crew Who increase the "Tourney's" beauty. While their glad harps ring With a sweet ping, ping, And their voices boar above; Oh, our hearts bat time To the mingling rhyme Of the right good baud we love. We are happy maids and gay, For we have no cause for fear That the bards who skill display From our ranks will disappear. As their voices rise To the far-off skies In a neat of melody, We hope success May attend and bless The cause of the " Riddling T." MARION AND QUEENIE. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 17.-Me namesake, faix, I rid the loines Av com.plum.en.tree praises Anent the bowers of wildwood flowers, The " b ithercups and daisies." So ye would jine yer song wid moine Av drames the posy raises, That far an' woide may sprid the prolde Av butheroups and daisies ! Avick, me jewel, so we will, But whist awhoile, be aisy: Are ye prepared to sing until- Begor I until ye're crazy ? I'faith, the simple smiling joys That cling to 'cups and daisies, March the great street of bitter sweet With realness that amazes. An' if in leisure hours we drame Av past dim joys a,' hazy, A sigh shall greet each butheroup, A smoile shall greet each daisy. I thank yer koindly for yer words- Yer complimenthree praises. Still we'll declaim the deathless fame Of buthercups and daisies. THE O'(H)V.D.T., Warrington. DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the two central letters of a word to form another word,) 18.-There was a young warbler named Jo-King, Whose writings I've read till near choking, And the tears would arise in my beautiful eyes At the fun which he's constantly poking. Thero was a wild Scotsman named Philo, Who wrote in a capital style, 0, About China and things, and sweet Ting-a-lings Who first away many a mile, O. There was a warm fellow named Bobby, Who wrote many things really nobby; In delicate phrases he spoke about blazes, And made you feel hot with his hobby. There was a young man named La Mysterieo Whose conscience grew painful and blistery Because he declined, in a dark state of mind, To tell a young lady his history. There was a young poet n med Scrawler, Who kept a tame cat-such a squaller !- Which last every night woke him up in a fright, By singing sweet songs in the parlour. There was an old ass named MI'Goosely, Whose legs held him up rather loosely, And who spent his spare time in concocting this.rhyme, When he might have gone on the runmfoosely. M'GoosELY, Monk's Ferry. CENTRAL DELETION.. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 19.-Once a lady wrote a riddle, And in it referred to me, Half in fun, and half in earnest- Much displeased I seemed to be. Then I wrote a churlish answer, And through all the world it went That I knaw not how to appreciate The delicate compliment. Recently I wrote a sonnet To an angel in my eyes, Sent it forth in' repidation- She my effort did despise. For the next time to her mansion I upon a visit went, I first she could in'ot appreciate The delicate compliment. Go forth, con., upon thy mission, SIn the "Tournament" appear, Tell that lady throuih a lady Nemesis has caught me here. I was viry last of y'lis- Tell hbr, though I fear 'tis vain; For she is too ten'di*.hearted To be pleased at others' pain. PATRIcO S., Belfast. C.HARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of whilah is a word.) 20.-A bruise or wound myfirst does mean, On many warriors' featutes seen; A town which is incorporated, To my second is related; Arrange aright, and 'you will trace A busy tbown and watering.place. V. D. 'artoR, Warriogton.
TRTPTICH , (Use two woff5. and form a third word of the ast'syllable of the first and the first syllable of the 'cond.) "Tritich. 21.--He's a very artful rascal, and him still you will bh.hold In the farmyard, in the barn, or in the field; He has got a bea ing masterful, is resolute 2,nd bold, And will very often sooner die than yield; But he always has to go, whether liking it or not, And is carried home in triumph t, the fe ast, And one of his own species, when he's fresh from out the pot, Has fun and roaring jollity increased. But alive this is the very bane of children large and small, Whom he persecutes with unrelenting hate, And they will in his presence raise a yell, and scream, and bawl, Only pacified to see him meet his fate. First Word. He is warlike, big and fierce, with commanding attitude, With moustaches falling down below his chin; He's depicted in a forest, or emerging from a wood, With a pistol, knife, and fierce sardonic grin- At least, that's how I've seen him when he's shown upon the stage In tragedy, or comedy,-and fun; But I hope that in this great advanced and still advancing age The creature's race is very nearly run. If you will stay at home, and never go across the sea, You will never see the monarch in his might; But if you do, and meet him, you must either turn and flee, Or like a British citizen show fight. Second Wor.t, People very often make it-do it each succeeding day, Which, of course, is but the fate of all mankind; But if they won't admit it, fearful of what people say, Such persons must be very, very blind. For to be of wrong opinion is not counted quite a crime, Even Solomon, I'm sure, was not exempt; But to stand up and defend it, as you'll see some do each time, Should be held by every one in just contempt. I saw a while ago what was truth and should be known, That if you make mistakes in what you say, And to-morrow finu it out, and to the view mistaken own, 'Tis a sign you're wiser then than yesterday. Ivalox, Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, orwordre, Foundation Words. 22.-The maiden coy, the lover bold, Will soy with me, I'm certain, The first is far from being cold, And last is but a curtain That hangs before the future dim; And lad and lass will tell you surely, Though first is often but a whim, Without thefirst the last is poorly. Cross Words; My fIrst is part of your coat, as you'll see, Though it may not come quick to your memory. A French word you must now find out for me, Its meaning is to assent, or to agree. What poets sometimes do. if you transpose, The next word on the list it will disclose. And now, friends, for my last you must indite A word which means quiet, gentle, or light. R. L. JEFFERSON AND A. A. DYKES. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 2.--Fruit of never.tiring labour, Each one helping on his neighbour, Till above the sea is risiug A fine structure, all surprising. Cross Words. A cheerful first sounds bright and clear Upon the night air, cold and drear. An egg is shaped like this, I ween, And cricket matches here are seen. Down comes the third, a drizzling shower; The darksome clouds above us lower. The farmer loves his fourth, I know; Without it he would never go. Oh, fiutlh! oh,JAlth your fitful tricks Make me my speeches twist and mix. DROFFO, London, Foundation Word, 24. -Rushing swiftly, pausing never, Onward goes this mighty river From the mountains of its birth, On to meet the Moray Firth. Cross Words. First is a little British bird, And in my next a fruit you'll see; A friend of ours please find for third, And for my last a well-known tree. LONcG SowsHno, Bathgate. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 25.-A joint of meat so juicy, nice, And succulent and tenelor, Untainted with Now Zealand ice, Or hands of foreign sender, And claims thejirst with sturdy will- How can we but admit it ? Although it is expensive, still - My oven soon shall fit it. A little maiden claims the next, - And well she does deserve it; Dear me I she looks no very vexed- A shame the mud to serve it. Her frock, so tidy, neat and white, A dirty patch is showing, And makes the maid unhappy quite,, And quite beyond all knowing. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. *---~--