. 6. - - ARAM. ,r-tlat er o w -r ,.,s changed to form another wordJ f'hlstle 4r ...Mm nr * minutn--
youri kindattention for a minute- r'rve cee or taro Jall nuts for you tQ crack, ord, ;hhasn't sot a kernel in it, h.east thing yonu ca'do's to send-it back. Idon't profpss to b s hining light," I' not somnightyi asreiinown ed Apollo F tillJliosa my.heads not empty quite- . Ia BctWrs- (Answ r, Echo: " Htllow, hollow 1") " o er,.EeO, leave myhead alone=- -rI'm sure you weren't. askedfor your opinion ; d such behaviour, you will surely own, Is wrthy only of the basest minion. ya made. in first, a personal remark T atieg: what-yd did,.and really wicked Sterit; my perception is not dark, Ind my head's le- (Answer, Echo: "Thickhead, thickhead l" Whatl Bless my soul, this insult once again P , what the dickens do you mean, sir, by itP gstnay I will be calm; but, still, some 'pain cd cause you,' cranium, could I but espy it. Such condaot's worthy only of contempt, A.d certainly would sjhame the meanest flunkey; B ct, oh, from it shouldI ot be exempt P- Apeaceful- (Answer, Echo: "Monkey, monkey ," gy friends, your pardon'; but I can't propound Squeries now, so great my agitation; T0tk that I'm insulted by a sound -Vhich dare not show his last before the nation I But I'll take legal steps without delay, A"respectable solicitor" named Boodle will- Pray forgive my going in this way, "ut I'm a-- (Answer, Echo: "Noodle, noodle!" F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. DUAGRAM. (mhange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 2.-I've tried and I've twisted The first and my brain, All things I've enlisted A pun to obtain. I'll go to a college In next classic town ; In int'rests of knowledge Wear black cap anD. Gow-n. And after a season Of study and stout, Night sprees and high living, Come back with D. Gow-t (gout). T. CARPENTER. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. she frst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.l 1,-Oh, there is a healthy freshness in the early morning hours, When the golden sunshine 'gins to gild the hills, And to shed a glowing radiance on the gables, spires, and towers, And to glitter on the rivers, lakes, and rills ; When the buttercups and daisies open wide their pretty eyes, And the roses wild their lovely leaves unfold, And a hundred other flowers with their varied forms and dyes Make the smiling earth delightful to behold When the throstle and the blackbird from their tuneful little throats Pour a food of mellow music on the air, And the sl:ylark, upward rising, warbling forth his joyous notes, Seems inviting you his cheerfulness to share. SOtIBBsmE TRANSPOSITION. (Transposse the letters in a word to form another word.) 4.-I love to walk through country lanes, Past rustic farm and stately park, I love to'listen to the strains Of tuneful thrush and mirthful lark. I love to watch the sky so blue, The clouds of ever-changing hue. I love to wander by the sea, And watch it sparkle in the sun To watch the waves leap merrily, To me's a source of lasting fun. I love to wander by the shore, And revel in the wild waves' roar. I love to sit, some summer night, And watch the stars so brightly shine ; I ravel in the pale moonlight, And peace and happiness are mine. I love the earth, I love the sky, And all that in them I descry. I love to read a pleasant tale, I love to first a pleksing rhyme; I love accounts of hill and vale, Of frozen sea, of sunny clime. I love bright wit, I, love good jokes- I get them all in next Young Folks. G. A. Jonxs, Liverpool. ARITHMOREhM. iBsarostie. Thelettere of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in agures.) Foultdation Words. 5,-Not hers the heart to turn away, Choose new friends and forsake the old; We see her still each welcome day Within the "T.,' "hough months have rolled, Yes, in our merry .' Tourney's" files, No sweeter, purer.verse we see, Than those whose wit provokes our smiles, Than those instinct w'ith grace and glee, Which own as authoress my whole, Who--save our queen-no equal knows 'Hong ladies fair who fill the v61e Of being frieids, yet " Tourney " foes. ]l and tatan Oross Words. An ocean here, whose billows roar 141 On Arctic and Antarctic shore. , sync Come, solvers, say (to pass the time) How all should sing who here would S hant rhyme. ,haygnt When tides are fair and winds blow S How pleasant next upon the sea I ern The fourth rill, sparkling, danced along. "Haste'onward 1" seemed its urgent song. 6 ,, rhoar It rolled past fifth, where apples redo l With pears, the w~nd had often shed. . tenpeg Then round the hil saway 'twould flee, 11 hero Fully my sixth to join the sea. 01 ,, hero Pertains to Homer's famous time, 1 When mortals wrote thoughts grand, 11 , - sublime. oA country in the New World found$ Where ancient shrines and gold 141 ', pet· i abound. Set rule the grammars alwayss te.ch,: 6 ,, Bee orr e everthisinallyour speech. . orr This you may solve, and solve again Stilllies a puzzle"ford yodur pen. .. - w nq n~er can I stay, SMerry riends, I haste away. ;. . , n . ,
lOhange the firse, go awq.d tp form another wordJ 8:.-'ll take back the ringonce love's token : S But now that my iebart is broken- I'll take back the ring, and remember The 'day when 'twas placed on thy flnger, As shy by my side thou didst'linger, S That clear, sparkling day in December, = I'll take'bark those love.notes of mine, But let me, oh, let me first thine; .Ah, let me have something of thine- Just something that in my dark sadness: Shall be like a sqft ray of light, 'glimmer of days once so bright, ' To gladdn: my path, void of gladness. I'll take back my gifts, but can never The love that I gave yop for ever: My love is as true now as ever- Thy happiness still I would seek. E'en though thou hast caused me this.pain, E'en though thou shouldst.scorn me again, No word of rebuke could I speak.' And no one shall guess my next sorrow: I'll seem to be happy to-morrow- My laugh shall be gayest to-morrow-- My song be suggestive of glee. Bnat e'en while of 'mirth I am singing, The death.knell of joy will be ringing; Then gone all of gladness for me, And but the remembrance of thee. EDITH Ki. RIENDLE. 7.-A lovely maiden with hler handsome lover Reclined at ease upon a lonely seat, Relating what had happened since their parting, And first delightful 'twas again to meet. The lover had been far across the ocean- 'Twas just four years since he had sailed away, And next he had returned to make her happy- Come back to wed her and for ever stay. They sat for hours together, little thinking Of aught but love-the time unnoticed flew; When suddenly they found the gates were fastened, Then both were puzzled what was best to do. The park was closed at nine, and now 'twas eleven I They were locked in, and in a sorry plight; So they resolved to walk about till morning, When they went home, both looking rather white. A moral here, young men, I think you'll find: Don't visit parks, or-don't get left behind. F. J. HoDvEs. Greenwich. 8.-Thronging shadows in the gloaming Bring back mem'ries ever dear- Memories of bygone faces Far away and yet so near: Friends who long have passed the river To the bright and better land, Yet amid the band of shadows Silently those first friends stand. Sad we next it is our fancy Peoples darkness with those shades; Swift before the beams of Luna Ev'ry misty shadow fades. E. A. CRonAn. 9.-That ladies often use this when they dress, And that I'm useful, you all will confess; To make my first, you have to use my last, With useful metals this thing may be classed. D. HouGKINSON. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 10.-Dear readers all, come list to me- I will " a tale untold;" And when 'tis done, you will agree I shamefully was " sold." The other night, when up in town, I stayed at an hotel, Which, by the way, was called the Crown; Perchance you know it well. When just about to go to bed, A cry fell on my ear; 'Twas in the room right overhead, And sounded full of fear. I listened; yes, the words were clear, "Oh, spare me, I implore I You will not kill- me now, and here ?" I stayed to hear no more. I rushed up stairs, flung wide the door, Afraid I was too.late; I sought the victim on the floor- My wonderment was great. I saw a lady in the room, No other soul was near. She said, " May I inquire whom And what you want in here ?" :I told her then the words I'd heard; iShe simply laughedroutright, And said, " Well, sir, upon my word I've given you a fright. " I am an actress, you must know- I play to-night at ten; I say my part before 1 go." .I left her there-and then, J. A. B. ENIGMAS. 11--I ofttimes travel'many miles, And sometimes but a few; 'I'very often bring good news' And sometimes bad to you. - 'I sometimes travel late at night, I never pay'a fare, For I don't travel in a train, I travel through the air.. I travel at far greater speed Than.ever train could go, And by you I am never seen " When in the air, although. At the conclusion, of my, flight You plainly can me see. . I never live and never die: . Now, say what I may be. T. RoIYSTON, Birmninghsam, 12.--In England, Ireland, and in Wales, I'm always to be found; I'm cut, I'm bruised, and sold at salese, I'm found both long and routid. rm wet, I'm dty, I'i hot, I'm cold, :. ,,I've colours rnore, than three; I'm nice when young, and good when old , ,, I've eyes, but.cannot see. No.doctor can cure my disease, : If kim I would well pay; SPray try and find me at your easer . Andnow I say good day.
AnaLi UumaLnL uresiey. MONOPHONE.: (Words 61 different meaning. but the sama in sound.) 13.-It was.a kind of Gilpin's ride. Tlie beast, that I bestrode '. re n ivth ill its'might and first S Aldngtlie dh~i ty road. To keep my eat bravey tried, By holding by its last; The boys did shout with laughter loud,' ,,"',. As I ent risliing past. ' F . Pmur.Is,ý otti ngh.imi + , PALINDROME0E., ; ...: . (Alword: Wlich reed bnkwvards or forwards is till the s'ain. si 14: ri- er of AEnTguInd; iead backwIin 0r forivat~ds it remains the same.--fX TriiosAuvus. U·I~~~~ -Ij! .*"?· J
DE..PITAITIONS. . . , (Drop the;rqlettegsý wort, qavipsapother word.) 15.-I have read your tribute, lady,to the worthless songs of mi e, Affd7 y6i'v'e blesed~e with'a canto when I was not worth a line; You have stirred my soul with praises, and my heart with .joy has bled For that unexpected tribute that was blown from Birken. head. You have told me that you listened (so I have a listener won !) To, my waywari strains of music that I thought were heard by lone; You have told me you lamented when my songs were on the wane, Oh, forgive me for neglecting what I thought was all in vain ! You have wished me to continue in the tenor of my strain : Oh, believe me when I tell you I'll neglect it ne'er again I You have told me, and the telling fetched the tear-drops to mine eyes- And I'm not ashamed of final, so I don't the truth dis- guise- You have told me that you watched me for these many, primal years Try to reach that mighty summit where the flash of fame appears: Fair surmiser of my secret that was locked within my breast, You have guessed my secret rightly, for I struggle with the rest- With that little band of climbers of the which you, too, ale one, And the one who o'er our darkness can distribute rays of sun. And if e'er I reach that summit, I am sure to mark the tread Of a sweet and cheery singer from the town of Birken. head. F. WALLIs. 16.-A precious stone behead, And find there in its stead A kind of entrance sure is left behind. Behead the word once more, What all have done, I'm sure- But what it is I leave you all to find. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. 17.-To solve this puzzle, riddlers, try; The answer's eas'ly got; My first is found upon a tree, My second-it is not. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 18.-One night I many legends had perused Of chivalry and pomp in olden time; And, in the gath'ring twilight, long had mused On deeds heroic, language quite sublime; When suddenly, without a moment's warning, Ludicrous thoughts possessed my inmost soul, And changed a most tremendous fit of yawning To bursts of laughter, difficult to whole. For, in my wild imagination, I- 'Mongst other wonders that I will relate- Saw Julius Cmesar, robed most regally, In council with the wiseheads of the State; When, with a howl and asout most agonizing, He leapt upright as though he had been stung, And writhed and kicke d in manner quite surprising. No wonder! for he bitten had his tongue I The scene soon changed, and then I saw, methought, Great Cromwell's country house near Huntingdon; The moonbeams glanced the gabled roof athwart, And Oliver, good soul, to first had gone. But, hark I his peaces ul dreams are rudely shattered By fearful yells in lifty sharps and flats. He oped his casement and then wildly scattered A shower of missiles at the flying cats I Once more the scene was changed, and there appeared To my bewildered gaze a famous youth, Who by all love-sick swains is much revered- He was the famous Romeo, in truth. And as he crawled along, the last came down In chilling torrents, which most quickly made Him turn and say, " I'll come anon to town, My loving J uliet for to serenade I" S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. 19.-Do I like fishing P No, I hate it. Shall I tell you the reason why P My dislike to the sport I date it From the sixteenth of July. I sat out in the hot sun angling, Perspiring from every pore, When a fellow, with eyeglass dangling, Came sauntering by-the bore 1 His'waist and his fingers were tapering, And he drawled, " Can you give me a light P" While I, in disgust at his vapouring, Bade him quickly get out of my sight. But without my host I had reckoned, As soon to my cost I knew well, For he tumbled me first.to the second, This total irascible swell. J. A. MARsHALL, Kennington. 20.-Upon the bright and sparkling sea My first you'll surely find ; A lovelorn next I ne'er will be (If Fate to me is kind). Full ofttimes through, the stately ship Resounding loud and clear, A total's bwhistle echoing shrill The mariner doth hear. DEmANcHES,