j RIPPLE TOURNAMENT. NRRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. S ntt... . from a word, le ving another word
( r)i~ tolot ettirs from a word, le ving another word prp the fist prsessed i"n sie narrativa) LOh, Switzer, Switzer, Switzer, come and stop this a ebus for more than half an hour, and now can Sjst exlain the reason of this most disgraceful To te soemn, staid demeanour that I usually com- mand. oe time ince, as I roamed the slope, I met a towering driou, and also"masher" I believe his class are styled; ead a suit all loose and wide, of most outrageous it, ond his strange appearance you may guess I some- - what smiled n far, I took to laughing till at last I made him wild. To shoa d have heard him try to swear-his collar well. nigh choked him- and d ill I ariuned and raised his ire till he attempted iti t, I, with my climbing-crook, in protestation poked him, And nes I took him by his heels and stood him on his nOSe- Which was a night undignified, as you may well sup- pose. $E, Sitzer, you'll admit, sir, that to cause this laughing it, sir, Ibad of provocation quite sufficient and to spare; -f r Ernlish roamer dresses up like that at home, a ighly.interesting people are the race who flourish there I T Bong, you were in error when you made yourself a terror To that half-witted Englishman whose dress enthralled his heart; Instead of loudly laughing (that's a common way of chafiang!), 'Wy should you not by stinging jokes have made the Briton smart For pugilists should never fight, but act a wiser part. And now, sir, since you ask me, though it's cruel thus to task me, To end your mirth and bring you to a solemn, sober state, Just bend your figure slightly while I kick you rather lightly Through the window of our cottage at a gentle, easy rate. And perhaps to gain your object you will not have long to wait. SWITZER AND VAN BuNAo. 2.-0 fate, despoiler of our schemes, Whose finger points the way that we, Despite our groans, despite our screams, Must leave our cherished Zuyder Zee I Ay, leave that bourne, our youthful home, Where all our joys were spent, that we Among these regions dark must roam, And leave our cherished Zuyder Zee. To none but thee, 0 mighty power, Do we with homage bend the knee; And bitter was the parting hour We left our cherished Zuyder Zee. But now we're here, 0 destiny, No craven spirit shalt thou seo- We'll ne'er give up; it won't be lonu Era we go back to Zuyder Zee. SCHNEIDER AND BROAD ARROW, Hades. DECAPITATION. rvop the firstletter of a word, leaving another word.) I-N ay, do not start, brave knights and gentle ladies, E'en though this message comes from distant Hades; Let kindliness attend you while you're reading, Lest I for your forgiveness must be pleading. I bow in meek sntmission here before you, Even while sundry smiles are floating o'er you. Why do I laugh ? You ask in tones surprised I All mirth just now, you say, is ill.advised ? T he joke is mine, but all of you shall share it, b till, do not to another one compare it. Oh, it is startling, more so than " Monte Christo "- N ll Watson is the bogus, sham Mhephisto ! I sit past all forgiveness that I " sold" you? Surely 'tis not, now that I've truly told you. Iy bogus nom do plume was really final; E en some of you may say it was not primal: Perhaps 'twas not, and yet it was amusing. Haply by this confession fun I'm losing; I should have liked to keep it on for ever. S till, I've confessed it " better late than never." That gallant knight, our noble Lord Le Diable, 0 ft proved himself a riddler most reliable, Plenty of times; but now he's crowned his glory, BH sling the veil from me, a living " story." Each effort he has made has proved successful; Let others, then, in manner not distressful, E an pardon me, and things will turn out pleasant, SSintce I've confessed I'm NELLIN WATSoN, Cheshunt. ACROSTICS. lord.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) , Foundation Word. -A Prince my whole of a renowned name, A Poem of Homer has preserved his fame: The gods decreed in battle he should fall and meet his death before his city's wall. ie fell, pierced by the Grecian's cruel spear, Sis citf's strongest hope, his foemen's fear; Dread lears the soul of Ilion's king annoy, And Jove's fierce thunder shook the towers of Troy. tr osvs Words. lwas a.poet of a great renown, WhO sang how fell great Troy in ruin down. ai s a prince for long a touring "star," ho led the remnants of a nation far. An ancient princess with a wondrous gift; he could the curtain of the future lift. A rince of Ithaca this will unfold, o wrnt to find his wandering father bold, An ancient fable gives my next a name, who by his musio ear ned a lasting fame. A Thracian king is last who dodnned his arms To succour Troy, but died in night's alarms. HERCULES. ,scent and Foundaiosn Word. Itr se a flower, is my primal, you'll find, 'w, th pi wil equickly come into your mind. Theaen use your brains, and your wits set, to work, eu r you'll see if the task you don't shirk. Cross Words. The beggar likes my fiet, no doubt, Though it he often does without. Relation for my next please fnlud, One who is of the sterner kind. Thiri you will find will beoa fish That would not make a dainty dish, y lfeast an Irish county view; Itsnam e.perhaps is known to you. DaosFFo aIDl thu CL~uDE uc VL ms ,
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a wordJ 6.-As I sat a.thinking, a-thinking, a.thinking, As I sat a-thinking, on a rainy day, Very much I wondered What it is has sundered All the old-time riddlers from Y. F. P. away; And very much I wished it, that they would come back to stay, Nor longer from the "Tourney" ranks their faces keep away. But as I sat a.thinking, a-thinking, a-thinking, As I sat a.thinking, on this rainy day, Said I, " Very surely, Really, now, and truly, I am as great a recreant as any I could name, For have I not been silent P till now I think, with shame, Such conduct is unworthy quite of any "Tourney" dame. And as I still eat thinking, a-thinking, a-thinking, As I still sat thinking on this rainy day, I said, "I will discover If there be any other Of the many absent ladies who will join hands with me In vowing fresh allegiance to the service of the 'T., So that once more their welcome faces in it I may see." So now I sit a-writing, a-writing, a-writing, Now I sit a-writing, on a sunny day, To ask you all, dear friends, With me to make amends For our long silence; let it be a thing that has gone by; First, though the years, perchance, may bring us many another tie, We yet can spare Young Folks some time, if only we will try. So will you sit a-rhyming, a rhyming, a-rhyming, Will you sit a-rhyming in the coming days, Dear friends, one and all, Upon whose names I call?- Jennie Arthur, bright and witty; Queenie, with your verses sweet; Edith Reudle, for I'm anxious once again your face to meet; Maggie Denny, Amy Boehmer, whom 'twould next me joy to greet. And will you sit a.rhyming, a-rhyming, a-rhyming, Will you sit a-rhyming in the coming days, That I may not stand alone In my efforts to atone For the silence which has reigned supreme the old- time bards among ? And will you, Lottie W., Clara Boehmer, come along ? And illarie Zimmermann, who always wrote a welcome soug? P.S.-There is one who has been rhyming, a-rhyming, a. rhyming, One who has been rhyming, though dull or bright the day- Marion, the "Tourney" queen, Has ever faithful been. I send her earnest wishes for her happiness alway, And ask if she will whole my absence from the " Tourney" fray. P.P.S.-There is one to whom a parting word I really think is due, Though doubtless she'll exclaim, "I didn't look for this from you 1" 'Tis yerself I mane, Kate Royston. Though my sister, miss, you be, I think your conduct's shameful; it's worthy quite, of-me. ANNIz A. ROYSTON, Sheffield. 7.-Reader, seek my whole among The books which are well known; Mayhap you have perused it, Or possess it for your own. First take a preposition composed of letters two; Next a mineral-I hope 'tis not unknown to you; A consonant for third, and a preposition neet ; Part of your frame my fifth, pray do not be perplexed; Two more there are to come; now, the sixth is always last; And lost a consonant, the same as previously paised. CAROLIuNE HOLLOWAY. 8.-My first is where each twinkling star Shoots forth its gleaming rays afar, Where ruddy Sol or Luna bright Beams on the world by day or night. My second naughty Tommy had With poor old granny-wicked lad I For when he saw her snuffbox bright, With pepper strong he filled it quite; And as I never had a third, My whole remains a singing bird. E. J. SCHOFIELD, Horbury. ARITHMOREM. (An aorostic. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in Ugures.) Foundation Words. 9.-On the roof there's half a dozen primals singing, gaily singing, As I'm now endeavouring to get some rest; In my ear their horrid die is always ringing, shrilly ringing, And I'm certain that by me they're never blest. Cross Words. 1,000 and routtenna I'm in it now, To you I vow. 55 ,, oa Not round, I know, But nearly so. 1,001 ,, tounna A hill I've heard Oft called my third. 150 ,, oar At Christmastide My fourth is tried. 507 ,, tay To eager be In neat you see. 55 ,, wete Now for this light A number write. DaOPFO, London. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 10.-A very pretty flower in my primals you'll behold; It was the well-loved favourite of finals we are told. Cross Words. 500 ,, nop This place holds water, we are told. 2 ,, zern A Roman tribune here behold. 2 ,, sa Beginning of the Thames is here. 1,500 ,, ruer This crime in time must cost us dear; 100 ,, roa This name you'll find in history. 500 ,, eo Another name for poem see. 51 ,, as I n ships, I'm sure, you this will view. 51 ,, e A Bible prophet 'pears to you. E. GEOrGcE, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two otters of a wrd to form another word, ex- pressed in ltho narrative.) 11.-With awful mutterings to itself, which swell To sanguine tones anigh its wished-for goal, The shore,-wsth intonations from its soul, And deep-drawn sighs between each pause that tell Of passions storms increase, and never quell,- Lured by desires its If could not control,- The sad, mad sea to-night doth, lingering, roll Around this coast, where it may never dwell. The poor old sea! how must its great heart yearn For that ideal the which to gain, to reach, Twice s ill 'tween morn and morn it haunts the shore, Rehearsing eloquently, in supreme speech, Its tale of lors; in vain-the tide must turn: This ever £s been, and will be; evermore. Gxrsms ago FPAlsE,
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressaed in the narrative.) 12.-In my library before me is a quantity of books, Some with ancient, some with modern, some with rich and cheapish looks, And as we go right through them each one's title to peruse, The funny things that happen would make poems for the IMuse. Now, the first book that I looked at was a volume, strong, well-bound, And, upon my word, I do not think a better could be found- "Do you love your wifeP" 's the title of this thriller strong and rich, But the one I next reach from the shelf is strangely headed " Which ?" Well, that makes me stare in wonder and to open wide my eyes, But the one that comes just after gives me even more surprise : Could there anything more wondrous be for poet to relate ? For the title on that volume stamped in gold is "Number Eight !i" Then I turn away in wonderment that's not unmixed with dread, And I ask myself the question, " Is it meant that I shall wed All these wives? Is it an omen to prepare me for my lot?" When they ask me if I'll marry them I'll answer "BRather not i" If I really and sincerely thought that it would be my fate That the number of my wives should be expressed by "Number Eight," Well, I'd quickly go and drown myself in preference to it, For I'm positive of quiet life I'd never know a bit. RAIEBEDS AND DI0osFo. 13.-" Tell me, Mary, how to woo thee !" Once a country swain did cry; " Get away, tha' maudlin' foe', theel" Came the maiden's soft reply. " Little sweetheart, come and kiss me," Cried the love-sick youth again (Friends, I hope you will not hiss me As I use each old refrain). " Childhood's days now pass before me," When my overcoat was new; Holes and patches tend to lower me, Just as shabby bluchers do. "Where is now the merry party" Who for me spent half my " tin" P Their support has not been hearty Since I took to tasting- "Lives of great men all remind us" Two and two still come to four; School Board men know where to find us If attendance has been poor. " Summer groves may lose their gladness," Nettles never lose their sting; Ki-sing pretty girls is madness, Though it be a pleasant thing. OLIVER KIGe. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 14.-I was sitting by the window one day, reading, While the sunlight lirst its beauty in the room; I was sitting one day reading o'er a con. the " Tourney" leading, And it banished all the gloom Which for weeks had hovered o'er me, for I saw amid this throng One who for a little while had ceased to charm us with her song. I had wondered at her silence-often wondered Why we did not hear her music as of yore; I had very often wondered, but I found that I had blundered Not to know the cause before. Yet it made me glad to hear her tell that riddler rather base To ask his guilty conscience, " Would he not be out of place ?" So I'm pleased to send a word of kindly greeting To the ruler of this joyous riddling band, And I'm pleased with all my heart to see her lead the "Tourney" meeting With her charming queenly hand; May last, unopposed, reign o'er us while her arm can wield the pen, And may riddler ne'er be envious of her bard-earned fame again, ti. WooD. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the nallrrative.) 15.-If any one knows what we're going to say, Don't let on; If we venture to sing in a comical way, Don't let on; Or if we commence in a tremulous tone With a plagiarized con., as some do we've known, And swear by the gods it is one of our own, Don't let on. If a man makes a speech, and you find it too long, Don't let on; If he says he is right, and you know he is wrong, Don't let on; He may ask you to answer a question or two, But if he is taller and stro ger than you, Give him a wide berth; but whatever you do, Don't let on. If a burglar breaks into your house in the night, Don't lot on ; And shows a revolver, and asks you to fight, Don't let on; B:ut show him the desk which contains all your cash, And then if he tries to the furniture smash, And mako of your mansion a deuce of a hash, Don't let on. If you happen to break some good crockery.ware, Don't let on; Be sure that the servants the blame of it bear- Don't let on; If you visit a friend, and he calls you a bore, Say nothing, but just knock him down on the floor; And if he then offers to show you the door, Don't let on. If you think that these verses are tiresome and slow, Don't let on; If your optics are gleaming with warm anger's glow, Don't let on; But say with a smile all sweet and serene That a much better riddle you never have seen; But if your opinion is that we are green, Don't let on.. APOLLO AND HIERcULES, MONOPHONE. (WVords of different meaning, but the same in soundJ) 16.-'Twas an animated first: Flags were gaily flying, Welcome everywhere was negt, There was no denying, As the merry troops came in With their banners streaming, And the sun's most genial ray On spear and helmet beaming. F. PHILLIPS, taidstone. CONUNDRUM. 17.-Whaet tred resembles an article of dress ? C. E. BsrANon, London.
NARRATIVE METAGRAJMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 18.-A shop he had upon the road That leadeth to the town, And taste and inclination showed To turn an honest " brown." His day about the shop was spent To keep it neat and trim, So it returned the compliment, In comfort keeping him. Fruit, flowers, whenever they would suit, He kept upon the shelf; When they were sold, he kept the fruit Of labour to himself. He was an enterprising man, So cast his wits around To find an advertising plan, Together new and sound. At last he made a little frame In manner neat and chaste, And ornamented all the same To suit the public taste. He printed handbills nice and neat, That runners might behold, And information gave complete Of all the wares he sold. And then upon a card he pinned The legend, " Please take one," That those concerned might comprehend Why such a thing was done. What came of this was to his mind, And filled him with conceit, Till on a day a frisky wind Came bustling down the street. The bills flew up into the air, Although the frame stood fast; And one part of the whole affair Into the shop was cast. The busy owner saw this not, Engaged in trade dispute, Though " Please take one " was nicely shot Into a box of fruit. The many people passing by, With scorching heat distress'd, Thought it a shame to not comply With such a kind request. And oranges quickly disappeared The waiting jaws between, Till, when the box was well-nigh cleared, The owner viewed the scene. To cut my stick I thought was wise, And left him standing there With empty look and rolling eyes, And "I'll be jiggered" air. IvANHOE, Belfast. 19.-The sweetest place on all the earth When August sun is shining, To fill each beating heart with mirth And speed away repining, Is dear old Yarmouth I How I love Its merry beach, and witty- Where from the cares of life they rove, The people of-the city. What merry eyes the maidens dart From beach, and pier, and jetty, That pierce through waistcoat, to the heart, So sweet they are, and pretty I I would that I were there to-day, For writing does remind me, Alas I that when I came away I left my heart behind me. J. W. SEYELL. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to forim aloth "r word.) 20.-This world, we know, 's a wicked one, The people in it. funny; A man no end of friends can make, Providing he has money. But should filrs Fortune treat him rough. And leave him sans a brown, Look where he will, he can't find one Who'll help him now he's down. But in this naughty world at least One good thing we can see- It comes out ev'ry Wednesday morn: Its last is Y. F. P. :E. FoasYTH. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ox* pressed in .he narraLive.J 21.-What joy it is to meet with those Whose coming wafts the memory back O'er boundless seas of joys and woes- When with a sort of native knack The sun bursts forth from skies of black To witness sorrow's close I And, oh, the bliss when we embrace Some fend who's out on sordid quest, Then seek to veil our blushing face To hide the joy that fills his breast i And then we gasp for solemn rest, In silent, gloomy place. But, jokes apart, it is a joy To meet old faces known of old- Forms that one knew when but a boy, All fashioned in a quainter mould. Such meetings oft revive the cold, Dank touch of Time's alloy. What bliss it is to grasp a haed That starts the blotod on fiery race, And o'er the game holds good command! Butl wven you drop the rinlty " face," Anal. on it falls your partner's ace, How drear this wretched tlaud! THn B. P., tLmanchester. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to formn another word.) 22.--A pretty female name transpose, And then 'twill bring to view A band of soldiers and their clothes, In twilight's glittering hue. C. F. BIEAcnuaN.