jI))LE TOURINAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS. tle letters in a word to form another word.) mTrO, . T fnin would ask a question, sweet, of
ear !Maion, I fain would ask a question, sweet, of our, able to reply, I know you'll tell me true. i i s, with glowing cheek and eyes that flash th Ia'd on girls by many a would-be witty sage; L' pk ypou, dear, what do those knights require f `on earth they mean by making such a stupid a about our dress, but I would ask the reason tf .kes an hour, at least, to settle his white tie ? eedowdies they would laugh, and be disgusted te aed with care and taste is sure to cause delight. ts 'oung girls at parties clad in snowy silk and ,,,ers and jewels to enhance their charims of form thy partners by the score, and could not dance :asels plainly dressed might sit unnoticed by be wall. e ,,e nest to laugh at us, our taste in dress resent : -u .seems to me some people never are content ! i e hear mn re of this, we must po itely state, tithey a ood example set, we'll try to imitate! Qneente,'tis so ditticult to answer you, for I ailed so oft in fathoming the wherefore and the --serer sex profess contempt whate'er our style may u' they themselves, creation's lords ! are far from teis free sm!l conceits and vanities. It may be they're ,:4at one another, so each poor defenceless maid eat up for their target, whereat brainless young ,e themselves-forgetful of their tight-fit masher Slke you, have listened to these would-be men, and a speak of girls in tones most disrespectful and -bsurt n experience they speak, dear friend, it only shows class of girls they mix with, and undoubtedly it throws reditn thetliselves; for there are modest maids and true o still may follow fashion. Why, whatever should we do e chance:d to know a few poor dudes and classed all 1et as such ?- u: iutellctilal powers it would not be saying much ! L,. .e us spare some pity for all those who make a luss, isyug their own weaknesses in stigmatizing us ! QUEEtIoE AND lLA-IosN. If yon would write a puzzle, my first riddlers of the y ,oupay heed to my words-just watch and copy me. S,: younrs if down on a stool and stretch your arms out wide, u:. i year cat unto you and to him your plot confide. ill case you of the trouble to remember all your plot. then you'll see the grand effect upon your cat, and not ttle is your cat's opinion to be weighed, for then -c.. chise him you'll be surely able, friends, I ken. 'extproceed to write it out- a thing that's easy quite, th: winokle man outside bawling will help you much t t write ; ever, you have written the first verse down on your she't, e, 1o ! a blot you drop. Now, that is very indiscreet. indness you the paper tear in shreds, and on the fire e.e it with a frown, and this will much reduce your w star: another sheet, and lo I the plot has left your t Ir, to net the paper on the fire-and burn your t kick the cat across the room-a very hasty deed, lse' tho one who hknows your thoughts, but that you do not heed; bang your elbow on the chair and "touch" your "tunny" bone- iurse you see the "funny " part, and laugh, and shriek-not groan. ee more you make a happy start: this time you write iu1e lune, amp goes out-extinguishes the thoughts you had so !ght it, ad this time your puzzle is complete and I:ice, ready to send to Y. F. P., and this your cares suffice. t week you watch the paper and you see that it's ideliued ; do not. gnash your tseeth, and howl, and scream, and cry to fiad at your first puzzle's not accepted ; try again, and there i find it printed in a trice, just like yours. S. DE BEAR. i.-An emblem of royalty transpose, A ghostly vision 'twill then disclose; lrunspose again, and you'll see then What you give to your fellow.men. BEN W. 4'-This gives you light, you'll find at night; Transpose, and you will find A well.known tree in history Is left to you behind. E. GEORGE, London. , 1 NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. letters ofa word are transposed and form another word in the narrative.) 5.-Ob, Schneider, Schneider, how you vos t Broad Arrow, how are you ? I'd really like to know, beeos You're such a funny two. Those jokes, my friends, which you " let fly," Must sorely give you paiu. Now, don't they ? Answer me, or I Won't speak to you agaiun Oh, Schueider and Broad Arrow, both, You'll open shop, you say ? I'll favour you, and nothing loth, yoith my respects will pay! 11 really, really store it with oeplies to all who question P To prove your story not a myth, I'll act on your suggestion. There's only one thing now I ask rom outs your precious store Of information: doff ±be maslk, Ini uow '11 wait reply, oJ Inc, it-tell me, do. Say, hne{er, Schneidlc, "c!:o h rou tnsd Broad Arrow, wiso are youst AncuEst B., K~: :nti~h'l'cue:i.
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 6.-She stood, a vision bright and sweet, all other maids excelling, Her lovely face and sylph-like form were stately and divine, And as I marked how fair she was, there came a feeling, swelling My heart with pride, as thus I thought, "The darling girl is mine." I marked upon her blushing cheek the glow of rouge and beauty, I saw her eyebrows pencilled with a dash of indian ink; I saw the cold cream on her lips-then, waking up to duty, I realized how wrong it was that I should thusly think. But even as I stood in joy and silent adoration, I saw a deadly enemy glide near her, d irk and bold, Who for is moment seemed to pause as if in admiration Of those blue eyes and curling waves of glistening, sunny gold. But what cared he for loveliness ? He took grim satis. faction In turning pleasure into grief, and gladness to despair; He burned to drive that matchless girl to madness and distraction, And only waited for his chance to mar a face so fair. She saw him not ! and he with eyes which longed his foe to vanquish, Drew nearer, and I thought how soon her youthEul, loving heart Would be bowed down in agony, and fearful, ceaseless anguish, If that dark fiend could but implant in her his ruthless dart. But e'er the fatal blow could fall, I thrilled each hushed beholder By rushing forward in my arms that lovely form to clasp, To shield her from a fearful foe-and then from off her shoulder I knocked with hatred and disgust a big, confounded wasp l NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. DOUBLE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 7.-La Mysterie, La Mysterie, Oh, you must list to me, For Merhistopheles has sent From Hades unto thee. He says one day you stole away From his red-hot first of fire; But he wants to know why you've stolen his 'jo, And what you have done with his lyre. Oh, Schneider, leedle Schneider, And Broad Arrow, Zuyder Zee, Just list to what your countryman, Der Tuyfel, told to me. La Mysterie has stolen his lyre, But. now he's sure of you, He will not want it any more, For he'll have fibbers two. Oh, V. D. Taylor, Warrington, 'This message is for thee: "Why do you constitute yourself Detective of the ' T'.' ? Why can't you let Jo-King alone ? Heo's ridden in many a foray; To bring to light his name's a deed For which you should be Soir.y. Oh, Marion, clever Marion, I've one more message still To one who's been for years our queen, And shown last poet's skill. The king of Hades greeting sends, His wishes, too, are mine. The brilliant star of Y. F. P. For long years may you shine. ROBERT LE DIABLE, 8.-Some folks say I am pretty, But that won't make me vain: I troll out many a ditty In snow or chilling rain; And for the crumbs you scatter, SMy little heart does swell With thanks that I can never To all my kind friends tell. Of those few crumbs I'm certain Of me you would not next, Old folks or children merry, Upon any pretext. Ungrudgingly you give them To me, poor little thing, And I can only thank you As merrily I sing. 1 R. L. JEFFERsos, London, ACROSTIC. (A word ,or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 9.-The author of many a right clever lay, Well known in the " Tournament " list, And if he, perchance, were a long time away, We' know that he'd surely be missed. e Whene'er he appears, this luminous star, Let's welcome him, every man, And raise up our voices, and shout loud, " Hurrah ! Hurrah! for the Lambeth clan !" 0 Cross Wlords. Oh, tell me, where is peace- Is it where first neighbours' endless din Brings to my lips a word of sin, Who're loth to cease when they begin P Or where, from early morn till late, A maiden fain would captivate By strumming ditties which I hate, My anguish to increase ? Bards have sung about the weather, second, birds, and maidens fair, With lovely eyes (the girls, not birds) and lovely auburn hair; In fact, no subject's left for us of which we are aware. To make this con. simple-the answer, at least- 'Twill be our endeavour to try, We'll continue with third, which is used at a feast; n This word you'll not fail to supply. A con. to make of wondrous size We did indeed intend; We find, howe'er, with great surprise, Our eourth is near an end. When summer's golden months are come, With days so long and bright, This will be visited by some Upou the Isle of Wight. Tho founth's anickly last, so we'll close our effusion, Thouneh rather reluctant to go. We slowly have written the words, " The conclusion." The answer next week we will show. J. STOcKS AND E. GEORGE, London. OIARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 10.-H-appy mortals, first and' eoe, They have reached an epoch, and They are bound for aye together By the laws of all the land. Sirs~ claims eshote, and wltble claims lret, And the 'houl claims laist as well; What a medley here is seen Through that rihgiug-marriage-bell! R. L. JvFrEs3so', London.
REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) (Inscribed to Mephistopheles in No. 901.) 11.-Ah, yes, I've read your riddle through, my sweetest Mephisto (Of course you're sweet-all maidens are, on earth or earth below!), Not once, nor twice, but many times, to see if I could find The slightest clue to your true name and ease my troubled mind. But though I tried by day and night, in weather foul and fair, Never a clue could I get of you, here, there, or anywhere. "To be puzzled by a maid," I said, " ah, that's a pretty go! But stay, I won't! I'll pack my traps and down to Hades go." And so I donned my choicest suit, put on my chimney.pot (The man well dressed oft gains respect when nothing else he's got 1), And when the evening sun had set I stood, with bag in hand, Before the gloomy portals of thy very gloomy land; Above the knocker, painted red, I read in letters clear, " Abandon hope must every one who seeks an entrance here." I knocked, however, loud and long, and soon a demon came, Who said, " Would I please step withiu ?"-but 1 thanked him all the same, And told him how I'd come that night one Mophisto to see, Who was a subtic liddler, and wrote for Y. P. P. "Take heed, my youthful friend," he said, " how your precious fun you poke, For I am Mephistopheles, and never down here joke." "I beg )our pardon," I replied, "a sad mistake I've made. Is there a Mrs. Mephisto P and is she thus arrayed P- Has she a robe of sober grey, with neck of costly lace ? Has she between two sweet blue eyes a long nose on her face F Or 'bove that face soft curls of hair ? Oh, sir, pray tell me true! And what the simple name she bore ere she was wed to you l" "Ha, ha! ho, ho that's good," he cried, "a lMrs. Mephisto ! Ho, ho! ha, hal Oh, what a joke! a woman here below! Hence, boy, avant ! They're fooling you, as is quite plain to see, For ne'er, save once, did woman dare to come a-courting me; And her I wouldn't have down here. Ah, no, I knew quite well That if she came my rule would end in this rosy, cosy dell. And so I left her on your earth; but where she is to-day, I cannot give the slightest clue, nor does the poet say. But let me read the puzzle writ by thy mysterious ' she;'" And swift he ran his red-hot eye adown my Y. 1F. P. " I see it clear as smoke, my boy-as I'm the first, 'tis true - I'll have this trifler with niy name some day down here on view, And he shall riddle all the day, for never maid is ' she,' And you can go and tell him, lad, what now I'm telling thee. And when above you've last your span, then come to me again, And Mephisto will show to you this Mephisto quite plain." A flash of flame, a wreath of smoke, abaug, and gone was he, And I- Ah, I had been asleep, my head on Y. I. P. C. P. MITCHELL. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a w,,rd to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 12.-I've a friend who of music is fond, But his music near drives me insane, For instruments many has he, And each causes me exquisite pain. On the banjo he tinkles and tums, And snaps with an air that is fierce, While the wail of his cornet will oft My poor aching head madly pierce. Aprofessor upon the jew's-harp is my friend, and the mighty trombone He can wield with majestical grace, And extracts now and then a deep groan. He informed me a few days ago That a piccolo soon he would try; " Indeed, my advice then is this: Pick a low place to play in," said I. He smiled a peculiar smile. "You speak very plain," observed he. I replied, " Well, of playiJ' lise yours It's well to speak plain, sir, you see." Then suddenly changing his tone, He asked me in manner quite bland If ever I'd anything played, Or had ever belonged to a band ? "Oh, yes 1 a most excellent band I've belonged to some time," I replied; "In conun-drums I've found much delight. And the bacca-pipes of t, too, have tried." " The name of the band ?" he inquired; "'Tis the riddlers' bright band in Young Feolkv.," Said I; but my friend, being dull, Couldn't see (or would not) through the jokes. "I'm successful," I added, with glee, "On conun-drumns, of which, sir, I spoke; But my efforts I sadly must own On the pipes have resulted in smoke." I left him. Alas! if I'd known The result of my joking before; For the terrible bagpipes and drum He has added to-day to his store ! R. L. JEFFERSON AND JO-KING. CONUNDRUM. 13.-One day I was strolling along with a friend, And a bright, merry couple were we; We were laughing and joking at sights that we saw In a way very pleasing to see, D'ye see ? In a way very pleasing to see. As close by a cabstand we presently passed, By the roadside there happened to be Some sparrows, that picked up the.oats as they fell, In a way very pleasing to see, D'ye see ? In a way very pleasing to see. "Isarki yonder sweet songster that's hopped from the kerb," I observed, in a musical key, "What substance's name would describe it F" I asked, In a way very pleasing to see, D'ye see ? In a way very pleasing to see. MIy friend tried to guess, whilst some children at play I watched; then " I've got it i" cried he, As a lump of it came, closing both of his eyes In a way very pleasing to see, D'ye see? In a way very pleasing to see. O'er nmy friend and his trouble the curtain I'll drop. Now to guess this conundrum you're free, And tlhe answer will be-in next week's Y. F. P.,. Whini' no doubt will ,pl;egin tbo see, D'ye see P Which no doubt will bepleaging tb see. Jd-KNee, Li'amb'eth.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 14.-These Britishers, friend, are a jolly old lot; Tie best of " what is," and, they say, of " what's not," For all the world over gond-fe.ling and pluck, Give me those who as youngsters could "swimc like a duck." We know they are subject to panic and fright, Yet a first fearless race never mustered to light Fur what sens at best but a seat litt le isle, That's sucking the most of the world's " honey ile." Oh, yes; they are subject to panic, but, sir, Once let them be sure that a " moveui-ut" is fair, When, by all the hair that has ever been curled, They're the most geu'rous-hearted of folks in the world. John Bull, honest John! has a pair of oig feet, With plenty of " bone-,power," and " oceans of meat;" And, shiver my timbers, the width of his nose P'rhaps gaugeth the force of the sneeze that he blows. He wears a huge coat, for his body is vast, O'er a heart that is noble and true to the last; With a hat and wide breeches no two palms could span- He's a fine sort of old British gentle-man. His ways and his manners are ancient and bluff, And yet he's as gentle and soft as a muff; But muffs have their hairs, sir, and hairs have their brains, And folks who would plague him get plagues for their pains. His sons and fair daughters are "chips of the block," With hearts quite as staunch as the sea-menaced rock That holds in its cores many kindly-hewn caves, And defies the fierce furies and buffets of wavces. They're a splen- id example to th' world, beyond doubt, Save for one little blot, that will be "rubbed out;" Sonhere's to the health and the wealth of my p:ts, t er whose colossal empire the.~gun never sets. V. D. TAYLOR, Lancashire. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a wor.) to (orm asnotther word.) 15.-Oh, man has troubles greet and many, And each one brings a solemn warning; But yet, I think, the worst of any Comes to us on a wiV,ter's morning, When the glass and snow are swiftly falling, And the cold and ice are growing stronger, And we know, by the many voices bawling, That we've overslept an hour or longer. There's a savage look in the clock's direction, And a rush old Time's quick march outstripping; A hasty wash, though the water's action Is our nose and fingers severely nipptug ; Here's collar and tie in an awful hurry, But the stud flies off with a speed vexatious, And we straight pursue it in rage and Ilurry, With a " Goodness me !" and an " Oh, soy gracious !" First breakfast's swallowed, and off we're speieding, " Half an hour too late," all the clocks seem saying; And it looks to me a strange proceeding That every clock in our path is straying, As we hurry on to our destiuatitoi, And to hide our haste make a vain endeavour; While we say to ourselves, in desperation, "Now, this will happen again-no, never!" Yes, you may laugh, but it's truth I've written, And, despite the smiling, each one has cnown it; But if any one clever has spent his wit in Designing a plan, I'd like to be shown it. For 'twould be a lart to the British nation If you, than your fellows a great deal wiser, Would wiu our thanks and admiration By manufacturing an " Early Riser." IVANHOE, Belfast. 16.-The day is dead, the light has fled, And the pines are bending overhead, And far away, through the sea-inlsts grey, I hear the splash of the salt sea-spray; And Ifirst with my aching eyes 'Through the last and the darkness dread, j And some muttered prayers from my white lis. rise To the lowering clouds o'erhead; But a voice from the cold black sea replies, " He is dead ! he is dead I" O'er cliffs and caves the bleak wind raves As it cleaves its way through the curhng waves Which break and p.ur with a sullen roar On the clattering, shingly shore; And the thunder rolls in the sky, As the dark clouds meet o'erlhead, And, far away, where the shrill winds sigh O'er the waters wild and dread, A million piercing voices cry, "He is dead 1 he is dead 1" H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 17.-That mighty Gaul last Baron de Tall Did serenade his dear; Like a minstrel bold he crept round the hall, And, though hoarse with cold, began to bawl Till brickbats in scores dropped dead from the wall, And the watch-dog whined with fear. The lady heard his song of the night: Last popped out her lovely head; My lord was appalled at the awful sight Of a haggard, bald, and toothless fright, And, with the loud shriek of a yelling sprite, He, terror-stricken, fled. A. J. DICKSON, Liverpool. ENIGMA. 18.-My first is in great, but not in small, My second is in short, but not i, tall; My third is in pear, but not in plnum, My.fourthl is in slate, but not i. sum; My filth is in come, but not in go, My sixth is in heel, but not in toe ; My seventh is in drake but not in duck, My eighth's in misfortune, but not in luck. If you these letters place aright, A Christian name will come to sight. ALICE GRAY, London.