RIDDLE TOURNAMENT METAGRAM8S. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wom
1.-I stood alone among the purple heather, And watched the cornstalks waving to and fro The warblers sang to greet the glorious weather; The wavelets plashed their ceaseless song belo And first across the hills the sun was shining, Reflecting o'er the sea its radiant rays, While mem'ry's cords around my heart were tei, S ecalling bygone days. Sweet visions of the past came surging o'er me, Bright hours that all too swiftly hurried by, As perfect as the picture stretched before me - Without a cloud to last the azure sky. Had I],but seen the darkness in the distance, Had known that Fate would sever all our ways How different would have been the bright existenao Of happy bygone days I 'Twere foolish thus to muse with yearning sorrt O'er days that have for ever from me flown; Thb sun may brightly shine again to-morrow, And penetrate the shadows that have grown. Yet still their charm enthrals me with its sweetng And bids me oft upon the past to gaze; For life was like a dream of pure conmpleteness In happy bygone days. ha uoN L. TAmo>, Birkenhea 2.-In India's vast, romantic land. Where rivers roll o'er the golden sand, Through cinnamon groves the breezes play, And temper the sultry summer day; In mansions rare exotics flower, While Nature lavish gifts doth shower; The Ganges rolls through waving fields Where ev'ry root its blossom yields. Her wealth and power in olden times Brought rich merchandise from distant climes Her sons in knowledge are now supreme, Nor first they pleasure's flattering dream; Their seconds illumine hist'ry's page, As warriors and councillors sage; Fast they're breaking superstition's chain, As more knowledge of the light they gain. E. A. Caoxa, CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word 3.-My brother had a silver watch Presented by his mother; And in his careless hands it caused A first of needless bother. He gazed at it with loving pride From morn till eve; kept open wide The brilliant, shining works inside To show his younger brother. He placed the watch to tabby's ear To next her hear its ticking; The regulator with his knife From side to side kept pricking; He wound it forty times a day, Surveyed the works in ev'ry way; And oh I to keep it bright and gay, Its face was always licking. Upon some water in a tub He tried to keep it floating, But found its weight was far too great To make it fit for boating. At last the mainspring broke in two, And, though poor Will looked very blue, I'll tell you, 'twixt myself and you, We all with joy were gloating. F. G. WEBB, Soathwark, DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The two central letters of a word are changed tQ form Ianot word). 4.-I fain would sing a noted song In praise of ev'ry bard Who to the " Tourney" does belong, For fame is striving hard. Each first upon the "Tournament" I gaze with true delight, Where riddlers meet on honours bent, For laurels bravely fight. All praise to them is truly due, I wish success to each; May all unto the " T." be true- Therein good morals teach. I fain would pen a pleasing lay In praise of our dear Ei., Who lasts so nobly day by day, It truly has been said. His happy face it beams with smiles When we our work do well In heaping up the riddling files. No tongue can scarcely tell His joy to know that we, his friends, Resolve to make a stand Within the "T.," where mirth attends A happy, joyous band. W. Canrzu, Birminghama ACROSTICS. (A word, or words. formed of the initial letters of other wortl Foundation Word. 5.-His gilded merion flashed and sparkled bright, As with his sword he bravely waved them on; His breastplate glowed benehth the sunny light As with a cheer they chased the haughty Dlon With hurried strides he paces toand fro, Within a narrow dangeon's dismal wall; "Can this be that biave hero ' No no, no; He ne'er drew sword but at his country's cL. Cross Words. He urges on his drunken cavaliers, But all their bluster Oliver ne'er fears. Upon this field our warriors swept away The pride of France upon that fatal day. I loveA~, for it is my native ground, And pleasant memories are scattered rounn Itsasons are fiery, brave, true.hearted, free; Its daughters fair as any flower could be. One of Cromwell's stern, unyielding men, In'bravery one, in crafteand cunning ten. With fiery zeal, beneath his sunny sky, He led his red shirts on to victory. A poet, one who, with a poet's art, Both sentiment and humour could imnarX.. Foddation Word. 6.-The primals of theselines will show * A great chief;. ors, at least, you know, Cross WTords. A slimy fish, though for food I've heard it is very good. i An instrument too loud t be sweets ,i The musico of it I don't call a treat. Avoid being third- oh, I pray I 'Twill help no youth, I say. : o. oung Folks gives ns plenty of these I S Clags them ll A 1, iafyon please. 0 ., , if this con. is sent to the Waste Paper , 'Tis for being'tbo'flfth, as it seemnetO O" A You FOl's hero one' of obid .: "Ch'ip.of ti. old bl'ock,D& we are told, V
slett ofa word is changed to form another Word.) ] ith relo spbject humbly, begs to mention your loy ely irketh him to see, That t mrtad feted (so 'to speak) you be, Thoule I need hardly say deservedly, The other ladies have but scant attention. Observe me tremble, lest in any way This seems abrupt or rude when you peruse it (The flip ant muse the bard will scarce obey); huch fault unto the form of verse I lay- The exigences of the rhyme produce it. Miss Edith Rendle and Miss Amy B., Miss Kate and Annie Boyston, I may mention First worthy- But I put it awkwardly; I sam not great next compliments, you see. Besides, the rhyme and metre claim attention. And then Miss Maggie Deitiny I would fain- That is-I mean-also Miss Lottie W., Who claim third--- But the verse is wrong again; These awkward situations are my bane. So with apologies, I end my strain t is a strain), no longer thus to trouble you. PBECE.OMEGHA.M. sge the last letter but one of a word to form another word. 8.--When home from work I come at night, 'Tis first the greatest of delight I sit me down and strive to write A pleasing con. And if our Ed. (who's very kind) Makes use of that one word "Declined," All courage then from me I find Is nearly gone. But when he marks it "excellent," And puts it in the " Tournament," Your humble servant is content Again to try. You see, if you next to rise high In life, you all of you must try. And now I think 'tis time that I Should say good-bye. E. FOaSrYTr DECAPITATIONS. IDrop the first letter of a word. leaving'another word.) 9,-A contradiction strange am I (Start not, nor cry out " What t") a I'm ofttimes found upon a tree; Beheaded, I am not M. F. Ga.sa, Fermoy. 10.-A place of abode is my primal; Behead, 'twill a river disclose, On whose banks nolb~primals now stand, As down to the Wash final floiws. AGOnISTEa. 11.-A riddler please behead, And then you'll have instead A corn much used by Indians, I ween p Behead it once again, And then you'll see quite plain A substance that is in winter mostly seen. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word.leaving another word.) 12.-My first means black and common things, Oft worn by ladies bowed with grief; By some a lengthy time, some brief, According to their sufferings. My second is a natural plant, Which grows in gardens, never scant; Though oft the gardener it condemns, Who does not rank it with his friends. My third is but a tiny mite; Although an adjective so small, It should not be condemned by all; Some cannot judge its worth aright. My fourth in grammar books'is seen-- A word we often use, I ween; Though small, 'tis more than I or you, Andastands for millions, as for two. My last is but a letter. small, Some distance down the alphabet; Turned upside down, its useful yet, And recognized by one and all. And now, good friends, don't rail at me- I'm not a poet, as ye see;' And never to the "Tournament," Till now, a riddle have I sent. If this should but successful be, I will. endeavour to begin; For each and all are ever free To do their best and try to win A little corner for their con., Though many fail in their desire i If that's my fate, I will retire Henceforth into oblivion. F. G. W., Southampton. 18.-" What can I buy for my dear Angelina P" First Edwin, while walking down New-street one day. "Something to please her I really must think of, I'll look in the shops which I pass on my way. "She's got three new sunshades, and five summer bonnets, I bought 'her the blue one a few days ago; Ishould think thosewill serve heramonth or two longer, Besides, to speak frankly, mypockets are low. "But here is the market, I'll take a wralk round, My eyes on some object may chance to alight, Which, last it be simple, if lovingly offered, Will give to my dear Angelina delight." AmexN A.' RBosronz, Birmingham. 14.-From where I stood, last gazed upon them both; The one, a fellow of gigantic size, The other but a youth of tender years, Whose plaintive shrieks brought tears unto my eyes, F or first the elder's herculean grasp, His painful struggles fruitless seemed to be; And as I watched, within me there arose A longing, a desire to set him free. 1With that intent, I strode into the room Just as the cowardly ruffian raised his hand; But ere he brought it down I intervened, And as he stood there, for a time unmanned, Isoke: -Would.be assassin, why dost thou Attempt this stripling innocent to kill P" ,e simply aaughed, and said, " et out, you ass I n trying to make him take thislittle pill I" T. RoysTor, Birmingham. NABRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. iThs letters o0a word are transpased and form another word in 0.1 n~;, ;r
15,-The artist loves to paint a pretty scene, When he can get a flne; unbroken view; A grand old mansion covered o'er with green, Backed up with sky that is'a splendid blue; Or,maybe 'tis a castle, worn and grey, S urrouned by a forest offine trees. I do not are what any one may. say, An artist loves to paint suh things as these. His easel and Mhis brush are his delight " Eis picture all his thoughts are centred on, And not until the dark'ning ehades of night Rave covered o'er the earth will he be done. His heart is inhis work; and tis his goal To reach the Pinhacle of fame, or maybe Top ie t andget a little coal,, thw Anti bread and butter'for h is'wife and baby. W. 'D. PxcHraraG:q Soithwark.
HARAPES :. ':-( (Formaton a word eaoh ynliable of whioli itla word.) 16.-The bell of the school in the village was ringing, To callfirst the children, their tasks to begin, When, sad to relate, there was Tom's mother, bringing; Her refractory lad to the master within. ~ For Tommy the truant from school had been playing, And like naughty boys, wasn't fond of the cane; He had promised re-next though-to cease from this Sstraying Away from his duty, again and again. Neither mother nor master could bear it much longer, And so 'twas decided to try a new plan Of conveying impressions most certainly stronger, And by which a bad boy often makes a good man. Imagine the scene. There are Tom and his mother (The latter had acted as whole in this case) ; His piteous sobbing the boy tries to smother, And tears are careering adown his wry face. " Now, boys, list to me 1" said the kind-hearted master, "You see here what idleness brings in its train I Be busy as thirds, and avert this disaster I By giving me pleasure, you'll save yourselves pain. " I'm sorry to punish, but must I" said he, taking The cane in his hand, amidst Tommy's shrill cries; We'll here drop the curtain, and leave the boy quaking, And rapidly rubbing his tear.filling eyes. W. KrnmroN. 17.-A trisyllabic word am I (Let this be understood), And me each one desires to have Of everything that's good. But when divided into three, Into our view will start Something that we shall never see Till cake and pie and tart Shall capers out, and practise the Terpsichorean art. J. A. MAnsSALL, Kennington. IS.-The present participle of a verb Which simply means to exist, my first will show; Now if this word at first you do not guess, You're doing it just now, I'd have you know, Second, a mineral, before you stands, Almost as hard as anything extant; But do not misconstrue what I add here, That 'tis not quite so hard as adamant. Africa's millions died in ignorance For many years, before my whole applied His mighty mind to rescue them from woe ; To that benighted land he nobly hied. And when to great Westminster once I went, To me the grey old verger gently beckoned, And said, while pointing to a monument, " See how his name is now first in the second." P. S., Belfast. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 19.-Like an old war.stained hero, when struggle and strife are o'er, Resting awhile, yet primal for glorious toil again, Witness of valiant actions performed on the lonely shore, Witness and proof that Neptune's is aught but a peace. ful reign. What visions of storm and peril awake in the thoughtful mind I What actual recollections of scenes where distress was rife ! In fancy we see thee bounding, impetuous, unconfined, From billowy crest to crest, like a pulsative thing of life. Long, gleaming arms entwine thee, and strive to allure thee back, Moaning, regretful voices thy course would fain lead astray; But onward and ever onward thou keepest a steady track, Regardless of all surroundings that tend to impede thy way. Afar in the awful darkness a bark rides the angry sea, From billow to billow tossing-mere toy on the ocean's breast, Her crew silent, calm, and hopeless, resigned to Fate's stern decree, Expecting with every motion to sink to their last long rest. But suddenly ears are quickened; a gleam flits from face to face. Could it be but their fancy, or was that a ringing cheer P Apathy all has vanished, and hope fills the vacant place, As, cleaving the heavy billows, the lifeboat is drawing near. Oh, joy of the anxious watcher I oh, combatant of the sea, That struggles to snatch its victims ere thou canst approach to save ! Oh, beacon of light and safety I Oh, boon to humanity ! Oh, bearer of hope and gladness to those on the stormy wave! What echoing shouts of welcome salute thee on drawing near! What fervently.nttered thanks, as the rescued ones step on board What rousing delight and joy, as loved forms on the shore appear I! And cheers from a hundred voices are raised as with one accord. Then surely we all can next in according thee grateful praise. Oh, come I let us not be chary in giving where thanks are due; But trusting thee for the present, and knowing the past, we'll raise A cheer for the Sandgate lifeboat, and three for her gallant crew ! AnY AND EVELINE. PALINDROME. (A word whiah read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 20.-A well-known animal, if you Will please reverse its name, I have no doubt unto'your view 'Twill still remain the same. M. SPENCER, Willington Quay, CONUNDRUM. 21.-A curious phenomenon I place before your view; What is it that is broken When you are spoken to? F. BRIDLE.