RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. - METAn GRAMS.
f'e tie first arid aInr letters of t Word to iorm tnanile -r& . A I and lack ! I'm in trouble again, nd with sorrow my poor heart is throbbing; So here 've come straightway my cause to complain, o sthough IZrave scarcely ceased sobhing I Afew weeks sg°o, glancing over the "T.," Before me, just right in the centre. W'th lances lu hand, three good knights Icould see- Telemachas, Clearchos, and Mentor l Some mouths have first by since o'er La Lachrymose I gave way and wept tears of vexation, Which closed up my optics, and tinted my nose, And increased tmy stitense aggravation I )3ut one kindly friend whispered softly his name- Ahb surely a good angel sent her. But now there iute three for my sorrow to blami- Telemachus. Clttrchos, fnd Mentor i I fear me the Faths last divide all things fairt o0 nmy day stire hot oft seunt in blover) i fear me of sorrow I've g~t a full shaie, For my cup seems to always run over I And Nemesis surely upon me does glare I Oh, why did not some one prevent her From making those threenoms de plume figure there- Telemachus, Clearchos, and Mentor P One moment I smile in the utmost-belief I have solved their identification; The next one I tear my brown locks in my grief, And I groan with the utmost vexation. My poor little face is so thin and so white, js your m) sttical manner relent, or $ly brain vill be in si deplorable plight- Telemachus, Clearchos, and Mentor! MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2.-I'm told by those who ought to know That smoking's worth the learning, Poetic thoughts are said to flow When "fragrant mixture" 's burning. And si tdhes say from day to day (And wheref,-re shoulat I doubt them?) That cigarettes are "little pets," And yet I do without them. I'm told by those who ought to know (A lot of gay young "friskers") That if I shaved there soon would grow A first supply of Whiskers. With obub ring they gaily sing, With lather aill about them, That whiskers fine would soon be mihes And yet I do without them. I'm told by those who ought to know That girls are worth the winning; I've even heard them strive to show That kissing is not sinning. With faces bright, in great delight They next these words, or shout them: " The girls we meet are very sweet"- And yet I do without them. I'm asked by those who Want to know The reason why I do it the answer t will quickly show, And then I'll leave them to it. The pipes divine, the whiskers flue, The laughing girls-I flout them; Forsooth, 'tie just because 1 must- That's why I do without them I G. A. JoNES, Liverpool. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.; -It was on whole Even; the hour was midnight, ad from the Gay Mansion streamed floods of gold light. here tlls dancing and flirting at Lady Gay's ball rds, Indies, and flitnkeys all thronged the great hall; ir beauty, gaunt ugliness. walked moilg the crush satms and diamonds, and feathers and plush. ere was blithe, handsome youth with age withered and hoary, ad Radical members were friends with the Tory I ore was boeny Lord first, a rich land ord was he, ith sweet Lady Lilian-a fair beauty was she I - many an arrow was shot by rogue Cupid, d shy, bashful lovers were no longer " stupid !" in voice soft and last Lily's " Yes " . :ul been spoken, heli a female screamed loud, in a voice pained and broken 1 1 hushed was the music, ceased dancing and rustle, ad a footman announced, "Lady TWile's droreped her bustle!" A. J. Dxcwsov, Bootle. -Near the centreof England please look for this town- Can't say what it's famous for just at this minute ; or thoogh I've no doubt it has local renown, As a matter of fact, I have never been in it. s " Atabian Nights," with its won,"erful store Of love, and of murder, and ev'ry commotion, elates how poor diadbad was rendered quite sore By this very novel and fast locomotion. hough envied by hard-handed sons of the soil Who oft find it hard to provide their own "wittles," he lot of my ned, though perhaps free from toil, Is, vulgarly speaking, "not all beer and skittles." ith beef, or with eggs, or with chicken, or tongue, My third will go equally well, and be relished; t pienics and suppers my praises are sung, When brought on the board nicely dressed and em- bellished. F. PAnRen , Herne Hill. 5.-My first is a part of the human heart, That Wonderful organ of life; My second lays claim to a part of the same, So get your dissecting knife. My first is a third; my second, two such; My fourth and my last are the same; My fourth, Mr. Phrenologist would say, "Starts a bump of a brain of a dame." My last has a heart, a rib, and a brain- Famed Milo once hit one hbard' The whole a bright portion of Y. P. P., Or else I'm no.riadling bard. C. P. MITCHELL. 6.-Behold in first a little toy Amusing oft both girl and boy; All shapes and sizes I am found, And chiefly seen upon the ground; In point of numbers I am reckoned Greatest, as you'll find in second; At least 'twill be portrayed to view That I possess far more than you; But when you have the two combined, 'Twill be the highest point, you'll find. J. TBIMcBET. 7.-My firt's a word of letters two, A pronoun is my second; A word that's called an article For my third I have reckoned. A vowel last is, I am sure; Now listen unto me, My thole a splendid story names, Twas in the Y. ~ P. CA IRA, CONUNDRUM. 8.--I trust this con. won't cause you grief, Or put you iii distress; But can you tell ue why roast beef Is like lady's diess? G. Punsar.
ENIGMAS. 9.-The home of Thought, where all the gifts of Science ( proudly start, And Wisdom gravely rears the lovely temple of her heart.; Where Genius lights the archives with a warm and last- ing glow. And where the humble student full of joy is wont to go. Hera Chaucer meets the eager geaze rich in the sweets of rhyme That made him such a wonder to the compeers of his time; A. Wyntoun, and "Blind Harry," and all that happy crew, With Will'im Caxton, founder of the printing era, too. Phil Sidney, Raleigh, Spenser, Ben Jonson, and Shake- speare, Marlow, Dryden, Prior, and Pope, pour music in the ear; D)eeker, Massinger, and Swift, George Herbert and De. foe, Catch up the fleeting fancies as they shyly come anti go ; While youthful Cowley lifts the veil of Fature to our view, Come Milton, Chesterfield, Goldsmith, and Lady Mon. tague, Byron, Sedley, Marvell, Addison, and "gentle Gay," With Dickens. Brontf, Eliot, and Michael Faraday. Mary Tithe, George Canning, Pitt, Fox, Richardson, and Burke, Now consecrate the building with their grand, undying work, As a monument of Freedom, and of Liberty's great cause- Uphold the glorious senate for a nation's warm applause. Unrolling to the multitudes the beauties of her plan, She courts the ingenuity and genius of man. T. W. KITrcHmE, CamberwellU. 10.-I tell the maiden of eighteen That youth to her as yet is wed; That still the blush of youth is seen O'er her fair cheek so meekly spread. I tell her Time has yet been kind, And on her has but gently leant, That he has left no mvrks behind To dull the beauty Heaven sent, 1 tell her that her eyes are bright, And not yet dimmed by sorrow's tear: That still her heart is gay and light, For care has not yet wandered near. CYius AND CLEARCHOS. 11.-Takes its time, Grows on trees, Small and prime, , In twos end threes ; When it's ripe, Hard and sound, Forms a pipe, Falls to the ground. H. CARTER. 12.-Is a loaf, but not of bread, Found abtoad, but not when dead; Very sweet, and sold in town, Colour white, the smaller brown. G. W. HAYMAN. METAGRAMS. )Change the first letter of n word to form another word.) 13.-Night hasits charms, when the moon, first audbright, Lealds forth the stars in their unmatched array; Oh, then 'tis sweet from city haunts to stray To rural spots. Yet sweeter seems the sight Of " her" soft eyes-twin spheres of love and light! The stars at morn appear to fade; but " they" Are unextinguished by the light of day- They cheer me then, and soothe my dreams at night. But (oh, the thoughtl) shoulmi Death, in cold embrace, Take her from me, and last those lovely eyes, This world to me would be a dreary place. Yet, oh, my heart I learn this from sunless skies , Think, as 'tis night reveals the stars above, Death's night is starred with spirit orbs of love. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 14.-The O'Tooles are the people for fighting, For dancing at wakes and at fairs; The "likes" can't be found in Killarney, From Tareaway Point to Bellaire. Sure, often they've routed the Saxon, And chased him away from Tir Toole; And the "Kilties " they've hilled by the hundred, And the "Taffies" they've drowned in the Chule. Their pikes and their skeanes all were gleaming In the rush of the Irish brigade When the" Britishers" first-ly were routed, When Celt gave to Celt loving aid. When the " Yankees" were freeing the M.niggers," The O'Tooles next their share in the work, With O'Neill, and O'Dowd, and the Chuny, And, last, but not least, with the Burke. A. R. STRETCH. 15.-Who would have thought, when the soft words were spoken, Tender and low by the light of the moon- Who would have thought that the vows could be broken, Cast on one side, and forgotten so soon ? Who would have thought, when the young heart was given Tilsting and glad only two first agone- Who would have thought that the chain could be riven, Chain of bright love.links that bound us in one' Joy turns to heartache, and last follow laughter, Daily our hearts are being broken-and set, Teaching this lesson to them that come after- Women are fickle, and men will forget. W. L. SQuREm, Hull. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word.lonving another word.) 16.-Rat-tat ! the postman's at the door; He to the letter-box does fly; First feet do scarcely touch the door, A happy gleam next in his eye. Be quickly breaks the envelope, The touch of which his heart does thrill; Ah I not from her-his fondest hoge! It's but an unpaid tailor's bill. F. ALLInoar, Winchester. 17.-For my first a rank please put down, Now of my head relieve me; A maiden then I'll be, you'll own (I hope that you believe me) ; My head take off yet once again, An animal there will remain. SILVER STONE. 18.--Myfirst is'used in every street; Behead, my second may be sweet; Again behead, and then you'll see A number, which can not be three. HEITIE B., Chester. 19.-A part of your deck please name for me, Behead, an animal you then will see. THE BEenearss. 20.-A kind of dog if you behead, Will leave a bird of prey instead. QUILLE PENNE. 21.-A heaveply body please behead, A sailor you will have instead. C. SANso0, Mile End. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter o a word.leaving another word.) 22.- & country in Asia in first there will be; Curtail, and a part of your fa,,e you will see. C. K'osnER, Lambeth.
DOUBLE ARITHIMOREM. (An aorostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals (1 expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 23.-How witty their puzzles ! how merry their verse l It trots or it glides, as each pleases; So pleasant's their chaff, It makes us all laugh- 'Tis changeful as summer's light breozes: It teases Or tickles us all as each pleases. My heartfelt desire is long, long may they come To brighten our " T." with their singing; And oft with our q een May each one be seen, Grand puzzles to charm us all bringing, Whose ringiuw Will send away gloomy thoughts winging. (ross Words. 511 and es With first resolve to ne'er give in, Each striving tyro's bound to win, 151 ,, naggn But seco"d only at the goal, Grand opportunities will roll 50 ,, oatwore Away for ever. Now comes third, A battle-- Pooh! Oh, well, you've heard P 50 ,, bewo Then nest's part of the human frame: "Come, really, sir, that's awful tame." 51 ,, feeb I know it, friend I My fifth I'll state: If you can't guess it, you've a pate. 100 ,, runbeo That's what ? Ha, ha l That's this- oh, hark ? Incredible I His tale I'll mark 150 ,, anaa As lacking truth. Now seventh ap- pears, Showing us days, weeks, months, and years. 501 ,, boare This Spanish port, the sailors say, Stands on the shore of Biscay Bay., 100 ,, uorf An island 'tie that gem-like smiles Among the famed Ionian Isles. 51 ,, ah Across the waves from ship to ship Rings out the tenth, lip answering lip. 602 ,, sees Triumphs of architecture and Industry, built in many a ,and. 100 ,, oro Name of a Viking, fearless, free, Guess, wise diviners, here for me. 51 ,, notatab A regiment-well, perhaps not quite- Completes my con., so end I'll write. Aoonzsrss. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of oross woirds that are Roman numerals expressed ll figures.) Foundation Word. 24.-Birds of the woodlands, the hills, and the plains, Ye may gladden man's heart with your sweat joyous strains; Your home amidst flowerage rare pleasant may be, But mine, 'midst the tempest, more wide is and free. Cross WIords. 500 and eras O'er which my whols is oft seen winging. 500 ,, eeg On which gay birds are oft seen singing. 1,550 ,, naera An ollive in a bdy corporate. 2,000 ,, rarag In which my slips are often great. 500 ,, neru "'Twas filth heavy pressure that I wrote," quoth he. 1,050 ,, pa By which my lonely way I son. 150 ,, ka Of kcnn conception, bits, I hope you will not next In giving answers true to this, my riddle vexed. V. D, TAYLOR, Warrington. D UAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 25.-All faded are the rcses That decked the bowers of June, Lone are the garden closes Whrre they so brightly shone; In leaf-tombs they are lying In many a drear retreat,. Where erst s;,ft winds came sighing, To steal their fragrance sweet. No first beo now is winging About the rose-tree bowers; Hushbd is the throstle's singing, He mourns o'er faded flowers. And swallow-restless rover- Skims o'er the antnmn seas, For sweet rose-time is over, And sunless are the leas. soon will the winter weary Go with its shrouds of snow; Soon wilt the next winds dreary O'er wood and wide heath blow. But, ah, sweet thought to cheer us, When winter's snow and rain And wild winds are not near us, Roses will bloom again. F. HALLAM, London, 26.-A rise I Thou art the brightest "Northern light " U pon the earth. I first faintly trace, R ising up like the next in all its might, O 'erpowering us with her sweet grace, B efulgent with poetic fire- Aurora I playing on her lyre. C. DREsow, LondoI. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, farm a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 27,-Two men appear, the one the same, But changed in character and name. Cross Words. 'Twill rend and hold the human breast, Till sorrow broods on vanished rest. You'll find no sanctuary there, But sin, and blackness, and despair. In every place where this is found A pleasant frag!ance spreads around. See how they fly before the storms, And vainly try to hide their forms. SynTAx, Warrington. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and aflor a third n-ord of thie last syllable of the rasl anmd the first syllable of the oeeond.l Triptich. 29.-A frosty morning, clear and bright, Proclaims that thou art near; A fall of snow throughout the night- We hail thee, thou art here! First Word. The sea in all its pitiless might Broke o'er these dreadful sands; The hopeless crew in fearful pligh)t For life prayed at God's hands. Second Word. The day it broke all clear and bright, And naught could now be seen To tell the tale of that dread night, When last-ly it had been. S. Mnus, Birmingham. VERBAL CHARADE. (A rord, ech litter of whIch Is treated separately.) 29.-One-fourth of post, One-fourth of host, And then one part of fiddler, One-fourth of flow, One-fourth of slow, Will name a well-known riddler. A. Sarrn.
PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 30.-" Oh, come, my love, and walk with me Betore the summer day has flown; The birds are singing on the tree, And sweetly sighs the summer sea." But, oh, she only looked at me, And answered with a moan. Again I said, " Why linger hero? Why should you first to stay alone? The sun is bright, the day in clear- Why should you grieve ? what do you fear ?" but still she only dropped a tear, And answered with a groan. Once more I said, last passion's glow, " Come, soothe the throbbings of this heart, And o'er the meadows we wint go, Whe e streamlets sing and rivers flow." And th-n she said, " I can't; for, oh, I've eaten too much tart I" SH. A. TAYLoa, Birkenhead. TRIPLE CHARADE. (A word, each syllable of which is a word, whioh can be divided into syllables in three ways.) 1. 31.-My first, sir, is a verb, I ween ; My second in itself is seen; And in my third, if I speak true, My lwhole must soon be brought to view. i. To put it in another light, Still further clues are brought to sight. My first's myself alone; My second's what I sometimes do to praise A third that I have known Or met, perchance, in bygone, youthful days. III. To give you yet another clue, I put it in this light to you. Could man, as in a third, Each see his second, And each as it occurred By him be reckoned, That sight would show him where man's weakness lies, And fill the thoughtless sinner with surprise. ANAGRAMS ON FAMOUS POETS. 32.-Sun brings us light, each day by day, Cheering to some, to others sad his ray. She yelled aloud, the pain was so severe, Amid a crowd of urchins, prone to jeer. Oh, do not scorn the lighter mood of him Who quibbled oft in sorrow and in shame. Hiops not much nutriment contain within, Yet beer will ait if they be not put in. Has menace driven us all to cringe and cower Is England destitute of boasted power ? T. P. Cowaitn, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two 'hOttor of a w',rd to form another word.s ero pressed in the narratlve.) 33.-Up to a pretty maid A brave youth found his way; He took her hand in his, And thin to her did say : " What means that frightened look, dear P I see you're not at ease." " Go 'way, you silly goose," she said; " I'm trying in vain to sneeze." NoRAa M. TwoaEr, Cork. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 34.-A word of letters five I am; If twice curtail you me, It does seem very strange indeed That then you ten will see. E. LEInonLD, BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 35.-Now, riddlers, all take down your maps And find this isle for me; Change second letter, and you'll own Another isle 'twill be. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and trnulsposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 86.-This continent from early times Has been the scene of many crimes; Delete, transpose, and you will see A well-known riddler's name 'twill be; Last letter change, and now is seen The Egyptian capital, I ween. J. LEIOe, Warrington. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of whloh sI rm other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 37.-Find a well-known riddler's name-- One, I ween, of well-won fame; Letters seven it contains: Use your wits, ye Saxon Thanes. 1, 2, 7 Means to read. 1, 2, 6, 4 Is not cold, nor is it hot. 5, 2, 6, 7 Means not late. 7, 3, 7 Sounds like none. 5, 6, 7 Are the same in sound, 5, 3, 7 But not in meaning. I. CLEARCHOs. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 38.-We are animals you dislike, if you'll kindly read aright; But reverse, I give you light, for you see me out at night. NostLoca.