DLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAM.
Itettletters o a word to form another word. ptnhee, yo' jancy I have strayed too far away te our Tournamental fold, so winning, bright, dgY-Pat care and trouble have depressed me with mir c misdoings I will venture to relate. YOIyi0 t that if I tell the wherefore and the short absence, then you may-not yet, but by-and- the troubled secret over which I often brood, to grant your small request while I feel in the d extreme bad fortune P Let me think-well, ugh to make me feel for some few days a little ithe reason ?" now you question. Ah la hard Iconfees. then-I only wanted just another nice new dress I n he tate with business P Bus-ness is my delight, u see, I'm always busy-busy morning, noon, and my Christmas pleasures taken all my time up P eo more, Ys.r bent ? I always am, I must con- Ibsen on pleasure be one sentence in conclusion lest I weary you, you Yon still go soaring upward, dreamy, mystic ghearts with keen enjoyment as each meaning is e up in fnal colours what before was well con- our faithfulness and pleasure in our"Tourney" d na end, wish, sincere and earnest, of a steadfast riddling end.NELLI WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. etheelrt two letters of a word to form another word, ex- S pressed in the narrative.) 2,-I plainly see, friend Hector. That you've cut your wisdom teeth; And if I could collect a "Bob," to you I'd send a wreath- To you I'd send a wreath, Friend Hector, To you I'd send a wreath! Still, p'r'aps there'd be a danger Of disturbing thy young mind, 'Fore Musa could arrange a Proper style to suit your kind- Style to suit your kind, Friend Hector, Style to suit your kind. Of course I'll be your teacher- You must study how I rhyme, Then you, my friend, will reach a High position in due time- Position in due time, Friend Hector, Position in due time. PHILANDE MUGGo. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. iagaword are tran posed, and form another word in the narrative.) bhre watched you, Lord Diable, work your very bue always thus esteemed you very clever; It ink I can denounce you, and will now proceed to, earyour thick, deceiving masks away for ever. begin: Is not Miss Mephistopheles your artful self P t beye not also the great Mephistn ? , too, I'll prove as well, brave knight, that little mnning elf your own non--I speak of M onto Christo I now to sum the total up, and cause a grand tableau, beit, I've still some very startling shots on; loudthe drums, play at the flutes-ha, ha! he, he ! hoho! Or Lord Is D. is simply Nellie Watson I! now another face I'll bare. Bold Mercian, gaze me straight, a tell me, (though I pray thee, do not "carry on " I) iare not without a doubt the one and only great 'etsovereign lady-yea, our own Queen Marion ? RAEBEDS. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. o|efdifferent meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative) (With apologies to Dr. Murray.) r. logg was a butcher bland and benign, Rispurse was full, and lis figure sign; And of his sleek soul He had lavished the whoul On the maid of the Pign Apple Inn. One day when she gave him his measure of wign, "Maria," said he, " I love you-be mign 1" But for all his fond sighs There was ice in the eighs Of the maid at the Pign Apple Inn. N~ow, your offer," said she, "I'll not quite declign, int,m answer, I'll send you one little lign; Should there be kisses two It my letter to ýwo, Why, come back to the Pign Apple Inn." i Best pay in advance," said my butcher benign; in 'tie true as the stars that above us shign, His arms did entwign, And he took kisses nign, From the maid at the Pign Apple Inn. MINNA. MONOPHONE. ordem of different meaning, but the same in sound.) -" I say, there, Tom," said my friend Jack, "Old Bill, the sexton's dead." "Indeed !" said I; " who first you that ?" "The clergyman," he said. He went as usual to the church And next the bell, you know; ut coming back, fell down the steps, And broke his neck below." J. H. VIIvuN, Croydon, DOUBLE OMEGRAM. n the wo last llttersot a word to form another word,) 6Along a woodland irst I strayed One evening atthe gloaming hour, er_ I gave May, who came that way, Alast-a lovely flower. WILD Bana, Lamplugh. . CENTRAL DELETION. rPllstom the entpe of a word to form another.l *I iairst you see in every street: You live in one-I thmink I'm right; IfYou the centre now delete . A watering implemient is in sight. J. H. VIVIN, Croydon.
-DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 8.-Sunlight palely golden shines, While the orb is dim and low, And the arrow-pointed lines Stretch across the sea arow. With a softened rushing sound, From the bonds of night unbound, Comes the wind across the hills, And the heart of Nature fills. In this morning solitude Nature's life is all astir, With their witching power renewed Sing the birds from beech and fir; And, before, a noise of wings As the seamew rises, swings, Sending forth a shrieking note O'er the waters far afloat. Now no tiny daring skiff Penetrates the heart of stone 'Neath where serried rock and cliff Rise abrupt and dark and lone. Echoes from each dim recess Faintly stir the loneliness, But are strangled by the noise From the land and ocean voice. When the summer-time was here, Gay with laughter spread the sea, Then the days shone warm and clear, Rich with joy for you and me. Then with night we held commune At the first of stars and moon, While the western flaming red Lit the land when day was dead. Till the autumn grew apace, Holding still the charm of June, Wearing still the summer's face In the year's late afternoon ; Till the joyful earth was shorn Of the fruitage it had borne, And dear Nature's face grew pale At the touch of winter's gale. Then the strife of tempest shocks Ran along the line of shore; And the terraces of rocks An unceasing warfare bore. Grim the scene of terror's sound, Dark the days that rose around, 'Neath the vault of heaven enorme, Lifeless, stark, lay Nature's form. Now the winter lies between Treasured summer, verdant spring; Changed to smiles the dolorous scene, Spring's own voice is echoing. Flowered the meads, unbound the burns, And the wind no longer mourns; April comes with many tears, But each drop a smile appears. And, like last, so thou and I Wait till days for us shall dawn, Heart with heart, and eye with eye, Till our past thoughts shall be gone. Hope is more than memory- Future, than the hours gone by; Love by memory we prove, But the future gives new love. IvarNoE, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 9.-Two more harps have joined the throng, Two more voices rise with ours In the riddling court of song, Blending with the rest their powers; Two sweet singers, maidens fair, Full of pleasure, bright and gay, Free from aught of pain and care, Maggie C. and Miriam Gray. I would fain a hand extend In true welcome to them both; I would fain call each my friend- That is, if they're nothing loth. For their merry songs disperse All sad musings far away; I admire such pleasant verse, Maggie C. and Miriam Gray. Maids are coming to the fore, In our dear old riddling " T."; We could welcome many more 'Mong our oldest minstrelsy. But this message I would send- From us wander not away; Still the " Tourney's" cause defend, Maggie C. and Miriam Gray. Maggie, conquer as you go; Miriam, gra(y)vely take your stand 'Mid the heroes of the " T.," Bravest of the bravest band. Scorn all fear, and doubt, and shame, Strive your colours to display Till you reach the heights of fame, Maggie U. and Miriam Gray. NELLIE WATsoN, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to the author of " The Yeomen of the Guard.") 10.-When a masher buys his clothes On a credit not his own, And the tailor round the shop for patterns's flying, He forgets how much he owes, And assumes a haughty tone, With bombast unbecoming and undying. His father won't allow Him sufficient £ s. d., Though he's often for more money been a-suing; And the look upon his brow Is a dreadful one to see, For it tells of tailors "done," and tailors " doing." The duns may chase and with ardour burn, But empty purses will return; Though bailiffs down the flue be low'red, They'll ne'er unearth a hidden hoard. His head is like a block Of wood, and, quite a knave, He mashes with persistency unshaken; And the snip parts with his stook (And his best attention gave), Never thinking that he could be so in taken. Then the masher, full of bliss, O'er the pattern he has bought Prepares to conquer girls with its loud beauty; But the tailor may dismiss Of being paid the thought- A masher ne'er considers that his duty ! The duns may chase and with ardour burns But empty purses will return; Though bailiffs down the flue be low'red, They'll ne'er unearth a hidden hoard. F. Josnosote, Manchester. CHARADE. (Formed on a word eoash sfyllabhle o whleh Is a word.) 11.-My first she was a serving-maid- She went to fetch some tea; How much she brought my second tells, As plainly as can be. Now, when you have the answer found, Name it to others, too My wwoloe is just the very thing, In telling them, you'll do. W. O s W, Q(uunrss
NARRATIVE BETAGRAMS. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word, ex* pressed in the narrativo.) 12.--A'll has ye ken ma name is Willie, A hail'frae owre ayont Cardross; Ma mither feeds me aye on skilly- Ne'er gi'en me a taste o' brose. It mak's ane strong, a dinny doot it, But, oh I it's seeknin' a mon say; The same auld stuff a've often soopit, E'en haut a dozen times ane day. The t'ither nioht wee Tam M'Swilly Begood tae say I wis a dug, Because a leeved on nocht but skilly, But, faegs, a cloored him on the lug. Wi' that he gaed my chorkes a rattle That fairly made my senses birl; But syne a felt him wi' a wattle, An' he set up a bonny skirl. A'll hand ye he wis saurly hurtit, But then, ye see, he had nae richt Tae throw the glaur at ane he durtit, And ane he kent had greater micht. Now, Eh, when once we wrote some verses That came out in-the Y. F. P., You said, and almost put in curses, My metre you could not quite see. So now I'm going to pay you out, friend, I will not end this verse in Scotch ; Though if I tried I greatly doubt, friend, That I the needful words could "cotch." Forgive this last most painful stretching, But really-well, you know that rhymes Have often to be rather fetching; They will not come in right sometimes. Your lines above are most affecting; They moved my inmost soul to tears. Now to my aid I am collecting A band of tried and trusty spears. We're going to pay Glasgow a visit. Let that suffice-I'll tell no more. It ought to prove appalling. Is it ? We'll bathe ourselves in Scottish gore ! En AND H. J. W. OSSORD. 13.-Have you heard of Prickem's medicine ? 'Twill cure you of all ills, 'Tis even more effective than all other world-famed pills. If you tread upon some orange-peel and fall upon your back, Just rub the injured part with this-'twill prevent it going black. The other day our baby fell down stairs upon his head; We rubbed him well with Prickem's cure, but still we thought him dead; When all at once he howled aloud-it made me dance with joy, For it had brought him back to life, our darling baby- boy! But the strangest cure it did effect happened in this way: At Waterloo a soldier lost his leg when in the fray ; He rubbed the stump with Prickem's cure-a very easy task- And in a week another grew far stronger than the last; What ! you mean to say you doubt the facts P You un- believing Jews ! But, never mind, try Prickem's cure when you are in the " blues" ! C. FARNCOMBE, Brighton. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To H. Coa.) 14.-There is a riddler known to one and all, Whose writings I have oft perused with glee, For wisdom's sure to come when he lets fall Some lines to grace our noted "Riddle T." Of late his cons. 1 have not chanced to see So frequently as in the days of yore, Though now and then a riddle here will be, Composed by him, replete with mystic lore. The merry knight to whom I here refer Is Harry Cox, the bard of Birkenhead; And I have now a query to prefer- My curiosity has to be fed. Oh. Harry, let the answer soon be said, Are Lucceins and you the same, I'd ask ? I've thought o'er this while waking and in bed. At length I've screwed my courage to the task, And now in longing expectation bask. H. J. W. OFFvOD, London. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word thosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 15.-He was a little pussie, and he looked into a hole, And he saw a tiny mousie, whom he hastened to cajole. "Will you come and sit beside me P" said the pussie, very meek; But the mousie only stared, and nothing did but gently squeak. " And companions I shall find you in my kittens," with a smile, i Our little felina animal continued. "And awhile You eat your cheese of Cheshire I will sing sweet airs to you." But our mousie answered nothing, and our pussie did look blue. Then our hero changed his tactics, and he threatened high and low. " If you don't come out," he muttered, " I will stride in there, and so You had best step forth and be a little comforter to me." But the mousie from his fortress safe looked on with only glee. " Do come, mny little popsy-wopsy." purred the wily host, "And of the choicest viands you shall surely have the most; Then for milk-I bet the hottest I-you shall certainly not seek." But still the disbelieving mouse did nothing else but squeak. Now it happened that the master of this pussie came Salong, and his temper was not sweet-and, more, he did not sing a song; But he kicked our little pussie right the wholelength of the floor, While the mousie hopped about and nothing did but only roar. "Oh, my very little pussie," said the mousie, with a wink, "You will want your sweet companions for yourself, my friend, I think; For mpself, I'd rather sit in gloom and solitude, sweet cat, And grow to be respected as a very holy rat." S. A, D Bwat. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 16.--A volcano fLst will be, It is found in Sicily; Reverse, and to you I will show A prefix that you all well know. COAUDE. CONUNDRUM. 17.-When is a brown dog not a brown dog P TLIBCERTIOInDET,
PROVERB ANAGBlAMS. ', . 18.-O-ut of the: following 'fifty.bine morde make nine well-known proverbs: All rolling children are in no fool's hand. Hay-time shines and glitters' just before the tide gathers. New and clean moss is worth a gold bird. A generous thief sweeps time while you wait for the broom. The procrastination stone in the sun is no bush. Be the men of truth. Is not that two make a speak. W. HIcxs. 19.-Out of the following thirty.five words make six familiar proverbs: Better heads than the devil conquers heaven. One sun is the shame, and every hunger will help labour. Speak and help yourself while the truth hay sauce shines. Make two; you are the best thing. A. NOBLE. CONCEALED FLOWERS AND FRUITS. 20.-Nero sees the men hauling up lumber. Was the cup in Kate's or Angelina's basket P It was comical, the ardour with which the boys pulled and ate the fruit. I rise late, and am so naughty. Levi, 0 let Clem get on the horse. The fruit is now dropping from the trees, and we will engage some of the farmer. Never be naughty, and so escape a chastising. The bush rubs against the fence and appears damaged. The oracle, Mat, is correct-so teacher Ryle says. W. HEwsoN. PUZZLE. 21.-Al. G. Bra wishes the boys and girls to read the following melancholy inscription, which may' be found on a certain monument erected on a certain elevation noted for a certain double tragedy : - J acka ndj Illw E. N. Tupth eh ill Togef apa ilo fwa T. er. Ja ckfe 11 do wnan dbro ke H. I. S. C. R. Own andj illca meta mbli nga F. T. E. B. ENIGMAS. 22.-Without me the world had never been Other than forest wild, or ocean green; I map the earth with lines all fair to see; Remove the mountain, and transplant the tree:; Egypt's vast pyramids of me were born, Without me Greece were of her temples shorn; By me the palace reared which shelters kings; By me the cot wherein the maiden sings; By me the ship is steered across the sea; By me the battle fought triumphantly; By me the seed is sown, the harvest gleaned, And stubborn soil from barrenness redeemed; With hands, without, my functions are fulfilled, Wherever web is spun, or land is tilled; Bird and beast, fish, reptile, all devote Themselves to me, in town or clime remote. What am I, then? Surely I am known to you: Your friend, oldest and best, and ever true. ADA SAXTON. 23.-Ever running on my race, Never staying at one place, Through the world I make my tour. Everywhere at the same hour; If you please to spell my name, Reversed or forward 'tis the same. E. CRoon. 24.-My number, definite and known, Is ten times ten, told ten times o'er; Though half of me is one alone, And half exceeds all count and score. H. FREEMAN. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated. as a metagram,deoapitatloi, dele- tion,and transposition, but leaves a perfeet word after each operation.) 25.-Complete, you will own, I commonly am-seen On garments, new and old, the rich, the mean; Curtail me, I become a slender shred, And 'tis what I do before I go to bed ; But an excursion am without my head; Again complete me, next take off my head, Then will be seen a savoury disk instead; Again behead me. and without dissection, I'm what your fruit is when in full perfection; Curtailed, the verb to tear appears quite plain; Take head and tail off, I alone remain. J. F. CONUNDRUMS. 26.-Why is a chrysalis like a hot'roll? 27.-How can you build a house for nothing ? 28.-What fashionable and unfashionable games do frogs play at ? 29.-Why is blind.man's buff like sympathy ? 80.-What relation is that child to its father which is not its father's own son ? 31.-What is that which feeds upon nothing, and is not injured by exposure? E. SIDDALL.