RIDDLE TOURNAMIENT. CHARADES.
1.-Tra.la-la! tra-la- a. I would wearily sing Of days which have long fluttered by. I strike my sweet harp with a weary ping ! ping ! And I open my song with a sigh. Young Hubert, he loved Lady Alice so fair, But he only got " First !" from her pa. Though he was a young man of goodness quite rare, With never a second or sin, I declare, " First P" cried her old dad and her ma. Ping ! ping Tra-la-la! tra-la.la l Ping I ping 1 So the lovyers they fled that same day; But the father o'ertook them, and lie Mutilated that youth in a barbarous way, And took the maid back to her home-tra-la-lay! "Ah, me, my poor Hubert!" wept she. So she fled once again, and a total became, And strove thus to bury in piety All thoughts of the youth who hail stolen her wits, The youth who had set her young heart in a flame, The youth her grim father had chopped into bits I Tra.la-la I tra-la-la I tra-la-liety ! F. W. BINSTEAD. 2.-When rosy morn the eastern sky Flushed with a tender light, Soft Slumber bade the world good-byo, And gently winged her flight. To catch the sun's first golden rays, From out the yellow corn Uprose the first, and poured its lays, A greeting to the morn. But bark I there sounds the clang of arms, The war-cry echoes shrill. The dreadful sound the fir.st alarms, And stays its joyous trill. * * * S The fatal fight at last has ceased, And o'er the field there fled A knight, who urged his weary beast With second, glistening red. The charger felt the cruel steel Enter his smarting side; The red blood from the knight's armed heel The pretty total dyed. ASPEN. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 3.-Primals, avaunt, and quit my soul for ever I! Lift off thy talons from my bending head- Take from my breast thy smnouldering sparks of fever ! Would I could quench them with the tears I shed ! Why art thou with me still P? ave I not borne thee Far, far along the dreary way of life ? Oh, that compassion from my breast had torn thee, Making a peaceful spot where all was strife I Cross Words. " Lendeth beauty to the scene;" With the toothache you have been; Reg'lar sorrowful doth mean; Quite decidedly is green; All among the wheat is seen Wonderful, and quite scrone;; Are the wintry winds, and keen; Was a well-loved English queen. CESSMEYNE AIaxE. DECAPITATION. 4.-She was a maiden merciless and mutable, But still I loved her madly, to distraction. For one another we were hardly suitable; My love, her spite, were shown in every action. Sometimes she'd loving be, oft inexorable; I grew emaciated, first, and timid, And in a time my state was so deplorable That mother's eyes with briny tears were dimmid. Filled with emotion, brimming o'er, and passionate, I went unto the lass and told my story. The heavenly dress shewore, though I the fashion hate, Seemed much to add unto her beauty's glory. Her voice was sweet, so next 'twas near inaudible, As she declared," Fair youth, you're growing thinner. Now, growing fat, I'm sure, would be more laudable, So run back to your home, and get your dinner! " These were her words, with heartless insipidity. Burning with rage, I swiftly turned and vanished, And since that time my head and heart's solidity Have much increased; all thoughts of love are ban ished, H. C. PRICE, Southwark. ARITIIMOREM. Foundation Word. 5.-He was a king, as you will find, If you in Shakespeare's works search well. To him his daughters were not kind, 'Cept one of whom I like to tell. Cross Words. 50 and wa Legislation; 1,101 ,, boorneat Fomentation; 55 ,, paparo Commendation; 56 ,, toorneu A rotation; GERAnDUS. METAGRAM. 6.-Oh, what a first rose from the fated plain Where Harold brave of England thus was slain I! By rich or poor my second may be used; Its use by queens would scarcely be refused. There's none, e'en from the race of Adam down To this, that's free from third, you'll own. This we all have got or must have had, Be they good, indifferent, or bad. If I did in some competition join, I'd like to fifth-the prize would then be mine. Repository this for corn or wine Is found within this common sixth of mine. Part of a fish in seventh we behold; The same propels fish through the deep, I'm told. A net, or spirit some drink to excess; But better far if they drank none, or less. From earth I'm dug, and worked to this with skill; You'll find me now, if you search with a will. J. SAVAGE, Liverpool. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 7.--The fabled god who rules the ocean, Only does not rule it straight; Those who've felt the Channel's motion This will please corroborate. What clever and instructive work is done When able hands employ the 3, 2, 1 Of wit and wisdom each itself a store, How hard to crack the riddler's 6, 5, 4. We twist our words and use all verbal tricks Just to achieve a sparkling 3, 5, 6. It is not wise to go too far from shore In stormy weather in 3, 5, 6, 4. In winter-time we do not have much sun, And usually the wind is in the 1. I hope this con. which now is you before Will in the " Tournament" be 3, 5, 4. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey. TRANSPOSITION. 8.-When first we've taken with a con., And to the Ed. we send it, Then find it is "Declined with thanks," We feel-well, quite offended. My next a piece of land will show. Ye riddlers 'cute and clever, To solve this little puzzle now, I hope you will endeavour. S. W. HaYEs, Worcester. MONOPHONE. 9.-That gauntlet lying on the field By yonder armoured knight was cast. He cried, "To no man will I yieldl" That gallant first in suit of last. BAPNETT DE BEAR.
CENTRAL CHANGE. 10.-The battle was over, the soldier lay dying, And swift from his side gushed a dark crimson flood; Recumbent upon the green first he was lying, And, weeping, beside him his brave comrade stood. By his side lay his second, all shattered and gory, Memento of all the brave deeds he had done, Telling tales of how he had won "death and glory," Who led the forlorn hope, when hope there was none. His eyes to the face of his comrade he raises, By a gesture he listlessly motions him doiwn. "Take this to the lass whoa has oft won your praises, My Nellie, the pride of our dear native town.' The hyacinth sky beams in orient splendour, And the sun, like a bright ball of rire, glows red, As the prayers of tho comrade a requiem render To the soul of the man who lies ghastly"alnd dead. HaiAiuiNTON AND M'DosocuoI. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. loasndf tion lt'orts. 11.-Two girl riddlers-alnmost the only two That to Youn!g Polks are faithful, loyal, true. Though mnany l eavre us, these do staunch remain, Their spirits wax when their companions' wane. All hail to them ! and may thely ver stand Amid the foremost of our riddling band. Cross IVords. A first de plunw I'd scorn to use; I would as soon second my shoes; A verdant meadow we see here; My next we find in " Silvermer ;" Dear reader. don't you e'er be this, Nor o'er a change for better miss; A sound returned does next appl ar; An incense pan brings up the rear. T. P. DOTCHuom. OMEOR AM. 12.-The School Board man, with awful mien, knocked at the widow's do ,r. And sternly said, " I think I've been hero once or twice before." The widow sorrowfully replied, in accents mild and meek, " Yes, sir "--and here she deeply sighed-" ) o called last Tuesday week." "How many children have you ?" then, inquiringly, said he. The widow sadly sighed again, and softly murmured, "Three." Said he, " I'm education's friend; you've twice defied the rule. Now, why the lickens don'tyon send those children three to school F" The widow's first was free from guile, as, in sweet tones and low, She answered, with a ghostly smile, " The next is, they wOU't go." "That story, mum, won't do for me I" And, as away he coursed, "A summons yon shall have !" yelled he. "The law saull be enforced." The widow looked extremely grieved, and shed a briny tear. A summons she next day received, which said she must appear At once, so to the court she went, all friendless and alone. " This s the worst predicamuent," said she, " that I have knownr." Then sternly said the magistrate, " You've twice defied the rule. You have three children-now, ma'am, state why don't they go to school ?" The widow's first was free from guile, as, in sweet tones and low, She nmurmnred, with a ghostly smile, "Because they will not, go." " Won't go !" and here the judge arose. " Now, madam, that won't do, And I shall certainly impose a heavy flue on you. Hlow old are they," said he to her, " that you they won't obey F" Then answered she, " The youngest, sir, is thirty.flce to. day " GRIGGos THE AUTOMATON. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 13.--My brain is fired i I swear that I'll gain fame I A sample of my acting you shall see; The world, ere long, shall echo with my name. Behold nie now a king-" King Dick the Three I" What ! dare ye smile ? Ho ! ho ! guards! Guards, I say! Base serfs, bow down anlld own my gracious rule. I go to claim a victory to-day I A mule I a mule I My kingdom for a mule ! Charge, soldiers I Bear your foemen to the ground! Base Richmond me shall never triumph o'er; And when we've won- Buthark i that dreadful sound. The cat's.meat man is knocking at the door I F. RI. CouLsuO, Bow. ANAGRAMS ON SCOTCH TOWNS. 14.-Where have you been, dear? To see Mr. Brown! How nice ! I suppose you went with him to town ? He ran in to see if his luggage was there. 'Twas not, and he seemed much inclined to despair. The train is now due. Ned. 'Tis here; so, good night. Now don't you forget that you've promised to write. Let Ira ride Sultan, and you take old Kate, And hate a smart gallop; but be back by eight. He got his leg in a hole covered with grass, And that was how this sad affair came to pass. MIiss Sara rent her nice silk dress ri::ht around; While running, she managed to fall on the ground. NoN ihlmus 'IonuIAR. CHARADE. 15.-Oh, dear! I've such a large amount of work to do to-day! I've got to mend my dolly's clothes, And put them all away; I walhed tlwm all so nice and clean The ul her afternoon, And huImg them in the garden, where 'The lir",t did next them soon. Don't say that I'm an idle girl, Because I like to play; I mind the baby, do whole things For dear mamma each day. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. SQUARE WORDS. 16.-A hind of tree my first will name; Thrives in cold climates. Find the same. This con., I hope, will please our Ed., And not provoke his next instead. A colour bright in third you'll view- That is, if found aright by you. M. GErT., Fermoy. DECAPITATION. 17.-Decapitate a living man (Which is gross cruelty); However, if you do it right, A liquor you will see. R. Gexasr. METAGRAM. 18.-A colour is my first- It is not green, nor red; Cbange bead, and tlen, I think, A guide you'll have instead. W. D. PICKERIN.