RIPDDLE TOURNAMENT. SArPRRATIVE METAGRAMS.
irst letter of a word is hangoed, to form another word in While sitting one day in my office in state, latent on some work I'd to do, Sall, lanky person, with shuffling gait, yresented himself to my view. s cheeks had been red, and his eyes had been blue, nBut now were the colours reversed, For blue were his cheeks, and his eyes a red hue, While his nose into blossoms had burst. , was down at the heel, and up at the toes, His earmeuts were holy (no joke), ld when from my seat I inquiringly rose, These words in a glib tone he spoke: "Buy my pens and blackest inks; Rubber stamps; toothache elixir; A recipe for summer drinks- Take a patent toddy mixer P" I~gainn took my seat, with a wave of my hand, Bat never a warning he'd take; And thee I said, " Pister, you must understand No bargain in here will you make. Ido 't require pens, or your cheap rubber stamps, Which you seem very anxious to sell, For your set are a lot of deep swindling scamps- You'd sell goods and buyer as well." He looked iu my face with astonishment mute, Gave vent to a terrible groan, Then plunged his arm down in the depths of his suit, And saidl, in lugubrious tone : "I have files and razor-strops, Perfect cure for corns and bunions; Brushes good and office-mops, Agent for best Spanish onions." Once again I uprose in person and wrath, And said, with a terrible yell, "Get clear of this office and out of my path, Or tolled is your funeral knell 1" He Fazed in my face with a questioning look, Bat no sign of departure he made, Until, when he pulled out a big sample book, h[y debt of long-suffering was paid; I shoved him outside, and I shut to the door, Then knew all my troubles were done, While far up the roadway I heard a hoarse roar, And felt he again had begun : " Scented soap and chocolate creams; Here's a splendid hair restorer; How to read your nightly dreams; Cuts of Sullivan, the ' floorer.'" In the custody court I had business next morn, And there was my friend of last night; He was given in charge, so the "bobby" had sworn, For causing annoyano,- and fright. The magistrate said, with judicial air, " Well, prisoner, what have you to say Why you shouldn't now the full penalty bear Oi raising a row in this way P" The prisoner looked up with a business-like glance, Peered about for his travelling.case, And as they all roared o'er the court-room's expanse, Said, with many a smirk and grimace: " Who'll buy mousetraps, forms of wills, Spectacles to see through clearly P Here's a box of patent pills: How to make ten thousand yearly !" Ivarmo., Belfast. In the merry old days of swift-running bays, d old-fashiou'd coachmen and coaches, ben footpads-highwaymen-conspired to belay men, ad watched for the coaches' approaches, ere lived a gay party, bluff, kindly, and hearty, he type of the happy-go-lucky, hose acts with the "hoss.whips," so rumoured the gossips, a perils were marvellous plucky. w, gay Muster Bridle (he scorned to be idle) Was smart, and his death was a loss, sir; iteams they were matchless, his harness was patchless; He went to "great pains !'" with each hoss, sir. th' height of his glory, so runneth the story, a taking his ey'ry.day gallop ith pussengers few, he encountered the " crew" he ad long hoped and wished to well wallop I Spassengers,'frighted, dismounted-alighted, nd Brdie from th' box slow descended meet three masked faces and several braces I shooters, for usage intended. iek Bridle did rush, but before him did push Sman, as if foes would combat him; ping, Tan well his hide; can't be done till ye've tried,; d," Hold me back while I get at himl" railed at the foes: " Ye darena disclose er features, ye skunks who betray men; Warring with ladies your pluck, I'm afraid, is coward's--'tis not a highway, men. ct, a I I see yonder" (surprise and much wonder l) 'The p'lice have got scent o' your quarry; ,here, drink my health, and begone and use stealth, Ahd confess for yer conduct ye're sorry." Sthe "linker" was drugged; the highwaymen were hugged lathe arms of the law, and condemned to labour for years in a cold, cheerless prison, teach his poor life put an end to. rhttid vas commended, his wages " extended," telling this tale 'twas his hobby; People said that " For smartness he had 5t0hoaer the skeer'd village bobby I" V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. . saw one night a most fearful sight-- Or the cold, cold hills in the dead of night: Aihantom grisly and clothed in white, avig a torch with a lurid light; Itfee was pale, of an ashen hue, Wi unsightly wings, through the night it flew; aestlylit soared to the skies of blue-- f ighful phantom it was to view; it hands were skinny and lank and long, Ad lutched a sheet as it fled along. 1~eling of graveyard.monld so strong, Iacied it leader of Death's pale throng. srilled, it shrieked, and shivered and groaned, awe and rattled its bones and moaned, 'are and glanced on my upturned face, lung to and clasped me with cold embrace, mBo e away to a moonland home, °te t le elin, the sprite, and gnome; aO '.crystal hills of a ghostly land, e moonlit sea and a silver strand, SIld, dank isle,'where the chill winds sigh Trequlems unto eternity. Jsin. 1-0h, thou art tall and thou art fair. bou hast en unhlsuming air; Thou art not proud, thou art not vain, hou canst all artifice disdain; and thou, dear maiden, seemest full 2nl that)'s fair and beautiful. honrwil t nrt chidle if Ireprove, Tr biozo thy soul of love, Th, emP so free from earthly leaven, So t aies pure incense unto heaven, mu=, agre on souls aboae Luccuvs.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. op: r the f1lrs letterof a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-Naval suit of deepest blue, Eyes of brilliant azure hue, Fair moustache par secelInce, Vere-hke pose of nonchalance; MIauly form so full of grace, Dimpled cheeks, and smiling face, Cap half-hiding curls of gold Floating o'er his brow, so bold. Is he some fond mother's pride, Wandering far across the tide ? Did her eyes with longing burn As he promised to return From the shining, trackless main, When the ship sailed home again ? Or, perchance, a maiden fair Gave him one bright lock of hair- Pressed her rosy lips to his In a fond and loving kiss, As she said, " Be true to me When you sail upon the sea.'" Did a stately father's hand Clasp his own upon the strand P Did that father's bosom swell As he spoke a low " Farewell" ? Or, perhaps, a sister's heart Saddened when they bad to parr,; Her white fingers touched his own For a moment, with a groan, As she kissed the curls of gold, And a whispered blessing told. Ah I with such a radiant smile, Full of every winning wile. I could love that sailor lad; He, alone, can make me glad If those strong arms would but twine Round about this waist of mine, And-- h, goodness I here's a fix! 'Tis but a doll, price one-and-six I NILLrt WATSON. Cheshunt. 6.-How blank and drear the earth would seem, Were there no flower-faces To give the hills, the woods and fields Their pleasing charms and graces 1 Could spring be spring without a flower To smile at April's weeping ? Would robins trill no gay a song, Or May Day be worth keeping ? And only think how bare the hedge Would look without its posies 1 How queer 'twould be to have a June That did not smell like roses I No dandelions on the swara For childhood's busy fingers, No morning-glories drinking dow While golden sunrise lingers I No violets, with hoods of blue, To nod at mild spring's coming; No clover blossoms : would we hear The busy bees' soat humming ? And were there no forget.me-nots, No buttercups or daisies, The children would be lost for sports, The poet lost for phrases. No flowers, with their refining power- No wafts from you sweet heaven- No tokens of a love divine To erring mortals given I Ah, flowers, your smiling faces prove The Source of all our pleasures Would not pronounce creation good Without you, floral treasures i J. A. BALL, Burtonwood. (To Patrick S., eo fast.) 7.-My dear friend, I'm very sorry That your thoughts so constant move To the man who works the moonbeams In the starry heights above. And I'd really like to help you, If you'll please accept my aid, And we may find out together "How that follow got his spade." Now, suppose the tool he uses Is a spade, as you avow (But if he's a mina for farming He may also have a plough) : Now put this and that together, And the mystery grows thick; If he owns a spade and plough, why, He may also have a pick. And a rake, so says Ca Ira, He has also got in store; And the thought that must arise is, " Only this, and nothing more." That his having all those implements Must surely breed alarm, For if he means to use them, He must also have a farm. Now, a farm requires a harrow, And a harrow needs a horse, And a horse must have a stable, And a harness-set, of course; And the man requires a house, you know, And-really, I'm afraid I've forgotten quite to tell you " How that fellow got his spade." J. KENNEDY, Middlesborough. 8.-Of music I am very fond, Though an instrument I cannot play; But I've sisters and brothers- who are The plague of my life every day. Cecilia plays the violin, And scrapes till my blood curdles cold, And the shrieks that that instrument gives Would frighten the witches of old. On the grim concertina young Tom Practises night after night, While I ponder-in wretchedness o'er The con. I am trying to write; But the screams of that brute of a thing Come surging on through my poor brain, Till my pen e'en refuses to write The words of the poetic strain. In the drawing-room Edith and Fred " (How I wish they were in a balloon I) From the pianoforte in turn They each try to extract a tune; And the bangs, and the thumpings, and clinks Come wasting beneath my room door, Till I shiver and shake in my chair, And heartily long for their "gore." R. L. Jsareasoc, London. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of oether words.) Foundation Word. 9.-I love the crests of rolling waves, I gleam and sparkle on the sands Where'er the bright green water laves, Or where there's shingly, beachy strands. I warn you of the tempest's roar, The mariner knows me full well, So, reader, dear, what want you more P The lights below my name will tell. Gross Words. The first glides swiftly o'er the sea, Where'er it is its nsat will be; 'Tis meant to guard old England's shore, And bravely does so as of yore. The thi'd is used at journey's end To oqst in port, the sailor's friend- }is friend when riding o'er the whole, Thb guildian of his body aud soul. RI , .T J.ifiF0loba ar Aoruos-sao..
NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (Obange the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (" Where are the Scribes of the Old Brigadee" ?) 10.-We've been thinking of the prowess you good minstrels have attained, Of the foemen you have scattered, and the strongholds you have gained; And we saw with looks regretful, mingled with a touch of pride, That there's many a matchless minstrel gone with the outgoing tide. Knights who won our truest gratitude-all happy may they be Maids who earned our warm eulogiums, sang they so merrily; And we sigh as we remember and the absent ones recall, They who've written so indelibly their names upon the wall. Once-alas! 'tie long ago-but once our eyes would always meet Welco'ne names, familiar faces they were wildly glad to greet. How we used to give ovations, as delighted people do, To the wit and gentle humour of sweet Lottie W. Sympathetic Annie Royston ever pleased the" Tourney" throng, With the kindliest of motives joyed us all with purest song. Shall we o'er so far forget us as to rub from melu'ry's slate One of all the myriad talents of her clever sister Kate ? And we ever will remember bright effusions, far from few, That flowed from Jennie Arthur's len, and Maggie Denny's, too; So sweet were all their fancies urging on the " Tourney" knights, Like Miss Zimmermann, Miss Rendle, leading stars among your lights. And another tasteful writer whom we never now do see Is the one-time "Tourney" treasure, kind and modest Rosa B. Oh, 'is sad to fear we've lost them with the changes Time does make, And we wish the erring Musa just as good a batch would bake Yet there still remain true soldiers to theever.waving flag, True, we know, while there is left of it a tatter or a rag. Raise your voices, O ye legions of the past and what has been, Give your hearty British plaudits to your ever-constant queen; She whose reign has been so gracious o'er the loyal ones of the " T.," Still among us in our warfare, as we hope sheloug will be. Gentle Queenie often treats us to the beauties of her taste, In the home of wit and humour which her name so long has graced; May her voice be ever with us and her name be ever seen, To remind us of the "Tourney's" past and keep rO. membrance green. Oh, there's many gentle lyrists who have joined us in our zeal, Full of promise are their efforts and their "Touriney" faith is leal. Nellie Watson, merry songstress, full of pathos, blithely sings Till the " Tourney " lists are crowded and the very welkin rings. Be you ever with us, Nellie, to inspire us with your glee, To acknowledge from the knights of song each hearty " three times three." And, Madeira, be you with us in all seasons of the year, With Miss Holloway, Miss Douglas, and Miss Annie Smith to cheer. Miss Flora and Miss Amy, may we often hear from you, Ever steadfast in your sailings with the "Tourney's" gallant crew. There are knights to 'spouse your causes and with lances clear the w:ay; As of old is this our " Tourney," as of old is it to.day. VIOLET DAVIES AND V. D. T. 11.-My love, on the day I last met you, Though I knew we might ne'er meet again, I was sure that I ne'er should forget you, And our parting was fraught with great pain. But still I continue quite true, love, To the maid' who is queen of my heart, Who is fair, who is winsome, and who, love, From my memory ne'er shall depart. My love, though quite lately fond maters Of daughters who're still on the shelf With the heat of a dozen equators Of love have pursued thi. sail elf, I'll remain ever true to the ending, Their wiles unavailing will be; So believe me, fair Cupid's attending, And he'll ne'er let me, love, forget thee. The catsmeat.man's girl round the corner Sets eyes that are longing on me, But to-day, love, I'm going to warn her That my heart for her ne'er can be free. And the housemaid at number two-forty Keeps constantly winking all day. But I treat her with scorn, cold and haughty, While for your quick return, love, I pray. A. AiIBELEY AND lt, W. AND=EWS. OMEGRAM. (The lastletter of a word is ohnnsed to form another word.) 12.-We've been asked to give a recipe for puzzles to compose, And to satisfy these riddlers' urgent wishes We're going to imitate them-be explicit, not verbose; In fact, we'll act the sick men unto fishes. Well, you first of all arrange yourself upon an easy-chair, Completely of all rubbish clear the table, Pass your hand sublimely with a flourish through your hair, Then.commence your story, puzzle, or your fable. But first you'll want a drink; now, that's a most important thing- A glass of water's all that you'll require; Then you lift your pen and nibble, then you change your mind and sing- At least, if to a poet you'd aspire. Then with everything complete, your table trim and neat, You cast your eyes around your cosy (P) room. Dip your pen into the ink, for a single moment think Of Caesar's or of Bonaparte's dread doom. Then see if you can write a rhyming-record of their might, And if you can't write of some riddler's glories; Praise first to your heart's content, say his muse is heavenly sent, And laud last mediocre riddling stories. And then if you your riddle consider" second fiddle," Don't rave and tear the hair frong off your head; Put your puzzle in the fire, try to quench your rising ire, Snuff your candle out. and-harry off to bed. E. J. SOHOrPzELD AND . A. Dn BEan, VEERBAL CHRADE. (A word, etcal 1itter of which is treated separately.) 13.-One-fourth of bard, One-fourth of lard, And then one-fifth of judge; One-fourth of hbeef, One-fourth of reef, And then one-fifth of fudge; One.fourth of deer, One.fourth of beer, And then one:flfth of sight8 One.fourth of bond, Onefouirth of pond, Reve',!t a gallant Idlight, W, R nxcEAnfnl0, 1l, J, GfditlElD, AND J, COkPSe. ,
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (0hange the first two leotters of a wird to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 14.-" I dreamt I dwelt in marble halls," 'midst gardens fair and fountains, Far away from " Home, Sweet Home." o'er "Blue Alsatian Mountains;" Ringing sweetly in the distance were "The Bells of Corneville," And I listened, as one spellbound, to their melody until They seemed to me to be " Sweet chiming bells of long ago." My youthful days returned, and I was "Swinging" to and fro Upon that swing that stood near by " The Village Black. smith's" door, And I thought that I could see my youthful friends "Once More." Then the scene changed; "In the Gloaming" I was standing In a wood, And "Sweet Violets" were growing round the spot whereon I stood. There I stopped till overhead the stars began to gleam, Then I left the wood and walked " Down by the old mill. stream," And I listened to the water's splashing till I seemed to be "Rocked in the cradle of the deep," while dimly I could see " The Harbour Lights " were shining on the land so far away; But presently the wind rose up, we felt "The Tempest's " sway, For hours we ran before the storm, the waves swept o'er the deck, And in "The Bay of Biscay" the good ship became a wreck. Then to the bottom down it wont, "Down went the Captain," crew, And all the precious cargo, and I very nearly, too, Was on the point of sinking, but I "Just in Time" awoke To save myself, and then I said, "It's nothing but a joke "- That is, I mean a dream: I should have drowned in half a minute, And I'm so glad to find that after all "There's nothing in it." P. W YArr, Nottingham. DUAGRIAM. (Ohance the first two lettery of a word to form another word.) 15.-Young Tom was hard up, so he went, nothing daunted, To his uncle, and told him his wee bit of sorrow; He said, " I'm in love-by her face I am haunted I And I haven't a sou, so in faith I must borrow." Then he laid down his watch, though his pleasure it tainted, And he borrowed five "bob," for his heart it would crumble If he won not the girl-though he knew that she painted; Tlen he went to her house and inside he did stumble. But her father was there, and to Tommy was hateful, For Tommy got the worst of a bit of a struggle; But it cured him his love, and he's now very grateful, For Cupid with Tommy can never more juggle. J. W. bLWELL. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the latter, in a word to form anothor word.) 16.-Let poets sing of rural joys, And all the charms maintain Of pastures dotted o'er with sheep, And fields of golden grain; I'll first that there are beauties rare In bird and flower and tree, But still I'll venture to exclaim, "A city life for me 1" I know the fields are fresh and green, And balmy is the air; I know the songe of joyous birds Are ringing everywhere; I know that bright and fragrant flowers On every side we see; But still, though this and more be true, "A city life for me." For I enjoy the din and roar Of busy city life; And glad am I to join the throng, And mingle with the strife. The final, ever.ehanging crowds Are sights I love to see, And so, my frind -. L always say, "A city life for ulo." C. F. BAnaxn, Wood Green. 17.-A well.known beast this is to all; Transpose it, and you'll see A sight that's common to the view, Yet commoner to the sea. Dixoe. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (Theletters of a word are transposed, and fornm another word in the narrative.) 18.-Oh, Titus Fitzmuggins was happy and gay, No bachelor e'er was so happy as he, Until one eventful and fine summer's day A charming young damsel he happened to see. Now Titus had ne'er met a maiden so fair, And that man is but human he surely did prove, For really I'm bound to acknowledge that o'er He knew it himself he was deeply in love. It surprised him at first, and the novelty he, No doubt, thought delicious, and odes by the score He thereupon turned out with gusto and glee, And felt ready to meet all demands made for more. He vowed that his life was Elysian bliss, Existence one round of most rapturous joys; And he'd realized scarcely his first lover's less Before he was wed and the "dad" of five boys l A. AMBERLEY AND e. L. JEFFsrssSON.