gpI)LE TO URNAMENT. R ERATIVE DECAPI"CURTAILMENT.
- frt nd lost letters from a weord, leaving another tets wotrt;od, expressed in the narrative.) e to our " Tourney " battles, welcome, Alice, 40our band, one, 'll gladly offer you a firm, extended hand; y hearts filled with pleasure when I saw your 02e diepa Ye . vrnesth a con. so winning, putting mine quite in the ,ade. i tn seem something dreadful for one girl to stand a ad of cavaliers, watching round Queen Marion's this thing has often happened, and I'm very glad Senter in our number with a promise firm and rne. Itrlyhope you'll linger in our brilliant" Tourney " e iby winning graces, rousing us with each weet song; Itrust your new.found pleasure in our ranks will ereyn, please remember Nellie Watson is your end, NpELLIE WATsON, Cheshunt. DECAPI.CURTAILMENT. pthe first and last letters from a word, leaving another word.) p.-An ever-present picture thou, Set in the frame of memory; Love's archers set beneath thy brow, Whose powers enslave in setting free. A form where fascination dwelt, Not here, nor there, but in the whole; A mind where deeper searching felt The throbbings of a growing soul. In the eternity of dreams, When time in dying ends the day, I caught thy spirit's haunting gleams, But could not shake the clod away. Yet where the presence is, I know The waiting heart must still remain; Thus disappointment can but owe Its little debt to deathless gain. To-day's delight is long ago, Our store-house lies within the past; And with the present sheen and show Our heart's delight can ne'er be classed. Yet we the future time may prize For all the pleasure it may prove- The height from which to recognize The distant honeyed land of love. I do not ask for what has been, That I may make it more my own, For all that e'er can intervene-- All periods of time's passing known, Cannot make firmer that which is, Cannot make feeble what I feel, And first knit the thoughts of bliss, That known, the heart cannot conceal. And thou-thou art not what thou wast, Thy witchery dead, thy-brightness gone; let when I look within the past I last the sunset in the dawn. And graven on the secret stone, Imperishable, still remains The image in that day made known, Whose beauty Nature never more attains. IvAraHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DELETION. letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) ;.-Mr. Jenkins was a grocer small- By this I mean he was not tall- But, oh 1 no insult could be grosser Than to ask if he would like to orow, sir. 'Twould be more than likely he'd grow sore It you were to tell him to grow more. His rival, Mr. Jones, the tin-man, Was, in truth, an awfully thin man; And though he was not short in his breath, Yet none denied he had shortness of breadth. Both were in love with a lady's-maid, Who in silks and satins herself arrayed; Though a lady's-maid, none could mistake That she ever would a lady make. Well, Jenkins and Jones proposed one day, But the maid knew hardly what to say, Por the loved the one as well as the other, And which that one caused her some bother. But she decided, as both loved true, The best way was to marry the two; So they packed up, bade Britain adieu, And now live happy in Timbncuotoo. T. WARD, Dublin. META.OMEGRAM. e the first and lasi letters of a word to form another word.) v-They have faded away like the summer- Those hop-s that I cherished so, Gone with the flowers and fragrance- Gone with the sunset's glow, And with them the only brightness That my life could ever know. They fell to the earth like dead flowers- The castles I built in the air : In the prime of the summer's glory I raised them with tender cares; Did I dream they would shatter so quickly First my heart held such dire despair P They have gone, like my childhood, for ever- The friends who were dearest and best; Nezt will never know how I miss them, Nor how I am care-oppressed. They have gone from a world of trouble To peace and eternal rest. LnaAN MI. DoUesAs. VERBAL CHARADE. iWord. ech letter of which is treated separately.) 5.-In fiddle, not in sticks; In candle, not in wicks; In ringer, not in bell; In tortoise, not in shell; In Shakespeare, not in Bacon g In physic, not in taken; In naughty, not in Willie; In gruel, but not in skilly; Your skill this will not overwhelm-- Behold a coin of the realm. J. W. SEWELL. CURTAILMENT. Dro0the inal letter of a word. leavinu another word.) 6.-Like a tyro on the fiddle, oma. When I try to write a riddle, t what my jirst, I always find Before I get into the middle a. They're as flat as any griddle, me music of nezt anything but timed, Still I scribble, scibble, scribble, .g And at times I fret and quibble. for such unseemly conduct there's no need; For I've found the Ed. so civil, .. And third spiritof a Sibyl "R. FsrzEraLLD.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS, tknwa t.nh aso a sn I /.._ nt a we tI fr atnnher"wW,. evr pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Of all the great woes that attend you in life (And some are more dreadful than others), We think it misfortune-it oft causes strife- To have a sweetheart with four brothers. For should you by chance give offence to the maid, Or break the engagement off.handed, Displeasure in magnitude oft is displayed, Satisfaction is also demanded. Although you may quail, It is no avail; They'll meet you by moonlight (or suntif you will), For vengeance they vow that your blood they will spill, And you then despatch unto Hades; And should you complain, They'll do it again- It's all on account of the ladies. Perchance you may be in a 'bus or a tram, And the weather dissolves into raining, When a stoutish old lady, who's just had a "dram," Gets in and commences complaining Anent the bad weather-of trouble she's full; And advancing so coyly towards you, You resign her your seat, though you think she is cool As a stare in return she accords you. Though polite you may be, It is easy to see She thinks it a tribute that's only her due, Though it causes discomfort extreme unto you; You think, "What a nuisance this jade is I" But you must not complain- Just repeat in refrain, "It's all on account of the ladies." No doubt some of you are inclined for a "mash," And often indulge in your failing; You don your best clothes and obtain all your cash, Then out on the search you go sailing. A girl who's decidedly witty and fair You meet. Ah, your search now is ended; When her sweetheart approaches and lets out a" swear," The mud and the masher are blended. Although you may stamp, And inwardly champ, The sweetheart is bigger and stronger than you, And all's unavailing, whate'er you may do; Your new suit of clothes muddy made is. Ah, then, friend, repeat, In words soft and sweet, "It's all on account of the ladies." E. W. GEOr E AND H. J. W. OFrroD. 8.-Oh, who in the world is as happy as I, As over the waters I swiftly fly I In a staunch little boat, all taut and trim, I sail away till the land is dim; And the spray of the waves splashes over the bows, And under the counter the swift water flows- With a dip and a curtsey over the sea Rides my bark so merrily. The brown-sailed fishing-craft homeward hie, And shadows creep over the evening sky; My boat lightly bends to the salt sea wind, Leaving a long track of foam behind. Her pennon gleams in the setting sun- We are homeward bound, for the day is done; With a dip and a curtsey home o'er the sea Rides my bark so merrily. THEsEUs. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to torm another word.) 9.-Your lance is made of steel, sir knight, But in the days of old This made the antiquated lance The scribe did wield, I'm told. In Scotland it adorns the banks Of river-and of rill; It rears its crimson blossom On the proud, majestic hill. They say the last is changed; forsooth, By some it is supposed The calendar for '88 Has somehow got transposed. R. WATT, Glasgow. 10.-0 queen of the "Tourney," I'm yours to command; In your cause I will fight in this " Tournament " grand; Having heard of its wonders. I came here to see, Such brilliance and grace I thought never could be. Long, long have I waited and sighed for a chance With first of its knights to venture a lance. O queen of the " Tourney," in your praise I will sing : May your kindness and virtue throughout the land ring; May your reign be long, full of pleasure and peace, May the fame of the " Tournament" ever increase. And hoping that I your friendship shall gain, I will take my departure, to soon last again. C. FAmNcoxar, Brighton. 11.-My first is very useful, You'll all agree with me; And when first captures my last, First kills it speedily; put if last in speed should match, Why, first will find last hard to catch. IRoN MAser. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. ]2.-Prienals is full of fun and Pictures bright and witty; 'Tis a journal, bear in mind, Published in a city. Cross Words. We go by the first on a holiday, Although we have a lot to pay. This is a fish, bear in mind; It is not very hard to find. Third is a well-known British bird, I'm sure its name you must have heard. Fourth is the name of a riddling bard; To find it won't be very hard. .ifth is " singing" on the wall; I think this brick will make her fall. Last is another riddler's name, Who is getting into fame. F. E. HIND, Hull. Foundation Word. 13.-The thunder rolls, the lightning wildly gleams, And from the clouds the water pours in streams; The wind is blowing very fierce and hard, And nothing mortal can its course retard, Cross Words. A first is sailing bravely on nert sea, And all third board are glad and full of glee; For they are drawing nearer day by day The homes they left for lands far, far away. When-hark I that cry! She's struck, and soon the air Is'fourth with wails of agony and despair; The bravest last on board is heard to sigh, 'Fraid of the awful death that's drawing nigh. One plunges madly in the seething mass, As if quite sure the epd had come to pass. All are resigned. Alas! all hope has ted- They'll very soon be numbered with the dead. When, see-a lifeboat's battling with the waves, And ev'ry soul on board that ship it saves; None braver are, you surely will confess, Than lifeboat crews when ships are in distress. H. J. W. OFFOrnD ArND REHCo. CONUNDRUM, l4.-W'hat is the difference between the' National Gallery and a fox P-G. S. Aers's.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanlng. but the same In mundJ 15.-In London streets you'll find there's quite a quantity of cries, Which cause you oft to listen with a feeling of surprise: When in the Strand you'll hear the newsboys shouting-- sometimes late- "B. Be's tips," " Here you are, sir," "Winner of the Derby Plate;" "Fifth tar," "Parnell Commission"-I am sure it Startles one As it Echoes down the street and makes you wonder why 'tis done: And other Evening ewssanoes whose names I do not know. In fact, you have to Standardeal of noise where'er you go. Now, take a walk down Fleet.street, and you'll see some Sporting Life, For with the diff'rent betters there is never aught but strife; Each Sportsman makes his way there just to know the winning horse, And fairly hoarse with rage is he if hd has lost-of course. E'en when you're in your downy bed you cannot rest in peace, For "Shocking Murder in Whitechapel" howls will never cease; "Arrest of ' Jack the Ripper" some will loudly shout and yell, But when you've bought the paper it turns out to beasell. And then, again, when morn arrives you're never left in peace, There's always some excitement on and yelling for " Police 1" Then chaps with fine fresh winkles vie with other business men In seeing who can make the biggest row; and then, again, You have the morning papers, which you cannot read with ease While the cauliflower man outside is howling 'bout his peas; Then the milkman's charming call, so like an Indian's, you know, And the coal-cart man with all his shrieks is my most mortal foe. Perhaps you have not been around our way P I wish you joy For you've escaped the bawling of the paraffin-oil boy. You ne'er can eat your breakfast-O my brethren, prithee weep, For wasted on the breeze you'll hear the well-known voice of " Sweep." Then " Knives to grind," or " Pots to mend," monotony relieves, While frequently we're made acquainted with the cry of "Thieves I" "Old clothes" are also popular, and, judging from their rushes, I think there is a run upon new brooms, and even brushes. "Bat-tat I" the knocker on the door exclaims with joyous glee, A creditor's account just interrupts me at my tea; Now, though it is instructive and good trade, we still don't care, Because they are the enemies of HEron amD DE BEAR. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An aorostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 16.-Primala is my native land, The land that I adore; 'Tis noted for its scenery grand, The whole of finals o'er. Cross Words. 600 and heaar This will, if read aright by you, A kind of riddle bring to view. 101 ,, runon An animal this is of fable; Find its name if you are able. 1,001 ,, snug This and writing now am I, While the fleeting hours pass by. 50 ,, bahfus 'Tis very awkward to be this, If you would court some pretty " miss." 500 ,, ranout A building, round inside and out, Is called this without a doubt. 502 ,, ann This empire long has been Ruled o'er by England's Queen. 1,500 ,, ear When to war our soldiers go This are they to meet the foe. SwEET LAVENDER, London. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 17.-Far, far below, in the bowels of the earth, I heard of the fame of the " T. ;" So collecting my demons, a council I held, And revealed my intentions, you see. For my mind was made up-a visit I'd pay, And join in the revels up here; So catching the midnight express from below, I arrived just in time to appear. Kind maidens, please listen, a warning I tend- I soon fall in love with the fair; And when I return I shall not go alone, For my throne some lady must share. THE DEMON PRINco. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) (To our Ed.) 18.--Dear zir, excuze my silly rhyme, Of bad bronunzeashun ; And pleasze don't first me, sir, this time For karelez bunctuazhun. 'Tiz a jederal cobplaint wid zome When znow and ize is here, And, though the snow has not yet kome, I have got this zevere. My head iz sore, my eyez are weak, I sit and zigh and sob ; O, zir, from you a kure I zeek- Oblige your last friend RoE. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 19.-To give last to my feelings I'd fain in my first, For I'm sure that of mortals I've been treated the worst; My loved one has left me, my love she does spurn- She's gone to a whole, never more to return. SWEET LAVENDER. 20.U-To use ily first skill is required; My second's Caleb's son of fame; My whole is very much admlired As a male Christian name. MlAGoIE CoNequrB, Neirwcastle. 21.--Yes, you kissed her pretty second When beside the jirst you strayed; And you did it when at whole, sir, When sweet things to her you said. 22.-Who joys in ' literary treats " Must something know of " obsoletes." For Shakespeare's writings are replete With words now counted " obsolete." And Milton, Dryden, Scott, and Keats Do all exhibit "o" oletes." In " modern poets," too, one meets A host of total "obsoletes." First "standard literature," I weet, Abounds in words loast "obsolete." Whenfacts like these the seps,s greet, Who can dem6 the "obsoleta"I WL-"o-TSE- -WISP.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAM., (The las etter of a word !s ohanged to form'another word, ex* preose im me us.;rauve., 23.-They were tripping o'er the meadow very neatly, " Oh, the sun is very warm," said he; And she smiled on him so prettily and sweetly, " Yes, the sun is very warm," said she. Then he took her little hand and pressed it gently, Quite by accident he fell upon his knee And his face was very red, so she turned her little head- " Will you be my little bride P" said he. " Will you be my little bride P? Will you be my little bride P Will you be my little bride P" said he. " Yes, I'll be your little- Be your little- Be your little bee I will be your little bride I" said she. Then he said that he was happier than she was, And he'd never felt so glad before; But she said that she was happier than he was, Though it couldn't be the truth, I'm sure. And they chatted very pleasantly of nothing, As they'd nothing much to say, you see; But he said, "I'll buy the ring in the middle of the spring, And you'll be my little bride," said he. You will be my little bride. You will be my little bride, You will be my little bride," said he, " Yes, I'll be your little, Be your little, Be your little bee, I shall be your little bride I" said she. J. W. SEWELL. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another wordi. 24.-My first, a word of letters five, "Small outlets in the skin." Contrive To twist it round, and then you'll find Something a sailor has to mind. Once more transpose; if you are right The answer will be " to indite." H. S. RoarisoN. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram. decapitation, dele. tion,and transposition, but leaves ia perfect word after each operation.) 25.-First is a month, a joyful month, A month when spring is here, A 'month that in my judgment is The best one of the year. But when transposed, now bear in mind That you a kind of fruit should find; The last beheaded, all should see, Leaves a short word that means " to be." W. M. HIDDEN NAMES. 26.-Be sure and be back at eleven by the clock. Pass the jam. Esther, please. Charlie is a mighty fine fellow in his own estimation. Give it to Fred, or ask Maud if she would like to have it. Do not be talking when he comes into the room.-CoNDLa . ANAGRAMS. Thorns had often hid yo loons. 27.-Along the banks of bonny Doon The sturdy beech and spreading oak Have bowed beneath their mighty stroke; Their swinging blades and creaking wain Have gathered in the ripened grain; The monster ships that plough the deep, The watch-tower on the rugged steep, The lofty spire, the cottage wall, We find their marks on one and all. WANDEROO. O, me! con ye not chief stars. 28.-I gaze upon a deep expanse. This cloudless winter night, And rev'rence does my thoughts enhance- I marvel at the sight. The heavenly fires, spread out before These earthly eyes of mine, Remind me of the other shore- My thoughts towards God incline. What are these heavenly bodies ? Tell . The distance of each "fire." To these and other questions, friend, Find answers in entire. H. BIED. TRIPLE-LETTER ENIGMA. 29.-In " postscript " at a letter's ending ; In "hateful' energies that some are bending; In " readable" news now quickly seen; And this is found in " winter green;" In the "ale-house " down the way; In the " real" old-fashioned dance so gay; In the " stillness" of the night; Whole says his cause is just and right. EsKasrrA. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 30.-Medicine.s nasty to take, But take it you must for your ills; So now to medicine turn, And my first you will find in "pills." And when you've swallowed your dose, My next you will find to be splendid For clearing away the taste ; And thus the dosing is ended. My third is a valuable mite, It comes from the mighty deep; And doubtless you envy the fishes Who with riches so carelessly sleep. Fourth is just what I've used To my best in writing this riddle To conceal the objects in view; My last you will find in " fiddle." A. S. GORDON. SQUARE WORDS. 31.-First are twinkling lights on high; Second's a bulbous flower ; then I Wish that you are all my third; Fourth is split up-how absurd I Last is what the reckless do With money. Now I'll say adieu. CoNDAtm.