RIDDLE TOURNA M ENIGMA.
1.-Maidens tremble when they hear me,wretche they do fear me, For I herald blind destruction and the cannonls roar; From their sheaths bright swords are fnas mortal combat dashing Seek in valour wreaths of glory from the h1a war. Now the air is rent asunder, and the booin thunder ag With wild, pallid gleams of hatred show y' has begun ; While the chargers, madly stamping, and batal ward tramping, Seek the lives of one another till a victory' won. Many fall in anguish screaming on the plain w red gleaming, As I fiercer shriek and madden, doing more ot good; Death stalks hither, thither, blindly, kind to some unkindly, While the darkening crowd of vultures gate feast of blood. Faster fall the dead and dying, none as yet are, crying- Each one nobly strives to win me by the 1 might ; Yet when armies strive the stronger, then I ea the longer, Often lasting till the morning, or from momrni night. Heart from heart I wildly sever-they may - or never, Some return with glory laden, others wounded, and ill; Cruel Death has taken others, and the weeping, mothers Find they only bore their children for my rage to kill. Gored with anguish, earth is weeping when my am keeping, And the children of her bosom die before my hand; Yet 'tis mortals that do breed me-in relentl they feed me, But to weep when woe and desolation der land. Eae S, L BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another 2.-His brow was dark with clouds of wondronu And in his eyes there first a grim despair; His hands were whirling round in wild intensity, And neat the tawny masses of his hair. And yet a simple cause produced thin attitude (For cares inspired by " trifles " often are): A match he'd borrowed, to his endless gratitude, Then burnt his finger lighting his cigar. What splendid morals from this painful narrative I might, if I had time and patience, draw The maxims I could teach would be comparative With Solomon's or Billings' wisest " saw;" For instance, I could show the danger hideous There lies in lighting matches, e'en in joke; And then go on to show what crime perfidious It is for men to buy cigars-and smoke. But, not I think I'll stop. You don't seem enough To bear too much; and here and there I see A crowd of eyes, in faces grim, and long enough To stock a " wax-works," flashing fire at me; So now I'll find my shell, and creep back intoit (I'm sure you wish I'd ne'er emerge again); And when I reach the door, I'll stop and pin toit A copy of this tale of woe and pain. F. G. WEBB, South OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another 3.-Why, how now, ye knights of honour I Did1- your queen complain Of a knight who filled her bosom with a bitters pain; Who, with tongue of caustic meaning, told he which made her sad ?- And she always was the picture of a lady brightau Did you hear, and is there wanting one who queen defend, Poise his lance, and fight the battle to the e -t bitter end? Must we stoop and first the stigma of an and queen ? Nay, we could not be dishonoured by a stain so mean ! So, by all my knightly honour-and I think I scrap- I, for one, will fight the battle, if I fight it withs- Then, what ho I my knight satiric! (graciousl h pretty mess I! Why, it's Gow-the doughty David-linked to friendliness !) 3 Must I let that sway my purpose P Nay, I challeo- Gow To the test of mortal combat, when he likes, and and how I If he wants to use the weapon of a Pickwick, oreb With a sheet of sugar.paper-it is simply as he But I ask' an explanation of his next reproachu!l That did fill a queenly bosom with a bitterness PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter bat one of a word to form anothe 4.-Down in a bosky dell A little fay did dwell, With:eyes of deepest blue, And wings of lovely hue; While in her golden hair,' For jewels choice and rare, Pure dewdrops sparkled bright, Like gleaming stars at night. Within a fairy ring, e This blithesome little thing, With footsteps light as air, And bosom free from care, Oft danced till break of day ; Then flying swift away, Deep in i- lovely rose At daylight sought repose' Where is her first? Ah, well, That place I cannot tell-- Perhaps among the bees Beneath the shady trees; But be it vale or hill, I last she lives there still. Le DUIAGRA M. S(hangap the first two letters of a word 0o form anot 5.-1 Nay; sweet maiden sorrow not, SNoworse han others is first lot; Tine is but a ohildish sorrowr . Bright may bethe coming tnn.... _Then lost thy pretty eyes, I pray; SLok.p, my ddrling, andebeo "nd miloe5, and blush8 o'J, j,l
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. letters as well as the initials, form a word, or words. Foundatioon Words. re's a singer whose songs I oft marks Fhor her words al my sorrow dispel ecan sing just as bline as a lark, And as tenuer as sweet Philomel. el she sings of her cares and her wrongs, Andthe cause of er trouble imparts, hetio and sad are her songs, They go straight to her,listeners' hearts, When her heart all its gladness regains, Of its lightness her melodies tell; nd the tones of her joy.laden tran v'r shadow of sadness dispel Cross Words. y ti is that on which you wipe your feet' clt a female name, both short and sweet; third is what comes from the shining sun; f o.th s a state of health we all would shun; yth's river in the far-off West; means close by ; and now I'll take my rest. S. WOOD. Fouwdation Words. Dg yearsiago, when gloriously and grand mighty sovereign ruled the English land, poem written has with laurels crowned noble author, still 'mongst bards renowned. Cross Words. I mystic number, known to witch and fay, much esteemed in superstition's day. often many a quivering frame lay low I rived of this, dear life was gone also. your broad branches, tree, and shadow yield ested cattle in a sultry field. t up the gloom, O thing most bright, far dispel the darkness of the night I t germs of giant life within thee lie, ,brown.sheathed thing, despised by passers.by I ,lustrous jewel, lending a new charm thy soft colour to proud Ethel's arm. on her hands, so delicately white, parkle forth, O ornaments most bright. how can any lady pet that dog P e were mine, I'd-drown him in the bog. how those sweet maids move and, laughing, glance e while gliding through this graceful dance I bled creature, yet the noble steed eat Tim Pippin, famed for valiant deed.. Blue, black, and grey, and hazel, too; Within the crowd ye meet my view. Bird, seated on yon crag's steep brow, What slaughter do you think on now P Doll is thy earth land grey thy sky; Thy frosts arise and blossoms die. MARatuon E. BourauLs. METAGRAMJS. ngo the irst lotter of a word to form another wordJ 8,-Rouse, ye men of fame and glory; Rouse, ye soldiers firm and true; Let your brave deeds tell the story Of what Englishmen can do; Last when in the thick of battle, 'Mid the din of deadly strife, And the leaden death.shots rattle, You have nobly fought for life. Let them tell in future ages Of the victories nobly won; Let them fill the world's blank pages, When on earth your work is done. First again stern duty calls you Once more here to join the fray. Yonder is the foe before you Formed in battle's fierce array. See, the foremost bne's advancing- On my lads, and follow me; On i nor heed the war-steeds prancing, On I to death or victory I J. G. NrcInoaL , Milton, .-I had read of voices coming from The darkness of the night, And eager calling for "the dawn Of everlasting light." I took this tale unto my mind, And sought to first its worth- If voices cried when darkness spread Its gloom ripon the earth. One melancholy eve I strolled Along each lonely street; lidnight tolled from'the old church clock, On pressed my eager feet. I sauntered long where peace and calm Seemed still to reign supreme, And thought '"night yoices" sure must be Some poet's daylight dream. But thrilling on the chilly air, Murmurs began to swell; These quickly rose, until I heard Full many a plaintive yell. 'Twas cats--and dreadful was the din Arond my fated head- Those voices, sure,: called not for light P I turned about andfled. Peace now once more around me reigned; I sought some place of nextt, And leaned against a well-barred gate, When other sounds perplexed le, for the " watch-dog's honest bark" Discordant fills the air, And a rough voice loud calling out, "What are you doing there P" A dark and frowning figurecanie From out the darkness wide Closely I looked, and then beheld ' A p'liceman'by my aide. Enough I My search I ceased at once A td took my homeward way, Coninced that "voices of the night " Nls'er called for " dawn of day." J, W. TaYLOR, Middlesborough. CURTAILMENT. Sthe final letter of a word. leaving another word.) '-Firht early on a wointry morn I chanced to take mj way Where flying snowball plainly said, s ome youngsters are at play." -- oth I, " Pll quickly next this scene ,Of mingled grief and snow;" 'e as spoke myhat ' took: fright," ehich dasa me further woe. For as Istooped to stop the fun, iay my feet did glide ; . oh, to my extreme regret, Thaey skated on a slide. To earth I went with hasty speed , or stayed to look around " ,, ,sooni ith pain, alas I felt *-e road Vat herd iand'sound. :- ; B. WxnwooD, Didley,. ksnehh b~ackward forms alother word.) . .--Please find a frnit O(f letter three; Reverre, aid then $ weinght yoia see, Naor .
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the centralletter of a word to form another word.) 12.-My taste for rhyming who shall first? The flame poetic shall be nursed Still in my ardent breast 1 In sonnets to our "Tourney's" queen - (Her portrait I have lately seen) tc Its power I will attest. Or in a dainty ballade tell What all our " Tourney " knights know well- L The sweetness of her song, Till I, through praising it, shall see B .My own verse flow more gracefully Its limpid course along. Or in a rondeau, quaintly turned, A trick we poets late have learned o I'll sing our "Tournament." Come, then, my faithful second, still ' Help to perform thy master's will- c On rhyming I'm intent. p A QUILLE PENNE. c CHARADES. s, (Pormed ona word eaoh syllable of which is a word.)' d 13.-Young Cupid once a journey went, To wound some maiden's heart. " Ah, ah," he cried, "they will repent a My second and keen dart." d While speaking thus, my first fell fast d Down from the clouded sky. " Alas l" said he, "my power's past, I My second's spoiled-I'll fly." f But, see, my whole appears above t The sky, now bright and clear ; Young Cupid smiles-the god of Love No more my first shall fear. E. JOHNsoN. 14.-By the word " custom " first may be defined ; In next an insect trace; Correctly joined, the whole will call to mind I A dweller in a place. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. NA1iRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In ] the narrative. 15.-I knew a nice young lady, sweet eighteen, As fair an angel as was ever seen; And, like some others who the same have been, She was my adoration. My hope and trust were in her laughing eyes, And by a discreet use of groans and sighs, I thought that in her heart there might arise Some slight reciprocation. But some grand masher came along one day, With stately strut and lisping, childish way, And I, poor mortal of the common clay, Was quietly disregarded. She married him, and left mnie all alone, Her face was soft, but, oh, her heart was stone! And I remain to grumble and to groan, A bachelor discarded. H. A. CAssEL. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 16.-Towards the close of a sultry summer's day, In the genial month of June, Two little children went out to play, With a promise to come back soon. They rambled and wandered across the lea, With never a thought of sadness, Their voices, united in mirthful glee, Told of much pleasure and gladness. Ere long they grew tired, and hastily then They began to primal their way, Until, 'fore a next of houses stupen. Dons and grand they stopped joyfully. Solvers, I pray, be not angry with me, If I shall your thoughts prove untrue; They were not lost by the way, as you'll see, For 'twas their house that camein view. D. Monias, Glasgow. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 17.-" Where hast thou been, mycon. P 'Tis quite an age Since to the Editor I sent thee on; And now thou dost appear on " Tourney's " page : In the interim, where'st thou been, my con. P " Hast thou explored that region of despair The first Waste Paper Basket, and of late Drawn forth again to breathe the vital air : Condemned and then respited-this thy fate?" " There is no respite from that realm of woe- My pals who went there met a fate most dire. They're next-upon this page they'll jiever glow , 'Twas theirs to glow within the office fire." " Hast thou the editorial desk explored P Or in some spacious pocket lain at rest P While I, at home, have thy sad end deplored, And torn with madd'ning doubts my anxious breast." " The fate of me--thy con.--thou fain wouldst know I Then cease to conjure up such reasons vile; You did not work me down enough, and so I've waited all this time upo ii-the file I" PnPaica S., Belfast. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. tion, ant transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 18.-A certain slow and sleepy little town Was one day thrown in state of great commotion; And from the primal's tales I've written down, The facts are plainly these, I have a notion: Two neighbours, one a wayward little miss, Had taken in their weak heads to do this. Never before had there been such a thing- Never before had there been such confusion; One evil in its train will others bring, And since then there has been a great profusion. I've heard their parents searched from third to third, Yet of those two they have not heard aword. T. CaarEaER, Shacklewell. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 19.-My first'dan opposite reply To my second; In my next no days or years Can be reckoned. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn.