RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.--" Ah, sweet, wilt thou wait by the river P I will come, like zephyrs springing, when the shadows are deeper growing ; I will come with the stars to.night, When the first is in full flight- When the beams of silvery light shine on the waters flowing. And the tiny wavelets quiver." " Ay, love, to.night will I meet thee, When the battle is fought and won, and the moon is softly beaming. Oh, come, ere thy love grows pale, Fainting lest thou shouldst fail ! And I'll watch o'er the grassy vale through the time all endless seeming- Waiting, waiting to greet thee I" Silent, silent for ever, With the moonbeams playing o'er, he lies, for all second uncaring, Dead on the ghastly plain I And a maiden waiteth in vain By the swiftly-flowing river, With a wistful gaze of pain-waiteth, with heart de. spairing, For the lover who cometh never ! NELLIE COULSON, BOW. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 2.-Oh, gift divine-for surely such thou art- Would that thy envied glory I could reach, That all the deepest feelings of mine heart Might be outpoured in majesty of speech ! O happy poet I sweetly, softly singing- O preacher! telling of the vast unknown- O statesman I with thy clarion voice outringing, Filling the senate with its manly tone- Ye all possess my primal's wondrous power, To lead your listener's enraptured brain, To call our tears forth like a summer shower, Or bid them cease and make us smile again. Cross Words. Ah, me! how sweet my name must be To those who, in captivity, Yearn sadly to be once more free ! Although the name looks very grand, It only stands for sleight of hand. If you would win Dame Fortune's hire, You never once must lose a this. Should I behold a goblin near, I certainly should this with fear. Judge not by looks, for often you will find A man, though fifth, may have a noble mind. No earthly thing is sixth. In Time's short day Men and their works fade fast into decay. A heavy supper which we can't digest Will bring us this, and rob us of our rest, While fancied demons dance upon our chest. Oh, what is worse than this vile form of vanity ? I rank it foster-brother to insanity. Oh, foppish youth, to tell the truth, You're tediously ninth, forsooth I F. W. BINSTEAD. POLYPHONE. 3.-The horrible thought has come into my mind (And reflection has brought but conviction, I find) That we Britons in musical matters are far, As compared with some others, behind. A proof, sir, or two, in an off-handed way, I'm submitting to you, and I think you will say That Britons can't manage the instruments which I've seen talented foreigners play. There's the organ-you know how its strains can inspire. It is difficult, so we Italians must hire (There's an art about turning the handle which none But the foreign professors acquire). We cannot be taught (or we never do try), Or else why import all these foreigners-why ? Do Italians and Teutons alone have the gift Of exalting our souls to the sky ? I once saw a first of fat Germans, who played A soul-stirring burst of grand music, that made Me clasp in emotional rapture my breast- Yes, they did make a last, I'm afraid I W. J. SHARnAN. CHAIRADE. 4.-The sea ran high, and the winds did roar When the fishermen sailed from the friendly shore; The beams shone bright from the Eddystone light, And the fishermen prayed for good luck that night. Away they sailed in the Nancy Lee, And then prepared to one, two, three. But third was not first when a fierce storm burst, And of dread calamities this was the worst. The thunder roared and the lightning flashed, And the frail boat soon on the rocks was dashed, And there's naught to save from the cruel wave Which hurls them down to a watery grave. As light as a fairy, so plastic and airy, She danced to the tune of the bands, And then played, while dancing, in manner entrancing, The whole which she held in her hands. PICRERING AND COULSON. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-As we always have a yearning Or desire To lead your course of learning Ever higher, And so discourage vice, We offer, without "price," These curious theses for your disputation, And trust you'll solve them without ,stentation: Did her highness Cleopatra Ever first the Paucha.Tatra P Is the old Egyptian Hagar In the Karit-Satha.Sagar ? Does the PanobBpfkhyin M ention next old Genghis Khan? Is there one would ever choose To third a flight like Ky.kAloos ? H. H. SPALINeG. ENIGMA. 6.-Oft when our owner's wi'd with ire We glisten with a deadly fire; When pleased, so soft and ca m are we That we're a pretty sight to see; In the gazelle we're liquid hue Of melting brown so soft, so true; In the fierce tiger, glittering green With deadly malice, we are seen. In colours you will often view A piercing grey, an azure blue, A swimming brown, a fiery green, And often red in mice we're seen. We've each a shutter, which at night Is always fastened firm and tight; Each shutter has a fringe of hair- Sometimes 'tis dark, sometimes 'tis fair, Sometimes 'tis of a glowing red, To match the cov'ring of the head. Beneath this shutter we repose, Safe from all dirt and other foes, Until the sun ascends on high To 'luminate the glorious sky. HoaATrus, Lewisham. OMEGRAM. 7.-My first means to ramble; my second's a way; My third is a colour, black.spotted or bay; My fourth's a loud noise or a lion's cry. This is easy to guess, so, Young Folks, do try. A~r BOEHiER, Shorneliffe. BEVERSION. 8.-Connected with the ocean's ebb and flow. What is it P Oh, i'm certain you can telll Turn round-'tis what our Ed. has got to do, And who can say he does.not do it well P ALaer. S., Glasgow.
MONOPHONE. 9.-As shadows fall at eventide, And smiling day puts mirth aside, The solemn chant had dulled the room, And first each heart in silent gloom; Soft, rippling laughter died away, And lovers ceased their gallant play, While all a next attention paid, And for a space the banquet stayed. Bold Lennell sat in moody state, His heart enwrapped in strife and hate; His thoughts were full of kindred's wrong Awakened by the mournful song; Yet, as the sequence grew more fair, Compassion last for entrance there, And mercy's radiance overspread The deep designs of vengeance dread. Once more the minstrel's song arose As clearly as a brooklet flows, Now bubbling as in rage suppressed,. Then meandering on in tranquil rest: " Away from the picture of woe, Away from the field of the slain, Away from the barbarous, merciless foe, Young Hubert has staggered in pain. "There, down in that flowering dell, Where the roses spring fragrant and free, Where the redolent creepers, exuberant, fell, O'ershadowed by sheltering tree, " He faltered, he fell .... The dawning of day Uprose from inanimate night. For a while in the cottage he lingered and lay, Then returned to his manhood and might." Nos NAIZE. BETAGRAM. 10.-King Saber de Sub gave his cranium a rub, And gazed with an air supercilious At the page of the court, who undoubtedly thought That his majesty looked very bilious. " The first that I had for breakfast was bad I" Roared the monarch, with gaze truly wicked; And King Saber de Pub, the good, wise, and immaculate, Was heard, in a thundering tone, to ejaculate, " You're no second, you caitiff I You thickhead, Away quickly toddle, or else your hard noddle I'll third to a jelly, by Jingo ! And some provender bring I" yelled the peevish old king; Which we cannot term elegant lingo. His lnncheon was brought, and 'twas really incredible The way he devoured every delicate edible ! And the goblets of spirits his majesty drunk Were alarming ; but still his good spirits down sunk Till they ebbed ten degrees below zero. Then be drank more champagne than did Nero,* And shrieked, "Oh, my grief is last ! No relief Can be got from the Nile to Colombo, For the pride of the ' Zoo' has gone over the 'blue.' And" (the bard here must cease and give way to tears, too!) "I weep to the memory of Jumbo !" CoULsoN AND SPARLING, METAGRAM. 11.-First gave her a pansy, and said, As on his arm she laid her head, " My dear, this is a symbol true That I ne'er think of aught but you." She plucked a rose that grew close by, And gave it to him, with a sigh. " Pure as this rose my love shall next," She said. " And, darling, you're not vexed P" A year passed by. The pansy died; The maiden raw it, and she sighed. The rose, too, lost its glorious red- "Ah, she's not true !" the lover said. First came again to England's shore, And went to .ee his love of yore. " You've not forgot third, then," she said. "I thought you had; the pansy's dead." "The rose has lost its glorious hue, But stilill hope to third you're true P" The lover said. Answered the maid, "My love, unlike flow'rs, doesn't fade." J. C. COLLIER. ANAGRAMS ON JEWELS. 12.-His paper was the Daily News; It coincided with his views. Oh, bid them stay a while, and then They can go back with me at ten. Now, get this iron clean, my boy, For rusty things do me annoy. The fruit's quite sour. I hope you will Not pick it yet; 'twill make you ill. A saere lad tried her life to save; Alas I he found an early grave. An odd man I-well, I don't care, Though bread and cheese may be my fare. He's on the tiles. Oh, cry for aid, And then we'll catch the renegade. It is Clan Bruce, as fine a band Of men as you'll find in the land. " Is Anglo-Saxon dry to read P" "Oh, no; it's very nice indeed." DASION AND PrYTrIs. CHARADE. 13.-It is always my ambition Tofirst in all I do, Yet, to my deep contrition, My failures are not few. Now, in this " Riddle Tournament" My name will not appear, Though many are the cons. I've sent, With what result you hear. Once more I've next my energies To the familiar task, And that you fairly judge my work Is all I now do ask. ERNEST C., Tunbridge. TRANSPOSITION. 14.-There was a pretty little dear, Her name was Fanny Hirst, Who very often liked to hear Her brother read my first. And on her second she would try, To write a thrilling page, But, failing, she would pout and cry, And stamp her foot with rage. At third this naughty little pet Might have some patience shown, But she would fourth away and fret Till weary she had grown. Now, all you Young Folks grave or gay, Take warning from a friend, And let not passion's evil sway Be master in the end. O. SPENCEB. ACROSTICAL CHARADE. 15.-B e attentive, dear readers, and listen to me, I f yon have but as much as a minute to spare. N ow, for first you a negative adverb will see S pell it backward, and, wonderfull second is there- 'T is a small preposition, as clear as can be. E re I go I must tell you whole's part of the day; A nd turn it around, just thefpame you will see. D ear riddlers, good-bye, I am going away. F, T. RIDLRET.