1RDIDDE TOURNAMENT. NABEATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. e the ceotr1 i he word to form another word, ex- yge the centnraseed~ ithe narrartive.)
1.-osweet is the kissing, betrotig The cour ing,the issing How bitter your own turtle-dove, When swiftly her love turns to loathing! The courting, the kissing, betrothing, The o urtinh, you'll gladly forget, if you can, When swiftly her love turns to loathing, And leaves you a heartbroken man. You'll gladly forget, if you can, When she bids you go to confusion, And leaves you a heartbroken man, That woman's a snare and delusion. When she bids you go to confusion, yon soon will be led to believe That woman's a snare and delusion, And born honest men to deceive. Yoa soon will be led to believe, When that she's a snare you've admitted, And born honest men to deceive, That honest men are to be pitied. When that she's a snare you've admitted, Then learn by experience true That honest men are to be pitied, And act on that sensible view. Thea learn by experience true, When bonnie brown eyes are bewitching, And act on that sensible view When fortune opposes the "hitching." When bonnie brown eyes are bewitching, How sweet is the season of love I When fortune opposes the " hitching," How bitter your own turtle-dove ! PnHILO, Glasgow. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.l an old Mtanuscript found in a German ruin on the banks of the Un(s)falth.) -The Baron Von Hotenuf sat in his chair, And tagged at the roots of his tawny hair, And he sat, the image of blank despair, Still. For on the last races the baron had betted, And by that transaction the baron had netted Nil. The baron sat on till the shades of night Fell over the candle and put out the light; The Jubilee lamp fell into the fire, And the flames in the first rose higher and higher, And still, as his noddle grew rummy and rummier, Ever the baron waxed glum my and glummier. The baron looked up. In the opposite chair (Which before was occupied only by air) There sat a goblin, a vampire, a ghost, Or whichever name suits our readers the most; A lait black cloak hung over his head- Or perhaps it was white-yet, stay. it was red I The ghost-no, the baron said, " Wa'sh you require ? Isanything up ? Is the house on fire ?" Te next fie hundred and fifty lines relate how the on had a rest, and the ghost remaining silent, he (the n) says:- "Look here, old f'ler, here's rum and hot toddy, It's good for the spirits, if not for thq body." Then his ghostship looked up, with a smile on his face, And, takig the cup, said, " That alters the case; Oh,baron, I've just come from Potscruffhausenapton, With a message to you from "- ns manuscript ends here abruptly. Probably the ter was appalled by the rhyme, and so died, which best for all parties concerned. ROBERT LE DIABLE. A Yankee went into a bird-shop one day, o purchase a bird of some kind; preferred a canary, so happy and gay, Butagood one nowhere could he find. noticed a bullfinch, a very fine bird, ad asked for the price-'twas good sense; tsomehow the man wouldn't speak a true word, or he answered, " Five score and two pence." ow, that's really too much," the Yankee replied, "Don't think I will swallow such fibs; ot you don't think me a noodle half dyed," she niae him a poke in the ribs. ok' ro," said the man, " I want none o' your rot;" 'All nght," said the Yank, "first no lark. paid eighteenpence for the last one 1 bought, a yoa see you are far from the mark." r!" said the man, " I ne'er seed such a bloke, ough this bird cost egosactly the same; i there e'er in this world such impudent folk P" athis words had betrayed his own name. ha!" laughed the Yank, "you've been crowuing too Ashe lifted a bird in last cage, mande for the door as the man made a clutch, i missed that bold man in his rage. te went to a bobby and told him his case-- estidhe was robin him now ; the "bobby' looked on with a comical face, ogh a frown could be seen on his brow. itened awhile with the air of a laird, dthen asked the shopman who took it; ltpm an replied, "A man with a beard," the"bobby" turned round and said, "Hook it !" W. L. MILLER, Glasgow. N$RRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. hlet a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) hme when the earth was white with snow, Sthe birds, and flowers, and all things slept; thf dull, grey skies their frozen tears wept 6e glories of the long ago. .when the lights were dim and low, the night's dark mists o'er the white earth crept, ithe intry winds round the homestead swept, ec aeking stayed the streamlet's flow. ca, and the winter seemed to die- ii from my heart was the winter's snow, the sobbinrg wind, With its tale of woe, le oiht' dark mists seemed to turn and fly, r me a clear and azure sky, oshe, starlike, my path could show. J. C. COLLIER. REVERSION. Ia weor which read backward forms another word.) The gentle river meanders on Threagh banks where rushes, briar and reeds Prear their heads in majesty, 0Witb naught its primal to impede; htward, throagh counties fair to see, end walls of ancient homes it laves- . i. goal, its journey's end, S glee with the salt sea waves. A"e no gentleness is found and so will be unlike the first; tOf fees h weary traveller Acero he proves one of the worst. ,ieosle grm'Siberian plains A is o Ore on frosty wings, RAgY0U01 lscordaqt note awe life P'esenc.brings. El, I. Ji i"tr London.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 6.-F ie on thee, ruthless Mercian, to break our peaceful lawa, E ebelling'gainst our gracious queen and her most noble cause! I s jealousy within thy soul of her undying fame ? E 'en wouldet thou try to bring disgrace upon her honoured name ? N ay, Mercian, sheath thy dark sword, or use it in the right; D raw back thy lance, lest thou wouldst fall beneath some gallant knight. S how not thy threatening countenance near any " Tour- ney" friend; Halt in thy swiftly.downward course, and thus thyself defend I I cry thee shame, bold Mercian, for thou hast done a wrong, P roud rebel, 'gainst the peerless queen of riddling verse and song. I f thou dost threaten and disdain the maid we hold so dear, S hall that be any reason why thy challenge we should fear P B ack to thy tent, thou daring knight, and hide thy face in shame, E 'er we shall prove that Warwick's power was never in thy name; T ell to the winds thy rebel tale, and let them bear the news T hat Mercian mistaken was our lady to abuse. E ver on thee our wrath shall fall, since thou hast been so bold; R ight glad am I thou hast not won with us the spurs of gold. The riddling knights and ladies by thy side can never stand- H ow can they e'er in friendship clasp the rebel Merciau's hand? A nd yet, if thou wilt join our ranks is friendship firm and true, N ot one reproach shall ever speak what once we thought of you. Enmity shall not find a place in this our dear old ST.,- N ay, rather, sir, than that, thy name we would not wish to see. MIercian, draw back thy words, and plead to our sweet queen, I n full submission for her grace, and changes will be seen: T he knights and dames who once were foes will then your cause defend, Y our rightful place be by their side, yourself a faithful friend. Miss MEPHISTOPHELES, Hades. 7.-Why is this ? For long ages and ages I have searched with the utmost despair For a con. in the " Tournament" pages That should be, but never is there. To see but one slight indication Would give me unspeakable bliss, So again, in my deep desperation, I wofully ask, " Why is this ?" 0 Marion, why do you leave us ? And why do you wander away ? It is not your nature to grieve us, Or needlessly cause us dismay. Ah, no! you were always so cheery, And ready to lilt us a strain ; The ' Tourney" without you is dreary, So write us a riddle again. It may be that Mercian the hardy Has caused you displeasure intense; But heed not the spirited bard--he Will never repeat the offence. With armour all dinted and battered, Long since he has rolled in the mire; His shield and his spear have bee's shattered, And the burnt child will keep from the fire. For Miss Nellie Watson has all but Put out the rash bard's vital spark; He must be, not Warwick, but Talbot, Since he yields to our valiant Jeanne D'Arc ! And Robert (I hope he will treat us To some more of his flashes so bright) Has given his final quietus To the gallant but foolhardy knight. So Marion, cara Regina, Lay your lance once again in its rest, And do not, I pray you, decline a Most heartfelt and earnest request. And when I perceive your effusion, It will give me elation and bliss, And no more will I weep in seclusion, Or wofully ask, " Why is this ?" CoTraRNUs. 8.-In Woolloommoolloo there lived a man, A jolly old chap was he, sir; His face was as round as a warming-pan, His nose like a hot fusee, sir. His hair was nailed on with stick-fast glue (Its colour was something like Irish stew); One eye was black, and the other was blue, Of the funny old man at Woolloommoolloo! Each morning at dawn he shaved with care With a patent mowing-machine, sir; He picked his teeth with an old ploughshare- "Ploughed fields," decayed and green, sir; With a sheet of ice his nose he blew, His feet he "put off" and "took on" with a screw; These fibs are all true that I'm telling to you Of the funny old man of Woolloommoolloo. Of th'e uses of living one day he'd a doubt, And suddenly sad grew he, sir; So he blew his, brains out with a waterspout, To discover how dead he could be, sir. Twelve jurymen true his body did view, And quickly they brought in a verdict new, That "To absence of mind the death was due" Of the funny old man of Woolloommoolloo. Jo-KINo AND V. D. TAYLOR. 9.-Sing to me, Robert mine, And charm me with a lay No other voice but thine Would ever dare essay. I care not what the theme, Your accents, sweet and clear, Like the lark's song will seem Unto my listening ear. Sing to thee? I'm afraid My voice is far too bad; If warbling I essayed, I fear 'twould make thee sad, Sing I Ah, my friend, if I could, To thee and the hydra-mass,o Most assuredly I would- Bunt I can't, my friend, alas ! A. ABERLEs Y AND Ii. L. JFPERnsoN. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Changa the last letter but one ofRa word to form another word.) 10.-I Ctrst rambled 'midst the brambles, Gath'ring flow'rets sweet and rare; But the second was the brightest, None so simple, sweet, or fair. Then we hasten to the farmhouse, Wat athe doings in the t~ird, List'nlwatd'.t e bleat and rdlling Of thlie outide lamib and bi'd. V. D. TArLOt, Warriogton,
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, lIavlug another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-It may not, sure, be ginerally known That on the coast ov Greenland there resides A couple who have not yet gained renown, But will get soon, an' heaps ov fame besides. The sun has gone to roost for several weeks; The Northern Lights are all the lights we have, And they are dear ; our only cistern leaks; There's only wan bhoy in the town can shave, An' he is ill. No plumber have we here; The parson's gone to prison for his rint; The magistrate can't buy a drap o' beer, For iviry blessid farthing hez he spint. Pat Doodleum the p'liceman was last noight Found head downwards within the village pump, And drowned dead, sure, to ivery wan's delight, For, sure, he'd given ivery bhoy the hump. Some thaivin' Esquimaux the other day Attacked the post and robbed our only mail They all escaped across the frozen say, An' to return again they gave no bail. The village sthore is almost impty now- A pound of tay is all they've got to sell, Except wan pace of ham, for Micky's cow Broke in wan noight an' did its duty well. Now ivery clock has stopt and we are blest With darkest noight without the toime o' day; We cannot tell when to retire to nist, An' even the roosters don't know when to lay. If iver this sad plaint may reach your oies, Plaze sind a ship with money an' with sthores; But if it don't, then think of with sad soighs The fate of those who ne'er may reach your shores. BOOZLE AN' O'RAUARTEY, Kamschatka. (To J. Stocks and E. George, No. 915.) 12.-J. Stocks and E. George, have a care, take my warning, My terrible name you will see down below; I must tell you at once to acquire a deep mourning, For Broad Arrow and Schneider you'll never more know. Your queries for e'er will remain unexplained, sirs, For the shades of defunct are erratic, you see, And unwilling to stand as though before you arraigned, sirs, For now they are no more on their old Zuyder Zee. Let me tell you, I've slipped out without any sanction, And I'm getting quite cold-chilly climate, you know; For it's lovely and warm in our own present mansion, And my wintry attire has gone for " old clo'." Broad Arrow's quite happy; be passes his leisure In drinking up "schnapps" with his friend Vander- decken, Whom he happened to meet-'twas a very great pleasure, And a pleasure on which he had not seemed to reckon. As for Schneider, he tells me-but, stay, I must leave you, Here's lVIephisto's old lackey to take me to roost; What a pity I can't of your watch-chain relieve you, So you ne'er should have cause to forget ScuNEtDER'S GHOST. 13.-We parted-aye, 'twas but to press One hand in thine with tenderness; To feel distance would come between, And league on league would intervene. I never knew how I could love Until your letter came to prove Within your heart there burned a flame, A passion that you blushed to name. We never knew how dear the heart Might be till rudely torn apart From all it cherished, all it loved, Ere it could feel it was beloved. We parted, yes, for years did part, To nurse a hope within the heart; One hope I hold, alas ! too true, To love and live alone with you. LuccEIUS. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another-word.) 14.-Hey, ho ! ye gallant riddlers, I first you'll hail me here With many a smile of pleasure, And loving words to cheer. To battle in the " Tourney" Has been my wish for long, So, on its perilous journey I send forth, now, my song. Hey, ho I ye gallant riddlers, I mean to next your eyes By fancies which I send you, That nature's power supplies. And I give promise truthful, I'll to our queen be true; Asd though at present youthful Strive still my best to do. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. 15.-I am dreaded in the schoolroom, Many truants I have thrashed; In a second you will see me Hold a victim sure and fast. But, St. Dunstan, can't you answer, And open now the door; To last more upon the panel Will make my knuckles sore. R. WATT, Glasgow. 16.-No other maiden is so fair Last my love; A stately step, majestic air First my love; Bright eyes of blue and gipsy face, Fine, moulded form, with modest grace, And yet of flirting not a trace- That's my love. T. WARD, Dublin. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-But sluggish brain (and primal!) has the lad SWho wanders not far from his native place. (This sentiment, for us, is not so bad, Though neater language might the thought encase.) It follows, then, that they who last their life Amidst the city's ever-moving hordes, Who never leave its enervating strife To taste the joys a country life affords, But little knowledge of such things possess, Which are, to Hodge, as common as the day, And plainly show their mental littleness, When from their city haunts they chance to stray. For instance, once we took a railway ride Into the balmy country, far from town; And in our carriage, sitting side by side, Were "Liz and 'Arry," dressed in green and brown. In hearty laughter soon we all indulged, When "Liz and 'Arry " yelled and clapped their hands, And cockney ignorance they quick divulged When passing growing fields and pasture-lands. At last t field of barley 'Arry spied- "Now, blow me, may I never walk my chalks If sich a sight I ever seed," he cried; "Why, look, there's shrimps a-groein't st on stalks !" S. FRANNLIN AND G. H. PEaRY. CONUNDRUT. 18.-What is the difference between a desperado and a wolf P-H. Cox,
DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 19.-The weather was so finue and nice, Methonght the laziest 'twould entice To venture out of doors, To bask in scorching rays, and make Acquaintance for dear Nature's sake, With all her plenteous stores. The skies were cloudless, deepest blue, Swallows in wheeling circles flow, The grass was long and dry; Said I, " I'll rest till eventide," And forthwith all my skill applied In making pleasure fly. Then even came, and such an eve l Down dropped the sun and took its leave Of river, mount, and tree; The waters flushed with sunset flame, And peaceful still the place became, Bewitching silently. And silent I went home to muse On all that misanthropes may lose In losing such a sight, In this our talked-of changeful clime, Of June still living in her prime Of beauty infinite. Next day I rose and gazed around, But not a glimpse of sun I found, Look where I would and did; The clouds were scudding here and there, Where yesterday the tints were fair, And not a beam was hid. Then as I gazed and thought, and thought Of all that sometimes is, and ought By June to be upheld, The rain came last with grievous force, And by the force of downward course My thoughts were soon dispelled. It rained all day and all the night, The earth was in a woeful plight That day and many more; Where once you stepped with greatest ease, In spots of road were infant seas That wet your leather o'er. Said I, " Capricious is my June : She gives a blessing and a boon, And then will Jirst the lot;" But I will trust her after this, And, comes the storm or comes the bliss, Be disappointed not. IVAhNOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narr tire.) 20.-The knight rides to the centre of the ring, And challenges a rival to his face; And as he speaks, his ladye-love above Smiles, and at him throws a piece of lace. And lo l a stalwart foe accepts the glove, And, lance at rest, is ready for the meet; They clash-the hero conquers in the fight, And hurls the lace back to his mistress' feet. S. DE BEAR. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters or two words to form two other words, expressed in the narrative.l 21.-One day I took a razor sharp, Preparing for a shave, And as I seized the glittering blade I felt myself quite brave. But when I gazed upon its edge I felt my courage sink, As when upon a precipice You stand too near the brink. My face was hairless, and with truth I gracefully may state I had as large a whisker as You'll find upon a plate. Yet shave I would, even if I had To shave away my skin, And I thought 'twas very manly This fine action to begin. Then with the blade I touched my cheek, But to my horror knew That I had made an awful gash Which made me feel quite blue. I threw aside the murderous blade, And tried to stop the flow Of claret o'er my best shirt-front, While uttering words of woe. Oh, never will I try again To shave my pretty face, E'en if of flesh beneath my hair I cannot see a trace. For still I bear that ugly scar Which marks my wondrous thought Of shaving hair which wasn't there, And wisdom I have bought. W. E. CuLE, Llandaff. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 22.-The sun has set down in the west, Stars appear now, one by one, Everything has gone to rest, For the day's hard work is done. Cross Words. Of a part of day this is the name, Backwards or forwards 'tis the same, A fluid here well known to thee, Often used by you and me. An apparition here you'll find; Though not in sight, it is in mind. An animal for next is shown, To the huntsman 'tis well known. A mineral here, in Cornwall found, Dug from underneath the ground. E. BaANcn. --------