RIDPLE TOURNAMENT. NABRATIVE MONOPHONE. .dlierenltmanning, bit the same in sound, expressed in oraeofUe thenr i raieve)
yoarlovO may be so tame a queen 1.nr..orv for wildness can you blame her; t spite of that, I've often seen yet, , iA lion.tamer. Clean though your house at times may be, your wife than Dutch householder keener; Yo if you care, can daily see A wigldow-cleaner. hough coarse your sweetest tones are called, Bemember as your voice grows hoarser, That you have known, all unappalled, A greyhouud-courser. Extrem el cool may be the maid That Is your servaut and your ruler; But she will find, I'm much afraid, The butter cooler. Warm with love's fire the heart may beat Within the bosom of your charmer; Yet you have felt, despite such heat, Your own foot-warmer. Though bare the face that you adore, And bare the face of many fairer, You must admit that there are more Than one train-bearer. You may be sharp enough to cut The string on which I'm such a harper, But soon against you I could put A young card-sharper. Such joking is most foul, you say, Of course it is, good, gallant growler; And yet the birds see every day A common-fowler. PHILO, Glasgow. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. ale the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed In ihe nnrrative.l 2.-Plume nice thy feathers, peacock prim, And. strutting, wag thy tail O; Hold thou erect thy stately form, Good peacock prim and pale O. Try to induce thy dubious urain- Fix in thy mental powers- That thou'rt ind ed a blushing rose Among life's wayside flowers. Feel big, as thou in memlbers art, Look dignified, important, Permit no bluntness of the real To chill with truth discordant. Try hard to think thou'rt mortal not (How hard the strain will be!), For realness and the best romance So grossly disagre . Believe the flattt'ries of buffoons, Who paint with ev'ry huo 0, And never heed the candid words Of stauncher friends and true O. The adulation insincere, The adoration sweet If credited, will lift thee high Above our human street. Forswear the "ordinary souls," With "such" refuse to pander; Convince thyself thou'rt not. a goose, Though thou mayst be a gauder. This horrid fact, then, wilt thou learn By force of logic keen: That thou'rt not what iud,,e(l thou art, But what thou " Inightst have been." Such is the frailty of respect When it ye thus misdeem ; 'Tis false respect when self-respect Becometh self-esteem. But if thy worship of thyself Seem like a wealthless city, 0 seek, deluded dunce of man, Redemption in self-pity. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. Ihnge the two last letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.l (With apologies to "Three Little Maids from School.") 3,-Two "Riddle Tournament" klni hts are we, Though not so clever as knights cma be, Yet in our homes we can shout with glee Under Queen Marion's rule. Cons. we'll compose brimming o'er with fun, Honours we'll gain and will leave you none, All will be wishing we'd ne'er begun Under Queen Marion's rule. Knights of the " Tournament " we, unwary, Guarded above by a riddling fairy, Freed from the thralls of a milkman's dairy To fight under Marion's rule. Cons. from our pens in a host shall come, Bright in their wisdom to make you dumb; We will ensure that you'll ne'er be glum Under Queen Marion's rule. Sorrowand dulness we'll drive away, Foes deep and deadly to us are they; All shall be happy and glad. we say, Under Queen Marion's rule. Knights of the "Tournament" we, unwary, Guarded above by a riddling fairy, Freed from the thralls of a milkmau's dairy To fight under Marion's rule. E. G:oRGaE AND D)OFFo, London. 4---The hill is ablaze with the sun, my love, And the birds are awake in the trees: And the ferns and the flowers are beguiling the hours 3y nodding their heads to the breeze; And the thrush has forsaken the woodlands so wide- The woodlauds so wide and so green, And the lark up on high, like a speckt in the sky, Looks lohw on the silvery scene; And it's oh ! for the heather, to ramble together, With you for my guide and my queen ! The meadows are wet with the dew, my love, And the s,'ent from the cornfield is sweet; And the pewit and plover have long left the clover, To seek for their foe din.thi wheat. So come with the breath of the morn, my love, IWith the morn in iis beauty and pride; Oh, come through the corn, with the breath of the morn, :O the woodland so fair anl so wide, An.l the lark, and the linnet, the blackbird and thrush Will welcome my queen and my guide. Toss, Llangollen. 5.-Bear your sorrows like a god, dear, Breast the billows its they roll' Tread the path the prophets troe, dear- lan decays, but inost the soul. Though your earthly frame be wasted, And yur visacge pale and wan, Though of ev'ry ill you've t:Illted, Soul survives, but inot the mn:.. K. M]. S. O'NEILL ANiD A. 3. LEIOH. CONUNDRUM. 6B-Says Patsy Doolan, "Tell me, Moike, SYe iligant young thafe, Why the Oirlsh Exhibishun's loiko An orniilintnal saRfe." J.T. O'Kmwo, Lain .
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the contral letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Sea,sdeep caverns dark and lone, Where the west wind's monotone Rises like a lonely wail On the freshening of the gale, Elfin sounds of secret grief Sound along each jagged reef, Where white-crested waves upcurl With a sudden fall and whirl. Out upon the water's face I may look, and I may trace Beauty dark, and stern, and wild- Inland far the rooks are piled, Jutting outward here and there, Where the culvers only dare; But the sorrow of the spot Is that you behold it not. And upon the seaweed strand, With my sight away from laud, There I see the place where we ])rifted out so joyously; There the place, without a change, Yet its aspect now is strange, For the genius of the spot, Sorrow I may behold it not. Sunset changes flit and pass O'er the plain of azure glass, Beautiful as 'twas before, But the charm can charm no more; And the tints so delicate For my joys have come too late; First the ecstasy is not, And the beauty is forgot. With associations' charm All my joy is fresh and warm; But when Hope is dead and numb, Hoping that the joy may come, And the secret of the bliss Dead, or worse, forgotten is, Then my joy gives back the sight That once made my darkness light. Strength of light and strength of charm, Sorrow dull and passing harm, Pass, that all the sooner may Something rise to clothe the day In its normal loveliness, That, as now, may not distress, And the joy that once shone round In last loveliness be found. IvANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to fotrm another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-We have got a first-floor lodger who has Shakespeare on the brain, He is acting all the night long, or he's humming some refrain; 'Tis wi' h feelings of great pleasure that each morn I see him go, For a little rest and quietness I thou shall have, I know. Each night he gives selections from " Macbeth," and " Hamlet," too, Not exactly "as you like it," still I'll not make "much ado;" Yet, if murder was no crimie-though it is a peculiar whim- What Othello gave to Desdemona I'd like to give him. On the next floor there's a singer. Singer did I say ? Not he; Still he tries to warble sweetly, but it sounds not sweet to me. You should hear him sing "The Death of Nelson" in his deepest bass He will be the death of me unless he quickly leaves this place. On the top floor there's a young man who is learning on the flute, You can hear him ev'ry evening whistling out his toot-a. toot; That's all he can do at present, and if asked to give a tune, He replies, "I cannot just yet, but I'll learn to play one soon." In the garret there's a love-sick youth who tries to serenade With a banjo-one string minus-some imaginary maid. What with these and with the tom-cats on the roof, enough I've had. If it is not put a stop to I shall go stark, staring mad. HECTOR, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to oran another word.) 9.-Life I Take its volumes, and scan every page, Study the manners and forms of the age, Hypocrisy, cant. humbug, and deceit, In the highways of first I'm sure you will meet. But don't be down-hearted, silly, and sad- We're told in this life to ever be glad; If misfortune, perchance, in your pathway should stray, Just throw up your cap and re-echo " Hooray !" If grief should be second, don't sit down and mope ; Indulge in that beautiful fallacy " Hope !" Don't give way to tears-it's so foolish to cry, But a music-hall ditty immediately try. If you've nowhere to turn but the workhouse, I say, Just rap out a pun in a dry sort of way; For a clever divine, from his pulpit of silk, Has remarked, " What's the use in crying over spilt milk ?" Then always be happy, merry, and gay, No matter how poverty pinches. I say ; Be bright with the jest, and ready to poke In each niche and corner your pet little joke. "A man's such a bore " when he's trouble at heart, And should ever be kicked out of Life's busy mart. As the clever divine, from his pulpit of silk, Has remarked, "What's the use in crying over spilt milk?" CHILD OF THE MOON. 10.-Tommy says his eyes are weak- Poor Tommy ! Mourns the fact in peevish squeak- Poor Tommy I First next the cause of all his grief, He will to 1 you; just as lief As not he'd bellow for relief- Poor Tommy ! DIANA, Cork. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (DI op the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expreseed in the narrative. 11.--Ye rhyming maids of bygone days, Who have in sweetest measures sung, Why have you ceased your joyous lays ? Why do your harp-strings lie unstrung ? Oh, say, why should you still refuse To sing as you were wont to do Have you for men forsook the Muse ? Or has the Muse forsaken you ? Bethink you of the olden times, And of the happy hours you spoint In singing songs and making rhymes For this, our merry "Tournament." Those days you never can regret, When you were girls and I. a boy; And if you " take" our Yoei ig Folils yet, I'm sure 'twill often give you joy. So come, arouse, and seize your lyres, And let us hear your songs once more; Attune osh the dorwlanylt ires, And eiii ia sweetly' )beforc. :.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavlnc another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-M'Tavish was a Scotchman, as his name would seem to show, Who of an evening to his club would regularly go; Now, though he'd lived in London for ten years, come first of May, No kinsman of his ilk had met until the other day. He chanced to meet him in the street, and straightway they both went Unto the club wherein M'T. had oft his "bawbees" spent; The glass went round full many a time until each worthy Scot Began to feel the evil of imbibing whisky hot, The hour of midnight had arrived, when it is often said That graveyards may be seen alive with spirits of the dead; M'Tavish's spirits had gone up as spirts had gone dont, But at last he turned to find his home, which lay in Camden Town. He parted with his old-time friend, and tears were in his eyes As they shook hands with that hearty grip of friendship that ne'er dies, And poor M'T. departed in a muddled state, 'tis true, And found his humble street just as the clock was striking two. He wandered up and down the street, and meditated what Possessed the scenery to move-so mu ed the cauuy Scot; But at last before a certain house his latchkey he produced, And calmly walking to the door he softly it unloosed. But here a grave misfortune overtook the great M'T.- A neighbour's house he'd entered, which was awkward, don't you see; Quite unconscious of the error, he proceeded to a room, Where his progress was arrested by the handle of a broom ! What occurred just after then M'Tavish never can re- member, Though he swears he saw more fireworks than he'd seen since last November. R. W. ANDREWS AND E. N. HAnnRRIs. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, Inaving another word.) 13.-A riddler once a child did first Far down a lane to post a con.; The youngster fell, but what was worse, The missive, when he rose, had gonel Then to the sky there rose a yell ho fearful in its aogony That folk round thought the next had come, And straightway bade the world good-bye. THE BLACK PRIN:CEx, Manchester. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETIONS. (Drop two letters from a word to form another word,expressed in the narrative.) (To .T. W. B. Kc)nned!I.) 14.-I've had A fad Of late in puffing at a bubic-bubbloe, Chibouk, narcileh, hookahl-what you will; Dreaming the pleasure double, Inhaling smoke through perfumed waters; still, I am not quite assured--i only know That, as I lie while smoke-wreaths upward curl, I make a striking Oriental show, And deeply have impressed the hired .irl. I caught her talking with the girl next door, Who thus a vaunting tostimony bore : " La, Sall[ I loves these heastern gnuts, They looks so nice when 'alt hasleep; I loves a coloured, yalla ' mug,' That's why my Jo's a sweep." " Well, if yer had ther cleanuin' o' his room, With heaps of dirty, scribbled papers, Which, if yer touch 'em, he'll but rant an' fume, And cut such horrid, ugly capers- The nasty, dirty, yalla beast ! I wish he'd go back to his heast." K. M. S. O'NEILL AND A. R, STRITCn. 15.-Once I loved a little maiden, Fairest of the fair yet born; And I would have been her husband, But the darling had a corn. Then I would have peroevered, too, And would still the marriage bind; "Look at me with yonr fond eCes, dear!" But she couldn't-she was blind Still I would have popped the question, Though it may look strange to some; Wailing for her loving " Yes, dear!" But 'twas useless-she was dumb. One last chance I gave miy darling, For her beauty still I prized; "Throw yourself upon me, darling " But the girl was paralyzed. In despair I gave her up then, With a view to looking staid; But since then I've changed my motive, For I spliced a fair barmaid. S. DE BEAT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a wivrd to form another word, ec. pressed in the narrative.) (To the Departeci Riddlers.) 16.-Oh, where is each dear friendly face That used to prize our friendship so? We roam in darkness for a trace Of those dear friends of long ago. But where are they, and what dth keep Them from the "T."? It seems so strange That they should leave us ere they sleep " Across the range." Shall we ne'er hear the songs again They used to sing in merry glee ? How welcome was each gladsome strain They sang in sweetest melody ! But now they've left us here alone, And yet our feelings do not change; Our love remains, though they are gone "Across the range."' Yes, they are gone, their day is done, Therefore we call on them in vain; Their sands of life on earth are run, And death doth ease their ev'ry pain. And-well, we know 'twill surely come To rich and poor, in cot and grange; But we shall meet in that bright home "Across the range." APOLLo, Warrington. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ox- pressed in the narrative.) 17.-Have you heard of Quackem's medicine ? 'Tis never known to fail, It cures you of all ailments, be they feminine or male; A broken leg, consumption, or a bruiser on the "mug," Must yield their dreaded symptoms to this never-failing drug. A lady had a little dog that lost its little tail: She rubbed the stump with Quackem's cure, and really, I'll go bail, A tail grew on the injured stump far' bigger than the first, Thus saving fifty shillings more than what she had dis- bursed ! But,lo I the strangest part; of all--the servant got the end That had been cast aside that day, not being fit to mend; She tried Professor Quackeiu's cure and rubbed it with the drug, And lo0 in four.aud-twen.- honrs there grew on it a "dug" EMI
ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numera'l expressed in togures.) Fomndation Words. 18.-Priimals will to you unfold A paper liked by young and old; No better stories can you find In any other of its kind ; It has a splendid riddle page, In which bold riddling knights engngo In mimic strife. So now you nuow The journal that we fain would show. Cross Words. 100 and thay A vessel here is surely seen; 'Tis used for pleasure oft, I ween. 101 ,, thros A monstrous bird; Of it you've heard. 101 ,, runon A fabulous animal, I am told, Here in this light you may behold. 51 ,, no This is a battle which brave Nelson fought; To get due praise for it he really ought. 550 ,, notagea A famous statesman, and no fool; A staunch supporter of Home Rule. 1,050 ,, cafe One of the sexes please to find- That is, of course, if you don't mind. 1,151 ,, poy One of the best parts in this book; It will not trouble you to look. 51 ,, esson The partner of the king of beasts so bold In this, without fail, surely you'll behold. 2,002 ,, retnsker This is a town; in England it is found, And for its carpeting it is renowned. 1,001 ,, bus near 'Neath the sea This will be. 50 ,, pet rat This is idle chatter, you can tell, For I'm certain that you know it well. 1,101 ,, area A continent in this you'll view; I'm sure it's known quite well by you. 101 ,, rep The value of things To view thlis brings. 1,060 ,, cape A pattern's shown Here, I must own. 100 ,, are A contest in running this will bring to light, That is, of course, if it is guessed aright. HEoroOR AND SIR CLAUDE DE VER.E. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of tho initial letters of other words.) Foundation WVord. 19.-When I to writing cons. essayed, I thought 'twas easy quito; And great ideas in rhyme displayed To grace our "Touruoy " tight. My hopes were quickly undermined By disappointment long; The answer always was " Declined ; The metre's wrong." My dwelling's in a woeful state-- I fail to get a light; The gas is bad-ohl bard my fate, I cannot riddles write. The comp'ny said, " Don't make a lass, The light was never strong; 'Tis useless quite to worry us, The meter's wrong." And now I write smy con., by day (At least, I meau a pol), In leisure momLnts few that may Belong to me, for then I do attempt to write some verse To rank within this throug, Rewarded by that prin-als terse, "The metre's wrong." Cross Words. A summer resort, And this we have thought Requires not much thinking expended; You promptly will trace A watering-place. To say more we have not intended. A name you'll for seconId annex Possessed by the opposite sex; This ought not our bards to perplex. A city of marvellous fame, You doubtless remember its name. You here will detect, We truly expect, Without e'eu the slightest of hurry- We're almost :sh:named, In fact, to have ,named- A town to be found in fair Surrey. Refreshment delicious is this- In restaurants chiefly, I wis, You'll find it; you cannot it miss. We now for sixth will quote An opera of note. We pause and sadly own the last- Our task is near an end (The time indeed too soon has passed), So "finis" we append. E. GEoGE EAND .1. STOCKS. CHARADES. (tFormed on a word seon syl:ahle of wvhlh iq a wort.' 20.-First is to join with a needle and thread; Second is a measure; The whole a witty riddler is Whose cons. we read with pleasure. J. BIRLELL, Belfast. 21.-First a creature, sly yet gentle; Recondly a place of coinage ; Now, if you will join together, Comes a plant to stand all weather. BAns, Chester. 22.-One day-I made a last of first, And threw it at a butcher's man; And then with mirth I nearly burst, For at another boy he ran. E. J. ScoFIELD, Horbury. 23.-My first's as black as dead of night; A Christian name my next will show; A preposition now indite; On sailors' heads my whole will go. C. F. BLACKBURN.