II)DDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. Setter of za word 1is olfhaugod. to form another word in t l 'Got the narrl titive.) (M'GoosOIeV'8. Petotwn.
S--ondsh Iam alwars in trouble, IueFersh gets nothink to drinksh, the oeoplesh all smile when I tellsh them, - pe0 pat my nose, which ish pinksh; SAn shay that my eyes mustsh see double, -- ab atish rather unkindlish, I thinksh. my friendsh, I am honesht and trushty- ---e'er shaw a worthier man; h go.d ash the proudest amongst you, drd ash firm ash my legsh when I stan', 1n11e-er did sleep in the gutter, _l I pay for my drinksh when I can! d sho I would tellsh you, goodsh people, als my conscience does shay I should do, ish right when your conscience advises, -ad! which I shall shay unto you, -rn very reshpectable person, Ind a man of great infiuenshe, too. por I nm the headsh of a family- TeF ice little childs dresshed in clo'ces, Those sues are neversh sheen dirty, hfose ptla ce hat spot callsh the nose, ila I'm sholrry to shay to the public, hey dirtish whenever they blows! So on shee the expense is enormous To dressh up my childs ash I do, tSh wish just to tellsh you in private, yg fri.nd h, ash I thiuksh ish your due, ThatI'm ready to takesh in subscriptions Frmsha ten in the morning tilllsh two! FroM'GooSELEY, Monk's Ferry. Sine I challenged mighty Marion, whom some knights have called our queen, ,,, anned the " T.'s" bright columns, but, till now, no aawver seen. no." I cried, in tones contemptuous, "can they love tuairqueen so well, nu they shrink from single combat with a knight who dal e rebel?" rou:steps ~liss Nellie Watson (Marion's own right haudi is she), lies at her lance quite sternly, actually confronteth sdhaat I must take my station'mong the lowest of the baid, Sto prove indeed that Warwick's mighty power be in my haud. thou rash, imperious maiden, think you one with Warwick's pride-- aik ya I sanild be contented with your edict to abide? , i Mercian use his weapon he will use it in the rill brook no opposition from a maid or from a liau. t, bold warriors of the "Tourney," list, I pray, each gallant knight; nuld ask of you this question-Will you bow before the might the fir, the great usurper, raised by Nellie to the thrne, 'ser by Nellie brave and others P Speak, and let your aid be known. use ye ap is my advice, sirs, for 'tis time, indeed, you woke; use ye up, I say, and groan not 'neath the tyrant's galing yoke; Ill adopt the law called " Salic "- maidens shall not rule the " T."; ey, like fire, make cruel masters, faithful servants though they he. MEaRCIAN, Birmingham. 3.-The swiftly.falling hailstones dashed Against the window-pa e, The thunder clapped, and roared, and crashed, Then clapped and roared again. The dark clouds slowly rolled away, No twinkling stars were seen; i3ad Boreas shrieked, as if to say, "This is a lark, I ween." The rain upon the roadway splashed, And puddles formed hard by; The vivid lightning fiercely flashed, And lit up all the sky. To see this tempest so severe It happed to be my lot; It might have filled some folks with fear, And yet it harmed mte not. What's that I hear you say-" Absurd" ? Well, really, that is sage; Just wait awhile-I saw and heard This storm upon the stage. P. F. Born. 4.-Old England oft hath faced the storm, 'he battle and the breeze; She does this glorious title bear, "The monarch of the seas." Old England's walls of strongest oak Were hewn fromr solid trees; And firmer hearts than English hearts Have never ruled the seas. Long, long may England's pennou wave Through battle and through breeze; Lonea, long her glorious title bear, "'bhe monarch of the seas." H. Cox. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. lhttersot a word are transposed, anti form another word in the narrative.) 5.-I took a walk through Fleet.street, From thence along the Strand, Those busy thoroughfares wherein Some noble buildings stand; Perhaps it's better now for trade- I'm told 'tis so by far; But ev'ry day I sadly say, "Where is old Temple Bar P" That relic of a bygone age In London still should be, And not in Cheshnnt now be seen, You'll all agree with me; These words are echoed ev'rywhere, By landlubber and tar; I silg again the sad refrain, "Where is old Temple Bar P" ABPosT'oans, Lambeth. odvded street, where the scorching vaun wn on the stoues all his midday fire, itrned to dust all the mud and tha mire UOlthem lay ere the summer begun, uacedisovered a "patch of green"- maVerdant, fresh tuftlet of grass S1Id rooted there-but it died, alas I r aways ere it scarcely was seen. To bl a fond heart that is borne to love, T o. als nd grow in some loving breast, e bs yi.5u, and nurtured, and caessed, this earth lile the heaven above, te oless world will droop and die, oLosomL the sweeter on high. J, C, CoLans.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE CHANGE. (Change two letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrstive.) 7.--In the year of united good.feeliug and grace One thousand eight hundred and eighty-eight, In a small cottage clean there might have been seen (I say might, for uncertain I am of the place, And the truth of the case Which hereafter I state) A round, portly wight, about four feet in height, Who'd four. ested much of the full growth of form Through ills and defeats and connubial storm. Yet it goes without saying, sure, tlobert's a Bob I That a jolly shoem:aker was Sole-omon Cobb. Wee Solomon held his head high among men, For he had a nest-egg, though he wasn't a hen; He'd a batch of young Cobbs, who were all on a par, And though brought up quite well, they were not brought up far. If you took your boots for his deft band to shoe, If he leathered not them, he would not "leather " you; With his hammer and nails, and his rasp, and his awl, He hauled much of his custom from friends who might call ; And what with the souls of his shoes and his folks, His days were not soulless with healing of jokgp. But Cobb became morbid, alas ! it is said A neighbour in calling observed that his head Had drooped, and he sat like a lifeless one-dead. The news spread about, as alarming news does, With an ominous hum and a questioning "'buzz," That Cobb had been hanging his head-if he had he Had probably hung with his head his whole body. At once a dense crowd his neat dwelling surrounded, And rumours, indeed, seemed too truly well founded, For silence suggestive reigued o'er the domain, As if Cobb h "' for e'er put an end to his pain. Two stout-hearted friends forced their way to the house, And screamed when before them up started a mouse; They found I -,a all motionless in his armchair, And his natua-.l aspect gave rise to a scare. They woke hit. by pine uing his nose anud his cheeks, But he sent the two sprawling, and called them base sneaks, And swore he would have them brought up to the beaks; Unkind were their efforts poor Cobb to molest, For he'd only been hanging his head-on his breast ! V. D. TAYLoR, Warrington. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-I am dark-that's a fact !- And I come from down below, From the reahus of inuy darkness, From the regions of woe. By many a wicked act My noms de plume made disagreeable; Behold in me, Oh, Marion T., Your fierce, relentless enemy, Rloberto, Lord le Diable. I am dark-that's a fact !- From the realms of fire eternal I come, iu sable armour, With countless hosts infernal; With rage my soul is racked, My fury really awful is, For I shall fight That caitiff knight Who signs himself (a first not right) The mighty Mephistopheles. I am dark-that's a fact I- So my vengeance dire beware, Thou bogus Mephistopheles, I'll lust thee to thy lair. From thy feet thy spurs are hacked, Like the knights of ancient history; So let thy friend Assistan,'e lend, Thy downfall shall this warfare end, Mephisto and La Mysterie. I am dark-that's a fact !- And my nome de pluate is feared By all in far-off Hades. Who then dares this knight to beard ? Long ago we passed an act Whereby nomns de ploume were legal made; Therefore, visors down, we meet, Brave mysterious knights we greet, Though our queen Our foe has been, Yet we still, with loyal mien, Bend before our regal maid. ROBERT LE DI\BLE. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop two letters from a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in thle narrative.) 9.-Friend Arthur, you have asked me such hard ques- tions That, friend, you ought, I think, to recompense Illy trouble-I await your good suggestions (Whatever they may be) in deference. What I propose, for my part, is to ask you A question, too; but really I don't know A query which is hard enough to task you- An awkward undertaking, I'll avow. Well, let. me think. Here's nine lines gone already; So then to this queer query give the key; Let it be clear-your head I think is steady- How can I get a knight to write of me ? Your question, Bob, I'll answer in a minute, For, really, I am willing to confess There's not the slightest difficulty in it, Indeed, I think there scarcely could be less. If you should wish to gain the " T.'s " approval, Don't write of nature's beauties or of spring; You'll find that such endeavours may not move all Our noted " Tourney" bards your praise to sing. No, no, my friend; but instantly begin to Heap praises on the head of every knight, And then the famed position you'll come into, For which so many riddlers vainly fight. R. W. ANDmtEWS AND A. AhBERLEY. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaninsg, but the samo in sound.) 10.-Only a few more days, Then shall my love depart, And I shall first no more, Queen of my heart. Only a few more days- My heart grows sick at the thought- And I shall seek my love And find her not. Only a few more days, Love ! it shall never be; Dar;ing ! for weal or woe, 1'11 go with thee. Only a few more days, And o'er the last we roam, Hanud cl:sped in hand, so now Farewell to home. PAT scu S., Belfast. DECAPITATION. (1)rop the Irst letter o Ia word leavina another word.) 11.--Camo a miustrel, brave and bold, With a last of shining gold, Singing many a song and old- Oh, Philo I Oh, Philo I Came a fearless, warlike knight, With a falchion, first and bright, Foremuost in the "Tourney" fight- Oh, Jo-.Sing I Oh; Jo-Kingl E. J. Sconseo, TIforbury.
NARRATIVE TRIPLE DELETION. (Drop three letters from the word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narr.tive.) 12.-Oh, very many are the ills That our poor suffering flesh is heir to, And their recital pain instils, Bringing the public sorrow thereto. Now I have one I can't escape By tiking one way or another, And that's an imp dres.eie in the shape Of her young brother. Long I've been hanging round the place, Behaving in a foolish fashion, Till one day, taking heart of grace, I started to declare mny passiou: But on the spot appeared imy friend (P?), Though I'd despatched him to his mother, And half a crown I had to spend On her young brother. He looks to me for cakes and sweets, Well knowing that I darea't refuse him; And oft with sweetest look entreats Ttat with my watch I might amuse him. His simple toy and abject slavc- I'm sometimes one and sometimes t'other- And, oh, how well I must bebavo To that young brother ! No doubt it's fun enough for him- To me it's the reverse of funny, When I supply each costly whim, And find myself run short of money; And when my trinkets he admires, Wishing this thing, that, or the other, 'Tis I that give what he desires To that young brother. I have been bothered long enough By such a system of blackmailing, And though I'm made of patient stuff, Patience is noted for its failing ; Some day the growing storm will break, My feelings then I may not smother, And such a happy time I'll make For that young brother ! IVANuOE, Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) F'oulidation lVords. 13.-How much to first we all do owe, We never know; Gentle, soothing-, and kind, A ministering angel of the best, With love yet undefined. How much she knows the last full well, We none can tell, And never will, I trow; The ,, foal, bears the final oft Without a sign of woe. C(ross lWords. In summer-time my fji.t is seen, Looking beautiful and green. My next will be a U.S. city, You'll find it, sir, if you are witty. A well-known lady third shall be, You'll see her name in Y1'. '. P. Upon your head my fobrth does grow, Surely, sir, its name you know. A Spanish river here bring to sight, So it may form for me a light. The Oxford and Cambridge crews well know Upon the river to lest I trow. R. L. JEvFERsON AND C. E. BRAaOCH. Foundation JIords. 14.-Little streamlet, mighty river, Flowing on towards the .ea, Clear and brightly, loud and gentle, Flowing till Etornity, On your banks there stands a city, Every riddler knows its name : Ki g of rivers, queen of cities, May you never lose your fame. Cross (llords. If your work all right you do, Then my fir:t is given to you. Brave and true in duty's course, Ne'er has he to f el remorse. " Plaintiff, now please state your third, Patiently you will be heard." Every maiden longs to be Fourth, the plain gold ring to see. Shout, and hear the fifth repeat All your words, so soft and sweet. Ed. will give this con. a last, And I hope that 'twill be passed. A. A. raYKES AND DRorro. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation lVWod.. 15.-I love to hear ye riddlers sing Your songs so blithe and gay; Much joy to me they always bring, They turn night into day. Therefore, I would a prialnl ask- Keep singing as of yore, And thus fuifil a noble task: Sing on for evermore. Cross (Fords. What is this man who shouts aloud A time-worn theme to a gaping crowd? "You say this is the finest tea ? 'Tis a villainous pretext." "Confound it, mum, don't swear at me, It came all the way from next." To a cabinetmaker's your thoughts now convey, You will find this is used very much in a way. In working all machinery, Fourth's indispensable you'll see. To send this con., though very small, To the office, I'll not miss; Ahli ! woe is me, if after all I find that it is this. For sixth, a well-known sculler view, With that, sir knights, I say adieu. E. GEOReE. Foundation Wotd. 16.-Without a whole I could not write A riddle to the "T." this night. Cross 'Vords. Fi'st is a "Tourney" knight; Second is white and round; And .1isla is the place Where my second is found. F. 1MoRLeY, Camden Town. CHARADE. II'ormned on a word oeaoh eslable of which is a word.) 17.-Now, gentle reader, do not scoiff When I say sacond is ferst loaf, For is the pastry-shop you shall See them, fancy, large and small. But for a third you must retire Into the ballroom, and admire Each slender form and ;inning face, All circling round with ease and grace; And of those pretty nymphs so fair Yoa'ro sure to see last of them there. B, WATT, Glasgow.
META.OMEiRAML. (Chnnae the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 18.-Oh, list awhile, and I will tell Of many a maid and knight Who've served our " Tourney" long and well In many a famous fight. The various styles that charm is so, In these few lines I'll strive to show. Miss Marion Taylor first I greet, For truly she is queen; And in her verses, low and sweet, First tenderness is seen- Not like the wind that bends the trees, But as the gentle rustling breeze. To Ivanhoe, a gallant knight, My voice I now will raise; He tells of men in armour bright, Of fierce and bloody frays, And brave and strong he takes his stand Among the foremost of our band. Miss Nellie Watson is, I know, A favourite with us all; Her sparkling verses, full of " go," Delights both great and small; Her ready wit and winning grace Secures for her an honoured place. Of V. D. Taylor now I'll speak- A well-tried bard is he; I care not when or where you seok, No worthier one you'll see; Whate'er his subject, grave or gay, 'Twill quickly drive dull care away. On Patrick S. you'll not be vexed. If I a moment dwell; The clash of arms and beating nleat Are themes he treats full well, And often, too, when in the imood, His quiet humour's very good. C. F. BAmns:a, Wood Green. NARRATIVE DUAG IAM. (Change the first two letters of a iw rd to formn slother word, ex- pressed In the narratrvol. 19.-It cannot be said that we're very lazy, But, industrious I am afraid we are not; We're a couple of rhymesters you'll designate crazy, For we cannot exhibit what few brains we've got. This is just an excuse to start on a riddle, 1 know not its subject--'ll leave that to Bob- Bob Andrews I mean, who, 'thont one paradiddle, Is a genius, you bet, when he's once " on the job." Talk about riddling! Why, he's just a wonder, He hashes odt cons. like a sausage machine; He knocks me abaft till I cannot gasp " Thunder I" And when that occurs, well, then something is seen i Dear Robert, your compliments quite flabbergast me- That verb is a new one, I'd better infer; Your ideas about me have really quite past me. My genius, though poor, you endeavour to stirg0 You say that I hash out these small contributious- I'll own that I sometimes a fearful hash make; The machine that you mention must make evolutions For years ere 'twill cause one that will win me the " cake." The subject you ask for-well, I had a real good one, But I don't wish to make this, our riddle, too long; My excuse is so old, it's a well understood one, I leave as a query whether right or if wrong. "lBonB" JEFIFESON AND "I OB" A.nDREWs. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the illual letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.l 20.-Oh, Ivanhoe, I saw your con. In this week's Y. F. P.; And so I thought that I would ask Could I your partner be? You know I'm not a shining light, Nor yet a leading star; But if I had a "pal" like you I might come up to par. You say a fair one yom'd prefer, But if that canouu be, I earnestly do hope that you Will think of having me. Only too happy, of course, I'd be If any other knight Hand in hand would go with me To join the "'Tourney" fight. J. BliRt LL, Belfast. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the IarLLt'ivis.t 21.-To the " Tourney " I come, in bright armour clad, The breastplate, the helmet, the first, and the plaid. I come dashing forward on my prancing steed; I am ready to fight, for glory to bleed. The horns they are blowing, the heralds proclaim The new knight appointed of glory and fame. The last is now given, the battle begins, The conflict is raging 'mid deafening dins. Some horses they stumble, some heroes they fall, While others fight bravely and outlive them all. The battle is over, the strife is now o'er, The victor retires 'mid the glories of war. W. H. rLACE, Peckham. ENIGMA. 22.-I go with every kind of horse, But not with any mule; I'm there with joy, likewise remorse, And very much in school. I'm there with clover, not with hay, With dome, but not with steeple, And twenty thousand times a day I'm spoken by the people. J. W. SEWELL.