jRDPLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION.
TrfavoeeS the letters in a word to form anohter word.) Once more we meet; I greet you, sweet, with con- sncdy ud sad to state, to be for ever trying, Sour ied smiles and tompting wiles, to spur on t tigco are sent in tons, and all the firsts are ladesn That is the noble aim For which we sigh; We do not seek for fame, Dear, you and I. more we meet, dear friend; 'tis sweet to hear the Slove thllat e'er will prove to be through 25et nbtroken; s-al- we shirk our worthy work towards the bards in Sthe crowd shall sing aloud beneath the" Tourney" glseour. That is our noble aim As years roll by; We do not seek for fame, Dear, you and I. QusEENIE AND MARION. REVERSION. IAeord which read backward torms another word.) goound the fire we all were sitting, Brother Thomas first tale pitching, d tlin us the story of " The Demon and the Knight," Where the hero of trudiion Last a dreadful apparition- en suddenly a piercing cry caused all to start with fright. We with breathless silence waited, Great was the alarm created, en we heard the cry repeated yet louder than before. We rose slowly from our places With appalling-looking faces, termined altogetL er the intruder then to rout; Tom placed his hand upon the handle Of the back door, whoa the candle s blown out by a sudden gust of wind, when came to sight Four eyes that were glaring brightly, The spectre that comes out nightly, ecommon apparition of-two cats engaged in fight 1 WV. HI. BLACK, Peckham. METAGRAM. Cihange tie f rst letter of a word to form another word.) Baron Von Blichen, a man of ability, validity, likewise sabiiity, d seen, as he termed It, his "l leiner affinity," d with affability, an exchangability sht occur 'twixt them; so, with firm stolidity, asked this young damsel if it were futility- said this with terrible pusillanimity- saying that there was some slight similarity tbeir two natures, and with much hilarity ked this young virgin, whose locks were all " carroly," d with an expression that was slightly " parroly," she'd be his bride, and with prodigality d be was rich, had good looks, principality, dcoutinued to worry her with regularity. Sone day a man who was versed in philosophy, so psychoma, cy, hlikewise pseudology, d who knew all concerning the art of palmography, ewise psychology, also pyrology, gestleman known to possess much prepollency, d whose trade was connected with what's called no- crology, tered the village and met this frivolity- ving young damsel, who gave due publicity stanter of the event with felicity, id her heart was liable to friability, d that she, poor young dear, was full of fragility, onected her heart with the word frangibility, pain, soriow, ditto fusibility, d asked him to help her with his capability. w, Von Blichen, so naughty, was full of stupidity d insipidity, likewise proclivity; oreover, full was he of ponderanility d perspirability, do. peccability; was known to possess, too, what's termed passibility, as" crammed" with passivity, likewise trepidity, d, worse than all else, inexorability. d this man who was clever, and quite " pugilistical· hich means also fighting, and otherwise " fitical," art which some people would designate " mystical "- Id up his cane and said, "IMy dear miss, this stick'll on stop his boring." He was sot egotistical, t said, if this scoundrel was "' antagonistical," 'd settle him in a new way called artistical. he asked Miss Sourano with gentle civility, sceptibility, also timidity- euttered this with quiet ineffability, etle tenderness, ditto proclivity- give him some clothing that had durability, t like her own-said with facility, Askirt that possessed indivisibility." And lie shaved off his beard, And his whiskers he teared, Till he looked like a damsel so fair; And he put on the dresses, And also the tresses, And our hero brave was all there. He then sallied forth In terrible wrath. w, Yon Blichen his darling saw going along, And he grinned Till he sinned; hetripped up towards her and sang a sweet song, Full of joy, S. Like a boy, be tried to detain her, and asked (him) to kiss ish atiful, fresh-looking, dainty young miss. this maiden she wouldn't-she walked straight - way, Deuce the thing all I" our Von had to say. hisi arm round her waist he gently did put, Araetha g sprang up-it was just like a fort- aight Vou a whack-well, not on the back, - somewhere near that unmistakable track; -I- e thing fell on his proboscis so red, S elI as he shouted out, "Mercy, I'm dead !' wamoral I'll point out to this tale so sad: twioer and better than this man so bad, -his ateeth had to have prinral proper and tight, 1n"hlul he was in this one-sided fight; ahdi1ope my advice you'll partake of with care, iSiga myself, ever yours, SAMUEL DE BEAR. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. 'rst letter of a word is ohanged, to form anotlher word i Sthe niarrative.) P-slaking without previous thought ofte en mpty, and availeth naught; 'hingi. g, and not speaking out, ITs leaving others and yourselves in doubt. To charge a gun, and.unot to ehoot; 0o.Plant a tree, and then upriot; ing silent when you should say more, *i l5seaking out when all is o'er- d lke a man .engiged to fight: Be' darid· , boasting,.out of sight, Andstriketh nothing with hiisi ght A og~dd w2 is in darkest night. T.go word kiudd~, timsly spolien, dna', fawda.,
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMIEG]RAM. (Change the two last letters of it word to form another word in the lnarratlvO.) 5.-How can a fellow be glad P The night is so dirty and cold, Sure to make somebody sad, Sure to give coughs to the old. The night is so dirty and cold, For fireside I ne'er saw a fitter; Sure to give coughs to the old, The winds are so chilly and biLter. For fireside I ne'er saw a fitter. Where is that scapegrace the moon ? The winds are so chilly and bitter, Oh, for the blessings of June 1 Where is that scapegrace the moon? I wonder if ever she'll come. Oh, for the blessings of June! Bound to make somebody glum. I wonder if ever she'll come: These nights are an eyesore to see, Bound to make somebody glum. But why is that somebody me? These nights are an eyesore to see. Some one their walk will forego; But why is that somebody me ? That is what I want to know. Some one their walk will forego. Why can't the weather refrain ? That is what I want to know. There, now, just look at the rain! Why can't the weather refrain ? People will turn into dippers. There, now, just look at the rain! Clara, please bring me my slippers. People will turn into dippers, If evenings continue like these. Clara, please bring me my slippers. Ugh, what a pest is that breeze! If evenings continue like these, And rain keeps on falling like mad- Ugh, what a pest is that breeze ! How can a fellow be glad I H. A. TAYLOrt, Birkenhead. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 6.-In a quiet, peaceful village, far from strife and dreary care, In a jasmine.covered cottage dwelt a maiden young and fair, Fairer than the snow-white roses that in summer brightly bloom, While the air is ever burdened with their subtle, sweet perfume; In the daytime, when the sunlight on her fair hair gently played, When this happy little damsel through the woodlands careless strayed, Flowers all seemed to smell the sweeter with the charm that she would bring, And like anoels' soft.breathed music last the songs she used to sing. But a bitter day came to her, and the maid grew pale and sad, And her songs were low and mournful, that before had been so glad; First the sun had shone so brightly seemed to her so cold and drear, Till she heard the tender message she had yearned so long to hear; Then the maid grew bright and cheerful, fled all sorrow, grief and pain, And the face which once was tearful blossomed like a rose again, A,.d the rushesby the streamlet quivered gqntly to and fro As two forms beside them lingered, us two heads were bending low. While the faintly-dying sunbeams tinged the distant village green, Life to them could have no sorrows, for it ne'er had brighter been; When soft shadows slowly lengthened, when the day- light sank to rest, By her door she stood and waited with the one she loved the best. When the sun in gold and crimson hid beneath a cloak of grey, And from out the misty heavens stole a pallid star's faint ray, Then the twittering of theswallows died in silence 'neath the eaves, While they listened to the love vows that a blushing maid receives. LA MYSrERIE. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, cx- pressed in the narrative.J 7.-Oh, why does the world seem so lonely and drear? Oh, why does the sun ever hide his beams ? And why do the one.time singing streams Murmur along in a silent fear? Why do the song-birds all saddened appear ? Why is it Hesperus tearfully gleams ? Why is it Nature to me ever seems To lie dull and dead on a flower.strewn bier ? Why is it, love ? Ah, my winter has come, And the joys of this life for ever have fled, hMy heart and my hopes lie withered and dead, And the voice of all Nature to me now is dumb. Ah, love, ah, my love, how dear is the cost Of the love, the true love, that I know I have lost! J. C. COLLIERt. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Woerds of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-The midday sun was softly shining On her.luxuriant, glossy hair; The curls with golden beams were twining, And seemed affection strong to share; For long I watched it, fascinated, And spoke my praise in gushing tone; But soon such thoughts were disslpatec-- The hair was not her own. Her mouth was small and full of sweetness, Her lips were of a rosy red; And to ensure the charm's completeness, Such lovely teeth to view were spread; They were so small and white and pearly, More charming ones were never shown; But soon I found my praise was early, For they were not her own. I stood and gazed-her cheeks were flushing; I said this surely must be real; And thoughts of tfailure downward crushing, I forward weut my fate to seal; But, coming closer, I discovered What made my hopes like bubbles blown- Over her face rich blushes hovered, But they were not her own. So I am sid and pessinistie, And think my aim in life is gone; The fraude were really so artistic, I, like a fool, was carried on. Bur. now I've found another fmuling, My day's experience is not known; And while I'm here at fortune railing Her healt is not her own, Iv~aNo, Belfast. CONUNDRUM. 0.-Why was the boqk of "Unolb Tom's Cabili" slot wviittcn b0' a f£mIeaie hand F-V. ID. TA- WaxitbitO on.
NARRATIVE PALINDROMI ES. (A word which read backwards or for,wards is still the same. ex- pressed in the narratire.) 10.-He lived in Pekrin, and his name was Sing, Though ne'er a note of music did he utter; A wishee.washee sort of man was he, Who rose to fame from out the very gutter. His father was a scavenger by day, By night he hunted rats within the cellars, And, though rat-sellers were a goodly crew, Sing's pa was called " the prince of rat-expellers." And so the old man flourished day and night, Until to strings of cash his wealth amounted; For rats were dear. and by the moneyed few Rat.pie a very dainty dish was counted. And thus it was that, when our Sing's pigtail Was long enough to prove him fit and able, The old man bought a washing-busiiess there, And rigged him out with trestle, tub, and table. The livelong day Sing dirty linen washed, And starched and glazed with wonderful persistence; And such success attended him that soon His name and fame had spread to quite a distance. A d soon it came to pass that Sing became Chief washer to the Emperor majestic, And by the household he was known to be His majesty's most highly.prized domestic. Then step by step he gradually rose Through all the grades of buttouns, silks, and colours, Until the Chief Adviser he became, Despite the opposition of string.pullers. 'Twas said by his opponents that his rise He owed to finding 'mong the royal washing A letter compromising ladies fair, Which letter he was fortunate in quashing. Pan.o, Glasgow. 11.-I've got the inclination if I haven't got the faculty- The will, they say, is often worth the deed. I lain would write a con. to-nighit That should delight each " Tourney" knight, And talent is the one thing that I need! If will did half as much as deed, how much would be ac. complished ! Men spend their time in wishing, not in work, And ever hope that Fates will ope Their present scope, yet ne'er they cope With present duties, but all taok they shirk. I'd-be the best of writers in the "Tourney's" brilliant columns If only all I wished would come to pass; But, no, Dame Muse will ne'er imbuo With her bright fire her servant true, And so nufamed I still remain, alas ! Would that the rhymes of Marion or Philo's wit were mine ! Would I were honoured as a "Tourney " bard! Alas I my rhymes are poor and weak, I must confess I vainly seek Success to gain, but find the pathway hard. IR. W. Anounw s. Hlampstead. OMEGRAMS. (The lastletter of a word is changed to form another word.) 12.-With broken masts and tattered sail, The vessel drives before the gale; All hope is lost, no lirst is nigh To hear the drowning sailors' cry. We all must have a lexrt in life To bear us through the toil and strife; And those who have it not will find That in the race they're le;t behind. The name of this you all must know, 'Tis with you everywhere you go; And here another clue I'll give- Were it withdrawn you'd cease to live. " What lasts you, man ?" my brother cried; "Thit you are ill can't be denied." " Four words will tell my trouble, Ned: I am in love," I feebly said. C. F. BA:nnE, Wood Green. 13. -Houme after work, with oext, my love, I live within another sphere, Whose blissful peace its worth doth prove, Home after work. W hen troubles sore their grim beads rear, And far from thy dear side I rove, I know I have no need to fear. I~rst gentle words and actions move Our obstaclh s; our paths are clear; And is akin to heaven above, Home after work. L. A. W. NARRATIVE PRECE-OfMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Oh, we should own a beauteous park, And you would feed the deer; We both should reign in regal state And love each other dear. Yes, we would roam o'er sunny lawns Beneath the greenwood trees; And you would chase with plaited hat The butterflies and bees. Then I would fan thy lovely face With nosegays in the shade; And we would stroll beside the stream And wander through the glade. I then would tune the golden lyre, And you would name the deer; Oh, we should reign in regal state, And love each other dear. H. Cox. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leavine another word.) 15.-The almanacks tell us the winter is o'er, That now we have entered on spring; And the skylarks, the thrushes, and amateur bards Are all getting ready to sing; And the Editor waits for the cartload of odes That the season is certain to bring, And his feelings grow hard to that classical bard, The poet that blooms in the spring, tra.la-la, The poet that blooms in the spring. "The sun 'gins to rise in the soft, azure skies, And soft zephyrs merrily blow; Whilst a first, gentle breeze stirs the leaves on the trees, And all things are radiant below. And the sweet scent of flowers floods celestial bowers- Love dwells 'mid the fragrance they bring;" And the Editor smiles at the various styles Of the poet that blooms in the spring, tra-la-la, The poet that blooms in the spring. Then the head-hitter reaches his hand for the club That hangs on a bracket close by, And be fixes his merciless eye ot the door, For the ruthless invader is nigh; And the long-haired ones stand on the threshold and view The stern. editorial king, And fear strikes each heasrt, and in.sorrow depart The poets tbhat bloom in the sprnlg, trsa.la.la, The poets that bloom in the spring. , J. KSM EST, Iiddlesborough. 16.-I'm worn by the coward, I'm worn by the~brave,. I'm found at ahe altar,. SAlso at the grAve. I'm worn by the monarch, Thei rich and ths poor; Oft knodkctl in your fa;ce r.s Yqu 'o~fen the dbor. V. I. T otr~ol, Warriangton.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters. as well as the initials. form a word. or wordse.) Foundation Iaorde. 17.-In the days of "bad Queen Bess" Our primsal, lived with pride, And a Yankee now, I guess, To dethrone him hard has tried. In the Daily 7 ella.craen, A few weeks since I read About a cryptogram Just found (or so'twas said) In pronals' famous works, In which this Yankee smart Asserts a story lurks ; And with the artful art Of arithmetic profouni, Our braius he muddles quite, For he takes us round and round To prove (!) that he is right. And all must now receive As author, and applaud, Ourfiuals, and believe That prinials was a fraud. Cross Words. Ravenous undoubtedly my first; Of enemies I fain woould think the worst. This glorious time you'll certainly believe As pleasant is as any you'd conceive. A very clever riddler now find out; His contributions you would never scout. This gentle river primals well did know; And watched with dreamy eyes its ebb and flow. The fifth I see you must curtail: " A nasty hit it will detail. Mayhap you'll feel the sixth through my Poor couplets, which are rather dry. A hardy race well-known to fame; Oppressors they have put to shame. You drop my next, a depth to find, Th t it is taut pray have a mind. This light portrays a character which you In" Uncle Tom " will very often view. Cold is the air-your very breath would freeze Should you sojourn, my friend, beyond these seas. A lover fair and true you here will see; A character the prime:s made is he. Abode of bliss-the garden first of all- Designed long 'fore poor man sustained his fall. Jo-oKING AD R. L. JEFFEBSON. Foundation lWords. 18.-I'm a little "Tourney" dame, earning smiles and winning fame On this page, And I'm sure you'll all agree, and that you will say with me, I am sage. So am I a " Tourney " dame, winning for myself a name. I'm the " rage." For upon you knights I smile, and encourage you the while You engage. Cross Words. First's a foreign flower fair; Some few years ago 'twas rare. Riddling friends, don't get perplexed, In a flower you'll find my next. Third a tack upon a chair, But it made a fellow swear. For fourth my die. I perused; Found a tool by masons used. Filth on oyster shells you'll find; 'Twon't come quickly to your mind. In my sixth you'll surely meet A word which means very sweet. For this a compass point, please, place. In next a kind of tree you'll trace. My nixt, dear friends, I must confess, Is fabric oft seen on a dress. The maker of that stuff you'll view In last. And now I say adieu. DaoFFo AND A. A. DvKS. Foundation Words. 19.-The primal wants to live, Yet doesn't want to work; Whatever task you give He'll do his best to shirk. And if you over should Be passing 'neath a tree In a Guinean wood. This animal you'll see. Cross Words. A kind of weight or measure you In first will very quickly view. A kind of essence is my next; I hope it won't make you perplexed. This, you speedily will say, Is a part of every day. Another name for church am I, And you, I hope, will me descry. My fifth you'll very quickly trace; °'Lis a portion of your face. Sixth you'll find, I'm fain to fear; Its meaning, sir, is, once a year. B. L. JEFFERSON AND A. A. D aKES.