RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, BETAGRApS. (Change the second letter of a word to form n er or .L-Poor Podper colu,i 4t :,,. o .~ . -
L-Poor Podger could not hide the sorryaer world That stouter each successive day he grew. In every speech of his, in every act, He clearly proved what everybody knew In vain he sought concealment of his state By wearing clothes of tightness most absurd; His massive frame and heavy, slouching gait Too well betrayed him whensoe'er he stirred A hundred doctors tried their first in vain; A hundred quacks were called to him-and fail But when at last he'd given up in pain., His family, to soothe his next, prevailed Upon him to attend a lonely cave, Where dwelt a man to whom such tasks were As soon as he appeared, the wizard gave Him orders to repose with him that night. He slept, but not for long. A sudden cry Of agony awoke him from his rest; He gazed around-two skeletons stood nigh, Their grinning skulls in ghostly vapour, dresse All night poor Podger shivered in his bed, While perspiration ran from every pore; But, with the light, away the phantoms lied, And Podger ne'er complained of stoutness mor F. Gc. WEBB, Soathw.a 2.-J oin hands with me, John, in a primal clasp; O nce in the past we linked, with eager grasp, H ands that had warmed hearts that had thrilled to jo N erved to the grip that always will destroy C old customs, nests, and ceremonies vain. C an we, John, break those customs crude again? O nce in the past I felt a nameless dread L eat some slight cause had snapped the sacred threa L ight is my heart-its burden's in my eye; I know you ask not freedom from our tie. E ach day should tighter draw the sacred band. R eunited thus two friends stand hand in liand., T. CARPEINTEl, Shacklewe METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wora.) 3.-Swift they first, with banners wavia.- Down the dusty, winding laue; One for home and friends is craving- Naught can tell his bitter pain. Comrades wonder at his sorrow; Life to them is bright and gay; Soldiers care not for to-morrow, If there's happiness to-day. Groups of men in anguish crying Wake the echoes of the night; One brave soul is swiftly flyingS To the land of love and light. "Good-bye, comrades. I mu.n.t leave you; See, the dark-robed herald waits. In our next I will receive you Just beyond the Golden Gates." E. A. Cnoaa ENIGMAS. 4,-Oh, gaze at you dungeon, cold, dreary, and dim, Where the light only makes it more ,ireiadifll, gr' Within it a prisoner doth longigfly try To catch but one glimpse of the fair earth and sky A glimpse that shall liven that most lonely s it, And heap him with patience to bear his sad hlt. For I tell you he'd languish in utter de:pair, In desperate insanity, were I not there. Turn your gaze to that mansion, vast and so gay, Enveloped in flames that turn aught into day; And note ye the forms that to flee vainly try ? And hear ye, oh, hear ye, their agonmz:d er) ? And, oh, is there nothing that help can atford ? The ladders are brought, and the water is poured But I tell you, enwrapped by that terrible glare, They would hopelessly perish if 1 were not there. I'm long, and I'm short, I'm broad, and I'm thin, I'm high, and I'm low, I'm without and weitiue; I'm round, and I'm square, I'm triaui ir, too, I'm bright, dim, and clear, cleau, and i ty to vie I'm coloured, and pictured, and painted, ad stain Yet when plainest the best, are my services ca:ied So slender I am that an infant might Lreak nme, So strong that the fiercest of tempests but shake I'm over your head and I'm under your foot, Both in attic and kitchen I'm sure to be put; I'm high in the air, I'm down under ground, And few are the streets where 1 may not be foun There is not a lighthouse where rugged rocks fro There is not a hamlet, a viilage, or town, There is not a ship or dwelling-place where I am not to be found, for I ever am there. J. Tutus d-The stars above do calmly glow On mossy dell and sylvan shade; A little stream does smoothy" flow 'Neath clust'ring boughs, wit h flow'rs arra And when the moon from clouds peeps out, I'm in the stream, without a doubt. A man, bent down with age and care, To view the stars, stands at the door Of a small and pretty cot; from there He's watched full many a time befo:e. What brings that smile, so fai- to see To his thin and wrinkled face? 'ls.1 sa. G. A. JONES, Liverpo0 NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, express the narrative. 6,-I sat me down to write a con.- A metagram or monoplhone, When, hark I a fellow 'gan to play A tune upon an old troimbone. And, oh, he played in sact' a tone, I could have wished biim-miles away. The tune he tried to piay is called "Wait, Jenny, t ll the clouds roll by;" But he could no more play it right Than that au elephant can ts For oft he went two octave, lpith Because he blew with all his might. 'Tis no uncommon thing for me To hear a boiler factory's din; I've heard, in its most cutting tone, A penny whistle made of tin; But no sound worse than practisinge Upon a tuneless old trombone. OM]EGRAIM. (The last letter of aword is changed to form another 7.-" What colour is yo-r dress " I said Unto a pretty, blushing maid; S She answered thus, in words quise shea, " Why, can't you see 'tis in.D.-lao l And so it was withbut a doubt, From rst 1do la-s and round about. T, CONUNDRUM. 8.-I kindly ask you, readers all, To listen if you may; Nor do I wish your fayours long, . I little have to efy., S I've only got to akk y.o-this-- n " And will. you aa; dr, 'p].irp e h u- 6 Which part should se esteoU tshe ii3P SOs a haf.eaten oheese o * - .s , , TatNnoar, DudleyColtt
ADDITION. (Add r. letter ti the - ord chosen to matke another word.) (D I.-I want a subject-anything on which romte desultory verses I may scribble, first to allay this ever-present itch For writing rhyme (the Editor may quibble At this too candid statement) ; so I hitch The bait upon my hook-tile Muse must nibble. This stanza is the bait at which she'll dart: One always gets on when one makes a start. I sing the "Tournaument "-the present one- Wherein both knights and ladies ride a tilt, And where uo corporeal hurt is done: The lance a pen, and the wild charge a tilt (Aud sometimes a wet towel the morion) Where only ink instead of gore is spilt, And where, upon the place d'hoemear, is seen The usual-pardon, most uncommon--queen. Where old " King Cole's son " (Frederick the great) Frequents the next, and makes a brave show there, With many more whose names I cannot state. Who weekly to these glorious lists repair. Moigst them the writer-a sad runagate- Fools rouud at times with an abstracted air, Pausing anon, regardless of rebuff, To write some good idea upon his cuff. D. Gow. DUAGRAM. (Clhale the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-A lhappy smile was on his classic face, ,i sw mlitl o'er the page he 'gan to trace (I The outline of it weird and awful tale Of ghastly ghosts and sheeted spectres pale. 'Twas clo.ie upou the solemn stroke of ten When he prepared his thrilling tale to pen, And all was silent for an hour or more, When something gently stirred his chamber door. From off his seat he started in a fright, And in his sudden haste put out the light, With startled fear his blood seemed turned to ice, Ant for the stairs he started in a trice. But ere he'd quite emerged from the room, A pair of eyeballs, glaring in the gloom, Fast held him bound, as though beneath a spell. Awuile he stood; then, with a piercing yell, Aud like ajirst propelled through the air, He cleared the flight and never touched a stair ; While in his track came swiftly flying past A fine black cut, and darted down the last. The moral to my tale is very clear: Ne'er write of ghosts and such like ghostly gear, Except in daytime, when the sun is near. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 11.-A mighty first was spread in Branksome Hall, The viands were within the reach of all. The aged, wand'ring beggar, as mhe passedl, If he turned in, shared too the rich repast. The rot.st beef smoked, good wine was drunk galore, Nothing was dry, not e'en the sanded floor. Next day they were of all their " grub " bereft, The lats and mice not e'en the crusts had left. The seueschal, poor soul, was sure perplexed; But as the food was done, they had to next. PATnICK S.. Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letterq, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 12.-A famous structure, without doubt, You in foundations see; A building which, you all must know, Is famed in history. Now, here's a hint before I go- About the place, I mean : If you e'er come to London town, This structure will be seen. Cross Words. A pretty little animal, you'll find, The solving of this word will leave behind. I want you, Tom, to take this next to-day, And afterwards you can go out and play. A pretty female name can here be seen; 'rls mostly borne by gipsy maids, I ween. Equivalent to sullen here you find; Come, you can solve it if you're so inclined. I'm glad to hear that John is next at last; I hope he'll soon forget the dreary past. A pretty town in Italy here see- That sunny land so famed in history. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. fle Iloters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 13.--Steadfastly the rain comes down, With its ceaseless pit, pat, pit; Outside, all things wear a frown; So do we, as here we sit, Fuming at the rainy weat her, Keeping all inside togethe r. Faster, faster, falls the raiun- Winter is not yet away; Gloomy thoughts rush through our brain. How we wish for Summer's sway I- Scented flowers and fresh green fields, And harmless pleasures that she yields. THE UNKNOWN. 1I-"'Tis five and twenty years "- I should say ten- Since last I stood within these famous lists; Look back, contrast the puzzles now and then, 'The horrid rhymes, with sundry turns and twists. I fear, in growing up to man's estate, i've not kept pace with you, my friends in arms; MIy puzzles now, I fear-alas I sail fate- Are doomed to deck the paper-basket's charms. The provgrbs tell us that we can but try- 'The best can do no more; so if I fail To gain the place I held in days gone by, I'll bow to fate, and not sit down and wail. F. PAnarR. LOGOGRIPHS. (Ah Wr'd which may be treaited as a met:tgram, decapitntlm, dele. toll,asut trtansposition, but leaves a perfect word after each 15.-My first uncommon means; it indicates Something not met with every day. Reverse the first three letters, and, ye fates ! 'Tis still the same. What is it, pray? But stay, I have not done. Decapitate, A common word you now behold; 'Tts quite unnecessary here to state That 'tis a verb, so I've been told. If further you would go, this time transpose; An auditory word you'll get, 'Tis true as on your face you'll find your nose (I know you've ne'er this saying met).
And lastly, if again you feel disposed To follow out my little con., The letters of my word again transposed Disclose an epoch. Now, I'm done.' B. D. M., Glasgow. 16.-For irst you'll have to find Old Nick, Catch him, and behead him quick, And then you'll see what's often done By me, and youn, and every one. My last you'll get if you reverse; And now I think I'll end this verse. But stay I the last-we all must do. And now, ddear friends, I'll say adieu. A. DrAES.
NARRNTIVE DECAPITATION. Drop the first lettcr Us a wol. rd. lavi :mlther word, expressed in the narrative.I 17.-What is a con. P A kind of pun, A simple verse designed for fun ; A couplet from fair Musa won, The "Tournament" to grace. Who is the Ed. ? The chief of all, Whose words in kindness ever fall; The guardian of th' "Olympic" Hall, Our pleasant, kindly friend. Who are the ladies ? The " Tourney's" grace, The says who trip the Olympian race; How sweet the witty cons. they trace While hasteniug on to Fame I Who are the knights ? A valiant crew : The striving youths-the noted few; Our Ed.'s t rained warriors, brave and true, The conquerors of rhyme. What is the W. P. B. ? An awful rock, Which shatters puzzles by its shock A gate which opes to ev'ry knock By Perseverance given. AGONISTES. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, lravrig another word, expressed in the nusrrative.) 18.-Oh, Editor, if you but knew How many times I've pictured you, And in how many different ways, I fancy that 'twould you amaze. I've pictured you as younug and gay- In fact, a masher of to-day, Sporting a collar-rather tall, And wearing boots a deal too small, And with an eye-glass, on our " scripts" Gazing amid so many lisps. I've pictured you as stern and grim, In fact, a " modern hobgoblin," Peering with two scornful eyes Upon the con. that 'neath you lies, And with a knowing " Rubbish I" think Howe'er the youth could waste the ink In writing out such horrid stuff ; And then, with movement rather gruff, Consign it to the " yawuing pit " Without compunction-not a bit I I've pictured you as of an age Mature, and gazing on the page That 'fore you lies with cheery smile, And altering with your pen the while Mistakes that meet you here and there, Then passiug it, although but fair; And doing many a kindly thing That to the writers pleasure bring. This is the picture that I know Is the most. truthful one, although In it enough I have not said To truthfully depict " Our Ed. I" T. RorsToN, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Formed on a word eatwu sy.':Lfe of which is a word.) 19.-Precocious and clever was young Dicky Green, Though his age was but ten and a half ; And many a sally of Dicky's had been, Without doubt, the sole cause of a laugh. Yet Dicky, quite lately, was caught in the act Of his own self-conceit, with dismay; I'll tell you the story: I really- But yet- Yes, I will, whate'er Dicky may say. Our youngster had never-'twas singular, too- Seen a whole in the course of his days; His uncle, one morning, said, " Dicky, would you Like to drive a few miles with the bays ?" Young iichard itimmedittely said that he should, And the first was as fair as could be; Yet, doubti.lr, his nucle asked Dick if he would Runu and look at the next, and thus see. A moment's reflection convinced this young Green That my whole was the thing that was meant; He wouldln't confess, though, he never had seen One before lie came there, and he went. He quickly returned with the whole in his hand, And was asked, " What's this for, Master Dick ?" He answered, in accents that really were grand, " It is broken. I don't hear it tick I" J. A. B., Lowestoft. 20.-First is the time when light has fled, And darkness reigns o'er earth instead. A scene of vice my next will be, Where men are brought to misery. When winds in powerful gusts do blow, My last it is, you then will know. If you have strayed in summer-time Through woods at night, You oft, no doubt, have heard my whole, If I am right. NEMO. 21.-You'll find my first appended to the name Of Aristides great, of Grecian fame ; Where'er rude Boreas rules, my next is found, And in the Polar seas do I abound; To baffle Fraud's unhallowed plans, My whole the balance rightly scans. ANON. 22.-An animal my first you'll find; An animal's my second; Now, when you have the two combined, My whole an animal is reckoned. C. P. BASELEY, Cornhill, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavine another word.) 23.-He was .nost courageous youth, An enemy to all, save Truth. He lived in times when knightly skill Was proof against the tyrant's will; And in these p iges long his fame Found in each reader's heart a claim. But now cut off his head, and then Behold just the reverse of men- Atyrant, one whose cruel sway, Filled happy homesteads with dismay. Into the peaceful Netherlands He went. with Rome's direct commands, To make converts, or else to slay Those who would not the Church obey. J. BUCKLEY. 24.-My f('st is seen in ev'ry field, And used to make the herbage yield; The head from this if you will take, A useful liquid it will make. J. T. SrTr, Birmingham.