RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM.
1.-Cetewayo will visit us shortly, I find. Oh, what will ho think of us ? What will he think P And the question at present absorbing my mind Is-What will he think of us ? What will he think ? Will he go to the " Christy's," and laugh at their jokes ? Or will he get first and declare it a hox ? But, oh I let me ask, will he take in Young Folks, And what will he think of it? What will he think ? Will 7s also dine in the famed Channel Tunnel ? And what will he think of it ? What will he think ? Will he say it is naught but a wretched old funnel ? Or what will he think of it P What will he think P Second he from his manners uncivilized turn ? How long will he take the " deah boy " talk to learn ? Will he wear his hair long, turn sssthetic, and "yearn ?" Or what will he think of 'em? What will he think P Then with roaring of guns we will welcome the king. But what will he think of it? What will he thick ? With cheers loud and hearty the welkin will ring- But what will he think of it? What will he think ? Alas I a dread thought through my brain has just flashed, A thought which my hopes to the ground has soon dashed. Will he on the Thames' fair Embankment be " bashed ?" And what will he think of it ? What will he think ? G. TaoT. CENTRAL CHANGE. 2.-A knight and maiden stood beside An oak tree in a forest wide; He kissed her with a gallant grace, And she concealed her blushing face, Lest her blue eyes should rashly prove To him the secret of her love. Now burst upon their startled gaze A mounted warrior, tall and grim, His sunburnt features all ablaze, For jealousy was scorching him. He vaulted from his sable steed, And tethered him unto a bough, Then from its sheath his primal freed, And, oh, his eyes were flashing now I " Unhand the lady, churl i" he cried, As on he came with lengthy stride. His rival heard, and, undismayed, His hand swift sought his trusty blade, And from its sheath the eager steel Leapt swiftly as a lightning flash, And ere the maiden could appeal, Their weapons met with many a clash. And as their long swords rent the air, With fingers clasped in earnest prayer, With eyes uplifted to the skies, Stood sadly by the soldiers' prize. But when the clash of steel had ceased, One fearful glance around she cast; Her mind was pained, her heart was eased- Her lover's foe had kissed the last. H. C, PucaI, Southwark. ENIGMA. 3.-In winsome glade and bonnie glen, In shady dell and mossy fen, Amid the city's struggling race, I'm hero and there in ev'ry place. I float upon the summer breeze, And nestle even in the trees; Yet oftentimes so small I've been I vouch I oft have not been seen. H. F. G., Wandsworth. CLASSICAL MENTAL PICTURE. 4.-With calm disdain he eyes the rippling flood, Then plunges in, and through it swiftly glides; The water chill serves not to cool his blood, For 'tis the sea him from his love divides. Though strong the current, hopeful he pursues His wat'ry way, with mien devoid of fear, Till on the strand a maiden fair he views, And then he's welcomed by his mistress dear. D. G. HOLMES. CHARADE. 5.-Barrister Brainless gets up from his place, And a smile-'tis his sweetest-flits over his face, Adjusts his black gown with precision so nice ("ure sign that his speech '11 begin in a trice). With a " Hem l" and a " Haw I" and a wave of the hand, That for beauty and grace is surpassingly graud, Barrister Brainless, for practice athirst, With a dignified gesture, commences my first. His elegant rigmarole ended, his brother Gets up in his turn, his opponent to smother, By trying to show that all Brainless has said Is worth next than nothing-not fit to be read. His learned brother ended, our counsellor wise To confuse all the witnesses earnestly tries; Rising, he smooths out the folds of his gown (That, by wear and ill.asage, is getting quite brown), Folds his hands, with a flourish, behind his broad back, And at once on the witness begins his attack : " Can you swear that 'twas moonlight-that Luna's pale beams Were cast o'er the landscape in soft, mellow gleams- That ne'er a white cloud flitted fitfully by, Obscuring the moon in the soft azure sky ? Say, witness, canst swear that 'twas as I have said, And ne'er a small cloud floated by overhead ?" " No, your washup, I can't, for I was so afeard That I e'en shut my eyes, and for home quickly steered." The trial by our barrister having been won, He's considered by all as a very big gun, And retires 'midst the praise both of friends and of foes; While, wlcole, his opponent with rage homeward goes, Inwardly vowing that Brainless shall sutler For having just made him appear such a duffer. HonATnus, Lewisham. ARITHMOREM. Foundation. lord. 6.-A town in England primals name, Which has a double hold on fame; Its buildings are so great and grand, They are a proverb in the land. It has a university, So please to find it out for me. Cross Words. 501 and no In this first word you will see A Scandinavian deity. 11 ,, aptpen A wise man's shrieking, scolding wife; She must have made him tired of life. 1,031 ,, eos They say a cat on this did play; I don't believe it, bhut you msy. 57 ,, so A lady'sname-be sure you mind it; I hope sincerely you will find it. 550 ,, grantetue In this you'll find, if tired you're not, A novel by Sir Walter Scott. 600 ,, aro A coin well known in Yankee-land. I wish I had one in my hand. DIANA R. O'D. LOGOGRIPH. 7.-A snug little town In the county of Down, Which is steadily gaining its way to renown; Curtail and transpose, It now will disclose A bird which I think that every one knows. F. C. BOERMsasR, Shorncliffe. ACROSTIC. Foaundation WYord. 8.--My primals name a forest beast In foreign ccontries found; Full oft at night, with savage cries, It makes the woods resound, Cross Words. Miy first's a flower-I think that's plain; My next gives shelter from the rain; A kind of tree write down for third; My last will show a large sea-bird. M. F. Gasin, Fermoy. TRANSPOSITION. 9.--While sailing on my first one day, A second I soon found, And swift to shore I made my way, For fear I should be drowned. W. S. Sura.
METAGRArM. 10.-I rushed to buy the Penny Popinjay, And opened it, all trembling and excited, Gave one glance in it, yelled a wild " Hooray 1'" And leapt about, in ecsancies delighted. " At first I at first 1" I shouted, in my glee, Although my bliss would scarcely let me speak, For these sweet tidings my glad eyes could see- " Your contribution will appear next week." I scarce knew what to do; I was o'erjoyed. Oh, could it be my sad suspense was second? Bad luck so often had my hopes destroyed, That for this glorious news I had not reckoned. Back to the paper shop I rushed straightway, And ordered, with a proud and happy glance. Fifty of next week's Penny Popinjay, For which they made me pay them in advance. On reaching home, I thought I'd gaze once more Upon the news which third away my sadness; I did so, and a melancholy roar Escaped my lips, as I, in wretched madness, Saw that, in glancing o'er the print's close ranks. I'd made an error, which excitemet kept hid. My proper answer was, " Declined with thanks." 'Twas not my con. at all that was accepted! F. W. BINSTEAD. TRANSPOSITION. 11.-Low o'er the plain Night hung her sable pall, And Lancaster's red army trod the field; Shrill through the darkness pealed the trumpet's call. As York's white banner, by the moon revealed, Gleamed like the bird of peace upon the plain, Hov'ring above those thousands gathered there, Yet brings but death and sorrow in its train, E'en though the victors' first may be their share. Loud rose the angry clamour to the skies, In one tumultuous shout and horrid roar, As when some shipwrecked sailor, dying, cries. And the loud billows thund'ring on the shore. Strive by their discord to o'erpower his wail, Yet cannot, At the sound of battle loud, Uprose affrighted Morn, and flying pale, Hid her bright radiance in the rolling cloud. And when sad Even o'er the starry deep Moves with her silver second to the sky, Mingled, the white rose and the red rose sleep, And the twin banners by their bearers lie. Softly upon them falls the evening dew, The tears of heaven o'er war's rTlics. Death Moves through the darkness with his ghastly crew, And fans the dying with his horrid breath. ASPEN. DECAPITATION. 12.-" The sun was shining brightly "- Stay, I think that's rather stale. And nowadays you must have something novel in a tale. "The moon's resplendent beams shone down upon the sandy shore." Now, that's a fine line-yet I think I've seen it once before. " The lightning flashed, the thunder roared"- Here, dash it I that's played out. " Why, all the poets wrote that line I" I hear you fiercely shout. Well, how the deuce can I help that? If Byron, Pope. and Gray Were poets last myself, how can that be my fault-now, say? Next, hold your noise I'll write you something that you've never seen; A ballad full of pathos sad-in tearful strain, I mean. Er--" Tell me not in mournful numbers life's an empty dream, And the soul is dead, and-er-things are not what they seem." First, what d'yer think of- " What, youwretch Il" you all in chorus bellow. " Why, that's the ' Psalm of Life,' and written by the great Longfellow." Good graciousl Why, I could have sworn- Now, isn't that a bore? Who'd have thought that "fellow" had the same idea before P Well, first, I won't-I shan't-compose another blessed line. Why, ev'rything I chance to write turns out to be not mine I'll give up riddling-that I will. I mean it,-sir, I do; 'Cause what's the good of writing when there's not a subject new ? BAnxrr oni Bass. CENTRAL DELETION. 13.-They hold high primal in the hall Of Castle Raymond fair; The baronet has giv'n a ball In honour of his heir, W.ho on that day is twenty.one, A stalwart, strapping youth, And who has many a brave deed done In aid of right and truth. And many a lady fair that night (ives him a loving glance, To tempt him with her eyes so bright With her alone to dance. But, no; he stands aloof from all Until his cousin enters- The fiirest maiden in the hall; Attention on her centres. Young Hubert's head's soon bending low, With her he doth advance; The pipes strike up a next, and now He leads her to the dance. " As fine a pair," the old folks say, " As o'er we saw in life." And just a month that very day, They were made man and wife. SPOTSTROKE. Glasgow. MIONOPHONE. 14.-The poet must he happy indeed, For he rules a fair land of his own; He may wander by fountain or mead, Or may sit by the queen near the throne. He can cross the Atlantic, and bask In the sun of a western chme; And when he has finished his task, He is back in a moment ot time. He has horses and chariots in store, And armies arise at command, Which he sends first some far-distant shore, Or quartered at home lets them stand. He has arrows, last, sharp for his foes, And garlands his friendship to crown. Then, whatever the world may suppose, A poet's a man of renown. J. G. BaOOFInLaD, TR ANSPOSITION. 15.-My first is-atishoo l--oh, bother by cold I I speak through-atchew --by-atishoo --by dose. I next to rebart that-atishool-I'b told That-atchew I--that-atchew 1--agaid, well, here goes. That's better, add-oh, here I--atishoo I--agaid I beadt to-er-er-at-at.ishoo I--to say A-tish I-er-atishoo I--a word or two thed- Atishoo 1--atchew I-oh, I-some other day! Vurro.