RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NAIREATIVE DECAPITATION. tpem rst letter of ard,1 OvnR another word, expressed
An _ orning thrilled my heart, e.s magde the ready tear-drops start; Its pathos touched a tender chord. ,Twae bliss, yet pain, as if a sword gad touohed afresh aschraoe.healed spot, Which I would gladly have forgot; And made the future overcast With one bright pictue from the past: 'Twas sung by ,Lilian Dp. It breathed of hopes destroyed and lost, And, oh at what a bitter cost f aiu I yet mingled bitter-sweet With lover which once made life complete; And then It vanished into air, In one long echo of despai D. This song by Lilian D. But ere I reached the brighter end It ointed me towards a F'riend Who wipes away each falling tear, And banishes each doubt and fear; It bade me take my pen and raise A simple song of simple praise To gentle Lilian D. Has some harsh sorrow-touched your life, And filled your heart with pain and strife P Has love revealed itself in hate, And crushed yo 'neatih its bitter weight? Why did you sing so soft and sads When your young heart should but be glad, Our gentle Lili'n D. P Oh, Lilian, dream no more of this, Of long.lost hopes, and jos, and blies s God never did one hope efface Without bestowing in its place A dearer one, a brighter star, Which we can cherish better far Than lost ones, Lilian D. So let all vain regrets pass o'er: These hopn as-" Not lost, but gone before "- Are by a loving Father given To draw our spirits nearer heaven; And muse no longer on your pain, But seek for gladness once again, Our gentle Lilian D. NELLIS WATson, Cheshunt. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 2.-Dear Lilian, how pleased I was To see you kindly thought Of me, and great encouragement First friendly words have brought. Among the clever " Tourney" band I greatly wished to be ; I gained my wish, and, better still, A word of praise from thee. Though many miles last homes divide, Still unto thee I send Sincere good wishes, and I hope You'll have me for a friend. AGG IE CONQUEa. NARRATIVE BETAGR~AM. gi the second letter of a word to form another wordy ex- pressed in the narrative.) (To Claude Farncombe.) 3,-Awake, awake'l IIcome, I come, As the red sun sinking dies, With the soundof the pipe and the muffled drum, And the death.bird's piercing cries. I come, I come-let the hills resound, And the rocks be rent asunder; Let the trees fall lifelessito the ground, And the wild gale madly thudder. Oh, base is the heart that feels afraid At the voice of love or duty, And base is the knight that draws not blade For the sake of his sovereign's beauty. Up, gallant souls I Who cares for blows ? What reeks the odds or numbers ? The heart ne'er stoops to codnt its foes Where the soul of the soldier slumbers. And you, Sir Claude, I read your rhyme, Which made my life-blood ran; And as I read in pride I said, "Well done, Sir Claude I well done I" And here's my hand, through fair or foul, In clear or cloudy weather' With bridles slack and back to back, We'll fight the foe together. And those who choose their spears to break Against our sovereign's right, For Marion, good Queen Marion's sake, We'll slay the caitiff knights ; And charge them with our flaming swords, And tread the rascals under, And hew them down, and mow them down, While all the world will wonder. HEREWAID THE WAKE. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. hnge the firat two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (To Philander Mougg.) A-And so you've for the kingship started? Let that idea and you be parted, Philander, or Methinks you'll very quickly fire Each Tournamental riddler's ire, And!there'll be war. And if there's war, it goes sans saying That you will not do all the slaying, Nor yet be king; Usurpers here our knights allow not; To you, Philander, we shall bow not, So smaller sing. As Marion has fitly seen, sir, To crown Miss Nellie as our queen, sir, I'm thinking-that - What she has done yon'd best consent to, And thoughts rebellious not give vent to- You've got it fiat ! P. WTATr, Nottingham. LOGOGRIP. - ([ewoihlch may be treated as a metagran, denapitation, dle- lopennti"aaspoahlon, but leaves a perfect,word after eachb 5.-Who ranges in the riddling T:, Andwars his foes rhythmically-- A man of honour andrenown, Fighting for love and his queen'q crown F dow drop his head unto the ground. A time for rest and thoughtis faunA; Curtail, and then the end is near, And my last word to you is clear. - . W.A. Lakesxox, Poplar. VERBAL CRARADE. (A Word, each letterof which is:treated sep·aratelyj 6.-y rsfs isa k u ilark; y second's in part, buthotlin cart; - y thrd's airat, bimt ot iaodt.i , y. yfaourtj' 0t, not In mote; I y si , but not in'crank;. Iy uhol1,)llshb-makes a good dieh.,.'
(Dropthe lal letter oa word, leavin Ianotherword.): ;- ( 7.--Awake, my muse, though I have spurred thee'long In service of the Tournamental song; I drove-thee on when thou wouldst faiu havesstayed, And spared thee not when others have delayed. But that is past and gone; the present lies Within our grasp, and rich with many a prize; The treasures have been sought for in the'past, But some who once were first have now been last, And to these sluggards I would straightway send Remonstrance and a greeting from a friend. To whom should I the mild rebuke address, If not to him who once was Patrick S. P He may be now, but we can hardly tell From silence what occurrences befell. If want of speech is worth what people say, Then he should be a millionaire to-day. What shall I say, my Patrick, what shall we, To know if Patrick's Day may once more be? What shall we say to lirse you to the charms Of battle and the " joy of 'Tourney's' arms" P Shall I be silent, Queenie, when you are, Who once was of the many heard afar P Not so. I'll splash the ink and grind the pen, In hope of bringing you to them again. And shall Miss Boehmer not be heard of more, Who wrote with her bright sister songs galore ? 'Tis long, a very length that seems an age, Since thou last last appeared in this our page; And with a very dearth of cheerful song, I ask, " How long will it exist-how long ?" Now to another absent I commend The warmest wishes of a present friend; And shall we mourn our V. D. Taylor still, Whose pen had nothing if it had not skill ?- Skill to attract, retain, and to express The truest feelings that the thoughts confess. Strike now the lyre, and let us hear again The music that so long asleep has lain, To stir the distant, bid the slothful come And meet again in dear old Puzzledom. What shall I say to one who led the way In many a summer, many a winter day; Who cheered when failing, and when dumb appealed To those who at her feet in homage kneeled ? Yet she is silent now, and long has been, Though comers new appear upon the scene. Where is the welcome once so sweetly sent To those who shyly sought the " Tournament" ? Arise once more and let thy brilliance shine Around the spot where loving hearts combine. IvANrrO, Belfast. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the anal letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-Writing in the " blankest" manner, Came a poet from a distance, Craving entrance to the " Tourney" At the hand of every gallant. Spoke he sadly of his efforts, COtled his verses " maniac wailing," Bade us listen to his pleading, And extend to him a welcome Which should brighten up his spirit, And inspire him with new fervour. Spioke he of the Gorgon sisters, With their awful hands and dresses ; How they blighted hope and pleasure, Filling hearts with bitter sorrow. Did he think the " Tourney" maidens Were as bitterly resentful As those horrid, mystic creatures, With their strange ideas of pleasure? Did he think them stern Medusas, Who would spurn his best endeavours, And revile his earnest efforts To receive their marks of friendship ? Listen, then, 0 riddling warrior, Whom we christen " Holmes the Dnuntless," Though each gallant should deride thee, And deny thee all of welcome ; Though each maid should deem thee foolish, And declare thou hast no valour (And though this is most unlikely), Yet will I be one to aid thee, And in tones of warmest friendship Bid thee come and swell our number; Help us raise the song of triumph, Help us wave the golden banner, Till the music of the "Tourney" Shall in endless strains re-echo In one joyous burst of "Welcome" To our latest riddling brother I NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. CHARADES. (Formel on a word each syllable of which is a wRr.t.) 9.-The" obappie" was deeply in love ; To the,girl of his second he spake : "Oh, marry me soon, my dear; If you won't, my heart will break." The darling replied, with a smile, " Oh, Freddy, how silly you are ! As a whole you are awfully nice, But marriage it going too far. " Just think what a failure 'twould be When you are so minus of cash I Love may be first-we on it can't live ; So I will do nothing so rash." MAGGIE CONQUEn. 10.-This is what I'm writing now; To second with a knife is wrong, I trow; Last a little French word please indite; Brave 2whole is going out to-night, And when he gets upon his beat He hopes a burglar he will meet i F. E. HIND, Hull. 11.-My ilrst is a songster that soars on high; By horsemen is worn my second; My whole is a flower, you can't deny, Or else I have wrongly reckoned. WILD Bata, Lamplagh. ACROSTIC. i(A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 3.--The great king he who fondly thought To conquer Grecian States by might. An overwhelming host he brought Until the Grecians were in sight; Vain fool he was to think that he Could take from them their liberty I Cross Words. The supreme god of a mysterious race, Who in the past six thousand years can trace: This god is first, and through all the nation Is worshipped with fear and veneration. My second everlasting is, you'll see- Without beginning, without end 'twill be. This world is flat, not third, is said by some, But to such facts I never yet could come. A number I would bring unto your view, Though its numeral is wanted by you. Fifth ready for work makes little work, Though it grows tenfold it we it shirk. With taat to do it makes us all gay; a Jack is a dull boy if always at play." W. A. LAxesToN, Poplar. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 13.-I am of a musical note the name; Read baokwards or forwards I'm still the same. aLIBBERTIGIBBET.
NARRATIVE _METAGEAM.' change the first letter or a word to formsanother word,expresses ( in the narrative.) 14.-There's been a good deal:in the papers of late Concerning the habits of certain great men, But nothing whatever's appeared-up to date Regarding the undersigned knight of the pen. How I have been missed I can't even surmise ; However, without any further debating, I'll now, without scruple, expose to your eyes All that for which doubtless you're anxiously waitidfg. Oh, yes, without further debating, tra-la, Ion shall know all for what you are waiting. I'llbegin by remarking my hair isn't long, Although I'm a poet-a clever one, too; And if you imagine I've whiskers, you're wrong ; And I've not a moustache, and my optics are blue. And I don't sit and write in a cold, draughty attic, As some folks appear to think all poets must, Because I'm not partial to twitohings rheumatic, And chimney-pot scenery, bad air and dust. I don't care to sit in an attic, tra-la, And thus bring on twitchinge rheumatic I A sentence to paper I never commit Until I can say off by heart ev'ry particle; Then, and not till then, I in a chair sit, And straightway write off all my poem or article. I have tried many systems, but this licks the rest, Because, when I'm riding on top of a tram I can spin out a riddle to rank with the best- It really don't matter wherever I am. Oh, when I'mon top of a tram, tra-la-la, I then in my element am I And now, my dear readers, I hope you'll prepare For several shocks: I attend the theatre Whenever there's op'ra, my favourite fare; But, oh I in the summer I like nothing better Than to stroll by the Trent and lie down like an ass- Or, as some vulgar people would term it, a " moke "- In some nice, pretty spot, at full length on the grass, And dozily, cosily, dreamily smoke. Yes, lie on the grass like a " moke," tra-la-la, And dozily, cosily smoke I P. WrATr, Nottingham. METAGRAMS. (Ohanse the first letter of a word to form another wor t.) 15.-My uncle was a victim to that terrible disease, First known as kleptomania in pathology; The way he lifted articles with most consummate ease Would scare the chronographer of chronology. He took away my father's spoons, and every fork and knife, He took away a big galvanic battery; And he nearly took away our next-door neighbour's wife (Forgetting she was wedded) with his flattery I How long he would have suffered from this painful malady Would tax the sages of our Universities; But he took a fatal trouble, and it took last breath away- A victim to Dame Nature's keen adversities. Dear me, friend Eh. I really fear You're verily veracious ; You're " turnip" is, it would appear, Abnormally capacious. But, oh my friend, take heed-repent, And crams eschew exclusively; Remember that a life thus spent Is apt to end delusively. En AND W L. LMILLER. 16.-My pater's a sister, not one point like him in- One of those unamiable, strong-minded women; She despises (perhaps I should nouw say " despised ") Those mild qualities which in most women are prized; In fact, she's a blue, And to speak strictly true, She's not very popular-that's a fact, too. One evening-it happened with us she was staying- At her sex's small weaknesses wildly inveighing, She rose to her feet in the warmth of debate, And pressing her hand on her learning-crammed pate, She cried, " Nerves are bosh I And I'd like down to dash The thoughts of a woman who owns to such trash 1" Just then in her eye gleamed a horror outrageous ('Twas strange in a female so very courageous) ; With a scream that did first all the nexs, I declare, She points to the ground 'neath my father's armchair, And with screams might be heard At New York, on my word, She cries with wild horror, " A third ! oh, a third !" MonAL. Dear ladies don't aim to be more than you're meant to (You see what rank folly my poor old aunt went to); Be what Nature made you-kind, loving, and sweet, And don't try to stand upon masculine feet. Such a plan, when you do it, You're certain to rue it, For some little thing will pop up and undo it. DIANA. 17.-My first's an ugly reptile That crawls upon the ground; If you now rightly change its head A burden you'll have found, J. H. Vz .lr, Croydon. NARRATIVE META-DOUBLE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and two last letters of a word to form another word. expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to P. Wyatt, Nottingham.) 18.--Samuel Brown Snug in bed; Hard day's work, Aching head. Cats without Howl and fight; Brown within Swears with might. Discovers brick, "Gently does it;" Opens window, At 'em throws it. Brown's delight, Cats retire ; Human screams, "Oh, Mariah I" Tired policeman On his beat, Mouching slowly Down the street. Something hits him Cleau and neat, Sends him flying Off his feet. " Murder I murder l" People come; "Jack the Bipper I" Yells ount some. Samuel Brown In a cell; The reason why I need not tell. O. FARNCOIna, Brighton. HIDDEN FISHES. 19.--Ellen kept her ring in a very safe place. She so learnt her lesson to-day that I gave her a prize. Joe learns by the elementary system now. Willie's almonds have made him sibk ; he ate such a lot. The hamper Christie got from his mother he shared among his school. ftellows,-A. T. Howas, London.
SME TA OMEG RAiM (Ohange the first and last letters of a word to form anotheiWrrd i 20.-In marsh fields all sunken and sodden By deluge of wintery rain, By snow-lined escarpments untrodden O'er sweeps of wide meadow and plain; 'Neath branches all mournfully dripping, Where young last despairingly cling, Appears, in her light garments tripping, Our Lady of Spring,. - She is pale, and her eyes do not brighten As those that we know in our dreams; She has-not the life we delight in- We sun ourselves not in her beams; Yet here, where the mead ib a spaceful Of life, which the gusty 'winds bring, She smiles and is winsome and graceful, Our Lady of Spring. The tempests of winter that weaken The frosts of the keen-edged air Have chased all the beauties we seek in The maid who is pictured so fair; -But Winter his power must surrender, And flee on tempestuous wing; While earth hails her,.fragile and tender, Our Lady of Spring. March ends. In the coming of April The world is a smile and a tear; Rush, rivers, away, and escape, rill- The winds of the Springing are here; The wine of the new life is flowing, No asp 'neath the pleasure to sting, And in her cheek ruddy health glowing- Our Lady of Spring. She is queen, and the earth holds her sceptreS She is mighty-her power is abroad ; . From woods,where the hidden says kept her Secure from the wintery god, To the mountain-a purple-capped summit- Bird-minstrels her life's glory sing; Yet who knows thy heart-who may plumb it P-- Our Lady of Spring. Her step every green sod enriches With gems of the starry-eyed flowers; She is coy, and her beauty bewitches, Her tears are the sun.strained showers. Where boughs lattice-work interlaces, A spot like a fairy's charmed ring, She dwells with her court of flower-faces, Our Lady of Spring. The flashing-winged swallow her slave is- Her herald from places remote; Her poet the music-souled mavis, Whose thoughts on the hollow night float; And gossamer veiled in the dawning, When larks in their air-cradles swing, For thy noon are the young leaves an awning, Our Lady of Spring. Oh, tender-orbed beauty, Love's torches Are lit at the fire of thine eyes; Of primal thy dwelling the porch is, Thy touch like the breathing of sighs. Time blights with a ruthless endeavour, And change of our kingdom is king; But thou-thou art once and for ever Our Lady of Spring. IVAJaoE, Belfast. ARITHMOREM. (An aorostio. Theletters of ross words that are Roman numerals expressed in Sgnres.l Foundation Word. SL--" Primal, my love," the sailor said To his sweetheart on the quay; "When I a'm far upon the waves Wilt thou, dear, think of me P" Cross Words. 100 and nefar A country gay. 51 ,, arp A month, you'll say. 101 ,, ohosrenr This animal is queer. 550 ,, nagen Another country is here. 151 ,, howow A town well known. 50 ,, peenaht Another animal is shown. 1,050 ,, payer An uncommon fish. 150 ku To have last I wish. F. E. HIND, Hull. ZOLOPHONE. (A word, first expressed wholly the letters of which are used alternsrely; then again alternately beginning with the asecond letter. iBxample: Whole waord, stained; first alter' nate, sand; second alternate. tie.) Whole Worod. 22.-This is a Christian name, And one well up in fame. First Alternate. This means excitedness I've heard; Thyee letters spell this simple word. Second Alternate. A palindromic name restore; Never late, but it means before. C. F. Bracxsux. ENIGMA. 23.-Now list unto me: I'm a comical wight, Always wand'ring away, both by day and by night; And at running I'll wager I beat any man, Though I can't boast of legs, as humanity can; Still I often fall down and give vent to loud cries, But again I rush on without stopping to rise; And though I do this all the livelong year through, I'm confined to my bed, I declare unto you. I've a head that is large, but no ears and no eyes, And a mouth that is still more enormous in size; So now, gentle reader, consider me well, And my name I am certain you'll very soon tell. Es., GmMIDGme. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-Why is a harmonious sound like string ? 2.-Why is a company of singers like twenty.four sheets of paper P 3.-Why is a blood-vessel like a weathercock. 4.-If a father were to pinch his little boy, what vege- table would it resemble ? 5.-Why is a sailor like summer - AxswEas.-1. Because it is accord. 2. Because it '. constitutes a choir. 3. Because it is a vein. 4. Pars-nip. 5. Because he is a sea-son (season).