FIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
.Aimigbty conqueror, thou who hast Dominlion o'er this world, which for a space fball yield thee honmage, and whose mountains vast . Thy mandate bath, full power to deface, Or mar the stablest of the human race, All, all shall feel the might of thy decree, And quail before the fuluess of thy face; Thy veil withdrawn, mortality shall see ad own the awful powers of thy majesty. Thon viewest all things with thine Argus eye, All that the world athn borne or e'er will bear; Thou pryest through the veils of destiny And hearest things no mortal ear may hear. Invisible thou art, though thou may'st wear The dazzling sheen of the immortal light, And spread by day thy garments far and near, Or robe thyself in folds of murky night, So swift thy course no mortal eye may ken thy flight. The rolling days, the seasons, months, and years, Are all thy spawn, inhaling life from thee; Whate'er within thy temporal realm appears Rust be chasti-ed by thy diviuity. E'en I ha'e striven for the mastery; Head, heart, and hand have warred, yet all in vain; There never yet hath been, and ne'er will be, Such that thou shalt not trample with disdain, gsve Ie whose hand controls thee and the e; atig main. LUCCElUS, Claughton. NARRATIVE METAGRAMIS. e irst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) (A parody: with apologies to "My Uncle.") -I had an uncle once-I don't know what his age might be, uthe was very active, and his business eyes could see hat's gold, and what is silver-and he charged a modest fee. ewas a man of gloomy mood, and conversed through his nose; He dealt in massive jewelry, and sometimes bought old clothes ; ad what he found in pockets he returned free, I suppose. here was not one in all the town that did not fear his frown; He carried much respect and haughtiness whilst in the gown In which he served his customers, and would not "bate " one crown. I was an orphan, proud and poor; my father was his brother ; And all their lives I didn't know but they fondly loved each other. One thing I know: my uncle bought the picture of my mother. There was a curtain over it, 'twas in a darkened place; But probably the cleaners were restoring it-those base And villainous nsurper s, who would push me in disgrace, One night, I do remember well, the wind was howling high, And gained the muttered curses of my uncle sitting by: "Come hither, boyl" he shouted, and I hastened to comply. "'Twas such a night as this," he bawled, " when I was in my shop, And next me was a sandwich, and in a glass a drop Of .something hot, my nephew-but it was not ilittars flop1- 1\ "That on a sunuen enterea some one, and he was in haste Then he showed me some choice diamonds, which were beautifully chased- Bat I was greedy, and I threw them down and muttered 'Paste l' "'Oh, give me something,' said the man; I said, ' But five pounds ten.' 'Let's have it, sir.' he pleaded; and I gave to him a pen- 'A contract? I exclaimed, 'oh, most ambitious of all men ' "Ha .igned the pledge! this pawner, and I thought he was a fool, And chuckled o'er my--cofce, as I tried them with a tool, And then I ate my sandwich, and I tried to make me cool. "Bat once again the door opened, e'en while I ate mine foods, hnd two police inspectors, with two frowns and winter hoods, Came iu, and then I heard two words, and they were 'Stolen goods 1' " S. DE BEAR. 3.-Dear Miss Mervyn, I have come, Love and friendship blending, From the city's ceaseless hum, Welcome wide extending. Grait me one thing-grant me this Ere my spirits waver: Tell me, would it seem amiss If I asked a favour P For through all this long, long time I have passed unsmitten, Till I saw your pleasant rhyme In the "Tourney" written. There and then it came to me Like a peal of thunderl Said I, " Will she let me be Her good knight, I wonder ?" i'or, bliss Mervyn, should you stray Where the battle rages, You will surely lose your way In the "Tourney " pages. Therefore, as you climb alone Up the pathway thorny, I would wish to be your own Champion of the " Tourney."' And, although my muse is poor, Having lain and rusted, You will find me true, I'm sure, If I'm only trusted. So upon you I'll depend; Treat me not too naively; Only let me be your friend, And I'll serve you bravely. Toss, Llangollen. 4.--A long and level stretch of sand- King Neptune's undisputed ground- A sea which never swept to land More gently or with softer sound. The poet sea I the sea whose song Through all eternity is heard; The sea that through all ages long So many a poet-har~t has stirred! O sea! what memories you bring Of childhood days, when first down here We h,-ard thy great pulse throb, and fling Its billowy music far and nearl Ye angry set ! whise cower is felt By those who on thy brrast must live, Tl'hy waves upliftoed often molt, And in grand tones sweet music give. GrYsIe ASD FAhRin, Killn -ny.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop two lotters fbm a word t Itfrin ano.her word,exprossed in the narratih .)i 5.--Winer skies ant winter days, Win er joys ant winter ways, And sadly sit and sigh For he days th:bt swl tly fly, Full of pleasure as of light, Whei the sua was at its heifgh: Goldle summer days ar." past, And :hear a wintry blast Holdits orgies where we knew Airs tuat blessed where'er they blew. Then tg be where ocean ran In its "set uncertain spau, Wberett., pleasure chased the day, And i1u0mg knew no delay; Shoeeof wa ns, and vpell of sea, Notecof ocean minustrelsy; Shadtwy form of twilight made, Stillrness filhlng dell and glade, Nigh of woeder, day of wealth, Glowaig pulse and growing health. Glittiring teach all splendour strewn In hit anumiler afternoon ; Twili,ht fires when darkness made On tb, hills a suddnu rLid ; Starry lamps in glom authung In thl great teorial swung, Whet to roam was endles-s change 'Mid (clights of oce:an's range, Whet to know swpct idcuess Was ,he thoughts we could express. Nigi of glamour, day of bliss, Eac) uneurtatu, shadowy is; Sunharr joys have not the hue The confessed when fresh and new; But the whole remainjs a part Of 1ta once beholding heart. udln:tuorv loses ail ditail, 1Buttno celnre thoughts prevail, Ant the scen.s in fucare lmay Face, but cannot pass away. ivAseor, Belfast. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a lottoerom the contra of a word to form anollher.) 6.-Apostrophe, riddling friend, To ygo my best wish,-s I scud; I'lease :ccept a good shake of the hand Fron a true riddling friend. It fillsme o'erflowig with glee, To trite with another gay bard, And oin with the knights of the " T." I inoude all the maidens as well, W.ose effnsions I've read fl,,lt and o'er; Then are Queenie, gay IMarion, and N,11, Aul Diana to make up the fonr. Andthe knights-I can't mention them all- N':t I'll do it soime orher spare time; I wecome dear A6 ie if Cardiff Utto tuis " T. urna ueat " rhyme; Then with Amy anu lary we'll be As nerry as birds ill the tree. Dear Will, I have pondered for weeks, lay, monnths, I may truthfully say, I lave pondered and wondered, wandered and blun- dered, "hrough the mire of your sweet rhyming way. I lave wasted a ream of " best blue," lund splattered away quarts of ink, Y:t still I'm as far fromu giving its due To your wonderful rhyming, I think. Tagrue with the liaise you bestow on this page, And echo your sentiments rare; 'he maidens you name. are indeed all the rage, And deservedly so, I'm aware. W. L. MaILLE AND APOsTrorPE. YARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a liter from the centre of a wor I clhoe:n, leaving another word, expressed in the narr ttive.) (In answer to Scincider and Broad Arrow.) 7.--iy friends, I am surprised that you Should deem my name so hard to find; on act as potent spirits do, That burn the heart and fog the mind. lm not bald-lieaded, and I ,e, ite A hand that's handy, and not poor; lans are ,eyond my te bio might, And might be what I don't adore. 'JTo say more, Tie compliment you would convey 3y t, , ng notice of my verse, Lever m. ., pleasant dent to pay, Vl"iuh t am proud to reimburse. Thtfun a: of brimstone may disperse, Aid demons leave you solitary ; But though one's fate could not be worse, Thai self and soul in fire t' immerse, I'1 be your faithful comrade, very; Whch means I may be one to seek, Snime day, the bourne where you have flown; And'then my verse nmay claim, each week, 'Tiat flavour H:ades gives its own. Be it known That C. T. P., The black Prince, and O. K. Are me; and lie come, forth as this to-day- 'THE linAU'TIFUL. POET, lIanlchester. DELETION. (Dropal ettetfrom tile word chosen, leaving another word.) 8,-Oh,first are the gay country dances Thit of ctimes have given us joy, When each gay and light-footed colleen Would gaily it trip with her boy P Oh, those neat the times we were happy, Er, the waltz supplanted the jig; Of their polkas, quadrilles, and lancers, Not one of them is worth a fig. T. WARD, Dublin. 1.:ITRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the flnai lower of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 9.-Oh, I wance was an elegant fellow, Though I'm now baut au ugly spalpeen, Wid a face like a Chaneyman's, yellow, An' the whites of me eyes they are green. I've got teeth like the pins of a harrow, Wan eye j',st the size of a pae ; Troth, me msuth it would hould a wheelbarrow; That's the raison I've so much to say. Mye feet much resimble a shutter, Sure, thefre flat, like the county of Lonth; An' I spako wid an eleganut shrutter, Since O eilly performed on me mouth. I go; I have reached the conclusion Of me chan'ms, and likewise me tale; So ye'll pardon, I hope, the uintrusion of yer humble friend, Larry iM'Hale. SuansFELD, Limerick. PALINDROME. (IA word lwhi'h read baclkwards or forw tra is still the same.) 10.-Go back two hundred years ago, W\here cannon loud -id r ittle, Ana 'h .,e I stand with sturdy foe, A figh:cr'in tie b:hattie. I los;, niy ':yesight from a dart, In Handan's hand mtads -eady. A gne't,:('s naLlue I nOw i'i rt; lInt lS neme onlt qit " A dy. lrnc:' gsL. erti0r.,.
NIARATIVE TRINOGRAJM. (Uhange the third letter of a world to frm another word in the narra lye. only words romposed if s)x letters and upwards are eligible.) (Advice to Ye Riddlers.) 11.-The knights of the "Tourney" have oft been as- tonished By mighty assertions proclaimed in the " T.," And the authors have finally been much admonished By riddlers who sail on the "Tournament" sea. Now, one may have made an astounding disclosure, Asserting that " B." was none o her than " A."; But those he alluded to oft have exposure Avoided in somewhat unchivalroas way. Give ear to advice emauati g from Christo- Oh, think o'er his words as you would o'er a theme; If you don't understand them, then write to Mepaisto- He'll explain to you just what they happen to mnau. Perchance you'll confess that the favour I ask you Is hard, but it's only to put you to test: If a riddler endeavours some day to unmask you, Don't try to get angry, but answer his quest. All particulars must in your con. he inserted; In answer please say if you're wicked or good, And whether at school you were often inverted, Or sometimes mistaken by teachers for wood. Tell him if your mater was ofoen addicted To put you on rations decidedly weak; And whether to " lollipops " you were restricted- Oh, say if to girls she allowed you to speak. Give all these particulars, then I assure you ' That seldom he ever will troub,e agatu; But if in the future attcniple h., To hore you, Then crush him for e'er in a comni rcjaimn. Loun, o1uTr Cu:ISTo, Hades. NARRATIVE TRHIO ,ALI. (Ohange the first three letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the na3:at:i\ e.i 12.-" What look ye for, children ?" a kind fairy said To three little strangers, two boys and a ciri. " What seek ye, my children? What hither has led Two lads, and a lasoie as fair as a pearl, To the woodland haunts of the fairies ?" The two lads looked stupid and gave not replies, Their thumbs in their mouths, and their caps o'er their eyes; But up spoke the pert little maiden, and cried, " We're hide-and-seek playing, and 'tis my turn to hide, Though we set out to gather sweet posies I" The fairy was silent, then bade them good day, And wished them enjoyment and fun in their play; So when they grew tired andi their gambols were done, And twilight had shrouded the far-setting sun, A message was found from the fu.ry. A great bunch of posies, the rarest, most plain, Found they where their garments unheeded had lain; The young folks went home quite as glad us a bell, They'd got rosy cheeks and tul posies as well, Through the forethounht and love of the fairy. AxY DENNY AND VIOLET DAVIES. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first andi last letters of a word to form another word, explreused lI tihl rtisrI'rLiVe.) (To the " Tourney's" new arri-outs ron, the " gallant little Sla les.") 13.--Bards of Cambria, halil ! We greot thee: Joyous are our hearts to meet thee, With our bravest knights we'll ceat thee- Bards of bonnuy Wales ! Tell in rhythmic story Tales of fight and foray, Of actions bold, In days of old, In times of Cambria's glory. By thy music music waking, Ev'ry knight a brother making, Proffered hands of friendship taking: Bards of bonny Wa esl A minstrel maiden, too, comas singing, Music from the mountains bringing, Sweetly in our ears 'tis ringing: Minstrel maid of Wales ! Sing of winsome misses, Sing of lore and kisses, In vrses bright, So soft and light, To hear thee perfect bliss is. Lady fair, we pray thee hear us, Let thy voice be over near us, Sing, thy melody doth cheer us: Minstrel maid of \Vales I Jo-Klir, Lambeth. NARRATIVE DUA-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first two and last letter but one of a word to form an,,tlier word, oxeressed in the narratiive. (With apologies to "The Milkado.") 14.-I fain would endeavour to sing, Tra.la, Some wonderful thoughts to combine, And would let my conception take wing, Tra-la, What happiness bright it would bring! But will it, oh I ever be mine ? Although I've produced what is not quite the thing, A soul-stirring lyric to " beautiful Spring," Tra-la-lan-la-la, tla.ih-la.la-la, A lyric to " beautif ul Spring." My muse I would let have its sing, Tra-la, But this, alas ! can't be the case; My voice 1 would merrily ring, Tra-la, Had I but the worth of Jo-King, Tra-la, But here somewhat feel out of place. And that's why I still am essaying to sing Of less ancient subjects than " beautiful Spring," Tra-la.la-la.la, tra-la-la.la-la, Less ancient than " beautiful Spring." J. STocKs. META-PRECE.OMEGRAM, (Change the first letter and last but one of a word, to form another word.) 15.-Immortal spirit I chainless mind! A destiny for thee I weave- A destiny in first entwined- 'Tis such, believe; We shall live, and we s, all sorrdwv, And we shall die, and be at rest; And when we see the budding morrow, Say, " Although we last, 'tis best, Oh, bles.ed to die I" K. M. S. O'NEILL AiD A. R. ST. tTCut. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the frat two letters of a wv.rd tb form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 1.--The bump of curiosity in me is very strong, Indeed, it's quite abnorumally developed; And when a bruid-new noe; d plum n appeared amongst our throng, I alwvays wished to know whom it enveloped. Cothurnus now has raised this bump to such a startling height That really it's becomoing quite alarming; Wno is this gallant riddler who such splendid verse dii.th w ite, Whose manner is so gcaceful and so ch.,nmiog ? CLAIIt.E Al.) CECIL, B.elfutd. CONU.b"IU:.E. 17.--When can an bic!,he t ,h .ial to w:': .r: t-¶ scope P~ - H. Cog.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transeosed, and form another word In the unrr.etive.) 18.-Dear Ed., our kind parents have given consent That a very short note we may write To say they consid, r that time is welt spent In reading your paper so magnificent- Its stories are wondrously bright. They read the short stories with infinite zest, And welcome each bright, merry lay; And often they say 'tis the choicent and best, For all that is tender and grand is posseUsed To adorn its dear pages to-day. Your grand illustrations they also enjoy, The finish of which does amaze; Of artists the best they are sure you employ, And none of your tales can the prudish annoy In suggestion, or finish, or phrase. Here's hoping our Ed. will live ever so long, And our dear Y. F'. P. do the same; We're sure all its readers will say 'tiea lrs-lon; But now we must finish off ,ur little soug, And each of us sign here his name. SrNsrAx AND DnYDoa. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to for: anotlher word, ax- pressed in the niarrativte.; 19.-In a lovely country glade I once met a pretty maid Who wou my ileirt completely, You must know; And she wore a lihttle bonnot With a bunch of roses on it, And'tweas tied beneath her chin In a bow. I approached her with a smile As she sat upon the stile, For love illumed my soul with Lu trous ray; And I spoke of lore and pleasure, And the future joy and measure, But with a smile she quickly Turned away. But again inspired by love In the pleasant summer grove, I pressed her tiuy hand and spoke again: And I said, " A great emotln Makes my breast heave like the ocean; To make of ~uu my wife, love, I would fain." Then she calmly turned and said, "'Tis against the law to wed In this country with a woman Who's a wife; So, my friend, take my advice, And be off in half a trice, Or my husbaud will be sure to Take your life." J. LEoGu AND W. E. CULt. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters o: otlior words.) Foundalion iWord. 20.-I often have read of our travellers fanimd, And wished to be one of the throng; I really must own-of the fact I'um aIhamled They're seldom extolled in a song. So it is my intention, as now I announce, To siug of a traveller old; His name, you will own, is not hard to pronounuce, Or Ihis deeds very often extolled. He travelled in lands that to us were unknowun, For his country he sacrificed much; I'm sure you'll exclaim, when the priamuls are shown, "A-h, were all our travellers such l" Cross Words. Perchance you will own when this verso you'rve s Lri ed Thathy doctors this instrument surely is used. A poem for second descry, 'Tis pretty, I wish to imply; This word to obtain you will try. A goddess of beauty in history famed, And also a planet you'll find I have named. This word i proclaim Is the popular name Of a riddler well known in the "T."H He prettily sings Of original tiings; Oh, few are so clever as he. That sith was used to write this con. I'm sure we shall agree upon. The cross word here wanting, I venture to say, Is not very hard to obtain; By thinking profoundly (as some of you may) A masculine name you will gainm. A very youthful knight, Well known in "Tourney" fight. I hope you'll not worry, or he in it hurry To get a solution noxt quick; Don't heartles'ly scurry, implatiently flurry, Or soon in the middle you'll stick. And now my nidhit, 'tween you and me, A poem's name will surely be. My tenth will portray, if by you it is sought, The place where a battle so famous was fought, My si,th is worn out, so I'll lust this effusion; Perchance you rejoice that i've come to conclusion. E. GEoGn;, London.