RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL ADDITIONS. ,Iaaletter to the centre of a word to make another.)
I 2Io the bosky depths of a lonely wood, A towering granite castle stood ; Its walls, uprising through primal grey, Were visible seven leagues away. Within, a terrible giant dwelt, Whose power the neighoouring country felt; Be went by the name of Giant Trouble, And his shadow, so some averred, fell double, Two woodmen each his lone abode Bad fixed by the forest boundary road; And holding the wooded haunts in dread, Still turned where the path of duty led. Staunch and firm of heart was one, In manly courage surpassed by none; Blithe in spirit, his cheery song Would fleet the hours of toil along. For" What can it profit me now to fret At the unformed phantoms my fears beget ? When the monster maketh approach," quoth he, "Then will the time of trial be." The other was fearsome, faint at heart- The forest murmurs would make him start; Each clump he fancied the giant grim; Each shadow he fancied belonged to him. E'en at home he was ill at ease- Strange footfalls passed in the twilight breeze ; Strange voices rose when the night-winds fled, And fretted his heart with o'erhanging dread. At length, exploring a lonely spot, Seeking, yet hoping to find him not, lie met with his long-expected foe, And strove his utmost to lay him low. But previous quakings had sapped his might, And, weary and worn, he was put'to flight. Oft in the course of after years He met the author of all his fears ; Till, always beaten, he failed in strength, And died in his enemy's grasp at length. The merry woodman pursued his way With toil and song, till, one closing day, A shadow into the next was cast, And Trouble over his threshold passed. All through the night the monster strove His universal power to prove, And racked his victim with anguish sore, Till daylight dawned, and his hour was o'er; Then gathering up his robe of gloom, He slowly turned from the lonely room. The woodman rose, and with gladness found The morning sunbeams stretched all around. Rejoiced that the foe in truth was gone, He soon recovered his cheery tone ; And ne'er by that shadow again o'ercast, His life in content and joy was passed. AMY BOEsaMEn, Ealing. 1,-The gallant Curtius took the daring leap irst his loved townsmen should but live to weep. Into th' abyss lie plunged, his land to save, Aui for his country found a darksome grave. I'm called to no such sacrifice by fate, And yet I've undergone afflictions great, Not for my country, but for YoLung Folks Paper. I've burned till one o'clock my midnight taper; I're plunged (at next my cons.) into the abyss (si the waste paper basket (smile at this) ; Jay manslscripts have caused Ed.'s fire to roar; I'llquocte from F. G. Webb one line, no more: "And yet I'm just as far off as before." PaTnRCK S., Belfast. CHARADES. (Formea ona eword eaolh syllable otf which ii a word.) I.-" You wicked first," cried Mrs. Delf, "I do not know what I shall do; Whate'er I leave on board or shelf, It dlways comes the same to you. The meat, the fish, the poultry, all Do suffer when I turn my back; I'm sure for it there is no call, For of good food you have no lack." "Well, text to that," first did reply, "You speak the truth, which is most meet; Buat there are many such as I, Who think things stolen are most sweet." Then Mrs. Delf shoo-shooed and yelled, And at first's head did throw a broom ; First, with her final tightly held, Then scampered quickly from the room. Poor Mrs. Delf with all her might Now followed-gained the kitchen door- A pail she had forgotten quite Then brought her down unto the floor. The butler, running out to see, Fell over Mrs. Delf, and then His shouts brought up the housemaids three, The cook, the scullery-maid, and Ben The page, who, when he saw the scene Did grin at it in great delight; Said, " What a whole there here has been I" Then, 'neath his breath, " It sarves 'em right." TINer. T bee when seeking flowers' sweets is heralded by ir is mp rs t, you here must own; you look for his approacn, dhow thate by the sound he's near, although you a feis act of plundering, nor where he does encroach. end's in our esr, and with the army, you will find, sthrck by those who boast their skill to knock it on often hear each blow resound when borne upon the deal likewise borne with them when following their ts0omlined, ,you'd never care to listen to the same, etratea thus -ou'll find that they a foolish fellow J. TnRIMnEY. i.lly first's a well.known cruel rogue, Wsho lives by deeds of fraud ; DSy scoed's often on your hand When you would walk abroad. 1Ipy rlole may frequently be found en felds where beauties bloom around. W. H. C. AND C. D. Drth CURTAILMENTS. teithe al letter' of a word, leavinu another word.) 6"B ere, first a last, and do be quick," I heard a youngster say, te was walking down the street Upon my homeward way. M. RAw. -~What meaneth cunning my first will be; Curtl, and then to a certainty, Woere cannon roar and bullets fly, vou ery soon will last descry. a R. WmTwonTH, Milnrow, ere~ are the last 7" the captain cried Tre tial the lubber one on shore ?" r Tbe gone to irst," the nsate replied; 51eS mean to tread this deck no more." '5 this little con. I think that not one tIfy55 smart riddlurs will he operplee' m'iarst out flatter, but show you the matter, lesatis(Iakard an4 so is sisal. U. FOsTERa
DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-Life is too short for us to sit And sigh o'er that which "might have been;" Shades o'er the sky of life will flit- Clouds sometimes gloom the fairest scene, But still sunlight gleams through the rift, Of clouds on those who do nor, bow To Care, and their heads proudly lift: Life is too short for woe. Life is a span-we come, we live- Each has his given share of pain; None are exempt, but hope will give New joys to those who spurn the chain. Sighs will not mend the broken hours, Sighs will tot bring back springtide's glow; Wake, then, from grief-there still be flow'rs- Life is too short for woe. We have no time to first of yore- Of sunny hours which were so sweet A little while, and all is o'er, Beneath the shadow of Time's feet I But in our working-time we may Leave golden grain where'er we go, Which will outlive our little day: Life is too short for woe. Then let the next of life's sunshine Gild aye your path where'er you tread; N.) cankering care shall e'er be mine, Whatever clouds loom o'er my head. I'll smile at every rebuff, Of Destiny no tear I'll show; Why sit and sigh that storms be rough ?- Life is too short for woe. JENNIE ARTItUR. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 11.-The poet's seat is vacant, all forsaken is his den, His foolscap shows no inky stain, and idle lies his pen ; His broad-brimmed hat hangs on a peg, a tattered gown beneath, And, yes, ye gods ! there from ahook depends a withered wreath. The spiders (for tradition says they once inspired a king) First surely by their numbers should sweet perseverance bring. But where is he, our final? no ecstatic lay we hear, No witty joke our fancy charms, no plaint draws forth a tear; No " what's a rhyme to 'silver' chaps ?" is heard. No; silence deep Reigns now where erstwhile Musa dwelt. Say, does our hero sleep ? Oh, does he sleep, or is he ill? that he from hence should stray, Or, awful thought, did spirits come and spirit him away ? Speak, shadows, for you can, and end the anguish of our souls. List ! comes this answer through the gloom : " He's gone to fetch some coals !" AGONISTES. METAG RAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-Did you e'er endeavour To write something clever For this page of our journal so bright ? With a headache sit toilin.g, And much prinsal spoiling With your writing far into the night ? Have you looked with a glaroe, And felt quite in despair, When you found that your cons. were declined ? Did it make you feel bad- Very angry or sad, Just to find yourself thus left behind ? Did you e'er do a last When the Editor passed Your cons. for some future insertion ? Did you feel very gay, And unto yourself say, " At last I'm repaid for exertion" ? F. ALLIDON, London. NARRATIVE OMlEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 13.-Oh, Joe, he was a fisherman- A fisherman bold was he; And day and night the perils he braved Of the merry, deep blue sea. His ship, the Seagull, was firm and staun ch, And could meet the fiercest gale; And well I know 'twas as good a ship As ever yet did sail. When the sea was calm, oh, sweet his life, And merry the time flew past; But when the angry billows rolled, He fought with the stormy blast. He looked with eager, longing eyes For beacon lights on the shore; Full well he knew when they shone forth His toil was nearly o'er. O ye who fear the merry wave, And stay upon the land; O ye who dwell in houses great, With money at command, However powerful ye may be, And wealthy, yet I know That you're not envied in the least By happy Fisherman Joe. CANUTE EtLL DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. letaving another word.) 14.-By the firelight's ruddy glow, A pretty maid sat first to sewt; A shirt it was she had in hand- 'Twas finished, save the collar-band. A knock now at the door was heard. "Some visitor," she thought; " absurd To come at such an hour as this." She opened now the door-oh, bliss I 'Twas young John Smith, her next lost love, Whom she had thought in heaven above. " Oh, joy I" she cried; "I deemed thee dead;" And on his shoulder leaned her head. His shoulder, it was icy cold, So was his arm which her did fold; His eye, too, glittered cold as steel- An icy chill she 'ganu to feel. She raised her head and looked him through, And said, " Oh, John, can this be you i IHe naught replied, save with a stare, Which chilled her with its icy glare. The window he now opened wide, And wailing loud, he jumped outside. " Good lor !" the maiden said, and screamed, And waking, knew she had but dreamed. E. J. T. R. 15.-If you are first, you soon will solve this con.- About that fact you need not have much doubt, sir; For it's indeed a very simple one, As when you read it through you will make out, sir. Iy ext a kind of instrument will be, It is a part of every machine, sir; Without its useful aid, I fear that we Could never do much of our work, I ween, sir. W. F. NOLANw, Clotmel. 16.-A word of meaning "desolate" If you will please boheal, A word which doth mean to " bring up " Will then be seen instead Then just once more decapitate, ly last is found upon yolr pate. DEafnwraNQee
ENIGMAS. 17.--In hundreds you will find me at each college, In schools and churches.I am always found; I scatter everywhere the seeds of knowledge, And in all seats of learning I abound. I speak of goodness, make you think of evil, All shades of vice I vividly portray; I've been the cause of many a grim upheaval, And yet I preach sweet peace by night and day. I sink man's soul to deepest degradation, I also elevate to heights sublime; The geniuses of every land and nation Have 1 iboured to produce me from all time. I scan the lives of great men, dead and living, Condemn their vices, and their virtue. praise; Much time to knotty problems I am giving, And arguments on every subject raise. All languages and toneues by me are spoken, Inestimable is my value, too; And of your wealth of mind 'twill he a token, If I'm well known to every one of you. That man and nation's richest who possesses The truest understanding of my aim; And who by force my influence suppresses Deserves none other than a tyrant's name. I teach mankind the glorious truths of science, Upturn and found religions in each land; Disclose Dame Nature's laws, and bid defiance To Demon Ignorance and all his band. The lonely maiden finds her life less dreary, As tenderly I speak to her of love; A2id smiling through her tears, she, once so weary, Grows light as air, and joyous as a dove. PluILO. Dundee. 18.-List, ye riddlers perspicacious; Hearken I knights of high renown, If your nature is pugnacious, Fearlessly I'll face your frown, Fling the gauntlet, and defy you, Visor down. Dub me not a vain pretender Who no doughty deeds has done; I will fight without surrender, Let the conflict be begun ! If a knight can read my riddle, He has won. I have fought in red arenas, Where by death each life was bought; With the fierce, unfed hyenas, Lashed to fury, I have fought, Till the Roman's hand, upri-ing, Peace besought. And on me I ride to battle, Or I take me to the tilt, Where the polished lances rattle, And the precious blood is spilt; Where in flesh the blade is buried To the hilt. And from me, with wine o'erflowing, Victors fill the crimson cup ; Dainty ladies drink, well knowing Men are dying while they sup. Guess now, knights, or if unable, Give me up. J. A. CAM~PBELL. 19.-It is in enigmas, 'tis seen in a riddle; Though never in music,'tis found in a fiddle; The sweet singing tenor hath me in his voice, The bass and coutralto both shun me from choice, While the nightingale trills me in notes wild aud sweet. I'm with Venus de Medici, and at the feet Of sovereigns I kneel when a suit I address, And the hand that's extended in friendship I press. With princes and beggars I roam through the world; In the pendant of England I'm found, when unfurled; I'm with love, yet in hate, with the brave, yet in fear ; I always am seen when Young Folks Paper is near. E. JoHNsoN. 20.-I bound o'er the ocean, I spread o'er the land; I'm found dead anid living, I'm stately and grand. I'm prized by the sailors, Of me England's proud; And oft have my praises Been sung long and 1 uid. A king I am truly, E'er guarling the glen; The pride and the glory Of brave Englishmen. D. ScoTT, Newtongrange. HIDDEN ANIMALS REVERSED. 21.-I went to Kilcrae, Bob, last week; Of its beauty I can't too much speak. I went to find that box of Will's ; And found it down at Thomson's mills. I hoisted Sam up on the wall, And soon, alas ! down he did fall. You've brought no ill news, Tom, I hope P No, Jack, I've brought instead some rope. Tom Greg, I told you yesterday To take to Goole that load of hav. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. ACROSTICAL NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 22.-A garden-the first ever known- In this little con. is shown. 1, 3, 4 A word which even signifies. 2, 1, 3 An English river is here. 3, 4, 2 Termination, I surmise. 4, 3, 2 A name doth here appear. DRAGooN. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central le:ttr of a word to form a;lother word.) 23,-He was first, and he was pompous, And he walked the busy street, Casting stern and haughty glances Upon all he chanced to meet. But some urchins viewed his clothing With a bright and meaning smile; Oh, they looked not at his lnex studs, Nor admired his shining " tile." Soon upon his ear these accents Fell like some melodious note: "See, he's left the pawnshop ticket On the collar of his coat '" R. GLAsGow. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may bha treated as a metagram, decapitation, dale- tiol, and transposition, but letves a perlsct word after each 24.--In usholo you'll find a dwelling-place; Please take away its head, A river, found in Yorkshire, You'll surely see instead. Curtail, transpose, and theu you'll view A French chin, known to all of you. A . A. DYeES, Southampton., CONUNDRUM. 25.-Whant ship is that that's never seen A .sailing on the seaP This con, is very simple, friends, I'm sure you will agree. g F, PUnlPs, B ottngaham. d
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 26.-By those who sail nigh Norway's coast Primal is held in fear; " Whirled"-famous 'tis, and quite a host, Alas ! have perish d here. Cross Words. Oppressed with first, and greatly so, is he Whose work helps fill the great Waste Paper B. A kind of monkey, now please, riddlers, find; It's not a masher, this, please bear iu mind. Quite willingy I still will scribble on, Until your third, dear bards, I've fairly won. To master fourth when schoolboys, we all sought; That once hard task we now consider naught. A winter pastime much enjoyed by all, Though learners now and then susta n a fall. Search well for sixth, and you will find a game For ladies and for gentlemen 'twill name. A little animal, I think, is this, Though many people say it vermin is. An excellent department here you'll see Of this our ever fav'rite Y. F. P. A kind of riddle this will represent; 'Tis often seen within our " Tournament." A. AMBERLhEY, Manchester. Foundation Wlord. 27.-No matter how my primal strives to please, His hearers are disgusted-ill at ease. Cross Words. Indulgence in my first has ruined many, Who in their youth were good and pure as any. For next please write one of the States United. His conduct showed he was my lthrd-delighted. In fourth and last, my friends, will be detected A man who by us all is much respected. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or wer Is.) Forundation Words. 28.-O luscious fruit, of rich and golden hue, Hung pendent from the stem which nurtures you, So listless, yet so graceful in your beauty, To you I this indite, to mark my duty. The finals fair of Spain which give you birth, Rearing majestically from the earth., We watch your growth with pleasurable pride, And rivals to dour grace we but deride. Cross ll'ords. A shape-'tis neither round nor square, But oval. Do you doubt it ? For next your eye contains its share- You could not see without it. For tlird please seek the garden, and Recline within its shade. A nymph, though never seen on land, Within the sea does wade. When deadly war is waged between Two nations, this is used. And, lastly, this is often seen When cons. are not refused. B. D. M., Glasgow. Foundalion Words. 29.-When misfortune's sombre clouds are looming o'er us, And blind the lustrous light of proslp'rous day, There is still a light that t.rows its 1beam before us, And cheers with happy prosplect life's dimmed way. An alien best can estimate the pleasure That this affords 'neath a good mother's care; And e'er will be his memory's fondest treasure, The once half.valued joys he'd gathered there. Cross Words. A hoard of wealth's a boonful prize, Yet good first much more signifies. My next a river will disclose That in a far-off country flows. My third's a pleasing work of art, An echo from the kindled heart. My last comes with the close of day; My con. is closed, no more I'll sayi. T. Nixon, Dudley Colliery. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 30.-Said Tommy Dodd to Tommy Stout, " The world's a wagging round, And yet in these 'ere newspapers Naught interesting's found." Said Tommy Stout to Tommy Dodd, " With you I can't agree ; Here's 'Forecasts of the Weather," And 'List of Ships at Sea.' "I do not see how you can say There is a f rrt of news; For here's a long advertisement Of 'Jones's Patent Shoes.' The ' Anction Summary,' as well, Is full of interest; ' Births. Marriages, and Deaths' I'm sure You'll read with greatest zest. " The ' Money Market' columns hold Much writing full of wit.; And o'er the ' Poor Law Notices' For hours I often sit." Just then-ah ! pity to relate- A bull came tearing past; And of their conversation I fear they lost the last. SONOPHONE. . B. LAWRENCE. TiIONOPHONE. (Words of different meaninrg, but the same in sounld.) 31.-" When do you first across the sea ?" Jenkius, my friend, inquired of me. " Whene'er the next is over, I To the good ship will quickly hie." IvrrnoF, Belfast. 6-