RIDDL: TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transaise the letters in a word to form another word.)
1.-Most fellows appear to-have different ways Of enjoying themselves in their leisure, And first his particular hobby will praise As the source of his uttermost pleasure. The studious fellows will sit down and read, -The wicked ones love to be cheating ; The quarrelsome coveys will fight till they bleed, The greedy ones go in for eating; Theatrical fellows rush off to the play, Others make their arms second by fiddling But the hobby I love, and will love till I'm grey, Is riddling. Oh, give me a fire in my own little room, And I'll go to work con amnore; Just light up the candles to banish the gloom, And leave me alone in my glory. My pen, ink, and paper, "and Webster at hand, 'What joy such an evening will give me I I've never a thought about fame, understand, And I hope that my cons. won't outlive me. The pastime is simple, yet I am content, Although my cons. may be but middling; And the happiest hours of my boyhood were spent In riddling. H. C. Pnici, Southwark. 2.-Merrily speeds the gallant bark Far over the deep blue sea, Over the bounding billows dark She skims so gracefully free. Her white sails spreading to the wind, She fies like the egle bold fill first in distance far behind, Lie the shores of England old. Mayhap she is bound with her freight Unto swarthy Afric's land, Or busy mart of commerce great, On India's glowing strand; But where'er her course o'er the wave, Next tropical climes or cold, May she safely speed 'neath the banner brave Of glorious England old. Tas UNsxxowN, 3.--A beverage my first will be, You will, I'm sure, with me agree; Transpose, and then you'll quickly see What's often done by you and me. F, PHLLPsr, Mottingham. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-Jacob Miller firsts and groans; What is the matter with the man P For a matchless next he owns- Let him deny it if he can. But, he says, it was a third From his good neighbour, Squire Gunn. It has fallen lame, I've heard, Alack, alas I what can be done P Lorrn W., Brighton. 5.-I have wandered long and distant, And, a-weary, turned to rest In the village of my childhood, Where the thrush and blackbird nest. And as I sit ruminating On the first in saddened mood, Thoughts steal o'er me of the time when We strung daisies in the wood. Sh~is still my little sweetheart, Still my rosy, fairy queen, Though a stone now marks her slumbers, And above her grass grows green. Still I see her laughing features, Framed beneath her little hood, When we wandered off together, Stringing daisies in the wood. To my little sweetheart's memory May I ever faithful be, For her next breath spake affection For the one across the sea. And I wait the time that's coming' But while ploughing ocean's flood, In the night.watch thought will show her Stringing daisies in the wood. RB. Di., 6.-The seagulls fly before the gale, With white, distended wings ; The stoutest mariner grows pale For fear the gallant ship should fal; So to the line he clings. Fast and furious drive the waves, Drenching the deck in spray; The captain cool and:calm behaves, Aloft the men all work like slaves, Striving to first the bay. In golden second dawns the day, And calms the-tempest's rage; The thunder-clouds roll far away, The gallant ship has found her way To a~safe anchorage. E. A, Caoera. ROTATION CHANGE. (Ohange theletters of a word in snccersion'to form other words.) 7.-When Jack came first from sea the other day`, 'He brought a monkey and a parrot grey. I went with nextcompanions to the Zoo, And saw the porcupine and kangaroo. Em going withArthur Wells to Windermere; He'd likewise say the third if he was here.. I .bought ajacket at the fourth last night,. And now I find it does not fit me quite. My last is very cheap, and useful, too Disclose it, if you've nothing else to do. GOLDEN CLOUD, Birkenhead. - CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the'final letter of a word.leaving another word.) 8.-Side by side our gallant soldiers fought for home and queen, . , o . All around a throng of dusky Arabs fiercely piessed; Nothing for a cloud of smoke beyond them cnld be seen, In that cloud a host of heroes sank to endless rest. How the urinal band of Britons fought that cruel day-I How'they strove against; 'a foe that numbered ten to onel - - And when triumlph crowned their arms, their land was -heatd to say, - - "Greater courage ne'er, was .shown. Hail, comrades 1! Nobly done I- Never in its brightest days have Britain's famous sond Fought against her enemies as Britain's sons have now. "Britons never shall be slaves," the stirring sentence :runs, iTruly does it re :each hear't and light each honest . brow. -darket seemed: heno . GOlory crowned when S S shaflglory everwait us while such men are seen. - Yes; and far above all nations shall Great-Britain tower,. While our soldiers fight so' next for country, home,and q.....ueen. - : 1 - G. WBSn. Southwak. :- 9 On-0 ev'iry lea my fliSt is' seen . ..'' . ,7~;.Cur,;t.ile, anryit; e,,reign k1ing) or quen.,. .- - ,· . i ·:.u-: apports tli e rp yal throne. ":-,, :;,
PRECE.-OMEGRAMS. (Qhange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 10--The sea is calm, the sky is blue, Delightful is the air; I've nothing, nothing, now to do, I roam I know not where. My thoughts are far across the main, Out on the deep blue sea; And soon will he return again, My love so dear to me. When stormy winds were blowing high, A long, long year ago, He bade to me a fond good.bye, In accents sweet and low. Said he, " My love, forget me not When I am far away; Thy first will never be forgot, For thee I'll daily pray." That happy smile I can see now, The countenance he bore Beneath his manly, noble brow, When parting on the shore. He left behind, he knew full well, A maiden fond and true, Where mighty last did rage and swell Against the rocks in view. My heart to-day is gay and light, He is returning home, With all his future prospects bright, Resolved no more to roam. My life will be all happiness, My fears will quickly fade; I long to feel his fond caress When wand'ring in the shade. W. COarxa, Birmingham, 11.-A kind of half.tumultuous joy That naught on earth could quench or cloy, Crept through the long.haired poet's heart, As, with a dynamitic start, He bounded from his first, smooth seat, And chuckled with unbounded measure; For therehe saw, in letters neat, The words, "Your odes received with pleasure 1" His brow was marked with lines of care, A next of half-affrighted stare Crept o'er his face, as, strangely fleet, He pounced upon the welcome sheet. He looked-his frenzied eyes grew dim, He shrivelled up his lanky shanks; For there he saw, in letters grim, The awful words, " Declined with thanks I" F. G. WEBB, Southwark. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 12.-A kind of wood for first please trace, In Norway it is found ; All persons who are next soon find A home beneath the ground. Third people suffer more, I'm told, Than beings who are blind; And now, last riddlers, you I'll leave These words to quickly find. E. L. HOLLAND. 18.-A liquid first; to quench their thirst, Men, wealthy, often use it; Though some would fain from it abstain, And always do refuse it. Last letter change, and then, how strange I With rushing noise it passes; And as it goes, cheeks like the rose It puts on lads and lasses. But now, good night-no more I'll write, My mind is getting hazy; So I'm away, and don't you say You think I'm getting lazy. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool, 14.-Who is it takes a great delight To stay up nearly every night, And then do nothing else but write P The riddler. And when a pale youth you do see, Who first a look of misery, Why, then you know that it must be The riddler. Who is it writes " The lightning flashed ?" Who is it scrawls " The thunder crashed?" But if rejected, who is smashed ? The riddler. And o'er the table who does bend P And love-sick riddles who does send P Who is the stationer's best friend P The riddler. Who writes the stale rhyme, "Now transpose " Until his second eyes do close, And dreadful sounds come through his nose P The riddler. J. FaeAxnrx. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 15,-In a sleepy old town about forty miles down In the shires, a certain Tim Dogherty kept, Or rather was kept by, a famous old inn, I Think 'twas the Billy Goat and Boots yclept, Not a man could be found in the whole country round Who liked not our host or despised his old ale; Each one who did raise the full glass could but praise The beverage, and him who did it retail. But the cause of his name being accorded such fame Was found in the fact that last hero possessed A nose so abnormal in colour and form, all Who'gazed on that feature great wonder expressed. 'Twas a large Roman nose of the hue of the rose, Or the sun when through dim morning mists he doth burst. The cause was a question; Tim said " Indigestion," But some said 'twas over-indulgence in first. But, oh, consternation I a great conflagration Arbse in the atmosphere one summer's night, And each huge chawbacon (or I am mistaken) Was chilled through with horror at this burntinf sight. The old inn was blazing, and people were gazing, From lord of the manor to ignorant lout; And though they endeavour by means crude and clever, S They all fail to put the destructive fire out. And deep, heartfelt sorrow was felt on the morrow, For whole did ascribe the sad end of our host To Tim's nose igniting, and instantly lighting SA glass of strong spirits while drinkiing a toast I S. FnsarrLI auN G. H. PERRY. 16.--Myjirst is by many folks'daily enjoyed, Though not to be had when they're fully employed;
And at noon in Cheapside 'twould be no easy. job. My second's assumed to be ever a bond ' Of union and friendship, though soine are'not fond Of its being.a ground for making out clais , Which sometimes are founded on nothing bat names. Though the whole forms no dart of the family fare, Yet its absence at dinnter to some would se'en queer. SC. SEra. 17 .--Tat you're gazing at my primal with attention Is a fact that's scarcely worth my while to mention;' And I'll bet my bottom dollar, or atany laset-a seond, If yotitoftal all your energies, though' cute' you're doubt. less relckoned, That you'll ind this con. a puzzle, or twill frustrate my, inte ntit i .on And I'll quit the" R iddle Tourney," aid indature ink ind pen'$sln. J. A. Ilasaii, Kenn ington.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initiais.arm a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 18.-Old primal story long-shall boast Thermopyls, where, 'gainst a host, The dauntless.king, Leonii1as,., With his few heroes, held the pass How fine the final of that face, Limned with artistic skill and grace 1 The bust is neatly pencilled too; The subject, though, is 'scarcely new. Cross Words. Despite his first, into the next he fell, And fourths around third his despairing yell. Of no sixth, gallant warrior queen, thy might; Last of thy fifth remain with Rome to fight. D. Gow. Foundation Words. 19.-In primals and finals the names you must seek Of riddlers whose verses appear week by week. Cross Words, An English school here view- 'Tis doubtless known to you. " Conceited," riddlers dear, In second will appear. Your labour ne'er despise, If you'd next the wished-for prize. In fourth you all will view A very learned Jew. Fifth is a gipsy's name; Curtail it for the same. At the desk perched through the day ; He receives but scanty pay. One who does patents buy ; This answer please descry. At theatres he is seen, At meetings, too, I ween. A tribe of Britons brave ; Now all are in the grave. A Roman captain see, Well known to you and me. A fitting word, you'll say; So now to all good day. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. TRIPLE ACROSTIC ON PRITMALS. (The three first letters of the cross words form other distinct words). Poundation Words. 20.-I central rose that summer morn, The sky was clear and blue; I rambled through a field of corn, Which sparkled with the dew; I heard the huntsman's merry horn, Admired the lovely view. But soon I met my cousin Jack, Who said he'd come to fetch me back. We rambled on by mead and dell, By cottage, church, and farm, When Jack said to me, "Cousin, tell Me if 'twould you alarm To ramble through the haunted dell At midnight when 'tis calm." I said I would; he gave a next, Which really made me very vexed. I crossed the churchyard all alone One well-remembered night; I saw a sight which, I will own, Filled me with greatest fright, Although 'twas but a white tombstone On which fair Luna's light Shone. Fancy made it seem a first, But soon the truth upon me burst. Cross Words. He made some primal very strange to view; His body into many shapes he threw. He was a nice young fellow, next and gay, And with the lasses had a lot to say. Our next, dear friends, a certain State will be Found in America, that land so free. The night crept slowly on, and soon I grew Quitoe fourth, so on my bed myself I threw. The final king reigned with despotic sway, None dared his dread commands to disobey. W. D. PICKERING AND S. W. HATES. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 21.-'Twas as I sat and mused, last night, While dimly gleamed my taper's light, My supper on the board at hand, As had been set at my command, I saw as lovely visions stream Before my eyes as poet's dream To him could e'er before disclose, While he in kindest muse did doze. My supper thus forgotten quite, I thought, " For me what pure delight I'll have in verse euphonic sent These visions to the' Tournament,' Where they will surely win me fame I I will each reader's heart inflame With them-they'll every mind amaze, And all shall sing high in my praise." So up I jumped and seized my pen, My paper spread. This first, 'twas then, Alas ! I found I had to write No power, and all my hopes took flight. Next thought I that I'd just turn to My supper-said to fame adieu, When, horrors 1 to me did appear The fact I'd spilt my supper beer. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. 22.-If you ever should be second, Take my first, and then you'll see If I haven't rightly reckoned When I say you'll better be. T. RorsTOx, Birmingham.