RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
Old Christmas is coming, so hearty and jolly-., Peal forth all ye joy.bells and welcome him now ! He is crdwned with a branch ps the red.berried holly, Twined into a beautiful wreath on his brow. Let our readers unite for to hail him with gladness, Lettheirhearts leap with Joy at the thought of the day, For at this merry time there is no plea for sadness, And frowns at his coming should vanish away. Let our poets awake from the lethargioslumber That has silently held them in bondage so long, All proudly to welcome our great Christmas Number In their cheeriest, merriest measure of song. SHAmaocx, Armagh. REBUS. No. 2. W. H. Bran, Holloway, ACROSTICAL DIAMOND PUZZI.E. No. 3. Foundation Weords. H ilarious Christmas.time, for thy dear joys C hildrin all love thee! How the hearty boys P ant for thy happy season and the feast I R oast turkey, beef, and-last, but far from least- I s this huge, rich rotundity of fame, C rowned with a holly twig and dished in flame- E ver they hail with joy its well.known name. Cross Words. T ake for my first a letter from appear; L ook well, and see which you think is the one. H a who is second feels most awful queer (E xeuse the grammar-'twas for metre done). M y third is not a very tempting meal, E specially to Young Folks who're well fed. R ather than eat it, p'r'aps beneath your heel Y ou'd spurn and fourth the humble bit of bread. B ut beggars' appetites are fifth by cold, A nd quite indiff'rent made by want and care. R emember them, Young Folks, and ne'er withhold W hatever morsels from your meals you spare. E 'er from the dhurch's holy sixth sweet charity L oudly is preached to all; oh, heed my prayer, L at not the poor in winter starving be ! J nst write for next a child deserted found- M y stars ! I've given you the clue, I fear. Y ou'll please for eighth to write some birds' names here; B very one has seen them, I'll be bound. R ed bills, long necks, web feet-oh, dear, my pen 1 S top-prithee, stop I You'll give the clue again. J ust write down here, to form the ninth word, the C ost of an article. I am afraid, H ere once again the word I've let you see, A nd, foolishly, the guessing easier made. R eally, I must be more astute next time I L et tenth, please, be a number, dear young friend. E leventh is a cons'nant and the end; S o now I'll-bow and close my little rhyme. F. W. BzISTEAD.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 4. J. NICHOLLs. CHARADE. No. 5. The bells are chiming far and near, With pleasure we their notes nowhear, Telling us, in their tones of cheer, First is a time of gladness. The frost may come, the snow lie deep, The birds far off their Christmas keep'; This is no time to mourn or weep- No time for woe or sadness. Cold is the park, and cold the breeze, Deep is the snow, up to your knees- 'Tis falling fast, and 'mongst the trees It hides my last from all. But willing hands clear off its hold, And then by arms so strong and bold (They say last'se worth its weight in gold) Last is borne to the hall. Blow, blow, ye winds I Blow, Boreas, blow I Bring hail and sleet, bringice and'snow, With all your strength, that we may know Your power is wondrous quite. , But total in the bright red fire, 'Causing the flames to leiap "p higher, Warming the hearts of son and sire Cares nothing for your might. F. T. MTdsnors. DECAPITATION. No. 6.: .. - The roads were muddy-so was I As I did slowly homeward stroll;. It raised my second much whe I Did aip and in the-primal rolL iVBPTO.
ACROSTICAL F PUZZLE. No. 7. Cross Words. S o here's the Christmas Number come at last! E nchanting tales and pictures unsorpassed A ppear to charin us, and the poets simg S west melodies. See, too, we riddlers bring 0 ur humble offerings to amuse you all. N ow please, dear friends, to guess my puzzle small. A sound of first just now salutes my ears, B ut what it means a second quite appears. L et's third the rooms with all our fourth to.day; E ach one must help-right hard we'll work away. G o for the holly fifth it is too late- R each me those lovely branches by the gate. . E very next is sparkling with delight, E ager to gaze upon the charming sight T hat soon we all shall witness, when the room Indeed is finished. Mary, bring a broom; N ew sweep the floor. Stay ! how would seventh look here? G ive me the laurel by those eighth. I fear Some one into the lane must kindly go T o fetch us in more boughs of mistletoe. O h, see how ninth the hall looks I And 'twill be A cosy place when tenth. Why, here's the tea l L et's all sit down and have some while it's hot. L eave off your work and rest now, will you not ? T here's no eleventh in making yourselves tired; H ours we have slaved-our work must be admired. E dith, do mind that dreadful boy ! Take care I Y ou'll get a snowball if you don't beware: O ut, horrid little thirteenth, out you run, U nless you will leave off such boisterous fun. N ell says she twelfth your cake; but here's a slice. Give it him, please. It's vanished in a trice ! F ourteenth is begging for some milk. Who's there? O uly the cook, to last if we would care, L ike we all used, to stir the pudding. So K ing Christmas must indeed be near, I know. S ee I he is coming 'mid the falling snow. Foundation Words. Accept the wish, cear friends, I pray, Which in centrals you'll espy. May you have a glad and gay Christmas.time-and so, good.bye. LoTTIE W., Brighton.
REBUS. No. 8. a S a' ' '7 §an tip/ WASSA' C T S Co'ssTlan CALVRnT. Shrewsbuiy.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 9. He eleventh to us yet again- Let us welcome him in with a song. All hail to his reign I He brings in his train A merry and jovial throng. Let cynics be carping and sneer, But we will partake of good cheer, And, wittily, gay, this great holiday, Be fitly concluding the year. No skating could liven our shores, If first were away, 'tis averred. We'd keep within doors, form couples or fours, And join the bewildering third. And, fourth from the rafters quite low, Behold now the strange mistletoe, And those on the jig, passing under the sprig, Should rightly the penalty know. Now let us go over to where There standeth the snapdragon bowl ; And now if you dare, without fifth the fierce flare, You have not a timorous soul. Who says that the tenth of my ninth Can seventh and childish e'er be? Unlimited fun for every one Is what they are ever to me. Our clever contributing friends (Still sixth is that wonderful list) Assistance each lends, and the cons. each one sends Of various eighths do consist. A consonant last please supply, That you twelfth the answer descry. With best wishes to you (our dear Editor, toe), I'll second you all now good.bye. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey. ITARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Welcome, Christmas, glorious season I Peace and gladness thou dost bring; Joyfully, with rapt attention, SLoud thy praises we will sing, While the snow is lying over .All the earth a mantle white, Cov'ring holes that fain would trap us,. Yet withal a welcome sight. Hate and anger, strife and sorrow, All forgotten now should be; Let all meet and part,as brothers- Good in all things let us see. Young Folks, I, a riddling brother, Thus do sing my simple'lay, And, in parting, truly wish you All a merry Christmas Day. R. GRArT. METAGRAM. No. 11. A sough, a steep; a lofty rock My first is, I'1 he boud; Change head, a wordthat means to boast' Will very soon be found; Repeat the change, and you will view To pull with force and slowly, too. KINDERGARTeN,NFrizington. CHARADE. .No. 12. My first is an organcomplete, * Onall it is suretobe found; My'p send I eln't say is neat. MlBy whvolesdothlive-u~ider the ground. SLzzm Sasns.
CURTAILMENT. No. 13. Let every home, from lordly hall to lowly cottage, ring With shouts of merriment andjoy, to greet old Christmas King. Again that happy monarch comes-right welcome may he be To every soul, both rich and poor, throughout the land and sea. He holds his court around the first, beside the Yule-log bright, Where faces glow with genial warmth, shed from its ruddy light. He brings us back the truant ones we have not seen for years, Uniting friendship's broken bond amid our smiles and tears. Come, let us make a garland bright of holly rich and rare, To crown that generous old king who brings us such good fare, Who makes the old feel young again, and fills us all with mirth, Who re-cements the second's love with each kind friend on earth. And now, Young Folks, before we part, a toast we must propose, What shall it be ? Why, Christmas dear'and peace with all our foes. Success to all endeavours good; may each good health retain, That when the future Christmas comes we all may meet again. W. H. BuRD, Helic Way. METAG(RAM. No. 14. Go to the inn and first a trap, And fetch for me a warm wrap, For I must see my next to.night; He may not live till morning light. He rode through water, third, and cla.7; His rapid course he did not stay Till, bounding o'er a fence, the horse Was caught within the next by force. When nights are cold, and winds roar high, I never fifth of sitting by The last, with Young Folks in my hand- Its pleasures I cannot withstand. W. SAUNDus, Powmill.
DECAPITATION. No.' 15. Hail, king of the season ! Thrice welcome art thou, For thy hearty and genuine cheer, Combined with the holly and mistletoe bough- 'Tis the merriest time of the year. Let the bards sing of spring and its beauties so rare, Let them dwell on the sweet summer.time, Let them mourn with the autumn, her sufferings share, I'll e'er first this season of rime I For I love the dull season made merry and gay By the good things it ever doth bear. 'Tis the time when all sorrow is driven away From our hearts and we know not a care, But join with the children in games full of glee, And gladden their hearts once again By buying them gifts for the great Christmas tree, And help in the bright paper chain. Then, Christmas, thy praises shall cheerily ring Through the homes of all Englishmen nQw, 'Tis the time when thy glory we all like to sing, As we would the famed " Mistletoe Bough." To second dur spirits, the log's cheerful blaze 'Will add a sweet charm to thy cheer, And then the fond glasses on high we will raise, As a pledge to the old, parting year. T. W. KrrITCIER. ARITHMOREM. No. 16. Foundation Word. Now the withered flowers are lying in the snow, all cold and dying, And the mournful winds are sighing for the. Summer that has fled, And the rose that erst was cherished by her sunny smile has perished, For those olden, merry, golden days are numbered with the dead. Fleecy snow is fast descending, and the proud old oaks are bending, For the chilly blast's near rending their staunch branches now in twain. Now old Sol goes down red darkling, and the hoar.frost bright is sparkling, And the snowing and the blowing tell that primal's here again. Cross Words. 601 and kew Much, I fear, if you are this, sir, You are very much amiss, sir. 557 ,, an Let ts hope he's convalescent; Being ill is never pleasant. 51 ,, en Everybody thinks, of course, sir, You're a mug without a source, sir I 4 ,, hert If you this, you're sure to flourish, Fortune will your efforts nourish; 1,051 ,, ye Here's a pretty name, young ladies ; Filled.with luck the owning maid is. 40 ,, ear I must this-my rhymes are waning, And our Ed. will be complaining. PRICE AND COULSON. CENTRAL CHANGE. No. 17. A kind of fish my first doth plainlyshow; A measure, too, it is, as ,you will know; My centre change, and view before your eyes A luscious fruit which Young Folks mostly prize. KINDERGARTEN, Frizmgton.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 18. These words which are enaircled here With mistletoe and holly, Are written to a sister dear, All in this season jolly : M' ay pleasure wreathe thy pretty face With truer smiles than ever, And may thy eyes so bright erase And scare thy trouble out of place-- The cares which pain the clever !" GEssrEnr AIxnl. MONOPHONE. No. 19. When young, I had a bicycle and used to go the pace; I often first it for a prize, but ne'er could win a race. . Next I bought a pleasure-boat, and then was in myglee; I second it, but never won a race upon the sea. I gave them both up in despair, for fate was so unkind; So tried my legs upon the third, and then got left behind; S. C. EHaun. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 20. Y. Z., Notting Hill. MIONOPHONE. No. 21. 'Tis Christmas! Let my friendly greeting name My chosen champions, all of puzzling fame. Binstead, approach I Dear boy, with open hand I greet thee warmly, though in Shadow-land. Genius herself must pave a path for thee; But first accept this tribute small from me; Unworthy am I, as you sure must know, To sing in praise of one I honour so. Now shall my muse let loose laudations great, And tales of Hemery shall now relate. Thou choice inventor, first has lit thy name With an undying yet distinguished flame. Price, Barwell, Batchelor have oft appeared, And in the " Tournament" sweet lyrics'reared. My hearty greeting to each witty one, And thanks to each for pleasing work he's done. Taylor, Coulson, Saunders and Ml'Call, My Christmas salutations to you all. Though winter's last may die when warmth appears,. I'll ne'er forget the names I've loved for'years. Beloved friends, I wish, with heart sincere, You all a prosperous and bright New Year. T. W. KrTcnER. LOGOGRIPH. No. 22. I think this con. the Ed. will first-- I really hope it will, For if it is "declined with thanks," I think 'twill make me ill. I would not like that this should be; 'Twould likely raise my ire. But now I'll tell you that my next Dotth mean to let on hire. "Oh, third me of this dread suspense," The sailor's wife did cry, "And tell me if there's any hope, Or did my husband die.' Behead, transpose, then, if you do This right, without mistake, A large expanse of water you Acquaintance with will make. R. GRANT,-
REB.U S. No. 23. J. MYEns, Dalton.in-Furness; DELETION. No. 24. An article you will perceive In this that's used by those who weave; A letter take, and you will.see Artful and cunning I shall be. F. WAi.Is, Swindon. PALINDROME. No 25. Backwards and forwards I read the anine. Now, jesters, pray wbat 4 'n; ~.am ' But stay I Ithink 1'i tell you all A principle the same we call. J. SAVAGE, LiverpooL. DECAPITATION. No. 26 A+fishing-basket kindly bring to view, And then my whole you have undoubtedly;. Take head, and then I can avow that you A Scottish dance in place of whole will see. T. S. SHAU..