RIDDLE TOU RNAMENT. NA.RRATIVE METAGRAM.
hte frst ltter of a wordth inrs chbanged, to form auotner wore in 1.-I remember, I remember A long.past Guy Fawkes day, When with a bag of fireworks I Went gaily out to play. And I remember how I cast The lighted squibs about, And burnt Bill figgins on the leg, And how we fought it out. I remember, I remember, On that same afternoon, I lit a cracker in my hand, And it went off too soon. It jumped about and sprang at last Across the garden wall, Where in the busy roadway it With many a bang did fall. I remember, I remember The row that then began; How quick the people jumped and swore, How fast the horses ran. And sadly I remember, too, The thrashing that I had; Two hockey sticks were spoilt on me By my ferocious dad. I remember, I remember The bills he had to pay For damaged goods and men knocked down On that unhappy day. When we had fireworks after that, It made our neighbours scoff, Because we always had to hire A man to let them off l D. Gow. M-ETAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word 2.--A wand'ring bard in days of old, When barons ruled, and knights were bold, Sang gaily a sweet serenade Beneath the window of a maid. He praised her eyes, he praised her hair, He praised her lips, her cheeks so fair, He praised her teeth, also her nose, And was rewarded with a rose. Hefirst again a gay refrain (Although it fast began to rain), Of love and war and maidens fair, And loud his voice neat on the air. Her father heard the noise below, And softly to the porch did go, And at the minstrel rushed out quick, And trounced him with a heavy stick. F. ALLBnoo, Winchester. L-Tinkleton Potts had a beautiful nose ; And, as we may suppose, Tinkleton Potts was fearfully proud of it-- Would brag rather loud of it. And if "'anyone " said 'twas no subject for first, Why, on "anyone's" head T. P.'s anger would burst. Second 'twas not, but as straight as a rule, And the poor silly fool Thought it was just such a beautiful feature- The best formed by nature. He'd parade in the streets, be the day wet or fine, As if sa} ing, " Where is the nose can equal mine ?" One day, alas! when the winds were perturbed, A tile was disturbed, Came on the nose with the speed of a bird, With noise like a third. The beauty and grace were destroyed by that blast, And T. P.,is now hiding his nose at fourth last. DonorTH GLYNNx. I.-What are the soft winds saying- What do they whisper to me, As I lazily lie on the shingle Down by the turbulent sea P And what are the wild waves saying As they boisterously do play ? " We've roamed o'er the salt blue ocean," It seemeth to me that they say, And the tiny waves, what are they saying, As they gaily do backward recede? When a larger first, roaring, approaches, And quickly their courses impede. And, wondering what the whole sea is saying I gaze o'er the vast, briny deep; knd gazing, I find I am nodding, And nodding, I fall fast asleep. And I wonder now what I was saying, For I a trifle more fnal to say, Pm drenched to the skin, gentle reader, And minus a hat, so-good-day. F. PHILLPas, Mottingham. 5.-That's Mr. Briggs, the milkman- He must be very old; My mother, she remembers When first new milk he sold. That is quite fifty years ago- She can't exactly tell, Since first into this street he came, With his pure milk to sell. Now he is old and turning grey- The boys with him have fun; I've seen them turn his taps full on, And first his new milk run. One day, I saw him catch one- You last he punished got; He took a strap from off his waist, And gave it to him hot. C. SANsoa, Mile End. 6.-She strikes, she strikes-on the sunken reef, The turbulent air is filled with grief, And shrieks of despair; The billows foamed around her bows, Dashing the spray with thundering roars On the breakers there. She reels, she reels on the roaring tide, Her mast is gone, her helm's destroyed, Her first is full; The hurricane swelled, the lightning flashed, On the reef-once more she dashed Like an angry bull. She sinks, she sinks, the breakers and spray Entomb her under the ocean for aye, With her last crew; The souls that once her bright deck trod Now rise heavenward to meet their God, "His blessings to woo." SYNTAX, Warrington. LOGOGRIPH, t Word wlich may be treoated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. 7.-A very useful plant please take, A physic it is used tO make; Behead, reverse, and you wll find That now a qaeen is left tfhiaid. B. LEIDnOLD.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The Afnal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) (( Foundation Words. 15. 8.-There are two ladies.of this "Tournament," Whose names are known to me I've seen their faces in the portrait page Of dear old Y. F. P. Just as I know them, so do all of you ; Their names P You need not guess them; Primnals and finals here just bring to view, And they will soon confess them. Cross Words. The summer months, as past they sped, By this glad one were onward led. This Christian name begins with E, Owned by our bard of chivalry. One of the sweetest flowers I know At Is this, whose plural form I show. This always follows TI Directly after. The wit of these neighbours A Causes laughter. To the race of deer Belongs this creature. If This passion always mars E'en sweetest feature. To eighth each morning in famed Rotten Row 16 Is quite bon ton considered, don't y' know. Oh, see the mountain next in beauty flowing Between its banks, whereon wet moss is growing. In marriage did a lord of high degree Seek for the tenth of pretty Dorothy. England, come next thy flag, On land and on the sea. And let thy last be firm Where'er that flag may be. AxaNI A. RorYsTo, Sheffield. ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in .llzures.) B Foundation Words. 9.-A riddler of fame This puzzle will name, if you study the cross.words aright A But if the solution Should cause you confusion, B Next week's answers will bring it to light. Cross Words. A 500 and nee This is a garden; 'Tis in the Bible quoted. 600 ,, ku Next is a bird That's oft in water floated. B 51 ,, yta This is a country. Sunny, bright, and fair. B 50 ,, teburo In this you will see A word that stands for care. 1,000 ,, ha This is an edible Of which I'm very fond ; 601 ,, ke Jim next a cat And threw it in the pond. 151 ., er You will see here A thing which people treasure. 100 ,, e This is, I'm sure, A common kind of measure. 101 ,, no A word you see here- 'Tis the opposite of nasty. 500 ,, guho This is an article Which you'll find is very pasty. 50 ,, keu My brother next Possesses two fine fiddles. 140 ,, oee I'm sure I don't Last in writing riddles. CA IRA. Foundation Words. 10.-Foremost in the band of riddlers Who wear the crown of fame Is a knight, both brave and clever ; Below you'll find his name. Cross Words. 1 and nejen One of our sweetest singers. 50 , epap Very fond of this am I. 1,001 , naro A lady loved by all. 1,000 ,, reba Colour of sunset sky. 500 ,, oar This is in every street. 500 ,, as Very often I am. 551 ,, ha Pretty Christian name. 1,051 , abae Every one ought to be. 1,051 , b Meaning part of the frame. 1,050 ,, baurnu Pretty flowering tree. MAUDE K. DOUGLAs. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-There once lived a poet, alas I Who was rather fond of a glass Or two Of that which I name not to you. His manners were first, and he seemed As if his whole life he had dreamed Away, And he never looked lively or gay. One night he went forth to espy If the moon still was up in the sky, To shine When the weather was clear and fine. There appeared to be no less than three, And they all were as drunk as could be; So this Poet went off to bed in sweet bliss. A great last of paper he filled Next morning with rhymes, in which skilled Was he; And he was as proud as could be. T. HowIE, Edinburgh. 12.-A river in Europe behead, A girl's name you will have instead. NOnRA M. TwomEy, Cork. 13.-A useful article in your home behead, And you will see what keeps robbers out instead. BLAcK EAGLE. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 14.--Ye riddlers bold, of "Tourney's" page, Behold me once again appear; In mortal combat to engage, Without one shade of doubt or fear. A Wall.is there, but that I'11 climb, Though just behind an Archer B., Whose aim unerring is, yetI'm Quite confident he can't hit me. A Geow, or hamlet, I must pass, Where dwells a famous, well-tried knight; Yet even him I'11 bring to grass; He shall be conquered in the fight. A Collie' here, too, must be past, Whose" pick" and " lamp " both brightly gleam; But him PI vanquish, and, at last, In Puzzledom I'll reign supreme. And then, when I've won every fray, I'll get a band of "Fife's anTI drimSa" To lead me on my homeward way, And play, " The conquering hero comes." E. TRAFFOItD, Cuerden Green.
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) (I 15.-Once more I am roaming through Fancylaud's meadows, Where conquests are many, and failures are few; And half in the sunlight, and half in the shadow, My thoughts intermingled are wand'ring to you. For Memory whispers of days that first flown, dear- Of hours that are counted as dreams of the past, The sweetness of which o'er my pathway was thrown, dear, The brightness of which was too radiant to last. And so I have penned you This tribute I send you To ask you to keep, dear, whefe'er you may be A place in your mem'ry for me. The flowers of the summer are drooping and dying, The sky overhead is more cloudy and blue; And now, as I list to the autumn wind's sighing, Regretful my thoughts wander backward to you. Then turning my gaze to the life stretched before me, I wonder if time all our final will change; A feeling of sadness steals gradually o'er me, For fate is unreadable. mystic, and strange. And fain would I know, dear, As years come and go, dear, If still you will grant me this one simple plea- A place in your memory for me. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 16.-All first is mantled in a gloomy pall, As clouds grow dense and pattering raindrops fall Upon the earth beneath. An amber light pervades the landscape drear, A deathlike calm and heavy atmosphere O'erspread the dusky heath. Yet as I gaze, the sky's dull garment rends, And beaming Sol through heaven's dark vista sends His warm and cheerful rays. . And so with us, when life is overcast With darkest shades, we see within the last Visions of brighter days. CLARA BOEHIMEE. 17.-I'm an old, old clock, as you all may know, At the foot of the stairs I stand; But still I am able the hours to show, Though I'm minus my minute hand. When wound up first I can go for eight days, Though with age and with work I am sore; And my owner oft with a laugh, he says, " You won't last for eight days more." But somehow or other I still keep on, In spite of what people may say; And though I'm afraid that I soon will be gone, (Like all dogs), I have had my day. I once used to strike so sweetly and clear, And at hour and halfl-hour went off ; But lately my voice has sounded so queer, As if vainly attempting to cough. But soon I must stop, as I now last this tale, And I'll now add this moral, if wanted: "Though your pathway through life may appear rather frail, Strike onwards, and never he daunted." R. W. M'DONNELL, Dublin, CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ First. 18.-In the sunny reign of summer, When the days are long and bright, Leave we then the school and workshop For the vale or breezy height. Second. Keep it as a precious jewel, Let it know nor sin, nor shame; Well for you if it be honoured, Or be writ on scroll of fame. Third. This, like eve and rosy morning, Comes before and after night, One more clue, sweet Nature shows it If you glance at her aright. Whole. In the ever famous pages Of the paper Y. F. P., Week by week a battle rages, Who will tilt with C. P. C. P C. P. MITCHELL. (CzmRIsTELLA P. C.) 19.-My first denotes a company- Please guess it if you can; My second's a lady who'd despise The strongest love of man. For third an instrument put down- 'Tis used in every baud; My wshole's a very puzzling thing; You have it near your hand. G. PUDNEr. 20.-For first a colour bear in mind; A next I'm sure you often see: Whole's a last that's first, you'll find, SAnd now what will the answer be P O. LEIDIIOLD. MONOPHONE, (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 21.-William's heart was full of love, And the object of his passion Was no city lady bred- No vain votary of fashion, But a buxom country first, Who knew how to keep a dairy; When you think of her, think of Anything except a fairy. Will was poor, and Mary, too, But they both agreed to marry; And as still no richer they Grew, they said they would not tarry. Yet a dower Mary brought, Though her savings were but scant; This was a gigantic cow, Bred twixt cow and elephant. Joyfully they lived for years, Milk, and cheese, and butter selling; While their cot a double debt Paid, as dairy and as dwelling. And when the great creature died, 'Twas not such a serious matter; Mary then nezt milk herself With the aid of chalk and water. PATrcK S., Belfast. CUERTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-If a man and boy can mow a field In the half of half an hour, In what time would a guinea pig Eat a first of flour P If a dog and cat can kill a rat In less than half a minute, In half a hmundredweight of peas How many would be in it P If in a day a man can make a; A hundred penny tins, In what time would a lady's maid Fill a cart with pins P It took mo half an hour, or more These verses for next think; - In what time would theyhave been here, If I had Kpilled my ihk P W. J. Downs, Limavady.
META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word. 23.-There was a man named Jerry Blogge, A waterman by trade, sir, Who lived upon the " London fogs," And what by chance he made, sir. He loved to roam the ocean wave, And doated on his wherry; And for a better name he gave His boat the name of " Jerry." And often when he'd got a lift To row across the ferry, And people said his boat was swift, Then Bloggs would answer " Wery." Now in the town a certain sage Held classes, who debated Upon the princes of the age, And why they were created. One day, dissatisfied and late, As home from work returning, Bloggs chanced to pass this learred debate, So stopped to first the learning. And oh ! I think the "London fogs" Affected his old head, sir, For oh I he said he wasn't Bloggs, But Prince of Wales instead, sir. And so, next morning when he woke, He told his mates, the sailors, That if he warn't the Prince of Wa'os, He'd be the Prince of Whalers i And soon he bought a big harpoon, So bent was he on action, And harping still upon the tune, Created a distraction I And though they tried to wipe him down, They couldn't stop his piping; For, trumpeting his own renown, He rose against their wiping. And when to sea he did resort, His spirits rose so merry, That when the ship sailed from the port, He took to drinking sherry I And then at last the people said (Albhough he did not mind it), what as at home he'd lost his head, He'd gone to sea to find it." So people all who next this rhyme, Whatever be your failing, Don't go a-wailing o'er your woes, But drown your woes a-whaling I H. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ANAGRAMS ON WELL-KNOWN FLOWERS. 24.-When at our own house we arrived at last, My feet were very sore from walking fast. The long day is now drawing to a close, And every one will soon seek sweet repose. It lit up all the place with lurid light; We watched it from an overhanging height. Drown Spot ? I will not do the cruel thing; Unhappiness to many it would bring. He got ten Jrom me on-that very day, And has not paid them back, but gone away. Snap yelled and struggled, but we chained him tight, And left him there till we came home at night. I love it much too well to have it sold; I would not part with it for wealth of gold. IvaNHsoE, Belfast. ENIGMA. 25.-I' m a regular twister, twirling about; I twist to go in and I twist to. come out When young I received a sharp cut on the head, And the mark is there still, although it ne'er bled. There's a worm at my root, but it don't injure me, In fact, if it were not so, I should not be; I'm driven to go in a tortuous path, And a miserly fellow my name often hath; I am placed in a box, lowered into the grave, Yet never complain at the fate that I have. A. W. PEACOCK, Leeds. ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The answer Is a word composed of Roman numerals.) 26.-To a thousand and one, If you please add ten, A transitive verb, you Will surely have then. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundaltion Word. 27.-The centrals read across and through, A well-known word will bring to view. Cross Words. A vowel in my first is seen; My second is a measure; My third an Irish river is, Nezt is a Young Folks treasure My fifth means to be blithe and glad; Sixth is a well-known fruit; In last you see a consonant, Now, riddlers, are you mute ? G. FERnLEIGe, PALINDROME. (A word which read irckwards or forwards is still the same.) 28.-A woman's name Please find for me ; Reverse, and still The same you'll see. GoMAHAws.