IIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHA'?ADES.
(Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word) 1.-Tom Hodge, returning homeward late, Found he'd comoletely lost his way; He rubbed his ale-bemuddled pate, And gazed about him in dismay. Quite at a loss, he wandered on, When, starting back, he stared, to see A wondrous scene he'd come upon- A fairy midnight revelry I The fairies, head by one Puck, Attacked the whole with main and might, And thrashed him till he blessed the luck That kept him out so late at night. And then they led him round and round, And left him giddy, weak, and sore At his own cottage, safe and sound, Although of firsts he'd quite a score I With swollen head and aching limb, He told his strange and doleful tale; His second only answered him By softly, sweetly muriu'ring, " Ale!" G. Toyr. 2.-My first, a native of the ground, In English counties much prevails; My ncxt's in every county found; My whole was never out of Wales. C. Sytrt. 3.-My first you'll find beside the sea; My secona part of a pig will be; My wuhoie will bring, if guessed aright, A town in Sussex to your sight. 4.-Awaiting her lover, Miss Heavidunned sits; A rat-tat at the door- Her chair sOoni she quits. " Will you please second li.st :" How soft are her tones Enter, blue paper and Collector To:u J,nes. Her grief, oh ! 'twas awful, Her memory lax, Sihe had quits forgotten The dread total tax. P. G. A. 5.-Y >u'd like afiret, an i so should I, And many more, I kh-. But, life is such, too oft have we The pleasure to forego. Yet may a second oft be seen In every clime and zone, On which afirsl may e'en be found, To some one dearly kunt\vl. So with the true delights of 'hloie Can nothing htuIItni vi', Save love's st l otu pa.slol when 'tis true, And ratified on hlig. C. B. GILOI:tT, I.lington. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another wurt.) 6.-U riddlers of the " Tournament," It's nice to meet av:an ! Your happy faces clharmli me so, That really I would fain Compose for you a little con., As I have done before. 'Tis like a first of other days To see you all once more! And many, many times I hope We shall assemble here In friendly field to try our skill With keen yet har;mless setear. The other day my last I bought Of paper-stay I a last May be exaggeration, so I must not talk so fast; But still I have enou-ghl whereon To write of cons. a number, So hope our Ed. will not remark, "They're only so much lumber I" L..YrTIE WV. 7.-In the first.room is a next Sitting still, Though sIte ought to learn her text, Doing nil. Then the teacher grew quite vex'd, Saul, " You n uglh'y little next, Why will you not learn your text ?" " Please, I'm ill." F. VEBB. 3.-If I could first, desire I should To second third one i could find, Who may to Reason's arms be wooed, And when aroused be just and kind. R. C. LovELEss, Birmingham. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Oh, Ed., excuse this rhyme; How hard it tries to grow ! It's work enough for two, Don't strike another blow. Heed my imploring look ('T must be with fancy's eye), Exert not thy vast power Its bad points to decry. Dear Ed., excuse this rhyme, Don't throw it first aside; You can't imamine how To better it I've tried. Look over all its faults, Just pass it, pl.a-e, I pray; And it your kindness next A thousand-fold repay. F. G. WEBB. 10.-An aged squire. one winter day, Went with a first to lead the way For a short ramble in his fields, But strayed too far on soil which yields, And then doth surely, tightly hold All victims in its grasp so cold. But servants save hint-save his life, Ending his pain and cold and strife; For soon a second to a friend Proclaims he's third. So now I'll end. AGONISTES. 11.--Dear riddling bards, what's gane wraug noo ? The lang.kent names are giettin' few ; Oor Ed. has said nae half enou' The first will court. I doobt yer.yonthfu' lhieds are fu' 0' love an' sport. Lang syne ye gar't fair Musa tingle, Wi' cons. that lood wi' wit did jingle, 'Twas then a host o' names did mingle On " R.T.'s " page. Mony the topmost place did single- 'Twas a' the rage. But noo oor files are giettin' lean, An' like to fa' to earth, I ween. Ye weel.hkent bards wi' splendour sheen Licht up ilk column,. An' mak' the files unto Ed.'s een A bulky volume. DI)ear Marion Taylor, or emuress, Some wining next lay on wi' stress; Sae sweet a voice sud inak', I guess, A great impression, An' mak' them sen' cons. to the press Withoot cessation. D. ScoTT, Newtongrange. REVERSION. A word which read backward forms another word.) 12.-I am composed of letters four, To find me I must tell you more ; When you have found me, I've no doubt, They show what all can do without; These little letters now reverse, Then unto you I shall rehe:arse What one and all would like to do, If not, I think they are but fetw. ANmIF S. GroPEs E.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another Wor5 13.-The shades of night were falling fast, When under Myra's window passed A youth who sane, in accents " nice," His woe to Myra's heart of ice, " Excelsior !" His brow was sad, but firm he first (In tones through which his pa-sion burst) By his true next (which he ne'er bore), He'd come to serenade no more. " Excelsior!" But soon the window blind is drawn. " Her face," he cried, " is as the dawn I" Above her fath.'r's candle shone, And from his lips escaped a groan, " Excelsiur !" He turned to fly-oh, piteous sight I A watch-do; comes to speed his flight; And o'er a fence besmeared with tar He tumbles like a shooting star. " Excelsior i" Dias.a 14.-As I look o'er our " Tonrney," it pains me to find That many old tilters are left far behind, Who many a long year have fought hard for fame; Now seldom we see their familiar name. How first last our " Tourney " they leave one by on, And true.hearted brothers they now seem to shun, Who've fought side by side in the midst of the fray, And now like a shadow they vanish away ? Come, gird on your armour and takeyourgood swore., Desert not our " Tourney ;" pray lirt to my wort ds: Let not young recruits lut suchl old knights .to on ,o Who've won for themselves such a high honoured un:~u M. L. RAW, Bradtl,1. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordls, Foundation 1Yord. 15.-" Farewell, mly love, I'll drink to thee," A brave young kuight Iou I cried ; " Say, love, thou'lt promise ime to I,-- When I return-my bride?" The d mnsel lowly murmured, " Yes," And lingered in his Loud care-s. Then he raised primal to his lips, And drank his f fir one's beauty; Then girt his sword about his hips, Anmd swore to do his duty. He kissed his fair love through her tears, And banished from her all her fears. Crows l'ords. His first had fallen o'er his brow, Methinks I even see him now. Thbs, as you'll find, me ins to combine; And last will name a rare old wine. Acnosrt rs. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (Tie initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a worl. Folndation Ill'ords. 1B.--n snowy wreaths it rises to the sky, Disso viug as it mounts and climbs on high. As Luna shone above u-, clear and bright, A cloud did this and hid her from our si-ht. No doubt you'll solve our very simple cau.; At finals, you'll say 'tis an easy one. Croess l' ords. Within the mart she kept a first, ard sold IHcr wares. Poor womanu, she's grown wan and o0:d. We mean to make this riddle plain and next, So that by it you will not be perplexed. In third a lady's name to yox is shown; I know a lass who this sam:e name dues own. " You are a pair of fourth," he then did roar ; " Such foolishness I never saw before!" A dear old friend I final yesterday, And to my house a visit he did pay. PICKE INGy AND ]lAT1:S. DELETION. (Dl)rop a letter from the worild choslln, leaving annther r I. 17.-HIarry went home One nihlit in a pitiful plihl:, His apparel was " coa'el " rwithI p tint ',ale was Harry, yes, white ; anld his step was note liht, F'or, to tell y.u the truth, he felt faint. Yes, and when on that night of his home he caught sight, Sadly thought of his pa's little cane; Be did slacken his pace, for he felt his disgrace, And first after felt something like pain. But his pa asked hi:u first, as his auger he raised, As he flourished a stick o'er his head: " Tell me why you are late, and in such a sad state! Boy, you ought to be now in your bed !" Said that mischievous last, as he stood there aghast, " It's not my fault, papa, that I'm late; By wet paint I was bound (till I came to the ground) ;o a lamp-post-'tis true what I state. " So pray do not be rough, for I'm ' sticky ' enough With this "- " Hold !" said his pa, " say no more!" And he gave him a thwack on his plump little back, Which, to use Harry's words, " touched him sore." ARCHER B., Kentish Town. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop alelter from the centre of a worl to form another.) 18.-This is a certain kind of tree; A letter now delete; A term denoting gender you Will then possess complete. Insm'ta ArtR, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavings another word.) 19.-Some amateurs the other night Played Shakespeare's famous play Called " Romeo and Jullet " In such a funny way, They thought to act it properly, And lots of things they bought: A wig that wouldn't fit at all, A pair of tights too short. The scenery was beautiful, Though at it some did scoff, For when the man had pushed it on, He couldn't get it off. Last band could not strike up b.c:uase Their instruments were lost ; But music they resolved to have, No matter what the cost. First went and fetched an organ.man From out the nearest street, Andi as he drew his organ in The audience stamped their feet. But though the music they had fou d, There was no Flay that night, For Romeo hadl sneakedl away And gone home ill with fright. J. G. BOOMttFtLD. PALINDROME. (A word which read hbacksards or forwrards is still the sams.) 20.,-My riddle is, I greatly fear, Very ill and odtd to guess, It lies 'mid mountains high and drear W, ithin the shire of Inverness; A Highland glen to understand That each and all who choose may trys It lies upon the west muinland, And opposite the Isle of Skye. T ). D. MIACDONALDo