RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION.
1.-Dear Ed. and Young Folks, when the world was young and-well, not wise, The ancients wrote the proverbs which some moderns highly prize; Now, some one ought to pass some laws to stop each witless sage From using venerable saws unsuited to the age. 'The early bird will catch the worm." That proverb "will not wash;" It is-to use a classic term-unmitigstsd bosh! Suppose the worm should lie abed much later than the bird- But, there, need any more be said P The idea's absurd I The early bird would catch the croup; the worm-pre. cocions elf I- Would watch poor Dicky's feathers droop, and chuckle to himself. The worm of former ages might the bird anticipate, And even stay up all the night, and calmly wait his fate; The modern worm would " do it grand," and send his servant down To give the bird to understand that " Worm is out of town I" "The stillest tongue, the wisest head." Oh, is it now P By gum I Well, that eclipses all we've readl Suppose the man is dumb? Those two examples should suffice to illustrate our views (We've given them with just a spice of humour to amuse!). We are two gay philosophers, and, being such, we may Assume that you, enlightened sirs, agree with what we say. The worm, as we have pictured it (that is, you know, in song), Is not like Darwin's worm a bit-but Darwin may be wrong. Still, if you don't precisely catch the idea, don't fuss, But come one day to Colney Hatch, and ask for Born or Us. REVERSION. 2.-The dying light, with tender glow, Has flushed the rose's drooping snow. Faint with its own perfume, it sinks On Irem's marble bowers, And music's sound, with golden links, Enchains the rosy hours, As Zela's voice all softly falls, Like fountain's flow through harem walls. But fades the purple glow away, And changed the voice and sad the lay. " Oh, where art thou to whom my soul Has given its first and dearest feeling ? While time his silent course doth roll, And year by year is onward stea'ing, My heart, while thou art firsts away, Is only thine, and thine for aye I" She pauses-on the silent night Echoes a footstep firm, yet light; The warm blood dyes the maiden's brow- Ah, second, sweet shall be the meeting ! The silver moon is shining now, And heart to heart is fondly beating. Not time shall mar, nor even death, The love that warms their latest breath. ASPEN. METAGRAM. 8.-" Life," says one, "'s a fleeting vision- Here to-day, to.morrow gone, Like a dream of foul derision, Sorrows many, pleasures none." Others we may find repining, Magnifyi g ev'ry woe, Some to fretfulness inclining, As they on through life do go. Some, a prey to listless folly. Cares first troubles see twice o'er; In a maze of melancholy, Last their days for evermore. Better far be up and doing; Joys, like chances, slip away. Pass not days in vain pursuing; Hope for more another day. Pino. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Cross Words. 4.-You will see my first in rolled; Of a bird you now take hold; My sister now is this years old; Now a metal-'tisn't gold; Last is certainly in wold. Foundation Word. Centrals will a name unfold For a youth, brave, true, and bold. W. D. PIcxzaina. ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 5.-T owards the west the sun is sinking in a crimson glow; P ale and bright the stars are blinking on the earth below; D aisles small the dew are drinking, ere to rest they go; O 'er the hills the sun is staining with its crimson light, T elling us the day is waning, and the lovely, bright, C aim, pale first will next be reigning through the peace. ful night. H ear the cowslips and the heather, as the shadows creep, O f the glorious summer weather talk with interest deep; N ow they bow their heads together, and are next asleep. MAnIOn TArLon, Rock Ferry. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 6.-A youth of world-wide notoriety, Whose humour's remarkably quiet; he Good cons. does bring to us. Once he did sing to us, "Tra.la-la, tra.la.la, tra.la-liety I" Cross Words. 1,051 and sys Thin, weak, and slight; 601 ,, kew This isn't right; 500 ,, rybna Alcoholic drink; 1,002 ,, nage To conceive or think; 6 ,, ante Born in the place; 150 ,, ephetesaes A species of race; 50 ,, bruteo Disturbance, affliction I 1,501 ,, noyne A late work of fiction; 1,101 ,, eara A land of renown; 151 ,, ban A famed Irish town. BARNETT DE BEAR. CHARADE, 7.-A first, no doubt, you oft have seen Upon this famous page- At least, 'twas famous when thereon The best their wits did wage. My szrt I saw out in a field, Where men at cricket played, And for long time within it sat, To mark the scores they made. So, leaving you the name to solve, No further will I say Than that I wish it you and all Who read this first to.day. ErazIro. ENIGMA. 8.-I am born when Sol, uprising, Tints with pink each fleecy cloud, When chanticleer is heralding The dawn with clarion loud. When the darkness falls, Pm dying, And the fair moon gilds my pall, And the breeze my dirge is sighing- Then I'm gone beyond recall. DECAPITATIONS. 9.-My first is a bright and a wild, dashing river, As fair as the Po or the broad Guadalquiver, And sweet to my nextis the sound of its tide, As I pass pleasant hours by its soft, mossy side. E. KETLL, Thomastown. 10.-An animal in whole is shown; But if it is bereft of head, I'm sure that every one will own Another one is left instead. R. Borw, Belfast.
OMEGBAM. 11.-Did ever you fancy your talents supreme, Or take up your pen in elation, And fill, to speak mildly, first half of a ream, In greatest of pre-cip.i.tation, Deciding, of course, to an Ed. it should go P But, ah I when it pays him a visit, He reads with a smile, and he answers you " No 1" Well, that isn't pleasant-now, is it ? Did ever you skim o'er the shimmering main, In spite of old sailors prophetic, And feel very next as it soon became plain The ocean's a rapid emetic P A suit of the best you have spoiled-how absurd That bystanders laughingly quiz it I When, horror I you notice on tar you have third. Well, that isn't pleasant-now, is it P Did ever you join in the amateur ranks (A character big you were taking), And find, as you tread the first step on the planks, Your courage completely forsaking P With many misgivings, the paper you scan, And read, " He was murdered exquisite, Though we never regretted the death of this man." Well, that isn't pleasant-now, is itP L. HA~ILTow. DECAPITATION. 12.-Luna's first light is streaming through the trees, Sweet Philomel is singing in the dell, The mill.stream's hum floats gently on the breeze, And with it comes the sound of evening bell. The children dancing on the village green, The blushing maiden with her loving swain, Complete of peace and happiness a scene Free from the ills which wealth brings in its train. For here, among the rough, untutored minds Of villagers, contentment reigns supreme, And hospitality, which second finds Due recognition in a poet's theme. D. G. HoaLea. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 13.-Hadrada, Norway's valiant king, A fleet unto our shore did bring, And landed on the Humber's coast Of spearmen brave a mighty host, But soon with outlawed primals brave In England gained a warrior's grave. The English king at Stamford Bridge Th' invaders met. Ridge upon ridge Of gleaming steel bold Norway stands, Under her valiant king's commands. Again and again the British horse The ranks of Norway strive to force. As billows beat against a rock, The serried ring withstands the shock, Till some, more ardent than the rest, After the warri,,r Saxons pressed. Through the wide gap the English pour Their eager horsemen, score on score, And, like a wedge, they cleave their foes, Dealing around them savage blows. Hadrada falls, pierced through the neck ; His warlike host, a perfect wreck, Fly in disorder o'er the plain, Leaving behind them countless slain. Cross Words. The British ships defeated here The fleets of France and Spain; This battle the brave English gained O'er France, in Queen Anne's reign; The rebel Hotspur here sustained Defeat, and, fighting, died; At fourth the Dutch the English fleet To mortal fight defied; The French and British here engaged And beat a Russian host; And last's a battle England gained On India's fertile coast. AGatRPL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 11.-rve studied and pondered, and often I've wondered Whatever the answers could be To primal and final, but had to resign all Pretensions of e'er setting free The answer to each. It was out of my reach As a riddler in Young Folks to shine. But I'll never give in' perhaps yet I may win, And be dowered with afflatus divine. Cross Words. The very thing you're reading My first will bring to view: For a cardinal point I'm pleading ; Third's a continent, 'tis true; Fourth will disclose a spice, sir, That's very hot, you'll find; Fifth is a girl so nice, sir- Her name dwells in my mind; Sixth is to help or rescue; A distance is my last. Now, sitting at your desk, you Should solve this riddle fast. SPOTSTROKE, Glasgow, TRANSPOSITION. 15.-I went to the sports, and, I tell you, 'twas fun To see all the horses come in at a run; But while watching the first, a poor horse tumbled down, And the man who was riding-him near broke his crown. I ran to the spot, o'er a second of ground, And when I arrived there the doctors had found That the man would recover, with patience and third- And that was the last of him I ever heard. Axr BOERMER, Shorncliffe. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 16.-To solve this puzzle, riddlers kind, Make not the least delay; For primals you must call to mind A well.known bird of prey. Cross Words. 100 and beareh A pretty flower; 50 ,, noospha He wears a crown; 100 ,, hawt This marks the hour; 551 ,, reak An Irish town. M. F. Gzaai, Fermoy. CHARADE. 17.-A colour my first; In next you may ride; My whole is in Yorkshire, And by the seaside. A. awD F. WILsos. DECAPITATIONS. 18.-A small seat if you behead, My next then comes to view; An article in all trades used Will then be seen by you, Ha. NgrT. 19.-On me they cut the wood, With many a sounding knock Cut otf my head, and in my stead I'm a thief's designs to block. H. Lsncox, Portsmouth. CONUNDRUr. 20.-My brother Jack and I were looking at the street- A regiment marching by did chance our eyes to meet. "Now, tell." said Jack, " what law in nature did you see When you those soldiers saw ? Come, find it out for me." GExaarns, Tralee.