RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, DUAGRAM. U (Change the first two letters of a Word to form another ord) 1.-Will +h n n o fa o tom f r a word.)
1.-Will there come a time, I wonder -- word) When all wrongs shall be made right When, upheld by strong reliance, Justice shall, with firm defiance, Shed abroad her glorious light, Tearing dark Deceit asunder ? Will there come a time, I wonder When all prejudice shall die When all cares and tribulatious Shall be driven from the nations; When the Truth we shall descry ' Through the clouds so dark to eulder? Will there come a time, I wonder, When all pride sl-'Fll pass awray When Huzuility's extensionii Shall denounce all condescension, And beneath Love's final sway Arrogance shall be kept under? Will there come a time, I wonder, When the cruel wars shall cease When the tumult and the rattle Of the home-destroying battle, By the mighty first of Peace, Shall be skillully kept under ? Will there come a time, I wonder, When all things shall be made ;,lain; When the radiant star of Reason Shall enjoy a lasting season, After years of doubt and pain, Which has parted hearts asunder ? MARIaon L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead, PRECE.OMEGRA]I., (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another w'rrd. 2.-Dear riddlers, I long to become a great bard I My first is intense, but the way's very hard ; I sit down to write with my pen in my hand, I use all the language I have at command, And yet, when my work is completed, I'a sure I'm just as far off from success as before. I've stared at my "die." for a week at a time ; i've picked out some phrases remarkably lprnl '; I've se"a up an ode cext each word a yard lng; I've written ten ballads on larks and their soug; To regions of fancy I've struggled to soar, And yet I'm as far from success as before. Twelve cons. I've compoped with a joke in each line And thought men would judge them exctedingly line I've written of weirdly hobgoblins and ghosts ; I've talked about sentries asleep at their posts; I've shown a new way to make babes cease to suar, And yet I'm as far from success as before. I've tried to be solemn, I've.tried to be gay, I've published a treatise on "lobsters at play;" I've lately invented a wonderful style For spinning off "Tournament" cons. by the rmil. And yet, though I've worked like a slave at his oar, I'm just as far off from success as before. F. CG. WEIe, Southwark, CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another wor'.) 3.-" Not guilty, your honour," the pris'ner repli.d; " I'm sure I had not too much fird. I second so little, I could not be last," He yelled with indignant outburst. " By /irst, foolish man," said the magistrate grim, " You'vd found your way hither, and so To hinder your coming again, my good man, To gaol for a fortnight you'll go." Petto. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.l Focundation Words. 4.-Shall'I write an epic poem, or a eulogy on war- Rave of steeds who, keen of scent, can sniff the battle from' afar, Or of heroes bold and daring who will make a name or die, And will dash into the malde with a well-known battle-cry ? Shall 1 pen a stirring lyric of old England's sailor sone, Who have nobly done their duty and died fighting at their guns? Or begin an ode to Nature with "The skies are blue above" ? I'll write a primal central Jfinal and the theme shall be of love. * * * * - Oh, alas for man's intentions I here I tried to get some praise, But I find. I've been debarred from gaining any-all through Hayes; For he's "rounded" on me cruelly,, and at my final knocks-- He has done' the cross words in a style that's very orthodox. Cross Wordcs. The doctor brought mersrimal and a potion, And bathed my injured parts with healing lotion. To na~ri thius Istrian seaport sow you're bound; 'Tis famous for the stone which there is found. I stood and'waited there-in eager third; But 'twas in vain; .he did not seep his word. One of a giant race you here descry; They lived upon the earth in days gone by. My little sister "Kate is quite a bore. " How fifth you are-j" I often madly roar. "Is not your wretched riddle finished last 7" You cry. It is. and down our pens we cast. W. D. PIcimmnee AND S. W. HAES. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well th initials. form a word, or words.) Foaundat on Words. 5.-As Queens of the 't Tofirhniment," humbly I greet ye: Long may you reign o'eror " Tournament" gayi Tempered with justice; I:hambly entreat ye To welcome this tribute;mny'homage to pay. Grosk Words' ' Y olked to the cars whichkbean their human freight, Onward it travels .through the murky night. U nmoved, he.bore most, agonigping ppin, N ever to rid himself of this again. " .. Greatness in almost every branch of art, F eT ever tlijtik, dends on this in part. L eeward; lhen'wilaiihadwr esi altrgemfi. teea y Kingsowp t,0 po4,paan.s I, e, anepry ag , & o6ughit o bd 'fhig ssaya e'nomnen ts to egage. Played on, this ilanl',mneiotidoth carm the eOr; A'lto or bass, it i nies 'resira'yclk a'. P er chanc yo 'veoro % i day, 'E, ~atpopnt 'ugh;displayed'dfl .:i'a array, H csplendem.- 61touo sgarngeyf.ddra e oy. CENTRAL' DELETIQN. (Drop aleotter from lthe.cntre of a-wor to form another.) 6.In fii'st you'll find asort of row IThat seldomcan be done with grace; The naiddile take away, and now : :: You'll see a part of onr-own f itic. s
MONOPHONES. Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) .While walkingfirst the city, t'other day, I heard some ragged little urchins say, ,,h what a toff 1" This was to me, and I Felt 9attered as I leisurely strolled by; Butpresently I came to underst.and That some outrageous joke they had on hand. ITwas boon revealed-tome mnld dropped on my hat, While they ran off and calmly grinned thereat. This was not all, for presently-unknown- They nea at my best coat a monstrous stone, At this, my temper up, I soon gave chase Blong the busy street--oh, such a race I Spectators clapped to see us fly along, while I, unheeding all the busy throng, Caoght one of them, and punched and swung him round, Till soon he lay exhausted on the ground. A policeman soon arrived and put things right: l'vo never been a "toiff," though, since that night. 1F. J. HODGES, Greenwich. g.What shall I do, dear ladies ? But I need not ask the question, Iy aid has been requested by " our queen," aGd so I'm bound to act upon Miss Taylor's kind suggestion, and -icld again the lance-the pen, I mean; Though as I hear your lyres resound with such poetic feeling, In concord with Queen Marion's usual fascinating style, r when I hear your tuneful songs such friendliness revealing, How can you wonder that I fold my arms and list awhile ? What can I do, O riddling ftrsts, so witty and so clever, Except revoke the words I spoke in May ? Could youresist Queen Marion's solicitation? "Never I" l'm certain you undoubtedly will say. Ind, "Tourney" men, stretch forth your hands, if you would please the ladies; Bring back the truant friend that may have gone astray the while, nad he may then aver with me, he never more afraid is, For I'll unfold my arms and write to win another smile. What can I do, Miss Taylor, but here thank you for the notice You've taken of my humble little lays ? E'en as I write this last, a grateful lump within my throat is, To think my efforts should receive your praise I Your kindly smile has well repaid all previous exertion I've made to furnish cdchtributions for the riddle file ; tnd gladly, for your sake, do I retract my rash assertion, For I'll unfold my arms and write to win another smile. ARcHER B.. Kentish Town. 9.-'Tis never too late to mend, First let us " Try again;" Remember to " Paddle your own canoe;" We wish for the vast in vain. A kind word never costs us much; Still water's deep, you'll find; The darkest hour precedes the dawn; Each cloud is silver.lined. Time and the tide for no man wait; Look well before you leap; The day is long that has no end; We 'next that we may reap. A friend in need is one indeed; Do as you'd be done by; List'ners hear no good of themselves; Before you are hurt, don't cry. Too late to prepare when the trumpet sounds; E'er look on the brighter side; If you live in a glass-house, don't throw stones; Wait for the turn of the tide. Keep away from school, and be a fool; Do kind acts when you can; 'Tis money makes the mare go on; 'Tis worth that makes the man. Forewarned is forearmed; Last is not always least; They laugh the best who laugh the last; Enough's as good as a feast. DEMANCHES. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. IThe nfirst letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 10.-It seems to me a good long time Since I a con. have written, So I'll sit down and try to rhyme A subject that I've " hit on." Now, let me see, what shall it be- A logogriph or betagram P Oh, both are much too hard for me; I think I'll try a metagram. But metagrams are rather hard, And so are omegrams, I'm sure; In fact, not one will suit this bard, Who's tried the muse in vain to lure. So for to-day, at any rate, I'll give up trying cons, to write; And with a sigh for my hard fate, Will wish you all a " sweet" good night. KATE F. ROYSTON, Birmingham. METAGRAMS. (Ohrngre the first letter of a word to form another word.) 11.--We stood amid the waving corn, Between the first the poppy shined; We breathed the scent of flowers borne Upon the gentle summer wind; For we were young and life was sweet, And Cupid next a flattering tale That made our-hearts with rapture beat, For Youth believes love cannot fail : Sweet joys that were too bright to last The weary years that fill our life; Yet hopes long buried in the past Once mnore with light and joy are rife. E. A. CRnoAR. 12.-Well, boys, what's up P-Oh, nothing much; Two silly men have first, For second, too; one wants a crutch- He seems to be the worst. A young man once next for a shop, For so I've heard them say, And last him one. But I must stop, So now I'll say good day. P. C., Wavertree. 13.-My first oft tries to catch a nest, And if she fails, is very vexed. SABwA. ENIGMBA. 14.-I am in steel, I am in bone, I am in pitcher, I am in atone; I am in sugar, I am in tea,
I am in river, I am in sea. Here are six colours In which I am seen: Red, blue, and yellow, White, purple, and green. From the above you will see I'm not a rare thing Par from it, my friends- rm in everything. But now, till next week, I will wish you good-bye; In the meantime, I hope You will solve what Am I. S. J. B. Lrwis. Wellington.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 15.-As the moon all other lights Of the evening sky outshines, So our queen, o'er maids and knights, Holds pre-emiuence by her lines- Lines with glowing thoughts replete, And in graceful guises clad, Born from contemplation sweet, Making every reader glad. Long may our bright queen be spared To grace the " Tourney" with her name; Long may she-to all endeared- Wield her pen and gather fame. Up Parnassus' flow'ry height Long may she her way put sue, Till, to our poor, mundane sight, She is lost in cloudlets blue. Other knights have sung the praise Of the ''Tourney's" queen of song; And I (though in humbler lays), Would the joyous theme prolong. Dearer be-as it has been- This theme to all maids and knights Than the brightest golden dream Seen in Fancy's highest flights. Though I late my devoirs pay, This, my con., I now present, Wishing joy in every way To the queen of " Tournament." PATRICK. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 16.-Again I've come to trouble you With my insipid talk ; V But, perhaps, instead of reading this, You'd better take a walk. But now, as you have read so first, You might read to the end; For I am off to London soon To see a next, or friend. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 17.-'Tis midnight, and dark clouds have rolled before The pale moon's face-her rays are seen no more; O'er valley, hill, and dale, all, all is still, Dark night all nature seems to shroud and chill. At such a time as this, Herne's demon band Rove through the forest at their chief's command, On coal-black steeds, with eyes whose fiery glare Affright the startled stag from out its lair. It is an old wife's tale, so say the few, But, by the first, 'tis true, ay, marry, true. Hark to that sound I the demon huntsman's horn Upon our straining ear's now faintly borne; They come-the wild, affrighted stag's in view, Fast followed by the howling demon crew. Up bill, down dell, through bush and brake they go, Their pathway lighted by the fiery glow That seems to hang around each figure there, On man, and horse, and ragged antlers bare. The blue forked lightning darts across the sky, And swifter still the demons seem to fly; The wearied stag sinks panting to the ground, And with wild yells the hunters on it bound. But hark I A bell rings forth the bour of prayer, And ere the last note dies upon the air, A next within an oak tree opens wide, And Herne's wild hunters disappear inside. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-By the sea I On the sandy shore of the mighty sea, Where the waves are rippling in harmony, Where the fisher's boat Doth securely float, First the breezes join in the melody. By the seal I wait for next o'erling'ring sail, With heart that sinks, and cheeks that pale, And I gaze on high At the dark'ning sky, Which plainly tells of the coming gale. By the sea I When lightnings flash and thunders roar, And waves dash madly 'gainst the shore; When a cry of despair Is borne on the air, And hearts in pity are aching and sore. By the sea I When the misty grey of the morning's light Has awakened the slumbers of inky night, And each in pain Their sad eyes strain For a view of the ship that has sunk from sight, By the sea I By the side of the great, the boundless sea, Whose waves now ripple so bright and free, But who has sent, With rage ill-spent, So many a soul to eternity. EXCELSOR, 19.-Violets sweet, violets blue, Bright earth-born stars of day, With heaven-aspiring firsts I view Your blossoms by the way, Where, blooming on your grassy beds, That showers of dust begrime, You lift, unsoiled, your shining heads So modest and sublime. Methinks like you are lives divine : Last toiling in the dust Of strife, still pure their hearts, and shine Their brows with heavenly trust. And 'twas an angel's hand, I deem, That cast your seeds so near The wayside, that your heavenly beam Each pilgriun's heart might cheer. T. NixoN, Dudley Colliery. -4-*