;I)DLE TOURNAMENT. NAERATIVE DUAGRAI.
Sfras tto letters of a tt- rd ov form another waord, ex- p-essed in tlhe narratlv'.J. (With apologies to " The Mikadio.") h ights of old were fierce and bold, and fought th o ndro u s sd m , I know sose braver knights, whose deeds are 'der still; fiht with lances tipped with ink, and each with dor tr dard f Y. F. P. and land it to the skies. e" D. Taylor of Warrington, S. Wood, and C. e,0oson, and Jo-King, who writes a goodly con.; obert, surnamed le Diable, and all the clever crew; iprtend to name them all as I should like to do. Mt? My object all sublime I shall achieve in time, make each " Tourney" maid and knight the subject o a rhyme; I hope they won't resent My very good intent, hat they will appreciate the delicate compliment. knights are cheered by ladies fair, who sing such gloats' songs Iln gers to the" Tourney" flock in eager, listening throng all that joyous croup encourages the rest, it awards a laurel wreath to one who fights with aids of honour are so sweet-there's Edie Rendle Jeunie Arthur, who is missed whene'er she stays Nellie Watson frank and fair, Amy and Clara, too; praises I could gladly sing the livelong day to you. My object all sublime I shall achieve in time, make each " Tourney" maid and knight the subject eta rhyme; I hope they won't resent My very good intent, that they will appreciate the delicate compliment. Q EENIE, Chester. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. tie frst letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) w-'Tis eventide; the bells are chiming Songs of sweetest melody, And the heavenly strains are wasted By soft zephyrs o'er the lea. Angel.voices gently calling, Heard but by the poet-ear, Seem the rippling peals and echoes Of the bells in Ahameer! Tremulous each note and thrilling Borne upon the even air, And the earth, the sea, and heavens List enthralled the feast to share; Each enamoured of the music, Buoyant waves repeat the sound, Anti the echoes are returnid By Dame Nature's hosts around. Ev'ry leaf and ev'ry flower Fain would learn the sweet refrain, As, awaking from their slumbers, They to sleep are lulled again. Nature's myriad garbs and beauties Hail with joy the vesper-call, And to man it is apparent Music gives new life to all. A. R. S. AND V. D. T. NARRATIVE METAGRAM1S. I~t letter ol a word is clhanged, to form another word in the narrative.) with happiness I take my pen (a Pickwick, by the cay), all upon you, riddlers mine, to listen to my lay; SIsal, and rather gay-'tis a eulogy e ery clever riddles of my friend A. Amberley. the, from Manchester, and very well you know it, the very simple reason every riddler is a poet ; hathas that to do with this most handsome eulogy the very clever riddles of my friend A. Amberley ? chester is a city, which of course you all well know, stuas not very far from off the Mersey's flow, it- ch? You say you can't see the eulogy every clever riddles of my friend A. Amberley! Ia!l that real ungrateful-don't you think so P- der I been trying to make things come out in order apple stopped right in the middle of this great eulogy avery clever riddles of my friend A. Amberley. lignsted I Yes, I really am; so listen, riddlers here, Shik I cannot do it, for I'm known both far and Sill not treat you now unto that bright eulogy e very clever riddles of my friend A. Amberley. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. the k en observant eye it is easy to descry n certain youth, whose name and forte is "Jo- Kieg," ting in the " T." much delight and loyalty, th re in all his cons. is fairly smoking. nareh of the " T." may his name prolonged be, himself Unto his subjects be subjected la the varied Stocks of the fun with which .he heart until of dull care disinfected. ts"Jo.Kiag"-my Jo-I'm indebted, you must sOme words of praise I vainly hope I merit; ,,t h these means I found that "Jo-King." the li.T."reiowned Stocks, although I'd pose not as a ferret. arrior, Stock .o "Jo-ing," style the "Tourney" Whiord hbock-ak)ing;" should he be a king who scorns to barter, ighns kngs he can tie ribbons blue to keep them assuming, sirs, the " Order of the Garter." V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. ENIGMAS. -I am a leaf, although I'm white-- A fly I'm called by many; 'm always first to catch your sight; A blank I am, if any. I'm always first to lead the way, I'm straight, although I bend; If first or last, I always stay To see from end to end. G. W. HArsoAN. 6'-Comes from town or country ; Fistly packed in straw; 't for king or peasant; Eaten cooked or raw. H. CARaTEn. IPormed OCHARADE. ofe n a word each syllable of which is a word.) ittle ftoal, so jls'st and so neat, ThBehsgwi y in some lone forest dell, otlul rt o as the last half so sweet, S u oved by us all quite as well. CA IRA, Edmonton.
META.OMEGRAI. (Ohanlne the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 8.-G allant knight, I come before you with a cordial salutation, E ager to extend a welcome, and express appreciation O f your neat acrostic verses wherein gracefully you name us; R eally proud was I to find myself in company so famous. G lancing back on former 2primal, I behold with satisfac- tion E very " Tournamental" feat of arms within the field of action ; G lad to see our new-made knight enlisted in the compe. tition, W ith his trusty steel and second mien, bespeaking youth's ambition. Y et the thought will oft intrude that perhaps an old. time friend is posing 'N eath a strange disguise which baffles all our efforts at disclosing. N ow with earnest hope that laurels fresh and fair you may be gaining Each successive week, I say good-bye, your constant friend remaining. Any BOEHa ER. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavins another word.) 9.-When the lamps were dimly shining, I upon my couch reclining, For an inspiration pining, fast within my study closed, Came upon my window tapping, of the hands a gentle clapping- Test to see if I were napping by the knocker, I supposed. On my feet then quickly springing, from the wall a picture bringing, I beheld the open flinging of the window, and before Eyes that saw the feat astounding, to the floor came lightly bounding Queerest being ever found in fairy tale or nursery lore. Down upon his haunches bending, jewelled wand to me extending, Came his voice-delicious blending of a screech and 'thunder's roar- "Mortal, mark my words! Their use is plainly shown as list'ner chooses. Hear this message from the Muses ! (What ! he first towards the door ?) Wherefore now art thou retreating? Where's th' expected friendly greeting Consequent on such a meeting as the present, tell me, pray l" And his tones quite injured sounded-evidence he was astounded By the coldness which surrounded me--no word had I to say ! "Art thou fired by ambition ?" asked he, changing his position: " Wouldst thou know a quick transition to a land where lie in store Friends and honour, for the earning ?-friends a paltry action spurning, With enthusiasm burning ever to attain the fore. Take this wand, feel inspiration; leave this poor benighted nation, Seek a more exalted station, waiting to be called thy own 1 Travel forward on thy journey, prove thy prowess in the 'Tourney,' Rest delighted in the bourne, elated at the welcome shown. "Ev'ry knight shall call thee brother, ladies fair with kisses smother; Say, now, what inducements other needed are to warm thy soul ?" And with smile of lengthy measure, waiting for my answ'ring pleasure, Leaned he back to note at leisure what emotions o'er me stole. When I of the wand was holder, every fancy blossomed bolder, In a style no longer cold an answer thus to him I spake: " Lead me, wise one, where thou'rt willing! All my soul with fire is filling; Though thejourney cost-a shilling, yet it will I under- take!" Then, with visage broader smiling, in a voice like iron filing, Came his answer-such a style in as to make me start aghast : "Start thou earlyon thyjourney I Seek Olympia ! Find the 'Tourney l' Ne'er wilt thou have cause to mourn in sadness o'er departed last." And with speed my pen refuses to describe, back to the Muses Disappeared the queer one-ruses, trickery, no portion played. (Such a tempting invitation met my fullest approbation, So I made all preparation that his words should be obeyed.) TaE BLACK PRINCE, Manchester. 10.-Be kind to the poor street urchin, Be kind to the arab lad; For his life is chequered and stormy, And his path in life is sad. I was kind to the poor street urchin, Though he stripped my apple tree, Though he broke a pane in my window, And thumbed his nose at me. I was kind to the poor street urchin, Next filled his first with bread; And he thanked me with dumb emotion By standing on his head. I was kind to the starving arab, And gave him a silver groat; But the thankless urchin answered, " Please, sir, can you spare your coat ?" I was kind to the begging arab- Yes, unto the beggar lad; For he touched my heart as he said that I Was the only friend he had. H. Cox, Birkenhead. 11.-If I'd used first, I had not left My parapluie in the train. Second my hat of gloss bereft- I'll never be so slack again. MADEIRA. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 12.-Oh, how I have striven to pose as a martyr- To preach reformation and remedy wrongs; A watchword of freedom to take as a charter, And liberate slaves as we read of in songs I And as a relief to the meaningless chatter In the Houses of Parliament first now and then, To speak with a far-seeing knoivwledge, and scatter The cobwebs of time from the minds of all men. But, alas! reformation's accomplished already- The death-knell of slavery long has been rung, And songs with a chorus of "Steady, boys, steady !" Too soon for the bard have already been sung. As the commonplace last needeth not my assistance- No champion of freedom is needed as yet- Shall I sit down and mourn o'er my "blighted existence" P Shall my "J," "'like a bird," scatter forth my regret ? No, never ! Although I mayn't shine as a martyr, O'er my lowly position I will not repent; The grapes are too sour, so my place I'll not barter But to slave (P) for a "century ".a year I'm content. T. CARPENT~ E, Clapton. CONUNDBUM. 18.-Come, riddlers, here's a con. for you to answer if you can: What figure and letter would be welcome to a blind maa P W. A, LawCsToN.
PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 14.-Oh, very, very poor am I, And very hard I work; From mi rping until eve I ply Th pen I dare not shirk. But though I work without a pause, And though so bad my cough is, I have to leave the office, 'cause My hands can't do their office! My form is first, my mouth is wide, My face is like a sheet; And I am seldom satisfied Because I seldom eat. And I would starve and die, I think; But when I want a cooler, I take a swig of writing-ink And chaw the office ruler 1 And it was but the other day- It is the truth I speak- No food had ever come my way For nearly half a week; So as the chiefs had turned their backs To dine and read their papers, I stole the key and sucked the wax From off the office tapers. I wish I was a shopman sly, For, oh, I've heard it told That when a man goes in to buy, He's sure to come out sold. And last I would grow fat and well; For don't the bobbies tell us That those "phenooks " who buy and sell Are always double sellers ! I wish I was, oh, far away; I wish I was at sea; I wish, O reader bright and gay, I wish that you were me. Ah, yes, I wish that I were you, And that I'd never rue it; I wish that I'd some work to do, And I wish that I could do it! H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to foterm another word.) 15.-I tried to guess, the other day, A riddle in these pages; I'm certain Ifirst safely say 'Twould have puzzled sages. Wearied, I muttered, with a sigh, " I have to give it up; for why Should I sit here and rack my brain ? I'll know the answer soon again." As I muttered this in sorrow, Came a voice in sweet refrain, "Leave it not until the morrow; Try, oh, try it once again." Down I sat and tried once more- Tried once more with all my might; And I was successful, for Soon I guessed the riddle right. If your way through life is dreary, And you're tossed by many a gale, Do not grow faint-hearted, weary, If you ever chance to fail: But commence anew, and never, Never think "'tis all in vain;" Be a last, successful ever, If you try but once again. ., W. M'DONNELL, Dublin. 16.-A teacher to a boy once said, "'Grateful' to me please spell; But careful be, and spell it frst, Or you I next expel." The boy stammered for a while, And next gazed round the school, Then spelt it wrung, so the master said, " Well, you are a great fool. "But I will give another chance, So to me please spell ' spire;'" He could not, so he thought that he Would instantly expire. Then the master lifted up the cane, And fell on that poor fellow; And until with heat he did perspire, He made him loudly bellow. .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. TRANSPOSITIONS. (TransDose the letters in a word to formn another word.) 17.-Some time ago I sat me down To write a little con.; And very soon I had resolved What I would write upon. "The glorious sprigg shall be my theme, For well may any man Sing sweetest songs in praise of her." And se I thus began: "Oh, balmy spring, whose "- Here I stopped, For flashing through my mind Came thoughts of former first on spring Which were with thanks declined. "Oho I" thought I, " this ne'er will do- Some theme I qpust select Which e'en our stony-hearted Ed. Will surely not reject." And so I warbled of the moon, The stars, the air, the sky, And of the great and mighty deep When tempests thundered high; I sang of fair and sunny lands, Of valley, hill, and dale; But still the cruel words came back- "Your subjects are too stale." My woeful lot I now bemoan; And next it not seem hard That all these themes are seized upon By every would-be bard ? But still I bowed to fate, and soon Decided what to do; Some verse on nothing then I wrote, Which now I send to you. C. F. BARXER, Wood Green. 18.-A ship was sailing over the sea, Above her deck swung merrily A hammock strong, with a lady long Resting within it, and humming a song. Swinging so lazily, floating so free, So gentle and calm, quite peaceful to see; But she was so tall, was the fair Angeline, A first slight as hers you can never have seen. But what is that cry so wild ? do but listen, As the sun warmly beams and the blue waves glisten. Oh I hear that wild cry wasted over the tide, "The wind has blown Angeline over the side I" See I last the depths of the sea they come quick, Something is muttering faint, " I'm so sick i" Can it be Angeline, fair, yet so frail, That leans on the seamen, so shockingly pale, Murmuring softly, "Father, my own, Your dear Angelina has-swallowed a bone." She gives a big cough, then she shakes her fair head, And the bone in the windpipe of Beauty has fled. LA MYSTERIE. 19--Transpose few and far between; To raise up wil then be seen. LITTLE Bo-PEEP.
NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex' pressed In the narrative.) 20.-Two merry maidens, sirs, are we, Remember; Two modest tilters in the " T.," Whose fondest pleasure is to be Of service to each he aud she, And be the source of mirth :and glee, To bid the drooping shad .ws flee, And spread enjoymen -wild and free, Remember! Two sprightly lasses here descry, Remember, Who spell the word " sigh " with an eye (i), To make the face look very wry; Some people say we are to "fly," Which daring insect, by-the-by, Appears aught nasal to defy, Unless you make a "special" try, Remember! Two very modest maidens, please Remember, Who would not condescend to tease, Unless by chance you heard us sneeze, Which swift would take you to your knees, Or to your legs, or on the breeze (Within the sneeze) seek quick release- Remember. VIOLET DAVIES AND AMY DENNY. OMEGRAMS. (The lastletter of a word is changed to form another war.l.) 21.-What makes this man so sad to.day, I wonder P Why does he seem so mad to-day, I wonder P What causes him to darkly frown, And cast hisfirst so madly down. And wildly rush about the town, I wonder ? What makes him tear away his hair, I wonder ? Why looks he with that vacant stare, I wonder ? His eyes near starting from his head, His face the colour of the dead: From an asylum has he fled, I wonder ? Has misfortune turned his brain, I wonder P Or has he had some bitter pain, I wonder ? A man with garments very torn Turns round and says with withering scorn, " Why, some one's trod upon his corn." Oh, thunder ! E. N. H~a.nns. 22.-I'm afonal, whose name is Timotheus Toggs, Who's sure to be famous some day ; My l)rirals won't perish in Lethe's dark flood, " Because they ain't built that way." My friends they all tell me I'll never succeed; "Aud what is the reason ?" I say. Why, each of them instantly auwcrs me thus : " Because you ain't built that way. "A fiaal requires to be moulded and made From a kind of aesthetical clay ; " We're sure that a final you'll never become, Because you ain't built that way." I scorned their advice and worked manfully on In a trade that I'm certain will pay ; Though many another may fail to succeed, "Because he ain't built that way." LIGreim. DUAGRA!IM, (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 23.-C ould anything beat our delicious Young Folls, L iveliest paper that's out ? A journal replete with good first and sweet rhyme, Right well does it help us to spend a good time, A nd puts all "the blues" quick to rout. E aoh Wednesday, as sure as that great day comes round, D o I read all its stories and jokes, I call upon lest, then, who think just the same T o shout loud and long and proudly exclaim, " Hurrah for delicious Young Folks!" G. GWYNNE. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, deoapitatler, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a periest word after ean operation.) 24.-Complete, I am a kind of gift; If you will my head but lift, You then will see A verb which means to take offence; Transpose, and with my head dispense, Then I shall be A part of every verb, 'tis plain; Curtail now twice, and I remain A number; then Reverse me for the last, and you Will see what's very useful to All fishermen. CAIOLINE HOLLOWAY. 25.--Myfirst I am sure you all have seen Around your pictures at home, I ween; Now, if you behead and then transpose, A kind of measure 'twill then disclose; Delete, and then you will have in view A kind of cattle well known to you; Behead, reverse, and then discover A word that's somQtimes used for mother. HIAWATHA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 26.-In first a well.known wine You will very quickly view; Curtail, and now you'll find An Irish county's shown to you. A. A. DYKES, Southampton.