Our friend F. W. BINSTEAD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. My first's a small chopper, and useful, I wis, To woodcutters and (this is just for rhyme) sawyers. A difficult q;sestion to answer it is, Whose first is the longer-a stork's or a lawyer's ? My second's a good thing to have, if it's strong, True, upright, and just, for 'twill keep you from wrong. Besides, if your second is staunch, on my word, 'Twill greatly assist you in climbing life's third. 'Twas down a third, too (so I've read in a rhyme), My poor little fourth tumbled once on a time. While talking of thirds, too, I mindful should be To say on a third oft a fifth you will see. So, good-bye, Young Folks, I must wind up my song, For the Editor now won't have cons. that are long. F. W. BINSTEAD. CHARADE. No. 2. It was a peaceful wayside first Presented to our view, And by its porch a maiden stood, A youth was with her, too. Lovers they were; they had to part- He had to go to sea. " Gifts third I'll second you, my sweet," Full lovingly said he. He turned and went, a bird flew down, Far down from its fourth nest; It rested on her hand, and then She clasped it to her breast. They never met each other more. Whilst he sailed on the main, A wicked whole burned down their house Ere he returned again. SEDTY. CONUNDRUM. No. 3. What passage in "Hamlet" do these letters represent ? KI NI DECAPITATION. No. 4. Old Simon Rattler was awfully rich- Awfully rich In money or lands (but it matters not which), And handfuls of-silver to beggars he'd pitch. Wealth couldn't prevent it ; old Simon fell ill- Suddenly ill. In an uneasy third he was always, until He had settled his mind by his making a will. But he died, though of med'cines, attention, and care He'd a good share; What's more, he died first, which is naught very rare, And the whole of his second he left to his heir. ALEx S., Glasgow. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. Oh, sweet it is in primals' reign To wander o'er the grassy lea, And sweet to see the leaves again Appear on every bush and tree I But sweeter 'tis in final's days To wander in the woods so free, And listen to the mingled lays Of birds that sing so merrily. Cross Words. "Oh, Ned, ma says I cannot go To-day to play with you." "And why P'° "Because I did not know The chief town of Peru." " Confined in this large room all day, And not let play with me, Although I'm sorry, I must say You well deserve to be. Your task you should have done, you know." " I'll name it now," said Fred. He did so, and was then let go To gather flowers with Ned. Explanatory Verse. Now, six words sort out, and then, without doubt, What I've in " Foundation Words" hidden You quickly will view. Now, riddlers, go do Immediately what I have bidden. T. O'CoNoRn, Kinsale. OMEGRAM. No. 6. First's a "token of the eye ;" Kindly change the tail, Then, I think, you will descry What is oft a gale. Change again, you'll find with ease A drink of which you've heard; Once more change, and you will see A part of every bird. W. D. Pcnxanaio. CURTAILMENT. No. 7. Take a pattern or copy, Curtail it for me, When a word that means fashion I think you will see. VYNro, Lambeth.
ENIGMA. No. 8. The subject's not political, That-I now write upon; In fact, this rhyme of wit I call A modest little con. I'm found 'mongst the nobility, Or in the humble cot; When treated with civility, Then happy is my lot. But often at the dawn o' day I light the kitchen fire, And when -my heart is torn away 'Twill soon arouse my ire. I'm sometimes hung upon a string Amidst the dust and noise, And ever and anon I bring Great pleasure to the boys. I am amusing and refined, And if my name you seek, You'll find it if you will be kind, And wait till this day week. F. R. CouLsoa, Bow. CHARADE. No. 9. The shouts of the foeman are borne on the air, The wounded and dying are seen everywhere, The merciless cannon spreads death all around, And soldiers each minute are struck to the ground. Soldiers, stand firm, for the foemen advance I On they come madly, with gay.pennoned lance. First not, brave brothers, the danger is past; For England and honour we'll fight to the latt. Hoarse shouts of vengeance we hear from afar; Men are laid low by the grim fiend of war; Horses plunge madly across the wide plain- The wounded are numbered with those of the slain. Comrades, stand ready, 'tis our turn to go, With second at rest, in the midst of the foe ! Make for the guns on the top of yon hill- Spare not the robbers, but strike with a will. Charge, comrades, charge ! our turn has now come. We fight for Old England and dear ones at home. Though horrors surround us, and cannon.balls fly. The foeman shall see how a Briton can die. Victory's coronet rests on each brow, Though many brave comrades by death are laid low. The true sense of honour sinks deep in each soul; Such deeds have ofttimesbeen recorded by whole. CHILD OF THE MooN. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. " My own dear Kate, the hour is late, So, prithee, answer truly: Will you be mine ? I'm sure I'm thine. I own I am unruly; But in my heart there is a part Reserved for thy fair face, love. My passion's true; I love but you- And you are full of grace, love." "My dearest Jack, pray turn your back ; I'm sure I must be blushing. I've heard your tale, which does not fail To show you're fond of gushing. But, let me see-I love but thee, And thee I love sincerely. I'll be your wife; I'll cheer your life- I will, I mean it-nearly." W. DIcxsoN. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 11. Foundation Words. Prolific source of harmless delectation, Devised for Britain's rising generation; Who buys the wonder will confess, past doubt, He couldn't better lay a penny nut. Cross Weords. Though all mankind you swear that you despise, I'm certain one has value in your eyes. The fame of Handel, marvellous musician, Rests chiefly on this kind of composition. One person's taste the ornamental guides; Another's choice this diff'rent aim decides. Bustle and noise the poet little please; He haunts some quiet this beneath the trees. Coal gave us heat; it also gave this light, And, by comparison, abolished night. HENRY ADAMS. SQUARE WORDS. No. 12. My first's a domestic vessel, Of stone 'tis sometimes made; My second is a beverage On which a tax is laid. My next and last is a colour Of very vivid hue; 'Tis often seen in druggist's shops. So now, Young Folks, adieu. R. DOUGLAs, Bury.