RIDDLE TOUltNAMENT. MONOPHONE. (Wo'rds of differnt meani~ . but the samn in esind 1
1.-The air was icy cold, the night winds keen; Within my blankets, resting cosily, I courted slumber-fickle god-in vain; And when in turn sweet slumber courted me, Its spell was broken by an awful sound Proceeding from without the window pane- A sound which, as I started with affright, I heard repeated o'er and o'er again. The thought of burglars crossed my mind at once, And at the thought my hair rose up on end, 'My frame began to treumile with affright, Mly legs beneath their first began to beadl. Upon the floor I softly, quickly lidl, And groped about to linl. upou its shelf Myv ancient gun; then, corn:i g further i .11p, I sought the yard, to tight the foe eul. e!. Outside the kitchen door I found my way. Anud. next-ig there, pere-ived hi. h'l-in.g low Benea' h my wundow-sill. I raised liy giun And pulled the triecer at the hcllpdtis tofe. lie tel ~without a groan upon the stones, Andiy I to where he lay I swiftly ran. My Sunday clothes-suspended on the line And tlapping 'gaiust the windowv-frorm,.:d the nutu. F. G. W\Vnu, Southwark. METAGOI.A\:S. (Chanme the irst letter of a w . ;'i I , f,':n tumothler \\ or l.) 2.-Sing, merry riddlers, sing, Your voices mingling in a mighty chorus; Sin', though it be a simple ode to spring, Of azure skies that now are s:uling o'er li; O:', if it please you, of a May-day queen, Of woodlands fresh and green, Of April showers, That (so the old rhyme tells us) bring May flowers. Sing of the glorious sunny, summer weather, Of birds sweet trilling, The glades and meadows filling. In one exultant strain of joy and praise. Your happy ringing voices loualy raise In song together. Sing on, oh, riddlers, sing! Sing of the autumn winds so s,,Itly blowing; Gtlorious visions to our mnel'ries brine ; Paint all the harvest fields in colours glowing; Tell how the reapers sting amiidst their shelaves Of yellow-tinted leaves That first and spread O'er woodland paths, from boughs that hang o'erhead. Sing of the wintry blasts, so loud and fretful, Of last and party, Of Chri-tmas grettines hearty, Of yule logs burning bright, and merry ,'iute: Oh, riddlers, sing, a:nd of the " Tonrney's " fame Be not turtet ful. lIAItiuoN L. TAYLoR, llBrkhenheadl. 3.--I love to w itch the foati-capped billows, Wild and fre-- They har,- a sort of fascinating Charm for me. Ilow they toh-, in nmiihty tariinll, Cloiuds of spray, Like immense, untiring mon;isters At their play. Clihsing one another liwarlds 'To the shire, i' :rying, anon i cj ting SparkliIin store. Yet tLeir imood is hs":rcely pli.yfiul, For it owiv Deeper, fuller, giaver import In those tones. Every wave an old ant well.kl:,Vll Friend appears, Constant ever, clh.atging never, Through long years. I love to hear the voice of oce:,an Speak to me- Tell:ng me the mystic secret Of the sen. WViat old firsts or Northern Sag; s Ever told Such strange deeds and wondrou, :.:e, as These unfold ! Ilopeful seconds, stirrinlg ipolms Of the main; Sympathy and frimidly counsel The-e contain. So for ever will I love thie, Sparkling s," )' All my j ,ys, li inl i v cirus Cunlide in thee. A iy cu;:iti-in, Shlirhi le. 4.--Hl did not join in idle mirtlh- HIi. mind on hi-hul tlings was Lent ; 'Twas once to him of priceless wosl. To figure in the " Tournament." But now his dream of first is o'n-r- Iie troubles Puzzledom no more. No more he wields his best "J " pen, A next in literature to win; his thoughts are different now from whenv He let the midnight lamp grow dim In making rhymes. Now all is o'er- lie toils for Puzzledom no more. 'Twould ill become me to betray A little secret I lhave heard ; But, at the third time I would say, " Friend, let me whisper just one word. iHe's lovesick ! That's why we deplore His days in Puzzledom are o'er." S: e.twaw. 5.-Hark ! 'tis the cock's shrill cll, The splendid weather beckonu , And calls us out to make Our first by the sun's secunds. ROTATION CHANGE. iChance the letters of a word in success:on to form other words.) 6.--Once again dear Ed. has called us, Let us answer to his call ; He now truly does invite is To the " Tourney," one aud all. Let us rise and first our armour, Fight like other knights of yore, Wield our fatuous, mighty weapson.s, Try our skill and last once moire. Once again dear Ed. has called us; Let us wiei, our pens neain, Ink and paper set before us, Never let him ask in vain. In the " Tourney " let us figure, Charm each other with our la} s, Then dear Ed. will be deltghted With our very friendly ways. Let us act as riddling heroes, Be of courage and good cheer: Faint heart ne'er yet next glory, We to third must persevere. All of us have aim tambitious, Each is bent on some intent, Still at times we all may seud in Riddles for the " Tournament." W. CARTER, Birmingham. CHA IADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 7.-To reach thefirst pole--that wretched cold pole, Brnve men with staunch ships have oft tried, But failed to succeed-don't wonder, indleed; Some lost with their slhips, others died.
A colour now find for ne&l, Iear in mind, Not violet, purple, nor red (Though reddish in tint, approaching to flint), Nor anburn, like little boy Ned. For la .t take a vale, an orchard, or dule, Or even our dear native land- I'm sure you will see, between you and me, We all of us on it do stanid. Now, please, take a map, without a mishap, This county in England must prove A beautiful Phire in crhile you'll admire, Perhaps that in which you do mr.ve. E.LnoN Mzj,
NARRA'TIVE DELETION. IDrOp a letter fror as woridchosen, leaving t woth:r pressed il the nIarralive.) r w r . 8.-What is the world unto me, my friend Now you are not here ? What can its countenance be, my friend, But hollow and drear ? What are its pleasures but incompletei When absent are you ? Where can I ever a friendship meet So pleasant and true ? Now I but live as it were, my friend, Alone in a host, Trying to stifle despair, my friend, But failing at most; Left with the thought of a vacant place For you at my side; Looking in vain for the dear, fair face, 'That lived and then died! I) ECAPITATIONS. ( Drop the first lettrer of a rword. learving nother \ I, 9.-Where shall I go? Where shall I lay mny i., To ease the riokinus of its burning brain - Where s'.all I find a restinr.place, ir bed, To first my body ere I am insaue ? The bitter blasts of an inclement wind, That freeze my wearie I imntbs as on I go. BeaIr death ill all their gusts, and leave b ;',.,. The awful tremor that the dying know. IInnger is monarch now; oh, every panr Reuds brain and body with aceurs, d prwer, And rings life's knell as never curfew rang, 'To tell the darkness of the coming hour. Some bread, some food ! Awake the wearied -., T'o fiud the succour it were lile to view. Beat, fainting heart, afresh--you must not die. This is not death-not death-it is no' trice Raise, palsied last, grasp the things around; Stretch forth to clabp the things that yu can r' e ch; Speak, cleaving tongue, and give to terr.,r s t,,.,1 Pray, pray for life-cry aloud as you besect.ie . Fade, fade, my life ! I hate, aye, hate the hwrn That wairis ray veins whereby their life ,; Why should I know more woe ?-it is not n. 'that all mry bonds of reason should be riven. Alas ! alas! is pity gone from all ? Knows not one soul the principle of love? A hl e, a starved, unlhappy tramp, I fall, Helped by no hand, and seen but frontl :ib,,, A. 11. i).--Now, Johnson was a youth who thous!-: An actor he wonld be; And liking no profe-s:on more, To a manager wenut he. An engagement then lie soon secnr,,i By paying a largr sum; And his part took home to study, e ..." ., \Vas very easily done. Biut when it, came for him to first, The peop:e hissed and jeered, Tilt Johnson left the place in sh.rtr,, Wishing lihed not appeared. And as he second down that night, Unto himself he said : " Before I think of the stave again, I think 1'il eat my head." T. RoYsTON, I,ri :.i l i:n 11.- Friend, always be cheerful And wear a firs' smile, Don't let a wrong thought Your plecasure delil'. And when you are happy Make others the same, Nor ever look sillen When called frosm your gamie. Friend, always look pleasant - Looks go a long way; When ia sad face is prevent No pleasure wvil stay. ke Liud and for)iviug, B,, guu' rous and brave, Let no fellow creature In vain for help crave. Still have a kind word IFor all whrom you know, Klud word. are the best seeds You ever can sow; And always do second, From wrong still recrain, Hri.e no cause to iniritunr Your life's spent in vain, G. A. Jouts, Liver I. NAIRRATIV" TIIANSPOSITIr'NS. (The letters of a word are .ran spised, and form1111 l.. \\ .: ii. the irarratvc.l 12.-The wind is solbing sadly, The moon scarce shows her light, And there's mainy a helpless, driltiung bark Out on the sea to.uight. There's a wall in my heart like the moan of the iraves, That is won from the echo of ocean caves, The winds are singing sweetly Over the sea to-day, But there's many a scalding teardrop shed For those that sailed away, And my heart it seems more gladsome now, Though the furrows of care have lined my brrw. 1i3.-I went to the beach one fine morning las't :. To try te elffects of a swim ; But, dear friends, when I tell the result,you vI'': :' That I deeply regretted that whim. I boldly leaped in, having thrown off my clio,: But judse of mry fright and dismay, 1Wh. n a great wave rolled over me, filling iiy ni .e, Mouth, and ears with the blinding sal' sprai' H. GRAt, oC~liit.OLne. TRLNSPOSITION S. (Transpose the letters in it word to form anothelr wrl 1l.-" Ah ! Freetdom's breath, how sweet, lair fir-t," th' lonely pris'ner said, As gnzing on it from his cell, he sighed that breath to share ; " lut no- alone my wearied heart hath rude cJ:.'i menit Iledi, Tihough innocrcuce some solrce Riv cs, `h^ 1, riOIt next is there." I. C. LovE:.res, ib:rmmgham. 15.-A man once to a boy thus said, ' !\I¢ boy, buy us some cherries r,.d." The boy obeyed ; wheu hark he ran, He gave but halt uuto the man. Thie man turned round, " What you," sail :e, " Can menu by this I cannot see- You have keplt half. Siret tell me, pray, Your meaning: what have you to say ? The boy replied, " To me, you said, ' Go buy for us some cherries red.' 'Twas you that told nme so to do, For ' us' nceanis me as well as you." Then, with a smile, thie man replied, "I'll next I am first satisfied." E. SucVrEL, Cl: e. CONUNDRUM. 16.--Now that cous. are all the rage, I have one (it is not much); Now, what riddler in this pace Should be able to speak Dutch ? WV. ADLISNGTO,, Elscrir.