RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
First is my cheek, Jemima Jane, For, though I love so blindly, You treat my second with disdain, And snub me most unkindly. If you would but your smiles impart To make existence sweeter, How glad would be the lonely heart Of your devoted Peter 1 If you would but say one sweet word, A word of but three letters, Oh, how my heart would bound and third, And shake off woe's cruel fetters i My life would be a merry tune, Set to a jovial metre, And, oh, the marriage-bells should soon Fourth out for you and Peter ! F. W. BINSTEAD. METAGRAM. No. 2. Why repulse my heart's warm pleading P 'Tis no golden tale of love, Though I feel my heart is bleeding, Conscience must alone reprove. Sister, why those words of sorrow P Know me as two years ago, Recognize in me to-morrow One who has disgraced thee so. First, dear sister, tell our mother Penitent I have returned. Do this, sister, for a brother Whom remorse hath cruelly burned. Tell, oh, tell me I'm forgiven I Whisper gently in her ear, Second sweet has boldly riven All the links of guilty fear. All the wealth that third might scatter Could not bring me greater bliss Than to feel my conscience shatter By her fond forgiving kiss. Can my wishes be forsaken ? 'Tis my wish to court the right; From the guilty paths I'm taken, Lured from them by mercy's light. T. W. KxITcnrn. DECAPITATION. No. 3. See, Freddy's cheek is very sore, A red mark goes a-down it; A second 'twas his visage tore, Though he don't care to own it. His sister Kate caught him at work A-cutting up her bonnet; On him she pounced just like a hawk, And made that scar upon it. As silent as a first he goes, Nor near her presence lingers, For since the dire event he knows The power of Katie's fingers I What finals him, if you should ask, Or why his sulky silence, Whene'er you thus take him to task, He'll not say Katie's vi'lence. P. M'CALL, Dl blin. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Words. His cons. appear from week to week, Full of poetic fire, And we as fellow-puzzlers do. His puzzling zeal admire. Cross Words. This is a large fowl, you'll agree, And you the same can often see. And this a bird that flies by night, And all the day keeps opt of sight. 0 next, thou'rt very nice to eat, And some folk get thee as a treat. A plant or herb this is, I ween, No doubt the same you've often seen. In this you'll find a savage beast Which on our flesh would like ýo feast, This is a fruit we often eat, 'Tis sometimes bitter, often sweet. A gracious smile; she has relented, And I a next to her presented. With last in hand, he worked away, And not a word to us would say. Gu T AND RA,. REVERSION. No. 5. Within a lonely churchyard I espy a tiny grave, Where modest wildflowers crown the silent mound, Where solitude allays the grief that woe and sorrow gave, Before my Willie rested 'neath the ground. Sweet honeysuckle creeps around the slhb that they have made To mark the lonely spot I love so well, And trees, by Nature's kindness, seem to cast a loving shade O'er the first wherein my memory doth dwell. The summer came and left the hue of health upon his cheek; It seemed to cling amid his sunny hair. Oh, what a soul of merriment those laughing eyes would speak, As with last his joyful shouts rang on the air! Then autumn came, and as I watched the verdure falling fast, My hopes fell with each swiftly falling leaf, For summer's golden gift to Willie now was flitting past- Then trouble stole upon me like a thief. The winter Came and found my Willie with the hue of death ; Yet in its reign my darling lingered on, Till spring appeared to rob my darling of his latest breath- With a smile of welcome. Willie then was gone ! And 'neath the silent earth my Willie found his last repose, Where modest wildflowers bow above his head; And while the shades of memory around my senses close, I live to dwell for ever with the dead. CHILD OF THE MooN. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 6. A tramp was walking down the road, His first clasped to his breast; He glanced from side to side anon, As if he sought for rest. "I cannot farther go," he cried; "My strength is failing fast." At last a resting-place he spied, And lay down in a last. , BAuuTrr DE BEan. MONOPHONE. No. 7. A first of rupees would certainly please The most of our Hindoo friends But ne.t of rupees no Hindoo could please, For it never poverty mends. KINDERGARTrENs, Dumfries. CHARADE. No. 8. Round England's coasts myfjirst doth roll; While gardens oft abound In seconds; which, together joined, Beneath my first are found. W. H. Bran, Holloway.
ACROSTIC. No. 9. Foundation Word. Long ages back o'er Time's dark gulf, so doth the legend run, Ambitious primal longed to guide the chariot of the sun, And though with poignant anguish filled,'his great and mighty sire, Fulfilling his rash vow, doth grant his hapless son's desire. The eager youth, with ardour filled, the golden chariot drives, But soon to curb Sol's fiery steeds, alas I in vain he strives; And on through space, past unknown worlds, the horses, uncontrolled, Their course pursue, and now the chariot of flaming gold, Descending, scorches mountain, valley, meadow, hill, and plain, And leaves behind a sea of fire, all glowing in its train. Now, mark the cost by primal paid to gain ambition's prize, For by the mighty hand of Jove the son of Phoebus dies I Cross Words. A sister of ill.fated primals see, By Jupiter transformed into a tree. The son and messenger of Jove behold (By some called Mercury) this will unfold. In this fair vessel, o'er the mighty main, Brave Jason sailed, the golden fleece to gain. One of the famous mountains of the sky, Akin to Parnassus, in this descry. A power which the deities possess, Explained in " Ovid's Metamorphoses." A poet justly famed in classic lore, Who flourished in the bygone days of yore. A youth who, as the ancient lyrics trace, Became enamoured of his own fair face. F. R. COULSON, Bow. DECAPITATIONS. No. 10. The doom'd unfortunate was brought, His punishment to bear, And by a first of light he saw A crowd was gathered there. The next upon his back was laid; He groaned in anguish sore, He gnashed his teeth, and howled with rage, And at his captors swore. Unto a third tree he was brought, From which there hung a rope, And as he saw this fatal sign, He bade good-bye to hope. R. Giwur. No. 11. My first is part of a machine; Behead, and then, ye riddlers keen, You'll have a word which means degree. The answer now you'll quickly see. S. W. HAREs, Worcester. BETAGRAM. No. 12. "They've left me in the first; It really makes me grieve. But that is not the worst, For me they did deceive. "They ran away from me; I could not keep the pace. They're climbing you last tree- I'll soon be at the place." Thus muttered Georgie Lee, And then he ran away. But now it's time for me To end my little lay. S. FRuasrLN, Manchester, REVERSION. No. 13. At the corner of the street, First the drizzling rain and sleet, There I saw a figure standing, standing mate with folded , arms And, with many a covert stare, Glanced he here, and glanced he there, Like a wretched, hunted creature, full of trouble and, alarms. And when darker grew the night, Stood he in the second light, Like a lonely phantom grieving over some remembered crimes. But at length he stole away- Whence and whither who can say P- Leaving me to ponder sadly till I heard the midnight chimes. I. Doovenas. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 14. The vessel left old England's shore, A distant region to explore; Each heart was full of pure qelight, And all the sea " was calm and bright." But soon a heavy first began, And every face was next and wan. The vessel struck upon a rock, And broke asunder with the shock. Into the sea the sailors sprang, When, lo I upon the breeze there rang. These words : " Here's laId ;'so swim this way I" And all the sailors cried, " Ay, ay I";, They reached the land, exhausted, w'orn; Their clothes were drenching, tattered, torn. They found a negro, balky, fat, Upon a third of wood he sat. A large fourth forest stood close by, And unto it they all did hie ; They found'a spring of Water clear, A fifth of which they prized most dear. STrmu AND RAW, ENIGMA. No. 15. Young Polks, if you dislike defeat, It's best not now to take your seat, To try and solve this con. for me, As you the solver ne'er can be. It seems so funny, hardly real, That you can never it reveal But, ne'ertheless, you'll find 'tis true, As next week will disclose to you. You say to solve this you'll begin ? Ha I hal you'll only find it in- Good gracious I what am I about ? Forsooth, I nearly let it out! F. mWaLLrs,.Swindon, MONOPHONE. No. 16. Yes, you will first just now, I'm sure, If you the answer do secure; And if you do not find its name, Then you will first tle very samhe. Next is a thing all weavers use, But I can't say they it abuse, For know without it they can'tdo? And saying so, I bid adieu. " B. Mozcxeouuat.