IDDLE TOURNAMENT. IP.
elast letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 'listened agan to the voice of a knight, The vice of a knight so true, e armour and lance glisten wondrously bright, Whose name is beloved by this crew. His verses are quite full Of humour delightful; His paus, too, are rightful, For witty is he, bard who has climbed to the top of the tree. Jo-King, my harp had lain silent and dumb, .The harp I had played for years; strings had relaxed, and I only could strum 'ad weep with a frset full of tears. The "Tourney's" sweet jingle Would make my ears tingle, For I could not mingle lMy music with theirs, d, 1ol my life's sun was o'erolouded with cares. atI listened sgain to the voice of a knight, And, listening, I last my name o I've come once again with a heart gay and light, Aplace in the " Tourney " to claim. Unlimited pleasure In writing at leisure Is ours without measure, O tried and true bards, Ad crowns of green laurel shall be our rewards I Maaror TAYLOR, London. META.OMEGRAIK. .ethe siret and last letters of a word to form another word.) gentleman entered the barber's weird shop, ad frst on his barbar.ous chair; a lber he next, and.his dress was "tip.top," Ad he wore a profusion of hair. W there quite solemnly waiting his fate, His bare throat third back on the rest, hlbaos in the room shines the barber's bald pate, As the eazor he grinds with great zest. last he is ready, and boldly'he says, s his patron he beameth upon, ould you rather me, sir, your moustaches to raise, Orperhaps you'd prefer them left on ?" egent gave a grunt as he said, with a smile, 'I moustache you to leave 'em alone. tthe hairdresser jumped at this horrid pun, vile, And bounced out of the shop with a moan. s reported the barber was picked up next day, But his life was extinct, for you see 'd made for a dry ditch on purpose to lie Down to die-so at least they told me. R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. rsp the first and last letter from a word chosen, leaving another word expressed in the narrative) 3.-Now, riddlers fair and riddlers brave, Your pardon for awhile I crave, Till I will let you know About a question that I si d Came suddenly into my mind A little while ago. An inclination I have seen Some friendly maids and knights between, To start a partnership; That thus in strengthened.unity They all might live, and ever be Cementing friendship's grip. The list is headed by the queen, Who often with Miss Amy's seen, Sometimes with Queenie, too; And Nellie Watson then comes on, Bringing with her Miss M. St. John, To join the ranks so true. BEt I need not repeat the names Of valiant knights and gracious dames Who lead the pleasant way; A thought once came into my head When I had seen them, and I said, "Irll act without delay." So now who will with me engage In writing riddles for this page, And aid me in the fight P Of course a lady I'd prefer, But if good fortune lies not there, I'd welcome any knight. And maids and warriors, brave and fair, If you will grant this humble prayer, I'd very grateful feel; And then with each clasped hand in hand, Who could our onslaught dire withstand, And face us, steel to steel P IvAN~oE, Belfast. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. 'Old ihiahread backwards or forwards is still the same, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 4-I journeyed through a, lonesome lane, One chill autumnal eve : As on I went I bravely strove Romantic webs to weave. I tried to think of fairies sweet, To keep away the dread Ifelt; but demons, goblins, imps, All haunted me instead. The murderous, ghostly tales I'd heard In boyhood all came back, Their terrors multiplied tenfold, My heated brain to rack. Itrembled, for the night was dark, The air was damp and chill. Twas fancy ; no! the footsteps came Quite near--I turned-stood still. Then, towering o'er the green hedgerow There rose a form in white, Which " doubled up" with horror, fear, This poor,'unlucky wight I 1 The spetral jaws then opened wide, Its monstrous fangs to show; From out its nostrils issued smoke, Its eyes with light aglow. With hair on end and pallid face, ,,ine eloquence flowed free- 0 spirit of the darksome night, What wouldst thou have of me P" In dire suspense did I await The words the ghost might say, 1he through the woods there echoed shrill . hearse, blood.curdling bray! I rambled o'er a five.barred gate, Alighting ma field, Shea again, alas, alas I. Thesound twice, thrice re.pealed. sal dismay I turned and fled- Oh, what a cruel joke-- Skn when:I had time to think, The ghost was but-a ' moke." :Jo-KING ANeD V. D. TAYLOR. ENIGMA., b.-Six inches from my arm I bear a "Tourney" charm; H, Co,1 irkenuhcad,
DUAGBRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a 'orol to form another word.) (Trhe "Tourney,;" Brigade.) 6.--Of all the great legions of beauties and joys- The sweetness that no hnrly.burly alloys- We fairly may class as tbe sweetest among Earth's myriad enjoyments the Spirit of Song. And so, in the "Tourney," our time-honoured field, Whose queen her great sceptre dote graciously wield, We truly may priYtar song's many hued-flower, And tend to its ailings in sunshine and shower. By'r Lady, what valour would war in its cause ! What dexterous writers would strive for applause I How great is the army I How ti-4ilty tie swords, Song-tried in the battles of letters And words, In knighthood's high-minded crusade! Oh, fair be the fame of sweet Chivalry's sons, Successful the quests, and ne'er silenced the guns, Of the far renowned " ' Tourney' Brigade." Gramercy I I burn with an unsubdued fire, Poetic, whenever I finger my lyre, To help just a little to 'liven, amuse, The eyes that do honour to what they peruse. Be sure, friends, our efforts as lyrists do please The rugged of toil and the gentle of ease- And many're the thanks that their mute feelings send- Whilst winning a reader, discover a friend, Whose face beams with smiles o'er the dearly.loved page Wheremimic destruction the" Tourney" knights wage; And fair be the fruits of these conquests, I pray, To the " T." of the past and the "T." of to-day O'er hearts both in sunlight and shade; Whilst bravely they meet all misfortune and ill, The lads and the lassies who toil in the mill Thank the bold-hearted "' Tourney' Brigade.". Foremost and first in the "Tournament" fray Are many who strive to " change night into day:" Falconers, troubadours, warriors, and ba, ds, The punster and second, and wits who are " cards," Love-smitten minstrels to tickle or jade us, Musical spirits and gay serenaders; Pageants of knights on their chargers of grey, With valorous bearing and banners at play, Bright helmets, lances, and shields to protect Their right manly " buzzims," with honours bedecked; Whilst ladies of wittiness, sweet as the olden, Bestow all their sympathies strong to embolden Our hearts in the cause of each maid; Famed our knight-errantry throughout the land, Grandest of all beneath Minerva's wand Is the true-hearted "' Tourney' Brigade." Forth march to battle to wild martial strains, Like hardy old Saxons and high.mettled Danes, Drenon the jovial, and Webb the beatific, The artful H. Taylor, our jester prolific; Marshall the pleasing, and Philo the sprightful, Queenie and Nellie, the sweetly delightful; Evergreen Amberley, Jefferson, Stocks, "' Jo.King" (Du Soir), merry Andrews, and Cox; Bright Barker and Birrell, A. Dykes, Archer B., Mephisto the "awful," and Robert the D.; Harris, De Bear, "Schneider.Arrow Co.," T. Barley, The stately "Black Prince" (hist I a Manchester Charley); Ivanhoe, Patrick S., adepts to please, Like Mnadeira fair, hailing from " over the sea;" Mystio " La Mysterie," puzzlesome very, Violet, Flora, and gay Amy Denny; And, if I be termed not a selfish, rude elf, Let me last and the least in the list name myself; And onward we'll press with an unceasing zest, Each one and all to do ever the best For the fame of the "' Tourney' Brigade." V. D. TAYLOn, Warrington. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. . (Change the first two letters of a wivrd to form another word, oex pressed in the narrative.) 7.-There's a charming little girl, Whom I call my precious pearl, She's my sweetheart, you must knoew, my readers many; Of course I love her well, As lovers all can tell, If of sweethearts you, the reader, have had any. I have always told her I For bar would ever die, And I meant it at the time; but let me mention That I wouldn't now, you know, For w.th time we wiser grow, And to follow up that plan's not my intention, Now, Polly true to me Had always seemed to be- I trusted her for years, until one day I met her in the street- And was it not a " treat " ?- With a youth dressed in apparel smart and gay Of course that was enough, And I thought myself a muff For not perceiving sooner her perfidity; And so quickly home I went, And her many letters sent Back to her with despatch and great rapidity. And a letter, too, I wrote, And from which I here will quote A word or two that you may ponder over: " I'm surprised at you," I said, " And I think respect is dead In one who'd treat so shabbily a lover." Years passed; I saw no more Of Polly, and I swore No other girl my he art would ever capture ; With Polly's absence my Affection all did fly, And my bosom ceased to swell with love's sweet rapture. But now just let me speak : At a ball the other week I was brought quite face to face with dear old Polly; She was looking so demure When she saw me, and I'm sure Her eyes drooped low, and she looked melancholy. We danced together, and The music of the band Enhanced the rapture of that second meeting; I craved an interview From Polly, and we two To the pretty garden went, with hearts quick beating. And there I asked her why She did poor me deny, And give her preference unto another; " You silly boy," said she, " For jealous e'er to be, And jealous, too, of poor old Jack, my brotherl" R. L. JEasaFFERsonLondon. 8.-She looked so sweet and charming in the glare Of light that played about her fairy form And glinted on her wavy goldeh hair, No.wonder that my heart was tp'en by storm. And yet she seemed to treat me, oh I so cold, iMy heart felt orushed as by a heavy blow, And I felt sorry I had been so bold To crave a kiss beneath the mistletoe. Jet after, when the guests had all dispersed, , We stobrd tgether, 'neath a hanging bough Gleaming with silver berries, and conversed- SThough what [ said I can't remember now- Her c.oldne4:sgoneso;,osweetly did she smile, I felt well-nigh assured of pardndu, so IMy arm iher datuty farm encireled, while I won a kiss beneath the mistletoe. B. L. JmrrJBFRsoN ND A. AanaErEY. "CONUDhUlmM. .d.-Wlat in the d: fiw4bbb lg~ll gg) a &rtis ma n,
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 10.--'Twas whispered in the neighbourhood that Jinks Would soon amass a fortune by his ware; And he, with sundry nods and artful winks, Would secretlly the same to all declare. Yet he was but a milkman, and the folks Could not imagine how he could "make money," And so they said 'twas one of Jinks's jokes, ,And laughed, and thought their milkman verfftnny. I ut rumour was correct, and Jinks retired, And, as he should, he took a country seat, And all the little Jinkses were desired To henceforward forget their town retreat. A month or two elapsed, and all went well Within the household of th' immortal Jinks; But like a shattered god this joy soon fell, As ill.got gains are sure to do, methinks ; For Jinks, whose wealth was made from crystal streams, Both unadulterated, sirs, and pure, A victim to god Bacchus fell, it seems, From whom, when wooed, there scarcely is a cure. And all the gold he'd made from doctored milk A victim to its stronger rival fell, And all the Jinkses' velveteen and silk Were swallowed like the cream within the well. MORnAL. A moral from this story now please note: Ill-got wealth's but a shadow to pursue- Like unskilled yachtsmen on an unsafe boat, The men who live to master it are few. "BO" JEFFERSONz AND "BOB" ANDREWS, London. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. IThe letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 11.--Alas I my friend, I've deeply suffered lately- So much so, that I really am afraid, Unless this state of things is altered greatly, Within the silent tomb I'll soon be laid. At evening I am frequently subjected To torture which too well this sufferer knows; For, though I very often have objected, That fellow still upon his cornet blows. Yes, Bob, the fellow in the room below me With fearful discord almost drives me wild; So, if you can, be good enough to show me How to my fate I may get reconciled. "Revenge is sweet," friend Arthur, so some tell us, And reconciliation you may fnlud: A barrel-organ, friend, can throw some fellows -Into an agonizing state of mind ! The homcoopathic remedy is easy- Treat like with like it is, I understand; Your cornet-player, p'r'aps, might feel uneasy If forced to listen to a German band. Try first, my friend, the cure I'm recommending, And inundate you wretch with music (?) thus; And if that doesn't bring him to amending, Well, all that you can then do is to-cuss! A. AiaBERLEY AND R. W. ANDREWs. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Now, Tomkins was tall, and Tomkins was fat, His head wouldn't fit any decent-sized hat, His feet were as large as the back of a bull, His nose seemed to ask every one it to pull; When he walked in the street all the paving-stones sunk, He hung on to palings.as though he were drunk; He clutched hold of each lamp-post to help him along; When even he whispered you'd think 'twas a song; He used for a stick, sirs, the trunk of a tree, Yet Tomkins was happy as happy could be. Now Tomkins admired a delightful young maid, A gushing wee thing, yet so prim and so staid; And she stood but five feet one inch in her shoes- Her hands were so small that she wore "Number two's." And, sirs, if you'd seen this young couple about You'd simply have roared, of that there's not a doubt-- The mile and the milestone-a lion and a flea- Yet Tomkins was happy as happy could be. He had to stoop down when he wanted a kiss, While she jumped a yard to attain this great bliss; Their lips for a minute in pleasure were held, Then parted, for she to the ground was impelled. Their kiss was so loud they engaged were to stand And kiss by the side of the foaming sea strand On purpose for warning the vessels at sea- Yet Tomkins was happy as happy could be. 'Twas quite too absurmd to imagine she could Bis (Tomkins's) arm take if even she would; Twas rarely abroad that this twain would be seen, For really the two would quite block up the scene. And now, sirs, are Tomkinses little and small, Some measure six feet, and some hardly at all, All sizes they are-'tis the truth I tell ye- Yet Tomkins is happy as happy cou'd be. It. W. ANDREWs, Hampstead. 3.--Dear friends, perhaps you're not aware That we who sign will soon prepare An information depot, where All questions hard may be directed. No matter *hence they cometh, we Who live, you know, on Zuyder Zee, Reply will give both fair and free-- What more from us could be expected ? We ask all riddlers right away, Procrastinate not-write to-day And ask us something-we'll obey, And truthfully the answer tell you; Theology, biography, Or chemistry, geography, And human physiology, Or anything that may impel you. How many beans will make up five ? How many bees will fill a hive P If Albert will the Queen survive, And gain the throne some future day ? All questions so will answered be : Though hard, we're never"' up.a tree;" Our office is at Zuyder Zee- Then write a riddle right away. And now we think you understand Our meaning, you may noi command Our faculties-we merely Itand Awaiting cons. your wants conetaining; The queerest of all queries will, Although perhaps a bittier pill, Be never cast aside until It's answered with our true explaining. SConunan, Baon aRnOW AND Co., EZuyder Zee. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of aword. lenavin another word.) 14.-Oh, give me one glance from those bonny bhight eyes, One smile from those lips that are true, SFor where in this world shall a damsel aiise That is half such a seraph as you P Oh, give me one tress of thy bonny brown hair, The flower that lies inthy breast; For where in theiworld is a damsel more fair cTo grant me tle:boon I request ? Oh, give me theleast of thy passionate heart, -The loye that-is ardent and truo, That w'i1l hrpi~p.ttomotz.lslt.a hope, when apart,
NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word Is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ 15.-Oh, oh I Mr. Mitchell, although you are clever, You won't match MIephisto, Christella, no, never I Y-ou think you have caught me with riddling persistence, But .ou've not been deceived more throughout your existence! Ha, hal so you called me, sir knight," handsome devil" 1 Ho, ho I in that knowledge L'm longing to revel. Handsome! Excuse nme, you've tickled my fancy- I'm about as good.looking as my old aunt Nancy I You must know I assume, sir, the strangest disguises, And give you poor mortals tremendous surprises; Still, f you'llihave patience, and be quite forgiving, I'll tell what I'm like, and with what sex I'm living. I possess dark brown hair, coiled on top of my head, With the same coloured curls on my brow; but instead Of having red eyes, mine are blue as can be, So that I'm Mephisto, you plainly can see I At this moment I'm dressed in a garment of grey, Trimmed with dark-coloured velvet which came from Bombay; I have lace round my neck, sir, and pearls in my hair, AundI think, as a rule, my complexion is fair I I've a ring on my finger, and shoes on my toes, And an aristocratic but very long nose- In fact, it's the shape of Long.fellow's, you know; At least, a young friend of my own told me so ! If you guess who I am, and my name, sir, then I Will let teoms de plume and false names from me fly; But until you finl out and pronounce my sad doom, I'll retire for a time into Hades' dark gloom. MEPHISTOPrELES, Hades. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 16.-There once lived a page in the days of Queen Boss, A neat little page in a plum-coloured dress, Who often, with many a sigh, did profess His love for a maid who, I'm sadly afraid, Loved some one else more, and that silly page less : For, though she had seen him, with many a start, Place his soft little hand on his soft little heart, That maiden, to add to his numerous woes, Had turned on her heels and had turned up her nose. One day the poor page to his idol drew near, And offered his heart with his hand-but I fear That she smiled and discarded them both with a sneer; For from that sad day he kept pining away, And drowned last his cares in unlimited beer. A rose she once dropped, that had withered and died, He took from his first panting bosom and sighed; And to his companions' great grief and alarm, His.poor little face grew as long as his arm. One night, on the edge of a bright moonlit lake Stood a despairing victim of love and heartache- His clothes from his form he proceeded to take; The rest, I confess, I must leave you to guess, He dreamed on for ever, I know, for her sake. Of the maid that lie loved I may venture to say, " She married and lived fair and happy for aye." But still, clever riddlers, I pray you beware, For maidens are fickle, if maidens are fair l LA MYST1tusI. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.l 17.-My first is seen on every tree; Now take from it a chip, The letters that remain will be The name of the first ship. R. WVATT, Glasgow. CHARADE. (formed on a word eaoll syllable of which is a wor 1.1 18.-If a secret you are told, Keep it dark ; Silence here is more than gold, Keep it dark. 'Tis a privilege to hold, And 'twero knavish to unfold Such a trust-be first; e bold; Keep it dark. If you hear a slanderous tale, Keep it dark; Let ne.xt advice in this prevail- Keep it dark. Character in man is frail, Equipoised the sweet and stale, Slander's breath will turn the scale; Keep it dark. Should your life be one of dole, Keep it dark ; Do not play Cassandra's rdle, Keep it dark. Mortified in heart and soul, If you fail to reach the goal, Silent as a 'Gyptian whole Keep it dark. G. LEE. BETAGRAM. (change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-They tell me that her hair is red, While it is only auburn-tinted; And now I do not know the man Who told me that she squinted. They say her feet are large and fiat, And if her boots first all the landing, 'Tis well to see a woman with A solid understanding. They say she sports a black moustache, And what and if her beard be growing P It makes her cheeks the prettier- Her cheeks with blushes glowing. You know last well that love is blind- She's no defects, and that's the reason; Red-haired, squint-eyed, and bearded, she's My angel for the season. PATBICK S., Belfast.