RIDIDL E TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONE.
1.-Firsts are ringing, softly ringing, O'er the glittering frost and snow; Children singing, softly singing, As they all pass to and fro; Flirting, chaffing, Gaily laughing, Skating merrily, they go. Winsome Katie is a maiden Who has hair of golden brown; With bright beauty she is laden, On her face is ne'er a frown; Little beauty Does her duty As the second of the town. Words of warning all unheeding, Swiftly through the crowd she flies; On her skates so quickly speeding, Thoughts of danger she defies; Hearts are captured, Soon enraptured By a glance from her blue eyes. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 2.-Oh, most entrancing of the arts, How sweet thy pow'r o'er human hearts ! In silent sorrow's burning eyes Thou'st made the soothing tear-drops rise. Long since thy pow'r did moderate The wrath of one in high estate; The might of thy mysterious spell My humble pen would fail to tell. Cross Words. 1,501 and as Oh, foolish king, your wish for treasure Brought you much pain and little pleasure. 1,100 ,, burea Useful in wind, and useful, too, in rain, And useful when the sun shines out again. 2,000 ,, sure Season of fruits and beauteous flowers, Of bright and merry sunny hours. 55I ,, o Seen in many a foreign nation, Object of much adoration. 1,100 ,, uso Merry old fellow, as guy as King Cole, Thy spirit's alive yet in many a soul. DIANA R. O'D. METAGRAM. 3.-" Sweetest maiden, fair and pretty, Why so softly, sadlysigh, Whilst a first stands in thy eye ?" "Oh, kind sir, I crave thy pity, For my love has gone away, And I next he's gone for aye. ' I thy face can ne'er forget,' he, In a tender whisper, said. But since then long years hare fled, And I second Gerald Wicks Has for ever now departed, And he's left me broken.hearted, For the day before he started He-he borrowed five and six ! MUcG-ies AND ,Tl NS,. TRANSPOSITION. 4.-The castle stood, a tower of strength Its ramparts fully manned, Commanded by a hero who Was bravest in the land. And circling round the castle foot, A first lay, broad and deep, And he who in it fell was sure In Death's grim arms to sleep. A war arose, the soldiers fought As brave and true men should, But would not yield until they were Without a last of food. And then out spoke their leader,.whose Brave face bore many a scar, " We yield, and by our yielding prove SWh' uncertainties of war." J. M'Cmam. ROTATION CHANGE. 5.-The nightr·was truly very sixth, andcold thirdshowled around. " We're better in than out," quoth Giles. Quoth Elodge, " So I'll be bound." " I'm fourth if I'm not hungry, lad," said Giles, '"'m hungry, too," Agreed his friend accordingly, as he was wont to do. Then soon some mutton, nicely first, was placed upon'the board, And they, witia ustic appetites, alarming portions stored; But then of ale they rashly drank in such a foolish, way, And soon respectively had grown too-gloriously gay. Poor Hodge- was smitten deep and sore, and felt the muse's yoke; We do regret we did not hear the- touching words he spoke. In quite a different way was Giles moved deeply to. the core, And of his awful bravery began to loudly roar, Seconding of his mighty deeds of prowess with the spade- (Mbore ale)-ef fearful havoc on the turnip fieldhe'd made. " Alas, poor mutton 1" murmured Hodge (how touching this remark I), " No more you'll fifth in sheepish joy, nor skip about the park I'" (More ale.)+ And then he fell asleep, and Giles, in friend. ship bound, Poured half a glass of ale upon his pate so bald and round. At this vast feat of bravery, performed'mid many smiles, He, too, sat down and fell asleep, the great,unconquuered Gilesl PRICE AnDxICxERING, Southwark. DECAPITATION. 6.-I knew a young man, he resided in Bow; He belonged to the sect of the " utter " His first was allowed in long ringlets to flow- But he had the misfortune to stutter. His dress really was-well, "consummate," well say; His tie was the pink of perfection; The suunflow'r he carried was "utterly" gay, And honoured him by its selection. His.deportment, in fact, was" sublime "-and" intense;" His whole next was " utterly utter." In truth, he lacked nothing but common good sense, And pow'r to refrain from a stutter. HonA~ us, Lewisham. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fomdation IfWords. 7--Now, this is no secret I wish to make known, But primals was finals one day, you will own ; And finals, no doubt, will be primals some day- That is, if he lives long enough, I should say. Cross Words. A crowd who peace and quietness scorn, And kind of caps by females worn. You'll next a famous painter see, Whose birthplace is in Italy. My last means need; yet called, 'tis true, The "mother of invention," too. WAwBAs, Hounslow. CURTAILMENT. 8.-A hiding-place in first you'll view; But cut away its tail, And then a screen or shelter you Can see, I will go bail. Now, once again chop off the tail, To see a creek or bay I'm certain that you cannot fail. And now I will away. M. GERAN, Fermoy. LOGOGRIPH. 9.-To openly defy first means, As will be found by you; Curtail, and then an animal Will clearly come to view. Now take a sharp knife in your hand, Cut at this monster's head, A part of every human form You'll then fled left instead. M. L. RAW, Bradford.
OMEGRAM. -10.-Here, what do you think P I can pen a fine poem Much better than Wordsworth-a poet; you know him. What ! you don't think-I can P I ne'er first such a thing! But come on; I'll show you. The subject is spring. Sunny spring- Wait a minute; that sounds rather queer. Yes, I'll alter the subject, for I've an idea It has grown rather stale. So suppose-hem-er-hum- er- Suppose, now-suppose, then, I write about summer. Sweet summer- Let's see, now, sweet summer is- what ? Ah, I don't like the subject, for summer's too hot, And, you see, ha'penny ices and such things as those When they're mentioned in poetry sound just like prose I Now, I can write of autumn-come, don't say you doubt it-- For I've read Thompson's " Seasons " and know all about it, Not to mention twelve odes-for a few pence I bought 'em. So, believe me, dear friends, I know all about autumn. Bleak autumn, cold autumn, it comes once a year, And we wish, when we've got it, that it wasn't here. Its frosts pierce our nexts like a sharp-pointed splinter- No, I think, after all, I will write about winter. Ah, winter, dark winter, how cold all thy snows is ! They freeze up our fingers, our ears, and our noses. Oft we feel on thy wind as if on a spear spiked. I shan't write any mora-but I could,-if I liked ! A. ST. J. ADcoor, ENIGMAS. 11.-My face P Who has not seen my face, r'o bright, so clear, so plain, That, seeing it, you oft indulge To turn and see again. Yet am I false at times, no doubt, As what is there is not ? Though, should I give you pout for pout, I have not myself forgot. My face, indeed, is cold and clear, My back a silver white, And in a dress of burnished gold I often am bedight. Nor only this, I'm weak and worn At times, till scarcely I Can to or mockery or scorn Return a just reply. But, then, at others I'm so gay, So brilliant and so proud, That monarchs even homage pay, And queens to me have bowed. Though vulgar Susan oft, no doubt, Tosses her head at me, Yet heed I not, nor " find her out." But this 'tis pleases me: The other day a lady came, And as she made a pause Before me, in her anger, said I was not what I was l Now this, I do sincerely say, Was false; although-no tears- I'm just the same, though I've been used At least these twenty years. ErPILON. 12.-- am a thing most people know, Because I'm everywhere you go; My names are many, simple, grand, And yet but one I can command. I'm very meek, I'm very bold, And, yes, indeed, I'm very old; Some say I'm good, and others bad, And not a few have said I'm mad. And from the day that I was born I've never rested night or morn; I cannot rest or be at peace, For then to be myself I'd cease. I am in every strife and fight, I'm in the wrong, I'm in the right; 'Mid clashing steel and cannon roar, I'm surely there till all is o'er. And here I can, with boldness, say That I am near yon every day; And also that without my aid Your clever cons. would not be mnd-. R. MonTreosrar. METAGRAM. 13.-" What hot my lord, wake, for the cock hath crowes@ long 1" Was the page's shrill song as he " clatter, bang,.bangedl'" At the bedchamber door; bat a terrible snore Was the only reply, and he growled, " Well, L'in hanged. If this 'ere doesn't quite extinguish the light Of old Rip Van Winkle ! What toe, there, r say!" And he kicked with his teetill ahalf.smothered " Ay I'" Replied, then he danced on his fingers away. The Baron de Bigwig arose- from his sleep, And cried, with a yawn, " This identical morn." (False rhymeunavoidable-fact I I'm forlorn) " I wed fair Brenhilda Enphemia Mer.tilda, And the coffers of gold which her pa and me.keep. My first's very low, and-ha 1 ha ! and he h 1io-- Next's the thing for De Bigwig ! But, whoa l I've. toe go Some five theusand'furlangs!" And pondering so, He went down the staircase to have a slight "'brekfust," But, oh, on that 'ere ease (the staircase,.of course).he, Most awful to state, very near broke his neck " fst" By placing his heel on a square inch of peel Which once graced a lemon. And, candidly, L've No wish to repeat what, in tones very hoarse, he- Remarked; but, great goodness I when he did arrive, At the foot of the stair, he pulled his own hair, Which caused, so much laughter, 'twas thought no one there Would ever survive. And what caused him this shock Was explained as he yelled, " Caitiffs,.look at the clock !" Good gracious.-alve at ten forty-five He's going to be married, and now it's ten forty ! How the deuce to get at the time he'll contrive Was a puzzle to all, as, with adjective naughty, He called for his sixty.league bluchers, And dashed, like a rocket discharged from its socket,, Away, with his coffee and rolls in his pocket. Till he with, old Time in the future's Gone right out of view. and he isn't there yet. But I guess you can bet I'll transmit it to you When he reaches-so, until them, brethren, adoo ! F. l. CorLsos, RBow. ARITHMORETM. Foundation Word. 14.-Once again the snowflakes fall, Telling us that primal's here; And once more the snowy ball ltrikes the passer in the ear. Cross WordJs. 100 and fatwear Waters rushing Fast and fleet; 501 ,, a Maiden gushing, Oh, so sweet! 56 ,, stone Fiction writer, Fertile brained; 1 ,, gret Keep this biter Safely chained 550 ,, genan Country wealthy, Though but small 502 ,, rng Pastime healthy, MIore than all. BARNETT DE BEAR,