RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHABADES,. (pormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.)
_I heuve a iend-- friend, LI fact, I may say heesiuth an un ommon 'un, atI to his patronym0 append Sflatt'ring sobrig et o "-The Phenomenon." personal appearance is not grand; is said the best authdrity upon-if I'd Believe the Darwin theory-that he'd stand n Nature's first the" missing link " personified. Bat second this indeedshotild be the ccase, His learning's still a fact quite indisputable, Which proves the ancient saw that terms the face ,,The index to the mind" is here unsuitable. He speaks a dozen languages, I'm sure, That no one else can speak; and all his science is To others quite as mystic and obscure As the use of his mechanical appliances. Iird once saw a dead fowrth beneath his care. "No more he'll howl," said fifth, "nor join the strife again. st, 1ol he fixed that feline sixth a chair, And galvanized him back to light and life again, He's fond of scientific tricks like these; Bat sometimes, just to vary the monotony, He'll transform sunflowers into Cheshire cheese, And term it " an experiment in botany." He's mastered allUthe wisdom of the Greeks, And talks in words whoselength doth ofttimes stagger But Malice says that when with wit he speaks, - He cribs it all from Plutarch and Pythagoras At present he's engaged in working out A problem we have oft discussed at supper most Intently, to establish beyond doubt Why flies walk on the ceiling downside uppermost. Be comes within the total of " unique," And says he'll soon be world.renowned, becos' if he Can but address the nation for a week, He'll upset all our system of philosopby ! F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. .2,-My whole's a town where dwells a maiden fair, Who oft has charmed us all with verses rare; Admired by all who to our riddling throng Have won the true good fortune to belong. My little Flossie, first and gay, Is in the garden at her play; Her lessons she has quickly done, And now she means to have some fun. Now next the swing I see her bound, Her tiny feet just touch the ground ; Then higher goes my lady fair, While breezes kiss her floating hair. QUEENLE. 3.-I seek not honours won Of total, nor of riches; I'd rather flounder on Amid life's shoals and ditches, And seek to win the meed That greets the persevering; First, if one would succeed, His heart must know no fearing. A joyous next sings hope, Though earth's with fret and press full; If you've the heart to cope, You're bound to be successfull LA LACHRYMcOSE. 4.-Yes, Georgie was a dandy-a " masher" he would say- With his silkls cravat and scarf-pin, and his dainty " time of day." Yee, I'm sure that fifty years ago a first he would be called, Sad with his great pretentions he'd never be black-balled. He was very fond of flirting, but marriage anexts he scorned, For how, with house expenses, could his person be adorned ? So l'm positively certain to die single he intends, Content if all the totals to the last remain his friends. ROTATION CHANGE. (Obangetheletters of a word in succession to form other words.) 5,-Once I wrote a simple rhyme, Over it I spent much time 'Twas all about a maiden fair, With eyes of blue and golden hair. I worked first next from morn till night- It was my -only real delight. Oh, how I praise~di tit maiden fair, With eyes of blue and golden hair ! Oh, how I praised her winsome face, And how I ravedabout her grace I I said her cheeks were like the rose (That was the colour of her nose); Her lips I likened to the cherry (That simile was brand-new-very). I said she always dressed with taste; But, there-youknow I wrote in haste. And when I said her hands:were small, I wande ed froim the truth, that's all. Yet once,Ithounght the verse a good 'ii'. ' (Some people say my head is wooden) ; That I will nofrnow deny. -" (" No use," I ihear some young folks cry.) - There's only one'bright thought for me : That rhyme of mine you will not see- It's last the great Waste Paper B. - G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. NAL RRATIYE DELETION. aoP a letter from the oi" chosen, leaving another word, ex- presse'd in the narrative.) . 6.-I love a boiny country girl, With'eyes as'bright and blue as azure,s - Whose hair in mhny a clustering curl Falls from her graceful head at pleasure. The perfumed flow'rs upon the lea SUnfold a thousand hues that vary; Bat none are half so fair to me, Nor half so beautiful, as Mary. When feathered songsters springtime greet, u'Tis sweet to"hesr their anthem swelling; But, oh 'tis 'ielbldy more sweet When Mary of hlier love is telling. R EVERSIONS. S . Waord which read backward forms another word.) '" First, sing.ext," the teacheir said. Fi-rst stood obstinate, , Tilt the master, in despair, Scratched his learned' iate. ' SWill you never learn rour work, L, ood-for-nothing Turk P - Wluyou 'every effort sbirkP nt stop i~till eight." .: . -; P. G. WEiin, Soutaihark. * wholie animel-will show, Comiposed bs letters three; Please read it backwards-and I .orow SAmiiieraly ou'll see. - - .-+-',+.:o -: " g. G. N.emor ,I,.lilton.u 0"non 4s hands, dear riddlers : i: l on' rtyd,Y ma y have seeei; ;; -a asbsd for animal5,, . .:,'d, Ulfi+- them warm tend clean. ' ...... +.: I ~ I... ;7 7,P ,ni1a.-
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letterof a word, leaving another wordJ 10.-A good second was Molly Dean, Who worked for Farmer Knight; And though she was an orphan left,- Yet she was often right. Her course of work was very coarse- They said she did it " fine ;" She liked her daily first of beer, Yet ne'er indulged in " whine." Hers was not quite the fairy form That dances at midnight; Folks said she was a heavy sol, Although her heart was light. She never whispered tales like some (She shouted, or she roared) ; And though her tongue was rather long, Her speech was rather broad. There came to woo a farmer's boy- A beau that used the harrow; He strove by various ways and means- His " means" were very narrow- To tell his love to Molly Dean. He made a graceful bow, And said, "Dear, will you marry me P" She coyly said, " Ow noe I'" " Why no ?" asked he. "You are so fair- The sweetest girl, I vow " She poked him with a hawthorn stick, And said, " Gow, flatterer, gow." But he said, " Molly, darling, please To listen to my pleas." She listened, and she ceased to tease, Then both went to their teas. EDITH K. RENDLE. 11.-Shout, ye children, shout right merrily, Laugh, ye youngsters, old and young, Clap first hands with joy right cheerily, Let not fear abate your tongue. All are happy-all our young folks- Old folks look amused too ; Wrapped in red cloaks, grey cloaks, black cloaks, Objects come before our view; They the cause of all next gladness, They that cause our hearts to bound, Yet they seem wrapped up in sadness, As we dance their forms around; For they're crying, faintly crying, With their cloaks like coloured mittens, With the shouts their cries are vieing, "Pussy's got somge little kittens !" ExCELSIOR. 12.-I'm used on ships of every kind; When found, if you behead, It clearly brings before your mind A well-known wood instead. M. SPENCER, Willington Quay. 18.-'Tis used upon the river, sirs, And also on the sea; If you behead it once, dear sirs, A seed you'll quickly see. it. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. DOUBLE ARITH]MOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals express-d in figures.) Foundation Words. 14.-My primals, skilled in final art and scientific skill, Did wield his most prolific pen with calculating will. Cross Words. 551 and aha A flower please tell; 501 ,, aue To say farewell 1 ,, bartb Both tame and wild; 101 ,, htw A woman mild; 102 ,, togonn To disguise fame; 101 ,, rotan A Grecian name. B. D. M. ARITHMOREIM. Foundation Word. 15.-An author's name in primals see; He often writes for Y. F. P. Cross Words. 50 and rape A.precious stone in this is found. 2,000 ,, tee This insect dwells within the ground. 50 ,, pape A kind of fruit in this espy. 50) ,, are What you do now you'll here descry. 105 ,, ea The next will mean a kind of den. 1 ,, hegt This number's between five and ten. I hope, dear readers, you'll excuse This simple con., and won't refuse To. try and find the answer out, For that you can I have no doubt. W. NoLAN, Clonmel. ENIGMAS. 6.-When from the lea Upsings the bonny lark, his carol clear Entrancing where it reaches human ear, Then reign I pure and free ; Where gushing streamlets through the long, hot day Make,melpdy, and twittering birdlings play, There will my presence be. When in cathedrals dim, And hallowed by the crimson stained glow, Harmonious with the organ's thrilling flow, Rises the evening hymn, There still I reign, while thousands raise the prayer, Thrilling the deep and softened hallowed air. G. MANYWEATHERS. 17.-I'm steel, I'm wood; I'm brass, I'm gold, I'm heavy and I'm light; I'm also new and very old, I am both dull and bright. I'm red, I'm blue, I'm black, I'm green; I'm every colour oqt; And in your pocket I have been, There's not the least of doubt. High in the air, down in the mine, I travel night and day; I'm on the sea, I'm on the line. - 0 And now what am I, pray P Annul SnITH, Gresley. .18.-A very funny thing am I, Although I have both hands and face You see me go before your eye, But then I keep within my place. S *" "" J. T. SanIT, Birmingham. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the esntre of a word to-form another.) 19.--Filled with love's passion, Colin sought her there, Found her immersed in happiness and ease ; She welcomed him with smiles and charms full rare, . . And-lavished on him all her arts to-please.'
-uu "J 1-- nO "uu A w uIuuk 111 ULLPsw ; Through some mischance, in-horror he beheld! The weft all tattered and.he tore his hair, Retreated, and his rapture was dispelled. ,. U. oOVELESS, Bsirmingham. (The last letter of a word is changed to form anothqr Word .). 20.--Sad was his face as he looked o'er the first, .... While the white f6am lashed the shoire Gone' frm his heart was the lady lib loved Perhaps he would ne'er next her more:o!·" a Sa was hisheart as he ,ingered the~: ' TenderY thiiilig' of her; SDrk flsh d hisoeye a-s afaloo0 's b, iit When a vorce from behfnd said, Whatý' ce),
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 21.-With Miss M. Taylor, queen so bright, And F. G. Webb, the " Tourney" knight, I really thought the riddler's art For fame had made a primal start, And that upon this globe no name There was but as a pun we'd lame. No name but we could twist about, Or, if 'twas stubborn, quickly rout; But there I erred, O wit, O fun! On David Gow's name none.can pun, At least, so sings the first last lines Of Gow's con, that in '61 shines. Oh, is it fair, or is it right P My friends, now we are cast down quite, That he, with note of joy so fine, Should yell, "They cannot pun on mine," Should say, " For if they do, I'll drub Theni with my knightly (P) beechwood club." Oh, punster of the glorious " T.," Shall Gow, rejoicing, say of thee, " Ha, ha I behold them fleeing now I Thine is the club, the name D. Gow. They're vanquished, but- No, no I they can't ; For then, why-gad, Id vew they shan't." AeoNISTEs. 22.-A lad of feeble health first seemed to last, As from across the road I watched him stand Alone, the tailor's window gazing through; Whilst 'gainst his sides lay helplessly his hands. He did not seem to be in need of help, For on his back he wore some decent clothes; Yet, as I watched him standing sadly there, A feeling of compassion in nme rose. Just then the tailor from his shop emerged, And stealthily approached the youngster's back, And I, amazed, beheld him raise a stick, And then bring down with thund'rous force a thwack I But ere the helpless lad he knocked again, I spoke, "Inhuman monster, why, you must"- I fled, as, interrupting, he replied, " Now, can't I from this dummy beat the dust ?" T. ROYSTOr, Birmingham. 23.-The eve of loss first home near azure sea, A young lad said To little maid, "Though all grow false, be ever true to me." And as with kiss he sealed her whispered " Yes," His soul stood still; For, from the sill, The lovers' fathers witnessed the caress. Oh, long he walks alone along life's way, " And now he sighs, "Light last her eyes, O words I write for her dear sake to-day I Oh, say, defining all.her lover's art, An unknown street Makes stillness meet The voice that, wingless, calls her in his heart." D. M. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words. Foundation Words. 24.-This, when received, delights the heart, And drives away dull care; No matter how cast down thou art, 'Twill make all things seem fair. Cross Words. The object of a miser's life; For it he joins in worldly strife. For this we to the seaside go; Its want will sickness cause, we know. When schemes on which our mind is set This suffer, we should not regret. As these pass by, they make us feel That Time does onward surely steal. C. O'Cosueoa. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 25.-A hero I Ah, a hero bold was he, Who all his life ne'er.had a thought of fear; His name-ah, yes, 'twill never be forgot, A name that this our country holds so dear. He fought and died in dear old England's cause, And now, being dead, he's left behind a name, Apother name that's written in the book- Yes, in that glorious book, the book of fame. Cross Words. Ah, this I always am whene'er I see A con. in "Tourney's" page that's writ by me. And this, you'll find, 's a dear old riddling knight, Whose cons. are always welcomed with delight. And this will bring to view a kind of fish ; When nicely cooked, it makes a splendid dish. I'm sure our " Tourney's " fame this ne'er will do Find what it is, and you'll agree 'tis true. Single is this, and always so 'twill be; That this is true you also will agree. And last, dear friends, is in the negative; No better definiti6n can I give. T. H. HurNT, Fulham. Foundation Word. 26.--Encased within my massive suit of mail, I swiftly dart o'er valley, hill, and dale; The children wave their caps andisliout " Hooray I'" And watch my course until I've liassed away. The loungers at the village ale.house door Comment upon my speed, as, with a roar, SI rattle past like a high-mettled horse, And halt not till I've run my daily course. Cross -Words, Now`t jiiet as a gentle, sleepling child, Anon 'tis like a lion raging wild. When toil is o'er, the workshop close shut up, How eagerly we drain this pleasant cup I The more you shout, the more I'll answer baok, Though you should bellow till your jawbones crack. Beware its dreaded sting, fatally true; There's human specimens of this thing, too. Secure in last against both sword and lance, He calmly waits upon his foe's advanctle. E. BLA., Liveirpool DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Wor.d. 27.-A hero we read of; his actions proclaim Him worthy of love, of lionour and fame.' th~nsa Wawle
My first and last are in aghast, -i My second qualiies . , What steals our cocks and hens (the fox; - My gallant fourth nq'er flies " From main nor thight, but for the iight t And for his coundtrvy's ausis : Doth draw the sword. My sixth and third . Are useful things,-becanuee .. . . iThe sixth w6n't fail.to hold your ale"" And it should he ahqur ,4 For us to eat our 'dily, meat . Unless.when placed on third; a the $ft` ,I trowv, ba ouses to enffan.. : 's2,C~nml
TANSPOSITIONSB. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 28.-I weldomed I welcomed the sweet little ode That Coulson at primal on Mass bestowed; It came up to town likeeobreeze from the sea, And wasted a zephyr of pleasure to me. 'Twas writ onithe shore,.and it smaoked ofthe, spray That falls on the shore in a fountain-like way; 'Twas free of the savour of London's dull bustle, But strong in the smack of the home of the mussel, I read it and read it again and again, And thick were the fancies it next through my brain I pictured the letters with which it was lined As ships on the sea with their sails in the wind; I pictured the stops whichigave sense to the lay As heads of the bathers who revellcd in spray;. Where music did trip on the heels of each word, The murmur of shingle was all that I heard. Oh, Freddy I oh, Fred I in my dreams I did spy Your back on the shore, and your'faco to the sky; I pictured you musing with' poioil'ii hand,' While people around you in wonder did stand. And how I have longed just to gaze on the script That was by the breezes of sea-water tipped I For such the effect of the words only four- . That dear little sentence of " Writ on the shore I" .; WALus. 29.-My first's an animal, I ween, In Southern Africa 'tis seen; And now, if'you the word transpose, A weapon it will then disclose, AncHuza B., Kentish Town. 30.-Dear reader, you may think it strange, Yet nevertheless it is true, If you a kind of fruit transpose, Another kind instead you'll view. W. PIxKEzING, Bilaton. BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word.) 31.-Er, fwiends, I claim a first of your attention, And whether you be damsel, dame, or youth, I think it only wight that I should mention The subject of my discourse will be " Twuth." Twuth is mighty and will sure pwevail- Er-is a pwoverb many people tell; And then we hear another funny tale- Twuth lies at the bottom of a well. Now, fwiends, I think you will agwee with me, That that's a beathtly unkind thing to do; And if it be so mighty, I don't see Why it should always hide so much fwom view. Why don't it come out in a pwoper manner, And live a little more with decent folks ? But weally, fwiends, I do not think it can-er- In fact, I look upon it as a hoax. One thing, dear fwiends, i'd weally like to say, To pwevent a bad impwession, do you spe ? As twath is mean enough to hide away, I'm pwond to say it don't belong to me. But, fwiends, if you can second time to dwell Upon the point I've weally twied to settle, Search the deep depths of the sea or well, But don't apply for Twuth to Shortshore Kettle. T. CARPENTER. ANAGRAMS ON MYTHOLOGY. 32.-'Twas down at Deal that Charlie met his bride; That is the lady standing by his side. They care not whether it is bought or sold, So long as their old client gets the gold. There sits a man who can at once discern What things to shun, and what we ought to learn. I once read in a book about a man Who travelled over Merv and Astrachan. A horse they called " The Pope" ran very well, But only just got second to " The Belle." Come, now, Selina, pet, he will be here, So do not trouble over it, my dear. I could not rest in this great gloomy house Where it would be a change to hear a mouse. It was a famous crop, sir, you'll allow, Considering the quantity of snow. W. D. PICFxRNG, Southwark. DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 33.-Dear Royston-but I'll call you Tom- My hearty friend, forsooth, I hope that in the time to come The friendship which, in truth, Your primal heart desires with me May deepen with the years; And may they bring prosperity But faintly fringed with.tears Of bitterness to you. Ay, friend, Yourhave my glad accord In friendship; may it e'er fault fend, While life's stern stream we ford.' And though to." Brum " I live not near, Which you supposed I did, But to North Dudley, rather drear, Where coal brings a high,bid, And cannot meet you to enjoin My hand with yours, and smiles. Give in return for those of thine, While long.dividing miles That number far a final o'er Between our loved homes lie, We still the while may friendship store Within our hearts and try To do our duty, nor be strained So that may neither rue That e'er a friendship was ordained Between us riddlers two. T. NxxoN, Dudley'o' i . NARRATIVE REVERSiON. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning-in the narrative.) 34.-F. Webb; to thee I now. present these lines; Grandly in thee the riddler's power shines. Whene'er thou comest with a pleasing con., E'en 'fore'the war coimmences, victory is won.