RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
1.-Diviner, can you tell my name P 'Tis not unknown to glorious fame. It wreathed the laurel round the head Of one of Britain's greatest dead, Whose mightiest deed was but to mete The stately steppings of my feet. I've toiled for beauty since the spheres Began to roll out days and years; INature alone bounds my domain, And while she is. I, too, must reign. The thread th' Eternal's robe that hems And knits its million sparkling gems, I rise above the loftiest star, And plumb the deepest depths that are. In stars and beauty's eyes and tears The form I love the best appears; My laws are those of strongest love, Whose objects closest, strongest move. "Yet space can ne'er divide the tie That binds me on to harmony. Pronounce my name, and it will be That of a lovely mystery. ANNIE F. Any, Jersey. OIEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 2.-Dear friends, what can I write about, To soothe your minds this week I've nothing very first to say, And yet I'd like to speak. Of course, you're very busy now In letting fancy wing Its flight on high, to aid you in Your usual ode to Spring. Let's see! the "new" year's getting "stale," So that's no use at all; To write about the Spring myself Would Nemesis let fall. Our " Tourney " knights can never be Too highly praised, of course; And yet in treading such old ground I feel some slight remorse. I'll try to write a brand-new line- " The world is growing old;" No, that's well known. We'll start again- "Last Sunday week was cold;" Oh, bother it ! I'll give that up. Perhaps I'll next a flower To talk about; but, there ! we see Those poems every hour. How can I fill this dreadful con. With something wholly new ? We know "The sun is in the sky," " That Queen Anne's buried" too l I cannot think of anything That's lively, bright, and gay, So, in a dreadful state of mind, I'll bid you all " Goo,! day." F. G. WEBB, Sonthwark. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 3.-Is it worthy of the numbers grappled by the ready muse, When so many worn-out features may again come into use P Odes on "Autumn," "Summer," " Winter," and poor, hackneyed, genial " Spring" May be treated yet with caution, if in favoured spots you sing, Poor, unhappy ignoramus who too early, shunned the rule Christian birthright fostered for us when she instituted school! Part of humanized creation, playing in his ignorance With the lofty attributes of Calliope's rapt eloquence. Shades of Watts, of Capern, Massey, breathe new first within this verse, Slit the tongue of heated Censure, put Sarcasm out to nurse; Here a youth puts words together, and he sends them up to print, Calls it " poetry;" but is told there isn't any poetry "n't. And the critic's racy writing, full of " humour," " wit," and "go," Wounds the youngster, oh, so deeply-none but sufferers can know- And the readers scream with laughter at the critic's funny mood, And a clique of "polished" asse's tell him that he is "no good." Blushes burning to his temple, sick unto the very heart, See, his breast is bared before them, quivering at every dart. Well he knows Ambition mocks him-who will tolerate him now ? Wrecked and shattered by the tempest's biting winds that ever blow., It is the truth. A naturehighly sensitive to ev'rybreeze Cannot ride, like hoary veterans, over wild, tempestuous seas. No, it splits upon the rock the selfish world is prone to " rear, And, with gurgling cries of mercy, eddies round, to dis- appear. Why condemn the poor unlettered, posing in your elo. quence, As an object manufactured to sneer down his ignorance ? Maybe Genius stamped its impress wvith Ambition's earliest gleam, And the awful stuff it furnished then dispelled the pleasant. dream. Genius never learnt its letters-'tis a gift from heaven sent, AI nd its dawn, mayhap, is rugged--'tis its birth, so be content; Let it last, unfolding beauties as the form to manhood grows, And, when dead, 'twill leave behind it glories, like the stricken rose. T. W. KITCHNEn, Camberwell. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 4.-I saw her in a tramcar driving by, And even then I marked her radiant eye, Her ruby lips, and attitude of grace, The perfect outline of her classic face. In future daysshe formed my heart's delight; I lay awake and thought of her by night, And throughothe bright hours of the summer's day, Thoughts of thatface chased other thoughts away. Everything else then seemed to be a "bore ;" I only wished to see that face qonce more. Alas! I was but too soon saitsfied, And that desire of mine was gratified, t But not as I had wished. 'Twas at a ball I saw again:that classic figure tall; She wore a robe which I will not describe, - But I believe:'twas of.the satin tribe. But, ah-! with bitter pain my heart's on flre She's got a partner. Canit be her sire ? SNo more suspense: I must at once inquire. e "That gentleman and lady, sir, are married i' e It was not long at that ball that I tarried. . ou aardw ,,on aoread ,r)fon Mothe word.r .,) J : 5.--cookingg tensil csll to mind, - Pleaes n &t pd about,. You haee, ithoua doubt.: a nE
DOUBLE ACEOSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials., form a word, or words,) Foundation 'Words. 6.-Sweet Spring now is near, To all our hearts dear; When primal's gone Winter is going, And flual dear flower, With magical power, Its beauty on us is bestowing. Cross Words. No first are mine, good riddling wights, That you will not be glad To see me in the friendly fights Once more. It would be sad If you refused to greet a friend Who never will forsake The " Tournament," but hopes to send More riddles that will make You puzzle more than second in The merry days of old, And strives again the praise to win Of maids and knights so bold. I do not say that you must go As far away as third (That would be treatment for a foe), But merely guess the word. How glorious across the sky Its gleaming shape we see! I'm sure you fifth, and next will try To puzzle out for me; A fond and foolish lover here ; Increased in bulk doth last appear. LOTTIE W., Brighton. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 7.-With trusty blade and tough yew bow in hand, He wrought destruction 'mid the Norman band; Against their steel-clad breasts his arrows bore, And pierced their jointed armour to the core. In vain they drove him from his lordly home, An outlaw in the bonny woods to room i He loudly laughed at all their Norman craft, As in their hearts he drove his fatal shaft. Cross Words. It loads the air with perfume rich and rare, And heaven's blessings seem foreshadowed there. Alsatia's braves were ready for the fray; But these, instead of swords, are more their way. Sweet, pleasing strains flow from his humble hand- A gentle poet of fair Scotia's land. These battered, time-worn walls are old and grey; But I've outlived them, ay, by many a day. A blood.stained tyrant who no mercy knew, Whose ruthless deeds were equalled by but few. Secure from ocean's dread and wild alarms, He safely lies within my pond'rous arms. Set on by cruel craft and envious lies, Beneath his grasp his beauteous flower dies. But when the fatal deed is past and o'er, He vainly seeks for this, but nevermore. To some he comes with anger in his eyes; To others, as an angel in disguise. E. BLAmn, Liverpool. Foundation Word. 8.--Upon this page you this will see, I'm sure you will with me agree. Cross Words. An animal here please to view; Next is well known to all of you; Third upon this page you'll see; Fourth, a number it will be ; This is shining bright to.day; To sixth you know you have to pay ; I seventh now to finish here; And last doth often here appear. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 9.-A foreign country write for first, Where dwell some curious creatures; Curtail, and into sight will come A portion of the features; This latter, if you should transpose (Please do so at your leisure), Will show a word of letters four, Which names a well.known measure; Prefix a letter to this word And you can see a little bird. M. F. GEsaAN, Fermoy. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-'Tis easy to say you will write a good riddle, And post it immediately off to Young i'olks;' 'Tis easy, no doubt, when you get to the middle, To introduce Burnand or Thomas Hood's jokes; 'Tis easier still when you out a good phrase from A world-famous poet like Milton or Burns, And then expect showers of ill.deserved praise from Your riddling comrade, who soon, alas, learns That you are not worthy of all the laudation That rained upon you when your con. was ir print; And as'he encounters each well-known quotation, May hint that the gold wasn't coined in your mint. Ah, well, verbu.'i sap.-it looks well to put that in- Here the Garter's old motto will apropos be: It shows that we still are aufait with our Latin, And that poets have lived quite as brilliant as we I Ahem I when we come those last lines to look over, We find they're a little involved, don't you know; We won't look again, or perhaps shall discover Some more in the con. that's not comme itfaut. W. D. PICsERING AND J. A. MARSHALL, CURTAILMENTS. - (Drop the final letter of aword, leaving another word.) 11.--Hast ever gazed at the summer sky, When all around is calm, When the winds seem to sing thee a lullaby, And the bees to be humming a psalm ? Hast ever lain in next new-mown hay And gazed at the ocean of blue, And watched the great clouds as first sailed away 'Midst the ever-changing hue ? Hast ever thought from whence they came, These clouds of siJver white ; . Or when their journey's race is done, As you watch them out of sight ? Hast ever thought what a wondrous thing. E~xistence has.deigned,to beqdeath thee ? ' Hast ever j mped up from the earth' with a spitng, And-found a great wasp's nest benesh thee ?
IUjSOELSIOR. 12.-Read the manypleasant rhymes i , next" Tournament" appearing;: 'Do you read first.lots of times P Dare you ;write cons. without fearing P Let eaoh riddler's voice be hearst,.. Every sentence, every: word, Singing'sweetly like a bird. S. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. DOWUELE lDECAPITATION. (Drop the two first lettersof a word, leaving anoter Word.) 13,,-My first up6n a slhp is founid; Of seven~letters you'll agree; Ta ke t4 awinbw' illbe blund. Seit it th Ube. . ' . 8PENxERa Willlington RQay.
t(Drop o r etter of o . eaviig another word l 14.-Oh, isn't it a nuisance, friends, To have to next about the weather, When chance or dire misfortune sends A bashful friend and you together? You start.a brilliant, taking theme, Expecting him the hint to seek, When, in response-by Fate, 'twould seeini He says, " How very warm this week I" You take Miranda for a walk, And feel in most ecst4atio glory About thB streets you proudly stalk, Like Roman hero famed in story. But nothing will your darling say- 'Twould be so very, very bold- To all your subjects, first or gay, But" Don't you think the weather's coldP" You meet a " schoolboy " friend, whose face For years from knowledge has been banished; You hardly know, in such a case, Whate'er to say-all speech has vanished. Each stares at nothing, twirls his thumbs, Then both together find their tongue: " How very changed"-the outburst comes- " The weather is since we were young " Discussion comes about the sun, And whether it was out last Sunday; The crops to shoot out have begun Because-the day was mild last Monday I From morn till eve the cruel task Of talking " weather" breaks our peace; Till, in despair, we well might ask, " Whenever will this torture cease ?" F. G. WBan, Southwark. 15.--"In our school here next week, boys, a 'lecture' attend, On the air, and the rain, and the snow; That is "-for he could not refrain from a joke-- If your parents will 'lot yer,' you know." As thus spoke the pedagogue unto his pupils, Young Tommy (the scamp of first class) Resolved that the lecture, it last could prevent it, Should not at thdir school come to pass. The evening arrived, and the schoolroom was filled With the parents and friends of the boys. And, aside, Tommy laughed, as he winked at his friends, Whom he'd told that he'd soon cause a noise. Now through the room goes a round of applause, As Professor Phool steps on the stage; And with an elaborate bow he commences, "My friends "-atchoo-" this"-atchoo-" age -- But cannot proceed now, for every one's " atchoo " Throughout the large room does resound; But suddenly sneezing is brought to a close, As out goes the gas all around. And while to the door they are scrambling in haste Young Tommy gets home all alone; For of course it was he who had put out the gas, . And the packet of pepper had thrown. Now, here is the moral, so read it aright: Your boys to a lecture you ne'er should invite. T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. 16.-" Come, come, my friends," the quackloud cried,' " And buy my tincture mild." But not a single drop he sold- This nearly drove him wild. "A certain cuare for every ill," He said, quite sorely vexed; But in those yellow, labelled phials Was oily weak first next. E. L. HOLLAND. CONUNDRUM. 17.-Three lads, named Harry, Tom, and Giles, With joking words and merry smiles, Had met together to decide Where they should go next Whitsuntides Each mentioned places that he knew, Like Greenwich, Rosherville, and Kew, When suddenly young Harry cried, "Why, 'Amstead 'Eath, to 'ave a ride." Then rose a shout both loud and clear, " We only wish the day was here." So plans were laid of how to meet To share in such a jolly treat. The wished-for day at last came round, But all prepared our friends were found; So then, in all the " mashers"' pride, Behold I to Hampstead Heath they hied. Arrived at last, two beasts they hired, To which both Tom and Giles aspired; And, as their donkeys took their place, Each betted his would win the race. Amid loud' cheers then off they set, But soon a sad disaster met; Fcr, through colliding, down they went, And into filthy mud were sent. Hard words soon led to harder blows, For Tom hit Giles upon his nose; But Harry bade them both to cease, And spend their holiday in peace. Both took this good-advice, and they Enjoyed themselves another way. So now a con. to you I'll set: Why was young Harry like their bet P G. PESCUD. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whiah is a word.) 18.-Oh, pleasant is myfirst in summer weather, When trees are clothed in leaves and birds rejoice There loving hearts so kindly meet together, And nightingales melodious raise their voice. My second lived in Paradise, but soon Through disobedience left that happy spot; My whole attacks my primal morn and noon, And makes it fall, forsaken and forgot. C. Sur 19.-My first is something all cats do; My next you'llfind is to pursue; Combine the two, and then, I'm sure, You'll see what meaneth to procure. J. CLARKE, Birminigham.