RIDDLE TOUI1NAMISNT. I tkMMEGRAMB. IbanDe the frst and l1as lettera of a word to form another word.I .~-- -klhin Inr lndAdmirneian
Spoets may warble in loud admiration, Extoniing the beauties of Venice or Spain; .d rist.witted au.hora may win approbation, pDesribing the glorious lands o'er the main; Bat there's one little spot that will flourish for ages- It stands out unequalled, ou all will agree; Ahl need I divulge where.it lies, O ye sages ?P- The " Tournameut" page in our own 1. F. P. I have read of the gleus where the fairy sprite dances, Where woodland elves lust 'neath the moon's pallid beams ; b have'd of fair scenes in the Eastern romances, pAd reached Eldorados by youth's blissf ul dreams; And often at eve in the garden I linger, To list to the birds warbling joyful and free; But sweeter by far is the voice of each singer, Who frequents this page in our dear Y. F. P3 I have heard of young Oscar's intense adoration For all things sublime in this world'a lovely bowers; But I dare not imagine what rapt adulation f ee'd pour on beholding this haven of ours I And nursery rhymes tell us how little Jack Horner Demolished his pie eitih an infinite glee; But I doubt very tmuch if his ownli special corner Could equal our page in the dear Y. F. P. Masnie TAYLOR, Birkenhead. I1-I suppose as I'm writing I've something to say, Though I'm not very certain about it s And if prim a befriend me, I possibly may Find a subject, though really I doubt it. I'm sick of the sea-as a topic, I mean- Of the waves in the sunlight that quiver; And I've had qaite enough of the moon's silver sheen, And the sedges that sigh by the river. Ot spooning and mooning I'm wearied to death, Of remembering and also forgetting; Of sweet home, Fatherland, and my own native heath, Of whining, and pining, and fretting. The resthetic I loathe, the infinite 1 hate, And the past may to Jericho hiurry, While iimem'ry, regret, retrospection, and fate, Out of sight I for ever would bury. One topic ne'er tires, though-I love our Young Folks, And the dear boys and girls of the " Tourney;" I love their bright sallies, their quips and their jokes, Which brighten life's wearisome Journey. And n:,w a few words ere I bid'you adieu, That my rhymes mayn't be quite without reason : -Here's success to dear Ed. aud each chum tried and true, And the cqmpltmouts kind of the season. Iay good fortune on all your endeavours attend- As for envious tongues, never heed one; Iay plenty stid crown all your days, and a friend Be ever at hand when you need one. And so, an revoir-to be brief I aspire ; And give me last this much of credit: Jack's genius will never the Thames set on fire, But he'd something to say, and he said it. J. A. lIMAtnstALL, Southwark. TRIPTICII. TUse two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the hest iand the first syllable of the scond.) Triptich. 3.-With a cheer they onward rushed Fearlessly to door die - aI:uny a so4lier's bronzed cheek flnashed As he heardthe battle-cry. F'ierce the primal : not in vain Did they make the fresh attack, -or-tley did their cause muaintain, And the foes were beaten back, First Word, nKu the books of old we learn Blow the knight himself did arm, It to meet, in tbattle stern, To protect his fair from harm. Fiercely did the conflict wage, And the blows fell thick and fast, Till tihs furious monster's rage Ocsed--'twas overcome at last. Second Word. Seeking at the dead of night For their comrades in the fieold, There they saw them where the fight Had been fiercest-none would yield. Terrible the prinul there- On each other lay the slain, Dangers never more to dare, Or to grasp the sword again. lvaenoE, Belfast. NAThATIVE METAGIRAM. (The Srot letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) S--Some praise .the skies of Italy, And some the shores of Spain; Sme love the chilly fields of snow, And some the sinny plain; For me, in all'the rolling world, In regions cold or hot, There is no land like hcotland, And there's no man like the Scot. AlasI that in these southern lands SA stranger I must roam 1 But, still, however far I stray, IMy heart is aye at home. I can't forget, whatever else In time may be forgot, The bonny hills of Scotland That are dear to every Scot. A. J. SCOTT. ENIGMAS. 5I-Before the earth was formed, 1 lived in space, And in God's marvels ever held a place; In motion qnick I flew before the air, And yet a laggard we's I in despair. Within the mighty ocean is my home, Yet there I never rest, but love to roam; And in this land.of Britain oft I stay, Where I ne'er reign, but ever hold the sway. I am not generous, yet love to spare; I am not greedy, for I ever share; And in each Young Folks 'aper that you buy, MlIy well-known face you'll easily descry. T. Towls, Edinburgh. 6.-I'm black, I'm white, I'm brown, I'm red, And sold in pounds and ounces; I'm used in trousers, coats, and vests, Also in lady's flounces. Without me clothes could not be made, There's not the slightest doubt; RItiddlers, I leave it unto you To find the answer out. A., SarI. 7.-ifProni bltdek to red, From red to grey; s ,. Money buys it, d. tatgs it away. . 7 , H rar.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 8.-An ediflcial volume of deep historic lore, So vividly presenting the stirring Scenes of yore; In panoramic sequence before my mental gaze It spreads the fortune-chequered events of bygone days. Across omes stern De Montford, with right-avenging sword, In combat here repulsing his tyrant sovereign lord; While from the swift-shod waters, 'mid angry shouts, arise The outraged royal consort'sdistressed and piteous cries. And now the vision changes-Wat Tyler's motley band Advances in an uproar, redresses to demand; Then next our fifth King Henry with vict'ry flushed ap- pears, Returning here a corpse after seven eveniful years. Jack Cade attempts an entrance, but meets an adverse fate- His head, a ghastly trophy, ere long adorns the gate; Sir William Wyatt marshals his eager traitor-train, But erossing once too often, he crosses ne'er again. Another page is opened-presentiment dread and dire, The prospect shrieks and shudders before the monster fire; On, on the fierce flame rushes-its cowering prey is doomed, This houses, streets, and churches are greedily consumed. But now the wild strife softens, as raging far away, Till lost amid the glamour and hubbub of to.day. And listening to the ceaseless and busy city hum, And watching throngs of toilers across the causeway come, I think, perhaps, before nme pass countless acts untold, As worthy of remembrance as fame.orowned deeds of old. Cross Words. A well-known "king of laughter;" A Lord Protector's name ; Slew Jabin's army after The word of pfromise came ; He ruled the Scottish nation When Stephen wore the crown; A giant king of Bashan; An English county town. AnY BEnnisnR. Foundation Wbrds. 9.-Here comes a very aged king, with tottering steps and slow, With croolmd back, with straggling locks as white as any snow; And by his bony hand he leads one who, ere fades the day, Will claim his throne and wear his crown in a truly royal way. Cross WIords. This to Stanley said Marmion; A moment more and he was goebs. 'Tis now before your seeing eye ; Queer sleepers underneath it lie. A jewel from the atmo phere- How like a pitying angel's tear I You can't recall it if you would ; Let's hope it was a time of good. In other lands a coin of-gold. Towards the sun, its flight ho* boI hl A qtuarter of a mighty whole; The Russ a portion of it stole. I:t may be cry.of man or child, Or waters lashed to fury wild. C. P.Mi TCuEJA,, DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, anavn niidther word.) 10.-By silv'ry first I wandered, as the twilight dews were falling, As the sun was slowly sinking in the gold and purple west, When the birds were nestwards flying, to each other softly calling, And a host of strange emotions then arose within my breast. Then after some time musing, it was thus I broke the silence, " How glad I am the power of nest has not intruded here, With its noise and with its bustle, with its fuss and with its violence, To spoil this sweet Arcadian scene I always hold so dear I But time is onward moving, as this first is onward flow- ing, And perhaps a little space may change the look of this bright scene; Iron rails may cross these meadows, nimble wheels be ever going- We'll bewail the lost simplicity with anguish deep and keen." "Toime is flying, measter, zurely," said a bronzed and sturdy peasant, As he followed his third homewards at a pace reverse of fast. "True enough," I answered, grimly, with a smile that wasn't pleasant ; And )ihurried home, to find I was a half hour late for hlft, limoA R. O'D. METAGRAM. (Cluange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-Close by the house of Simkins Socks Some hunters fjirt together To chase the gaunt and savage foa Across the blooming heathe'r. Now Simkins was a man of note, And to the chase devoted; And so the hunters sent a note Inviting one so noted. So ord'ring out his steed so' fleet, For time was quickly fleeting, He said he thought it was but meet lie should attend the meeting. At last to start they gave assent, So o'er the turf they bounded, And soon the good hounds found a scent A fox had lately founded. And over hill and over dale No hunter wished to dally; Away o'er meadow, fence, and rail, And many a pleasant valley. When suddenly their course was stopped; Before them, unavailing, An engine sped along some rails, Which last the hunters railing I And then it was that Simpkins' horse, Who'd just begun to settle, Took fright to see an iron horse That was so full of mettle! Away it flew, nor seemed to care For either reins or master; For when poor Simkins held it fast, It only flew the faster. Until, at last, it charged a gate With cruel spikes defended; It lost its shoe, fell o'er the gate, And so its gait was ended, Then Simkins rose, with great control, Put on his sense of feeling, Andled it to a man whose soul . Lay in the art of heeling, - Bt, oh, he was so stiff- ith knocks, He swore he'd practise boxing, And never hunt anotheiizfor, : Which prove'd.he wsisn't foxihg. H. A.· T4YLoR, Birkenhead.
NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the sesoholetter of a word tob orm another word,ox. preseed ih the narrative.) 12,--An extremely wild and ferocious child was the little Adolphus Gray, For he stole a mule on his way to school, and be rode on its back all day; And he tied a pail to a poor dog's tail, and dissected an old maid's cat, And he trapped a mouse in his father's house and took it to church in his hat. There was great alarm when he broke his arm by a fall down the kitchen stairs, And his ma, self-willed, thought the boy was killed when a cow tossed him unawares; . But he soon got iell, add his heart did swell as he though t of his rture fun, For he seemed to be quite aware that he all his mischief had not yet done. But there came a day when Adolphus Gray recognized in himself a man, And to clinch this fact, with the greatest tact, to affect the man he began; Soon he donned a tile of the latest st le, and a cut-throat collar and tie, With a skin-tight suit, and a bunion boJt, and a glass in his hazel eye. He did often clip at his downy lip-puffed ogasr cf thb finest brand, Walked along the street with sauntering feet, swung a cane in his dainty hand ; Went to routs and balls, and made morning calls in an aristocratic way, And did ev'rything that he could to briug his renown into circles gay. Then he fell in love with a " turtle dove," and he groaned and he moaned and sighed, And composed long odes in orig'nal modes, all extolling his heart's best pride ; As blue as the skies were her sparkling eyes, ad her tbhuh were the rarest pearls ; Like sunshine fitir wat tile golden hair of this fairest of fairy girls. And Adolphus grew decidedly true to the being he loved so well, And one autumn night, when the stars shone bright, he found courage his love to tell; And a ding, doug, (ling, the joy-bells did ring, and Dame Fortune her favours shed On that happy day when Adolphus Gray and his beautiful bride were wed. It is long since then, and a man 'monbg .ieh lie ti. dquietly settled down, And his time he slisn1a at home with his friends, or at busiuess in the town; He oft goes on 'Change, for he likes to range through the market of stocks at times, And he'll take a share in a fancy fair, or denounce Bul- garian crimes; He'll utter a speech, or essay to teach the crowd a political creed; He dotes on high art, and takes to his hliart all those who with him are nsaood; And people how say that Adolphus Gray is making a name in this life, And, if all bn true, the merit is due to his charming and worthy wife. PHILO, Dundee. N ARRTIVE DUAG RAM, (0hange the firt two litters d ii w,,rdt to form another word, ex- tOrossed in the narrative.) L3.-A tradesman once his daughter took To a young ladies' seminary, To have her taught the ways of them Who in high circles their heads carry. And while the governess didi show The daughter round the spacious building, The father cast his eyes around, And saw a picture set in gilding. " What is that pictitre P he dirt say I The goVbeness at once dii answer, 'i The pidture, sir, that you point to Is * Charlotte at the Tomb of Werther.' " "Is it?" said he. " Well, really I Should like one drawn by my dear daughter. Look, Betsy-you must draw for me. 'Charlotte at the Tub of Water;' " dA ThA. VtUAGRAMS. (Chance the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Oh, Marion, Queen Marion, Pray, do not leave the " Tourney," And after years of hopes and fears, To primal on your journey. To lose your presenue how wotild make Your cohrtiers look glum; So list to our united cry, And if it suits your Highness, why, Come back to Puzzledomn I Oh, Marion, Queen Marion, Our hearts for thee are yearning; In every breast, with wild unrest, The patriot's fire is burnitig. What, though your face is thin, we care But for the cons. to come; So kindly final to the strain. And hear again the old refrain- Cuome back to P-uzzledom I Oh, Marion. Queen Marion, Your courtier infernal Has spoken praise of all your lays, With gratitude eternal. We demons have no joys except Our Y. F. P. and rum; Oh, what a melancholy crew Will be in Pluto's realm, if you Depart from Puzzledom I . Oh, Marion, Queen Marion, Pray alter your decision, And send again, with might and main, Your cons., with much addition. No need to part, or break your heart, Or he for ever dumb; For I iam sure each maid and knight Loves you too well to lose the light Of dear old Puzzledom I RouERT LI DIABLE. 15.-Now, Yeoulg Folks sportsmen, gather round, For I've a riddle to propound; I first 'twill interest you all, So next the horn, and sound the "call." You are all here, so now I'll start- To startle you would break my heart; So tell me, when shot " scatters," pray, May not it be called "lead astray" P C. DicsoN, London. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a weord to form another word.) 16.-Pray first that lookl. Next not so much; My temper's bad-don't vex it. Of impudence you've third enough. I buy a fobrth? No, none such stuff. Begno,.or I shall treat you rough. I'll fifth you-take your exit. R. Borsaror. CONUNDRUMI. 17.-Dear rnddlels all; a'con. I put before you, But slot a very got boe, I assure you: SWhy frs a 'dipner lik,:the lter S ? ill not take long'ifo.you, my friends, to guess. Nos"oocA.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter rs a word to form antlir ,oiii; e pressed in the narratlve.I 18.-It seems to me the wisest plan To meet Misfortune with a grin, And treat her coolly if you can, Prepared in mind to lose or win In this peculihar game of life, Where cowards take the victors' meceds, While heroes perish in the strife; Where many fail, while one succeeds. Now, life's a see-saw swaying fast, First this end up, and after that; We weary of the galie at last, Then others sit where ke have slit. But though the board in endless dance Goes down and up, I sometimes frown To find by some mysterious chance I'm always on the end that's down, I've sat and waited, yet have found The end I sit on will not rise, But rests securely on the grouud, The other end towards the skies. And I've been thinking, by-and.bye, Unless its balance is restored, That 1 must set to worlt and try lMy forttid on nuO~lidt board, A. ST. J. ADcoeo. MONO 'HONE. (Words of difforent meaning. but the ame in seouund.) 19.-Timothy Taut was the bosun's mate Of the good ship Nancy Joyce; And oft have we heard the notes of his pipe, And the terrible roar of his voice: "Trim sails I Brace up l Lee topsail brace I Haul heavy, my lads I Belay I" . And our labour ended, we orps: ed the docli Por a enoote in the lb0 gaflgcia;, Our Timothiy, too, could take the wheel (Every p'int o' the compass he knowed), And could steer for port in a howling gale, Or the ugliest wind that blowed. And rtL the next was calm or rough, All snug and taut could we feel, For the eyes were clear, and the limbs were tough, That were guiding us at the wheel, Poor Timothy Taut like a sailor died1 And he lies in a sailor's grave; Full niuuty fathoms beneath thq tftd jib sleeps tie sleep of the brate. He died rith a cheer on his lips, fighting hard With the crew of a dhow we had c'aught, Till a big " Portugec " caught him off his guard, And ended poor Timothy 'tant. 1t. DYE. OLIARA)ES. (l'erteln a it word each scvliahi of whIch is a word 20.-A nother year with shade and suit H as psiesd a:a3y ; its days Are tlcu':. A walcened by the airiug's sweet ,'m:ild, P rimrose and violet bloomed awhile; P eacefully passed the sumtmer's hu'rs; Y e low.tinged corn crowned autumu's bowers. N osegays of who 1Pro ofitoen seen E ntwined by leaves of glossy groci : }V ith fair-flaced infutsle sparkling, brIlghll T outhful-her blue eyoes full of light. E ver to first hbowed down with care A word of sympathy she'll spare. It adiaut iind bright she trips al,.n', T unefully war:iling some quaint soUng O ft have I seen the weary breast. O plpressed by toil and sore for rcat, U nder her sweet and sunnty smile, SRestored to second for awhile, Y ielding fresh joy still miay she e6 Qn through the new ypas sun and r'no@i -f seful utd happy; sImtiy hilr di,y2 1N ever be nmarred by sorrow's gate. O entle aul loving words may you, F riends, like dear Winnie, round you strow, O ver the earth, till life shall be L ike a celcstial melody; K induess and sympathy, truth and love, S urely shall find reward above. M. E, J3IONEt`, ?1.--by first may be filled with good cheer or groea wo6; MIy second's oft pressed by " light fantastic toe; Miy echole is a favourite haunt of the mouse, And a very convenioi.t place in the house. Syax, Warrington. LOGOGRIPH. (A *ord ,htleh el' bt treats.l as a tmetamrmin, dsuitiltateti, del,- t!fnric, md triusl' stttit ou, t b utl, levsee a perfect word after oadh operatlon.) 22.-An author famous far and near, Whose works to me are very deart; I pray you bring to light and see If he is what he's said to be. The proper way to find this out Extremely cruel is, no doubt; But as it is the only way, I don't flerceive what you can says So if you're ready for the deed, I'll tell you how you must proceed: Just get my first, and I'll go bail 'That, if you cut away his tail, The part that's left will show to you Re was a second leal and true; And if you'll follow my advice, B.head my seond in a trice. And thon if you have done aright) liy lutst will surely be in sight- A thing that each and all have used, And some, I think, have muoh abused. PI'uc, Ballymena,