IDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.OMEGRAMS. rithe rst and last letters of a word to form another word.) aws T'vm nnitn heartbroken.
Pr mine, I'm quite heartbroken, L easures I-have had but few; Will you let me, now I've spoken, Find a comforter in you ? I have wept with aggravation, Whimpered leudly, night and morn, ganifesting lamentation O'er the cruel wrongs I've bofne; For my brothers, numbering four, Make imy little heart so sore. Amy mine, they're fond of dancing, 'Tis good exercise, they say, Like a set of maniacs prancing Up and down the livelong day. Then at times they practise singing, Ah! but, dear, their sweetest tones Through the rooms and wall are ringing, Most resembling hollow groans. You have brothers, too. I know, Tell me, do they first you so P ~s * * Marion, you are not alone, dear, Each some next of Fate endures; I have brothers of my own, dear, Therefore feel for you with yours. Chemistry, gymnastics, painting, All enjoy their length of days; Why duo brothers love acquainting Us with all their tiresome ways ? Thought I, as I read your verse, '"Yours are dreadful-mine are worse. Marion dear, my heart is lightened, Blissful thirds of peace arise. Such a glorious plan I it frightened All the mischief from their eyes. 'Ti,- But, no. I dare not trust it To the pen and ink domain, So within my mem'ry must it Keep until we meet again. Hoping, longing for that time, Here I end my letter-rhyme. MARION AND Aimr. -Dreamily, dreamily drifting along. Tossed to and fro with the turn of the tide, Shadows around me lay- Skies undisturbed and arey Spread o'er the ocean of life deep and wide; and my heart was attuned to a sorrowful song. emily, dreamily drifting along, Ieedless alike to the sunshine and shower, Like a lone barque was I, Passing each riinmal by, Trusting my fate to the wind's wondrous power, treasting the turbulent last when the current was strong. Dreamily, dreamily drifting along, Ah, but that life is a thing of the past; Safe on a glorious shore, Anchored for evermore, Learning the strength of true friendship at last- a, and my heart is attuned to a thaukogivine song. MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. Drop the final letter of a word, lbaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 3.-I felt so very sad one day, Because I could not write sweet songs; I could not dance, or paint, or play, But sat and brooded o'er my wrongs; I craved a highly-honoured name- The glorious laurel-wreath of fame. I had another cause for woe,. A gallant knight with me was vexed; And to appease his righteous wrath And soothe him I was sore perplexed; I said he " scribbled," though I meant Only a little compliment. But, while I grieved, our fairy queen, With tender words of hope and cheer, In fancy stole her hand in mine And whispered softly in my ear; And I, encouraged by her praise, Try once again my voice to raise. And she explained to that brave knight I did not mean to give him pain, And so I cast aside my fear, And greet my "Tourney" friends again; And to our queen, my own dear friend, My warmest thanks I gladly send. QuEENIE, Chester. -I thought that I'd sit down and write you a con.- I did it; Although I'd decided no subject upon, I did it. It should be something stirring-original, too, Composed on a subject entirely new; A good thought, so, presto I my motto was " Do." I did it. I was walking along when I heard a girl sigh- She did it said, " If you do that again, now, I'll cry." I did itD We then got on peaceable terms, too, when, lo! Along came her brother with footstep not slow; lie said, "I've a fist-I advise you to go." I did it I Ionce played " Othello " (now, pray, do not laugh)- I did it; But when I got on, well, the people would chail-- They did it. en I got to the scene with the pillow and bed, Sco~ld stand it no longer, such cruel things they said; one enthusiast told me to "bury my head." I did it I T. ROYSTON, Blackburn. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. fhage the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) K.-Knights and dames, the queen has spoken, From the North her message flies, By your vows before unbroken, If our words true faith betoken, Cast away disguise." What say you, bold Robert, Philo, Knights who with the van advance P Art willing for your privilege E'en now to break a lance P What say you. O maskers clever, When our empress.queen doth frown, Is it wrong to say first never Boms de plume from us shall sever ? Is it treason 'gainst the crown ? Ivanhoe an'. 'lark Ca Ira, You are challenged, next reply I The court awaits,.while Nellie Watson With suspense will surely die. Yet wert true our monarch weepeth, It would stain our knightly fame Did we know a lady keepoeth Viils long and seldom sleepeth, hpile he knights must' bear the blame. t, while ending, I would query, lre prenouncedi is our doom, lopig she'll forgive the qustiorn- Does our.queees wear no, de plme r? Ie Ea, Liverpool.
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Tripticlh. 6.-Leave we harbour and town, smoke-laden, Speed we forth to our fair domain; Still she rushes like eager maiden To the heart where she holds her reign. Spread it now to the breezes rushing, Rich and fresh with a flowery scent; Hearts with gladness and hope are flushing In the sweetness of union blent. Far and fast o'er the waters going, Fleet as arrow from strong arm sped. Never halting or hindrance knowing, Till the winds and the sea are dead. First Word. From the place where the bright fire flashes, Gilding all with a fiery glare, Blow on blow ever loudly crashes, Sending echoes along the air. Giant strength his great arm upraising, Welds together with dexterous skill Molten metal in fierceness blazing. Work and labour pursuing still. Frame of strength and fingers cunning In their greatness and force allied; Others ne'er, though with grace outrunning, Go above thee in manly pride. Second Word. To the hall where the boards are bending Knight and primal together speed; Loud and high is the song ascending- Song of glory and valiant deed. Ladies fair in their beauty shining Come to join in the festal joy; Loving fingers in rapture twining, Gladness the flying hours employ. In the realms of fancy treading, Heart to heart in their fulness lean, With the sense of sweet conquest shedding Showers of happiness on the scene. IvANHOE, Belfast. METAGRAMS. (Chance the first letter of ia word ,o form another word.) 7.-She lived in a place out of town, In a bhut on the shore of a lake; Her wig was a beautiful brown. Her face a fine " study" would make. Her limbs with rheumatics would ache (The wig was a good one for wear); Her nose for a nose took the cake- You'd have seen it if you had been there. She had a first faded old gown- 'Twas made of fine muslin " opaque;" She had, when she laid herself down, An old dog to watch her named Jake. This gentle old lady would shake A handkerchief ancient and rare When the sun her poor face seemed to bake- You'd have seen it if you had been there. She made of stale seaweed a crown- A crown she would never forsake; She never indulged in a frown. In last her heart never would quake. One day this old lady didn't wake- She was dead; and beside her cracked chair Lay the dog on the points of a rake- You'd have seen it if you had been there. LA MYSTERIE. 8.-I pray you, Mr. Editor, and all my riddling friends, To grant me one short hearing just to first how this all ends; I would ask your kind permission for a very little time, While I try to grind a line or so of idiotic rhyme. " This all is detail," you'll observe; de tail is yet to come, How Wiggins the philanthropist, when far away from home, A damsel in distress espied-he to the rescue ran- A damsel fair with golden hair, but face so pale and wan. She was sitting on the kerbstone, and her eyes with tears were filled, And Wiggins, who in doctor's art was thought to be well skilled, Inquired of her, in gentle tones, what could the matter be, And shed a solitary tear-a last of sympathy. The damsel looked upon his face-her tears now ceased to flow, And Wiggins waited anxiously to hear her tale of woe; He listened for the old, old yarn of a gentle, loving wife And a brutal husband, who, in drink, had filled their home with strife. So he said again, " I pray you tell me what your troubles are." " Oh, sir," she answered through her nose," I'b frighteded oh by ha ; I've dropped a peddy dowd this hole ad caddot it dow fidd; Oh, help be fidd it, please, kidld sir." Bat "kidd sir" just declined. R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. 9.-I'll sing a song, But won't take long, For fear there first be something wrong; It is about A little trout; So let me sing-I will not shout. He was a rogue, this little trout- Swam in and out and round about; His kind he'd flout, and put to rout All other trout, there was no doubt. He'd smirk his tail And never fail To show contempt of fishes frail: "Oh, I'm a fish To make a dish; A. better one no lord could wish." Alas to last! one summer's day A fisherman came down that way; He caught the trout, and well he may Be proud of it to this long day. WILLIE. 10.-For first please find an English shire; Now, if you change its head, A southern Irish county You surely find instead. Please change again, and you will see What we all have to do- That is, with the exception of A too.much-favoured few. T. WARD, Dublin. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narratitve. 11.-Three riddling bards, one summer's night, Found paper, pens and ink, to write A con., to take the world by storm; Each dipped his nib, squared out in form To scribble this tremendous con.I Said one, "We know this riddle is not hard;" "Of course not !" cried the second bard; "But," quoth the third, "why do you shout ' Of Course' ? There's naught to make one out of 1" With scowling looks, the other two Straigheway into a passion flew, And, making ready for a tussle, Bared each a huge outstanding muscle. They fought I And, gath'ring up the pieces small, They threw them broadcast o'er a wall! MoRAL. When bards their riddling pencils touch, That they've no subject never tell them I Their ingenuity is such, They'd make a riddle out of ELYXIAn.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The finalletters. as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 12.-She sings in a musical measure, This lady whose name you must guess, And her songs always give me a pleasure That words can but faintly express. May she long o'er the " Tournament" pages, In beauty and goodness, preside; May her lays in the far future ages Be sung by the bright fireside. Cross Words. This means to injure, not to kill; As when you push one down a hill. This is a lovely spreading tree Which groweth far beyond the sea. This is a glowing beam of light From anything which shineth bright. This means a fine conception, shown Sometimes on canvas or in stone. This is a kind of sacred song, Which sometimes lasts a whole night long. This means to favour neither side. Ta-ta, I'm off now for a ride. S. Woon. Foundation Words. 13.-Within the walls of' iirkenhead so old, No riddling knight is greater, I am told, Since jokes and fun, With many a pun And tale of love, are what we all behold. And you, with truth and honesty combined, Must have a noble and a pleasant mind, Since dashing on In many a con., You leave such folks as I far, far behind. Cross Words. My sister first, in swinging, as you reckoned, Had the misfortune, Jack, to break her secoLd. Within the next she saw her loved one laid; And as she stood, submissively she prayed. In a great rage the farmer shouted out, " Bring me a glass of fourth, you stupid lout I" This fifth has been each poet's grandest theme, And all sixth hearts have cried, "God save the Queen!" The bride, with pretty grace, demure and shy, Gazed on the sesventh-flowers with downcast eye. This last invention is a wondrous thing, And men its praises will for ever sing. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundations Words. 14.-My voice I'll raise, and sing the praise Of a fair riddling dame; You'll all agree and say that she Has earned a lasting fame. Her verses bright afford delight To all who read the " T.;" And I would pray that long we may Her sweet effusions see. Cross Words. A precious stone, to all well known, In first you'll quickly see; In next please trace part of your face; A noise my third will be. Fourth is a bird of which you've heard, And p'r'aps have seen it, too; In forest grand my fifth doth stand; My sixth each day we do. A word for kind now call to mind, And place it for my next; In eighth s ou'll view what parsons do When they select a text. An ornament this will present- It is by ladies worn; And now to.end, put down, my friend, A certain kind of corn. C. F. BARKER, Wood Green. Foundation Words. 15.-In pf'imals is shown a famous bay; By some of you 'tis seen each day. Cross Words. First is the name of a continent; Her cons. we oft see in the " Tournament;" Third is a hero of Grecian lore; We long for fourth to come once more; Filth is a celebrated sculler; My sixth will give a well-known colour; This is a country-well you know it; Eighth was the greatest English poet; In last a precious stone is seen- Its.colour is a brilliant green. .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. CHARADES. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 16.-Oh, it was a fearful third As ever I was second; No frst-rely upon my word- Has half as bad been reckoned. Though on one lovely first next June, When stars lit up the sky, I stayed and listened to the tune That whole sang then close by. Yes, first next third, I must declare, Was music sweet and, to me, rare. BYJA MERIT. 17--Primal cannot tell the fnal Of this noble man, Who, of all our famous poets, Once did lead the van. Now he's sleeping with his fathers In the land of rest; May his name throughout the nation Evermore be blest. CA IRA. 18.-Along a street in whole, one day, Singing lightly all the way, There came a sweet first, Nell; She, seeing not a last that lay Upon the ground, just in her way, Tripped over it and fell. CAROLINE HOLLOWAY. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different meanin with each change of pronuociation.) 19,-A lass stands by a wicket gate That overlooked a lane; The moon is up. the hour is late, Bright stars o'er all things reign. She hears a step, she sees my first- The lad that she loves best; One moment more, and she is clasped Close to her lover's breast. They sing the old song o'er again- The song that's sung on high; For 'tis the song that breathes of love, And love can never die, One little word may break the spell That over them is cast; When man proposes, who can tell If woman will not last? TEaESA CAEPTORNsE. CONUNDRUM. 20.-A con. I'll repeat On a subject that's nice: Can any one tell When a man sneezes thrice? E. Wann.
NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 21.-Her pa was a dealer in soap, To marry young Fred was her hoap B As both had expected, The old man objected, So of course they arranged to eloap. When the time they appointed had come, They went, with a bottle of rome; As their footmarks, next morn, He spied on the lorn, With passion the old man was dome. Jo-Kixo, Lambeth. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 22.-Sir Ivanhoe, I much enjoyed your con., whose ev'ry feature Revealed a merited attack on Fashion's enslaved creature; You pointed out her weaknesses with wonderful pre. cision, And held up to the " light of day " her " charms " with firm derision. You lightly dwelt, I must concede, upon a " structure " common Among the fashionable throng who each aspire to woman; Your modesty would not allow your facile pen to hustle, But as I'm not so modest, we will call the thing a "bustle 1" Yet, sir, I scarcely deem it wise, whilst the male dude's existent, To throw stones from a house of glass, e'en though the foe be distant; There's prrimal aimless, brainless apes who really are our brothers, So let us rectify our own before we laugh at others. Our gentle (?) friends, the weaker sex (in truth, they ate the stronger) Aver they'll not "put up" with such as we, sir, second longer; The same old tale (whose tail is (s)tale), at any time or season l An irritated woman, sir, is always deaf to reason I You talk about the " untamed steed," but, by our cuff and collar t The jaw of angry woman beats such "pets" completely " holler." But, sir, as I've already said, we must not act unwisely Whilst members of our own sex move as asses so precisely. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 23.-By the sad sea waves, by the sad sea waves, 'Tis pleasant to sit and to ruminate; What pleasure ecstatic, my mem'ry erratic, And have next soft wave to illuminate ! What pleasure to sit by the sad sea waves, And your sorrows and troubles to mitigate; On the first how divine on stolen clothes to recline- But to have a man for them to litigate I S. DE BEAR. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavine another word.) 24.-One day it chanced a strolling tar Sank in a dyeing sink, As, stooping o'er a water-first, He did essay to drink. When he emerged, his countenance Much altered it was seen; His worthy mates, vociferous, Did call him then " marine." Second when he washed with honey-soap, His mateb laughed forth anew, " Why, mate, no cause to grieve, for you Axe dyed a' Navy blue i"' H. Cox. 25.-A first of horses were drawing a plough To till the ground for sowing; In another field two labourers Were attending to turnips growing, Weeding here and weeding there Until some hours had past ; When they had finished their day's work They went to have their last. H. CARTER. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 26.-Fair queen, with a lady of your penetration It is useless, I feel, to assume a disguise I Visor down, in the ranks, I may still keep my station, But mast kneel bareheaded before your eyes. Your optics are first, I've heard you declare it, I must confess me this second I own; Here's my secret, dear madam (I joy you should share it)- I'm a perfect stranger, to you unknown i tMADEIRA. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a w".rd to form another word, ex. press ed in the narrative.) 27.-'Twas in that eerie and darksome hour When day succumbed to night, A tall man came to my cottage door In a ragged, sorry plight; And he asked tor shelter in a tone Both insolent and bold, From the falling snow and the stormy blast, And the bitter winter cold. I took him in and I housed him well, And gave him to eat and drink; But when I woke at the break of day, I found-what do you think ? I found that my stranger guest was gone- Was gone without recall; Likewise my purse and my watch, of. cet., In fact, my humble all. L. B. WoLSTRUrrHEtR.