RIDDLE TOURNAjENT. TR 1N. PJSITI`INAL DOUBLE ACflO TIC. arId Lhri IA L'nia u: C. vyx tr Llul i ti.r.a lruI 1 I r ui ter ii nrdis PUetl ihrid7L tiorirn.
1.--'Tis night. I stand alone and gaze around, As on a grtnite paraipet I leant. Scarcely a soil I see, nor hear a sound, For golden Si euce is the reigning queen. A light wind shakes the gaslights with its breath : I see their gilt reflections under me Down in the murky Thames, which glides beneath, Onward towards the distant rolling sea. 'Tis morn. What startling sounds assuil my ea:'! Rattle if hlrses' hoofs. and creak of wheels, Cracki i i t Irivers' whips, and shouts, and j ers ; Andl tie in chase of one anouther's heels, Who laugh, and talk. and argue as they go Over the tlow tug tide with footsteps swift. One heterogeneoiis mss of life, they flow Onward towards you mighty home of thrift. Cr-oss Words. With Mlary, 'twas the subject of a rhyme, Which pleas. d us all in childhood's happy time ; Now, from the subject for a moment vagrant, Transpose, and liud a plant that's very fragrant. It's surely above every reader of this Little riddle, hut you will discern what it is; Transpose, and espy what a wandering Jew, A rambler, a rover, is certain to do. A gulf in Morea rightly guess for third : It's thirty miles from Corinth, I have heard- That is, as flies the sable-plumaged crow. But that. Greek crows fly like the English bird, Or that the Greeks have crows, I do not know. Now bring to light a claim by right; Transposed, it shows to you What trouble, anger, pain, or spite Occasionally do. I was a gianut, bold and defiant, But now I have vanished; He who transposes quickly discloses A word that has banished, With testy impatience, hard-up relations. The middle of a church must now be filled in; Transpose, and disclose The very apex of the self-same building. II. C. PRICE. Southwark. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foeudation Word. 2.-Some good firsts, and finals too, In 'Youet Folks you can always view. Cross Words. All who are caught at first, you see, Will have to pay the penalty; Success the English efforts crown'd On this famous hattle-ground ; May you always he this, I weeu, To your lover and the queen ; To wnike glad or to dignify, You'll find that this does signify; Of this most people possess five, And from them benefit derive. lt: uMsov STAR, Stratford. Foundatioi lo','r s. 3.-On, in the still, sweet night we tramped, a weary, ldusky band,. With finals held in readliness, and carbines well to hand; So, hne in line, we marched along, a shad'wy, spectral file, And o'-r the tr'each'rons wa-te of sand trudged many a lonely :ihile! On, on. undl ou, a silent host -each twinkliing star had lied, No ,rilli:ntt mioon relieved the inky blackness overhead. At, last the 'linuds beg i,. to lit' and slowly stole awa., Andl there before us lay the hoe in the light of oawning day! Then the wieloo'ne word was given, " CIharge, comrades :ill !" and right In the face of with'ring pri.,mal, we quickly sought the tight. Thin the s uund of whole wt- raip:lant, then b:ade was met by Il ie ; And sonu iunt, a gory flight was 'l:hanged that morning raid ! We cut, and thrust, an- slew th in till the .lusky foe- men fiel, All pell-mell andu heltrter.-,k._!Lr, leht Ii hundreds of their dead Lying with their gha-tly facea turi:u:d ip to the birniiug sky, W'hile their wnnuded s..reamed in terror at our wild triumlphal ycr, As out upon thlie hletedl air boomed, out n lonely gun, The tidings of our vsct ,ry, ;inid " ''Tel-l- Kebir's won !" ( ,".' , ll-ord,?. 'Tin no' i earnation, Tl'hough flower as nice; 13uu,ow yo.i in station, Anil that, st mut suice; 'Twill intoxication (' 'ate in a trice; They mean deviation r roni what is precise. WA.Lius AND GirAAsca. DECAPITATIONS. ;Drop the first letter of a word.leaving another wordl.) 4.-It was the King of Thule Who was faithtul to the grave, And unto him his dying love A primal goblet gave. It eeor stood beside him, As lie feasted 'mid his peers, And every time lie touched its rim IIis eyes were filled with tears. And when his hour was coming, To his heirs hli rendered un His treasures and his many towns, But kept his cherished cup. Placed at his royal table, By his knights girt lovingly, In the hall of that last palace Fair seated by the sea, He raised himself, and clasping The bl"st cup his lady gave, He drained it for the last., last time, Then flung it in the wave. He saw it falling, filling, And the water rushing o'er, The light died sadly in his eyes- He never tasted more. W. SEELt, Cork. 5.-Luna's first light is streaming through the trees, Sweet Philomel is singing in the dell; The mill-stream's hum floats gently on the breeze, Which with it bears the sound of evening bell. The children dancing on the village green, The blushing maiden w th her loving swain, Complete of peace and happiness a scene, Free from the ills whiclh wealth brings in its train. For here among the rough, untutored minds Of villagers, contentmnent reigns supreme, And hospitality, which second finds Due recognition in a poet's theme. D. G. Hoairs. 6.-Oh, for the pen of a poet like Coulson, Or the golden ideas of bright Pickering; But I'm humbled to dust, for as Father Time rolls oit, I hear the first air with my praises ne'er ring. I'm patiently waiting now next I get clever. Though I think that I'll have to be waiting for ever. O hard tyrant, Fame, wilt thou visit me never ? Shall I be joyful, or shall I despair ? Yet I have hopes, for as midnight looked dreary. And I lay third and wakinti in silence and gloom. I heard calling my namie with a voice glad and cheery, An ancestral poet who'd entered my room. Straightway he spake, and said, " O careworn poet, You're very clever, though p'r'apayriu d,n't know it." Straightway be vanished, and melted in air. C. H. BOgHMER.
ANAGRAMIS ON ENGLISH COUNTIES 7.- What ma.ne his lad returnL from Bath so soon? ]Ie only started ou the ninth or June. HI ordlers its removal to " The View ." I readly do not know what I shall du, Yes; every d y he mte's her, sir, e I Thought I would cadll at once and say good-bye. Just bring your rod here, Fi-her; by the church The place is fairly packed with dace and perch. Yes; uncle Tom can suil her, aunt can steer, And you can have a pleasant trip, my dear. His cheer was taken up both near and far, And everybody shouted out, " Hurrah !" Non Osu;s Momi. CHA :ADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ S.-A fragment of cloth, destroyed by the moth (It only conuaius iettern three), Or that which is torn, or rent, or well worn My fir's! will apparently be. My nea.t, it you mind, you'll easily find (A letter It is, and but one), A vowel, depend, in " sand," not in " send." You've guesPed it? 1 thought so. Well done! A.nd now lake my last, and have a repast (Six letters in this word will be)- A light spongy cake you toast or you bake, A very nice relish for tea. Select, if you can, the name for a man, A " fel ow" of doubtful degree- A blackguard, in fact, no honour or tact, My iwnole you will then plainly see. EI.BON Mnu. 9.--" Good morning, youngster, how d'ye do ? Aid how's your ma and sister Sue ? "iPst last ? That's right! Have you heard from Your aunt at total lately, Tom ?" " Last week we heard she has a cough." " Indeed! Good-bye, I musi be off." ARCHER B., Kentish 'rows, MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the same in sound - 10.-'Twas on a dark and stormy night, And well I now can call to mind That weird and truly awful sight, The good ship drifting 'fore the wind. On, on, she still did helpless dash ; The wild waves first her deck did rush; 'Mid thunders' roar, and lightnings' flash, They strove in vain her sides to crash. But hark ! a sound that rises high Above the wind's shi ill shliek they hear- The roar of breakers sounding nigh. It fills the stoutest heart with fear. But soon, too soon, they reach that spot. One fearful plunge-they're seen no more, And not a last is left to dot 'Thlie place they sank so near the shore. F. W. Mina. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordj 1l.-We walked o'er the broad verdant fields, So pleasant in si ring-time to view; All Nature seemed joyous and gay, Which filled us with happiness, too. A shepherd, with primal in hand, Was tending his sheep on the hill. Said Ida, " This landscape is grand, With pleasure miy heart it does till." Close by we beheld a small next, Pursuing its tortuous course; With many ob-tructions oft vexed, Its way through them all it did force, Towards the old weather-stained mill, So fast falling iut,' decay, WVhose imassi e and once noisy wheel Has been silent for many a day. S. W. tHAYES, Worcester. 12.-A lovely ladd:e is our Vin, with eyes of azure line, And stronlg aflectiou biding in their depths so clear ad true; With nut-brown hair brushed from his brow, so nolsk, pure, and white, And a figure like at willow rod, as lithe and as upright With a graceftAl and elastic step our little brother walks, And silv'ry notes fall from his lips whene'er he smils and talks. lie would not lirst to tell a lie for piles of dazzling geld, Nor wnull lie do a sly, meau act for all the wealth untel. And Yin IF charits le, too: he loves to help the poor, lie would not let a little child go hungry from the dear.' His 1,arents le'd not disobey, I think he'd rather die; if he snow others doing so 'twould make him almost, ry. I ami not praisiug him at all more than I really should, And not because _'im hound to him by ties of sisterhood. He is our pet, our comfort, and our youngest, de:u3st brother, Still I give him but the meed of praise I would give to another. He in our hearts will second aye the small bine be a ppears, He'll hell) to soothe our weariest pain, to lighten all oun fears. MIAGGE E. DENNY, eIu-te. HIDDEN BRITISH RIVERS. 13.-One day we put the horses to, Wit h allies and reins comple e, To drive into the country, which Is ever flew and sweet. But Bety, never taking heed, In mounting to her seat, Just caught a hook that rent her dress, And threw her off her feet. But fear and awe are little known By folks on pleasure bent, And having roused her up a bit, We che,:red and off we went.. And e.chl made every effort then '1To spend a ha,,py day. We ate es allops, cakes, and fruit, Atid threw care right away. Tired out. no need entrent.ing us, \Vhen out the order went To start tor home and end this tour, The pleas intest I've spent. B. V. T1SL- CURTAILMIENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another a ord.l 14.-I rarely quarrel with a foe, First scarcely ever with a friend; But when I do, I'm never slow In bringing matters to next end. I never nurse my anger long, Whate'er the strife may be about; But in the right or in the wrong, I always hlike to have it out. From all the aches and pains on earth (Whichl father Adam did bequeath) I've sufferedl ever since my birth, Particularly in my teeth. Whene'er third molar spoils my rest, I never hesi.ate or doubt, The simplest remedy is best- I always like to have it out. Should ready money prove, perchance, No easy matter to obtain, I ask my broker to advance Third trifle on my watch or chain. I cannot say that I prefer To leave that bauble " up the spout;" When opportunities occur, I always like to have it out I Bxnsi fool