RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL CHANGE.
(Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-In days agone we often first in praise of one another; In days agone we praised our Ed., and every riddling brother; In days agone-but not for aye !-this page was full and bright, And leadership contended for by lady and by knight. But, pshaw ! I will not mourn the past, nor next wild words of praise Of old-time friends, of Aspen, who 'Aspen-ed some pretty lays, Of Barwell, Adcock, Hemery, of Dotchon, Binstead too ; I leave that uncongenial task for other bards to do. I much prefer to write of now, and eke to muse upon The qualities of sweet " Prince " Coulson (see his clever con.), Of gentle Noe Naime-glad, my friend, to know you've found your name- And Preston, who has press'd on to the foremost ranks of fame. We've Mr. Price-a priceless acquisition to our ranks- (To pun upon " our Picky's" name I must decline with thanks), We've Holmes, sweet Holmes, and Marshall, too, of martial knights a pair, And B. de B., the loss of whom we could not (B. de) Bear. We've Wallis, Harnett, Harrington, Miles, Graham, and the rest; Miss Taylor, who can pen a tale or poem with the Lest; Our Irish friend, Diana, and the witty Nellie C., And last, not least, the Amny-able, cheery Amy B, With such a comely show of wit and cleverness before us, Why need we weep o'er old-time friends and sigh for them in chorus ? Come, come, my riddling champions, who have lately been so coy, Cease mourning, send your cons. in, and, believe me, yours, G. 'TRoY. BETAGRAIM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 2.-Fairest of all most faar Was Eulalie, Golden her rippling hair, Bright blue her eye ; Flower of the woodland dells, Sweetest of village belles. She dwelt on a sloping hill, Fair Eulalie; C:ose by, a silv'ry rill Ran to the sea, Murmuring on its way Joyfully day by day. First she there, day by day, Sweet Eulalie, Waiting for those away Far o'er the sea- Waiting, in hope and fear, For friends and father dear. Sometimes the storm-kings reign Over the sea; Then, with a weary pain, Poor Eulalie, Watching the seething foam, Wishes her next ones homine. But when the sky is bright, And the waves clear, Shining with golden light, She has no fear, Knowing that all is well, And naught her friends befell. MAGnGI D. nMETAGRAbMS. (Chance the first letter of a w d onto f, rin another word.l 3.-Behold me, friends, a headless frame-supply this dreadful want, And readily you'll give a name to me-a weedy plant; how change my head six times, and then will come, in turn, to sight, A bird whose voice we like to hear, though-musical P- tuot inite; A seoue-'tis of eigantic size; a very " heady " wine; And something that is surely found upon your head and mine. I gr.eve to tell my cruel next-it makes unkindly fun; Part of man's dress you see in last, And now my riddle's done. DIANA. 4.-" Roderick, first yon eagle's flight lTo the crag-'twill there alight. See, it has above it rose, Swift descending to repose. Cloth.bound bhaft-the distance ganged- Soon we'll have the creature caged. Long has fate this time deferred- Caution, and we'll next the bird. " Yes, 'tis struck; with aim as true As ever sent, thy arrow flew. In its wing thy shaft doth hang"- " Diana tae the creature gang. Eagles thus, says auld Strayspeth, Hae pecked mony a mon tae death." " To the house the eagle bear. 'Tis escaping-have more care. Roderick, keep the deerhouna hack; The cord that binds the bird is slack- Keep it bound, and in tiue course Place it in the cage by force. THE CAITIVE EAGtLE. Thou'rt lord nae miair o' the eyrie there, Bird o' rapacity, Strength and audacity. Ne'er again frae its dam thou the lamb shall tear. Vain each endeavour; Thy wings shall never Mair bear thee he-ice tae thy native lair. D. G. HOLtMs. 5.-Oh, first to the marriage, in car, coach, or carriage, Of Lord Pocahontas, the merry young squire, Bring Jeremy Diddler, the bandy-legged fidder, With jollity all the young folks to inspire. The complete extinctior of every distinction Of second, of course, is to be understood; And unalloyed pleasure, with unstinted measure, Is offered to all-bad, indiff'rent, or good. The turkey well third.ed, with seasonings girded, Is there to be last-ed by all, you must know ; And what you may scatter will really not matter, For fourth will be noticed by none, high or low. J. HvuaE, Dundee. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative. 6.-Onward, lads! Oh, never shrink, Though the task be great How little of the man we thonk Who meekly " yields to Fate !" "That which other men have done May be done by you." Steady perseverance none E'er had cause to rue. Clogging Sloth and Pleasure gay, Bringing Grief in rear, Never let them gain the day; Onward I-do not fear. Hill of Difficulty climb. Work with might and main; Though you fail time after time, " Onward l" shout again. P. G. A. CURTAILMENT. Drop tilhe final letter of a word. leavine another worcd.) 7.-A stranger comes from foreign shores, P'rchance to seek relief; Curtail him, and you'll find his tale Unworthy of belief; Curtail again, you recognize The old Egyptian chief. HBin BOOT.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each aylltr,!e of which 1 it wor 1.l 8.-See! a revel's afoot 'neath the branching fern Now the moon's pale cressevrbegins to burn Fairies and elves from the floweret cells Creep out at the sound of the sweet harebells, While the mushrooms spring for a banquet spread. And the dewdrops hang on the leaves o'erhedad. Titania and Oberon hold to-night Their fairy Court by the moonbeam's light. The feast is ready, each tiny fay Is decked in his gala garment gay, And my first Titania leads forth by hand, And welcome bids to the elfin band. Then they trip and skip to the tuiustrelsy Of the humming gnat and the droning fly; And when each fairy has taken his place, My first uprises with lordly grace : " Oberon drinks to his guests. Fill high The. monarch's goblet." The pages hie, And, kneeling before his throne, upholk My second's blossom of carven gold. Then my first proclaimed: " As a memory Of all who have feasted to-night with tme, While the stars shall shine and the planets roil This golden bloom shall be naued my ooklc." CIutIsoN STAR, Stratford, 9.-Sir Reginald de Vere came from sacred Palestine, Where he had fought with Saladiu and worn the crous' sign; Gallant and brave he was, and many a deed of might 'Gaiust turbaned Saracens had he performed in moLti fight. Ile was my first; the corded monks of yore And surpliced priests my second ofttimes wore; MIy uiolwe was a noble dignity by bravery ob: ained, 'Twas by the sword conferred, and by the swrnl 'twla gained. SCch::ru, REVERSION. (A word which read backward (sores another word.) 10.-When Britain boldly raised herself Above the countries of the earth, She owned a race of warlike men, Who loved the land which gave them birth, They fought and gladly died for her, With dying breath proclaimed her" .me, Joined hand in hand to build aloft Their nation's honour, praise, and l,4ie. Too quickly disappear from sight Those grand old heroes of the past; Too careless are we of the joys Which their bright deeds hare first at ia t. They formed a Power which bravely next Retains its honour, peace, and sway; And their long lives of virtue set A sweet example to this day. F. WEna. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the inllual letters of other wordsi Foundatiomt Word. 11.-A Young Folks riddler, for whose name You'll not have far to seek, For you can surely see the same In it nigh every week. Cross Words. Oft seen on the sea; Not cheap, you'll allow; This is a tall tree; You may see it now; A dye or a paint; An important man; A personage quaint; Solve this if you can; A country well known ; Part of me and yru ; By farmers oft sawn. Now, riddlers, anelr ! P. A. WVALDROS, Ballyhatni;, Foundation Il'orrds. 12.-A broad expanse of waving trees, When passing here, the traveller sees; Wild flowers in great profusion growv. All scattered o'er the ground, a ul, lo! A hare comes bounding o'er the green, Then darts behind the leafy screen; And on this spot a king was slaiun, Who here for centuries past has lain, Cross Words. Amidst the angry, storm-tos-ed sea he standsa, This ancient god, with trident in his hands. He sat firm and next on his horse so still, And watched the raging battle from a hill. Mysterious words he mutters in the gloom, And smoke and incense slowly fill the room. I tell you what, Sir Archibald John Spinney, When I come here my fourth is just one guinea. Next his broad breast a glittering medal houg ;i Seventh of service now long past and done. A ship is eighth upon the glassy sea, And on her deck are sounds of revelry,. When, crash ! and fast her shivering lasts now part And dark despair fills many a noble heart. As fifth a treach'rous sixth she now has gone, And swiftly sinks into the depths unknown. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leavt'rC another wnord. 13.-Oh, smiling Spring, thy bright return we hail! The daisy-tufted mead, the flowery dale, The primrose sweet, the scented hawthorn tree, The buttercup from o'er the verdant lea, The aerial songster chiming rosy diwn, The bounding fallow-deer, the frisking fawn, In Nature's eloquence, accord to thee A welcome, grand in sweet rusticity. Thy magic first, in bright gay foliage clothes The leafless shrubs, the naked rural groves, The hedgerow, in a robe of glowing green. 'Neath which the sparrow forms her nest useen; For thee the brooklet sings in gladder str:uu, Fair Flora regnant 'long its winding train. Thus slumb'ring Nature joyously awakes. Next led by thee, from Winter's stern yoke bred': L'A. fR. TATE, L;clfas:. 14.-This will define What means to shlue; But please to guillotine, And then you view What all of :'ou Do with your ears, I ween. .;mIi i OF B3UnGIILe, MONOPHO NE. (Words of different meaning, bu(t trle same in souna.) 15.-I know a little boy, He's such a seltish fellow! Though owning many a toy, He'll kick, and scream, and bellow If anybody tries To use his special playthings. And, oh I he sobs and cries, And sometimes he will say things Thpt scandalize me quite. One day I took his first, Thinking 'twould be all right; But such a spiteful burst Of next-.ing greeted me, That I was glad to flee. FOLurSc'IL. CONUNDRUM. 16.-Of all the men in history named, Who wore the largest hat (Including those for valour famed) ? Please, Young Folks, answer tlhat. ELnooS Ilt.