Our friend HENRY ADAxM to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. One of a family am I Begotten of the passing year ; When Spring's fresh leaf.buds charm the eye, Upon the world's stage I appear. Cold is my nature, and unkind; No minstrel e'er my praise has sung. My very name brings war to mind, Thrills oft, too, on the soldier's tongue. Fierce as a lion in the wood While yet a child, myself f show, And when in such unruly mood, What harm may hap too many know, Anon, as age upon me grows, These rough airs pass away from me, Till, at my life's appointed close, No lamb more meek than I could be. Some timid creatures mad I make, A saying old would have believe; And when Time chimes the hour to take My exit, men all fools I leave. Within the world I bide not long, Yet lives my name through countless years, And though my bier no mourners throng, I'm followed by a sister's tears. HENRY ADAMS. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. In my primals behold an old riddler right clever- To find out his name will you kindly endeavour P Another new ridoler my finals declare, And of praise we must give him his well.earntd share. Cross Words. Nelson, second of the ocean, In his cabin sat one day, Gazing on a first, and thinking- Thiuking of Trafalgar's Bay. On his third his head was resting, And his thoughts were far away. Two little lads went out for a spree, And came to a river, and shouted with glee. " Oh, here's a fine fifth I" quoth the smallest small boy. "Let's go for a fourth I" said the other, in joy. They went, and-I'm sad such a tale to be tellihg- They never came back to their own humble dwelling. At a good old man whose name is next, You now must take a peep: He's reclining on a seventh, and Has fallen fast asleep. It was the mystic, awful midnight hour, An. Reynard 'midst the farms had made a tour, He thought that everything, like grapes, were sour. At last he came-oh, lucky was his cruise-- Across a henhouse-this was jolly news. He quickly leapt the wall, Which wasn't very tall, And caused eight 'midst the "cock.a.doodle.doos." The master raised the stinging next; The scholar, having no pretext. No tenth put forth, but held his hand, And soon, indeed, felt very vexed. They stand upon the shore alone, While down below the sad waves moan; He kisses her again. "You will be next, my sailor brave, And when upon the seething wave You will remember Jane P" The last standsin his gentle eye, And murmurs he, with heavy sigh, " My darling, trust to me I'll ne'er forget my bonny girl. Though waves may roar, and winds may whirl, I'll still remember thee." PRICE AND PICKERINo. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. If centres you will guess aright, A female's name will come to sight. For first, dear friends, please look in salt, You'll find it there, I wis; But it is notin beer or malt- In wines, lo! there it is. If next you wish to bring to mind. Please think a while ; you'll see That thus my second isdefined: "A kind of fruit and tree." My fourth is in the kitchen seen; My last appears in new, 'Tis also found in ev'ry bean That's e'er been seen by you. But now, I see, Enough of me You've had; so, friends, goodbye, And I've no doubt That you'll find out My puzzle, if you try. F.T. RIDLET, Newcastle. CENTRAL DELETION. NT. 4. "Dragon.fly, with wings of blue, That like first do o1ok, Tell me why it is that you Hover round this brook P" " I would bid the fish beware Of yon shady nook, For I see an angler there, With his murd'rons hook." " Cloudlets flitting o'er the sky, As I next at you, How 1 wonder where you fly, And what work you d4 1" "We fly to the better land, And we thither bear Spirits snatched by Death's cold hand From a world of care." CoNcOansDIA.
DECAPITATION. No. 5. Oh, dreaded first (peace to thy manes) ow oft I've oursed thee for my phins And once at dead of night I stole, And, trembling, drew thee from thy hole i And then thy plaited head I broke, Laughing and ohuckling fit to choke. But when the spiteful morn came round, Thy severed form my parent found. Alas I I met his vengeance fell, And owned thy tail could sting as well. And once, when cherries' charms yrevailed, And Greadie's glass.topped wall I scaled, I found the next had also stings (And all through those green, beastly things). Full many a last, when Greadie came, I had, and limped home, sore and lame. WOODENT OnIuauKETzawo. REBUS.
REBUS. No. 6. / B, ELANO, Belfast.
CHARADES. No. 7. Shakespeare said, of wit he reckoned Brevity was soul. Every day my first doth second, Then it is my whole. GrESSxETNe AIaE. No. 8. First, come with me, your next and heir, And have a walk this morn so fair. Perhaps at work a whole we'll see; So, first, come have a walk with me. LM. FAILANQUE, Bradford. CONUNDRUM. No. 9. Can any of our readers kindly state The answer of the con., and make it plain Why is any election candidate Like the balloonist, our Commander Cheyne ? A_. H nWr.rl
REBUS. No. 10. ~24 lbs AN. BUPEhT AND BEGU.ALCD ATNBLEY.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. When John had read the " Letter.Box," A look of blank dismay O'erspread his face, and, sighing, he Thus unto me did say: " Dear Tom, the cons. I sent our Ed. Were all refused." Said L "I thought they'd be accepted; but You must again then try." " I dare not try again," said he, "For I could not, I fear, Succeed." "You will succeed," said I, " If ytu but persevere." T. O'Cos-on, Kinsale. KONOPHONE. No. 12. A first I always like to read, In which I hear of some grand deed, And of a hero brave and bold, Of whom the famous deed is told. But. strange to say, my second's found On beasts that run along the Rround. In sound these words are just the same, So now, I pray, tell me their name. DEMOSTrENEs.
METAGRAM ACROSTIO No. 1L. oundon or.d ies when we are employed at sochool In hopes of gaining far Su ors^ nw C- Qel That in our learning naught should b" o That we, You ng o . are a s pl t . s, 'Tis when we are at home and at e tot0.1 We seize the chance and take a thour withre And you, dear friends Pelha is witlh d1sa To this my simple Puzzle to he end nd Cross Words. In man' English counties I abound But pnncip'ly in Sussex I am found. I'm closed at night, but open all the day I always help to guide you on youre day. A little word--yo've seen me oft beforen My meaning, always and for evermore. Takes years, I think, to make the hair torn But , Young Folks, could turn it in a dy. , METAGRAM. . No. 1t. The notes of first have ounded loud, And o'er the billows blue Full many a ship of battle proud Has borne its daring crew; And many a gallant second cries, As he stands on the deck, With valour sparkling iu his eyes, " We'll see our craft a wreck Before we'll yield in a true, just fight; For heaven helps those who are in the right!" The ships sail third across the waves, And naught can fourth their track; Their crews will sleep in ocean graves Ere come defeated back; And scars will fifth some handsome face That scorns to fear a foe; And mothers in some distant place Will weep for sons laid low, While Death his ghastly sixth will fill With those he's made for ever still. C. A. CuLAn. CHARADE. No. 15. The wind blows keen across the hill, 'Tie thorough winter weather; But Kate, and John, and Sue. and Phil Are all my fr. t, and so we will Just do my third together, And send my second down the lane To fetch our bonny daughter Jane To spend the day at home. Say from my whole that we have had A letter that will make her g ad- Good tidings of a Scottish lad- Then she will quickly come. LILLIE AND W;II.I. MONOPIHONE. No. 16. I often call, but still they're not at. ome- " Will you kindly come another da " Some people go to France, and some to Rome. I'm sick of being told " They're still away." I tried to win a servant to my side: He looked sagacious, eyed the half a crown, Put it in his pocket, then replied, " Master says as how he's out of town." "'Cute first, you're second I" people will exclaim. " So do not bother any more, I pray." Yet if I fail, I feel myself to blame, And, broken.hearted, sadly turn away. T. W. KncaER. LOGOGRIPH. No. 17. A well.-known country close to France For first you will please to indite; Behead it, and now, friends, perchance, What's hated will soon come to light. Remove just one letter, and then A very small thing will be seen ; 'Tis useful to women and men- You know what it is well, I ween. Reverse this small thing, and, I trow, A verb transitive will appear; It means to pinch or blast, you know. So, as r'evoir, ye solvers dear. P. N. GAFNET, Dublin. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. A stately brow my whole has oft adorned; But pluck my centre out, then you will find An instrument of music known to all. So now, dear friends, the answer call to mind. W. H. BnRD, Holloway, DECAPITATION. No. 19. Now, Young Folks, please decapitate A word that meaneth spite, And then a famous heroine Will come before your sight. Aumc M. M'LtcaL, urneo. ....-'."4 -- ...