RIDDLE TOURNAMEINT,
(Change the first letter of a word to form another werJ 1.-'Twas the glorious summer weather, and the ge sunlight lay O'er the moorland's purple heather and the - stretched far away; But my heart was full of sorrow, for my sailor lad brave Would, upon the dawning morrow, sail across the o wave. When the autumn winds were blowing, came a me o'er the sea: Every line with hope was glowing, bearing words of l to me; And I watched and waited daily, for my heart wase and glad- Watched the waves that tossed so gaily, bearing h my sailor lad. Wintry days were long departed, balmy spring had its reign, Still I watched, all heavy-hearted, for my sailor la vain; Till at last there came a letter many final news to tel And I felt it would be better had I died with him as Oh, the golden sun is shining, making all the world fair, But behind its radiant lining he is waiting for meth Where for ever and for ever angels sing a sweet ref Far across the mystic river I shall meet him once a Meet my primal once again. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead 2.-"Ah, lady ! sing that song once more; Thy sweet tones call to mind First voice of one I loved right well- My blithe and beauteous Isabel, So gentle, sweet and kind." "And who is Isabel?" she said, In tender accents low; " Was next the lady of your love, And is she now in realms above?" " Ah, no! sweet lady, no." " Now, prithee, tell me who she was, Your favourite child ?" " Not that. I dare not tell, it might annoy, Although, to me, her voice gave joy: She was-my favourite cat !" E. J, T,$ 3.-Look at yonder ruin old, First a skeleton it lies, Where for ages long, untold, Proud it pointed to the skies. All secureln strength, defying Age, that lays man's labour wrasto, Still, while years went onward flying, Stood the castle undefaced. Sut man's work, like man, is mortal; Proudest strength 'gainst Time is vain; Ruin entered at the portal Never once to leave again. Strong the unseen arm it wielded, Canker Time in secret gnawed; So the castle slowly yielded To decay its tua rets broad. Massive walls in pieces crumbled; Lofty parapets lay low; Haughty towers to earth were humbled To the first successful foe. To the skies its summit rearing, Now no more does castle stand; For that castle Time unsparing Slowly slew with silent hand. Next in pride it stood so fair, O'er its grave the night-wind mones, And the pitying ivy there Tries to cover o'er the stones. Qe CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word) 4.-Adown the stream I drift and dream, And all my workday troubles seem To slip away Like leaves that play Upon the sun-kissed waves to.day, I hear a bird Whose heart is stirred With frst too sweet for any word, As by his nest He chirps of rest, While drops the sun adown the west, The low, soft breeze Among the trees Is like a sound of far-off seas Heard in a sleep Whose rest is deep With dreams whose memories we keep, . My little boat Seems scarce to float From shores near by to shores remote; Becalmed I lie Beneath a sky As tender as a mother's eye. Was that the breeze Among the trees ? Or did some siren of the seas Sing, somewhere near, In waters clear, A next, whose spell I feel and hear ? My senses swim, The world grows dim- I drift towards the earth's far rim; And, in a dream Of rest, I seem A leaf afloat upon the stream. J. A. BALL, BurtonD 5.-A rivulet ripples beneath me, With foam and with flowers ontlinred The grasses I lie on enwreath me, And wave to and last in the wind. An oak tree above me is leaning Its arm, clad in mantle of green ; And through its thick boughs intervening, The sky's arch of azure is seen. The sun's golden arrows are bringing his light on their wings to the earth: The birds all around me are singing The raptures of praise and of mirth. The bee, first the flow'rets near blooming, Each honey-filled 'chlice now sips, While they all the air ore perfurning With breath from their meny.haed lipds F. SarITr1, DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter oea word. leaving another COT 6.-My first is a name for a chaffinch, , To guess which now please at on5C aJ Behead me, and then there remains A colour, which you'll soon espy; My last is what you often use Whenever you sit down to write, And now I've no doubt if you try Upon the aaswer you'Jl slg 1 L - ,, , ' Y . SToos," ..
NARRATIVE DUAGRA, the rt to letters of word t form another word, ex pressed in the narrative.l sing of Spain's daughters so lovely and rare, Sfatures and forms, and what not; efairest among them is not half so fair e maiden who dwells in yon cot. tuber how gladly my heart seemed to dance to mine her.sweetlips she first prest, el even then that her love-waking glance a rapture had flooded my breast. eyes, from whose depths beams the pure light of violets, so tenderly blue; lovely, and chaste as the angels above; modest, and gentle, and true. such a sweet face-'tis the fairest of all fair faces that Nature e'er gave ; hair in rich tresses doth gracefully fall her head in full many a wave. r form, oh, 'tis matchless, so perfect in mould, quisitely shaped in each part; long for the time when my eyes shall behold fair maid as the queen of my heart. S. Woon. DUAGRA-M. l the first two letters of a word to form another word.) -'T has never been from childhood's hour I've seen my fondest hopes decay; I never loved a tree or flower, And can't begin to love to-day. I never nursed a dear gazelle- I never saw its soft black eye; And what its first I cannot tell, What's more-I don't intend to try. Now, too, I hear the baby whine- That baby dressed in white and blue; How glad I am it is not mine I If 'twere, I don't know what I'd do. At five that child again we meet, For tea and neat-that dreadful tea ! Oh, never come again; though sweet, fGood heavens I it might be death to me I Farewell, thou evening reverie I Henceforth to thee I'll be a stranger. And, boy, if you belonged to me, For plates, or china cups for ten, To some old Jew I'd change yer I Enatn K. IENDLa. MONOPHONE. aords of different meaning, but the same in sound.) ithin their case in gilded ranks they stand, goodly show of volumes at command, n first, in green, in blue, and sober black, ach side by side as close as they will pack; mine of brain wealth snugly hid inside, ell may the owner view them o'er with pride. hen toil is o'er, and ended is the day, Pith quickened step he homeward takes his way, hich safely reached, with book upon his knee, ad by his side a bowl of fragrant tea, is chair before a ruddy, glowing fire, e asks no more-he has his heart's desire. abhed in the lamplight's soft and mellow-ray, e then forgets the troubles of the day; is petty trials vanish from his brain hen he is with his heroes once again, bout whose deeds he oft has last before, et never tires of hearing them once more, host of forms are floating rotund his chair- host of pleasant spirits, light as air: are truth, rich poetry, and gay romance rom out the pages each in turn advance, ntil the clock warns how the time has flown; e shuts the book, and once more is-alone. E. BLAnm, Liverpool. CHARADES. formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 0.-Much over what we thought 'twould be, You will all in primal see Without exertion; And in my next we all shall scan " Suspeoned:" do you think I can Create diversion ? MIy whole in metaphor we use; In speeches we it oft peruse. 'Tis an assertion. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. .-A horseman, on a Scottish road, Was riding through a third; The gallant steed required no goad, Although the rider spurred. Both man and beast were splashed with mud, The steed in sweat was bathed; The rider's spurs were red with blood, Nor he himself unscathed. The day, that opened fair and gay, Prinnce Charlie's cause had wrecked; The gallant first had lost the day- His hopes for ever checked. And thus the horseman strained to reach The distant seaport, where A boat was waiting on the beach For sunny France to steer. But once the rider reined his steed- At cotte:'s staunch and leal, To give the horse a well.earned feed And snatch a hasty meal- A soldier's meal, on platters bright, Of second rudely made; But hunger lends an appetite To meals, however laid. And soon again the horseman stands, Prepared to mount his steed; But first he tests the straps and bands, From bit to whole gives heed. A parting grip of honest hand, A cheery sl!ut, "' God speed!" And forward uuods the charger grand, As man and horse recede. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. t letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 121--Could I but write a riddle HLike Gow or Archer B., Had I their wit and genius, How happy would I be Then I'd struggle onward Till I'd gain e'erlasting fame, And become a poet laureate (F) And bring honour to my name. But though I'm not so fortunate, * Nor ever can possess Such tlent and such genis Nill I persevere the less? No, £ymotto "Don't despair" is, And I'll not give up, indeed, ercome all obstacles And honouirably succeed. W. F. NoLAN, Olonmel. ENIGMA. 13,Fifty forms myfirt But nothing is my s eond; Five just makes my third ; NIyfourths a vowel reckoned. Now, to fill my sehsle, P ut all my parts together; Id- e.I get cold, Yet nevermind cb~ld weather. C. HUsoEra,
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose tse letters in a wort to form another word.) 14.-He was tall, melancholy, and thin, And gave one the idea that if The tiniest breeze he got in, Ant 'Twould carry him off with a whiff And he wore a monotonous grin, And his name was Sempronius Spiff. V First, upon his cadaverous face, ST In spite of its permanent glow, Was the most numistakable trace mac Of a most unmistakable woe. for And at dinner he'd snuffle out grace In tones that were dismal and slow. it ' 'Twas a difficult matter to say it Why he looked so excessively blue; wh His business flourished each day, And brought in a dollar or two; titl For he was a doctor, and they Have mostly got something to do. He instantly banished the charm That gladdens the hearth of a home And causes affection to warm, Whenever he entered the room. M0 Why, taking off any one's arm Could not check his perpetual gloom. We have heard him reproachfully say That life is too frivolous, far; o He " wondered that men could be gay In such a sad world as they are." in For he thought that life's troubles each day his Should prove to contentment a bar. ~He was fond of reminding his friends That the goal of each one was the tomb, he And that most of the shafts that Death sends BA Cut down, in the midst of their bloom, The happy and careless, which tends hil To heighten the general gloom. He was dull, which was nobody's fault But his next, the lugubrious elf! He could brook not misfortune's assault, And so made away with himself. an He's interred in the family vault, And in consequence " laid on the shelf." D. Gow AND J. P. HnARRINGTON. W 15.-A more particular young man lie N e'er lived since e'er this world began, N' N or ever was a greater swell I n Islington or Camberwell. Is E ach morn he first at half-past nine, R efreshed himself with gen'rous wine, O utstretched his legs, smoked a cheroot, Y awned, rubbed his eyes, then donned his suit. S ilk hat on head, eye-glass in eye, T ight trousers, spick and span new tie, O nward he limps, and all men know N icolo Paulo Romeo. B y pale moonlight he wanders still, I n search of sweet Francesca Gyll, n R eputed wealthy, pretty, too, to Much sought, of course, by lovers true. th I mploring all propitious Fates, or N icolo 'neath her window waits; LI G uitar in hand, he sweetly plays- H ears some one quick the window raise, st A nd, half a moment later, lies M ashed, last, half-drowned, sad, but not wise. IJILO. 16.-A first of white the maiden wore- tI The little birthday queen; t So fair a child you ne'er before cc Could easily have seen. Pi Her little playmates came in sight al With gifts so fine and gay; P Two last with pride a garland bright, And crowned her Queen of May. d Long live our Maybloom, dearest child I l For she is sweet and good, S And lovely as a floweret wild k That blossoms in the wood. b LOTTIE W, r 17.-To first I've been and back again, a And last from home I'll not depart; t But with my dear ones I'll remain, a And clasp my darlings to my heart. P T. StORt, E DOUBLE ACROSTIC. t (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word. or words.) Foundation Words. 18.-Now, riddlers, put on your considering caps, And con this poor riddle well over; l Two jewels in primals and finals perhaps You'll be clever enough to discover. Oross Words. a Some men whose lives in constant strife are passed b On feather beds first their careers at last. a A prophet (?), now deceased, who was the cause Of several very tiresome little wars. A female name-a pretty one, I trow-- Rather uncommon. Come, the answer now. An alcoholic liquor now select; You'll find it if a moment you reflect. A river which through sunny Italy Flows in its onward course towards the sea. An acid fruit in sixth you'll see, I think; From it is made a very pleasant drink. In fear and last. dear Ed., I now must wait Until I know this humble riddle's fate. A. AnuBERLEY, Manchester. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of aword to form another.) 19.-A sweet maiden I knew in childhood, Who cast her affections on me, And when in the valley or wildwood Her voice was a marvel of glee. I was kind to hbr as a brother, I obeyed her bidding and will; But I was in love with another, And I am in love with her still. This maidenhad all of the pleasures Last make her life one of content, While Jessie was one of the treasures That to us so rarely are sent. To choose 'twixt the first was a duty That I was obliged to fulfil, And so I discarded the beauty For the other, whom I love still. D. SELBORNE, Warrington. --4-----