RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PRECE-ONEGRAM.
(gethe last letter butaouo (f a word. to form another word.) : I watched it glimmer brightly in the distance, ttracted by its all"enticig glare, revalled in its glorious existence, e"d apinted visions radiant and rare; For hope had filled my heart with strong ambition- Ioverlooked the labour it would claim; To struggle to Parnassus was my mission, And bask for ever in the rays of fame. gnceasinglY I toiled till, joyful pleasure, I fancied fortune on me seemed to gloam; ,stretching forth my hand to grasp the treasure, I found it was a dream. Itrned away, disheartened in my sorrow, ben r ltus whispered, " Bid dull care begone. Thiink not of yesterday, but of to-morrow; This busy world coutains more'goals than one." And, listening to the words, my heart grew lighter, For they had changed the bitter into sweet; The darkened future 'neath the charm grew brighter- The happi'ess in store would be complete. With strength renewed, ignoring da.ys of olden, I fought and felt the warmth of wealth's bright beam ; Bnt stooping to accept the crown of gulden, I found it was a dream. Oh, doubly dreary seemed the path before me; I cried to Fate, " Will last be ever so F" When, 10o I beard a whirring sound float o'er me, And looking, saw young Cupid with his bow. Itried to pass unseen, but fruitless found it- li shot an arrow deep into my heart; :tbroke the ice which long had grown around it, And let the worldly vanities depart. No more my fancy proved st wayward rover- To first for others since has been my themej The dark and selfish days are past and over, For Love has reigned supreme. MAIuoH L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 2,-" That love is blind's a fallacy, I vow," Said Miss Prue Jenkins; " I will tell you how 'TLs pro ed to me. And that he's bold, I say It's no such thing. He might be once; to-day He's bat a timid, bashful little boy, With finger in his mouth, and glancing coy 'Neath those silk fringes, and those shell-like lids. And there he stands, in attitude that bids You fall and worship his fair, graceful self; And then he smiles-the artful little elf- In such a way you don't know if 'tis meant To half-encourage you, or if his bent Is but to make a laughing-stock of you, Confusing so, you scarce know whit to do. I caile him all the nicest, sweetest names; I said, 'One kiss that his red first lips frames sl better far than all Fame's envied bays, Or Inty's golden tears.' I said that ' days Of sorrow next were nought, if but one word Feb from his heart on mine.' But how absurd It was of me I He knew notr, what I said- iHe only softly laughed and shook his head. He took no notice when I bade him 'come.' But stayed there luooing at use bashfully, And so I told myself, ' Ah, now I see- Love is not blind, but he is deaf and dumb ' " EDITH K. RONDLE. CURTAILMIENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 3.-livening sweet, evening sweet, Sink adown the west, For my love and I must meet- Mutual heart and heart will greet ; Ruddy glow, Softly, slow, Sink below the west. Bearts will tell, hearts will tell, Long ere eyes have seen, Who is coming down the dell, And the shadows softly swell. Hearts mute meeting, Lovers' greeting, That the trees have seen. Let next eyes, earthly eyes, Ever see us meet, To disturb our Paradise, First to bear her low replies. Stars above See our love- See us fondly meet. G. MANYWEATHERS. LOGOGRIPHS. ii wordwhlfh may be treated as a metagram, decnapitation, dle- tionand transposition, bat leaves a perfect word after each ,-Iprimal I can write a riddle that is quite As good as any found upon this page; But when I start, I find my muse is disinclined- In fact to find a subject I'm an age. Ivereally struggled hard to plot a good charade The result is I am weary and perplexed; Bnt still I won't be beat, nor suffer keen defeat- I'll try my hand this time upon a next. 'Tis a relic, is my third, of a custom most absurd, And worshipped by the heathenized Chinee; NO,, if you cannot guess this riddle, you may bless, Bat worship not, the name of THOMAS C. -Reverse my first, a figure very small it may present, Oryet be high and wide and deep, as is the firmament. Second too reverse, then putting on the letter a, tVedi nae a stream which sometimes bears the prancing Bteed and sleigh. ia honoer comes to be my whole whenever duty calls, " lls i peaceful intercourse, or where the warrior iate er path pursue in this exacting life you may, rik from my whole to be as night before the dlay. R. C. LOVELEss, Birmingham. 86Now, riddlers, gather round me, and attend; Thin of what many do whio've lost a friend; Behead it and curtail, which when you do " A small possessive adjective you'll view. D. H. CARTER. ord ACEOSTIC. ,or W ords, formed of tihe initial letters of other words.) So undation lWord' .-About this we will not disagree--. You've oft Uipon this page seen me. Cross Words. First you very often do; Next's a prominent feature; Third's a country known to you; Fourth's a pretty creature r Fifeh is what all boys will be, And final's:famed in history. A. DwES. *' ·ENIGMIA. a, seer, and I give good advice yo all who my counsels will heed; o will see me with p1arsley and rice In Yonr-bro iwhen you're anxious to feed. awash but seldom I get, Yet oft'I:am huang up to dry;. and you'lls hb9re yt"lonu s o e tro, o. ~:...... ..:G:: A , Joaxzs, ilvozool
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another wordJ.. 9.-All night, in the gloomy'cavern, HIe lay in misery The hope of friendly first had fled- No more would he be free To roam the pleasant., woodland ways, Or climb the lovely hills- Next far from huie and every friend Tne prey of grief that kills. If only he could last good-b)'a To those h.; loved so well! But n.,t of black despair alone Mlast I in riddle tell; For morning dawned, so rosy fair, And with it brought releise. Oh, happy was the day for him When bitter woe did ceaie I LOTTIE W., Brighton. 10.-Overhead the birds are singing In the trees; Flowers their fragrant perfume bringing. On the breeze. Faintly to mine ears come stealing Sounds of bells-a joyous pealing, To my mind first thought revealing- What ? Why, that I too long have tarried For her hand, And that next to,,-day is married To a " grand." May this be to all a warning, Yet-the truth is surely dawning- We were wed bat yester nmorning I'd forgot. EXCELSIOR. 11.-Dark is the night, no star illumes the sky, As onward in its course our bark we keep I No frendly hand, no kindly voice is nigh To cheer us onward o'er the restless deep. On stormy first our bark now madly rides, Then falls again into that dark abyss; While swiftly hurried on by angry winds, The spray sweeps past with many a blinding hiss. Bravely she labours on, through storm and rain, Wiih creaking sides, with sails all torn and rent, While toil and labour both alike seem vain, As o'er the side the mainmast now is sent. Bu: far across the Eastern's dim horizon The first grey streaks of early rising morn Are seen and welcomed by those anxious watchers, And hope again shines in their hearts forlorn. Kind friends at home, who quail with fear and sorrow When howling winds forteil the coming storm, Who anxiously await the dread t.)-muorrow, When unto you the longed-for news is borne; When in the night you lie in deep devotion, Your hblad on downy next to seek repose, Pray often for the sailors on the ocean, When battling with the waves, their fiercest foes. J. G. NiCHIOLLS, Milton. 12.-My first, when wielded by a practised hand, Will terror strike into a schoolboy's heart; It is his next, and oft will make him weep, When well applied unto a tender part. A. AnBERLEY. AR ITIMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in ilu,'oea.) Foundation IVord. 13.-Component parts, if placed aright, And read with wisdom, too, A noble and a gracious queen Appears in name to you. The lands o'er which her sceptre sways All share her sympathy; Yet though her laws are bands of steel, Her subjects are the free. Cross Words. 57 and no -An instrument of music here. 502 ,, nog A deep, daik, bluish hue., 200 ,, oone Behold I an army rank draws near. 1,05u ,, breot " To shake with fear" next view. 510 ,, roof Place fifth a university. 4 ,, errs Through vales and plains these wind. 551 ,, earn Seventh a verdant isle will be. 1,101 ,, area A region vast now find. AGONISTES. Foundation Word. 14.-Whole warbles in the first, While next, from out the corn, Rises, with gleeful burst Of song, to greet the morn. Cross Words. 551 and w Untamed or fieroe. 56 ,, oe A fruit. 506 ,, o A Latin book did write. 600 ,, ku A bird. 506 ,, re A coin. 5 ,, an A root. 56 ,, rseee Orgies. 51 ,, ekpe A water sprite. D. Gow. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another wordl4n the narrative.l 15.-Now, MIr. David Gow, in number 761, I trow, You dared the bards to puun upon your name, sir; And if they had not succeeded in that very trying task I should not have thought that they were much to blame, sir, For the name it was so difficult to "operate" upqn, That I firstly thought yogi would escape without one; But at last I managed it, and I think that you'll admit I've succeeded in my efforts to D. Gow-t (dig out) one. T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word,) 16.-Behead a stream, and bring to view A little bird well-known to you. Behead a tint, and see instead A fluid, purple, black,'or red. iBehead a sound, and, lo I you'll see A unit in its place will be. Behead a metal, and you'll see What every man who lives must he. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London. 17.--MIy first distorts the human face When angry passions ri'e; Beliead, and you will quickly trace Head.gear'of strange device; 'Twas worn by monks in plden times And by some orders yeS; But for the sake of being in rhyme I must their names forget. G. ScAt.s, Limerick. .?- r~nim~~~ 'P(~mrr n,,
Came-to the tournament; He wished to first, next he could fight, But all his strength he spent, Add he had to leave the lists so gay, Vanquished and beaten by all that day. F. C. BOEmmER, Shorncliffe. 19.-First means to shed or waste- To flhd it,please, make haste; Nexts oft are taken when SYou'reielast' Down goes my pen.. -IMPIrMATUB. 20.-A European.country My primal will reveal; My secoiid, fellow riddlers all I hope you never fetl. P: TAiw& Birkoshgea,
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 21.--" We're doomed to suffer many trials and troubles In our passage through this mournful vale of tears; Our pleasures oft are nought but empty bub.les, And no ' good thing is so good as it appears." Thus moralisedi my friend, the old professor, As he slowly sipped his fourteenth cup of tea, And then with a prdliuiinary ' Yts, sir," These sad first he unfolded unto me. "No doubt," remarked the learned man, reflectively, " You've noticed that when all day I haves been Engaged in workin out some thought effectively, My wearied brain requires repose serene ; But what process of reasoning, sir-what'll Convince me that when thus I seek repose It's necessary that a big blue-bottle Should also take his rest-upon my nose ? "You may have found the truth of this from practice: That very scant philosophy one gains In finding it an undisputed fact is When one second his umbrella, it ne'er rains I And by a mosteconflicting contradiction, When he wears a bright silk hat, entirely new, And goes without his ' g:amp,' 'tie his affliction To have that hat spoilt, and to get wet through. " Pe chance its been your lot to purchase something- ' A perfect bargain '-say for half a crown, And theun to find-a sad thing and a rum thing- They sell them one-and.uinupeuce lower down. And, oh! it third my mind, and makes me utter A naughty word, though smiles my face must wreathe, That when I drop a slice of bread aud bautter, The buttered side falls always underneath. " How many gifted men, including me, sir, Are born to ' blush and waste' away unknown; And when they're dead, the world-as over Cmsar- Begins to say how great they were, and groan. Ah, can you wonder, then, that I despair- Of an unlucky fate the doomed possessor, And "- At this moment " Crash !" collapsed his chair, And over went the poor, ill-starred professor. F. RI. CoULson, Bow. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 22.-The first was long, cold was the night, A horseman urged his weary steed; Methliks he was a gallant knight, Formed for many a noble deed. In burnished steel from head to t~o, The man and horse were armdd well; Proudly he next. Full many a foe Beneath his two-edged broadsword fell. And now he reached a foaming stream, Nor man, nor boat appeared in view; He stayed not to be third, I wee,; In dashes horse and rider too. Now they have reached the other shore, And onward take their darksome way; Full many it mile they're ridden o'er, Their path still clothed in mystery. P. S., Belfast. CHARADES. (Formed on a word oasih syllubil of which is a word.) 23.-A garden fair as ere the eye did see, Graced with each kind of plant, and flower, and tree, Whose sweetest fragrance tilled the air around, Like incense rising from the burdened ground, Where all was peace, and happiness, and joy, Till, like a deadly plague-spot, there came 1. And, like a storm that changes day to night, This glorious beauty pass d away from sight; And, where naught else but joyance was before, Naught now is heard but deadly lion's roar, Or else the agonizing moan of kine, Or ugly jackall's fierce and snarling whine. This, this my mission was-this, this I've done, And will continue while the ages run. My next adverse to you will always be, As those that guess aright will surely see; A term applied by nurse-, and by otuers, To their young charges-sometimes, too, by mothers. In fruit it's very often to be seen, And many books deserve its name, I ween. There's one I know, though I don't wish to praise, That never yet incurred this tainting phrase; But now my riddle's made so piain, I fear That far from hard to guess it will appear. And those that guess will say-and they're not few- SL'is very much my last, which may be true. My first and last unite, when you will see A hero brave as e'er you'd wish to be- One who shone forth in ancient eastern story, Renowned for deeds of arms in fame and glory. And yet none so unfortunate as he, For all his efforts failed disastrously. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. 24.-Oh, dear, oh, dear, this horrid whole Does torture me so much; The pains they shoot along my frst Till I can almost clutch My hair, and tear it from my head. My temper's in a list : And when my face reflected I See, I am quite aghast. And friends, 'tis very sad to say I need no magic mirror; To have may face reflected more Would be a perfect terror. T. Nrxor, Dudley Colliery. BURIED CITIES. 25.-Here is a box for Daniel. I made Alice kiss me. Is that Lucy or Kate coming ? We should like to ride to the cathedral on donkeys. That manis of Rime. I shall visit aunt on Monday. Do you think pineapple ices terribly dear? Was the cow hit by James? The wig and mask are on the mantelpiece. Isabel, fasten the window, please.-A QUILLE PEN.