RIDDLES.
HAT is it that men like most and S women dislike most ?-A pretty woliian. Why is troy weight like an un- conscientious person ? - Because it has no scruples. When does a ship display a propensity for climbing ?-When she runs up her flag. If a burglar carries off your plate, why is it right ?-Because it is not'left. Why has a barber a more extensive business than any other man ?-Because it extends from pole to pole.. Why is "t" like an amlhibious animal ?- Because it is found both in earth and water. What weed does a gardener seldom object to?-A cigar in his owni mouth. Why is'a voman who has'four sons, all sailors, like a year?-Because she has four sea- sons. o, by should physicians have agreater horror of the sea than anybody else ?-Because they are more liable to see sickness. What is the latest thing in boots?- Stockings. What bridge is warranted to support any "strain?"-The bridge of a fiddle. What ought a musician to study when writing a sea-song ?-Thl'l mariner's compass. When does a man perform a gramnmatical miracle ?-When he makes a-vowal (el) of his love. Of what sort of fruit does a quarrelsome man and wife remind you ?-A prickly pair. Why is a comet more like a dog than the dog- star ?-Because it has a tail, and the dog-star hasn't. Why is love like a canal boat ?-Because it's an internal transport. When is a black dog not a black dog ?-When he's a grey-hound. Why is a man happier with two wives than with one?7-He may be happy with one, but with the two he is pretty sure to be trans- ported. What baron, or squire, or knight of the shire would a poor man like to see at his fireside 7- Baron of beef. What is a cotnmmnlable song for young men ?--" Good Conml nyt." What town in the Island of Ceylon are little children fond of ?-Candy. If you went into a crowded assemnly and wanted to sit clown. what town in Ireland would you name ?--Macroom (make room). Why is the letter " R" like the face of Hamlet's father ?-Because it's " more in sorrow than in am.ger." When is lying excusable ?-When it's on abed. Why is a man starting on a voyage like another man going to see a p:ntonimue ?- Because lie is going to sea (gee). When is a din,,er-table like the 'I'Thal es at Richmond ?-When there are ducks on it. What is the only d;tuft i nce between a pig making a glutton of itself and a man making a pig of hinself ?-The pig at some future day will be cured. If a man lost a kitchen range and a boy found a nutmeg grater. which case would deserve the most pity ?-That of the boy, for though the man has had a grate (great) loss, the boy undoubtedly had a grater (greater). Why is a kiss, taken uina.wares, like a pur- lo0ied vessel ?-Because it's a stolen smack. What certain young lady may a. gambler be allowed to quarrel over? -- li.s(s) pDeal. Why munst an old man-of-war's man who has lost a leg in the service of his country become a retailer, should he go into trade ?-Because he could not be an wlhole sailor. Where are the mountains no man or woman ever did, would, or could climb to the summit of?-Thne mountains in the moon. What persons take measures to enlarge their business 7-Tailors. Who are the men who get credit'for their good works ?-Watcltehakers. When is a man like a perfect chimney ?- When he doesn't smoke. What is the worst thing about riches ?-Not having any. Why is a sword like beer ?-Because it's no use till it's drawn. What is more foolish tihan sending coals to Newcastle 7- Sending ulilk to cows (Cowes). Why should bad-coloured peas be sent to tammersllnih?--t is the way to turn 'em green (Turnham Green).
What is that which'works when it plays, and plays when it works ?-A fountain. 'hat is the keynote' of good maniers ?-B nathral. What is the difference between I and you?- Eleven letters. Whait is the difference between the cook and her young man ?-One cooks the meat, and the other meets the cook. Was malt-liquor cheaper in former days than now ?-Yes; for ladies were constantly indulging in their farthing-ale (farthingale). \hat profession explresses both parent and child ?--(Parson Pa-sot). Why is going to the play like last week 7-It is past time (p.stime). What relation is a loaf of breid to a steam- engine?--Bread is a necessily. A steam- engine is an invention. Necessity is the mother of invention. Therefore a loaf of bread is mother to a steam-engine. Why is there nothing like leather i-Because it is the sole support of man. What is the longest word in the English language ?-Smiles, because between the begi ning and the end of it there is just a mile. Wl Ich is the largest ro."ni it the world !- The " room for improvemient." What character in Shakespeare do you find in some rooms ?-Cobweb. Why does Sir Michael Costa resemble a telephone ?-Because ie makes a capital con- ductor. Why must Cabal be a watering place ?-Be- cause there's a C (sea) it it. Wihy is the Duke of Clambridge like the letter A ?-Because ne heads the Aremy. Why is the moon a very wicked Ilanet ?- Because she is continually borrowing fromn the suit, and never thinks of paying back, buc makes light of it. \What two portions of an elephant would re- mind you of a State in Italy ?-Tusk and eye (Tuscany). What word in the English language comn mainds a particular act at a given time ?-At- ten-dance. W1hen does a man contrive to move in a very small space? When he comes dovu stairs in his slippers. When are flannel' and mahogany like each other ?--When they are made into drawers. Why is chloroform like Mendelssohn ?-Be- cause it is one of the greatest composers of tmote ti u timnes. Why ought a pig to be a cleanly animal ?- Because it has a wash every dauy. What is the best way of making a coat last ? -Make the trousers and waistcoat first. Why should a gouty man make his will 7- That lie may have his leg-at-ees. how many mioutlhfuls will a lien take to finish a bushel of corn ?--Four. Four pecks make one bushel. When are you likea spider ?-When you are walking into a fly. Why is it advisable not to have ladies as anttagonists at cards ?-Because they have such winniug ways. \\'he atre eyes not eyes ?-Whele the wind uitakes them water. Why should the space inumnediately above the atmosplhere that surrouttls the earth he the mierriest place ?-Because \we are told that there all bodies lope their gravity. Why is the word " Yes" like a mountain ?- Because it is an ascent. S\\hene is a nlatLI nearest re!ated to a fish ?- Whetn hie has got a good old soul for a mother andtl a crab of a father. How is it that the suniuner always goes so quickly ?-Because there is so often an evening mist. \VWhy can't men born blind be carpenters ?- Because they never saw. Why are coals the most contradictory articles known to colnnterce ?--Because, when purclhased, instead of going to the buyer they go to the cellar. What is the difference between a French pastrycook and a bill-sticker ?-One puffs up paste atnd the other 'pastes up p1uffis. lihein is an egg not oval ?-W-\hle it's turned rounld. What are the best letters of recommendation ? L. S. D. \VWha1 chin is that which is never shaved 7- An urchin ? SWhlat comes once in a minule, twice in a Slmot eat, and but otnce ill a man's life ?-The SletteL r i. ' Where amight you expect to find a cow's pedigree? luin a cattle-log (catalogue).