RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. (Tranusmtse the lcters in a word to form another word.)
1.-Sang a laughing little, merry little bell, "Ding. doug !" With the mellow warmth of happy Philomel In song! Such an airy first and gay, Such a flood of girlish play, Such a pretty, winsome way, Ting, tong But the bashful. clever boll was blushing red, Ting, ting! Half in shame it hung its brilliant little head, Ting, ting! Seemed covered with dismay At its unobtrusive stay, Half-inclined to flit away, Ting, tiugl The bell was not of metal etout and strong, Ding, doug! But a modest hedgerow.poppy's gentle gung, Ding, dong! A quiveringr, loving lip, Inviting all to sip With the tenth of half a tip, Ding, dong ! Sing on, my winsome poppy, oft and long, Ting, ting Sing your piquant little, pleasing little song, " Tine, ting !" There is golden corn around, By a bud 'tis often crowned; But a placH for you is found, Sing, sing ! Let us often hear your lasts vivific ring! W. A. CoorEn. DECAPITATIONS. Drop the first letter of a wsrd, leaving another word.) 2.--Damne Brown was first, so s',e declares, When she beheld the ghost; It took her so mneuh " unwaares," But yet shie loves to boast Cf havinmr seen the grnesome sight, Though really I be:ieve 'Twas her imagination quite. Yet this would surely grieve The worthy dame if she could hear. I know she looked aghast, And shook and shivered so with fear, They made her take some last. LorTr W. 3.-First, with features firm and clear, Stood the captain wi, h his crew, No one dreaming aught of fear, Though the storm still wilder blew. Next anon are gathered round Wives to mortal fear allied, Shudd'ring at the snow-white mound Lashing fiercely at their side. Last the sun drops from the sky, Down the vessel sinks like lead; O'er the spot the sea.hlrds fly, Chanting dirties to the dead. F. \WFLB. 4. I s h to think how much in vain Ilave my past years b. en spentt ; To think what precious hours, alas! To fully have been lent. Lent? No ! I never can again Recall those wasted hours; Can he who soweth worthless weeds Pretend to hope for flow'rs? Still next through arduous labour may First weeds exterlinate, And cleanse the tilxious soil, where yet May flowers luxuriate. Though squandered be my youthful days, The future doth remain, Wherein to win green laurels and Ambition's goal attain. D'A. It. TATE, Bel2::st. CIHIAADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 5.-Should any first fear to proceed When ladies lead the wasy Bright eyes will watch our bold attempts, And cheer us 'mid the fray. But, ah ! Miss Taylor, much I fear That you have wrought my fall; 13n, if 1 fail, pray note the fact, I've answered to your call. I know that you are clever, miss, And next I trust as well; Prove it, and do not criticise, But breathe a soft farewell. Now I must go, but ere I leave, I'll give a hearty cheer, And wish to you and all my t·hole A very happy year! UNcas. 6.-Imprisoned in a castle drear, A lovely m.Lideu sat, Ifeart--ick with love and pale with fear, In dungeon-haunt of rst. Sir Demon Dastard was her bane, By hinm she'd captured been; And now with grief she's nigh insane- The saddest sight o'er seen. Her lover's name is Dauntless Jack, He cries, " For what care I? MIy love the craven shall Live back, ',rst second third I'll die." The fight is o'er, Sir Demon deal; Love's c.irse runs smooth at. list. N Now we are total,'' Irave J eck Said; " lcuce, ti oubles all are past." P. C. A. 7.-Always avoid the utterance of my first, A lhttle word ofttitnes much michief brewij :; But, if its pretix be my nc.rt, the worst Of wrong its ut terance might be doing; The two in pr-,per role tltse ose t, name Of German origin and world-wide fame. 1I. C. LovELESS, Birmingli,:;. CUItTAILM\ENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leas ing anotlher wldt)i. 8.-Bob Jones was a witty young fellow who once RIesided light opposite me ; If he could by a chance prove a fellow a dunce, It was Iten he would laugh in his glee. He was awfully clever at catches a;nd pnus, Which he told to each woman and man, HIe had last to rights, I remember, at Duun's, And this is the way he began : " 1 say, Brown, old fellow, you're rather well-made; You have a fine nquiline Iuose; You'd be a good catch for a wealthy old jade, For look at the fit of your clothes. For, Brown, it was said in the t wn. t'otbher day, Iy a milkman who goes on his rounds, That a friend of his said he would willingly pay- Just fancy-to see yon, ten pounds." I thoucht nothing of it that day, but at night 1 thonght bhat it must be a ;oke. In the morning first Jones, huit he said it was right, Then I mustered up courage and spoke. " Who'd civw me ten sovereigns to see Inmy old face ? Ntw, tell me, Jones--don't be unkind." Bob arinned, theu he made a pecublar crimace, " Why, the fellow who said so is tlind."
J. G. nOOuMIFELD. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 0.-I first to ramble through the dell WVh.ere tongsters swee'ly s.ng, And smell the sweet, refreshig breeze Where flowers their fragrance fling. To second in the collntry fair, It is my helart's delight, For pleasure ever seems in store Where all is gay and brizht. M., L. RAW, Bradford.
MO NO PHONES. (Words of different meaning but the same in bcUad,) 10.-Merrily sing on this beautiful morn, Tra-la-la.lab, tra-la.la.lab I Carefully trip through the pale golden corn, Tra.l t-la.lnh, tra.la-ta.ahb Put aside care, and with trouble away, Cotme with me, darling, comle join in thi. lay.; We'll joyfully skip, and we'll .ing while we it Tra-la-lan.lla-lala-la.la-lah i-a Care we for naught of the things dark and drear, Trala-la.labh, tra-lla-I-lalb .! l Look we the bright side and nothing we fear, Tra.la.laL. h, tra. a-la-lah ! See the sweet tints from the church wiulo.,, Sent by the sian's first, more beauty to gain, Our future we'll paint in such hues yet a'ain - Tra-la-l.laa-la-la-la.la.lah- i! List to the music of that runnuig strer m, Tra-la-la.l h, tra.la. a-lab I Like voices of fairies to me does it seen, Tra-In-la-lab, tra-la la-lah ! The birds gaily singing their Maker to praise, All join in the chorus, in not's that amazeL.; Then next we our voices in triumphant lays, Tra-la.-la-la-laa.la.la-la-lalh ! Oh, may our merriment cheer some lone heari, Tra-la-la.lab, tra-la-l,-lah ! That for love longs as f,,r watear the hart, Tra-la-la.lah, t ra-la-la-lah I Many are sad on this morning so bright ; Their burden so weighty we'll strive to ma:ke hvl. Our sunshine we'll ca ry, to day turn their uig, Tra.la-la.la-la-l-la-.lla.-lah I EnDIT K. Rh.ePLL 11.-A Turkish prince-a first- Loved well to dine expeusively; But while he'd dine His servants-nine- Vould tretmble alprelhiusively, And weep and sigh ext.enively, For, oh ! the prince-the siret- Of tempers had the worst ! One day le sat him down, And smiled wit h sweet benignity; The nine with glee Smiled too, as lie Prepared to eat with dignity, But scowled lie with malignity ' hlien he had sat him down- Aud, why, oh I why that frown? The nine recoiled in fear; The prince-the first-was furious; He begged they'd say If ever they Had heard him called peunrious d No? Was it not then curious They'd not-who shook with tear-- Brought in the ginger.beer ? A simultaneous yell The nine emitted; fell Their countenances sensibly; They'd acted reprehe ,silly, And almost indefensi' ly. He, p'r'aps, was " riled," Perhaps he smiled, Perhaps he swiftly slew 'em all, Or in the second threw 'em all Maybe be used themn frigh fully,. Or jumped upon them spitefnl-y, Or pardoned them delightfully, Or kicked them out pell-mell; Perhaps they live-are well; I really cannot tell. G. Tnor, METAGRAMS. ichange the 3rst letter of a iu ord to form another word,. 1L.-J oyfully, faithfully, do I extend B rightest of wishes to each riddling friend; R eanding with first how they time untn t!ue O award and forward persistently c.ilb. W inning at last what they all wish to claim. N eed I be next in di-closing its name? E ndless, enjoyable, glorious fame. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 13.-A pretty house built of red first Stood in the lane I passed; I saw a famous conjurer Perform a clever last. IurniAnrTe, 14.-3fM a chre namesake, it really is amusing, A ud doubtless you have often thought the same; G ranted the likeness in our firsts's confusing, G reat blunders some have made, but they're to hlate, I wish you, dear Miss Denny, much next in the"T.;" E ach week I hope and trust your first therein to sec. E B re this, when you third here, mn'anie, and I I) "scried your cog. and thought it was mine own, E 'en now I can remember the long sigh, N ot of joy ! for I knew my cons. were thrown N ext place again-that " horrid " W.P.B. Y on are not yet acquainted with, M. E. I). IAUijuE I)., Grangemoats. LOGOG RIPH, IA word which may he tr--test as a met.airam. der iisl:mt 11.' lion, itti tratnsp S usLItii, but lea es ia pIerfect ii aI' atiCere operation.i 15.-Come, fill the files-they're very low, The Editor's dccltred them so. Come to the rescue, riddlers all! Here my poor con. comes at the call. Transpose a piece of beef--'ti, clear A poet's name will then appear; Transpose again--itnl lea.ise be ulick- You'll then perceive a stour. strung stitc. Behead the stick--' accept," I mean; TranRspose, a lady's name is seen : Shake up the latter well once more, Here's timber from a foreign shlu re. Curtail this last, a liqnor's told ; Transpose, a conodess fierce behold; Remove the final from her iame, A preposition 'twill procliiinm. My ililddle will no farther go, Therefore 'twill onuse and ,murtsey low " With nods, and becks, and wreathed .miles. " I'm come," it says, " to help the filer, ' ACROSTIC. A word, or words, formed of the initial lltters of other eori Fotundalion Word. 16.-'Tis seen in the street, on every door, Andl yet in your house it is. I am sure; 'Tis seen on this stage, in the church as we'l, And often is fouiindl in the cold prison cell; 'Tis out on thlle ocean, yet in iL r:llne And hanging nupon the wall just the same: All arti.ts use it, their livinm to get; 'Tis seen white as snow, or else blalk as jet; 'Tis put up0oi iron, wood, lead, or stoiei, Thmough it never sings, it yet ihas a " t,': Though not a ghost witi a spirit oft umalh, It very often is kn.wi as a " sh-de," And in every shape on ctuanvas is seen, And in ev'ry colour, brown, red, ,r green: "'Tis water andl oil, and-well, here s a clue- 'Tin every colour, pink, grey, or blue. Cross l'ord.t. Value this ; Name of miss; Deepest blue; Something inew; Byis'H name, Find the same. Acsns A c5o5TiO's