RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.. NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGBAM. (Ohange the first letter and last but one of a word to form anotnar word, expressed in the narrative.)
1.--What a rush, and what a bustle I What a scrimmage 1 what a tussle I People rushing here and there, They know not where. Now the porters they're surrounding: They their answers are confounding; Persons have such little reason At this season. Hark I the whistle shrill they're hearing, And the station fast is clearing; Passengers much haste are making, Seats are taking. Fast the horse of iron is steaming, While each traveller is dreaming Of the joys that are to come When at home. Happy friends they know are waiting, While the snow falls unabating, And the wind without is raging, War is waging. Soon their loved ones they'll be meeting, Who will give then loving greeting, AjBd altered looks, with kind intention, Quickly mention. Now the train runs in the station; It has reached its destination. 'Gain occurs that strange delusion, Dire confusion. The heedless throng is fast dispersing, Of the festive time conversing. Ring, bells, out a merry chime, 'Tie Christmas-time. ACHILLES II. META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one of a word, to form another word.) 2.-" Bob" Dibbs was a clerk in the City, At wages ten shillings a week; And last Friday ('twas really a pity) Was forced for a dinner to seek. While pondering o'er his sad fate, sirs, In his pocket he placed his right hand; And in it, oh, joy to relate, sirs, Was a coin of the colour of sand! With happiness, Dibbs, nearly crying, For th,' coffee-shop then made a dash; And, though for a joint he was sighing, First in for a sausage and " mash." Dissatisfied, he, never stopping, Next on till the s vereign was spent; In collars and ties he went shopping, To the play in the ev'ning then went. t * " " Next morning, in great perturbation, " Bob " Dibbs 'fore his master appeared, And to that great man's consternation, He looked as though trouble he feared. Cried Dibbs,*" Oh, forgive me!-do, pray, sir Oh, say you'll not give me the sack I For the money you gave me to pay, sir, For goods, I have spent on my back I" E. J. SCHOFIELD AND E. GEORGE, META.OMEGRAM. (Chance the first and last letters of a word to form anotiher word.) 3.-D1ark winter is full on us now, Old people are coughin' and wheezin' ; With colds on the chest, How sweetly thse!re blest I- Yet hurrah for this festival season I This weather delights all the boys, Certainly with a good reason; They revel in snow, Of that we all know, So hurrah for this festival season t Some persons proclaim it is cold (To think else would be palpable treason); They growl at the frost, And at what it must cost, Yet hurrah for this festival season I The doctors are lrst at their work, And professionally put their fees on; They know you last pay, So they sing " Too-roo.lay I Hurrah for this festival season l" The " cookeys" have plenty to do In putting " pork rhines" and "split peas" on To boil o'er the fire, Some soup to inspire, So hurrah for this festival season! You have had quite enough of this rhyme, E'en we must confess with good reason; But ere we depart We'll shout from the heart Hurrah for this festival season I W. L. MILLER AND E. W. GEORnE. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, oer pressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to the Author of " Yeomen of the Guard.") 4.-When poets write they sit and sigh, They ponder long, and doubt; Poetic thoughts will oft flit by, And to all questions they reply With a wild " Gorrout!" 'Tis but a little word-" Gerrout I" One which is often heard-" Gerroutl" Yet bleeding nose And many woes May hang upon a bard's " Gerroutl" When poets write they live in hope That favour they will find; The poem's sent, then comes a note Which causes them to sit and mope O'er a bold " Declined I" 'Tis but a word, I ween-" Declined I" One which is often seen-" Declined !" Yet when it's thus, A poet's "cuss" May hang upon an Ed.'s "Declined I" T. E BARLEr, Manchester. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Ioman numerals exereased in agures.) Foundation Word. 5.-Primals, read by you aright, Bring to view a riddling knight. Cross Words. 1,000 ,, ee A little word of letters four Which means sometimes an act; 'Tis spelt the same each way you read, That's if you guess exact. 500 and roo A definite quantity In uis you are sure to see. 10 ,, o An animal here S There doth appear. 6 ,, fe A number here you all will view, I'm sure it is well known by you. 100 ,, afe Part of the human frame This light will surely name. 101 ,, thp In this an eye You will dasary. Hscgon,
NARRATIVE DOURLE CHANGE. (COhange two letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narr tlvae.) 6.-Night murmurs are stilled, for the whole world is breathless, And Nature is hushed in the passing away Of the year that is dying, yet ever is deathless- The life passes on when the temples decay; Frost glitters around, every pathway is spangled With dazzling crown-gems for the night-queen to wear; The light of the moon in a silver net tangled Is spread for the shadows that lurk in their lair. Trees rustling seem part of the silence now reigning, With stillness harmonious vague sounds are abroad; Birds flute from the wood now in shadow remaining, High up in the church-tower the rooks blink and nod; Till a whirr breaks the quiet, and noisily flying A bat disappears in the light.broken gloom; A stretch of white light o'er the landscape is lying, Beneath it the spires of the far city loom. The dark cloud-battalions are noiselessly trooping, And trample the stars as they march on their way; The moon passes on where the foremost are grouping. And silver is shot in the midst of the grey; Above, a clear space; on each side are dark masses, The dim-growing light is cut off for a while, But the edge burns awai ; soon the black army passes- Away to the eastward the columns defile. Full calm is earth spread; when the silence is broken, The clang of the bells rushes forth in the night A jubilant panau of joy us a token That new life has come and the old taken flight; And canght in its rushing the sound is extended, In billowy chorus the tidings are spri ad; The clear, mellow strokes with the clanging notes blended Makes silence depart with the year that is dead. I gaze o'er the hills, now a new light is breaking, Clouds drift far on high and then go with the stars; The god of the day is his light-banners shaking- Has broken the chains of the night, and its bars. I wait for a sun-breaking, new life securing, To come with the year.that is fated to come When darkness comes not-strength of light is enduring, When truth shall be king, and its enemies dumb. IVANLOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrativel 7.-A cannibal maiden loved too well A missionary good; And he loved her, but dared not tell His love, for thus it stood : A cannibal she, and a clerryman he, And their creeds were wide apart, So how could he take, for a sentiment's sake, A cannibal to his heart ? Oh, 'twas a problem vexing, very, For the cannibal maid and the missionary- Indeed it was. But the cannibal maiden's love grew bold, For she was a simple thing; And thus her love to her love she told, "Oh, marry me! Be my king I For I love you, my sweet, well enough, oh, to eat l 'Tis a terrible thing, I know; But I must be your bride, or encompass you fried- Oh, I must, for I love you so 1" Oh, 'twas a problem vexing, very, To the maid, but more to the missionary, Indeed it was. He looked in the depths of her dark.brown eyes, With their wealth of love and trust, And be cried, in the flush of a glad surprise, "Ah, well, if I mnst, I must!" They were wed on that day, for 'tis ever the way, That passion must conquer creed, And a happier pair it's remarkably rare To discover -it is, indeed! And so 'twas settled nicely, very, For the cannibal maid and the missionary, Indeed it was. A. SEALYr. MOTRER. 8.--My child, I would not part with you; 'Twould break my heart, my pet, my Sue (She kissed it here, and murmured, too), My baby I You are your mamma's greatest joy, You look at me so sly, so coy; For you I'm going to buy a toy- My baby I FATHEIR. Oh! your affections make me swear ! Who tweaks my nose, and pulls my hair P Who puts sharp tin-tacks on my chair? That baby ! Whose cries and howls will never cease, And will not let me sleep in peace ? Who rubs my clothes with candle-grease ? That baby I Who paints the floor with " Brunswick Black," And who sticks pins into my back? I think I'll buy a cane to whack That baby I W. L. MILLE AND HOTOR. 9.-Hurrah for the "Tourney," each riddler's delight ! Hurrah for its tilters, each lady and knight I Hurrah for all readers on land and on sea, May they by dear Young Folks delighted still be I Hurrah for the queen of the "Tournament" band, Renowned for her gentle and loving command; May blessings attend her, endowed from above, And peace fill her bosom with gladness and love ! Hurrah for the printers of our paper I and Hurrah for the paper, the best in the land I With its stories and poems, its mirth-yielding jokes, The pink of perfection is treasured Young Foliks, So raise ye your voices its worth to uphold, And sing in its praise, riddling bards, young and old; Every reader will tell you, without the least doubt, That Young Polos is by far the best paper that's out! WILD BaRIa, Lamplugh. (Air, " The Minstrel Boy :" with apologies.) 10.-The riddling bard to the " T." has gone, In the riddling ranks you'll find him; His father's pen he holds ii his hand, And his coat is flung behind him. "Land of cons ," said the riddling bard, "Though all the world betrays thee, One p-n, at least, thy right shall guard, One clever con. shall praise thee!" The riddler fell; but his conq'ror's chain Couldl not bring th' aspiring soul under; The pen he loved ne'er wrote again, For he broke the nib asunder, And said, "No ink shall sully thee, Thou scribe of love and bravery; Thy cons. were made for the brave and free, They shall not be read in slavery." JUPITER. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 11.-How sweet is the first when you find That you're no longer poor I Ain't it funny To hear every clause of the will. And find that you're isat to the money P S. DE IlBA. CONUNDBUM. 12.--When is a ship like an immar~ied p~iaguess P-.Altoa.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the flrRt two letters of a w.,rd to form another word, er- pressed in the narratlveJ 13.--oung Patsy O'Bang, when a baby, was bright, His mother's own pet, and his father's delight; He never would wake up and howl in the night, But behaved himself as babies should ; Though he often stuck pins in his father's arm-chair, And played with the fire, and pulled his ma's hair, Though he never did right, they would loudly declare That they "raly" considered him good. As a youth we now see him, dressed up like a swell, He smokes like a furnace, and cheweth as well; Wherever be purchased his boots none can tell, For each one is as big as a barge; He'll strut through the city surveying his clothes, And ogle the ladies wherever he goes, But they like not his squint, nor the wart on his nose, Which looks so enormously large. At cricket and tennis he's quite an adept; He visits the stud where racehorses are kept- In fact, he's quite "horsey;" his friends have yolept Him a " tipster," a " sharper," a " card." He once wrote a ,mn. for our dear Y. F. P., And looked the next week for his name in the "T." His beautiful con., we announce sorrowfully, Was employed to wrap bacon and lard. He danced and he swore, when he read" Ed.'s" report, That he'd make a great name, no matter what sort; So he worked with some light.fingered gentry for sport. Now his fingers can't really keep still; And true to his word, a great name he has made As a thief, and a rocue, and a deep, cunning blade. We've the last of him seen-for a time, I'm afraid, For he's doing six months on the " mill." HECTOR AND APOLLO. 14.-Let bards, in sorrow-stricken lay, Bewail the fall of Cambria's name, And sing her present dark decay Contrasted with her ancient fame. 'Tis theirs to sorrow, and to sing Of glories told in bardio tales; 'Tis ours her strength once more to bring, And prove ourselves the sons of Wales. Shall we, the youth of Cambria's land, Inert, allow her fame to die ? If it were so, the burning brand Of shame upon us all would lie. Let us arise and prove our birth- To sit in sorrow naught avails Let us awake and show our worth, And prove that we are sons of Wales I 'Tie well to read the tales of yore, Of Griffydd's fame and Arthur's might; But if we read and do no more, Our Gwalia's name will ne'er be bright, So let us work and strive with zest- Woe to the heart whose courage fails I Let honour's thought inflame each breast, For we are still the sons of Wales. And from the mem'ries of the old A younger Cambria shall arise, Whose frame shall be of stronger mould Than that which in oblivion dies. So raise the nation's flag once more, And let it flaunt the passing gales; Let us arise from shore to shore, And prove ourselves the sons of Wales. W. E. CULE. 15.-Fain would I sing of a day that was fine, O, Fain wolld I gaze on the beautiful sun; Bliss, unalloyed by a flaw, would be mine, 0, If I could make an original pun. Down in my heart is a passion for writing Lines that would raise the loud laugh or guffaw; All through the day I would fain be inditing Jokes, unrestrained by a sensible law. Lest, for the want of such fun, I should pine, 0, Musa's invested another with skill; Wondrously clever in each witty line, 0, Humorous folk from his pen read their fill. Rich H. A. T. is the bard I delight in, Rich in that fun which is rarer than gold; Rich in a style that's attractive, invitin', Rich in a humour that never grows old. Fain would I sing as a poet should sing. O, Fain would I write till the dawn has appeared; Fain would I rhyme, but the muse has ta'en wing, 0, Gone, I suppose, where all wisdom is reared. Still I would ask just one question ere leaving- Does not Foonoolican mean H. A. T. P Say, my dear friend, with no thought of deceiving, Don't you reside near the River Mer-zee ? F. JoHNsoN, Manchester. 16.-Climb, climb, climb, To meet thee, beloved, I climb, With my bosom elate, right over the gate, As I have done many a time. But, alas I have caught a spike on the top, And head over heels do I go with a flop In the big ditch below, and I cover my slop With wallowing in the slime. Yell, yell, yell, What he's singing nobody can tell; With his musio in hand on the platform he'll stand, A blushing and stuttering swell. But, alas for the masher I it cannot last long, The people cannot and will not sit out that song, So with a sweet egg that is-or-somewhat strong They sing that poor masher's death-k ell. SYNTAX AND RAEBEDS. METAGRAMS, (Change the first letter of a word Lto form another word.) 17.-A gentleman grand on a high-stepping horse Rode up first a gate on which sat a youth; The former, 'twas evident, a man of the world, The latter a rustic, untutored, uncouth. " Here, boy, hold my horse !" was the lordly command; But the "boy" quietly said, "I'se afeard, sir, he'll bite:" " No, no, he'll not bite you; take hold of his head." " But, sir, with his legs he might 'tempt to fight." "No, no; he'll not kick you, so niext what I say "- " Would it take two to hold him F" inquired the young elf; "Third, yokel, of course not; but why do you ask ?" "'Cause," came the reply, "you can hold- him yer- self." The above was told to me for fact, Last, sir, for once I was in luck; I've nothing more to say but that I glory in the youngster's pluck. P, PnIxu's, Maidstone. 18.-Of a tasteful fish please change the head; What is used in war is left instead. BAss, Chester. ENIGMA. 19.-I'm black on white, I'm left, I'm right, I'm on and off my line; I'm high, I'm low, I'm fast, I'm slow, But always keep my time. I'm A, I'm B, I'm U, I'm D, Also E, F, and G; You hear and see me everywhere Where folks are full of glee. I change my head, I change my tail, Some changes make me sharp; Although I change, I always find A friend in dear old harp. G. W. Hararu.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the flrst letter of a word, leavitn a other word, expressed in the narrative.) (Master Mordaunt speaks.) 20.-I have to do this horrid sum Before I go to play : A boy has marbles, thirty-eight, And gives nineteen away; Now, then, how many will remain ? Oh, bovver, I can't say i He must have been a silly boy- I'd like to tell him so; I wish I had those marbles here, I'd keep them all, I know. Oh, dear I I hear the boys at play Down in the field below. Here's pussy come to stay with me- She has no sums to do; Oh, pussy, I'm too busy now, I cannot play with you; But sit here on the window-seat, And I will sit there too. Oh, puss, you are so fortunate To idle all the day, And frolic round the house at night, To keep the mice away; They always send me off to bed Just when I want to play. Take nine from eight-why, course you can't !- Now, what am I to do P Puss, there's a birdie on the lawn, I'm sure he winked at you. How bright the flowers look outside I And, oh, the sky is blue I We'll have a jolly game just now- But here's mamma-I say i And is it really twelve o'clock P Why, what a little day! There, now, I'll have to be kept in- It always is the way. QUecENIs. Cl.-Is it true ? can I ever receive it As a fact that's established, though rare? Dare I look in my heart and believe itP Well, no, I don't think that I dare. It must be some foolish surmising Of a brain growing feeble with lore, Some wild and fantastic uprising, That is all, nothing more. Did I dream it when peacefully dozing, Or think it when lying awake ? A secret that's worth the disclosing Cannot last, but is certain to break. It came like the pealing of thunder, Like the flashing of stars in the night- And now I do nothing but wonder At my very short sight. H. Cox, I have broken the fetter- I have caught you, you son of a gun; And, Juan, you're not a bit better, For H. Cox and Juan are one. But although by your wicked endeavour You've deceived me, no longer I'll shrink; You want patting for being so clever, Well, that's what I think. Toss. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-Fragrant flowers, I like thee well, Starry blooms of spotless white; Of thy beauties I would tell- But Ifirst not how to write, Chrysanthemums. Waving on thy willowy stems, Clothed in their emerald dress, Are thy myriad starry gems, Regal crowns of loveliness, Chrysanthemums. With thy kindred growing round In the deeper shades of night, Of ye all there to be found I would choose thee, spotless white Chrysanth-mums. Emblems of truth, I like thee well, And my love I'd last express Had I but the poet's skill, And such charms as ye possess, Chrysanthemums. F. PHILLIPS, Maidstone. 23.-Queen Marion, I present myself Most humbly to your view, My only wish that I may join This band of riddlers true. As I am but a rhymer poor, My first is hard, I fear, But I have longed to join the band For many and many a year. I therefore second that you'll look With favour upon me, And second always to remain, Yours truly, MAGie C. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Fowndation Word. 2.--Hail, all hail, to this joyous, festive season I Hail, all hail, let us greet it with delight! Hail, all hail, though no leaves there are the trees on I Hail, all hail, for the fireside is bright I Cross Words. My first means the young of both sexes; And I'm sure my kind second ne'er vexes. 'Tis said third continues for ever; If that's true, fourth comes to it never. My fith's the result of invention; A country for sixth you must mention. I'm sure 'twas with seventh and pleasure I read through my inaal at leisure. Oh, may each one be happy and smiling While King Christmas the time is beguiling I T. STonn. CHARADE. (Formed one word the two first syllables of which are complete ds.) 25.-First has second, and doth need Whole well applied, some wives will tell you. MADEIRA.