RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTICS.
letters, well as the initials, form a word, or wors.) e letters Foundation Words. l _e have watched them assemble and cluster to. geth s and finals who yearn for a name; We have atchedt them fight bravely in all sorts of e ng to climb up the ladder of fame. And sweetly their voices take part in the chorus, And cheerily ring on the air far away; oA, long may the banner of viot'ry wave o'er us ! Ad hail to the " Tournambnt," now and for aye I Cross Words. To pions actions, generous deeds, and noble works de- voted; Dy him the growth of literary labour was promoted. From small foundations spring great things; and what To think from this wee seed such wealth of foliage should appearl The only word that fits in my aorostical design; Its griefs and pleasures fill no place in any heart save mine. A "little dear." We sometimes call our.favourites by this name; And yon, perhaps, who read this con. have oft been styled the same. Abeautiful old Saxon name to aid me I engage; One happy owner lends a light to this onr " Turney " page. Great shadows roll athwart the land and cluster fast and deep, Enwrapping hill and tree and flower in silent bonds of sleep. At times a tinge of this upon our veriest joys will rest ; 'Tis sweet for those who wish to gain from life a purer zest. Msamon TAYLOR AND AMnr BEnMER. Foundation Words. 2,-It was in August, '84, I took it in my head To have a little pleasant recreation, So had a consultation with my old companion Fred, And decided, after due deliberation, To have a trip to final, which I heard was very nice, 80o departed, filled with joy and exultation ; Had a very pleasant journey, and the train was most precise, For at three o'clock we reached our destination. Now, of cou-se I cannot tell you, sirs, of everything that passed, And that can scarcely be your expectation; I can only say we had a jolly pri al down at last, Which we ever shall remember with elation. Cross Words. Said the knight, " While I am here, Naught shallfirst iou; have no fear." This a cognomen displays, Also one of many plays. If you any longer tarry, I shall be too late for Harry. Books I like if fowrtlh, but this Not at all amusing is. Very pretty Christian name- I've a sister called the same. Here we have a near relation, That's sufficient intimation. Oft I think of days of last, Wishing that they were not past. J. A. AMARSHALL, Kennington. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the frst letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) I,-I've sat in this arm-chair above two hours, In vain attempting to compose a con.; I've taxed all my imaginative powers, And yet I really cannot scribble one. I think my muse a long, long flight has taken, Intending ne'er to visit me again, Else she has gone to sleep and will not waken; For Iso long have sought her aid in vain. Indeed, it was but once lent when I sought it, That was to write a con.-the first I sent; Ithink she must have helped me when I wrote it, Because 'twas first in all the " Tournament." It was; but since-no matter how I've striven, No matter in what style, or of what theme I wrote-to me that place has not been given; Yet still of being first I sometimes dream. S. Woon, DOUBLE OMEGRAfM. (Chaigo the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 4I-He's ensconced in an easy.chair, In the glow of the firelight ruddy; I'm without in the biting air, Pacing the footway damp and muddy. Amongst his black and silky curls Wanders her hand with touch caressing; Mine, alas 1 rude Boreas whirls About in manner most distressing. And yet his glances plainly show His love is coldly calculating, And but for first she can bestow On him naought else appreciating. Still from without upon the scene I through the window linger gazing, A-dreaming of what might have been, And of his coolness most amazing. Nest hut one word within my breast A great fnrore would have created; Yea, 'neath one smile I should be blest- With joy my heart should be elated. et f I told her so, no doubt She'd call me a presumptuous noodle. Why women will, I can't make out, So much love lavish on a poodle 1' J. WATT. - ord , LOGOGRIPH. htinhmay be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele ri, rsposition hut Oeratioa olitio but leaves a perfect word after each 5.--Beneath the sea Men oft find me; You'll doubtless own that this is true; 1My head remove, That then a title's hown to you. If you transpose, I'll then disclose Scertain play to all well known; The same behead S And then instead A part of.ev'ry one is shown. Now make complete, And just delete My final, aund a fruit is seen; If you curtail, You cannot fail To find a ind of Bpulse I ween. J, STocKs. Lambeth.
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-We have missed you so first from the" Tourney," dear, We have listened in vain for your voice; And I cannot repress an exultant cheer, For our bards once again will rejoice On beholding your name In this column of fame- A name which we all love to see, Rosar B, Your name we are happy to see. So we'll welcome you back to the " Tourney," dear, For your voice Is as sweet as of yore, Will you be our own songster from year to year? Will you sing as you last once before? For our tiue little band Is the best in the land; We are happy, light.hearted and free, Rosa B., And you, too, are light-hearted and free. MAmIon L. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. 7.-Yonder sits Spring upon her verdant throne; Violets and snowdrops crown her golden hair, And smiles adorn her face, so sweetly fair; At her approach the earth has brighter grown. In budding trees the birds are loudly singing- The woodlands echo back their happy song: " O Spring. thy coming we have waited long ; Now thou art come, sweet flowers With thee bringing." Cold Winter, with his frost and first, has gone; Smiling are now the flowers which erst were dead, Wakened to life by. hearing Spring's soft tread, And all the earth looks fair soon after dawn. Gladly and quickly do the rivers lasts, Rejoicing that the Winter's reign is past. MAnoa DoceLAs. NARRATIVE CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-Some of Young Folks Olympians one day started out For a visit to famed Hampton Court; As the weather was regal, there is not a doubt That they found the enjoyment they sought, Though they went not so far, for this reason they say, Both their boals would keep turning the opposite way ! What remarkable oarsmen they are, to be sure- Messrs. Harrington, Adcock and Co. I But a slight misadventure like that gives one more Of a relish for luncheon, you know; For dessert, I suppose, they cracked many a riddle, While Fred. Wallis obliged with a tune on his fiddle. So with singing and discourse, with laughter and fun, The bright hours all unheeded sped pa t, Until, warned of Time's flight by the low, western sun, The Olympians turned homewards at last. May good fortune attend them the next time they go, And may I be with them-and help them to row I C. A. CooPna, Hackney. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whleh is a \rord.) 9.-The birds are round us flying, love, Each one the time enjoying, love; And here we both sit sighing, lore, Beneath the trysting-tree. I'm waiting but for thy assent; Then do not let my heart be rent, But quickly, Maud, give thy counsent My lovely first to be. 'Tis true that I am but my last-- Fortune on me no smile hath cast ; But quickly I forget the past When thinking, love, of thee. Though high-born suitors round thee press, Naught are broad lands to happiness; And well I know by this bright tress Thou still art true to me. Then wilt thou share my lowly lot, And deign to grace my humble cot? 'Twill be on earth the brightest spot, If shared, sveet Manud, by thee. Then brighter suns will.on us shine, When thou for ever, love, art mine; And when Hymen our hearts shall join, A happy whole I'll be. J. TRIMuBEY. 10.-The autumn sun shone hotly down upon a field of corn, In which a band of reapers had been toiling since the morn; And as they paused awhile to quench their ever-burning thirst, They wiped the heat-drops from their brows, and wished much for my first. But see upon my second, now, their master grim appears, And soon they turn to work again, for every reaper fears A scolding for his idleness-the master spareth none; For a stern, hard man he looks, as he eyes them one by one. But he stays not long to watch them-the great bell at the hall Rings to give note of dinner, and he answers to the call; He dines in most luxurious style, then drains the sparkling bowl, And dozing afterwards, receives a visit from my whole. Amy M'NEILL, Southwark. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 11.-As sunshine gilds the cornfields In summer's glowing days, As blackbirds' songs at morning Make glad the wooded ways, So is thy love to me, sweet, A glory and a song, To wrap my life in beauty, And cheer its path along. Though skies first darken o'er me, Thine eyes hold heaven's blue, And though the sunshine fadeth Their light is ever true. And if the birds' song ceases, The music of thy voice Shall thrill next soul with rapture, And bid me still rejoice. J. H. ASKEW. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 12.-The shades of night now gather o'er me, As here I stand beside the stream, Where oft we've stood together, darling, Our hearts aflame with love's bright gleam. The water dashes on the rocks, love, Just as it did long, long ago; And, oh, my heart is dashed to pieces, Because-you've married cousin Joe ! E. TRAFFORD. ROTTION CHANGE. (Change theletters o a word in succeseslon to form.other words.) 13.-'Tis pleasant to list to the strains of a first, But not of ~this one, for I think it's the worst. " When shall we second, good captain ?" said she. "In two or three weeks, at the most 1" replied he. He brought me a model, and asked me to third A sovereign upon it. How very absurd I You fourth, we will follow, and soon we shall see If aught can be got of this wonderful tea. 'Twas a wonderful last-an astonishing feat; He has beaten tlie record-his triumph's complete. W. D. PICKIRING, Southwark.
ENIGMA. 14.-I dive with rapid motion To the bottom of the ocean, And sport with many a mermaid's wavy hair ; And oft have I the pleasure Of inspecting all the treasure That lost and long-forgotten's buried there. From thence 'tis but a ramble, Or a momentary gambol, To visit cool Aurora of the north; And round the Pole I wander, But 'tis little time I squander Ere I am free again to sally forth. Down some volcanic crater, At, or near, the hot equator,. I plunge into the bowels of the earth, But quickly re-appearing From internally careering. Within a ship for home I take a berth. But ere the ship has started, In my purpose I am thwarted, And by your will compelled to roam again; For your soliloquizing Sends me off, with much surmising, To visit Mars or ride in Charles's Wain. While frisking with a comet I may interview Mahomet, Or visit dead Confucius in his grave; May call up Zoroaster, The Parsee's divinest master, Or audience from the sacred Buddha crave. Thusp space annihilating, Aud for time not troub ed waiting, A something strange, though common, too, am I; And you, O riddlers clever, Who to find me now endeavour, Must seek my aid, else I'll your wits defy. Pn0io, Dundee. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 15.-A native, once, of sunny Spain A lovely maiden wished to wed; Yet to this youth, her loving swain, She not a kind word ever said. In vain it was he spoke his love In words which showed how deep his pain; She laughed his loving words to scorn, And said she'd ne'er see him again. He left her, but he could not rest Till he a loving first did send, To ask her in most humble terms .To still be treated as a friend. " I will not second your free choice," He added, " nor my pray'r renew, If you will deign to still permit A friend my being e'er to you." Yet she remained to him unkind, And callous of his pleading words; And only told him jestingly To rhapsody unto the birds. He no more craved her favour fair, For wounded was his manly pride; He thought her fickle, base, untrue, Because she did his love deride. Yet even he could fathom not The feelings of this maid so fair; For though she railed him on his love, His welfare was her foremost care. For when, soon after, he was laid Upon the bed of illness, then She tended him with loving care, And nursed him back to life again. And when quite last he did become, No more his love she turned aside, But promised him, with smile divine, That she would be his happy bride. Ah, woman I we in houirs of health Too easily thee fickle deem ; But if in danger's one you love, A "ministering angel" thou dost seem. S. B. LAWRENUEs 16.-'Tis evening, and the evening star Gleams faintly overhead, The sun sinks 'neath a glowing bar Of purple, gold, and red. The tall, dark trees are silent now, The flowers kiss the ground; The zephyr does not stir a bough, And Nature lays spellbound. Ah, such first evening long ago, I wandered happy, free, Down by ihe streamlet's silv'ry flow, Or far across the lea. I watched the shadows, one by one, I felt the holy calm, And loved to see the setting sun Behind the dear old farm. But now the evenings only bring A weird, a wild unrest, The memory of days which sting And stab my aching breast; For they recall the long ago, When, but a child, and free, I listened to the streamlet's flow, Or wandered o'er the lea. But shadows fall upon the land, So fall they next my heart; And third a dull and gloomy band They come, and thus depart. But, ah, I'm sad, I'm sad to-night, For mem'ry back doth flow To those dear times which were so bright- Those evenings long ago. J. C. COLLIER, 17.-The winter's storms have gone at last, The sky again is clear; The days begin to lengthen fast, For spring again is here, When nature seems to first from sleep To make the earth look fair; When through the ground the flowers peep And scent the bracing air, 'Tis now thetrees appear in green Beneath the sun's bright ray; The buttercups, with golden sheen, That last the fields look gay. The daisy, too, with crimson tip, Looks at its very best; The bee begins its gweets to sip, The birds to build their nest. And happy as the livelong day Seem all the feathered throng, And show it in a simple lay Or burste of joyful song. And down amid the moss-grown dells Burst are the winter's bonds; For where the lovely violet dwells, The fern unfolds her fronds. F. PmuILLPS, Mottingham. 18.-" I've lived for first," the miser said; In one more moment he was dead. " Release your nest," the maiden cried, "For,l will never be your bride." The soldier third laid on the plain Amongst the wounded and the slain. And now good-bye; I'vefourtih enough; I hope you won't think me a muff. F. ALLIBsoN, London.
BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-I've been thinking, I've been thinking, And I've pondered deeply lately, And I've sat at midnight, blinking Like the owl up in the steeple; And it's mystified me greatly, For I've asked so many people Who could really tell me naught. The professor, too, though clever, he The answer went far wide of; And, oh, vainly have I sought To learn what that man died of, Who, falling in a reverie, Was " buried deep in thought" ! I've been thinking, I've been thlinkiug, And my hair is growing grey; I've inquired all over London, With my heart and hopes all slunkig, And I ofttimes feel quite undone When the folks I speak to answer, " Well, upon my word I can't, sir- No, I really cannot say." And each taps his pericranium In a first suggestive way, While I blush like a geranium, For I've nervous grown of late. And I cannot lenrn " for love"- As they say, "for love or miony "- And I merely second state That I think it very funny No one knows the size of glove That will fit the " hand of Fate " ! CoUI.sN AND ADCocK. 20.-When I was at school I was voted a fool By all my companions and ma ter; Each boy in the class used to think ume an ass That I didn't get on any faster. But wherefore this was is a mystery, because It was not for the first of endeavour ; But I did all my best to get on like the rest, Who, no doubt, were remarkably clever. When to business I went it was with the intent To get on in the world and make money; But ill.luck to me clung, and all things second wrong, Which was, you will own, rather funny. My friends cried," Press on, nnd your cuds will be won,' But soon were such hopes diseipated, For in all I have tried I am bound to decide That to very ill-fortune I'm fated I J. A. MARSHALL AND S. W. HAYES. ARITHMOREM. (An aoroeatl. Theletters of oross words that are ltoman numieralh expressed in agares.) Foundation Word. 21.-Long have I tried, but oft without success, To write a primal for this m.uch-loved page o; For, sad to say, the merits I posse.'s Are very little; but I'll now engage, And beg your notice for a little time. Now, please don't laugh at my peculiar rhyme; You know I cannot write like Webb or Gow. I wish I could-I'd quickly show you how To write some cons.; I'd write them by the score, And send them to our Ed., though not to bore Him with a lot of paltry, meanless stuff, But something good and witty-just enough To make his eyes dilate with pleasure, which Would show that each of them was vastly rich In true poetic meaning. Lackaday I I must not carry on in this wild way, Knowing 'tis useless for poor me to try (I might as well just try to reach the sky With one long jump) to test my feeble skill With other knights more clever with the quill; So I must be content with this one thought: I hope this con won't be composed for naught. Cross Words. 500 and nfuer To restoreo. 551 ,, ersen A sin. 1,600 ,, aneseh A riddler's nous deo plaie. 551 ,, oeten A sort of riddle. 51 ,, treo To stop on the way. " 501 ,, tero One whom we prize. J. G. NICHOLLS, Milton. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word,) 22.-Tossing on my bed I lay, Longing for the coming day; All in vain I sought repose- Balmy sleep and I were foes. The dull god I wooed in vain, And a chaos seemed my brain; Till a voice I seemed to hear Softly whisper in my ear, " Cut a literary caper- Write a con. for Young Folks Paper !" Then I wrote this splendid lay- Splendid, don't you think it ? " Nay I" Well, I never I and I meant It to first the " Tournament." And when I did sleep at last, For that day my sorrows past, Three times running I did dream (Visions "are not what they seem ") That my con., so very good, Head of all the riddles stood. Editor, I kbrow that you' Will next justly, as you do; But, alas I if it shoulu not Be the first of all the lot, Then-you have not heard the last From yours, PATRICK S., Belfast. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 23.-Primal a charming sight it is, The rural sceu'ry, now i For 'tis the best manth of the year; And Nature's vernant brow Is hiding 'neath a crown profuse Of honeyed flowers and gay, Last sweeten the nocturnal breeze, And hang with smiles the day. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery.