RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the firt letter of a word, leaving another word.)
Onemo re I take my stand in this or" Tournament" o f s o n g , , , , And wonder why I've stayed away from riddling joys so long; But then rve been so much upset to think that R. le D. gas raised the mask of Mephisto, and shown it's only me. Still, I have noticed with delight that many a new-made name ,,s entered in the lists to "ry to win some smiles from fame; And though my own has been quite hid from view a little while, w yet now I wish to welcome all new-comers with a smile. Fra peroiva and Amy, please permit me to extend A bhand to youj believe that Nellie Watson is your friend. Your verses charm me with their fun, gay maid and merry youth-- y, even those about that worst of ills, an aching tooth. Oh, eroules and Hector and Apollo-brave old gods I You 've come to life again, I see, to fight 'gainst fearful odds; You, who once fought so valiantly in distant days of yore, gave come to earth to favour us with riddles by the score. And Sophie, too, the merry maid who strengthens what I said Once, long ago, of Ivanhoe, to show that he, instead of being a knight, as riddlers think, is really but a maid, In spite of all the manly skill that he has oft displayed. Then two Killarney maidens I would welcome with the rest- O(ypsie and Faerie," surely sweeter names were ne'er possessed By any girl; but, truly, they are more than welcome here, Because their verses tell of thoughts to all so plain and clear. I Now to our matchless warriors who are still as brave and bold As when they first began to write in riddling days of old, I fain would last a song of first, but words can ne'er reveal How much I honour those who've proved themselves as true as steel. Hand clasped in hand, ranged side by side, we yet will firm remain, Daring all danger while we conquer foes yet once again; Oar flag of " Friendship, Truth, and Peace " in freedom still unfurled, Faithful to "Tournament" and queen, defying all the world. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. 2.-Forget, forget me, even as I write; The heart that challenged love has been defeated; The primal day has darkened into night; All broken are the vows so oft repeated. Forget the hours that now seem like a dream, A dream that proved too bright to last for ever; Forget the radiance of the sun's bright gleam, Forget the laughing murmur of the river. The summer morn when you and I first met- May we forget I Forget and grant this final boon I ask- Think not of yesterday, but of to-morrow, And:nodne shall know how hard will be the task Forome to strjive against my darkened sorrow. Ferget imn deal; the end has come at last; The spell is o'er, the final dream is broken, We've played our parts so e11ll, and all is past; The farewell words were briefly, coldly spoken, And swiftly as the sun will rise and set, May we forget l MAoRIoN TAYLOR, London. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word. ex- pressed in she narrative.) (With apologies to the Authors of "The Yeomen of the Guard.") 3.-I had a cat that sang, 0 I Sang me a song, 0 I And it sang when the moon Came out too soon, In days when its voice was strong, 0! 'Twasthe song of a tommy-oat, always mum, Whose tail hung down, whose eye was glum, Who stole no milk, and who ate no crumb, As he sighed for the love of a tabby. Ah,mel Ah,mel Hardly could see, ready to flee I He stole no milk,' and he ate no crumb, As he sighed for the love-of a tabby. I had a cat that sang, 01 Sang me a song, 01 SIt was sung with a swing 1 Of her tail in a ring, It rang like a mighty gong, 0 ! 'Twas the song of a tabby cat, poor, but proud, Who loved a tom, and who mewed aloud At the groan of the tommy-cat, always mum, Whose tail hung down, whose eye was glum, Who stole no milk, and who ate no crumb, As he sighed for the love of a tabby I Ah,mel Ahmel Hardly could see, ready to flee I He stole nolmilk, and he ate no crumb, As he sighed for the love of a tabby. I had a cat that sang, 0 O Sang me a song, 0 I It was sung with a yell Like a cracked school-bell, In strains that were clearly wrong,,O I 'Twas the song of a Prussian cat, highly born, Who curled up his hairy tale with scorn Atthe humble tabby cat, poor, burtproud, Who loved that eat. and who bowled aloud At the groans of the tommy-cat, always mum, Whose tail hung down, whose eye was glum, Who stole no milk, and who ate no crumb, As he sighed for.the love of a tabby. Ah, mel Ah, me! Hardly could see, ready to flee He stole no milk, and he ate no crumb, As he sighed for the love,of a taibby. I had a cat that sang, 0 1 .Sang me a song, 0 It was sung with regret, And a wish to forget A wrong that was made all right, 0 'Twas the song of a tabby cat, full of play, Who turned on her toes, and sped away PFrom the Persian masber-cat, highly born, Who curled up his hairy tail with scorn At the humble cat that he did not prize; So she mewed on her back, with Upturned eyes, For the love of the tommy-.cat, always mum, Whose tail hunqg down, and whose eye was glum, Who stole no. milk, ~ind; who ate no crumb, As he siglied for the love of' a tabby. Ah;me l Ah,mel ni Hardly could see, ready to flee I ,5sangas were o'er, and.he screeohed.till sore" -. 'Ibhave won all the.love of a,tibbk y" WJ Tomnwsty 5tMnhesiter.
NARRATIVE DUAGRARMS, (Ohange the first two lettersof a ward to form another word, ex pressed in the narrative.) 4.-When toil and care have passed away, And twilight shadows cold and grey Proclaim the evening brief, I love to sit and idly pore O'er some quaint book of Scottish lore, And turn from leaf to leaf. Old tales and legends, strange and wild,. When knights were true, and beauty smiled On all things fair and free; Of cavaliers, and maidens coy, Young Loobinvar, and Gilderoy, And mermaids by the sea. Apd of all tales it seems to me The story of " Kirkeonnell Lea" Is filled with sweetest grace; Until I almost wish that I On fair Kirkeonnell Lea could lie SIn gentle Helen's place. And as I turn the last leaf o'er, And watch the shadows on the floor Caused by the flrelight's glare, Within a mist before my eyes I seem to see their faces rise, And view them as they were. Oh, happy hearts I oh, happy days I I see you dimly through the haze Of all engulfing time; Gone are the simple wants and needs, The gentle hearts, and gallant deeds Of Scotland in her prime. And now there's nothing but these rhymes To show the ancient Scottish times, Old poems of romance; Dead are the bards who sang the praise Of Teviotdale and Yarrow braes, And kept it with the lance. But, well-a-day, the moments fly, And when, perhaps, have flitted by Five hundred years or more; Another youth will sing the praise Of these, the nineteenth century days, And read our ballads o'er. Toss. 5.-I am waiting for thee, Alice, Underneath the old oak tree; Though thy father bears me malice, I will e'er be true to thee. Then give heed unto my pleading, Haste to greet thy loving Mick. Oh, my sweet one, I am bleeding- Some one's hit me with a brick! Yestere'en, quite sad and lonely, On the bank of yonder stream, I sat thinking of thee only, For thy image reigns supreme O'er my heart-when sounds of laughter Suddenly fell on my ear, And thy father's whip soon after Caught me smartly in the rear. Weeks of loneliness and sorrow Have I passed for love of thee, From whose bitterness I borrow Days of silent misery. Then, my darling, tell me truly, Have I dreammd of thee in vain? Hear thy father's voice unruly Yelling, " Art thou here again P" Farewell, Alice, I must leave thee, I can hear the mastiff's growl; I must go, though it may grieve thee- Here he comes, by all that's foull Will he ever leave off teasing P He once bit me through and through; Hark I I hear thy father sneezing I I must now bid thee adieu. HECTOR AND APOLLO. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 6.-You've all heard of the man who swallowed a pin Because it is useful to always ha "e "tin" P And you're likewise informed of the curious leech Who swallowed a kettle.spout, just for a speech 1 And you must have all known of the corpulent squire Who swallowed a stick-to "be thin" his desire; But that's nothing compared to the maiden who'd been For an editor's basket, her waist to make thin. Then, again, you have heard of the man from Welsh Harp, Who swallowed some tin-tacks to always look sharp; And you've all had a hint of the old snob who laid On a lot of his wax, just to stick to his trade. And you've surely been told of the man (a bit "wrong ") Who feasted on cotton-he wished to live long 1 Well, that's just like the maiden who said, with a smile, "I'll marry the butcher, to liver long while 1" Here ! that puts me in mind of the heartless old Pole Who went to the cobbler's to buy a new sole! What! You haven't heard tell of the girl with small feet,' Who powdered, with sugar, her face, to look sweet ? S. A. DE BEAR AND HECTOR. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative.) 7.-Ah me, I'm sad-hearted and gloomy again, Of trouble I've more than my share; The landl0qd has called for his rent, but in vain- I really have nothing to spare. He wants the ten shillings I owe him, no doubt, And I cannot raise more than two; I've either to pay up the rent or go out, So tell me, friend, what must I do P A question like yours was ne'er asked of me, friend, I'm puzzled, I must confess-quite; 'And really and truly I'm' at my wit's end To think of advice that is right. The "tenner " of course you're upable to pay If you cannot raise more than two. And 'tis indeed difficult for me to say Whate'er you can possibly do. But, stay, can't you wait till he comes round again, And asks for the money you owe P Then show him upstairs and exclaim, "'Tis in vain," And give him a rise with your toe; Then tear all his clothes that he has on his back, And pommel his face black and blue P I'1l bet he'll then say, "I've enough vent, alack !" Friend, that's the best thing you can do. APoao AND HECTOB. CHAR'ADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of whilh is a word.) 8.-What has become of the children P SWhere are they dwelling to-day P They who were first at their lessons, Happy and merry at play. Do they remember our teacher, So gentle and patient and kind, And sigh, like me, for their childhood, And the years they have left behind P Often at recond I think of And long for my schoolmates dear; Though absent, I wish them my wrhole, S Anti a peaceful, glad, haPP Now Year. MAftir C0ivia, Newcastle.
METAGRAM. (Chane the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-If a pretty young lady but smiles when she's called A sweet kitten by some foolish flat, Ought a fifty years' maiden be grievously galled When an honest man calls her a cat P If a masher, to whom the name "puppy" 's applied, SShould proceed his tormentor to flog, Ought a veteran smile with a dignified pride When friends call him a cunning old dog P If the joy of your heart, when ycu call her a lamb, Displays no inclination to weep, Ounht your wife raise a row, and the parlour door slam, When you venture to call her a sheep P If a Scotchman objects when you call him a calf, And your nose he endeavours to pull, Ought an Englishman truly feel pleased more than half When you say he's a real John BullP If an old maid should faint when you say she has been A first chicken, too tough for the men, Ought'a young maid's fair face remain calmly serene When you call her a dear little hen P If a youth, whom yon call an unbroken young colt, Only sniggers, and lets the joke pass, Ought a full-bearded gentleman call you a dolt When you next to declare him an ass P If an elderly dame, whom a fledgeling you've named, By deep thoughts of due vengeance is stirred, Ought your dear be delighted instead of ashamed When you say she's your own little bird ? If that mischievous boy, your dear nephew, aged nine, When you call him a cub, does not care, Ought you give way to passion, and kick up a " shine," When he calls you a growling old bear ? PaILo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE DOUBLE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of two words, to form two other words, ex* pressed in the narrative.) 10.-The leaves fall from the trees, The sky looks dull and grey; And cold and fresh the breeze That fies its own swift way. The sward has lost the hue That once with pride it wore; All dead the world seems, too- The thrash is heard no more. No more the lark is seen To soar its heights bn wing From fields all fresh and green, Its own sweet song to sing. For each day bring its sign That gloom and cold are near; Old Sol is loth to shine, King Frost will soon be here. J, W. SEWELs. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex. presded in the narrativeJ 11.-The forest and meadows are mantled in green, And the skylark keeps twittering the whole day long, As if 'twere entranced by the beautiful scene, And wished to enliven the world with its song. "Old Sol" has been pleased to most graciously send Upon us poor mortals a few beaming rays, So, Ernest, I think, if the weather should mend, The scene, as depicted, willend " summer days." E. GEORGE AND E. SCHOFrIELD META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word. ) 12.-We know the fate the present shares, The incidents of hour and day; We yearn for them when passed away, But at the thought the future bears We give an idle, hasty glance, And in the day's enjoyment dance: Time rushes on and leaves us unawares. Graven in beauty of the old, The thing may change, but it will yet In every thought of ours be set; In frame of silver or of gold; The first appearance haunts the whole, And leaves a lasting life and soul When both have gone in changes manifold. But yesterday the heavens seemed To let their joy fall down to earth, And hope enjoyed a greater birth Than e'en its votary could have deemed; Yet vanished is my yesterday, In future times the beams may play; To-day gives not what yesterday I dreamed. When hope is gone, it seems for e'er, And down the spirit heavy falls, To first in desolation's halls, We may such hope in future share; But, ah I 'tis easier to sink, To last the last connecting link, Than such a severed fastening to repair. Accursed may we deem a thing, Condemn it to a dungeon vile, Where never may the sunshine smile But pity hovers quivering .Around the loathsome prison gate; Nothing is so condemned by fate, But mercy's pleas to justice ever cling. When beauty's shown by higher thought, Our tints outrival Nature's glow; Nature cannot suffice to show The richer glory we had sought: Yet what we dream may one day be- Nature's perfeotion we may see, And into greater harmony be brought. Ivanuos, Belfast. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flaures.) Foundation Words. 18.-A New Year's greeting to primals I send In this famed "Tourney" so dear, Hoping that lsnals will ever attend One and all, as they pass through the year. Cross Words. 501 a}7' I'm very fond of this, 'tis true. When I have nothing else to do. 502 ,, ..gbo This is a colour, a kind of blue; ,J " No doubt 'tie known to all of you. 500 , roofs A well-known riddler this you'll find to be, Whose name is oft seen in the "T." 1,000 ,, ea When you're this your friends sincere Will mourn the loss of one so dear. 105 ,, ee To find this out pray do not shirk; 'Tis used by masons in their work. 100 ,, rue Another colour for this call to mind; A creamy hue it is, you'll find. 101 ,, trus This to the country doth pertain. Can't you guess it ? Try again. 101 ,, kst When I go out a call to make, This in my hand I always take. SWEET LAVENDER, London. VERBAL CHARADE. IA word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 14.-In barter, not in buying; In shouting, not in crying; In black, but not in white; In morning, not in night; In eating, not in drinking: In speaking, not in thinking; .Just work it out, and it will show . A river that I'm sure you know. J. W. Szwura,.
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other word.). Foundation Word. 15.-From poverty obscure, from lowly state;i:, Burning with ardour for an honoured name, Fortune his leader, and his guardian. Fate;! , ,' He came to tread the warlike paths of faine; And Hars looked kindly on his greatest child; Bellona placed her shield before his breast ; Then Fury and Destruction grimly smiled,' And followed close the victor's waving crest.: Proud-tyrants trembled-kings knelt at his feet, . Beseeching mercy on their tottering power From him who made each throne his judgmeut.seat, Each town his fort, each crown a soldier's dower. Oross Words. First died for love-a very curious ease; He must have owned a wondrous pretty face. Next captivated many by the spell Of music, as the ancient legends tell. Third was a friend of a renowned chief, Who at his death was plunged in deepest grief. The gods' abode, as doubtless you were told, Is seen in this-the tale is very old. A Spartan chief is nest, who once defied The Persians' power,.and in the battle died. A city this, of ancient power and might, Whose king won great renown in warlike fight. His music charmed and brought dead things to life, And almost won him back a long-lost wife. A centaur last, who slew the strongest man That ever lived since first the world began. .W. E. Curs. Foendation Word. 16.-My friend, can you tell me the youth Who has not the wish to be primal P I hear you say "No." Well, you're telling the truth, For each and all sigh to be primal. Cross Words. First little urchins are trudging the street, No hats for their heads, no boots for their feet; Will not some person take pity and save These first little mites from death and the grave P Now sailing are we Across the blue sea, And all on board are so gay and so free; For naught do we fear, But long to be near Next England, the land that we love so dear. Here am I in a foreign land, Thinking of friends across th': sea; I hold a letter in my hand. Sad news it has brought unto me. It tells me third old mother's dead- She died a month ago to-day ; Pathetic were the words she said, " God bless my son who's far away." A kind of vase my fourth will be; Now try to guess the name for me. When all time is past;. Fits to cobbler's last. A riddler who has been absent some time; I'm sure that we miss his mellifluous rhyme. " Shall we go for a last On the lake ?" said Joe; It was rather too cold, So we all said, " No I" W. L. MILLER AND LORD TICKLE.'En.UP,. Foundation Word. 17.-Where the glittering baubles glow 'Midst the people's ceaseless flow, There my whole is often seen With a placid, benign mien. Oross Words. Dirty as it really is, A beauty spot on England's "phiz." " Next and tongs." it rains you say, " Cats and dogs" another day. In this place you are at home, When your business makes you roam. Up above this world so high, Near the diamonds in the sky. Riddling lasts, here is my hand, Ever ready at command. W. A. LANGSTON, London. Foundation Word. 18.-If you fain would solve our ditty, Pray take note, 0 solvers witty, That in lights below is stated A merry dame Of "Tourney" fame, For her bright lays celebrated. Cross Words. First should not be puzzling, very; To all ships 'tis necessary. In our "Tourney " tilts this gallant, Far famed for his witty talent. With the masters great we class him, None of whom did e'er surpass him. Now the fourth of this short ditty Will disclose a shellfish,pretty. Man's frail human frame possesses That which this our last expresses. THE FALCON KNIGHT AND ROBIETO. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word,) 19.-Inside your body first does dwell- If it stops, 'twill sound your knell; But if it you'll please transpose, What we all dwell on you'll disclose. C. E. BRAuon, London. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 20.-Gracefully dances the first on the toe, And hides her sweet blushes behind her next-so. S. DE BEAR.