RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM.
1.-Oh, list a short while t. a timid young maid Now singing her sad little ditty. And when all my troubles and woes I've displayed, Perhaps I shall gain some small pity. Three brothers have I, and I'm bound to confess T,-morrow I',l part with them gaily; For just through the three of them no one could guess The troubles I'm subject to daily. There's Fred, he is learning to first full of grace, Which no doubt to himself is delicious; Bat to see him go hopping all over the place Is enough to make any one vicious. Then Harry, the next one, doth gladly rejoice In being taught music and singing : But, oh ! how he bawls at the top of his voice ! A pain to my head often bringing. And now there comes Frarkie, the least of them all, Without any exaggeration All day to and fro he goes (fancy the noise 1) Repeating his multiplication, And asks, '' Do I want him to grow up a next P" Should I gently say, " Frankie, be quiet I'" And then whit makes me so remarkably vexed, They all join in terrible riot. I'd rather be living the life of a nun Than live in this manner distressing. But now let me be, ere my song is quite done, A word to the ladies addressing: Please call all the unwished for things to your mind, My dear Nellie Coulson and others, And own the most troublesome ones you can find Are bad-tempered babies and brothers! MARIoN TAYLoa, Birkenhead. DECAPITATION. 2.-Lightning flashed, and th' wind was roaring, as within his chamber, poring O'er his volumes, sat the baron -sat alone amidst the gloom; And the firelight flickered faintly, lighting up the old and quaintly Carved figures on the wainscot of the antiquated room, And th.' i,' ron, glancing up, beheld within that ancient room Ghosts and phantoms from the tomb I 'Mongst these shadowy intruders there were Royalists and Tudors, Romans, Saxons, and some Normans slowly flitting here and there. Some wore breastplates hacked and gory, some were young, some old and hoary; Next and fl'st they went, as silently as if they trod the air, Pointing sadly at their gaping wounds or at the empty air, Crying solemnly," Beware!" Though astounded most completely, th' baron smiled upon them sweetly, And addressed so serenely that their ghostships were subdued: "I confess I'm not delighted at your coming uninvited. No! In fact, your advent unannounced I think is rather rude. Let me put to you a query: Don't you think it very rude Thus upon one to intrude ? " Then, again, my lords and ladies, you've but now re- turned from Hades, And your garments do not suit a modern soir6e as they might. Ladies, kindly let me state, too, that your presence here- so late, too- Can be hardly termed respectable-it's twelve o'clock at night. Tell me why you take your promenade so very late at night. Is it quite becoming-quite P" Thus he spake, and each intruder-Yorkist, Royalist, or Tudor- Gath'ring up his ghostly raiment, headlong rushed across the floor Of that chamber antiquated, downcast, crushed, humiliated: And the baronchuckled softly as they vanished through the door- Shamed and thoroughly repentant thus they vanished through the door, And were seen on earth no more I G. Tnor. METAGRAM. 3.-The Campbell has gathered his clansmen, A right valiant chieftain is he; And stout Roland Graeme, the last of his name, Awaits him on Netherby Lea. With lance, and with broadsword and claymore, A right goodly combat to see, The men of the Graeme, athirsting for fame, Fight Campbells on Netherby Lea. The chiefs meet in combat, each fiercely Determines the victor to be; But soon the brave Graeme, the last of his name, First dying on Netherby Lea. Now Campbells and Graemes tell the story, Though all on one verdict agree: That Campbells and Graemes, 'midst war's deadly flames, Fought bravely on Netherby Lea. AGRIPPA. CHARADE. 4.-My first is very small, Of pain a great remitter; Takes not revenge at all, But yet is very bitter. The hosts that die in war Could very ill be reckoned; But, ah I how many more Die yearly through my second,. The total is a sin To those who bravely fought-a Mere name for horrid din, With fire, and theft, and slaughter. GEIHT LI. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 5.-My primals unfold, if you please, A river they'll bring to your view; Just search England's map, and with ease 'Twill be found, clever riddlers, by you. Cross Words. Now if to solve this riddle you're ambitious, sirs, My first will name a fruit that's deemed delicious, sirs. Alas I I do not next the art of riddling; My cons., I grieve to say, are always middling. Now if for solving riddles you've ability, This French town you will find with great facility. 'Tis time my con. was last-of that I'm certain, sirs; So now I'll make my bow, and draw the curtain, sirs S. W. HAYEs, Worcester. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fouindatton Words. 6.-'Twaus brought away from Colchis by a Prince of Thessaly, Who through the aid of Princess ]Medea bore it o'er the sea. Cross Words. A deep recess in set or earth; A range of hills in Fife and Perth. A stream of which we oft have read, Causing forgetfulness, 'tis said. The daughter of Acrisius Reversed, the mother of 6rphens. Sixth wept herseif into a stone. Now solve it, for my puzzle's done. Aen BoEaHrEn, Shorucliffo. CENTRAL DELETION. 7.-You often have this kind of fish, And oft this sort of meat; But nowa name appears instead, If centre you delete. F. T. RIDLEntay.
BETAGRAM. 8.-" Upon the wall the cat's a caterwaul-ing "- That line's originality you may doubt; For lately rhymes on cats grow quite appalling. And I rather guess the subject's getting " played out." It's certainly a first inviting topic For youthful bards to exercise their skill on; But why won't some one's muse be philanthropic, And give us verses new to have our fll " on P" I second here remind you that " Fair Luna" is growing rather stale, and, to be candid, Who first called that unprepossessing moon a " Fair goddess " should be sternly reprimanded. For that her phiz is-well, I won't say hideous. But "most uncommon plain" is my impression; Perchance for that I may be termed fastidious, But still- Hallo I Excuse this short digression I I came to mourn for lost originality, And also to demand the why and wherefore Of its departure from the generality Of poems lately writ, whose merit therefore Is marred by- Eh P Who asked, with smiling visage, The reason why I- Well, you see, the fact is I would set the example, but in this age The rule is "Preach! Let other people practise I" F. R. Coutsog. METAGRAM. 9.-The morning first dawning, As, all danger scorning, Young Lamont went forth to the fight. He feared not, he cared not- What would he have dared not In aid of Prince Charles and the right ? But, alas! at Culloden, The horse that he rode on Stands over the corpse of the knight, Who nobly next perished For the love that he cherished For bonnie Prince Charles and the right. At home there's a maiden With heart.sorrow laden; Dimmed with tears are the eyes once so bright. For her lover she sorrows, But this solace she borrows: He died for Prince Charles and the right. SPOTSTRoaKE, Glasgow. DECAPITATION. 10.-Many wonders I've seen, for I've roamed many lands, From the cold of the North to first Africa's sands, And from far off Japan to the Southern seas, Where the trav'ller inhaleth the perfume-charged breeze. But though I have wandered so far, far away, My poor heart was absent by night and by day, It was back in that village to me ever blest, Where relations are fondest and friends are the best. What remorse I would feel and regret, it is true, When in fancy the village burst in on my view, With its neat little church on the top of the hill, And my own tiny cot by the side of the rill ! Ah, how oft have I thought, round the camp.fire at night, Of the sports with my mates which filled me with delight, And the graves in the churchyard beneath the yews' shade, Where the bones of my kindred in silence last laid. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 11.-I know a scribe-he's in the law, a very funny man, sir; he Dabbles in the Common Law and interferes with Chan- cery. He won't lose any chance, sir; he to serve writs is too willing (Of course he has his ex's. paid, and also takes a shilling). To thus expose his virtues (if I've hurt you,I beg pardon, sir We all have our small virtues, so that yours I can't be hard on, sir)- But still, as I have said, to thus expose him is too bad o' me. At night I know he frequents some small-musical academy. There, I have done. I'll now " shut up," to quote part of a poem, sirs. Find me out, and find him, too-I daresay you all know him, sirs. M. W. Hauisrrr. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. 12.-Warm inside the fire is glowing; Laughter from all lips is flowing; Games and dancing follow song ; Smoothly glide the hours along. As the children chat and play, Enjoying well their holiday, Ne'er a thought of pain or sadness- All is happiness and gladness. Cold outside the wind is blowing, l)rearier the night is growing; But a little girl and boy Are looking on the children's joy, Peeping through the window-pane, Heedless of the sleet and rain, For it looks from where they stand A veritable Fairyland. EVELINE C. GnRAT. CHARADE. 13.-A portion of the human frame First kindly try to find; A word which means to suffer pain You next must call to mind; The two combine, if done arigot, What means deep sorrow comes to sight. J. J. BANKs, Sheffield. ENIGMA. 14.-I'm very loud and very soft; I'm on the earth and borne aloft; I'm harmony and discord, too, And very often come from you; I herald mirth and herald pain; I'm heard in every tune and strain. I'm long, I'm short, I'm smooth, I'm rough, And yet I have not said enough; I'm on the sea, and on the land, But you can't touch me with your hand; I'm perfect to the last degree, And yet you never have seen me; I come, and go, but who knows how P With that, Young Folks, I make my bow. H. R. i aESTON, Kennington. DOUBLE DIAGONAL PUZZLE. Foundation Words. 15. -When you the cross words right can prove, Then the diagonals remove; Place them in order in a row, Two lovely flow'rs you'll see and know. Cross Words. The first is distant many miles- 'Tis one of the West Indian Isles. MIy second is, as you'll remark, A colour anything but dark. Some relatives in third you'll find, I hope they're amiable and kind. A mountain's fourth, which gave their names To various athletic games. Now gaze on fifth; if e'er you make it, Be very careful not to break it. Here comes the next to take its stand; It is a State in Yankee-land. Seventh and last a muse is found- She who presides o'er art of sound. DIANA.