NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. d-=erO[ aretranpoa nd form another word in l a wor dOthe marrativO.)
inTo winthe band of Mary Jane Bob k elt in supplication, And swore by all the suns and moons That his fond admiration Could not cnd while his life should last. To show him that her heart was his, She blushed with perturbation, And whispered " Yes ;" then, though that word Required some explauation, Said she loved with a lifelong love. To give full vent to his delight, By way of confirmation He pressed her to his manly breast, And, in wild exultation, Rubbed her face with his blonde moustache. To bring the matter to a head, His further conversation Resolved itself into a plea For speedy consecration, And the day was named there and then. To do the thing in proper style, As well became their station, They carefully invited bach Fine friend and rich relation To attend on a certain day. To prove her fickleness of will, Her lack of conservation, She quickly changed her mind without A moment's contemplation, And arrangements were stopped at once. To put an end to all his woes, HIis madness and vexation, Bob took a header from a bridge, And drowned his degradation In the turbulent flood below. To punish her for shirking thus Life's greatest obligation, Poor Mary Jane has since been shunned By all the male creation, And is now a despised old maid. PHILO, Glasgow. A singer came telling one morning of sorrow, and trouble, and uain, oh! how I shook with gay laughter on reading that dismal refrain, his angw.sh and grief just consisted of paper, pen, ink, and a spree, he wished to create a diversion 'mong ladies and, kuights of the T." succeeded, this gallant named Droffo-at least, he filed one mind with fun, when I had finished up laughing, to think just like this I begun: ere's something, well, almost familiar about these most comical lines, d a bit of another knight's humour throughout them in radiance shines, w,who often writes in this manner, enough to fill each up to choking ?" i then, like a galvanic shock, came the answer : " Why, who else but Jo-King." t, if l am wrong, you'll forgivd me, now won't you, Jo- King or Droffo ? should Ibe right, you will own, sirs, that this piece of fun is "no go !" NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. rds of different meanring, but the same in sound, expressed in the narratlve.) 7 a.m. -Awake me not, although the morn is breaking, And day will soon commence its oft-told tale, Though others are repose's charm forsaking, The air of such a morning to inhalo ; I hear the milkman at the doorway stopping, I hear the fishman sing of fish so cheap, But as into a gentle doze I'm dropping, Still let me sleep. 8 a.m. Still let me sleep, although the sun is shining With mellow rays into my heated room; Though citywards some footsteps are inclining, And many streets a busi-iess look assutie; Down town there is an endless rush and hurry, While here serene and pleasant is my lot, So, though the others take a share of worry, Awake me not. 9 a.an. Awake me not, though I have not been spending The midnight hours in riot or excess; At two my homeward way I've not been wending, Nor ever to -my lips the wine cup press; It is not that I'm deaf to Nature's voices, And cannot in their charm my senses steep ; But as this morning such my highest choice is, Still let me sleep. 10 a.m. Still let me sleep, and I'll reveal the reason - Why I delight to snooze the hours away In such a pleasant jocund summer season, When all should sleep as little as they may. This, then, it is. I am so downright lazy, Too much repose I'm sure I never got ; So, though the explanation's somewhat hazy, Awake me not. IvANloE, Belfast. DUAGiRAM. hanuhe first two l tters o, I word to form another word.J Of te I have tearfully, woefully, fearfully, lordly dared glance at this dearly-loved page, Nirrrtive letagrams, Narrative Betagrams, 'autsve cons. of all sorts are the rage. first and my second too seldom are reckoned oftsetial to cone., be they lengthy or small; -olOnenim sighing, too-what's the use trying to e what can scarce be called puzzles at all ? SN. Transposition teas the acquisition, Stoth inventor great credit it brought; Sthen we've persisted and stubbornly twisted a narrative style, till sad havoc we've wrought. Once 'teas delightful-my heart would be quite full Sjoy, as I solved out the puzzles each week; u0n1ste bright ornaments decking the " Tourna. lstly are arrativized, so to speak. s thnk that this present task yields me a pleasant -lt-I would not for worlds lose your smiles; "cr cons. numerous, sad ones or humorous, d myself copied narrative styles. l. ti, so lever, if we would endeavour be thOracle's daughters and sons, -n---*neglecting him truly rejecting him, - ratlve, nrative.cones. MDAnnoI TAYLQOa, London. Swhi" PAtINDROME. i nhich read backwvards or forwards is still the same.) ."--irst ruddy Sol throws o'er the world S Th s tie Night, with stealthly tread, W, n o...n.ts on e. . flowr her dews. - . "B)SO:? E, J, Scifoano.wD, ANZD J. Co6na.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMhS. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 6.-Knights of the "Tourney," whose falchions bright Have never borne an unworthy stain, Ye who are foremost in the fight, Who care not for wounds. disappointments, or pain, Come, draw your swords in a worthy cause, For your nous do plums andrpour n,~S de guerrre. We will stand by our ancient" Tournament" laws, And manfully still our rights will aver. Then up and be arming, the battle's alarming ! See, on through the lists sweeps the opposite band. There's a battle ensuing, up. up, and be doing, For your rights and your liberties manfully stand. Knights of the " Tourney," with lances in rest, And gay-coloured pennons, we press to the front; Let the faint seek the rear e'er the battle's fierce test Shall prove who is ablest to bear its dread bruut. Your ladye-loves watch from the gay-bedecked stands, Their favours are fastened to breastplate and helm, Then merit the meed ye receive at their hands, And fight with the bravest in Marion's realm. Hark, hark to the clashing, and see the steel flashing, Strong lances are splintered and riders o'erthrown; Then stand by ourleaders, we'll let none defeat us, Be brave, be collected, the day is our own. Knights of the " Tourney," the first in the van, Brave Philo, Jo-King, Patrick S., Ivanhoe; Black.cloaked La Mysterie (woman or man ?); Mephistopheles, hot from the regions below; Schneider.Arrow, M'Goosely, and brave Sailor Knight, Alcibiades and Apostrophe, too; Luccieus. Long Snowshoe, and Droffo so bright, With Pelham the brilliant, and others a few ; There's Queenie the witty, Madeira the fair, Diana O'D. (who has left us of late) : With this bright array for the battle prepare, And fight for the fame of our own little State. The trumpets are sounding, the chargers are bounding, The die is cast now, and the issue we wait. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 7.-Some flowers that decked her garden fair, I twined within her flowing hair; Beneath an arbour clothed with green, . Where white convolvula are seen, 'MI ngst roses perfuming the air, These flowers I weaved about her hair. Graceful and comely was the maid Whose white hands in my own were laid; Tender and full of truth her eyes, That bid the soft emotion rise That thrills the heart, that wakes the soul To ecstasy beyond control; The dawn of love within a bower Most seemly for a blissful hour, When soul loves soul, and heart meets heart, Secluded, from-the world apart. When eyes see eyes, and love draws love From out the spirit realm above; When lip on lip is glowing pressed, And forms endeared have long caressed, There's no retreat more sweet, more dear, In which love's utterance to hear, Than this, low hid within a grove That angels might select for love. LUccEIuS. 8.-Of all the fairest spots on earth, The one we love the best Is that dear place of joy and mirth Away out in the west; Through all the world we've travelled, But the brightest spot we've seen Is our home in dear old Galway, Where grows the shamrock green. When we left our home in Galway To cross the ocean blue, We left behind our dearest friends, Whose hearts were kind and true; And as we parted from them, The tear stood in our eye. When we were forced at last to say Those bitter words, " Good-bye." Since then we've been to "furria parts," To Italy and Spain, To America we've also been, To France and back again. But still, where'er we travel, No matter where we roam. We'll still remember that bright spot, Our dear old Galway home. J. BIRIRELL, Belfast. lYar Song. 9.-Onward, onward, men of might, Onward, brothers, to the fight I Don't you bear the trumpets sounding, And your leader's voice resounding ? Onward, onward men of might. To the glorious " Tourney " fight! Onward, onward, minstrel throng, Raise to heaven the glorious song! ])on't you hear the trumpets sounding, And your leader's voice resounding ? Onward, onward men of might, Marching to the " Tourney " fight ! Forward, forward, "Tourney" throng, With your banners march along; Prove yourselves a elan undaunted. Singing songs your fathers chanted, Leading warriors, men of might, To the famous "Tourney " fight JUAN. 10.-'Mid all the city cookshops, Wherever I may roam, I never get a dinner good, Except when I'm at home. The meat it swims in gravy, Potatoes black and cold, The cabbages all stump and stalk, And bread a fortnight old. 'Mid different dinners I may get, These things are always found- Hairs, slugs, and flies, and dirt combined; These always do abound. Some time back a friend of mine Was on a dinner bent; A button in his plate he found For his repast up sent ! W. H. BLAcx, Peckham. 11.-V. D. Taylor, Warrington, D o you know that Jefferson Takes an interest in your work '- A duty you would never shirk. Y on did make a gen'rous mention, Long ago with hind intention, O f your humble servant's name: R ight well I thank you for the same. R. L. JEFPERSOo, Clapham. ARITHMOREM. Ac) asrst io. The lettersot crosas words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 12.-On glancing down this page, You'll see a well-known sage. Cmross Wordc. 7 and grn A well-known actor here pllease fld. 107 ,, rota A loving queen now bring to mind. 1,050 ,, rayebe This is a famous " Tourney" knight. 101 ,, howrn A town in the east of England write. 500 ,, oho Here you see a poet's name. S50 ,, we This is a sly bird, fond of "game." 555 ,. etace -To be lifted up. Lobon
DOUBLE OMEGnRAlS. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 13.-Have you found at "rehearsals" on th' world's endless stage- Rehearsals ! the summer.time shine of Life's page, When natures are warm and horizons undimmed, And all that is beautiful is so untrimmed- Have you found, ere the " serious knock " clanged at your door, That " coming events cast their shadows before "? Did you scorn them, unheeding the "omens of fate," Unburdened by aught of their wisdom and weight ? Saw you not, 'mong the things that enchanted the eye, No warning of trouble to come-by.and.by ? Did the sea of Adversity find you unfit To combat and conquer the buffets of it? And, say, did it cast you a wreck on the shore Where coming events throw less shadow before P Cold Fate's not as cruel and harsh as we think, He showeth the steel ere lie forgeth the link, And if we avoid not as first as we can The shoulder of all that he dealeth to man, 'Tis because in our folly we err on the score That coming events cast no shadow before. There's shadow to everything under the sun That has substance, and, friend, has Adversity none ? Oh, its form is enshrouded in darkness and haze, But hiding the splendour of far better days. And, forth with its shading and promiseful light, Next dawn a fair sun like the morn after night, And its earliest beams shall convince evermore That "coming events cast their shadows before." V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 14.-Dear scribes, I a letter to you would indite, If I only knew how to begin; Perhaps in a time I should master it quite, If I only knew how to begin. But, there, it's no use, as I plainly can see, So pray be content with these few words from me; I'd send an effusion-first class, you'd agree- If I only knew how to begin. I once fell in love and essayed to propose- But I didn't know how to begin; And f[rst on the next of my best Sunday clothes, But I didn't know how to begin. The maid soon grew angry and went for her pa, Who tumbled me into a barrel of tar, And then hauled me out and exclaimed, "Now go far," But I didn't know how to begin. To become a great poet, oh ! often I strive, But I never know how to begin; Though at a conclusion I always arrive, Yet I never know how to begin. But still I'm attempting, though not very wise, To write something which this great world will surprise; Of course that will be, as each riddler implies, When I've found out the way to begin. E. GEORGE, Camberwell. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed In the narrative.) 15.-Oh, I sing in the wilderness, sing in the woods, I sing in the heavens so blue and so fair; I ever am gay, I'm of unchanging moods, As blithe as the lark, and as free as the air. I would fling melancholy and woe to the winds, And naught will find favour with me that's not gay; I'd banish grave trouble from overtaxed minds, And each heart would, like mine, be as light as the day. Why give way to repining and cankering tears ? Man was made to be cheerful, not moping and sad; A clear ring of laughter is best music for ears That are used to complaints-'twould each spirit make glad. Tis true that my cares in unending array Come trooping upon me with gloom in their train; And often I flad I'm unable to pay The tradesmen who dun me again and again. But no sadness e'er in this bosom shall reign, Though its tenderest hopes have been nipped in the bud; Still merry I'll be, though my loved Mary Jane Has proved false as only a woman e'er could. Yet happy I'm ever resolved to remain, Though maidens are fickle and duns press me hard; Away, melancholy, care, sorrow-in vain You'll endeavour to sadden the heart of this bard. R. W. ANDREWS AND A. AMBERLEY. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.) 16.-Flower, once so beautiful, Pressed in my book, Slight and inscrutable, Born by the brook, Look not upbraidiugly; Well I remember, Clearly, unfadingly, That sweet September. High ran the pathway That led to the town- Over the pathway The brook rippled down; And on the right of it, Full of wild ibuns, Stretching in sight of it, Lay the wide woods. Oh, she was beautiful, Oh, she was kifd, Tender and dutiful, Lofty of mind; Heart fall of purity, Limbs full of grace, Faith in futurity, Gentle of face. There was no vanity Then in that day, Pride and profanity Had not their way; Honour, sincerity, Linked with prosperity, Truth in all verity, Then held their sway. Lying there fretfully Hour after hour, Sighing regretfully, Were you not, flower ? Trampled on needlessly, Snffering painfully, Lying there heedlessly, Meek, but disdainfully, Thousands had missed you When crossing the lea, Till one so tenderly, Fair and so slenderly, l'lucked you and kissed you, Then gave you to me. Well may I tearfully Look back with pain- Time spent so churfally Comes not ng~iu. Lie, flower, then, near to me, Withered and grey, Growing more dear to me Day aftler day. H. A. TArLon, Birklenhead. CONUNDRUM. 17.-What is the difference between a man who has a cold iand a priz-ilht~hi P--O. LIDIIOLD, London.
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-Skating's fine I oh, yes, it's proper. What a treat to come a "cropper !" When your body goes all angles, and your legs and arms entangle, When you find a skater's making right straight to the course you're taking, Then it's finel When into the work you're setting, to enjoy it you are getting, Then a small boy comes and shoves you-cuddles you as though he loves you, .Down upon the ice you go, crash! and your brand-new watch you then smasu- Then it's fine! When you find some one you know's there, a young lady pretty and fair, Then a somersault you're turning, though to do your best you're burning, And as you're then over spinning, catch a glimpse and see she's grinning, Then it's fine! When last see first sweet intended, all your trials then are endled. Quickly up to her you're speeding, no persuasive words you're needing. When you are together skating, all intruders you are hating, Then it's fine I DRopro, London. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 19.--The Editor has been beset With poets who've expressed regret That lie should pass their poems by Because their tone is somewhat high. " Our muse," said they, " must have its fling, So pardon us, So pardon us, And don't, because we write on Spring, Be hard on us, Be hard on us, If of the Spring we wish to sing. Tra.la.la I" Said he, "If you will just rellect, You soon will see why we reject Your poems; 'tis because so few, If any, say a word that's new. That you such worn-out phrases bring Is hard on us, Is hard on us; To our prerogative we cling, So pardon us, So pardon us If we decline your " Ode to Spring." Tra.la.la !" Jo-KING, Lambeth. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, formi a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 20.-Oh, would I had the power to write In skilful verse a song in praise Of these fair maids, who give delight To all with their poetic lays i Oross Words. First is a word that means to intercede; In next behold a feathered warbler's name; Third means affectionate or delicate ; Fourth means to charge with crime, sirs, or to blame; Old sailors love to spin is lengthy fifth; Silth is a very savage beast of piey; Next is a gem which various colours shows; Last is an ancient town of Italy. LoNe SsowsHoE, lBathgate. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other word,.) Foundation Word. 21.-A place where art meets art in strife, Where trades are taught, where vices grow, Where sin and poverty are rife, As many a poor outcast doth know. Cross Words. The wealthiest city of this world; A State of the United States; A name we sometimes give our pates; Hundreds to ruin this has hurled; A fruit that grows 'neath tropical heat; A place where we the Zulus beat. FAULTY. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 22.-My first's the colour of next, a liquor, And justly do I think A beverage sweeter and much better Can be had to drink. It first to you will clearly show A russet fluid like wine; But change the view, and it has now* Become a fearful crime. R. WATT, Glasgow. 23.-The thrifty labourer in me Deposits oft his hard-earned gains; But turn me round and you will see What serves to recompense his pains. J. T. Reilly, Bathgate. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation, Words. 24.-If you read of this diamond the two centres right, Two well-known riddlers of the " T." are sure to come to sight. sight. Cross Words. My first's a kind of madness, brought on by drink, I trow; My noet's a London street boy, who oft shoeless has to go; The third's a Sunday paper which is known all London round; For fourth an Eastern town you take, near Caucasian mountains found; The nest's a man who's sometimes known as masher, swell, or beau; My last's a little word that's used by all of you, I know. APOSTROPHE.