RIDDLE TOU.RNIAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS.
(Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) The great Sir Thomas Fogg, Q.C., M.P. was in the A brighter legal luminary England never knew) ; rose up on his feet, and, with a smile upon his face, roeeded to, address the stolid "twelve good men and true." t first he gives a grunt, and a preparatory cough, djusts his wig (which matches well in hue his rusty locks), lie up a portion of his first and throws the other off (These little tricks ne'er fail to "fetch" the dozen in the box). rr-gentlemen, I will address you briefly for my client, he party made defendant in this action, as you know; e plaintiff owed him money, but refused to pay- defiant- Ad then it was, as plaintiff swore, defendant struck the blow. y first point is a knotty one, and wants elucidation ; nd then the learned gentleman proceeded to explain; periods so ponderous he gave his explanation, That at the end the jury were just twice as mixed again. other point he argued, in support of which he quoted rom Chitty, and from Blackstone, and from six or seven more o tedious verbosity Sir Thomas was devoted, nd such a thorough second you had never met before). Now, gentlemen, a point I haven't touched upon is this," At which he brought his hand upon the table with a thump; uptcrned tack upon the desk his fingers didn't miss, ad full six inches and a half Sir Thomas Fogg did jump. d then Sir Thomas said no more, he felt too much for speech; gloomy frown came o'er the face that erewhile was so bland. roe points Sir T. had had in view, and he had touched on each, And yet he now resumed his seat, with one more point in hand! BEARNETT DE BEAR. 2.-I've heard our riddlers many times complain Of being sorely worried night and morn By people playing some inspired refrain Upon a cornet, flageolet, or horn, Outside their window, or within a house Connected with the mansion of their choice, Aad seem to think the grandest, purest chord Is little sweeter than an earthquake's voice. But, truth to tell, I ne'er could understand (And wish the cause some puzzler would impart) Why lovely tunes from flute or German band Should carry sorrow to the poet's heart. For, to myself, the simple honeyed firsts (Discordr nt ones, I'll grant you, with the rest) Tend ever to refresh a weary soul, And soothe the anguish of an aching breast. Ere sitting down to write a pretty lay (Which, in the foremost place, I look for soon), Within each neighbour's house I make my way, And beg the favour of his loudest tune ; Then, with the mighty thunder of a drum, A flute's sweet nexts, a fiddle's strident twang, Bright themes fly freely from my grateful mind, And solemn peace around me seems to hang. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. ARITIIMOREM. n acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 3.-Fell instrument of woe and pain, The terror of each youthful mind I When will thy awful torments stop ? When wilt thou cease to be unkind ? Croes Words. and uhear A poet, this, of great renown; 1,, base A famous hero now put down; ,, tone If you neglect to third my con. ,, stayse My fourth, I'm sure, will soon be gone. E. L. HOLLA ND. REBUS. No.4. i AM EVE 38 NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. he letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) Mister Zachary Zany repaired to his couch As the midnight hour sounded from " Ben," d proceeded to fill, from a huge, bulky pouch, A black clay-well, twas white once-but when? rynight, in this way, Mister Zac had a smoke, For was not he a bachelor bold ? s, he was, and since gckle Miss Flirt his heart broke, In his bosom love's flame remained cold. ister Zac from his pipe took a last, loving pull, And then carefully put out the light; h e somehow couldn't sleep, for his head was too full Of strange thoughts, this particular night; or be had a presentiment evil was nigh, Of danger both ghastly and grim, ad these gloomy forebodings, he couldn't tell why, Made him tremble in every limb. 'r'aps the inclement weather conduced to his fears, For the night winds were "sobbing" aloud, hilst the rain from the sky dropped like magnified tears, eIid the moon was concealed by a cloud; Withe bedroom clock's pendulum swung to and fro, d-ith a sound that was dismal to hear; but, there, 'tis a fact, as'gou already know at poor Zachy lay trembling with fear.. hat was that? Mister Zachary sat bolt upright, nd his forehead grew clammy (?) and cold, Atdhe hair on his head changed from yellow to white! And his eyes were a sight to behold. as it Pfnc Dear, no that low patt'ring of feet W too awuolly, terribly reeal ! sirl oh, tell me!I oh,. tell me!I dear friend. I pnti'entt.
'" U 5 s pjlace, poor mnan, you vould feel! A" dhe chamber door opens with violent creak, fnd a form in white garments is seen! I,, oh, what can the ghost in the bedecamber seek P G is strange visit--oh, what does it mean? Soes graciopus1" These words come from Zachary's a glane at the figure he throws; lne . 'tis n.y new lodger Algernon Phipps, And le wals in.his sleep, I suppos IQ A'5CiE."B:', Kentish Town.
CURTAILAMENT. (Drop the fnal letter of a word, leaving another word.) 6.-Gentle maids and courtly knights, Riddling fairs and " Tourney " wights, Smile upon a knight, whose song Pleads a place your lists among. Few the laurels he has won, Yet he pines the mail to don, And, hand grasping pen-sword's hilt, Ride, for beauty's smile, a tilt. In the cause of chivalry, First of heart he'll never be; Far away he throws his woes, Though self-styled " La Lachrymose." Hark I The heralds sound the charge, And th' intruder's heart is large, As be puts his lance in rest, For Fame's sake to do his best. Well repaid indeed he'll be By one smile from Marion T., Reigning o'er the jocund scene, Crowned with bays-the " Tourney's" queen I Well repaid for each endeavour- Each hard bout with warrior clever. Next were he to rest, rewarded, If were one success recorded. LA LAcHRYMiosE. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 7. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below:
ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial-letters of other words) Foundation Word. 8.-L ottie, how oft, in the days that are over, 0 ur pages displayed ample proof of your skill I T hen happy, right happy, are we to discover T he gift of sweet minstrelsy dwells in you still. I n Young Folks of olden our " Tourneys " were ever E nriched with the joyance and grace of your strain; W hile now, e'en your name, like a breeze from the river, B rings fresh to our memory those sweet hours again. El egardiug your con. on our names last September, I n tendering thanks we sincerely accord G ood wishes in plenty, for well we remember IH ow staunchly you've laboured for fame as reward. T hen trusting, dear Lottie, that nothing may sever 0 ur total, let's make it our constant endeavour, 'N eath blue skies and grey, to uphold our " T." ever. Cross WVords. We have counted bards unnumbered That have slumbered Through a space ofyears, While the strain of joyful singers Fondly lingers On our listening ears. 'Midst the noisy sixth and rattle Of the battle, We have lingered long; For the bards who first together In all weather Made a merry throng. We have watched the fast.increasing, Never ceasing, Eager, second train, And the gleam of shining armour Threw its glamour O'er each subtle brain. While our hearts for fame were yearning, Hope was burning, Whisp'ring, "Join the throng," Till the fifths which sang so sweetly Quite completely Moved us into song. Soon we, in our eighth ambition, Sought admission To this final band, Where the bards, so third and clever, Falt'ring never, Seventh through the land. Now we find that we are surely Fourth securely Ninth the bonds of love ; So through calm and stormy weather, We together Ever firm will prove. MALRIoN AND AmY. BETAGiRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-" Escaped the Stygian pool"- Your grace, I ask it. I meant to say, 'soaped the " Waste Paper Basket." I once again before you all appear, Though what to'sing about I'm not quite clear. However, I'll invoke the "Aonian nine " To help me write this precious con, of mine. Here goes: " Oh, every scribbling, singing muse, Come, help me sing. What 4i'ye say ? ye refuse F" "None of your nonsense," said Soltatrix tall; "D'ye think we're always at your beck and callP" 1' waited; then Polymnia said: "You know, We were at tea a little while ago; That is, I mean to say we were at nectar. However, now I'll be your pen. dir~ector." " Thank you," I said, " I don't require your aid, Because I've done, and down my pen is laid; However, you might call some time again, And bring me, if you please, a magic pen; Onewhicl} will write some cons., both gayand nice, Just like the one you gave to ' H. C. Price.' " Ah I since that day my heart with waiting's sick; She never called, again-upon. PATRICK. CONUNDRVM. 10.--Most happily I've hit upon, ' For you,-young folks, a catchy con. , Wihat is it ? Well,.then, ifyou wish, Say why Js Justice like a fish.: . W. G. Smt"soY, Oloum l,
TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.) Foundation Words. 11.-I once went to Melbourne, and liked it so much That I thought I would go there again, But remembered that tar wasn't pleasant to touch, So I thought I would not go again. But the central was staunch, and the finals were smart, And if primals attacked us, could take their own part; But.I couldn't quite make up my mind, sir, to start, So I said I would not go again. But, one morning, my brother said, " Willie, my boy, Would you care to brave ocean again ?" Said I,-"Yes, old fellow; 'twould give me much joy." So I said I would go once again. So I packed up my clothes, stuffed them into a chest, Didn't stop till I'd got to the centrals to rest, And the very same day I was bound to the West; But I don't think I'll go there again. Well, we neared Halifax in a nasty sea-fog- Oh, I don't want to see one again- And we worked by " dead reckoning," heaving the log- And I don't want to "heave" it again. And just on four bells (which you call two o'clock), We felt a most awkward and unpleasant shock, And the boatswain bawled out, " We have struck on a rock !" Oh, I don't want to strike one again I Well, we lugged out our chests, and we made for the land (Which I don't want to " make for" again), Which we hoped was a beach formed of shingle and sand- Oh, I don't wan't to see it again. Our hopes were not shattered-we soon reached the shore, With our garments wet through and ourselves stiff and sore; And I vowed that I "never-no, never, no more " Would go for a sailor again. Cross Words. Mankind, sheep, and cattle are this, and, of course, It would be incomplete if I left out the horse. A lady, whose name is well known to a Greek, I think you will find, if for second you seek. My third is a city, in Servia found; I don't think you'll find it is greatly renowned. My fourth is well known both to you and to me, For we get from this city some excellent tea. Be fifth in your eating a, d drinking, my friend, Or else you will suffer for same in the end. A nice little maiden, so tidy and prim, Who's soon to be wed to my young brother Jim. W. D. PICKERING, Southwark. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 12.-One evening, in the armoury I stood, And gazed upon the many suits of mail, Thinking the while, if only speak they could, Of battle they could tell me many a tale. First, ranged at intervals around the hall, Like spectre knights on guard they seemed to be, Last shadows falling on the polished wall- A weirdly scene at twilight, you'll agree. Absorbed with reverie, I gazed with awe Upon these relics of an age gone by, When, startled by a sound, I turned and saw One of the mail-clad figures drawing nigh I The figure stopped when distant but a pace, And fixed its eyes upon poor trembling me, Then, raising slow its arm towards its face, Its visor raised. What think you did I see P There was revealed-no ghastly, fleshless skull, 0 As I expected fully to behold, But cousin Harry's face, of mirth brimful ! And Hal, 'mid laughter, thus the story told: "Just for a lark the ancient suit I'd donned, When outside, on the stairs, your step I heard; So, knowing that of ghost-lore you are fond, The trick I played right well, upon my word." A. AnnBERLEY. CHARADE. Fformed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 13.-Now, total us, I wish to say I'll first you're sorely vexed Before the answer to this con. You do find out, I next. T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. REBUS. No. 14. ENIGMA. 15.-'Tis called by many different names- Its kind, no doubt, to tell; 'Tis used in many different games- The games you love right well; And yet one name 'tis given by man; That name now give me, if you can. A. W. LUNN.