RIDDLE TOUR NAMENT. MONOPHO10NE. (Words of different mteannitng. but the satne in suonld.)
1.-His infantile tears into icicles frozen, His estival coroual withered and dead, The Year is pursuing the path Fate has chosen, And deiris autumnal encircles his head. There's a beautiful boil on the tip of his nose, And some beautiful corns on the tips of his toes, There's a beautiful rent in the midst of his ho.-e, And away down his back are some beautiful snows. He has left his dark home In the glacier mountains, And stoops to the plain with his glittering rime; He has gathered his fogs from the taickest cloud- fouritails, And hops s iin his snows to envcl. pe our clime- Chuciklcs a chuckle, buckles a buckle, And vows we shall have a most terrible timel He's conco-tine just now a remarkable dish, And conc.crtunl it, tirst. in the iciest quarter; I've preacredl it myself-'tis a kettle of tislh- Only roer had the ::sh, and I the hot water! The 'ver he i,, :es, purs the k, us in his pocket, And whir:s r,,:u i the rocks, though not one has a socket ; '.L ri:s a irgele, wriggles a wriggle, And fit to tir th, eilds like a hundred-p.ow'r rocket, For . ea:l sos sanw next strter below, Cheoke up th. al:eys, the park. uand the row, " That people," quoth he, " abroad shall not go; But chlad' "--he gave third astonishing twirls- "That. impudent boys may not kiss the - His arts have held for forty hours. And we have wirues-°e- forty sbow'rs, Indeed, so thlkly lies the s-now That jack and bln:her sink below. Old Year expects we have expired, And prowiIs about in frost attired, Till ringing from some Christmas lire, This soug proclaims we're quite alive. (Boys.) " Once more from the forest we've taken the holly, Once more 'neath the mistletoe taken a kiss; And, comparing the scarlets of holly and Polly, We prefer much the lat-- Mighty stars! what a hiss :" (Girl.) " Such dozens of verses, of favours, of gloves, From chivalric knights who would thd:e for our sake! Such dzeons of pies we've been making-the loves!- We soon shall be eating our own "- (Boys.) " Wedding cake!" (Both.) " But where can we find the delights of the seas, ii Detail-d for our I leasure in masterly strokes? When h.Il y has withered. pre~-entitg our reason With pictuires vivaciJus i In Christmas Young "W. A. CooPEn. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The inal letters. as well as the lunlt:ls, form a word, or words.) Cross Word;. 2.-I n puzzle lists at Christmas-time W n* m,'-t oice more. A riddle Irhyme I nofer here, god friends and truc, So -,: whi:e I ta!k to you. It1 ow .r-t we second ts appeair, Y on In n,, when we assemble here! (1 ur curts. ar- carefaily tudited: ' seies, to 'ay we're not excited, A s every third. with eager face, L o..ks for an h- nourable place. L et not our rhymes be fourth to day, A t least, we shouldt be bright and gay. V euice, the fairy-like, I see, E uitrnucing place wherein to be! R ing throurh the air. while flashing by, Y on hear the gondollero's cry; H ow blue the sky aed soft the air! A scene so charming and so fair P asses description. Now convey, P lease, friends, your thoughts to England. Stay Y our footsteps there, for once again C hristmas we celebrate. A strain H ow joyful sounds, with glad refrain ; R iiht merry is the carolling. I ndoors the yule-log now they bring. S end for some evergreens-'tis late- T he rooms we uright to decorate. Make haste with next. 'Tis six, I fear, A nd all the gues's will soon be here. S ee what line ho:ly! and also D o-wn there are hiaps of mistletoe. E xcuse me, friends, but will you eat A seventh ? It is nice and sweet, R ight I should be to call it last. R eally the months slip by so fast, I t scarcely Christmas einhth doth seem- D o tell me, riddlers, if I dream ? I) elicious odour-, now arise, L ike spices various and ni-e: E xcitiug moment ! for behold ! R ich, with large raisin= manifold. S mokes the round pudding as of old ! Foundation Words. " A merry Christmas-bright New Year," I wish to every riddler dear; And tIe Foundation Wrrds ti-il name What's heard at every Chrietmuas Caine. LorrTE W., Brighton. ACROSTIC. (A ord.or words, fJrm'-d o the initial letters of other wor;la.) Cross WlorrLs. 3.-The primal was hearty, and third was as prompt As it is upon ei-grth such occasion, For Christmas rnc more smil'd so sweetly on all Andr round the great fifth quite a numerous throng Were all seated, for dinner was ready ; And fourt-hs ninth the youngsters proclaim'd that the c ok Was in sight with the pudding already. A sixth flame danced round the much-coveted mass, And illumin'd the gay, joyous faces; All sevenths look'd eager, and second were months- 'Twas a picture to vie with " The Graces !" Foundation Word. 'Tis the pride of old England, and lov'd by us all, The gay Chr:stmas Day treat that so well does instal ,Itself e'er as a welcome and much favour'd guest, ,For of all our delights it is really the best. J. HumEr, Dundee. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of aL word to sorn, ,nothe-.) 4,-I come to crave a little sxace, which I do 1i pe you'll give co ice, Now joy anl hope are on each face, and co'ry heart is filled with glee. I'm sure you will not turn aside or giw. tro i: a listless ear. Though ne'er before my worth you'ver.e.l. Oh! listen, listeu, Edy., dear; I know you've frieols who are not few, I : -.r:v they're better far tlhan I; I know they're tried, are sinn and tru-s; liut yet I come with hopeful eye. I do niot fe-ar the sentence th-t you may pass on imy little con., For justice al will surely at your hands e'er get-ay, ev'ry one; It is not that which makes me fear-it is my own un- worthiness. But can you give me, Edy., dear, a place ? Oh ! say you - can--say yes! . h'ow that the Christmas firsts have come, and all around S is joy and mirth, And ev'ry heart looke towards its home now bliss is witnessed o'er the earth, The lasts which bind each ta its own are now seen stronger than was thought. Gi.c me that joy which some have known-say 'tisn't in vain that I have sought I P. A. Wanaos., Ballyhaunia.
AR ITHTIORElf. (An acrostic. Te etters of cross w rlds that are ltonian numerals exprssaed in tgures.) Foundation Word. 5.-The trees are leaflese, gaunt, and bare, And cold and chilling is the air; The dreary fog, the snow, and rain, Tell us that thou art come again. Cross Words. 1,102 and aw Belongs to a man. 502 ., an A land far away. 101 ,, en That's a third fan; Who gave it you, May ? 1 ,, gret An animal wild. 501 ,, tore A person you know. 1,000 ,, ero This city was piled Long ages ago. S. W. H!AYrs, Worcester. METAGRAM. (Chanit the first letter of a wrd tL. form another word.) 6.-Old Christmas is coming-hurrah ! hurrah !- And gladly we hail him at:in. Old Christmas is coming--l.urrah! hurrah!- And jollity brinlis iu h~. train. Glad season of p lines aid the sweet mistletoe, When the yule-iog imparts to our faces a glhw. EIail! hail: to thee, Christimas! thou monarch of snow I All hail! Father Christmas, to thee! Old Christmas is coming-lhurrah hurrah - And glad tidings with hinm doth bring ; Old Christmas is coming-hurrah! hurrah'!- And goodwill now reigns like a king! Well iay we be second at this jovial time, Though this be the season of frost and of rime, All within every hl meste:ld speaks pleasure sublime. All hail! Father Christmas, to thee! ll.uIni.uGTO ArNrD M]'DNoCunII.
k.: '~' U]: it'- /i~~ lTg~ 'c < -~ 3, hlv' -j SI .E flIR' UFCG ln·r~ OI
DOUIILE ACROSTIC. Fr"n .iatinn Words. 7.-3ring in jistletoe and holly, lansh gloom and melancholy, For it is so very jolly Decorating up the room. Come, now, Annie. Tom, and Harry; Come, now, wake up, do not tarry; Help the garde ner to carry In the green, and then resume Each your work of decoration. Come, now, each one to his station, All are tilled with jubilation At the w,,rk which we have done. Then we'll act charade; ask riddle; Dance to strains of harp and fiddle; Bow, retire, corme up the middle. Oh! it will be jolly fun! Cross Words. I took my rod and tackle to the stream, But only caught a primal and a bream. The moon is out. and I feel very vexed- My horrid dog does little else but next. The fruit is scarcely third, so, Master Will, You mustn't eat it, or you will be ill. A mighty empire nearly all our own; A part of which is in the torrid zone. Two pretty girls named Anne and Clarice Gray Are blithe and happy all the livelong day. The only cross word I could find for this i/as this canton, which we may reckon Swiss. About a seventh William Shakespeare writes; He pleased his wife by telling of his fights. I certainly am next, you'll all allow, Or I should not be writing this con, now. The bold, true-hearted finals, I admire; And to be reckoned with them I aspire. W. D. PIrcxERmN. CONUNDRUM. 8.-Dear riddlers, don't be shy; But guess the reason why A miller wears a whitish hat ? Be certain, if you try, A motive you'll descry, And give an answer plain and pat. EL:,o Mus.
M1ETA GRAM. 9.-Merrily, merrily, bells are ringing, Ringing afar in the sunset's gold n glow; Merrily, merrily, children singing, Rapidly gliding o'er the glittering snow. Oh! for the merry-making and the madness, Oh ! for each smiling face denoting gladness. Roseate hues to each pale cheek the cold winds are bringing, Greet, then, this season's return with a cheerily 0 ! Merrily, merrily, boys are sending Numerous shouts of joy on the frosty air; Merrily, merrily, homeward weudiug. Dragging the Christmas tree to the dear ones there. Oh! for the many hearts so fondly beating ! Oh ! for the welcome home and loving greeting! While an additional charm to the scene Sol is lending, Seeking to first in the last in a brilliant glare. Merrily is the music stealing, Move we our feet to the strains sounding sweet and low; Now a fair maid her dismay is concealing, Blushing at kisses received 'neath the pale mistletoe. Oh ! for the burst of mirth which comes just after I Oh! for the curly heads that shake with laughter ! While through the house a sweet chorus of voices is pealing, Greeting this season's return with a cheerily O ! MAuION L. TAYLoR, Birkenhead. C1A tAL)E. (Formed on a word emcli syllable of which is a word.) 10.-With my first you may write or make a mark, 'Tis made of all colours, both light and dark; A kind of enclosure for fowls and sheep, When in confinement you wish them to keep. My next of a mount is the well-known name, And the Bible, you'll find, proclaims its fame; My rchoec is a reward often given to men Who have nobly used their brain and their pen. W. VoLAN, 'lonmel.
DOUBLE ARITTIIMOREM. -;i acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals exPressed in liures.) Foundation I'ords. 11.-Behold a vessel on the main, Surrounded by the billows high; And lightning with a glare again Illuminates the cloudy sky; And crashed the thunder o'er her there. The tempest shrieked amidst the shrouds, And on the deck assembled were The crew and passengers in crowds. A mighty sea swept o'er the deck, And carried off a dozen men, And made the ship a h. peless wreck, When, joy I I'm seen approaching then. Thus those who think that death is nigh, Oft to the shore I safely hear The hopeless men, and to the sky They offer up of thanks a prayes. Cross Words. 51 and mb That you and I possess it, Nobody can deny. 502 ,, ngo A well-known colour-guess it- In second we descry. 50 ,, rosa A pretty Christian name is My third, I'm very sure. 1,001 ,, tenen A word that meaneth fame is My final. An revoir. J. A. MAnsHALL. ENIGMA ON NAMES. 12.-A favourite chant when I was young Was in the village choir sung. Upon the music page appeared The title of a man whose strains My heart with sweet emotion cheered, And which on mem'ry still remains. In later years at school I found The names of other men renowned, Amongst them, one distinguished stood, For feats of arms and battles won; Who wre in din of war endued With seiU and courage ne'er outdone. In youthfunl mood, 'twas strange to me That of these men, the one should be Inh.pired - "weet Apollo's song, And ' .in peace and music one; The u er, Mar's red deeds among : Concord with sire, and strife with son. R. C. LoveLESS, Birmingham.
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-I suppose it's because I am older in years That Christmas less mightily merry appears. Its approach used to gladden my second and eyes, But the joys of the past I have learnt to despise, Fror (hen thoughts of cakes and of oranges sweet Used to make my brain whirl, and my joy was complete, But the bliss of snapdragon has vanished, forsooth- I thnu was a boy; but I now am a youth. The holly nailed up gets a casual glance, But I glide 'ucath the mistletoe waiting a chance; I just taste the pudding, and then the mince-pies I can't help enjoying-but 'tis with my eyes. For I rise from the table, and mimic a yawn, And say, " I will just have a whiff on the lawn" (The weather permitting). Which would seem uncouth Its said by a boy; but I've grown to a youth. My pride-not my joy-is immensely enhanced, For pa his permission has kindly advanced, And I smoke with the " grown-ups," and sit by the first, On all the new topics appear to he versed; And I third conversation I never should third, If I joined in the prattling of youngsters absurd. I've grown out of light-hearted prattling, forsoth: It's all right for buys, but, you see, I'm a youth. Oh! Christmas, dear Christmas, how changed youea appear ! There once was a time when I thought you so dear; But now cigarettes I m.oy smoke, and sip port, And converse with the " grown-ups "-of course, so I ought. But sometimes askance I look out of my eye, And the youngs' oer so blitheseme and merry espy, And wish- No, I don't! I'm not telling the truth: I'm not now a boy, I've grown up to a youth. H. C. PRICE. Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. &T"heletters of a word are tranesposed, and form another word I, the loirrativil.1 14.-Again deep sunk in melancholic thought, Born of the peace that solitude has brought, I sit and idly muse upon the past, O'er which her glamour Memory has cast. Yet why we look with a regretful eye Upon t he acts and scenes of days gone by, Seems passing strange; true, days of long ago Br ught not the troubles we at present know. And if our childish cares seemed then immenrse, Our time passed in light-hearted innocence. What though the present, that was future lien, Brings no expected pleasures to our ken, Why should we o'er the past despondent pore, Unheeding what the future has in store For those who, though ahead no prospect's seen, Press on, despite the obstacles between Them and their goal ? for each one shapes his fate- Not destiny decides who shall be great- And life's philosophy is " work and wait." D. Gow. METAGRAAMS. 15.-Antique the subject of my modest rhyme, When I announce: the dawn of Christmas-time. Yes; once again, with all the former joy, King Christmas comes to veteran, and to boy, And ev'ry dame and lass, whose business It is, beneath the mistletoe, her sweetheart to carcess! And now the festive time again is here, We have no room for thoughts of ginger beerl Nor do we sigh because the wind will not, And fan ourselves-declaring we are hot, Unless we pile too high the log of Yule, And close all doors and windows, as, at this time,'lii the rule. Let's hail the " Kiug"-mayhap these lines will do, Because they make us feel a little blue: "King Christmas, welcome I Let each nose be lost Because you've brought a seasonable frost, Because the cold is painful, and 'tis meet That you should pinch that feature bold as some folti pinch their feet l" But jokes aside, although this is the time To find them in the commonplace of rhyme, Accept from me, dear readers, this advice: WV hen you are with a party, first and nice, Abstain from that old story-very wrong- That in your head you've got a cold, but haven't gots song ! Let's make the Christmas-tide of 'eighty.three A merry time of smiles and jollity' Let us, whose purses will permit the strain, Remember those the " King" but taunts again, When, in his advent, they're beholden here, In poverty to spend the next that should contain "good cheer." What is a day of glad festivity To tlihoe who still their wretch'd condition see? With all the old existence to assume A sadder aspect and a deeper gloom ? Unless-ah ! blessed diversion !-man decides To open unto them his heart, where love, we know, abides. T. J. VAsDERPc-r. 16.-" A welcome to Spring," the first time of the year, When the snow has all gone, and the violets appear, When the singing of birds makes the woods to resound, And Nature's awakened, and smiles all around. "A welcome to Summer" comes next in my strain, When the fields are aglow with the ripening grain; When the trees are full next in their mantle of green, And the flowers and fruits in rich splendour are seen. " A welcome to Autumn," I heartily, say, As I ramble about on a fresh Autumn day; And the song of the reaper floats over the fields, As his long gleaming sickle he sturdily wields. " A welcome to Winter," f..r Christmas is near, A season of joy to mankind ever dear; When hand clasps in hand, as old friends meet again, And peace and goodwill with sweet influence reign. C. F. BArER, Ramsgate. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 17.-Two Young Folks friends of riddling fame, Will each behold in this his name. Oh! long may they our weekly race With their bright wit and wisdom grace. Cross Words. A battle-field this first will be, Famous in British history. Second will be a common bird That's very often seen and heard. This odd old schoolmaster we'll raise Up out of one of Shakespeare's plays Great Alexandra's prisoner fair, Of Persian race and bemuty rare. Sail to the north, and, if you please, Find fifth among the Hebrides. A plant is sixth, of bitter taste; Amoug the list of herbs 'tis placed. For last, if you will tax your mind, A town in Munster you can find. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 1S.--Thlis is the very first where John and I Long, long ago. played next with childish glee, Oh ! how I hate to bid a last good-bye To scenes like this, so very dear to mel W. G. SnrPson, Dublin.