RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ARITHI-IOREMI. (An acrustic. Thelettors sofcros' words that are Itoman nuxnura(ý ezpr~tuuct 111 lKUrci.) 1'vujiiitwn Wonrd.
1.-In many a bosom dust thou lie, Gnawing thy keeper's hieart ; Pilling the air, the earth, the sky With fears that make him start; Hov'riug in shapeless fuorms of dread, Through the dark hours of night, Over his sleepless form in bed. I'utting strange fancies in his head, Making him shake in fright. Cross Words. 1,201 and u, ,-: Isn't it joy to see a toy Pleasing a little baby boy? 1,01 ,, pure A person to whose sole decision A controversy is referred ; The winners praise his muental vision, The losers think himt most absurd. 1,153 ,, lybe The doctor sighed as if he had Some thoughts which made him very sad; lie seemed to think the case was bad ; Of course it was--the muau was i.oad. 1,5.' ,, I Transparent and clear as a stream may be, Which fishermnen seldom delight to see. 1,U. 1 ,, t.r..eu What 1 must now do to this riddle of nlmine. I've nothiiig to say in the finishing line. 11. C. Pnlci:, Southwark. DELETION. ( Drop a letter fromi the iord chioen, . iasvli ,notllher word.) 2 -Will Jawker was a handsome little swell, \VWho loved to catch the world's admiring stare, When, at a city concert or a ball, His lovely tenor voice he used to air. But, quite of course, success procured hitm foes, Aud oue (a cuuniug fellow in his way) Awaited but the faintest sort of chance To turn the siniger's fame the other way. Accordingly, one evening, at a ball, He placed soine cobbler's wax upon the chair Which kindly friends next saved for Jawker's use. And when the mighty singer, with a gla e Of pride, arose with gracefnl bound to sing, The chair rose with hinm, 'mid deriding cheers From all who formed that highly-cultured ring. Down flopped poor Jawker faster than be rose, Down went the chair with lightning movrement, too; Will stiuggled first to extricate himself, But, fiuding all was vain, looked cry! blue. At last one mighty final spring lie made, Exerting strength he'd never used before, When, breaking tromn hitm, over dropped the chair, And down sat wretched Jawker on the floor! F. U. Wi:tn, Southwark. NARRATIVE BETAGRAIM. (C rlan¢e the sc. id l. .!tir . ,f a i i l. n to f r ill ni t lier wtl orl d,ri - ti-sd ill the i Trira tti vi.i '.--The nitiht was very d:u'k and bltt It corld; A sinLle lamp was all the street ,'ould boost, Andi by its rays you dimly could behold A solitary figure at the most. -- ?,'minlh r of the law, that's very plain; Andl as lie paces, shivering, his beat, To >tell into the Eagle he is taiu. 'I'To have a glass and warm.l his frozen feet. Iii. ha ! A ragged urchiu lie espies : llis business, then, for being out at niirit I)uiiiands to know. The frighitenid nrchiin cries, And struggles to get free with all his miihlt. Policeman : " lie must be a thief, no doubt. Of me to let hint go would be a sin." The u rchin : " I was only running out "- -- Policemanl : ' Silence ; I will run you in." S\ILtoon Ks icuHT, Keolti ugton. TRANSPOSITION. ITranslosic the letter'ls in a woad to fI,rl alnother word.) -.,-- Love is perilouis !-oIi, lbewaro The .ilkeun lireadl of the scattnail's hair, As it sweeps o'er the coral rock l 'T"s yellow sand on a tprlumal redl - A quicksand to thine own tremulous tread ! 'Tis a mock ! See! the waves fornu churchyard graves, Under the lunar light; 'Neath each low mound lies a gallant drowned, 'Witched by a wanton sprite. There they last them, There they cast them, There the winds sweep sadly past them. I've seen the sea-foam, piure as tow, Gleamn from a rising crest; But mnermiaid forms still whiter glow, Borne on the ocean's breast. Oh, look not, then, at her 'trancing eyes, At the fluttering play of her fairy guise, At the sea-flower wreath that round her flies. Seek the love-star in the west, In her sparkling beauty dressed; Breathe a prayer and watch the way Framed in silver by her ray. Down the scintillating beamm Maidens fair shall brightly stream ; And the foremost maid shall be Thine own ttue love come to thee. Then will the mermaids' shriek Their battled cunning speak, And furious whirls and rushing curls succeed thl i: inmauners nleek ; And shark-like forms shall show, In phosphorescent glow, The real frame of those that ca~ue to work thee direful woe. W. A. CootPFIt. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. . (Tie letters of a word are tlraIsposed, nlid forl aniuotlher word ii the Ils , l; ltive.) 5. My cup of despair is full up, overflowing, I scarcely know what I am doing or saying, Compelled for to listen to .olmel follows' blowing Ou instruments which the; imagine they're playing. I wish from this village that they wouhld be goin,;, I ue'er can lie happy while here they are st yinig And if they woult leave, I. my gratitude showing, Their "cost of removal " would gladly be paying. The fellow next door has a drum, and each morn i, Is awful to hear him the echoes awakiung; Another breaks in with a row on a cornet,. Till leave of my senses I almost am taking. Though all this in silent subjection I've bore,. it Will surely ere long my poor reason be l lkingi; Though fighting is low, and as such I would sc :in it, Yet some of their heads I shall surely be breakling. Aty brain's in a whirl; all is chaos, confusiot ; I think I'll enlist, or across the wide oceat I'll sail in the fine clipper barque Andalusian, Or else in the A 1 at Lloyd's, Nova Scotian; Or, perhaps, I'll be able to find sweet seclusion Oni some de-ert island, anud there I've a notion That I shall be able to write an effusion Untroubled by this everlasting commotion. CIIARADES. (Formne on a word eacll iytlltble of which ii worl.l 6.--My first is a particle small of wood, . simple four.lettered word; My next is an implement ofttimes nused With more success than the sword. MIy ltst is a portion of dry. cured meat, 'That you've eaten full oft, I ween; IMy irhole discloses an English town ;Ilhat in WViltshire is surely seen. DEmSANCHIES. 7.-In Oc;'t a worlkman's tool is seen; Me crce:J sis the same; Ci inline thile two, and yet, I ween, A workOiIn's tool I name. ANsi SauITna, Gresley.
MuNOUiHIUNE. (Words of liftorellt inmeaingr but the aLsme in S,, 8.-I know the rose is very sweet, The violet's swell is quite a treat Yet first's a flower that both can i Sweet-smelling mignnohtti . The lily is both pure and fair, 'The 1tausies perfume the still air, Yet this from both the palm ant be Sweet-smelling mtignonette. The daisies on the meadows green, The but tercups with golden shbeC, Ack no .ledge you to be ne::t qllset, Swvett-smelling mignonette. G. A. Josns, Li'er ACROSTICS. A 'word, or words, formed o: tlhe nitial letters ,f other i .. Foatadatioa lVord. 9.--'Twas snmuuer, and the day wa; ine, When off he set, with rod and lic:e Towards the sheet of water blue, Where sport awaited him, he ku new iHe launched his boat and set the siil, And all went well until a gale O'ertook his craft when lntlew,'rd h0L' And he was very nearly drowned. Cross Wlords. I first a maid namel second, deeply, purely. Upon her all my heart is fixed must surely. The straniger next refused to meet Sir Howa n Which caused him to be branded as ar cward. I gave a final of surprise and wonder, And then there came a noise as loud a= theuIit; S. W . Hlart.s, \Vr..ec'.. Fotu inftior ll',ld. 10.-My initial letters plainly state A cc talry known-one time 'tw:t -rean* Alth.'.uh they may have changed Its lo e They Le'er can blight its ancient fae. ' Cross Words. In first you'll find a riddling miss; A Iody's muni suffice for this Al aciet, t emblenm third will be; A bird that ne'er sang on a tre. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. ;'he final letters., as well is the intials., fom t'o ndation eords. 11.-Dolls are these to little sisters, Hir-ies to your brothers, Pr, try lockets to your sweetlhear:., Children to their mothers. Some are fond of pearls and ruble', Othertl like new dresses; Some will dote on, trashy nove!i Some on sweethearts' tresc.-. Cross Words. It is very sad indeed When you see a friend in nee!. To her swain the timaiden s·1'. '" When it's second, we will .: :. 'Tis a tmeos delicious fruit, Ev'rybody's taste will suit. (n tlhe river Boyne 'tis fornd; Fur a battle 'tis renowned. 'Thlere's not an enid to everlhtlin; For instaUce, take a weddLi._ru. Yon have heard of him, perc'i:tl, Famnous cardinal of Fra c.. (irows iin 'arden aund in fieli, Sweetest pertumoe will it yill. Th'Itnghi he does his best to t,:vean, lie is not at all tit case. Very useful these at, niglt, When you want to get :t li:t. W . D. rla ...:: -.,Se:tth,- Founldation TVi,ri. 12.-Speed the thing on. Welcome the man. Cross WIords. Enjoyment in my presence dwells, wi,euc'er I'm he to trill; But if it be with Scots about, they really can't keepsti My second is- But never miud ; I canno.tt teil,p see; But if this liu you'll not accept, I think you this weili A city, once of great renown, in India you must :ad; But if you read these words aright, 'twill bring it your mind. Up anl downl, tip and down, and along me they do e, Often fast., sharp, and strong, and somietinles very xla I've tried it many times and oft, but still it I aut bi nlt ; For if I shouted all my might, the answer was the sta In melancholy I am seen, in grief you imnr me trate; Yet, if I was to speak the truth, I've rolled en everyl Sn'si.eu, Warrigtouf MIETAGR1AMS. (Chan!re the first letter of a worl it fourn ano)t r w,,rdJ 13.-Freshly blows the morning breeze, Glides the streamlet gently in, Warbling birds are in the trees, Giving forth their merry song; Teenming with joy and life all Nature seenms, While the glad earth basks in the sun' wirm a h.ams Other climtes, they say, are fair, Fairer far than this of ours : Nor can our simple buds comlsire With fair Arabia's od'rotts floters. Bunt give me, onil a lovely summer morn, This splendid country where I have been Loln. Nor is peaceful evening hour Without varied charms to me, When the first, with subtle powcer, Dark'niug over land and sea, Dispels the secondl, and the nightingal. Comes out to tell again his oft-repeated t.10-, There are many pretty nexts To be seen ii every land ; Very many splendid texts May ),e ta'eu from Nature's ]and, If the book of Nature by a thoughtful eye is ~ But inow I ceasa by wishing joy to all the riddlii 14.--1'rietds in school, and mates a' play, ,tindtl in bonds of friendship fast, htiatpy all the livelong day, 'lhey'll remain so to the last. Later, when in manhood's pri>e, Comrades as in days of yosre, Those two heroes stem life's tlid, Staunch friends to the very core. After toiling hard through life, Settled first are both at last. Free from all the troublous st!'ife, Fondly dwelling on the past. Though both now are old and cirey, Still they live and love togetier, Smtiothing each the othler's wrl. . Still linked fast by frieldsh6ies tether. Conscious they have done the:r best, Reaping what in days g'one t'y They have next by toil, they rest Happy-so they live end die. i F. C. Bor.HinTEc, Shorsij-