RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS. IOh thn e first letter of a sword to form another word.) . -... .. 4-1... : รท ,.. .-7 ..... ... . ^.
-Oh, Jennie, dear J eunie, roe terarrops are roiling in show'rs uncontrollable down each pale cheek, And though your sweet note for a time was consoling, Ily Jrst bursts afresh, and I feel I must speaK. Oh, sister, bend forward a moment, and let me Just whisper the trouble that's racking my brain: Ifear me the bards in the " T." will forget me, For somehow of late I am not "in the vein." Oh, Jennie, dear Jennie, I know I'm impulsive, And so when I read of your swift-flowing pen, I sat down dejected and sighed most convulsive For Musa to pay me a visit again. Though once of ideas I had quite a profusion, Yet, sister, not even their shadows remain ; And when to my silence kind friends make allusion, I groan in my anguish, "I'm not 'in the vein.' " Oh, Jennie, dear Jennie, I'm just broken-hearted; The skies are so grey that were once bright and blue ; 'Tie fully a month since the Muse and I parted, So, sister, a theme I would final from you." I've tried every cure you have kindly suggested- I've fallen in love, dear, again and again; 3y heart, hopes, and talents-my all-I've invested, And still, sister mine, I am not " in the vein I" MAnioN L. TArLOn, Birkenhead. 2.-Come, fill ap-your glasses, And drink, lads, with me, And think not with care of to-morrow; Let us merrily laugh, Whilst our ale we quaff, And banish all thoughts of first sorrow. Come, fill up your glasses, Come, fill to the nest, And drink to the pride of our lives; So wish long life and health, And plenty of wealth, To bonny young sweethearts and wives. F. ALLInBN, London. 3,-The sun was slowly sinking down, And tinged the west with gorgeous red; And then night, like a large, black gown, Spread over earth, and all seemed dead; And then from out this darkness burst The gentle moon with silver ray, And all, that lately seemed so first, Seemed bright once more, as if by day. Thus is the life vee live below : Many a man's lot has been cast In pain and poverty ; when, lo I Dame Fortune's gifts poured on his last. R. W. M'DONNELL. Dublin. RIDDLERS' NAMES 3NIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. ,.-I dreamed of a grandly rugged hill, Whose summit was crowned with flow'rs, And pearly pa.aces all might fill Who strove in this world of ours. And many were there who'd braved the height With never a fond look down; Who roamed 'mid the flow'rs, in robes of light, And each with a fadeless crown. All dazzled mine eyes: my gaze I bent On the climbing crowd below; And foremost were those of the "Tournament" My heart was so proud to know. 1. A Forester's bride came first, beside A knight of the goose and thread., I, Then two who were four, did we divide Their names as some wag hath said: Two lasses then and two lads we'd quiz. 3. For whom " Scots hae bled" came next, Withiu just an ace of such, that is, If Fred will excuse the text. 4. And there was a saint so free from blame. 3. A son the reverse of warm. 6. A miner, and he of harpist's name. 7. Whose other no pun could storm. ,. With arrow and bow, " to be" strove one, 9. A driver came, whip ighand. 10. One knight with a spider's work, outrun Still more of that goodly band. Anl one was enthroned in cosy chair, Who cheered them with voice so free, "O I onward I" he cried," Fame's crown to wear I" He, "1:d." of our Y. F. P. RosA B. ENIGMAS. i.-As Phoebus with his golden beams Does melt the scattered snow, Dissolves the late congealing streams And makes the water flow, So I dissolve the tender heart And melt the humble breast; I do kind charity impart To all that are distressed. When raging seas the vessels dash Towards the bending skies, 'While thunders roar and lightnings flash, I gaze with swimming eyes. Or when grim death with fury flies The parent's life to take, Ion the orphan cast mine eyes, And ne'er can him forsake. I in affliction bear a pnrt- I'm of the mournful train. tIay I, dear maiden, grace thy heart, And ever there remain ? E. JosnsoN. 6leIm underground, in the busiest spot, I go round and round-quick work is my lot; Allsrt early morning, and stop late at night; Al shops, gay to you, are hid from my sight. iA ldow, clever riddler, on my name alight. G. PUDNiErx. o LOGOGRIPH. dand twhnich may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole re~tiontrspoioiLUon,. but leaves a perfect word after each 7.-A Christian name of letters four ; To it please add one letter more, Then you've a title and a name, The first and last being both the same. Retmove the centre if you will, A title you will find it still; Once aain replace the centre, Behead, curtail, and now I venture The female name that here appears tas been a name for many years. It may seem strange to hear me say A n lio may read it either way- A mepalmo ;e: but in this line almost told this riddle of mine. J. LEIao. dfeMONOPHONE. SWordso dfterent meaninu, but the same in sound.) 8'~- irst what you are wanting now- ou knew me years ago; 'Twas at the ,tert side, when my brow Was just as white as snow. C. F. BAOK3Ua.
TRANSPOSITIONSB. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 9.-A poet was he, we could not but admit, And one who called forth admiration, Writing odes to the moon, through the night he would sit, Till he won first a wide reputation. His long curling locks were a source of much pride, Although barbers looked on with derision; He rolled his dark eyes, and he moaned, and he sighed, For he deemed life a sad, fleeting vision. When present at parties (I saw him at one), While others were pleasant and jolly. He'd always sit second, disdaining the fun, For he did not approve of such folly. Now, I hope this description will not meet his eye- That he ne'er o'er the " Tournament" muses; For, though dwelling beneath a remote Southern sky, He the pages of Young Folks peruses. CLAS BOEHMER, 10.-In a nate little cabin just down by the strame That runs through the County Kilkenny, Lives a dear little widdy, and Mary's her name, And I like that name better than any. She's a little pertater patch just out behind, Wid a bordher for flowers around it; And if any one happiness ever can find, Sure Mary Maloney has found it. First it happens, whenever a sale or a fair Is held at the town of Clonourry, The shortest out to it is just over there, An' of course I've no reason to hurry. My donkey hee-haws to the pig and the fowl, An' the pigan' fowl answer their crony; If bastes talk to each other, why, then, be me sowl, I'll spake to sweet Misthress Maloney. One day I said to her, "I don't like your name; Why cannot ye change it, me honey P" She blushed as she answered, " Oh, Dennis, for shame I To object to the name of Maloneyl" " Faith, Mary," I said, " I think mine is the best l" Wid that, sure, she started a-crying; For all that, she consented to set me at rest, To become my neat Mary O'Brien. R. H. BUNIALL, Southwark. CHARADES. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 11.-Within a room three maids were sitting, Chatting, smirking, o'er their knitting; They gossiped long, looked wond'rous wise, Forgetting not to criticise. A lengthy web was deftly spun Around some harmless, guileless one: Each little point was magnified Until the maids were horrified. In pious horror slow said she, The eldest of the ancient three: " As I was first adowu the street, This forward thing I chanced to meet. " And true as I am sitting here- True as I drink this sip of beer- Ah, better beer's not in this town Than this you brew, good Mistress Brown, " Well, to my tale: I really saw Within her hand what, by the law, I'd tax when with a lady seen, In city, street, or village green. "When Ponto dear, with playful grace, Tore from her dress some worthless lace, She used on the poor creature's back My second long, with heartless whack. " As though she'd done a doughty deed, She twirled it gaily round with speed; Then ta'pping it on every stone, Went off to get repairs at home." Of late the charming female mind Unto my whole has been inclined. Am I correct, or do I dream T Now wielding it are ladies seen P If it be so, well, free's the day; Who shall this privilege gainsay P Unless it be the spinsters three, Unlike the sly old maids of Lee. MAX. 12.-My primal is a Christian name Possessed by man or boy; My second comes with every pain, And centres in annoy; While final is of any age, A parent's hope and joy. In total you will see a name That needs no praise of mine, For throughout Merrie England It honestly doth shine; One clue-he wrote a famous tale That cheers the heart like wine. CHRIsBTLLA P. CHELM 13.-Above your head my first behold, In summer-time or winter cold, And when you do the same there see, It is a hght, you will agree. Now, in the river you will find My second, just you bear in mind Some people for it often wish, And of it they will make a dish. M]y whole you'll find becomes a bird Whose song is very often heard. J. TnimBEr. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-M y voice till now has never sung A tribute to the " Tourney's " queen; R emiss in duty now it seems I very certainly have been. O h. blame me not, fair queen, I pray; N ot wilfully did I delay- Believe my words, I pray. T oken of my regard, I bring A song-'tis weak enough, I vow; Y on know the thought which prompts it, so L et that for all its faults allow. O nly remember that I would R hyme sonnets to you if I could- Don't you believe I would P Asews A. RoYSTro, Sheffield. ANAGRAMS ON FAMOUS POETS. 15.-You saw yen brave man standing in the battle, While round him steel did clash and cannon rattle. Seat Kate upon a chair, and then we'll see What is the message she has brought to me. No, Tim left the house quite an hour before; We heard him when he banged the outer door. Come round to where I live, at eight -to-night, And I will see that these things are put right. A dirty, ragged fellow stopped me, and Implored me to give him a helping hand. I hope persuasion will show 'is a fact, But if it does not, you kuow how to act. Then burst into his view a foaming steed, Alongthe road coming with headlong speed. SNay, give me but the money that4you owe- 'Tis all I ask-and I will quickly go. IVANHOE, Belfast.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another wordJ 16.-He came to London full three years ago, In covered carriage, with a pair of horses, Although (I might as well now let you know) He had been living on his many losses. Yet though lie's been in London quite three years, Trafalgar-square, St. Paul's, the grand Museum, The House of Commons, and the House of Peers, He'd never seen-and had no heart to see 'em. Why, who, and what, and where was this recluse P Was he so blind to London's mtny beaut.ies, That he should so persistently refuse To see them P-but perhaps our taste don't suit his. Well, no; he once possessed a lot of cash And spent it-quioker far than he obtained it- In luxury, and cut an awful dash, And when he found that none Of it remained, it Put him in a fix, and first he borrowed, But never paid his debts-ah, now you smile- And when last caught him-he it was who sorrowed. He's been in Newgate Prison all the while! W. D. PICKERING, Southwark. 17.-That brevity is the soul of wit, No.riddler will deny; So first second third to catch last here, Methinks I've scored a try. AGONISTES, ARITHMOREM. (An oarostio. Theletters of croas words that are Roman numerals expressed in grures.) Foundation Words. 18.-Primals below will give a riddler's name- A lady riddler, too, who long has tried To gain a place near to the throne of fame, Where sits our queen in all her queenly pride. Cross Words. 605 and aasn This merns to go forward. 1 ,, gnth The next was so dark. 101 ,, cen This maiden was cautioned. 2 ,, tueg 'Tis done by a spark. 1,001 ,, ange The name of a riddle. 601 ,, or We went for a next. 56 ,, eo eHere, seventh, come here now, 50 ,, eyu This tide is the best. 100 ,, has Long this I remember 101 ,, krts The next that we played 550 ,, o With this uncle Darvil, 1,001 ,, nnog When last off he strayed. J. G. NICHOLLs, Milton. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 19.-My first they will carry you all the world round, By land and by ocean their fame is renowned; But if you resolve independent to be, Says my second, " You can't take one step without me." So to stay where you are you must make up your mind, Unless you determine to leave me behind; My third they are fish, and an excellent dish, Though perchance better suited to your taste than mine, But in savoury pie they might all of us dine. AunonA. 20.-Happy is the bride, And he by her side; Wildly the glad bells ring, The bridal song they sing. Yon brilliant sun full oft and aye Hath shed its light with equal power, But primal o'er so glad a day, Nor final o'er so glad an hour. J. W. TAYLOR, Middlesborough, 21.-My first is a dwelling Used by mankind; If beheaded correotly A river you'll find. When beheaded, this river Will unto, you show A word of three letters- You've seen it, I know. ILDERIM. PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 22.-Do the "teeth of the wind" bite every one P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Did the man " shoot the moon" with a pistol or gun P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Did the poet who wrote "on the moon " journey there ? Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Did he take a balloon, or fly through the air P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Did he fall in a study that really was brown P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Does the first of a hill ever wear a stern frown P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Do the sad waves ever shed tears that are salt P Oh, wouldn't I like to know I Whoever did nex; a man's bier out of malt ? Oh, wouldn't I like to know I W. KOHLER, Camberwell. ANAGRAMS. ON GIRLS' NAMES. 23.-From this little eon. of mine, If you will but contrive, sir, Four female names will quickly shine; The initials will make five, sir. Cross Words. Tom sent me two fine oarols beside, To learn by heart for Christmastide. Come, Julia, help our Fred to-day To stack up yonder load of hay. While trying to climb the apple tree, He tumbled down and hurt his knee. Am I learned enough to be A doctor of divinity P THE SYNTAx TwINs. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each l'tter of which is treated separately.) 24.-My fir'st's the end of every one, It comes, ah, yes, when life is done; Without my second you would be Quite incomplete, as you will see; My third in every place is seen- It even into heav'n has beenau; My total is a part of you ' If you can solve this problem, do, F. P. HARwooD. CONUNDRUM. 25.-Oh, listen, dear readers, while I Your closest attention bespeak; There came to a man in bad health A letter of cheer every week. Now tell me, fair lady And valorous knight, Who take such a steady, Unceasing delight In constantly conning o'er cons. printed here, The resemblance between The letter and man; And when you've found out, Don't giggle or shout, Or say to yourselves, with a laugh or a sneer, "The Ed. was asleep, or this wouldn't be here." T. HowIE, Edinburgh. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms anothler word.) 26.-A measure only used for land In /irst you'll surely see; But ifyou'll kindly please reverse, In every house 'twill he. E. Lx1DHOLD.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word, SeI pressed in the naratlive.) 27.-The reapers since the early morn Have busy been with ripened corn; And from their voices comes a lay Which makes their spirits light and gay. The lark, 'way upwards all alone. Joins in the song with thrilling tone, While cornerakes hoarsely ut'er screams, Awak'ning slumh'rers from their dreams. The sun shines down with marry face, And with his presence seeks to grace The fields with merry, beaming rays, Which look so fair in summer days. The grain falls low beneath the arm Of sturdy reapers red and warm; And lasses with a cheerful smile Tie up the rich brown sheaves the while. The youngest mower makes a bound Across the intervening ground Which separates him from a maid, Upon whose lips he makes a raid For kisses sweet; but 'midst the hiss And merry shout, the saucy miss Breaks through his gentle, wav'ring hold, And like a fawn bounds o'er the wold. Her captor follows in the chase, And very shortly ends the race; His due reward he then demands, Which granted is by show of hands. J. BODEN, Glasgow. 28.-'Twas at even, when, in the pirates' don, That the chief did watch alone ; He'd a short dhudeen, and did sit, I ween, On a Instrous golden throne. And he quaffed his beer, and said, with a leer, As his pipe he slowly lit, " The king of the sea (by-the-bye, that's me) Has a rattling pleasant ' sit.' "I can smoke my pipe, and imbibe my swipes, While my men do all the work; And if one should try my power to defy, Why, he dies then ' a la Burke.' " Ting, ting, went the bell, and he answ'ring " Well I" His ear to the tube applied' 'Twas a well-known voice. and it said, "Rejoice, We are bringing you your bride." Then to transports gay did the chief give way, He put on a " splendid smile," And a spangled vest he put on his chest, Where the maid would rest awhile. By the secret door that led to the shore, Then the chief did take his stand; Struck a " penny plain," then he smiled again, And, a pistol in each hand, Awaited the knock; but, alas I rude shock, How he wished that he was dead I For the maid was black, and this bard fell smack On the floor beside his bed. TINY. CURTAILMEIENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 20.-I sat in a wood one day long past, And attempted to think of a con.; I thought in vain, until first was list, And then sadly I rose, and walked on. A. HUNTER. 80.-Please take a word of letters four, Now, mind you don't have any more; Please curtail, and then you'll find * That you have ten yet left behind. L. M'LAREN. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 31.-A title is my first, Well known by all, I ween; Now central letter change, and, lo I Another title's seen. 1. F. FARnIs. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 32.-Come, riddlers, I'say, List a moment, I pray, And see if yoell can make out my puzzle ; If you'll be so kind To try just to find My first, you will see it in muzzle. Second, you will see What ends with an e, Though it starts with a run when dogs appear; And if doggy should m-tch it In speed and then catch it, 'Twill go very hard with it, I much fear. 'Ihen on me. I aver, You'll a favour confer, If third, the name of a poet, you'll find; Though he wasn't a great one, He was " railly a nate " one, And to reading his poems I'm inclined. Fourth is a fish That makes a fine dish When you've done for him, I really confess; But if you're not spry In laying him by, Of your place he will soon make a fine mess. In the word "rook," If you'll trouble to look, The last of my " diamond" you'll view; When it is polished And my puzzle demolished, Its light will then shine upon you. D. WHITELAW,