RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.)
1.-We sailed away from Boston with the weather bright and fair, And every one was happy on the vessel's quarter-deck; We banished for the moment every gloomy thought of care, And never for an instant thought of either storm or wreck. The sails were filled, the sailors sang, the ship went gaily on, The sun was shining, every one was filled with greatest joy, The fates seemed very much inclined our ship to smile upon, And nothing happened for the time our comfort to annoy. But soon, alas, dark clouds sprang up, and then the wind grew strong, The sails were carried out to sea, and then we sprang a leak, And you may guess for England's shores we all began to long, And men so proud and haughty just before were now quite meek. The gale increased; our mizzen-mast at length went o'er the side. The wreck was quickly cut away. " The vessel hardly floats I See to the women," loudly then our gallant captain cried. And quickly all our hardy crew got out the vessel's boats. We floated on for days and days, but still no vessel saw, And hunger with its visage gaunt began to show its face; And then, alas I the sturdy, gallant, brave old Captain Shaw Was lowered gently o'er the side to his last resting- place. At last, when thirteen days had passed, we spied an English barque, And found with satisfaction that our signals had been seen ; And as thh day came to a close, and it was nearly dark, Our boats were hoisted on the davits of the Island QUeen. Oar tnals were o'er--the gajant ship was really " home. ward bound," And in a week we found that we should land, all going well, And in that time we all arrived in London safe and sound, And reached ou homes as happy as a " merry marriage belt,' W. D. Yon'icahm, anthw ir,
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 2.--' Volcanoes burning mountains are, which throw Up sparks and melted rock," the teacher said, " Which last is lava called; now, don't forget, And what I've told you just keep in your head." Alas! the poor man did not bear in mind The fact that in this town the children all (Through custom's almost undisputed law) Their sugar sticks and toffee " rock " they call And so, when some time afterwards he came To question them on what he'd often told, He found, as far as mountains were concerned, In vulgar parlance that he had been " sold." For when "Now what these burning mountains throw Pray first," he said, in anxious, eager tones, " Please, sir," the answer next in piping voice, "They throw up melted toffee, sparks, and stones!" xAmm A. ROYSTOx, Birmingham. 3.-We first in such a wonderful age, That no one really can know What new invention will be the rage In another week or so. While reflecting thus, I fell asleep, And dreamt a wonderful dream. Into this dream I'll last you a peep, For thus to me it did seem: I dreamt that men had found how to fly- That I was up with the rest, And taking a sail along the sky, Flying as well as the best. I found that I soon began to sink, I'd lost all my flying air; But why so I had no time to think- I fell with a bump off my chair. F. W. S. 4.-An animal for first put down Another, please, for second,; A piece of wood you'll find for last, If I have rightly reckoned. G. A. JoNs, Liverpool. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 5.-A Scotchman bold, so I've been told, Once through a churchyard strayed; I forget the date, but 'twas very late, Our friend had been delayed. And now he found himself at midnight 'mongst the dead, And by the moon's pale beams the inscriptions could have read. A mystic power has midnight's hour Upon the boldest man; But more, when be, from a "big spree" Is " fresh," like honest Dan. How must his manly soul be filled with dread alarm, When towards him comes the monk in white, his head below his arm. Was he amazed, struck speechless ? did his hair On end upon his head all wildly stare P And did the ghost dissolve in empty air P The tale is almost told; I cannot tell How the ghost disappeared, from whence it fell; But merely this, that Dan a question asked, Which seems the powers of the ghost to have tasked : " Is this the gen'ral time for ghosts to mpunt, Or do you take a stroll upon your own account ?" PATRICK. 6.-From the sky delicious sunlight Glimmers brightly o'er the earth; Happy songsters in the woodland Carol forth in grateful mirth; Zephyr breezes, softly sighing, Rustle swiftly through the trees- Every sight seems nobly fitted Eye and heart of all to please. Near the wood a modest farmyard Rears its structure to the sky; At its foot a silv'ry streamlet Softly, gently ripples by. In the distance, by the ocean, Mountains rise, erect and free, Each one seeming in its grandeur Sire and lord o'er land and sea. What a scene of quiet splendour Gleams before our longing gaze ! What enraptured thoughts are wakened I And what dreams of future days ! Let us leave the dazzling picture (Every heart with joy o'erfiown), Bowing down, in solemn fancy, At the foot of Nature's throne. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.-Old riddlers first, and wailings of regret, And " prayers for the departed " kept up yet I " Oh (Such a one), return to us," they say; (Pray, did they think he could for ever stay ?) What lamentations o'er old times, forsooth, When in the band shone many a steadfast youth. Give me a space, now that I have the muse; They're wailing yet-egad [ I'll let her loose 1 Oh, graceless band! cease howling dismally That you've no poets (now that I am near), Emulate Coulson's comicality, And when you've equalled him you'll have him here. Imitate Barnett, beatific bard, Whose verse had real pathos, truest wit (The task, of course, is just a leetle hard, But there is next at least who could rival it). Take as a pattern Scales' smooth polished strain, Or Cooper's-poetry in ev'ry line- Troy's sparkling wit and deep satiric vein, Or H. C. Price's able verse-or mine 1 D. Gow. 8.-Long the "Tourney " had been ailing, Getting weaker day by day, And, with energy fast failing, It was fading quite away. With lean body, drooping head, Wit and wisdom almost gone, All its old friends from it fled, 'Twas a sight to gaze upon. Tired the Ed. was of appealing To the riddlers, now but few; And the languor o'er them stealing Was most pitiful to view, 'Till a change came o'er the scene, And they all came trooping back, Astounded that there first have been Such of cons. next awfnul lack.
W. AMTOTT. LOGOGRIPH. (A word wh ch may be treated as a metagram deoapitation, dele- tion, and transposition. but leaves a perifet word after each operation.) 9.-My first is what youths love to do When winter comes around; Transpose, and now behold the change- A piece of meat you've found. Transpose again, and then appears To you a poet's'name, Who by his lofty genius won A wide a.ud lasting fame; And if you please it to behead, Next quickly will reveal W t any living person does f0ge he ends his meal. , `I ON, AtadIQ7 G?
ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 10.--The sweet primal bells they were pealing, Sounding so weird o'er the dells; And the fresh'ning breeze bore far away The sound of those joyous bells. Cross Words. A kind of ornament perhaps you see, Which cousin Arthur gave to me. Next spite of weather and the rain He made a start to catch his train. It stands alone its watch to keep, And warn the sailor on the deep. 'Tis used by anglers in their sport; For by its means the fish are caught. A British king, well known to fame, Who made the Danes to fear his name. A colour that the Irish wear On a certain day of every year. An oval substance-kind of food- No doubt it does a deal of good. J. W. JONEs. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 11.-The fight is all over, the bloodshed is done, And rusted are standing the cannon and gun ; The flags flutter mournfully out on the breeze, And the camps dwell in solitude under the trees. That morn in the carnage a soldier-boy fell- He thought what a glorious tale he could tell ; But his boyish emotions for ever were stilled, For with a cruel second the hero was killed. He dashed like a Briton far into the fight, Calm, but still strong in the armour of right; And bold waxed his heart as he dashed on the foe, With his features lit up in a horrible glow. The enemy's standard was swaying about, And he rushed to the colours with one maddened shout: Unhorsing the bearer, he tore off the rag, And smilingly wound round his body the flag. Oh, the battle.field's silent, and sombre, and grim, And the soldier-boy's mother is thinking of him. The moon floods the field in a heavenly glow, And the vultures are lazily feasting, I know. The winds first the garments bespattered with mud, And the forms of the dying lay soaking in blood. The battle is ended-the carnage is done- Yet the battles of total are e'er fought and won. KrrcHEa AND WELLS. 12.-My first is next to you, dear Ed., And by your whole will be Seen, there is not the slightest doubt, In our far famous " T. T. NrxoN, Dudley Colliery. 13.-My first's a conveyance, my second's a fish, A part of a river's my last My whole is a town, but of not much renown, You'll find it quite close to Belfast. . DEMANCHES. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the fires letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-I am so glad to have become A knight in this grand tournament; And better cone. I'll try to make Than those I hitherto have sent. I should so like one of my cons. Upon this page each week to see, And not to have so many thrown Into the great waste-paper B. But, if I'd have this come to pass, More careful I must be, 'tis clear, Because it's not our Ed.'s fault, if Some of our cons, do not appear. Then with true patience I will work Myself from obstacles to free; And trust to win in time to come, A higher place for W. P. W. PICEERINo, Bilston. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different meaning with each change of pronunciation.) 15.-My first with our paper we often, sirs, do ; It names, too, a writer full well known to you. The past tense of first in my second is shown. When the answer is seen, that 'tis true you will own. E. SHWRVEL, Eastbourne. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 16.-Full well Napoleon realized my first, As he upon the cheerless spot of exile stood; And when he fully realized the word, reversed, He found that Fortune's smiles for freedom were not vainly wooed. R. C. LovELEzs, Birmingham. 17.-'Tis many, many years ago, I then did live by that sea shore; My mates and I, with hearts aglow, Would play at first for hours or more. Yes, pleasant hours were those of yore, But now they're past, my readers dear, "Now, Pete, if you're not home by four, I'll next you," father said, I fear. P. CAuLTO>, Wavertree. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 18.-" Now, Johnny, just look at your first," said the master; SFor copying's stealing-you know that quite well." And John merely muttered, as he wrote a bit faster: "Oh, that story's next I Learn a fresh one to tell I" W. KIxroxT. 19.-An animal my first will be- A timid one, you'll all agree ; Transpose, and if you guess aright, A fragrant substance meets your sight. S. M'DoxALD. CONUNDRUM,. 20.-I have a question to propound, Answer if you choose; What is it none would wish to have, Yet no one cares to lose P J. A. B.