RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
Tom Tar was a sailor-boy, handsome and free, And, strange to relate, often sailed o'er the sea, The spruce second mate Of the shilp Addlepate, And a jolly good fellow was he, was he. His knowledge and sense were the best of the good; He could tell you exactly where ev'ry first stood; He could name ev'ry sail, Spar, or plank without fail; It's marvellous quite, but he could, he could I He'd a most intellectual second, be had, And the captain took pride in this sensible lad. " That'fellow," he'd say, In his jovial way, " Has a wonderful secold-egad ! egad I" If a sailor was rude to the skipper, ah, woe! He soon to the total was ordered to go. But Tom was so good That the skipper ne'er could Find cause for to punish him so, so, so! When I read these lines over, I see, with pain, That from Gilbert I've borrowed the style of my strain. Don't take me to task- Your pardon I ask. I won't be so shabby again, again I F. W. BINSTEAD. ENIGMA. No. 2. I have no eyes, but have a mouth, And still I cannot talk; I have no ears, and have no arms, No legs, and cannot walk. In many lanes and streets I'm found, By young and by the old; I have no clothes to keep me warm, Alone I'm in the cold. Though in the cold, I feel it not, Nor yet the summer's heat; No matter what the weather be, I'm always in the street. Readers and riddlers know me well, And to me often run. So now, dear friends, the answer tell, For this enigma's done. I. L. RAw, Bradford. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. My first is but a kind of wood, On it, no doubt, you've often stood; But please behead, and then transpose, A kind of way it will disclose. Change head again, and you will see A little beast it then will be; Transpose, but first you change its head, And surely you will see instead A kind of water known to you. So now, my friends, a kind adien. Da osTarNEvS. ACROSTIC. No. 4. FouSndation Words. A poet famed indeed was he, Whose name for aye renowaed shall be. Cross Words. In first, a public way is seen; And next s used in boats, I weenp; A fierce wild beast in third you see; Part of the head-my fourth will be. Fifth to ascend doth surely mean; In next a number small is seen; To tie or gird my, seventh is; A kind of vase you'll find in this. A sheep in next you're sure to find; Thisbrings a female's name to mind; For last a pointed weapon-trace; And I shall now withdraw my face. R. GRAirT.
CURTAILMENT. No. 5. Tbu must know I have a sister Who's as handsome as the day. O'er troops of lovers, far and near, She holds unquestioned sway, Foremost amongst whom mky be seen Augustus Flitaway. His hair is curled in ringlets ; His cheeks are first and white- In short, he is a modern swell, The first of fashion quite. And the collar and the tie he wears Are quite a gorgeous sight. One day he came to see his love, All bright and perfumed sweet; He sat him down, then gave a yell, And started to his feet. Surprised, we rose, and then beheld A last upon the seat I R. DOUGLAs. CENTRAL CHANGE. No. 6. To murmur or to make a noise In first you. soon will see; 'Tis often done by naughty boys, Although it should not be. In second see a riddler's name, A Young Folks riddler bold; Oh, may he gain a glorious fame, Like MAnorrTT of old. We hope he'll rise and never fall; May joy his efforts blesa Like PLArrT and Piuci and P. M'CALL, May he obtain success. STonR AND RAw. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. No. 7. Advance, bold Saunders l speed your bark along the swelling tide. Mark how the sturdy Grenadiers in fragile boats do ride; The rock-bound fortress, lowering in the beams of Luna's light, Awaits with grim defiance for the sanguinary fight. Bold admiral, mark well the gallant mun who rashly leap: Upon the false acclivous ground and ready order keeps. Now list unto the thrilling sound-a wild impulsive- cheer, As on they go to meet the foe, and die, devoid of fear. Oh, comrades brave, our leader's life is fleeting ! In Victory's stern arms he lies at rest. But tell him that the French are now retreating, And fire the hopes that linger in his breast. Whisper the warriqr's dirge, for death is calling, In hurried accents, for his lawful prey. Speak quickly I tell him that the Freudh are falling,. And that his country badly claims the day. How now, ye sons of battle, are ye weeping, When gazing on the cold pale face of death P Know, then, our chieftain is but softly sleeping, For future shall give back his latent breath. He died in the glittering arms of martial glory, Smiling his thanks on death, when falling back; For Victory remained to tell the story, And Censure writhed upon the gory track I Oh, gently raise the form of him who slumbers ! A country weeps that formerly reviled. Laden with honours, euloLized by numbers, Now swells the lustre of Misfortune's child. T. W. KIrcxxas. PALINDROMIE. No. 8. A Bible name; A Iman wluse son An evrlastiung fame Has won. Now turn it round, And you will see The same it will be found To be. F. T. RZDLUI.. DECAPITATION. No. 9. Sarah the housemaid gave vent to a first When she entered the kitchen one day. She saw that the cat had drunk all the next, And, with the mug on its head, run away. VansTO. METAGRAM. No. 10. My first the same as destitute does mean; Like to a rabbit is my next, I ween; In third what means to peal I'm sure is seen; Too much of last is apt to make you lean. T. S. SHAUL.- TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. What means the end of anything Will you before your vision bring P If transposition is gone through, You'll see what's known to me and you, R. MoNTOOe EanT. . CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. My whole, you will find, is a black- I'm certain you all know the naile; Now, the central letter take out, And see a great Roman of fame. BaINxxnrrDE BEaa. ENIGMA. No. 13. I'm sometimes large, and sometimes small; Perhaps I'm known unto you all; Although inside me yon can go, Your hat will hold me, that I know. R. C. Cozums.. LOGOGRIPH. -No. 14,. If you a small insect Behead and transpose, Another small insect It then will disclose. PLUTo, West Hartlepool, CHARADES. No. 15. My frst, when found, will surely name A river of historic fame; My next you use my fi'tto cross, If for a boat you're at a loss. My whole you'll find to be a town Of classic lore and great renown. MarmarsTo. No. 16. My first a piece of water is; My second an exclamation; My third is used by fishermen; My whole defends the nation. HI BoucolAU. OMEGRAM. No. 17. My first's a word which means divide; Change tail, and then will meet your eye A number which you know full well. To find the answer now, please, try. S. W. HArYS, Worcester.