RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
C irang the flrt two letters of a word to form another word.) C linger once again around the place Where you and I that autumn evening parted, With stern rebellion written on each face Against the fates that made us broken-hearted. 1ow bright the future seemed, ah, none can know; S0 orly bad the lasts of Cupid bound us, bati neither saw the great impending woe Like sable curtains swiftly falling round us. Ilinger once again around the place lade sacred by the memories of olden; Through Fancy's glass I look upon your face, And dream again the dreams that were so golden: And, borne upon the winds from distant lands, I hear your voice above the wavelets' chorus, 11a0ve patience, dear; for one, with loving hands, Will smooth the rugged pathway stretched before us." I linger once again around the place, And wonder vaguely through the retrospection If time with you has passed with rapid pace, And chilled the freshness of your vowed affection. And should I irst you formal and estranged- Of all the happy bygone days forgetful ? r do you still remain the same-unchanged, Reverting to the past in thoughts regretful? I linger once again around the place, Untrammelled by the worldly crush and laughter; And gazing to the starlit sky, I trace Reflections of the glorious life hereafter, When all the misty shadows, chill and grey, That dim the view while sailing down life's river, Shall break into the glorious light of day, And fill our souls with radiant love for ever. MAaone L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ,-I'd thirsted long for honour, and with wonderful loquacity Had demonstrated scores of times to British working meu hat oily individuals of noted perspicacity Were fit to prove that right was might and smash the " upper ten." it, though they heard me ev'rywhere with decorous propriety, None seemed to recognize in me a lender tried and true, end, though I'd oft endeavoured Parliamentary society To enter as a " Rad.," the votes I got were very few. ambition damped, I changed my creed, and Communistic tendencies Condemned with all the ardour of a patriotic soul, dmised thedue extension of our col'nies and dependencies Until the British flag should proudly wave from pole to pole; -act, oun ev'ry subject designated as political, Ispoke with an authority admittedly most great, et, strange to say, the voters, at a time most truly critical, Neglected me for some one else, and left me to my fate. it, though I'd bravely undergone those tortures cate- chetical, Administered so mercilessly at election times, gulped a pill more bitter, when, with gestures ener- getical, Dear lovely primal bade me seek a love in other climes. [er father was a Radical, and hated nsets most spites ully, And she, unfortunately, too, was of the selfsame mind; owhen she knew my " coat was turned," she flounced around most frightfully, And in a fnal third she my dismissal notice signed. PPHILo, Dundee. 3.-Night first vanished in the shadows, The summer morn dawned fair and bright, The sunbeams kissed the sleeping flowers, And woke them from their slumbers light. How pleasant looked the daisied meadows I How sweet the swaying bells of blue, Last the buttercups' goblets golden Brimming over with sparkling dew ! MAUDE DoeLAs,. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. the Analletters. as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 4.-There be whose hearts are hard as stone, Who scorn a generous thought to own, Who live for self-on self depend, And never make themselves a friend. But for the honour ol our race Some hearts are there which totals grace. Cross Words. A member of a busy tribe Of little people, who Dwell in the north of Europe, and In frozen Asia too. A river-and a noble one, If length makes rivers grand- Which flows in Central Asia through Wide wastes of sterile sand. A vain display, an idle boast, Is third. But on to next ; For when you wish, but can't say more, You feel (for rhyme's sake) vexed. Now, here a word which means delight, Or joy immoderate, I ask each solver keen to guess in his or her sharp pate. Though here four lights I've shown to you, I fear they're rather dark; And in a log you all may be, Because I've missed my mark. I hope it is not so, for then Some marker's mark I'll be, Who, marking that I've gone astray, may p'r'aps mark marks on me. EN~IGMAS. AGONISTES. .--Adown the stream of ages, Athwart the gulf of Time, And written on life's pages In music and in rhyme; By no brief period bounded In pleaOihre and in pain One word hath always sounded, Though often said in vain. Far on the breaking ocean, And in far icy lands, Where human hearts find motion, That word the tongue commands. The savage brave bath said it By wood and prairies wild The scholar wise hath read it And golden hours beguiled. Wise men have frowned upon it, End oalled it folly's child; ut oft enoug-tihe- don it, n rave in a cents wild. The young hel- oft hath bone it With hope sfdk'it despair; And grim death oft hath torn it, In spite of 'sigh and prayer. oJ. W. TAYLOR, Middlesborough. P'O half of me, two-thirds of you, Itg of what most people do ; An55 three things are combined, i name 'twill bring to mind. S ' : - . SHA.
METAGRA]MS, (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-We laugh and we sing the whole day long, For we love to be jolly and gay, So we cheer our way with a merry song, And we tra-la.la-lah all day I Tra.-la.laa.la.la.lah I Ha, ha l Tra.la.la-lahi Ha, ha l There are ills and crosses in all our lives, There are troubles for all to be borne; Remember, ye maids, and ye much-tried wives, That after the first comes the dawn 1 Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-lah I Ha, ha Tra-lala-lah ! Ha, ha 1 It never will do to fret and mope, No, it never will do to repine; We'll fix our eyes on the star of Hope- Oh, bright may that star ever shine ! Tra-la-la-la-la.la-lah I Ha, ha I Tra.la-la-lah I Ha, ha 1 Others have troubles, others are sad, So we'll stifle our heart's rising moan; We'll laugh in pretence that we are glad- Let the folks think that joy is our own I Tra-la-la-la-.lala-.lah I Ha, ha 1l Tra-la-la-lah ! Ha, ha! Maybe the joy we neat.ly assume May drive some one's sadness away, Maybe a smile o'er the face of gloom Will steal as we're singing our lay I Tra-la-la.la.la.la-lah I Ha, ha ! Tra.la-la.lah I Ha, ha I EDITH K. RENDLE. 8.-Who will receive a lowly knight In this famed " Tourney" meeting P Who will deign to this concourse bright To give a stranger greeting ? I, quite fresh from Oblivion Land, To Red Lion House have hurried; And how ye'll frst my 'prentice hand My anxious breast is worried. Will damsels twit my awkward style, And call it crude and childish ? If lovely dames my lines revile, They'll next me cut up wildish I Your gracious favour pray extend, And please don't be sarcastic; I've such a fear of verses penned In criticism drastic. I wish some fair would place her scarf Upon my ready shoulder; And then, in spite of any chaff, She'd find no champion bolder. For, eager for the " Tourney " lists, Full bold my queen shall find me; I'll hug, like one in Alpine mists, The darling chains that bind me. J. D. DUNNING, 9.-Sam's a blithe little, jolly young fellow, Always ready to frisk and to play; Always ready to howl and to bellow When playmates at school are away. He is famous for jumping and running, His voice is sonorous, I vow; Though not much at politeness-or punning- He's a good un for making a "bow." Sam's a natty and spruce little fellow, His clothing is never on wrong; The bloom of his coat is dark yellow, The tail (of his coat?) very long. He's a patient though obstinate "chappie," Though dogged at times, without doubt; At tea he's remarkably happy, As he sits with his tongue hanging out. But first longer I wish next deceive you, Third now I will finish the " biz.;" But one thing I'll ask ere I leave you, Now who do you think young Sam is ? You think him my brother ? What nonsense ! I'm afraid you are all in a fog I I aver now, and in more than one sense, Our Sam is a " jolly young dog I" G. A. JONES, Liverpool. 10.-Some sing of those of high degree Who taste the sweets of luxury; Some sing of statesmen first and great, And some of kings enthroned in state; Some sing of lords and ladies fair, And some of maids with golden hair. I next to sing the " Tournament," In which are grace and talent blent, Of knights and ladies, fair and gay, Who graced its page for many a day. IVANEHOE, DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An anorosSo. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals express'd in figures,) Foundation Words. I1.-To solve this puzzle if you'll try, The answer soon you will descry- Two Irish counties meet your eye. Cross Words. 50 and kar In the sky you see him soaring, Notes of melody outpouring. 503 ,, spn Weak and vapid this will prove, sirs (Kindly now the tail remove, sirs). 1,050 ,, ate This, as you will surely own, sirs, Is not wood, or clay, or stone, sirs. 1,000 ,, barek In our vessel we did fourth, sirs, And did sail towards the north, sirs. 55 ,, esore Purpose, or determination; I'll not give more explanation. 1,001 ,, anhun Barbarous and cruel this, sirs, As you'll quickly see, I wis, sirs. 150 ,, now Listen to his merry joking I Mirth from all he is provoking. 51 ,, yngk This is royal, you'll discover. Now, kind friends, my riddle's over. S. W. HATES, Worcester, DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 12.-In first you will find a large river well known, O'er the name please don't get in a fix; In the map you will find it; when found, you will own That the letters of it number but six; Take away last but one, you'll now find it true, Instead of five, seven is shown to your view. M. SPEN'cnER,-WillingtOn Quay. ARITHMOREM. (An asrostie. Theletteirs of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 18.-A famous English author here behold, His name in primals you will find is told. His works from all mankind have won him fame, And down to time unborn will hand-his name. Cross Words. 550 and ae A kind of wood. 551 ,, e Lazy, unemployed. 150 ,, we A cloak or hood. 501 ,, spankrep Bywhomchildrenaredecoyed, 5. ,, ee Precedes the night, 1 , gnh Not far away. 1 ,, fetre A war or fight. Now, friends, good day, A. GazrRrT
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.) 14.-We first to buy a little skiff, And while the gloomy midnight wind Is up and blowing pretty stiff, We'll sail away for ever, if . .This puzzle is declined! Yet ah! we do not wish to rove ! We love the notes that upward float From lark and linnet; and above All other earthly notes, we love A Bank of England note. We quaff, in draughts, the airs that shake The roses and the lilies dank, When on their dewy bank they wake; In fact, we're always glad to take A draft on any bank I We strive on glory's heights to out A next that shall not cease to live Till all the doors of Time are shut; We'd give the world to do it-but It isn't ours to give. We first to do our work; and when, By daily labour long and sore, We have accomplished all that men Are capable of doing-then We won't do any more 1 ADcocr AND COULSON. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 15.-A child is laid in Death's embrace, His form no longer filled with life; His mother hides her tearful face- Her heart is filled with sorrow's strife. See there-her hands are clasped in prayer, Her eyes refuse their tears to shed ; Since yestere'en she has knelt there- She's mourning o'er her child, now dead, " My child," she mourns-" my darling one- Oh, speak to me again-oh, speak I" She drops her head upon her hands, The tears at last fall down her cheek, "Oh, heav'n, a little while ago None could be happier than I; My heart is broken now-he's gone, My only comfort 'neath the sky. "The only one on earth I loved Is snatched away by Death's cold hand; Oh, when that hand is laid on me, I'll join thee in a happier land." J. S. GuFrIcr. 16.-Hurrah for the Viking so bold and free I His vessel skims o'er the heaving sea; He cares not for king, nor man, nor beast, A stout sea-fight is the Viking's feast. Hurrah for a Viking's life I hurrah For the clang and clash of glorious war I In the praise of the fierce and bold Viking The songs of the wand'ring minstrels ring; His heritage is his trusty sword, He lives like a rich and high-born lord. Hurrah for the Viking's trusty brand, The fight on sea and the fight on land I No care hath the Viking for all his foes, He plunders and slays where'er he goes; He exults in deeds of war and blood, And fights like a Northern warrior should. Hurrah for the Viking bold and brave ! Hurrah for life on the ocean wave I He eareth not what death he may die; When his race is run, his soul shall fly On wings of light to Valhalla's hall To obey the awful war-god's call. Hurrah I in the grand for evermore He fights by the side of mighty Thor! THE UNENOWN. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 17.-For an hour or more he had stood by the side Of the river's fast-flowing and pitiless tide; And I thought he was seeking, as many have sought, Release from first life with such misery fraught. At length I approached him. " Good fellow," I cried, "End not your career in the great river's tide; There last hope for the poorest. Though sad be your fate, To mend, says the proverb, 'tis never too late." He looked round at me, while a look of surprise Shone in second large and very black eyes. " What bosh you are talking I I'm waiting," said he, "For my pal, in that eating-house having his tea I" E. W. SHURVEL. 18,-First will disclose a name for man- Please try and find me out; Behead me twice, then you may scan A name for man, no doubt. And now to make this con. more plain, I'll give another clue: Decapitate me once again, A colour comes in view. ANNIs SMITH GRESLEY, 19.-My first is used to sit upon By every one who writes a con. My next is used a seat to make For first, if I make no mistake; Behead again, and it will give That which without we cannot live. F. T. HALL, Dartford, 20.-My first in most houses you will find- It belongs to the wooden.legged kind; Behead, and my second you will find, I'm sure, on all the human kind; Behead once more, and then you will find I am important to mankind. HAL-O'.TH'.WIND. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 21.-Clear on the wings of the morning Is borne to the startled ear The notes of a trumpet, warning That the time to march is near. Then the last good-byes are spoken, Whilst banners are floating gay, And many's the heart that's broken As the soldiers tramp away. With them many afirst recruit Marches off with jaunty airs, Though he hardly knows how to shoot With the rifle that he bears. Away to the nexat, to battle For home and their Fatherland, To fight amidst musket's rattle Afar on some foreign strand. F. ArLTnoo'. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final lotter of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-One Titus Brown of great renown, A man of splendid quality, Once thought that he *ouid go and see A friend in his locality. And through last thought, he donned his coat And hat, all in a minute, First off he popped, and never stopped Till at the house and in it. When, lo I behold I old Brown was sold: His neighbour Dunn had flitted; Quoth he,with frqown, "I've beenDumntBro-n." First, quick as thought, he quitted. T. STORs.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 23.-Give me my lyre, and I will sing of truth. And all the radiant beauties that still cling about So sweet a subject;-yet, in mournful sooth, I won't-there's not enough of it to sing about. Give me my lyre, and I will sing of joy, Or peace, or all the happiness that clung about The ancient earth first Adam was a boy, Or something else that no one second sung about. Confound the lyre ! I will not play at all: I touched it, but it only gave a squeak or two; Go, hang it up again upon the wall- We'll chop it up for firewood in a week or two I COULSON AND ADuOCK. OMIEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 24.-He was a most handsome and promising youth- At least, so his friends would remark; To me he was primal, and rough, and uncouth, To me he looked best in the dark. His poems were "splendid," his narratives " grand," His sketches "unrivalled in skill ;' I thought him the silliest wretch in the land, I spoke of his knowledge as "nil." The world was for ever extolling his name- It gave him a pension at last; I grudged his good fortune, and envied his fame Whenever I thought of the past. But why was I second with hatred P you'll say; I'll tell you, but whisper it not: I stole his best poem, and used it one day, And then-a black eye was my lot. F. G. WEns. Southwark. 25.-We're always wanting something- I'm no exception to the rule, For I was always wanting something, Whene'er I went to school. So at least the masters told me; And I may as well confess I got-well, what I wanted, But a little more or less. My brother wanted something While he in bed was yawning. Shall I tell you what he wanted Upon that winter morning P The largest egg that could be found Upon the dresser shelf; But he was told that he must cook That luxury himself. He made his choice, and all prepared, Placed it upon the fire, And until the egg was fully cooked His patience did not tire. Then tenderly be took it out, And placed it in a cup, And then contentedly sat down Upon that egg to sup; Then primal with the spoon began That precious egg to tap; But though the final came to hard, It still refused to crack. When, lo I he did discover soon The reason 'twas so tough- He'd simply cooked a china egg, And for once he had enough. My store of invention I've fully ransacked, So I'll own the above is founded on fact. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.; 26.-I stood upon the beach, one day, And watched the wild waves roll; Methought of times now passed away, When she, my wife, poor soul I Stood by my side upon that beach, But one week then my bride, With naught to mar the lives of each, Who there stood side by side. On sea, on land, in quiet retreats, We culled from Pleasure's first the sweets. But time rolled round, and she, my wife, Was called upon too soon To render up her precious life, To me so great a boon. More feeble grew that wasting form, She laboured for her b- eath ; And ere the winter's coming storm, She passed away in death. She now lies where she's ne'er forgot, A simple next to mark the spot. J. TasIMrY. CHARADES. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 27.-Fourpence first pound we often see Marked on those apples rosy; Now, pray what is that first to be, Ye riddlers cosy. Usage, habit, here you view In my little second; Together, then, my one and two Must be reckoned. My whole you do, friend Kate or John, When my puzzle reading; Now the answer to this con. Ed. is needing. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. 28.-My beautiful first is a world of light 'Mid the golden realms on high, That shines on my next till it glitters as bright As those isles in the far.off sky, When my whole spri .gs up on earth's gem.set breast, Bespeaking a hand divine, As its pearly leaves 'neath a pure white crest In-the burning radiance shine. E. JonosoN. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 29.-I am composed of letters five, Both ways the same I read; Yon'll find that I'm a word which means Opinion, faith, or creed. J. SrToms, Lamboth.