RIDDLE TOIJRNAMENT,. OMEGBAMS. IThe lBt letter of a word is changed to form another word.)
1,-A sailor stood on the shining sands, A maiden by his side; For he would sail to foreign lands When turned the morning tide. The waves plashed softly on the stones, The sunlight gleamed on high, While, in despairing, pleading tones, He whispered, with a sigh : " Good.bye, dear love, goodabye;: Though parted bythe main, In death or life, in peace or strife, I'll come to thee again. Good.bye, dear love, good-bye; Be ever true to me. I first away, at break of day, Across the foaming sea." The thunder roared, the lightning flashed, And quailed those hearts so warm; The good ship 'gainst the rocks was dashed, Amid the blinding storm. A sailor boy, among the rest, Gazed at the seething tide, His thoughts with her he loved the best, While, in his heart, he cried : "Good.bye, dear love, good-bye; Though parted by the main, In death or life, in peace or strife, I'll come to thee again. Good.bye, dear love, good-bye; Be ever true to me, We'll stand no more upon the shore Beside the rippling sea." A maiden sat in her latticed room, And spun her silken lace; The pallid moon shone through the gloom Upon her thoughtful face. And, peering through the glitt'ring rays, She saw him once again, Regarding her with mournful gaze, And murmuring this refrain: " Good-bye, dear love, good bye; Though parted by the main, In death or life, in peace or strife I last I'd come again. Good-bye, dear love, good.bye; Be ever true to me. At rest I sleep, all buried deep Beneath the dark blue sea." MARIon L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. It's well worth remarking how various folks l differ on some certain subject-say, jokes. peerson will take up a copy of Punch firso his digestion of dinner or lunch ; d watching him closely, you note on his face ery broad grin-an expressive grimace- d soon from his throat there emerges a roar ich would not discredit a lion or boar. w look at another. He takes the same sheet d peruses that joke (which is funny and neat); visage is stolid, his lips never part, fails to find anything comic or smart; judge by his countenance, no one would know le Lancet or Punch was engrossing him so. ces had a friend of the last-mentioned class, one sunny morning it did come to pass t we both were enjoying a stroll down the road, en a cart came along, and upon it a load dirty fish-baskets tied round with one rope. friend thought he paw here a chance to give scope his talent for leaping; one short, sudden bound, d he last the thin line; but the adamant ground med to rise up and strike him somewhere in the rear; d fish-baskets fell there, and fish-baskets fell here. crowd roared with laughter-I thought I should choke; my friend was so dense-he could not see the joke I BANETTrr D BtAR. REBUS. No.3. NARARTIYV CURTAILMENT. P the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) .-The years bring many a change, but each Is for the better, it seems to me; The pessimist may the world impeach, But the world progresses unceasingly. The world to my subject I've merely brought As an analogue to my argument; And so, with the seven.league boots of thought, I step from the world to the "Tournament." Oh, rare good luck of the days gone by (And rarer still of the days to come) I 'he past calls less for regretful sigh Than for rivalry and eulogium. What though our stars, that were once so bright, Or ach week more nebulous now appear; Or fall, like some glowing aerolite, For ever and aye from their lofty sphere. The lesser lights more brilliant burn, And nascent glories they, too, unfold; Grow more effulgent, and, in their turn, They shine as the other ones shone of old. But away with this highfalutin' strain; Let me hasten at once to my true intent: Wish the Poung Pol/s Paper a prosperous reign, And jolly good lack to the "Tournament l' ENIGMA. D. Gow. 5.-Were I to leave the "Tournament," No puzzles there would be ; No ladies fair, no riddling knights- -, anlwould quickly flee. STiough Royton, Hayes, and G. A. Jones wResolved to make a stand, With brave Deniuohes end C. Sinith, I'd break theirfaithfl bad. . SThen woald the dS i d the diglts, No-tales! nobns. I Io ruises! . o.ur liv bereft ~s:o.. j . Though Soft,:I alwayshiss;, they say." But I. alas I must haste away. eoisczrss.
CURTAIL1MENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 6.-So, poor little mouse, I have caught you at last I For a long time I've tried, but in vain; And now when you're caught you are trying, and fast, To win back your freedom again. Now, let me consider, and see what you've done, For perhaps you will soon have to die. You've nibbled last spice loaves, all of them but one,. And the reason, I cannot tell why. You artful young scoundrel, you've spoilt the mince pies, With. first you've been having your fling; None of them untouched on the pantry-shelf lies, And the cheese has of course felt your sting. Do you think that it's fair all this damage to do? Because I don't think so at all. Just listen how pussy is mewing for you, To gobble you up, tail and all. But I won't be hard-hearted upon you this time Although you deserve it, and well; I'll open your prison and pardon your crime, But next time you won't fare as well. M1. L. Raw. GEOM3ETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 7. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below:
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative) 8.-What ho ye bards of high renown, Attention, while I scribble down A simple warning, if you please, 'Bout that which makes me ill at ease; In other words, I wish to say, Just in a friendly sort of way, You should be careful when you write Your odes to maidens fair, Nor let your fancies take a flight To-reason knows not where I And now, before I further go, 'Twould be as well to let you know I have myself got Cupid's dart Right in the centre of my heart, And so I love, with love that's real, A maid who turns my woe to weal. Then let me just remind you all, When you write odes of admiration To those you love, and proudly call Such maids the fairest in creation, You have not seen, you have not seen, My fair, enchanting, charming queen ! And when you say no maiden loves With love, like your respective doves, It does malign, I strongly feel, The maid who turns my woe to weal. So let this simple warning, pray, Suggest in future ode or lay A slight reform, or fashion new, And my sincerest thanks to you; For her, for whom I 'fensive stand, You'll please to bear in mind, Is one whose better in the land 'Twere diicult to find I F. W uiis. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Without her window played the youthful bard, With all the fervour of his deathless love In noble pride he stood-her stalwart guard- Distributing his melodies above, But though he sang bright firsts of sunny France In brilliant nexts that thrilled the midnight air, No lovely voice was heard-no tender glance- To show his "little love" sat list'ning there. But on the minstrel played, though blew the rain In mighty torrents o'er his anxious face; He pictured forth his soul-disturbing pain, Till mournful harmony enthralled the place; Yet still no sign descended from his love, And then-to add to all his other woes- A chimney-pot came sailing from above, And fell upon his haggard, upturned nose. He lifted from the earth his weary head. " By Jove, you cat, I'll play no more !" he said. F. G. Wxn, Southwark. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 10.-Just after dinner-time to-day, I heard a loud knock at the door; I ran the summons to obey, When in a box fell on the floor. A hamper 'twas, and no mistake, As much, or more, than I could carry] For Bob there were two firsts of shoes; A box of honey.dates for Harry. Apples, and oranges, and figs, And nexts in very grand array; I felt inclined to start at once Upon the lovely fruit; but, nay, iMy mother harshly interfered, ' And took tlhetreasures all away, And said,-." Don't be so greedy ,Tom, ;'. " But wait, `of F,rse 'Htill p y edayenwih. - F. J. HonDGs, Greenwich.
TRIPLE ACROSTIC ON PRIMALS. (The three first letters of the oross words form other distinct words). Foundation Words. ll.-Arrayed in his turban, and smoking, Reclining upon a divan, You seldom will find he is joking. Now find out his name if you can. Two sisters-one blonde, one brunette; One's eyes are as blue as the sky, The other's as dusky as jet. You'll find out their names if you try. Cross Words. A primal strutted round the yard with pride; Its gorgeous colours with the rainbow vied. A kind of fable, with a moral plain ; And those who read it should a lesson gain. 'Twas winter time-some shouts of mirth I heard; They came from boys careering down a third. An ancient,hero here, of whom we read That he performed full many a great deed. A charming flower; and, I call to mind, 'Tis often called the flower of the wind. W. D. PIcxKEING AND 8. W. HAYES. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 12.-" The Y.F.P. looks well this week," We said, when in it came, And through the " T." began to look, In hope to see our name. Our queen's con. justly took the lead (The Ed. gives praise where due) ; And reading slowly through her verse, What is't our eyes there view P With eagerness we read on down, And guess last joy to find That Marion has thought of us- Has kept us in her mind. The honour is not ours alone, Nor to our verses done ; But we with Loveless, Carter, too, Receive it, through "old Brum." For this kind act we thank you much, Dear Marion, and we see That though to you we are unknown, First friends we still may be. ANNIE, KATE, AND THOMAS R. 13.-The good ship speeds o'er the sparkling sea, The hearts of the sailors are light and free, As her sharp prow firsts through the wave and wind, And she seconds a glittering track behind. Each tar knows well that o'er ocean's foam She is bearing him quick to his island home. He fancies already that he can see The friends who dwell 'neath the old roof.tree Of the little cottage he loves the best, With its lasts, where the swallow makes its nest; And he fervently prays that God may guide And bear them safe o'er the waters wide. LDEMANCHES. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, bat leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 14.-Let me find a really interesting strain Once again. Let the overburdened poet's spirit sing Like anything. I've a mind to trill a carol that will thrill- And I will. Know, then, that I am possessor of a first, Which is nursed In the bosom of a valley in the "shires:" It retires- As the firsts in poet's legends (if they're true) Mostly do. And suppose, ye Sphinxites, from my first the heart Should depart And suppose the ruins of my house should spell But a well, Or whatever cavity may meet your ken, What is't then? LA LACHRYMOSE. REBUS. No. 15. CONUNDRUM. 16.-Not long ago I saw a car, With merry folk within it (This is a conundrum-excuse The way that I begin it). Out for a holiday they were, And left dill care behind, sirs. Now, then, of what great tract of land Did they put me in mind, sirs ? ARCoHE B., Kentish Town.