RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, S ENIGMAS.
I.-Whisp'ring like a timid lover, wailing like a restle. soul, With a rununel's gentle flowing, or a billow's boist'ro roll, In the moonlight, or the sunlight, or the dark of starles eve, I have heard their many voices sing, and sigh, rejoie, or grieve. In the balmy springtids morning, through the dewy a, land grass They will wander, and the cowslips will nod to them 4 they pass. In the quiet summer noontide, lazy, listless, in the snua They will take a calm siesta in the trees till day is don-, In the afternoon, in autumn, they will saunter on tit plain, 'Mid the orchards, and the copses, and the sheaves g gathered Crain. In the chilly winter evenings, lost amid the gonear) gloom, They will make a doleful moan outside some echerfl lighted room; They are with us ever, with their notes of gladness or- woe, But there are none who can tell us whence they comnes where they go. D. (Gow, 2.-You hear me oft outside your well-lit chamber Go rushing down the street with wailing voice; You hear me sigh through crevice, chink, and crann And you within your cosy room rejoice. But thousands shudder at my touch relentless, And crouch affrighted at my angry cry, Or, seeking out some frail, imperfect shelter, They shiver as they hear me raging by. The sturdy sailor on the trackless ocean Beholds in me a helpmate, tried and true; For I it is that brings him gladly homeward, Thus winning praise from him and all his crew. But oft, instead of praises, cries despairing Tell of the anguish of his spirit brave; But all in vain, for I, with force terrific, Send him to sleep within a sailor's grave. I twist, and frisk, and whisk, with rapid motion, Through winding streets and lonely country lanes.; I come from north and east, and make you lldget As I remind you of rheumatitpains; From southern climes I bring foretastes of sunner, And show'rs of spring-time from the humid we t; Anon I scatter death and dire destruction, Alike among oppressors and opprest. Pun,. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 3.-Hurrah I with a whistle, a rush, and a roar, I sweep over valley, and mountain, and moor; The trees of the forest bow lowly and rock, Or prostrate fall headlong beneath the rude shock, As onward I dash with a shriek and a crash, And thump at each casement and rattle each sash. Through doorways and keyholes I merrily fly, And mount with a boisterous laugh to the sky, Where thickly and darkly the storm -clouds are rolling But soon to the right and the left they are howhng, As swift on their rear, like a wild charge of hirme, I sweep with a rush and soon scatter their force. Ah, first for the fun I 'Tis the wide, open sea, And there's a stout vessel as stately and free As ever set keel on the blue, heaving ware, Well manned by stout seamen, all dauntless and bras Whoo-hoop I my rude force beatsthe waves into foa And up through the rigging and cordage I ro:amn. The mainmast has gone, but still dauntless are the! Determined to conquer or die in the fray; Their bright axes flash in the moon's fitful light, And swiftly the wreckage is borne from their sight; And spite of my efforts, the harbour they've last, And laugh at my rage, for all danger is past. E. BLAIr, Liverpool, 4.-A word of letters four am I, In country lanes I'm often seen; But if reversed, you then will find That I a piece or portion mean. J. SrocKs, Lambeth, METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another worr.) 5.-Once more, kind friends, with great delight, I pla myself before you, In hopes my features won't affright, nor yet my presen bore you; Though long I've been an absentee, I've made the rct jouruny, And here I am again, you see, within the dear oi " Tourney." Decidedly, I'm older now, but then that does not mn:ttc I do not any taller grow, nor do I got much fatter, Unless it be about my head, and that Ilneed not mention Therefore, until my puzzle's read, I'll claim your kin attention. One night, as down our yard I sped, the wind was blowe lightly, A first flew close beside my head, as next dashed past sprightly; And quick a piece of fourth did third, then soon a fifth, chasing; Then I began, upon my word, my homeward st51 ret-racing. For I had left my sixth at home, and feeling rather chil I over next did tumbling come, which made me feel qoil silly But eighth soon picked me up again, and placed me ou tl sofa, Thenl, speaking out in words quite plain, said, "Tom, p are a loafer I" And, oh, he madqa great mistake-himself he meant' name for; But each mistake that he does make Irhave to take t blame for: Therefore, you see, we can't agree -we very often dilf For I'm as stubborn as can be, and he's a little sti''r. CUTRTAJLMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. luv ikr! .nohr a word.ld 6.-For a long time I've read wi'h on vious eye Tihe puzzles in your faunous "'T'.; I shut up the paper and heave a sigh- Why cannot I a primal be ? O illustrious knights of this " Tourney " grand, Have pity on poor little me, Till. nurtured and cared for, I with you shall st' As a knight of the riddling "T." Although as a poet I'm very weak, A fiaa I try to begin; I flanish-I seed it-I look next \veek~- Hurrah! Mr. Ed., I am in I o, 7.-Now, riddlers, as our dear old Ed,. Some of my cons. has taken, I'll persevered-try not to'let His faith first me be shaken. And, privately,' I'll let you know (So that you may take heed) What next aspire to; this is it- Some day to take the lead. T. ROYsTON, Bir.mi.gha.
DUA(CRAMS. (phnnge the first two letters of a word to form another word.) g,-'Tis weeks since first I had it placed before me, 1( That rhyme which left behind its bitter sting, Which seemed to throw a veil of sadness o'er me, R And bid me first and sing In self.defence this humble, sad refrain T Against that just, though most reproachful strain. Ah, Dir. Gow, I do not dare deny it; A Your sharp.edged con. has truly done its part, Arousing that which long had struggled quiet-- A most responsive echo in my heart. Yet I would ask: If riddlers choose to praise me, A And crown me with a crown I have not earned-- If on Fame's glorious pinnacle they raise me A (The spot to where Iny 1-nging eyes are turned), And place an honoured title to my name, Am Ito blame ? I am not proud of heart, or cold in manner, A And truly as fair Luna gleams above, To any one who fights beneath our banner I fain would yield my crown than last their love. For often when a courteous, loyal feeling S Incites a bard to sing upon my name, It stirs my inmost nature, there revealing A That I am all unworthy of the same. Yet did I talk of non-appreciation, 'Twvould be but affectation on my part; For every simple con. of adulation Has struck a chord of pleasure in my heart. A But, oh, my friend, the joy is tinged with sadness, As I upon my sweet-voiced sisters gaze, And think how all undimmed would be the gladness Could I but share with them my wealth of bays. So can you wonder why your well-meant strain Filled all my heart with bitterness and pain ? S MAnoN L.-TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 9.-In a garden gay first flowers, There I pass my happy hours. The flower that I love the best Is the rose with fragrant breast; Then tulips bright, Like flames of light, A Flashing radiance o'er the rest. Then the lily, tall and fair, With her perfume rich and rare; Then the violets for their hue-- Look like Laura's eyes of blue. I love them all, S Next great and small : All are beautiful to view. E. J. T. R. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whicih is a word.) 10.-She was but a Spanish maiden, A Poor, but lovely as a flower; He was a dark, handsome final, 3 And had riches, rank, and power. And one day he met this maiden On the ragged mountain side, And in winning accents begged her To consent to be his bride. But she snatched away her mantle, Which he vainly tried to hold, And, as haughty as a princess, Scorned his proffered love and gold. " You would woo, and when you'd won me, You would then cast me aside For another love far fairer, And more fitted for thy bride." " Nay, sweet maiden, there you wrong me ; For this heart that craves thy love Ever would be true and constant As the golden sun above. I would take thee and would show thee Brighter, fairer scenes than these' All the fair lands thou hast heard of, First from here across the seas." Then he took the hand she offered, Pressed it fondly to his lips, And a diamond-studded second O'er a shapely finger slips. And he made her life a perfect Picture of a summer's day, Strewing every path with roses, Banishing all care away. My whole is a famed London street, Where some of you, no' doubt, oft meet. J. BucrLE., 11.-A kind of tree for first put down ; A kind of meat's my second; In whole you'll see an English town, If I have rightly reckoned. W. F. NOLAN, Mlonmel. 12.-First's the border of your clothing, That you readily may see; Next will be a personal pronoun That will always stand for me. And now, kind sirs, to make my last, Bear in mind, Meaning a circuit,'or the globe, You must find. Now comes the end to this charade: When at school you have been classed, Have you not been often told That my whole is half of last ? F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. ARITHMOREMS. (n acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed In frlgurea.) , Foundalion Wzn'd. 13.-Why, 'tie a fact; but I'm sure I'll be blessed if I'd Noticed his entrance, though he had achieved it. Had not the trees with their barren boughs testified His chilling presence, I'd not have believed it. Yet, o'er the land he has wrought a sad waste till he Left not a trace of the summer that's banished ; Well, with our days these months run off so hastily. We are surprised when we find they have vanished. S 'ross Words. 51 nud sew These are tricks deceptive, clever. 531 ,, ans Land, sea-beaten all around. 50 ,, bone To be this you should endeavour. 10 , at Something out of every pound. 1,01 , reep This a ruler great is under. 6 , ern Cleft, or torn, or split asunder. 1- Foundation Wol'rd. Quip. y primals show a substance which is used in ev'ry station ; 'Ts seen i office, court-room, school-in fact, through all the cation L now before your vision, and a little penetration i enable you to find it without any botheration. Cross Wlords. 550 and ape To argue, to defend. 50 ,,a bass rot This shows a large sea-bird. 10 ,, a put peer Continual, without end. 1,1000 " yeu Bewarel He's not a friend. Sno ear A story, oft absurd. F . . Gn i, F erm oy, DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (D:op io th two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 5.IM last oft feeds upon my firsat; Dear reader, bear in mxud That to this faithful animal You ne'er alishould be unkind; For though you may its master be, You have a aMaster, too, Whose kindness e'er is measured with The kindness wrought by you. T. Niiow, Dudley Colliery,
OLEGILAM: (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 16--Two little ragged creatures, thin and pale, Went roaming hand in hand one Christmas Day, Rehearsing once again the sad old tale Of poverty and hunger, stern and grey. The eldest had afirsl and thoughtful eye, Which pity in the hardest heart might wake, As now and then her feeble voice did cry, " Oh, help me, please, for little sister's sake 1'" " For little deter's sake I" and yet it peemed That no one heeded that heartbroken cry; A pair of hypocrites the two were deemed, Born to deceive, to plunder, and to lie. And so full many a last that Christmas Day They roamed withlimbswhich did with weakness shake, While still the elder ones did faintly pray For "Something, please, for little sister's sake." And night came down upon the city drear, And every one went home to sleep and rest; And then a dreadful, haunting, nameless fear Sprang up in Nellie's gentle little breast. She pillowed in her neck her sister's head, Who scarcely could keep standing or awake, And cried, while tears of bitterness she shed, " Oh, for a home, for little sister's sake l" Then, sitting down upon a doorstop cold, She took her weary sister on her knee, And in her arms she tightly did enfold That tiny sharer of her destiny. The child fell fast asleep on Nellie's breast, Who could not sleep, but faintly tried to make Up to the skies her innocent request, " Oh, Father, help me, for dear sister's sake !" She felt herself grow weak, and strange, and ill, As tighter still her slender arms she pressed Around her sister, whilst her heart did fill With terrors vague which would not give her rest. A startling horror came upon her mind, Her deadly weakness off she tried to shake, Yet still she cried, with fear and illness blind, " Oh, Father, save me, for my sister's sake 1" A carriage drove up quickly through the street, And stopped beside the step whereon they lay A voice surprised her ears, soft, calm, and sweet, Which seemed to Nellie, oh, so far away. Her senses swam, she tried to sit upright, Her heart with strange emotions seemed to quake; She faintly moaned, with trembling lips and white, " Oh, lady, help me, for dear sister's sake l" Kind hands soon placed her in a cosy bed, Kind fanes bent o'er her on every side; Soft, gentle fingers stroked her aching head, As she in fever raved and loudly cried. At last there came a day when little Nell From sickness and delirium did awake To find herself loved, housed, and well, And spared by death, for "little sister's sake." MIAGGIcE E. DENNY. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (Ti'' final letters, as well as the inlitials, forLm a word. or worls.) Foundation ;Vorls. 17.-Let Conservatives wrangle and Liberals rage, And still the fierce battle of politics wage Around us at home, while again from afar Our ears are assailed by the menace of war; Yet though troubles may come, we'll not meet them half. way, But " peace and goodwill" be our motto for aye ; And for pluck and for prowess to none will we yield, Though pens are our weapons, and printals our field. To you, knights of the " Tourney," this query 1 bring : Can we have too much of a very good thingP If not, though 'twas used by our grandsires of yore, And I fancy that you must have heard it before, Yet the greetings which partly my finals convey' Break warm from my heart to my comrades to-day. Now, for Ed. and the " Tourney" a load, ringing cheer, Prosperity, health, and a happy New Year I Cross Words. An afIirmative-not obsolete, but very rarely used. A drug of wondrous potency, too often much abused. What if Britons do (so we are taught), they ever must prevail. When our dear Ed. to gratify his readers all shall fail. An instrument of music dear to lovers of romance. To this the wisost ones will stoop just now and then, per- chance. This granny rubs on bruise or bump incurred in childish play. Mty this in merry peals be heard in every home to-day I A "Tourney " knight whose name of late we all too seldom see. A mountain named in sacred writ; familiar it should be. A charming city, gay and bright, where fashion reigns supreme. Who makes not this, each hope of fame will find an idle dream. 'Neath this the Eastern traveller finds glad shelter from the heat. A certain kind of puzzle which not frequently we meet. Last may our knights ne'er prove, but still in amity com- pete, J. A. MARSHALL, Kennington. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 18.-O'er the still landscape far and near Fair Luna sheds her lustre bright; The weary earth, in stillness clad, Sleeps calmly in the soft moonlight. The twinkling stars in heaven's dgiuo Gaze down upon the silent worll ; The northern streamers o'er the sky Gleam like great flags of light unfurled. I gaze and listen as the sound Of oars comes from the distant bay, As o'er its bosom bright a boat Slpcds swiftly on its homeward way, And to my mind the sory came Of Arthur, king in days of yore; An-i how, on such a night as this, He parted with Excalibur; And how o'er the bright waters came A bark, the hue of blackest night, And bore the dying hero from The field of that most fatal fight. And musing thus on legends old, Across the moor I wend amy way; 'Tis true the " witching hour of night" Brings fancies stranger far than day. Tar UNNOWN, Gateshead. . . . . . . . _. . . . . .