j TOURNAMENT. I PETAGRASB. K first letter of a word to form enothor word.) m Chffeth a tt m heinAow. idly dreaming.
n - siting bythe window, idly dreaming, And the shadows flickered far across the room; 'a - it idly dreaming o'er our knights in armour glAnd a strangely morbid gloom ea4 t float around and o'er me, for I saw not 'mid n goodl well.loved bards who erst had charmed us n with their song, - - sitting by the window, deeply pondering wathe tou rnameuts they first in days of yore; Of t t deeply pondering o'er their victories, and If we e'er should see them more, When a strain of sweetest music wasted round me like a ll my heart with gladness, for I knew the voice so well. SIfain would send a word of kindly greeting nto one whose cheerful face we've last in vain; AIfin would stretch a friendly hand, sincerely pleased at meeting Mr. Royston once again, And tell him, too, though other ties may take him from e na and feme, through years to come, will still remembered be. Mino TALn, London. MARION TarnoR, London. g-We two, renowned in legend old As warriors brave and giants bold, Return gnce more to earth, And with the " Tourney's" famous queen, Our names in future will be seen As warriors of great worth. Great Zeus despatched us here below, And said, " With powers I ye endow First write some mighty verse; last forth, great knights, in armour dressed, But use a pen and write with zest, And all your foes disperse." So down we came, by Hermes led, Who on the pleasant journey said, "To England ye must go, And there a journal ye will find Called Y. F. P.-bear that in mind; 'Tis there you'll meet your foe. "And till great Vulcan in his den Ras forged for you a mighty pen, Ye'll use a common quill; Bit whether with steel pen or quill, I'll promise your verses always will Be inspired by Musa still." HEncULEs AND CACTUS. NAIERATIVE MLETAGRAMS. Ninge th first letter oe a word to form another word, expressed In the nusrative.) i,-Now, once a certain lady in the "Tourney" did appear, She had a precious list, A very precious list; But on looking through the columns now we find she is not here, And that she's sorely missed, Oih, yes, she's sorely missed lie mentioned friends of great renown that she'd upon this page, Who would be missed if they did cease the " Tourney's " war to wage ; low is it that of all the crew this fair and witty sage Was the first one to be missed P Yes, the first ope to be missed. Ilbother or a sister go to foreign lands to roam, We feel that they'll be missed, They surely will be missed; ad when together you assemble in your humble home, You find that one is missed, One loving face is missed. ite eagerly you wait for news to come from foreign shores; It last the missive comes, and then you madly rush in- doors, hlAid that far away there's one who sadly now deplores Familiar faces missed, Beloved faces missed. E. GEORGE, Camberwell. 4.-Hopes are high, and hearts are light, Maidens' eyes are glad and bright, Streets are thronged with people gay, Keeping joyful holiday ; Mirth abounds on ev'ry side, Every door is opened wide, Every window is let down When the soldiers come to town. But the young men, when they see All the maidens dance with glee, Sadly and enraged depart, Jealousy in every heart; Wonder how the girls can dote (Ca a sword and a red coat, Tear their hair, and sigh, and frown, When the soldiers come to town. When at last the soldiers leave, All the girls lament and grieve, Weep in sorrow and despair Over many a lock of hair ; While the youths all care dismiss, Smile with happiness and bliss, Former woe in pleasure drown When the soldiers leave the town. CoTnuRNus. ARITHMIOREM eratl Theloeters o oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in iguros.) Foundation Word. 1,I love to roam when summer winds are sighing, Adross the meadows decked with flow'rets fair, d watch the busy bee's incessant flying, The while rich music fills the midday air m wr bling songsters in the blossomed tree-tops, ,1jsmingled with the buzz of :ssimals flies; athen we pause and think of dreary winter, And smiling, say, "This is earth's paradise. Cross Words. sand nnonat The primal peaks capped with eternal snow. Have I a wish to tread them P Thank w0 you-no. Swoye I hird a man to paint a lodge for i me' He did it with this colour-fool was Si he. trr A well.known Christian name of boy or man ; 'Tis known by all, so guess it, those l1 t 'who can. , ntete Of this I have a share, no doubt you'll say,. And so have al who read this page to. 1l5 day. as a female's Christian name now please to find; 5 t A pretty one it is, bear that in mind. Saytor If over any word I am perplexed, I always turn with joy unto my net. J. G. ncmones, Milton,.
NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex pressed in the narrativeA. " 6.-The editor entered his gloomy abode, Where of papers and such there were piles; And 'twas plain by his face he expected the place For the letters and cons. to be filled with a load. That would stretch, end to end, many miles. And he inwardly groaned, And he mournfully moaned, And he sighed like the wind. Till he looked much inclined With a rush and a gasp.to go out of his mind; But he laid all the missives with care on his desk, Then prepared to sit down on a chair; But his eye caught a seal he respected a deal, So he tarried awhile, and a smile statuesque On his face for a space lingered there. Then he sniggered in glee, As though scenting a spree; And he fondled his chin And his hands' tender skin Till a natural death died his fourteen.inch grin, And the letter he raised to examine, that he Its import no longer might lack. Then with joy light and pure-passion sweet to endure !-. His coat-tails he lifted with care nice to see, And straightway sat down on a tack. Then he sprang in the air With his eyes all aglare, And he swore, and he tore, And dashed over the floor With a speed-that a grower I-till he came to the door, And he opened it wide with a terrible roar, Dashed out, and slipped down on his-back. Then the office-boy came. But he thought it a game; So the editor, mad, Collared hold of the lad, And shook all the breath that the office-boy had Right out of his body-to tell it is s.d- And afterwards gave him the "sack." This is an example of what is the course That all earthly editors run ; Perhaps you will say that the boy's fats is worse, When all is considered and done. THE B. P., MeRnchesler, DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen. leaving another word.) 7.-Cothurous, I'm happy to know you, And hope, as I offer my hand. That the wind which has happened to blow you Across to our riddling band May make up its mind to grow stronger, Till many, now strangers, shall come, And make the long tablet much longer Of those in dear Riddledom-dom. In accents of grief and of wonder You ask why our queen is away, And think that poor Mercian's blunder Has caused her affright and dismay; I, too, have been wondering almosb If she has deserted us quite; I wonder which it would appal most To find our surmises were right. But you, if you were just where I am, Would think tht we needed a queen; We might be in Russia or Siam, For all of a moharch we've seen. By queen I mean Britain's great ruler,- Still, beg to sincerely explain That our love to her shall not be cooler, Though we never behold her agtin. So then you, believing, Cthurnus, Can see how in reason we may To the queen of our Riddledom turn us, And loyalty to her display; Pm glad, too, you've noticed our Nellie, With your praises I fully agree, For never a lark nor an 'Elli Can sing half as blithely as she. I join with you, wishing our queenly Soung queen to make haste and come back And take her position serenely, Thus hushing, alas ! and alack I And when she comes back I will bring her A wish that the primal last be Each as jocund and lively a singer As you, be you maiden or "he." IVANHoe, Belfast. NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAMI. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.--"'Tis a burning shame I" quoth the p'liceman, "That you should be out in the cold," To a lamp and tall post in the city, All rusted, and broken. and old. "Men preach for ' more light,' nay, beseech it, Unnoticing 'luminant ye; For 'leading' they beg, but how many Have safely been beaconed by thee I And how many rogues and impostors Have flattened their backs 'gainst thy post! How oft have men's noses collided, Mistaken, with thee !-why, a host! Thy clear, patient jet holds a moral- O lamp.post, thy moral unfold! 'Twill post me a little in 'lighting On criminals blackest and bold." "I burn, my dear! gas in the evening, And true to night's herald and touch, I soon let you know I'm de-light-ful, Of gas I have never 'too much.' I bear the full brunt of the tempest, But foreign to me is the sun; For why P I'm a deputy ready To act when old redface has done! I've witnessed some queer things but now, sir, Inclined I am not, and I'm pressed, For yonder's th' extinguisher coming, I must prepare for my dark-ness-t. So farewell, and weep not for me, 0, Though lower in extraction I climb Than thee, I do nightly 'receive,' O, At ten, gawky bobbies and prime." The bobby, a man of much beef, he Felt staggered, looked awfully "assy," And swore by his sergeant and chief he'd Been le(a)d in the dialogue "gassy." But while he was drawing his staff, 0, To punish the lamp-post in doubt, The lamp-man, with unusual quickness, From pity the poor light put out. V. D. T., Warrington. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter hut one of a word to form another word. expressed in the narrative.) (With aepologioes\fo J. C. Collier in No. 919.) 9.-She came when the ground was deep with mud, When.the rain in streams came pouring down, Whed darkness covered the old grey town, To seek a home where she guessed she could. She came as a half.drowned she-cat would, When the elemenits fought, and raged, and tore, And cried that we migh' unfasten the door, An4 rescue her from the drenching flood. She came, and the strivings seemed to. die- Gone from the earth was the furious shower, And the air grew close, anl dank, and sour, And the night's dark pall left the midnight sky, For the cat cast~from her awvithering cry At the tempest~fiend, fram her guardian tower. O - O. n tx Kno. 10,.-When does a loaf re snbe the flesh of a pigp H, Cox,
META.OMEGRAMS. 5' (Ohanre the first and Inst letters of a word to form another word.) 11.-Summer is dead, and the darkening clouds Are hiding its corse with their airy shrouds; The sun is no longer a primal of joy, But its fickleness now is more like to annoy; But a bright truant sunbeam, brilliant and rare, Is caught in a tress of fair Madelin's hair. Where shall I search for the bloom of the rose P Where for the heavenly blue of the skies? The bloom may be found on the end of her nose, And the heavens at midnight reflect in her eyes. Oh, varnish may Iyst on the back of the chair, But nothing can rival the tint of her hair. The scent of the onion pervadeth her form With a graceful persistency naught can express; The tints of the rainbow are high-toned and warm, And so is the shade of her " galvanic " dress. But I know there is naught in the world can compare With the peerlessly peroxide tint of her hair. A fog-horn, a flute, and a rusty old saw, A fife that would make a hyena rejoice, A wheezy old organ, a dying rook's caw, Are naught to the delicate tones of her voice. But what makes her beauty an object so rare, Is the odour of bay-rum that lies in her hair. Alas ! I am dying-a physical wreck- She blackens her eyes, and rouges her nose; She rarmines her lips, "alabasters" her neck- But these are but atoms-the least of the blows; For I've found out by chance that her dewy-bright hair She hangs every night on the bank of her chair I ROBEsRT L DIABLE, Kennington. 18.--Oh, dear are summer's hours to me On Wednesday afternoons; For I sin still Frst labour free On Wednesday afternoonse I wander through the lonely dells, And scramble up the broom-decked fells, And pluok the bonnie heather-bells, On Wednesday afternoons. Sometimes outside I do recline On Wednesday afternoons; And thoughts of gladness still are mine On Wednesday afternoons; I take such pleasant woodland walks. And read in peace my dear Yo'ng Fno!'bn. And scan with joy the "Tourney's" jokes, On Wednesday afternoons. My thoughts nest sweeter as I muse On Wednesday afternoons; And many a joyous theme I choose On Wednesday afternoons; I sing and laugh with merry glee, A happier soul could never be; And I write cons. for the " Riddle T." On Wednesday afternoons. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. DOUBLE OMEGRAf. (Chnnge the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 13.-I dreamt that I lay on a moss-covered bank, By the shade of a beautiful tree, And I heard the las sigh of the wind passing by, And I heard the sweet sob of the sea; And I thought that the quivering leaves overhead Looked down in a transport of bliss, All seeming to say, As they sang with the spray, "Oh, where is the harm in a kiss ?" And I dreamt that the flowers in the heathery dell That first at the foot of the lea, Each poppy, and pansy, and little bluobell Looked up in a rapture of glee; And the dewdrops that glistened like gems on their leaves Seemed startled, and wonderedl, I wis, When the flowers joined the cry Of the winds passing by, "Oh, where is the harm in a kiss?" And I thought the stars shining aloft in the clouds Came down with the touch of the dew, And told all the flowers in the still morning hours Of my love and devotion for you ; And I thought when I woke from that beautiful world To the knowledge and tumult of this, That my love must be true, Though so recent and new, To imagine such things from a kiss. H. A. TAYr-OR. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavngr another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Only a smutty snowdrop-that pure, white-petalled flower-- ' It wouldn't have been so dirty, but a backyard was its bower; Only a tom-cat's kidney, and an inch of its curly tail, The only meat in a penny pie which is seen in the shops for sale. Only an insane lover, strumming an old jew's-harp, Trying an ancient solo writ in the key F sharp; Only a troubled sleeper holding a nineteen shoe, Just one peep at the window-swish I through the air it flew. Only a sudden stoppage, a drop to the lowest flat, But one awakened sleeper returns to his bed at that; Only a howl of anguish as the watchdog breaks his chain, A wrench, and sounds of t-(sw)-earing are heard through the heavy rain. Only a would-be poet, with hair like a well-worn mat, List'uing with smiling patience to the cry of a wandering cat; Only an ancient rifle thrust through a window small, A bang! and blood, flesh, bones, and hair leave marks on the chamber wall. Only a sad procession winding its way along, And crowds of saddened people chorus a dirge-like song; Only a heap of rubbish where man's foot seldom treads, And the curious mourner, lingering late, on the fragments a teardrop sheds. Only two youths inditing a con. for the " Tourney" page, And each, with firm.set lips and teeth, are caught in a riddling cage; Only a joiner's hammer, and a butcher's murderous blade, But the longed.for rhyme appears, so the hands of those youths are stayed- SWrTZER AND VAN BUNG. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DE'CAPITATION. (Drop the first two lettera from a word, l tvinug another word expressed in tile narrative.) 15.-A kiss I a kiss I a single kiss I And yet, methinks, a man might brave The horrors of the gloomy grave s'eI i u raother taste of bliss. The long-dead soul might pass again The slowly-flowing Btygian stream For such another transient gleam Of nature that will ase remain I Acat! a at I afemaTee ati And yet, methinks, a man mitht lose, In hopes to kill, ten pairs of shoes, Nor stop, perchance, at'even that. A shadow oft might reappear To gitib'e and mock the man who thinks To thuaswise wound that feline minx Who taunts him oft at midnight drear. . A, STr, RITORa AND THEI BLACK PRIC.c, PALINDROMIE. . (A word which read backwards orforwards is still the same.) 1: I6.--PFlse to flu4 a vehicle's name; l Backwards or forwards 'tie the same, SC. 'E, Baauca, London.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. I.) (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-If you'll listen to me I will sing you a song, It's lovely, simply lovely; And you'll say, when I tell you it will not be long, That's lovely, simply lovely. I feel very sad, for there's something I miss- Mamma's out of town and I've no one to kiss. Though you'd hardly believe it, the writer of this Is lovely, simply lovely. The knights of the "Tourney" are marvellous men, They're lovely, simply lovely; And the ladies are quite as delightful, I ken, They're lovely, simply lovely. My farthings I save like a careful elf, And [ purchase Young Folks when I've got enough pelf; When I've " done" all the " Tourney" I say to myself, It's lovely, simply lovely. Some short time ago I was doing the same, It's lovely, simply lovely, When in one of the cons. I discovered my name, It's lovely, simply lovely- A con. by two knights that we very oft Fee, The beautiful Schofield, the glorious Leigh. I wish now to thank them for mentioning me, 'Twas lovely, simply lovely. The summer we're having is really quite nice, It's lovely, simply lovely; Each morning we contemplate skating on ice, It's lovely, simply lovely. With the cold, and the darkness, the rain, and the wind, In midsummer now one is almost inclined To make a big fire and pull down the blind, It's lovely, simply lovely. J. W. SEWELL. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning,. but the same In sound.) 18.-Good.bye, sweetheart, good-byd, darling, Think of me when I am'gone; Though for months I shall be parting From thee, dear one, do not mourn. Though for jlrst I shall be sighing When I'm far a.ross the sea, I shall know thy heart is yearning For none other, but for me. Heart of mine, alas I is breaking, That I must now part with thee; Fear not, then, that I'll be thinking Of some other 'stead of thee. While last storm is fiercely raging Out upon yon distant sea, For thy safety I'll be praying, That thou mayst be spared to me. WILD Bass AND VAN VoaELAAR. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 19.-A most amusing couple we are confident you'll find In Ballyhooly Bob and Kdllaloe: We've mutually determined all our riddles shall be signed Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloe. For months we've been engaged in the invention of a style That's decidedly original and innocent of guile; And we hope you'll deem deserving of a recompensing smile Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloe. We think it highly probable you've often heard before Of Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloe; Throughout the towns and villages our names the people roar- "Ballyhooly Bob and K illloe I" We're crammed with fun and lightsomeness, we're never aught but gay (For evidence of this we'll just refer you to our lay), And the wittiest of riddlers we're determined you shall say Are Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloo. We hope this maiden effort will be worthy two such bards As Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloo; If combination is of use, be always truest "pards" Will Ballyhooly Bob and Killaloe; Be sure we'll leave no task untried to make this famous page The joy of those who scorn the fields where other bards engage, And ne'er like us will thrive a pair in this or future age. BALLYHOOLY BoB AND KILLALOE. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a wv rd to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 20.-Dear Fred, you're a fellow whose cons. I adore, And all that I read make me want more and more, As you're so successful I'm going to ask How is it you get on so well with your task P Your cons. all are merry and witty and bright, Devoid of those qualities are all I write. Your rhythm is good, and your rhymes are as well, I cannot get either, but why I can't tell; So, " chummy," I hope you'll take pity on me, And show me the way to get fame in the " T." Dear Droffo, your praises forced blushes to rise, And so unexpected they caused me surprise; To all points you grant me I cannot lay claim, And shady indeed is the strength of my fame. Then you underrate rhyming powers you possess, For rarely, I know, do you get in a " mess." Now for the advice " to get fame in the ' T.' " Which stands on a level for you and for me: If we do our best, and to lofty heights soar, Our Ed. will reward us-what do we want more ? Dnorro AND F. JOHNsoN. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 21.-In summer-time, when skies are clear, To seaside towns we travel; Now, witty puzzlers standing'here, This con. of mine unravel. Disease may spoil a charming life, And make one quite unhuman; In fact, it did so to my wife, The neatest little woman. C. F. BLAceoBRN. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 22.-" I beg your pardon, Doctor Brown, But do you dance the 'Lancers' I" " I don't; but when their healths break down, I sometimes lance the dancers." LoNe SNowsHOE, Glasgow.