RIDDILE TO (1NAM ENT. TRANSPOSITION.
(fransPnoe the lette s In a word tn fren another word.l rnear riddlers, I make my appearance, SLechild of the country of song, And hope to find a kind welcome ith the knights of the " Tournament" strong. Sbring here.st dearly-earned laurels To raunt in the face of the brave, But I come all alone, unattended, 'Tie only your kinduess I crave. The renown of the bards of the "Tourney" Fall long hasbeen sug in my oar, And Ihoped to be heard as a minstrel, Buat was filled with a maidenly fear That the knights and the ladies would scorn me As one withut station or fame, And that I would be left all forlornly, Without e'eu a part in your game. Oh, queen and fair chief of the " Tourney," Iay for a help from your hand To raise this poor nameless Welsh maiden To a place in the " Tournament" band. And ladies and knights of fair mention, Pray look not with scorn last a maid Who asks but your slightest attention, To prevent her from feeling afraid. Let her hope that some knight from fair Gwalia Will notice a new-comer here, And will stand at her side and protect her To give her no reason for fear. Let her h pe thedt amongst all the ladies She will meet with full many a friend To greet her as sister and comrade, And to her their best wishes lend. ALICE McERVYs, Cardiff. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. lettersof a word are transposed, and form anotheor word In the narrative.i -lHere, hand in hand, come two youths of bold bearing, Wiho often have read this bright " Tournament" page, kshing the laurels oft won to be sharing, Anxious each bard in the fight to encage. ean, make puss, which are freqcently good 'uns- Thisis not brag, as VYn Bullg cau maintain; shave largo heads-of good souse, and not wood'uns- Each with a massive and ponderous brain. Shall I repeat sirs, my statement again ? Each with a massive and ponderous brain. There you are I es beyond number we've wished to be writing Cons, saob as gladden our hearts every week; ow many notes we'd be gladly inditing Could we bit know for these bards where to seek i ghin the Alps is our home--such a distance From the dark place where this journal is born!- at this fact will not advance much resistance If we're inclined this dear pan to adorn. Irereat, and expect you won't meet it with .corn. IIwe'reincliedl tllis dlear pag,. to adora. Thcre you are! hmay onr efforts cause us Iboth to lie of poots sung ! en happy, sirs, would be the lives i*, SrrITZMEn AN]D VAn BUNo. 3,-Once more my riddling friends I greet, Whom long ago I us d to meo.' Within this page's columnus cL.r. Come, call the roll I Is eanoh one here ? How many friends have wanderied by, And many new ones meet the eye! Our hearts oft ache with lonely pain, And wish our dear ones back ar;tio. Let's welcome all our new friends duly, And meanwhile, I remain, yours truly, DIANA, Cork. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. age the first letter ors a word to rrm another word, expressed in the n t:rative.t 4.-The day is done and the rain falls fast, And the wind is over the sea; And the autumn leaves, by the wind downcast, Lie dark and dead on the ]ca. And the light fades out of the sky, And the world is no longer glad; And I sit me down, and know not why I'm pleased, and yet I'm sad. Is it the fault of the air? Or the wind and the rain toether P Do I stoop at the touch of carking care, Or the touch of the dismal weather ? No, I have no grief to bear, Though I care not if I had: To me the world is still mostfair, So wherefore am I sad ? Spirit within my heart I know not what ye 1e, But I know as my fleeting days depart Ye grow more denr to me; And thus, when the shadows fall, And night comes down like a pall, And the wind goes over tle sea, Ilove to sit at my window high, And gaze in the depth of thi" starlight sky, Where the world seems always glad; And I cannot tell, for I know not why, I'm pleased, and yet I'm sad. Toss, Llangollen. Jo.King and Droffo, why do you t ilk so, Ac:d both of you hint you're not clever ? Because I think one matches t'other in fun, Fur such " cautions" I've met, sirs, no never I One yields to one all the credit of fun, And the other is willing and realy To say that tie other, his firm ridd'ling brother, Is 'ar above him, high and steady. Seach yields the point, and this i, the joint Declaration of both our brave gallants; Bat one thing I swear, and distinctly declare That they both equipoise in one balance. NELLIt WATrsoN, Cheshunt. (To Ballyhooly Bob and Kiilaloc). 6.-Ye knights, here's a welcome, ha, ha ! Oh, what comical fellows you are I That you'll long remain And write us again Is my sincere wish, so ta-ta I LonRD TICKLE-'EM-UP, London. 7.-A very sweet thing is my first; Now. if you change first letter, You'll find what people like, but would Without it be much bettecr. T. Jonst, Pimlico. A LOGOGRIPH. Ibrndch may- be treated as a meta.raS.. dIOTpit'lultin, dele- --'o"droansposition but leaves a perfoet wonr after ech 8.'ln pti'nal you will see is shown A kind of cloth, to all wel' known; Its head now change, and you have got A fruit which grows in countries hot; Deefpitate, and Io I a kind Of food for birds you will then find; ATrnep0s0s, you'll see in every clime A thilig that's dlone at harvest time; gain transpose if done soright, A charminu fruit will conme to sight; Secapitate and then pray unme Sportido ds the human fraie. ionanTo, Lisndon.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter fr im the sent re of a wor ' uo' o , leaving another word, xpressed in the narr tive.) 9.-You may sing of glorious conquests in the hard- fought battlefield, You may sing of conquering warriors who. the gleaming sabre wield; You may sing of foes defeated, armies shattered, worlds dismayed, Cities ransacked, robbed, and plundered, by the heroes of the blade. You may sing of statesmen powerful who, with strong and mighty voice, Make a name and fame eternal in the pasture of their choice, Who have framed the wisest statutes, who have made the fairest laws, Who have spent both life and vigour to the blessing of their cause. You may sing the lasting glories of the giants of the pen, Who in wisely.written volumes gave their thoughts to other men, Who upheld the cause of learning 'gainst the tyrant and the sword, And for coming men and people all their gems of knowledge stored. But my hero is the champion who amid the storms of life Does his duty bravely, nobly, never shrinking from the strife, Though against the voice of millions, yet withal maintains the right, Though he be a humble worker, yet a true and gallant knight. HERCULES. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop two letters from a word t form another word,expressed in the narrative.) 10.-I cannot sing the old songs, I do not know the words, Though ,ft I hear their music Waft like the sonlgs of birds That join in tend-r chorus To penetrate my ubreast; Ab. though I kuow the first line, I've clean forgot the rest. Let other songs be warbled, My hearst shall still hb true To those that stirred my pltosions When memory paid her due; Aid. in the distant future, I often shall recall The tunes that give me pleasure When I could sing them all. So let respect be paid 'em- These songs shall aye remain!- Oh, would the coves that wale 'em Could write such songs again I But yet I tmuser content nae With what their fame affords- I cannot sing the old songs, I do not know the wirdh. 'Tut Il. P., Manchester. DOUBLE DELET'ION. (Drop two letters from a word to form aunthrll word.) 11.-I Suppose you have never seen Jo-little Jo, A fellow with c:trrt, i siir, And n, wan little face that was gloomy-just so, And which had a pathetic lou: stare ? You khow the ine ; 1t't wt, n)%v lys habout L',vnailitu his lot ad is his coarei- The onut that we saw upon the hard stones Knoelinu and saying: his prayers; Th.ut wee little mite who leaped into the waves To rescue that golden-haired girl, Though where all ' is strength was obt aincd I don't know, To have brought forth that dear, precious pearl. Next ! you know him-that chap who begged of you a coin, First poor little lad, wan and pale, Who has always been pushed by the dread men in blue Here and there-well, now he's in gaol! S. DE BEAR. NARRATIVE DELETIONS. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 12.-Avauntl thou scourge, and do not cross my path, Lest ye ehould feel the pressure of my wrath; Thy coat of mail may he of sombre black, But 'twill not save ye from a broken back. Back-biter that thou art, front-biter, too, The blood of all's the object that ye woo; Ye prey upon t he child, the youth, the man, And have done so e'er since the world began. The maiden fair, the lover of her heart- Ye torture with thy tongue-that venomed dart Which sucks the blood of all that it can see. Go hence I thou vile and pain-bestowing flea. Es. 13.-Some men like the maiden with saucy blue eyes, Or fancy the girl with gold hair; Some youths like the lass of diminutive size, Or maid with a scholarly stare. Some old men would rather wed tender young dears, Or beauties that weightily crash; But all are convinced through the knowledge of years That the best is a wife with some cash. A. SEALEY. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, le vinsl nnother word, expressed in lhce iltrative.) 14.-Once on a time we loved with passion true, And day by day our love the stronger grew Until with love our very lives were filled; And deep within us was that fitith in tilled That, born of truth, will dying hones renew. No spiteful Fate that o'er did mischief brew Could with malicious hate our hearts imnlue, Or in an instant all our love have chilled Once on a time. And neither heart, with kindness as its cue, Coult long have kept a mad revenge in view, Nor either, were the other kindly willed, With thoughts of reconciliation thrilled, Could, all unanswered, long have had to sue, Once on a time. PIeTLO. DECAPITATIONS. IlDrop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 15.-In the glorious " Tourney" long I've drawn nor sword. nor spear; A laggard knight, nor stounch, nor strong, Your servant is. I fear; Allbeit glad to find his song Is still remembered here. I thank you, Marion, for I deemed Antyself forgotten quite; And sadly lived, nor ever dlreamed That I. a youthfnl knight, Should be by you, our queln, esteemed A hero in the fight. Lo! I will next a coat of mci!, And gird a bro ,d lword on, The which to u-o I will not fail, I fir.t by y.nder sun, Should any felon knight assail Your fame, dear lMarion. G. LEE, Chorley, 16.-- sat in the inn whilst the singing went on, Till every iota of patience was gone; And as there werp no signs that soon it would cease, I drank my i'ast ncxt and departed in peace. Worn Baoai, Lamplugh.
NARRATIVE TRIOT RAM. (Change the first thris lottlrs of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (WVith apologies to the authors of " 3Mikado.") 17.-As some day in the " Tourney " strange cognomens will be found, I've got a little list, I'll put them on this list, And if along with others I consign them 'neath the ground, They never would be missed, They never would be missed. There's the fellows who are authors of those comic paragraphs That finally (at their expense) induce so many laughs; The people who are comical with fun that's rather flat, Who'll strike a nasty attitude and vow y%, look like that; And others whom I will not name uuless you do insist- They never would be missel, They'd none of 'em be missed I There's the caterwauling feline who upon my roof does race, I've got her on my list, Upon my precious list; And if one day a brickbat shou'd be lodged upon her face She never would be missed, I know she'd not be missed. There's the poet so li:ht-headed singing in refulgent tone Auent the summer weather that we have to call ,ur own; There's the boys who in Novemnbercome e-xhibiting n guy, And ask you to remember though you rather would not try; There's the four-feet little " chappie" always trying to enlist, I'm sure he'd not be missed, He never would be missed I The parachutie wonders are becoming rather rife, I've got 'em on my list, Upon my pretty list; But if each made one small mistake and lost his precious life, D'ye think that he'd be missed ? D'ye think that he'd be missed? There's the young and budding editors (the amateurish kind), Who'd quickly start a paper if their parents did not mind; Although in this our happy land I mention could a few, The task of naming all the lot should now be left to you; You can place just whom you like upon my very precious list, They'd none of 'em be missed, They'd none of 'em be missed. E. GEORGE. META.O MEGRAM. (Chanoe the first and lnst letters of ai wld 1 o form another word.) 18.-When down I sit to write a con. I fiud now to my sorrow It's very hard to get a theme, unless some one you borrow; For everything is now used up-is getting stale and staler, And when I wonder what to write, my visage white grows paler. There's "Spring." That's no good nowadays, for Ed. will not accept it; I'd write of love, first I'm afraid he'd simply just reject it. The last, the sky, the moon, the earth, are all as old as Adam : It's no use singing of my girl, or s.uy other madam. I'd prbise you bards, but that's been done so very, very oftei, That if I did you might suppose my brain commenced to soften; I tbink I'd better turn it up, and this weok cut my caper By hoaing we'll have many years with dear old Young Folks P'aper. Dtao;o, London. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM, (Change the two last letters of it word to fIr:e another word in the narrative.) 19.-Oh, Jealousy, why dost thou roam the land, And leave distress where'er thou lay'st thy hand ? Why dost thou step between the lovers true ? Make them each other doubt, and misconstrue Each action, word, or utterance they make, And often cause the loving heart to break ? Why dost thou in thy dry, insidious way Each trifling thing in darkest light portray P Until with heart so full of grief and care, The victim yields himself to will despair. With luch a baneful sway on every hand, Oh, Jealousy, why dost thou roam the land ? AnY IIALLOT AND MaRY, Glasgow. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word., I aving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 20.-I loved a maid, a maiden fair: She was a glorious creature; She bolted with my coach and pair, Also the village preacher. She left me with a broken heart, And gone for e'er my peace is; The wedding coat I bought off Smart All stained with tears and grease is. I bought a hat, a silken one, She liked it, did Selina; The boys have made it, just for fun, Into a concertina. My heart is sad since she has gone, I shouldn't mind it much, though, If I hadn't spent my money on Her blessed wedding trousseau. The man that was to make us twain Be one, thought he would win her; And so they bolted. Ah! with pain I ate up all the dinner. I thought-it nearly made me crv- "I hope he won't forsake hert;" And though I'm not quite two yards high, My heart was quite an scher. All me! I've but a broken heart, Of false love that's a token: But if that chap comes round this part He'll get a head that's broken. J. C. COLLIER. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavin:i another word.) .21.-Among our Irish riddlers shines a gallant yring knight; Ne:t figures each week In the "Tournament" fight. In all kinds of weather ie always is there- 'Tis T. Ward, of Dublin, To .first I refer. May his cons. still be seen Each week in the " T.," And, filnlly, great Will his re- tard be. J. BI.RELL, ENIG MA. 22.-I blink andil I lob in the centre Of a. happy and jocular smile; In India and Iceland I wander For many and many a mile; I blink, and I wink, and I sigh, Thoughl never, my friend, do I cry. Old England has never yet seen me, Though Ireland has me for its head; And, great-st of wonders, in Y. V'. P. I'm sure I have never been read; Now can you, dear riddlers, inme guess ? Or have you defeat to confess ? R. L. JEFFRaSON AoD DnOFoT.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanlng, hit the same in sound, expressed In the narrative ) 23.-Here at my desk I sit and think, With paper yet unstainled by ink, Though ink and pen are here; Oh. come, thou sweet Euterpe, come, And in my ear sweet music hum, Mv sinking heart to cheer. All restless is my candlelight, For Boreas is wild to-night, The air is filled with sighs; And shadows dance around the room, Like weird spectres in the gloom, With low and murmuriung cries. Yet ere I lay my wear,' hi+ td Upon my humble little bed, I would ia ponu write; Do thou, sweet iEune., assist me now, To be a poet teach me how, Before I sleep to-night. My heart is weary of the day, But one cannot be always gay While Tellus h.,lds us h .ro. Oh, come, thou sweet Euterpe, come, And in my ear sw-eot music hum, My sinking heart to cheer. J. W. SEWLrL. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation WVords. 24.-I n " Tourney " realms a bard we see V anquishing each foe easily; A nother such the " Ri. T.'s " pages N o'er has seen amongst its sages; H er witty ssill and fluent quill O 'er other bards has gained the sway, E ach of whom calls her queen to-day. Cross Words. One of my friends-a sweet maiden; A bark with mnerchandise laden; To every " Tourney " bard 'tis due; Is owned by honest men and trune; To solve requires your utmost skill; One of a kind of daffodil ; Should be found in mythology; Well versed in old thol gy; Will bring to view a metal rare; Females, imperious and fair; Here fruit trees in their prime are found; On " Tourney" page do they abound. RODERTO, London. FIoundation IVords. 25.-The initials, re id downwards. give the name of a "Tourney " knight; linats, upwards, his country. Cross Words. Oh, dismal region, I would never be With my good-will a wanderer in thee. Is it not here ? The goods will be delayed, And blame alight on me. I am afraid. Here, where men show themselves the foes of man, To carry out a new crusade some plan. This word's the imprimuatur o, ls iqu s moost dread, Whose vengeance dire falls on the tyrant's Ilead. And this if mentiounl whenv it's out of sight, 'Makes the heart faster be:at, I-h,: cyes Crow bright. Comrade, now ship this, while we silent float, And from you covert hear the wild-bird's note. This prophet's name on Biblc-page is foundl. Now, knight, I leave you with salaam proiouud. PALINDROME-DOUB LE.ACt ROSTIC. (All the cross words Ire p uliudroines.) FoLundation Word. 26.-Primals and fleals take and place, In both an Irish town you trace. Cross Worde. An act well done the heart will claim; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. The essence of sweet flowers I name; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. This world I shun, its joys decaim; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. A very old ancestral dame; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. This can the noisy always tameu; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. This is a lady's pretty name, Backwards or forwards spelt the same. This is the sort of head I claim; Backwards or forwards spelt the same. E. J. ScHOFIELD AND A. R. St. RITCIe. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of ar ss words that are Roman numerals expressed in Itgures.) Folundation e Waord. 27.-He prowls along the garden walls, And to his loved one sweetly (?) calls; 'Tis midnight; raise the window-frame, Just lift your arm And-now then-aim I A howl, a yell, a piercing shriek; He'll feel that brick for many a week. Cross Words. 550 and zuezp A word which signifies perplexed. 101 ,, run on A fabled animal is caxt. 50 ,, tas A mineral used at dinner-time. 50 ,, tese With pen of this I writemyrbhyne. 1,000 ,, yourath All ye who se.k a holiday, Go to this place without delay. E. FoussYTH. PALINDROME. (A word which road backwa:rds or fore' uris is still the samue.) 28.-In the city 'tis well known; Reversed, and the same is shown. SEAsTTai, Brockley. CONUNDRUM. 29.-What is the difference between an eagle and the scream of a pretty young lady P-P. WYATT, Notts.