RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word ohosen, leaving another word.)
1.-The Grecian bards have told a wond'roas tale; In heathen lore and old mythology 'Tis found, yet none can ever read and fail To learn a wholesome principle thereby. Brave Jason in the stout ship primal sailed, Long years second, away from balmy Greece; And with him took his crew, equipped and mailed, From evil hands to snatch the " Golden Fleece." I only pause to tell you one strange deed- How Jason planted in a rough, ploughed field, And using serpent's teeth in lieu of seed, Up sprang an armed band with sword and shield. Our Jason is our Ed., and he has sown His serpent's teeth within our columns long; Shame that a want of riddles he should own, And vainly call to votaries of song. Sir Scrivener, now seize your subtle lance, And bathe it in your ink.horn's dusky blood. Spring up, bold army I each shall have a chance : On Young Folks office pour an inky flood. A. E. HooPER. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 2.-When we from these we love are absent far, No thought is to the human heart more dear Than that through years our recollections are Still cherished with love changeless and sincere. It seems to shine through space like some bright star, To cheer the lonely heart and dry the tear; And, oh I how sadly sweet it is to know That some one thinks of us where'er we go I The soldier, when for "liberty or death" He fights, remembers she who waits for him, And when the black-winged Angel hurrieth Across the field, remorseless, stern, and grim, And strikes him down, as ebbs his fleeting breath, And as his aching eyes grow cold and dim, His last thought is, " When 'neath the sod I sleep, Ah I she will find her soldier's grave and weep." The sailor, when he hears the billows roar, Thinks of the mother who so loves her boy, Of how she longs to see his face once more, And how her poor old heart will beat with joy; Or of the bright-eyed lass he left on shore, To whom his absence is love's sole alloy. The exile doomed o'er desert lands to roam Finds comfort in " They love me still at home." And so, kind friends, 'tis very dear to me, The thought that you all recollect me yet, And I have felt how sweet it is to be, When absent, still remembered with regret; And gratefully the truant Nellie C. Returns to those who do not soon forget, And if our Editor will first to this, I promise I'll no more be so remiss. Dear Eveline, my humble thanks to you I give, and hope that you and Marion T., And all our lady writers good and true, Mliss Lottie, and Diana R. O'D., Will welcome ime; and, whilst we have in view The second of Parnassus, let us be Fast friends, and so I sign myself once more, Not Nellie Coulson, now, but as of yore, N:li.rie C. 3.-The bolts of heaven thundered Till the clouds were rent and sundered, And belated travellers trembled As they first beneath the storm; For the blood-red moon was peeping Through the clouds that, onward sweeping, So fearfully resembled Dreadful thiegs of every form. The rushing wind was moaning, And the forest monsters groaning, With their writhing branches beckoned, As it were, forhelp to come; And a fearful, horrid screaming Of a demoniac seeming Made each listener a second, If he was afar from home. It sounded o'er the highways And the unfrequented byways That led, before uniting, Through a dark and dismal grove; But when near investigated All its fearfulness abated, For it was two ton cats fighting For their plunder or their " love." SHAMRocK, Armagh. CENTRAL CHANGE. 1Chanege the central letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-Did you know, gentle friends, that a poem I can pen with remarkable ease ? And also that puns-well, I throw 'em At people whenever I please. They frequently laugh for an hour At a witty remark or a joke; And those that are awfully sour Oft laugh till they very near choke. But my con. I'm completely unheeding; I'll boast of my talents no more, But quickly will now be proceeding, Or you will declare me a bore. So please to write down for this riddle A beautiful fruit-one that's known; But when you have altered the middle A fish will be left, you will own. J. A. MAnsHaLr. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 5.--Sweet primal, gladdest, merriest time and season of the year, Thy coming, oh, we gladly greet, for vacation then is near. We, freed once more from slavery (and here with joy we quiver), Can hie from odious offices, and " camping" go up river. And a jolly thing that "camping" is, for more one couldn't wish, Even when the finals turn out fine, to sit and idly fish; The " tent-li:e " may be rather rough, but nothing when you know it; And if you cannot row the boat, jump out, my lads, and tow it. Oh l when the whole are fine and warm, and " fayre Luna" shineth bright, Then, above all other worldly joys, "camping" is our delight. Cross Words. 'Tis what you will have if this riddle you guess, And all we can add is, we wish you success. You'll find one for cooking your kitchen contains, And now to curtail it you'll please take the pains. For third write a vessel, and you will agree 'Tis one that, indeed, never yet sailed the sea. As fond of our clothing this thing has been traced-- In fact, it will gnaw them, and relish the taste. In fifth please put down what you do ev'ry lay. And more times tha;l twice, sir-what more shnll we say4 Though heavy, collectors will see that we pay 'em. " Bon jour, riddling laddies I-Yours, WALLIS AND GRAvAar. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre ofa word to form another.) 6.-Where the sun's fierce rays at noonday Force a passage through the trees Of the gloomy forest jungle, Undisturbed by passing breeze, There the glist'ning, deadly primal Sports his colours in the light, Seeking through the day enjoyment, CGliding forth for food at night. From the first delete the centre, Then a bygone tale appears, By a clever, well-.hnown writer, Who has charmed us all for years With her entertaining stories, Filled with interest and wit; But of all her works in Young Folks, Second is my favourite. Amy BoERmma, ShornolifEc.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-I do not come with pointed lance; my form's not clad in war's array; I am not first, no armour wear-my soul would hie me from the fray; I seek not love from " ladye fayre," nor hold I any pledge or gage; I, uninvited, only next to join the Y. F. puzzle page i My weapon's but a pen (a " J "), my sole supply the ink I " sling;" My wits are poor, my aim is weak, and doleful are the lays I sing; My puzzles will be sad attempts; I'm not an old or learned sage; But, prithee, Ed., oh ! tell me true, may I join in your puzzle page P My ink is fading, like my muse ; the hour of inspiration's past; Fair Luna's hid behind a cloud; my candle's flutt'ring in the blast; My paper's mildewed, wet, and worn; my pen's a stump with wear and age; For pity's sake, Ed., tell me quick, may I join in your puzzle page ? G. HEaRseT. [Yes, certainly. We consent with pleasure.-En.] 8.-The belle of the village, none prouder than she, Katrina van Rnyter by name; In coquetry, all in the place did agree, She'd earltd an undying fame. Her cheeks red as roses, a figure so last, And dresses to set off her charms, With grand expectations, no wonder men cast Themselves at her footstool in swarms. She serv'd all alike-simply open'd the door, Then seized a large primal of wood, And calmly laid on till they wanted no more, Then bade them " Go home and be good." 9.-With Fancy's eye again I view That painting rare, first every hue Was dimmed with age, yet well displayed The touch of genius which had made It what it was-a work of art. The picture showed one tree apart From next grouped round; beneath it lay A maiden fair as dawn of day; Above (the meaning puzzled me) A harp hung on the withered tree. Ere long I heard the story told: A knight and maid, in days of old, Beneath this tree had breathed their vows; And as the birds sang on the boughs, She touched her harp in witching strain, Aud begged the gallant knight remain, Nor venture to those cruel wars. "Nay, love I I'm called to follow Mars ; But when the fight is o'er," said be, " Come meet me 'neath this leafy tree." Months passed away, the fight was o'er; But that brave knight beheld no more His lady-love, for on the plain He lay amid the hundreds slain; Whilst she-the maid-watched day by day Beneath that tree, till every ray Of hope was quenched, and dull despair Had filled her heart with grief and cafe. But to her promise true to be, Still watched she by the forest tree. Time still sped on, and left his trace Upon the maiden's form and face; The tree grew withered, sere, and bare, As the lone maid who waited there. At length, heartbroken, weary, sad, Farewell to earth and life she bade. " Dear Paul I I come I I come I" she cried, And sinking backwards calmly died. They found her corpse, and silently Her harp hung from the withered tree. EVELINE C. GILY, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 10.-" The' Tournament's' declined," he said, and sighed. " First are the riddlers of other days When it was at its zenith ?" I replied, " Why, resting on their bays." " Baysl" he replied, with scorn, " you are a 'cove' To harbour thoughts like those I Why, they'd aspire; When they forsook the ' Tournament,' they strove For regions higher. " Well "-groaning dismally-" I am resigned To Fate, but "-next he broke off in the middle; Continuing, "The ' Tournament's' declined, And so's my riddle 1" D. G. HOLMES. 11.-My first is but a valley; Now of its head dispose, To your surprise a kind of beer It will to you disclose. A. HumBLE, Douglas. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram,.decapitatlon. dio tion, and transposition, bat leaves a perfect word after dh operation.) 12.-To find this word may puzzle you, Because 'tis not complete; Reversed, an object comes to view Whose active use we do not care to meet; Take off the head, a thing appears, Whose terrors none disdain; And shortened still, may bring our tears, If we are subject to its sharpest pain. As pleasure none is found by this reversal, Restore us our first word-the rest are routed; And though it claims a presence universal, My statement first above must not be doubted. R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 13.-My first is a very large animal, In fables it is well renowned; My next is that part of a river In which people seldom are drowned; My whole, you must know, is a small English towe That often in history is named, It stands on the banks of a smooth, gliding stream, And is for a college well famed. SITZ, Dnngsrvan. 14.-My first you will always find under my second, And the latter when worn is an ornament reckoned; My whole is an insect which, though very small, Is hated and shunned and demolished by all. Boesc. 15.-Observe yon fine vessel come out of the bay. See I from her cutwater she dashes the spray, With stun-sails aloft, she proceeds on her way; But why does she sail on a Friday P On dashed the ship with a favouring gale, All hands were employed increasing the sail. . " We shall soon reach my first," said the mate," ithbu5 fail. Although we have sailed on a Friday." But Jack, an old salt, up aloft, shook his head, "My lads, he may say so, but don't be misled; She'll come to my second before that," he said, " Because she has sailed on a Friday." A week had just passed, all was going on well, When, without any warning-most painful to tell' She struck on a rock; with a crash the masts fell, And thus she was wrecked on a Friday. With her side laid all open, the ship gave a roll, . And the wild waters rushed through the wide, gaping hole. Alas I it came true, as old Jack did my wholo. She sank, and she sailed on a Friday. Hi Boot