RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADES.
(Forme I on a word each syllable of whlao is a word.) 1.-The dark-hued Spanish minstrels sing A legend of a poet king, Who loved so well and ardently Poets and their sweet art, that he Issued abroad this proclamation, As means of raising emulation: "The bard, whate'er his rank or station, Shall claim the lovely princess' hand, With acres broad and rich of land, Who writes the finest whole and best." Thousands were penned; among the rest One was so musical and sweet, With tend'rest sentiments replete, And yet withal sublime and rare, No other could with it compare. " The poet shall receive his due! But who, then, is the poet-who ?" A fisher youth, with wondrous eyes And noble bearing, claimed the prize. First of a fisherman was he, And cast a next as skilfnuly As he in lited poetry. The monarch gazed with admiration Upon this youth of lowly sta ion. " And will," he asked, " my daughter wed The youth;ul bard ?" She hune her hea.d, But, oh ! her glance of love replied; And thus the fisher won his bride. G. Tuor. 2.-A faithful first to shield our name, And guide our steps from pathways wro::g; To cleave and cling with love as strong When passing clouds obscure our faae. To greet us with a kindly voice When all within seems cold and drear; To raise us up from depths of fear, And bid our wounded souls rejoice. To gently dry our weeping eyes, And fill our lives with light again, To share our earthly meed of pain, And with our sorrows sympathize. When on some stately next we stand, About to journey far away, While salt tears mingle with the spray, To hold, with lingering grasp, our hand. When boundless oceans roll between, To take our faded face and gaze Along the length of olden days, And keep our memory fresh and green. E'en such a noble first will stem And help to calm the fiercest tide Such whole within our hearts abide, Our greatest joy, life's richest gem. HORacE W., Brighton. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Wlords. 3.-A mine of wealth in this is seen- Wealth of a certain kind, I mean : Most precious stores therein we inud Of food and treasure for the mind. Cross Words. An unconnected list, I fear, Of funny words will now appear: An Eastern name ; a river find ; An angel bright next bring to mind; Part of your body fourth will be, So find it out, my friend, for me; And for the answer to this rhyme, Perchance you'll have to fifth a time. LOTTIE W., Brighton. ACROSTICS. (.t word, or word,, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 4.-A venison pasty thar now we ne'er meet. Though through life we the same very often may eat. Cross Words. A fabulous animal herein is seen, In conjunction, I trow, with the arms of the Queen. Of all the mystic passions abounding in my breast, Thy chords so sweet and thrilling are unto me the best. It may be of beef ; I'd inform you as well, That a title most surely to you it will tell. If friendly, perhaps, you'll contribute your mite; A substance, you'll find, that is far from being liglih. An animal herein I've hidden; May knowledge favour you when bidden. A beauteous bird, not overrated; By Greeks to Juno dedicated. If rightly I guess, I am bought for a penny; In winter I often give pleasure to many. A forest not a hundred miles from London situated, And for its sylvan scenery most justly celebrated. G. GRANT, Petersham. Foundation Word. 5.-Swift'y towards Albion's sea-girt shore, Cmtsar his conquering legions bore; Full eighty ships, on warfare bent, The fresh'ning breeze to Britain sent. The ships twelve thousand warriors throng- Twelve thousand warriors stout and strong - Soldiers whose conqu'ring arms have hurl'd Dismay and death through half the world; For Rome, the seven-hill'd city, prides Herself on war, and peace derides. Soon Britain's chalk-white cliffs appear, And towards the strand the Romans steer; The cliffs of Kent loom step and white Upon th' advancing squadron's sight. The Britons, grouped in war array, Await the contest of the day; A fierce and savage host they seem, Who ne'er of death nor conquest dream. The ships soon gain the fated strand, And Rome's proud legions strive to land ; An eagle-bearer leads the host. The tenth primal his conquests boast; Oft Rome's fierce foes have deeply felt The blows the warrior chief has dealt. Fiercely and long the Britons strive Towards the sea their foes to drive; But Roman discipline at length Asserts itself with warlike strength, And Britain and her dusky bands Suffer defeat from Roman hands. Cross Words. First's famous for its cedar trees: And next's are insects, though not bees; For France the ancient name; In heathen lands these worshipp'd are; Their feathers come from lands afar; In France he gather'd fame. AGRIPPA. ENIOGMIA. 6.-I did not always to the world present The same appearance which you now obsers ea, For travelling from place to place I went Borne on the back of one I had to serve For coat by day, and blanket warm by night; But now, so altered am I to the sight, My former master would not recognize His ancient servitor in this disguise; For on my surface you may see displayed Black, blue, red, yellow-in fact, every shade: I'm knocked about and kicked by men at play, And underfoot am trodden every day; Sometimes within a close embrace I hold The lives of poets and of heroes bold Day after day the labour has been mine To make your trinkets and your windows shine; Unique I am, for people all agree In saying there is nothing quite like me. GooD Lu-rTwr.
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a wo.d to form another word.) 7.--Sowly was the day declining, and the sun's last rays were shining O'er a maiden's first reclining 'neath a shelt'ring a!der tree; And I, slowly homeward wending, heard her voice so sweetly blending With the plashing of the streamlet in this dulcet melody : " Could I, like this little river, sing a happy song for ever Laughing gaily if huge boulders on my way I chance to meet, Never tired and never weary, taking all things bright and cheery- Could I but be like this river, would my life then be complete ? " Could I make a reputation, so that every tribe and nation Won:d, with untold awe and wonder, speak my name in praises sweet; So that like you star above have mankind look up and love me- Could I but be great and famous, would my life the, be complete ?" Then a voice like music sounding came next out th b trees surrounding, Saying, " Nay, my child, grim trials in this world we e'er will meet; Not until we rest in heaven, sins and follies all forgiven Sleeping on a Father's bosom, will we find a life corn. plete." MatION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a loetter from the oeltre of a word to form another.l 8.-Where vessels brave the angry wave, And sea-mews sail o'erhead, Deep down below the wave, I grow In Father Neptune's bed. No man on earth observes my birth, Yet deems me treasure rare; And ladies sweet ne'er look complete Without my presence fair. Now, bid depart my inmost heart By necrou.ancer's tricks, No more am I i thing of joy, But black as fabled Styx. And underground, in mines, I'm found. Men toil for me all day; Yet, though my erace you may displace. My value still will stay. J. P. HARRInnOaoo. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. ]caring another wrrd.l 9.-" Will you give me a first, sir ?" the toper cried, As he stood at the tavern door; And he wistfully gazed at the room inside, Where he often had been before. But the bar.keeper came to the door-said he: " Get you gone; you are umad, I fear ; If you come to my tavern thus poor," said he, " You will get little welcome here." "Oh, for the second !" Lord Icicle cried, "And, oh, for the whirling wheel! How swiftly over the floor I would glide! What pleasure I used to feel ! If a lady would come very near," said he, " 1 would pause for a second or two, Then across the whole floor like ia deer," said he, " Just to show her what practice could do." " Oh, for some third !" the poor author clied, As lie sat at his desk one day. The sun had been strong, and had almost dried All his black and blue third away. " I have no more money to buy," said he, " A supply of the precious stuff ; If what I have still doesn't dry," said lie, " If I'm careful it may be enruch." G. P. DEsao:,. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but tile same in sournd 10.-One night, being lonely, I went to the play, A nautical drama to see; The papers of it had a good word to say, to I thought that amused I would be. The hero, of course, was a gallant young tar, With straw bat and trousers of duck ; H. loved pretty Mary, who stood at the bar Of the old inn, "TThe Hounds and the Buck." Her father, Tom Tug, wore his hair in a first, It looked very odd, I can tell; While the villain-and he looked of villains t.e worst- Was got up as no end of a swell. Of course the fair maiden was canried away By the squire; but she soon was set tree, For the hero rushed in when ie heard Mary soy, " Hands off i" 'Twas his next, don't you see. The squire he got shot; Mary's father came in, And blessed her rescuer, and said : "To keep you apart longer would be a sin, So to.morrow, my dears, you may wed." SPorSTnoKE, Glasgow. METAGR AM. (Change the first letter of a i ord to form another worul) 11.-The night was rough, the wind did first, And loud the thunder roar'd; The lightning flash'd, the rain from heaven In torrents downward pour'd. Bent on an errand to his poor, A monk his journey took; With next well down, and staff in hand, He did the tempest brook. And consolation to his flock This holy man did give, For was it not his lot to help His fellow men to live ? J. J. BA'ras, Shefirld. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving mnother wrlJ.( 12.-Our good ship had received her primal, And on her homeward voyage started; She made goc 1 way, and for a time all On board were merry and light-hearted. But soon a mighty storm burst o'er us- A storm which tilled all with great last ; At legth it ceased, and there before us Our harbour lay, all danger past. S. W. HAYEs. ,Vorcea*r. CO UNDRUM. 13.-Presence of mind is an excellent part In a moment of peril and danger, And when I declare there's a better, you'll start, And affirm that to truth I'm a stranger. If I say it is true, you will vow it is not, But I'll prove it next week to the letter; You'll see, then, in railway collisions, sir, what Is than presence of mind so much better. VESrro. ROTATION CHANGE. (Chanee the letters of a word in saacession to form other words.) 14.-A kind of bog or marshy place; My next's a number, 'tis not eight: My third will bring to view a weight; A man'a name in my last you'll trace. IiIPlATUt.