Our friend T. W. KrrITCHE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 1. "You must," said Lady Smith; "come, no denying." So off I went like one about to die, And stood upon the platform, vainly trying To give a note, which went, alas I too high. Musicians stopped-the scene was now appalling; Lady Smith had fainted clean away, While gentlemen within my first were calling For wine; they seemed in such a dreadful way. I felt so ill-my nerves were really shakenj In accents wild, I said, " I'll sing again. But, in saying this, I sadly was mistaken, And caused the guests unnecessary pain. I stood aghast-all wondered at my pausing; My only hope had fled-I knew not where. I bowed my now diminished head, thus causing A merry little giggle here and there. My situation now was far from pleasing; My eyes were dimmed with tears i I could not see; I stood dumbfounded, found relief in sneezing, For a score of eyes were riveted on me. I then got in a last, and fiercely turning Unto the company, I harshly said, "No more my humble efforts you'll be spurning. Farewelll" I cried, and sadly shook my head. T. W. KIrCHNER. METAGRAM. No. 2. Sir Web le Spider was, a wicked knight, both bad and bold, And in this poor attempt at rhyme his history shall be told. Web Spider Castle was his home, and here he lived alone, For no chivalrous and true knight his friendship e'er would own. It chanced that Baron Butterfly-a stranger there-one day, Whilst hunting, had lost all his friends, and likewise lost his way, So, weary with the chase, he stopped outside the castle grim, At which the wicked knight came out, andbade good day to him. "Pray tarry here," Le Spider said, "and you I'll enter. tain." The baron entered, but, alas I he ne'er came out again; Sir Web le Spider locked the gate, then, with a cruel grin, Said to the baron, "'Twas of your free will that you came in." The baron was a man of might, a swordsman of renown, Yet on the ground he soon did first, while Spider kept him down; Then from his pouch he drew a cord to next the baron there, Then, with a loud and cruel laugh, bade him to third pro. pare ; Then bound his cords round baron's neck, and struck him on the bead, And ere two minutes more had passed poor Butterfly was dead. But then he heard the baron's friends outside the castle gate, And shouted out to them, "Your friend is dead, andyou're too late." And then the knights and peasants razed his castle to the ground, But Web le Spider, wicked knight, was nowhere to be found. Poor Baron Butterfly they buried where the grass grows green, But from that day Sir Web le Spider never more was seen. F. R. CoULsoN. ENIGMA. No. 3. Where giant oaks their waving branches spread O'er the young sapling springing at the foot, From each tree's patriarchal gnarled head Mantling I stretch, e'en to the mossy root. My post as a protector still I hold, Through summer's heat and winter's eager cold. Centuries go: though yet grand and sublime, The tree hath suffered from the hand of time; In circles round the dark rough bole appears My chronicle of the fast passing years. head thou the legend writ on Nature's page, The circles count, and learn the monarch's age. I lightly skim upon the stormy wave, Whose foam shows white against a dark'ning sky. I carry to his home the fisher brave, Whose wife looks for me with a tear-dimmed eye; The fisher sitteth calm, and trims the sail, To run before the fast.approaching gale. A starless night; the moon no single beam Of light doth give; darkness and silence reign. Sure, rObbers now could do their work unseen, And fill their pockets with unholy gain, But that the dog, as he their footsteps hears, By me informs his master of his fears. J. H. BATCHELOR, BOW, ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Words. A lady riddler whom we all admire In primals, if you'll make them out, you'll view i Of her good riddles I shall never tire, The same, I daresay, may be said of you. Cross Words. Without my first you could not live, I fear; At any rate, 'tis called the staff of life. And third, which is a plant, caused me a tear, When through its body I first stuck a knife. Second's a colour-I'll not say 'tis white, For if I did I would be wrong, I think; And for my fourth a tree you must indite, Which oft grows o'erthe grave's sad, mournfulbrink. You'll all agree with me now when I say Sweetmeats of ev'ry kind are fifth to eat; In leafy June, that month so bright and gay, Doth bloom this flower so tender, rare, and sweet. My next doth certainly belong to you; And eighth is such a pretty lady's name, But lo ! here comes my boundless last to view, So vast, so will, it doth God's power proclaim. D. F. O'CO bo, Kin ale.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. We live our whole in this fair world; But if by you transposed, What means a little particle Will quickly be disclosed. Behead, transpose, and now you see What most of people wear; The ladies wear it, and the gents- But, no, not in their hair. R. GRATr. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 6. Now, from a northern Irish town That does not boast of great renown The centre take, And it will make A kind of road in countries found; About my first it does abound. DEMOSTHENES.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 7. W. H. BIRD, Holloway.
DECAPITATION. No. 8. How proudly first the waves! How loud the tempest raves! As o'er the waters sounds a hollow boom From some fast.sinking ship, Where comes from every lip The cry, " We're drifting fast unto our doom I" "All's next I" the sentry cries, And rubs his sleepy eyes As he paces up and down outside the camp; He wishes he was-where ? Well, rather inside, there, Than walking here, where all feels cold and damp. A maxim old but true, And good as when 'twas new, Is " Give some folks an inch, they'll take a third. I'm sure you think 'tis time I closed this feeble rhyme, So I'll withdraw without another word. W. SAUNDEns, Powmill.
PROVERIB EBUS. No. 9. ' ilBf at ELANO, Belfast.
CHARADE. No. 10. Brightly the sun shines overhead, 'Tis a lovely summer day, The birds sing sweet, and the sky is first- All nature looks fresh and gay. I hear my second's merry chime By the wind borne o'er the brae, For brown-eyed Helen, our hamlet's pride, Is wedded to Hugh to.day. He is handsome, and she is fair In her robe of spotless white; A bouquet she holds in her dainty hand Of my wholes, so sweet and bright. AnrY ROBSART. ENIGMA. No.11. You may eat me or drink me, Deny it who can; I'm sometimes a woman, And sometimes a man. SWAG. REVERSION. No. 12. An animal first, an animal last; Now turn them both around If done with care, well, I declarel An acid salt is found. M. FsTa wqut, Bradford.
ACROSTIC. No. 13. Foundation WPord. An English bard of glory bright, Whose name will never die, If primals are read down aright, Will rise before your eye. Cross Words. Ont-springing from the arms of night, My lovely first appears. It brings the sun's bright, joyous light To dry the dewy tears. O land of song O land of song I Thou green, immortal isle, Upon thy hills and valleys long May the dear shamrock smile. All hail to thee, thou crystal stream I How fair thy waters lave I Thy silvery course by Cork doth gleam, To join the Atlantic wave. Great Homer in immortal song Has sung this city's fall, And told how the opposing throng Did fight before the wall. Amid the desert's shifting sand And all the dangers there, This, beautiful and bright, doth stand, Like hope amid despair. Shorn of his glory, fortune's rays Had ceased to yield their smile. This vanquished hero ends his days Upon a little isle. SRAMuocs, Armagh. CURTAILMENTS, No. 14. Here is a man whose business is To carry things about; Some time when you've been travelling You've seen him, I've no doubt. Now take away from him his tail, And you will see this time A Government of which you've heard, That's often called sublime. J. TnowsDALs, ('pa, No. 15. Hark I the clock is striking four. Boys rush to the open door, Seize their caps, and burst away, First their cares in merly play. Mingling with the shouts of boys Is a distant clanking noise; This does from my next arise, Where the smith his hammer plies. CONCn TII. , DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 16. My first's in head, but not in pate; 'Tis not in dread, yet 'tis in hate. My next by fishermen is used ; 'Tis always in a school; It's by a youngster much abused, If, poor lad, he's a fool. Dear friends, think of a ferale's nane, Of which you've often heard, For I intend to take the same To fill the place of third. My fifth is very soft indeed; I've often heard it said That cooks without it could not knead A cake or loaf of bread. An ancient Grecian fury who Was very fierce and fell, Dear friends, for sixth please bring tn view. My last is seen in yell. In centrals see a quality Which we should all possess: I have po doubt you'll find it out, For it's not hard to guess. F. T. RIDLET, Newcastle, CHARADE. No. 17. A word for falsehood first may be reckoned; A simple vowel will give my second; A number next write, 'Twill bring third to light; Now, please, don't get vexed, An insect is next. The parts now unite, and, dear friends, I ween, A rank in the army soon will be seen. P. N. GAFxsr Dublin LOGOGRIPH. No. 18. Behead a certain riddler's name, A name not quite unknown to fame; When this is done there will remain A most nutritious kind of grain Kind reader, please behead this last, Then to it make a new tail fast; Now treat it to a head, and then The answer is within your ken, For it is clear to the most obtuse That 'tie what we in building use.