RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TR ANSPOSITION.
(Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 1.-Loud and fierce the waves were dashing, Making a tempestuous roar; Splashing, smashing, angry crashing On the rough and rocky shore. O'er the sea a ship is sailing, Fighting bravely on her way; Mournful is the crew's sad wailing, Knowing but too well that they Might not see another day. O'er the vessel leaps the water. Can all hopes of life be past ? See the captain's little daughter First so tightly to the mast. Ah! a form they see appearing, Strained is every anxious eye. 'Tis 'he lifeboat towards them steering; Loud their praises to the sky. Second! Second! is the cry. MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. POLYPHONE. (A word which hso different sounds, and bears a different meanig with elachchhange of pronunciation.) 2.-There was a lawyer who Wholly disgusted grew With all the world, its lack of worth and piety, Its snares and pitfalls, so Determined he would go And live without the pale of man's society! An arid first he chose To dwell in, where uprose Nor house, nor mansion lofty, grand and stately, too; His old and rocky cave Possessed one drawback grave- Some beast of prey had dwelt there-very lately, too ! But, ah ! no presence rude Disturbed the solitude- A circumstance both comforting and joying him. True, food was rather spare ('Twas chiefly herbs and air), And clothes would wear out-very much annoying him. His troubles were not slight. For, late one summer's night, A band of Bedouin. paid a vastly rough visit. Thus things progressed until, Beneath reverse and ill, IIis suff'ring spirit wept, and cried, " Hold I Sufjicit !" His stomach now disturbs, And states that water, herbs, And locusts do not satisfy " the inner man." To next the place he yearned, So mournfully returned To "haunts of men," a sadder and a thinner man i G. TTor. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 3.-A history of Rome you had best call to aid; Of the brains of the peacock a famed dish he made. Cross Words. In approaching be careful; its tenants on wing May your interference reward with a sting. A bird from Australia allow me to show, Not unlike the fleet ostrich that most of us know. A frolic; a bird, of which 'tis averred Not any more sweet than he could be heard. Al actor who'll live long through history's page, Who endeavours towards elevating the stage. A part of noon; your nerves I will not shock, So tell me, if you can, what 'tis o'clock. Though their backs may be green, Yet the colour that's seen Is not the best part of their value, I ween. These nights have giv'n pleasure to yonug and to sid, For most wonderful things they will to us unfold. " Toiling, rejoicing, sorrowing, Onward through life he goes." The leaves 'neath my feet tell that summer is past, And the bright harvest season has come here at last. An affliction it is, most saddening to see, Though, perhaps, our excuses the same oft may be. A word often used by the iesthetic crew, With whose foolish ways I'll have nothing to do. I met him in garments so gaudy and new; On the top of the ocean the same I did view. G. GRnT, Petersham, MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same In sound.) 4.-By the rushing, heaving ocean Stood a handsome youth and brave; But his heart was as the motion Of the restless, changing wave. For he longed to roam and travel On a distant foreign shore; Wonders, mysteries to unravel, Wondrous places to explore. Thoughts of home and friends assailed him, Sought his stubborn heart to sway; Many loving ones bewailed him; But he cast these thoughts away. Then to foreign lands he wandered, Where fierce storms and hot winds blow; Health and money wasted, squandered, Till a fever laid him low. Six months passed, and now we find him Homeward in a vessel bound, Leaving stirring firsts behind him, For he had repentance found. He has next his sin and folly, And was quite cast down at first, A wretched prey to melancholy, Till the light upon him burst. Now he longs for that fond meeting With his mother kind and meek, For he knows her gentle greeting Will his full forgiveness speak. EVELINE C. GRAY. 5.-Tom Green was such a naughty boy, And caused his mother lots of next; One day he broke a window-first, Which Tommy's father sorely vex'd. GooSEQUILLE, Wandsworth. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 6.- It was fearful how the lightning Flashed athwart the murky sky, Just for one brief moment brightening Up the inky clouds on high. While the vast expanse of ocean, Erstwhile slumbering, now did rise, And in terrible commotion Flung its billows towards the skies. 'Mid the elements' confusion, Sport of wind and angry ware, Rides the little barque Profusion, Manned by seamen bold and brave. Noble, daring captain primal Stood on deck, with glass in hand, And into the gloom did final, To beware of treacherous land. Each brave seaman calmly waited For the doom which seemed so near, Till at length the storm abated, And each heart was filled with cheer. HATES ASD M'COLL, DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 7.-An implement of battle In my first you'll surely see; Bnt if you take the head off, A luscious fruit there'll be; Bebead again, and then you'll view A part of me and part of you. Eurrm DIT EiLY.
MIETAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another Word.) 8.-He came to me with brimming eyes, With sundry deep and solemn sighs (And when he sighed, 'twas not the faint Breath of one struck by Love's complaint. No, not at all; his sigh was like The anvil's sound when blacksmiths' strike The fiery iron, forming shoes For many a sturdy horse to use. In fact, when once I heard him sigh, I thought the crack of doom was nigh; For down came posts, and signboards, too, And up went dust, and how it flew I Hats, caps, and bonnets left each head, And first along the road instead. Umbrellas, too, last inside out. Sigh I More like a lion's shout- If lions do shout, p'r'aps they roar)- But what was it 1 said before, When I commenced this string of rhyme ? Oh, never mind-some other time I BARNETT DE BEAR. (A RIDE ON A "SOCIABLE " TRICYCLE.) 9.-Forth we ride, 'tis a beautiful night, Our minds are intent upon pleasure; The ocean is bathed in soft light, And the waves beat a musical measure. Along a wide stretch of fair shore, With first and content we go gliding, Our hopes of the hidden before In youth's happy friendship confiding. We turn from the road by the sea, The moon rises higher and clearer; Our hearts growing joyous and free, As the country roadside draws nearer. No sorrows to make our hearts grieve, No cords of ill.temper to bind us; We gaily ride onward, and leave Tle lights of the town far behind us. All is happy, and peaceful, and still, Save the coqueting breeze round us playing And we pause by the foot of a hill, Where fugitive lovers are straying. Like us, they have left the gay town, And the next maiden's bosom is swelling; Soft smiles chase away the cruel frown, As the oft-told old tale he is telling. Ah, alas I soon our ride will be o'er, And this sweet, happy hour will have ended; We return to the town's busy roar, Delight and regretfulness blended. But that beautiful night and that ride 'Midst my life's brightest joys shall be cherished; And that hour's pleasant memories abide, When others less sweeter have perished. HonACE W., Brighton. ARITHMOREM. (An aorostic. The letters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 10l.-When everything seems in its brightest array, W\hen smiles chase the grim, frowning shadows awry, And the eyes brightly shoot forth a sweet, merry ray, " I'm monarch of all I survey !" When the heart is set free from its burdens of woo, And Mirth gaily laughs at cold Care's overthrow, So swift from the springs of the bosom I go To cast all around a rich glow. Cross Words. 1 and hgh "You call this hat low, man ?" " Yes." "I call it first." 1 ,, bara Here we have a foeman, And one of the worst. 50 ,, saepe To say this, respectful Is, to one that is kind. 5 ,, yporte Though some not neglectful Are, yet this they find. 551 " o "Thou shalt not worship one," Said oft of a lass. 1 ,, ghnt Sinks from our gaze the sun, when this comes to pass. 500 ,, ene This garden which God made, By man was defiled. 50 ,, ftyos A " poor" dog was this laid 'Neath earth by a child. 1051 ,, es " If only Jane would give Mte just a last, I Should happy for aye live." Dear riddlers, good.hye I KITCHNER AND VANDERPUMP. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (T:e final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.. Foundation Wiords. 11.-M y primals and finals name two famous plays, A rranged and composed in Elizabeth's days; R ight nobly worked Shakespeare for honour and fame I n writing such plays as foundation words name. Cross Words. O n the shores of Atlantic my first you will find, N orth of Galway in Ireland. Now call it to mird. T hen next take a part of the verb "am," or " be," A nd this same word means skill or dexterity. Y ou will all know my third when I tell you it means L S D, used alike both by commons and queens; ) r this word means to turn into coin or money. R ecollect now a colour of the primary three- R ed, yellow, and blue; will you choose out of these ? O ne of the titles now take, if you please, C onsidered the third in our nobility. K ind friends, for our sixth you will find it will be F owl living in water. Guess next if you can, E very native is called this of hot Hindostan. R iddlers, I've come to the end of my con., R equesting your pardon for its being so long. Y oung Folks, I to you bid a kindly adieu. Am BOERHSzR, Shorncliffe. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 12.-He placed his hands upon his hips, And put his pipe between his lips, And then his yarn begun : ' My boy, I've never been to sea; You've made a big mistake in me, Or else you're making fun." " I thought you were a sailor brave, Who oft defied the stormy wave, And sailed to foreign lands." " Aboard a ship I've never been, And foreign climes I've never seen ;" And he rubbed his horny hands. F. C. BOEHMERa, Shorucliffe. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 13.-For first put down a vehicle Ou which full oft I've been; A word which surely means to delve Is in my scond seen' The last, a useful article, Oft comes before your sight; The whole, a little town in Wales, Will quickly come to sight. FrrTZ, Dungarvat.