IJDLE TOURNAMENT. S OMEGRA~MS. tltter of a word is changed to form another word.) a _..s anr a been busy again.
friend the professor's been busy again, frf lte has excited attention ial circles, as I will explain, Wondrous and startling invention. 5ghad observed with a pitying eye errin humanity suffers. l of ills, and he sagely said, " Why u all the doctors are duffers 1" so bhe devoted much study and thought toe erefore man e'er should be sick, sir; as the result of his labours, he brought notice his" Alagic Elixir." 10sgiu Elixir-four shillings a phial large size, two shillings the lesser- ore a success so just give it a trial{ oyon'll see," said the learned professor. at mankind will bless me," said he, " I am sure;" d be stated, and set his seal thereto, medicine he had invented would cure the manifold ills flesh is heir to. " .tting-at dinner, one day, about three, d in the street ia great clatter, edfrom the window; then " Good gracious me 1" ped," why, whatever's the matter ?" ible frst-some three thousand or more- oeoutside my house. Then a knocking and as soon as I opened the door, oe entered, in plight truly shocking, nd the professor, with flour on his clothes, coal into thin ribbons tattered; bumps on his head and a bruise on his nose, hilet is bat had its next rudely battered. uined umbrella in torn fragments hung; dwhilst I stood gazing astounded, ,re me I" he cried, with a faltering tongue, d then up the stairs wildly bounded. while lie mad mob still shrieked wildly without; d wondering what could possess them, d from the window, " What's all this about 1" t ere I could further address them, oranges, nine eggs, and twelve bags of flour sailed me. " Three thousand and six, sir, he has swindled," they yelled, " out of our o bob for his precious Elixir I" rltin I draw o'er the rest-let it pass. red the professor from slaughter; some eno had found his " Elixir," alas I as nothing but treacle and water ! F. R. ConusoN. 2,-Lived a cat without its midnight Rambles o'er the garden walls? What is better than the music Of its squalls? Lived a dog without e'er howling When he first some merry tune ? Lived a poet without writing Of the moon ? Lived a riddler without ever Dreading (riddlers, may I ask it?) That his cons. would be cast into The waste-basket ? Lived an author without ever Writing when folks were in bed Aching last be has, and often Aching head. J. C. C. ye who delight in the vituperation allconcertinas, pray list to my strain, know that'twill cause me the greatest elation henceforth, to please me, you'll kindly refrain hurling invectives against those sweet sources music, for such I will stoutly maintain are, although your firm opinion of course is ite different--that I aknowledge with pain. friends, you must know (and I say it with sorrow) St Ithought as you do a short time ngo; oft Isaid things which I now regret, for, oh I e sound of the instrument filled me with woe I twhy came this sudden revulsion of feeling ?" ill surely be asked by some curious elf; ltoen, it is no use tlie reason concealing- -aplay the sweet concertina myself! A. AMfBERLEY, Manchester. ARITHMOREMS. . ati. The letters os eros a words thant are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. I,-He like a father is to us Of this gay riddling band; And we must give all our support To make his paper stand. t'ross Words. and senea Of liberty to deprive. 1 taen This is to withhold. re If you're this, you'll never thrive. 1 feht He is often very bold. , tosu One who treats the eyes. ,, efarf To cast dice for a prize. FJ. ALLAN. A o josa l on n o d. -A mn,5 whoen tried, found loyal and true, is name I w-sh you to fiud; 11H died as an English soldier should do, And has left a great name behind. Gross Words. ad rogy On battlefields my first is gained. o oe From this a kind of oil is strained, Sres These are welcomed every week thog BI those who the answers next to seek. S oy Part of our paper not long Legun. en All-must be this who intend to run. WnTasv RSox. Sot Poundati6dn WVtred. 0nh quite so strong as his neighbour, the l.Yet a great deal of work he will do; hw. be ,used less, and the nosobag more often, hne' do more, and right willingly too. Oross Words. Ro an tea Cress frut. SD herb A coluur. 101 , Panes A town of Italy. 1,50 ,, ea A blow. ee precious stone. , horkresy An English county. ENIGMAS. E. FoxsYum ' mal I'm round, I have a head, ,But ne'er a sign of tail; P'm black or white, but never red, Snd find areny sale. en wanted, I am never found e -least,so .nenedeclare), . Lkoten when they find me, bound iieoantelope and swear I * F. PanteRs. h ulh ibf puzzle out, i haas from whole; without a doubt, . AInSis Saermr GCEazs ,
PRE CE.O~EGRAJM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a word to form another word,) 9.-He stood among that crowd of flats With eyes that shone like phantom cat's, And seemed as if to say, " Your hats Take off before your king." He turned his empty pockets out, Said " Presto I" twirled himself about, And then from out his dress each lout Saw gold and silver spring. He placed his hat upon the ground, Careered it quickly round and round, Then lifting it, within it found A pretty little bird. The yokels viewed with frightened eyes This wondrous first; intense surprise Was naught to what they next; their cries The far-off echoes stirred. But one man, keener than the rest, Who'd watched the scene with eager zest, Now thought it only right to test The trick as best he might. Accordingly the bird and gold He snatched, and fled with cry of "Sold1" While Mr. Mag., before so bold, In tears beheld his flight. F,. G. WEBB, Southwark. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the contra of a word to form another.) 10o-E ternally may blessings crown thy life, D efended from all sorrow, care, and strife; I n peace be all thy years contented spent, T o works of love be all thy leisure lent ; Head thou our "Tourney," "happy one," and lead K nights onward, daring ev'ry noble deed; R sign queen with kindly Marion, and remove E ach barrier last the way to Fame, and prove N o primal doom hangs o'er the " Tourney" dear, D evoted may you in the lists aplear L ong time to come, and, by thy noble aim, E ach knight spar on to emulate thy fame. PHILO. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 11.-High in her art she stands-she's fiction's queen. And will remembered be for ages; The thoughts traced by her magic pen oft seen Within Young Polts' eutrancing pages. My prinmals will disclose to you her name; My finals what adds further to her fame. Cross Words. At breakfast and tea time my produce is seen, Whilst I roam at leisure on meadow so green. Throughout life's many changes, lights and shades, Thou art blessed, dear flower that never fades. To beautiful Venice, that city of song, The name that's here wanted doth surely belong. Across the broken ice she flew, with her feet cut, bruised, and sore, And reached the goal of safety when she trod Canadian shore. A Dutchland city I do name; from London people go On Continental tours, and take me in their trip, I know. A deed of dreadful carnage, and most fearful to behold, Was perpetrated at this spot on people young and old. J. TRIstBEY. TRANSPOSITION. (TransDose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-My pretty first was sitting where the light . Straight from the north upon her paper fell; She learning was to next. It was a sight To be admired much. Her name was Nell; But that's enough about her, for you see I am in love with her-would that she were with me l PAniRca, Blelfast. BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 13.-This is a very chivalrous page; I think so, don't you ? Where each first next little war to wage; I think he has, don't you ? I don't mean a war with the £ s. d., But a war with the point of the pen, you see- A " friendly " war in the famous " T." I think it's famous, don't you ? Some say it's behind what it was before; I don't think it is, do you? And we'll strive to make it better, I'm sure; And I think we shall, don't you ? I'm sure that we muster a splendid array- That all are eager to join in the fray; No time like the present for action, they say, And I think they're right, don't you ? Our Ed. is a very wondrous man; I think he is, don't you? He tries to please us all if he can; And I think he succeeds, don't you ? Then let us endeavour his labours to light, And not help deprive him of all his sight By keeping him up well into the night. I don't think it's right, do you ? Our Young Folks Paper's the best in the land; I think it is, don't you? In that I am joined by all our band; I'm certain of that, ain't you ? And in conclusion i've only to say That I wish it success in no half.hearted way, And then have the pleasure to wish you "good day" (And nobody answers "Don't you I"). ExCELSIOR. 14.-I stood and watched the quivering flakes of snow That from the heavens abo :e in clouds were falling, Spreading a mantle white o'er all below, Covering the youngsters in the street snowballing. And as I watched these youngsters at-their play, In thought I was a boy again; once more I joined In the exciting first, and shared the glad " Hooray I" Of somne exultant youngster, when his aim would find A re-ting-place upon another youngster's head. Again my memory the vivid scene recalled; I saw the surly mnn, with nose so red, Who, for threatening to stop our play, we snowballed. Then how we scattered at the cry of " Copperl" Which by some warning youngster was uplifted, And- - Here a snowball knocked off my high-topper, andt cut last my soliloquy. And then I shifted. Gos GE., Bristol. ANAGRAMS ON ENGLISH TOWNS. 15.-I had Bons er safe under lock and key, And know he could no longer trouble me, I saw the mont, but Hurs said'I did not, As I was crossing the three.acre plot. They sent to osnr me Tek was on my track, And I informed them I would then go back. Last monfth no part in business could I take, So I contrived this month amends to make. Fbr whom wil youvote--Pramun, Holm, Gray, or West ? I certainly think Henry Grhy is the best. E. W. Saunvas. " " . ''REVERSION.. E, W (A word which read backward forms another word.) 16.--A well-knowi;:kindot'watal my 'ichdle will bi; But when reversed; you will surely seeoo, . A word which mosns to carouse; now please 1hid And giess thiS puzzle, if you do not mind. J, Srocas, Lambeth;
ACROSTICS. (Aword,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 17.--Oh, this is the time, 'Mid the snowballs and rime, The skaters go merrily gliding along; Their voices so clear Fill our hearts with good cheer, Resounding on high with a laugh and a song. The branches so bare, In the keen, frosty air, Are swaying as though they would join in the mirth, While all to the sight Is so glitteringly bright, Forprimnal has stretched forth his hand o'er the earth. Gross Wcrds. We like to do my first, there's not a doubt, And fourth our v.ry best from day to day. How very cold and snowy it is out 1 Suppose we third to second speed away, And try a change of climate for a time. To flth your praise, dear final, is our task In telling you this simple puzzle-rhyme; And ere we say good.bye, we humbly ask If you will welcome us again, for sweet It is to please the friendly audience here. All present now with pleasure true we greet, And for the " Tourney" give a hearty cheer. LOTTIE W. AND MARION TAYLOR. Foundation IVord. 18.-Witty knights and maidens fair Are here assembled every week; Sweet are the verses which appear; And iffou wit or genius serk, Read through this page, and without doubt You'll very quickly find it out. Cross Words. A melody. A fruit now see; 'Tis useful, as you'll all agree. Acknowledgment; Implies dissent; 'Tis oft seen in the " Tournament." Part of the year; With this we hear; The ninth as you will find is near; This is the last, and so, dear friend, This humble con. I now must end. W. F. NOLAN, Clonmel. Foundation IVords. 19.-Initials read aright will bring to view A " Tourney " knight, and give his title, too. Cross IYords. Primal's a colour-of it you've heard. Second a sea-bird truly will show. A city of learning renowned is third. MIy forth ever dwells in realms of snow. Ireland's the home of fitth, I trow. A river of York the next will be. Many times in a day you this, I know; While last is the part of the Y. F. P. AaooaITES. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the same in sound.) 20.-'Twas New Years' Eve, and on the frosty night The bells rang merry lirsts from many a tower, To welcome in the year with due delight. The snow fell gently in a fleeny shower Till on the pavement a thin covering lay, Then ceased, just as clanged out the midnight hour. I noticed then a toper bend his way Homeward, with lagging steps and staggering gait; Indeed, from side to side he seemed to sway, As though in' toasting friends he'd sat too late; But still he struggled on, his home in view, Nor guessed an enemy did lie in wait. But sad to tell, a careless hand did strew The coat from off a fruit that's grown in Spain, Not thinking of the evil it might do; But to our toper soon it proved a bane, For on a piece of next he chanced to tread, Then slipped, and canued himself severest pain. Since then, 'tis said, a sober life he's led, And every night by ten is snug in bed. J. H. AsxEw. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narratlvo. 21.-Ho I ye riddlers witty, merry, Ho I ye ladies bright and gay, In the " Tourney" I would share-I Long to join the merry fray. Bid me welcome, then, ye hoary, Stern-faced knights who long have fought And are covered o'er with glory, And have found the fame ye sought. Bid me welcome, too, ye ladies, Who so sweetly sing each week; To win bays that will not fade is What I in the " Tourney" seek. Turn me not a deaf ear, knights, nor Frown upon me, ladies gay; I will gladly joust and fight for Queen and " Tourney " in the fray. J. WATT, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another 'word.) 22.-AU hail, clever total! Delighted am I Your stirring effusions so oft to descry; Your war songs should fill every foe with dismay, Who waits in his second to pounce on his prey. And while they send through us a glorious thrill, Remind them that Britons are Englishmen still, The war dogs are sniffing the last from afar, And war clouds half darken prosperity's star; Still let us all hIopo there will soon conie a day When the black clouds slhall break and be drifting away, T. CAnaTesrcx, Silackleweil, 23.-Yes, I have won her, and I mean to sing Such gushing songs about her lovely eyes- Songs that shidl swell with such a joyous ring That ev'ry riddler will express surprise. First shall surpass them, howsoe'er he trieds For I will sing in such melodious strains That some will think 'tis music from the skies. And ev'ry last will praise the sweet refrains Which I shall sing about her eyes-not now, But in the future I'll fulfil my vow. ScRauBIE i".--I had to first my little legs, That second I might catch; And while I ran, the last began To come down with despatch. DEHIANCHES, 25.-My whole is found in every house; Behead, a country maid you see; Behead again-I firmly trust That this is neither you nor me. CONUNDRUMI. 6.-Come, noi, why do yoH ggzeat me P I know I'm looking somewhat paler; But if you will with me agree, Find out when ..ailor's not a sailor. G, A. S&n,
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 27--Old Winter's on his homeward way Towards his native icy north, And Spring, with all her charms so gay, Has come to call the children forth Into the haunts of joy and mirth, Where sweetest pleasures have their birth. They wander by the woodland rills That run in flower-favoured spots, To gather waving daffodils, Sweet violets, and forget-me.nots, And other fair and fragrant fiow're That bloom among the woodland bow'rs. They climb up primrose-covered banks, The choicest yellow bunch to find; Then sit among the golden ranks Their beautiful bouquets to bind, The while they list the melodies Of singing birds and humming bees. S. Woon. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 28.-I've got the toothache, oh, so bad I The pain has nearly sent me mad; Three days and nights this misery I have endured-oh, pity me I Good thought I I to the dentist go, And ended is my pain and woe; Ifirst the tooth beneath my heel: Revenge is sweet, as now I feel. Recovered in a great extent, And now I last in sheer content; And to my friends, whene'er I can, I always recommend the man. So if you have the toothache, go To Summers, in Sr. George's Row, And have it out, for I am sure That he will thus effect a cure. S. W. HAYES AND J. A. MARSHALL. 29.-With eager bands and rapid feet, A boy is playing in the street; With whip in hand, he strikes his first, Till, out of breath, feels fit to burst. But hark I What's that? The schoolbell sounds, And oft next school he quickly bounds, For well he knows the cry will be " You're late again, young Robert Lee." And then the cane will come down thwack Full oft upoti poor Robert's back; Young Robert then reflects in pain, And vows he'll not be late again ! J. CLARKE, Lincoln. CHARADES. (Pormned on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 30.-The tents are pitched, and silence reigns O'er all the slumbering first Unbroken, save when 'midst the trees Softly sighs the midnight breeze, Or whoa upon the still air burst, In ruder cadence, loud and clear As warning second's knoll, The echoed shouts from post to post Of those who guard the sleeping host: " Halt I who goes there ?" "Good night 1" "All's well I" But harkl A shout, " Awake To arms! The foe's advancing near I" And soon there is a scene of strife, Whore many a man lays down his life Without the slightest sign of fear. A scene of carnage now ensues, And blood's the food of all; The pen of whole 'twould take to write Of this soul-stirring, fearful fight- Our humble talents are too small. S. FRtANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY, 31.-My first, though most important to myself, May be but little in the world's esteem; My next prevails when sordid love of pelf Prompts " the ungenerous wish, the selfish scheme;" My third to merchants, who on Syria's coast Were shipwrecked, accident made strangely clear. My whole's obtained from fish (I think the most From sturgeon), and is used for fining beer. C. SMITH. 32.-M- y first's my who!e abbreviated; SPart of myself for next put down; And if aright I've calculated, My whole's a very well-known town. T. Sronn. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole- tion, aid transposition, but leaves a'perfect word after each operation.) 33.-Before his flock, with wings outspread, HIls body far behind his head, His head and neck like lance at rest, And fretful ever, searing lest The youthful brood some harm befall Which follow in his footsteps all, This tough old cross-grained fowl is seen In royal state come o'er the green. Transpose this fellow's appellation, You get a place of cultivation. Again the letters re-arrange, A verb arises from the change. Once more transpose. When this is done, You have what you had better shun. Decapitating this, you find Fierce agitation of the mind. QUIP. 34.-Taken as I am, I'm but a section; Reverse me, you alter my complexion- A umeans of locomotion then am I (I'm also at a standstill, by-the-bye); Restore me to my former self once more, And next behead me, and I'm trade, I'm sure; My first reversion if you then behead, A kind of sound I shall appear instead. Lastly, behead, and add the l.ttor t., And if you guess it, that is what you'll be. ANON,