RIDDLE TOUINAMENTNr1T OMIEG IAIS. (The last letter of i word is cleltized to form another word.)
1.-Oh, really I think it a terrible shame- A terrible shame- That riddlers shouid tire of honour and fame, Aud no lounger be anxious to primal a name, A glorious name. Oh, where are the friends of eighteen eighty-two- Of dear eighty-two ? Wise Binsteal and Conulson, and Iarrinctou ton, 'V. nose cons. flashed with final. so brillianut and new, So clever and new. Hlave they bade Youtng Folks' columns a long, last good- bye ?- A final cood-bye ?- And left the le:r 'I' utney," with many a sigh, To flourish and ir's.,er, or falter and die, To prosper or lie ? Ah, me! I in thilnkinb the list it will be- ',st surely 'rtwill be - l'nless our iques, .Neilie an:d l3arini T., Bestir their dull I pi to fresh cl ergy, Price, Cooper l:. loo.pr, olhnes, Troy, Archer P., ]vi l n:, l ot see, V.With Pickorlln, Ad I"Ik, fiih !oot, Harry G.; ls, stull keep 'ye fa:titu. adil write oanstantly, VWri morre constantly. A:i then will the " I.T." retaiu its dear name - Its liynoros naue - And new :n,11 old friendsi will acknowled eC its fame, And all rival " 'I'ur.i lmen ts " totter with shame, With envy and shlae. MIAGnI: I)., (Grangemnouth. 2.-' First, pretty Yonne creature, with gossamer wing , Sure., nlthin for beauty can beat you ; lBut, still, all the stmue, uninvited you came, And I've a stronll fancy to eat you." The spider -ulicke thus to a ploor little fly, As le swelled with the grandeur that :illed him; But, just as he spoke lie received a sharp pIoke F"rom the broom next the houseflaid, whli li killed him. F. \Vipi:, Southwark. CHARADES. ( Formed on a word each syllable of wlich is a word.) 3.-Near a gentle forest brooklet, 'tUderneatli an old oak tree, Stands a man whose eyes ti.st sparkling i:eul to dwell in ecstAsy On a Waideu and her lover, \\',tlking by the rippling stream, Th:ukint naught of care or sorrow, All engrossed in love's young dream. .NI ! behold the man who joyous 'Neath that spreading oak tree stands; See, him grasp a stick so tighltly, See him moisten now his hands. S: althily he creeps behind them, \Vitih his weapon raised on high. Ohl, rash youth! thou art in danger ! Is there none to bid thee fly ? Ah, too late! for down like lilihtning Comes the stick upon his back, All the neighb'ring echoes waken At that one terrific crack. " Mercy, sir!" is now his total, Otten yelled in accents wild. " Please have mercy! Cease your fury ; Never more I'll plagne your child." " Promise mne-(whack !)-you-(whack !)-will -(whack !)- Never visit MIaud again." " Yes, I promise !" loud lhe shouted, As he bolted off in pain. Near a gentle forest brooklet, Underneath an olut oak tree, Standis sweet IMiaud's athletic father, Chuckhling loud and heartily. E. L. IIOLLANI. 4.--Ily first is a vessel of tin, iron, or brass, Of earthenware oft, but seldom of glass; My secortl will aid men from nothing to rise, Even when they do not make best use of their eyes And their brains are but so-so. SMy whole will be found In this greeting of poor wlan to friend, I'll be bound: " My table is loaded with victnals but scanty To welcome you hither beneath my wee shanty; Contentment and happiness act at my board, Though ,!,Iole is the best I can ever afford." E. W. EAnLrT. 5.-My i;r.it you will meet, if you roam in the fields. It is useful to all men, I ween; Should you e'er walk on ice, take care you don't ccit, Like many a onle I have seen ; And now, if my 'rihle you will please call to mind, A sweet little flower in the garden you'll slid. DfI: ANCHn:S. ACROSTIC. (A word, or vordis. formed or the hitial letters of other words.) Folea atioi 1od. I;.-'" Weep not, weep not, my child ! Thy plaintive cries for food are all in vain. Can I do aught that would your life sustain ? I love thee now as I have loved before, -:r vice and want came to our homely door; l:utr what is love when life is eblicing fast ? Aud what is life when all its joys are past ? Weep not, wveep not, my child, for we must die! "'Tis done, 'tis done, my child ! Vain is each aching wish, each tiny cry; III, will not corn!, :fld we must dic--mnust die ! Pillow your head upon mly ragged shawl, And we will sleep to death for once in all ! No food, no light! Y(es, we must die like this. No hellp, no succour; just one ,arting iss, And we must die, my child, and we must die " Cross I'Words. When wrapped in slmuber, they oft, come to me; Where imankiud disobeyed for once, and fell; Where boys and girls with masters (lisagree; When first begius to worki the nightly spell; Up go iumbrellas, as the ladies pass; A grey old mIn we love but very little; An isle where ev'rything is green as grass; As: ociate.l sometimes with a kettle. A. HI. SCALES. ARITHIMOREM. (An acrostic. Thelettersof crss wvord stlhat are Roman numerals exl~pressed iii glllaes.) F'oaundutioa Word. 7.--sYoqng FoJ'e merry riddlers are this, I ween, Ill the "'ITofuiiament" their riddles are seen; Miss Marion T:aylor is their true lqueen, Faithful and friendly she ever has been. Cross lVWords. 150 and asher To a man this dloes belong. :1 ,, no This wild beast is very strong. 5;5 ,, nagen A land which you surely know. i ,, toe In your garlden this may grow. 100 ,, nee A young lady's Christian name; You, no doubt, well know the same. 150 ,, sara A fellow of but low deeree, In my last, you'll quickly see. SVW. CARTER, Birmingham. DELETION. i Droe a letter from the word lelosenl, leaving another word.) 8.-'Twas on a brilliant summer day That on a grassy mound I lay, Miy thoughts (for I was thinking fast) Were primal by a form that passed, And, looking up, to my surprise, I saw a man with two black eyes. I hailed him, and, with merry grin, Asked who had knocked his peepers in. " Oh, while I was at work, you see, I had to chop a cherry tree, And, as I dropped a piece close by, It second up and clawed my eye." F. J, lHo0es,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of n woerd, leaviing another ti 9.-Aileen is weeping for Dermod so brave, , ( lole to the merciless fray-- ;,mie his dear country from foemeu to save. \1,,d at the token her lover her -avye She gazes, her thoughts far awayv IHe for his country, long pluudered and Girt on his swift-smiting sworld "r For the lproud moment lie lauguisheld u l1 VWhbe with hIs comrades together the- t e Anu, dau.ntless, their blood freely ru Ai!ern last breathi'd a pure maiden's Folrtth to that mercitul Throne, I I'raying to save himi to Aileen the fair- Irayinv her lover from slaughter to i l1,re Back to her heart, long his own e P'-rinid has perished ! his heart's bl,,,o i.e :;hed on his dear native shore -d Ad- eni is sleeping on first, spoth: bt,l- Sheeping the sleep of the b(eutitul !t.l-- bleeping in peace evermore ! I'.--The dulkey went otf at a i moderate pace, Wit Ii our mischievous torn on his bLickk !!?'w ,. lly, how gracefully Tom kept his Ila e' re was s,en. thing, though. 'i'om . , I. k - Aid th!.:t was :t whip, gentle re d r, with wh.. ' t!l, l:u bi3y, i:m hl tiave l. ud it ,in 11 t. "T -as ,:!';ae he had neither a whip n,,i a sp Was it not ? ' ming To'u!'s heart was light, although not so Lis., L. As lie rattled along o'er the stone,, ',iou, whiz ! a round ipebble alights on his pate, 'Tloimy ieels it and inwardly groans! Anl as he the donkey wheels round, to retire, lie ollronts such a misehievons lot, ''was enough to causei Tommy with first to exi ire, Was it not ? ' was well that the donkey stopped not for the blhws- WVhich the urchins no doubt would have dea:t, 'I houg I know, as he bounded away fromn his fots 'The poor beast with small stones they dld l e:. And, alas ! for poor Tom, when a pond came in view. For list into that pond he was shot! ' was an awful dilemulnia-indignity, too- Was it not ? AIcitERi 13., li eth', : ' 11.-When I was strolling through the nei r, One lovely August day. Somle men were cutting idown my lirst Beneath the sun's bright ray. Aith 'ugh my next those workmen felt, Their duty did not shirk ; At inoon my third they all performed, And then resumed their work. F. Hilre.mm- 12.--1y whole is found in every home. With me you scarce could do witlihot; lRemove my head, and I'll be:eime A personage who oft doth pont. Behead me again, and I am then An animal not rare to you ; But now I must put by my lien, For tea is ready, so adieu. JErst An,. 13.-My first is what young ladies do, When on the floor a mouse they view; Beheaded, then it brings to view A fluid that is liked by you ; Behead again, and then, behold, A measure of paper you will hold. h. P. Dimu :. METAG RAIMS. (Cht'lnilge the first letter of a word to form aiOthlr n "ri.) 11.-Four little children were first out to play, 'together they next, one bright snrny day, Chatting and laughing along the green iane, Freddie and Georgie and Johunie and Jane. Third up3u fun, they ran singing along, 'Theli brook fourth a charm to their innocent song; The trees with the zephyrs swung to and frt, Adding their chants in a voice sweet and lor. All of a sudden a cry fifth the air, The cause I don't know, for I was not there; This I cruL say, by some means or other, Freddie offended his friends and brother. " You shan't go to heaven now !" one of them maid, " You know you wanted to when you were dean. We will go, Georgie and Janie andi I; We'll have such nicies-ice, pudding, and pie. '' Oh, "roe't we have lots of apples anu, pears. Sha,'t we be happy !" said these pretty dears. " We'll eat what we like, though tender ,r toth., No ma to say,' Boys, you've hnd quit,' enoua . EDvrni K. litLr. 15.-Good-bye, my boys, I'm off to sella, A jolly first to try and be; And when on foreign shores I roam, I'll think of the young folks at home. My uniform my last has made (True blue, they say, will never faui 1; I look quite smart, they fit sme tight I'm every inch a midshipmite. ELr", NARtRATIVE TRANSPOSITION0. (The letters of a word are tlrnis posed, llid lnell aaltll.el WA.,d II tile uilrrative.) i:;.--Some people praise me, others rm mie di own; Some think that I should really tie ideah:::; Some think that I should have a laurel irowI! I'm much afraid their thoughts will ,e'er be real.i. I don't aspire to be a Burns or H-ood, I'm sure that I shall never be t1yrtuical; If I set up for either, why, you would But greet me with a saule tl:hat was iromi,' W . 1). i: . 17.-Of ancient pedigree, the lord; Of lineage rare, the steed; The former sought his king to find awartd F'or brave and donghty dee:l. " Fair knight," the king in answer ?aid, " Thou art a valiant man ; When to the rear the wav'ring turned ald h:. I saw thee in the van I " Poth steed and ridler seemed to share Tl'h spirit of the fray. The victor3 's won ! alul by the crown I wear, I'll honour both to-day." RI. C. LovrELsS, 1irti? . ENIGIMA. 18.--We are nearly always seen together In very cold and rainy weather: AVe liunger in the sun's warm glow, And travel much through frost anl smiow; Andi though our tongues do oftec was', We cannot shout, nor can we 1brag; We are by mankind much oppressed; Sometimes at night are put to rest, Sometimes gaudily dressed are we, Aud sometimes plain as plaiu can be. Now, my dear friends, if you are wise, Throw quickly off this strange disguise, The answer then it will disclose, As this queer riddle plainly sltor . T:n F. Ii. B., Taani- CONUNDRUIM. 19.--I have a riddle to ask you, Dear friends, as again we meet: In what State of the Continent Do you feel most inclined to eat ? AN Iea Strt, . . ..- . .. . .