RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. D UAGRAM.
(Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 1.-S hout a grand, triumphant chorus, loud and long, F or another great invention comes to sight. R iddlers, wave the banner o'er us with a bong, A nd particulars I'll try to bring to light. N otice, then, the primal letters to this con., K nights and maids; with praises glowing we will bring L aurels to the bard whose name they are upon. I t is his-the new invention which I sing; N ever fading, may bright praises round it cling. Where a streamlet flowed along, Stood a maiden, young and fair, Listening to its silver song, Wondering at its music rare, While the sunlight gleamed on high In the sky. " Tell, oh, tell me, tiny rill," Was the little maiden's cry: "Do Son never stand quite still To admire the bright blue sky ?- Listen to the warblers raise Songs of praise ?" Flowed the streamlet to the tide, Answering not a single word; But a bluebell by its side Thought the question so absurd. Laughed until her leaves she shook In the brook. "Tell me, streamlet, tell me true," Was the little maiden's cry : " When the sunny hours are few, Do you still go singing by ?- When the clouds are thickly spre.ad Overhead ?" Still the river flowed along. But beside the maiden's fact, Front the ferns and leaves anuong, Came a voice, like muoc eweet, While a silence d, cp, profound, lReignedl around. " Maiden, ere you turn away, I will answer your request. When the summer flowers are gry, When the prituals look their best, Then I nurmuur, as I flow, Sweet and low. " When the storm-fieud reigns supreme, When the finals darker grow, When the river, rill, and strea' u Through the meadows overllow, Then I raise my voice in song, Loud and strong. "Then I laugh in boisterous gleo , In a mad, exultant strain, Rushing headlong, wild and fre,. Sunny hours will come again. Thus, to tme, the darkest day Flies away. "Learn this lesson, little friend. Sailing down life's changeful tide : Should the ' Fates' some sorrow seu.l, Always look the brightest side, Till, upon the golden shore, Storms are o'er." MARION L. TArTLO, Birkenhead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundatiot Words. 2.-Oh, so touchingly, pleasingly, sweetly she sings, All her joys and her sorrows relating, And her melody reaches the deep, hidden strings Which in each riddler's heart are vibrating. Cross Words. 'Tis often reared in memory of the great, Whose glorious deeds its marble sides relate. This is a female name, by no means long; But 'tis not hers-the subject of my song. This means a cure ; it may lie in a pill; I hope you'll find it soon if you are ill. This means the foremost letter of your name ; Whatever it may be,'tis all the same. A piece of music, sung by many a choir. Like the " Twelfth Mass," " Creation," or " Mes.-iaa." This is the month, if I have not forgot. Which brought to light Guy's memorable plot. baMi WOOD. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (TI.e letters of a word are transposed, and Iformn ititlo lr i aord il the narrattve.) 3.-The air was keen with frost, And frozen hard the ground ; The chill north breeze swept through the trees, With an eerie, dirge.like sound. All dreary lay the moor, Beneath the wintry sky, That dull as lead stretchedl overheadl, While the wind went howling by. All frosted was the grass, The thorn was bare and black, And the tangled shoots of its mat ted roots Lay across the pathway track ; The mute, half-frozen birds Sought shelter on its breast, And, in shiv'ring rows, chirped out their woes- Their hunger and unrest. The marsh was firm and hard, And frozen every pond; All cold and grey, for miles away, The landscape stretched beyond. The night came on apace, Light feathery flakes fell slow; Then rushing fast, on the wings of the blat, Down came the blinding snow. All lifeless thou didst lie, Thy long, brown hair unbound, And thy slender form in the cruel storm Was frozen to the ground. I wrapped thee in my plaid, And covered thy sweet, pale face, And bore thee back, on the snowy track, That I could scarcely trace, Far over the dismal and treeless plain, To mother and home and life again. D. Gow. 4.-When, far from his kindred, the lone exile wanders 'Midst the grim ice-king's realms or beneath sunny skies, Though Fortune unsparingly round him e'er squanders Health, wealth, and great honour, yet still, still he sighs For the day that shall see him again reunited To the dear ones whose prayers for him daily ascend, When his trials and toils will be fondly requited By the hearty home-welcome from each loving friend. So. after long years, to dear England returning, Our "Tourney's" bright laurels to gain I'd essay: Though greatly I fear me I soon shall be learning How vain 'tis to strive 'gainst the knights of to-day. For my pen has grown powerless, my riddling wit fled; To compose this poor con. how gigantic a task I But, as " Faint heart ne'er won a fair lady," we read, Our obliging old Ed. to insert it I'll ask. ENxoc ARDEN, Plaistow. 5.--My Master I wi!l e'er obey, Though He may stringent be; For what's my duty I must do, On land or on the sea.
'uu wuvulu ,ue 7 t brealu Dr LunDulenL, I'll not sit down and weep, But my most cheerful pipe I'll turn, And it will from me keep The gloomy shadow of despair Until the storm is o'er; And then, I know, my tribute will Be resting on the shore. T. NIxON, Dudley Colliery. CONUNDRUM. 6.-Dear riddlers, will you kindly say (Now, please don't get in that ferment) What house for sheep will also name A very common instrument P F. G. WEB.n. Southwark.
CHARADE. (Pormed on a word eaoh sy'lable of whioh is a war i., 7.-I will be blunt, and total, too, So take the hint, ye maidens fair: This ode is not an ode for you,. And you may look for odes elsewhere ! For truly I begin to think You have been praised by bards enouseh Your charms have used up halt their ink. And pens for you've grown old in " pull !" The colours of your eyes and hair Have figured both in prose and song; Your " manners sweet" and " beauties rare " (Which to you all do not belong !). The way you're wooed, the way you're won, The class of men you first admire- All, all's been done, and overdone, Ay, ever since there came a lyre! The novelist doth, week by week, Fill chapters on the bamue old tale, Till I would sooner study Greek Than read a third of what is stale. You've been so flattered to the skies, Your praises never left to wane, That I will venture to surmise The fact that you are getting vain- Extremely vain ; though I confess A dozen odes fronm my poor pen I've scrawled to her whom 1 caress (When she will let me) now and then. But, stay I This ode I next intend For some one else, and not tor you. I meant to write of one, my friend, And that it's rather late to do; For you have occupied the space That swallows up my little lay, So I must give my friend a place In some sweet ode another day. F. WALi Ii. OSIEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another woerd. 8.-Sweet and low, sweet and low, Was your voice to me; Like ethereal zephyrs slow, Like a lute's soft wail of woe, Like their melody. Now the anguish that I know, None is known to thee. Ah, the day, happy day I When I met you there, Fairer poem none could say, Letting summer's breezes play With your tresses fair; And first love and Inture bay, At your wishes, bare. 'Twas your pride, 'twas your pride, Spurned me for his gold. Now the heaving seas divide, You are by my rival's side ; Now the truth is told, And my faith is soattered wide, Once so free and bold. 'Tis your face, 'tis your face, Brings to next the pain, That the years will ne'er efface; And the likeness that I trace Shows the past again. Quit nme with your falsehood's grace, That has been my bane. G. MANrWEAr 1 I:.A;. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another worl.) 9.-" I've got little money-in fact, I've got none; So I'll go and callon my friends. Perhaps one Will lend me a sovereign. But I'll not despair, If 'Cis but a half one," quoth Barnaby H.tre. He called on a lady-first best in the world ; His banner of woe and deceit he unfurled. " My very dear madam, to you I declare I'm very near starving," quoth Barnaby Here. He grinned as he took what she gave him --'twas lent; For she, of course, thought to return it he meant. He hitched up his rags as he thanked her, and-thero- She never again saw this Barnaby Hare. He cast off his rags, and became-well, a swell; A pass for a music-hall had h . as well. But still next remained, though, as few were aware, The same hypocritical Barnauy Hare. WV. As uJrT. 10.-My first is a word which moans to mix; But if you cut off it, head, A word which means " to give for a while" Will quickly be seen instead : Behead once more-please do it aright-- And then my final has come to s:".nt. 11,-A word which means participate, in first yon'll qluicikly see, WVlhich, if you will decapitate, An animal 'twill be. Dear friends, if you again behead, A verb you then will hrve instead. SutRVEL AND A.S.3. 12.-Part of a ship whole will display, Though you, perhaps, may know; Behead, and if you know, you'll say A fish I plainly show. ANNis SMIrn, Grcaley. CURTAILMENTS. (Orop the final letter of a word. lean ing another wrtl. 13.--How pleasant to stand and watch the stars On some warm summer's night! To see those small yet brilliant orbs Shed forth th eir silvery light! It frees the mind from vexing fear, From doubt enud sordid care; And peace steals softly in our hearts And nestles snugly there. We can't think wrong when looking sup Towards those shining lights; We quickly leave next world of facts, To scale the giddy heights Of idealistic poesy. We dream a pleasant dream, And live, by turns, in each Iright star, As first so calmly gleam. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. 1i.-Something that's hollow this will be; The tail now take away, A useful vessel then is seen. What is it, riddlers, say ? ENIGMAS. 15.-A race I run with the glorious sun, I dance with the waving trees; Yet, dark and deep, I reign over sisep, On the wings of the midnight breeze. In Luna's light I dream at night- I dwell on the brow of Care; I frolic wild with the laughing child, As he chases me here and there. I lightly float with the swift sea-boat, Where the placid waters flow; Gaze over the side like a fair sea-bride, And I'm seen in the depths below. G. SsnIDLT, Li colb. 16.--I'm black, I'm blue, I'm red, I'm green, In every colour I am seen; I'm thick, I'm thin, I'm good, I'm bad, I make your hearts grow light or sad; I'm used alike by rich and poor ; Thet Young o'lks knows me well, I'm sure. F. W. S.