RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAMS.
(The.last letter of a word is changed to form another word.J 1,-I wonder what is wrong to.night P I cannot think, I cannot write, And if I did, why, who would care P I try to first with main and might, But seem imprisoned in my chair. One moment finds me gay and bright, Another finds me in despair; And so I sit and waste the light- I cannot think, I cannot write. Why won't my fancies take a flight And end this most peculiar plight, As they have often done before, And in weet unison unite To help me next a something more That may, perhaps, if only slight, Have just a nook in poem.lore ? But, no I they do confuse me quite; I cannot think, I cannot write. My heart is full, and filled with fright, And I am but a wretched wight, With brains as stubborn as the sea; For all my thoughts against me fight, As if they'd have no more of me I My paper's blank and ghostly white, And all's as weird as weird can be. An end to this I Put out the light 1" I cannot think, I cannot write I F. Wa.aLS. 2.-I'm trying hard to write an ode (The cats are fighting on the roof) ; Upon my mind there weighs a load, Which bids all pleasure stand aloof. I cahnot, cannot pen the themes Which echo madly through my brain, Because, outside, in endless streams, Strange callers haunt my window pane. " Sweet crimson flashes "--(There you are I They want me now to buy some soap 1) "Were gleaming from a first cigar (There 1 Now they want to sell some rope I) How can I next a line to rhyme, When beggars, pedlars, errand-boys, Yell through the window, every time I write a word, some frightful noise P Oh, hang it I now the chimney-sweep Has come to cleanse my parlour flue; Of course he'll turn each snowy heap Of manuscript to dusky hue. And now, by Jove I another man Has come to see the gas is right I! L A third outside my door I scan But hold I Up stairs I'll take my flight. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 3.-A happy welcome nature sings, Glad spring, at thy return; The very earth with joyance rings, All smiling first thy morn. When far away towards the sky The lark has made his flight, Last seems a message from on high, Borne on the wings of light, Had come to call that songster forth T' effuse his liquid voice In song, to celebrate thy birth And bid the world rejoice. And in its glad, responsive strain I feel that joy return Which winter with its savage train Had from my bosom torn. T. Nixox, Dudley Colliery. DUAGRAM. (0hange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 4.-I had been without a sorrow for a week, And was feeling once again quite young and gay; I had basked uninterrupted in the sunshine, so to speak, For my tiresome, noisy brothers were away, And the grand piano, too, was out of tune, So the Katies could not well display their skill; I had sung exultant-melodies from midnight unto noon, And had gloried in my victories, until Some onb came and marred my pleasures, cruelly renewed my woes- Some one termed La Lachrymose. I had been without a sorrow for a week; Of those perfect days of bliss I dare not think. I had even got a pretty bit of colour in each cheek, And from glancing in the " Tourney " did not shrink; For I thought the bards had listened to my plea, And would pityingly soothe the heart so sore, .. So that noms de plume in future I should never, never, d see. Yet anothqr came and made the primal more, Le Bringing teardrops to my optics, and a colour tomy nose. S, Oh, ye harsh La Lachrymose I le Oh,'I wonder will my-sorrow ever cease P Will I ever feel inclined again to smile ? If the finals of the family leave me for an hour in peace, Something else is sure to trouble me the while. is Though I listen quite enchanted to the strains Of the baird who has displayed such perfect skill, rd Yet I daily grow more mouniful, and more muddled are ild my brains, at That Ifear-me I shall soon be downright ill. of You have added quite another heavy burden to my woes, You have puzzled me completely, and you're happy, I suppose. Are you not, La Lachrymose P MAnuon L. TAYrLO, Birkenhead. i- )se CENTRAL DELETION. er- (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) se, 5.-Just as these first I'm writing, Ley And unto you inditing This puzzle, which I tnst you all will solve, ful My awful little brother Comes bawling "Mother I mother 1" on, And straightway all my thoughts of rhyme dissolve. era Dear Ed. will think me lazy, tle And call my verses " hazy;" rid But screams my thoughts of poetry soon smother. , The simple.cause of all Next in that object small, My wild, excruciating little brother. SO N E. L. HOLLAND. ich . MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaniLng, but the same in sound.) me 6.-Last fifth of November an urchin did buy ith Some fireworks by ~Mr. -Pain made ion To his little back-yard thlis urchin did hie, S Of policemen being sorely afraid. er, But what was his first and remorse, sr, to.vig ,. bhe That aroket had gone through a last; not Their tearfully sobbed,:" Oh' I've done it blioo-hoo !" ch But 'twas done, sir ;,the die it was cast. We'll draw aveil over the scene when his ma'- - of- · Saw the wreck thiiat heridariing had made; a But it cnred him of fireworks, andnow, sir, I hear om That the urchin Ihas grown up quite staid,. IoR ... . :'L. JE~zOszSO, Hollborn ,er- 7.-It took me many a first, dear rid.'s-' "on. ,To write a proper con. F+or thisinex famous "Tournament." on Now I'll be moving on. It, F. PEILLIPS. Mottiua.th im.
NAbBATIVE METAGRAM. (The frst letter of a word is oh4nged, to form another word in the narratlve.) 8.-Somebody's daughter met somebody's son In the age of " once on a time," When blue the sky, and sweet the air, And peaceful joy seemed everywhere, When Future appeared sublime. Somebody:s daughter met somebody's son, And met him again and again; The maid thought the youth so handsome and kind, Yet never allowed these thoughts from her mind, To tell them her lips would not deign. Somebody's daughter met somebody's son, And that was the last time they met; For, oh, she was foolish, and he was not wise, And then there was anger in somebody's eyes, And somebody strove to forget. And then there was weeping for somebody's daughter, And scorning from somebody's son;. Then self-despising, and oryings to Heaven, A life to be lived, some joy to be given, Some good to be said and be done. EDITH K. RENDLE. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9,-'Tis Balaclava, and the fight is o'er; 18 The stirring sounds of war are heard no more. The clash of steel, the trumpet's piercing note, T The frantic cheer from each excited throat, The cannon's roar, the wounded charger's neigh, B Are silent now, and ended is the day. T The pale moon floods with light the battle plain, T Her sickly beams gleam o'er the heaps of slain; NI Yes, there in huge, unsightly mounds they lie, The ripe fruit of a glorious victory; B Men Who that morn knew naught of death or fear, h First for the fight, now lying helpless here. The merry bells peal out both loud and long The joyful news unto the eager throng; But that poor woman next with tear.dimmed eyes, Reads the dread news that he, her husband, lies Within a nameless grave 'neath Russian soil, Proud glory's victim, and fierce war's rich spoil. N. BLAra, Liverpool. 10.--Fierce as first robbed of her young Was the great Sir Guy; Bards the lightnings often sung In his lurid eye. Have you seen a sudden storm, Furious and vexed, Break o'er trembling lambkin's form P (Pardon me, I next.) Such a storm was e'er the voice Of the dread Sir Guy; Men would seek the storm, by choice, Ere they'd meet his eye. Yet King Death, who lets not slip Any chances by, One day, with an orange pip, Settled poor Sir Guy. LA LACHRYMosE, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 11.-Oh, what a little witch is she, With charming face and sparkling eyes; That all the world's in love with her One cannot feel the least surprise; And yet, methinks, 'twould better be, If she were not so much respected; For then there'd be a chance for me- My love would sooner be accepted. Cross Words. A portion of each English house, As requisite as cheese to mouse. A creature often run to ground By dogs; in rivers it is found. The mighty first waves lash the shore, And in their grandeur madly roar. kA man of old.established race, With mighty bow and painted face. An animal my last will be, I'm sure its name you soon will see. F. J. HODGES, Greenwich. ad DECAPITATIONS. -(Drop the first letter of a word; leaving another word.) 12.-Ho I knights of the" Tournament," gallant and brave, Once more in the lists I'm appearing, And for my long absence your pardon I crave, Which granted, I next crave a hearing. :; Rejoice with me all at the "Tourney's" success, Sing primal the fame of Miss Taylor; Encourage smart Webb, and the manly address ar, Of jolly Mark Raw, the young sailor. A long and last cheer raise for Cooper and Troy, Great rivals of Dryden and Shelley Forget not De Bear, our poor wandering boy, Fred C., and his sister, fair Nellie. Jones, Carter, and Loveless, Gow, Kitchuer, and Grant, Dear Pick'ring, and Clarice; so charming, e, With musical sonnets our Young Folks enchant, And ever weak foes are alarming. OnIoN. 18.-And so it is decided that the "Tournament" shall not ire In future have its columns filled with poems as of yore; 'Tis first proposed to substitute a short and pithy lot Of cons., that all may h. ,e : chanc to write or solve es, the more. S Now, I must confess I'm sorry, for long I charmed have been By the very clever verses next appearing week-by week, And sincerely hope the poems may continue to be seen In some portion of the paper I shall diligently seek. vJ. A. B. 14.--I am composed of letters five, So now to guess me pray contrive; These letters show, there is no doubt, What none of us can do withoiut; Behead me now, then you may see A place for exercise I'll be, re. Once more behead, I'm very nigh, As I am now before your eye. AnsAa SxrTr, Gresley. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metaRram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition. but leaves a perfect word alter each operation.) D. 15.-Yon.read of primals oft in cons., Still this denotes the same; In fact, 'tis a pure Saxon term, Known ere the N ormans came.
'ow, by deletion's magic aid, Strike out its trilling heart; See, then, the schoolboy's closed hands, Which make his fbes all start. Curtailed, the number singular .o " Of last comes into'view, Which; if'youbut omegrammize, ' Twill swim through deep seas blue. ai Metagrammize this swimmer now, Fifth holds a slight desire A noun or verb it: bth niay_ be, 1 : ..Yet ne'er rouse grammar's ire. O negram1matic treatmeant will ; '-' e sige's title showr'; Of head and tail bereft, oh now, 'hls simple verb you'll know. m. eoOrNISTR5.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.) 16.-We left the green and flowery first, And reached a pleasant wood; The path was steep, but we at last Upon the summit stood. How fair the view before us lay I We gazed with keen delight; A next of happy talk ensued About the lovely sight.. At length my friends who took me for The woodland walk that day, Said it was time to homeward tarn, And then did last the way. Lorxrz W., Brighton. 17.-I know two little girls, They are very fair to see, They are just as s as sas sugar Whene'er they wish to be. These pretty little maidens Have each a pretty name; And though they are not spelt alike, The letters are the same. QUEENIE. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, exi pressed in the narrative.) 18.-Once more I come before you, riddlers dear, Well pleased to find such riddling talent here- To find you (some of you) so staunch and true; Without your aid, whatever could " we" co P By " we," I mean the Editor, you know, The same dear Ed. of Young Folks long ago. To you, Miss Taylor, do I homage pay, Most gracious queen of " Tournament"' array I I also am extremely pleased to see Miss Amy B. and Eveline C. G. Miss Rendle and Miss Lottie W°., With other ladies to the " Tourney" true. Ah I Mr. Price, you've listened to our call- You have a hearty welcome here by all ; And your dear friend, De Bear, again I see, Another knightly champion of the " T." But Cooper, gentle Cooper, where is he? True poetry we in his cons. discern. He hasn't- No, he surely will return! Then Coulson's genial presence, too, we miss; Last year we apprehensive grew-but this I Ah, well, there is a reason, I opine, E'en though that reason I may not divine. I also look for witty Troy in vasn ; Dear, dear I! how we should like him here again ! Ah, Webb, dear Webb, I offer you my hand- Your able pen seems ever at command; And Gow, as well, famed for poetic skill, Wields with success a most untiring quill. There's Pickering, Marshall, Wallis, Holmes, and Hayes, All worthy wearers of the victor's bays. There's Loveless, Royston, Manyweathers, Blair, With many more-why should " we" then despair P No I Sing, ye riddlers, in your wonted style, And I-will fold my arms and list awhile ! ABncER B., Kentish Town. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word. 19.-I lost my second; where it fell, Or when, or how, I could not tell I thought I dropped it in the deli, I could not find it. I searched the arbour, where the rose In plentiful profusion blows, Where scented honeysuckle grows, And, lo I behind it, Where moss a living carpet spread, And round my whole abundant shed Its crimson flowers on downy bed, My loss appeared. As home my joyful way I made, I saw my first run down the glade; Behind the fierce pursuers bayed, While hunters cheered. C. SMITH. 20.-My sister Kate and brother Tom and I Have been in such a fever all the week, Waiting to see Young Folks brought in to-night, And down its pages for our names to seek; And when it came, we hardly dared to look ; But when we summoned courage so to do, And saw our cons. were taken, we felt first, As in a like case so would each of you. How to describe my second I scarce know; e, I fear to say too much, or else you'll find The answer to this con. too soon by far; Instead, I want to exercise your mind. So I'll just tell you 'tis a mineral, And one well trodden on; I'd better say 'Tis brought from quarries. Now, you must admit I've shown the answer up as clear as day. United, first and second form the whole, Which, over England, is a well.known name- The name of one who, some think, has deserved Honour and riches and resounding fame. But some folks differ. Well, in every case Dissentients you generally will see; it, But let my con. enjoy a better fate, And that its clever, mind you all agree. ANNIE A. RoEsTON, Birmingham. 21.-My first is in the ocean seen, Lot And in the maiden's eye; *e My next is heard in every town- You'll guess it if you try; ve My total is a lovely flower, That's in our hedgerows seen, we And though it does no fragrance yield, 'Tis much admired, I ween. "k, W. PIlKERING, Bilston. 22.-My first is part of your body; My next in a stream you'll find; My whole a town in England Will quickly call to mind. DEMANCIIES. PALINDBOME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 23.-A word of letters three; if you Reverse, 'twill read the same; It means to increase or add to. Now, please to guess its name. TaE UNKNOWN.