RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop ltter from the word chosen, leivring another word, ex- Dro W pressed in the nr A. PoiveJ (With apologies to Edr A. Poe.)
,_Hear the hawler w ;tn y-M e Id- y I'± i k-N: 1.- ,orld of wonderness their melody foretells! Shata worw they wrinkle, wrinkle, wrinkle, In the icy air of night ! While the stars that oversprinkle All the heavens look like winkles In a wheelbarrow's delight; Keeping time,'time, time, In a sort of fistic rhyme, To the tintinnabulation that so sorrowfully wells To-lFrom the yells, yells, yells, yells , yells, yells, From the roaring and the boring of the yells. Hear the muffin-hawker's yells-piercing yells 1 Wat a lot of hangriness their melody (?) foretells ! Through the "balmy" time of day- List I what does this man say ? From the molten-golden notes, How his plaintive query floats! wlhta gush of euphony unfortunately wells! How it sells ! how it sells i How it dwells On the stomach I how it tells Of the flavour that impels From the singing of the yells, yells, yells, Yells, yells, yells, yells, yells, To the rhyming and the timing of the yells I! Hear the winkle-seller's yells-brazen yells ! What a sense of odour now the nasal organ smells In the startled ear of night, How he wakes us all with fright, Inaclemoroue appealing for his winkles us to buy I Oh, the yells, yells, yells, What a tale their bawling tells, Of his throat I How they grate, and moan, and roar I What a terror they outpour On the inside of the list'ner with a sigh I Yet the ear it fully knows, By the crying and the sighing- How it strikes the heart like blows! Ay, the ear distinctly tells, In the yel'ing and the selling, How the winkle tells and sells, ly the sinking or the swelling of his yells, Of the yells, yells, yplls, SInthe hoarseness and the coarseness of his yells ! Hear the human being's yells-horrid yells! What a sphere of sudden thought their suddenness com. In the silence-sans the din- When he sits upon a pin With the happiness expressive in his tone ! For all the sounds that float From the rust within his throat Is a groan. And the being-ah I the being- What a host of angels seeing, All alone I And who chaffing, chaffing, chaffing, In his muffled monotone, Feels a glory in so laughing, And dispensing with a moan- He is neither man nor woman- He is neither brute nor human- He is wild : A comparison to child, And he's riled, riled, riled- What a difference to mild I And he dances and he yells, And keeps time, time, time, In a sort of hot.stove time, To the music of his yells, yells- To the shrieking of the yells, yells- To the seeking of the yells, yells- To the crying of his yells, yells- To the sighing of the yells, yells, yells- To the moaning and the groaning of his yells. S. DE BEAR, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the irst letter of a word, leavina another word.) 2.-Her hands and face looked rather sooty, But yet I thought her very nice, So a description of her beauty To charm your hearts will quite suffice. Hier curling locks suggested ginger, Her eyes the notion of a squint, And every morn she used to tinge her Pale cheeks with just a bluch's hint; But to adore her I'd begun, So we will call her a maid one. She told me she had twenty thousand, So I got'interested in that, Soon asked the dear to be my spouse, and I got the answer plain and pat, Much easier than I'd exnected : So gained her self and ca-h-ahem 1- And she agreo: by me directed- I Though haste indecent I conrlemn- That in a month we'd have it done : So now we'llfirst her a maid won. fly loyalty was unremitting, My heart to her remained sincere, Till one fine day came rumour flitting, Until at last it reached my ear, And said that last her wealth had vanished, That now she wasn't worth a cent; With thoughts of cash my love was banished, I only knew it came and went; So I forsook her, telling none, The day we were to be made one. Another took her to the wedding, And after it I chanced to find That stiry which the folk were spreading Was but a very cunning blind. Igrant the thing was very clever, I'm mad that I was such a fool, So I must use with strong endeavour What I have learnt in Folly's school; And as my face the people shun, I think I am a dis-maned one. IVAiHOE, Belfast. s Iet me again I" That was the song she sang, a through the wintry air her clear voice ranug. Segrdless of the falling snow and sleet, n faltering steps she treads the slushy street. 0 ften she turns and looks with pleading eye, jOW at the windows, now at passers-by, AsTelling in plaintive first that sweet old song, SthOughtless thousands hurry fast along. Y it une-favoured last, give her an ear, 0ensyou knowof days lone, sad, and droar, it endless nights oft spent in grief and pain, leasedby Death from poverty's grim chain. J. G. NICIorLLs, Milton. _gyfirft is often in the " Tourney" light, geathlady's smile and lady's frown: Behead, the time when lovers sreonado appears, And brickbats are east down Upon the lover's crown. ERNEST P., Preston. Doh DOUBLE DECAPITATION. Sthw to frst letters of a word. leavin another word.) a.O dealer in precious stones ~yT t will be thle uname "woB behead and you will'have J. BosoIsELn, Belfasb.
NARRATIVE TRIPLE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of three words, to form three other words, expressed in the n rrative.) 6.-You must wake and call me early, call me early, mother, dear, And be sure you wind the 'larm clock up, and put it so's you'll hear; For I wouldn't miss to-morrow, ma, no matter what folks say, For I'm to be Queenof the May, mother, I'm to be Queen of the May. I snore so loud at night, mother, perhaps 'twill make you wake, So some Mother Winslow's Syrup I think I'd better take; And I must get some rouge, mamma, just to make myself up gay, For I'm to be Queen of the May, old gal, I'm to be Queen of the May. As I came up the staircase, what should you think I see ?- The barometer upon the wall said rainy it would be; Yet still I do not care, mamma, whatever such things say, For I'm to be Queen of the May, old hoss, I'm tobe Queen of the May. Little Effle, whom I met to.day, with envy she looked green- I don't know how that little cat can ever be so mean; And when she saw my nelv dress, ma, she turned her head away- For I'm to be Queen of the May, bossess, I'm to be Queen of the May. I've tried to find some flowers, ma, to carry in my hand, I bought some artificial ones off dear old Daddy Bland; I tried to beat him down in price, it nearly turned me grey, Still I'm to be Queen of the May, mater, I'm to be Queen of the May. The winter winds they come and go, and mud is on the grass, I've got a cold upon my chest, and I've spent all my "brass;' I have not had a " drink," mother, throughout the live. long day. Yet I'm to be Queen of the May, duchess, I'm to be Queen of the May. All the valley is a mudpond, ma, I'm smothered o'er with slush, And to-morrow, ma, I really think that I must take my "mush," And take some chest relievers, too-oh, mamma, don' t say nay, For I'm to be Queen of the May, old dear, I'm to be Queen of the May. So you must wake and call me early, call me early, mother dear, And put my mackintosh and my new golosbes near, For if I catch a cold and die, write on my tombstone, pray, "Oh, she was Queen of the May, young gals, she was Queen of the May." J. C. COLLIER. NARRATIVE DUAGIRAM. (Change the first two letters of a w-ýrd to Iorui another word, ex. pressed in the narraurr.) 7.-We've been thinking, deeply thinking, Of the 'cute ones of the " T," As to whom may be the clev'rest- It fairly baffles "we." We might write our thoughts and tell you who's The sweeter and the prettier, And name to you the wittiest- Had th' Yankees not a Wniltier. The Yankees like a Longfellow Where'er the long 'un roams, And sure as Poe's a poet give Him welcome in their Holmes. But what the Dickens can we do When muse withdraws her quackery ? If she won't shed on us a beam, Why, then, sure, we mnsT-hack-e-ray! As 'tis, our Bacon's badly cooked, Where from we will not sp-Lytt.on; We're each content with what he's Scott. (Says some one, " Here, please git on.") If Orpheus did " adore a shade Or dote upon a phantom," He shared our weakness and that of The shadow-loving bantam I But How-itt can be thought that he Made idol of a " shadder l" His idle cooings should have made Him wiser man and sadder. We do not think he should have lost His time in idyling any one, But rather mixed with people and Have played at games of Tennys on-e. A Marvel 'tius how Musa Burns, She thrills one to the Harts, And yet we like her all the Moore To ease with Smiles our Smart. You've heard our briny tale, dear boys, A Gay one for a Landor, Whose Browning is done by the sun, And not 'mong Shelley grandeur. Don't say our con. is Grey-ve, but rather Credit give for fun, sirs ; Macaulays ever lively be, But never make a pun, sirs. V. D. TAYLOR AND R. W. ANDREws. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DUAGRAM., (Change the first two letters of two words to form two other words, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-Kate was a girl Fair as a pearl, A type of sweet humanity; John loved her, hot, She loved him not, " My heart," he said, " it bleeds!" He said he'd swear- She stopped him there, As swearing was profanity. Besides, you know, They were also Divided in their creeds. He said, " I love you, Kate, my dove, you Wreck my love's maturity!" And then he swore He'd live no more, But Kate he still did praise; She tossed her head, And softly said, "Wilt love me in futurity ?" He said, "My sweet l" Their lips did meet, Nor did objection raise. She then did smile On him awhile, And said, "You're so importunate, That really I Can't see you die i" Then gave a little grunt. John got his mate In pretty Kate, He's happy, but unfortunate; She cannot sew On buttons, oh I For needles he must hunt. J. W. SEWELL. BETAGRAM. (Ohance Utha second letter of La word to form anotlher word.) 9,-The second letter of a mashcr transpose, And leave ihfi'ad what's near your nose. 5, psi BEtIt
NARRATIVE META-P RECE.OCMEGRAM. er (Change the first and last lettery but one of a word to form anothler word, expressed in the narrative.l ?, 10.-Violet, oh, Violet, tell me, have you eyes like jet ? Are you slender, short, or tall, thin, or stout, or very 's small ? Are thine eyes an azure hue ? if they are not, tell me is truel Are thy looks a mass of gold? do they in long waves n enfold ? Tell me-tell but me alone-is your hair your very :e own? Are you very docile, mild, or are you a wilful child? ;r Do you oft indulge in slang, telling mashers, "You go hang I" ? If Or are you a skim-milk miss-will do that, and won't do this ? n Do you smoke, or do you ance ? do you play at games of I And, Im anxious now to know, do you box, or fence, or row? Are you not a masheress? do you walk in fashion's dress? ý Wear the caps of Jubilee? with the high-heeled boots agree ? n Are you bright and are you nice? would your arts to charm suffice ? d Are you one-and-twenty yet ? Tell, O tell me, Violet! Woe is me I Alack-a-day I Ivanhoe, with humour gay, d Seeks to know me as I am-amorously quiz this lamb. Shall I pine and fret or fume disagreeably in gloom ? n Nay, I'll answer him as well as my modesty may tell. Ivanhoe, you much mistake me, my hopes, my aims, my make. Here you are, then: Eyes are grey, hair nut-brown, with e locks at play. "Are my features marble white P" Dear, I marvel you n are " write." Roses left my cheeks but tints. (" Cheeky, ain't it ?" some one hints.) A"re my locks of gold a mass ?" Would they were-as coin 'twould " pass." "Does my hair in waves enfold!" 'T has in mighty "billows" rolled ! Tell thee-tell but thee alone-certainly my 'air's my own I a Am I docile-very mild ?" Always when by thee be. guiled. I for dudes don't care a pin. All my "charms" are i genuine. "Tell them bang!" You make me frown. 'Tis the S rivterse-" You go drown!" "Or am I a skim-milk miss?" Nay, much cowed this V damsel is!" "Do I box ?" Oh, heed my tours Ivanhoe, I'll box Syour ears ! " Do I fence ?" Of-fence I take nut, and I'm sure offence you make not. "Do I row ?" you question more. Yes, your quizzing makes me roar. "Am I not a masheress?" Saints be praisedl i'm masherless. 3 Fashion does not turn my brain; more or less, all folks are vain. "Am I bright and am I nice ?" Ask the hiding-place of mice "Will my arts suffice to charm you ?" I can't tell, but they shan't harm you; Though you "arm" me, as a brother, I shall please some time or other. " Am I twenty-one as yet ?" No; as yet I'm Violet. Sir, your manner really suave is. See how kindly Vi'let Dave is ! Now I'll bolt and leave you-so ; gratified is Ivanhoe ? VIOLET DAVIES AND IVANHOE. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Dear Lucceius, I read your epistle This morning, while taking my toast, Which first of all stirred up my gristle, Then left me as pale as a ghost 1 I could not believe it, or credit, I gurgled, I gasped, and I sighed; And if I had choked as I read it, I really believe I'd have died. For there, sure enough, stood the label In very plain print "To H. T.," And as I turned over the table, I murmured " Why, surely that's me!" And then, with the thoughts I'd to carry, I fainted right off-foolsh elf I- So could not come to you-for. Harry, 'Twas long 'fore I came to myself. At last from my slumber pacifio I rose without ferment or fuss, Till, seeing the ruin terrific, I swore, then apostrophised thus:- O murder, O law, what a blunder I S'death and s' blood, what a wreck.! Gramercy, i'faith, and 0 thunder, Oddsbodikins, cuss, and 0 hee I O cruel, 0 fate, and 0 crime, ah I O grief, and 0 greatest of woes I O Moses, and jumping .)emnimal O biggest of all the big O's 1 Fly, fly to that fellow named Harry, Called Henry, or otherwise Cox, And tell him, ne'er stopping to tarry, This greatest of all the great shocks. And say I am longing, believe me, To bring our first meeting about, And add, should he call here to see me, That if I'm not in I'll be out. And tell him these verses are so meant To show, without wish to offend, I'm ready to be any moment His comrade, his chum, and his friend. Then out of the front window flitting, Away went those wishes of mine, And left me there silently sitting, Most truly, H. C., ever thine. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word in the narratlve.I 12.-My hat's gaily soaring above on the breeze, The rain's coming down here like "blazes;" I've got a bad cold, I'm a gigantic sneeze, My aspect my family disgraces. My hat's just dropped down in a puddle, of course, It's spoiled now for ever and ever; The wind seems to have not the slightest remorse, In fact, seems to think itself clever. I'm quite in the fashion, I'm writing of spring, g That season that charms the young poet; 10 That season that odes without number doth bring 11 To Ed., till he gently says "Stow it." Oh, spring, yon're a nuisance Oh, spring, you're my 21 bane! Cold winter to you is a treasure. I can't understand how 'tis you give me pain, While other folk hail you with pleasure. DaosFo, London. CIHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of welcob is :a word.d 13.-My first's some lady's head adorning ( At noon, at midnight, and at morning; My last's a grain much used for food In distant lands, and here thought good; My whhole is a whim for the fair to unfold, Which, should tholosseess, let it never be told. g . J, SCHOPIELD, HIorbury. de
NAI&RATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the firsi letter of a word, leaving another word,"xprossed in the narrative.) 14.-Another is eager to join in the fray, Another is eager to show he can fight, Another desires to be able to say In a proud tone of voice, " I'm a' Tournament' knight." O list to the pleading, ye damsels so fair, Of one always ready to sing in your praise; O ye warriors bold, lend an ear to my prayer, And I will uphold your renown in my lays. On occasions when gentlemeun strive for selection, And as members of Parliament wish to be known, They announce to the voters before the election The kind of political feelings they own. Thus I, as among you I make my ddbut, Ere I clothe me in steel for the "Tournament" war, Lest you feel any doubt that I'm loyal or true, Will plainly declare what my sentuuents are. To be reckoned as one of the warriors bravo Who the fame of the " T." by their valour maintain, Is an honour, a glory, that all cannot have, Is an honour, a glory, I've striven to gain. How I have deserved it in time you'll decide, What I can accompish remains to be seen ; But you may be sure I'll leave nothing untried To enhance the renown of the "T." and its queen. CoTrUaNUs, 15.-Dear little Jack, with his rubicund face Smeared with molasses all o'er, And sticky with toffy and dirty with jam, Is rollink on mamma's clean floor. He's a Turk, is young Jack, and that we all know, For he plagues all the villagers near; And the cats and the doggies, and even the pigs, Will watch him with looks full of fear. Yet with all his pranks and his many quaint tricks, He still is his mother's own joy; And the wealth that the Indies are said to possess Wouldn't purchase from her her own boy. R. L. JEFFEnnsoN, London. 16.-Kiss them here, and kiss them there, Kiss them here and everywhere; Kiss the maids all round the ring When their voices gladsome sing, " Who'd be missing, who'd be missing, Kissing maids all round the ring ?" Hear them shout and see them play, Blithesome, joyous, all the day; Hear their merry voices ring, Hear their charming voices sing, " Who'd be missing, who'd be missing, Kissing maids all round the ring ?" LuccuIus. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to sorn another wa:rd.i 17.--It seemeth passing strange to me That I should fall in love with thee; That all the plaits, and all the curls, The brown, the blue, the first black eyes, The ruddy cheeks of all the girls, Could not this heart of mine surprise. And then it seems so strange to me That I should fall in love with thee. It seemeth passing strange to me That I should fall in love with thee. An amateur misogynist, A lover of stern philosophies, Should all my wisdom have dismissed For one bright pair of laughing eyes. Thus, then, it seemeth strange to me That I should fall in love with thee. And last 'tis not so strange for me That I should fall in love with thee. The gaudy tulip or the rose Is beautiful within its place; But I have only love for those Sweet flowers which show a modest grace. Therefore, 'tis not so strange for me That I should fall in love with thee. PATRICK S., Belfast. 18.-While through the list I gaily wag, Or canter on my feeble nag, The oft-repeated call I hear That bids me in the " T." appear Original. E'en while I now the " Tourney " scan, Ifirst a kinsman of our clan Himself declare a rebel knight Who wants to have our law made quite Original. And boldly doth he take his stand 'Gainst Queen Marion's own right hand, Saying, "Maidens shall not rule the ' T.;' We'll have the Sali law," quoth he, O Rtcginal(d). But, Helen, stay thy fatal lance, And give the wounded knight a chance; Spare the rash, imperious sage, Nor further battle with him wage, Or-rage, Nell. 'Tis but the fire of passion burns, Provoking him to show his horns; Or p'rhaps bold Mercian may have fell A victim to the awful spell Original. Brave Mercian, I admire your pluck, But would not stake much on your luck; The object that you have in view I last, sir knight, that it is too Original. R. WATr, Glasgow. CONUNDRUM. 19.-This puzzle I indite today I fear will scarce find numskulls plenty: How to make sixty, tell me, plray, By simply adding three to twenty. MADEIRA. A-------