RID)I)LE TOUR nTAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
(Chnnoe the first two letters ofr a ord to form another word.) .--Clanging, clanging from the steeples were the bells on Christmas Day, Peace and goodwill to all ringing, as I turned ,me from my way Through the silent streets of London, with their winding sheets of snow, To a shop whore, white with berries, hung a bunch of mistletoe. O, the mistletoe was swinging, swinging idly in the air, And a something seemed to happen, even as I gazid there: Swept a sudden cloud of shadows o'er the mounds of drifted snow, And I dreamt a dream of glory underneath the mistle. toe. 'Twas a dream of memories olden, of the time that once had been, And my eyes were dim with weeping at each well-re- membered scene; Visions fair of hoIno and kindred that were seen so hng a~o, Seemed to mock me in my primal underneath the unstletoe. But to me the fairest vision, ere it faded in the night, Was a church whose mullioned windows cast a faint refleted light On the white, emblazoned tablets of the dead that slept below, And the dim aisles dark with holly and the wreaths of mistletoe. Still the air that seemed to slumber in the shade of pillars dim, And the i-les that once had echoed to the thrilling organ hymn; Rough and worn the heavy flagstones where a crimson glory fell I. rom the Crucifixion window high up in the old chancel. Half in light, and half in shadow, lay the purple-robed altar, Sprinkled o'er with fjial berries and the laurel-wreathbd star, And, methought, beyond the railing of the chancel, silent there Stood the figure of a woman, with her white hands clasped in prayer. O the light from window streaming touched her robe with points of flame, As, with silent step and gliding, down the gloried church Elie camne; But I heeded not the glory, for, with dark eyes fixed on mine Shone a face of angel beauty, and, O love, that face was thine ! Once again the bells were ringing, ringing out the tidings sweet, Waking up the dreary echoes of the lonely London street Far away o'er road and pavement stretched the winding shees of snow, Aud . efore me, white with berries, hung that bunch of mistletoe. E. A. C. 2.-Oh, the merry, merry Yule has first again, And toy muse inspires me to a lively strainu; For my hopes are very high, And my spirits upward fly, And from shouting joy I scarcely can refrain. Oh, the very pleasant neexts we all have had! And the friendly ga herines, making us so glad! May the festive season bring Peace and gladness on its wing To each "Tourney " lassie and each " Tourney " lad ! Oh, a happy, happy year to old and new lhddling knights who've proved themselves so loyal and true; To our queen (long may she reign i) And the ladies of her train, Oh, a happy, happy year to each of yon ! AmY BOEnIIMER. NARRATIVE DUAG RAMS. (Change the first two letters of a iw.rd ito form another word, ex- pressed it the nlsrrtive.: S.--ark to the bells as their anthem they're ringing, Borne by the zephyrs o'er hill and o'er dale. Their music ha) ceased; now swells forth the singing Of prais-s to heartfelt by weakly and hale. With pleasure unbounded they lift up their voices And sing of the One who on this day was born. And each, as he quits the church portal, rejoices To think that he's witnessed one more Christmas morn. At home almost fiercely the fre is now blazing, The rooms look resplendent with holly and green ; On kind fr-euds and kinsfolk so dear we are gazn ti, Whom we for full many a day have not seen. Kind welcomes we're giving, and greetings bestowing, And thrdlling recitals we hear with delight- Of course not forget.ting (the fair ones allowing) The joys to be found 'neath the berries of white. In regions remotest, where e'en in December The sun seems to pour fcrth his rays with great glee, This day all with gratitude ever remember, And thin' of their loved ones far over the sea. And though In a manner removed far from others, They welcome each year this our glad Noel day, lRcalling to memory friends, wives, or mother-, Whom to imeet once again each trusts that 1.e may. J. STOCKS, Southwark. 4.-Knights chivalrous, brave and fleet, Maidens pathetic, gentle, sweet, We in Christmas season meet, Each with tidings glad to greet; Ev'ry face enwreathed in glee, Other hearts'with us agree; All united, happy, free, In the old-time jollity. Blissful harmony of song, In the annual " Tourney " throng, Flings a pleasure and a pride In the circle far and wide; Wishes hearty and sincere Rise re-echoed far and near, Hearts before whose warmth heartfelt Winter's frosts dissolve and melt. Knights and maids-a bright array- Of the past, and of to-day; Wits who many a field have won, Many a joke and romance spun ; Gallants who have nobly fought, And who ladies' smiles have sought Bards whose pathos deep has thrilled, And the heart with pity filled,- All look back on days long gone, Service well and bravely done, Aud our Editor wi'h pride- He our trusted frieind and guide- Glances o'er his varied stock, Shepherd worthy of his flock; Kindly greetings in his eyes MIutely from his heart up'ise. V. D. TAYLOR AND J. C. Dnanso.
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a iwlordl harig another word, expressed ill thle inarrative.) 5.-My sister riddlers, fai , I aen to write A heartfelt wish that. Christmas may be bright; It eal joy and love, combined with all that's true, I trust will give a welcome unto you. O ur gentle Marion, may this day be glad, N e'er dimmed by grief, nor marred by aught that's sad. Q neeuie, dear friend, you must not think that I U nkindly, this bright day, would lass you by; E 'en would I wish for you all blessings fair. E ver a stranger may you be to care. N ot one sad tear should spoil your joy to-day, I n all things be both happy, sweet, and gay. E very fond gift for you, dear, do I praLy. A my Boehmer, you I'd not forget, 1 nay Christmastide bring pleasure to you, yet, Y" our heart be light, your life free from regret. A unie, to you, our pleasure-loving friend, N othing but tender wishes would I send ; N ay, if old Xmas gratilied my wish, I would impress upon your lips a kiss: E' arth's fairest gifts be yours, -lea:ven's truest bliss. 'K ate Royston, please accept my Christmas song, A s one with your dear sister's. Though not lung T he verses, yet the wish is most sincere, E ach Yuletide bright bring to you all that's dear. T o all the ridd)ers whom I c:nnot nalue, O f wishes true I offer them the same: A 11 things attend them, j llitv and fulm. L adies and knighllts, myY uletide mission's done- L eve, peace, and joy be wvith you, , very one. NELLIsE \ATSON, Cheshunt. G.-How often poets sing about the girls, You klnow, With eyes of blue ad,,, lovely auburn curls, You know! They tell of one who is, of course, the fairest on thIe earth, And who they natulcr ly think a'l other inladens worth, But of originality there is in this a de.arth, You know. And then a knight, in lovely armoured dress, You know, Who rescues pretty damisels in distress, You know. No mortal man was ever known this doughty knight to beat. Although it often happens that he makes a score retreat. This isn't quite original, bnt still it's very neat, You know. Oh! wouldn't it be iice-it would indeed, You know- If something ncclo we anywhere could read, You know. But listeu, I'm about to write-so please yourselves prepare- On sulij.ects that have never yet been read of anywhere, And which will cause the pubhc in astonishment to stare, You know. J. A. LAi:suHALL, Southwark. 7.-I was walking through the st reels of merry London, When a suldden thought occurred to me so bright; I ihad heard of people having inspir itions, So thought i'd try a puzzle to indite. "The stars were shining down wi Ii all their grandeur !" Now, really, that is excellent, that line! "I am wVif tug at liy table wiI it ' lildaurtlc "e - Thlough thats too commnonplace, iand not so fine. Ah! I have it ! I hlave foundi a lovely notion- I sbal demonstra te the actions of the seas, And describe each wave's artistic upward motion, And-- " Sir, which way to Holborn, if you pl ase ?" S. DE Blt:a. 8.-Christmas bells are loudly ringingl O'er the white and spotless sn5,wc; Meumories which their notes are briugiung :Make my heart with rapture glow. Hear the waits, with joyful chlrns, Singing of the Saviour's birl h ; Angels' prayers are, wasted ,'er uis- " Peace, goodwill to men on earth." Give no heed to idle sorrow On this bright and festive :lay Do not grief or dull care borrow- Chase all saddened thoughtsi away. LonQ Sasov.-ior:, Bathgatc. CURTAILMENT. (D(rop the final letter ofa wn ord. I:t m rucnot.icr Word.) 9.-Hurrah ! hurrah ! With joyful cheer We welcome Father Christmas (here, And sing his praise with full united chorus; Hlis ruddy, ever-smiling face In all its olden pride and grace Again-and. oh, how welcome !-lies before us. Hurrah ! hurrah! With jocund glee Once more the holly-boughs we see Hung up with lnext-faced mistletoe above us; And round the gl.win;g, roaring fire, That never ,c--icc: t,, i.t or tire, Are gathered all the darling friends who ove us. What though the snow in stainless heaps U pon each hedge and roadwx.y sleeps, And keenly blows the wind around our dwelling ? All warm, and gay, and glecld within, We raise our nielrry shout anld din, While every heart with. love and joy is swelling. Then let ius tune our Christmas song In hearty preans, loud and lonr, To thank our good old friend in bolndle:ss measure ; 'Twill fill his noble heart with joy To know that all--hoth girl and bcoy-- In Christmas greetings find so grand a pleasure. F. G. Wssn, Southwark. CHARADE. (Formed on a word eacil syllable of which is a word.i First. 10.-I steal to the earth with each infant's birth, And cling to each breast as the years roll on; I'm felt in the breath of the tyrant D)eath, As he turns each heart to a cold, cold stone. Second. In a garret high, near the midnight sky, With wild, hollow eyes, and with unkempt hair, Sits, as 'neath a ban, a literary man, Who scribbles away as in dire despair. Third. One dates from the time of the birth sublime Of the Heavenly Babe in a stable stall; And of Time's swift flight since that wondrous night, This Christian one is the greatest of all. Fourth. I march on my way through the golden day, To rest at last in the starry sky; And me you shall see through eternity, When cometh the end anud all men must die. Whole. O soul of mighty mecrit ! U great and master spirit! Alack that thou from earth hct passed away! As we plnuck the holly berry and our hearts are full and merry, We'll pause awhile, and soul to soul shall say, "As the Blessetl Child came in, his spirit left earth's din :" Upon the threshold met they that Christmas Day ! C. P. MrITCsELL.
NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRABf. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed it tlhe narrative.) 11.-King Christmas, we honour thy storm-beaten face, Respect ev'ry hair of thy snowy.white locks; For thou bearest thy years with such magi al grace 'Mid Time's aging hand and King Winter's rude shocks. Thy features light up with a broad, beaming smile, As you wink at the mistletoe bough, most dismeeet, With its myriad white berries, that somehow beguile Red lips and ich blushes beneath them to meet. The sweet evergreens make the cheerless home bright, With the holly's red berries to vary the (hue, And the bells that are breathing out praise to the night Make merry in honour, King Christmas, of you. The snows rohe the earth in a pure, spotlces shroud, And the wintry blasts howl as they prowl 'mong the trees, And the fair Christmas morning, with never a cloud, Shall dawn in its glory us mortals to please. The goose! alt, the old dish of past Christnm:tstides Shall pose as a martyr upon the broad table; And at eve we will gather about our fire.ides To listen to song coiid of ghosts in the fablc. Gay laughter shall hits lc old Care from the cave \hich he largely inhabits deep down in the heart, And poor human natu re il mystic streams lave, And cleanse all its aches of the dying year's sanrt. The bluff, rueged toil rs, in homes saci and neat, Shall smiile with their suatrous in ipride aod in joy On the joyousness, freaks, and the iunoccu e sweet Of gay little maiden and fun-loving boy. And when merry (liristm:is has flown to the past, And a1 yearlet has yoked its bright chains to our years, VWe'l " Keep up ouri peckeers " in piluck to the last, In joys and in pleasures, in sorrows and tears. We know not what fruitage the New Year may sow- Whether fruitage to bl acssom, or fruitage to fade But, like Nature's sweet flowers that the sunmmer winds blow, We'll be kind in its snushine, contient in its shade. World.wearying tulsteits and toils yield us rest. Though with deep trihilatious 'tis bitter to cope; We'll name our Ihune anchorage Faith, and the best Of all beacons and guides for our g',od ship, sweet Hope. V. 1)).TaYLouR, Warrington. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of ', word, leav.ntV anothe r word.) 12.-'Tis Christmas Eve, and wildly the storm First over the busy town ; Cold icicles glitter ~o1 tower and wail, A mantle of snow is enveloping all As if with the softCt down. 'Tis Christmas Eve, and many a home Is ringing with laughter gay, For wildly is rages the storliL and wind, Glad Christmas rejoicings till hueart and itind, And all show a festal day. 'Tis Christmas Eve, but 'n'atli a cold arch Is shiv'riug a Lonctdon stray; The inorrow for her ha(s no pil ospects of joy, No loving embrace, no festal toy, To gla IdeC her weary way. 'Tis Christmas Eve, but little, of hope It brines to thact tr'iuble.l heart . Slhe it'erly wi.ci its she tinklts Ihat ne'er Will Christumas Day to her bcc fair, Or woe from her life depart. 5L 5 * 'Tis Christmas Eve, and under the arch is shooting a heavenly ray, An angel of light descends from the sky, A spirit is borne to its honic o0n high, And rises to Christmas Day. SI'ti:tANcZA, 3thual Green. 1'3.-There's a feast in Vallambrosa, Every knight Invited there, Mat ters not if poet, proser, To the hall lie inmst repair. Mirth is there, and joy andi pleasure, Ale and beef, and itnstrel song; Ul(lppiness withouten iectasure- Comie and join our joyous throng. Tlhere's a queen in Vallambrosa, And our I.litor is there- You should hiac'" tile trumpets blow there, HIear the harp and tdulcitmer ! Mirth is I.here, and joy and pIeasnre, Ale anld biccf, and minstrel song, Happiness withouten meuasure-- Colcme ntitd join our joyous throng. There is love in Vallambrosa, 'riendship constant, kind and true; Have the kindness just to go 1 here- Blring youir friends along with you. Mirth is there, iaid joy and pleisure, Ale and beef, andl( minstrel song, Happiness withouten measure-- Coint, and join our joyous throng. it. Cox, Forestland. PRECE-OMEGIIAjq. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 14.-Trie the joy, and trite the pleasure, That the Cihrisltastide does lbring, Meeting all we love aond treasure, Roblbiing wint'er of its sting. Bri'ght and gay thi haI)tpy faces e'orming.ici t thIe " kissing ring" Tears hainve flown, and left no traces, Blithely 'tes tihe robin sin-g. Fruitsi aid ne , hci.d ev'ry chtoice. With the Christmis ctheer :nud fosnt, Give the rich a lordly voe,n Merry make the rich man's home. Sad the woe, and sad the sorrow, That the Christmastide does bring. Metingc misery and furrow, Adding point to winter's sting; Pale and cold, the joyless faces Form an outcast, homeless ring; Smiles have flown and left no traces, And no blithesome robins sing. Luxuries denied the choice, In tihe teiil.rst wild to roam, Give trie poor a lowly voice, Wretched make the poor msan's home. J. C. 1). AND V. D. T. MONO PHONE. (Words of dlifferent, meanine. hut the eame in sound.) 15.-How beautiful the cold snow loolksl How piretty and first.ly it fails ! It clings to the wind-shaken trees; It lies thick on the castle walls. It throws out a pure white second From the tops of turrets so high, And it lies on the ground below, Ontmatching the light of the sky. F. MORLEY, Cailden Town. LOGOGRIPIt. (A Word whichl Inly be treated as a meta._'rant, . c tcallttaOIL, dele- tion, and tlr'nspositiot,, bat leaves a pefi:cet orid aftetr :teti 16.-In tile winter you'll use 'fi'- Upon the ice, I trow; If y.ui behead, a girl's ictme you Will very quickly show; Behead, transpose, and now you'll view What's used each day by all of you. A. A. Drsrs, SouthamUpton.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of , word ts, formn another word.) 17.-A troubadour was singing, was sioging to his love, \Vho was smiling, Juliet fashion, from thle balcony ab ,ve. O the maid was young and comely, and the youth was fair to see, As he warbled shrill his love-songs uuderne.ath the linden tree. But the minstrel's song grew softer as lie touched the light guitar, And the maiden leant her fair bead 'gailst a massive china jar, Whence a wealth of creamy roses scattered pe: ale fresh and fair On the twain of happy lovers lingering in the moonlight there. Soft and softer in the stillness sank her lover's her. monies, Till they died away in whisper-o on the fiowerr-seeitedc breeze; Yet throgh all that haunted hilenee sti!l those strains the maideu firsl, For her tender lips are trembling, from her eyes the second burst. Strike again the strings, 0 minstrel!--strike some light and lively theoie !" So lie strikes, and swift as sleeper waking from somne fearful Ire:m, Starts tile maiden, terror-stricken, to her feet; Lbut in her fright Sends the jar of crcamy roses headTotig down into the nighit. He had stepped into the moonbeanms as he saw his lore adrance, Twanging still his merry guitar, and warbling of love's rolmance. He had just his right airu raisid, and "'' MIy darlin; 'e " had s id, When crash came the jar of roses on hlis poor devoted head! For one momeniit all was silence; theti a wild yell of despair, Followed swift by oaths and curses, ratng out wild'ly on the air; Shrieking, fled thle gentle nmanid-n, with her ihandIs clasped to her ,row, While her lover danced in anguish on the gravel path below. Nevermore the miaidenii lingers on the moonlit lbalcony, Nevermore the minstrel sligeth unidernieath tihe linden tree ; Gone the glow of love that brightened all their happy dreams of yore, And the winds, in voice prophetic, seem to wliisper " Nevermore." FmiAoo. 18.-Oh, the firelight slickers re ly first the decerot..d room, Working fitful ghostly fancies, lighting up thie wointry gloom, Children happy, warm, and clhecerful-faces thai we 1-:i to sec', Thlat grow solemnl as ther lie'ton to d- drk i aoos of -.t. , :t Tmmi'irniig chestnuts slowly rooisfilg, Ioimmee hi.. r- . and .aimool. While, mwi Ihot, the twioight shadows cl(,0kl' kI'.:l: r form, amnd fall. What fair tales of love are whispered 'neath white bern i. banging high. As bright laces catch the radiance from red h0olly heir: .-a nigh l lWhat a mingled lass of whispers, and soft murmurs sw, ul and low, Come from youths and bashful nmaidens that are dane: g to aid fro ! While from niear the chimney-corner older eyes upon them rove, Ligiloed up with ssmiles of pleasure, beminug o0n 1lh(.i all with love. Oh, thle clharni of merry Christmas, with irs memories ever green, As we glance with looks of glainiess onsome fair, delight- foll scene ; What a wealth of fairy fancies are we wreathing as we nail, Over every shelf and pictuore, berries red and berries pale I Thao. all readers gay and lhl:ppy this bright C:irisamas tilme wvill be, Is the wish of every riddler, echoed by LA MrsrnmEaH. 19.--Hail to the ever-welcome comer, Bringing gladness and roaring cheer, Not as in beauty of blooming slumlner, Wheu the glories of earth aplpear, But when winter without is pouring All tile vengeance so Jfirs delhyed, And the autumn has finished st 'ring Leafy treasures in lone and glade. Comest thou with thy joy and treasures, Bringing light to thle hearts of all Fancy's dreams and unlooked-for pleasures, Pure rejoicing in cot and hall ; Eyes that shine with a mirthful gleanoing, Happy souls that' their lives entwilou, And bright glory on earth is stieanming Into the bosoms of all to shine ; Coming of friends oand the greetilg hearty, Causing pleasure of life to glow, Where all join in tie merry p:arty, Wit andl langhter in streams to flow ; Old-gone times from the past, apearing, Bringing stories of ancient lore, More than ever true hearts endiearing To the years they had known before. Bringest thou mistletoe and holly, Gathered rejoicing by old and young; Decking all wich a chorus jolly- Never still are the eye and tongue. Love waits over the scene entrancing, Peace steals into the hearts of all; And the magic of bright eyes glancing, Heart and mind in their joy enthral. Christmas, take the laet we render, Heartfelt praises to thee we bring, For thy message which, sweet and tender, Comes to us on the air's soft wing; May we ever keep it before us, Ringing over and o'er again, Spread by millions in strains sonorous, "Peace on earth, and goodwill to men." IvaNhmam, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRItAM. (Tho hirst letter of 0 worol is canloadmgL, too oro :lothlor nwor.l in the nolrrolive,h 20.--Now, Archer B., Fray tell to me The reason that the chant.icleer Keelos smooth and clean his feathers, e'en At any season of the year. No doubt you vis thie answer is Because he keeps his shanty clear; But, oh, dear, no, that's far too low ! But you will solve it, I've no fear. Oh, friend Dronon, your little con. Has puzzled ome; lIot gore me time, And I.' e no doubt I'll filod it nook, And give the answer, too, in royme. Aha Juan C.. just list to ine- Whether withiti his little home, Or far or near, the chanticleer Carries invariably his cantb. Du~sron Atn Ancorenl L.