RIDDLE TOUJRNAMENT, DECAPITATIONS.
(Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another w-ord 1.-Oh, world of weary pleasures I let me free Just for a while to first the lonely lea, Where in repose so sweetly I may walk, And hear no more of men and women's talk Though not alone; for a companion sweet Will gladly greet me, nestling at my feet. And that's the daisy 1-fair and modest one, Smiling in peace beneath the summer sun; Simple and pure, so fairy-like and meek, Looking so much, yet not ordained to s'peak Ah I but I next in that bewitching look, Proverbs as true as told by tongue or book; Proverbs that tell how sinful man must be, When he beholds the daisy's purity e Filling with peace a rough, uncultured lea. Ah, daisy sweet ! did man Hike you each day But wake as pure 'till he had passed away i Oh, happy task I if we did only try To purer live, and purer still to die I 2.-Long live our gracious Ed.! F. W Long live our dear old Ed.! Long live our Ed. I Now raise the joyful song, Amid our riddling throng, " May Heav'n his days prolong p' Long live our Ed. I Civil, and ne'er unkind To the inquiring mind, Is first dear Ed. Let him your feelings know, On him your praises throw, On him last thanks bestow. Long live our Ed. I Give, then, a hearty cheer For him we honour here. Long live our Ed. I Sisters and brothers, all Riddlers both great and small, Shout (mind the roof don't fall), Long live our Ed. 1 E. L. Hloung NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another wao the narrativeJ 3.-Mortals, remember to maintain In every state an equal mind; E'en though you look, and look in vain, Your name in " Tourney's" page to find, Try again. Mortals, remember to maintain In every state an equal mind; Though oft you see with keenest shame That all your puzzles are declined, Try again. Mortals, remember to maintain In every state an equal mind; Such things cannot but give you pain, But let them not cast you behind- Try again. And when at last you find your name High on the lists in " Tournament," And with the greatest riddlers reign, Oh, surely then you'll be content i Try again. I mean to close my little strain, I hope you have the answer read; But if you have not, read again- Remember that it hath been said, Try again. P. S., Belfast CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word) 4.-The German bandsmen tuned their joyful lays Beneath the window of his lonely room; From time to time a song of grateful praise To earth and sky re-echoed through the gloom. But he who sat beside the window-pane Cast not a thought to subjects bright and gay, As, rocking to and fro his maddened brain, He strove to write a cruel, ghostly lay. All sorts of goblins rose before his eyes, But none could meet his eloquent desire, All kinds of wicked deeds he seemed to prize- Dwelt long on themes of murder, storm, and fire. But naught could please the bard's desiring soul- He first for something baser far than this; And so new thoughts he next upon the roll, Till out his candle flickered with a hiss. Then, in the solemn darkness of the night, Fantastic shapes grew forth from wall and floor; Their*silent forms lit up with ghostly light That showed the blood-stained, spectral garb they w5 The phantom figures crept towards his chair, And almost caused the bard with fear to choke; When, in the very depths of his despair, He made a sudden effort-and awoke! F. G. WEBBn, Southwarkl ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in sunooession to form other wof- 5.-Now, come, my dear, just first the fire, and try To make a cup of tea for you and I. Then bank the fire with next, and light the gas, And we will read that essay on " The Ass. Before we start, just bring the third and wine, Then fill your glass, and afterwards fill min. But please take next, the wine is very old And soon intoxicates, as I've been told. Look at this cut; an ass hitched to a last, And looks as though he's going very fast. W. D. PICKmERING, Southwa k PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last lbtter but one of a'word to form another g - 6..ZDon't sit and idly scan Sorrow and ruin; Up and be doing, man, Up and be doing I Be primal, if you can- Not care be brewing; Up and be doing, man, Up and be doing l Wipe the next from your eyes, Brighter scenes viewing; From lethargy arise- Up alnd be doing! LA LAcsYros OIEGRAM. (Thce last letter of a word is Changed to form another W* 7.-My cousin Fan to me one day Did eagerlysnggest That for a first we should essay, Upon the ooean's breast. So, just to please her eager whhnim, I hastened to.the shore, And hired a boatman, neat and trim, To take us ona tour. And as we bounded o'er the sea With not a sight of land, Fan clapedher hands in rapt'rous glee, And asti " Ohthis is grand!" LllroW R. Wnrrwo IirH
, ýBEVf r EEIONS. 6w whlo h read backw ford pxors another word.) h't-Shut out from heaven's bless8d light, In darkness worse than darkest night, Within four- narrow, stifling walls, Unheard are all his'feeble calls. .. No friendly hands or voices nigh, Alone he's left to rot or die. Ohbwhat a AirstCan vengeful man Against his felleod.reature'planIt In disinal ext, hi heavy sigh s' For retribution heavenward fly; His rusty fetters' jangling sound Rings hollow on the stony ground. Imprisoned here becauseforsooth. He dared draw forth, ii rlght'and truth, His stainless blade, to.save his land From the devouring Norman's hand. -' E. BLarn, Liverpool. g.-" If you will listen unto me," . I heard my sister say, ,' I'll try to fill your hearts with glee Upon this happy day. See, hero I've bought a first for Nell- Of colours it has two; It cannot fail to please her well, lily last I've got for you." M. L. RAW. 10.-My first's a place of safety, In every household seen; Who gallantly defend' the right, Will meet their last, I ween. T. Nixox, Dudley Colliery. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) -As sinks the sun beyond the tinted crest Of western height to seek a well-earned rest, All nature seems to watch his ling'ring flight, And softly, sweetly, whiseer him " Good night." No note discordant pains the liat'ning ear; All things in fitting unison appear To tene their voices in one low, soft lay, as though they feared to wake the slumb'ring day. Bat serd birds are heard upon the trees, Save when, upon the odour.laden breeze, Is borne the glorious trill of Philomel, As to the twilight hour he sings "F arewell." Anon, from leaf-embowered hamlet, soon The prowling first whines welcome to the moon, That, sweeping grandly from her cloudy pall, O'er hill and lea her silv'rybeams let fall. 'And, sweetly solemn, from yon ivied tower, The whole's deep tone proclaims the resting hour, And, as its mournful cadence dies away, It tells the death of yet another day. ENooC ARDEN. ,-One of the ancient races of these isles, And then a well.known chemist's name you seek; Unite, and see a feature which beguiles The readers of this paper week by week. R. C. LovELESS, Birmingham. 13.-My first is found in every one, We could not live without it My net's a kind of well or pond- I'm sure you will not doubt it. Now, if those two you've read aright, An English city bomes to sight. DEMANOHES. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) I once was a masher, I once was a swell, I once used to flirt with each dear little belle; I used to be envied by all in the row, Admired by the ladles wherever I'd go; I used to drink sherry, champagne, bitter beers, 31y collars, so large, would first under my ears; Isported check suits,' and my gold chain was brass, And screwed up my face with a beastly eye-glass. Inused to stop out till past twelve every night, And stumble home muddled-in fact, very tight, Sing old comic songs in a rather loud tone, Knock at the next door instead of my own; At every race meeting I'd always'be there, And mix with the chappies and ladies so fair; I spoke with a lisp, and I dressed with good taste, The diamonds I wore were related to paste. I smoked good cigars, and my language was choice, Sang songs sentimental in such a sweet voice; And although my income was not so extensive, I lived in a manner both granid and expensive. But now here's the moral: there next a big smash- I got into debt, for I spent all my cash; Then soon as a masher I lost my renown, And never again was I Seen about town. J. FRANKxIN. ACROSTIC. J. word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foucdation Word. 15.-I now upon initials fondly gaze I've never seen before such splendid lays. Cross Words. The storm is o'er, my,firat has passed away, And all around the sun shines bright and gay. Unfold my next, to view it then will bring The act of flowing into anything. Ilove to ramble through the dell and third, Where oft the blackbird's anthem can be heard. All was calm and pleasant overhead, As o'er the fourth blue sea our vessel sped. Oh, wondrous man : when I am at my leisure, Thy poems and thy tales I read with pleasure. y sixth, I want You all to understand, Is one who's banished from his native lahid. Along by lasts I always like t0 stray, And watch the water as it rolls away. GoLZrn CLOUD, Birkenhead. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in soundJ 16.-ByNeptunes o ctangeful element E~ncircled is my first- In.fairer climes than oursa 'tis from Their dells exotics burst. Along my last, in majesty, Rich tones in cadence float; Soar to the roof, but, backwaird hurled, Sink m one trembling note. LOGOGRIPHS. Acolsuazne dwhich may be treated aa mtagram depitation, del d. poration. 1ton, but leaves a perfeot word after each l7.-] firstis usedhy bakers all
Part of youl remauis it you, Cut off its head The letters left pleas rearrange, And into view a Will come a worwhich means to spoil. Dear friends, adieu ! M FP. GsiuN, 'ermoy. 18-Although it is a practice tamie, I nmas bring in a female's name. :y next, preoeded by. the earth, was given an untimely birth. c_ ,sevev,~r, able, apt or trite. My whole is hardo-ths feact L1 state, So l.d you cannot penetrate: .· · ' . " " :." -: · t : " :" "'-' '" '
POLYPHONE. - (& word which has different sounds, and bears a different meaning with each change of pronuneiationJ 19.-Ye cunning riddlers, flrsp these verses through, And, having next, condemn the wretched stuff; For, to each critic's eye, grey, brown, or blue,' This effort will appear quite poor enough. Oft well-directed effort meets success, : But weekly for success I vainly strive, And, though devoid of rythmical address, I come, and come, to keep the muse alive. Our worthy queen right deftly wields the quill, Cuts, guards, and thrusts like armoured knight of old, Until we wonder whence this ease and skill, And envy Birkenhead its wealth untold. .OaON. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-While staying at a country town, Not very long ago, I thought I'd like to have a ride Upon the horse, " old Joe." So on his noble back I got, With marvellous sang froid, My cousin laughing all his first, Which made me much annoyed. I'd scarce got on, when off he went At a most awful pace; I thought that he would never stop, And felt quite out of place. But all at once he stood quite still, Most viciously inclined; And as I went next o'er his head, No pleasure could I find. F. J. HODGEs, Greenwich. 21.-Kind friends, I will now make a few observations Regarding the differently.used exclamations Which we hear in this kingdom and various nations. Dear me I My first illustration will be the grand mash-aw, Who lazily lolls as he twirls his monstache.aw, And tries, oh, first hard, for next out a big dash-aw, By Jowve i Next to him comes the canny and long-headed Scot, Who earnestly stares when surprised he has got; And what are his words which down I third jot? Ma conscience I The clannish old Manxman I'll take for my third; And though this assertion may seem quite absurd, All over the island this shout may be heard- Hi, Kelly ! And now comes the rollicking, gay Irish boy, Whose wit and repartee I always enjoy, Who exclaims, when distress his gay life does alloy, Howly murther I We now last to Wales, and immediately quiz Poor Taffy, with blank and expressionless phiz; And when he's surprised, his remark surely is, Goot gootness I America now our attention does claim, And I'm confident we're undeserving of blame For using Sam Slick's word (and also his name)- Tarnation I My next scene is Deutchland, and here we all gaze At Dutchy, with long pipe (a change from our clays), Who breathes forth these words, in deep tones of amaze, Ach Himmel l To the city of Paris we now make our way; Within its gay walls we enjoy our short stay; But what is the word which we hear Frenchmen say P Parbleu I We finish our travels in classical Rome, The city of palace, of church, and of dome And what third we hear, just before we last home ? Santa Maria1, S. FPasxLIaN AND G. H. PInaI. 22.-In the first of the slaver fourhundred poor wretches Were huddled together, like sheep in a pen, At the nearest seaport for next to be bartered, To be third like cattle to ruffianly men. But a fourth British vessel appeared in the distance, And gained on the slaver hand over hand, Till at last they were level; and then the slave captain Determined to stay and make a last stand. But the shots of the cruiser soon fifth on the slavers, Who hauled down their flag with scowls fierce and black. From five hundred throats a cheer then ascended, " Hurrah and hurrah for the old Union Jack I" R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn.