RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ADDITION.
1.-Mrs. Green, of Camden Town, If I die an early death, The mournful shade of Peter Brown Shall haunt you till your latest breath Have I injured No. Three, That he nightly makes this din P Oh. it's slowly killing me, That confounded cracked violin Why, when I am going to bed, Does that villain, Pecksniff Jones, Start his nigger tricks o'erhead, Playing on those wretched bones ? Why the deuce does No. Four Wake me at the dead of night, By his yelling at the door, "Am I sure that I'm all right?" Whether I'm all right or wrong, Does it signify to him ? If I asked him for a song When the firsts are growing dim, I could understand why he Through the keyhole warbled airs; But I don't, and, Mrs. G., Let him mind his own affairs. If last night I came home late, Was it any reason why Biggins on the nexts should wait, Just to smite me in the ey- ? Thought I was a burglar-eh ? No, mum ; that won't do for me, And it's slanderous to say What I'd drunk was more than tea ! Oh, my senses I shall lose I Look I Jehosaphat I look there I Treacle in my Sunday shoes! This is more than I can bear. Mrs. Green, of Camden Town, I at last the words must speak, Kindly note that Peter Brown Leaves this house on Monday week. F. R. COULsov. METAGRAM. 2.-Chubby, tender mass of pink; Azure eyes that brightly blink, Nose up-tilted-not too high- Pointing to the cloudy sky ; Lips that rival cherry's hue, Laden with the sweetest dew (Often have I kissed them, too, Stea'ing; sometimes, not a few) i Pearly teeth repose within- Teeth so tiny, sharp, and thin; Purely. sweetly full of grace Is first baby sister's face. Glossy ringlets form its crown, Pretty curls of richest brown, Curling round each pink-hued shell- Shells w..eroin all sweet sounds dwell; Roses bloom upon each clheik, Nestling to the face so sleek; Sweeter picture I ne'er saw, Painter could no sweeter draw. Pictures so divinely grand Only come from Natu e's hand. As ! I la-t I ne'er can tace All its be uty-baby's face. BARNETT DE BEAR. DECAPITATION. 3.-'Tis no use my trying in elega At verse To show forth my meaning in sentences terse; For as sure as I manage to write a line neatly, Then in pops the rhyme, and I'm bothered completely. Now, no one, I'm sure, a more graceful line, Full of spirit artistic, than this can combine: " The moon had arisen in splendour." What rhyme, O unfortunate Musa, with splendour can chime ? I certainly could have just dotted down " Lend her," As rhyming correctly and smoothly with splendour; But, pray, what on earth to the moon shall I lend, Although I am ever so generous a friend ? Again, I had written " The scene was delightful." Now, I can't very well rhyme " delightful" with " frightful." O Musa, thy servant with patience inspire, And fill his poor brain with a poet's bright fire I For if, as it's happened to me many times, To nearly go mad while constructing my rhymes, I'll for ever eschew writing verses, where madness Walks ever in first with rhymes, riddles, next sadness. AGRIPPA. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 4.-How sweet it is in primals' reign To roam the woods among, And listen to the birds again Trill forth their blithesome song I Cross Words. My first means lively, brisk, or gay; My next will show a tree; Au animal third will display; While fourth a fruit must be. A title of nobility For fifth you must write down; A colour sixth and last will be, But neither white nor brown. M. F. GEnAN, Fermoy. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 5.-My primals will bring a girl's name to you ; And also in finals the same you will view. Cross Words. A shout of joy or great surprise, With that my first you will surmise. My next a continent will show- 'Tis in the Old World, you must know. My third is summed up in a clause- 'Tis one who advocates new laws. In fourth a part of speech you'll see, And that sufficient clue will be. My fifth's a fleet that sailed from Spain; But, vanquished, soon returned again. A Hebrew word oft used in praise Will bring my last before your gaze. H. R. PRESTON, Kennington. OMEGRAM. 6.-Oh, that a first I could but write Is all the next I crave, One that would bring my name to light, To live beyond the grave. For you must know that I would be- But what I must not tell. Or quickly you'd my puzzle see, And this would not be well. Now, if this con. you cannot guess (Its answer show, I mean), When you once more Young Folks possess You'll find 'twill there be see . E. C. TUenRIDGE. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 7.-Hi ! Binstead and Kitchner, Coulson and Price, Look here, you are not playing fair With me, a small boy, who is striving so hard A place in the " Tourney " to share. If thus every week your dread names appear, And show to the lists such adherence; How do you expect that a youngster like me Would dare to put in an appearance ? C. B. BAnoaBoUGH, Byker. ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 8.-Merrily murmuring goes the brook, A t times near lost in some shady nook; R ippling along as with utmost glee I t hastens away to the mighty sea; O 'er pebbles worn smooth by its constant flow, Neath the rustic bridge do its waters go. T he forget-me-not and the violet sweet A re first by its banks in their cool retreat. Y early as swoll'n with the winter's snows L oud doth it next as it swiftly flows, O 'erflowing its banks, as with foam and spray, B umbling with fury it takes its way. D. G. HOLMES.
CHARADE. 9.-When first at cons. my hand I tried- A task you'll own stupendous- I asked myself first, second, third For effort so tremendous P But when those conse. accepted were (I'm sure with me you'll vote, all). The Editor's a man of eows, A Ld also very total. J. A. G. MAasar.a, ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 10.--If immersed in fear and doubt, Persevere and do your best; Brighter days are yet to come- Time will be the surest test. For possessed of life there's hope, Guiding us our path to steer; 'Gainst adversity be proof, Only bravely persevere. Cross Words. A Turkish title, 'tis averred, And it of late you may have heard. If this be good I'll take a pattern by it; If not, no power on earth would make mue try It. How sweet 'tis to man When his labour is o'er I 'Tis welcomed by all, Be they wealthy or poor. 'Tis unfurled in every city, 'Tis unfurled o'er every sea, And 'twill ever carry with it Honour and prosperity. We all are liable to this, I know, And, therefore, to conclusion, pray, be slow. May British valour never die; Outrageous, bold, it will imply. A shepherd who for rudeness, it appears, Was once condemned to sleep for thirty years. If you are good at these, I would engage That you are nut a stranger To this page. Yourself I I think not; 'Twould be strange, indeed, To see you grazing there In yonder mead. G. GuarNT, Petersham. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 11.-The morn is quickly stealing From out the clouds of night, The sun's bright rays we're feeling- See, now he peeps in sight. The birds the call obey, And from their roosts descend At the first dawn of day, And in the chorus blend. The mercy lark, we see him rise, Warbling :is happy lay, Chanting his anthems in the skies, To greet returning day. The fragrant flowers fresh odour lend, The dewdrops sparkle brigh r, And all the springs of nature blend To view the glorious sight. The theme of song and story, The magic wand of day Now reigns iu golden glory, Now holds his welcome sway. But when the shades of eve prevail, To give the earth repose, The feathered songsters homeward sail, And fowers their petals close. Hoaacs W., Brighton METAGRAM. 12.-While we were in the ivied belfry tarrying, A first dashed out the light which I was carrying. That next has really managed, sis, to tear my coat, And till it's mended I can't really wear my coat. It puzzles me to think how he can stow away So much good food. I fear he'll have to go away. Poor little lad I While going on his tour, he Fell into a large next placed in the brewery. I hope, my friends, you will not think I silly am, When I tell you that this name is not William. I'm very often taken up and beat. Upon The floor you see me, placed to wipe 3 our feet upon. In country towns they often make a cake of me, And very many people there partake of me. I'm made of felt, and beaver, and of lace as well; And every day you live you see me grace a " swell." Wmr. D. PicKiEaINo. Walworth DECAPITATION. 13.-Merrily chattering, noisily clattering, Flock the gay children from out of the school; Romping and running, and shouting and funning, First to escape from restraint and from rule. Snowballs are flying, and all are now trying To outvie each other in pelting them fast; Now some take to sliding-so gracefully gliding Adown the long slide they go rapidly past. There, one next goes tumbling, and up he gets grumbling, But the same moment's off, just as merry as ever. Then they give a first oy, as their homes they espy, And to gain the parental consent they endeavour To join a wee party, all healthy and hearty, Who are going to skate on the big frozen lake. These urchins so gay of course have their own way. And carrying with them some biscuits or cake, Away they go frolicking, boisterously rollicking, And soon the great sheet of firm water is gained. Hurrah I Now for fun, with a skip and a ran They are merrily skating, while the younger are trained, By the big girls and boys, to glide without noise O'er the smooth plain of ice, which they greatly enjoy. After spending a jolly day, such a rare holiday, The verdict's pronounced by each girl and each boy, As they, glowing with pleasure, walk home at their leisure : " We've spent the most charming and beautiful day That we've had all this season. And now, for this reason, Our school tasks we'lllearn with fresh vigour," they say. Asty BOEsxEB, Shorncliffe. ROTATION CHANGE. 14.-A tree is first, and also what we do When we have done an action which we rue. WVhere precious stones and minerals are found Along with other things beneath the ground. This is a portion of a gallant horse. The answer? You have guessed it now, of course. An animal you'll find, by all well known, Is fourth, when you the answer here have shown. A line or spot, and also Christian name. A man owned this who now has gained great fame. A Mousau-o KNatnir. CONUNDRUM. 15.-It was in the bad old days, Which somei poets like to praise, When the mighty Baron Crushem proved in many divers ways His supremity and might; For retiring over night, After massacreing dozens he'd begin again at light. It was in the early mo:n. When a varlet wound the horn, That an echo floated round, and was upon the breezti borne. "Ha I hal ho l" the baron squeaks, "Varlets, guess, or dread my freaks, Why that echo's like a good invention." (Answer is next week's)a r, )outha