I BIILDL1TOURNAMENT. NARATIVE ?AET GA&GRAS. BgtIrst letter of In thrd toi rm anotho r word, expressed
,, 8ra- trap-toa el" sound the bugles again, -the lists ate encumbered with dying and slain; s foth from the ml~S; each knight stand alone, t to ueen marion's speech from her throne. ' forth the bravest, the foremost in fight, bave prored the most worthy to be dubbed aknight. t the a known, I will utter their name, o have fought side by side in the "Tourney" for luGosely the witty, Foonoolican true, ,orothy, Toss, I'm indebted to you, for H. Taylor the worthiest knight as waged with Sir Juan this terrible fight. s5t on my list is brave Philo, the Scot, , Sir Lincoln flume I will knight on the spot. s word for Lucceius, the mighty, the strong, der of Taylor through right and through wrong; thanks t this knight and a vouch of regard. heprove in the future an eloquent bard. uSir V. Taylor, the firm and the bold, ,t may my knights with affection behold. Collier, Bernard de Bear, from the list nbly the stoutest of foemen res st; en rushed to the rescue Sir Juan the knight, e arm once uplifted put cravens to flight. k you and knight you for aiding the fame warriors grim, and defending their name; knights that have thrust the proud Mercian down, vprented him ever from gaining the crown. for Miss Watson, my fair Joan D'Arc, ase courage in combat was cause for remark; ceforth Lady Watson this title shall wear: queen of the Amazons, bravest and fair, nqothing will flinch from to do or to dare." JUAN. 2.--Winter, I know thee not, Thy form and look forgot Have been since thou hast left us for so long; Thy breath, thy touch have been Part of another scene, Which passed before the summer came in song. But all the summer joy Thy harshness will destroy, Will break the bond that binds us to the past; Say, will it not be so P The breath which thou dost blow Shill form a storming, cutting, furious blast. And if all this should come To make us sad and numb, Perhaps thou wilt bring pleasure for alloy; 'Tis but what thou shouldst do, For thy days are not few, And all the time thy harshness shall annoys In summer-time we strayed In glen, in heat, in glade, And in the winter we may try it too; We stray in glen and cold- If pleasure makes us bold, We can acquaintanceship with things renew. But thou wilt ride on high Thy chariot in the sky, And send us down thy messages in rain; In hail, in snow, in sleet, These things for thee are meet, And doth thy advent bring us not a gain. A gain I again I say The things thou mayst convey Ihave no notion of, till thou dost come; For though the saying goes That earth sweet summer knows, Some say she came; and " She did not !" say some. So, if thou then canst bring Not summer on thy wing, But winter tempered by what summer lost, Winter shall welcome be, And all the earth agree The season's fine that's mixed with heat and frost. IVANHOE, Belfast. 3.-I've noticed with great pleasure, Whilst reading at my leisure, A riddling page that's well known as the "T." I wish to join the sages Who adorn these sprightly pages, And I hope a welcome you will give to me. LILIAN ASHLEIGH, London. METAGRAM. ii'hca the first letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-Now, kindly give attention, while Some questions I do ask; To find the answers first not be A very easy task. If it takes a cat half an hour To catch and next a mouse, How many hundred tons of bricks Will build a handsome house ? And if five-and.twenty shillings A bag of flour can buy, How many pounds of horseflesh Will make a mutton pie P If it takes a soldier half-a-day To learn to stand at ease, In what time would the G.O.MI. Cut down a dozen trees P J. BIP.RELL, Belfast. NARRATIVE OURTAILMENT. tho final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) -Somepeople I've ever regarded with wonder, cear their remarks every day with surprise; will sagely remark, " We are going to have thun. der .i" if Ipossessed neither sense, ears, nor eyes. " It is cold," they will say, Or " It's going to rain," " It's a very fuine day "- 'Tis the same old refrain I travelled o'er mountains, I've travelled through heather, re travelled by sea in December and May; travelled in sunshine and cold, frosty weather, still it is always the same thing they say : "It is awfully hot," Or " It's going to rain," "It has snowed quite a lot "- 'Tis the same old refrain I =or wenb for a walk in the gloaming, Sthen paused to gaze at the silvery moon, e friend would remark as I homeward was roaming, I'5 very fine now, but the rain will come soon," "'Tis a I eautiful night," Or " It's going to rain," "See, the stars Are so bright i"- 'Tin the same old refrain 1 MnAY ii. MILLER, Glasgow. - BURIED PROVERB. " was faint when I lay by the roadside, SAnd my heart it was neating quite fast, .out Inever felt drowsy or sleepy Until Ihad won my repast. I nA u' , t- winds they were creaky, C, F. BLACaU5RN.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS,. (Ohange the first two letters of a w rd to form another word, ex. pressed Iu the narrati,'.) 7.-The moon glowered bright in the weird, waning day, And the stars were astir in the heavens blue and grey, As gauntly, and grimly, an'd lanky, and w;l.1, There strode, stern and stifled, a sorrowful child, To the willows-the weeping willows ! A sorrowing child, though in years quite a man, His hair trailing long o'er worn features and wan, His coat tightly buttoned, his hat firmly placed; Oh, this was the ghoul that in agony paced 'Neath the willows-the weeping willows! He strode to and fro with a brow frowning dread, Warm tears streaming fast from the eyes in his head, And often his scowl, or his growl, and his groan Were echoed in accent, in movement and tone, By a sound of the same, a pitying moan From the willows-the weeping willows I Unpitied. unheeded, uncared-for, unwept, Night, eve after eve, to the willows he crept; Sweet solace sought he in his vigils of woe, Poor pilgrim of policirs held in fate's throe; Sad son of the mirthless and smileless in life, How could he control his weak bosom's high strife 'Neath the willows-the wcepinvg willows? Our brav'ry's not bounteous, nor cowardice such, Of one having little, of t'other " too much;" So, gatu'ring the shreds of our gholt-shat tered pluck, We softly accosted the strange, ragged ruck 'Neath the willows-the weeping willows ! "Oh, weeper !" we wailed, "wilt thy trouble unfold? If right, we will soothe thee; if wrong, we won't scold; For pity is plentiful, sympathy sure, To all who so deeply a sorrow endure! Thy cheek it is wet, and thy face it is white- Oh, tell us why paceth thou through the drear night 'Neath the willows-the weeping willows I" The martyr stared blankly at sound of our tones, Harsh gnashing his grinders, and jingling his bones; A grin diabolic disfigured his face, He smart smacked his lips-oh, cadaverous grace!- Then, sighing and yawning, he gurgled, " By Dickens! The sight of ye mortals this 'immortal' sickens. I'm aimless, because I am hopeless ' in breath;' I'm faithless, because I am trustless in death; I'm restless and reckless, I'm foolish, I'm wise; Hairs on my pate oft in misery rise. I lost all my treasures, my dreams ne'er came true ! My wisdom was higher than any I knew; Therefore I must hopelessly pity my fellows, And haunt these lone woodlands, while ye, on your pillows, Dream not of poor Wilyum, the weeper 'neath willows, 'Neath the willers-the weepin' willers 1" We trembled from fright as we gently replied, " Hast met with misfortune so great ? -nay, 'tis pride. Not William the weeper is he whom we meet; Thou art the rich floweret, named ' William the sweet,' 'Neath the willows-the beautiful willows?" "Ah, ah !" fumed the ironic spectre. "Avaunt ! Thy satire is brutal, and bitter thy taunt; There's vanity sheer in thy qonfident tones, And ignorance marreth thy mannerless bones. Begone! Quit my gazel Leave alone to his ' ilums' Poor Wilyum the weeper, or I, by the " bums' ! Will drown ye with teardrops, whose dull, he ivy thud Shall stretch ye both prostrate and prone in their mud!" In terror we fled from the scene of our fears, But, borne on the breeze, came the wail to our ears: "Away ! violate not my soul.walking sleep; Leave Wilyum the screecher, the weeper, to weep 'Neath the willows-the wild-weeping willows !" The dismal old cloudland had sped o'er the blue, And fleetly the tears from their huge features flew: Our willows i the willows that cover the earth, And mankind the haunter in sorrow and mirth; There pace the world's creatures, to comfort whose fears The willow-like cloudlands are shedding their tears: But the beams of sweet sunshine shed joyance on all, Where cloud-eyes do weep, and where weeping leaves fall 'Neath human and nature's green willows. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 8.-Noble Msercian, as a comrade I can sympathize with you, For you've proved beyond all doubt that still your inmost heart is true; You were wrong in your rebellion, but, as should a gallant knight, You have openly confessed it, and have not prolonged the fight. Your attempt was quite Quixotic, very thoughtless, too, and rash, And your scheme of deposition ends in something like a crash; For no " Tourney" knight would join you, nor beneath your banner stand, Proving faith in our fair sovereign, to the honour of the band. Now you hesitate in doubt, sir, whether to renounce your scheme Or defy the " Tourney" warriors, and support an idle dream; So pray take a friendly warning, acting wisely and in time, Bend your knee before our Marion as the queen of riddling rhyme. Do not fear the knights will twit you, for they'll all become your friends When they find that your rebellion in a proper manner ends; Surely, as you are a soldier you'll not fear a mocking smile, But will dlraw your sword for Marion, fighting bravely all the while. HERCULES. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 9.-- Says I to that fellow M'Goosely- M'Goosely, you know, is my friend- "Look here, ye old doddard rumfoosely, Ye worm-eaten hornet, attend; Sure, it's you that knows how to inveigle, Ye bald-headed aigle I" Then up rose the stalwart lh'Goosely, And says, very solemn, " Whatch up ?" And then sitting down again loosely, nmiles feebly, and murmurs, " Hicceap;" And to make himself quite comprehensible, Snorts twice, and rolls over insensible I I smile, through no wish of offending, But a smile that is painful and shook-ed; And to make sure he isn't pretending, Kick him twice, and then feel in his pocket- Not to steal, or to rob him while snoozing, But to see that he's nothing worth losing. And then, when I've turned out the lining, And got all the tin to be found, And am just his silk necktio untwining When he knocks me down flop on the ground. And then-the ole wretch-" holy proscot!"- Sits down hard on the top of me vestcot. But there, I'll not tell you the finish, 'Cause why P 'cause I won't-'twas too rough; But as soon as those bruises diminish On my-well, never mind. that's enough. 1lave only to think of lNigoosely And my knees ratt¶e tbosily I FooNoPfirOca.
NARRATIVE OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word In the narrabtive.) 10.-For long ages 'neath the ruins of Tintagel's ancient wall Lay Ling Arthur and his champions buried in a maeic thrall, For the Fates had cast upon them deepest sleep until the time When their swords should be most needed in their country's cause sublime. But at last the spell was broken by a stranger stern and bold, Clad inloug-forgotten armour like a Grecian knight of old; For he came and roused the heroes, speaking words of living fire, Stirring up the warrior spirit like great Taliessin's lyre. Said the stranger, " I have armed me to support the cause of Wales; But, alone and unsupported, none can brave the ' Tour. ney' gales. Therefore, Arthur, send a champion to draw weapon by my side, Then no dread shall Hercules have in the 'Tourney' battle tide." Answered Arthur, " Gallant hero, your request shall granted be, And a warrior shall support you, known in British chivalry; Lionel the Brave shall join you, champion of the Table Round, Nor amongst a kingdom's warriors could a better knight be round." So, with all the cheerful wishes of his comrades of the sword, Sir Lionel put on his armour, gave the king his plighted word That for gallant ancient Cambria would he ever bravely fight, Never turn away from foemen, but for aye maintain the right. So welcome here, ye "Tourney " warriors, one of Gwa. lia's strongest knights, Who will bravely do his duty in the "Tourney's" sternest fights. To help great Hercules in battle, here he comes; and who'll withstand What was once the brightest broadsword in King Arthur's hero band P SIt LIONEL. Ul.-Joe went to Jim with a chuckle and said, "Do you twig?" Jim stared with astonishment, scratched at his head, Or his wig; But regaining coolness, he said in surprise, " D'ye think I'm a witch or a wizard? My eyes I low come, my good comrade, do tell me the size Of the twig !" "All right, my good friend, I will tell you, but first Have a swig I" Jim murmured, "Dear boy, I am going to burst 'Neath my wig. Now I want you to tell if it's slang that you talk, Or some foreign language you're trying to mock. Are they sweetmeats or not ? Do tell me, Joe Block, What is' swig.' " "Oh, Jimmy, my boy, 'tis a word never used By a prig, Though the language is often by him much abused. Do you twig ? They'd think it beneath them to speak in that way, Though the true rules of grammar they often bewray, And for proper speaking they care, as we say, Not a fig. " I tell you the meaning of that mystic sound, 'Do you twig ?' It just means to know; so now, as you're bound, Dance a jig." Jemmy danced at the moment, and thought it a treat, Till a policeman appeared from out a side street, And made Jimmy squeal in a manner complete, Like a pig, Rl'BASHER AND O'RAHAnRTY. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 12.-Upon a sunny summer day, First lovely to be seen, Two pretty maidens walked across Tue fields and meadows green. "Come, let us gather second, Jane," Said Mary of the mill; " Oh, no," said Jane, "a rose I'll seek To give to sweetheart Will." MAGGIE CONQUER. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 13.-To the writers of this kolumn, young and old and gay and solemn, I announce my presence to you with no shrinking or alarm ; I'm a witty man and klever, and you'll find that I am never Anything but staid, and thoughtful, quiet, kollected, kool, and kalm. Though I am a new beginner, you will find in me a winner Of great praises from that maiden, Marion, our beloved queen; She will find I am a wonder who could not kommit a blunder, On whose face the light of wisdom quite distinctly kan be seen ! V. D. T. and H. A. ditto, do not fall into a fit O When I say my verses equal anything that you have done; Ivanhoe and Alice Mervyn, praises soon you'd be deservin' If you wrote a perfect rhythm like my father's only son. Hey, Black Prince, I want attention-perhaps you think you're worth some mention, But you must admit you're beaten when you read this krn. of mine; A. St. Ritch and Master Jo-King, my opinions I'm not kloaking, Your effusions are enough to make the pensive poet pine! Other scrawlers I kould write on, but I've said enough to fight on, If you think my open statements are unfounded and untrue; But I kandidly assure you I kould very quickly kure you, If such notions, in your judgment, filled a vacuum and grew. Rhymes and subjects I have many, and they are the best of any That are written by the riddlers who are famous through this page; One there is who writes like this "kuss," furthermore I will not dis-kuss- Nellie Watson, youe are equal to this mighty riddling sage! PmHILANDE MUeGn, I. O. W. CHARADE. (Formed one word each syllable of which is a word.) 14.-With this first I fain would try To pose each cunning bard, But seeing that I Jack the neat, I find it rather hard; Whole is a faculty in man That I would have you find; It checks each evil thought that he Conceives oft in his mind R. WaTr, Glasgow. CONUNDRUM. 15.-One who may marry a wife, Yet still be single all his Ife. C. E. BAscir, London.
NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENTS, (Drop the first and l'eat letters fr,,m a ord, leaving another word ex revss d in the narratli e. 16.-Dear boy, a (A.) saint (St.) you are (A. R.) no doubt, And rich (Ritch) in legends funny; Your money-bag I know is " stout," And so you're rich (Ititch) in money. And therefore you are (A. R.) rich (Rlitolh) in name, And rich (,itch) in coin, "me h,- ,n;" So, dearest (StJ, to fulfil " me drame, Oohi let me share yer money." * * * a You're welcome to it all, my boy, You'll have it soon, I trust; For if you get it, don't you see, I must have had it " fust." What if I am a saint (St.) in name What if my name means cash ? If you're not rich (Ritch), you are a saint (St.) Without old Midas' trash. 'Tis just a way the world has got Of loving a good dinner; And for his " fleeshpots," much I fear, It pardons many a sinner. K. M. S. O'NEILL AND A. R. ST. RITCIr. 17.-Lost, strayed, or stolen I Five shillings reward ! A little black dog, which is led by a cord; Replies with a bark to the title of " Lord;" Was always seen prowling around a small fjord; Has a back which is stiff and as hard as a b,, ird; When last seen was trying a boy's leg to bite ; Has very small ears, and is shady of sight. It must have been lost by the day-or the night; Was a very keen pup, and his intellect bright, Though he did have a partial loving for fight. Round his neck (with his name) was a little brass Iaud, That did not make a noise like the grinding of sa:nd; Has a liking for licking a gentleman's hund- Especially holding a biscuit; is bland; Does not like the sea, but is fond of the land. However, five shillings art given quite free To any one bringing this puppy to me; I you are not blind, y,,u are sure him to see- Ha now I remember I he's here on my kneel What an awful bad memory I have got, sure.lee! S. DE BixAR. 18.-'Tis whispered on the mountain high, 'Tis whispered on the shore, 'Tis whispered where the shadows lie Beside the cottage door. 'Tis whispered when the lowing trains Have reached th , pasture bars, 'Tis whispered in the scented land Beneath the silent stars. When night descends on grove and glade, . nd flowers are gemmed with dew, 'Tis whispered in the orchard's shade And on verandahs, too. Full often at the garden gate, Where lovers bill apnd coo, 'Tis whispered when the hour is late, And when 'tis early, too. 'Tis whispered on the flowery last, Where wanton breezes pla), The simple sentence, " Charley, fiir Do take your arm away I" A, Srel. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words. Fovundation Words. 19.-Primals was the dwelling-place of a Cumbrian bard Who of Britain's poets foremost is to-day, Amongst the lakeland scenery which foudly wc rega.rd, Though he woo sang so sweetly passed awarj. Cross Words. Sweetest of Nature's lovely flowers, Which blossom in the summer hours. A colour politicians choose, Which is not honoured much by Blues. To be this none of us would care, Though many are so, here and ttere. A kind of riddle, oft the rage, Within the " Tourney's" hbonoured page. To Marion, so meek and good. This be each faithful riddler should. This I am not, though many say I will be at an early day. This is a riddle some admire Who form the galant " Tourney" choir. This I am now the waving trees, Musing, and writing as I please. Next, I am very glad do say, I'm near the end of this poor lay. Last is in Young Folks always found, In which glad songs of mirth abound. WILD BRIEAR, Lamplugh. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 20.-My first is in every port, For my second a Spaniard you'll see; My third's an Italian master of thought, My jourth light hardware will be. Fifth is the name when you're punching a hole, Sixth is a moralist, scientist, too; Eighth is obedience, body and soul, Ninth comes but once in four years, it is true. Tenth is in grammar, 'tie food or 'tis liquor, Eleventh's a house set apart for a vicar; Tweljth is what comes with a joke; and I guess You will all know my last, for you have it in " yes." This riddle, if propounded right, and read across and through, An ancient sea will bring to light, well known to all of you. ROBERT LE DIABLE. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 21,-Bold primal may be an artful card, In that line may outshine all; But he can't hoodwink this cunning bard, Who knows him well as jinal. ROBERTo, London.