RIDDLE TOURNAIMENlT. fl A P A I11
(Formed on a word cacti syhable of which is a word.) 1.-In a little lattic, d room, Burned a lantern dimly, Casting shadows through the glcom, Fliikering so grimly. In that lattice near the skies S -t a total's 'laughter, Gazing out with tearful eyes O'er the foaming water. From the harbour bar that morn Sailed a vessel proudly; Nw her sails the winds have torn, Howls the teoupest loudly. Bravely each next takeo his .taud, Hearts are torn with sorrow, Knowiug neither fist nor laud Will they see the morrow. B:arus the lantern still on high Wiene the morn is peeping, And the maid. with tearful eye, Weary wat,.h is keeping. Calmer has the tempest grown- Of the vessel spoken, In its p ace there now is shown Mass of timber broken. Eventide came round again, Stars shed forth their glimmer, From the little window.pa:ue Shone tie light, but diuumer. Then the good folks, in surlpri-e, Milssed the maid and sunught her- Found her dead-her glasoy eyes Gazing o'er ihe water. MAtiON TAYLOI, Birkenhead. MIETAG RAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 2.-A noble friend of man, in truth ; Though roiuh, and oftentnimes uncOOth, ]Beneauth that shaggy jacket lies A hears that sharles our UjieriCs, That fedso our pleasure and our woe With instinct deeper than we know. Presiding genius of our town, That knows no law to put it down. We walks along, in nameless throes, With shiverieg frame and reddened nose, Anath'matiziug, looking back, Every smoking chimney-stack. Uupleasant, rather, I should say, If, passing on my homuward wa'y, The ground should lose its 'custtoned strength, And giving way, put me at lenth Where I should curse my fateful id orn, And think I'd found just halt my tomb. Not a very lovely creature; Ev'ry lima and ev'ry feature Proclaims my liuntage atul descent, And shows that Mother Nature muont My lot to be, if accidenta:l, Useful, but not ornuasmental. Here are shown, in white auol black, Events ul on the or an track - Drunken rouws, and ot her th ings To which the jolly tar still clings; Anil all the deeils, in ntemor.unda, Of those who steered the ship and matnnod her. A. 11. SCALES. 3.-Through the land of Britain, Harassed, wasted, Stlottin, Towns and cities burnt and firsted by the Roman foe, lrave men are cllected W here the camiiip's erected, Prepared to face the soldiers who have caused their race such woe. Iunting, next, and labour Are left, when drum and tabour Summon to the council lihaatdevoted little baud; But no fighting's needcd, For they have succeeded In planning a defence t' outwit the foemen of their land. From the thirds of Mona, Soon as day had flown, a Troop of British wmuSen sped along the moonlit shore, With their fair hair streaming In the wind, whilst gleaiuing Torches waved, and showed the white and flowing robes they wore. O'er the waters gliding, Towards fair Mona riding, The soldiers of Paulinus camne, attired in Ivarrieor guise. But what a cry was uttered ! And how those stern hearts tlutlt,,red! On seeing such a mystic scene before their sionu rise. White-robed, sylph-like creatures, With heau te ous torts and feat or, s, Chanting songs, and dancing in the mooulight's silver sheen, Whilst the never-ending Song of ocean, tlending With their voices, lent a solemn weirdness to the scene. Filled with fearful wonder, The sohliers broke in sunder All ties of trust and discipline, and turned in haste to flee; But earnestly addressed them Paulinus, and impressed theml With words of hope and courage as he led to victory. Confident, they landed Where their foes were handed, Their superstitions fear and awe entirely chased away. Ere the day's completed The Britous are defeated. Their ruse has failed, and they are forced to own the Roman sway. ABY BOESHMERt, Shornelilts. BETAGRAM. (Change the second ,etter of a word to form another word.) 4.-'Twas a gloomy old house, on a large, barren space, Frequented by jackldaw and owl ; And a weirdn ss seemed erer to reign o'er the place, The haunt of ghost, goblin, and ghoul. Old traditions spoke forth of a " lady in white," The bride of a villanous lord, Who still haunted the place at the dead of the night, And plaintive bewailiugs outpoured. And her tale told of grief, of a primal quick planned, A sudden departure at night; Of her terrible last when o'erta'en by a band, And taken to death ore the light. PaILO. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostio. The letters of cross w rds that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 5.-The answer to this simple rhyme Is really so extremely plain, I fear I do but waste my time, And vex my weary head in vain. How to give a description I cannot devise; But the answer is here, right in front of your eyes. Gross Word.. 1,051 and eaba Loving and kind; 150 ,, skrees Hasty and bhlnd; 51 ,, anynstt No time to spare; 661 ,, outore FeaIful to bear; 6010 ,, aehhea Can't go too soon; 2,001 ,, ay Twelve o'clock, noon; 101 ,, thros Swallowed a nail ; 150 ,, sara Caught, without fail; 56 ,, treesang Nevercan die; 1,502 ,, thng 'Tis this. So, good-bye. BArxBONES. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in succession to form other words.) 6.-First is a colour known to you, It isn't white, it isn't blue. Now for my second please to write A place of rest, used most at night. Now for my third you please will tell Reverse of what is good or well. An animal you now will see, And yet the schoolboy uses me. J. C. COLLIEa.
DECAPITATION. (Dr)p the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.-It was not night-the darkest night That ever veiled unholy ground, But hung like ancient Egypt's frieht, WVhen Psyche lay in fetters houuln. I dared not move, lest I should wake A siuge footstep's unsweriing fail; I d <red not speak, lest I sl on d break The spell that worked the spirits' thrall. A spring from some adjacent den Sen clamours through the vaulted space, That doubly steeped the gloom, as when The pall is decked with creamy lacy; I loved the sound when Phoebus shed A flood upon its dancing rain, But now i, first augmented dread, And seemed to cleave my heart in twain. When thoughts of life would faiu destroy My deadly fear's unceasing flow, And I could weep at former joy, And I could smile at former woe, The demon of that gelid lpt iing Flung icy lances at my soul, And seemed to last that not a thine Should ever with my grief coud.,le. L mng ages passed-I knew not time B it by the growth of beard and hair- Wheu, shot from some myst'erous rime, A sparkle broadened to a glare; I only saw an open door, A cloud of fluttering garments play, A face that Heaven's brightuen s Ibre, Ere my stra.ned vision burst away. I dwell in utter darkness still, B3 t o'er mny soul a radiant sun Casts teams of love that burn autl thrill, And change to light the shadowv- dim; And laughter-ripples, sharp and clear As ever rang from silver be:l, Drive musetory from its ancient ear- The bubbles of the demon well. W. A. CuvPr., ACROSTIC. (A word, or wordi, formed of the initial letters of other wioris. Fotunldation lWord. 8.-Imperial sway Dotitian owns, Rome hails him as her chief ; Each neighoriung State 'neath conquest groans, The seven.hill'd city's fiet. For Roman pow'r and Roman spear Spread terror through the world ; H+r emperor's word is heard with tear, HIer standards ne'er are furl'd. Galgacuts, Caledonia's chief, A priuce of lineage high, See's comoe advance, and, filled with gris, Disdains to tamely fly ; Calling his chiefs and waririors brave, Till death he bids them light, Fritnm ruthless foes their haul to save, To keelp their 'scutcheon bright. At pritmals Roman cohorts gain A lierce and bloody day; Fair Caledonia's chiefs are slain, tHer mails for victory play. l3it vain the strife-the tcaral unmo For couituest home has won ; l'his dlily but gains fresh latuel'd fame, Fresh lustre to her sun. Cross ll'ords. A bird; a beast of massive foru ; A gallant admiral slain; It dares tlw wihl and l io cest sturm, The ,turgiug, heaving inn ; A fruit ; a sort of cratl ; a li:h; A number this; a bird ; A goat; ;n a acient hero this; A very tiny word. AGP.IP2Ad. MONO PHONE. (Words of different mieanilnlg, but the ente in sotunld.) 9.--Often I take an old volume of 1-0oun Flkls, and si' 'Neath the shade of a treo., Where the air with sweet melody's lilled, and the little birds flit About, happy and free. Thou I turn to the pages of i ld, and see there I1i auy writers whose visits, tlats! nlow are r:re. And first's one whose bright verses our riddle 1.. :0 formerly lit, Our dear friend, Nellie C. Though our "Tourney" contains many ladies whose puzzles of old We delighted to s..e, And we still have Miss Taylor the post. of a leader to hold, And Miss Amy B., Lottie VW., D. R. O'D., and some more Still remain anil contribute next ril.dline lore, But yet one is missing, her name-that need scarcely be told- 'Tis our dear Nellie C. There are many young people besides myself longing to hear Your sweet verses, and we Would delightedly welcome you back if ybu would buot appear Once again in our " T." So, dcar Nellie, come back ; 'tis the wish of us all. Oh, give heed to our earnestly uttered recall; Aed as you arain take your place with the folks gatlhered here, We'll rejoice, Nellie C. EVELINE C. GRAT. PALINDROME. (A word which read btackwards or forwards is still the same.) 10.-Its history is briefly this: A gentleman, one day, Into a lawyer's ollices did quickly tmakle his way. A conference between the two, which I will not relate, And then the gentleman had gone (likewise his " six and eight "). Forthwith the lawyer set to work, as they alone ktuoi how, And quickly did produce the thing whose history I now Am trying to relate. That done, the business soon was o'er, For which the lawyer had his due, and p'r'aps a trifle more. So years rolled by at rapid rate, and now the thing itself Lies buried with a hundred more upon a musty shelf. F. WtALLIS. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word 11.-A beverage my primal shows; And now the letters please transpose ; Place them aright, and you are bound To view a piece of meadow ground. CONUNDRUM. 12.-This con. is very simple, as you'll own, So answer me this query, and correctly: Why is the letter A just like the town Of Stafford P You can tell, I think, directly. J. A. DILset L.