RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. POLYPHONE.
1.-A knight, le.light in armour bright, Stood 'ne:ath the ipolplar's shade Tlhough dry his eye, a mournful sigh Escaped him as he bade Farewell ,o lher, the winsome maid, Whose firsts did sadly flow; For lie must away, ere the dawn of day, To tight his country's foe. Th., around around doth now abonnd With ineu whose lives have fled; T1 , war is o'er, and in his gore The gallant lkni ht lies dead. And now , ' in. mii her firsts doth shed, As she hext her raven hair, And look. o'..,r the plain amongst the slain, And !nl's iher lover there. A. ST. J. AUCOCr, ME: CAGF .T. 2.--Wh: t instrument n .d it cleve.r mr:al raise 1W' hich was iunr,' jly ilspiring, worthier praise, Than that vast silken globe which stars aloof- I irst, of uian's true bIravery a proof? See yonder, in tl-at broIaldetd grassy plain, Next strruhi z : to lreak her cords in vanlu. The thirds ,of e.tc.,r, bri- htcued faces round tlark well her l.:v:ng c:arcase, full and sound. "dark how across it, written there in 'id, "' The Frienl " gleams brightly, all iii letters bold! Fonrth pItcky aniiiuaut -pr;ugs in the ,ar, Anl upll sthe s!'s, a way to real ins afar Ont with the alla- ! pw.udil isI the way! Safety at:eud her, It rvn ur r we pray. If. C'. l'f i, Southwark. ANAGIIA3IS )N IlIDIDLERS. 1.-If you, as the capaini, will take to the drink, Whate'er w\ill become of your crew, Tom ? Think! Tihe mop is an old one, l.ut, uevertheless, 'Twill atswer ifor what is now wauted, I guess. "Print, John, or hang "' has an unpl,"asant sound, But, there! they dou't Iean such a thing, 1' lle bhound. " Will Susan ride, na ?'" the, little airl cries. " She will, if she's able," her mamnIua replies. Now, don't rail to May, nor get Tom in a pet; But just see how happy all of yon can get. M3y young lady's name, sirs, is-well, Carrie Pyrch. We're courting, but pa sa ys we shounl have the birch. The pain is so n'eat. (lid Fry has a cure Which is to ease it both speedy and sure. We found a few tired bands of imen in the street, All looking quite faint, wanting somethilng to eat. NoN UsNis Atolutt. ARITHIMOREM. 4.-Long has his rnain, ill our "' Tournament " merry Figured Iaem.atl his poetical skill; A riddler r,'tnos- ed, a staunch lbrother very- One who a lrave helping hand lends us still. Cross sl'od. 5 and eabr Gnllant and noble, Courageous and bhldl; 1 ,, tngo This is a wedge.; madlo Of silver or gol ; 5'1 ,, nenfo Nine times reple:tel- It. ought to bei known; 51 ,, ostayr Gloomy anu simnle, Retired aml alone; 50 ,, fenrut Musical, plcas;iln, Harmonious quite; i') ,, yactse Rapture vehement, Excessive delight; 700 ,, ora Harmony, union, Compact-do you see ? 1,551 ,, poa A privilege or A deed of dermee. 1'. WAnLls, Swindon. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 5.-Sit thee down and tell a story- Politics or anything; How the Lib'ral and the Tory Can tlheir leaders' praises sing. Or. if these are hiti'ful subjects. mchoose some otlhr-hclist or fay. It's all one to us, nly hearty ; Only tell us somet inug gay. Well, here goes: Omne winter evening, 'Tis so very long ago,, Two brave hunters went a.shooting, And-and-this is all I know. FLAw AND GsANT, LOGO14;I:IPIH. G.--One of the feat hered tribe My total. will desribe; Transtposed, if will prolaim I'art of the hnuinmn frame I)De:apitate, and you Will bring a tree to view: Curtailed, of brais 'tis :.a.ie, And useful foundi in tranl,; tleh:ead, and without doul.t, You'll never find nice out. Crnausos STAn. DECAPITATION. .--Very primal it was spoken, When the question once I popped, Btit she freezingly refused me; Then apon my knees I flopped. " Fairest being, ,eautenius maiden, i.ovelier thanu the next so slim, S- I, why will yon still refuse me ? See, my eyes are g'owing dim." l:int her heart was steeled anainst me, Anud my cry she wouldn't hear; So I camie away anl left her, But I never shed a tear. R. GuRar. CENTRAL DELETION. 8.-The tramp was tired and weary; He ionv'ed for food and rest. His countenance looked beery And dirty at the best. He laid down by the roadside, And soon was fast asleep, But Beadle B., the village pride, Soon up to him did creep. Said Beadle B. to that poor tramp, " Conme, first yourself, I say." With many a sigh and groan that tramp Next up and walked away. VL:To. OMEGRA31S. 9.-I once a maiden fair did know, As bieauteons as the morn. But, ah I my heart she's filled with woe, And left me all forlorn. She vowed to me that she'd be true, And said she'd never leave me. Oh. wickedl, wicked, cruel Sue, Iow could you e'er deceive me ! But mourning for her will first bring MIy Sne next back to me; So still her praises I will sing, Although so false is she. ROB TIE RASTER. 10.--It first a lovely summer night, The moon shoe bright with radiant light; I sat beneath a spreading tree, And felt so free, birimful of glee. When, lo ! a maid of beauteous grace, Came tripping past with beaming face, And as she sped the last along, She sang a sympathetic song. I followed to the garden gate. When, lo I it was my sister Kate. CURTAILMENT. 1.-1,-The weather is quite first and clear, The sun shines bright and warm; All fishes have my next, you'll find, Of differing shape and form. BELLeCK.
LOGOGR IPII. 12.--Yu ash a question-- hall the answer be Adi mrative or negative? Choose me. ('hanie tail, my sound is diff'rent, yet 'tis strauge My m:eauing is unaltered by the change 'Transpose, I own a new sound once again; Yet still thie same in meaning I remain. Curtail, and altered is my form once more. l'liou Ih still in sound and meanuing as before. Now place a cap upon my head-behold New sound and delinition I unfold. L'I:NVol. The first four words, when found by yon ari :, All lmea: the sanme; the fifth is diflriet qaic -- In fact, it is directly opplosite. Nrt.Leir C., Bow. DOUBLE ARITHMORIEM. Nocs ltion l'u d.. 1I.-When the midniaht taper slickers, Anl the lyre iof Mussu ickers With the e er.drowsy Sounsus, who would cast his mantle o'er, And the spirit plunge in Lothe, 'IThec in fancy do I ice thee. Glorious priuals, anud to we the ne'er forgttei? harp of yore Seems again to s.,nd when I o'er wondrous ilnal sadly Which shill live for evermore! Crorss Wi,3,'. 1i0 an' naanthe IMtlaning to ftoscinalie- Levrdent.,in ; 500 ,, thae IHe will sssissiuato All, it is lbin ; 1 ,, beg Soothing, sarc:,ltinal, Scornlul, a t le "r; i 0 ,, rota Meel: or iomnlustical He ian ipptr; 1 ,, fatara I1ae ,y tithe. Spani-h is This drink. :. ,'ll 111d ; 5 ,, rope Unirtailed, it tunahes l)outt trom your mind 51 ,, boque Not perpendicular-- Crooked, we'll sac ; 5 ,, nece 'This one particular Part of the day. F. I. CouLsoN, Bow. META G A MS. L4.-Toin Jinks came over t'other night To see our firsts so jolly ; 11," a-ked our father if she might lie his-but, ,h, what folly ! My father told him 'twas absurd, And lie unst watt a long tilne; He could not let our little bird L.eave us just in her song.timie. ailt yet Tom stolpped till next thalt night At the fifth before they purit ed, Amnt tears of sorrow dimned his sight, Althouglih he was braveo-hearted. HIeh thought. his fourth was very hard, As mlalny have beforl' hiim, To lais debar him from his third, W\Vhile she seemed to adore hi iim. HitLLuAN, ]IManhlstor. L5.-I first my pretty home for next, And now I'in all irlorl ; I feel the third so very much, :1iy clothes are all so worn. uint I'll fourth out a long time yet, i)r while 1 canu, 1 niani, For my last heart will never yieli As long as hope is seen. W. G. SiPtrsxs, Tipperary. DOUBLE DIAGONAL PUZZLE. Foundation s'Words. IG.--Tn the diagonals are shown Two poets' names-they're both well known. Cross Taords. In the first word there will appear A useful part of riding gear. The second was a thrilling sight, Seenu y a Danish prince one night. Tlhird is exact, but if not so, The Editor will let me know. W hen yonth departs, my next appears, Comlpanion of declining years. A wingid steed in fifth is shown, \Vhich many a rider proud has thrown. An Trish village known to fame; To foolish talk it gives a name. Lastly, in seventh may be seen A brave and noble English qluean. D. IN. O'D., ('Cork. MONOPTIONES. L7. -'Tis night-the lichitliug's vivid flash Illuminates the t;rst. ; We hear the waves' inceissant dash, As on the shore they bur.t. A vessel on the rocks is last; The billows o'er her pour. ller nmasts are ione--she's breaking fast; She'll ride the sea5s nol mre S. W. liavs, Worcester. IG.-- yv first a kind of fi-h is, Wllicth uakes siom, splelndid dishes; It also is a part (f every shoe. My la st you all pos, So, riddllers, please tot guess This simple little con. And now, adieu. Cnrrmrocox, Wolverhampton. CHARADES. 19.-Yon must sunrely be very " far gone" when you say That, with this, in a cot you'd be willing to stay. How I would I were one (for so runneth the song). And how grand through the air to be rushing along I What a poor silly bird thus all day to sit cooing ! Something better than love-making you could be doing. J. CHI.IAns. 20.-M-y fist illuminates the sky; My second does the same; My whole does likewise, so now do You tell me what's its name. T. P. DorcInoa. 21.-" Come into the first, dear Charlie," I cried. " I've bought you a beautiful last. Come down from that ladder wlhich reaches the whole, For it is not secured very fn st." L. K. SowDosx, Roeading. DECAPITATION. 2.-A riddler's name now please pen down, Who's striving hard to win renown. Behead him--stop I his name, I mean- High.sounding lanIgiage then. I ween, 'Twill bring unto your view; Behead again, and, without fail, An insect small'twill then reveal, Seen both by me and yon. I. G, ErAN, Fermoy. ROTATION CHANGE. 23.--My first is an article, useful indeed For giving refractory steeds a " good hiding;" My next is a traveller over the world; My third yon might happen to do when a-sliding; My fourth means a blow, as the answer will show; And last means to kill, as you all ought to know. BARNEr DE Bi~EAR.