RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE.
l.-Came the hammer in thundering, ponderous blow. Clang I clang ! Even, remorseless, deep.measured, and slow- Clang clang! And the sparks spring around to the musical sound, In fantasy's movement, with fairy.like bound, Now dan'ing in air, now parading the ground- Clang ! clang ! And the iron looks fierce in its venom of red- Clang I clang I For a while it lay passive, in counterfeit dead- Clang I clang I Then sinuously shifting its metalline thong, Undulating in time to the hammering song, It nears a whole youth and-he didn't stay long ! Clang! clang! With an audible rustle of rapturous joy- Clang claug !- It slid once again to the agonized boy- Clang I clang -- Ana raised its first form in exuberant glee, Like a last in his power, despotic and free- Did the 'prentice await the embrace? He he he ! Clang I clang I Non NAmEs. REVERSION. 2.-Oft at eve, when my day's tasks are o'er, I take my old Young Folks, and through them pore. Regretfully I gaze and ponder on The dear, familiar names that all have gone From these bright pages many months ago, And whose long absence fills my heart with woe. Long have I missed your name, dear Flossie B.; A. Stanton, Brown Eyes, little Queenie, too; Scotch Lassie, and of others not a few I first could name, Who in this paper next. great praise and fame, Whose silence has a puzzle been to me. Gladly would I stretch forth a willing hand, And welcome you back to our joyful band. Return again; As riddling queens amongst us once more reign; For joy 'twould be Your dear, familiar names again to see. MAnzoa TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. SQUARE WORDS. S.-My first's a battle, dearly fought, Where we the foe a lesson taught, Remembered to this day. I then a monarch's name express, Most ably wrought, you will confess, By Shakespeare. If you'd say My third, it needs no great extent Of thought to cite the implement Before the Lord Mayor carried On state occasions, Through the last Our servant and her sweetheart passed Last Sunday, to be married I EPszaon. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foutndation Words. 4.-Two clever young riddlers. well known to us all, Who write for our Young Folks good cons., great and small. My primals and finals will bring to your sight These two famed young gentlemen, witty and bright. Oross Words. My first means a portion, a share, or a side, And also to separate, quit, or divide; My second's a fluid to write with or print- I think you will guess it with only this hint; My third is the judge of a foreign country; And fourth is a county which touches the sea- Not exactly the sea, but the Channel I mean; In fifth what means frugal will surely be seen; For sixth write an esculent root, which you know; My seventh the harlest of metals will show; My eighth is a mark to observe or set down; And last you will find is a county and town. Axr BOEHMER, Shorncliffe. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-I don't think I go with the fashion In stating to you my desire Of seeing each day, in a passion, The girl I so madly admire. And further, I'd have you aware, sirs, Her passion I ne'er like to see, I second, unless brought to bear, sirs, Entirely and solely on me. But frst I would whisper to you, sirs (What I should have stated above), My maiden is charming to view, sirs, And therefore the passion is love. F. WALLIS, Swindon. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. 6.-Poor Dick ran near a dangerous place, Caught his foot, fell, and hurt his face. The lazy boy I he did not care To bring the ball, so kicked it here. A bog race, now, is famous fan; You tumble in ere you've begun. Dick ate the apples; he was sick, And thus was served out for his trick. T. P. Dorcunos. OMEGRAMS. 7.-My first on ev'ry tree is seen, Of diff'rent colours, black, brown, green; In ev'ry manuscript and book You'll also find it, if you look. Now change the tail aright, and you Will bring a metal into view; On battlefields, where sounds of strife Are heard, 'tis used to take man's life. Again, my friends, please alter tail, What means to jump 'twill then unveil; Once more change tail, and it will bring To mind a famed Shakespearian king. M. F. GERas, Fermoy. 8.-Dear Young Folks, I do here present An item for the " Tournament," An omegram, which, I am sure, Your kind indulgeuce will secure. Find the first word, and it will tell A righteous king of Israel; In second is a serpent seen, Which killed a fair and famous queen; The third's a beast of which we speak As much despised, but tame and meek; Fourth is a tree, beneath whose shade fly friends and I have often played; I do but fifth that you will try To ind the answers-so, good-bye. . DIAnA R. O'D. ANAGRAMS ON FLOWERS. 9.-I daresay I shall find each lout, But one name here is blotted out. We must work hard to live, my boy, If we would earthly life enjoy. - Thy chain is made of massive gold; It must have cost thee wealth untold. Ah, yes, I spy an aged man, Who tries to walk, but scarcely can, Why, Jessie, man is woman's lord; She must obey his ev'ry word. How often must the peoor lie low, On cold, wet streets, or in the snow I can't get yours. Not get mine own I I 'think we'd best leave both alone. Oh, can you hlear the thunder, ma? I hear it rolling from afar. DixoN AND PrYeraAs. CURTAIL-MENT. 10.--By his fine and manly face, First now from the sun's fierce glow, By his weather.beaten next, Sailor Jack at once I know. F. BOExEB, Shorncliffe.
METAGRAMS. 11.-When Hesperus first gently reign, And orbed Luna rides above, Irradiating all the plain, And night.winds whisper through the grove, I love to roam by Mona's stream, Where I in happier moments roved, And things more dark and sombre seem, That I, who love, am not beloved. Yet, still, how sweet it is to dwell On all the charms by nature spread, The hallowed spots I love so well, Where erst with Flora I would tread I And, oh, there is a sweet, sad joy As thought next o'er each sweet scene roving, Though sorrow makes a sad alloy To him who loves, yet knows no loving! GoLDEz QULL. 12.-I'd like to oblige you once more, M r. Brown, But the shilling I lent you before, To return you forgot, and I really could not Let you have, as you say, three or four, Mr. Brown, Although that first fact I deplore. Yes, that trade has been next, I'm aware, Mr. Brown, But rye third the same troubles to bear, And-must go I Well, good day-but, hnllo I Here, Isay, Excuse me, you've erred. Why, how queer, Mr. Brown I That's my new hat. Your old one is here. Ta-ta Hope to see you again, Mr. Brown. I fancy the wind blows for rain, And-good graoious I dear me I this a strange thing must bet You've got my umbrella, I find, Mr. Brown, And you've left your old gingham behind. "Indeedi Ah, yes Absence of mid!'" COULSON aND SPAnLIsG. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 13.-A crimson glow illumes the sky- 'Tis primals' vivid light; The gloomy darkness seems to fly, And day give place to night. But see l it fades. The wondrous light No longer brightly burns, And the dark pall of Arctic night In gloom once more returns. Cross Words. 10 and jaa Before Troy's famous walls he fought ; 101 ,, nurou A fabled animal, I ween; 51 ,, gehra Tobacco he to England brought; 50 ,, poa In fourth a precious stone is seen; 500 ,, er Fifth is a colour-'tis not blue; 51 ,, aaasrtu The largest island in the world: 100 ,, rtepuutb In grassy fields this fiowr you'll view; 50 ,, myospu Jove from this mount his thunders hurled; 1 ~, bron This bird is seen when winter comes 550 ,, naneg A famous European State; 50 ,, ea 'Tis found in many British homes; 55 ,, vo This word means just reverse of hate: 101 ,, e 'Tis water frozen firm and hard; 100 ,, tots And last's a famous Soottish bard. AeGsPPA. TRANSPOSITION. 14.-There is primal down the second, if you go too near the well, For an accident once happened which I do not like to tell; But, as you desire to know it, with your wishes I'll com. ply, And do tell the story truly as it happened I will try. Now, the final he got out, sir-'twas upon a sunny day- And adown the beauteous second he did quickly wend his way. Then he peeped into the well, sir, as he stood upon its brink, And he saw the water clear, sir, and he stooped to get a drink. But he over-reached himself, sir, and he tumbled very quick, And his body came in contact with the water andabrick, And his legs and neck were broken, and he died that very day. So I tell you there is primal, and you'd better keep away, SToan A Da BrAs. REVERSION. 15.-A scrap-book I've kept for a very long time, In which many things, both in prose and in rhyme, Are arranged with great care; Some of them are rare, Some of them funny, and others sublime. I've poems, and pictures, and puzzles, and I To have the best of each class in my book always try. With some first, which I keep In a little next deep, I stick them in nicely, and leave them to dry. SPOTSTROKE, Glasgow. ENTGMAS. 16.-I hold tremendous pow'r, I growl and low'r; Excite me, and I'll hammer, beat, and thrash. If you put me into prison for an hoar, Most deeply you'll repent you were so rash; I shriek and squeak, as out I swiftly dash- Out swifter than a greased lightning's flash; I drive, and rive, and hit, and I heave, and cleave, and split, As that prison, with resounding crash, I smash. I journey round with ships from shore to shore, I daily travel " first" in every train; Though loved by all, I'm voted as a bore. No soldier drills so much as I; again, That I'm an awful scamp is very plain. I forge and card, row, blow, stamp, punch, and drain ; Though I never see, I saw; I'm noartist, yet Idraw ; And, stranger still, I bolt, but still remain. I'm seen in every country on the earth, In every palace, mansion, hamlet too; E'en prejudice acknowledges my worth- I help in almost ev'rything you do. You'll find I bind and grind, and pick and hew, I lift, sift, rift, propel, and well, and screw. I'm essential to the Mint, and I lend my aid to print This number of our dear Young Folks for you. G. Tnor. 17.-Don't think me egotistical in what I have to say; Although it is about myself, be merciful, I pray, For mercy, mixed with justice, is a truly blessed thing- A thing that's rarely to be found in peasant, lord, or king, But now about myself-observe that I am very grand, And that I'm foundin every street-in fact, in every land. I'm every shape that e'er was seen, the oval, round, or In coura o, r m everything, from black to very fair. A motley throng of worshippers I surely do possess, Andayou, my friend, are one of them-beg pardon-more 0r less. And then I am so changeable, I think not of the pain That I inflict on others, when I am at the gain. But now, dear sirs, I fear that I have kept you long enough, .. And longer now I won't detain you with my wretched stuff, But, leaving you to guess my name-'tis known both near and far- I'll quickly now withdraw my face. So, lastly, an rersoir. .d MosooxmarE.