RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DEOAyPII'ATIONS. mropthe first letter. , of a grd, lenvinlanother word.)
s uMelinda mD',croigg 'was fair of face, fair of face, with a charming grace at gained her admirers all over the place,, F8,'rom the butfer' laist to the td lc d the Captain de Snookt, who could cast sly looks-,' h amoroun looks, likewe read of in books- edeavoured~to meek ler by hlooks and by crooks S Whenever sie walked abi'bad. "yvening, while strolling along the square, eLBloomsuhry.suare, he chanced to meet there -Lord Tiddlewih sknd Melinda the fair; And with .j aeonsy indefined beat it grew sick,ai.d.ne grasped his stick- sturdy good stick h.ich was painfully thick, e his head, and.theniotions that wondrously quick Went floatinpgacross his mind. a challenge he sent to my lord to fight, haeoge to fight on that very same night, r he'd door he'd die 'neath the moon's pallid light, And'banish his care and strife I they met and they fought, and a victory was wrought, ietory was wrought by De Snooks, whose first.thought el love for the maid, whom he speedily sought, And speedily made his wife! he led to the altar the maid so fair, lieda the fair, with;the golden hair, t of temper and tongue he got more than his share- 'Twas awearisome life at best. th her beautiful fade she could make a grimace, e an ugly grimace marring all her fine grace, De Snooke wished his rival had loved in his place, And envied him oft his rest I MAIaON TAYLOR. London, 2.-My first is waste, and what we seem To put siall ialue on Or rather that which you must deem The first of this small con. But now I'm getting second., or Incautiqus I might'say, So rein your ste~d, and tuirn, for I take Rnother way. Now, if ay ilast you'd like to find, Just look among those trees' Select one of the common kind, And name it, if you please. R. WATr, Glasgow. At first 'twill spoil or make a thing all wrinkles; Behead it, and I think you will agree 'Twill do the same, as sure as little winkles. Come, riddlers bold, whatever can it be ? J. W. SEWELL. 4.-Something to ascend by, when beheaded, Is a kind of reptile very much dreaded. T. H. MILLs. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. op the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-I know a shepherdess most fair, With lustrous eyes and golden hair; I view her in the summer morn, Low.drooping 'mid the fields of corn; Where poppies.graoe the meadows green 'Tie there her radiant form is seen. With voice that sings through moorpiug air, She sits and twines her golden hair;. So passing sweet her roundelay From lips so fine, from heart so gay, I dream seraphic forms of love That swell the radianut'choirs above Are not so sweet; so dear to mo As she that thapes this rhapsody. Apollo's ear might well incline To strains so sniellow, so divine; Or Orpheus stay his sounding lyre, To nurture hope or sweet desire; Amphion cease his charming strain To own his minstrelsy is vain, For this faig sheperdess of love IMigat snare the hand and heart of Jove. LuccaEus. NARRATIVE DUAGRAP. hge the lrat ewo letters of a weord to form another word, ex- Spressed in the narrative., -D Blobkins, a youth who was thrust on the world, Or was hurled, I should say, and he thenceforward had t sympathy little from neighbour and friend; And the end Would appear to be close on this lad, lived in a gutter-delectable place- And with grace He retailed Bryant's matches by night and by day; id the people, of course, took great pity on him, And awhim na kind lady's part made her take him away clean him, and clothe him, and make him her page, Atltan age hen he should be at school at his lessonsbaoh day'; it the functions of page he performed with great glee, And to see . . Him at work, he was happy, you'd say. s, haPPy, contentetedhe.innocent the while. . I should smile I) Deception he practisediwith ease- the way he was brought up,that taught him to sin. S Somethirg ing in ais nture that never would cease. ,while he was busily doing his worlk, S. Ne'er would shirk, He'd his eyes on the:silver and spoons; She carted them'off ore he'd been, ...Oiba hd seen, Ae the Indians say, "many moons.' police who were placed on his track Pull f e rouight him back, ll ofth penitene, porter, and tears; Ste judge said he thought he'd amend o Ifoon'demned To prion fofourteQa long years. "OB" JEFEJSON. AND " BOB" ANDREWS, Looidon, . h, DUAGRAM,. hrntethe fl'st two letters of a word to form another word.). 'Queen ariton, riddlers, oh, pity, I pray, this youth hole writing to thee, he' folks all tell him'" he's not, built that way," ieie trying to ~ii opdetry. the job he has sworn, oh, so bad. The neigh. ,t, . ,,wondering are " SoIS ome r this 'ere poor lad, and s~ they it .? my clear "ma. Iat re their slightings, their grumblinUgs to me oP 1l~5g n t lo ntee "T'," don't ,~'o see. Y'oii'll -'~eOttnd ev"'rything now. .. ,5 all outink all.the peus have gone wrOn .-the shlosc . n'writie a song, thotb. dliht shall 050'or beo kiahts, ach elloirt sit ut n flctgp i" w il woate n y sig natuire * *Inpu. - *.a Dnorro.
NARRBATIVE MElAGlaH1S (The ift rit'leteii *i k' dmishSlinpgs, to'forni another wordu In 8.-=ood ibieen. pra lir lihý~ ahile: '.twill while .away I wo·uld ptale, not stal, UnfoldT hope in decent rhyme; Oh, agony unspeakable!" oh 'direst, bitterest woe f Naught can express my state of 'mid--my grief you'll never~inowi - It allociered as follows "I.ivaswlking out to.day; The weathier was delightful=someinlihng like tradition's And I sawtered aimlessly enough; ino object.I'd in view But iashing, all the gushing girls-and they were not a few. , I walked and walked till pastiall life; and Nature reigned supreme- .The scenery Was beautiftil, lit uB by sun's bright beam; At last I saw adamsel: who was walking very slow A hundred yards or so alead-my-blood fast seemed to sow. So beautiful, divine, she looked, A stately was her gait- My ideal beauty come to life by g9pe ;itysterious fate I I gradually neared her-ah-I how pretty was her'face, So simple. arid: so - winning, and so full of charming S grace,-' ,,. A second, and my hat was raised, ',rGood morning, miss/' Isaid, f. . Expecting she'd reply to me; but,'pon my word, instead-. Well, really, sirs, to tell the truth, I'm sure I quite forget,. - I know the hard, hard pathway and my "noddle" some- how met A thousand-thousand curses on that feminine gymnasium That's given bruises black and blue all o'er my classic craniun ! The mystery is out, my friends: my Venus fair belonged To a school of calisthenics that my sarcasms had wronged. Her answer was- a' swift left-hander-that was all she said, Aund quite enough I've thought since then-it laid me up in bed, - And warning gave me first, to test a darling's strength of muscle Be(oro I any nearer got than (pardon me) her bustle I! S1. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. 9.- We love to linger on the Rhine, We love gay Italy,- We love to dwell in sunny France, Whose pedple all are free. We love to hear the nightingatle . SIn merryi linglaid sing,. And we love.to-hear the bagpipes 'l1iongst.Scotland's mountains ring. * Through Erin, too, we-love to roam, So pretty, green, and fair; There's ne'er a Pat but loves;his home, With which none can compare. We also love America, That land of liberty, Its wondrous lakes, its wondrous falls So full of majesty. Of India we now would speak, And praise its fruit so rare, Its spices, flowers, and jungle wild, Its sweet and balmy air. Aiid fair Ceylon we'd fain now view, That garden of the sea, A lovely isle far in the East, A paradise we see. There are many countries we omit To mention in this rhyme, We'll leave them, then, and praise each one When next we'veleisure time. " Yet praised we not the'one bright spot Upon the-globe that we Devote our greatest love, for 'tis Our homer-sweet Zuyder Zee. SCiNEIDER AND BROAD ARnow, Zuyder Zoe. 10.-Ideal, ideal, where art thou, ' With thy clustering ringlets and snowy brow,. Tey crimson cheek and thy light blte eye, The pilot star of my destiny? Art thou within that rosy land Where the sun looks down on a burning sand, Where'the waters roll in a sea of blue ? Is it there, is it there I must seek for you P Art thou within that fading west. Where the sun sinks down on the ocean's breast, Where the-mountains rise in a purple chain And lose themselves in the'boundless maii ? Art thou within a Greenland home,. Or a gorgeous palace with careen dome; A lowly cottage where roses twine With the jessamine and the pale woodbine P Art thou within eAonely vale; In the mountain glen or the sunny dale, Where my soul is searching in vain to find The loveliest spirit that haunts my mind ? H. Cox, Birkenhead. 11,-She is gentle, unassuming, Kind to all that meet her here, And in-brilliancy illuming ' Columns where she may appear; : .omers new by'her are greeted In a gracious, queenly tone, !.hongh afar they view her seated " On her.maid-encircled throne; She isever shining.seen, Is our queen. For a long while she's been reigning Over thieour httleabaid, ....... Ever yet her powei sustainig~ g, Though the clever round her stand;' And her realm is itrilrincre asing- - : Every'dayand every:honir ... Come new-riddlers bright and pleasing, Who have shown their dawning power, And still faithful they have been To our queen. S She not long ago addressed me - . - In a very pretty way, . And a sense of joy possessed me,.. And my heart was light and gay; I am grateful to the sender, And with loyal heart and-true - .Marny thaulrns to her I rednder: ; With the others not a few;" " Sind and gentle in her mien S Is our queen. SLong'i'ay she, hersceptre swaying, Be the queen of "Riddle.T.," Subjects all commands obeying, - - Bound in love and harmony; Mounting up with high endeavour, - - Andour faces fresh -and.brlight,. With our footsteps faltering i' never Till we reach perfection's heigt,... Greeted, with a sen'siso oy- sereine,"- By the " Riddle Tournament's" young queen. -7-. :- - - -vawon ]iEglfalt. rChance the first letter of ia wor4to:ddian.ri.ther 1r.r . . , .;.-n,a Uef~a;
': 'NARA1I VE IMETA-:OIrEGORAMS, (Ohange the first and last letters of auoi' i tbfiini another word sxpressed~in the narratlve, (Ballade of-the "'old ito"re~'i ) ' 13.--Sli audI meot.when youth's warm eyes Saw bt thleoutward face of things, All blind to besuty'sdce'p disguise, . . Lost in thrall that round it olings. -So,.each}nmmersed in 'genial springs, Why should each seem not insincere SWhere hearts ride fleet on eagle.wiugs, Th.e '' Iie," my dartling, " I,'"her dear P Why should a sigh corroding rise, . Whose fumes like 'venomed scorpion stings, For whatwas.but a vain surmise, A peal, whose bell one's weakness rings? The chaisq that mute affection flings, The tendrils that pnake distant near, Climbeal half way, fell, and broke their strings, ,~Sh, " n~ay darling," I," her dear. whait if a hope's born, lives, and dies, Whatif the heart:its sciul-chord wrings, Or dis i)pointment sears and dries, Ith llassb Oter its victim flings ; SWhat:thoihghilike dull, impromptu "pings" Of instruments tunedidly, mere M elnryy op~s theiound with " dings," The "she,"' my darling,.' I," her dear, If, friendd;, ve's'coimings and goings uYou'd meet and treat unhurt, note hero: Fall out as ye fall £i his wendings- - The "she," one's darling, "he," one's dear. VIOLET DAVIES AND V. D. T. 14.-I met you in the lane, At the foot of the broken stile, And I saw your face was fair, And your form was full of grace; And I turned to look again, And I caught your winning smile Through the mass of golden hair, And I loved you for your face. And the sun shone in your eyes "s t stayed to lot you pass, And the wind played with your hair In its free and careless ra,.e; And I saw 'neath the summer skies Your shadow upon the grass, And I knew your form was fair, : .But I loved'you for your face. Anid youStook my proffered hand A a.Ihelpe4 you over the stile,. And we went our ways apart, Though I longcd to stay, in the place; For I felt my heart expadi 'Neath the glow of your winning smile, For the beauty of your heart Shone clear in your girlish face. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. META.OMEGRA5IS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 15.-Kind riddlers, we are standing here this morning, Slg hey, the merry minstrels that ypu are All cowardice and tyranny you're scot iug, Sing hey, the "Tourney" jewels gleam afar i Sing hey I for knight and maiden, With many firsts love-laden, Sing hey I each "Tourney " singer is a shining star I Kind riddlers, we've important information, Sing hey, the joyous gallants that you are ! We gaze upon the throng with admiration, Sing hey, the " Tourney " jewels gleam afar I Sing hey I for knight and maiden Their glittering. cloaks array ed in. Sing hey l each " Tourney" singr is a shining star! Kind riddlers, we shall cause a slight sensation, Sing hey, the witty sages that you are ! Our secret-aneat can hear without elation, Sing hey, the " Tourney" jewels gleam afar ! " Sing hey! for knight and maiden, Their constancy unfading, Sing hey.! each " Tourney" singer is a shining-star I Kind riddlers, just a few of you are yawning, Sing hey, the weary riddlers that you are 1 We'll call and tell our news another morning, Sing hey, the " Tourney" jewels gleam afar ! Sing hey! for knight and maiden, With wit and beauty laden. Sing hey! each " Tourney " singer is a shining star ! MACION AND QUEENIE. 16.-- Iy master's name is ltr. Brown, And mine is Mr. Gray, He lives somewhere about the town, And I live where I may* His place of business overfooks -The margin of the sea; And there I keepeth uo his books, And there he keepeth me. We live in quiet and perfect peace SAs first and fortnight flee, And our good manners never cease Save when we disagree ; For he, with all his sense and sight', And all his virtues strong, Will have it that it isn't right To righ' (write) athluJ that's wrung. But, there, I must not call' his fate, Or try his fame to rob, Although he used to last me lateo . And fee'd mo.on "bob;" For, Oh, when going home to sup S Then'othbt night in toini. - A'*ii;ked cabnan cried " Hey up," Then ran .drl knocked him down. So here I stand among the feiw Old books upon the shelf,. With not a soul to gossip to - In pastime but myself ; For when my poor old' master-thin Commenced to rail' and shout., 'Apolicemaah took and ran him in For not a.looking out.' . ' . M'GobsrLY,-IMonk's Ferry. :NARRATIVE OMEGRAM.- (The last letter of a word is changed to form anotl`ei word In the narrative.) 17.--Long live our "Riddle Tournament," S Longlive ,aoh songster gallant, Long live its brightest ornament, Our queen sorich in tialent. Two modest knights,, Quieenu arioin, Now raise aloft the clarion And hail thee, as unto thythrone they humbly bend the . knee, One maid -we'll name her presently- Has lately absent been.i .- Fromnwhere. sonvery:pleasantly, -Shlrsangbesiide our:queea.-,- M."is-lsehninleArthur, where'areyou? We&thinkites$e rcelydFair o' you .,-: To thus forsske: or ,Tourney. for-''frhesh fields and :nfcpa turegniew;.--:. .-:,. . ,- . : * W ciiotiof' These hb ai'jiaah' to-rite ~"....... o h ."Totaaly 'ridllreciikd:ap18 _ Baoh ta1oa.a,his _ aulk iliadditti~ s ever do, ,
SDEIýETION. (Drop aletter from the wbrd 'cfon ieavlin, inother word.) 18.-This ink I spill to y uQ.,5 cred nine I To you I dedicate this life of mine. See, thderk flood descends; restore, my charms, My joy in battle and the "Tourney" arms ! Behold, the,first libation etaius,tie ground1, And nine times solemnly I pace ,qauiid-' ' Nine is your number! O restore, my charms, My joy in battle and the "Tourney " arm 's And nowi behold, these manuscripts-I pile. 0 blessed nine! upon my labours smile : . These mannuscripts I lire. Restoro, my charms, My joy in battle and the" Tourney " arms I The smbke asdeiids ; this may your wrath assuago.;. These were not written for the "Tourney" page, So these I sacrifice, Bring last, my charms, My former pleasure in the " Tourney " arms! I, who was wont to be so full of fire, To write for famenoeW feel but slight desire. Heartne;'ye tumefal ninel 'Restore, my charms,] 'My foIrab 1pleasureain the." Tourney "-arms ! .'.Tdles6 Ads.toated rites are done, and now, Eie r oneiio d4. Iat her footstool bow "Wi'ule's' . drnlart'"lo! my bosom warms, I takkne'w pleasde in the" Tourney " arms ! Fetchme my.armour, and bring out my steed- I see ftlrmaupya knight to-fame succeed; Bring 'me my phield and spear-sound your alarius- lplunge, I rush amid the clash of arms 1 PATRICK S., Belfast, DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Dlop the two last letters o9.a word, leaving another word.l 19.-Within the renowned `I Riddle Tournament " Is there room i is there-room P. Firt the knights and ladies fair Ts there room.P? is there eoom P Will Marion welcome me second Her gay, and ever-glittering throng- Give a greeting warm and stroig "To the knight who callshimself "'White Plume " F I seek not fame or high renown; But to defend, but to defend The weak from the ruthless and the strong I do intend, I do intend. '11 banish gloom, drive care away, I11 Ming so merry, blithe and gay, BSoro tt shall never with you stay, . Gay songs I'll sen, gay songs 1311-send. WHITE PLUME, , e .... OHARADES. ' (Formed on a word esah syllable of wtloh i4'a word.) 20.--Oftj ft have all the books been made h l htever pen did write, Else would no printer ply his trade, Or poem see the light; And these are what, on Sabbath days, The parson uses when he prays. " Next makes the man," 'twas said of old, " The want of it the knave -" Then-next, with sorrow be it told, An easy time must have; I, For men are scarce, and knaves;abound Both on the earth and undergrodud., 1'y whole could write a simple song, And in a simple way, And ever, as he went along, : '' 'Draw matter for his lay '. rom trees, and stones, and coinmun thin Wlherof no other poet siugs.. G.' E, :21.-Schoolboys talk of dfrst withzeet, SIam ignorant its functioils ; .. Of bridges this is not: thq best, .; : , Teaesping with itamae-m sno~ . I Brightold.towo, but hily qni Perched upon a Surrey heigh't .1, L. JEFFtss dpn. ACROSTICS. (L word,or.worda, formed .pfthe initial letters of other , Foundation .Words. 22.-If you read this riddle right, SYou'll find below a'witty!knight,. Who is foremost in the:'( Tourney" fight With-cons..so' witty, rare, and bright. r ro'ds Words. Fist 'is a' lud beyond the ocean. In 'your 'soebid'I've a notion You'll find'many a third. "A fourth; I have often heard, Is svery dangeirous to meet; With fifth they you would greet, SAnddimake-you next with pain, Beventh is my brother's name, . Of nea I-canoohly say: They -ase.jewels bright and gay. S Last is a colQur, I think you'll own That unito you it is well known. E. 'HUaN, CKennington. Fountdation Words. - 23.--.InYoaung Folks Paper "T." we very often see Tihisslady's name, 'tis well known unto you'; - Whewwe her'riddles-see we con them o'er with glee, As'dou'btless all our," Tourney" aongsters do. S ' oss Words.' My frst's a girl's name,"as you'll see; -Inthisaii animal you'll trace; A sort of meadow third will be; For fourth an Enghlish city place ; I'm writing now ivith-pen and this; With siarth you ought to solve this con.; My 'eventh a thirst-assuager is; In eighthua fruit you gaze upon; .A story this is, understand; I feel'qnite tenth.you'll presently . ileventh all-diiioulties, and " .The answer you'll lastfail to see. A. A, DTEs AND A. AMBEIRtLYZ. ., : . : , , . -. . ' _ . . _ _