RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words.
OW, come, all ye riddlers so merry and young, For this is the time when our songs should be sung. 'Tis the season of primals and finals again- Let us hail it with many a welcoming strain I Cross Words. Oh, here's the Christmas Number 1 How exciting I The tales and pictures do look most inviting 1 See, there are poems, and a perfect store Of diverse riddles ! Who, then, could wish more? I have a little puzzle to propound; So, now, my faithful friends, all gather round And listen to me. Please, please don't refuse, Because my first is really to amuse, Not to offend, or second you to say, " Don't bother now, but call some other day." I love the Christmas" Tournament "-'tis third !- And I'm determined to put in my word. You would not shut me out, or be exclusive. I've come to stay, as that will be conducive To sociability. Well, fourth, what say you P If you say, " Go away I" I will obey you, As though you were a potent this-which we Know for a Turkish notability. O riddlers I skilful with your pen and ink, It would be nice to hear a sixth, I think, A lovely logogriph, or what you will. But first draw near the tire; the nigiht is chill. Let's take our next, and take an oranze, too. I'm fond of oranges and nuts-are you ? Here are some boubons; let us each have one, And pull them all at once. It will be fun! Do read your mottoes out. Mine is most queer; It says, " Sweet maid, you'll le an eighth, I fear I" Well, after that let us have something nice. Thank you, I'll take a ninth; also an ice. What will you have ? The w lssail bowl pass round. Take care I take care! The jolly's on the ground. But never mind, here's plenty more of it. l)o have some cake; I, too, should like a bit. Hlere's " Health to all ;" and may you all live lung; May you be happy, jovial, and strong. "A merry Christmas I" Thus I end my song. LourriE W., Brighton. ACROSTIC. Foundatioa Wl'ord. 2.-Within the chieftain's ancient hall shines bright, With cheerful glow, the yule-loi's ruddy light; Great boughs of shining holly deck the room, And glaring torches break the wintry gloom. The festive board is piled with Christmas cheer, HIuge joints of beef, and haunches of the doer; The amber ale itn silver goblets streams. And sparkling wine retlects the ruddy gleams. 'The hoary chief, ill splendlid gariments dressed, Soon takes his seat ibeside his nolcest gneut, And, rangd:l in order with re ard to plsee, Brave knights and lovely mails the blmlnuet grace. The gaudy fool an idle jest dotes make- With laughter loud t he massive rafters shake. But now, to crown tit' already pltnteous fare, Two rosy boys a mighty boar's head ear - A head t.hat even now senems will ;til eree: The gleamintg eetoh a golden letutoe pierce. The primal Iowil Int-t ov'ry goue.t regale, Where hiasitg apples i!':it in spicy ale. The ,b tnueta o'er, the I harp is passed around, And manly voices join the lively soutd. in feast and songg the ( hri.t 'its iDaty is passed, 'Till silence reigns above tlhe all at last. Cross hWord.. The wind blows col. and hushed is nature's mirth, When first exlends his scelpt re o'er the earth. The shepherds hetait , witlh strantce but. sweet do.li-l.t, The secou.l's log that glorious Chlrttila ulght. Oh, dearer far than siiner's gr:adly bhloom, Thy buds, sweet third, relieve the winter's gloom I How gay the room looks where the tirclilght falls 'Gaiust holly's bright fourth berr:ec on the walls! How sweet tund loud the Christmas lifthl du(s rin:g, That hapipy children's fresh, clear voices sing! No sound disturbs the silence of the night, And bright the sixth shines 'nteath the moon's pale light. The Magi wise, with oferings front afar, Were guided by the seventih of the star. BETAG HAM. 3.-The snow is on the leafless boughs, And silence reigns supreme, And winter's chill and icy hand Is on the woodland stream. The robins chirrup feebly now, For joyous summer's fled; The notes of joyous summer-time, Are vanished now and dead. The joyous firsts are pealing now, Far over hill and dale; Soft notes are borne upon the breeze, Of joy a blissful tale. What joy and rapture reigns to-day In all hearts far and wide I Gay nexts and parties gladden all This joyous Christmas-tide ! J. P. HAn:ctrTrroi. DECAPITATION. 4.-Right glad are we to welcome thee again, For joy and mirth do follow in thy train; And we will not the joyful shout restrain, But welcome give to thy delightful reign. With pleasure this great day we hail each year, For joy predominates in ev'ry sphere, And well-known faces, cherished by as dear, Around the ruddy yule-log's light appear. Then let us deck our halls with holly bright And mistletoe, a source of great delight To those who kiss beneath its berries white Some second, who in blushes is bedight. All trouble we will cast unto the wind, And in the Christmas cheer some pleasure flud. In friendship's first our social ties we'll lind, And wish success in general to iant ind. T. S. SHuL. TR NSPOSITION. 5.-With what a joyous step we trip so lightly, To welcome this our paper ever dear I Fair youths and winsome lasses, smilinst brightly, Welcome indeed such merry Christmas cheur I As o'er we're turning many varied pages, And seeking what so surely we may find- Amusement and instruction for all ages- We add a store of knowledge to the mind. Then let us ponder on the first and trouble Bestowed by our dear Ed., a charm to lend, To render it in more than mere name double. How proud are we that he has gained that end I We thank you, then, dear Ed., in manner loyal. The next of life is keen, but you have won, And your reward, we trust, will be right royal; And may you always win as you have done. Come, Young Folks,let us make our brightest rhyntig, And hand and hand together may we be For many happy years, and with the chiming Of Christmas bells our Triple Number see. L. HA.ItrTOXn. ACROSTICAL CHARADTE. 6.--C ome ye riltle'rs, cam -,tl witty, H ea-ien to umy ti-l!lin. .'iltty, R aly rtnnd in t ,wn aid city, Hamlet, villige, too. I am fond of peimtale very, Some I got in Londenderry; T oo much neat won't make you merryn- Try it, and you'll rue. MT ake a mltole, ye cooks so able, A nd with haste lay out the tatle; S hout for Sam and Frank and 1M1a el, Whilst I say adieu. PuI Lto.
METAGRAMS. 7.-A h, with what expectant waiting L ong we first and sigh for thee ! L oud we're now congratulating. H ail! we cry, with tones of glee, A nd the balls are sweetly ringing I n the clear, elastic air, L ike a choir of children singing T o our Yoaun Folks Cthrist ma fare. O u the ice, delighted, skating, O r combating with the snow, U sing skill in simulating R o3 al battles with the foe; C urling on the front-bound river, H eaping snow to muouuiii's height, R acing for a geu'rous giver I n the gloamin's fadiung light, S till our thouguhts go backward si ing T o our second's varied store- II erit, worth, and skill supply ing A nd endearing Christmas more. S o, unto a last retreating N ear the firelight's rosy glow, U uto thee we'll give a greeting, Ml aking peals of glaldness flow. B lending with the winds that blow E ulogies at every meeting R inging o'er the fleecy snow. 8.-Once a year a merry party Liugers in the firelight's glow, Laughing, talking cay and hearty, While the shadowb come and go. Making firsts, creating second, We would never, never tire; Such a jolly time 'tis reckoned, Round the roaring Christmas fire I Listen to the children laughing, As they all third to and fro, Or the flirting and the chatffing Underneath the mistletoe; Christmas tree our eyes delighting, Hung with gifts that we admire. Oh, 'tis cosy and inviting, Round the roaring Christmas fire I MARIos TrtLOR, Birkenhoea .
' . / FIND JOUR WLTIN(I CUPILB IN TIll PICTORU.
SQUARE WORDS. 9.-'Twas Christmas Eve ; the snow was white The first was very chill; It was a most disgusting night For anybody ill. The dogs in all the gardens barked Their boist'rous canine scandal. "1 think I'll go to bed," remarked Young Jones, and seized his candle. To Jones's next, his room was cold, And various draughts did blow, Whiie half a dozen felines bold A concert held below. "Oh, blow the cats !"-this wcas obeyed- " They positively shouldn't. I think I'll go to sleep," he said, Well knowing that he couldn't 1 His face grew third against his will, As shivering lie lay, When underucath his window-sill The waits began to ,lay. They had a fiddle, you may guess, Three whistles, and the " bones." " I think that I'll get up and dress, And go down stairs !" said Jones. II. C. 'PRICE, Southwark. ARITitMOLUllElM. Feostitiuia l',, d. 10.-This merry, happy season of goodwill to all inam:ii:d Should Jill with joy each heart that Ieats t,.,.'y, For 'tis beloved by a 1; and the bonny mnistleto Mlakes lads and lasses all feel blithe and gay. Cross Words. 15S and ty Freedom, politeness, Liked in a boy; 1,500 ,, ashone Beautifnl, generous, Without alloy; 4 ,, were Means to look ovcr Or to survey; 2,552 ,, eatey Presontly, instantly, Without deli, ; 101 ,, gaysat Keenness, aentoness, Found in a horse; 1,000 ,, rotten Misery, anuit-h. Pain, and re:n ,rse; 1,152 ,, lent JN w a 'air lale-- 'Ti-n't Mlara ; 1,C2 ,, basout Prcud alu, asp;rine, \ ants to i, -I higher; 1,100 ,, hese This is . pr ,ject. Also n plan. My puzzle's ended; Solve it who can. KINe CnrVnIP. CENTRAL DELETION. 11.-The bra'sun said, " We're homeward bound ; We'll reach old England fast." Sai Tm ,m T.r, "Then, if safe and sound, isy Jove, I'll first dear last 1" VENTO.
CENTRAL CHANGE. 12.-Merrily, cheerily, over the stnow, Ring the bells in melody low. INow growing louder, now dying away, Like a nightingale's song at the close of the day, Or the ocean's ebb and flow; Then telling, in cadence mnournful and deep, Of many who listened in dab s long ago To their echoing notes, but now peacefully sleep, Forgotten, beneath the snow. I sit by the fireside, and listen and sigh, With tears of sorrow bedtmining each eye, As I think of old friends who have " gone on before," Who once stood with ie in first sweet days of yore Beneath the starlit sky, And listened with e iet lext same swelling chimes, As they on the freshening breezes were borne, Welcoming Christiuas-that best of all times- Welcoming Christ mas morn. But now, without warning, their tmusie doth cease, And o'er all around us an unblroken peace ileigneth, though still o'er the snow.covered ground The tells' d} ng me lodv, cehoilng round, Is borne on the Ireeze Ilke a sigh. And tlhus, whln a fro tiat t his region of pain O(ur weary slpirit shall gain their release, Our nutemories will like lirst echoes remain, Ere they into oblit ion die. A. ST. J. Ancoc. TRANSPOSITION. 13.- Dear me! what a ,ldreadful coinmmotion and noise, E:ixtett eti , atnd rL:.gitg of bells, S~I colstatly cla.gitlg, tie ldooes loudly banging, The tlysttcal cries of the newspaper Ioys, 'I h porters' stentorian yells, The good-byes and kissing, the engine's loud hissing I Anti now the first's starting-at last we're departing, To drink the famed waters of Wells. I will candidly own I am rather reserved, But a laldy whose nomnen was Brown hWoutld insist oni conversing, restraint quite dispersing, And said " This here bustle" her greatly unnerved. " \Vhich, my dear, I'm a journeying down To join my two daughters in drinking the waters As, for being a tonic, have many suplporters, 'lthough Itt seconds my nerves to comlle down. B3ut at, last here we are at the town, So adieu, as is yours, Missis B3rown." N E: iE CortI.;Oxe, low.
ACROSTIC. Foundation IVord. 14.-My glorious whole is now at hand And the gay holly decks the halls King Winter rules the frozen land, And feathery snowflakes gently 'all. Old friends, long parted, meet again, And gather round the blazing fire, Forgetting all their former pain; Sire greets his son, and son his sire. May our dear England proudly stand, Bravely and firuly, staunch and true, And plenty bless our happy land In Eighteen hundred and eighty-two. Cross Wordt. Full many a comic first will now be spun, And listeners laugh with glee to hear the fun. With wandering friends we are second once again, While peace and happiness now mildly reign. The third is frozen over hard and fast, And laughing skaters skim and hurry past. A snowy cloth is seread upon the fourth, And bracing winds are blowing from the north. The pearly fifths now hard at work will be, Cracking the ripened nuts right merrily. " The sixth's now firm and strong, so let us skate," Said I to cousin Tom and sister Kate. Anon we'll seventh round the laden tree, i ith wonder and delight its wealth to see. Of rich plum-pudding may you eighth your share, Your healths be good, your hearts be free from care. HORACF W., Brighton. OMLIEGRAM. 15.-Dear Christmas, we hail thee once more with delight. You make all our hearts, oh, so happy and light I At thy presence our sorrows soon vanish and flee. Dear Christmas, sweet Christmas, we all welcome thee I Thy name rings like music so sweet on our ears; -ow joyful we feel when each snowflake appears To steal through the country soon covered with snow I They praise first, dear Christmas, wherever they go. We view jolly sailors returning from sea, And rosvy.chekei s,.hoolloys made reckless by glee. Il,,w jviall ansi hl.1,y they seem as they rn am, Wit 1 pleasing re. n:lderRs if home, sweet. ,,rret home I Oh, Christmas, de:-r Christmas, thye rais:es will ring Throngh-lut the who'e earth as a j, unal old king, Ann as for :he hol y all, mI istlcti,-o , I" ,nh, We'll get last to form a famed crn.: for thy brow I 1:i t'CiErs:R AND ItRw. REVERSION. 16.-My first's a word lnot very long, It indicates first all that's wrrng; Reverse it now, and then, I ween, What's done by every one is r,-in:. T. CARuPENTER.
METAGRAM. 17.-Of my first once more the sihbt Filleth me with great delir~ht, And to feel my next most right Do I it deem, For certainly my third 'twould seem To me Not to join in the season's mirth, For Christmas unto all the earth Should a time of rejoicing be. Come hither, my fonrth so small. So fair, and a pet with all; Come hither, and let me snatch From those lips that rubies matoh One toothl,s mne kis, Enchanting mibs l Nay, nay, I pray, Don't hasten awayn! Ah, well! ah, well I I'll seek me a more indulgent belle. And here she is, and lifth's her u:ine s In Fairyland she well might claim The right to grace The loft:est place With the artess smile of that sweet young fa.' I And never will she refuse, I trov. When a-ked by her mnset d-voe:,l beau, Just one to bestow 'Neath the berries that ghIIa 4mn the il istlet,.o, No, no ! No, no! So merrily off and away we go! T. L. HTeicar. AR ITIIMORlET.L Found timn ,l'ord. IS.-ITnrrah for old total! lie's here once again ; His dear beaming face we can see. Hle's laden with gists, and his snow-covered head Looks just as we like himi to be. Cross Il orids. 701 and fnonen Trust anl assurance, Also terued I1old, ; 500 ,, hayn This means eonveniont, Re:ady, I'mI tol 1; 1 ,, rot Uproar, sedltio, Turbulence, nobe ; 101 ,, asa Owned by slome persie, (,lGrown miton or boys; 5 ,, ereos Cruel or painful. Sharp andI austre; 55 ,, rathler One who\ goes joturneys, Thait's very clear; 2,001 ,, tierr Chee.rfulnems, gcaicty, Brimfnl of fun; 152 ,, santos Sorrow, calabiity, ,Loss of a so1 ; 101 ,, yotes Company, partiirship, lint v tof frinms. This is the last, si's Here in) cull. ruiide. " a: .L UL! in . t , a. 1)ECAPITATI() N. 19.-- 'ells are softly, sweetly riimri,,g In the ivy-clad clhuro h litci.s; Chihhren to the church are Itriven.'nr Mistletoe and choice sweet t.iw. . Chrysantihemnms are freely b e;.,., 1 In first munce and grand display. The decoration now Inst ended For the coiiing Christmas Day. Louder now ),,lis peal t heir glad me,i " hills riel.chi, it again," Telling all to, !,: i-h adnlesv. And joini ii the joyful strain. Now that Cthristinas Eve's sis: 0- Faither (Christ mal will I he ,l Set.,n,l old familiar greeting liihling all lbe of good chier. bI fore mily chIin. T ani now eniiihtg, I tes+:t give my wish sine' rer: May iyou I joy Clhi l.t nts I e nSeding. And the iirthe 'ii.ig Nm-w Y.'r. ii. 1\V'.ii Lolsn, 'Tanwor'h. ClARAA liE. 20.-Dear Ed.-Sir,--Gooin rmring-ior, ranthi, L,, joutr. I it',t you're in very god . Iih, sir, ['m sir ''o hear tI,, ti le cmri ,al" I sa!i-,' I-. shor'ketd. And I hope t, ot your waste paper basket's well s',.hedt Anil likewise I'vi hi,.pes thal , ht 3il r chi' o eylIvne't i mlk, s ; That the b)y in thle ot!i,'e, sir, ldoesn't. stke jkea ; That you won't hate a it when you've read through thia coil.; And in short- " That's i eouoh, air obligo, anl g0o on." Ay, what'sthatP " Goon!'" iiiiht. BIt why iterrupti P And then, sir, yoiiur words, sir, are ratiher abrupt. Ilon't do it again, sir, or else, sir, l'm sure, Like the princess-a first, sir, of nursery lore- VWhose brother--n prince, sir; t.,he Iing's son and heir- Fell in love with anothel aweep, lirst, very fair, W'lose father olbjected to haindsovme l'rmcme .l ,hn; And whIose grandfather's uncle-- " Confound you! Go oin l" All right, Mr. Editor. Please don't get wild, Or else, like that rude and aundacious young child, Who, of course, sir, was seoondl his father's control, And whose weak point was orclhards and woods to patrol- Oh, yes I you'll be just like that thieving young chap, Who smiled when his father was using the strap, And who rolled up his sleeves when that father was gnlie, Pulled his grandmother's nose, and- " Perdition! Go on I" Interruption again I Just allow me to say I'm not used to things in this queer kind of way. TDon't repeat it, or else, like thaintgalltan young don, Who swore by the groulnd lie was Il:.t, sir, IplonI, That no total of his should prevenlt his goid sword From killing t.lie villain by whom he was lred ; So equipped himself gaily, expelled every doublt, Consulted hisgrand-- " Here confouildl .vu,(ch arout!" M :I.ANcIOLT IBRtlir. METAGCRAM. 21.-Christmas, merry Christmas, once again thnu'rt here to cheer, While snowy flakes from heav'n fall gently down- While men and women eat the goose and sip the Christ. mas beer; When lads delight to see the Christ ml.s clown, And lasses too, his old remarks to hear. Christmas, genial Christmas, once again thou'rt here to show Us mortals that time still is on the wing (t)- Us mortals-every one of us, w!.lt her we're high or low In life-that Christmas weathl,er hs itsie sting, As noses red and coloured ears true show. Christmas, jovial Chri'w'nas, tlou'rt here, and dost provoke Biroad primal on the face tlhat erst was du111; And dear grandfathlers, so li've heard, delight, through clouds ,f snmike, To tell a tale that shall of mirth be full, And with the lyounilgsters pass a merry j~oke. Christmas. joyous Christmas, thvu'rt here, and dost remind Some shopkeepers-not all-their shops to close On Boxing Day, for lads " go off," and lasves too, to flud (Among the poor, though, this is), ere iv grows Too late for them, some one who ceu act kind. Christmas, cruel Christmas (?), a second I once had, That down the street, approachiug ,i, y street-dour, A man, with hampers laden, was; but, really, 'twas too had
No man or hampers were there, whcn so sure! T. J. VANDErPrOF. CENTRAL DELETION. 22.-Come, gather round, ye riddling knights, This little con. to gneqs. Observe in first a usrful thing That we do all possess. But, lo! if by a little change You me of heart deprive, You'll lind that I possess two wings, And also aml alive. A. J. Ii. GnvrvN, Colchesfer. Answers to the riddles that nrli"-'r.l in our last n',mler, as well as il,;o- to the ri.hiles in this page, will be gien nexst week.