RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS. (Ohango the siret letter of a word to torm another word.)
1.-'Twas the night of Ootober the sixth, 'Eighty-three, And I sat by the fire in my sanctum sanctorum, Expecting each moment the visage to see Of my genial old friend, Mr. Adcockalorum 1 My "playthings" lay scattered all over the place: A dlute, concertina, and couple of fiddles; And I groaned as I read, with a very long face, " Our Ed. once again is soliciting riddles!" I've such limited time at my leisure of late, I've been going to give up writing puzzles for ages; And I'd made up my mind (the sad truth I must state!) That I'd figure no more in the " Tournament's " pages ! I intended to say, as I laid down my lyre, " Place my first on the list of the tried and the true ones," And then find my hat, make my bow, and retire, With a sigh of regret, to make room for the new ones ! At length second Adcockalorum, and when In silence I showed him the " Tournament " column With that sad announcement, he swooped on a pen; And when, in a manner most sober and solemn, He started to write, I could see that remorse Was smiting him sore, as he dragged off each" blucher," And, putting on slippers, in tones wild and hoarse, Groaned, " Freddy, old man, what's a good rhyme for 'future?' " Then, as he eat there, in woe touching to ire, I wrote to the other two Freds in relatiua (There are three " 'reds," you know-Biustead, Taylor, and me) To the state of affairs and the grave situation; And, come! Cooper, Hamilton, Troy, and a score Of others, who've all had for third some good tussles (Put six exclamation notes, printer, or more!), Our Ed. once again is soliciting puzzles !!! ! ! F. R. CouLsoN. 2.-O belted knights ! O ladies fair ! A mournful wail rings through the air; The stirring sounds of battle now No longer greet the ear. Are chivalry and pluck both dead ? First, will you let those words be said ? Next ! Rouse ye, then, and show them how To wield the glitterming spear. Up, up I and buckle on the shield, And hasten to the battlefield, Where bannerd of " Red Lion " float Upon the fresh'ning:breeze. There, rosy.cheeked and merry maids Take hold of sharp, good-tempered " blades;" And more than one inspiring note Proclaim the victories. See, now the worthy chieftain smiles, As proudly he reviews his files, And gives to each a word of praise To cheer him on his way. The knights in columns now advance; Each waves his stained and rusty lance, In token of the countless trays He fought in-many a day. So rouse ye, then, 0 doughty knights. "The heroes of a hundred fights ;" Your cutting weapons once again Shall last the foemen low; Declare to all your chief desire To be, like cooks and housemaids, "higher ;" Recall, with sweet and stirring strain, The times of long ago. BARNETT DE BEAR, 3.-I've found a stunning subject for a song, The summer, sir, the summer-rather new ? Oh I don't say that-now, don't I I'm sure you're wrong; The same idea has fall'n to very few I Upon a comfortless and shiny plank There sits, with lips screwed up and eyes screwed down, With fingers twined in locks all rough and lank, The Summer, with his restless, wearied frown! But first he starts, and o'er his youthful face Darts a swift look of tameless joy elate, While figures, minus symmetry and grace, Spring from his greasy pencil to his slate. Hasty and broken sentences I hear : "Yes-dot and carry one-two minus three- Six into two won't go. Hello! that's queer l" And now he counts his fingers carefully. Alas I this Summer has no radiant skies, Only a white-washed ceiling covers him; No hills and trees are green before his eyes- Around are desks and forms, next rude and grim ! No em'rald grass.blades third beneath his soles, For, oh I they pi ess the schoolroom's dirty floor; For he's " kept in" to-day, and slowly rolls The wretched hour between three strokes and four. And, ah! I notice on his face again Returns that fearsome frown, and still he tugs His tangled locks, and dreads the stinging cane, While to his breast the frameless slate he hugs, Still on the shiny plank the Summer sits ; His wrath has been and flown ; his rage is spent ; Before him lies his slate-smashed into bits ! And trembling he awaits his punishment. H. C. PRICE, Southwark. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 4.--Sir Ralph de Breakspear loved a maid, And laid his lance in rest 'Gainst brave Sir Alfred Cunningham, Because she loved him best. Sir Alfred overthrew Sir Ralph, And won the lady's hand; Sir Ralph then sought his castle tall, And there his wrath he fann'd. The bridal morning dawned at last, Sir Ralph went to the feast; He saw the lady fair once more, His jealousy increased. At dead of night Sir Alfred died, Stabbed on his nuptial bed; The cruel whole the lady saw, Sir Ralph then quickly fled. A. E. HOOPER. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 5.-I wander through the waving rye, And watch the birds that twitter by O'erhead, And shafts of light that ling'ring dye The mountain tops and placid sky Deep red. I loved a maiden rich and grand, And asked her parent for hgr hand; But, no I He made much last about my wealth. And added that his dlaughter's health Was "low." 'Twas 'neath yon tall and stately tree She bade a sad adieu to me. I sigh. She sailed the sea one summer day, In foreign Idnds to dwell, and stray, And die. First from my side and warm embrace, I kissey her pretty, tear-stained face With pain. I ne'er will meet this side of death My own. my sweet Elizabeth Again. As cloudlets sail across the blue, And darkness hides the scene from view, I hear A total sweep the mountain path, And with exornultant shuuts of wrath Draw near. ITAVrRAE. 6.--My Frst we all do every day, Strive to escape it as we may; My sccond is an English play; My whole pray find without delay. It. C. LovsLEss, Birmingham.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 7.-1 sing of her with "rosy cheeks," and eyes of "bluest blue ;" With " cherry lips," and " Grecian nose," and "hair of golden hue," Which clusters round a dainty head in ringlets all a-curl. And with a mouth-ah I such a mouth -with "two fine rows of pearl I" " With two fine rows of pearl." Alh, me ! how much I've them admired, And waited, watched for them to show, and never once have tired f And when I praise her pearly teeth, a little praise as well Is indirectly given to what firsts and finals tell. Cross Words. 'Tis an article domestic, and in the pcull'ry found; And you are sure to know it, for wits iron it is bound. Next will a sort of willow name, and of whose slender blade You'll please to bear in mind as well that many things are made. Aun animal carnivorous; but do not shrink nor quail If we now pull our jack-knives out, and thus cut off its tail. Our fourth, a noted Lydian king, was tortured very much Through having fruit hung 'fore his eyes, but just beyond his clutch. And this means elevated; now, your answers please convey 'em, Without delay, to truly yours, F. WALLIS AND H. GRAsnAs Foundation WIords. 8.-To bring us nearer to the Hindoo's land, He ploughed a way through miles of sand. " Ships of the desert" now may take their ease, For mighty steamers cross the seas. His task is o'er, now may he claim A place among great names of fame. Cross Words. A port on Egypt's coast, rm sure; A river nymph who men did lure; Day to be marked with a white stone; In torrid this no home I'd own; An Egyptian king in regal state: Upheld the world and scorned its weight; A stream from far Nyanza's spring ; Mark Antony's love died from its sting; He made just laws-a Spartan king. CaRIMsoN STAR. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-'Twas upon a certain morning, in the glorious summer weather, When the balmy air was fragrant with the scent of new. mown hay, When the glittering golden sunshine gleamed across the moorlands' heather, And the birds in one grand chorus sang a joyful rounde- lay. By a swiftly-flowing river stood a young and slender maiden, Building castles in the sunshine-gilded castles fair to see; For upon the dawning morning, bridal garments all arrayed in, With a crown of orange blossoms, she a winsome bride would be. Sang the maiden, and her voice, possessing more than pas-ing sweetness, Mingled with the babbling murmur of the swiftly. flowing stream; Sang she of a golden prospect seeming bright in its com. pleteness, Of the days that were to pass by like a sweet, unbroken dream. Just a moment, and the sunshine seems to lose its former brightness, And discordant grows the murmur of the streamlet's old refrain, While across the maiden's pathway darts a hare of snowy whiteness, Disappearing in the grasses. Then the world is bright again. Nod the first in superstition, whispering of a fatal warn ing. That to her, the village darling, would a sudden death betide; But the maiden, disbelieving, gaily told them that the morning Would dispel their silly fancies, when they saw her made a bride. Dawns the morning, and across the hills and next the bells are ringing, And the people rise at daybreak to prepare the joyful day, While around the ancient belfry birds are sweetly, loudly singing, And the children group together, bearing flags and banners gay. But within a little chamber, heedless of the stir around her, Hearing not the trilling music of the warblers over- head, Clasping tight the orange blossoms, pale and cold, the people found her, For the omen had proved fatal, and the village maid lay dead. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. DECAPITATIONS. (D)rop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 10.-Unasked, unaided, sir, I come to join this riddle band, And hope among ye knights and ladies fair to make a stand. With best " J " nib stuck last my pen, and non-corroding ink, I ought to conquer, and your good opinion first, I think. O Marion Taylor, "Tourney" queen, your friendsnip, please, extend To this poor recruit who for a laurel green comes to con- tend. Forgive the liberty I take in thus addressing you, And trust me ever to remain, yours faithfully and true, J. BRowNE. 11l.-'Tis sad to think that Widow Blake, Who is so poor and old, Through taking first, a fire to make, Should suffer twenty-fold. Before the court, in last arrayed, Her guilt was fully proved, And, as the fine could not be paid, To prison she was moved. W. F. E CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 12.-Come, murmuir those sweet sounds again in mine ear, Those sounds that in childhood oft filled me with fear- A strange, nameless dread that I cannot define: P'r'aps others have feelings as nameless as mine! When free from the schoolroom, its pleasures and pain, Vacation time first me by ocean again; And there I would linger, unheeded, alone, Till Luna gazed on me, and daylight had Sown; And, lingering, listen, as high on the shore The breakers were cast with a loud.sounding roar- A sound that was echoeewithin the bright shell, But softer by far; I remember it well. And though those dear years have passed swiftly asay, I'm next to recall them and think of the day I first placed the bright shell so close to mine ear, And knew that strange feeling, half pleasure, hal fear.e F. W. Pt: tse.