RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE IETAGBRAS. -
Srat letter of aword s ohanged, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 1 -Dimpled cheeks of rosy hue, E es of tender, sparkling blue; Merry laugh and smiling face, Form of sweet, bewitching grace; Golden dreams and happy days, Wreathed in Hope's unchanging rays;- Childhood. Steadfast gaze of truth and love, Thoughts that wander far above; Standing where, with faltering feet, Childhood's days and girlhood's meet. Dreaming now a tender dream, Catching Love's absorbing gleam;- Womanhood. Thinking of a firm, strong hand, Leading through Love's blissful land, Hoarding one unchangeless vow, Cherished, guarded, watched o'er now; Crowning peace within the heart, Endless, until Death shall part;- Wifehood. Little fingers that caress, painting dreams of happiness; Little feet to lead aright Into paths of heavenly light; Little souls to form and mould, Sifting dross from hidden gold;- Motherhood. Patient lips and shadowed face, Eyes that watch one empty place; Hands that tremble day by day, As they brush sad tears away; One lone heart that, full of grief, Seeks in vain for some relief;- Widowhood. Brow so cold, and eyes grown dim, In a silence, still and grim; Folded hands as if in prayer; Ended now all pain and care, In the Great Beyond so blest There to find a changeless rest;- The end of all. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. (To Philander MIugg, Esq.) 2,-Dark is the night, and dreary, O'er the town a shadow lies, And the ceaseless rain on the window-pane Drips, drips from the dismal skies; But I, ere the brief night flies, My love for the muse to pander, Must write a rhyme to Philander, the wise, The good and the true Philander. Philander, what shall I say- What shall I say to begin it ? To win regard is my hope this day, But I know not how to win it. Now tell me, Philander true, What, oh, what shall I do P Were it only for half a minute, Had I the gift of a voice like you- A voice like the voice of a linnet- I'd sing till your heart was turned to dew, And I could not fail to win it. How wild is the night without! Let me draw to the fire's warm light; Hark I how the rain and the winds complain- Ugh! what a windy night I But the fire is warm and bright, And I am warm and sleepy, Though the wind, alack I creeps up my back, Which makes me sort of creepy. But, there, I can write no more, Let the rhymes and the riddles keep ; For lli day long I've been plodding, plodding, Plodding through volumes deep; And now I am tired and nodding, nodding, Nodding myself to sleep. Hnsh! there's a knock. Come in. And, lo! a fairy appears; A fairy bright in a robe of white, From the land of hopes and fears. Quoth she, "Three apples have I, Apples there never were grander; There's one for you, and there's one for me, And one for the gallant Philander. This is the apple of Truth, The friend of the brave and free; That lived in the heart of the gentle Ruth, With Faith that ever will be; And the third and last is the apple of Hope, And that is the one for thee. And thus three apples have I, Three from the world's foul slander; The Faith is mine, and the Hope is thine, But Truth is for gallant Philander." Toss. METAGRAM. 10hnnir, the Irst letter of a word to form another word.) S.-Years have passed since first with pleasure Rend T in my hours of leisure loung Folk, Paper, wise and witty, Rhyme and story, song and ditty; Genial Ed., so kind and chatty, In his " Party " talks so natty. Still, after all these years, I thirst To wi - a place, though not the first, In the gallant riddling'band That around Queen Marion stand; I w(uld also own her sway, And to Nellie homage pay. Faithful maid of honour, she Guards our queen so loyally; Watchlul, lest a second base, Mean of spirit, lacking grace, ihi"ull -eek to rob our Marion's name Of its laurel wreath of fame. MIRInAn GRaY, Stratford. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. rop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 4.-There was a chap who kept a store, And, though there might be grander, He sold his goods to all who came, And they named him Alexander. He mixed his goods with cunning hand, He was a skilful brander; And since his sugar was half sand, They called him Alex-sandcr. lie had his dear one, and sine came, And lovingly he scanned her; He asked her would she change her name, Thou ring did Alex-hanid.her. "Oh, yes," she said, with smiling lip, "If I can be commander ;" And so they framed a partnership, And called it Alex-and-her. A. SEAxLE, KOenington. CONUNDRUMS. "hat animals should always be reverenced P--S'oT. - y nisa snail like the letter C -J. CooPnE. F aof the pro "sions is represented by the :~do~ relve wRise men P--J. Stumas,
NARATWVE DUA.OMEGRAI . word, expressed in the narrative.) B.-In your course through this world you may find arare thing, That wondrous appears in extreme; Satisfaction to you this discov'ry will bring, Of wealth and position you dream. Your discovery then to the world you disclose, Expecting to gather much praise; Your name will be lauded by all, you suppose, And famous the rest of your days. But when, in surprise, You're told your surmise Is ancient, and people declare you're a fraud, And refuse penetration so keen to applaud, You fancy your life is undone; For folks so unfair, And heartless, declare " There's nothing new under the sun." If to rhyme you're inclined, and forthwith do essay To write of some deep, abstruse plot, You commence very well, but arriving half way You find that the point you've forgot; But still you endeavour with purpose so strong To triumph o'er obstacles great, You realize how it your joy will prolong If success on your work will await. To you it is clear Your mighty idea Is original quite; but to curse you're inclined If the editor says, with compassion defined, " Of this sort we have had quite a run." Then you in despair, Disgusted, declare "There's nothing new under the sun." Then a suicide's end may attraction possess, For your anguish will great be, indeed; You gloomily search, to conclude your distress, For means not by nature decreed. Your brain, as you speedily find's, in a ferment, Your actions cause terror around; A reason for speedy and final interment You trust will be readily found. And yet, though you try, To promptly descry A way to be rid of this earth's subtile care (You're bound to be hasty, you're truly aware), You own a revolver's no fun, And steel is so cold- But then (scarce so bold) "There's nothing new under the sun." E. GEORGn AND J. STOCxS. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 9.-He's a very bad boy, so the neighbours all say, He terrifies all folks around; IHe perpetrates practical jokes every day, And always in mischief is found. He plays every game that's known under the sun, You never can catch him at rest; From morning till evening he never is done, His spirits are all of the best. The cats and the dogs lead a terrible life, Tin cans he'll attach to their tails; The neighbours and he are at ne'er-ending strife, For he worries the elderly males. He plans sprightly tricks, and he carries them out- There's no one around left in peace ; Wherever he is you will find there's a rout, His mischief he never will cease. He's the head of a band of most mischievous boys, Who follow their leader with glee; They're never content till they're making a noise, Or having a regular spree. They emulate Buffalo Bill's wondrous feats, And dress up in Indian style With curtains and laces, with shawls and with sheets, Decked thus they roam many a mile. But yet he's a boy who will ne'er tell a lie, A boy you can always believe: He never will wantonly cause you to sigh, Nor wickedly make you to grieve. When sent on an errand he's first to return, And, though rough and ready his play, His mother's sweet praise he is anxious to earn, He's the pride of her heart she will say. H. J. W. Ossofn. NARRATIVE DUA-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first two and last letter but one of a WOrd to form another word, exoressed in the narralive.) 10.-At a party I attended in the season A lady most bewitching there I saw; And my youthful, heart was smitten, for the reason I became amenable to Cupid's law. I was fairly and completely overpowered; 'Twas a new departure quite that I began, As I slyly glanced at her my eyelids lowered, And the lady gently smiled behind her fan. I promptly looked for speedy introduction From one to whom the winsome maid was known ; Though for aught I knew 'twas rushing to destruction, And my "castles " might be rudely overthrown. Soon a lady who knew both of us advaneing I saw; to her entrusted I my plan ; She laughed, while I was at my charmer glancing. And the lady gently smiled behind her fan. Well, she introduced us. I was in my glory, And made myself soon perfectly at home; I began to tell that oft-repeated story, And vowed that from her side I'd never roam. Yet the lady all the time was sweetly smiling, Though she murmured that I was a fickle man; So I started then the "agony" a-piling, And the lady gently smiled behind her fan. But her cherry lips at length were slowly parted, As she said these words to me in accents low, " I am sorry that to tell me, sir, you started Such wondrous information; you must know I really cannot listen any longer. Here comes across the room my husband, Dan I" I did not wait to make proposals stronger, For the lady loudly laughed behind her fan I J. STocxs AND H. J. W. FFOroD. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, farmed of the initial letters of other words.) Fotcndation Word. 11.--My primals show, if guessed aright, A bird known well by you, The witty knight, the dull, and bright, The many, and the few. Cross Word·s. For frst a fruit, dear riddlers, guess; 'Tis luscious you will all confess. Part of the human fraumo Next unto you will nane. A river's third, Of it you've heard. Fowrtl's cold, I'm told. Friends bold, Jiehold I MIy fifth will be A fish, you see. For sirIl please write me down A Grecian of renown. A month will surely be my last; And now my cross words all are passed. EHcrona
N-ARRATIVE DECAPICURTAILMENT. %;"v- onu iur arnd ides ierers irom a wore, leaving snoier word. expressed in the narrative.) 12.-The room was dark and gloomy, and no ray of light was there, Save from a flickering rushlight which evinced a sickly glare; Beside a worn-out table sat a fierce and swarthy man, Who now and then cast glances such as only villains can. His face was wild and haggard; he was reading from a book; At intervals from out a mug refreshing draughts he took; Dark passions lurked within him-one could trace it in his face- But, histl he springs up from his seat, and up and down does pace. "Ber-leed, ber.lood I" he mutters; "for Sir Marmalade must die, And then with Lady Alice to some other land I'll fly 1 But whilst my rival flourishes she cannot be my wife. Ha, ha I he dies to-morrowi Yea. I swear it on my life I" And raising high a carving-knife, used only to slice bread, He made as though to strike a foe, but took a drink instead. " That puts fresh life within me," said he, with a bitter frown, When finished with the mug; and then he gently laid it down. " What, shall I be defeated P Never by a mortal man; For while I live I'll never die-I'll prosper if I canl" Then from the empty pantry did he snatch a pistol there, And waved it high and low, and gurgled mouthily "Beware I Ha, hal my plots I lay fallwell. One moment in a aglen-- My pistol in my clutchers-a report-a fall-and then My victim will be food-ho, hol -for e'en the cats'-meat shop; For he'll be spinning suddenly, but minus of his top." Then from his waistcoat pocket he drew forth a little pin, And picked his teeth, and scratched his head. Then said he, "'Tis a sin That actors thus should learn their parts in three short nights and days!" And so, dear friends, you'll see 'tis but the language of the plays. RAEoEDS AND DxYDHOG. DECAPI.CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another word.) 13.-You are much mistaken, Sophie, You are wrong, and very wrong; What you hail as such a trophy Is an accident in song. And if I could write a strophe, Filled with threat'nings deep and dire, You'd be spoiled completely, Sophie, By the fury I'd inspire. What made you, and many others, Each make up next little mind That I wasn't of the brother's Who to scribbling are inclined P What's the reason, gentle conner, That you class me as a miss P I have ne'er been missed, 'pon honour, From the place first pleasure is. Is it true that you're a new one P Is it true that you are not ? Why do you in haste pursue one, Coming lately on the spot P And, too, you have been combining With another one to show That the fates are ever twining Threat'ning bonds round Ivanhoe. But I'll tell you this, O Sophie, 'Till you've told me what you are I will merely whisper "Oh, fie 1" You are too particular. Does it matter, I would ask you, If I hap to wear a mask, Even though the puzzle task you, Though in solver's sun you bask P IVANHOE, Belfast. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14.-Mists of the twilight creeping, Hiding the sunset's gold, Mem'ries o'er me last sweeping Of the dear lost days of old, And friends who are quietly sleeping, With their warm, true hearts grown cold. Out of the dusk come streaming Visions from some far shore; So in the dim light dreaming In fancy I gaze once more On faces of loved ones, beaming, As they did in the days of yore. Scenes from the past returning Set old wounds aching again, Rousing such useless yearuing- Such deep and regretful pain. For the days when hope's flame was burning, Alas I that it o'er should wane O shades of the twilight creeping Over the sky grown grey, O wind through the first trees sweeping, Mourning the vanished day, I see, through a mist of weeping, The visions fading away. Of the hopes that the fates would sever I'll gather each broken thread, And work with a firm endeavour, Though my happiest hours have fled; I'll brood o'er the bright past never, But look to the future instead I LILIAN DOUGLAS, Kennington. 15.-" Pray listen now, my darling wife," The dying husband said ; "Remember, when I've quit this life, The solemu vow you made. "So when I'm dead my body must Be first, or by my will You'll get no money, so you'll just Remain a widow still." That good wife did as she was told, And second soon was she; I'm sure she was not very old, Nor very young was he. MAGGIE CONcUER, Newcastle. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 16.-One-fourth of milk, One-fourth of silk, And then one.fifth of light; One-flfth of thorn, One-fourth of worn, And then one-fifth of night; These letters placed aright A poet will bring to sight. C. L. .GosToON, Londou. WORDS WITHIN WORDS. . 7.--Within the current - as it went He thrust an - - till his strength was spent. November mornings in my garden wralks - - saw blossoms - on their stalks. All may - smiles from her. Why not P " "alone describes her lot. T'y hard in coins to - him well, A - from a "bob" he cannot tell. "Far - than any queen," some cried, - - her claim to beanty still dened. I. MAsNNINo.
PECULIAR DOUBLE ACROSTIO. Foundation Words. 18.-The third line, read down, will form the name of a Church festival which occurs on Feb. 2. The fifth line, read in the same manner, will give another name for the same festival. Cross Words. Receives, or admits. Troubles, or vexes. Reverenced. Betting both ways. Raises on high. Exact, or stricr.. Ludicrous. One of the United States. Attended. Stuff. ing. Coloured pencils for drawing. Maxims.-J. DuNN. WORD TRIANGLE. (Each star represents a letter.) 19.- 1. " 2. * 4.* ** 5.* * * 5, * * * * * * 7.11. 9. * r 5 5 * * * 10. * * * r * 1. The ninth consonant. 2. A negative. 3. The god of the universe. 4. A number of persons associated for a particular purpose. 5. Title given to Mohammed's successors. 6. A figure in geometry. 7. Proceeding from, or attached to the side. 8. Low-styled and irregular verse. 9. Town in the province of Loon. Spain. 10. American poet, born 1807. 1. to 11. Author of " Keramos." H. A. G. ARITHSIIOREMS. (An acrostio. The letters of ori.t words that are LRoman numnorals expressed in rsUmres.) Foundation Word. 20.-Dear friends, you've no doubt noted In our " Tournament" so grand A knight who has promoted The chivalry of our band; Whosec efforts on these pages E'er command the highest praise, And long has charmed our sages With his merry, merry lays. Cross Words. 551 and near An island famous, all admit, For its inhabitants and wit 106 ,, cen In second, you will find, is named A city for its beauty famed. 201 ,, scah A warrior of old renowned, Whose doughty deed success e'er crowned. 500 ,, angy A play played on a London stage ; The papers say 'tis all the " rage." 150 ,, rushee A celebrated bard, whose quill, If ancient, is quite fluent still. 1,002 ,, potts A man whose views are thus ex- pressed: "Everything is for the best." 1,001 ,, re A title is the last, I ween; Reverse, now this in winter's seen. RuBERTo, Pimlico. Foundation Word. 21.-0 savage chief, although thy face be stern, Within thy heart doth noble impulse burn I Unselfish, brave, and true, thy heart of gold Ever protects the weak, and aids the old. Cross Words. 651 and nea A laud of ice and snow. 11u1 ,, russans His vanity him slaughters. 550 , og A metal we all know. 57 ., ao Oneof the"Vicar's"daughters. 1,501 ,, ane Arabia's land will show it. 1.000 ,, theasty A precious stone-you know it. 1,051 ,, serr Undaunted is their name, Aband well known to fame. DIANA R. O'D. ENIGMA. 22.-M-y furst is in plain, But not in lane; My second in aim, Though not in lame; My third is in slough. ;;ut not in plough; My fourth is in carp, But not in harp; My lifth is in earl, But not in curl; My last is in sole, But not in bowl. My whole is a constellation, Of piscatorial denomination. H. A. G. CONUNDRUMS. 23.-Oh, riddlers, who sweet lays have often sung With or with, ut piano, Toll your old friend Diana Why Dr. Tanner's like the human tongue. DIANA R. O'D. 24.-What is the difference between a fine shawl and filthy lucoreP--W. G. S.