Sr, OURNAIENT. NARRATIVE BETA-GRAIMS. the secnd letter of t wor4 to form aLnotheCr w ord, ex- pro sec ed in the narritive.1
.- This New Year brings us rain and snow, .nr movements through the streets to hamper, nd all is damup, yet you may know aal A furnace-damper. Wet is the water in the sea- The rivers are not one whit better; iat, odd as it may seem to be, There's one Lake Weotter. pny, be not angry, readers dear, i'ske not your rueful faces sadder, For, mad as you may all appear, SFome plants are madder. All ye who 'mong he great are found, And apo the graces of a waiter, Must oft have aden, complete and sound, A untmeg-grater. Light is the heart of bonnie .Jean, And light her love for this poor writer, Yet she and I have often seen An old lamp-lighter. No doubt I'm strange and awkward, yet You need not fear the slightest danger, For most young men sometimes have met A female stranger. No good young man that ever was But ladies sought to catch and fetter, And no good man b marriage has Been made a oettor. Bash is that youth tw o weds in haste Some dainty doll or dressy dasher, Though he may live, and mayue taste His bacon-rasher. P'IILO, Glasgow. I-Oh, we may live together yet In some remote and distant sphere; I only know that we have met When fortune's chill was less severe. I only know that thou canst love The bhand and heart most true to thee; That in the darkest hours will prove Its ardour by its constancy. I still can feel how true thou art, E'en thou--h hot tears to eyelids start, That wring deep passion from the heart; I still can love where'er thou art. 1live alone through cheerless hours, And think alone of former bliss, Of that dear dream that once was ours, it such a loveless world as this. H. Cox, Birkenhead. DECAPITATION. =trop the first letter of a word, leavina another word.) Sing oh, sing aye ! for the night-winds are blowing a sweet, playful gushes that freeze up the blood; gob, sing uye. for it's merrily snowing, d ile rnads are all covered with puddles of mud. Ili hat g ily soars to the regions celestial, " tn u, br:eoth of the sweet zephyrs carried away, retiru with ia quiver to mud.pools terrestrial- ng oh, for the night.winds, sing oh, sing aye! Sob, sing aye I for maidenly vanities. eE of the sorrows our first rulers bring; loudly your praises of beauty's insanities- r whistle them i" you're not able to sing. beauty's sweet graces were made to bewitch one, ud make both the future and present seem gay; s think most of the present (that's if it's a rich one), ing oh, for their wisdom, sing oh, sing aye ! oh, sing aye! let your voices ring cheerily, 'l1 the broad vaults of heaven re.echo your cheer; oh, sing aye ! both loudly and merrily, ug in the praise of our " Tournament" dear. queen and her ladies-oh, how can I laud them ! lie will for the deed kindly take, friends, I pray ; ghts Andrews and Wood, teach me how to applaud them, long load in their praises, sing oh, sine aye I J. KENNEDY, MIiddlesbrough. NAERATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. tra the first two letters frotm a word. leaving another word lxproessd in toe niarrative-) -All hail, most noble queen to thee, May all thy loyal knights adore thee, Houonr thy cause, uphold thy liberty, Defend thy right with noble fealty. Love, honour, virtue, fame, renown, lie ever thine most consoientious que.,, ; May beauty be thy well-deserved crown Of love, for all thy virtues we have se... I antut it glory to uphold thy right, To know the probity of one I serve; I count it my adleiiance as a knight To combat ere thy notice I deserve. *N lv that slow.rising city, Birkenhead, Send thee more knights for glory and renowsn; Strike arms for thee and form a circle dread, By battling long to gain the victor's crown. May our dear Ed.-a thoughtful man and leal-- Be proud of thine own genius this year; Still find our queen with equity and zeal Rule o Cr new knights that in the lists appear. LuccEIUS. NARRATIVE REVERSION. I.) wort Is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) -The riddling youth to the post has gone, At the letterbox you'll find him; lis father's coat he has buttoned on,. , The tails are fiutt'ring behind him. "Land of cons. I" cried the riddling bard, "Will they accept, I wonder?" lie knew not that in every one Was a most absurd blunder. TIe riddler fell ! and he felt some pain, But his proud heart never owned it ; )lie hat he could not wear again, For a small boy came and boned it. "1'll murder thee ! cried the angry b:rd, upon his feet soon springing; let it was no use, the boy had gone- In the next street he was singing. Tan, Manchester. REVERSION. 'Ivword which read backward forms another word.) 6.~Ignatius says that Shakespeare's plays Were not by Shakespeare written, Ad F~ame stands by with tearful eye 'o give poor Will the mitten. Eat is't it hard old England's bardt ndl his plays to damn , 'r Dnunelly's sake ? The deuce then take Him and his dryptogram I I'mnserin? · b Well, a natural burst To angeb be itroeckolbed ; o see Will Shakespeare made afir.t, One cann hel' Gbun oLdarL. e " - G, Lus, Lapi 'tnsl:i~e,
*MET AGRAMS. (Change the first letter oeta word to form another w,,r.l., 7.-We're two little "Tourney" maids, true little "Tourney" maids, Yearning to gain a reward . Gazing demnurt and staid, awed by the skill displayed Oft by each " Tournament" bard. Their jokes that first laughter-to ring throigh each rafter, Their wit and their talented grace, Their ditties, love-laden, to myth and to maiden, Each seeming a serious case; Their shouts of defiance 'gainst'visionary giants -Upholding the " Tournament's " prido; Their merry harps ringing, and sweet voices smging, While fighting for fame side by side. Then list to two "Tourney" maids, tried and true "Tourney" maids, Fear we for ever discard I Standing denure and staid, dauntless and undismayed, Yearning to gain our reward ! Now we little "Tourney" maids,'frank and free "Tour. ney" maids, Wish for our dearly loved page Jokes of the wittiest, rhymes of the prettiest., From each clever riddling sage. Be it our joyful boast, none shall desert their post, Nor sext in the struggle for fame; For it fills us with glee when each week we see Full many a widely.known name. We will applaud. and the brave efforts laudl Oi the kuights who so valiantly fight, And strive hard to ornament our merry "Tourna. ment" And make it a source of delight. So list to two " Tourney" mai-ls, two little " Tourney" maids, Striving-to spur on each bhard; If we succeed, we shall think that indeed We have gained our longed-for reward. MARION AND QuEESIE. 8.-I doff my helm to each and all The riddlers here engaging, And mean to join the mimic strife I see around me raging. I'm glad, dear Ed., to witness still Existing in your pages A remnant of the mighty past, The dead, but deathless, ages. But where, you ask, is Front de BDnuf, And Richard, famed in story, And Ivanhoe, and all the rest Who carved their way to glory? And where is Queen Berengerai And Edith kind, and Lena- The fair Jewess Rebecca, and The Saxon maid Rowena ? That Front de Bind is very dead Historic records show, sir, But with us yet to first for next Is gallant Ivanhoe, sir. Rowena and Rebecca both Have gone the silent journey, But ladies peerless to the third Still look upon the "Tourney." We'll do our best to win the smiles, We'll show no craven fear, And the age of chivalry, though dead, Shall live in memory here. G. LEE. 3.-My first is right before your eye- Can't find it ? Don't be vexed, But try again, and then chauge head, And you'll cut a lively next. E. lonRGE, London. NARRATIVE 1META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first awl last lettere of a word to form another word expreshe itn ho narrative.) 10.-I'faith, I'm a "choilt" very fond of wee children, Their innocent merriment pleases me much; Oh, the joy that they give me is simply bewild'rin'. And props one, when spiritless, like an old crutch. 'Tie jewels they are of the rarest rare water, The brightness, the beauty and soul of the home; The freak-loving son and the sunny-faced daughter Are each of sweet comfort a big, honest crumb. Their laughter and shouts, unaffected and hearty, Chase out of the breast half the trouble that soears- By fires worth the fanning ! I'll ne'er be a party To clouding the face of their innocent years. Oh, where is the home that is perfect without heim ? What flowers do not brighten wherever they smile? Of g:oom thecquintessence takesflight in their presence, On Life's troubled waters 'tis like pouring oil. Let all of their beams be basked in to the fullest By hearts that of gladness have little to boast; And hear me, ye saddest, and join me, ye dullest, In this my tribute in the shape of a toast. Here's to the homestead's young hearts and fresh faces, The consciences knowing yet nothing of guilt; To all oar own roses steep " all of your noses" In th' cup ye are drinking from "up to the hilt!" V. D. TAILOR, Warrington. META.OMEGRAfd. (Chnnee the first and last letters of a word to form'another word.) 11.-Who looks a very dude complete, Attired in suit of check so neat, When strutting up and down the street ? The masher! Who smokes a penny cigarette, And often seems to quite forget The pleasant rules of etiquette ? The masher I Who first a collar very high, A shapely hat, a shapely tie, And doesn't think he looks a guy ? The masher I Who gives himself a sniggering air, And thinks it only right to stare At every passing maiden fair ?. The masher I Who to the cafd oft will go, His diamond rings and clothes to show, And calls out for t: "small cocoa-" ? The masher! Whose next is light the livelong day, Likewise his pockiets, I may say, And all his bills forgets to pay? S The masher! WVE.WEE AND FAHl. CHARADES. Sl'ormred on a word &ech syllable o1 wlol ii w, orrt,. 12.-My first, a kind of shrub or tree, In park or garden you will see. Mly ncet is what some people shun To own, but cannot be undone. And lest a kind of texture used lly fishers; ofi it gets confused. I~y winole, a line of valiant kings, Who in their reigns did famous things. CA~OLrus A. HoLLowAY. 13.--The seaman views my rest with delight; ' A hiped is my scond; Thilrd we drank but, yesto'ight, - And yo!u as fo'thl Itrvo~ireck.ued. From 'y iichole will Qluickly s:ring Something ete-d fort'ravelling. - r Wi CA, apuscBel.
..NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The Aiat letter of a word is changed, to form another worl In the narrative.) 14.-I orave attention, Juan; I've a bone to pick with you (In fact, it seems the only thing that I can find to do!). But, really, you have hurled such impuutations at my head, That you have made my girlish heart as heavy, sir, as lead. \Iy friends say various things of me, which I will try to name, Some. any, "Ah, no, you'll never win the slightest smile of Fame I" Others, " Oh, Nell, you are so rude !" or else, " Oh, do be quiet; I never knew a girl to raise up such a dreadful riot I" Some of them say I'm "ignorant," others, that I'm "all flun." Some that I've "got too much to say," or "Nell, that dreadful tongue Is always wagging-do keep stilll" and such.like on the list, But your imputation made me start with fiercely-doubled fist! For in the Number 894, oh, read it with a tear, You dared to say that I-yes, I! was stricken, sir, with fear! Oh, Juan ! what a fearful wrong you did to me that day I The bold audacity of it quite took my breath away; For out of all the horrors in this world of ours, sir 'knight, There's cnly one thing which succeeds in filling me with fr:ght. " And what is that P" perhaps you'll ask; well, I this answer make, A flash of summer lightning has the power to make me shake ; And though it is a foolish thing, no doubt, for me to own, Vet nothing else but that can make me tremble when alone. The knights and ladies in the " T." might fight like fury, and Yourself against my trusty lance might take a valiant stand, But that would fail, and signally, to fill my soul with fear, For I should rather stir you on with ringing laugh and cheer. Again, Sir H. A. Taylor was the champion you chose Some time ago to die for me and vanquish all mny fees. And now you say that Luccieus protects me from each thrust! ('h, Juan, you will humble my proud spirit to the dust! However. I forrive you with a warning-don't appear And make imputation that I am stricken down with fear, Because you make a grand mistake when you that charge imply,. Since the only thing this maiden dreads is lightning in the lky ! NELLIE WATSOn, Cheshunt. 15.-For weeks before Yuletide arrived I had waited With a heart fill of pleasure and " muchly elated," And when it did some, I with joy cut a caper, For it brought with its presents our dear Yo:ng Folks Paper. All the tales iero A 1, and the poems and stories Were crowned with each author's most wonderful glories. I read the Ed.'s moas:s ge, and loudly applauded Its kindness, for pleasure to all it afforded. And keenest enjoyment was ever before me, Until I first noticed our gallant old " Tourney." My happiness fled, and delight quickly vanished, And pleasurable thoughts were regretfully banished; And a gloom, dark as night, soon enveloped our ilades, For 'mid all male names there were only two ladies! Mr. Stocks, V. D. Taylor, J. Drenon, Deo Bear, and F. Morley, A. Dykes, Archer B. too, were there, and J. Marshall. F. Webb, and a great many others, All honoured and chivalrous "Tournament" brothers; But only Miss Amy, so merry and pleaRaut, Together with Miss Nellie Watson, of Choshunt, Of the ladies, appeared in " Young FoUls Christmas Number," And I just wish to fathom this horrible blunder ! Pray, where was Miss Taylor, whose verses so thrilling I'm only too happy to read, and too willing ? And where was Miss Quneenie, so wondrously clever ? When I saw she was absent, I muttered, " No! never Have I seen the ' Tourney' by ladies deserted!" And then to MIiss Campthorne my thoughts were diverted. Oh! where was Teresa, and Carrie, so charming ? Their absence to me, was a matter alarming. And where was Miss Russell and sweet Amy Denny? And Violet Davies, and others, so many ? I wept in mny sorrow, and groaned in my anguish, And thus, in despair, do I loiter and languish. I suppose all the ladies were makiug nice pastry, Plum-puddings, iced cakes, and mince-pies, sweet and tasty, And that was the reason the " T." was unheeded; liBut if I had known it, ah ! I would have pleaded In accents of coaxi g for their welcome verses, Which young folks esteem as the greatest of mercies. However, I doubt not bat what they were jolly, Receiving fond kisses be'teath-woll, the holly ! And I trust their delight was the best and the brightest, And that their young hearts wrer the gayest and lightest. I hope, too, they'll banish fromu me every sadness, And fill us, next Christmas, with pleasure and glaidncss. E'urPHISTOPHELIrs S, Hades. 16.-Alas! what an age of surprises we live ina! Alas! what brutalities fligure as " ports !" Heizho for the "wise ones" of bettiug and prize un's, 'Mont folks of all humours, conditions, and sorts. We claim that 'tis human to err, and our errors, When th' heart meaneth well, are but trivial and light ; But what's the exouse for the latest of terrors- The "settled." arranged, and most "bus'ness-like fight ?" I never would utter one word to discourage The art truly noble of pure self.defence; Yet, would I endeavour to banish for ever The bullies who barter their bragging for peoce I These fellows, no doubt, have a big, brawny muscle, With rules that are simply "observed in the brech ;" But some of our lads would get th' best of a " tussle "- Some quiet ones who brag not-who really can teach. What sport can there be in a "compact" to mangle, To maim and disfigure, and even to kill? What fairne.s, where all is confusion and wrangle, When two rounht belabour till one has his fill? Some " high lumina.ries" (by right of their tiloe ), But really enthusiasts, cranky and wesk, "Tescend" to support-patrbnize with the " vital "- The clique whoso "profession's" 'to punch at the beakI How smanly to spar. to attack and to parry, When the oljectis Right and the victor is Miuht, ! But tuheso moonlight mongrels oft rove " regions starry," And gain th' scenes of actiou by th' aid of the night. Oh, fineo pugilistic! Oh, fisticuff-trading! I pray that your planet may waver and wane, Andr as for the men who are th' "satellite.aiding "- Ah, well, 'tis a craze, and he weakness is brain. 'Whilst "nations persist in preparing and armi II for wars, that in truth seem as distant as o'er," 'Tis meet that some brutes should th' exampli be farm-. ing . On pratical scalesin our vanity fair ! Vx0oLr DAvss AND V. D. TAYLCos. ENIGMA. (Find buried namn of a " Toerney" contributor.) 17.-Of jokes by the knighlts of the " Tournlley" And ladies there a greatg many; To Ireland, with Yoe , Fellts, I journey, For elsawligya I cauunotfind any. .. . Cox, Birkepbe,4.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop the first and last letter from a word chosen, leaving another word expressed in the narraIive.- 18.-The summer has gone, and the season's appeared When winter's bright company all should enjoy- When the world shoula be dressed in white raiments weird, And the ice and its pleasure our spare time employ; For the frost should be hard, and it's hard it is not; The sky should be blue, but it's quite the reverse; And search the whole country, there's hardly a spot Where King Fog will you in his depths not immerse. Down, down comes the rain with a rush and a splash, And the streets are a slop of the muddiest mud, Where pedestrians hurry, and scurry, and dash O'er the crossing-safe passages through the dark flood. Every one is unpleasant, and soaking, and tired, And backbite poor winter in tones harsh and deep ; And I'm sure if these facts to the king could be wired, He'd make haste to come to us refreshed from his sleep. We were skating this time but a short year ago, And enjoying ourselves to the height of our bent, With.tho earth a fine lodging for ice and for snow, And Bvcrywhere faces were glad and content. With the fogs sent abroad, and advised there to stay; The sun and the moon weren't ashamed to be seen; For the sky clear and blue, with all clouds far away, And the air blowing fresh gave us happiness keen. So, winter, I hope you will come before long, Or spring will be shoving you out of the way; And it does not seem amiable, not to say wrong, For the young to be speeding the old to ducay. There's no time to be lost-if you're coming, come now, And give what we ought to have had long ago; Aud we'll place the old year's crown upon your sage brow, Greeting you as the monarch ere yet you lie low. IvAnsHOs, Belfast. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 10.-The snow's stainless garment has hidden the ground; Wherever we gaze there is readily found A scene that is barren and cheerless. Bnt liston I there's borne on the keen, frosty air A sound of gay laughter, devoid quite of care; And promptly, before we are hardly aware, We stand by the ice's firm surface, and there We fled skaters youthful and fearless. How quickly and simply they race to and fro, Their faces suffused with a fresh, healthy glow, .And striving to outdo each other ! The ring of the skates is quite pleasant to hear, As also rich laughter with freedom from fear. With sharp, frosty weather so bracing and clear, Sonime people might wish that this part of the year Would ne'er be usurped by another. Cross Words. A riddling bard whose verses were oft seen within the ~ .," But who has now been absent long, as you'll perchance agree. I'm positive that if you try At once you will surely detcry The name of a common dark dye. A foeman this who landed on our coast, And fought against and beat the Saxon host. " Yer ourth the birds ain't lively, an' Alive yer long can't keep 'um I Why, bless yer 'eart, they're only tired An' want ter go ter sleep, mum." With what neat looks they watch the helpless bark Being hurried on towards what seems its doom, Just visible amidst the deep'ning gloom, And pray that it may miss the fatal mark I You'll trace here, no doubt, with rapidity One whose stories we read with avidity. J. STOCKS, Southwark. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters iu a word to forlnanother wori.l 20.-- shows a glowing, gaudy front, And hides a pallor wan, And lady coy, as maiden wont, Hides it behind her fan. The grim seythe.bearer's steady sweep Of sad decay and care, With strengthened arm at bay I heep', And blushes' honours share. From stern, relentless Justice I, The second, aye must flee; No pity, mercy, I descry, You all seem foes to me. I look for safety everywhere In vain, on every hand, But not one soul for me does care, No friend can I command.. R. L. JassnsoN, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. RChange the lart two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 21.-I reached the gate, and, vaulting o'er, Safe on the other side alighted- My sweetheart dear I'd see once more. I reached the gate. and, vaulting o'er, I heard her father's mastiff roar, As after me it came excited. I reached the gate, and, vaulting o'er, Safe on the other side alighted. D. MORRIS, Glasgow. CURTAILMENT. I Drop the ilnal letter o a word. leaving another word.) 22.-A tasty kind of fish-oh, yes- Just drop its final letter, And bright warm friend you'll have, I guess- For warmth you'd not find better. J. W. SEW ELL.