RJDDBE TOURNAMENT. BETAG]EAM -
(ans the second letter c a word to form another word. (Chne 1.-T. WIND Thoughtt l maiden, gazing over the sea, What so gdoth the ocean sing to thee ? What mavellous secret bring to thee? Dh the saucy wavelets that kiss thy feet Do the f are and glittering store h. bid on the ocean floor Do the Nereids, chanting wild and sweet Of the jewelled grots where the fairies meet, POf at thee through the crispy foam, And first thee down to their mystic home? th the ocean charm thee with such? A, nay; For thy gaze s fixed on the far away. That it bringeth thee tidings I know full well By the earnest depths of those violet eyes, aid the deep expression that in them lies; Whateve it be, I pray thee tell What song doth the ocean sing to thee, 0 dreamY maiden, gazing over the sea. THE MAIDEN: ystic music, wasted upon the spray, Yo-ldst know the message the waves convey drom a grave 'midst a thousand graves, away On a glittering coastin a southern clime, Where the grasses are mingled in beauty rare, And the flow'rets are something beyond compare; where the voices of Dryads and Notus rhyme, And birds in aclamorous chorus chime; Where somebody lies in a last long sleep, And somebody's heart is buried deep ? Yet Amphitrite, with her royal throng, Rave tuned their nexts to a hopeful song Of the silvery lining beneath the cloud, When the struggle and strife are past and o'er, And vows are renewed on a golden shore, AWhile the harpists of heaven shall play aloud. yes, that is the message the waves convey, Omlytic music, wasted upon the spray. THE WeIND: 'Ihoughtful maiden, strongly must I pretest, So cast your woe on the ocean's crest, And bid your sorrowing heart take rest, And list to the music I sing instead. I havetravelled beyond the distant land Where the wavelets plash on the shining sand, And I come from the one thou hast mourned as dead; So heed not the words which the sea hath said, For he urged my returning, and whispered sweet of a glorious day that will dawn complete, When the labour is o'er and his steps are free, For he wearily yearns for his home and thee. So s anish the visions that make thee sad, For the sea and its final are things of the past, And joy is established for ever at last. So dream the bright dreams that will make thee glad, And whisper adieu to the care and pain, 0 dreamy maiden, gazing across the main. MARlION AND AMY. ANAGRAMS ON FISH. %2-When Milhe goes, turn round and talk to me, And see bow very jolly we can be. The girls are in the nursery, and Fred Is in the stable with his cousin Ned. Now, George, don't let your cap lie on the floor, But hang it on the peg behind the door. I dipped my boot in water, and it got So wet that it has now began to rot. Mly t its get very, very dirty here, And I shall have to move them hence, I fear. lIy pearl and ruby ring, I grieve to say, Was lost, my dear, in coming home to-day. Yes, gin with shrub is very nice, no doubt; But I drink naught but water when I'm out. Oh, Teom; blue suits me best, I'm very sure; That horrid green I really can't endure. W. D. PICKERING, Southwark. NARRATIVE DECAP.ITATIONS. (Drop the flrse letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 3.-The appeals made to some absent bards I see are not in vain, And poets' names of great renown are cropping up again; Our dear old Ed. now need not ask the absent to return- We have a host of poets who with great ambition burn. ered Coulson rushes to the fore with happy, smiling face, A golden pen clasped in his hand-bows low with knightly price; Bis songs of flood and field ring out, and echo back again, iihtale unvarnished he tells you in words both blunt and plain. td Fred G. Webb, I sing to you, and hope you're not offended ; Tese lines 1 dedicate to you--all friendship is intended; Prom the" Tourney's" ranks I trust that you will never , have to sever 1hdi hope the laurels of success attend your efforts ever. Barnett de Bear (or Bernard-which ?), how long have we been waiting To see a con. which bears your name !-perhaps you've been beas.baiting ? D. Gow does fill our Holmes with joy, with verse so pure and grand; Though he may live near Gower-street, he's famous through the laud. Then Pickering and Marshall, too, their cons. we love to sees. But don't, dear boys, quote Latin, for it nearly settled And new I must conclude my verse, and quickly get me gone; oI please read o'er this little con. from 4.-ePe R. L. JEFFERSoN, e patiently sat in the room, Awaiting his charming flancde, When the servant came in with a broom, And he asked, " Will Matilda be long, say " see," she replied, looking red, And departed, but quickly re-enteyed, ,ooking sad, and he fearfully said, SWhere is she on whom my love is centred ?" Sfear much that she is not well; She's in the next room, sir, and crying I" Re fled as in war does a shell, And the room quickly went, with a sigh, in. SStarted--her optics were red I Oh, love, why that tear downward stealing P Se blushingly turned round, and said, "Is the onions, my eneao., I've been peeling I" T. Roysrov, Birmingham. u ' ROTATION CHANGE. Ceante theletters of a word in succession to form other words,) 5.'While coming home, the otber night, lKy sister first got a great fright. Farewell, dear next where'er I roam, I'll ne'er forget the old, old home. You're really very hard to please; There is no thid now, in your cheese. How far is it ? About three fourth; You now mUst'tritel towards the north, This last is very nice;- we must D rinl of some more to quench our thirst. W7.. F, NOLaN, Olonmel.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 6.-Abinadab Sprat was the thinnest of youths, 1i His frame was as slender as thread ; Where'er he appeared pure astonishment reigned A That Sprat could be living--ot dead. A One day it was found that the skeleton lad With toothache was groaning with pain; T His cheeks were so swollen that each seemed prepared To burst 'neath the terrible strain. A Physicians were sent for in wonderful haste, But, soon though the pain was relieved, No art could reduce the great size of his cheeks; ' And his anguish can scarce be conceived When he found that his features grew wider each day, While (strange to relate, though it's true), Sprat's body and limbs shrank away just as fast As the size of his " cocoanut" grew. When first weary years had passed over his " head," No sign of his body remained; A His limbs had all vanished for ever from sight, And his head the bare pavement sustained; In short, he was changed next a capital ball, And, often though begged to desist, The pleasure of playing at "catch" with his head His relatives ne'er could resist. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. I 7.-What a first to be reminded Life is but an empty dream ! By prejudice I am not blinded, Yet things are not what they seem. 7 That fresh air is good, emphatic- 'Ly, the doctors often say: But why does a gust, err-hat.ic, Want to blow my hat away? Ah, me I 'tis sad that after climbing, Spending thus a bad half-hour, Next and hands with dirt begriming- Sad to find the apples sour. I thought, when I went to angle, Fishing in an empty stream, Getting hook and I in tangle, Life was but an empty dream. T. CARPENTER. ACROST ICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-When thou wert young, a goddess sought The shadow of thy leafy grove; The choicest gifts of love she brought, And, pleading, won the crown above- The crown that wins the hollow praise The world unto the sage decrees; The crown that gives in wisdom's ways The key to ancient mysteries. Cross Words. The smiling month that crowns the year, When nature's fairest blooms appear. A fleeting breath from heaven blown; The future's page is all its own. Submit thy soul to reason's sway, And drive this spirit far away. Hallowed the fane where throbbing keys Awake the subtle harmonies. The mystic power that rules mankind, Though often 'tis like fortune, blind. Of all the hours by Phambus led, The sweetest this when day has fled. E. A. CRo0AR. Foundation Word. 9.-Yes, pass him by-he has no part with you, O cold, remorseless, stony-hearted crew; Your broadcloth does not match with his poor rags, His empty stomach with your money-bags. But, still, there's kindly hearts that feel a glow For these poor little fellows here below, Whose friendly hands are stretched to help and save Their forms from poverty's devouring wave, And to the world oft add a blossom fair That would have perished but for friendly care. Cross Words. A privateer, world-famous in her day. Though for her freaks old England had to pay. The Afghans' blades she finds are sharp and keen, But British swords must yet be felt and seen. With mirthful shrieks he springs from tree to tree, And mimics all his cunning eyes can see. As bold a heart as ever rode the wave To conquer foe or free the fettered slave. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. F undation Words. 10.-Come, all ye riddling bards, and sing your lays To one whose riddles well deserve our praise; Right good they are, and when we've read the same, We'll say he's worthy of a riddler's name. Cross Words. At early first of day I chanced to stray Down by the green lanes' blossom-scented way. I gazed with longing eyes, as in a dream, Upon the ever-murmuring second stream. I love to stand and listen to the sound Third singingibirds that in the woods abound. The battle last, the soldiers loudly cheer; For now they know the time of peace draws near. J.. G. NraCOLLs, Milton. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 11.-In the merry month of May, Quite a party, bright and gay, Went to have a picnic in the Carse of Gow-rie, To a place known as Kinfauns, Noted for its verdant lawns, And its hills and dales, and fertile meadows flow'ry. Effie Cunningham was there, Lily Hogg, with gow-den hair, Jess Buchanan, Mary Jarvis, and some others; Rowley Murray, Aleck Brown, Little Bowie from the town, And a batch of interesting little brothers. What a day of fun they spent I Kind old Sal his brightness lent, And all nature looked most beautiful and charming; Swiftly flewthe pleasant hours, As they raced among the flow'rs, Gathering goic-ans, too, in numbers most alarming. When they reached the town that night, Naught had firsted their delight, Save, perhaps, a last that butted Mr. Bowie, Who had drawn an awful knife, And then nobly risked his life When he saw it rush headlong at dear Miss Cowie. PHILO, ART'VTIOETR1M
(An acrostio. Thele ti .'q.'ta ross words that are Roman n umerals S tPressed in ilaures.) Foundation Word. 12.--Like metry echoes ringing, Or bells at eventide, Riddlers are totals singing Around on ev'ry side. SCrss Words. 155 and aray In ev'ry army seen, With lances long and keen. 201 ,, asoon As sure as "'pray' rhymes with "delay," Upon this next L cannot stay. 101 ,, hen' In fame to gain 'athird Is rather hard, I've heard. 151 ,, tryst -Still;,final keeping to my task, I yet may 'neath Dame Fortune bask.~
DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen. leaving another word) 13.-Have any of our riddling heroes seen a grand bazaar P If not, we hope they never will, for such inventions are A misery to all concerned-at least, they are if all Are like the next at which, last week, we chanced to make a call. The entrance fee was half a crown-this left us ninepence each-- And, first inside, a pretty stall we had the luck to reach; Forthwith a charming maiden with a monstrous doll drew near, And smilingly requested us to buy the "little dear." When asked the price, to our surprise, the pretty maiden said, "Five shillings, if you please, good sirs-it has a patent head." We bolted off in horror-flew across the crowded floor- And never stopped till some one cragged us through a spacious door; A glance inside we gave, then fell half-senseless on a seat. "Five shillings here to view the monkey minus hands and feet 1" When half-recovered from the shock, we started for the gate, But soon found out we stood no chance of fleeing from our fate; For some dark spirit called us back, and when we asked him " Why ?" " I'm sure this little tortoise-shell you gentlemen will buy. The price is only seven.and-six, and that, kind sirs, you'll own, Is very, very moderate; just look-'tis hard as stone !" "No, thanks," said we; "although so good, we cannot buy to-day." And off the man in anger went, while we, in blank dismay, Searched everywhere 'twas possible to find the " exit" door, Without success, for we were 'prisoned on that horrid floor. We waited till 'twas over-oh, those hours of misery !- And were not sorry then to make our way straight home to tea. Dear friends, if o'er to visit such a place you are so rash, We hope you'll not forget, you know, to take a little cash. WEBB AND HODGES. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 14.-I picture thee upon the lea, Beside the blooming flowers, Ere yet the first hath waned to.night, In cool sweet evening hours. Henceforth wert thou my only light, As sunbeams bright and gay; And day began, or next fell, when Thou cam'st or went away. Thy memory is sad, as sweet, And past are happy hours ; Yet still I love to picture thee, As then, 'mid blooming flowers. Perhaps thou wert not all I thought, When first I saw thy face; And that is why my fancy loves Again that scene to trace. And oft, and oft, upon the lea, I've seen thee stand serene; And in my dreams, still standing there, I've hailed thee, Beauty's Queen I J. W. TAYLOR, Middlesborough. 15.-In a first a ship is anchored, in the middle of a second, Which could not have an existence, should my third be in my first; Armed is she with grinning cannon-sure her men for fourth have reckoned P Shoul' ,n fifth their fierce foe come near, "Fourth for sixth I" the cry shall burst From their throats. (That line was limping.) But 'tis sixth I say no more, Lest all second I do haunt thee, making thee for third loud roar. TRorHnoeas. CHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh syllable of which Is a word.) 16.-Cook gave to Guy A fine mince pie, Upon the sole condition That half he gave To brother Dave, Divided with precision. In half he out The pastry, but Young Dave was discontented i A quarrel rose. They came to blows- Her kindness cook repented. Oh, naughty Dave, Thus to behave 1 With impudence infinite, First second bad, This greedy lad Third both halves in a minute. My puzzle's done, So, boys, each one, If you would vice's track shun, Yourselves control, And scorn my whole To be, in word or action. J. A. MARSmALL, Kennington. 17.-On your hands my first is seen, And ships are made of second ; My whole a little Hampshire town, If I have rightly reckoned. A. DTExa.