RIDDLE TOUIa NAME NT.
1.-The apple tree slender, unknotted, and tall, Had primals far up in the sky, And through the bright leafage each roseate ball Looked sweetly, enticingly shy. Our Tommy shinned up the delectable track- Shinned up-till he forcibly sat On-well, on the base of his plump little back- How was that ? The apple tree merrily danced at the fun, In a state of felicitous joy; The succulent morsels appeared every one To last at the prostrated boy. But a pitying monster in charity fell- Fell crash on his covering hnt! Extorting from Tommy a terrible yell- How was that ? To the north of the tree there luxuriant grew A field of the softest of grass; On the south there existed-lugubrious view !- A ditchful of nettles, alas ! By a contrary rule that's acknowledged and known, Tom reeled from the graminous plat. And into the latter collapsed with a groan- How was that ? In the sharpest and strongest of Urtica's growth He writhed in an exquisite woe, But tie height of misfortune was reached when they both (The apple and Tom) went befowr. For 'neath the dark ambush of sentinel spikes Was the home of the bull-frog and gnat, And the sink at this point was the deepest in dykes- How was that ? NOE NAIME. ROTATION CHANGE. 2.-A lea on to King Cetewayo we taught, Then brought him to England our country to see; And, no doubt, we'll do ditto third Arabi's caught. But, queerest of all, we're about to import A first millions or so of the " Heathen Chinee!" And all our young folks, I am certain, will hail This almond.eyed stranger with rapture and glee ; They will laugh at his English and pull his pig-tail, And, in fact, make him welcome, though other folks rail - As, no doubt, they will rail-at the Heathen Chinee. The Heathen Chinee is a hardy young man, Sixteen hours ev'ry day he will work willingly ; He curtails his expenses as much as he can- Spending sixpence for victuals each day is his plau- Oh, a model of thrift is the Heathen Chinee! He will work in our houses and shops. I surmise ; In office and store a next w 'rkman he'll be; He'll be footman, groom, butler, and waiter likewise; And twenty years hence we may view with surprise In some dignified p'licemau-a Heathen Chinee ! He is clever, discerning, and shrewd, be it said, And the fourth distant future will probably see Every week by some "Heathen" our " Tournament " led, And, as tear-drops of anguish and sorrow they shed, Each riddler " confounding" the Heathen Chinee ! G. Tnor. METAGRAM. 3.-Bards are numerous and clever, Yet they might rhyme on for ever, And unable still would he to Write in unaffected flow First a verse as this. (You'll see two Others better still below.) Yes; though they might write of beauty, Or indite an ode on " Duty," Pastorals, or verses martial, Which might with next fervour glow, None could beat (I'm most impartial) That fine, thoughtful verse below. Why am I thus underrated ? Always unappreciated I For suspicion tells me, sir, you Do not dote with frantic love On this verse. So I'll refer you To those stanzas just above. W. .T. SIrsahnA. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (A JACK TAR'S YARN.) 4.-It was in the first of Benin, Becalmed our good chip lay, And never a next had been in Our parched lips that day. "D'ye see that shark," says Bo'sun Ben, " A sailin' round our bark ? I'll bait a line wi' pork, and then With him I'll have a lark!" The baited hook's cast in the sea, And bolted by the fiend; Then all hands hauled him to the lee Of the ship as she careened. As tug o' war now us perplexed, The line-now slack, now taut- Laid loose around, and in the next Of it Ben's foot got caught. A sudden jerk,a plunge and shout, And overboard goes Ben- Pulled by the shark-line running out 0' the hands of all us men. So Ben met death down in the sea. 'Cause why ?-he couldn't swim, Or sharkie made one last of he, And had a lark with him. CONUNDRUM. ROBERT.S, 5.-" Mamma, I've a riddle," said young Bobby Biddle, " And to give me its answer I hope you will try : Please, tell, I entreat, when water is meat ?" And the answer he learnt in his mother's reply. HORACE W., Brighton. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 6.-If we want to gain success, Primals we should all possess; Every task we undertake Primals will it lighter make. And although but very few Do possess it, yet, 'tis true, You and I should owners be Of this mighty quality. Gross Words. In my first, I do believe You a tree will sure perceive. Very often I do this, Which is very wrong, I wis. Now a pretty little bird You must also see in third. And its fourth I like to hear Falling sweetly on my ear. This is counted very good; 'Tis a fishy sort of food. And if e'er you number six, You are surely in a fix. At my next I never write, For l'm always in a fright. So I never can have eight, Which I'm very sad to state. But I'm sure, if I had nine, 'Twould improve this verse of mine. This a fruit of common kind, Sure will bring before your mind. And a fish most people eat Is eleven. Oh, how sweet! And a part of you and me In my last you'll plainly see. R. Mo'rrooar.aY. CENTRAL DELETION. 7.--A movement first will bring to sight; Two centrcs please erase; Then what at night Does give forth light j Appears soon in its place. F. T. RIDLar,
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 8.-Long years ago, in Windsor's favoured bounds, A hunter lived, and Herne was his cognomen; And with such skill he'd hunt and train his hounds. That friends from envy soon became his foemen; Besides, his skill found-favour wit I the king, Who Herne advanced, and to him gave a ring. And then malicious colleagues plot and plan To steal his ring and bring him to disgrace ; And with success, for Herne, unhappy man ! No more was seen to figure in the chase- No more his merry shout in forest rang, For, tired of life, he soon himself did hang. But, ah ! that troubled spirit could not sleep. Aad many were they who beheld his ghost On his black steed, which swift along would sweep, With spectre stag and phantom hounds a host; He had two branching antlers on his head, And rattling chains-at least, it so was said. D. G. HOLMEs. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 9.-Grand and immortal, O primals, wert thou, With reverent feelings we mention thee now: Thy name bath been trumpeted over the land. Connected with phrases and quotations grand. Thy works are sublime, too, my finals among them; Laudatory praises, each country hath sung them ; lone ever could follow thee through Thalia's portal, Thou heaven-born genius, grand and immortal ! Cross Words. I don't know if it was a poor or rich bourne From whence came fat and famous Roger Tichborne. I wish to make these couplets very terse, all; So merely say this metal's universal. Poor, wand'ring urchin crying for his " muvver ;" His wails betray how dearly he does love her. The coiling ropes descend upon his neck, 'nd He's fairly caught in less than half a second. Not much renowned for wit and hospitality; His wild war-whoop betrays his nationality. To lose your specs., your money, or your scissors. Would make you lose your temper, and be this, sire. Oh, often will the infant still his rattle, And lisp this word among his childish prattle. One girl will see another with new bonnet, And, nose up-tilted, pass, nor look upon it. Without it we could never give a rap at all, Or write a single letter, small or capital. The great Grimaldi was a perfect " cure;" he Many times performed this at old Drury. To do this is a crime, and I have heard a Great judge denounce it as a sin-a murder. A blot, by Jingo! on this page; now see me With rubber make the sheet again quite creamy. The audience is still, while one sweet triller Pours forth in blissful song the thoughts which fill her. Yes, though he now is huge, that dog of mine, he Was when I first saw him very tiny. I think, my friends, that I quite right this to call A puzzle both ingenious and mystical. " Stop thief !" they loudly screech, and swiftly " foller " him ; He falls, and bobbies quickly catch and collar him. I am a this. and don't want to deny it; I\ heno'er I make a statement I stand by it. This is too much-in fact, an overweight, sir. But here I'll end; 'tis growing rather late, sir. BARNETT DE BEAR. BETAGRAM. 10.-Go forth, my betagram, and call With clam'rous tongue for prompt attention From Young Folks' riddlers, one and all, And then your parts you'll clearly mention. You'll say your first's a kind of nail; You'll say your second means to scatter; You'll beg them find them without fail, And if they don't it will not matter. You'll say an animal is third; And when you've come this part to tell, 'ou've but to add one little word, And that is (bowing low), farewell. DIANA, Cork. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 11.-- am the Storm King. I laugh loud with glee, As quick from my wrath puny mortals all dee; I but stretch forth my hand, and throughout all the laud My power is felt by you all. Ha! ha! My power is felt by you all. I am the Storm King, and o'er all the world My thunderbolts loud in my glee have I hurled. And I'll chuckle with mirth when I've left o'er the earl h Desolation and death to you all. Ha ! ha I Desolation and death to you all. I am the Storm King. Alone in my might I stand dreaded by all. Iturn day into night. Who dare question my will? I have stood and stand still, The terror and horror of all. Ha! ha! The terror and horror of all. I am the Storm King. I shriek in my rage, As I whistle through oaksthat have stood for an age. They are felled in an hour by my terrible power; I am dreaded and feared by you all. Ha ! ha! I am dreaded and feared by you all. A QUILLE PENNE. ARITHMOREM. Fotundation Word. 12.-'Twill stand to all futurity As the colour of the smow ; This true emblem of purity The water-lilies show. Cross Words. 500 and unow Sore; 50 ,, who Roar; 552 ,, zoe Adore; 50 ,, tenun Bore; 1 ,, enteryt Evermore. SPOTsrnarE, Glasgow. METAGRAM. 13.-First the land of San Kose, Which everybody knows, Lives a man named Don Jose, Who has a monstrous nose, The colour of the rose; And next each foot has toes ; His eyes are black as sloes ; As bitter as aloes Is his tongue--it makes foes Who often give him blows Upon his monstrous nose; He is a man of woes, This Spaniard named Don Jose. First his garden there grows Last apple tree-the crows Afe all the fruit. Don Jose, IHe is a man of woes. New really I must close, I've had enough of O's. J. C. COLLIER. DECAPITATION. 1l.-A river fish in first you'll trace; Now, if its head you will displace You'll find that in the residue A measure will be shown to you. S. W. HAYES. Worcester.