RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words.
1.-With eyes that smile, with eyes that weep, But ever with affection beam, They gaze at me through the shades of sleep, And the drama of my dream. And all, though strange, I seem to know, And dimly recognize as well, As having known of old, though ho* Or when I cannot tell. OCross Words. Oh. be not first, fair next, to my appeals, The final of a third, see, I have here; And with you fourth the greater portion deals; Pray, let me read a canto to you, dear. D. Cow. Foundation Words. 2.-Oh, the time and trouble I have spent In writing puzzles for our " Tournament I" This one is much the best that I have sent- At least, that's my opinion. That this is final, much I hope to see; It's good enough, as you will all agree. It ought, I'm sure, to lead the famous " T."- At least, that's my opinion. Of course, it a Lo pUrimal, but I hope In time to rival Byron, Scott, and Pop.J ; And none now writing cons. will with me oope- At least, that's my opinion. C}soss Words. I'm in a first, now, what to write. Now, am I not a sorry wight P To be enraptured here you see; Come, find the answer, please, for me. A linen fine you here may view; No doubt 'tis often used by you. A word that means abundance seek. What is the answer P Riddlers, speak. Part of the foot you have, sirs, here; I think I've put that pretty clear. To be untidy; please take care, For folks like this I cannot bear. To peel or shell you here may see; No doubt 'tis done by you and me. To be dissatisfied, I ween, You'll find my last will surely mean. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. TRIPLE ACROSTIC ON PRIMIALS. (The three first letters of the cross words form other distinct words). Foundation Words. 3.-We have a friend who is engaged Unto a second charming; He loves sweet primal with a strength That's really quite alarming. We own the damsel's. charms are such That very few could third them; But, there, the things Tom says of her I Oh! if you only heard them I Cross Words. We met him soon, and one look at his jolly First'ice dispersed all thoughts of melancholy. The audience did-heartily applaud him, And next was every one to praise and land him. Name given to a fabric this expresses; We won't say what it is, so make your guesses. Is oft responsible for awful ravages Committed by the wild, untutored savages. I am not fifth, but I was really frightened, And then the sudden shock my terror heightened. This little sixth I've read is most amusing; Such things I could for ever be perusing. W. D. PICKERING AND S. W. HAYES. ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The answer is a word composed of Roman numerals.) 4.-This simple con. which I propose, Dear friends, you'll quickly guess; One hundred primal will disclose- No more and yet no less. My second caln't exceed just one- To get the. same now strive; While for my third you must indite The simple number five. My fourth is one-a selfish brute I Now find it and be done; I say 'tis selfish, inasmuch As it minds " number one." One figure more to make an end Of puzzles, friends, the worst: A lengthy chap in fifth you'll scan, Though only half of first. My whole I hope you always are In intercourse with man. And here I'll end my puzzle rhyme : Now, solve the same who can. MI. F. GERAN, Fermoy. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 5.-'Mid the rocky fells All alone he dwells, Far removed from mankind's society, Like the lawyer who So disgusted grew Wlth the'world and its lack of piety. But his smile is kind, Though his brow is lined, And his manner calm and dignified; And he's not so stern, Nor so taciturn, As his aspect might have signified. Oft errant feet Seek his lone retreat, When the chill wind waileth drearily; And his kindly speech Warms the heart of each, Till it glows and opens cheerily. On his form and face Next has left its trace, Yet has marred not his calm tranquillity. In the whole at peace, Till his days shall cease, He will labour in true humility. AMrY BOEsaEEn, 6.-My first means to injure; my nezst brings to view A substance of which pans are made, and pots too; And.to your notice my total will bring A bird that we ever shall welcome in spring. .. -T. Nzxo~r, Dudley Colliery. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated a a metagram, decapitation, dele. tion,and transposition, but leaves a recS1 word aeter each operation.) . w 7.--EFor. firsta poet:you must find; Beheadan'd now transpose, A well.known town is brought to mind-. SNo more can Idisclose. . Except that if you take my first, And deftly-it cartail, - - SYou'llhiove a placevhich miany love" S Before you, without fail,.. L . ...".
BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-F or years I've watched him climb the hill of fame, R esolving to deserve a glorious name ; Enraptured have I listened while he sang, D elighted at the strains which sweetly rang. Within the " Tourney" ranks he takes his stand Among the foremost of this gallant band. L ong may he live, its honour to uphold, L ong may he sing, its talent to unfold. I n grief we once beheld his writings wane; S ad were our hearts when silent grew the strain, L amenting truly till he first again. O h, riddling friends, help me a next to raise; N o words of mine can final half the praise D ue to the bard who sings such stirring lays. O h, may he never let his harp lie dumb, N or slumber tuneless in the years to come. MAltoN L. TAYLOB, Birkenhead. PRE CE.OMEGRAM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 9.-All haill ye gallant " Tourney" knights 1 Our best respects to you i What nobler band of riddling wights Could primals wish to view ? All hail 1 our all victorious queen, Delightful Marion T.; No sweeter songs than yours are seen Through all our " Y. F. P." Brave Cooper, tpo ! so bright a star In our illumined throng; Your prieeless poems echo far Th6 riddling lines along. All hail Do Bear and merry Troy, Price, Gow, and Kitchner too; Your seconds fill our hearts with joy, Whene'er they meet our view. - Our Pick'ring's puzzles spread delight T)aroughout our serried ranks; To Jefferson we must indite Our praise and warmest thanks; To Holland, Marshall, Rosa B., And Maggie D. of course, We'lilecho praise with jocund glee, Till both our throats are hoarse. To Lottie W. we should sing A song of grateful mirth; To Archer B. and Loveless ring Sweet notes through all the earth; And while each poet in our " T." His brightest, best work lodges, Success it cannot fail to be, Though spoilt by WEBB AND HODGES. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-In this an insect you may view, With colours more than three; To make it plainer unto you Impossible 'twould be. And if you'll kindly change its tail, A boy's name you will quickly hail; Repeat the process once again, When next will bring to mind What every cottage doth contain; And for my last please find A kind of wager. Now 'tis plain The answer you will surely gain. M. L. RAw. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-I entered the library, eager to read A book that I'd heard much about, But vainly the tables I rummaged and searched; It was gone-there could not be a doubt. No, joy I here it was, being read by a man Evidently of studious mind, For the book he perused so intently that you Not one trace of his features could find. He had on the table it up rightly placed, So I sat to contentedly wait; But as time flew along, and he still there remained, I arose and with care touched his pate, With the query, " Excuse me, but, sir, shall you that Periodical much longer keep ?" No further I got, but with rage started back, For the fellow was soundly asleep I T. RoYSTON, Birmingham. 12.-The winter's snows have scarcely gone away, And spring, triumphant, has returned once more, Bringing with it wanderers bright and gay, To charm the hearts of mankind, as of yore. And those who, in life's dawn, played on the heather, Now are many long and weary miles apart; Another spring may perhaps bring them together To welcome one another with joyful heart. F. R. B., Tunstall. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 13.-'Tis Sunday in the country; yea, No plougbman's voice is heard From neighb'ring fields; no farm-boy gay Light whistles as a bird; No loaded waggon now is seen Along meand'ring lanes; No milkmaid 'mid the fields of green; No work the day profanes. But from afar the church bells ring, With soft, melodious sound, As through the air they welcomes bring To folks for second round. And soon to church the people wend, With cheerful first, their way; Then one and all their voices lend To reverence the day. E. MORGAN, Leytonstone. 14.-In the long first of summer weather, In the frigid, winter day, We were always seen together, I and charming Lady May; In the garden, 'mid the flowers, Or in busy, crowded street, Or ensconced in summer bowers, Gladly second friends we'd greet. Gone those happy days of pleasure, Far apart our p:athways tend; In mem'ry still those days I treasure, And that kind and loving friend. E. A. Cnonri. 15.--Behead a bird, and you'll discover That you have brought to light a lover. JoLLY PAT. 16.-A sly, cunning animal please t find;
Then beneaa, ana leave one or anoener inna. i. CLASE, Birmingham. ROTATION CHANGE. (Ohange theletters of a word in succession to form other words.) 17.-Beware how much you do of primal take, Or else 'twill turn and sting you, like a snake. To next one' day I was invited out, By a lady who was suffering from.the gout. The Norman knight dashed madly at the third, And struck him dead without another .word.. "to'fourth not take me now," the robber said, As he a pistol pointed at my head. - The night was last; the'wind blew*very strong, . And o'er the sea it blew our boat along. , hGOLDnN Cnbu;:Birkebhead.
METAGARAS. . (Change the firt letter of a word to form another wordJ 18.-" I never rode a horse," said Bob. " Nor I," said Tom; "so we Will stroll up through the park to-day, And have a jolly spree." So, suiting action to the word, These young men sallied out Upon an expedition which Seemed very nice, no doubt. They reached the park and hired the nags, With quite intense delight, Both little thinking they would soon Be in a sorry plight. They galloped on a hundred yards, When wretched Bob was thrown, And Tommy quickly followed suit, With first, despairing moan. They sauntered home with downcast looks, And solemnly they swore That never, never would they try To ride on horseback more. A moral, next, to youths both far and wide: Don't try to gallop ere you learn to ride. F. J. HoDnES, Greenwich. 19.-Dear riddlers, I, like others, Had long desired to see A simple little con. of mine Within your famous " T." To get one good enough for print Was a long and weary task~@i But now I'll be a " Tourney' knight (Your leave, good sirs, I ask). The Editor's consent I have, To first, next kind has been; And now, with all humility, I bow before your queen. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. 20.-Whole, I am renown ; change my head, I am un- changed; change again, and I am crippled; again, and I am mild; again, and I am sport; again, and I am atitle; again, and I am an old lady.-C. SMITH. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 21.-A bold, dashing knight was Sir Jonathan Jones, G allant, and wise, and gay; O n the battlefield (covered with blood and with bonesJ N ever man did more courage display; I n the height of the carnage his primal he'd wield, S trewing death and destruction around. T o the foemen where'er in the strife he did next, E 'en the bravest to 'void him discovered pretext; S are his equal can never be found. DEMANCHES. 22.-First in every shop is found; On pianos 'tie oft played ; Next in'boots and shoes abound. Solve this, knights; be not afraid. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. 23.-Before your view I'll place a fruit For you to please transpose; Another fruit of foreign kind 'Twill then to you disclose. F. BRIIDLE. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 24.-The poet could not find a theme To first a " Tourney " lay upon; With pain his eyes began to gleam, He thought and thought till sense seemed gone. At fast a plan occurred to him To ask a few hours' holiday, And, when he had obtained his whim, To search out something for his lay. " I'll leave our town for country sights, I'll quaff of nature's bounteous store"- Oh, how the thought his soul delights 1 And- But, enough-we'll say no more. He started off, and reached a place His heart grew next rejoiced to see. "Shall I discuss the ' sun's bright face ?' No, that's too stale by half," said he. "' The perfumed flowers,' the pearly dew'- Oh, bother it I they're old as Noah I 'Through wood and glade the zephyrs blew." Oh, read that fifty times beforel" The poet felt his worn heart sink; Must he return without success P From this he felt his whole mind shrink, And yet what gain could he profess ? At last two birds began tofight Within a massive tree above; And hom8 he flew, in mad delight, To write an ode on " mutual love." F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 25.-It was very long ago now, A little first was I, When we went down to the seaside For a few days in July. I gazed over the ocean, When an object met my view; A next a boatman said it was- 'Twas painted red and blue. F. H DanzIe, Eastbourne. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 26.-A winter's eve two lovers sat Outside the old man's gate. " Will you i,'st me ?" he shyly said. " Oh, answer, dearest Kate." "Yes, yes, dear Will," the maiden said at last; "But we mast go, for next is falling fast." VERAL. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 27.-Part of a ship for first please find, Though it, perhaps, you know; For on it the captain stands And orders those belol. Read backwards, forwards, 'tis the same; Now, I ask, what is its name ? C. P. BASELEY,