Our friend F. R. CouLsoN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL CHANGE. NIo. i. INTRODUCTION. I fancy you'll say, " What, another invention !" When this modest con. first attracts your attention. SWell. yes, 'tis another, I fain must confess; But PICEsINGo and KITCHNER have made a success, So why shouldn't I P My ambition is fired, And their bright example my muse has inspired, So I'll venture at once, and, without hesitation, I now will proceed to give my EXPLANATION. First please bring a word within your vision With letters odd, and then, with due precision, The centre letter change, and then, behold ! The mystery you quickly will unfold. Keep changing centre. Thus it is not strango. That this new puzzle's called the Central Change. EXAMPLE. Beneath an old first tree I sat one day, And soon my thoughts did wander far away. Methought I was upon the briny sea, A passenger on board the Nancy Lee; I thought the gallant ship was homeward bound, And hoped ere long to be in Plymouth Sound. But, lo! a dreadful storm arose one night; The women wept and trembled with affright; The lightning flashed, the dreadful thunder roared, And then there came a shriek, " Man overboard !" Then suddenly there came that awful cry, " Breakers ahead !" and we prepared to die, When our good skipper cried, in accents wild, " Who'llsavemydaughter? PWho will save mychild?" " I'll save her, or I'll perish !" then I cried, And, with a cheer. I bounded o'er the side. I saw the girl, and caught her by her hair, And then I nearly gave up in despair, For nowhere could I see the ship around; But suddenly my feet did touch the ground. " It's land I" I cried; and then, despite the storm, On to the next I bore her fainting form. I waved my hat, and proudly gazed around, When suddenly I fell crash to the ground, And woke--to find that it had been a dream, And that, alas ! things are not what they seem, For third on which I'd sat had given way. A bump on my poor head did me repay. Ye youths and maids, pity me if you can, But I'm a sadder and a wiser man. F. R. COULSON. POLYPHONE. No. 2. He climbed up a tree, Though told he would first His clothes if he did not take care, But would not take heed Of the warning thus given, But higher he climbed, I declare. But we soon heard a crack, And the wilful boy fell, With a crash and a thud, to the ground, More frightened than hurt, With a next in his eye, Dispirited greatly, we found. Dear friends, I think you'll fiund These words alike in spelling; But there are meanings two. The answer now be telling. .W, D, PICKERING. TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. I'm black or brown, I'm young or old, And serve to shield you from the cold; Transpose me, and I give the name Of one-a Roman-kncwn to fame, Who fell on Afric's burning sand, A victim slain by his own hand. T. R. LINDSAY.
ENIGMA . No. 4. Behold a thing long hid in earth, That with Creation had its birth, And by some swarthy, toiling gnome Was riven from its rocky home, And from the shades of endless night Was brought at last to human sight. It then became a monster's prey, Who sucked its worthless flesh away, And spat the bones, without a pause, All molten from his glowing jaws, When thuud'ring blow and sweepine blade Its shapeless mass to form soon made. Next, to a shining ebon wand 'Twas fastened by a skilful hand, And taken by a wizard fell To work some dark and mystic spell ; Some spell, perchance, a power to gain To work us mortals joy or pain; Or else some cabalistic plot By which a dinner may be got, Or, as in the good days of old, To gain him house, or lands, or gold. Yes, all these wondrous things he'll do, And in the nineteenth century, too. Now see how the magician fell Doth work his dark and wondrous spell: Behold, a pool of Stygian dye Enclosed in metal walls does lie; No vessel cleaves the gloomy round, No eye can pierce the depth profound. Of bitter wood and acids made, Its waters stain the brightest blade. And, see, the wand is in the tide, And sweeping through the air undried, Until upon a snowy plain It resteth on its point again; Then, sped by swift, resistless force, It glides along its magic course; Now circling moves, and now by hops; Now sweeps or wheels, and bounds or stops, While hosts of spectres in its train Are starting from the spotless plain, Each leaping as it driveth on A black, fantastic skeleton. Swift marshalled 'neath the wizard's glance, Now joining hands as if for dance, And now alone they stop and stand, With bridgeless gap on either hand, When the swift ebon wand is seen To leap the yawning space between, And when its rapid course is done, It ceases as it first began. Now, but for that dark, bitter pond, But for that pointed ebon wand, But for the wizard's hand to hold, This mystic tale would ne'er be told. W. KELLY. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. My primals, centrals, finals name Three painters, all well known to fame; Full many a picture shows the art Their genius did with brush impart. Cross Words. In the springtime fair and green, W'en nature's robe of vert is seen, Clustering blossoms on my tree Bear the hawthorn company. In olden times, when war and strife 'Mongst ev'ry class of men was rife, Full many a fight with danger frainht Within my ancient walls was fought. A word of seven letters you see in me, " Existing in name only," as you will sao. Woe be to the hapless soul, For its happiness e'er ends When it sinks upon sin's shoal, Fourth there by its foelike friends. Offended man.'gainst holy laws When they killed her in her cause. I this upon another one, Else I'd not complete this con. Men their fortunes fast to gain, Sought for me, but oft in vain, Across the far Atlantic main. In my last you'll see is shown What means the keeping of your own. A. H. SCALES, Brompton. TRANSPOSITION. No. 6. See yonder group of happy boys Assembled on the green. They're making such a dreadful noise I Whatever can it mean? Ah, now I see I They mean to play A game at hare and hounds. "Come I Are you ready ? Off ! Away 1" From ev'ry mouth now sounds. The hares now start-they're out of sight. The hounds have started too. See how they run with main and might The others to pursue. Full many a first the hares do race And climb o'er hedge and stile, Till, feeling tired, they seek a place To rest a little while. Beneath the cool and grateful shade Of a huge next they lie, Till shouts of hounds approaching made Them hasten up and fly. CONCORDIA. OMEGRAM. No. 7. " My first," said he, " my own devoted Kate, I e'er shall think of you when I'm away." She glanced at him-his calmness seemed too great; But her reproaches melted all away. " Nay, at my prospects do not now bemoan. Good-bye!" he added, with a stifled groan. She could not speak, her agony was great; She clasped his hand with earnestness supreme. A next shoots through her when she thinks that fate May now fulfil the promise of her dream. She even fancies that she sees him now Hung by the heels upon a creaking bough. For last he now departs, with heavy heart, And seeks oblivion in the steerage, where Tenebrious scenes before his gaze will start, In which he takes, unwillingly, a share, Feels himself grow white, then, rushing quick Unto the side-oh, horrid thought! he's sick I T. W. KITCIHNER. CHARADE. No. 8. " Farewell, farewell, my native last !" The exile uttered, as he cast A wistful glance back towards the shore On which he was to land no more. A cloud of first was o'er his brow
As to the rest he did avow That back to whole he would return And comfort them that for him mourn. Just then there came a fearful shock- The ship had struck upon a rock. A riercing shrie --a deaf'ning roar- An awful crash-and all was o'er. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. Now, riddlers bold, if you'll procure A kind of rock for me, And then curtail it, I am sure A measure it will be. T ISy SIMPLE.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 10. Foundation Words. My finals and primals, if you rightly flnd. Two small towns in Surrey they'll bring to your mind Cross Words. A useful machine when a house is on fire; A part of an animal state, I desire. A case to store money in, quickly come tell. A bird that in old ruins often does dwell; ' For last write down that which the sculptors oft se. Now try this acrostic, and solve, if you clooset ENIGMA. SEEDT, No. 11. I'm a very strange word- In fact, I'm a wonder: I'll bring you together, And part you asunder. H. BATES, Lisburn. PROVERB REBUS. No. 12. W. H. BIRD, Holloway. TRANSPOSITION. No. 13. 'Tis autumn, and the smiling fields Are clad in green and gold, The fertile earth her promise yields Of fruit a hundredfold; The sky is clear, the air is still, The sun shines bright and warm, And up on yonder rising hill Some men my first perform. The summer buds are passed away From off you trees so fair, And, ripened by the sun's bright ray, My pleasant next hangs there. And should you wish to know the kind Of fruit that yonder reigns, Transpose my first and you will find The answer for your pains. SHAInOCK, Artnagh. SQUARE WORDS. No. 14. For first a good old English tree; My second comes to you and me; And last doth bring security. E. J. PHILLIPS, Liverpool. No. 15. In first a ruminant is seen; A negative adverb this, I ween; My third a kind of vase doth mean. KINDERGARTEN, Frizingtn, CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 16. A well-known plant I name complete, Whose use the cook explains; But if my centre you delete, A conference remains. HENRY ADAMS. No. 17. I'm often heard, but never seen; If you take out my " eye," You'll then, dear riddling friends, I ween, A nose instead descry. T. O'CoNoOR, Kinsale. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 18. My first you'll always find in ball; For next please find a word for small; My third's a word for form or frame; In next you'll find a female's name; A Scripture name in fifth you'll find; My next a tree will bring to mind; My last's a letter found in mix, And if well searched, also in six. Centres, if read without mistake, A female's name they'll quickly make. C. W. A. LOWTHER, Strabane.
REBUS. No. 19. RUPERT AND REGINALD AYNSLEY, Kirkd3'e. DECAPITATION. No. 20. This fish behead, and you will see An exclamation I will be; Behead again, and you will find A kind of house I bring to mind. DEOSTIIEES.