RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRA31S. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.)
1.-The arrows of strifa have rolled over my life, And, quenching its suuhlight, have left iue to mourn; Hope's flowers are all parched by Adversity's knife, And I shrink from the glance of the linger of Scorn. The whispers of Sympathy bruise my sad heart; The lightnungs or Sorrow brood over my way, And darken my path th with liemorse's jirst dart, While the rocks of Life's ocean pursue me each day Dark clouds of despondency harrow my breast, And next all my tootsteps with promptings of Fear; So let the kind feeling of re'tde,'s more blest Shed over my fate a melodious tear. D. Gow. 2.-A Ithough I have not sung your praise aloud, yet in my heart Long hba your name amid the bards of fame been set apart; B right are the many songs you've always suug, and great the gains. E nraptured have I lingered oft to listen to the strains It e-echoing on every side, so soothing and sublime, T hat wins a uneed of true applause from friends in every clinme. E ach merry rhyme has laughter brought, each smoothly polished pun D enotes your keen enjoyment of the merriment andfuu; WV bile every sweet, pathetic last, and every earnest word, A wakens in this heart of mine a sympathetic chord, R eviving some sweet mem'ry I have lost and sought in vain, D isturbing, as it were, the rest of some long.dormant strain. H ow can this humble pen of mine portray your mighty skill, O loyal friend, who primals for the " Tourney " with good. will ? O knights and maids, old friends and new, come, gather all around, P our forth a song of warm applause and make the air resound; E xa.t him as a star of fame, and may each glorious ray R effect in every weary face and make it bright for aye. MARioN TAYLon, Birkenhead. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another \ +ro.) 3.-In ancient times there lived a man Of spotless grace and fame, Who bore with pride in every clan An honoured Scottish name, Who raised his country from the mire Of ruin, far on high, Then, having first his heart's desire, Contented grew to die. Of world-famed conflicts, fierce and stern, None grauder pluck displayed Than that when, on a Celtic burn, E'en England's might was laid, When Bruce's warlike voice rang through The serried Scottish square, Till, in each heart, a courage grew That chased away despair. Long may his land exalt the name Of one who loved her so; Who struggled on to win her fame 'Mid toils of bitter woe. E.ch Scotchmau neat will sing his praise, Each b nglishman revere A lman who shone through those dark days Without reproach or fear. F. G. WEBn, Southwark. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different menollirl with each chaiuI of prounuUiatiouJ 4.-Is there any other book That gives to all such pleasure? I thought, as up this one I took, To first it at my leisure. I turned to the " Olympic," Next the poems in the same; Then turned I to the " Tournament," And glanced at every name, When all at once it struck me How very nice 'twould be To see my name 'mongst others Within the grand " R. T." And straight away I wrote a con.- It was my first, now, mind; No wonder, said our gracious Ed., That it should be declined ; But don't forget to try again, And you'll succeed in time, But please to be more careful In working out your rhyme. I took the hint, and you can see I now am in the band. With many hearty thanks to him, I'll try again my hand. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numeralt expressed in ligures.) Foundation Worda. 5.-My primals name a riddler w: 1 Has written many a clever con.; And oft in the " Olympic," too, Ed.'s welcome praises he has won. Cross WVords. 500 and honey A patient animal; 'tis oft abused. 1 ,, trange A kind of stone, for building often used. 100 ,, joteb I hope, dear Ed., you wonu' third to this con.; 1 ,, wert But if you do, I'll last another one. A. AMIBERLEY. Foundation Word. 6.-Dear riddlers, will you listen, please, And hear what I've to soy ? This is my sweetheart's name, my friends, Find what it is, I pray. Cross il'ords. 1,051 and rer This is what I'm glad to be. 101 ,, hstro A kind of bird, you'll all agree, In England seldom seen. 56 ,, are A metal bright; we know it well. 50 ,, peps A kiund of truit-'tis nice, I'll tell; You've ate it oft, I ween. T. H. HUNT, Fulham. NUMIERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which f rmn oth'r words when rearranged as the numbners direct.) 7.-In totals may each riddler see The town where one doth live 9 Whose cons. have often graced the" T.," Whose rhymes a waft of pleasure give, And bid our dull thoughts flee. 5, 10 A noted personage. I'm sure; 1, 2, 3, 10 List to their warl'li', ss'oe and pure; 5,9,3 :art of you, and, I trust, of me; 1, 8, 5 An insect famed for industry; 1, 3, 8, 9, 10 Assists us to exist, 'tis saild; 3, 5, 9, 10 If now you this, soon you'll have read; 7, 8, 9, 10 'Tis found, or should be, o'er your feet; 4, 8, 3, 1 These stones behold in ev'ry street; 1, 8, 6, 10 I, last-ing, mnake a graceful bow. Friends all, adied; adieu, D. Gow. kaeomsrasEs.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each aytlabile of which is a word.) Total. 8.-There's not a bard, north, east, or west, F'rom Canada to Cadiz (Though Courtesy, as s)me suggest, Has gone to visit Hades), Who will deny that I'm possessed Exclusively by ladies. First. Of first they only have their share; Indeed, if here I stated That they have more than we all bear, The "sterner sex" ill-fated, Alas ! I'm tremblingly aware I'd be exterminated I Second. But here's the height of their delight, The best auonug the " splendid;" But. oh ! for that unlucky wight, (HUs peace of mind is ended) Woo gives it and is vanquished quite As " Mary Ann's intended !" F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. 9.--The swift first hurries onward Towards the bright blue sea: "I pray thee, glad whole, listen, And do this thing for me. " The sea, to which thou sliest, Bears proudly on its breast The ship which holds my lover, The dearest and the best. " And well I know he's thinking Of me throughout the day ; So, wilt thou greet him for me?- Thou'lt pass him on thy way. " Say that I last not waters Keep him from me apart; For though I cannot see him, He lives within my heart. " Say that I'm looking onward- On to that day of joy When home will come the brave ship That brings my sailor.boy." ANNIE A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 10.-I first of tle terrible next of bird's-nesting, And echo a tale that will curdle your blood; And, when 'tis perused, every cruel young reader Should pause lest he, too, should be swept in the flood. A boy once espied in the side of a mountain A nest, slyly hid in a snug little nook; And thinking it looked very much like a linnet's, He vulgarly said that that nest "should be took." Next day, to fulfil his outrageous intention, He climbed up the mountain with venomous joy; But when he arrived at the nest, to his horror, Two eagles flew out and attacked the vile boy. They whirled round his head till he grew very dizzy, Then pecked at his face with all vigour and force, While, having to hold to the cliff like a limpet, Poor Jack could not check their eucroachments, of course. At last, with a shriek, he beheld the male eagle Dash off with an ear-quickly followed an eye; And soon, with his optics gone, noseless and carless, Poor Jack loosed his hold and fell backwards, to die. His body was dashed into numberless pieces, And whirled straight away in the torrent below; Wh bile Jack's weeping mother bewailed her son's absence, Though never the cause of his loss did she know. Thus ends my sad story; of course it is true, sirs, And shows what the crime of bird's.nesting may bring. I think all young rubbers this warning should view, sirs, " That forth from a linnet an eagle may spring." F. J. HOnDES, Gireeuwich. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Weors. 11.-The priumals of this con. contain A "Tourney" lady's name, Whose verses have for her obtained The much sought-after fame. Long has she graced this riddling page, Long charmed us with her song; And long I hope that she'll so do, And to our band belong. Cross lWords. I'll firstly start a lady's name upon, Owned by the clever subject of this con. For next an adjective I'll to you set; I'll use it to " my girl "-when one I get. I don't suppose that you would e'er be late Upon my third in winter-time to skate. Just heed this word, ye bards, when writing verse; Or, if you don't, for you 'twill be the worse. In various shapes and colours, sometimes curls ; There are some folks who dye it-O you girls I A lady's Christian name-I know it well; My sister- Ah, but, there, no more I'll tell, A clever authoress you here behold, Whose stories to you often have been told. "To go" will best explain this little word Of letters four, and 'tis not often heard. My next to you a number will betray; But whether odd or even I'll not say. My tenth, it can be good or bad, you'll find; You'll very easily bring it to your mind. And now thw way to end this con. will be By asking Ed. to give this place to tme. Without much difficulty this you'll see; 'Tis found in parks and fields-a well-known tree. T. RoYsroN, Birmingham. Foundation Word. 12.--Hail princely writer, to our isle all hail! And may your wonder-working pen ne'er fail To win applause from each warm British heart, As forth from out each fresh-cut page they start- Those daring travellers through the mystic air; Those brave explorers of the crater bare; Yhat strange, wild being who, scorning all mankind, Sought refuge where no human hand could find; A strangely mixed, yet interesting band, All fresh and glowing from the master-hand. Cross WVords. A well-known tale fromnt Coa.ptain Marryat's pen, The best of sailors, and the best of men. A glorious name; long may it be our boast, And may the tyrant dread its sound the most. His brave heart's blood was shed in England's cause,
But failed to save unm irom tue neausman-s claws, Deep in the ocean's depths he reigned sole king And undisputed lord o'er everything. His cherished flag he bravely onward bore, Amid the battle smoke and cannon's roar. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be tealtedl as a metagram, dooapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfeot word after each operation.) 13.-A dark race of people find.; Second letter change, turn round, And, without doubt, you have found out An instrument of lofty sound. DRAGOON.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 14.-Through the waves the vessel cleaves, Far behind the land it leaves; Upon the firt the Viking stands, His blue eyes shaded by his hands. He gazes earnestly and long O'er the rolling billows strong, And turning round, he fiercely cries, ' Next to where you trim vessel flies Before the wind; for by its hue, "'is of my foeman, bold Edfrn. Long have I tracked him o'er the main; But he shall not escape arain. He slew my brother, and I swore Never to rest on sea or shore Till I had vengence for that wrong; And vengeance will I have ere long. Row, comrades, row, with all your might; He shall not now escape in flight." The vessel rushes through the spray, Yet nearer, nearer to its prey; And IEdfru, now escape is past, Resolves on fighting to the last, And with his gleanitng axe in hand, Upon the deck he takes his stand. The vessels meet; a sudden shock, A crash, and both together lock, As with his fierce and warlike crew, Young Eric springs on bold Edfru, And crying, " Vengeance for the dead !" He aims a blow at Edfru's head, Who lifts his shield the blow to ward; But crashing lightly through his guard, It pierces shield, and helm, and skull, And Edfru falls dead in the hull. His comrades now for quarter crave s To all 'tis given by Eiic brave. And now, his vow of vengeance o'er, He steers towards the rugged shore; And by his deeds in after time, He gained great fame in Norway's clime. THE UNKNOWN. 15.--'Twas the middle of summer, one bright, sunny day, The next was perfumed with the scent of the hay, When I took out my racquet, and went off to play Over the tennis net, Over the tennis net, over the tennis net; First golden hue, eyes sparkling blue, Nobody looking, only us two, Over the tennis net. The sweetest of things, in a sweet, cotton dress, When handing the balls her hand I would press; Such a game as we two played you never could guess, Over the tennis net, Over the tennis net, over the tennis net; First golden hue, eyes sparkling blue, Nobody looking, only us two, Over the tennis net. And soon on one side of the net we had paced; And Somebody's arm was round Somebody's waist; And Somebody's lips hau a very sweet taste Over th, tennis net, Over the tennis net, over the tncunis nlet; irst golden hue, eyes sparkling blue, Nobody looking, only us two, Over the tennis net. DENANCHaES. 1G.-The merry maid went to the spring, All in lhe golden hair; No man has heat d of anything More beautiful and fair. Prosaic now I 1irst in her hand, She stooped to get a drink. What afterwards? By zephyrs fanned, She stopped an hour to think. She stopped an hour, and would have stopped, I daresay, until night, Had there not to her feet down flopped My second, dazed by light. A shade-abiding bird it was, And startled that fair maiden; No longer did she make her pause, But rushed home, terror.laden. TI'nornomns. DUAGWIAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 17.-I'm deeply grieved, in health I'm ailing, And how to act I do not know; It seems I constantly am failing To gladden my dear sister Fl). No matter how I s:rive to please her, The steps I take all seem in vain ; She really thinks I wish to tease her. Her whims and fancies cause me pain. A week ago she seemed delighted, And slyly kissed me once or twice. When to a ball she was invited, She said, " Oh, Will, won't it be nice !" She then did smile, and speak so sweetly, But now it's simply " Yes," or " No." Alas I her mood has changed completely, Her once high spirits now are low. I purchase bouquets rich and pretty, Choice books of music quite a pile, And I sing mauy a jovial ditty, In hopes to gain but one sweet smile. Alas I in this I am defeated, Let me attempt how well I may; Though my appeals are oft repeated, I seem at once to first the day. Am I the cause of all her sadness? Do I deserve her cool replies ? The very thoughts fill me with madness, And start the tear-drops to mine eyes. But, hark I I fancy some one's calling. Oh, goodness gracious, it is she, And from her lips muy name is falling ! I last to meet her joyously. W. CARTER, Birmingham. METAGRAM. (Chanze the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1S.-An animal please find for first, And if you change its head, A little vessel made of wood I think you'll find mstead. F. DYTKES.