Our friend FREDA DESMOND to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 1. Before you begin, friend, to puzzle your brain, I'll doubtless make matters a little more plain, And insure that no reader ingloriously fails, If I state centrals are a high mountain in Wales. My second you'll find is a very small creature, For wisdom and habits of industry famed, That makes architectural study a feature Of every.day life, and the sluggard has shamed. This second, with very slight difference in spelling, Denotes a near relative. Now do you see P But if I said more, I should simply be telling, And then where on earth would the mystery be P And third, I am sure, you can find in your dwelling, If you list to its pulse's monotonous beat, As over the death of each hour it is knelling, Thus marking the epochs in Time's great retreat. Your grandpa, of late you have heard very often, Possessed one of these thirds; it stood on the floor And worked till the day that they brought in his coffin, From which grave occasion it laboured no more. And fifth is a thing that the soldier in battle Strive's hard to acquire, and in hope of it scorns The dangers surrounding him'mid cannon's rattle, And proud is the hero whose breast it adorns. But not altogether alone martial valour Displayed on the harrowing field of the slain Is with it repaid, for now war's deadly pallor Does its great fascination of old scarce retain. While sixth never fails to resemble the summit Of whate'er you look at, high, middling, or low; And if at the sixth you will cast loose a plummet, I have not a doubt to the bottom 'twould go. For first and for last, just take them from stronger (Much further, my dear friend, I will not you bore), And doing so now leaves the word-well, not longer- But there I not another word will I say more. FREDA DESMOND, Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. The charming primals of the vale, So elegantly fair, Whose sweets perfume each fanning gale, To Marie I compare. Though on the earth it lowly grows, Oft hidden from our view, Its beauty far outvies the rose, Bedecked with gorgeous hue. Oh, blushing finals, thou art meet To deck a maiden's hair I In summer.time thy perfume sweet Is wasted on the air. Cross Words. A king in a Shakespearian play Will give you this without delay; He's rather old, I must confess, So now the answer you must guess. This character, Young Folk, I ween, In famed " Othello" will be seen; Fain would I give a plainer clue, But he is too well known to you. " My pretty this," a youth once said Unto a bright-eyed little maid, "Sad, sad indeed will be my life, If you don't be my darling wife." If to New York you e'er should go, You'll meet with one of these, I trow. My con. is finished now, I find, So, an revoir, ye riddlers kind. P. N. GAuNET, Dublin. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. Hear from the mossy, lichened, dim church tower The muffled bell peal forth the hour of night. Peace I Be at rest, and trust the Allwise Power To guard our slumbers safe till morning light. See how the foxhunters appear on the scene, The pink of their coats 'gainst the grass's bright green. A leap and away, and, in hurried array, They make for the spot where poor Reynard is seen I 'Tis just after Christmas, and Tommy's unwell, His countenance pale and dyspeptic appears ; He has eaten too much (if the truth he would tell) And the physician's advent confirms his worst fears. If you my first discover and transpose, So doing, third and second you disclose. J. H. BATCHELOR, Bow. LOGOGRIPH. No. 4. Dear riddling friends, I humbly pray That you to me attention pay, While I unfold to your just view This riddle, which is fresh and new. The word that you have got to trace Does name a common resting.place; In every house it's to be found; It's mostly square, but sometimes round. And if my rules you will obey, You would curtail without delay, And then I say that you will see A place where all boys like to be. Now, friends, I hope you won't complain, But kindly find my tail again; Then I would say out off my head, And you do this when you are fed. Then, last of all, please this transpose, And it will very soon disclose What nowadays most people like. So now, kind friends, I say good night. DEMOSTHrNss. CHARADE. No. 5. In the present tense of the verb "to be" Hy Brst and third you'll surely see; y scod doth 'mong adverbs stand; y okle was king of Egypt's land. L. T. Joe,
DECAPITATION. No. 6. Out on the ocean wide and blue There sailed a little bark, Commanded by a whole, whose deeds, Alas I were often dark. With oaths he bade the men go work, Next thoughts were in his mind; He was displeased because he knew Pursuit was close behind. The ship soon sped at such a next They left far in the rear The men who would have captured them, Of whom they stood in fear. They then sat down, and lastanddrank Till some could drink no more, But fell from off their seats, and went To sleep upon the floor. W. SAUnDaES, Powmlll. REBUS No. 7. H. WrLsos, Dorset. METAGRAM. No. 8. A boy's name first will bring to sight; Change head, and then a colour bright You certainly will view; Again change head, in this you'll trace A kind of couch or resting-place. Dear riddling friends, adieu. T. O'CoNxoR, Kinsale. ENIGMA. No. 9. We're thick, we're nearly every size; We have no nose, but several eyes; We're red, we're black, and blue, and brown ; We can be bought in any town. By millions every day we're used, By some beloved, by some abused; But many a process we go through Before we're ever used by you. A. H.P.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 10. C. MAcDOxALD, Sheffield. CHARADES. No. 11. My frst is a trick or delusion, It also imposture doth mean; The net 'neath the ground in profusion By every miner is seen. Now, let those parts be connected, And plainly they will unscreen A plant I have often collected, The emblem of "Erin the Green." O'Socn v.a, Ballyhooly. No. 12. My first is what all boys should be, Sometimes it is their name; My second is a place of war; Whole is a town of fame. C. COMaM. CENTRA.D DELETIONS. No. 13. My whole, I think, is meant to swim, For which it is made neat and trim; But if the centre you take out, It will mean level without doubt. H. B. Bovarrx No. 14. For first a port in France put down! But take away my middle, 'Twill show an animal well known, So try to solve my riddle. 1) J. BSczra.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC, No. 15. Foundation Words. My primals and finals, discovered by you, Two world-renowned countries will bring to youar view, Cross Words. My first, when right by you 'tis found, Is land with water all around; My next will quickly bring to view A bird of very sombre hue ; That which lives always next will show; A man's name fourth, which you all know A kind of plant for next please find; A part of speech this brings to mind; A word for action this will name, Spelt either way it is the same. F. R. Cosos, CHARADE. No. 16. The sun is shining bright and fair On castle wall and tower, It tips with gold you distant bills, And gilds the ladye's bower. But the ladye heeds not summer sun, Her head is on the breast Of the truest knight that for ladye bright Has e'er laid lance in rest; For first has called him far away, And he sought his Iadye's bower To murmur words of hope and love, And soothe the parting hour. " I pray the saints be with my love, And shield her from all woe I For every tear those bright eyes shed, A Paynim head shall bow 1" One lingering kiss, one last embrae, Farewell, he turns to go, And the ladye stands, with tight-clasped hands, And face of living woe; She sees him mount his gallant steed And wave a last adieu; She falls, and from her lattice height A next comes stealing through. And many a wandering minstrel sang The good knight's gallant fame, And how the distant Holy Land Rang with his noble name; And how, when madly raged the fight, His whole he loudly cried. And the ladye murmured her true kniglit's? tme, And drooped her head and sighed. HORAcs W., Brightor. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. Two children lean on the rustic gate; They have ceased their play To watch for father-he ought to come Ere the close of day. "My darling Lena," the mother cries, From the cottage door, "'Tis growing darker, you must come in I You can wait no more." A farmer rides down the shady lane On his ambling bay. Now shouts of gladness his coming hail, And each heart is gay. J. Cnara, Belfast. LOGOGRIPH. No. 18. Behead a certain riddler's name Who is not quite unknown to fame, When this is done there will remam A most nutritious kind of grain. Dear reader, please curtail this last, Then to it make a new tail fast, Surmount it with a head, and then I may as well throw down my pen, For that is all you have to do, My answer being before your view; It is now clear to the most obtuse That 'tis a stone we in building use. Us:A SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. My first, dear friends, all men must do, No mortal hand can e'er subdue Or quell it. My second grows on tree and wall, A common plant well known to all- Now tell it. My last's part of the human frame. A hint I'll give. Now guess the name: Three letters spell it. T. C., gdken1.' REVERSION. No. 20. My first a savage beast will name; But if 'tis backward read, The running of a stream or flood Will then appear instead. J. G. Bnaei