RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENTS.
(Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 1.-Standing backward from the road, Structured in the latest mode, Is a compact, no t abode, From the city bustle free, Close beside a square's green garden, Where a statue, like a warden, Seems to claim each passer's pardon, Lives a certain somebodee ! Tall and graceful, figure slight, Dusky orbs dark as the night. Pleasing manner, taking quite, Favoured by a host is she. But, alas ! one simple failing- Out of sorts and always ailing, First of appetite bewailing- Spoils the life of somebodee! If at soirde, ball, or dance, You unthinking, should perchance Cast at her a sidelong glance, Lackadaisical she'll be. Looking pensive, iast and weary, At the throng that smiles so cheery, Making life a burden dreary, You will find that somebodee! Listen, friends, we've passed this bill: " Whosoever joins us will Not feign fainting or be ill. So that we can merry be." Since it passed, oh, fact surprising ! No more fanciful surmising, No complaints of self-devising, Mars the life of somebodee ! MARIoN TAYLOR, London, 2.--Busy sounds of life are still, Now the day is almost done ; And behind you distant hill Slowly sinks the glowing sun. Let me walk, now day is o'er, Down by Ballyhackamore. Softly falls the twilight grey, Peaceful all the hamlet lies, Plodding o'er his homeward way Now the pristul labourer hies; Children meet him at the door, There in Ballyhackamore. Folded in the night's embrace, When the village lies at rest, Like a child, with rosy face, Pillowed on its mother's breast, Let me walk, if moonbeams pour Over Ballyhackamore. Let me from the city stray, Leave its noisy streets behind; Last all worldly thoughts away Which have fastened oi my mind; Walk with her whom I adore On through Ballyhackamore. I'PATmhC S., Belfast. 3.-Deir Arrow, my Broad one, pray speak to your Schneider! Rlssnesbsor, adored one, I'm not an outsider. For now, friend, you pass me with hardly a look, sir; auch conduct from you I never will brook, sir. Ih't possible two souls that were meant for each other Can ever apart be ? Now answer, my brother. You spurn me, alas I and resent each endeavour Of mine to be friendly and happy for ever. Oh! Schneider, year pleadings I can't be withstanding; I'm willing to come to a good understanding; Aud I'll tell you in rhyme, sir, if only you'll hearken, The cause of my condluct, which your life seems to darken. Now listen, friend Schneider. I'll tell you the reason, And prove that you've really been guilty of treason- I. the cons. you have sent to that paper of thine, Your own name has always been preceding mine. Broad Arrow, your claim, I must say, is a just one; I'd own that' you, sometimes, should pose as the " fast " 01e ; And so, friend, to prove that I'm not a one-sider, We'll label this riddle BaoAD Aninow ANnD SCHNEIDER. META-OMEGRAIM. (emne nce he first and last letters of a word to foe;m another word.) 4.-Breathes there afirst with soul so dead Who never to himself hath said, " I'll use an hour or so upon A weak a.ttempt to write a cn. " Show me the ntu who ne'er ballt s.oid 'hese words, and I will punch hlis ish.ul For l'm convinced he sure aun, t Is At least a donkey, don't you s:e ? Where is that man who'd ne'er rejoice is giant tones and healthy voice, When in our " T." one day he'd iind O ir " Ed." next not his con. declined ? There cannot breathe a man so dead. Who once our Tournament had read, Who would not third, " Why last not I At riddling rhyming have a try ?" R. W. AxnnD:ws, Ilauppstead. ENIGMAS. 5.- I'm seen in every person's look, In every sudden gale, I'm never in a story-book! Though always in a tale. I never with the boys remain, Though always in their (,lay; The happy children me retain, Bunt man he never may. The proud and haughty pass me by, Because they've never known me ; Though oft I hear the humble sigh Because they still must own me. I'm first and last of lend and steal Of gosling I'm the centre; 1 witness every drunkard's reel Prosn houses I ne'er enter. Thank goodness, I have nearly done This rhyming and this scribble; Oh ! gracious, how that mouse did run ! Hark! that's me in his nibble. J. G. IIcnOLT.S, Milton. G.-Aithough I am a tiny seed That feels the heat and cold, I very soon shall be a weed, And penetrate the mould. Like a river ever flowing On towards the mighty son, I am always upwards growing, Till at last I'm called t tres. CONUNDRUMS. 7.-Why's a private like a cab, Dear riddler, will yot slay ? If yoe cannot gless it nuw, oime bh'ehr timb you msty, S8.-Why is a sinlaer like a gobod cabbage ? 0.-Why is Young Fo'ks Paer like Edinburgh eoather ? o. P. Ba±Bunu.
NARRATIVE UXETAGRALI. (The first letter of a word is cltanged, to for.u another word in the narratLve.O 10.-Sir Ivanhoe, I trust that you With me are not offended; For by the time that you read this My grief will all be ended. I said I thought you were a girl, For which I ask your pardon; The one excuse I give is this- I wrote it in the garden; That day the sun was very hot (This fact must not be doubted). It scorched my head, and tho few brains I do possess wern; routed ! But yet my milnd with that one thought Was really overladen. And, do you know, I'm half inclined To wish you were a maiden i We girls such funny creaturcor arr, We sometimes lose our senses ; I, in particular, you kun.w, Get mixed with verbts and tenss. I am no very ignorant, My learning, too, is "lhady," So that you cannot be surprined I should think you a lady. Your praise of me is heaps too good, For one who don't deserve it; Yet, hidden in my treasuretrove, I gladly will reserve it. I also thank you, Ivanhoe, For all you say about me; And trust that nothing vill arise To cause you e'er to doubt me. Will you, with courtesy and grace, Quite willingly forgive me For that one little, weak mistake, Which does not cease to crievo me ? If you will pardon it, my friend, Although it was unpleasant, You'll win true, lasting gratitude, From NELLt: VWATSON, ChOeshunt. DMETAGRAMIS. (Change the first leLter of :t word to form anothtr n or i. 11.-Friend Juan, I read with a feeling of dreal In the " Tourney" your fine exhortation To fight for the laws, for the queen and the cause, But it filled ue with great consternationu; For although not the head of the nation, Still I'll tell you without hesitation That really, sir, I am not willing to die On such feeble and slight information! 'Twas thoughtful, I own, not to send me alone From the " Tournamunt's" page to perhi tiou, Yet, although it was kind, in my iunn;emost uind There's a thought that suggests oppo-ition ; And Miss Watson, i'm sure, with contrition, Will feel for my tender position, And will not insist that I'm chopped oil the list By that awful and hasty decision. T. (Gwyune may decide, in a fit of mad pride, To die with the greatest devotion, Or he first at the time he was rending the rhyme Hi-ve choked, horror-struck, at the notion ! (.)r perhaps lie has taken a lotion, Or maybe he's drowned in the oce:u; And all this upset, and this worry Tand fret Is caused lby your ill.advised mioti n. And if still found alive, with a proiol to thrive, And no cloud loft to dim his ilvelit.:on, I think it but list that a " bill " ;huldl bhe passed To effect the reform and preveutiou- To punish all those by suspene:ion Who cherish the lofty intention Of consigning to death in the gasp of a breath All those folks whom it suits them to mention. But, friend Juau, ere I go I would just like to show You a thing there's no use in denyiUg- That although I'm consigned, by the laws of man kiund, To a place where they excel in frying, Still I wish just to saiy, withour prying, That that region's remarkably trying, And that if you insist I'm lot lit tio exist, Then I'm certainly not lit for dying ! It. A. TA'.l:., lirkenhoad. 12.-Ye lusty winds, first forth my song, And scatter it to parts unknown, The sound in tlhunudous notes prolong F'roum my glad heart in sweetness flown; Yet all the world can never hold, Nor greatest grasp of mind cot:ain, The flood of bliss that o'er me rollel When first 1 loved sweet Mary Jane. For long I worshipped aud adored The creature of my h yr: andl mind; And at her feetl, my treasure poured, And airy castle-halls de-signed. lBut words can ne'er nmy joy express- No mrore can care with bie renain, Now that I know such happliuess- The winning of miy lMary Jane. Momn, moan, ye winds, and yell and shriek, Give vent to all your pent-up rage, With voice of gathering thunder speak, And in last gusty wars engage; But all last wildest shrieks are ne'er Loud as the storm that fills imy brain, To pour on her who's false though fair- The lower-minded Mary Jane. And yet my heart is sad and sore, To think my sweet dreams all ara gone; To think that I can never more Behold my day of rapture dawn. A revelation came to me, That wounds me with its stinging pain, And my sweet bride shall never be The onion-eating Mary Jane ! Ivatnor., Belfast. 13,.-Arthur, let me thank you for the Hearty welcome you extend- Ed to one, whom, though I've never Seen, I look on as a friend. As the friend, I should La" c said, for I've no othmerfiret I know; So you'll see the reason why your Verses put me a glow. (That may not be quite poetic, But I think you will agree That the time of year demands we Shculd prevent ourselves from f're. Zing, as we shall surely do if Nothing can be done to fix Up the curoulation past the Poi t at which it always sticks. By the way, I finud that rhyming In this fashion keeps the blood In a stlate of coUstan ]iallpit- A tion ; so It-hire's something good Even in the rankest nousense, As thoe lowly oystr-shvdll Sometimes yichls, besilesi thl lnsceious ltivaive, custiy pearls as \sell.) Last I really meant to say wa.s, You did honourably when You proclaimed the knihhtly welcome Toyour fellbw-citizen. So, if you've some chamlahne handy (Ginger-bder or milk 'II do), Fill5aMd drink a foaming bumper To the ilight of dable lhue. F. W aLLaiss Islington.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. C (Drop a letter from the centre of at word to form another, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Bring in the holly, and bedeck the ball, For Christmastide again is nigh at hand, And, at the sound of friendship's mighty call, We meet once more-a smiling, happy band. From north and south, from east and from the west, We come, as oft in bygone years we came, To greet each knightly and each lady guest, To hail old friends and all our new ones claim. Now, harp in band, our queen ascends the throne, And silence falls upon the merry crowd, As tenderly she tells of those we've known, And sings the triumphs of the laurel-browed. Then down her harp she lays, and quickly cries, " Unmask, ye unknown knights and ladies dear !" And straightway we behold, with much surprise, omeu old-time friends among the masked appear. In Arthur Amberley, the Grand Old Man iRejuvenated, suddenly we see; And, in Greek Agonistes, we may scan An ancient Druid 'neath his sacred tree; Cased in the armour of brave Ivanhoe, A warlike lassie we, amazed, behold ! While dear Z. B., whom all ye riddlers know, Peeps from a puncheon of " Madeira" old. A movement 'mong the ladies now is seen, For there are strangers to present to-day, And Lily Douglas kneels before our queen, And then makes room for Dorothea Grey. Teresa Campthorne comes with modest tread, And Nellie Watson meekly bends the knee; Then Carrie Holloway inclines her head, And Violet and Flo pay homage free. Now quick the merry dance begins the rout; Loud swells the music, and the whirling foot Glide o'er the polished floor, and in and out Go circling round with mystic, measured beat; And new-founud friends in cunning corners sit, Or catch each other 'neath the mistletoe; Love's arrows fly, and manly hearts are nit, While brighter every moment seems to grow. PaiLo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a w.,rd to forel another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.: 15.-'T s Christmas Eve. The city's lights Illume the snow-garbed streets, Where the great heart of busy life 'lliid noisy tumult beats. Green hollies decked with berries red Adorn the shops and marts, And cv'ry wind.swepet murur bears The echoes of glad hearts. The hum of throngs now louder grows, A cmyriad feet cruclh o'er the snows OC business' wearying quest, And many faces wan and pale, A il homeless, shiver in the gale, \ i th poverty oppressed. " li, sir! you've dropped yet purse !" exclaimed A little breathless waif, Accosting one of haughty mien, With his lost treasure safe. " What's that you say ? I've lost my purse I" lie searched his pockets through, Then, taking back the purse, his met 'lThe shoeblack's eyes of blue; " I's just behind yer, an' heerd th' sound 0' sumthin' fallin' on ther ground, An' there it wos--ycr purse! I thought o' keelpin' it, but Jack Is 'onest, so ho's brought it back, An' feeliu' none ther worse." " Well done, my boy, be over so," The gentleman replied; " Your honesty I wiil reward- Let such e'er be your guide." Ho placed into the waif's wee hand Five sovereigns bright of gold, And, as the shoei,lack later :Lidj. " Oh, how my peepers rolled !" Acid thus the Christimatide's white foam Played gaily o'er a humble homne And happy family ; Aud prosp'rous years are surely sown From such brave acts so little known- A slhoeblack's honesty! V. D. T.iri.o, Warrington. ]i.--One sunny lnni I played a tune Upon a penny whi-ntlc But soon I stopped As down I flopped Up u a large wild thistle. I felt so bad, But still was gi:ul That I stuck to mly lwhiktle; I blew a not , Aroused a :t (,:, Anw some one tlhrosv :a ai:sile. I homeward fleew, ' 'is very true, And left behind my whistle; hBut then, you know, It is " no go" To have your head made gristle. So now " Ta-ta 1" ' or warned you are To play not on a whistle; Or, if you do, You'll surely ru5e. Here cudetho my epistle! TE'I', Manchester, 17.-Most towns are represented by some witty maid or knight, Whose skill at writing riddles has been proved in many a fight. But I read in Young Folks Paper, and in grief do I sit down, That you are not represented by a knight from oar town. For, dear Ed., my chief ambition in the " Tourney" is to see This little town I live in represented, sir, by me. And to bring this happy end about I'm troubling you again; Oh, pray, sir, do not tell me that my efforts are in vain; For Christmas comes but once a year, and it should bring oue pleasure, And so it would if I but saw, to me a priceless treasure. These words in Young leolks Paoyer-pray on me, Ed., do not frown- That you are represented by A ICaiHr eoot Oun TowN. DUAGRAMIS. (Ohanl e the first two lotters of a word to form another word.) 18.-In the midst of this season of snow, When the days are so darksome and dreary That your fancy, imagining woe, Causes you or life's journey to weary, Comes a monarch such thoughts to o'erthrow- "'Tis the advent of Christmas so cheery. Then hurrah for this Christmastide gay! With its pleasrm'es all others trauscending; Though I deeply am primal to say That, like others, they, too, have an cending; Still, enjoy yourSelf well while you may, And a right fuam Christmas' be speding. ID. Moan's, Glasgow. 19.--MIy filst was of the Ukraine IEst, S Andl o'er the leser.t flew so fast That tooona Moroi'bo cAme in sight. Now, riddlers, pl.as'e goiess this aright. J. 1. SonorILD,
NARRATXVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the drst letter olh word. leaving another word. expressed Sin the narrative.) 20.-Christmas comes but once a year, I So they say; And wh~i it does it brings good cheer, So they shy. Frost, a d snow, and ice abound, Signs of inter all around, And merrily the bells resound, So they say. People skate-and break their necks i So they say; Both the sexes it affects, So they say. Girls go slcd.ging-boys will slide, The " bobby's" power is quite defied When uuowballs hit hum in the side! So they say. Pantomimes are " all tho go," So they say; The clown himself once more will show, Sou they say. Resolutions good are set, Kindness everywhere is moet, And people will forgivc- forget! So they say. T. luoaros. CHAIIADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whioh i is a word. 21.-My first is where luxury dwells, Whore beauty's proud galaxy shines; 'Tis also where justice dispels Oppression and knavish design.;. 'Tis the envied resort of the great, 'Tis the home of the veriest poor; There, the king with his courtiers in state, Here, misery stands at the door. My second oft brings from afar Of riches a fabulous store ; Again, when we're threatened with wit., 'Tis the safeguards of Albion's shore;- Her sire both in forest and glado Oft figures the noblest of trees,; She's the ally of commerce and Jra And defies both " the battle and g." My Ichole I scarce think you can mis (My meaning I've tried to make ci 'Tis oft the forerunner of bliss, And often of sorrow sincere. " Be wise, nor abuse thou my whole, But use it as though it were given To exhalt and ennoble thy soul, And raise thee still nearer to heaven. T. CAnruRORaeNE, 1-ialinmerrnith. 22.-M y gracious! how it's raining! I'm as wet as any rat, A nd no conveyance handy-what an awful nuisance that! U nless a 'bus or primal comes, a cab I must procurln D ear me! I really never felt so comfortless before! ( E specially as my overcoat's at home behind the door. " D espise the drink," the speaker cried, " as if it wete a foe; O b, sure am I no greater will you find where'er you go. U udo the awful, evil it is causing far au:i near, G o search and find once happy homes, that now are cold and drearl L cave drink alone "- But here, alack, somebody recond shouted; A nd then a shower of eggs and wchoirs the speaker fairly routed. S oon out I came. Drink's evils 1 have never since thou doubted, J. A. 1larlaisALL, Southwark. 23.-I'm often called a tiny spark, I'm hardly seen all day ; My light that shines forth through the dark May olten lead astray. You all admire my lamp a night, Although it is so smalll; The nightingale oft views ,iiy light As I listen to her call. U. W. HAYSAN. 24.-My first is the name of a fish, To grumble and growl if you wish; My second, like the point of a pin, If wanted, is meaint to " go in." My total will quickly be seen- A riddler both clever and keen. G. T. 1J ACAULAcY, Dalston. 25.-A cart will oft get stuck in first Upon a country road; My second is the safest place To take up our aboce. The two now couple speedily, An English county then you'll see. 1E. Fonssvr:. 21;.-M-y first will help to pass away A dull hour on a rainy day; Dly secord, if 'tis guessed aright, Gives shelter to the horse at night ; Miy echolr in state walks down the ol.ret. Listen, riddlers, do you hear his feet ? C. E. K,-owmtwS. 27.-For first please take a preposition; Neaet you'll find's a composition; Whole will be an acquisition. AL KAMEL. DOUBLE OMEGRAII. (ChaInge the two last letters of ia word, to form another word.) 2S.-Some people, when writing a con,, Complain that first inkwell is dry; Others say that their pen has got rusty, And some can no paper descry. Without last utensils they cannot A riddle compose for the " T.," Yet somehow their names I discover In each number of Y. F. P'. A. A. .)1rl;:s, Southampton.