RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
1.-i stand, a memento of honour and glory, A tribute to heroes who flourished of yore, A token which, voiceless, yet tells the bright story, And upright will stand when man liveth no more. Throughout I'm a wonder of Protean changes; Far down in the bed of the ocean I'm seen, Or high on the crests of the vast mountain ranges, Andl there's no spot on earth where I never have been. I'm t rampled 'neath myriad feet on the highways, And there I am ponderous, heavy, and square. My torm still again you will see on the by-ways, But rough and ungarnished behold me now there. And oft by small urchins I'm hurled through a window The penalty, p'r'aps, you already have guessed. The small urchin's sire tells him how he has sinned-oh I A curtain I fain would let fall o'er the rest. Sometimes like a star I am sparkling and flashing, My value would oftentimes ransom a king : Again, I oft fall like a thunderbolt, crashing Beneath me each lifeless or animate thing. When I'm in your boot 'tis a painful sensation; Yet oft I am found in the depths of the earth. I live not, and yet my vast form with Creation, Dark centuries back o'er Time's gulf, had its birth. CHILD OF Fila. CHARADE. 2.-It is our proud first a large tabby to boast- Oh, such a huge tortoiseshell mouserl And now our dear whole A prank very droll Played on our unfortunate Towzer. Some blacking she got, and she painted his face- A darkey, in fine, soon she made him. A white collar then Of big brother Ben She borrowed, and with it arrayed him. A white paper hat she then placed on his head; With a great yellow coat did I find him. She reddened his nose, And whitened his toes, And she blued his big tail behind him. Poor puss, thus adorned, looked funny enough; He shook himself over and over, Gs ew vexed at the joke. Into laughter I broke; For some time I could not recover. I caught him, lest he some great mischief should do, And loosened each last, and unbound him, When he very quick The paint off did lick, And whole laughed at the queer way I found him. P. M'CALL, Dublin. ACROSTIC. Foundation !Word. 3.-A very famous battle.place For primals will you please to trace P A place where English soldiers fought, Where victory was dearly bought. Cross Words. Oh, land of woe and misery, When wilt thou peace and plenty see 1 Seated on the easy.chair, Is my second very fair. Will I try and steal a third P Yes, I will, upon my word. Fourth, a famous kind of fish, Makes a very splendid dish. Next is paid for houses all, Be they very great or small. Sixth is very deep and wide, Over it the knight must ride. Then a part of you and I For my seventh you'll espy. Next a fruit that's very brown For my eighth you will put down. Last, I say, is part of you. So I'll bid you all adieu. R. MOoNTGJERY., TRANSPOSITION. 4.-Oh, friends, I now aspire With my unpoetic lyre In the " Riddle Tournament" a place to gali. Be it in a corner small, So that second there at all, To be contented, riddlers, I am fain. Oh, dear Ed., don't say, " I fear There's no room for you in hero. Youths of talent occupy each little space- Your presumption is alarming. Maidens pretty, maidens charming, Far surpass you, and fill up each empty place l" Oh, let me know the worst I For now, dear Ed., I first, Fearing I, alas I with thanks shall be declined, But if such should be the case, And I'm plunged in deep disgrace, Amongst the list of suicides you'll find- A. ST. J. Ancocx. BETAGIRAM. 5.-Cousin first did come to see us, One fine summer's afternoon, And we had a jolly time-yes, That day passed away too soon. "Could you not suggest a next, rMeg, Just to keep her for a while ?" " I'm afraid it wouldn't do, Tom," Said my sister, with a smile. Soon she had to go away. " Ah, What a pity i" we all thought; And she had to last so early, Or the train would not be caught. W. D. PICgEriNo. METAGRAM. 6.-I went to first, one day last week, With an old friend of next; Some third for me he went to seek, Btit came back looking vexed. They sat beneath a shady tree, And, thinking no one near, He said, " My heart doth fourth for thee, My own Jemima dear." He took his fifth and went to fish Down by the river side; To catch a last one was his wish, For fishing was his pride. SAILoR so0 BLrE, MONOPHONE. 7.-Buat little I'd first if my own way I got, As onward through life I do go. Why man should be subject to man I can't tell, It really does puzzle me so. 'Tis said that if we were not ruled, one and all In life's troubled sea would soon next. If that be the case, why, I quickly give in, For l'd rather be ruled than be vexed. BLUncnR, Dumfries, CURTAILMENT. 8.--"The master hit me on my hand, And, oh, the first did sting and bite! I But I next bear it, understand. And once again I feel all right." Thus spake a boy named Johnny Green, Who had for talking punished been. T. Sronra. DECAPITATION. 9.-l-Iy whole acts the coward, and merits hi-section; Behead him at once, he is found in connection; Behu.ad him again, he is black of complexion. R. Cat, Wolsingham. HIDDEN BIDDLER. 10.-A child stands gazing at the sky, With half a look of fear; The driving clonds asunder part, And let the moon appear. If from each line a word you take, A riddler's nom de plume 'twillmake. F. WALIs, Swindon.
ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 11.-See here a man who holds a noble station, The leader of an independent nation. May he live long to gain that proud respect, And ever proudly hold his head erect. C1ross rWords. G ohlsmith in his " Vicar " made this famous; Who knows not this is quite an ignoramus. A Jewish maiden's name in this is seen; If I mistake me not, she was a queen. A warrior of ages past in Rome; We see the pictures of them hero at home. A Yoang Folks riddler in review now pass ; We do not see her often now, alas I All puzzlers do, whenever they cous. send, Like this to see-on that you may depend. A riddler this who humbly does his best To gain a place and rank among the rest. In war this works in murder and rapine; The soldier's friend, if it be tempered fLie. Oft made of cotton this, and very strong, And useful always, but most when 'tis long. This puzzle is not hard to read aright, Though loth I'd be to see it vanish quite. A story quite exciting, pray now seek; It once appeared in Young Folks week by week. This is the last, as every one can see; I trust it may not be the last of me. BARNETr DE BIAt. POLYPHONE. 12.-This language of ours is a wonderful thing, For what linguist speaks it correctly P And of its strange workings an instance I'll bring To your notice at once and directly. I primal my paper (Young Folks, we will say), And present tense this will be reckoned; Yet when I've perused it, lo I first fades away, A ud its place is supplied by my second. Now, the query I pat: Is it not passing strange h'llat the word which herein you are gleaning, W en in the past tense, though no letter I change, 16 quite diff'rent in sound and in meaning P The word has of signiications, sirs, two, Iiamstrica!ly opposite, clearly, Yet. both spelt the same. Now, confound it! do yo Understand it P for I do not nearly. F. IR. CouLsos, Bow. SQUARE WORDS. 13.-'Twere first to try to picture The glories sweet and grand Of next, a lovely river Within a foreign land. Third is a preposition, If you have found it right; And at the fourth, the sunbeams Are at their utmost height. D. R. O'D. BETAGIIAM. 14.-Each cloud that fain would hide the ray Of glorious Sol is chased away, And beams of light from his high brow Lend beauty to the plain below, And song-birds trill their lays serene From sturdy forest monarch's green. Gay peals of laughter swell the air From rustic swains and damsels fair; N; storn pomposity of mien On any brow can here be seen. No, here Alone can the eye see The glad impress of jollity. A merry Birst of joyous lads And lasses failr the spirit glade, As in somb sylvan dance they join, 'Vhich, doubtless, from'some gallant fine, Who shines a star in courtly spheres, Would win but covert frowns and sneers. lnt, for myself, no costly ball C(.nu match that simple dance at all. Give me the country, prior to wealth, ''hose sons and daughters glow with health, Where next adorns the teeming earth, And ev'ry breeze is swol'n with ihirth. J. P. HAntga o:;. CHARADES. 1..-When winter comes, and frost and snow, From us refuse away to go, We gather round the fire of first, And think of fuel 'tis not the worst. If to the theatre you will go, You'll see men next, and find it so Enticing that you think you'll stay And see the finish of the play. A vowel you can next put down; My last's in dress, but not in gown. If you a total, good possess, Your lucky stars you well may bless. R. GuAN-. 10.-Along the street he went forlorn, 'Mid many a haughty glance of scorn, And cried as if his heart would burst, Then found we out that he was first. "' Why next thou sad P" a lady asked. " I-Hst e'er in pleasure's sunshine basked? Mayhap some near and dear one's dead." He answered naught, but shook his head. Again the tears fell thick and fast, W'hen o'er his face a change there passed, For third his sight appeared a lad, Who gave a cry-'twas wondrous glad. " My brother dear, thon'rt found at last, And all our grief and fears are past. To whole we now can quickly go, And ease our parents' grief and woe." RAW AND GRAANT. 17. -3fy first and my last are exactly the same, As you would perceive if I told you the name; Ca ot an eye in between; when the answer appears, You'll say 'tis a thing that can move you to tears. MEPHIIso. CURTAILMENT. 18.-Curtail a word which means to rend, And then you will behold A drink well known to you, my friend. The answer now unfold. S. W. HATES, Worcester. DECAPITATION. 19.-He entered the shop in great haste, And to the proprietor he beckoned, Saying, " I have no moments to waste; Say first is the price of this second." T. CARPExTER. OMIEGRAM. 20.--Without my first a boat would be Of very slight utility; A well-known tree does next proclaim. Now, riddlers, please give it a name. T. S. SaLaca.