RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
I.-By my fireside I was sitting, In the twilight deep and grey, And the shadows round me flitting In the firelight's fitful ray, On the first were madly leaping, And high revellings were keeping, Seeming as with life endowed, Though with substance unencumbered; As, in meditation bowed, I was thinking thoughts unnumbered, In the twilight dark and dreary, Raising fancies without number, Till my brain was growing weary With the thoughts that inly swelled, When I closed my eyes in slumber, And a vision I beheld. In the firelight brightly glowing, Stood a spirit next and bright, Hoary looks around him flowing. And a beard of snowy white; And'twas thus methought he cried: " Though 'tis foolish to aspire T'o honours far beyond thy reach, Yet say what is thy chief desire- Say, and it shall be gratified." Tremulously, I replied: "I would be wise. Great Spirit, teach Me how o'er wisdom's heights to rise. I ask no more." He shook his head, As o'er my chair he lowly bent, And mildly beamed his lustrous eyes, As with a smile, he, whispering, said : " Whoso is happy and content Alone is wise." A. Sr. J. Ancocr. TR ANSPOSITION. 2.--Far away does the music of cymbals sound In a silvery, murmuring strain, Stimulating the heart as the pulses bound, And the firsts take a wandering train. Shall we listlessly lie in some flowering vale, 'Neath the shade of encircling trees, And expectantly wait an enchanting tale, Wasted low on the tremulous breeze ? Harassing, harsh in its piercing flight, Hence rings out the echoing sound, As the whirring birds in a wild affright Far skim from the duelling ground; And here in the rays of the morning bun Is the sointillant, quivering steel Driven last from the course of its race begun With the sound of a cymbal's peal. NOE NAnrE. PALINDROME. 3.-Algernon Osear Stuart Smith one day Fell straight in love with Lucy Ella Rayme, It was a match I heard the people say, And I assumed that it had ttruck a flame. A kind of silont match it seemed to be, Algernon Smith was shyer than are same; He, though he loved his Luci-fervently, And knew she'd not re-fusees suit, was dumb. Algernon blushing this than any rose, Would sit and talk the weather, but he naught Would ever say of love-his courage froze, And his sevoic feelings fled the thought. Now, Lucy Ella Rayme a temper had, She thought this silence was a crfing shame, " When Algy calls again, I "-very sad !- "Sul-phurmly tell him 'go ' " said L. E_ Rayme. So when Algernon 0. S. Smith came next, Her well-assumed indifference, her pout. And coldness made him say with heat, " I'm, vexed; I fell in love and now we've iallen out!" Now Lucy coughed a gentle little cough (A cunning art to soothe his stricken heart). And when he said, " Is our match broken off ?" She murmured, "Yes, but not the striking part !" 'Tis ten years now since he andlshe were wed, And yesterday Algernon spoke up thus: " I did not dream teau years ago," he said, " Such happiness in store, lbve, phos-for.s !"' W. J. SHARMA. ACROS'TICAL CENTRAL. CHANGE. 4.-More bards than one have given a solemn smirk, and said, A 11 hail the Queen-the Riddling Queen of Birkenhead! R ight true the praise, and honest are the praisers all; I first her puzzles edify and raise us all O n visionary monuments of fame! Here gay, here serious, N or ever one with lectures long to weary us I T he Riddling Queen we hail I We hail Queen Jihuion ! A i puzzlers here, I pray ye issue forth and wind Y our thankful praises round about the Northern wind; L et Boreas obliging swiftly carry on O ur universal nexts, and whistle merrily: R iddless, all Pazzledom salutes thee cheerily! H. C. PhicE, Southwank. CHARADE. 5.-It was at night, and Luna shed Her silv'ry light from overhead, And mortals were asleep in bed, Both sound and fast; I heard a voice-'twas o'er my head- Trill forth a last. The mews my nerves had tightly strung, And as I listened while it sung- The voice, of course-with, strength of lap~ That awful was, A peal upon some bell was rung, And then a pause. I dropped my first, ran to. the door, To find the cause of this uproar ; When there I saw a man, who swore In manner fierce, And said that to the very core He would me pierce. " Avaant! Beware " I fiercely cried. " Ha I think I care P" he quick replied; " A total I've, unsatisfied, For doing this I" And then his blustering accents died Into a hiss. J. M'oLr.L. ROTATION CHANGE. 6.-My first's a German coin, and I've not the slightest doubt That if you only will endeavour you can make it out; And if to change my head you'll a method now devise, A substance carboniferous will be before your eyes; Now take my second letter, put another in its place, And the fact that I'm a cripple you most easily will trace; If my next letter you will now into another turn, A kind of public thoroughfare at once you will discern; And if you'll change my fourth, and lastyon'll find I then shall be What every shipwrecked mariner most thankfully would see. A. E. DUs'F. DECAPITATION. 7.-I'm married and I've settled first-I've done the happy deed, sirs. My wife is really clever, though she cannct write or read, sirs ; But still what does that matter if there's plenty of affection ? And that there is! (Now, printer, please put here an in. terjeotion.) I don't know what that is, but still it makes it look much better, sirs, Besides, I wanted there a rhyme (my muse J mover fetter, My wife will make me happy-we'll bd Pythias and Damon, sirs. I'm Pythias; though both were men, I'll next I mean the same 'on, sirs. My wife is pretty, eryj, and her figure's good and supple, , sirs, And when we're really settled we will be a happy couple, srs;r I do not think it quite the thing to give this con. amoral, sirs, But still I: own before I go we're certain not to quarrel, sirs. A Monansase Knoa'T.
DECAPITATION. 8.-I'll write you a piece of most beautiful poetry- Find me out. Part of your body behead, and there's, lo! a tree- Find me out. I find I've to write out three verses compact Before I'll have copied F. Binstead exact, So when I have written three verses intact- Find me out. How I'm to do it, I'm sure I don't know at a'l- Find me out. Poetry from my bad pen will not flow at all- Find meout. I'm afraid all my efforts will be but in vain. "The idea of copying him ! rm insane ;" But still I here vow I won't do it again- Find me out. Still I will send whatI've done to the Editor- Find me out. You all have a tear nearly ready, please shed it, or Find me out. Come hither, ye riddlers, ye great and ye small, Find out the answer and plea-e loudly call, For how I've got through it I don't know at all- Find me out. A QUILLE PENN}:. CENTRAL CHANGE. 9.-There was a 'bus conductor on a yellow Camden Town, Whose duties were to hang behind and jumping up and down, Or stand upon the "monkey board" his stature short to heighten, And cry in tones stentorian, "Now, any more for Brighton P" His salary diminutive was equal to his wit: He often tried the jocular, but matters didn't fit; For when in manner humorous he'd shout aloud with glee, "'Ere 'Ampstead, 'Igate,'Olloway, and all o' way, two d. Now, bustle up, this 'bus 'll start in minutes twenty. three." Some time elapsed ere citizens who travelled by this 'bus Considered it advisable to make an awful fuss, Declaring it "impossible'to go on in such a manner, When sixpence by this man received the sobriquet of ' tanner.' We'll put aside his joking, which is doggerel at the best, 'For what,' said they, 'true Englishman dislikes a wholesome jest ?' " But still this 'bus conductor first vociferate with glee: "'Ere 'Ampstead, 'Igate,'Olloway, and all o' way, two d. Now, bustle up, this 'bus 'll start in minutes twenty. three." At last, in desperation, one irascible old gent, Who in this world of trouble seemed like blessing (?) to be sent, Did write unto the managers, his great objection stating To joking vulgar phrases, or that h-lese kind of prating; And, further, he (the gentleman) declined on riding more, While pestered and subjected to so horrible a bore. Those masters this conductor did interrogate, to see The cause of calling "'Olloway, and all or way, two d. Now, bustle up, this bus '11 start in minutes twenty. three." His wage reduced to something like one-haf its ormer sam, Conduced in some degree to' make this gay conductor glum ; He thought it sad his talents were so unappreciated, So went at once to Drury Lane, on Mr. Harris waited, Whose keen appreciation and experience he knew Were boundless, and the next contained but equals very few. He got engaged " first heavy," and on visiting you'll see This 'Ampstead, 'Igate, 'Olloway conductor in his glee, And how opinions differ on a man's abilitee. L. Haxuros. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 10.-I have thee in my mind's eye-now, Thou darling of my boyish heart; Thy dreamy eyes and waxen brow Before my vision e'er will start. Ah, me! it was a cruel blow When stern, relentless Death did claimm TVhee for his own; but this I know, I'll ne'er forget thy queenly name. Cross Words. True primal always is opposed to knavery, And may be classified by all as bravery. We hope that none of you will say, " Good gracious ! What is this word P" We'll tell you, it is spacious. We do not-know, of course, how great your knowled geio, But you will. know this pest of schools and colleges. We use this thing to keep alive our greenery; It quite a useful piece is of machinery. All petulance we pray thee, friends, be banishing, And find this word, which certainly meansvanishing. Of sixths you know there is a great variety; We hope you all respect it, for 'tis piety. Do not, dear riddlers, doubt our good veracity, When we iuform you this is pertinacity. We really can't discover his identity, So we will rank him as a mere nonentity. The crew of uncle's ship broke out in mutiny; We had a last-they couldn't bear the scrutiny. DAo n ANn PrD n as. METAGRAM. 11.-I once had a fancy for going to sea, And first on my purpose I next to the quay. I'd taken a notion For crossing the ocean, And thought it a brilliant " idee "-he ! bet As brilliant as any could be. I next to the quay, as already you know, And encountered a captain who walked to and fro; So not a bit daunted, I told what I wanted, When, lol be gave third to a "Ho! ho! to " And I thought into fits he would go. "You rascal, I'll duck you!" was all he could say. And hands on me then he attempted to lay; But really I couldn't Help thinking it prudent To duck and get out of the way. Hey ! hey! And I haven't been back to this day. ALEX. S., Glasgow. NARRATIVE TRANESPOSITION. 12.-The tide was low, the fisher he, Barefooted, walked down by the sea; A bottle he perchance esrpied, And he could see a note inside. He picked it up, the cork pulled out, "Said he, " I'll see what it's about;" And quickly from the bottle drew The note, and read it through and through. The words he read, I do not know, But this far does the story go: He flung the bottle on the rock, Which pmashed to.pieces with the shock. H. R. PRESToN, Kennington.