RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION.
(Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 1.-Hear the merry, merry belles! Riddliung belles What a host of interesting tales each lassie tells! Read their verses, verses, verses, In the columns of our " T." While each I lensantly converses In good verse (bad verse naught worse is), With attention listen we. Every week, week, week, One, at least, is sure to speak To the host of Young 'olks' readers, to the band that sourely swells. Oh, the belles, belles, belles, belles, belles, belles, belles- 0h, the specimens of rhyming from the belles! Oh, the rivals of the belles ! Of the belles! WS i:at a host of young !ueu who have sweet poetic spells! In the sitence of the night, How they strenuously write In the rooms that they are pleased to call their own1! And ev'ry sound tha- floats From these toiling riddlers' throats, Is a groan. And these people-yes! these people (Though they dwell not in a steeple Built of stone), They are toiling, toiling, toiling, In their studies all alone, Feel a glory, too, in spoiling Sheets o'er which their pens have flown. Now, there is a certain party Wonders why he in the " R.T." Never leads. Why ?-he greater knowledge needs, But he reads, reads, reads, reads The poems of the belles! And his sad mind often dwells On the poems of the bh"lles- And he dances and he yells; Keeping time, time, timune To the metre of subimte, Flowing verses of the belles ! Riddling belles l Keeping time, time, time To the metre of sublime Verses of fair riddline belles, Of the belles, bells, belles, Of the smiling, riddling belles! Keeping time, time, time, As he yells, yells, yells, In a tune far from sublime, To the rhyming of the belles- Of the belles, belles, belles, belles- B lies, belles, belles- To the rhJming of the smiling, riddling belles. ARlcitEi ., Kentish 'lTwn. CURTAILME NT. PDrop the final letter of a word. lea' nli another word.) 2.-A blackberry bush and a lad die grew In a lone wild wood together, 'Neath clouded blkies and skies of blue. Through stormy and suunhiny weather. To the sturdy shrub the boy would bigh, Like a penitent soul to a triar, Aud fancy a pityinug, tirst reply From the maze of the blackberry brier- Could fancy a sigh. a first reply, From the maze of the blackberry brier. Each grew to a handsome form and face, Uniscathed ey the Reaper's sickle, Wit.h many a charm and outward grace, Ah! and many a heart-deep prickle. The youth culled a bud from the tree of life, And a sweet maid left her sire; Whilst clasped in the arms of its plantal wile, Gay blossomed the blackberry brier. From the tree of life each took a wife- The youth and the blackberry brier. The tenor harp of the summer falls To the rich low autumn pealing, And a soft hymn makes of the reapers' calls O'er the corulaud gently stealing. The fruit of life to the parents came, And a small voice joined the choir; Whilst fast to its weird, fantastic frame Clung the fruit on the blackberry fnrer. The life-fruit came, when the spiny frame Low bowed with the fruit of the blackberry b:rie An old man totters towards his grave, Without child or wife beside him, The pathway he taps with his oaken stave- Sad mem'ries can mournfully guide hn n; The blighted bush sways in kindred griet, And in prayer wonla it last expire; It weeps soft dews, sheds it last sere leaf For the wreck of the man and the brier- In kindred grief, sheds its last sere leaf For the man and the blackberry brier. W. A. Coor::t. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another wor ,., 3.--Beneath my first Miss Mary sat, On second, never heeding Her friends who, full of merry chat, Stood rear; for she was reading A certain paper we admire, Of which we never seem to tire. You know dear Young Folks is its name, And may it have a lasting tame ! LorTTi V'. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other wor;.. Foundation Word. 4.-The primals of these lights will give A famous battle the French once lost; The finals where was sent to live The man whose crown that battle cost. Cross I(ords. A hymn composer we discern; His Scripture history boys should learn. Many dabblers in this are found; But few sound judges, I'll be bound. Abram's father here one sees. He who once lived in Ur of Chaldees. This every workman likes to see, For then his limbs at rest may be. An Italian master this of note; On him art lovers greatly dote. A thing much used in ladies' attire, And one which never lacks a buyer. The " King of Gods" this title claimed; F'or ancient piastimes also famed. A man who made a dyke in W'ales; And now my power to riddle fails. ANoN. OMEGRIAMS. (The last letter of a word is chinged to form anothler wo. d.) 5.-Now, friends, if you'll attention pay And listeu unto mie, A pretty kind of animnal IMy first you'll find to be; And if you'll kindly change the tail, Though it looks strange to do, A word which meaneth injury Will clearly come to view; Repeat the process once again,
And, lo! you will heholol That this, my last, though strange to say, Shines brighter far than gold. M. L. RAw, Bradford. 6.-My primal is a very welcome sight To trav'llers on a dark and stormy night, For well they know, when pressing through the rain, Teat food and shelter they can there obtain. Without my second's aid-oh, woeful plight I- This very modest con. I eonld not write, Which you, perhaps, may think no loss would be; But then the case is different with me. C, F. BARKER, Ramsgate.
MiETAGRA1dtS. (Change the first letter of it word to form another woYr 7.-D own in a glen, by the side of a stream, (O rew a sweet flow'ret as fair as a dream: H tinging its head in its sweet, modest way O pening its buds to the first of the day. L ong has it grown there, so close to the ground M odestly shedding its fragrance around. ' E ver the violet, humble in mien, S hall in my last he of flow'rets the queen. MAttON L. TAYLOr , Birkenhead. 8.-" Please you, doctor, learned doctor, tell me howl can Rid myself for ever of a fell and crushing ban : Dark despair and morbid feelings hau.. me night and day. Speak ! and your petitioner will ever, ever pray !I, lose that weird magician, and his face was lirstand sam Rlse that grey magician scanning eagerly the a1i;n ''henu his form was hidden in a cloud of haze or mist, And his voice was loud and thrilling, as he uttered " List! " When despair and morbid feelings darkly 'fore thee loom, Choose the ' witching hour of midnight,' take thee tothy room ; Iolt the door and bar the windows, sit thee in thy ehair lDr.w a mystic circle round the-, chant a second air; " Light a fire and strongly fau it till it blazeth hl;lh- Now the sp rat, weird and ghostly,quickly drawetlh ight ray farewell to dearest brothers, sisters, mother, asie, Take a can of dynamite and-put it on the fire! " If you hear a crash, don't shudder, 'tis the spirit': song, For his voice is dyna-mighty, and his lungs are strong. 4hout aloud with glad huzza and trill a joyous air- Gone are all your morb.d feelings, vanishlel dark despair !" U. l'oi', 9.-My whole is worn on days of State By every royal potentate; Exchange my head, ant you will trace A culour in my total's place- By Vaudyke it was liked full well, As story and his paintings tell; .Exchsnge again, and thetn, I ween, A kind of gloomy look is seen. W. NOLAN, Clonmol, ENIGMAS. 10.- I present with hesitation My enigma to your view; Fiud out its interpretation, it is short, and simple too. Here's a soldier-gallant fe'low ! Crimson grow his cheeks so brown, As. in manly tones, he'll tell you By my aid they took the town. Here comes pretty little Anna, With her countenance iglow, Tnn's her back on the piano, Says she hates me--l'm " so slow." Put the question to your grocer, If he had not me, 'tis true, Ile would really never know, sir, Hlow much tea to send to you. Finally, just to secure you, Ask an angler, it you wish; HIe has often, he'll assure you, Seen tme on his captured fish. 11.-Withont a bridle or a saddle, Across a thing I ride s.straddle; And ihose 1 ride, by help of mn', Though almost blind, ate made to see. C. Suntn. DOUBLE ARITI{MOREM. I (An acrostic. Tle letters of cross words that are Itioman numeriis extprtessed in tilvI.os.i Foundation Words. 12.-A mighty power thou art, 0 vengeful second, 'M id dwellers on the earth ! Yet first the conqueror shall still be reckoned, Which had in heaven its birth. Second is powerless beyond life's portal, And ends with fleeting breath ; But, heavenly first shall shine in life immortal, Victor o'er Time and Death. Cross Words. 5i and ash Extravagance 'twill indicate, no please to find me out. ; 501 ,, noa A famous authoress 'twill state, You'll guess it socn, no doubt; 55 ,, tea A body-servant 'tis, and tone That gentlemen possess; 103 ,, ene A salad herb. And now l'%e done, My puzzle please to guess. J. A. MIansouLL. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 13.-My primal doth grow in the fields every year; My last you will see when King Christmas is here; My wihole's a projection in masonry used. But now I'll retire, or I may get confused. E. W. lEEtrt. 14.-A slice off my first, if salted or dried, Is equally good when potted or fried; Or boiled, if you like, the same piece of meat Is nice with cold fowl, and turkey a treat; Don't seconet me now, I mean what I say, Delicious I think it any one way; A piece of strong cloth or netting, 'tis said, My whole on board ship is used as a bed. ELtos Mi:, TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another wordJ 15.-The twilight shadows are falling, Falling slowly, silently, Veiling the hills and the valleys Of a village nigh the sea. It is the village of Itnechold, The little town of Inschold, Famed for its beautiful maidens. And sailor lads brave and bold. Sweetest of lasses is Haidee. Pete the fisherman's daughter. Bright are her eyes as the baue sky, And clear as the stainless water; Like twilight the shining tresses Of beautiful, dusky hair That fall on her snowy bodice, And primal her forehead fa:r. All the bold laddies in Inschold Love the fisherman's daughlte:; But she hears their speeches coldly, And, gazing o'er the water, Dreams of the coming summer-tite, When handsome young sailor Will Will next with her in the gloaning O'er woodland, valley, and hill. The twilight shadows are falling, Falling slowly, silently Pmmdl the hills and thie valleys, And beautiful, angry sea; And Haidee, watching and waiting, Wearily waiting in pain, For the brave young sailor laddie She never may see again. MAeoe D., Grangemouth' 16.- First namnes a fish; and now I wish Yout to transpose, and do it right, What means to fail will then prevail; And third will bring a fruit in sight. R. FosTPs, Sheliel,