IJD1LE TOURNAMMNTN . BEECEOMEGRAM.
-e thelst letter but one of a word to form another word.) the i n glow of the eventide, th thickly. ~ athering shadows, sad t o tOlne ste where the cross-roads meet, y.thde he hedge grows low by the fields of wheat, he tream runs swift to the ocean wide, Through the pleasant neighbouring meadows, Thr~by bchance, and my heart beat loud Woebad l Vben e I saw your face aglow. s on hld my hand with a kindly smile, As over that awkward stile, To lp my eaot et loud at your touch the while, oh, my In the dear, dead long ago I Scrossed the stile but yon lingered still S..a.ir . the moon's pale splendour clm siead through the star-fecked aky; shnd I ancied once that I heard you sigh, And eart was stirred with a sweet, wild thrill, laiy hour eyes were wondrous tender. For ked away with a pain intense, t I l For the end I could not know; drea ms--ah why were they ne'er controlled '- eted, love, bat the gleam of gold, oiee loor--in a worldly sense- adyou w the dear, dead long ago. lturned away, for my eyes were blind To the first that lay before me, And I stayed the words you would fain have said, klr my ast was false, and my heart seemed dead, tr old sweet life I had left behind, SAnd a darksome cloud hung o'er me. iL t times I linger on memory's shore, And I wonder do you know ow I turn so oft with a sickening heart -om the heat and glare of the world's gay mart e pleasant days that are past and o'er, To the dear, dead long ago ? MAnION TAYLOR, London. NARRATIVE fMETA-OMEGRAMtS. ethe trst and lrst letters of a word to oterm another word, expressed i" the narrative.) 2.-And so thy day is done- Thy heart has ceased its bleeding; Men look upon thy setting sun Unconscious and unheeding. What is thy fall to them? Why should they sorrow o'er thee ? They saw thee live, they saw thee die, As thousands have before thee, Lie still, then, heart, at rest Within the shroud they wound thee, The lily cold upon thy breast, And darkness all around thee. Lie still, 0 heart of clay, Gone is thy light and reason ; Each man consumes his little day, L.aeh summer has its season. What matter how you lived ? Now dead, the world denies thee; Some good, some bad, you must have done; Some loved, and some despised thee. Ah, well, let fate decree: Why should we grieve or sorrow ? For hundreds who rejoice to-day Will die upon the morrow. Peace, peace be to thy bones; Peace, peace be to thy ashes; Compared with all eternity, len's lives are but as flashes. Oh, fitful life of man ! Strange, strange the tasks fate sets thee; You live, you love, you mourn, you die, And then the world forgets thee ! II. A. TAYLORen. 3.-There they stood-at bay-like lions, Having differed, having quarrelled, Having spoken warmly, hotly, Words of -- to relieve their feelings. And the subject of contention, Cause of jealousy and anger, Was, as usual, a lady, A most sweet and wilful maiden. Snooks was jealous, blindly jealous, Most suspicious of his rival, Knowing that for manly beauty Don Ricardo "took the biscuit," "Took the cake " for winning manners, Gay conceits, and "fetching" softness; Nay, the DI)on's superb attractions Beat, disheartened Snooks entirely. And poor Snooks despaired, des,onded, Knowing that he was defeated, Knowing that his own proboscis Wonldnot let him kiss his darling. There they stood-at bay--liae lions, lIning met and fiercely quarrelled. "Sir," Snooks thundered, "now or never Satisfaction shall you give me, For yon now must kick the bucket: One must die and one be victor. You cr I must gd to-heaven, Or leave these cold climes for 'warmer I'" One of them must end existence, Both must fight-one fall-in duel ! "Curl" Ricardo bellowed, spluttered, "I don't want to risk my life, sir, Nor to be your mnrd'rer, slayer; Ilove life, but, if insisting On your death, I'll gratify you, 'Deed I will; please think I meet you: Take this gun and blow your brains out !" Snooks declined the gen'rous oiffer, Snooks disdained the invitation, VItaering with glance of hatred, Pall of fury at his rival's Tender thought and candid pity. Snooks iplifted high his fist, and Sent his big and burly rival Flon0d'ring, sprawling, kicking, swearing, Tothe land o[ "cuts " and bruises, Blackened eyes, and broken noses ! Now their friends burst in upon them, ith the fair one, startled, fearsome; he, though innocent, the root of Thi~ most sad, unhappy "tussle" And rcgretable encounter. lnIthey ryaised poor Snooks's rival, Lming foaming, wildly, hoarsely, Looking tragical and "stagey," "nitting brows and nose a-bleeding. "'deth!I Revenge l"he yelled, exulting. Gim hZevengeJ" he shouted. lbian!g Snuooks's "beak" extensive, i seis fist.deliberately, Aie at th' nose, lost hold-anid missed it ! Catffl"' shrieked brave Don Ricardo, ed .n wait; shy day will dawn yet, jo I'll. shorten your proboscis, T5On thy long nasal organ, " Snooks laughed, " Wheon you catch - V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 4 CONUNDRUIIM. " hae acon, for all of you: PlSse tell.me, if you're tble, ,hi R..ing the gentlemen like best .hi e seatbd round the table. 0'. P. Ba~cnuannB.
META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) (To Miss Mophistopheles.) 5.-Would you like to see my Hades, eh, my wicked little miss ? Would you care that sulph'rous region to exchange for yours of bliss ? Would you fear to meet first Pluto's gaze, or see his awful face P Then take my hand and trust to me, I'll show you round the place. My home is not a "country house," but just a house in town; And ivy covers all the front with its shades of green and brown; Grim Dante surely never would have penned his famous lines If he had seen our portal with its canopy of vines. My room is like another room, and not at all the kind Of place where hosts of grinning fiends you would expect to find; My chair is not a "regal throne," but just a simple cane, And my room King Mepho. ne'er has seen, "nor ever will again." And often in my sanctum some "familiar spirits" meet, Not "robed in phosphorescent flame," but modern dress complete ; The song and jest go quickly round whenever we have met- Whate'er they may be later on, they are not demons yet. I hate no children of my own, but on the second floor Fall five-and-twenty "well.tanned kids " at intervals will roar; When thirty other little friends come trooping in from school, Each lasts me to a yell or two, and then my cup is full. Miss Mepho., can you wonder that I am a trifle glum When each evening from the City I am tramping on "to hum " P I shall have to light the fire before my tea I can begin, For I've only got a sister, and I know she won't be in. You talk about Dame Fortune, too: I don't know what you mean; She's always turned her back on me--her face I've never seen. My home is not a bit like yours : what more is there to tell ? If you didn't come to Hades, miss, perhaps 'twould be as well! ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CHANGE, (Change two letters of a word to form another word, expressed In the narrative.) 6.-I remember, I remember when I went to the seaside, And I lingered on the beach in pensive mood, I looked out o'er the pebbles and the sands so far and wide, Long preserving my amino attitude; Oh, a troupe of rowdy niggers came and played within my reach, Such a din they made I never can forget; How I longed to sweep the lot about a furlong from the beach- I swore to, but I haven't done it yet I I departed from the neighbourhood and strolled along the pier, And upon its farthest end I took my stand; My attention was attracted by a steamer drawing near, While close behind there came a German band. Then I rampaged round the pier-head like a madman in a cage, On thoughts of sudden death my mind was set; But a stream of icy water put a damper on my rage- Though I swore I would, I haven't done it yet. I skipped once more along the beach and wiped my heated face, With curses rising from my rusty throat; And I swore to revolutionize that whole Teutonio race, Who seemed to know of music not a note. I remember, I remember how I raved and tried to tear Each curly tuft that in my head was set; But I mean to try a plan that's sure to make the people stare, I swear it ! (though I haven't done it yet). Oh! I pondered long and deeply, and I tipped a passing " cop.," And after tea again I walked the street; Then I bought some deadly poison, and I found their butcher's shop, And smeared the "jam" on his polony meat. How I revelled in the agony I knew they would endure ! I saw their puffy faces drawn in pain; As I pictured podgy outlines jerking, squirming o'er the floor, I shouted in my glee, "Long may she reign I" THE BLACK PRINCE AND F. JOHiNsoN. NARRATIVE MET A-DOUBLE-OME GRAM. (Change the first and two last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to W. I. Gilbert.) 7.-When a tom-cat's not engaged in sweetly bowling, Sweetly howling. Or wandering forth to screech the whole night long, Whole night long, His rapacity for such as midnight prowlings. Midnight prowlings, Is just as great as when he howls his song, Howls his song. His screeches we with difficulty smother, 'Culty smother, When mashing on the housetop's to be done, To be done. Taking one consideration with another. With another, A tom-cat's lifo is not a silent one. When mashing on the housetop's to be done, To be done, A tom-cat's life is not a silent one. When a fellow is engaged in calmly (?) sleeping, Calmly sleeping. And sweet music from his nose is plainly heard, Plainly heard, We gnash our teeth and feel inclined for weeping, 'Clined for weeping, And utter quick a very naughty word, Naughty word. When a tom-cat stops out late to see his mother, See his mother, And howls until the rising of the sun, 'Sing of the sun, Taking one consideration with another, With another, A tom-cat's life is not a silent one. When mashing on the housetop's to be done, To be done, A tom-cat's life is not a silent one. T. E. BAaLmY, Manchester. CHARADE. (Formed on a word esah syllable of which is a wordJ 8.-I sat one day in rhyming mood, A poet I would be; But all in vain the Muse I wooed, She scorned to visit me. Just then my little first appeared, And for small favours sued; His winning wiles at once endeared- I hailed the interlude. How to make second he would know, And patiently I taught; While swiftly through my brain did flow Ideas with music fraught.' This 1onniefirstI made the'theme OfPwhlole, 'his' 'sesad done; Trivial this incident pay seem, But wholws great prises won I MnstTa.
METAGRAM. Cfhango the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-He was tall, he was fair, he was thin, he was young, He'd a very short neck, and a very long tongue; He was clerk in a bank, 'twas a swell one, I guess, And be always took well, for he'd never take less. His eyes were of yellow, the colour of few, And each first of a delicate strawberry hue; Like his jokes, his big feet were remarkably flat; His crown was well topped by a swellish top-hat, Whereon like a cromlech it waggled or sat; His clothes were too utter--a very loud check, Which he took from his clothier or tailor on spec.; But, grievous to state, though a cheque he would take, His creditors knew not a cheque he would make, Till distresses took place, when his debts would accrue, And distress and a check on his means would ensue. Like many a one whom the law had distrained, He was pinned, he was ringed, he was watched, he .was chained; He'd a stick such a size ! with a flue silver top, Which into his mouth he would oftentimes pop, And bite it and suck it as if he'd ne'er stop; But babies and mashers are all of a type, So we mustn't blame him if he wasn't too ripe; And babies have lisps, so we shouldn't complain, When he's baby at first and is baby again. He had a young lady, a fully.grown doll, With vanity big, and her sense very small; For, asked if she had it, she took great offence, "Oh, nothing so common as plain common sense!" Her foot was quite small, yet her boots were "immense," And her last was regardless of time and expense; Her manners outside were not painfully shy, For turning her head was the easiest thing A young man could perform when she came on the wing, And, admiring or otherwise, winked on the sly. Her hair wasn't red, if her word e'er was trusted, And some folks believed her, explaining it thus: She stayed out one night in the rain with her Gus, Forgetting to dry it, and so it was rusted; But, anyhow, she was so snappish and crusty, That her airs and her charms were affected and musty; And she had no kind friends for assisting herself, Or a long time ago she'd been laid on the shelf. Now, they were out walking one nice blowing day, When hats and some garments were scudding away, And people with losers were running astray; Her hat was a big one-a small parasol; It kept off the sun, but, alas ! that was all, For the breeze'coming up caught the thing like a sail, And made her heart tremble and cheeks to grow pale, Till at last rude Boreas began to prevail, And away went the hat in the teeth of the gale; She hadfastened it down to her nice curling hair, But her hopes, like the tresses, were false-then and there The hai went away with the hat in the air; And there she stood bald, bawling over her loss, While her beau bounded over the causeway across; le came to the hat, bat-a fix to be in!- To reach it he didn't know how to begin, For his corsets and trousers were awfully tight- If he stooped, ten to one but they'd then disunite; So he clutched with his stick at the article fast- It caught-through the trimming the head of it passed. But, horror! the hair, broken off from the hat, Floated off in the air, going this way and that; A hair's-breadth it was, and by it it was lost, And far o'er the houses and buildings was tossed. He came to the dear, all lamenting and tears, And told of his loss with unspeakable fears; Her hair wasn't caught, though he caught It, I know- Next morning he seemed to be mournful and low; His hair had all vanished, though it was his own, And his air was as o'er him a tempest had blown. They now never speak, though they often pass by, And I'm sure none will ask such a question as " Why P" Ivanoi, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of aword is caluagod, to form another word in the narratveo.) 10.--Hr eyes had a violet colour, Would fill e'en a Stoic with care, And the lustre of gold was far duller Than the sheen of her beautiful hair; She had lips that resembled twin rosebuds That open when summer is nigh, But you couldn't discover this maid with a lover, F'or she was so awfully shy. If e'er for a dance you'd request her, No matter how much you unght say, No matter how hardly you pressed her, She always would answer you nay. If your voice admiration betokened, Or you glanced with affectionate eye, Not a sound could she utter, but sat in a flutter, For she was so awfully shy. If you tenderly asked in your error To meet her by moonlight alone, She would say, as she fainted with terror, "Depart 1" in a horrified tone. Than do anything so improper She said she would much rather die; She could gather no pleasures from taking such measures, For she was so awfully shy. So lovers who came in elation Were sent away heartbroken men; But very soon sought consolation From other fair maidens again. While she, sitting lone and deserted, Is left in her sorrow to sigh; And theolder she's getting the more sho's regretting That she was so awfully shy. CoTHuasus. 11.-0 queen of the "Tourney," behold a young knight Whose skill is untried in the " Tourney's " delight. As I enter the lists-an experience new- My modesty shrinks from the curious view Of the thousands assembled to witness the fray, Who, expectant, await the events of the day, And cheer for the riders whose skill and whose might Have so often been proved in the onset and light. O queen of the "Tourney," I'm not known to fame, And I have not appeared under any pen-name; I carry no title or name handed down From any great hero of ancient renown. I come from a city that often has sent Bold knights and fair ladies to this " Tournament;" A minstrel there chanted the praise of your name, And, attracted by beauty and virtue, I came. O queen of the " Tourney," pray grant me the chance With some of my compeers to venture a lance In this "Tourney," which rivals all those that are past For sport and for minstrelsy. Long may it last ! And long may those minstrels who sing in this place Continue to add to its lustre and grace! O'er the lists and the dais I've ventured a glance, And I think at outrivals the days of romance. G A. PoTrn, Liverpool. NARBRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chllanged to fonnrm another word in the narrativel 12.-In the gloaming, O my darling, When thy father is asleep, And the tom-cats, loudly squalling, Quickly to the housetop creep, Then, my darling, will I woo thee, Though thy brothet"s hob-nailed boot Lift me nicely o'er the garden, While I loudly echo "Brutel!" When themoon is softly beaming Will I pIight my troth to thee, Though thy father's Irish watchdog Sets his double teeth in me. 1E. J. SceOrsLD AND J. Lsexr.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-Ev'ry night the cats come singing round about my domicile, And their bodies I'll be stinging with a brick in a short while ; When they start their serenading, combs and primals fly out fast; Their departure thus I'm aiding, and I rest not till it's past. Cross Words. Pretty ever is my first, Round about; And second is of form the worst, I have no doubt. For my third you must select Something good; To sit out this M.P's elect, 'Tis understood. Loud and boisterous my aext, Jolly too; Sixth should make you very vexed, As 'twill do. Now at length the tlst I reach. Riddlers mine; It clings to you like any leech, I opine. R. L. JEFFERSON AND DROFFO. Foundation Word. 14.-When will all strife and discord cease, And every nation dwell in peace? And when, like other countries-free- Shall we our sister island see ? Cross Words. The Israelites, in days of old, Worshipped one of solid gold. This a certain bird will show ; 'Tis, in fact, a kind of crow. Its kindred, so you have been taught, Food unto this prophet brought. For fourth you have a kind of tree, Some insects, too, in it you'll see; They here much damage oft have done, And have been known to dim the sun. Tou nod, and nod, then off you go; 'Tis just a little sixth, you know. In London town, so old and vast, Upon St. Paul's, you'll find my last. F. PHILLIPS, Mlaidstone. Foundation Word. 15.-Most beautiful, yet terrible, I claim Of aught created the most time.honoured name; From the heavens I come, likewise the earth, And cause a good dinner, also a dearth. My power is great to renew or destroy, And full oft 1 cause both sorrow and joy; Many colours have I, red, white, and blue, Which quickly can change to a sable hue. But, oh-I tell it without thought of joke- Your efforts to find me oft end in smoke. Cross Words. When joyous spring her reign resumes, First fill the air with sweet perfumes. In days of old He proved too bold. Rich and poor alike well know me, Great attention ye all show me. Eternity Inlast you see. F. WOOD AND J. LEIGH. Foundation Word. 16.-In sunny California the primals bright is found : 'Tis not found growing on the trees, but buried in the ground. In Austral's isle 'tis also now in countless millions seen, And lately found in Wales it has by some prospector been. Cross Words. Myfirst is great, a sunny State, In Yankeeland I will relate, And where my birthplace lies; Beyond my this, whose wavelets kiss That happy land, a land of bliss Beneath the smiling skies; Near to my f-rst in Nature versed, In civic doings unrehearsed, The third does ever keep; Gone from its shore, seen now no more, The final Indian of yore, For ever gone to sleep. ArPosTROPE AND R. L. JeFFERsoN. Foundation Word. 17.--Beware, each love.siok primals, who By some fair maid'is smitten, Lest, for your soul-absorbing (g)love, She gives you but "the mitten !" Cross Words. A colour write, and then no doubt A Grecian sixth you'll see in second; I fourth written this when Thomas came Into the last, and to me beckoned, And third sventh, " Come and see our cat Fighting Smith's upon the wall." 1 shook my fist at him. Hullo! My con. is fifth, so that is all. A. AMBERLEY AND A. A. DYKES. E^TIGMA. 18.-I am black, 'm blue, and purple, And sometimes I may be green ; Without my aid you will confess This con. would never be seen. By lords and princes I am used, And also by the peasant; Bad news I sometimes show to you, And sometimes news that's pleasant. T. WARD, Dublin. TRANSPOSITION. (Transepos the letters in a word to form another word.) 19.-These letters five I hope you all may be; Transpose, and these no one is glad to see. MADEIRA.