RIDDLES.
EN is a Dushman not a Dushman ?-Ven he is afloat on a line. WTY is a man dig- ging a canoe like a boy whipped for making a noise?- Because he hollows. When are soldiers stronger than ele- phants ?-When they carry a fortress. Why has a clock a bashful appearance ?- Because it always keeps its hands before its face. Why is an adjective like a drunken man ? Because it can't stand alone. Why did Marcus Curtius leap into the gulf at Rome?-Because he thought it was a good opening for a young man. Why is wine spoilt by being converted into negus ?-Because you make a mull of it. Why is a baker like a judge in Chancery ? -Because he is Master of the Rolls. Why is a bad epigram like a blunt pencil? -Because it has no point. Why is a humorous jest like a fowl ?- Because it contains a merry-thought. Why is a schoolboy beginning to read like knowledge itself ?-Because he is'learning. Why is an egg underdone like an egg over- done ?-Because it is hardly done. Why is an Irishman turning over in the snow like a watchman ?-Because he is Pat rolling (patrolling). Why is the office of Prime Minister like a May-pole ?-Because it is a high post. Why does the conductor at a concert resemble the electric telegraph ?-Because he beats time. Why are the pages of this book like the days of this year ?-Because they are all numbered. Why does a smoker resemble a person in a furious passion ?-Because he fnmes. Why are grenadiers like the god of marriage ?-Because they are high men (IHymen). Why is a burglar using false keys like a lady curling her hair ?-Because he is turning locks. Why are tears like potatoes ?-Because they spring fronm the eyes. Why is this book like an evergreen ?- Because it is always full of leaves. Why should travellers not be likely to starve in the desert ?-Because of the sand which is (sandwiches) there. How did the sandwiches come into the desert ?- Noah sent Ham, and his descendants mustered and bred (mustard and bread). Why is a red-haired female like a regi- ment of infantry ?-Because she carries fire- locks. Why is a locomotive like a handsome and fascinating lady ?-Because it scatters the sparks and transports the mails (males). Why is a man's mouth when very large like an annual lease ?-Because it extends from ear to ear (year to year). Why were the cannon at Delhi like tailors ?-Because they made breaches (breeches). Why is a sheet of ,postage-stamps like distant relations:?-Because they are only slightly connected.' iIow can venison never be cheap ?-Because it is always deer (dear). Why is a pianist like the warder of a prison? -Because he fingers the keys. Why can no man say his time is his own ? -Because it is made up of hours (ours). When two men exchange snuff-boxes, why is the transaction a profitable one ?-Because they are getting scent per scent (cent. per cent.). Why is a 'curtain lecture like darkness ?- Because it lasts from night till morning " Why cannot dying wives make their wills
as well as dying husbands ?-Because the wives have their wills durinq their lives. Why should a broken-hearted single young man lodger offer his heart in payment to his landlady ?-Because it is rent. Why were the Russian accounts of the Crimean battles like the English and French? -Because they were all lies (allies). Why is a waiter like a race - horse ?- Because he rulis for the plate. Why is boots at an hotel like an editor ?- Because he polishes the understandings of his patrons. Why is a very plain commonplace female a wonderful woman ?-Because she is an extra-ordinary one. Why is a man not prepared to pay his acceptance when due like a pigeon without food ?-Because he has not provided for his bill. Why is a plum-pudding like a logical sermon?- Because it is full of raisins (reasons). Why are young children like castles in the air ?-Because their existence is only infancy (in fancy). Why is a ticket-porter like a thief?- Because he takes other people's property. When a horse speaks, why does he do so always in the negative ?-Because he neighs (nays). Why is a boiled herring like a rotten potato? -Because it is deceased (diseased). Why is a cat like a tattling person ?- Because it is a tail-bearer (tale-bearer). Why is it impossible that there should be one best horse on a race-course ?-Because you will always find a better (bettor) there. Why is my place of business like a baker's oven ?-Because I make my bread there. When is a thief like a reporter ?-When he takes notes. When is a book like a prisoner in the States of Barbary ?-When it is bound in Morocco. Why is a retired carpenter like a lecturer on natural philosophy'-Because he is an ex-plainer. Why are those who quiz ladies' bustles very slanderous persons ?-Because they talk of them behind their backs. Why is a gardener better paid than other tradesmen ?-Because he has most celery (salary). Why is my servant Betsy like a race- course?-Because she is a Bet in place (betting-place). Why is a most persevering admirer of a coquette like an article she carries in her pocket?--Because he is her hanker-chief (handkerchief). Why is a torch like the ring of a chain ? -Because it is a link. Why is a handsome and fascinating lady like a slice of bread ?-Because she is often toasted. Why does a Quaker resemble a fresh and sprightly horse ?-Because he is full of nays (neighs). bhy are men who lose by the failure of a bank like Macbeth ?-Because each has his bank-woe (Banquo). Why is a row between Orangemen and Ribbonmen like a saddle ?-Because there is a stir-up (stirrup) on both sides. Why is a prosy story-teller like the Thames Tunnel ?-Because he is a great bore. Why should well-fed M.P.s object to triennial parliaments ?-Because it puts them on short commons. Why are ladies so fond of officers ? Because every lady likes a good offer, sir (officer). When is the music at a party most like a ship in distress ?-When it sets the pumps agoming. Why is your first-born child like a legal deed ?-Because it is all-engrossing. Why is a hackney coachman like a conscientious man?-Because hie has an inward check on his outward action. Why is a milkwoman who never sells whey the most independent person in the world'? '-Because she never gives whey (way) to any one.
Why does a dog's tail resemble happineI Because, run after it as he will, lie casiest catch it. Why is an insolent fishmonger likely to get more business than a civil one ?-BLeean. when he sells fish, he gives sauce. Why are coopers like musical composers -Because they make use of staves. Why is Mrs. Caudle like a locomoti;, engine ?-Because she is always on the railj Why is a partner in a joint-stock concern like a ploughman ?-Because he is a sltar. holder. Why should a speculator use a hiih stiffener for his cravat ?-Because he would be sure of a rise in his stock. Why is a gipsy's tent like a beacon on the coast ?-Because it is a light-house. Why were the English victories in the Punjaub nothing to boast of ?-Because they were over Sikh (sick) armies. Why are Cashmere shawls like persons totally deaf ?-Because you cannot smake then here (hear). Why is a ship just arrived in port like a lady eagerly desiring to go to America? Because she is hankering after a voyaeo. Why may the Commissioners for Metro. politan Improvements never be expected to speak thl truth ?-Because with them mend. a-city (mendacity) is a duty. When is a wall like a fish ?-When it i= scaled. When is a ball not a ball ?-When it is snowball (no ball.) Why is chloroform like Mendelssohn or Rossini?-Because it is one of the greatest composers of modern times. Why is a sword that is too brittle like an ill-natured and passionate man ?-Because it is snappish and ill-tempered. Why are steamboat explosions like short. hand writers leaving the House of Commons? -Because they go off with reports. Why is the profession of a barrister nc: only legal, but religious ?-Because it in- volves a knowledge of law, and a love of the profits (prophets). Why ought a superstitious person to be necessarily temperate ?-Because he is afraid of spirits. Why are the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes like sailors at sea ?-Because they are a-board. How is a successful gambler always an agreeable fellow ?-Because he has suec, twinning ways. Why should the ghost in Hamlet have been liable to the window-tax ?-Because he ha.: glazed eyes. Why does a donkey prefer thistles to corn' -Because he is an ass. Why is a whirlpool like a donkey?- Because it is an eddy (a neddy). When would a bed make the best hunting ground ?-When it is made anew for rest (a new forest). Why are the labours of a translator likel to excite disgust? Because they produce a version (aversion). Why is steam power in a locomotive like the goods lading a ship ?-Because it makes the car go (cargo). Why was Grimaldi like a glass of gool brandy-and-water?-Because he was a tzcublcr of first-rate spirit. Why is a man in gaol and wishing to be omt like a leaky boat ?-Because he requires bailing (baling) out. Why is a congreve box without the matches superior to any other box ?-Because it ' matchless. Why was Phidias, the celebrated sculptor, laughed at by the Greeks ?-Because they stud he cut a pretty figure. Why are hlothouse.plants like drunkards?- Because they have so many glasses occ) anlu above. Why may a professor without students be said to be the most attentive of all teachers -Because lie has only two pupils and they are always in his eye. When is a maiden most chaste (chased).- When she is most ran after.