RIPPLE rIIOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. 'ord hich reld , rald or f rcardru s is still the same, ex- gw .hdlh press.d i l ulh n "iLrrsuo.)
1.I T r ,,eadingb this our paper, while without the Fath'rti vaponr T--e apraeti of iiight betokened, with its dews both Sd:mup and hoar. hhrnOgh thoe p:ies I was speeding, of the flight of time unh55eetifg, For mI Itind was bent on reading all its tales and riddling lore ; Fes yr1l mind!a was bent on reading all its tales and riddjiini lore- Only this, and "nothing more." Ihad reached the final pages, when, upon that one where raves FriernlY bout 't wixt riddling sages, my glad optics ddownwards Lbore. hire bis, T:Lyh'"s grand petition, that the knights within her vision sishuld, in each his composition, all the absent ones iutil *re To return unto the " Tourney," its existence not i Canlught my eyes, and " nothing more." podwhen o,.ce that finue elusion I had finished, in con- c.u i ,u.. I res .l,.d a contribution my poor brain should soon noitllr tr IeIwrie' it tomw uhti gladly, thongh I four '11 do itbadly, liy ti think 'itwenl'i grieve us ,aal.ly did we lose those nkulLts i yorre'- dgosniste., li sir, Denaunches, and some other knights of yore-- Were they absent " evermore." There are othrrs, though, quite near us who, I hope, will nlso hLear us, By their cos. and riddles cheer us, as they oft have done I-efore : I refer to COulson, VWallis, and to Gow (that bard so }Ihl , a,ppr to find a solace in tht' "Olympic's" temptint g shore; But they Id-it, saend to the " Tourney," from th' u lympiic'' " ph a-ant shorn, Cuo:s. ,nl rtddles- ' n, thinug more." ien, vi bhavls be up and doing, faithful still the muse I pursuil, Till, re.w:aed for your wooing, you'll write riddles by th' sonre Itpy thlien each knight's condition, when he views his task's e.tmpletion, And, though keen may Le his vision, sees no truants to delp ore. Then, ye absent bards, return, that we no truants may del'" 're, And we'll ask for " nothing more." i). Alo:its, Glasgow. MIONOPHONE. itWords ot ditferellt iite:Ltiti. tite t eo san e in soluid.) ?,-Tint ah Lin:g was a gay Chinese belle, S niti nIt, please observe. wea her iomne. Now, it p.ins me-but, there. I muest tell TiM tale she ha- senlt o'er the fount. Sie reid let me see, was it diatly Or wcekI ?-bult no matter which- She reaIl (she hnie'w English quite gaily) Our I'. PP.. pages so rich; Buat nsst Bah delighted-I find by her notc- Peruning the " Tournament" sings. Ting ah Ling chose a punster one week; Perhaps you will ask that one's it nte. Don't you wish you may get it? Pr ly seek, 'Tis one fairly well known tc fame. She c'nmmitteto her favourite's best To Cent'ry's mysteri'us care, Aid she'd r.dlly feel greatily d ist.ressedl ael.i lbsent that one was from there : Yes, m tat she deli-hted-I find by her note- Pe'rusing this riddler's songs. Tint alh Ling made her nein'l up at last; -'he wrote that great riddler. Said she, W"i l' Immnense-pilles of-sonlg' de-gnl to c.ht Oi? ia cn,. that shall sing 0tbo it mne r" 'Trws vainl ! fir her grandl fnavorite failed! her. "Is life worth a tIthoighl ?" she exclainmed, So keen was the g' ief that nasseilled her, Aad wonld till that one was tprocltaimted. YeI, onc- she delichlted-it's otherwise now-- Perusing that riddler's songs. Tine aeh Ling thought the tlim had arrived W'hn it st o'er that p1ri'uld's bright day Should frown, so ahe neatly contrived 'To drop a few lines down my way. 'Tis with sorrow approach I ilmy tusk- Woull that note awacn were ten mile 0 ! Ye laurel-wrel-wrathed ridellers, I ask You henceforth to shun, not love, Phio .' Ahlt, o, ce she delighted-it's otherwise now: She'll never more sing '' Tourney " songs. AcGONInSTI:S. ACROSTIC. A tiordor words. toirnm d o t;'. Ititial letters of other words.) PFoeltldtion Wlored. .--Out-,loors the air is fresh and strong, And sounds of merry lnhonr rise Thieu Jellow glistening fields along, Where oft the sun's ray quivering glows and dies. Then whlen the plenteous store is brought, And gathered to its resting-place, The lium of pleasure, deat ly bouglht, beriegs merriment and humour to each face. .und all the season praising, hail Aud lift their voices loud and high, iPef,,re the winter's piercing gale With thunder in its voice, sweeps madly by. Cross l'Words. When tempest-driven they cnn see, Their place of refuge near at hand, The terrors of the darkness fler, At..l hope is greeted by the struggling band. Strong, and in purpose stronger still, With promise of a victory sure, The tales of its repelling fill l he mind with confidence and joy secure. Careerin, here and there a:t will, With his hand raised 'gainst every one, The terrors of his work inl: il Dire fear in those who in his pathway run. WVThen slet he, to his spirit caume A nameless shape, foreboding ill; 1lutt vanished like a meteor flatllte, When morning rose above the rocky hill. - eeontred with his lance and shield, With noble spirit brave and true; Wi'th breast to every dannger steeletl. Ii every cause of right his sword he drew. Reewitching with her many arts, luer web around his heart she weaves, 'i1ll on his mid a memory darts, And far away Hope sits and ever grieves. Whene'er they hear its warning blare, They straightwasy ull the feast forsake ; Then for the onwaitd march premeare, And to the rendezvous their journey take. IVAoeeos, Belfast.
DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters or a wor i to form another word.) 4.-" Sing ho !" said the stalwart chieftain bold, " The flags must be hoisted gay; To-morrow the g.,od Sir Dsunstall Hood Will carry his bride away. The halls must be decked, for the maiden is fair, And a red, red rose she will wear. " ping hey !" said the stalwart clhiftain bold, " Sir Ilunstall's domains are wide. And beauty each inged for prinut 1 guold Will auswer my heart's fond pride. \ly child shall be decked with his jewels rare, And a red, red rose she will we tr." The night passed away, and the morn appeared As hright as a morn could be; But the lt of a bird Can be faintly heard O'er the diem, dark moats Where a fair form floats While a sprig of the cypress tree Calmly lies undisturbed on the still. cold breast, For the maid is for aye at rest l MARIoN TAYLon, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRA5MS. (Cha,:tge the first two letters of a \iv rd to forta another word, ex- proetn-ld it the narrative.) 5.-Stone girls are foulnd of dresses gay, Wear sttmething new nigh every day, ItBt little bills forget to pay- Not you my dear, not you ! Some follow Fashion's flithty lead, To all her laws pay wiliiwg heed, And thus a selfish folly breed- Not you, my dear, sit you ! Some girls to theatres will go Night after night wi h Tomut or Jog, To gtaze at love-sick Romeo- Not you, my dear, not you! Some like to promenade the park, To meet, perchauce. some gallant "spark," And speak of it as but a " lark "- Not you, my dear, not you! Some girls delight to ponder o'er Vteak, trashy, sent imental lore, Anud " novelettes " read by the score- Not you, my dear, not you ! Some fall in love, and muiely cry 1F,,r each new face that u:s,-ecs by, And simper, ogle, mo in, tund sigh- Not youi, my dear, not you ! But some there are supremely wise, In whom no selfish spirit lies; Such girls all men of sense most prize- Like you, my dear, like you ! Some lead a quiet, modest life, Avoiding all unseemly strife; Just such a one must be my wife- Like you, my dear, like you ! I'trto, Glasgow. 6,-Pray tell us why the letter 1) Is like a ritng. O ladies dar ? It's no m-c asking "' Tourt'ey" knights, For they're " awfully" insincere. Yet, Esine thlt.y all so clever are, And tilt so, bravely in tie fray, We will not any sex dlebar, And so, come oun, come all, we pra . Perchance A ou've heard this con. before, A few of you ? If not, we vow You'll have to give it lupI, and so We give the answer to it now. The reason why the letter D Is like a ring (as first we said) Is tlhis--O tilters in the " T."- Without it, w'e couild not lie i'rd! Dii o.sos AND ARCItHE B. NARRATIVE OMPEGIRA3. (The last letter of a word is chaur,-l to form another word in tihe tiasrrit -e.1 7.-With great surprise did I, a few weeks since, espy That V. D. T., with humour quite provoking, tHadL written in the " T." a riddle in whiclh he Asserted that he'd found John Stocks w:as Jo-King. A monarch of the " T." I ne'er aspired to be, And to gain that proud position ne'er expected; But to hear that I am Stocks my fe. lings r-ally -hociks, Though that bard by me is known and much respected. Now, V. D. T. shall know that Johni y is niot Jo, Althongh for jokiug Johnny praise doth merit, And if V. t . T. comes round to L hmbers 'twill be found That he really canunot claim to be a ferret. He wants to call me Stock(k)ing! It really is quite shctling To thinuk how I should suffer, like a martyr; My ire is getting high, so to his notice I Would recommend the motto on "the Garter." Post.lcripttln. Now, I think, after all, a friendly drink- A raup of tea-together would be pleasant, So when he comes to town, if to Lambeth he'll come down, Soon he will see at tea that three are present. Jo-KzIeG, Lambeth. OMIEGIRAM. (The lastletter of a word is ehiusl.ed to form another word.) S.-The substance of this con. is about- Well, nothing particular. Now, you need not all commence to shout At nothing particulatr. First, to write s, mre riddtls I've begun, And though next yet have I made a pun, Still, in the famed " Tourney " I have won- Well, nothing particular. T. WARD, Dublin. NARRATIVE BETAGRAIDI. (Change the second letter of a word to formll :imother word, ex- prlessed in the narratiie.I 9.-Dear maids, I love all-all of yeu, The merry and the saddened; And when I help amuse or cheesr, How vastly am I gladdened ! I love the pretty, wild-wood flowers, The avenues of blue; Awl when they smile within their hbocr's, I liken them to you; For how the hearts of men are bnoyed With what your nature yields ! Your blushes, to, are like the hues Of blossoms of the fields. And yet I love to hear you weep, To catch your faintest sigh; Reminding osse of sylvan dews That bring the sunshine niuh. I fainl would ne'er reprove nor check Your merry little crimes ; They are but clangings f oit your ie ll(,), That know far sweeter chiumes. And men may sneer, as I have done, As penitent become; Lut, minus ye, what shoull we be? And where the happy home ? V. D. TAYLOR, Warringtun. CONUNDRUM. 10.--feigh ho, heigh he, derry down derry, With a hop and a skip let us try to be merry; Heigho, and hillo, Dick, Tom, and Jerry, Hip, skip, and fiddle, with Irey diddle diddle. Cam knights of the "Tourney " entouniter a riddle ? What absorbs the atthntion when cut through the middle ' LuccsiTs.
NARRATIVE LIETAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is clihaged, to form another word in the inarrauve.) 11.-Dost remember, friend, that summner's afternoon, When in the darksome woods we made a vow 'I hat friends we e'er would te P-and friends we're now. Dust remember, friend, that summer's afternoon ? I remember, friend, that seciumer's afternoon : I know we both went fi-hiug in the like, And that we both fell in-how you did quake ! I remember, friend, that summner's afternoon. Dost remember, friend, that summenr's afternoon We sketched the glisteniung gems of Nature's hand, And thought there ne'er was such a happy land ? Dost remember, friend, that summer's afternoon? I remember, friend, that summer's afternoon, The biggest gem of Nature was a cow, Who took me on its horns-I feel it now. I remember, friend, that summer's afternoon. Dost remember, friend, that siminuer's afternoon, When underneath the blue, celestial sky We watched the sinuinri irds all h nueward fly ? Dost remember, friend, that suinnler's afternoon I remember, friend, that summer's afternoon, How earnestly we watched the busy bee, And how it came and stuun b cth you and me. I remember, friend, that summer's afternoon. Dost rememuber, friend, that summer's afternoon, How haud in hand we wandered far and near? I thought that I had ne'er a friendl so dear As thee iny friend, that snmimer's afternoon. I remcumber, friend, Ithaet siiumnore's afternoon, Iiow late it was when towar's our home we went, Aud how about our backs a rod was bent I I remember, friend. that sunimuer's afternoon! E. \V. AcuDIEws AND E. N. IT~atnts. 12.-Jub Brown was a rum sort of fellow ! lIe walked ,on his feet. And thouright it a treat 'To wear a moustache that was yellow. Job Brown was a rum sort of fellow i " All actor," said he, "I think I will be, And r.stonish them as ' Othello !' " Job Brown was a ruin sort of fellow I He eilffed with h.s nose; lHad corts on his toes, Which, when trod on, caused him to be::ow. Job Brown was a rum st rt of fellow Quite a " mash" was he WIh,n out on the spree, And 1re delighted to get " mellow." Job Brown was a ruin sort of fellow! lie wore a tight boot; Could play on the flute, As well as the violoncello. Job Brown was a rum sort of fellow A tear should be shed, For now lie is dead. And the last word uttered was " IHello !" Timt, \Maunclester. 11.-N llieb Watson, I will write- Syven into darksome eight- L ays of s) nrpathetic praise, I ylung dormant umany dais; I admire your spar-kling verse, E very con. so bright and terse. WV ill you now accept from me A poor trii,,te, as you see- i rinute to your sterling museo, S nch as none would care to lose ? O( 'er your h ad may fortune dwell ! N ellie Watson, now farewell ! It. L. JEFeEnRSOy, London. HMETAGRAMS. IChanea the first letter of it wornt to form another word.) 11.-Oh, gaily I first up my lyre, And, casting aside meiaucholy, I eint; with a hearty desire To necit you good-humoured and jolly. Of course, if I do not succeed, You miust not blalne Inc as a singer; MIy vol e I imagrine, indeed, For yea'-s in your memory will linger! Oh. happy tiam I, for to-day My mnse, quite repentant, returninig, Inls made me so blitheso mt and gay, Who for long have her absence been mourning. At a certain resort by the sea, Where we spent a short time in the summer, I rhanced to offeud her, so she Went off looking glum, and I glummer! But now that she's deigned to return, And seems so repentant and humble, I've not been too "grumpy" or stern, Though I think I've had reason to grumble. A. AaMBERnLEY, Manchester. 15.-Swiftly the potboy slipped round the back door, Calling for Mary Jane, the sweet kitchen.m:rid. He first on the door next, acid praising her beauties, Sweetly sang to her, and this is what he said:- "Oh, sweetly I sing unto thee, tra la, And wait your pe-rmnission to be, tra la, Your own little hubby, My darling, so chubly- Oh, please, just with cme to aeree, tra ]a." " I ain't such a flat as yer thinks, yah, yah, And I'll stop all yer bloomig high jilnks, yah, yah," The sweet maiden replies, As " two lovely black eyes" She bestows in a couple of winks, ha, ha! Still yet the potboy lingered round the doorstep, Longing still yet for couunhial felicity, When suilileuly a broomstick appeared in the atmo. sphere, Then he skedaddled like greased electricity. HUCKLEBERRY SINN. 1G.-Ono first, while walking in Regent-street, A tr,tlnp came along and asked for a treat; In reply I lifted up one of my feet-and He knew it. A masher in sympathy wanted to know The reason I treated the poor man so. Said I, " Mr. Masher, I'd advise you to go, or You'll know it." In a very short time there had gathered a mob, Who brought a policeman, who endeavocured to rob; lHe said, "If you d,.n't quickly tip up a bob, You'll know it." I was taken in front of a virtuous beak, Aid be said I'd to last for this innocent frenrk, Or the option of going to "quod" for a week-and I knew it. E. Ic. AND R... W. A. 17.-'Twas down by the old windmill I lay, 'Twas there I used to roam; I recollect the very day I, reckless, left my home. The first which now around me stand As schoolmates I had known; And how to hold their last in hand, From me they had been shown. '. W. ManurmwoD. ENIGMA. i8.-I have no wings, and yet I fly; I am neo bitd, yet seekl the sky.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a, word. leav in; another word.l 19.-Light, oh, light my evening taper, Pass mn up ncy Young Foklos Paoer; O ce again I'll spend an hour, Happy in its pleasant power. noon " The Princess" am I reading; Then for " Virgie " gently pleading That she let no wroen be done her, That she trust the man who won her. "Sky High " now my thoughts are flying, But the co d is very trying ; As I leave the Arctic regious, "'Simple Pleasures" swarm in legions; Then I greet them, young and hoary, " Beggars all in Song and Story." " Gone the hour !" cries my sister; "Make it two," I said, and hissed her. " Horrid boy, you've spoiled my hair!" But I heard not; dear ' Ed.'s chair" Claimed my earnest, thoughtful care. Neatly through " Olympic " going, Field where reaping follows sowing, Careful ploughinzg, weeding, tceinug. What is this that now I'm nearing ? Page of pages most endearing, Riddledom ! O riddledum, Unto thee at Ilast I've come ! First, the queen, with bow I greet her, Glad am I, indeed, to meet her ; For but lately she made mention Of my name (a pu, e invention). List unto me, knights and ladies, I, Christella, not a maid is, But a simple son of jinl, Known as Mr.-not as riiiaal. Waxing was I most poetic, When I felt a touch magnetic, Felt my sister grasp my hair, Raising me from out my chair. " Second hour's gone, departed ! Off to bed you must be started." " Oh, dea," sis, pray have pity- You're the bes girl in the city I Ten more minutes, dearest jewel ? Ah, I knew you wouldn't he cruel!" "Our Letter-hBox" I then read o'er, And when I'd finished wished for mior. 882, a splendid number ! Good night, riddlers, I must slumber. C. P. IMIIrCXcLL. 20.-If a man feels rat.her last, To the chemist lie should go, And ibuy of him a firr:t or two; 'Twill maule him well, I know. LANCTICLLS AND I. T. WYIIEELER. 21.-If a bird yon do behead, Another you will have instead. 11. CARTER. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a worl to formlnuothe:" word, ex- pressed iin the n:lrratitve.j 22.-I cau sing, sing, sing, And make the " Tourney'' ring; O(pen wide it s famnous portals, I would ciharm those happy mortals That. to it fondly cling. Though I nlways have been pitied For my di-corldant voice, In the " T''urney," if admitted, I' I make you all rejoice. Open wide its famou0 portals, I can sing, sing, sing. I can play, play, play, An old or moidern lay, On a guinen concertina To my sister Ang..lina On a fine summer's day. And my in teresting neighbou rs Will gather round my door, When they've ceased their daily labours, To listen and encore. On a guinea concertina I can play, play, play. I can light, fight, fight, For honour, truth, and right, In these " Tournamental" pages, Which I hope will live for ages, Like a true, gallant knight. A nil when somne b, anueoos lady Her thrilling glances dart, Though my path be long and shady, I'll seek to win her heart. In these "' Tourua:mntal" pages I can fight, light., fight. W. C. BUCKLEY, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Forteisdi on a word eacin syllable or which n "* wnort.) 23.-My first to you a man's name will give, 'Tis neither Tom nor Dick; Second's a note--not a ten.pound one. But a key.nute in music. Johnson says my thIird is a name Of counterfeit china-ware; People who often use thin word, Of then you should beware. Miy ft th is the sume as second, An article 'tis defined; Whole's an American city- I hope that it you'll lind. J. BliRRELL, Belfast. 21--M yhole's a feathero i songster who Oft thrills us with its son So swe t and clear; 'twould pleasure be, To hear it all day long. Second the mfir.t a third arose. The wind was fierce andl high. And as it blew across the sea, It seemed to sob and sigh. CAROLIst: HOLLOWAr.