The Riddler·
1. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word). Dear Ed., I've been worried of late, Existence is getting a bore; Far into the nighfc have I sate Conning this dark problem o'er— Does a string of expletives e'er break ? I wish also to mention the fact, (Oh ! dear, don't I wish I had done), By another my poor first is racked; An important and heart-rending one— Does a " last of thought" ever collide ? I'm nearing the end of my task, (In fact, ifc is making me sore), So the lasfc query I wish to ask Is, are riflemen true to the core ? Don'fc answer of córese they are. A. Butler. 2. ACROSTIC. My first's by small boys much abused, (I don't see how ifc can a-mews) ; Next flies by night, lies hid by day, When other birds are oufc afc play. Sweet month, when flowers bloom again ! (By Jove ! I've poetry on the brain). Beneath a tree my fourth is found By digging deep down in the ground. Next smiling village ere I come back again, I hope the dentist will remove this pain. In yon bright sixth where sang the linne I;, (Hallo ! my foot again is in it). ¡Sweet next ! your father's only hope and joy· (Confound it ! Blow your nose, you dirfcy boy !). Last years ago, one beauteous morn. (I'd better stop, our Ed. begins to storm).
Foundation Word. Primals for ever let us stand In friendship's harmony ; No rivals in our riddling band, All mirth and jollity. A. Butler. »> α. CHARADE. Over my first my second rules When he is perfect in my whole, And by my third is oft convey'd From shore to shore and pole to pole. W. VY. 4. RIDDLE. A word of four letters I pray you take, If that word you follow 'twill soon make you ache. Just alter that word and squeeze in one letter Then follow that word, and 'twill soon make you better. 5. CHARADE. In mosb large towns my first you'll meet, Always going along the street, Sometimes by steam, sometimes by horse, Always keeping within one course ; If it was abolished 'twould be a pity For people going into the city. My second's a name for a mother's joy, A little baby, girl, or boy, If you've a favourite dog or cat, It's the name thafc you'd apply to that ; And ardent lovers many times 'tis reckoned Often get into my second. My tvhole to many people gives work, It is used alike, by Briton and Turk, It's a great pedestrian, I'll be bound, For it covers many a mile of ground ; It is often trampled under your feet, And without it a household would not be complete. 8. (Formed on a word, each syllable of which is a word.) Young Freddy was just eight years old, And was extremely rude ; One day his mother came to him, And asked him if he should 6. HIDDEN RIVERS. I journeyed once to London town, And on the pavement I slipped down. Fine kippers come from Aberdeen ; I had a pair for my tea. There was a brass band on the pier ; It nearly broke the drum of my ear. J. W. Helps. CHARADES. I love first more than I can tell. She's loveliness itself, and—well, She's sweeter far than fairest belle, And on my knees I will ifc yell. Darling Lily, say that you Love me as you ought to do ; That you'll let me kiss thoso lips (Or at least those finger tips !). Sweetest, say you'll be my own. No ? Oh ! how my vitals groan ! I entreat thee, be not vexed ; I'll go !—'tis needless, dear, for you to next. Down the stairs I troubled stagger; Oh, for an unblunted dagger ! To my rooms at last I roll, And sup contented off my ivhole. Monsieur Rigaud.
Like to go to his cousin's house, As they'd sent round to see, " If little Freddy please would come And with them take some tea." "Oh yes," said Freddy, "I will go." And forthwith ho was dressed By mamma dear, who with deft hands Arrayed him in his "beat." To auntie's house Freddy soon came, And soon himself elici seat At table, then snatched up fi rst next, Which he began to eat. His aunt looked up astonished quite ; Fred tried to look quite meek ; But after tea no one would third With him, or to him speak. So greedy Fred was left alone All the long evening through ; He deserved it for his greediness. I think so. " Don't you ?" Nemo. ENIGMA. 9. An animal timid am I, In the green fields I lie ; Either way I read fche same. Riddlers, can you tell me my name ? Poor Jack. TRANSPOSITION. 10. My first means an increase ; If you transpose it right, You have an ancient city Of majesty and might. R. Armstrong. VERBxVL CHARADE. 11. My first is in heart, But not in soul ; My second is in wood, Also in coal. My third is in monk, But nofc in nun ; My fourth is iu rifle, But not in gun. My fifth is in barge, But not in boat ; My sixth is in trousers, Bat not in coat. My seventh is iu journal, But not in book ; My eighth is in gape, But not in look. My whole, if you WiU read aright, A present topic Will come to light. S. W. Steven. WORD SQUARES. 12. A sundial's useless my first without ; Nexťs the sense that anything contains. My third the Russians would like to rout, 'Without doubfc. You'll find this is the reins. Do not do rJiis, the last, to me, or I'm afraid you'll never see me more. H, W. Stevens. Ausweis to Last Week's Biddle:?. 1. Water. 2. Clad, lad. 3. Gladstone : glad, lad, lads, stone, tone, ton, to, one, on. 4. Look, leek, lock, lark, luck, link, 5. Slate, late,