THE PUZZLER.
487.—FIVE PRIZE REBUSES. Вт M. Меььетт. 1.— ": Fart of a ship, an insect small, A noble beast, and what we all * İIf what the gossips say is true)— mean the ladies—like to do. 2,— A little fish, an ornament, Apples of earth, a pleasant scent, An embryo bird, a queenly flower , To grace а gay parterre or bower. 3.— Most delicate and whitest meat ; ' A cold and most delicious sweet ; The kernel of an Indian fruit ; - A fish, а fowl, а plant, а root. 4.— A OBBEDY bird, а pin, а tree, A flag that floate o'er land and sea, A daffodil, a blackamoor, Applause that means "again, once more." 5.— A fish, deformed, а water-fowl, ' A Chinese plant for drink, a vowel, A kind of serpent seldom seen, What's charming on a moonlit green. Read down the prunaie. We are famed x By epicures we oft are named, On dinner-tables every day A most important part we play ; For soup, and fish, and joint, and game Without our flavours taste the same, Or nearly so. We're all well known From torrid to the frigid zone ; We're used in palace, hall, and cot. And two are aoids, three are hot. 488.—TWELVE PRIZE ANAGRAMS ON THE NAMES OF CELEBRATED LIVING WRITERS. .. . ■ Вт Jadíes Mason. 1.—Ho ! a care of a true, truly clever Irish name. 2.—Yet often rest alone upon rare laud. 3.—Jeer bail, high minister and noble author. 4.—He rose to that truly rare, famous, star scholar. 5.—I bear this just or famed one. 6,—Old noble, or warm, healthy, truthful poet. 7.—О ! but she dared write from her heart's core ! 8.—Hoy 1 fame to thy pen, or lore on a truth for all. 9.—Hence opens how this famed writer won all glory. 10.—Rioh wonders for lars, apes. 11,—Now, lad, with the great, the glorious, liberal man.
12.—La 1 in master of the boards I do cut a rare odd cutting wit. 489.-TRIPLE ACROSTICS. 1.-« Ye Cŕ. J. riddlers, list awhile, A riddle I shall try ; ' Th' attempt by me may cause а smile, f E'en so : I ehall not—cry. 1 Acrostics, single, double ; ; Charades quite full of trouble ; Enigmas, too, you'll find j Conundrums good and bad, i The worst that can be had | (The work of gents of mind) ; I Square words and diamond puzzles (Which each subscriber guzzles), I And a very great deal more : In the B. S., G.J., Best Journal of the day, Though there be many a score. The riddle ? Oh yes ; you shall have It : 1. In Socotra the best of these grow j But remember the final to cut off. You've done it ? Then on let us go. 2. How delightfully green at this season Are these with their boughs and their leaves 1 3. I am certain 'tis not without reason These vermin are trapped—oh, the thieves ! 4. In French this is sure to be " here :" I Am certain there's nothing hard in it; 5. And this a species of verse is. The prize ? Yes, I wish I may win it. 2,—The golden sun pours down his beams. The babbling brooks run dry ; \ Each lake, each stream with young life teams v i With myriads of fry. Now Nature wears her richest dress Of beauteous, gorgeous green ; The fields, the woods, the wilderness Display their verdant sheen. 1. Of " song " in Latin 'tis a case; 2. To be lenient this, 'tis true ; S. T' object is this—ay, to your face. My friends, this puz. undo. D. Fitzgerald. F
490.—ENIGMA ON A WORD. The riddle which I now put forth May be of much or little worth. I beard it years ago in prose, And now the same in verse propose : It bas one sound (how rhyming fetters I) Yet if you drop the first two letters, A word of two sounds will be seen, With sense like tbe first word, I ween. The words referr'd to you may view In doctors' books and Scripture, too. T. Hall. The answers to Fuzzier in this number will appear in No. 111. *% For answers to Puzzler in No. 99, please see preceding page.