THE PUZZLER.
s e n o t n s r s , e s " , - p : 7 554.-ENIGMA. I'm found in all the haunts of man, Laid down in eaoh surveyor's plan ; A useful servant I become, And oomfort bring to many a home. I do not walk, but yet I bring Eresh water from the neighbouring spring. The Indian's hut I serve to grace, Tet I adorn the dandy's faoe ; And though I caunot die, I'm drowned, And buried underneath the ground. Sometimes I'm worth my weight in gold, But oft am for a farthing sold. I do not live, but yet I'm fed ; No limbs have 1, yet I've a head ; And travellers agree to tell A certain nation likes me well, Whose citizens use me all day— Infaot, I'm never put away. In every house and room I've been, And everyone my form has seen ; But you've discovered me, no doubt. Tou haven't ? Why, then, put me out ! John Scott. T 555.—HLDDEN WORDS. Within these lines six fruits lie here concealed j To perseverance soon you'll find they'll yield. . The sun was fading in the west, And elowly all things sank to rest, When I went forth so neatly dress'd, To meet my love. The twinkling stars—like jewels bright For angels' crowns—shed their soft light, While, silv'ring all, the moon so white Majestio reigned. Ah ! I can see that fluttering dress, Whose wearer is all loveliness ; Fresh hope arises as I forward press To clasp her form. With lip to lip, we show our love is true : Kate dropped a tear, then uttered, " Geòrgie, you Have been so long in coming, but I knew Tou would not fail." " Eate dear," I said, and kissed her on her brow, " If ï gain but your father's leave, you'll vow To wed me in another month from now ?" She whispered, ·· Tes." H. L. Bbamall. 556.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. He's snugly now in harbour moored, Where hammocks need no stowing ; He's never called to shorten sail, No matter how it's blowing. 1. Though not a freemason, I know what this is j 2. In this the nobility often dresses. 3. When a ship's in distress 'tis turned upside down ; 4, I travel by this when I'm going to town. 5. The name of a tribe, Holy Writ now explore ; 6. This verb three letters contains, and no more. 7. Now this, you'll see, is a cheat or a fraud ; 8. I often at school had a taste of this rod ; 9. There are four in a watch—now, is it not odd ? T. HALL·. 657.-CHARADES. 1.—Mr first is delightful when summer is coming, When hedges with many a blossom are gay ; When bees flitting by in the sunlight are hum¬ ming, And lambs iu the meadow in innocence play. The meadow, that once bore the name of my second, Ah me ! what a difference if you transpose 1 A source of unbounded misfortune 'tis reckou'd, Of want, of ill-temper, reproaches, and blows. And when through the woodland my first you are taking, Perhaps you may hear a report or a crash ; It often announces my third to be breaking ; My whole may be got from the oak or the ash. A. Scobeb. 2.— Mt first's a sign of admiration, Fright, surprise, or sudden pain j My next is mightier than the sword, To quote old Bulwer's phrase again j A passage clear my whole may show, So pray tell me this little bon mot. W. B. Mason. 558.—VERBAL PUZZLES. 1.— To G, L, S, H, an F and T, Four A's and M must added be ; Two N's and O's, and then transpose, And a famed riddler they'll disclose. 2.— To I, O, U, S, and two C'a, Add F, U, N ; then, if you please, Transpose aright, and you will scan In them a famous Chinaman. Jas. Whittakkb. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 133. *** For answers to Fuzzier iu No. 121, please see preceding page.