THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture Questions set in the April number were those of WINIFRED GRACE GILBY, I, South View, Milton Road, Weston-super-Mare, to whom a prize of Ios. 6d. is awarded, and ANNIE K. CARRICK, II, Peterborough Street, Gateshead-on-Tyne, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- i. Mention three instances from Scripture of great faith, and say in what way it was rewarded in each case. 2. In which of the Epistles do we find a high commendation of the virtue of Hope? Quote the verses. 3. Give three references from Scripture to the season of summer. 4. How do we know from Scripture that the study of the stars was familiar to its most ancient writers ? II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles set in our April number were those of MARY MACKENZIE, Drummond, Evanton, Ross-shire, N.B., to whom a prize of los. 6d. is awarded, and CLAUDE ScorT, Tyrol House, Aigburth Drive, Liverpool, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles :- ENIGMAS. I am a child of Light, Though best seen in the night. My shape and size and place so often change; My presence you can trace, Yet I occupy no space. With you through all the world am free to,range. A plant, or stone, or signal bright, Or if you choose I will swing light. If stream, or land, or air don't show, Exhaust your strength my name to know. Of forms I may be found in three, With different names assigned to me, As viewed by sight. At times am stiff and dead through cold, Anon through main and mead run bold, Then regions hot my wings unfold In airy flight.
DECAPITATIONS. Behead, curtail, then what is left My whole would rectify. With tail rejoined, but head bereft, That change I will supply. Behead once more, your life I close, And to make this secure, Remake, curtail ; my name then shows That you assent for sure. Now once behead and twice curtail, To find nme whole you cannot fail. If twice curtailed, I then appear Upon the trees and flowers each year. Curtail again, and you will view A region vast, but dangerous too. Remake and twice behead, then say, Am I not over you each day ? My whole behead and twice curtail. Apply what then remains To find my whole ; you cannot fail- You've done it by your pains. Behead a weight and leave a sound. Curtail a fright and leave a wound. Behead a fruit and leave a grate. Curtail a hut and leave a mate. Behead a frown and leave a hood. Curtail a town and leave it rude. Behead reluctant, and leave a solemn affirmation. Behead to consume slowly, and leave was conveyed. Behead to boast, and leave a relation. Behead lifted up, and leave slow. Behead smallest, and leave towards the rising sun. Behead the present occasion, and leave formerly. CHARADE. My first you've had once in your time, And at my whole it must have been ; My last, again, in every clime Men every day must have, I ween; Yet of my whole you have but one, For fixed my last my first has done. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN MAY. Riddle.-Spring. Charade.-Amen. Numerical Enigma --Trailing Arbutus, Sugar, Tub, Rail, Tin. Cross Word Emgma.-Vernet, January. Fish Puzzle.-Smelt, Sheepshead, Dolphin, Halibut, Lamprey, Whiting. Double Acrostic.-Robert Burns, Tam-o'-Shanter, Riot, Opera, Blossom, Echo, Reckless, Trash, Banana, Unicorn, Revolt, Novice, Scorn. RULES. (I) Answers to the Scripture questions and : olihtions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by June zoth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside, " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.