THE PUZZLER.
ббО.-ТНЕЕЕ PRIZE TRIPLE ACROSTICS. Вт Bbtan Geo. Bentham. 1.— The primals and finals, read down, Likewise the centrals, show Three of our famed English rivers» That erer onward flow. 1. The grub that feeds upon the shrubs That grace the garden bower, Wül one day be a butterfly, To flit from flower to flower. 2. The nag is led within the forge, Close by the " Hare and Hounds ;" The farrier ories, "Now, then, hold up ľ* The hammer's stroke resounds. 3. For hasten forward, or to help, Look out another word ; When found, a slight change must be made : The past tense forms the third. 4. Two dishes seen at dinner-time, Now guess without a bother ; Veal's often used to make the one, Potatoes for the other. 5. In one of London's theatres, Perhaps you've seen tbis play ; If not, from Hugo's "Notre Dame" Still get a further clue you may. 6. Л famous English writer, born In sixteen forty-four ; His sterling works bring him to mind Now that he is no more. 2,— To instruct, puzzle, and amuse, Firsts, thirds, and finals ne'er refuse j Together always they appear At stated times throughout the year. 1. Standing in tbis, great men bave taught Those wbo of them have knowledge sought. 2. 'Tis safest this, reversed, to do, Perchance a fire might visit you. 3. These are familiar to the sight Of everyone who's learned to write. 4. The Continental war is done, Now " La belle France " has this become. 5. A gloom this brings o'er all the laud j The cause is clear to understand. 6. A town of Norway this will name : Its export trade makes it of fame. 7. In ancient times this oft was used By minstrels : now 'tis much abused. 8. In Italy's land this town is found ; | An earthquake razed ib to the ground. 9. The wounded soldier this does hail With joy. It heals his wounds. Curtail. 10. All things that breathe this stage have passed. Now this acrostic's done at last. 3.—Read up the firsts : they'll show, no doubt, By what you find the puzzles out ; , Read down the centrals : you will see What making puzzles ought to be ; Read down the finals : what they tell, Th' Editor gives if they're done well. 1. An animal from a foreign land ; 2. To lift or raise up with the hand. 3. A noted Scottish town comes next ; 4. This means "beyond" in Latin text. 5. A kind of willow bring to mind ; 6. Another word for damp now find. 7. By aid of these each one that tries Is almost sure to win a prize. 561.—CHARADE. Wheee'er you walk, my first you see, In street, or road, or lane ; In rills, in rivers, or on lea, On mountain, or on plain. My second, when my first you've found, Гои by the roadside spy ; ^His arm is raised, and to the ground Is plied incessantly. My first, you'll see, lies by my whole, Much crush'd, and broke by force ¡ Now if you cannot reach the goal, You'll try again, of course. ... O. Hood. 562.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. How many a pleasant hour I've passed, ] In games of first played on a last 1 1. This, no doubt, you oft have called, 2. And this—an exclamation—bawled. 3. A very pretty female name My third is. Don't you think the same ? 4. Be this, and you will never fall j 5. Ascribe this to а cannon-ball. Quilpen. 563.—REBUS. Twice forty-four, and sixteen more, Three letters sou will see ; One-half а gill ; now can you tell What everyone should be ? A. A. H. The answers to Fuzzier in this number will appear in No. 135. %* For answers to Puzzler iu No. 123, please see preceding page.,,"