THE PUZZLER.
196,—ENIGMA. Not in the crashing Of the vessel's mast, Though 'gainst its sides be dashing The wild, careering blast. Not in the rattle Of the trumpet's breath, Sounding through the battle Its iron voice of death. Not in the rolling Of the passing bell, Though it should be tolling Forth some loved one's knell. But in every creature Breathing 'neath the sky, Of every kind and feature, Search well, for there am I. A. H. Stamford.
197.—CHARADE. When winter hath past, and the florets are coming Again to make pleasant the face of the land, With birds gaily singing, and busy bees humming, And waves gently breaking on beaches of sand, Then seek for my first. Has it vanish'd for ever From mountain, and moorland, and valley, and lea p Will it never return to this world again ? Never ! It sails on the breast of the beautiful sea. And there you may seek, not in vain, for my second, By millions it shines on the face of the deep j Though often of very great value 'tis reckon'd, 'Tis seen on the eyelids of maidens who weep. Sometimes an adornment, yet often a sorrow ; Of murder it tells, and a death of disgrace ; Of men who will ne'er see another to-morrow, Or gaze on fair Nature's most glorious face. My total is bright as the brow of a fairy : You often may find it with head hanging down, When tempests are brooding around February ; And long among bards it has had a renown. Sometimes by the woods.and sometimes by the waters, It yields a delight both to peasant and king j While happy Britannia's beautiful daughters Will give it a welcome as herald of spring. J. L, Luckley.
198,—DIAMOND PUZZLES. 1.—A consonant ; gained ; a character in the opera of the " Grand Duchess ;" a character in " Macbeth ;" a lake in Russia; a town in Ireland; an excellent periodical ; a character in a celebrated Northern ballad ; an adverse argument; a seaman; to smash; con¬ sumed ; a vowel. The centres down and across name a well-conducted and excellent journal. 2.—A vowel ; a wild animal ; an opening in a wood ; a school-book ; one who attacks ; a celebrated Greek ; a compact ; marked ; an insect ; part of the dress ; a consonant. The centres down and across name a cele¬ brated General of ancient times. William Harrison.
199.—DECAPITATIONS. 1.—Whole, I am a bird; beheaded, I'm a colour; beheaded again, I'm a liquid ; restored and curtailed, and I twist ; beheaded, I'm a printed instrument ; and beheaded again, I'm a preposition. 2.—Whole, I'm a difficulty ; beheaded, I'm a loose- woven cloth; beheaded again, I'm a plant; and be¬ headed again, I'm an animal. 3.—Whole, I'm a robe ; beheaded, I allure ; beheaded again and transposed, I'm a sign of the zodiac. George Duffus.
200,—HIDDEN "PRIZE NAMES." The other day, as I was going to the cotton mart, I met Jack Sonmer, an old acquaintance of mine. When we reached the mart I nodded to him to remain out¬ side till my return. When I came out he was gone, but Robert Stepnene had taken his place. On our way home we heard the bellman announcing an auction to take place the next day. This, however, did not concern us, and going on our way, not far from town, we met a boy with a stiff arrow sticking to his cap, which he said Bob Ellsworth had aimed at him. We left him, not caring for him a whit, especially as he had caused the provocation himself. When we arrived home we took dinner, and each got a glass of port ere going away. So now ad(e)ieu. R.P.Roberts.
201.—A REBUS ON HIDDEN TOWNS, RIVERS, &c. 1. We asked them, and they answered ") дп isian¿ 2. It is a very long way right overí A +.__ the hills.........jAtuwn. 3. I saw him when I left the station A river. 4. Now, boys, each one that has a") » · ^>пл cap rise and go......) 1ешши· 5. He asked us why the man ran away A town. 6. Alfred, William, James, George,") A -;,«». Denis..........j л river. 7' IfschoSo1ľUld Sn°.W ^.^ 5°. to} A mountain. 8. I saw one Englishman, two Scotch- 5 ¡. -jver men, and twenty negroee ... i 9. We met Nancy on the bridge . . A mount. 10. See how lightly the maids trip on ") A f Л1_ the green........JAtown. The initials of the above will give the name of a town in England. Wm. Campbell, Jun. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No, 33. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. íé, see preceding page,