1. CHARADE. I fell in love deeply, some five уеагз ago, In a style quite my own ; In a month I proposed, and I did it, I know, In a style quite my оауп. For answer the maid raised the tip of her nose, I protested, and ou my breast rained many blows, But she did not relent ; and my anger ifc rose In a style quite its олуп. "I'm sure you're no gentleman, sir," she then said, In a style quite her own. "Your politeness appears to have suddenly fled In a style quite its OAvn." "Excuse me, my dearest, 'tis love's stinging dart!" I answered her meekly in anguish of heart, And a warmth to the tones I tried hard to impart In a style quite my own. We parted in anger, however, afc last, In styles quite our own ; Since that time we often each other have passed In styles quite, our own. Bufc if her I had married, my second I'm sure Would have been flrst, and I wouldn't speak to her (If even the ladies about me were fewer) In a style quite my own. Alpha. DECAPITATIONS. Free as a bird I love to roam, But in prisons oft I find my home ; Behead me, and in seconds three A part of speech you'll surely eee. A. Esau. 3. I'm found in the apartments of the Queen, And on the workhouse floor I'm seen ; Behead me, and oh lack-a-day ! Run for the doctor, quick, I pray. A. Esau. In every house my whole you'll find, Behead, I'm found on all mankind ; Behead again, and then you'll вее All living things have need of me. A. Esau.
One night I had to stay at home To mind the house, they said, So, sitting down before the fire, A thought came in my mind. I instantly took out & first— You'll say it was a sin— And in the cupboard I espied A bottle labelled "gin." So. filling up unto the brim, I raised it to my lips. Success to each and every next, And then the gin I tips. I then began to smoke cigars, When lo ! upon my word, I was not long in finding out I was a stupid third. And since thafc nighfc a vow I made A temperance man I'd be, And now the strongest drink I take Is but a cup of tea. Herbert Read. 6. The battle ended, and the carnage stayed— How sad thafc nation can't agree with nation ; Full many soldiers want the surgeon's aid, Jusfc to perform this dreadful operation. Ye riddlers cute, who knowledge have in etore, To find the answer will not hesitate ; But make no second that I am a bore, Because I don'fc possess a knowing pate. J. Nash. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word in the veraes to form another.) The cold winds swept the mountain's height, As mid the dreary hours of night A wretched wanderer, clad with rags, Through drifting enow he elowly drags. Colder and colder blows the wind, As he some shelter tries to find ; Frozen and numbed, still he onwardly goes, And colder the pitiless winter Avind blows. At lasfc, when hope Avas all but gone, And death's great victory almost won, A feeble light the wanderer spies, " At last I'm saved !" he feebly cries. Herbert Read. ENIGMA. A curious thing I'm acknowledged by all, Belonging to every one, short and tall ; Sometimes I am light, and sometimes Iam dark, Sometimes I am scowling, as you will remark ; Weak, strong, meek, and piercing, heavy and dull, An index, a mirror, contracted and full. A blow makes me run, though no limbs do I own ; In needles, potatoes, I'm very well known ; With my apple and ball I am seen all day long, As a book of physicians I always belong ; I'm pronounced аз one letter, yefc written with three, So work well your wits and expound it to me. Herbert Read. 9. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Each of my parts you'll find a town : My first in Spain has great renown. My nexťs in France, and then a Scot, Two oufc of Denmark then I've got. My last you'll find in Portugal. Now take the initials of the whole ; It's a European country email, The finale make its capital. Answers to Last Week's Kiddles, 1. A Born Fool. 2. Hand-some. 3. Time. 4. Hem. 5. Peasant, pleasant, pheasant. 6. Bold, told. 7. Have, gave. 8. Spain, pain. 9. (1) Ashes ; (2) Ham-let-alone,