THE PUZZLER.
636,—CHAEADES. 1.—Aceustt old man that had seen his four-score Lay moaning till servante soon flocked to his door. Inquiring what ailed him, or what was amiss, Be replied, "lam first, so muoh so as this : My hours or my minutée can safely be reckon'd ; Go quickly, and see if my doctor be second." ! They depart for the doctor, who soon did appear, And thinking it best his old patient to cheer, Said, smilingly, rubbing his fat hands together : /•'Tis nothing but third and the etate of the weather." The old man, enraged, gave the dootor his fee, Saying, " This is the last visit you will pay me I ι " Instead of your giving mo physio or pill. And doing your utmost to oure or to kill, Or treating my case with the greatest of care, You give me but whole, with a satisfied air. I'll consult you no more on rheumatic or gout, But trust to old Time to bring changes about !" E. Hunt. 2,—¿The shades of night were overspread, And in the churchyard lay the dead, ▲ man came there with downcast head. By first to pray. His heart could not he last, for lo t The tears that from his eyes did flow, Л grief for one who lies below. Did plainly eay. He knelt beside my whole at night; The sexton rose at dawn of light, He found him dead—a fearsome sight-· On last he lay. -----k С. Шии ш». 637.-DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (Initials.) 1.—Melodious female name, thy very sound Spreads a soft halo of delight around ; Would it not test all England's present skill Another name an equal place to fill ? ι For music, gentleness, and peace, we find, Are in thie English Christian name combined. (Finals.) Oh ! gallant hero, though you're dead and gone, ¡Your name, iu coming ages, will be borne ' With pride and joy by every Englishman. v Surpass thee in respect no mortal oan ; In every cottage home your name's revered As once by foreign nations it was feared. But could you rise and see our nation now, Methinks you'd wonder strangely, and thy brow Would be o'erclouded, as you'd tbink with pain . That you could never fight Old England's foes i again. d. A river flowing in a foreign land On which a town does now in beauty stand ; Exchange its head, and read it once again, It shows the spot where mankind first knew pain. ,2. This man, who ably laid the Prussian plans, Unrivalled as a land tactician stands ; To him the French owe many a sharp defeat, For his experience all their cunning beat. 3. Upon the briny deep, no land in eight, The gallant British sailor spends his night ; By this he knows the trackless course he came, Reverse the word, and you will have its name. 4. Kot many years ago, on India's shore, Broke out a most disastrous civil war 'Twixt whites and natives, and this hated name Was honoured with a most unenvied fame. 5. Kind reader, your indulgence I must ask. To form a word with these two is a task Beyond my comprehension ; but I can tell Each one's a vowel, and a word as well. β. 'Twas in this vale a noble army saw A sight that filled them all with sacred awe ; " The sun stood still by mortal man's command— The moon and stars obeyed his wave of hand. J. T. Euebt. ä,—When youngsters for mischief assemble together This causes amusement in cold, snowy weather ; For is it not seen in the month of December ? And sometimes espied in the month of .Novem¬ ber ? What is it P you ask. For awhile I won't tell. For as you in solving the " doubles " exceli, I think that if you will but make a resolve, From what is below you this " double" will solve. 1. 'Tis heard when a lady with sorrow is frantic; 2. 'Tis seen in a country across the Atlantic ; 3. 'Tis obtained from the olives in Palestine grown ; 4. 'Tis made by a mason with mortar and stone. Thos. Hutchinson. The answers to Puzzler in this number wül appear üvNo. 127. %· For answers to Puzzler in No. 115, please eee preceding page.