THE PUZZLER. 418.—ENIGMAS.
1.—-There is scarce one on earth but's of me the pos¬ sessor— There is scarcely a breast but doth harbour the same: All—all bave a portion: some greater, some lesser, Some a calm, peaceful glow, some a fierce, burn¬ ing flame. I've raised men to power from the lowliest sta¬ tions, Till my bright diamond ridge they have gal¬ lantly scaled ; I have raised them above their most fond expec¬ tations, Though many there are have ignobly failed. I am found in the breasts of the aged and the hoary ; I ever iueite them fresh laurels to gain ; I am found in the breasts of the wicked, who glory To tread the dark pathway of vice and of em. Ever by my band rise up feuds and contentions By mortals who search after riches and fame ; But often, when mixed up with evil intentions, I bring on their mover dishonour and shame. Even look at proud France, how her power has been shaken : It was I was the cause of such blood being shed. See the dwellings deserted, the mansions for¬ saken, With the lights that illumined ther-a for ever¬ more fled. Look at Macedón, too : ere adversity sunk her, In the breast of her monarch I reigned fierce and wild ; When he found there were no more worlds left him to conquer, He sat himself down and he wept like а child. Wm. Aitken (Som). 2.— I'm always in the oceau, boys, But never in the wave ; You'll find me in th« midst of noise«' No doubt you'll thiuk me brave, For I am always 'mongst the foe, Though never do I fight ; And from my post I will not go All through the lonely night. Of joy and woe I've got my share, From gloom I ne'er depart ; And though I never have a care, Yet sorrow holds my heart. Quilpen. 419.—CHARADES. 1.—I» torrid climes, where the scorching rays Parches and withers each blade of green, Where, 'neath the fire of the sun's bright blaze, Naught blooms save what in the vases seen ; Yet this has spoken a lesson there, Springing alone from the barren sand ; Hattı roused from the depths of dark despair Like whispered hope from an angel band. The second glowe in a robe of flame. Or spotless garment of purest white, That puts the carmine tinge to shame : This the snow-flake new-fall'n would slight. It scents the winds of the humid west, As linger they round its perfumed shade, And sighs o'er the Persian wavelet's crest, While the bulbul chants his serenade. The whole is now but the two combined, The beauteous form and lovely hue Of the last, o'er which the first you'll find, Seeming to hide ite beauty from view. J. W. Musgrave. 2.— Mt first's a place where many meet, And words oft heard they then repeat ; Where people come, away from strife, To be made happy for their life. My second's where the schoolboys play When they have got no tasks to say. I never walli, though feet I've got, And nails as well, but never trot. My whole's a place where mauy go, But where there is no gaudy show j A poet, too, of ancient time My whole will name in England's clime. A. G. Johnstøne. 3.— Мт first no substance is, aud though You're sure to find it out, It cannot well be seen, and во You probably may doubt. My second is so very fine, It passes everywhere : In summer streams, beneath the brine, Or through the morning air. My whole, though often meagre, plain, A splendid figure will contain. Geo. J. Bell, Jpk. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 90. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 78, please see preceding page.