THE PUZZLER;
PRIZES. 1.—A SILVER-PLATED TANKARD, inscribed with the name of the winner, for the Best Original Enigma in Verse. 2.--A HANDSOME STEREOSCOPE AND SLIDES for the Best Original Double Aorostic in Verse. 3.—A SPLENDIDLY-BOUND PHOTOGRAPHIC PORTRAIT ALBUM, with the name of the win¬ ner in the autograph of the Editor, for the Best Set of Three Arithmetical Problems, to be solved without algebra—not mere sums. Competition papers must reach us on "or before Monday, November 8. Each question must be ac¬ companied by the Propounded s own solution; the whole to be written neatly, on one side only of the paper, and enclosed in an envelope addressed to the Editor, with the word "PUZZLES" distinctly writ¬ ten in the left-hand corner. Each communication must bear the real name and address of the sender. 6.—CHARADE. When o'er my blue and boundless first The storms go sweeping by, And surging billows madly roil Mountain on mountain high, My second, with a fearless heart, Ascends the giddy mast^ Nor heeds the vesseľe wild career, Before the reeking blast. When fields put on their purest green, And flowery tribes arise, And gently sail the fleecy clouds Along the genial skies ; When with the sweetest harmony The merry woodland rings, v It is my most delightful whole, The yearly circuit brings. H. P. P. 7.—TRANSPOSITION. Uescabb oyu isrfuolh in ryldwol asaflrf, : Oţdn'eb uhtgayh dan tup no isar, Thiw iltnnoes repdi f о nasttoi î .' 4ľ>dtn eb opdur, nda rtnu pu uyro eosn Ta eporor olpepe ni Iipareu hoteslc ; Tub narel, rof eht ksae fo oyru sind'm peoers, " Ahtttelaswh a elubbb ttah emocs—nda egso, Dna htta lal dorup selfb, vahwereer ti worsg, Si juibcte ot riirtitano ! f W. Ľ. 3.-CROSS-WORD ENIGMA. Mr flrst is in night but not in morn, My second's in wheat but not in corn ; My third is in bar but not in post, My fourth is in phantom but not in ghost ; My fifth is in windoAv but not in sash, My sixth is in Are but not in flash ; My seventh's in rum but not in gin, My eighth is in crime but not in sin ; My whole is a flower of beauty rare Whose sweet perfume fills all the air. 0. AND E. 9.—NUMBERED CHARADE. I AM composed of nineteen letters. My 14, 3, 1,17 is what the girls like. My 7, 16, 4, 6 is a plant. My 10, 5, 13, is an enemy. My 2, 12, 11, 7, 7 is seA'eral dozen. My 18, 3,16 is much used at table. My 15, 19, 6 is part of the human body. My 8, 9, 4, 2, İ6, 12 bespeaks our charity. My 10, 12, 19 means to cook some things. My whole we often hear said. 10.—HIDDEN PLACES. (This is a new kind of puzzle. In each sentence is the name of a town, correctly spelt, with no letters interposed, but so divided as not to be readily dis¬ covered. For example: "This is a box for drawing materials."—Answer, Oxford.) What sailor said " Sail on—don't despair ?" Which would you rather be—Pope, King, or Em¬ peror ? Should you mind engaging yourself to a charming and wealthy young lady ? Is a bagatelle-board any the better for having an India-rubber lining ? When young folks are in love, how is it they like to wander by moonlight ? What feat of agility requires most practice ? How is it there's always a hubbub at home on wash¬ ing day ? ANSWERS TO PUZZLER. (No. 1, page 20.) 1.—Enigma.—The letter O. 2.—Charade.—Advice (add vice). 3.—Metagram.—Mill, rill, hill, kill, kiln. 4.—Decapitation.—Glove, love. 5.—Arithmetical Question.—The sides of the tri¬ angle 50, 4Л, and 30 feet respectively. (Workings sup¬ plied by C W. and others.)