THE PUZZLER
329.—CHARADE. My primal is seen In the meadows so green, In the pure sparkling rill as it murmurs along, In the sweet-scented flower As it blooms in the bower» In the high-soaring lark as he pours forth his song. In the river so free, As it rolls to the sea ; On the mountain when Sol proclaims it is day ; In the forest and glen, In field and in fen ; Without it mankind would soon sink to decay. Where pure water flows The second oft goes, And gaily it skims o'er the calm silent mere ; On sweet smiling morn, When the hunter's loud horn Rings out from the mountain so shrill and so clear. The whole she first saves When the fierce tempest raves, And huge rolling billows are lashing the shore ; Or madly they dash 'Gainst the frail bark—a crash : She quivers and reels and is lost evermore. W. Herbert. 330.—ENIGMA.' 1. Look inside that pretty cottage, And the inmates you will see Seated round the diuner-table, All as happy as can be. I'm eaten by the little ones, Their father and his wife ; Yet not so very long ago I led a happy life ; But I was caught by certain men, And to the mistress: sold, Who for the dinner me prepared Instead of mutton cold. 2. By every person in that house, Who round the table sit, I am possessed, and yet my name Is found in Holy Writ. No one can tell my length and breadth, If they be large or small, And yet it is a curious fact That I am owned by all. 8. The little ones of whom I speak A-walking went one day, And coming home 'bout six o'clock A man met on their way. Upon two crutches he did go, As but one leg had he ; The other one, without his wish, Was left across the sea : 'Twas by a cannon-ball that he Did lose his leg at war ; And on his breast and on his face You might see many a scar. A soldier he had been, but now A pension he did get ; His hairs were gray, yet he was me When him the children met. T. Hutchinson. 331.—VERBAL CHARADE. In prose my first is always seen, Though never read in rhyme, And I appear in witty " Punch," And merry pantomime. In riddles No. 2 is found, As quickly may be seen ; Without me, I make bold to say, This Journal had not been. Our Recreation Supplement, And gratis pictures, too, Without me, as I said before, They ne'er had met your view. My third is in the pictures That gratis you have had ; Some say 'tis in the solitaire, Solutions, good or bad. 'Tis sure that (J. Bizalion My fourth has got, I know ; His genius in solitaire Our Supplements doth show. If my fifth you cannot guess, I'll tell you just a clue : It's found in puzzles and in chess, And all our essays, too. And now my last, this may be found In all thiugs that you see ; In every noise and every sound You'll find that this will be. . Joseph Sähe. 332.-ANAGRAMS ON NAMES OF CHARACTERS IN "DICK O' THE DIAMOND." 1. Он, no paint cart. 2. Miser find fire. 3. Ah ! I lame use. . 4. Rush, pa, tell Eva. 5. Near gaze. 6. Veil a loghead. 7. I'd had mine to dock. John Evans. The answers to Puzzler jn this number will appear in No. 64. *** For answers to Tuzzler in No. 52, please see preceding page.