The Riddler. 1.—HIDDEN INSECTS REVERSED. 1. Run quickly, sis, and fetch Miss Kate, That naughty boy has got my slate. 2. He wrote an idyll for his wife, Which she remembered all her life. 3. His new ratan George quickly felt, For easy words he oft mis-spelt. 4. Said he: "There goes the bird I caught," But I, on looking up, saw naught. 5. " I've watched for sixty years," he cried, " The ebb and flow of Life's great tide." F. P. H. 2.—MONOPHONE. The other day I heard a boy, Say to a chum in tones of joy, " What cheer F What do you think, old chap?" I've first next shilling playing Nap !" Francis P. Harwood. 3.—ENIGMA. Of mighty proportions I am, I am found all over the earth ; People use me without stint, And seldom think of my worth. I'm found high over your head, Up in the bright blue sky ; Without me you could not live, Oh ! how mighty am I. Nemo. 4.—DECAPITATIONS. (Take away tho first letter of a word to form another word.) My whole is a word of letters five, And means to hold or take ; Behead me once, and then I mean To rub, or rather scrape. Behead again, and you will see, A deadly reptile I shall be. Nemo. 5.—CHARADE. When the lustrous queen of the even sky Beams forth so wondrous bright, And lovers fond 'neath the elm-tree sigh And vows of affection plight, My voice ia borne on the oven last, And through each wooded grove ; And the chains of grief 'rouud each heart I cast, By my song of forsaken love. When first wraps tho earth next its sable wings ; My mournful voice is heard, And a soul of grief to remembrance brings, Through the voice of a tiny bird. I sweetly sing when within the sky The silv'ry moon appears ; Say, clever riddlers, what am T, Which moves every heart to tears. J. Nash. Answers to bast Week's Riddles. 1.—Sweet-heart, thus : SetH, WhalE, EmmA, EaR, TauT. 2.—Breast, East, Bear, Seat, Rate, Tear, Ear, Sea, Eat, Bat, Era, Tar. 3.—Stripe, Tripe, Ripe, Strip, Trip, Rip, Try. 4.—Sample, Ample. 5.—(1) Cambridge; (2) Newcastle; (3) Chelmsford; (4) Chester; (5) Yeovil; (β) Hertford. 0.—Fire-Grate.