THE PUZZLER.
151.—DOUBLE ACROSTICS. 1,—The second's aspect, fair and bright, Strikes the beholder with delight. And holds in pleasing thrall. What face reveals it but with pride ? Its gifts, to many though denied, Are coveted by all. But better far than fairest face, The first, whose pure, celestial grace The spirit doth enshrine ! The second like a flower will fade : The first for endless life is made, Immortal and divine. 1—I name a certain part of speech î Assiduous thought by all and each Should be bestowed on me. 2—A tribut« ry of the Trent. I trust the reader always meant My opposite to be. 3—A northern land extending far ι 'Twas truly noble of the Czar To set my serfs all free. 4—Me with due care the youthful bride "Will for her wedding tour provide : Sho can't dispense with me. 5—A pleasant city on the Rhino, A fertile province, too, is mine, Where corn and fruit abound. C—Explore, kind reader, if yon please, At last, among the Hebrides Till my small isle be found. J. S. 2.—A famous mountain in an Eastern clime ; A comic artist of our modern time : A kingly bird that cleaves the air above ; A Grecian vixen Socrates did love ; A Persian king of an illustrious line ; A pearly gem that sails on ocean's brine ; A transatlantic bard of highest fame ; A city old, three letters form its name ; A well-known lover in a tragic play ; A tiny instrument used every day ; An English town within the smallest shire ; A Turkish title than which few are higher ; A British college where great lore is taught ; « The initials, down, will show a bard of thought, The finals will disclose the greatest work he wrought. Arthur Nevis Lester. 152.—SIX HIDDEN INSECTS (BACKWARDS). " I would not marry a daughter of Israel for a thousand ducats when such a beauty as that Angelina is waiting for me." Thus spoke a rich earl ; but I cannot account for that nameless dread which occa¬ sionally creeps over me when I think how cruel she looked as she pressed to her lips a white rose that I gave her. Can it be that she knows I saw her with Tom rowing down the river ? Georgius. 153.—CHARADE. A lover and a maiden walking By the light of summer moon, Whisp'ring fondly, sadly talking Of their parting soon ! He and my first, I say with sorrow. Will both be far away to-morrow. At home the gentle maiden, weeping. Sighs for him in vain ; On the well-fought field he's sleeping- Sleeping, though in pain. He, my second, was in battle, 'Mid the din of cannon's rattlo. Oh ! maiden, could you sec your lover ! See him as he lies ! From his greatest danger cover- Shield him, or he dies ! But the mischief now is done, He my whole is, and alone ! W. J. S. Pilfold. 154.-TRANSPOSITION. Strut ont oto chum uroy now pooiinn, Hewn ruoy leesssv' duren higwe ; Tie odog cdvaei lilts bare mimnwood, Shatt a acampos lwli ton ratys. J. A. Fultoh. 155.-PORTS AND SEASIDE TOWNS ENIGMATI- CALLY EXPRESSEDT 1—A colour and a church. 2—Sober, and to export and import. 3—Good, and a part of the body. 4—Liquid, and a water passage. 5—Fresh, and a harbour. 6—A wine, a caress, and a stack. 7—A gentleman, to spoil, and part of a verb. 8—Small, a meat, a consonant, and a weight. H. E. Snewin. 156.-SQUARE WORDS. 1—A hut, or habitation; aplace of amusement; a poison ; to canker ; crippled. 2—A flower ; a sign j to give ; the extremities of anything. 3—Ametal; a dress of dignity; funeral rites; devices for fishing. Alex. Emmett, Jun. 157.—DIAGONAL PUZZLE. 1. He gives us a friendly call betimes.—2. An English town.—3. Relating to soldier life.—4. What we would all do well to be.—5. An attack of war.—6. The name of a tree.—7. A measure for "sweeping reform."—8. Fools'talk. The above form a square, which read from nortìi- west to south-east corner, and from north-east to south-west corner, gives the names of two notorious Frenchmen. Jas, Alcorn,