THE PUZZLER. * The asterisk denotes that the article to which it is affixed was sentte competition for a prize. 112.—REBUS.
U
U3.-CHARADE.* Old Roger O'Hare Once went to the fair ; The first he took with him to sell. Л purchaser came, And wished him to name A " price," which was all very well. \ The bargain was made, But the money not paid, When a stranger appeared on the scene ; ' Claimed Roger as friend, Vowed he'd money to spend ; So they went to the sign of The Queen. Now Roger was dry, The company sly, And knew how to humour his taste. Soon he was fuddled, His senses quite muddled. When they gave him the second, in haste. That Roger was green, Tou all think, I ween, As the meadow which lies near his home ; Where the whole you may sec, Blooming fresh on the lea, If that way you should happen to roam. W. Hebbebt. 114.—CHARADE.* When Brahma's votaries, dusky hued, Before their idols lay Their offerings to a god of wood, Poor, hlina, benighted, they. With superstitious notions curst, Beside their temples wear my first. And yet, to Christian and to Jew, It is a sacred symbol too. My second, at the dawn of morn, Or when the vesper chimes, In human brains is often born, And always in the Times. So, likewise on the battle-field, Where foes would rather die than yield, It holds a lofty station, and A high, responsible command. Whenever mischief is at work, In country or in town, My total, like a tyrant Turk, For despotism's known ; At school or college he is seen, When sports are played upon the green ; And sometimes, punished, he may sing : " Ambition is a dangerous thing " Jno. L. Luckley. 115.—DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant, a heavy weight, a'river in Italy, atown in Austria, a town in Scotland,, a poet, a city in Scotland, victory, a lake in North America, a number, a consonant. ., ', ,'.'. , The centre down and across gives the mune óta celebrated poet. ·'■"· '■■'· '«' " >. Francis Barr. 116.-AUTHORS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1—An English sovereign, and a mechanical power. 2—A colour, and a copse. 3—A bird, and a relative. 4—A savage king, and a piece of ironmongery. 5—A Biblical name, and a deciduous shrub. 6—An inventor, a Christian name, and a consonant. 7—Monarchs, and a weight. H. E. Snewin. 117.—DECAPITATION. Whole I am locality ; behead me, and I am often made by ladies; behead again, and the gambler loves me. R. Roes. 118.-ENGLISH TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1—To divide an estate. 2—A colour, and to cut down. 3—A modern citadel. 4—A conjunction, and a preposition. 5—-A tree, and a preposition. 6—To work, and an opening. 7—Wood. 8—The male of a sheep, and a door. J. M.S. The answers to the Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 21. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 13, see preceding page.