THE PUZZLER. 258.—PRIZE CHARADE.
Вт John Blake Armstrong. It chanced on one fine autumn day I westwards took my thoughtful way, To hear what some folks had to say Touching a noble soul— One who had fought in freedom's name, Of whom was spread abroad the fame, Who, though now brought to grief and shame, Was honoured as my whole. I reached the spot : on every side, Far as the eye could stretch, and wide. Thousands unto the meeting hied, And met in one vast crowd. But scarcely had the speech begun, When, ripe for mischief or for fun. Unto the scene my first did run, With oaths and curses loud. Then quickly was a panic spread, And from the spot the speakers fled. As who should think a broken head No very handsome pay. Their rostrum then he boldly took, And at the crowd a bludgeon shook. Bidding each man to himself look, Else would he rue the day. But words like these soon led to blows, And then my second fierce uprose ; Blood flowed from head, and mouth, and nose 'Neath stroke of stone or brick ; While in the thickest of the fight, My first, with all his main and might, Did lay about him, left and right, ». With cudgel stout and thick. At last, when, towards the close of day, There seemed an end unto the fray, I to my first made bold to say, Who eeemed a genial soul : " My dearest first, for goodness' sake— t Though you my second well may make- Though you the people's heads can break- Think not you are my whole." 259.—A CHARADE IN A LETTER. Dear Cousin Harrt,— You're back again, I see by the news from sunny Spain j Well, how did you meet the donnas' glances Ρ And what do you think of Spanish dances ?— The gay guitar and the castanets ? Do you leave behind you sad regrets ? Ah, well ; I'll wager in Spain or France You've quite forgotten your first romance. Poor Cousin Hal I now was it not true That Rose a second had made of you ? But, au revoir to her false name— A gay, coquettish, jilting dame ! Can you remember, one night at tea, Pretty Miss Synten eat next to me ? I think of it now—I noted it then— She was reading your verses on " Fairlight Glen." Ah, Cosy ! I could tell by the light in her eyes She thinks you clever, most handsome, and wise. You had asked me to sing—it was really no sin, But I teased for a tune on your new violin j At last we decided to stroll the Parade, Ah, how soft were the murmurs my blue first made ! The vessels' white sails as they floated afar, The round bright moon and each golden star : 'Twas a scene for-----Pshaw ! romance if you will ; Well, at least, it. was charming, delightful, and still, But, of course, you forget. By-the-by, let me see : You'd been scaling the rocks all around by the sea In the morning, across the wet shingles and sand, Your dog by your side, your gun in your hand. You had shot it—my whole ; a capture quite rare ; What a beauty it was ! and its plumage how fair 1 Of course, you remember, you gave it to Paul : It is stuffed, and it stands in a case at the HalL Good-bye, cousin mine ; and tell Jessie from me To often ask pretty Miss Synten to tea ; My uncle andaunt, give my best love to them, And believe me, dear Harry, yours truly, H. M. M. Mellett. 260.—LOGOGRIPH. Entire, a spirit I am, as you know ; Transpose me aright, a corner I show ; Behead'and transpose, a dale will appear; Curtail and transpose, you use me, 'tis clear j Restore and transpose, I gather, 'tis true ; Behead and transpose, a road is in view ; Transpose me agam, then meagre I am ; Behead and transpose, I'm one without sham ; Restore me again, a letter then drop, A blast you will find, which harms the ship's top; Behead me once more, and then you will see A liquid in use, much stronger than tea ; Behead and curtail, you'll вее with surprise Just fifty are left to gladden your eyes. G. Lindlet. 261.—POETICAL ENIGMA. . r No rose can boast a lovelier hue \ Than I can, when my birth is new ; ' Of shorter date than is that flower, л » I bloom and fade within an hour. ' Though some in me their honour place, I bear the token of disgrace ; Like Marplot, eager to reveal The secrets I would fain conceal ; T Fools, coxcombs, wits, agree in this : They equally destroy my peace ; Though 'gainst my wül to stoop so low, « At their command I come and go. J. B. Armstrong. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 47. *„* For answers to Puzzler in No. 37, please see preceding page.