THE PUZZLER.
592.—CHARADE. Hushed in sleep the gory plain. Rest for aye the countless slain : Ah ! the work of death was great, Centred in a monarch's hate : Pell ambition ruled o'er him. Caused this awful conflict grim, Brought to pass this sanguinary war t Loudly pealed the trumpet from afar. Men were summoned to the death. Fac'd the cannons with'ring breath. . Braved the storm of grape and hail, Called forth a mother's wail. Oh ! who will answer for this lengthen'd strife ? "Who pay for all the loss of precious life ? Hy dreadful first its curs'd assistance lends, And furthers man's ungodly, sinful ends : It shines in gory deeds "Where fellow-creature bleeds. Alas 1 its power, with hist combined, With ruthless pity slays mankind ; And whole the vengeful battle's fire Doth cause, and spread " destruction dire." Oh ! when may war and tumult cease, And blessed, universal peace Assert its sway benign. Its mfluence divine ? R. P. Roberts. 593.—VERBAL CHARADE. Hy first is in ancient, but not in old ; Hy second's in wealth, but not in gold; Hy third is in learning, but not in lore ; Hy fourth is in needy, but not in poor ; Hy fifth is in kingdom, but not in town ; Hy sixth is in splendour, but not in renown ; Hy seventh's in goodness, but not in worth; Hy eighth is in island, but not iu earth ; My ninth is in pensive, but not in sad ; Hy tenth is in blithesome, but not in glad ; My eleventh's in wonder, but not in amaze ; Hy twelfth is in homage, but not in praise ; Hy whole, when complete, at once will be seen, Was lately adopted by our gracious Queen. H. W. Pizet. 594.—SQUARE WORDS CHARADE. Тле second was night, And first was in sight, When wee Johnny Hogg, a bad boy, As quiet's a mouse Went up to their house, The Misses Longmuir to annoy : - Old maidens they were, Who cats made their care, And also they had a big dog ; To watch was its use, And so, being loose, It ran with a growl at John Hogg. John got such a fright, He ran all his might To get from the way of the tyke ; But, ah ! each is fate, When jumping a gate His clothes were the fourth on a spike. Then said Miss Longmuir : " Serves him right, I'm sure j His skin, I pray, next may be caught." "Then third," cried Bet; " And I think that get A very good thrashing he ought." J. Whittakeb. 595-ENIGMA. 1. Well, friends—ye riddling bards, I mean, Just tell me where I have not been O'er all the earth ; Sought hy the king and despot wild, The peasant, peer, the prattling child Can tell my worth. 2. I do not care how much you prate, I only aid this present state, Not that to come ; For when you die I'm left behind, And sometimes valued more, you'll find, Than friends or home. 3. I reign supreme in every place, My power o'er all the human race Is very great ; But I will disappoint them all, Delude the great, hut help the small To heaven's gate. 4. You may have plenty, or have none, Because, 'tis said, on wings I ruu, Which I deny ; But motley myriads I delude, And every spendthrift's grasp elude, Ho cunning I. 5. I owe to man my wond'rous birth, But first I crept out of the earth j This very same Can be no thief, yet I may be Securely bound by lock and key- Now, what's my name ? D. P. Davidson. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 143. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 131, please see preceding page.