The Riddler. 1.—ENIGMA. ' tll
I'm a singular creature, pray tell me my name ; I partake of my countrymen's glory and fame ; I daily am old, and I daily am new, I am praised, I am blamed, I am false, I am true. I'm the talk of the nation while I'm in my prime, But forgotten when once I've outlasted my time. In the morning no lady more courted than I, In the evening you see me thrown care¬ lessly by.
Tako warning, ye fair, I, like you, have my day, But, alas ! you, liko me, must grow old and decay. Flora Mat.lkt. 2.—CONUNDRUM. ΛΝιη is a short, lustrous-orbed lady, giddy with waltzing, liko two of our present, and ona of our past, great statesmen ? Miriam. П.—CHARADE. ■ My dear old friend John, it affords me great pleasure, After all thoso long years, to meet you onco more ; While the joy that I feci far surpasses all measure, As I think of thoso happy and bright days of yore. I'm sure that old time has dealt with you lightly, For your brow is not wrinkled and f urrow'd with care ; And it's pleasing to see you so active and sprightly, Which proves that of good things you've had a due share. I'm right first to see you so halo and so healthy, And looking so voung, though you're sixty I'm told; But presume that, liko mo, you are not over wealthy, For tho rich bloom of health is far better than gold. The end of our tether we now are fast nearing, For lifo at the longest is hot a short spell ; Wo must soon leave behind us what is sweet and endearing, When at last all our virtues and failings will tell. You have heard of my whole, John, a man without equal For wisdom, and learning, and knowledge profound ; That his actions aro just we shall see in the sequel, For wise statesmanship he stands world- renown'd. W. Mountford. 4,—CONUNDRUM. What two countries does a dirty bedroom candlestick remind you of ? M. B. 5.—CHARADES. Whoever lives must be—my firs!, Without his own volition : No matter what his rank in life— His title or position. My second's a creatura Of beauty and grace ! Or a boor without culture or mind. (Whichever you wish it), Be sure you can traco My meaning, if so you're inclined. For looking my whole, a lady once got Herself iuto a terrible " fix "— That's Yankee, I know, but for poesy's sako, At trifles 'tis seldom one sticks." Ethetj Greene. G. To see my first you must raiso your oyes To the vaulted dome of the midnight skies, Whore I've watched this world for ages past, And will watch on still whilo time shall last. My second you'll find in the deep blue sea, Whero sea-nymphs and mermaids hold revelry, 'Mid coral, and amber, and pearls so fair, Make gorgeous wreaths for their shining hair.
My wholo you'll see in the grecnwoød, Whero I keep every company, bad and good ; My voice, I must own, is none of tho sweetest, But to make up for this my attire is the neatest. M. B. 7—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A habit thriving youngsters have With clothes however fine ; о A. man in Scripture spoken of, Of noto, too, iii his timo. 3. A little bird with feathers gay, Bright eye and bonnet blue ; WHOLE. What I should like in our prizo page To do with each of you. Ethel Greene.