PUZZLER. 213.—REBUS
214.-CHARADE. 'Mid rural solitudes, and scenes so fair, Where violets bloom, and perfumes fill the air, My first in plenty on the wild brier grows Beside my second, as it softly flows, Whose tide majestically rolls along Through cherished realms of poetry and song— On whose unruffled breast, deep-mirror'd, lies The matchless azure of Italian skies ; While in my third, as beauteous as the rose, The tall geranium or verbena grows, To grace the balcony or courtly room, And fill the palace with a rich perfume. My fourth a prophet'ß name presents to view, Which you with ease may render strictly true— That prophet who to Judah's sons foretold, Ere desolation o'er the city roil'd, That " Carmel's top should wither " in their sight: An earthquake proved he prophesied aright. Within the stream that Egypt's plain o'erflows, Where Nelson pour'd destruction on his foes, My whole dives fearlessly from side to side, As prowls the lion through the forest wide ; Or, near the cataracts of that famous stream, Lies basking in the sun's meridian beam. 'Twill stalk on land, or through the waters creep, The reigning monarch of that far-famed deep. Buaburn Lees. 215.—ENIGMA. Along the sky The white clouds fly ; Most bitterly and cold is blowing The wintry blast, And now so fast The valley's filled—for, see, 'tis snowing. Across the heath, With chattering teeth, An old man comes, with many a shiver ; Against me strong He struggles long To gain the bridge, and cross the river. There's something seen, Two stones between ; And they, with swiftest motion curliug, Make yellow white, And change it quite— 'Tis I that cause the twisting—twirling. The baby cries, Its mother sighs, And wants to send out for the doctor. The nurse says, " See ! 'Tis only me, The cause of all that so much shocked her." Far out at sea, So merrily, The good ship's crew are lounging—talking About the deck, Nor fear a wreck, The voyage now so pleasant baulking. Much love they bear, Yet often fear My presence, and with anger flout me. I lay them flat, Take off their hat, And yet they cannot do without me. W. J. S. PlLFOLD. 216.—DOUBLE CHARADE. Read down these seaside towns, and see A letter in each one of me ; A seaport famed in history's page, With ruined castle, grim with age ; Two lofty hills, a quaint old town— A warrior gave me my renown. He landed here, and ere he'd doue, A battle and a kingdom won. Milford Haven. Portland. Saltfleet. Plymouth. Harleigh. Wainfleet. Gravesend. Eastbourne. And now read upwards. If read true, Another seaside town you'll view, All dash and glitter, and parade ; Here Royalty their home once made. A gay theatre, concert hall, Discussion, lecture, breakfast, ball ; A something always to engage- In fact, the fashion and the rage. M. Mellett. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 37. *+* For answers to Puzzler in No. 27, please see pre¬ ceding page.