MIDDLE TOURNAMENT. rs ACROSTICS. wor ords, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words.
. With glittering lance and armour bright, And steed so proudly prancing, Into the lists there comes a knight, With spotless plumes all dancing; Upon his shield a motto gleams, Amidst the sunbeams shining, " Firm, brave, and true "-a badge that seems His thoughts to be divining. A pleasant friend, a poet true, A heart that aye rejoices, For these, sir knight, we welcome you With friendly hands and voices. Cross Words. "All in a garden fair" Our cross words you will find; So we will wander there If you are so inclined. A bouquet we will make, Composed of blossoms rare: A spray of first we'll take, To lend its fragrance there. A second we will choose, Fantastic, strange, and queer; Our third with red imbues, Our blossoms pale to cheer. A lurth of tender green Its graceful form will lend; Some leaves of this we'll glean, And with our bouquet blend. A next of creamy white We'll gather from a tree; And last of yellow bright; Complete it then will be. NELLIE WATSON AND MARY H. MILLER, Foundation Words. 2,-Riddlers, there is one among you Known throughout this " Tourney" page, Wita nd wisdom has he sung you, Written verses bright and sage; Gem of gems, a London poet, Three initials for his name; But his own sweet verses show it Needs not me to make his fame. Has lie not found witty matter Week by week to fill your eyes ? Laugh you not at all his patter ? Drives he not away your sighs ? Guess his name, then-not a long one, But eight letters, and 'tis done. Cross Words. mr tall of this feeling whenever we read al written by dear Mrs. Read. W. Rhoades gives us this in his tales, to be entertaining I'm sure never fails. ,D, Lawson Johnstone fills me with my next, I note that adventures is always his text. eet female name, and the owner of which lid "in the future" to make very rich. i look for a fifth when we see Hector's rhymes, he always contrives to keep up with the times. wenot possess these small things, all the jokes ahoald miss when we purchase our famous Young sophers say that to live we must keep within us, if either awake or asleep. "spooners" declare it is last-number eight- impels us to think very cheaply of Fate. S. DE BeAR. ARITHMOREM. Mitio. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed In tlgurs.) Foundation Word. .-'Neath fiery sun in far-off lands They toil from morn till night, With weary frame and hardened hands, In search of primeals bright; With eager hands they seize their prize, And secrete it with stealth, To hide it from all prying eyes, ?or many will bring wealth. 'Or ladies' snowy hands and necks Our primals still appear; Their fair and raven hair it decks, And sparkles in each ear. Among the silk and lace it gleams Like rainbows 'prisoned there; And even to the plain it seems To give a beauty rare. Cross Words. 1land foaf A pretty flower that comes in spring, A glimpse of summer seems to bring. S, a So deathly cold it chills you through, And turns your hands and noses blue. a It is indeed so very sour, To twist our mouths it has the power. u, nee Although it may be very mild, It terror hath for every child. , 0 A book that's read the wide world o'er; Tie filled with old poetic lore. ,, an An article of use, you'll say; 'Tis used by joiners every day. aha A flower of vivid crimson hue n1 Unfolds itself unto your view. , san He creepeth, crawleth on the road, And carries on his back a load. MELAN CHOLY ANTD H. MILLER. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. hrat letter o a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 4.-Miss Marmalade Jam, A two-legged lamb, With long flaxen hair, Complexion so fair, Eyes of light blue, Heart true-O so true!-- Most straight pearly teeth, The beauty of Beith ! Young Barnaby Booth, A frivolous youth, With feet like two stairs, Moustache of six hairs ; So awfully slim, Yet dapper and trim: Miss Marmalade Jam Was his darling lamb I One night in fair June, Beneath the bright moon, They strolled hand in hand 'Mid scenery grand. Said be, "What a treat I You aro indeed sweetI" 'Of course, dear. I am- I'm Marmalade Jam I" THEOPHILUS MunDD, C.C.S. BURIED PROVERB. stars are all shining on rivers and seas, ,etsnoon is reflecting the old forest trees; t doa sh s o e, though the cold earth is still, ird all are muat comes to depart at your will; ild ceae g ..s--i is itting their mirth cease when the stars guard the shadowy earth. C. F. BscxmauaR Aan T, P. CowLiNe.
METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ) 6.-The light that shakes across the lea Falls on the glass with ruddy slate, And first adown the pathway bare, And makes reflections in the sea. Among the leaves the light wind stirs, And drives them down the shingly space; They fall upon the sea's dead face And float like aimless wanderers. A feathery haze across the hills Like autumn's gauzy veil is laidt The pine trees quiver is the shade, And shake with many sighs and thrills. A fluctuating undertone- Au echo of the vagrant wind- Moves far along the beach,tree-lined, And dies among the caves of stone. The shapes of twilight to and fro Flit o'er the dimly-waving grass; And shadowy figures o'er them pass As noisy sea-birds circle slow. And many lanterned shapes of light Shatter the darkness on the sea, And like ghost-vessels riding free The harboured ships are to the sight. Through sunset tints and twilight gloom The flickering valley-lights are set; Each blade with dewy last is wet, And trees their nightly forms assume. Vague whispers from the busy hum Born in the pathways of the town Are but as echoes stealing down, Now rising, falling, do they come. The twinkling sky is steely blue, Save where a flossy cloud is spread; Star-radiance o'er the sea is shed, And shines with blurred reflection through. From rock to rock long echoes play; Shrieks keen and far a great sea.bird; While from each hour to hour is heard The quiet waters of the bay. IVANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-" Oh, where has our tibby cat gone, do you know ?" Soliloquized Mistress Ginblossom, O, 0; She walloped her doggie with Tim's wooden clogs, Then her cockatoo moaned, " Why, it's gone to the dogs I" She gazed at her birdie with eyes all agee, But the cockatoo hummed like a tiny B, B.; She lifted the poker and said, "Say that now !" Then the doggie chimed in with its "Bow-wow-wow !" She turned on her doggie that on the rug lay, And screeched, " What is wrong with you, Jappo, A ? A ?" She flourished the poker-Jap sprang to his feet- She sat in the coal-scuttle graceful and neat. She burst in the lid, Jappo barked in pure glee; She rose to her feet-said her birdie, " C I C I" She raised up her hands as she uttered a moan, For there was her tibby as flat as a scone I W. L. MILLER, Glasgow. 8.-Next door we've some musical neighbours- Musical, indeed, did I say ? Not music, but horrible noises Do they manufacture all day. Now one of them tortures a cornet, Another plays on the trombone Another has got a bombardon, The biggest that ever was known. They play some heartrending selections, And make a disgusting attempt At playing a beautiful ditty Which starts with these false words, " I dreamt." 'Twas during the small hours this morning My heart on my sides 'gan to "thrum :" I found that my musical neighbours Had been reinforced with a drum! DOUtBL BAss, 9.-When evening breezes lull and lave The throbbings of a pierced heart, When for a moment's peace we crave To stem the teardrops as they start, We stray along the riverside And reach the sweet, secluded bow'r Where oft we've sat and laughed and cried In twilight hour. When evening shadows gently steep The lovely valley in repose, And o'er the eddying waters creep Of the sweet river as it flows, We silently admire our land, We feel the great Creator's pow'r, And praise the wonders of His hand In twilight hour. The dewy morning, lovely, bright, Breathes with a sweetness all its own, For jovial hearts are made more light That love it for itself alone; The summer noonday's somnolent heat May speak of bliss 'mid bee and flow'r, But, oh! there's no time half so sweet As twilight hour. HEBE. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 10.-The world may change in countless changing times, And other bards may sing of love in rhymes, The church bells may inaugurate with chimes Beginning of true wedded bliss i Dame Fortune may in future on me smile, Contributing contentment for a while, Yet all the worldly wealth shall not defile The mem'ry of my lover's kiss Of fond farewell. Though I in exile roam the world all o'er, And absence from my native land deplore, The time may come when she whom I adore Again within my arms shall be; Ah, primal sweet, Ilong to see thy face, Affection faithful in thine eyes to trace; Thy love by other loves I'll not displace, For cherished in my memory Is thy farewell. First Word. We here discern the changing scenes of life, In aspects both of happiness and woe; Calamity, success, contentment, strife, Portrayed in varied phases quickly go. Yet all incline towards one common end, When, vice defeated, virtue gains the day; Then heroine and hero henceforth spend A life with sorrow banished far away. Secotd Word. From out the second peal the wedding bells In tones that indicate no thought of pain, And to the listening ear no accent tells That happiness and joy may ever wane. Yet 'tis the self.same bells that deeply chime When Death, relentless, claims us as his own; E'en wedding bells remind us of the time Wheni our brief stay on earth will not be known. E. W. GtounoE aMN H. J. W. OF'onnD.
NARRATIVE META.OOKEG2)AMS. Change the first and last letters of a word to form another wordi expressed in the narrative.) (To E. W. Shareel, in No. 981.) 11.-Good friend, I think your reasoning mistaken. Why would you cast aside those mem'ries sweet, Like some misanthrope by friends forsaken ? Distrusting all-philosophy unmeet. For me'tis but a source of endless pleasure To muse on days of long.gone happiness, To gaze in mind on many a boyhood's treasure, Loved long ago, and now loved none the less. And when those pleasant memories come o'er me, As oft they do, a striving life to grace, As 'twere to-day again I see before me A ne'er forgotten, well.belov8d face, A friend-ours was a true and firm dommunion; In him I found a life's necessity: In him I found a friendship's truest union- Love sweet and fair, affection full and free. $ow well those boyhood days I may remember, Though naught save memory and love remain, When in each mellow August and September In converse sweet we wandered through a lane, Dreaming of future years, success and glory, Wealth, and the happiness which it might bring; Telling each other many a hopeful story, Each loving each-both trusting everything I How well I call to mind earh friendly action, Each fervent hand.clasp, and each tender kiss; Each vow of faith through every vain attraction, In those fair days whose memory is bliss I 'those times are gone-my friend and I are parted, Wide seas have rolled between for many a year; Yet still I know our friendship is true-hearted, Steadfast in each-affection all sincere. Why cast aside the past, if thoughts of sadness Mingle with happiness and kindled joy P Look back, my friend, look back, but look with gladness Let not those vain and fond regrets annoy. And in those thoughts you'll find a sweetness pleasant To mingle in the troibles of to-day, To sweeten with the past the earnest present, And bitter doubtings with fair hopes allay. HERCULES. (To W. 1. Holmes and P. Wyatt.) 12.-Oh, Holmes, sweet Holmes, thy tact is nice In gently giving good advice To those whom thou didst think at wary P. Wyatt and Philander; Yet in the con. mistakes I saw Which might have raised my "dander,' Had I forgotten that your aim Was not to insult or defame, But o'er the world " peace " to proclaim- A kind of chest expander I Now, to announce a "peace," we must Have undergone some warfare "fust;" But where this fighting's taken place Is what I would be knowing (Imagination's fastest pace I think you have been showing) : For though to Wyatt I addressed Some words of caution, plain expressed, He wisdom showed, stood well the test, And friends through life We're going. Well, naught is lost, and something's gdineld, Now that this "flight" has been explained, For firmer friends we have become Before th assembled " Tourney " (And those hard bricks-you said I'd some- Will ne'er to Wyatt journey). Oh, Holmes, sweet Holmes, no bard so sweet, You have accomplished a feat, As out of nothing you've made meat, As would a wise attorney. PHILANDER Mu~a, I.O.W, META.OMEGRAIAC (Change the first and last letters of a word to form anottier word.) 1i.-The triple tross is raised, 'he crimson and the white are joined together; The shamrock first, before the world amazed, The rose and heather. And shall we then forget Our sister of the rugged hills and valleys ? Undaunted little Wales, unconquered yet, Her legions rallies. First from the "ladnd o' cakes ' Comes Philo, SCotia's pride, the bold marauder, lls claymore held in hnhl which never shakes, " Frae o'er the border." Next from the Emerald isle Comes Ivanhoe, in armour bright and gleoming; While o'er the British Isles, for mile on mile His friends are teeming. Who fights for England, then P Around the lists see many a gleaming helmet ; A Kentish man am I, and Kentish men Are ever well met. F. Johnson of the hills, Stocks, Farnoombe, Felix F., and many others, Jo-King and Picky of the inky quills, Stand firm as brothers. And shall our gallant Cule Stand silent and unnoticed in the train P Fight on, my worthy friend, and some day you'll Above us reign, Then onward to the war, And let not pride thy sense of duty smother; And when the fight is done, and all is o'er, I'll call thee brother. Then on, my men of might, Smite edge and last amidst the martial clanging; For love and fame, when fiercer grows the fight, On us are hanging. ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGBAM. (hangse the first letter and last but one of a word to form snotlier word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.- Lo i knights of the pen, I am with you again, As wild and as briary as ever; But I think you'll agree, when this riddle you see, In my absence I've got to be clever. I've been roaming at will amongst valleys and hills, And all over Cambria been dwelling, Exploring the nooks, and the woods, and the dells, From Skiddaw to mighty Helvellyn. In each wood-mantled dale, and each wide.stretching vale Seeking pleasure I never was idle And scenes of delight quite enraptured my sight As I journeyed by Grasmere and Rydal. I thought of the hour when Wordsworth's grand power Wove in rhyme his immortal-made fancies, And trod the green lawn in the bright autumn dawn, Absorbed in poetic romances. And another verse more-I was there at Lodore, Where the water comes pouring and roaring Down the rocky ravine, which Sweet Lavender's seen, When Keswick's wild grandeur adoring. . And o'er Derweutwater with somebody's daughter I sailed with heart light as a feather; As gay ad as free as thile wind on the lea In the loaelhest of autumntide weather. WILD BRnmAI, L:t.Rphu~h.
NARRATIVE LMONOPHONES. tWords of different meaning, buat the same in sound, expreosedet the narrative.) 15.-Conning o'er to-day the riddles, Noting names familiar to me, Names of famous knights and ladies, Singers in our "Tourney" gallant, Lo I a name of yore familiar Greets me-glads me with its presence. Shamrock knight, by all the mom'ries Clustering round your knightly title) By the recollections gracious Of the dayQ n'otr gone for rver; lBy the bimlnhed hours of pleasetii~ When I first read your gay rhyming, I rejoice to bid you welcome Once again within our circle; Glad to see an errant wanderer Back returning to the "Tourney." I have pondered o'er your silence, Pondered o'er its reason sadly; Wondered why your lance so trusty Idle was within the " Tourney." For I ever hailed your coming, Hailed with joy your donk. so clefelf Though at that tldte I wds silent, Silent in the " Tourney's" warfare, Silent till our queenly Nellie Called more dames to join the singers. Shamrock Knight, although so lately I am found amongst the number Faithful to our fair young ruler, Will you take this simple greeting, Take my freely offered friendship ? With but one condition thereto- That your knightly faith be pledged To sweet Nellie, gay and winsome. I have spoken--rill yd0t antwbr i MnxIaa aAer, 16.-How quickly flies the fleeting time, Like arrows from a bow, And leaves us wiser than before !- I'd fain believe it so. But when I think of days gone by, Of friends I once possessed, It causes me to heave a sigh- In size the very best I Did they not promise to be true In language most sincere P And sweat " A friend I 11 le to y4 Through each suddeeditii ybar 'P And now they pass me by because My clothes are worn and old, Appearances their only laws, Affections have grown cold. But what care IP Why need I fear! I buy my clothes, not they I Such "friends " 'tis better far to los-- We're strangers from to.day I TitEOpcHIUS Po20r B9 liNIGMA. 1.-PlI'm never seen in iinter-tinid, But spring my name knows wel I'm always founid in summer's prithji And in old ahtumn's spell, Th@ draper has me, it is true; The grocer never sees me; I'm always seen the pure year through. Pray solve this con., and please me. I'm never seen in fruit at all, Although I'm found in plum; The Scotchman has me in his pipes, Though I'm ne'er seen in drum, The p'liceman has me night and days The prisoner as Wedl; Pray tell lie where I i tO bB found, Sot~ I'm not in his cell. C. F. BLACKBURN AND A. A. DYKES. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 18.-A consonant. A name of a tree. A school article, A precious stone. A spectre. A unit. A consonant. J. H. VIvIAN, Croydon; LIGHTHOUS . (~idcli star represonts a leItl.) S* **** A letter. A girl's name which, read backwards, is stilt the same. To invest or put on. To yoke improperly; To rain in very fine drops. A crown worn by a dignitary of the Romish Church. In mineralogy, a round nodule of stone containing a small cavity, lined usually with crystals. Handsome, pretty, merry, and plump. A squadron of ships. To take wrongfully. The emblem o peace. Aheathen. Not the same, but the contrary. One who cites. A girl's name. That which contains praise, One who makes void. A gradual departure from-sight, Not previously determined. (The central letters, read down, give the name of a noted lighthouse.) NESTOR, Brighton, 5** * * **C** CCC S #* *4 NSstoR, Brighton,