THE PUZZLER.
370.-CHARADES 1. — I look back npon the antique past— The old time long ago, Young me in quaint array so fast Are running to and fro ; With eager gaze they watoh the game д Played with my first for prize or fame. I look back apon the antique past, And there in vision see A mount arise—it is my last— One famed in poesy : In poesy of rapturous kind, Made musical by holy mind. I look back upon the antique past, My whole was frequent there; In halls of state and forums vast, Where orators so rare, Whether in Roman age or Greek With patriotic voices speak. W. J. S. Pilfold. 2. — We often hear of quarter-deck— My primal is three-quarters. My second tells of holy weeks In days of saints and martyrs. My total comes but once a year, And always rather in the rear. A. Scobsb. 3,— The fight is o'er, The cannons' roar Is hushed ; and now the plain, Free from riot, Still and quiet, Is mourning for the haggard slain. The wearied soldier seeks my first, Where, shrouded by the silent night, He sees the battle in his dreams, And once more mingles with the fight. Hark ! to the merry sound, with which My second fills the air ; Winging the glad news of peace, To all both near and far. List yet again. Its joyous strain Heralds fond hearts united ; And now its knell Doth sorrowing tell Of hopes for ever blighted. Oh ! who was the poet whose name is my whole P Whose rapturous eloquence thrills through the soul Like the trumpet's shrill blast or the drum's deep roll, Or thund'ring of artillery. His, 'tis the poetry to inspire, The heart to inflame with martial fire. The brain to burn with fierce desire To join the dreadful revelry 371.-DECAPITATION. A band of jolly bachelors, One night, out for a spree, Assembled all together At the "Jolly Bachelors Three;" And there before them all were spread, The ruby wine and wholes. They tippl'd away till midnight toll'd, That band of thirsty souls, " Three sheets in the wind," as Marryat says, Perchance a little more ; In fact, 'tis doubtful if they were Not very nearly four. Be this as it may, they toasted away For fully an hour or more, To their dearest wholes beheaded Till their very throats were sore; And early in the morning They all went rolling along, Singing, yelling, and roaring A Bacchanalian song. They soon again their ditty changed To a more hopeful strain— " Oh, would we were all birds "— But then it poured with rain. To wind up their silly story, Behead me once again, And then you see the moral Of those bachelors in the rain.. W. B. Mason. 372.—REBUS. A Turkish commander my first will proclaim, Which backward and forward will still be the same ; A river in England my second will name, Which backward and forward is ever tbe same ; Anå my third will declare a feminine name, Which backward and forward will spell just the same ; And this city of France Napoleon did claim, Read backward and forward alike is its name ; And a prophetess, too, my last will proclaim, Read backward and forward she still is the same ; Now an excellent fruit th' initials will frame, Which backward and forward is always the same ; And the finals, of course, the same fruit will uame, And backward and forward 'twill still be the same. Joet Brown. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 75. '%· For answers to Puzzler in No. 63, please see preceding page,