THE 1~IDDLE TOURNAMENT. TARR RATIVE METAGRAMS.
age the first letter oro f rm another word, expressed (With epologi to o W. S. Gilbert in " Baballrlds.") (1-Howl on, thou oats, howl on! SGive me o peace this night-- ivowl on you may be wrong-you may be right. What thopgh I throw-my boots at you, And cuss and swear as others do What though with rage and spite I'm bluen? Never you mind I Howl on l Bowl on, thou cats, howl on I Music hath many charms- Howl onl 'Tis true my pistols cause alarms; 'Tis true I've piles of bricks to throw; 'Tsie true I beg of you to go. But have your party down below- Never you mind I Howl on Howl on, thou cats, howl on! It matters not to me, Howl on! I'm getting used to you, you see, Iknow I'm not quite at my ease, What with yourselves and with the fleas, But do not let that worry, please; Never you mind- Howl on! (And they do!) HECron. 2,-One night, by my taper's light, I sat thinking, While the cat on the rug at me Lay blinking; hen suddenly, with a bang and a roar, aet sprang np and flew out of the d for; urdown the chimney, with a jump and a hop, ieasprite with a head like a worn.out mop, With a message from Hades. 'Twas an invite from my friend, Monsieur io Diable, Stating that my presence below Would be agreeable. ,rocnring a cab I journeyed down there, darrived just in time to hear gallant Do B ear ieatoast, "To Miss Watson, the witty and bl:ght, hom we hail as our queen o'er the ' Tournuaruut' fight, Aad the ladies." Then old Mephy got up with a bow, Did a wild jig; But a voice that sounded like Philander's Called him a pig I eu followed a scuffle that came to a fight, belights all went out, the place was like night; d chairs in profusion were flying about- heaeMephy at last with a broom put to rout That meeting at Hades I C. MARNCOmIBE, Brighton,. A SONG OF SoNGcs. I-" In sweet September " last we met, I wandered to " my lady's bower;" "In twilight grey" with sad " regret" We " parted," in the " evening hour." For Anunie long ago had been "My sweetheart when (I was) a boy;" And "year by year" she was "my queen," "My only love," and greatest joy. "In sheltered vale " ve loved to rove, "Where nightingales sing" sweet and clear; And wandering there, "my heart's best love " I'd pour out to my Aunie dear. Bat came a time when for a while Our ways apart stern fate had rolled; And "marching" with the "rank and file," I joined " the lads in red " so bold. "In distant lands " four years I've been Bereft of home and kindred charms; And now I am, as will be seen, A"soldier tired of war's alarms." But now I've left my comrades brave, And" homeward bound" I soon shall be; And speeding " on the rolling wave," Dear Albion's shores soon hope to see. So "once again" I will return To that sweet maid whom I adore; And as the wheels of time shall turn, Be happy " as in days of yore." "Love's old sweet song" we'll sing again, And life shall wear a roseate hue; For us shall be no "parting's" pain, No more be said the sad adieu. -iweet modest violet, in thy lovely dell ow I enjoy thy fragrance none can tell ! Thytouching beauty calls the time to mind l'heaI a child, oft searched for thee to find. Fairtoweret, Iwill pluck tliee-take thee home, Anuthink of thee wherever I may roam I IBng the flower, say I, likewise confound I Pt'Ireally aggravating you must own; o, as I steooped, alas I heard a sound- I back suspender buttons far had flown! T. E. B., Manchester. '--Little girl, Eyes of blue ; Look you through, Heavenly hue. Like a lily, i Oh, so fair ! Pure white brow, Golden hair. Little mouth I could kiss; Sweet and coy, Fairy miss. That I love her She can see; But this maid Doesn't love me. I shall die When we part; Coroner's verdict- Broken heart. W. BELL. SPo~la ull rea ders of this puzzling page, ore we h I rT. ' along withll this sage; ell a we hav for on e r two more usoe the Hlumher's fair shore. F. El. HiuNI, Hull. w. DECAPITAT:ON, ,, rtlstter of a word, leaving anothter ier.) ecini I ivC I'm sure will be; Atot- UtheOsame behead, " th8 so n YOu then will see en me to view instead. ' OBBL E J. H. VnIvI, Croydon, 1t OBTL E CURTAILIENT 5b: all e, - w . Od, leaving another worJ.) nhI d -l,.uresses know, ,:i, lttle thing in the hoavens '11 show. A, T, Iowzns A'ND . S.Asrhecs,
NARRATIVE OME(RAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, oex pressed In tlhea narrative.) (With apologies to the authors of "Doris.") 9.-Oh, what has become of the gamp P It seems that the gamp is on tramp'; I left it just hero, on that point I'm olear. ed Beshrew me, why didn't I think of a clamp P I feel it is going to rain, For corns are the cause of much pain; Ab, there's the first: drop it never will stop- Oh, would that some friend could recall it again I How steady it falls to the ground I A thunderstorm this, I'll be bound; Though I fear to be late, I will wait, for my fate Is rheumatic-that ailment renowned I Oh, shouldn't I think it a treat If a friend with a gamp I could greet ! Though we might be foes, I'd make him suppose His bill on my gratitude I could ne'er meet. 1'11 chain the next one to a chair, I will, and I solemnly swear To " fake " the first one my eyes set upon, And then for this robbery I shall be squ:aro ! How steady it falls to the ground ! An hour or two yet, I'll be bound; Though I fear to be late, I'll contentedly wait Till fine weather has time to get round. F. Jonxsoe,. Manchester. 10.-Snow, snow, pretty snow, Is very fair to see; Very fair to some, I know, But very cold to me. Some may like the winter.time, And say that skating's nice; But when it's frost I stay at home, And ne'er go near the ice. Bright, warm summer sun, That is what I love; Shady trees of vivid green, An azure sky above. Everything is beautiful, With flowers the gardens teem; Bright and happy summer-time, It passeth like a dream. MARY H. MILLER. META-OME GRAM. (Clhange the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 11.-When dimpled cheeks rest close to mine, I think my life is near divine; And first I see the gladsome tear, I call next dewdrops of good cheer, For they refresh my weary soul, And kindle good seeds in my whole. I strive to earn her faithful trust, That clings to me spite of Time's rust; And we oft wonder where 'twill end- To where our journeys always tend. But nothing makes us fear for what May come with future years and blot This life out for a better lot. W. A. LANGSTON, Poplar, NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter fr'oi the centre of a wor,. chose::, loaving another word, expressed in the narr.tlvej 12.-Why be dejected, Hector, When you own a hero's name, And have made such speedy progress On the upward way to fame P Nay, never be despondent; Fight on, and let me, see My chamnpion win the praises Of all who love the " T." I I will stand by in silence, Withdrawing from the list; Among so many great ones My name will ne'er be missed. 24 LILIAN M. DOUGLAs, Holborn. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed o: the illitial letters of other worda.) Foundation (Word. 13.-Primals is a merry time, Birds are sweetly singing; All is perfectly sublime, Bells are gaily ringing; Flowers perfume the balmy air, Ev'rything is fresh and fair. Cross (Cords. Oh, the first, so boundless and free I A sailor's life is the life for me. So:ond the shady tree they stood, Talking of love, as is always the case; Softly she says, " Wilt be so good As to keep your moustache from tickling my face P" A little bird Will be my third, Upon my word. "Oh, say, will yonfourth me, my pretty maid P" "Oh, go to the dickens, sir," she said. .I'll come to the fifth in a minute; And shan't I be glad to begin it ! Pray don't get into a last, (D For my riddle now is passed. HECTOR. Foundation Words. 14.-A well-known paper call to mind; My primnals make the same, you'll find. Cross Words. A boy I'm sure my first will be. A trial is second, you will see. One single thing for third please find. For fourth a plapt please call to mind. A fish for filth now bring to view. Sixth's an animal known to you. In seventh you will find a smell. Eighth's a reptile you know well. A hawk I'm sure that ninth will be. For last an omen you will see. J. H. VIVIAw. METAGRAM. (Ohango the first letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-Knights of " Tourney," Mighty band, 22. Famed and known Throughout the land, Ye are clever, Brave, and strong, With your witty lRiddling song. First I'm puzzled Oft, sometimes, By your names, And by your rhymes. I'm a girl, I tell my name; Can't you boys Just do the same? Or if you a Name must find, Last it be of The male kind. MAlGaCIe CONQUER, Newcastle. PALINDROME. (A wored which read backwards or forwards is still the sams.j 16.-I am a sniff of smelling salts, Or a sip of eau de vie And if you read me backwards I will still the same word be. rLIsfr'IfciIrnaET.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavins another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-My dear, kind friends, I humbly crave Your kind attention while I " rave." In mighty depths my haunt I keep, And am the terror of the deep. Beneath King Neptune's" wat'ry " sway, I ever do his will obey. One day a message he did send For me his palace to attend; So, wondering what he wished to say, With hurried steps I made my way To Neptune's mystic bomne, and where He sat up in a high-backed chair, Imbibing liquors from a glass, Imported down below by Bass. I bowed, and asked him his request, Which I'd fulfil with loyal zest. " Oh, Dave," he said, " I have a notion " (And here he took another potion), "That things are getting stale down here For everything seems dull and dro.ir. I've often thought it would be worth My while to take a trip to earth, For many sights can there be seen, And interesting, too, I ween. But now I'm getting ralier old, For many years have o'er me rolled I'm weaker than in days of yore, When I was famed in mystic lore. So now my wishes are that you Shall all these sights of wonder view, And regularly bring to me A good account of all you see." And on this errand now I'm bent, And here I mean to pitch my tent; Your doings will by me be noted- When I return will all be quoted. DAVY JONES. 18.-I viewed with distrust, my dear Lord Monte Christo, Your sweet explanation-I don't know how true I For when I said you were Lord D. and Mephisto, I almost was sure that I had gained a clue I I detested your style, which I thought was a lady's, And also his satanic majesty's too; But I still mean to beard you-have ordered for Hades My chariot, just to decipher who's who l Still be on your guard, then-your mask don't uncover; I warn you I'll watch till uumask6d are you; I've ordered a new disguise, thus to discover Which of your many names can be the true ! RAEBEDS. ARITHMOREM, (An norostio. Theletters of cross words that are lRoman nuanorals expressed in Bgnroes.) Foundation Word. 19.-Once more the sweet spring-time has come, And all around is bright and fair; While softly now my primal's note Is borne upon the balmy air. Cross Words. 157 A man's this who displays Well bred and polished ways. 150 ,, neun In next, don't be surprised, A relative's disguised. 1,251 ,, ao Most funny is this word, Or droll may be inferred. 50 ,, streek A bird in neat, you'll find, Quite clearly is defined. 1,000 ,, one Infaith you'll see is meant Foreboding or portent. 101 ,, short A bird, long-legged and tall. Now I have told you all. MANDAIUN. NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narratire.) 20.-Of all those who revel in anything new, Or express a delight in inventions, There's none can compare with Augustis Carew, A fellow with noble intentions. He'll sit for a century trying to solve A puzzle that cost but a copper; He'll work out an anagram that will involve Much brain.work and common-sense proper. If he sees an old frying-pan rest on the fire, His science he'll set to discuss it; If he notice a child being fed-great his ire- He'll testily ask why they " nuss " it. For hours at a time, in his cosy armchair He'll sit, and with politics tussle; About woman's rights he's been heard to declare She's really no right with a bustle. 8 He'll strut through the street with a glass to his eye, And tell you the air is quite bracing; But, ah I if he sees a fair maiden pass by, He's sure to comment on-tight lacing! He's not quite a masher, nor yet quite a snob, Though he wrestles with toothpicks and collars; And though he has never a cent in his fob, He'll swear he's a cool thousand dollars ! S. DE BEAR AND J. LEIGH. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (D.op the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 21.-Eyes of black, and eyes of blue, Eyes of every shade and hue; Flashing black, that gleam with fire, Dusky crown we much admire; Though they're very fair to see, None are quite so fair to me As Elsie's eyes of tender grey, Sometimes grave and sometimes gay. None with Elsie's can compare, For their beauty's rich and rare, And their power is known to me, Whose heart is now no longer free; I gaze with rapture in her eyes, Such eyes no one could e'er despise ; And as she gazes into mine, She whispers softly, "I am thine." th MARY H. MILLER AND Amy H, ANAGRAMS ON NOTED BATTLES. c1 23.-As onward he roles, both far and wide The gulls, screaming, rise from the vessel's side. A cloud of stones and darts were hurled As their banners to the breeze unfurled. The youth was killed by the pistol-shot, 2 And the doa flcd from that fatal spot. The tallest of oan ten archers bold 4 Is the winner of the prize, I'm told. 5 " You'll find this teool ear well," I said to Jack; 6 "So there will be no need to send it back." When the speaker was done a rude fellow cried out, " What has the old dullard been prating about ?" 7 Beneath this lake femw divers e'er go, , For many have found a grave below. 9 This is a sad job, this business of Will's; But I for one cannot believe that grief kills. It's no use, I say, any farther to row, A; For I saw a tar leoa~ve a fill hour ago. (1 MANDAIuN. H ENIGMA. A 23.-I am a great anomaly, And this, I'm sure, you'll plainly see; I For I shall be just twice uas long If you do takeo one-third from me. gr: FInE~n TInaBT. T de
DOUBLE TRANSPOSITION. i (Transpose the letters in two words to form other wbrda.);;: 24.-Once on a time (as story-books oft tell)' We knew a strange, delightful fairy dell; Oft did we wander, in those happy days, Unto its borders, and, enraptured, gaze Upon its wonders, wishful to intrude, Yet fearing, feeling too uncouth and rude. And saw we there the work of merry bands Of favoured mortals, whose enchanted hands Had made fine gardens, sweet with pretty flowers, And wee, quaint, stunted plants in elfin bowers, Some trees with spreading branches, tall and fair, And some with boughs all knotty, gnarled, and bare, Right curious to behold. And o'er the scene Were little brooklets-some with dainty mien Rippled like music, and some with frantic haste Rushed wildly on. And this is but a taste Of all the sweetness once in that fair land. Alas I the Guardian Sprite with ruthless hand Withdrew his favours, spells and charms he broke. With aching hearts the favoured ones awoke From their enchantment; for no longer there Might they disport themselves, and nobly share The honours of its reputation. Now For ever vanished is each leafy bough; The grassy slopes are level, bare, and dry; Gone are the flowers and plants ; but pillars high Of polished marble stand; each lofty head With words of wisdom covered, so 'tis said, Which weary travellers crane their necks to read ; But oft, we fear, they do not quite succeed. Grand it may be, but yet the tired eye This new-named Romirr ne'er will satisfy.. Listen, and hear the longing, sad refrain, " Oh, give us sweet Cympoli back again I" Jo-KING, Lambeth. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. ( Words of dilerent meaning, bit the same in soul 1, oxpresses in the narratlive- 23.--When Ronald went across the sea, Across the ocean wide and free, We said beneath our trysting tree A sad farewell, And ere he went he gave to me A heather-bell- A heather-bell, a token small, That grows on every mountain tall, But dearer far to me than all The fairest flowers That e'er were grown in lordly hall Or lady's bowers. Yes, dearer far than life to me, Who've had no pleasure true since he Left me with heart no longer free, But held by him As though 'twere under lock and key, To suit a whim. Upon its withered leaves I gaze, And think of those our parting days, When Fate destined us diff'rent ways For years and years; And now I wait for sunshine's rays, With doubts and fears. MARY H. MxILLE AND Ary H. SQUARE WORDS. 26.--1My trst's a word that means not stiff ; My noxt a sudden thought will bring to sight ;- A name for dinner is my thiri ; Your face is last when you receive a fright. J. H. VmsIVI, Croydon, 27.-This is what we all possess; Heard in churches more or less; This is where the river strays ; Stories have my last always. C. F. BL&oxnvag. TRIANGLE PUZZei. 23.-1. * * * * * * * 2. * * * * * 3. * * * * * * 4, *** * 5. * * * * 6. * * * 7. * * 8. * 1. A high hill. 2. Indelicate. 3. Pressing. 4. A wealthy man. 5. A vetch. 6. A verb. 7. A preposition. 8. A consonant. G. W. H. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-My friend, Harry Store, called to see me again (I can't really mention what time at) : 'Twas evening, and this time 'twas minus the rain (Oh, our petulant, changeable climate !) He asked if I'd solved yet his intricate con. Respecting the letters and poet, And answering "No," he then bade me begone, And return not until I should know it. But after a space he the answer disclosed, Maybe by this time you have seen it; He said'twas so simple he'd hardly supposed His crudely put wording could screen it. But Harry was not to remain long in state, And as of his powers he vaunted, I thought I'd endeavour to settle his fate By the weapon he'd used. So, undaunted, I asked him to tell me (oh, didn't he quake 1), And bade him by no means get crabby, What letters two would he require to take To recall an old friend-i.e. " cabby." He named all the letters, I think, but the two That were wanted, and yet he incessant Kept guessing-beside that he'd little to do: I think he is guessing at present. ACHILLES II. 2.-Why is a baggage-master out of employment like the Treasury ? 3.-Why is a penniless debtor like the letter X ? ANswERs.-l. G U (Jehu). 2. He is an ex-checker (Es. chequer). 3. He is out of money and in a fix.