The Riddler.
10, 11 12 1.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. That which doth closo attention claim, our rapture to confess, How grand or how magnificent, onr feel¬ ings thus express. A youthful lazaroni—Italia's pride and pest— Onr guide o'er bay and city to Vesuvia's frowning crest. Here British valour gained the day, amid the dark ning shower, And England's prince his foemen taught that legions aro not power. The giant son of Vulcan, a victim to the might; Of Hercules, the hero-god, on Aventina's height. In dazzling splendour now behold, set forth in grand array, The deeds of those tho world has deigned to honour and obey. From east to west a broad expanse of prairie meets the gaze, Ita grassy plains illumined by the fire's devouring blaze. An ancient namo of Italy, when every poet's page Reglistened with the beauties of the glorious golden age. A lonesome cave beside the rocky strand of sea-girt Greece, Long fabled as the portal of the gloomy realms of Dis. Thus in the teeming race of life, some few are born to rise Above their struggling fellows by the spirit of enterprise. Beneath the sunny southern sky, on Afric's sandy shore, A city 'mid the dreary waste, renowned in days of yore. Found in the lowly walks of life, oft pic¬ tured to the mind, Nature's true-born gentleman, wifch noble parts combined. A name now made immortal 'neath a clever statesman's pen (The patriot of his country, and the pride of Englishmen). My primals and finals united express, In clear simple, language, true hopes of success. W. G. Paifkey. 2.—BURIED RIVERS. 1. The new comer's eyes turned to the speaker. 2. The great singer, Mr. Fitch engages to sing at concerts for twenty pounds a night. 3. Why are you so very quiet thia evening, madam ? 4. My cousin Fred enchanted us all ono night by singing a beautiful melody. 5. Blessed are those who use their riches rightly. 6. Miss Brown İ3 Twenty next birthday. F. J. Welch. 3.—CHARADES, My primal flies with sighing sound, Now high above now on the ground ; In eddying clouds it whirls the dust, It sighs and moans afc every gusfc. My second stands on yonder hill, Without my first, its works are still And many such are in decay Memories of a bye-gone day, R. D. Bird (Walsall).
s d e e f e g t s My first waved gaily in his hand, While gazing o'er the shining strand, A note in music 13 my second, A vowel, too, 'tis often reckoned ; My third's what most of yon have had, Too much will make the glutton sad. And armed my whole, the knighfc gone bye, Met in tho lists to do or die ! Β.ΟΒΕΒΤ D. Bird (Walsall). 5. -DIAMOND. A consonant, an article, doth see ; a town ; a mountain range in America; apart of the body ; a consonant. The centrals down and across give the name of a town noted for its cheese. T. H. Atkinson. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. Lichens. 2. Life-Guards. 3. Cowslips. 4. Buckingham. 5. Cupboard. " Where are yon going, my pretty maid ?" " I'm going to college, sir," she said. "Are you a Junior, my pretty maid?" "No; I'm a fresh girl, sir," she said. " What will you study, my pretty maid ?" " Locke's Critique of Crochet, sir," she said. "Do you ever cut college, my pretty maid ?" " Well, sometimes —not often, sir," she said. " But do you smoke, my pretty maid ?" " Well, now you've hit me, sir," she said. " What professor like you the best, my pretty maid ?" " I like them all very much," she said. And wifch this she skipped around the corner to buy some chewing gum and fix up a crib for " Johnson's Evolution of Bangs." A quART of whiskey was mixed with feed and given to a cow, and half-an-hour later the animal was belowing " We won't go home till morning," or something that way, and treated several persons to a couple of "horns," and acted in a very reprehensible manner generally. When she sobered up she jumped down a bank and broke her neck. This shows the superior intelligence and goodsenseof the cow over the average bibulous person. When the latter gets drunk and makes things howl, instead of jumping down a bank and break¬ ing his neck, when he gets sober, he imme¬ diately begins to lay the foundation for another drunk." " There was a jroung lady named Hannah, Who practised upon the piaixnah So loud and so long, So fierce and so strong, That her beau broke his arm in this rnannah : He fanned her, This Hannah, When afc the piannah." The "wishbone" wedding has become the correct thing. The couple stand beneath a floral wishbone. After the ceremony the bride and groom are given the wishbone to pull. The tug results io a break somewhere, and whoever holds the long piece is absolved from getting up to build fire in the morning. " So you've come to ask the hand of my daughter?" "I adore her!" exclaimed the youth, rapturously; "my life would be like a sand barren without her." "Bless you,' said the old man ; " I regard this as nothing loss than Providential. You can have her to¬ morrow if yon want to, and don't postpone ifc later than Saturday. I am going to fail next week, and it's as much as I can do to look after the rest of the family." " Got on your husband's cravat, haven't yon?" askei a neighbour of Ms. Bilkins. " Yes," replied Mrs. Bilkins, sadly. "It's the only tie there is between us now."