THE PUZZLER. NEW SERIES OF PUZZLER PRIZES. For particulars, see announcement on preceding page.
SO. ñ 31.-ENIGMA.
TnouGH I am very small and weak The hardest rock in twain I break. My form is round, hut in your ear A varied shape I often wear. I lead young men to grief and strife, And take away the murderer's life. 32.—DIAMOND PUZZLE. 1, a consonant ; 2, a colour ; 3, to descend ; 4, a town' in England ; 5, a town in England ; 6, a flower ; 7,: an animal ; 8, a tree ; 9, α vowel. The above form a diamond, and the central letters, read downwards and across, give the name of α town in England. T. H. Moeeis. 33,—CHARADES. 1—My first you may find in the garden ; my second you may find in the garden ; and my whole is a plant you may find in the garden. Geobgium Sidus. 2—My first is an animal active and small j My next is to catch him employed ¡ My whole, for a time, was his mansion—his hall : I hope there Ms food he enjoyed. W. H. Wool. 3—In ponds and glasses small and great, My first is kept to see and eat. Before you pass the threshold through My second you must always do. As for my total, you will find He has an operative mind. 34.—DECAPITATION. Do you ever break dishes ? When perfect I can ; Behead, I'm a mixture Of water and bran ; Behead me again, You will easily see - .That I am a lofty And beautiful tree. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 35.—HIDDEN RIVERS. 1—Last week my cousin Septimus bought a fast- trotting pony for seventeen pounds, and sold it again for twenty-eig&äbj sothat he made eleven pounds by the transaction,. 2—If a young man is in love never entrust him with a message, for if you do he will most likely forget to deliver it. 3—The next time you meet John Bright, ask him whether it is really for the benefit of the working classes that we educate their children in our national schools. 4—Do nót doctors delight in hard names ? Head¬ ache they call cephalalgia ; face-ache, neuralgia ; and toothache, odontalgia ! Gyfeillon. ANSWERS TO PUZZLER. (No. 5, page 84.) ^.-TRANSPOSITION. LET the bird of loudest lay, On the sole Arabian tree, Herald sad and trumpet bo, To whose sound chaste wings obey. But thou, shrieking harbinger ! Poul pre-currer of the liend, Augur of the fever's end, To this troop come thou not near. Shakspere, " The Phoenix and Turtle." 26— CHARABES,—1, Well-ling-ton (Wellington); 2, Add vice (advice) ; 3, No vioe (novice); 4, Ben gall (Bengal). 27.—Double Acrostic—Lord Macaulay, the Historian, thus ;—IiighT, OH ! lloslî, DeboraH, Mississippi, AbysS, Cata- racT, AlphonsO, Ursa Majoli, Levi, AsiA, YeomaN. 28.—SftVABE WOBBS.— 8 С 11 A P ORANE RANGE ANGER PEERS 20.—Enigma.—Manchester. 20.—ABiXHMETiCAb Questions, Page 68.—1, 50 feet : 2, 54 years expired, 45 years unexpired ; 8, The inner area is one half of tne outer, because there are four squares in No. 2, and their diagonals bisect them. *«,* Honorary distinction next week.