THE RI)DLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS.
(Dp te first letter of a word. leavin another word.) ýeay when writers are presuming, .ssay to cut their sprouting combs, ad nip the bud that's too soon blooming, Or chill the " cheek " that pertly roams; But for the singers sweet and gentle. .0proaching with a modest air, Welast the circle Tournamental, And bid them welcome everywhere. There now has come upon the scene a gild, plaintive, tender, stranger maid, Whose name is new and pretty--Ia, Whose verse has cleverness displayed; And with an unaffected greeting, Imake her welcome to the spot Where happy hearts make joyful meeting, And absent friends are unforgot. Unasked, I yet should have extended y hand to her in friendliness ; Bot yet it cannot be pretended That she has made the pleasure less. Bight gladly, then, with more thaq pleasure, Ido what our new friend desires; And if she will not prove a treasure, 'Tis not because no muse inspires. At various times " our folks" have left us, Amid the sounds of real regret, But time has not of worth bereft us, And stars have risen when stars have set. Low few, if any, of the olden Young scribes are hero from week to week, But yet that fact should more embolden New singers " T." regard to seek. Who can foresee the future joyance There may be in this magic ring, Whena old.time spirits gain their buoyanoe, And time drives on with pleasure's swing P? liow many a time I sat and listened To all the eager songsters said, Till rst rose high and joy-tears glistened, And straight a happy pathway led ! We, all together hearts combining, And hands made deft in work for all, Ilny find ope's wreath with Faith's flower twining, And life be one high festival. With but one thought, one aim, one mission, Who can foretell the glories due ? No units in the whole ambition, No false to mar the good and true. IVANKOE. Belfast. ,-When stars shine clear each summer night, And fields are all arrayed With nature's flowers both left and right, MIy first is here displayed. If you the primal form behead, My second will, to you, Express a word which oft instead Of "on" denotes the cue. C. F. BLACKBURN AND T. JORDAN. 3,-An animal's name please unfold, 'Tis very savage, also bold; Behead-and now please use your sight- A mass of stone will come to light. F. C. FooTE. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. etlttersolaword are transposerl, and form another word in the narrative.) I.-'Tis very true, a fact or two We have d:scovered lately ; No doubt with us you will agree That they surprise one greatly. We have found out without a doubt That two and two make four, sirs; And though you add, and try like mad, You cannot make them more, sirs. Another thing to mind we bring, That silence oft is "reigning ;" You'll find also, if you don't know, What's left is what's remaniing. And now we think-with knowing wink- That mud is very dirty; We also found the earth is round, And twenty isn't thirty. Upon our word, we have just heard That hammers are not files, sirs; That Thomas-cats don't wear tall hats, Though often on the tiles, sirs. And then, you know, high isn't low, Aund "'taters" are not carrots; Another thing, flies do not sing, And 'lanters are not parrots. It will be seen a book's not green, Because it's often read, sirs; We're sure you'll find a man who's blind Can't see behind his head, sirs. Just wait a bit before we "git," We're nearly at the finis ; We wish to say night isn't day- to you know Dan Maguenni s? BEFGH.RT. IECAPI-CURTAILMENT. 0li e first and last letters from a word, leaving another word.) 5.-Should all your friends forsake you, And leave you to your fate; Should ill.luck overtake you, And woeful be your state, Do not begin repining, Bu' show your luck it shall Be won through your designing- And drop in the canal. That merry little Cupid Has cealings with last all; Soiur'times he drives us stupid, And causes us to fall. Snnpooe your chance of weddiug Your sweetheart is remote, In tead of sad tears shedding, First simply cut your throat. Let's fancy speculation 1105 wooed you with its charms, ii to your consternation, Yeou find it also harms, For all your cash has vanished Don't cry for worthless pelf, But let dull care be banished- And go and hang yourself. H. J. W. OSSoaD, Islington. ps iNA RRATIVE CURTAILMENT. S letterof a word leaving another word, expressed ' in the narrative.) -1)ear Editor-I write to say TLest ou should deem I'd sinned, Thaut as I ft my pen to-day Ot fron its idleness and rust Tre's nothing--wel, excepting dust, There's notuing in the winrd. Yet I while 1n quest of news I wander. vei n 5ei, your VAGno DA tIsrttm "CURTAIL1IENT . 'u . , str of a word.leavins another word.) ,liniitc. and hours make my sirs, ,cA ,, if you'll please curtail, l huero you will find, h om a cerntin Young Foll:s tale. dl. E. EveLoSe, Peterboreugh.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-I'm going to make a catalogue-imporfeot, I'll allow- Of the things that I should never, never miss; And I'll here produce the list that I've constructed up to now Of the things that I should never, never miss. As day by day we go through life we find our path beset By trivial tribulations, with their endless fag and fret; The man who comes continually dunning for a debt Is a thing that I should never, never miss. There's the baby with the measles, or the whooping. cough, or croup- They arc things that I should never, never miss; And the hair that I'm eternally detecting in the soup Is a thing that I should never, never miss. The German band that tortures me each morning down the street, Whose performances infernal fairly knock me off my feet, And the hurdy-gardy grinder with his monkey all com. plete, Are things that I should never, never miss. When your abdomen's indentel by a cricket-ball, you say, "That's a thing that I should never, never miss I" And the chorus wild of "Thank you l" from the human fiends that play Is a thing that you would never, never miss. There's the bulldog with his muzzle off and sanguinary glare-- You gaze upon those gleaming eyes and wish he wasn't there; You cross the street, and in your heart devoutly you declare He's a thing that you would never, never miss. I'm afflicted with a friend who is for ever making puns- They are things that I should never, never miss; He fires them off like bullets from the modern Gatling guns- He's a thing that I should never, never miss. Another chap will roll out lies as fast as he can speak, They drop between his lips like drops of water through a leak; Compared with him all other Ananiases are weak- He's a thing that I should never, never miss. Loan Nozoo, Stoke Newington. .--Oh, sweet, cerulean, blue.eyed Lill, List to your antibilious Bill, Whose heart is filled with desolation, And most obtuse bumfistication; And whose lugubrious face expresses The frightful pain his heart confesses, And agony dire, and almost chronical, Omnipotent and diabolical, Which fills his youthful limbs gymnastic, And rends his foolish heart elastic, And makes him, who was once so famous, A red-eyed, snivelling ignoramus; So that his skin, once rich and mellow, Is now a dismal, bluesome yellow, Which e'en the most exuberant being Would faint away, right off, at seeing. So, out of simple curiosity, Pray fall in love with his verbosity. Two meals a day he'll not begrudge you, He'll pay the rent, and never fudge you ; You will not find him pagilistical, Ferocious, or antagonistical, But always kind and systematical, Contemplative, and most grammatical. He studies music and phonography, And revels in chromolithography; His voice is pleasing and euphonious, His language never is erroneous. So listen to his prayer gigantic, His wailing and beseechings frantic, And let him have emancipation From every wild hallucination, So that his passions multifarious May prove bamfistic ticarious. [Here the author fractured his jaw and had to haul off for repairs.] FooNooLIcAN. NARRATIVE OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (ft answer to W. M. Holmes, Easingwold, in No. 979.) 10.-How doth the little busy Holmes Direct his wit to me, In dealing out his hints anent Enigmatography ! How doth he rail against the pen That uses a refrain I Be chary, O ye "dauderheads," Of doing so again. No more of " Simply nothing," now, Must Grecian sing, you see; For Holmes will " give him something!" Oh, What will that " something " be ? Oh, take a warning while ye may, This message now I send: "Such insensate effusions" will Our comrade much offend. But with his present argument I do not quite agree; Expand it, sir, of Easingwold, And so be easing me. I'm sorry you are angry, sir, And may I be so bold To send to you my sympathy, Great Holmes of Easing vold ? J. W. SEWELL. 11.-In spring-sweet fields, where cool streams flow, The graceful, golden flowers I see; They breathe this tale of long ago- The fate of fair Persephone. "In Euna's fields the maidens wept, For over all a shadow fell; A maid was stolen while she slept Among the banks of Asphodel. Persephone and Enna's meads Were lost to her for evermore, For Plato's fleet and fiery steeds Her shrinking form to Hades bore; While to her heart, with terror chill, She clasped a glorious daffodil. "It faded, like her golden hours, The poor, pale ghost she cherished still; It brought a breath of Euna's bowers, That wan and withered daffodil. "Queen Proserpine (the god of gloom Made her his queen i, depths of hell) Saw but in dreams the feleis abloom With shining stars of Asphodel!" In spring sweet fields, whlere cool streams flow, The graceful, golden flowers I see; They breathe this story soft and low, And sigh for lost Perseplhone. LLIIAN ]f. DOUGLAS, London. REVERSION. hA word which read backward forms another word.) 12.-Going from my house one day, I headlong tumbled o'er thie first-; And as I lay upon the ground I heard some one with " laughter burst." Lookinu r iou:nd I soon espied " Blanche snd MIary, my sweet hlst, As they tried tlhemselves to bide Till my stbrmny rage had pnasse.d, G. C. B.
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 13.-Oh, Mugg, what a fellow you are I How soon to this fame you have risen ! I heard about you from afar, When I was confined in a prison. I got into there through a fight That happened 'tween me and another. I'll tell you: I once tried to write A con, that would all others smother; In fact, I had not only tried, The riddle was really completed, And soon with you knights 1'<d have vied, Had not all my plans been defeated. I showed it a friend with some pride, But found with contempt it was treated ; He called it nonsensical rot, And hinted the writer was raving. Of course then my temper waxed hot, And soon a fierce fight we were having. I cannot say which of us won, For we were immediately parted; And though we protested 'twas fun, We were off to the p'lice-station started. We both were committed to gaol, Or else before this I'd have written. But I-well, I now almost quail To ask it; I fear to be smitten; For I have a query to put About our Philander's three letters; Yet I am afraid of his foot- I'm weak after being in fetters. But, there, I will run all the risk of the same (I don't want this riddle a long 'nn), Friend Mugg, do those letters attached to your name Represent " Idiotic Old Wrong 'an" ? Pray reckon this only a joke, And do not be vexed at my question, For really, my merry young folk, 'Tis only a harmless suggestion. MOONRIAKIER. METAGRAMS. (Chanlli the first letter of a word to fora ainth'or word,] 14.-I'ze kum frum Afric's bunning straud, Ware awl de niggers dey dew gro'; I'ze hum tow wyte man's Ingleland Tew joyn de band ob ribbliag wo'. I'ze kum tow kick de wyte man out, Az dey knows not wat dey're aboot, And help do ladies rule dis baud, And help de ladies run de sho'. My brudders crost de wil', wil' seezo To 'Meriky's laud ob do free; And fast dey wurked like buzzy beeze Till dey had wurked successfully. And first dey got do wyte manoot, Who know'd not wat dey iz aboot; So, brudders, make way, if you pleeze, De ladies got tow boss de " T." I'ze Hannible dat's got tew teech Dis Romulus tew shake hiz shoez ; And, like Heliogabalus, preach, And only ladies' councils chooze. I'ze kum tew kick do wyte man oot, And tell de ladies awl aboot .Next Amazons shud fight and screech, So dat dey win and awl men lose. L. A. W. 15.-Of all the " Riddle T.'s" that be The "Tourney " is thelfiret, I ween; For it is govern'd, don't you see, By such a talented young queen. While gallant knights the list do fill, With lance in next, they rush to show Their mighty power, and third the skill Of rebel knight and friendly foe. And many clever songs we hear By wits, who in their witty chaff Do fourth, and tell us jokes so queer- 'Twould make the gravest parson laugh. R. WATT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to sorn another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.l 16.-Were I a millionaire, I'd banish all my care, I'd help the poor and needy. And clothe anew the seedy, And folks should cry, " Hear, hear!" Were I a millionaire. Were I a millionaire, I'd travel far and near; At each strange sight that's under The sun I'd gaze in wonder; I would not languish here Were I a millionaire. Were I a millionaire, I'd have friends everywhere; And men who now despise me, And will not recognize me. Would steadfast friendship swear, Were I a millionaire. Were I a millionaire, All viands rich and rare Should always grace my table; And song, and dance, and fable My company should cheer, Were I a millionaire. Were I a millionaire, 1'd wed a princess fair; And not request the nation To save us from starvation By granting us- But, there, I'm not a millionaire. P. WYATT, Nottingham. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.l 17.-" See the blue sky overhead, dear I There we must go when we die; A home is there for each and all, dear, And to gain it let us try." But Minnie raised her little eyes, And on her face there came a frown. "How can it be, dear aunt," she said; " Will we go up, or the sky come down ?" NoRAn M. TWOMEY, Cork. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, deeapltatlon, dole. tioe. and transpositlon, but leaves a perlect word after each operationl.) 18.-Transpose an animal wild, and, lo! A domestic bird 'twill surely show; Decapitate its name, and you A solemn bird will bring to view; Transpose once more, and then you'll see A word the reverse of high 'twill be; Curtail, and then this con. is past, An exclamation is my Inst. F. E. HIND, Hull. CHARADE. l'ormed o 5n waorl, each syllable of whiahl is a word.) 19.-A part of your body my flrst will express; A quantity nlzst-foh, say, can you guess P G,'od looks form the toaal-oh, say, where are they ? MIostly in novels, from this earth far awoay ! H. E. ENorLsl, Peterborough. MONO I'IIONE. (Words n difforh: mneaninx, hut the ama in sound.) 20.-On stormy winter rlest. As we sit round the fire, Of tales of brte old lti lod WYe seldom earer tire. VULC.
ARITHMOREM. (An aerostlo. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in agures.) Foundation Word. 21.-Free for a space front monotonous toil, Free from the din of the City, Vanished the waiting which pleasure will spoil, Far for a time from the ceaseless turmoil- A prospect requiring scant pity. Fresh breezes inhaling, With swimming and sailing Down by the rolling billows. The tide will be in when the day is at noon- I've lately consulted a " skipper;" The water, I'm sure, cannot come in too soon, But time is so tardy in dog-days of June. I ardently long for a dip, a Wish that ]has reason In holiday season, Down by the rolling billows. Oh, bother these children with shovel and pail, Who dig for some long-hidden treasure. Oh, no, my good fellow, I don't want a sail. Those dusky musicians will make me bewail The peace I had hoped for my leisure; They are bad at the best, They are what I detest, Down by the rolling billows. Cross Words. 1,000 and rouhu Amusement here is represented, Its limit, though, is not defined. 1,002 ,, ssoon Excuses often are invented, Although to err we are inclined. 101 ,, ents From climes poetical descending, We pwn the dish is most delicion. 8 ,, tonatu But when upon a friend attending A disappointment makes us vicious. 1,100 ,, epennee In wealth we fain would e'er abide, Our friends' assistance deprecating ; 200 ,, raue But luxuries we can't provide When funds are not accumulating. 100 ,, tyah A sail on this none can deride, The voyage is so exhilarating. 151 ,, heusk We're usually stopped in the midst of our work By a battle or final proceeding; But now quite a different desire seems to lurk- They've cut off the gas that we're needing. J. STOCKS AND E. GEORGE. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 22.-Behold a gallant riddling sage Well known to all upon this page. Cross Words. This is an animal seen every day. This is a letter, I think you will say. This is to struggle, to fight, or oppose. Boots when they're this interfere with our toes. Doors are not shut when they're this, you will see. And now I will this to a nice cup of tea. J. W. SEWELL. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptict. 23.-A word that always brings regret Within its e'er remorseless train; Although survived a thousand years, Its poignancy has waned not yet, Nor will it while on earth remain The subjects of this " vale of tears." First Word. A bloody scene of carnage dire, Where men have slain to mind's content; Incredible 'twould seem to be In times when works humane aspire; Of tardy growth we deep lament Thy vaunted pno'r, humanity. Second Word. A personage we've studied, who With humour quite refined, sublime, Has entertained us many an hour. A character from Dickens you Will trace; and yet with fleeting time He still upon us holds his pow'r. J. STocxs, Lambeth. ENIGMA. 24--I'm part of the stem, the leaf, and the flower, I escort the ladies you see in yen tower; Though ne'er on the highway I'm found with the thief, But he loves me not, for I'm always in grief. I mingle alone with the wicked and blest, I dwell in your house, and I dwell in your breast ; And e'en when you smile I'm sure to be there, Though in misery and shame I always appear. I'm with you in sleep, and with you in life, In fighting ne'er found, yet always in strife; I'm not in your coffin, though with you in death; In cough I'm ne'er seen, but found in your breath. Though not owned by man, I'm possessed by men; I am not found in fowl, yet found with the hen; I am found in orange, I'm found in the pear, Yet I've never been found in fruit, I declare. A. A. DYKES AND J. L~IGH". SQUARE WORDS. 25,--They go about begging the livelong day; And this is a giant I hear you say; This is compound of metal with " sa " added on; This is required when our day's work is done. C. F. BLACKBURN AND W. E. PIPER. 26.-My flrst is something round ; lMy second is a metal; My third has just now found MIy fourth upon a petal. INeOnAR, Widnes. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-New, now. 16.-Town. Thus: Top, 2.-Would, world. Over, Win, Now. 3.-Lose, like. 17.-S. A. Do Bear. Thus: 4.-Poop. Sea, Acrostic, Daisy, 5.-Days, rays. Enough, Bill, Earthen. 6.-Never, sever, ware, Autumn, Ripe. 7.-Licked, kicked. 18.-Ou, no. 8.-When, then. 19.- K I T E 9.-Flen. IRON 10.-Choler, collar. TO A D 11.-Bright, blight. E N D S 12.-Swath, scath. 20.- 13.-Aunt, ant. 14.-Nellie Watson. Thus: E A T Noble, Easter, Landlord, SABRE Landlord, Iceland, Eng- TR I land, Weber, Aunt, Tam- E bourine, Soldier, Orange, 21.- 5 Newark. APE 15.-Gordon. Thus: Gin, S P A I N Orange, Ruler, Dog, Ox, NIP Night. N RIDDLE COTRIBUTIONSs ACCEPTED TO WEDNESDAT, SEPrNMBER I.--E. BLAIR AND F. JOHNSON (1), C. F. BLACKBURcN, T. PIEncE COWLING AND H. E. ENG'LISH (1, 2), F. Jousso.v (1), Mmrnr GRAY (1, 2), E. W. SHSURVEL (2, 3). 'I.IHEO'ILUS MnD (1, 2), lIaosao AND WV. L. MILLEtn (I', C. P'. BLACKiURN (1, 2). VANDER- IECKON (1). WV. M. HOLrtes (1. 2), W. L. MILLIt (1), ACIILLES II. (1), .o10-KIso AN J. SToc~s (I). Contributions noa referred to in the orecediug para. L'raih have osno found anasuitabie, and are therefore docliao, with 'h-:ks.