1 THE RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. INBARATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. pp the two ltst letters o word, leaving another word, ex- pressed..!n the narrative.)
1 _. atie Moss, I'll tell you truly What you ask in merry verse, If my subjects are unruly, Bold and reckless, rude and terse. First of all, I never call them ,, Subjects," for the name of friend Seems to me a title sweeter, And with all my thoughts doth blend. Not unruly, Kate, but faithful Are my tried and trusted band; Bold, but bold in truth and wisdom, Full of thoughts both brave and grand. And I love their earnest voices, Love to listen to their words, Which awake within my bosom Tender thoughts and kindred chords. Is Sir Robert, dear, a demon Mystic, strange, and full of power P If he is, he nobly rises To his place in battle's hour; For no braver, bolder gallant Do my golden realms possess; And if I enjoy his friendship After this you'll have to guess! Ivanhoe is true and earnest, Never absent from the "T.," Helping on the weak and faltering, Though half hid in mystery. Philo, too, was always faithful To his " Tournament" and queen, Tnough I grieve to say his verses Now are very seldom seen. I would whisper to you, Katie, All about each nomr de plume : Never try to throw their owners Into depths of doubt and gloom. Let them use their various pen-names If their hearts are so inclined; Let them rest in peace and silence. Why should we, dear Katie, mind? Though tneir names be real or bogus, Worn in earnest or in jest, I'll not trouble them in future, Surely they know what is best. For my part, I'm tired of guessing All about each shining star, And I mean to be contented With our riddlers as they are. Now, a simple, earnest message To yourself I fain would send, Just to tell how glad I am, dear, That we've gained one more new friend. May your merry music mingle With the others in our throng, Filling us with admiration For the singer and the song. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (lp the final letter Ds a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) h-Dear Editor,-I don't desire To trespass on your time, sir, But when the Muses do inspire, One's notions are sublime, sir; And so I trust you'll hear the song That's filled my noddle all day long (Though writing to you may be wrong- A pardonable crime, sir ?). Well, this is it- But, by.the-by, I ought to let you know That if my note should occupy More than is rightly so, Itis not that my fancies stray From what I really mean to say, Which is, in short-(of course, my aim Is not to pose alone, sir, Although I seek to place my name In regions of its own, sir; For,'tween us two, the rhymester's tame Who hums the common tone, sirl)- The ta'e I purpose to unfold May strike you, sir, as somewhat old; But age may win a man's respect If in a moral dress bedecked. Look here, dear Ed., would you refuse The promptings of a kindly muse, When muse's musings fill the breast With soothing dreams of peace and rest ? Ah, sir, a flood of wild delight Impels my wand'ring pen to-night; I feel-I feel that I could write, And move you to emotion. Yet stay, dear Editor; my song heall show the veins I've been among, And- What I my writing's turned out wrong, And massacred the notion I Iow, really, sir, what do you think ? I've spilt my only drop of ink, And spoiled my only pen i The gloriors tale so. rare and old, Ahlas! dear Ed., can't now be told Unti, I write again; leanwhile, o'er other themes I'll por 'er, And am, yours truly, VAGAnoNDA. A MOONLIGIHT SKETCH. (With apnlogie. to P. Wyatt and others.) 3.-A dark, dark night, No one near, Bobby sleeping Far from here. Barrow brought up To the door, Window ope-ed On first floor; Goods and chattels Come in sight- Quiet removal By moonlight. Joseph tumbles Down the stair, Smashes all the Chinaware. Neighbours now pass To and fro ; Some one lets the Landlord know. Just about to Go away, Bobby's lantern On them play. Joe escorted To the gaol, Monday week An auction sale. R. WATT. ACh T~IVE META.PRECE.OMIEGRAM. e ts rst letter and last bit oue of a word to form Ott,°tr Word, expressed In the narrative.l , all around my barqe is peace- ' rekyla_ anonr mars the evening air; 9h.re pesf a sunset song to bear Ste breezes, bosom ere they cease. Adp O" wanters hebaut a lullaby, e ietly svathe the now fast-dark'ning shore; i oSa~.i w os farlling frous the sky ..yet one Inore day's work is o'er, W9( E. Tuo~riwo~,
NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 5.-I've just come up from Hades, where it's very nice and warm- I've just come up to tell you all about it!- Where imps and demons sit upon a red-hot iron form. I've just come up to tell you all about it I We're all so healthy down below, and happiness prevails, For as each summer season comes old Mephy never fails To give us patent fireproof pants and new asbestos tails. I've just dome up to tell you all about it! We've a most distinguished company now lodging down below- I've just come up to tell you all about it I They are not all inhabitants-just visitors, you know. I've just come up to tell you all about it I We used to be quite lonely once, we never heard the bell, But now 'tis always tinkling, and down we rush to tell Mephisto that more visitors have come to our hotel. I've just come up to tell you all about it! A lot of noted riddlers have bothered us of late, I've just come up to tell you all about it ! They want the best of everything and "put it on the slate." I've just come up to tell you all about it They have a splendid sulphur bath quite early every morn, Then cayenne wine and dynamite for breakfast on the lawn, And then they want to dress in quite the latest style that's worn. I've just come up to tell you all about it I These new arrivals from the " T." are difficult to please; I've just come up to tell you all about it i Each wants a nice new nom de plume, but doesn't mention fees. I've just come up to tell you all about it! They've worn their old ones long enough-they're tired of them, I s'pose, And Ivanhoe would fain exchange his name for Ivan Knows, And Whatsoname as Thingumbob would really like to pose. I've just come up to tell you all about it I Philander is a jolly chap, he's nearly always here; I've just come up to tell you all about it! lM'Goosely and Foonoolican are looking rather queer. I've just come up to tell you all about it i There's Mercian, he's rather stale, but Silver Shield is new; Then Hercules, and Iron Mask-you'd really think; he grew In armour; but in ladies' dress we've lately had a few. I've just come up to tell you all about it! I am a merry demon, and I've got a little plot; I've just come up to tell you all about it I 'Twould be such fun- But, after all, perhaps I'd better not, I fear I mustn't tell you all about it! I had intended to expose these riddlers' artful games, But Mephy mightn't like it, and he'd call me naughty names; So-fizzle, fizzle I pop! bang, bang! I vanish in the flames. Another time I'll tell you all about it! THE DEMON JESTER, Hades. NARRATIVE REVERSIONS. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ 6.-Last night, while we between the sheets were very soundly sleeping- We occupied one chamber at that time, we'd have you know- The Demon King of Dreamland in our room was softly creeping, And in our dreams things wonderful he unto us did show. He wished us to unmask all the cognomens of the " Tour- ney," And solemnly we promised we would do as he desired; Right glad was he to find that it was not a useless journey, And said a vision now and then was all that we re- quired. And so we dreamed a lovely dream which made us feel light-hearted : It was a silver shield we saw, its burnished face exposed; Then to our wonder and surprise it very slowly parted, And to our gaze a shaggy bear it unto us disclosed. Then spake the King of Visions as he marvellously vanished: "The problem now I ]rayyou solve, and give the knights a scare." So we've come to the conclusion, and we're sure 'twill not be banished, That Silver Shield's none other than S. Archibald de Bear A. A. DYKES AND HECTOR. 7.-Here I come, a captain brave and noble, fierce and bold, A captain who has won a name as well as lots of gold; No, I'm not one of the captains of the Army of Salvation, But the one and only Captain Kidd, the terror of the nation. So lift your glasses, one and all, and drink a bumper to Brave Captain Kidd, the pirate king, and all his jolly crew I For many, many happy years I've ploughed the ocean wild, For I was taught to use the plough when but a little child ; And at the sight of the raging foam I never yet did quail, But that is the foam so sparkling that is on a pint of ale. And our vessel dances gaily on the billows dark and blue- Sometimes she dances an Irish jig, a reel and hornpipe, too. Now, no doubt you all have heard of what the cove said in his rhyme, That great men leave behind them footprints on the sand ( of Time; Yet still, although I've fought and bled, and battles I have won, My footprints I can never leave as other ones have done, For o'er the dear old sands of Time I never yet did roam, But mayhap I'll leave them on the deck of my own stately home. Methinks e'en now I must begone, for it is getting late, And the anchor's weighed-yet not a soul on board does know its weight. CAPTAIN KIND. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanzed to form another word.) To V. D. Taylor. 8.-Fair visions rose before my eyes While through your verses I was reading; Ah, nsem'ry fondly backward flies To times that now are far receding. And is there one who does not mourn O'er pleasant features disappearing ? When old-time friends from us are borne, Their absence makes their names endearing. Your plaintive longing for the past Aroused within my heart first answer; Last, would that all our friends held fast, And needed no recalling stanza! How happy then would be our ring, If firmly bound in friendship's fetters ; sp And Time, the despot, then could wing, ra ntr we should never be his debtors! on #h . Wl. O'r~nD Tsllnptd~n .
DOUBLE DEOAPITATION. ax- (Drop the first two letters of a word, leaving another word.) 9.-To me it seems that Poetry is lee The unfettered language of the Soul. How first and paltry seems the mind That would encage in rhythmic bars The mighty workings of the Passions! s, The pasan of exulting Joy, ils The passion-laden words of Grief, The chainless eloquence of Love, The endless flights of Fancy- Are such expressed in measured rhymes, Rn In accents, forms, and metres ? The soul in its outbursting Scorns all modes and fashions; It deems as bonds the laws of verse, 11, egards next rules as prison-bars- Mere vain frivolities and empty nothings- Mere aids to commonplace of sentiment. Oh, clog and trammel not the Muse By far-fetched rhymes and metaphors; The glowing pulses of the soul, he Let them throb on unchecked Into a glorious birth of language, Which shall charm through Freedom's ease, ry And Beauty's unbought grace of thought. he Oh, comrades, these verses are written with purpose (I hope all the knights' good attention this gains), le They're directed against such insensate effusions As end in 'Impromptu,' and such-like refrains. Excuse my abruptness, my fury increases 3 As another trite phrase recurs to my view; There's many a writer who scribbles like verses 3n Such dunderhead nonsense for ever will rue. Bring hither my toothpick, I'll settle these prosers, No more " Simply nothing " shall Grecian express, of For I'll give him something. Again do I see it, This hackneyed expression, "Nothing more nor in less." Once more I am angry. Oh, Jove, how the sun burns ! to It burns and it scorches with per-torrid ray; Oh, Hector! oh, Sewell! I faint-oh, I perishI Ah, fearful discovery-I'm melting away I W. M. HOLMES, Easingwold. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of ', word. leavrs another word.) is 10.-Oh, woman, living as you please, Good-natured, fat, and fond of ease; e But not so fond of that as tin, Which buys the lovely London gin. Oh, woman, woman, without thou Where the deuce would I be now? And who the deuce, ye heavenly witches, Would stitch the buttons on my breeches P And who would first my dear old shirt, r And brush from off my boots the dirt? And who would ever take the trouble To hold me up when I see double, And rub my forehead if I knock it, And when I sleep feel in my pocket ? Where are the last who would rejoice e To lose the music of your voice ? Where are they ? and where is, also, That wretched being who does not know- Though poor he be and tempest-tossed- How much a woman's bonnet cost ? And where, oh, where on earth is he, No matter what his trade may be, Who is not, coming home to sup, First sat upon and then blown up P Oh, woman, kind, without a flaw, u What things we have to thank you for; I know not all the good we reap, But those I've mentioned make me weep ! Oh, lovely, lovely, lovely woman, You are a- (Further proceedings hastily postponed on account of an unexpected visit from the poet's mother-in-law !) FIOONOOLICAN. NARRATIVE DELETION. s (Drop a lotter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in Ihe narrative.) (A Snummer Idyll.) 11.-'Twas noontide, and the summer sun G1 !red fiercely on the pier Of Slppermore, where Polly Tunn Caime mashing ev'ry year. Attired in fashion's latest style, With parasol so gay, With sparkling eyes, and ready smile, All shyness to allay, She strolled along the promenade, The envy of her sex, But showing not the least regard For their ill-natured " pecks." The day wore on, and still alone She watched the seagulls fly, And stifled just a little moan As time, not man, passed by. But now her little heart beat fast, She spied a noble form In tennis suit; and glad at last, She now prepared to storm: Sweet, fascinating glances shot From merry, laughing eyes, And these advances answ'ring not, New plans she did devise. So, when the young man turned around, She walked in front of him, Then dropped her 'kerchief on the ground- And watched the sea-birds skim ! With fluttering heart she saw him stoop And lift it from the dust; And as he'd seemed a willing dupe, She chided her distrust. a He gained her side, the cambric gave In style quite up to par; Then words she heard which made her rave- "Say, have you seen the Shah ?" F. JoHssox, Manchester. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMSI. (Change the two last letters of a word to form, another word, ex' pressed in the narrative.) 12.-When summer winds are sighing, And woods are calm and still, Oh, then I love to ramble Where grow the brier and bramble, Or watch the white clouds flying Above the ruined mill, When summer winds are sighing, And woods are calm and still So when my time of closing Comes round each eventide, With unaffected pleasure I hail the hour of leisure, And while the flowers are dozing I seek the woodlands wide, When comes my hour of closing Around each eventide. Oh, pleasant, pleasant weather, Oh, wild and wooded hill, How quickly fly the hours Among the ferns and flowers, When strolling through the heather, 10 Or listening to the rill ! Oh, pleasant, pleasant weather, Oh, wild and wooded hill! H. A. TAYLon, Birkenhead. As HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. E. 13.--He said he had a large rabbit. He lent me a Iv splendid book. I was the successful one in the long FA race. Herbert had a large whip in hishand. He pointed out to me the leaning tower of Pisa, "Indeed I I thought gr out liuew boeter," he sid, BcLAC EIoT, d,
NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound. expressed In the narrative.) 14.-Dear Editor,-I've lately thought You'd like to know my history, Although I feel the subject ought To be involved in mystery. The facts are facts, beyond a doubt- Would that from truth I could exempt 'em i 'Twould bring me solace to make out That I had only coined or dreamt 'em, For now, alas I'm quite forlorn- My dreams and hopes all dead and-er-gorn. As infant in my mother's arms, I'm told I was a pretty party, And, though I had so many charms, My howls were always long and hearty; A cherub only needing wings, Born to a world-ah, not as this is! Who halloaed for all sorts of things, And mostly took them out in kisses. I grew apace-to school was sent, Where boyhood entered into fetters; And there, respecting punishment, I learnt the alphabet of letters; Then studies clustered fast and thick, But I, precocious, went the faster, Till, "master"-ed through each mental trick, I turned about and taught the master. So boyhood passed. My youthful phiz Among new scenes won recognition; Six days a week I went to "biz," The seventh pursued a " masher's" mission. What roseate years of weak delight I Those mild sensations-still I feel 'em; The kisses, too, and mimic fight, When (not in arms) I had to steal 'em. That time is past, and all its fun- Full well I grasped the chance to share it; or Yet, now that all's been said and done, I find it very hard to spare it. O'er youth's fair folly droops a shroud, No more mine drowns all other fiddles; What wonder I should groan aloud. Doomed evermore to writing riddles! Yet that is not without its pleasures, Despite the tiresome rhythmic measures. Deali Editor, is there a maid- But, no-1 won't suggest it; To tell the truth, I'd be afraid Of failure if I pressed it. So till next week alone I wander. Yours very truly, VAaABONsDA. MONOPHONE. (Words of dilfferent meanings, but the same in sound.) 15.-Dear Mr. Editor,-If time Were money, as I've heard it said, I ought to be a millionaire, And yet I have to earn my bread; But Homer was a beggar-man, And begged his way from town to town; And I may be his equal yet In poverty, if not renown. I ought to be extremely rich If silence were of golden sheen, For in the " Tournament" of late I must confess I've silent been. Yet week by week, and day by day, I read and love the " Tourney" still; Therefore, let all my critics say, " I blame "-ahem-" but not your will." Fortune may turn her wheel around, And lower me down to misery; Yet like old Stuon I can say, " Fortuna cannot make me lie." I still intend to do the first, And tell the truth, whate'er it be (The paper, sir, on which I next Was round my quarter pound of tea). Yet I have got my pen and ink (For soot is cheap and water's free); I still have got the power to think, Though oft unkind the Muses be. And by the Thunderer I swear (If queens can look on such as I), Within my battered helm to wear Queen Nellie's colours till I die. PATaRIc S., Belfast. ARITHIMOREIM. (An norostlo. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in s·ures.) Foundation Words. 16.-My primal letters name A " Tourney " knight of fame. Cross Words. 1,001 and ropesr A flower pretty. 100 ,, teihro A bard who's witty. 102 ,, tanter My con. is not this. 550 ,, ae A metal, I wis. 1,051 ,, sana In menageries seen. 101 ,, ene Is now our queen. 2,000 ,, yareor An animal find. 1,550 ,, erea A gem bring to mind. 50 ,, paroh A hero was he. 1,000 ,, ono Shines bright on the sea. 150 ,, nea A relative known. 1,001 ,, sygrb A Lincolnshire town. 500 ,, ogo We all should be last. My riddle's now past. F. E. HIND, Hull. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 17.-A vowel. The personification of revenge. To agree. A numeral. A vowel. NEMo. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-Who ought to be the most sentimental writer P 2.-Who ought to be the merriest writer ? 3.-Who ought to be the most geuial writer ? 4.-Who ought to be the most matrimonial writer ? W. M. HOLMES. ANSWEas.-1. Lover. 2. Gay. 3. Smiles. 4. Marry-at (or Cupples.)