THE PUZZLER. 275.—PICTORIAL REBUS.
£76.—CHARADE. The pink apple blossoms Embower the trees ; The clustering lilac Is scenting the breeze ; The stately horse-chesnut, So spreading and high, With its delicate flowers Pointing up to the sky ; The graceful laburnam The elderfloweťs bloom, And sweet honeysuckle All sleep 'neath the moon. Yes, moonlight gleams brightly O'er leaflet and flower ; Oh, soft summer breezes I— Oh, sweet evening hour. A quaint little mansion Stands back from the grass, And rose-bushes tangle The feet as they pass. The mansion all gables, Verandas, and flowers ; French casements that open On green shady bowers ; Moss-grown steps going up, ' Other steps twining down j An old rustic porch With its green ivy crown. lirst, second, third, whole ! How my heart feels thy power This soft summer evening— This brigbt moonlight hour ! 'Tis true many sorrows Have saddened my life : The bitterest discord, The fiercest of strife. Stern death, too, has taken My loved ones away ; And age is now changing My dark hair to gray. But still I am grateful, 1 First—second, for thee, And for hearts that still cling With devotion to me. I am happy and blest, Dearest whole, and thy power Is more soothing than moonlight Or still evening hour. M. Mellett. 277.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Around, around, across, across, In the corners lurking ; If down, adown—again, again The murderer is working. Weaving, watching, watching, weaving First and next so clever ; Third's caught, held fast, his limbs are tied In the coils for ever. 1. The bark unloads her dark freight there j 2. To find this cape to Spain repair ; 3. My name is used the thief to scare. J. White. 278.—CHARADE IN A LETTER. (In reply to one by Miss Mellett, in G. J. No. 42.) My dear Miss Mellett,— I beg to reply To the last which you wrote to your cousin Harry. The glances of donnas' affeoted me nought, The true one at home was my dearest thought j Spanish dances had no great attraction for me, As long as my primal was far o'er the sea ; Guitars, castanets, sounded harsh to my ears— Oh! what caused those great apprehensions and fears? It was thinking of thee, love, "so far, far awayj" I thought that I ne'er could be happy and gay While from thee I strayed. I have found it is true That banishment from thee does cause me to rue. Pretty rose—well, no more win I alter her name, The false-hearted, gay, and deceitful dame. ,·$ Miss Synten I well do remember, I'm sure ; Her soul was unspotted, and guileless, and pure; And when we all wandered upon the parade, And listened, as sweetly the sea murmurs made, Oh ! how I did long, as I thought on that time, To see thee once more, darling cousin of mine 1 A total I got from thee, precious as gold, X would not exchange it for riches untold. But now 'tis high tune this short note to conclude, As on this small space I can't further intrude. Best love to you, darling (united I mean), Believe me your lover and cousin, Hal Green. R. P. Roberts. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 51. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 41, please see preceding page.