THE PUZZLER.
d, n u¬ n. 441.-CHAEADE. Marchino close behind the band. Brave defenders of our land, Each man carrying in his hand ; My first. You think the doctor's going to kill You. Oh, that's all nonsense! StiU You must take, if you are ill, \. My second. Spreading ruin all around, Razing castles to the ground, Great's the power, it will be found, "*" " Of my whole. Betah G. Bentham.^ 442.-AEITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. 1,—Complete, I'm placed before my lord the mayor, B-esplendent in his robes and civic chair ; Or else, for all will like a thing that nice is. You'll find me in the housewife's list of spices. 'But take 500 from me, you'll espy, A member of the finny tribe am I ; 400, with a 50 take, and straight с Tbe soldier's manly breast I decorate. 900 add, I hobble down the road ; 500 take again, a ship I load. Now each of these five words thus brought to light May be transposed, and thus they read aright : An action that all visitors can claim ; A rebel, and his slayer's Christian name ; A something eaten, and a port of fame. 2,— A thied of ten plus fifty-nine, One and a letter over, Will make what sages vainly tried For ages to discover. S. Bramali,, 443.-SQUABE WORDS. ι My sister is a learned first, ) Well versed in ancient laws, 'And well she knows that in Peru 1 The third a title was. My second, which you'll soon espy, Is,her oft-uttered name ; And she was born beside the last— An English town of fame. T. Hutchinson. 444,—LOGOGEIPH. Loud the clangour from my total rose upon that August morn, Sad and deadly swept the tempest o'er the smiling, golden corn ; And wheu Cassiopœia brightened np the ether over¬ head, There arose the cry of wailing from the wounded— for the dead. Soon a change came o'er the landscape : calmness spread her fost'riug wing, And once more the stalwart peasants and the village maidens sing ; Then came strangers from the city, and left whole, transposed, behind As a souvenir of remembrance from a grateful nation's _ mind. Now a change again comes forward, and I see a holy sage Writing from a voice of Heaven on an adamantine page; And he has us there before him. From my whole drop one, transpose, We a charm provide for mortals 'gainst tbe most in- _, veterate foes. Hush! what tender sound of wailing rises on the evening breeze ? 'Tis my last, curtailed and twisted, echoing from among the trees. But what matter P Come join me at this last, trans¬ posed, and see Erin's hospitable peasant, full of mirth and jollity. Five times ten now drop, then shuffle, you have * Greek before you now ; Then decapitation practiee, Greek you've still, you must allow. This, transposed, a plant's before you, brought from yonder foreign land; This, transposed again, you've done it very oft, I understand. ,, "T* T. O'Flanagan. i 445.-ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE. "'l From windy March take just two-fifths, And then one-third of May ; Then from July pray take a fourth, And then one-third of day. One-fifth of showery April take, A sixth of minute, too ; and when they're rightly placed, you'll have v A thousand years in view. Joey Bbown. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. ΘΘ. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 87, please see preceding page. u f l t h o o w a j a