THE BIDDLER. ------- ":■·.: ■ ι- NARRATIVE-METAGBAM. R h ththiht
Reaching home the other night, Finding all in great delight, . \ Billy asked tho reason. His wife she clapped her hands with glee, Monier she ne'er could bo ; At once bha challenged him that ho Would never guess the reason. " Oh, nonsense !" said Billy ; " I'll soon tell Tho cause of the glee you show so weU ; Oh, yes, I'll toil the reason. Como, bring your chair, and sit by me ; This is the reason for your glee— Mother-in-law has come to tea ; No doubt that is the reason." lib wife she laughed, and shook her head ; " Yourç wrong, my boy," ehe gaily said, " For that, is not the reason." Then Billy had another try, And let his thoughts flow rather high ; " 1 might have a fortune by and by, Perhaps that is the reason." " No, Billy, Ъоу, you're wrong again." Hi? wifo with mirth could scarce contain, For ho couldn't guess the reason, Till ehe took pity on the youth ; " Your guesses all were wrong, forsooth ; Tho baby's cut another tooth 1 Thore, now, that's tho reason." B. N. Harris. NARRATIVE META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (The first letter and last but one of a word, or words» expressed in the narrative, are changed.) Я нит и queer dwarf who was lost " half-in-half," Witb a faco most repulsively smiling, Who gave me a greeting, much pleased at our meeting, Enchanting poor me with beguiling. I asked that a wand unto mo ho might lend ; Cried ho, " Wouldst thou leave the world's legions ? 'Sblood !" (ob, the fright'ning) " Ye whirlwinds ! ! Tork'd lightning ! ! ! Wouldst thou hurry to Lethe's drear regions ľ' Jŕ pleaded that, being a mortal unskilled, I wanted his aid in some larking ; But he trod on my toes, and shook hands with my uose, Paying, "Strango that a pup should be bárkin.' !" I praised him, and spoke of his beautiful (?) face, Rut ho roared, like a lion demented, " Tor telling such fibs thou shalt live on pen nibs !" And from this he has never relented He caught mo, and swung me aloft in his paws By the liairs of my head (a few leagues long), And he knew no remorse a« I sped through his jaws. (Here elidetti this horrible dream-song.) Vee Dee Tee (Warrington). 8. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the midd'e letter of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative) Droffo, my worthy riddling knight, Your question I am poing to ans wor, And thai's the reason why I write This con., because I feel I can, sir, Put nil your doubts and fears at rest. But when I read your query, lo ! 1 his thought aroso within my breast— Who is tLe 1-night by name Droffo, Who every riddle'r sceuis to know? Am I a bnight of " Y:F.P." ? And Ia" Y.F.P." admirer? You ask. Well, no, but let mo see, My do-trest comrade is ; " Ca Ira" Is the noon de ¡¡Луше ho dons Whene'er ho sends to " Y.F.P." And I—well, I have ne'er wrote con·. Except for tho " Poys' Jubilee." And now that I have answered theo I hope that friends we still may be. ..... Nemo.
NARRATIVE OMBGRAM. (Change the last letter of a word to form another word, both being expressed in the narrative.) 'Tıs night; tho cicysleeps, And o'er tho scene the moonlight softly creeps ; The murky river, busy all the day, Now flows in silence on its dismal way. Above tho street, high in a garret grim, Illuminated by a candle dim, There sits a youth ; his face a sad look wears, And traces show of recent bitter tears. " Alas ! it can't bo done," he feebly moans, In wearied, agonising tones. Ho rises from his chair, and heaves a sigh ; Then to the floor ho falls—he thinks—to dio. ·' Poor fellow 1" the gentle reader now will say, · · '5 What makes tho youth behave in this strange way? ■ j Perhaps tho worth of life he underrates, And suicide he contemplates." j Please ceaso your wonder, for you do not know him ; . The youth is trying fb write a little poem. Ho thinks he's born to bo a famous poet, But he is more a fool, and ought to know it. Ajax. T" NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. * I am sitting wrapped in moody meditation (A garment much affected by young bards), And am gazing with dejected contemplation On the scenery contained in the back yards. And I wonder why the stars so gaily twinkle, And I wonder what we'd do if they should fall, And I wonder why I'm sitting at my window, Then I wonder if I'm sitting here at all. And I wonder who we are, and why we sorrow, And I wonder why eome people are so gay, And I wonder why some fellowe money borrow, And I wondor why those fellows never pay. And I wonder why our honoured statesmen blunder, a nd I wondor if this verse will be enough, And I wonder what the dickens makes me wonder, And I wonder why I write such wretched stuff. And I wonder at tho wind so gently humming, And I wonder at thiugs past and things to be, And 1 wonder why good fortune's always coming, And I wonder why it never comes to me. And I wonder why the modest are kept under, And I wonder why I've been so sad to-day, And I wonder, gentle reader—yes, I wonder, J f jou wonder-stand the meaning of this lay. John- Kennedy. 0. ACROSTIC. An ancient Greok philosopher ; A little boy who's blind ; Tho foremost land in all the world ; Tho mother of mankind ; A leader who in Ireland Is very much admired, Tho initial letters will declare A blessing to the tired. G. W. Gabbati (Spalding). 7. DECAPITATION. Hearty old fellow, with rubicund face, Sturdy and strong as of yore, An Englishman he—f ull of Englishman's grace, Tho'nis years number many a score. Fine October brewings you see in my next, Guttering and sparkling like gold, A draught I will have, or I'll bo very vexed, A bev'rage of sweetness untold. R. L. Jefferson. 8. HIDDEM RIDDLER'S NAME. There was onco a young maid of Lynne, Who fashioned her hair with a pynne. One morning in town, Her hair tumbled down, Which caused passers by all to grynne. T. E. Barley (Manchester). 0. ADDITION. (A word to which is added a letter or word, leaving another word.) A KODN there is of plural number, A foe to peace and quiet slumber, Just add to it but one more letter, A word you'll see, much sweeter and better. Now, riddlers, come, this riddle expound, Find the mystic letter, and tho answer is found. R. Woon and J. Nash. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. Your, Our. 2. Not, But. 3. Rifle, Rife. 4. Join, In, 5. Linen, Nile. 0. Horse, Roso. 7. Row, Row. 8. 1, Flea, Lea ; 2, Mouth, Thou ; 3, Glass, Ass. 9. Because both liko a full crop, 10. Gray. Raj.