THE RIDDPPLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS.
r oored Is changed, to form another word, ex- Fbe fist letter of pressed in the narrative. aother word, ex (To brother Paul.) L 'Tis with feelings of delight these loving words I write T thee, my dear old brother of the ocean; lia truly overjoyed at such pleasure unalloyed, For to meet you more I never had a notion. ghen I left my home behind, the joys of earth to find, In response to good King Neptune's kindly wishes, Iever thonght'twould be my lot again to see you, who long since, I thought, was food for fishes. oast remember, my dear brother, when our old respected mother Asked what you'd like to be your future calling ? And you made her very irate when you swore you'd be a Alife to her that seemed, oh, most a-paul-ing. 8opu scoured the mighty seas, treasure ships no doubt to seize, And proved yourself no (s)-coured, I will warrant; Ad I've oft heard since that time that you've sailed through ev'ry clime, And made your name to ev'ry one abhorrent. Since then I have not heard ne'er a single line nor word As to whether you were either dead or living; And I then began to mourn, for I thought you dead and gone- How from my mind could I get this misgiving ? Een the fishes down below did their grief and sorrow show, And ev'rywbere was universal sadness ; gswhen they know the truth there'll be rejoicing, in good sooth, And soon their sorrow will be turned to gladness. There's but one thing, in a measure, which seems to mar my pleasure, And which your ma said was your greatest failing; For where you chance to rove with ev'ry girl you fall in love, And at their beauty, too, are always railing. 'enin your words to me it did not take me long to see, Althogh you came to find your "long-lost brother," Thatyour ways were still the same, and you played the same old game- Oh, how I wish these feelings you would smother I IntI mean not to rebuke you, for 'twas by the nearest like you Hiap'd to find me in the world again at all; se when we each other see we must live in harmonee, kAid o'er old recollections draw a Paul. lInoother little rhyme you will note the place and time Which I've arranged for our own joyful meeting; Ind,as time is on the wane, to leave you I must fain, Topray King Neptune give you kindly greeting. DAVY JONES. 2.-Boati ng How the word recalls `recollections of the oar, Visions of the gliding o'er Shining lake and river's way; Ilow my roaming fancy palls On each sweet and happy day I Whon the air is soft with dew, When the pretty wavelets dance 'Neath the hot sun's radiance, Then 'tis when I ply my oar, When the gods my soul imbue With their love, away to soar. Boating I Draw and press the scull, 'Mid the humming in the trees And the whistling of the breeze, When the world is at its lull. S. DE BEca. S-Night has come, and the western sky Is silvered with countless stars; And the little round moon will be rising soon To shine with the planet Mars. o it's 0 for the wood, and heigh for the wood, The merry green wood for me, Where the sweetbriar grows with the wild red rose, 'Neath the shade of the old oak tree. Beneath the trees with their drooping leaves I stand where the shadows lie, And nothing is heard but a little brown bird That pipes in his nest on high. And it's 0 for the woods, the beautiful woods, When the winds of summer blow; Oh, there's nothing on earth that is half so fair As the woods where God's flowers grow. METAGRAM. Toss. 'Chenne the frst letter of a word to form another wordl.) henigbht's dark shades of sombre gloom were falling Upon a gory plain, Where lay iufirss the mourning soul appalling, wouhe woinded and the slain. IA rose the neat of deepest mortal anguish From many a noble breast Thnt soon weuld cease to suffer and to languish, And enter into rest, And th;nls are tvrth, for dangers fail to frighten The gentle hands away, hat ) the crushing load of pain to lighten a n suc b a Llood-red day; ch the vial stream so thickly flowing a From many a bosom bare. saving from the awful Reaper's mowing SF2art of the harvest there. Fame, how stirring, but how false, a story Thou tellest to the brave I e soldir's noble aim is well-won glory, Hitis goal a nameless grave. hat cares he no for wreath of bays or laurels Tlo deck his pallid brow ? e ivicktory that closed his country's quarrels Avails him little now. he moonatlas is brightly, coldly shining ohe galan the drifting clouds, The eed in ghastly groups reclining eh who thuapped in snowy shrouds. the who hus at Glory's call have given, Or nmourned, their latest breath, The fifth farin the happy heaven, The faithful unto death. h s DUAGRAM. P. J. CASEY., . frst two letters of a word to form another word.) 5,A nnficent building first will be, AnTo each Tourney" tilter known; ,,f la.t is applicable, very, to me, or the genius (?) in this I have shown. WILD BRIan, Lamplugh. 6 w- s aENIGMA. was an orator of old Ahen Rome was in its height; As evr, fearloess and as bold C ee fought for right. oar his friend, and yet hils foe, %uots hen Ceesar was Ikilleul, Of soe pardoned with a flow 0 eor ueace well silled. ahilecalled him their friend, rWil they sealedb tTheir nPt .,: ....W, 4. Loas~oa,. Poglu.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, %&. pressed In the narrative,) 7.-Had I the gift of bragging, My joy would be extreme; Then with the bold Philander No youth would argue grander, My tongue would ne'er cease wagging, And life would be a dream. Had I the gift of bragging, My joy would be extreme. Within the " Tourney" pages Such poetry would appear, The like of which would harrow The life-blood and the manrow Of youthful bards and sages, And make them shrink With fear. Within the " Tourney" pages Such poetry would appear. And Ivanhoe and Jo-King, And Nellie Watson, too, Struck dumb, as if by magio, Would gaze, wild-eyed and trdgio, To see this bard unoloaking His genius great and true. Yes, Ivanhoe and Jo-King, And Nellie Watson, too. And even Juan would tremble And shake within his shoes, And gasp, and groan, and grumble And roll his optics humble In efforts to dissemble, As if he had " the blues." And even Juan would tremble And shake within his shoes. But no, I'll let Philander Go exercise his jaw, For no one's best endeavour In rhyme will equal ever The bonny goosey.gander, The gentle Johnny Raw. I'll leave it to Philander, 'Twill exercise his jaw. FoosooLtcAN. 8.-" The boy stood on the burning deck" Because he couldn't sit, sir, 'Till some one kind brought him a chair, All for his benefit, sir. "Oh, Jack and Jill went up the hill," The air was filled with laughter; 'Twas not until they reached the top They knew what they were after. " Mary had a little lamb " The other day for dinner; If she'd eaten none at all She could not have been thinner. " When other lips and other hearts" Have pined for maidens' kisses, We wonder how they had the cheek To entertain such blisses. "I'll hang my harp on the willow tree," Also myself in sorrow; My voice 'has been compared to cats Who screech until the morrow. " Take, 0 take those lips away," Leave a little drop for me' I feel so thirsty that I could I)rink the contents of the sea. " Among our ancient mountains " Some ant-hills may be found; And if you sit upon 'em, You'll rise with speedy bound. "Our Jack's come home from sea to-day," He's been there long enough; He liked it much when all was calm, But not when it was rough. T. E. B., Manchester, 9.-He carved the letters of her name, When pierced by Cupid's dart, Upon a tree, and swore the same Were written on his heart. But words are vain, and love is free, And fancies soon depart; Long, long before they left the tree They faded from his heart. Toss. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-Here's to the Ladye Nellie, our queen, Here's to all she entrances; Here's to Lord Robert, who's ever been 'Mid flight of arrows and conflict keen, And clash of battle, the wit, I ween, And cynosure of lances. Here's to Philo, as knightly and bold; Here's to the swords of Erin; Long be their flags in our mimic fray Triumphant and spotless, and first alway, And bright as they float o'er the ranks to-day, The golden shamrocks bearin'. Here's to Mephisto, with flames bedight- What a pity he hasn't a daughter I Here's to Mercian, our erring knight; Here's to H. Taylor, first in the fight Here's to all of that circle bright, The riddlers across the water. Here's to Toss, whether knight or maid; Here's to the n'xt Philander; To V. D. T. of the stainless blade, Ne'er may his fame or his laurels fade, Or his muse from the " Tourney" wander. FELIX F., Liverpool. NARRATIVE META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one of a word to form anothler word, expressed in the narrative.) (LINES ON A REJECTED CON.) Before Sending It. 11.-I hoped some folks would read the con., And o'er its lines would pause a bit ; P'r'aps gaze in admiration on, Yet wonder what was cause of it (As they do with all good poetry). p I thought perhaps a witty line Was to the author dull and stale; 1( But to a critic very fine- I couldn't think I'd "mull" and fail. After Sending It. I've wondered where its " virtue" lay, And sought to find some point in it; But only found at close of day Vexatiouns ters anuointing it. Yea, thoulgh my name appeared below, I couldn't make its msrauing plain, For I had tried my best to know, Yet all my thought hIld heen in vain. (P'r'aps'twas better so.) F. Jonsisox, Maanchcster. MIONO 'PHONE. (Wordsof different neaning. but the same in sound.) 12.--" Oh, Fred," I said, "I've dropped the first;" "That's bad," to me he said; "You must have lost it on the next;" (C And back the way he led. J. H. VIvrIAN, Croydon, REVEIRSION. (A word which read bacskwar.l forms another wordl 13.-My primal nieaus kiu·gly, Or royal is as rear; And if you reverse it. It Will name a beer.
DECAPITATIONS. D (rop the first letter of a word. leaving another word) 14.-Lo, when the morning gleameth Upon the speckled sky, The lazy city steameth, And dusty sparks are high; A crowd of people streameth To where the streamers fly, With steamers puffiug by, And little each esteemeth The city looming nigh, B3t every feature beameth The ocean to espy. The country's seeker schemeth Into its way to pry, And every dreamer dreamoth That labour is a lie. Each little wavelet creameth, And in its hopping seemeth To wink a little eye, Lo, when the morning gleameth Upon the speckled sky. Lo, when the great eitn pod0reth Its heat upon the world, T11o Iee -a pirate-soareth into the mists upcurled, And folks are promenading Next from the crowd that's madding, And every other crowd. And Joe, and Tom, and Peggy, And Liz, and Jim, and Maggie, Are of each other proud; 4In dress of lawn and print Of every shape and tint, With latest fashions in't, And flounced, and furbelo*ed5 And bustled, fringed, and bowed, With bonnets that are hatty, And jackets that are natty, With stripes so very loud. And Tim, and Dick, and Billy Are looking very silly, But wager just a shilling They are sublimely killing, Though in the furnace grilling They smell like washing day, But every charm display, In half a dozen gronping, Upon the greensward trooping, Until to conquer stooping They gaily go to grass. And every one is scooping The ham and such from tins, With many happy slitters, And many oUts and ins. And merry men are boring The corks of ginger pop, And Jack the score is scoring Until he's told to stop. A:nd Ch urlie, with air crass, Then serves out double sass, And jirst and smirkings pass, And Bobby's watclhchuuin glitters With glitter made of brass; And all the genial sitters Smile on each bonny lass; All slops and Bass bitters, And crumb and other litters, Are littered o'er the grass, Lo, when the rays are splitters, And pour upon the mass. Lo, in the afternooning The folks in pairs are spooning, While cuckoo birds are crooning In croons that come in pairs; And far within the treeses, Wherever Bessie pleases, Torn sits, and Tommy squeezes Her-elbow unawares. And many a bee that's homing In such a gloomless gloaming Beneath the shade is roaming, Within it penetrates; And with an airy hopping, Upon his head is dropping, And soon insinuates Itself beneath his collar, Which maketh Tom to holler; And if there were a rafter 'Twould ring with Bessie's laughter. And Tom, condemning beeses, Hopes for the evening breezes, And must the question ask her- Which doesn't seem to task her- To what degree a maiden, With beating heart love-laden, Would like the day's beat made ? And Tom's delight up-piling, She answers, coy and smiling, All fear of guile beguiling: ." With just two in the shade." And then the day is over ; But then upon the clover Sit sweetheart and sit lover, Lo, in the afternooning The mighty moon is mooning, And sees-the wicked jade- What mooners' vows are paid. IVANHOE, Belfast. 15.-I first next my desk one night, Thinking of something to write, But my ink I upset, And, my friends, you can bet No cons. did I that night indite. I got in an awful rage, Of my paper tore up each page; I broke up my pen And pencil, and then I did not look like a sage. I was in a frightful passion, And, in philosopher tashion, Put the candle to bed, Then blew out my head. Readers, don't think I'm a rash 'nn. ADA SKYE AND Es. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ez Dressed in the narrative.) 16.-A face like an apple that's been softly sat on, A voice like a whistle that's thirty notes flat, Some "gingery" hair with a blue and green hat on, A figure that, vulgarly speaking, is fat ; A waist like a tub of the hugest dimension, And boots that are " twenties "--perhaps even more; A rickety bustle of startling extension-- Yes, all this applies to the girl I adore. I want to dispose of this marvellous maiden, I promise that she shell l1e sold very cheap; nows, vwho with my burdet is going to be htden ? OT. who T )on't rifise. of r you'll ciuse n,- to weep. Thle way that her manifold charms are reciteil In verse number one ought to certainly draw; I fancied your hopes would be greatly excited, But find that my wishes are scanttered like straw. H. J. W. OFmon, Islington. BETA-OBIEGRAM, (Chlange the second and aInst letters of a word. to form another word.l 17.-Worlds and empires rolling onward First their prestige and their power; Kingdonms fall, and utter ruin Mrk them in their ~nexrt long hour. E:unglar!nd, great as tuow she be, None her future now can see; She may fall, As lome and (a~thitge have before us all. W, A.. LANGBTON,
NARRATIVE DECAPITATTIO, (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another Word, erptbses in the narrative.) 18.-The queen's non est-God save the king! Let me be in the struggle; For long ago within this ring I used to jest and juggle. My name was in an older school, Who scribbled to a golden rule, Ne'er to false pride to pander I And so1 loud Hercules, I kick By every means and riddling trick Against your bard, Philander I God save the king I But not King Mugg, 'Gainst whom I'll pull, and wrench, and tug; For his, compared with others' rhyme Who've riddled here from olden timbs Most surely dry as <ust ~b; And so~ upholding better choice, !c ry with heart and soul and voice Against this wild injustice I Give your support, all loyal knights, And set the "Tourney's " wrongs to rights. Why own we queen, whose constant wheeze Has troubled even Hercules P Injustice e'en can see the fault Arising from her error; Let not this effort to exalt Provoke a Reign of Terrorl Straight to the point, our choic nor blitid the bold, discainlinating minid That weighs due claims and actions; I move the scenes and look behind, And scorn deluding factions. No random chooser I, whose heart Wanders to one who plays a part; True worth shall e'er command my praise, All else mast bear the loss. And so, in these and future days, I cry, All honour to the lays Of good old Toss I My former name-o'er which you'll ponder- Is altered now to VAGABONDA. NARRATIVE CURTAILMfENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, exprossed in the narrative.) 19.-My uncle O'Winckle, With many a Wrinkle, Some fine day I think'll Drop warmly on the He is a relation, And, by occupation, He lives on the nation, However that be. He's very rheumatic, My uncle erratic; He lives in an attic With one mangy cat,' Whose name is Belinda. (He once nearly skinned her, Because from a window She dropped on him pat.) He isn't too thrifty, He's just five-and-fifty, But, oh ! for that gift he Possesses-to kick I And so if you'll listen This story I'll christen, And make your eyes glisten In showing my trick. My uncle O'Winckle, Whose optics would twinklel You see, this old fellow, Who can softly bellow, Was washing his yellow Old visage one day, And I, always joking, While he was there soaking, Went instantly poking, And found out a way To make that mug howl; I captured his towel, And black as a cowl I spread it with soot. . . And now this relation Who lives on the nation Loves me with elation (Or, maybe, his foot), This murderous uncle Who owns a carbuncle I LILIAN DOUGLAS AND S. A. DE BEAu, VERBAL CHARADE, (A word, each letter of which is treated sepaliatly) 20.-In the fish that's in a pool ; Iu the lackey, smart and cool; In the bird that sings so sweet In the boy who's in the street ; In the knob that's on the door In the carpet on the floor; In the tower that's so high: Iu the thrush that's in the sky; In the fin that's on a fish ; In the goose that's on a dish; In the vine upon a wall ; In the ball held at the Hall ; In the abbe of the church; In the hen upon i perch ; In the " Tourney "last will be Whole a riddling knight you'll see. F. E. HIND, Hull. CHARADE. (Formed on , word each syllable of which is a word.) 21.-My first upon a second stood, For distant countries bound; And sad I felt, for whole sincere Is seldom to be found. FLIBBERTIGIBBET, DIAMOND PUZZLE. 22.-This figures prominently in pain or pleasure. To decay. Versifiers. The goddess of mischief. In sun. shine and storm. TROJAa.