The Riddler.
1.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. [The initials and finals of the cross words read downwards form other words.] FOUNDATION WORDS. I know a fairy maiden, Whose name 1 will not tell, Her hair is of a golden hue, Her voice, sweet as a bell. She's known as "Saucy Rosebud," A pretty name, you see, And when I meet her, I will ask If she my whole will be. CROSS WORDS. My first is a man's Christian name, 'Tis in the Bible quoted ; My second is the largest fish That e'er in water floated. Third is a female's Christain name, There is no doubt about it ; Fourth is a thing we all possess, We could not hear without it. Last is a word that's often used By sailors when at sea, When they're hauling anything, And want it tight to be. Nemo. 2.—NUMERICAL TRANSPOSITION. My whole is a word of six letters, and a part of the human body. My 3, 4, 5 G, is oneof the points of the com- 1, 3, 4, 2, is a very savage animal, 5, 3, 4, G, is a resting place, 2, 4, G, 3, is a tax, 6, 3, 4, is what you drink at tea-time, 3, 4, 2, is what everyone possesses, 5, 4, 3, is the name of portions of the ocean, 3, 4, 6, is what you do every mealtime, 1, 4, 6, is a curious kind of bird, 3, 2, 4, means a certain period of time. G, 4, 2, is a sticky substance obtained from coal. Nemo. ť?. S ТЯ/РЕ. з.—Decapitations. Behead me once with greatest caro, And there appears a savoury fare ; A second time, and you will see •What all the fruit you eat should be. Restore, curtail, and in a trice •Behold a very narrow slice. Behead me now and you will find What folks do on ice if they don't mind. Take off my head—some little boys . Often do this to books and toys. Restore my head when of tail bereft, A well-known Latin word is left. J. Nash. One day a lady went into A jeweller's in Barnet, And to the shopman said : " Do you Sell small rings set with garnet ?" "Oh, yes; we've almost everything; I'm sure our stock is second. We keep a kind of garnet ring Which best of all is reckoned." Says she, " What you say is the best Is sure to be the worst, sir ; So I will make this slight request, That you give me a first, sir." F. P. Harwood. ANAGRAMS ON ENGLISH TOWNS. The huge bird came, and poised in air ; Hia helpless prey shrieked in despair. Thafc we can sell them all and more I am, sir, absolutely sure. No tears were shed from Clara's eyes, Which caused the people much surprise.
'· Steer, Charley, for the landing-pier ; The waves are rather high out here. 5. The boy lives in a dirty room But rareiy touched by brush or broom. 6. With lovely smiles and charming grace She said her fortune was her face. Francis P. Harwood. 6.—ENIGMA. In winter I'm hot, in summer I'm cold, Contrary to human nature I'm told. In every room of your house I'm found. I've a prison cell wifch bara around. When you know what I am, you'll agree with one mind I'm a useful thing to all mankind. E. W. Steven. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1.—There-hy. 2.—Carlisle.