THE PUZZLER. 522.—CHARADE.
It was α dull October morn : the trees looked dim with mist, And far away the mountains gray were by the dark clouds kiss'd; The dreary wind sighed through the glade where two young lovers stood Beside a bubbling burn that played through shady glen and wood. No lively air could they assume : a careworn look they had,·· Thc weather seemed to lend its gloom, and make them dull and sad. ' His dreams of wealth, his hopes of fame, hc whis¬ pered in her ear ; By many a fond, endearing name hc tried her heart to cheer. She took my total from my first aud placed it iu his hand, And said, '"Twill make you think of me when in a foreign laud." A clinging kiss, a long embrace, he pressed her to his heart— Oh ! ye are blessed who never know what pain it is to part ! Bill sped across tho ocean wave, he saw thc seas rise wild, He heard the storm-vånds madly rave, aud mourn¬ fully he smiled ; For gloomy as the scene without, his soul was dark within, And for the elemental strife he scarcely cared a pin. But time and distance blunt the edge of love as well as grief, And ere the ship had reached her port his bosom fouud relief. Turn we to her. Old Father Time had marked another year, And William in a foreign clime seemed scarcely now so dear. So when twelve weary months had rolled, and lovers came to woo, Though she could not farge Ь the old, she hankered after new. One bird, she reasoned, in the hand is worth two far away ; Besides, she knew in foreign land poor Bill iu sick¬ ness lay : She heard with very little grief the news from o'er the seas— In fact, 'twas almost with relief she heard of his decease. In short, as I need scarcely say, ere two short years had fled, Upon a summer morning gay our heroine was wed. О faithless girl ! too soon hadst thou forgotten thine own Bill! Forgotten was that earnest vow made by the bumie's rill- Forgotten he for whom she sighed that morning in the wood, As now a blooming, blushing bride she at the altar stood. The bridal o'er, the happy pair forth from the chapel went, Without a thought of toil or care, but with them¬ selves content. She dreamed not of the ills of life that strewed her pathway o'er— Her object gained, she was a wife, and cared for nothing more. A year had fled since she was wed j again 'tis summer gay; To take the air one morning fair she strolled along the way, And partly dressed in second fine, she looked as fresh and fair As she had done in "auld lang syne," ere yet she knew a care, When, sooth to say, along the way a gentleman she spied : 'Twas surely Bill if he lived still ! but, then, she knew hc died. The stranger stopped, held out his hand. " Oh, Heav'n !" she thought ; " 'tis he !" She knew not whether still to stand, or turn away and flee. He noticed her reluctant air, and asked her what was wrong (Too well avc kuow the "gentle fair " cannot be silent long); So, gathering her wits again, with faint frown on her brow, The lady said, "I will be plain: we must be strangers now." In silk and satin, like a queen, she spoke with haughty pride : "We caunot be as we have been—I am another's bride." He heard her quite unmoved and cool, and quietly he saici : " Don't think that I am such a fool as not to know you're wed. Love is a passion time will cure and distance drive away, Though lovers say it will endure for ever—and a day. But now, to tell you what I've done in all this weary time : A fortune very soon I won in that far-distant clime. One day I met a lovely maid, and, better to be told (For beauty soon or late will fade), she had a store of gold, And wealth if used aright's a stake which will great pleasure give ; So, 'stead of dying for your sake, I then resolved to live For hers. Madam, I sha'n't be rude, so entertain no fears, For, this long story to conclude, we're married these two years !" John Scon.