[DpL TOURNAMENT. LARBATIVE METAGRAMS. , ,trL t letter of s word to orm another word,expressed
1jcd save the queen by Marion crowned, -,dye all.honoured and renowned, If suff'ring from the wheeze. That's universal in the " T.," From which no one of us is free, Not even Heroules I To queen I still am loyal, and know The many of our band are so; And it is evidential No king elected could command A whole united " Tourney" band, Though each have fair credential. If does" uneasy lie the head Of monarch "-mimic though instead- A queen's must restless he; Indeed, did I control such things, I'd make all comers full-blown kings, And that good.naturedly I Why should our " T." be made the scene Of private and imported.spleen ? Why lash the whip of scorn ? 'Tis vanity-I've had my share, And so can feel how others fare; Best were our battles drawn. aLgg our king! I pass the joke- He has denied the gentle poke. To Vagabonda's claim, Why, let us give a proper word, Acknowledging the old-time sword, The humour, and the fame Of Toss-too oft my mimic foe ; Give all due plaudits, for we know E'en foemen can be just, Though Vagabonda hotly flamed, I'm sure himself he has misnamed, To impulse giving trust. As one of you I claim the right To state my view, and still do plight Belief in our queen's pen To re-unite the diff'ring bards, Conciliate with fair awards, Rehearse old times again. If king we are to have at all, Erin it is should meet the call; But whosoe'er he be, If crowned by a united voice, I, subject, will support the choice, And count his goodwill free; Per dear's the welfare of the " T." To me, and, I well know, to ye. V. D. TAYLoR, Warrington. I.-Sir Marmaduke Kickm Lived down in High Wickm, Unless he was staying at Margate; He practised at shooting Amid urchins' hooting, And sometimes he madem his targate. Perhaps, too, at Bristol He'd boast of his pistol, And how he could " bring down " a planet; No matter if British, Or German so skittish, Or even a modest old Danet I He'd say, "Bring me Graham, Or Dicks, and I'll flahm- I'll teachm to hold up a musket !" He spoke without stopping, That soon he was hopping For fear be would sever his wusket. But one piece of shooting He never was bruiting, Which caused him to look a small coon; But if life's worth living, And you'd go to hiving, Don't ask when he last " shot the moon " I S. A. DE BEAR. METAGRAMS. Ihanpe the first letter of a word to form another word.) k-With rolling eye and maudlin screech, And verse that's very, very "young," Like infants crying each to each We're heard last week's new batch beseech, And try to sing, and try to preach, And many things they've preached and sung. Each week we hear an empty fizz Prom some one who has donned a Ila's helm and coat and thinks it's his, And that in it he'll do the "biz." Poor Mugg is vanquished-now it is The mighty Vagabonda. He has been here before us all, Ere any present knight was christened; And hints at how he could enthrall (Another David with his Saul) The frequenters of " Tourney's" hall, And almost every one who listened. Tie well the past is never nove, He casts no glamour o'er us, Orowe should not with cheerful brow hie to the roof an awful row, ut in his master presence bow, And wail in plaintive chorus. "The queen's non est !" 'Tis news to me, Though truth should still be first in Latin; e queen is gone that used to be (Regretted deeply by the," T."), But there's another, all agree; So ,hy did you, good sir, put that in ? God save the king I" Which king, I ask P For every new wire-puller has set himself a pretty task, Tressed in a borrowed plume and casque, omkea king .rom every mask, And every knight a ruler. To.e good advice, my Vagabond- oit not your fresh heart prove unruly; nevery stranger we are fond, Of vt your would-be magic wand lnknwn power makes as despond, rrite our "Tourney" vows ntrul. Jst Toss the V agabonsla way Let wear a brow serene lip . see the worth ou can display .v ding till another day. y her delightful sway, Live, long live the queen I" IvANHOE, Belfast. P"heartiest greetings, clever Inn, For your voice so true and clear I And your verses full of promise Will be doubly welcome here. irstyour muse is ecak. Oh, Ina, That' a statement I oppose; y, with half your ease and talent ou could distance many foes. Let ns see your name, dear, often low you last the band belong; in have banished thoughts of sadness ith the music of your song. LILAN M. DoUOLAs, London, r i , PALINDROME. 1. '. reavd bckwaords or forwards is still the same.) l'orather I'm another name; ars or forwards I'm the same. H. Bosaisoc, Sheffield.
NARBRATIVIE PREQE.OMEGRAM. (Chance the last letter but one of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 6.-With forbearance worthy praising after labour great I'm raising From the sadly stubborn embers in the grate a youth. ful flame, Of its shape the loaf despoiling- Will that kettle e'er be boiling ? My arrangements for the banquet put all feelings quite to shame. I've invited Brown and Johnson (this no subject to write cons. on), And the mater's gone to lecture on " The usefulness of man ;" Now these muffins should be toasted, I believe-I'd ne'er have boasted Had I forseen what mortal risk of ridicule I ran. Yes, I should have been a daughter- Why, the kettle's got no water, And a hole is in the bottom I Whatonearth can now be done ? Ah, there still remains the saucepan, though the remedy is coarse-man 'S usefulness is lacking in my mother's hopeful son ; There are eggs (and three are broken), and our single cup's bespoken- Will the cake taste slightly musty P-we've preserved it right from Yule. I might things be loud abusing, and my temper wholly losing If I let my inclinations o'er necessity have rule. I believe that eggs want timing- Why, that can't be seven chiming- The hour that I've appointed for my guests to please be here! Nor could things- Hallo, you fellows ! here, I say, just take those bellows And try to boil the water, though there's little chance, I fear. J. STOCms, Lambeth. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 7.-Last night, while so gracefully rolling Far over the billows' bright foam, I thought, while on deck I was strolling, Of knights of the " Tourney " at home. And I said, " I will send them a greeting From my soul's very deepest recess;" But I do not know when I shall meet with a pen That will trace all my heart would express. Fair autumn once more is before you, With harvest and warm sunny daysi Oh, may its bright sunshine shed o'er you Its fairest, its brightest of rays, That far from the lists of the " Tourney " Shall scatter all trouble and care, And, gleaming afar, leave no dark cloud to mar The joy that has ever reigned there. While my challenge is now being spoken, I dream, 'neath a tropical sun, Of lances that soon may be broken, Of wreaths that may never be won, Of smiles that may never be granted, For I know, by reviewing the past, That knights bold and true, quite a dozen or two, Compete in your lists for the last. But when in your first you are meeting, Surrounded by beauty so fair, Oh, think, while returning each greeting, Of one who so longs to be there. Who hopes yet, in happier moments, To carry the lance and the shield, And lose for awhile all his cares 'neath the smile Of some "Tournament" queen on the field. Adieu. Though my lone heart is yearning For scenes that have flown with the past; Ere long I shall now be returning, So cares to the winds I'll cast. Let high howl the tempest above me, Beneath me let wild waters foam, For the voice of the wind whispers "peace" to his mind When it wafteth the wanderer home. SEA SERPENT. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narratlive.) 8.-You may climb up a mountain that's rocky, And think you have done something great; You may climb up a house by the chimney, And over a seven-barred gate. You may climb up a pole that is greasy, And climb with great ease up a tree; But you cannot climb up where the stars are, Though you try until next jubilee. You may blow bubbles oft for the children, And blow a fly off from your hand; You may blow out a candle quite easily, And blow till you scarcely can stand. You may blow till your eyes become yellow, And pallid and dim your red cheeks; But you cannot blow out the lightning, though You try for a million of weeks. You may think a man's perfectly honest, Judging just by the way that he acts; You may think, too, some fellow religious Because he's oft dealing in tracts. You may think any one is a martyr Who tries every wrong to redress; But you won't think a man is an angel If he robs you of all you possess. You may walk through a lane every morning, And walk to your work every day; You may walk till you cannot walk further, And so walk back just the same way. You may walk to the city of London, And see Young Folks office quite plain; But you can't walk the sea to Jamaica, Though you try till you've gout on the brain. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. 9.-Can any one remember me Who riddled long ago, And wrote a hundred cons. or more Of order rather low ? I'm sorry that I stayed away, And shunned the " T." so long; But in the future, if I may, I'll sing you many a song. Why, V. D. T., and Syntax, Leigh, And David Gow were then Some of the merry mortals who Did wield the riddling pen. And Archer B., and H. A. T., And Marion of that ilk, And Queenie, in her royal garb, With crown and robe of silk. Did I forget another wight Who did his level best, And put his rivals and his foes Unto the bitter test, I should deserve a sadder fate Than Ordipus or "She," For him I mean to mention now Is-guess, now, who is he? At any rate, if you'll allow, I'll break another lance, Although the vanquished may not go "Adown death's devious dance." So here 1 beg to make my bow And take a manly stand, To challenge all who care to brawl To meet me hand to hand. T-a SAsaOCcg KNIaHT, Dublin.
NARRATIVE 10OUBLE CURTAILMENT., (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving anotier word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 10.-Sir Gawain, if your ready lines Showed all a warrior's merit, I'd cast asidslay deep designs, Acknowledging your spirit. Whate'er you be-high knight or squire (And I lhave my suspicions) Your verse exhibits youthfulir Without its best additions. Its best additions I will name, Explaining, Words so mystic; And when to these you've proved a claim In manner all artistic, I'll meet you in the " Tourney " field, Where every battle rages, And prove your worth, so well conceale In eight of all our sages. Its best additions. First of these Experience comes; you'll find, sir, That he who'd fight with Hercules Must not be young and blind, sir. He must have faced full many a fight, And broken many lances; For when he's raised my anger quite, Full brittle are his chances. Next, modesty-and by your tone 'Tis not in your possession- A quality which each should own Who follows my profession; For I was modest long ago, When I was young and tender; But that wears off, my friend, and so My portion now is slender. When time has cooled your ardour warm, And brought you sage reflection, You'll hesitate to raise a storm By seeking my correction. Avaunt, my friend-my leniency Most meet your admiration; I've answered you, and that should be Sufficient consolation. HEROULES, NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-Two lovers stood beside a stream Indulging in a golden dream Of future blisses. Said he, as lovingly he placed His arm around her slender waist And on her lips imprinted scores of kisses, "Who loves me truly, loves me well, And always will-come, can you tell?" And then he called her " darling Lily," And other names a deal more silly. She blushed, and through him sent a thrill Of joy by answering, "1, Will." Six months passed on, months free from care, And one May morn the self-same pair Stood at the altar; She stood erect, as calm and grand As any queen-he nervous, and, As bridegrooms are, a bit inclined to falter Whene'er he spoke. She promised to Love, honour, and obey him through Both thick and thin; and when the parson Asked if she'd have William Carson For her own dear husband till Death should them part, she said, " I will." Another half year passed away. He talked no more of love's sweet sway, And lips of coral, And pearly teeth, and eyes of blue, And silken hair of golden hae- Alas I they scarcely did aught else but quarrel I Said he to her one day, " You cat I When we were wed you promised that You'd love, and honour, and obey me; Now, what attention do you pay me P" "Shut up we're married now," said Lil; " You can obey, sir, while I will 1" P. WYArr, Nottingham. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 12.-My friend Will de Winkles was certainly rough, But still you could not put him down as a mough; If you wished to fight he'd ejaculate "Stough 1" That's De Winkles I De Winkles' two sisters are nice-looking gurls, They do up their hair every night in long kirls, They attend dancing lessons, and go in for whurls, Do the De Winkles I One day I took one of them out for a row, She asked me one question-'twas if I could sow; She fainted away as I answered her, " Kno I" Did Miss De Winkles I When De Winkles died and " sent in his checks," Some one in the crowd cried out, " What is the seocks ?" And the parson exclaimed, " Why, a youth in blue specks Was De Winkles I" DYKES AND DE BEAR. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The lettersof a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 13.-They come to me by my fireside, As I sit in the waning light, The thoughts of the friends of childhood, When the days and the hours were bright; With the voices of happy childhood, Of the friends whom no more I see, Who have fallen by life's weary wayside, Or have parted for ever from me. Then there comes, as I sit by my fireside, The thoughts that the past is dead, That now I must live in the present, In the world's fierce fight for bread; And the comforting thought comes o'er me That still I have friends true and tried To cheer me in joy and in sorrow, To encourage whatever betide. Then away with the past to oblivion, Since its pleasures can never return; Let my heart with bright thoughts of the present, Happy hopes of the future, burn. Future happiness springs from the present, Its joys must from present work come; So I'll build brightest hopes for to-morrow On the memories of yesterday's tomb. E. W. SnURvEL, Lee Green. CHARADE. (Formsd on a word,eaoh syllable of whlch is a worl.l 14.-A portion in my first behold, It may be large or small; A piece of ground is last, I'm told- On it you have to crawl. If you go shooting with your gun, Just take a trip round hill and dale; And then we'll have such jolly fun, For this to shoot we'll never fail. C. E. BRANCH AND C. F. BLACKBURn . MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound,) 15.-I went out one night My brother to meet; But the flrt was so thick I him next in the street. J. H. VrvraN, Croydon,
NARRATIVE DUAGBAM, (Ohange the ralt two letters of a word to form another word, se pressed In the narrative.l 16.--111 sing you a wee little song, Tral-la ! I promise it shall not be long, Tral.la I Good morning! I hope You have used Pear's Soap- But that's nothing to do with the song, Tral-la I That's nothing to do with the song. The birds fly up in the trees, Tral-la ! And chirp their song in the breeze, Tral-la I They seem to say, In a jocular way, " Tweet, tweet I we live at our ease, Tral-la I Tweet, tweet! we live at our ease." This little refrain that I use, Tral.la I really don't wish to abuse, Tral-la l But it fits so fine At the end of a line And it's just what a fellow would choose, Tral-la l It's just what a fellow would choose. A donkey I saw that could run, Tral.la ! I said, " How d'ye do ?" just for fun, Tral-la I But it gave me a kick In the fifth of a tick, Then flew like a shot from a gun, Tral-la ! Then flew like a shot from a gun. Went fishing one day in a most, Tral-la ! In a very big waterproof coat, Tral.-la I My rod broke in three When I hooked up a tree, And a fish ran away with the float, Tral-la ! A fish ran away with the float. J. W. SEWALL. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of othtr Sords.) Foundation Word. 17.-Look through the martial pages Of a time of partial laws, There I find a hero valiant Fighting for a nation's cause; Forth from out of all his comrades He runs forward to his death; In himself he sheaths the spears, Opes the way, and yields his breath. Cross Words. My first is a grand, great thing, Next you possess it; If you don't, then surely you Will third confess it. Ignorance and Bigotry $ Once stood side by side, Fourth upon a railroad track With Folly as guide; Knowledge came along with power, Both closely allied, Fifth was sent to " smithereens," Glad they were to hide- Glad to cover up their heads Just for a sixth while, Until they both grew bolder For another trial. The three eight upon the sea Trusting all too well; But so seventh the winds blew that Ninth the sea they fell, Knowledge, as a steamer, saved them from being last, And landed them much wiser men upon safe ground. W. A. LANGSTON, Poplar. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 1B.-When the night-shades around, airs, are falling, And clouds overshadow the sky, When loudly the tom-cats are squalling, My primals you then will espy. Cross Words. 500 and go A very cute and very keen Animal will here be seen. ? , brattute Unravel this, and then you'll see A word expressing quality. 56 ,, trues Through pleasant woods beneath the trees I love to stroll along by these. 1,501 ,, gonk If you to light this word wouldbring You'll have the dominion of a king. 1,000 ,, non An appellation here you'll trace; 'Tis owned by all the human race. 1,000 ,, yeno 'Tis most unpleasant to possess C'o who destroys your happiness. 500 ,, thorshan Disclose my sevsnth-you'll then An art which all should try to learn. 500 ,, notessan My last to every one imparts A stone composed of grains of quartz, KINGFISHER, Birkenhead. PYRAMID PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 19.-This at meals is mostly used, Though oftentimes it is abused; For if upset 'tis very clear That bad luck shortly will be here. Cross Words. A consonant my first is, I declare; My second's something which we wear; Third is felt when we are ill; " Sacred music " this place fill. C. F. BLACKBURN AND H. E. ENGLISH, " _ .q- .. ..