THE PUZZLER.
) 350.—CHAEADE. . Over the frozen snow, for many a mile, The wayworn horses drag their swaying load : A carrier s waggon, with a wondrous püe Of varied goods beneath its awning stowed ; And, as they laboured o'er the crusted road To gain the haven of a wayside inn, From which a twinkling light now faiutly showed, The carrier, honest lad, with hearty din, Loud heralds forth, " My first its journey's end doth win." Quickly, with lanthorns, come the ostlers, roused, And strap and buckle swiftly are unbraced ; In stable snug the nags are warmly housed, And, munching oats, forget the wintry waste Which they, and their good master long have faced. Andrew is welcomed by the jovial host, And straight the hostess hath before him placed A steaming cup, from which he drinks the toast— "Auld Scotia's weal;" his land is e'er my second's boast. A goodly company is entertained Within that old inn parlour's panelled walls ; 'Tis Christmas Eve ; the wassail bowl is drained, While many a good old song each ear enthrals ; Or, perhaps, some peddler's ghostly tale appals Each superstitious listener's inmost soul ; The while the ruddy firelight leaps and falls, Intensifying tale of sprite and ghoul By casting shades, distorted wierdly, on my whole. S. T. A, N. 351.—VEEBAL CHAEADE. First is in thought, not in mind j Second is in breath, not in wind. Third is in even, not in odd ; Fourth is in cane, not in rod. Fifth is in brain, not in head ; Sixth is in loaf, not in bread. Seventh is in wild, not in tame ; Eighth is in snipe, not in game. Ninth is in wasp, not in bee ; Tenth is in you, not me. Eleventh is in ship, not in boat ; Twelfth is in torn, not in coat. Thirteenth is in tench, not in fish ; Fourteenth is in plate, not in dish. And whole is a famous Prussian commander— He's likely to prove a " Great Alexander." 352.—ANAGEAMS ON THE NAMES OF CELE¬ BEATED SOLDIEES. 1.—Forward, men ! I will surprise France ! Cipio, К С. 2.—Needle-gun ov'rcame France. On to M'trop'lis in much haste ! Ink ! 3.—Turco's are forlorn hope ! Grave in G. 4.—He did fight Waterloo well, surely I Fran** Kneels. Ullam. 5.—He charged at Malakof. О ! ansum man, M. 6.—Fired on a large pagoda near L—m—1. E. W. С. 353.—DOUBLE ACEOSTIC. 1. Л conceited fellow this will show ; 2. A Eussian river you must know. 3. In Latin the present time I mean ; 4. An unruly member next is seen. 5. Behold a plant with a bulbous root ; 6. Competition past, this is the fruit. Ye readers of the G. J., all, Your kind attention now I call, To the initials, which will name A personage well known to fame. Eead down the finals, too, beside, A noble leader ; nay, our guide ! Long life and happiness, we say, To him and the far-famed G. J. Neil A. Maxwell. 354.—ENIGMA. When genial summer holds her sway, Gladdening the votaries keen Of out-door sports—what one then so gay As cricket, the game of the green ? You'll find me there in midst of the field, Tho' often I'm seen far away : 'Twere vain of him who should try to wield His bat, were I not in the play. In battle array—in the heat of strife Of cannon, of sword, and spear : When carnage is rife, heedless of life, Again you behold me here ! Swifter than arrow, seeking my prey, Full many a one I've slain ; Who has not perished by me can say That I have nót caused 'cute pain. But view me now in a different Ught, Along the street as you hie : Brothers are we, whose colour as bright Is as gold—least very nigh. In each festive dance you'll us perceive, When beauty and wealth have met In pleasure to spend the passing eve, Banishing care and regret. In the Cf. J. columns, too, I'm seen, Ingenious youths here know ; In competition for I have been— Eeader, my answer now show. Neil A. Maxwell. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 69. *„,* For answers to Puzzler in No. 57, please see preceding page.