The Riddler.
1. CHARADES. M*f fint is when a thing has not been used, And consequently is not bruised ; My second nourished best in days gone by, And now belongs to persons rich and high ; My whole is in a map, if to the north you'll turn, And from it comes a mineral which we burn. W. H. Land. 2. My first's a measure you'll have to learn at school. And some would say "they detest the horrid rule ;" My second's a term oft addressed to a person, And though it's nofc nice, there's many a worse 'un ; My tuhoWs a person nofc unknown to fame, And X leave it to you to guess hia name. W. II. Land, A pretty first came gaily tripping Lightly o'er the woodland dells ; The fairy voice was clear and sounding Sweet and soft as silver bells. A soldier on my next was sfcanding, Gently leaning on his gun ; Thoughts of home flashed through his mind, As thus he watched the setting sun. By skilful men my next is written, And often heard in various ways, Though much improved than 'twas of old, In these advanced, enlightened days. My whole you'll see is often met with, No matter where we chance to be ; So use your wits and solving power, And soon the answer you will see. Herbert Read, REBUS, Tf you to a consonant kindly will place part of your head, though no part of the fac?, fruit you will see if you rightly succeed, So I'll leave you to guess and remain уоигя, H. Read. ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. Like a fairy ifc comes to spread gladness around, The flowers seem to sway with delight ; How sweetly the notes from our winged minstrels sound In the trees, where they sing until nighfc ! Cross Words. How we all love to row o'er the rippling stream, Watching firsťs beams as they play On the water, reflecting their shadows, which seem Just to sparkle, and then die away. That eminence towering up lofty and grand, In next how majestic its mien ; As Jourth by the cool breezes gently are fanned, And sighs 'neafch its leaves of bright green. Soon this grand building is brought to the ground, From its lofty position 'tis thrust ; Third and destruction we see all around— The proud structure now mingles with dust. How often we stand next position and fame, Till a step falsely placed hurls us back ; Leaving us nought but a true honest name, Which cheers though sore troubles may rack. Some wish to be last, yet few ever attain The one great desire of their hearfc ; For the smiles of Dame Fortune but few ever gain, She веетв loth with her goodness to part. J. Nash. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. W harfe. 2. December. 3. GLAD LACE ACME DEED 4. A thorn in the foot. 5. Spare, spar. G. Mug-gum. 7. Ava-A va. 8. Eton, note. 9. Mayor, Mayo, May. 10. Car-go. 11. Slate, late, ate, at.