TILE PUZZLER. 386.—PICTOBIAL EEBUS. a
387.-CHAEADES. 1,—'Twas harvest home, and all were merry-making My first the squire's rural village seat ; Eaeh one wae of the welcome fare partaking, While toast and song went round with joy re¬ plete. There, whirling 'mid my third's gay mystic mazes, The maid and matron, youth and squire, were seen, As cheerful as the brightly blooming daisies That interspersed the lively village green. And some were here, and some were there, en¬ gaged In passing round the cheering flowing bowl ; While others on their lovers andjthe aged Were happily and ever in my whole. Thus passed away the time, till day's declining Proclaimed my second's hour near at hand ; Then rose the harvest-moon, all brightly shining O'er field and wood, and streams sublimely grand. B. F. Bartlett. 2.— While strolling home the other night, I heard a crackling sound, And then I saw a blazing light I Hlumine all around. «* First—first !" in ringing shouts I cried j But not а last was near ; Off instantly for whole I hied, Who quickly did appear. J. W. Muir. 388.—DOUBLE ACEOSTIC. Two famous bards are here displayed, Whose glorious works shall never fade. 1. How sweet is this when tired with toil I 2. A lake on Asia's burning soil. 3. In Hindostán this plant is found; 4. But this grows on our native ground. 5. A country, rather cold, 'tis true; 6. Be careful never this to do. 7. This little bird is fed with corn ; 8. A famous painter here was born. 9. A name in one of Shakspere's plays ; 10. A soldier well deserving praise; 11. A river in a foreign land, On which a city great doth stand. E. B. S. Watson. 389.--A EEGULAE BIDDLE. I am thinking of a word ; unto you it shall be told : It is what you wish to keep when troubled with a cold. To this by way of head put on another letter ; The word is not improved; it is worse instead of better, So add one to the tail. See there ; with ease you view it. It makes it nicer now—you ask a man to do it ; Yes, ask him, if you please ; he'll do it if he choose. But do not be surprised should he rigidly refuse. Another letter add, and bitter your remorse is To learn, when you can't guess : 'tis something done to horses. One other letter fix, and certainly you'll find It makes α man of merit of a most amusing kind. Well now, the meaning change. Your faith it must not falter ; You'll see a man at work with horse tied up in halter. Add still another letter, and presently 'twill teach That of the last two felbws it will make some more of each. Initial letter'change. The men you see have fled, And in their place you find appendages instead. Once more put on another head, you'll find it if you try, What lover does when languishing he bids his girl good-bye. W. J. Shelley Pilfold. 390.—TEANSPOSITIONS OP PLACES IN ENGLAND. 1. Yet we sent coal up N. N. 2. Nun on porter butt. 3. Nor nice hills. 4. On ! art favoured spot N. 5. Waters! old men. 6. Hence trams. E. W. Johnson. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 80. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 68, please вее preceding page.