THE RIDDLËR.
1. ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORD. A RrnDLEB famous and renowned, You'll see when primais you bave found. ÖBOSS W0HE9. For first a girl's name find, A Roman emperor's second, A sort of beer now bring to mind, If I have rightly reckoned. Mbyhistephfcles now write, Uis dwelling place please now indite. Alberi' A. Dykks, Southampton. 2. CHARADE. My first is a proper name, you see, My next attached to all earts should be. My whole is a firework known to all boys, ltsplutters and íkzss, but does not make noia·.
8. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of α word to form another word.) She was only six years old ; He was scarcely eight ; And in the garden they had met To learn each others fate. Said she, "When we are married, John, We'll have a lot of shops. And nil day I'll с it totïee-sticks, And sui;ar lolly-pops ! " And you shall go to work, John, dear, To bring home lots of mrrey For me to buy first almond cakes, And glasses full of honey. " And I will wear some high-heeled shoes ; But not like sister Rose, For when she walks she loots as if She's falling on her nose. " My dresses shall be made like ma's, Of silks that creak and rustle ; And, oh my 1 John dear, won't I have A great big whacking bustle 1" " Stop ! stop ! dear Di, for goodness sake i" At last young Johnny said, *' Hark ! there is mamma calling us, It's last to go to bed !" Nemo. 4. DECAPITATION PUZZLE. A county in Ireland please curtail ; A kind of food you'll see without fail. Now behead, and you will say It's what we all do every day. Now transpose at d there will be A well-known drink of letters three. Ajax. 5. DECAPITATION AND ADDITION. (Take away the first lutter of a word, and join it to its tail.) A warlike weapon here behold, Try and guess its "ame ; Used by gallant knights of old In their fights of fame. ßpoken by the human mouth Since man was created ; Sometimes savage and uncouth, Sometimes cultivated. If mo. 6. CURTAILMENT. My flrst is a feather you will see, By ladies I am worn, Curtail, and a nice fruit I'll be, From second trees it's torn. Answers to Last Week's Biddies. 1. If, in, is, it. 2. Harp-c. 3. Con-science. 4. The, He. С Wuar, Ear. 6. FISH I P L Я SLIM HEMP