THE RIDDLE BOX.
PCTURE QUOTATUION. , f ( ( 4 - ' . _ - - In what portion of Shakspere's "King Lear" do you find the passage which this picture illustrates ? RYTHMIC ENIGMA. I HAVE but six letters,-I'm little, you see, Yet millions of children have wondered at me. My 2, 6, 5, I you possess and yet seek. My 6, 4, I makes the strongest man weak. My 5, 3, 2, I is both pronoun and noun. And my 5, I, 2 once builded a town. To my 3, 5, 6, 4, I men sometimes have prayed. And my 4, 6, 5, I through most forests has strayed. My 6, 3, 5 is to' mystify you. And devout men oft utter my 6, 5, 1 2. F. H. S ORTHOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. IN what word of five letters, meaning a decoy, can be found, by transposition, the following: A narrative; a beverage; a preposition; a narrow strip of board; a kind of dark stone; a conjunction; a verb; a meadow; the smallest; a point of the compass; some- thing recent; the hindmost, and a conjunction. G.
CROSS-WORD ENIGMA. MY first is in rope, but not in string. My second is in leap, but not in spring. My third is in state, but not in place. My fourth is in cassia, but not in mace. My fifth is in hack, but not in cut. My sixth is in hamlet, but not in hut. My seventh is in lamp, but not in light. My eighth is in quarrel, but not in fight. My ninth is in you, but not in him. My tenth is in Lot, but not in Sim. My eleventh is in hood, but not in hat. My twelfth is in dog, but not in cat. My thirteenth is in rainy, but not in rain. My whole is a bay on the coast of Maine. WM. H. GRAFFAM.
And very seldom-if at all- Has my whole form been seen. M. D. N. REBUS. _ - - - I
RIDDLE. FIRST obtain a certain article-which I leave you to, guess-and join it to a small part of a pea (be it winter or summer), then divide a rose in equal parts, and plac- ing them before you, take the part nearest your left hand. I will assist you to what comes next; and though I do. not " give you an inch," as the proverb says, you " will surely take an ell." Next you must receive aletter of friendship, and then double the numeral used in the middle Latin for eleven, and add fifty, as the Romans did, and the result will be what you are. c. c. LOGOGRIPH. WHOLE, I am a word of five letters, meaning to arouse; beheaded, I am sharp; again beheaded, I am adroitness; syncopated, I am a preposition; curtailed, my first restored and read backward, I am a conjunc- tion; my second and fourth restored, I am a dis- tinguished performer; again beheaded, I am a resinous substance; curtailed and reversed, I am a preposition. What is my name? W. H. G. LITERARY ELLIPSES. (Fill the blanks with the names of English authors.) I. A - upon the - shore had been, I looked again, and it no - was seen. 2. A - who of riches had great store, Was fain to keep a - upon his door. 3. A - trod the desert - and -, And slow, but sure, of - made good his way. J. r. L. CHARADE. MY first, the dark Sefiora Wields with uncommon grace, And blushing, hides behind me, The beauty of her face. My second is a school-boy, The first in every game; And yet,-you 'll scarce believe me,- 'T is nothing but a name. My whole is but a fancy, A vision or a dream,
A QUEER AQUARIUM. --·--; L .... - --" ----- ° ... -- - .... -- " . "-- - " . HERE are some puzzle-fish. They are as strange as the "Curious Fish " in our March number, but those were real, and the appearance of each of these only indicates its name. Who can tell us what they are ?
ENIGMIA. I AM a compound-word of fourteen letters. My 8, 6, 13, 7 makes you comfortable in winter, and 2, 4, 12 is a very useful article in summer; but you will want my 4, 5, o1, 6, 13 during the whole year. My 1o, 13, 9 you use every day, but, if used too much at one time, my Io, 4, 5, 12 will name the result. My 14, 5, 10, I, 12 is something that you dread, and my 4, 10, I I, 7 something that you like. My 14, 5, 7, I is the name of a patriarch who lived at the time of the flood, and my 9, 1o, 13, 3 that of a Roman god. My 13, 7, 12, 8 you will find in the sea, and my 13, 2, 9, 7 is sometimes seen on the ground. My whole is a name which includes many boys and girls, and of which my I, 2, 4, 7 are good rep- resentatives. W. F. C.
APOCOPES. I. APOCOPATE a table of contents and obtain a pre- position. 2. Apocopate pusillanim- ous and obtain to depress by frightening. 3. Apocopate a clownish fellow and obtain a kind of sea-fish. 4. Apocopate a restrained laugh and obtain a small horse. 5. Apocopate extravagant and obtain to dissipate. 6. Apocopate to fortify with stakes and obtain to furnish or store. 7. Apocopate a small shield and obtain a sailor. WM. H. GRAFFAM.
NUMERICAL EXERCISE. THE numbers used are digits. My first and fifth equal my second. My first and third equal my fourth. My second exceeds my first by my fifth. My third doubles my fifth. My first and third equal my fourth. My fourth exceeds my third by my first. My first and second equal my third. My first is half of my fifth. My third and fourth are to my first, second and fifth as 15: I0. ISABEL. HIDDEN SQUARE. WITH one vowel and three consonants form a word- square which, read forward or backward, upward or downward, will be the same. A. N. O.