THE PUZZLER.
t e r t y r f ¬ h ¬ t f — r s m " ¬ ¬ o e r o m¬ i¬ d r e, e s n, h- z, h, r, e , , 600.—CHARADE. Where Swilly's fair river doth slowly meander To mingle its waters with Folyle'a swelling stream, There oft with my Molly at eve I did wander, And we were enraptured in love's pleasant dream. Of all Erin's daughters my Molly was fairest— At least, to my loving eyes so she did seem, And I thought her love and her truth was the rarest, And so I was happy in love's pleasant dream. I was hut a rustic, and homely garb dress'd in, And like to the primal work pleasure did deem ; I lived quite contented, and thought myself blest in The having my Molly in love's pleasant dream. But a change came at last, for one bright early morn, As Sol the earth gilded with many a beam, A stranger from Scotland, one Mr. Alcorn, Arrived, and soon waked me from love's pleasant dream. My garb was the fustian, while his was in fashion, And Molly's bright eyes soon gave out a new gleam ; His person was handsome, his purse it had cash in, But I was clown only, rich in love's dream. Suffice it to say, that the heart of false Molly Young Jamie stole from me, though strange it may seem, And soon they did final, and I, melancholy, Was thus rudely rous'd from love's pleasant dream. I gathered my faction, and, swift as the total, We followed in hopes her I loved to redeem ; But ere we overtook them, safe wedded, the couple Could laugh at my storming and love's pleasant dream. But, since she's lost to me, no more will I bother ; I'll not drown myself, nor for her will I scream, But I'll do my endeavours to win me another, And may yet he happy in love's pleasant dream. Jas. Whittaker. 601.—ENIGMA. 1. See the water downward leap O'er the rugged rock and steep, Always splashing, swiftly dashing, While the trees their vigils keep O'er wayward me. 2. Many drunkards I attend, As their winding ways they wend, While they stumble, nearly tumble, , Grasping doorposts to befriend Themselves from me. 3. And I very often grace Pair and ¿»looming maiden's face j When she's stalking out a-walking Decked in jewell'ry and lace, She then had me. 4. I'm a terror to the great Men, who live in pompous state : They grow tearful, dull, and fearful, And they tremble at the fate Of a mournful me I 5 I can raise the poor man's hope When with hunger he must cope- Aye despairing—hardly caring If he die or onward grope— He blesses me ! 6. Oh ! what mis'ry, toil, and care In this world of old so fair 1 God-believing, undeceiving, Men and woman now are rare- All caused hy me I 602.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Britons, angry Yankees frantic, Clamouring loudly day and night, Shall we have to cross the Atlantic P Must we pay the claims, or fight ? Let the questions be decided ; ■ Statesmen, don't be over-nice ; Nathan, be by reason guided : We'll pay a fair and honest price. 1. Grand, elevated mounts that upward rise, Until their summits seem to touoh the skies. 2. Boast, if you like, of this proud, haughty dame j But, let me tell you, all from one stock came. 3. A something this we cannot do without ; Take plenty of it, and you'll soon grow stout. 4. My power is very great : I root up trees, And into fury lash the angry seas. 5. A fine old English town this will reveal : Here stands a castle built upon a hill, 6. A foreign coin now find me, if you please î I thiuk it's current 'mong the Portuguese. 7. If you'd succeed in this world, don't be this. Wifch this advice I'll wind up my address. T. HALb. 603.—A PARADOX. To join in one my meaning is, you'll find s Transpose me, and I signify unbind. P. Bropht. The answers to Puzzler in this Number wül appear in No. 145. *** For answers to Pu*izler in No. 133, please see preceding page. QUIbPEN.