THE ľUZZLER.
397.-PICTORIAL REBUS. 398.—CHARADES. 1,—Amono the valleys of a sunny land, My first, inverted, slowly wends its way ; Gay blooming flowers adorn its pebbly strand, And strange birds carol forth their sweetest lay. Alas ! that tyrants should that fair land sway Where all those lovely beauties are revealed ! How her brave sons their ardour did display ! They heard the sound when Freedom's trumpet pealed, And, to complete their country's third, they rushed into the field. They thought my whole had come. Alas! vain dreami A hostile force was to my second borne t The cloud a moment ope'd and show'd â gleam Of hope, and then to darkness did return. By foreign foes their noble forms were shorn. In vain they fought the invader to repel. Weep, Freedom—weep 1 In sable raiment mourn For thy brave sons who in that carnage fell, For naught but Death's destroying arm could their fierce ardour quell. But times are changed, my long'd-for whole has come : Their country's third has been completed now, The dreaded guns of second now are dumb. And first, reversed, in freedom's light doth flow. , A cheerful smile lights up each warrior*« brow ; With manly pride they feel that they are f ree— ι No more to dark oppression will tney bow- No more to dusky tyrants bend the knee, But live from this henceforth as sons ot liberty. Wat. Aitken (Sorn). 2,— Mt first, a term to brokers knows. Equality implies ; My second never stands alone. Yet often meets yonr eyes ; My whole, a year ago so fair. So lively, so elate, Now lies a figure of despair— Ohi miserable fate 1 ' Soon may she cease her sad refrain. And waken np to life again 1 Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 3.—Awat where Italy's golden sky Looks smiling down on the plain below, The first is seen there, beneath, on high— With never a stain it loves to glow, Save where the gleam of the setting sun Changes to gold the azure dome ; And sunbeams kissing the waves, each one Seems as if crested with golden feam. And on that same balmy twilight hour The second echoes o'er land and sea. Over the valley, and hill, and tow*r, Over the vineyard, hamlet, and lea. The scene is changed. On tno rocky shore The lurid waters are lashed to spray, And high above the wild tempest roar, From death, destruction, it warns away. The whole in Scotia's each green vale Raises its fragile and perfumed head, And, on tho whispering,fgentle gale. Its delicate fragrance loves to shed. J. W. Musgrave. 899.—ENIGMA. You'll find me in Ireland, in England, and Wales, '".- In Scotland, too, often I grow ; The pride of the garden and orchard am I, With my blossoms as white as the snow. If it were my intention to boast, I could say, I am lovely, delicious, and sweet. If you doubt, ask the children : they're sure to reply, " Few things are so pleasant to eat." I'm found in your body again and again, In eyes, ears, hands, shoulders, and feet j Without me, some prominent parts of your dress Would certainly look incomplete. In the British dominions, I've told you I dwell. But forgot then to say that you'd find Me residing, if sought for quite often, in France, Your relative, faithful and kind. Should a wedding take placo in the old village church, You may certainly reckon to see Me at hand, for that wedding, I truly declare, Could never take place witnout me. Miss R. Scott. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 83. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 71, please see preceding page. f p v t