The Riddler·
1. ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. Shout, oh, shout, ye lads and lasses, Make a joyful, cheering sound ; For there's no journal that surpasses Primals, which is far renowned. When its name you have unravelled, Glorious tales you'll then behold Of brave boys who far have travelled O'er the sea so free and bold. Cßoss Woeds. A disagreeable sound of words, My first unfolds to all ; This is the largeet of all bird.?, Well-known, to great and small. A famous writer here is seen, Whose works are very rare ; My fourth's a colour, 'tis not green, Nor yellow, I declare. For fifth, dear readers, please set down, An English river's патя ; My sixth reveals an Irish town Of celebrated fame. Two plants is number seven and eight, Disclose them if you can, air ; Bufc if you can't, a week just wait, And then you'll have the answer. Will Clakke. 2. CHARADE. My ňr&t is but a little word, Of letters three consisting ; 'Tis what the man says dubiously When on the point of 'listing. My second's on a maiden fair, Caressed is every morning ; Tban usefulness you will Gonfess, 'Tis far more for adorning. My whole is not so hard to find. With a castle 'tis connected ; All failures, riddler, do not mind. This may not be rejected. Alpha. 3. DECAPITATION AND TRANSPOSITION, My whole is something that grows, Transformed into something that's eaten. Beheaded, you plainly disclose Thafc I— as everyone knows— For forming my whole can't be beaten. Beheaded agaiu, you will find I am what to my whole ever done is, Transposed, I'm a drink of a kind Taken my whole just behind. Very partial to me everyone is ! Alpha. 4. ENIGMAS. Underneath the ground I lie, In a pure and virgin state ; Men for me will death defy, And go headlong to their fate. When I am brought forth to light, People seek me, left and right ; But nofc for my colour bright, Do they covet me. I've caused countless crimes untold, Ever since this world began ; Daily I am bought and sold By that changeful creature man. High and low, the rich and poor On their kneea for me implore ; Those who have me wish for more ; All do covet me. Sometimes I am hoarded up, Sometimes freely thrown away In the depths of pleasure's cup, By the frivolous and gay. When in use I am afraid, Men by me are marred and made, For I ennoble and degrade ; Still they oovefc me. βκοκοΕ Howard (Nemo).
5. There's a little word thafc rules the world, For if you do not own it, Life will be to you but a bore ; You'll do nought but bemoan it. 'Tis an attribute essential To actors on the stage, Aud if they did nofc this possess, They'd not be called "the rage." It is a very little word, Of letters it owns three ; Pray don't attempt to solve this con., If it is not in thee. William Ebenezer Thomson. 0. METAGRAM. Change the firsfc letter of a word mentioned in the verses to form another word. ) What tongue oan tell the joy I feel, As to the town I wend my way ; My heart is full, I oan't conceal My joy, for it ia Comrades day. Each Wednesday morn I hail wifch cheer, For then I know that I shall see The names of those we love appear Amongst our riddling company. There's Mr. Nash and Mr. Land. Their contributions we admire ; Respected by the riddling band, I trust their patience ne'er will tire. There'e Gnignon, Blackburn, Armstrong too, Their efforts loudest praises claim ; And then comes Nemo, staunch and true, Whose cons, do credit to his name. And ihen there's Taylor, of renown, Who treats из every now and then To his fine talent, which we own Reflects great praise on man and pen, There others are whom I can'fc name, Let's give them one and all good cheer ; May each and every one reap fame, Before the elosing of the year. Herbert Read. 7. META-OMEGRAMS. Said Jones to first friend Which words next offend): " The last rose of summer" resembles your nose ; Cried his friend, " It ain't bloomin' alone." Large poultices eover the marks of their blows, And the turf where they quarrelled is ploughed. Vee, Dee, Tee. 8. Rüde first of toil thou covets next, The luxuries of wealth ; Thou'rfc e'er contented with thy lot. Thy cheek owns bloom of health. Thy horny hand, though rough, does ne'er From friendless ones depart ; Thy breast, in tempest, joy, or care, Doth hold an honest heart. The happy scenes of boyhood'* days, The brightest and the best, Are drawn from midst toil's lowly sona. The truest and the blest. 9. NUMERICAL PUZZLE. I am a word of eight letters. My 2, 3, G. 4 is to jump. My 1, 6, 8 is to consume. My 8, 3, 6 is a beverage. My 5, 3, 2, 4 is to aid. My 7, 6. 4 is a noun meaning to sleep. My whole is the name of an animal. J. W. Chapman (.Sunderland). Answers t) Last Wek's Riddles. 1.—A Ring. 2.-A Watch. 3.—The letter T. 4.—A Shadow. 5.—Ear-wig. 6.—The Shoe.