THE PUZZLER.
217.-REBUS. 218.—RIDDLE.
¬ . e y o , s g When you these simple lines have read, Appears a curious riddle ; My head's my tail, my tail's my Tiead, And you are in the middle. S. Lucas. 219.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The ultimates read down will name An English city of great fame ; The initials, likewise down as well, The river on which it stands will tell. I. Unimportant and foolish, 'tis nothing, I say, 2. As proudly from the battle field he threads his way. 3. Love, zeal, and tenderness in this combined j 4. This a well-known garden flower you'll find. 5. Sea holly and plant, 'tis known by few. 6. An English town ; so now—adieu. Edwin Berry. 220.-STAR PUZZLE. 1. " Come, list, ye landsmen, all to me ; To tell ye the truth I'm bound." Go wander awhile by the cotton tree, And there my first is found. Then ramble away to the Indies East, And an empire there you'll find ; Then write them down, without flour or yeast, But tail against head you'll bind. 2. Do this, dear reader, if you can, When age comes on apace, And closest glances could not scan A furrow on your face. Now seek 'mong Swedish vales and hills, But, mind, I'm neither mounds nor rills. 3. If Greek you know, take thence a hue, Which, for my third, will truly do ; Then seek New England's shores of fame, And there you'll find my well-known name. 4. An Irish lough you'll now bring forth, From east, nor west, nor south, nor north. A female Christian name, for last, Please now write down—your trouble's past. Thomas O'Flanagan. 221.—CHARADE. A parting sad The sailor lad Is taking from his lovely lassie. The gun is heard— One other word, A last embrace, and all is over. He bends his oar, And sighs no more, For while he rows hope comes to cheer him. He whispers, sweet, ** When next we meet, You'll be my first, if you are faithful." " Ring out, wild bells j" Your music swells, Like bosom heaving with emotion j From out your throats The clangour floats Out far away, o'er hill and valley ; But not for joy— Oh, sad alloy !— But throbbing, bursting indignation, For she for whom You clang and boom Is false to-day as woman can be. " Ring out, wild bells ;" Your toll now tells Of troubles past, and fond hopes broken. In measured time You ring and chime, And now and then is heard my second. Your toll doth float As from a throat That's hoarse from weary sigh and sobbing. Ring out, wild bells ! Ring out, wild bells ! In maddened anger, at the false one. W, J.S. Pilfold. 222.—ACROSTIC. He whose faith was very small, He who never died at all, He wbo once a ship did build, He who once а pulpit filled, He who knew the word of truth, Through his life up from his youth : By the initials you will find^ That which governs all mankind. Quince. The answers to Puzzler uTthis number will appear in No. 38. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 28, see pre¬ ceding page.