THE RIDDLER.
1. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop, the first letter of a word to form another Word expressed in tho narrative.) (In reply to Robert Wood in Number 33.) Deab Robert Wood, I'm writing this in answer to your question, You ask for my opinion of your con.— At least, so I iufer, and İ may say I've indigestion (And your wise head tho cause must rest upon) With vain endeavours to digest tho compliments you shower Upon your servant, Robort Α., 'neath which I fairly oowor I I'm sorry I'm not able to reply to you quite fully, I've racked my bra*ns in thinking what to say, For I'm afraid I hardly could opinion give quite truly I do not wish to prejudice give way— For if I said you far suri<ass«d or did not reach the standard Of riddlurs in our " Jubileo " folks then might say I slandered. So I hope your kind forgiveness will not long be in forthcoming, I must leave you now, Dear Robert, " tra-la-la," For I hope you understand, me that it ecarcely is besoming For me to say how good your riddles are. So I think the best reply that I can make to you, my comrade, Is to do what I am striving all along— And that is, friend, tndeavour to excel Id every riddle The one before—and then you'll ne'er be wrong. R. W. andhews (Hampstead). NARRA TIVE-DUAGR AM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) V. D. Taylor, I'm happy to see, That you've returned To " The Boys" Jubile·." V. D. Taybr, Your cons, are the best. This you most knw Is not said in jest. V. D. Taylor, I cannot say more ; But we're all glad To see you, I'm sure. T. E. BARLbY (Manohester). DELETION. Cover on the downs and moor, Hold soeür j the trembling bird. But alas ! the first is heard And poor birdie is no more. Ciuck I crack I still the primal goes, Slaughters next on ev'ry hand, Pheasants (plumage bright aud grand) Drep t· earth in painful throes. R. L. Jefferson. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two letters from a word, leaving another werd expressed in tho narrative.) Many riddlers' names I see, Sung of in the " Jubilee," Whose verses I ne'er have seen Since a riddler I have been. Why does Alpha never sing ? Or Omega verses bring ? Have they for aye goue away ? Will they e'er their skill display? W. Jackson used to write, But his namo his gono from sight. 8. Kiohards, his oompanion, Never now sends us a con. Then there is John Kennedy. Cons, by him we never see. hiddles now Marsh nover sends. He must really nuke amends. These riddlers I do not know, I want them their «kill to show. Want them to some more cons, write, Join ajjaiu our riddling fight. Droffo.
ft, DELETION. Ir я fabri« transp -ее and delet·, A river of Egypt will then be «omplete. W. Jackson aid B. Richabjds (Would-be Politician·). β. TRANSPOSITION. If an animal you behead and transpose, A flower it will then disclose. W. Jackson and 8. Richards (Would-be Politicians). 7. MONOTONE. A tumult and a dreadful noise, The first will show to all ; 'Tie but the wrangling ef some boye, About a penny ball. A splendid park in London town, Possession holds of last, A thoroughfare that's held renown For generations past. R. L. Jefferson. t. DECAPITATIONS. 1.— If a tormenting insect you behead, A river of England you'll have instead. 2.—If a part of the body you decapitate and transpos·, A personal pronoun you will then diselose. 8.—If a transparent substance you decapitate twioè, A beast of burden you'll hare ima trice. E. B. Dabnutt. 9. CONUNDRUM. Now, riddlers, for a minute or twe, Be kindly patient and calm, While I ask you " Why a fowl is Like the owner of a farm ľ' YeuNO BtntSSL 10. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word to form another werd.) A colour, that you all know well, If you will please behe*d ; A burst of light if I am right, You'll surely find instead. E. N. Harris. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. John Nash, thus : J»kes, Oranges, Harlequin, Nest, Nitric, Africans, Sailor, Hull. 2 More, Yore. 8. Time. __________________________