THE RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRAETIVE CURTAILMENT.
the final letter of a sord, leaving another word, erpeessed Sin the narrative. ing Frost and King Christmas are with us again, Sing hey ! sing he I for Christmas I let us all sing in our merriest vein, Sing hey! sing ho I for Christmas I ghey! sing ho I one can if one tries, grandpa and Rosie, with pretty blue eyes, he! for the jellies, the pnddings and pies, And sing hey ! sing ho I for Christmas ! shops are all decked in their prettiest style, Sing hey I sing ho ! for Christmas I ladies go " shopping," the cash to beguile, Sing hey I sing ho ! for Christmas I ladies will " shop," though their wants are abstruse, the things that they buy are sometimes of no use; thurrah I for the turkey, the duck, and the goose, And sing hey I sing ho I for Christmas I juvenile parties are coming along, Sing hey! sing ho! for Christmas ! 1te Tommy is learning a humorous song, Sing hey I sing ho! for Christmas ! bought it last June for his mamma to scan, knows it not yet, but will sing what he can; rah I for the "bit" that he'll sing "like a man," And sing hey I sing ho I for Christmas ! ter Timothy Tuppins is learning a piece, Sing hey I sing ho ! for Christmas I! recite at the parties, the fun to increase, Sing hey i sing ho I for Christmas I an excellent piece, and a good poem, but acan't hear a word, though he knows how to strut; thurrah ! for the apple, the orange, and nut, And sing hey ! sing ho ! for Christmas 1 Sballs and the parties are coming on, too, Sing hey' sing ho! for Christmas ! they are delightful-I like 'em-don't you ? Sing hey I sing ho ! for Christmas ! joy a nice polka whene'er I've the chance, use it's a "romping and rollicking " dance; rah I for the cousins, and uncles, and aunts, And sing hey ! sing ho ! for Christmas I! parlour's a kind of a forest to-day, Sing hey ! sing ho! for Christmas I! e holly and mistletoe hang in array, Sing hey I sing ho ! for Christmas! rried it home through the streets, it is true, hands were so cold they went purple and blue; t hurrah ! for the ladies, and mistletoe too, And sing hey ! sing ho I for Christmas ! ve knights and fair ladies, I'm singing too long, Sing hey I sing ho I for Christmas I saword or two more I would sing in my song, Sing hey! sing h I! for Christmas! y St. Nicholas visit us, bringing good cheer, ight merry Christmas to all of us here; g ho! for a bright and a happy New Year, And sing hey I sing ho I for Christmas I! J. W. SEWrELt. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. p the two last letters of a word, leaving another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) .-Another year has passed away With all its grief and all its gladness; And, though but transient seems its stay, Yet intermingled with the gay Are many thoughts o'erspread with sadness. Old Father Time fast speeds along, He waits for no one on his journey; Fall many, once within the throng, Have sung to us their farewell song, Then sadly vanished from the "Tourney." Time's rapid flight brings thoughts like these- A melancholy retrospection; A tinge of gloom the mind will seize, A gloom that seems our hearts to please, Imbuing them with sad affection. But though we mourn o'er those who've gone, And think of olden times with sorrow, We must remember knights who don Their armour now, and send a con.; From this some joy we surely borrow. The "Tourney's" glory has not fled, It has not lost its pristine brightness; With clever verses still it's fed, By merry writers it is led, Who rhyme and sing in happy lightness. And in the year that's coming now, Proparity and lack attend it! Let ev'ry riddler make a vow, As to our queen he makes his bow, That Le will steadfastly defend it. H. J. W. OFFODn, Islington, CENTRAL DELETION. (Drops etter from the centre of a word to form another.) relhave had a Christmas present, I am happy to relate, tis quite the most substantial one which I have had pstan brought it: as I sat before my window wide, aide. through and fell upon the first close by my refuly xaind all the silver wrapping o'er, eaill cnstrued the hieroglyphics which it bore, lore.d (as you'ro, no doubt, aware) in all suoh learned Patrick S., knight of the ' T.' "-thus the transla. llth e season'scompliments, from his true friend, o dwells alone within the moon; but wishes now to soay t you've often written of us in a most becoming way. ther -(the editorial "we," you see, is used up assiduou clae oured on us day and night with most we ligtto mortals how we dig, and by what means bywhitt lamp which they behold in different shapes pe you'll like your present, and continue to ex- ito study deeply all the things which to ourselves pertain " s w to ourselVes I if yl come to see use we'l e glad when yon appear here a oenr atee d gthe slihtest buisesss t, having read the messoge, I the silver wrapping Slai the is w o n . . YeRk my wond'riugeyes before. I5oti fiolue, Ieun , now, and yet you may beliese, .-on't, thoun I, my friends, no time to :!iel y noes with Christmas smiles all wreathed "cci of nice new '5monbaas, tied togsther seith a lace. PATRSrCK S., Belfast,
DUAGRAMS. (OhaRile the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 4.-In the calms, and the storms, and the frosts of our snowy December, What warmth shines abroad from the hearts that in love are ablaze I What pleasures of past Christmas Days we can cheerily remember As we feel the strong thrill that the echo of memory conveys! So, joining once more in the union of peace and good feeling, When the spirit's emotions rush on in a magical flow, Let each voice and each hand be the compact of fellow. ship sealing, And love be the root whence the fruits of our being shall grow. Shall we drink? We shall drink to the day when the aged year is crowning His hoary old head with the laurel, and holly, and bay; His sorrows in draughts of delight he is eagerly drowning, And health's ruddy flush is replacing the worn and the grey. Like a giant refreshed with the spirit of rejuvenescence, Exulting he tarries upon his wide sepulchre's brink ; But yet we are glad in the light of his dignified presence, And so to the year that has come and is going we drink. Shall we cheer? We shall cheer for the joy of our Christmas rejoicing, For the spirits set free from the bonds that the world draws around; And echoes from nation, and kindred, and people are voicing The choruses raised where the feast of December is crowned; And so, with the first of the world to one contact vibrating, While closer-drawn cords of good-feeling environ our sphere, For the sake of those near, who the heart's warm response are creating, And for those far away in the sea-circled distance, we cheer. Shall we sing ? We shall sing for the ones whom we love and who love us. For the pleasures of home and of hope for the time that has dawned; What influence found in mankind or on earth could so move us That we should forget those allied by relationship's bond ? To the friends that have gathered and those who are gathering nigh us, While hand lies in hand and the founts of glad memory spring, With themes, and with song, and with spirit their faces supply us, And so in exuberant flowing of life shall we sing. Thus in the bright season that gilds the dark frame of December Shall Christmas festivities quicken the languorous blood, The fire of new life next afresh from each blackening ember, And a volume of song flee away in tumultuous flood. The board shall be spread, and the circle be laughing and merry, With feast of true reason the soul's hidden waters shall flow, 'Neath clinging festoons of the laurel and crimson-red berry, O'erhung with the glamour that hangs round the boughed mistletoe. IVANHOE, Belfast. 5.--A merry group, A:`et know not care, Sit round the fire, all life and fun ; Do they not see her standing there- That broken-hearted. silent one ? Within the window's dim recess She stands, apart from happiness. Poor, pretty last, with bitter tears She hears us laugh this Christmas Eve; " What shadow from the bygone years Has caused you, Florrie, dear, to grieve P' She answers me, with bitterness, " Oh, Maude, they've not sent home my dress !" MAUDE DOUGLAS. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 6.-Dear to me are the Christmas times, And the pantomimes so funny; But, pray, what on earth is a fellow to do When a fellow is short of money ? There's a present for Sue, and one for Till, For mother that new canary; There's a top for Dick, and a whip for Bill, And a pair of gloves for Mary. And then there's Jones's dance, you know, For all young limbs elastic; I've quite made up my mind to go And dance the light fantastic. And what with this, and what with that, And the way in which I go it, My purse, which never was too fat, Is thin before I know it. And I promised Bell, who broke last spring Her dolly when chanced to fall it, To buy her a sort of a kind of thing- A funny-what do ye call it And so I don't know what to do, 'Less some good friends, to mend it, Will hand me over a pound or two, Or have the grace to lend it. But no, they won't, beg how I may, Unless the saints decree it; For though I'd pay them back, they say They'd never live to see it. And when I answered, as to that I didn't see it mattered. You would have thought they'd all gone mad To see the way they chattered. I told them that some day I'd try To pay them back, and heed it; And if before then they should die, Ah, well-they wouldn't need it, But some looked black, and some looked red. And blinked their eyes like weasels, As if they'd not recovered like From having of the measles. Now, this was very, very sad, And though I looked disdainful, It only made me feel more bad, And altogether painful; I thought to rob somne bank, and out To deserts wild and sandy; And so. perhaps, I migh thave, but The station was so handy. Since then I've thought of this and that, I've thought that thought's ai bore; And now brought low by thinking so, I think I'll thought no more, But leave it all, dear friend, to you, And hope I'll never rue it, To tell me what on earth to do, And how on earth to do it. H . TAYLOn, Birkenhead.
NARRATIVE META.OMEGBAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a ward to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 7.-Before the firelight's cheerful blaze This Christmas morn I sit and muse, With mingled feelings, as I gaze On Christmks cards, and notes peruse. A goodly batch, from valued friends, Is on the table by mny side; Each one a pleasant greeting sends This Christmastide. The first's a wee and dainty card From one who loves me, tried and leal; Though fate has been unkind and hard, She still to me is true as steel. And I am hers till death shall part, Come joy or grief we'll aye abide; God bless thee, faithful, trusting heart, This Christmastide I The next's a sheet with humour filled, Of novelties the latest style, In which good things are freely willed-- Its playful jesting makes me smile. It comes from Jack-unselfish lad, His own deep grief he tries to hide; May Fortune's favours make him glad This Christmastide. A cheque for happiness from Ted- He, too, has times of sorrow seen; A box of pills from cousin Fred- He knows how oft I've bilious been. And here's a letter, crisp and thin, From friends across the ocean wide, Away from all their kith and kin, This Christmastide. Another letter here I see From one who was my boyhood's chum; A restless, teasing imp was he, A choir-boy I, demure and glum. His roguish tricks I'd oft resent, Sometimes to punch his head I tried; Forgiving all, a note he's sent This Christmastide. An uncle thoughtfully invites Me just to spend a day or so; And several merry " Tourney" knights The season's compliments bestow. With grateful thoughts I ponder o'er The kindly greetings friends provide; May Heaven on all rich blessings pour This Christmastide I Jo-KING, Lambeth. 8.-A thousand light and airy themes Engage my wand'ring fancy, From sordid after.dinner dreams To Eastern necromancy. I feel disposed to "shy" and "shirk," Although no chronic laggard; I wonder was it overwork That made H. Rider Haggard ? Do not some s-crib-blers crib for pelf P Oh, be they brought to book I The query then suggests itself- What was it that Horne Tooke ? There is no honour in the aims That doubtful honours earn; I feel inclined to oust such names- I feel like Laurence-Sterne i But as such pensters hide their deed Mostly in deep disguise, Perchance for those who merely read 'Twere folly to be wise. I think of advertising catches, Their handsome profits yielding; I think of county cricket matches, I think of Henry-Fielding. And thus my idle fancies shift; Forgive this vagrant pnning-- But kindly tell me, was Dean Swift Through running P VAGABONDA. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-Here's health to King Christmas with silver hair crowned, The king far and wide for his goodness renowned; And here's health to his subjects whcre'er fir appear, And a right merry Christmas and happy New Year. Here's health to the Ed. of the grand Y. F. P., And those who next MS. may happen to see When in Fleet-street it ancbors, the Red Lion near, And a right merry Christmas and happy New Year. Here's health to the ladies, Dame Eve's fairest daughters (Come, lads, 'tis the sweetest and clearest of waters); The effect on your nerves no occasion to fear, With a right merry Christmas and happy New Year. Here's health to the knights of the famous "R.T.," Last e'er wield their pens with such dexterity; Health, peace, and prosperity, with plenty to cheer, And a right merry Christmas and happy New Year. Here's health to the reader of this simple rhyme- 'Tie nothing much stronger than coffee this time; 'Tis light, I assure you, and sparkling, and clear, With a right merry Christmas and happy New Year. F. PHILLIPS, Maidstone. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 10.-A year, just a year, 'twas the season of Yule, When Boreas assumed a despotical rule, And shrieked in his p'irposeless ire. How diff'rent within, where the logs' ruddy glare, The holly-decked walls, and the mistletoe rare, Completed a scene to inspire; With happiness reigning a reign but too brief, And time's fleeting pace which disputed belief. 'Twas Dorothy pretty, and Dorothy gay, Who made so enchanting that Christmastide stay. The season, despite sad reflection, soon passed; Winter sterile vacated its dais at last, And nature awoke from its dream, Assuming new beauties as springtide advanced, The multiplied beauties that summer enhanced, The purport of many a theme. Then autumn revealed all these charms on the wane, A truthful precursor of winter again.' Oh, Dorothy pretty, and Dorothy gay, 'Twas dreaming of thee made the time speed away. Alas I yielding autumn relinquished its hold, And nature succumbed to a foe who so bold Has taken a potentate's sway, And shown us its favour--inclement east wind- A pitiless tyrant with pow'r well defined, A pow'r it too oft will display; But winter, thou despot, we e'en must relent, For the season thou bringest with kindly intent. Oh, Dorothy pretty, and Dorothy gay, I'm waiting the advent of glad Christmas Day. J. STocxs, Lambeth. DECAPITATION. (DroP the frst letter of a word, leaving another woRt) 11.-" Bother telephones and telegrams I" Cried Johnny, in despair, As next saw his new halfpenny kite A pris'ner in irst air. ONoxAn bE, Twoxer.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two letters of a word, leaving another word, . expressed in tele narrative.) 12.-Ye knights and ladies, every one Who now beholds my advent here, Long have I wished to write upon The pleasures of the " Tourney" sphere. And so, with face all wreathed in smiles, Provoked by kind propitiation, I'll study all the varied styles Affected by the riddling nation, Until, whate'er my private power, I wield a pleasing pen, That I may share an active hour Every now and then. Since first the page received its name, And poesy began to flow, I've seen each harmless quip or game, And many strangers come and go. Amidst your dreams of regal boast, Your splendours all with glory covered, About the things you covet most, With changing smile or frown I've hovered. To me your sweet desires are told The moment they're conceived; You seek the paths-I say " Behold I" Or will that you be grieved. Oh," Tourney" queen, your graceful mien Shall ever change my frowns to smiles; And those who vent ungallant spleen Shall see their shameful wrong 'tween whiles. Fear not that from your fitting brow Some graceless hand shall snatch the crown; The rebels are defeated now Through my irrevocable frown. But yet it is my mild decree That those who dared to rise Some kindly sympathy shall see In every riddler's eyes. DAME FORTUNE, NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 13.-Oot ower the hill there lives a lass, An' sair my lug I'm scartin'; For fegs I she is a sonsy queen, An' dearly lo'es the tartan. Wi' sprigs o' heather brawly trimmed, Her tartan Tam-o'.Shanter Sits on a held that miobht hae turned The heart o' Rab the Ranter. HaCf hid ashin' a tartan veil, Twa roguish een keep glancin'; An' sune my held is bizzin' roun' Wi' heavenly romanein'. A tartan parasol keeps ass The sun, sae quick to glower, An' syne a tartan umberell Hauds ass the peltin' shower. Twa bonnie hands in tartan gloves Aft in my ain I've graspit, An' roun' my neck I fain wad hoe Thae tartan handles claspit. Frao oot below a tartan frock Twa tartan shoon keep peepin', While doon my back cauld water rins, An' worms are through me creepin', Ye gods wha in the Hielans dwell, An' ken the power o' tartan, Oh, melt her heart, and ease the pangs That through my ain are dartin'. PaiLo, Glasgow, ... TRIPTICH. Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the fires and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 14.-Were I a lass, Oh, primal my existence then! I'd homage claim from every class Of individuals called men Who seek distinction with a pen. I'd soon their worship gain by wiles, Awarding them my sweetest smiles; I'd imitate their manly styles To grand perfection. I would not masquerades essay- Their fickle fame lasts scarce a day ; To institute such simple play Involves detection- Were I a lass ! First Word. An accident will oft occur While travelling the path of life, Although no cause can you infer; Yet oft in rage You will engage In quite unnecessary strife. Second Word. A mighty serpent here discern, Abounding in an Eastern clime; If you for its acquaintance yearn, Then promptly travel To unravel The subject of my final rhyme. E. W. GEoRGE, Lambeth. ENIGMA. 15.-I do not come to take the cake, I don't pretend to be a poet; I've just dropped ii for old time's sake, My muse I seldom con. or pro. it. The moon or stars I never rake, The sky ne'er plough, nor even hoe it; Nor from the breast of placid lake Dive down to Hades, miles below it. But in your bosom I awake The dormant seed with which I sow it, And make each leaflet pleasure take In every gleam that helps to grow it. Each Christmas my sojourn I make Amongst you all of quick and slow wit; My presence does not make you quake- I'm welcome, and you always show it. And though your heart with sorrows ache, With summer's breath I'll fan and glow it, And melt away like snowy flake The gloomy thoughts which now o'erflow it. SAIALA, Dublin. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-If a nut could speak, what would it sayP 2.-Why could not postage stamps be used in the reign of Henry VIII. P 3.-When a hen is sitting acrois a five-barred gate, why is she like a penny P Miss MADGE. 4.-Why are tramoars unlike earthenware P 5.-Why are ships like two sets of chessmen P 6.-What chemical salt is like a foolish girl P 7.-When is a rifle like a news-receiver P 8.-What bird's name expresses what a lady wishes a bird for ? 9.-Why may blacksmiths be considered dishonest ? 10.-What is the difference between a high-spirited horse and a piece of lead ? AINswERS.--1. I want none of your jaw. 2. Because a queen's head was not worth a penny. 3. Because she has a head on one side, and a tail on the other. 4. Their brakes leave no pieces. 5. They have fore.castles. 6. Silicate. 7. When it has a fresh bulletin. 8. Tou.pettit. 9. They are given to forging, 10. One is mettlesome, and the other is some metal.