MIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE REVERSIONS.
I word Is reversed, andbersar different meaning in the one here, Philander; let me take your hand, And tell you you possess my warmest thanks tributes that await you from the band al warm admiration in our ranks. Ievm urod to.day to call you "friend," rodo your truth and faithfulness to me; earnest greetings with the " Tourney's" blend-- , eed for friendship's firm fll.Aity. do I thank you P .Not because I still Enjoy the title, rank, and state of "queen." though the thought my very heart doth thrill With love and pride, and pleasure bright and keen; ryet because glory in the might If noble knights, who guard mny simple name a aught that mars its honour in their sight, r tends to sully what they deem my fame. not because poor Hercules is dumb With deep astonishment at what you say ial before you thus in gladness come. Ad strive my earnest friendship to display; oryet because I cherish secret fears Lest he recover and you change your mind; neer can weep humiliation's tears While well-loved comrades are not far behind. this impels the words I utter now- The love of faithful friends is far too rare r me in anger to contract my brow, And bitter, scathing words with scorn declare. Senemies press round me by the score, And threaten me with downfall, grief, and shame, know fall well my friends would number more Than those who strive to win a rebel's fame. hse little battles only, then, reveal The hearts that cherish love and peace for me; dase each echo through my own doth steal, Istrive 'o earn affection pure and free. lif Ican but judge from what they say When sending me their messages so clear, ad their truest feelings they portray Iklore and friendship, lasting and sincere. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. 2,-Once I loved thee more than all, Darling Molly. But the honey changed to gall, Dearest Molly; And, to save a purblind thrall From a sudden, fatal fall, Came a friendly warning call, Fickle Molly. Love that's slighted quickly dies, Cruel Molly, Bruised and broken, prostrate lies, Heartless Molly; And it need not cause surprise That disdain its place supplies, Heedless of thy witching eyes, Tempting Molly. Tell me not that thou art fain, Feigning Molly, That love dead should live again, Artful Molly; There is evil in such pain, Which for ever must remain, Making all regrets in vain, Faithless Molly. PaILo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. tsthse fist and lat letters of a word tp form another word, expressed in the narrativeiJ he astumn had come, and the winds were a-sighing, The trees were all leafless and bare; len were all sporting, and women were buying Bonnets and dresses to wear. Old Blollns erratic was thinking and thinking That this was the season for sport; "Itis," he decided, and then fell to drinking From out of a bottle of port. In le minutes after the man was out walking With gun on his shoulder, quite gay; And, like an old man, was to himself talking, And thus he went on, on his way. 'Teas close on to noon-he stood by a paling- He'd covered a good deal of ground. OldBlofins, you know, was joyfully inhaling The scent of wild flowers all around. Tohis right was a field where potatoes were growing, rHo eagerly looked for a shot; e noticed a crow-he heard it a-crowing- He mattered, " To be, now, or not P" Tro seconds after his gun was a-going, He'd shot it-it fell to the earth; Ie went for that bird with his face all a-glowing, He showed now a lot of good mirth. Twas only a crow, but it set him a-humming 'l fact put him into a oraze); nit nstuntly after it set him a.bumming- Sorn.out old hoot met his gaze i W. L. MILLER, Glasgow. 4-The harp of old is silent, I touch the strings in vain; But to my listless fingers It gives forth no refrain. Come to my aid, ye visions Of dear departed days, For ye alone can help me To win more honoured bays ! Too long hadst thou been straying In "fields and pastures new;" The harp, in rust decaying, E'er mourned its knight untrue. But now the echoes olden Repen,t the well-known song, Ant times seem joyous, golden, While stronger grow the strong. E. BLAIB AND F. JOHNsON. ACROSTIC. w'r ords, formed of the initial letters of other words.) 'ln h . Foerdation Word. The had gone down in a blaze of red glory, moon was now shining across the low hill; b .. ring birds had gone to their nests, a ure was solemn, and calm, and still. rend dpondered o'er Nature's great beauties, a zed at the moon as it shed down its light; dde ay's worlk, Ihad done my day's duties, ... -Ws as calm and as solemn as night. Cross oVords. Oh yes, indeed, I know 'tis true was ever first by you 1" Ssort of triangle is this, hat gave me trouble once, I wis, aen I used to go to school, he're I ever was a fool. What's in a third P Well, I don't know, And so I'll give it up and go. A Christia name for last you'll view. an ow n 1 sy good.bye to you. IRON MASK.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the lurt letter c a word, leaving another word, expressed In the narrative.) (Dedicated to all.) 6.-To introduce one's self I find is nowadays the fashion, As dudes do when they walk the street in hopes to get a " mash" on; Theophilus my Christian name, my other--well, 'tie Potts, sir; And as for brothers, sisters, too, of them, alas l I've lot's, sir. I have been told that I was born when quite a little boy, sir, And ever since that happy day have been my mother's joy (P), sir; 'Tie strange, though true, the mater not expecting the event, sir, Was rusticating for her health upon the Continent, sir; They telegraphed at once for her, which put her in a "flurry," And she arrived too late, I've heard, through coming in a hurry. I grew like other children, and then commenced to toddle, And of Sir Frederick Leighton, Bart., I soon became the model. I'd not been born a minute ore I draw my breath with ease, sir, And now it's an acknowledged fact I can draw what you please, sir, As I have studied well my art, anm learnt by easy stages, Till I can draw 'most anything, from handcarts up to wages !... The time passed on; each week I found that I was growing older- My mother would not have known this unless some one had told her- For I had reached the age of ten long ere being sent to school, sir, Where I, according to accounts, was stupid as a mule, sir. From school I went into the world first at an under- taker's, Bitt as I (k)needed bread to live was 'prenticed next to bakers; I soon found out 'twas not my forte to make bread but to eat it, And so I left the bakehouse roof-'tis shalneful to repeat it I I told my mother what I'd done; my head she dropped a dish on, No sooner had I stated facts, and made the sad ad- mission. I thought this just above a joke, and so that very day, air. ["packed my traps and took my hook," and stowed my- self away, sir; Oh, lor for forty days and nights I was extremely ill, sir, All for the want of one small thing-an antibilious pill, sir. The captain kicked my trousers' seat and said I was a " lubber," And then, in common parlance, I at once commenced to blubber. The voyage was long-my life was not what's termed a "bed of roses," For life upon the "ocean wave" is not all some supposes. O shun the sea I say to those who see-m to have a notion That everything's Elysian upon the " briny ocean." ... At length we reached the harbour safe-New York our destination- And I was free, the captain said, to seek a situation. I thanked him for his kindness (?), and he swore a great, big swore, sir, That if he saw me not again he'd never see me more, sir; Then with a kick he land-ed me upon the cold, hard ground, sir, Though what on earth he did it for I never yet have found, sir. I picked all my belongings up, and afterwards myself, sir. And'left the captain grinning like an antiquated elf, sir. I made my way into the town, where, meeting with disaster, I had to spend what cash I had in strips of sticking- plaster; For as I wandered down the street a lamp-post came before me- I won't repeat what I then said as, like the lamp,'twould lower me. Ah, no! methinks 'tis better far to draw the veil of myst'ry O'er what took place those next few years of my eventful hist'ry So I will leave the past alone and come now to the present, Presenting as a present, sir, good wishes which are pleasant. A friend it was who introduced me to this famous Young Folis Paper, And 'tie a fact I out its leaves, and also, sir, a " caper;" I was delighted from the first, and as my hair is long, sir, 1 felt I was a poet, so I came to join this throng, sir; And so I take the liberty of making my dibut, sir, And p'rhaps ere long you'll send to me a welcome staunch and true, sir. Meanwhile I think I've said enough-Queen Nell, accept best wishes From he who is related to the noble house of Dishes; For be you either girl or youth, you're everything that's clever, And capable of ruling us in kindness now and ever ! THEOPHIaUS POTrI B. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Cuchullin, we give you a coed mills failthe- A thousand times welcome to our mimic fight; We one and all offer the hand of true friendship, And hope you will prove a faithful young knight. The knights from old Erin I confess are not many, Her bards and her minstrels, alas I are but few; And now that you've entered the lists of the" Tourney," A hearty good welcome we offer to you. You've come tp take up the cause of old Ireland, To sing in the praise of the island of green; Yet still, though you're Irish, pray, always remember To be loyal and true to sweet Nellie, our queen. So once more, in the name of the knights of the " Tourney," A welcome we offer to you, Shamrock Knight; May you always be fearless, and ready and willing To lift up your lance in the cause of the right. J. BinELL, Belfast. ENIGMA. 8.-Every morning, every day, Whether it be hot or cold, I am used by every one, Timid girl, or giant bold; Statesman, poet, ploughman, clerk, Every one in every trade; Tailors use me for their work, And my use is well repaid. G. C. B. MONOPHONE. (Words ol dilflerent meanin. but the same in somrd.l 9.-" Where are the flirst?" the captain cried, In accents aught but meek; "Bedad," the sailor then replied, "They've gone to neot for a week I" IRoeN M~ss. DECAPITATION. (Drop thn .,rat letter of a word.leaving another wvor.) 10.-On the dinner table first you'll see ; To second it you will agree. Nosta 1MW TwPorxr, ,Cox.,
NARRAtIVt D1.OME:D4# ; .. (0hange the aret tWo s'd hlat letters n a worýt fo*id M&sr Wod. expreded h tho tbo~a tlV( ) I1.-In a part of a city remonoe, The title of which I' t igUtqnote Dwelt a man who iii deepest seclusion, Away from his kind and intrusion, Had lived hll his life, and invention Laid claim to his greatest attention. Although it had never caused fame To wait and exalt great his name. At length, in despair and disgust At the world and its grievous mistrfltb, He abandoned his books and his sohemeA, Which earned him but fame in his dreaole, For a space-very brief-tor he yearned For his studious hours, and returned; And he chose for a subjedt engrossivb To invent a most direful explosive. The days he mdost earnestly Spe t On his chosen and vengefld intent But try as he would, no success Awaited to make his task less. One night, when the elements reigned, And their mightiest rule had ordained, The scholar at work in his room Was sudden enveloped in gloom, For his light was extinguished, and theri At his elbow, near touching his thair, Stood a figure-could sctroe be called man- Which, though dark, he could readily scan. Had it dome through the door, The ceiling, or floor, Wts very uncer'.ain, nor did he explore. The visitor did not delay, But, during a rather short stay, He told him of what to compose The explosive so dire which he chose5 The ingredients all he recounted, And then into space promptly mounted But through haste and too palpable caution, lie omitted to state the proportion. Though without was the wind loudly shriekihg, A vengeance long pent blindly wreaking, The student still worked And sleep sternly shirked, The ingredient quantities seeking. He laboured with ardour unbounded, For deemed he his hopes were well founded, And loud would his praises be sounded. As morn was approaching once more, A sudden and terrible roar Shook houses and startled folks all, Regardless of rank, great or smallk While neighbours displeasure whrte venting, And damages great were lamenting, 'Twas found the explosion terrific (Comments on the same were prolific) Had ocurred where the student had dwelt; Anud though little sorrow was felt, The fragments they mutely collected, With faces both sad and dejected. And fame, fickle fame, when too late, On the much-shattered man did await 6 For records extant will inform us The newspaper reports eere ens motimos ACHILLES It. NARRA'IVE OMEGRAIM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 12.-" Most learned seer, I bring to thee Full many a bag of yellow gold; I know thou canst the future sees And all its mystic cares unfold. I seek thy mighty aid toenight, Accept the gift and use thine art; Thy potent magic work aright, And soothe the yearning of my heart." " And wouldst thou dare," the wizard cried, "Rash youth, to test my awful power P My spirits on the whirlwind ride- I cause those threat'ning clouds to lowers Beware I each spirit of the blast Awaits the signal of my hand, His forces on the earth to east. But speak and tell me thy demand. " The youth stood frm-" Most potent seer, I come to thee with heart of steel; No doom I dread, no curse I fear, So let thy charms my wish reveal. Call up thy powers, to them alone The secrets of my heart I'll speak." " Then list," the wizard cried, "and own I have that power which you seek." Wizard chants : "By the shade of the mighty Apollo, By the rattle of everything hollow, By the beard of Mahomet, By the tail of a comet, By the cross-hilted carver of Rollo, Ye demons of earth, air, and fire, Ye demons of impulses dire, Arise to my calling With powers enthralling, And hear what this youth shall inquire." He spoke, and turned him to the youth And cried, " The demons stand around Invisible; with voice of truth To answer every word they're bound. Then speak, thy inmost heart reveal, With accent soft they'll answer thee; But let not fear thy wish conceal, And thou my magic soon shalt see." The youth looked stern, and sad, and pale, And clasped his hand upon his sword, And trembled in his shirt of mail, Yet spoke-out rang each burning word; "Spirits, attend I my wishes know, Nor think my action weak or rash; Oh, teach me but the way to grow A curly, silky, long moustache 1" (Tableau.) HERCULES. META-CURTAIL 1ENT. (The first letter of a word is changed, and the last is dropped, to form another word.l (To Hresward the Wake.) 13.-Hereward, last of the Saxons, Where art thou roaming ? We have missed thy lay from the "Tourney" gay : Where art thou roaming? Hast thou sought the green depths of dim forest dells, Where thou hearest the wood.nymphs' witching sells, Sung to the music of silvery bells ? Hereward, where art thou roaming ? Hereward, our gallant champion, Where art thou roaming For thy stirring songs our "Tourney" longs, Where art thou roaming? Hast thou forsaken the knightly fray At the syren voice of the sea and its spray, Whose salt caress whispers of nrst far away P Hereward, where art thou roaming ? Hereward. gay-hearted singer, Roam thou no longer, But return to thy stand in our "Tourney's" least-- Roam thou no longer. Lift thy loyal lance in Queen Nellie's name, Defend against traitors her well.earned fame, And win the thasuks of each knight and dame. Hereward, roam thou no longer. Mxsraa GarY.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DEGAPITATION. (Drop the first two lettera of a word, lentvln another word., lexpressed In tle narraltve.) 14,-i stand where the silent pebbles lie, Near the beautiful sea so still, And I 4vatch the wavelets live and did1 As across my soul with a thrill Strange mystical thoughts upwellM Swnet thoughts of love and peace Buoh thoughts of soul-calm tell- They tell of a sorrow's snrceasd; While I gaze on the rhythbical seat That thing of beadty And systery; The doa e6rene, As it ebbs and ilo*A, . My soul with bAlm and languor fills; It impa±ts to me its sweet repose, And my passionless mind it thrills; Then a thought of duty dwells, And a grand eternal calm O'ercomes the surges and swells, And fills my soul with balm; For the thought-giving, soul-stirring seA Possesses strange spells of xhyteryl Once mote I statid and i watch the sira, The sea imbued with restless will; Again it breathes forth its mood to me, Its reckless mood that brooks no chill; And, truly, my bold eye tells, In its wild and boisterous glee, Of the soul that within rebels With a strange, fierce mutiny, That rebels like the fight-loving seas That thing of motion and mysterit The waves plash dn in their dtful glddi They vfail aloud and at6 never still, they make me long to be, sea-like, freed And a vague Unrest they instil. But thoughts like fatal knellis Battle with this fantasy i This question for evet dwells- Why struggle with destiny ? ht, fideed, the sea is to me A thing of beauty and mystery. W. M. HOLMEs, Easingwold. SQUARE WORDS. 15.-My first, to suit an earnest calls Displays a novel to you all My second raises oft its *ing4 But sctdfely flies from other things. qty third is what must come to pass, For true it is that flesh is grass. T. JonDAN ANn C. F. BLAcanuaN. 16.-A black fossil for first will be, Upon the beach it you will find; For neia a female sheep you'll see; ,For last a number bring to mind. F. C. Foots, Peterborhghb. VICTORIA 0ROSSt (Ce foiei d, r nl pfranlldes nd onel aqdiii.i (ith rsaologics to F. W. Cairtr.) * -5 * s * * ** a * * * " s* * **** S* , * * * * as * * * 4 * " e. * *5' * * * * * *4 s s * s ** b 4 * 4 " S S* s s - * b b * b e b 6a a S * * * * * * essay or discourse. Top Pyramid. A word which is irregular and anomalous. In geome. try, the substance or longest side of a right-angled tri. angle. A noted battle. A speoies of pigeon trained to convey letters from one Dlace to another. Without ele" vations or depressions. A short poem or song. A vodel. (The central letters, read down, gito a Certin class of riddle.) Right Plank (to read dorennoao'd). Adapted to excite wonder or admi ation. Not redited. A debauchee. An account of facti , particularly rea spectiug nations or States. To eet off superfluous branches. A number. A letter. (Thle oeotral letters, read across, give the name of a goddess known in my. thology.) Left Plank (to rea-s dowo~eard). A letter. A girl's name. To be proud or exalted, Associated with a lady's head.gear. Horrible. An ine strument for measuring heat. Superior excollence. (The central letters, read across, give a well-known riddler.) Boffont Pylramid. A letter. Frozen water. A boy's name. To terrify. To disregard. To be frank. Not settled. (The central letters, read down, give the name of a famous riddle writer.) NesToa, Brighton.