THE PUZZLER. 262.-TRIPLE ACROSTIC.
All day long tho sound of battle On the breeze was borne afar ; Shouts and groans, and cannons' rattle, Mingling in the din of war. Till my initials died, his dying Cast a shadow over all ; Thousands for his loss are sighing, Ne'er did such a hero fall. To succeed him came my second In a garb of mourning dress'd ; " To your tents !" he thus thein beckoned— ■ " He is dead, so let him rest." Oft my finals have been hurried By him, conquering, to the foes ; Now his brilliant form they've buried In a calm and quiet repose. 1. In my first's airy dominions They his form will yet survey ; Soaring high on Fancy's pinions, When from them he's far away. 2. Raise a monument, ye nations ; Next transposed on it his name, That succeeding generations Yet may know his mighty fame. 3. When in life's dark hours ye need him, Ye will last transposed in vain ; Brighter monarchs may succeed him, But he ne'er will come again. William Aitken (Sorn). 263.—ENIGMA. Hurrah—hurrah ! for my might and my power ! And as I rush madly along, The hills and tbe dales seem to dance swiftly past, Dismayed; as it were, by my song. None can dispute that great acts I perform In helping the civilised world. When my use was discovered, the mail-coach was_gone, The sails of the barques were all furled ; The workshops were silent till I made them ring With the clangour of sinewy might. I can spin, I can hew—nay, do all that man can, In the light of the sun or by night. I will toss my wild mane in defiance of all, Though from duty I never have swerved, If attempts to illuse me are ever begun By those whom I've faithfully served. S. Biiamall. 264—TRANSPOSITION. A celebrated character From Shakspere please to find, Which, when it is transposed aright, Will bring a title to your sight That's of a noble kind j (ş Again, when you Transpose, you view What never can be false, but always must be true. J. W. Muir. 265— CRYPTOGRAPHICAL CHARADE. Mz fjtvx it gbvkiwkk fsgvl ebek dba fsqp amn pbtww og tig ebtwl, Aof wjvk iu it mz sferni f jnoii, tp tikv iu oxgv iuu wptwl ; Fpt wjvkszz Ibww ovt suqfo og fstvx wpwoh bf eyehiiouo sncop, Aof wjvkszz fstvx, lbww wpwoh, ppuvixy np iovhvjya au amn. Tig txq uokwi, tig wiqoi wjno psqyi ticw "uokrr it suthrlzo," Aof Bskwent oxpv iuu mjikxd ppyho titrylnvcc iuu bsgdayn aof lfpjxm. R. W. Johnson. 266—FLOWER CONUNDRUMS. 1. What flower is that which conveys the dearest wish of parted friends P 2. What flower is always seen in a pantomime ? 3. What flower should be most useful to people in distress ? 4. What flower is indispensable to a housemaid ? 5. Which is the oldest flower on record ? 6. Which flower is the wisest ?—G. J. Bell, Jun. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 48. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 38, please see preceding page.