THES RIIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. -
opres Or in the nia'rralive.) WeT HE SAID. woman with feet like a tailor's hot iron, With eyes that resemble two almonds alight, Whose mousth could an average cauliflower bite, Awoman who carries a volume of Byron, Bet oe'er reads a line, though it's always in sight; ht stares at you like an inquisitive siren, Who recommends every system of hire on, A wman who'd heap countless embors of fire on, A positive dealer in " hot hematite I" woman who shows only dissatisfaction, A womanl who walks with a very long stride, A far which resembles a lemon just dried, With very decided predominant action- lior nose might have been either toasted or fried; A womao, of womauliness j st a fraction, Whose ;rte is precisely to revel in faction, woman whose tongue never heard of inaction, An incontrovertible maniac's guide. A woman with views on the Parnell Commission, A woman with spectacles fixed on her nose, Who talks to you only concerning her woes, Who wonld very quickly obtain an admission To any mass meeting of friends or of foes; A very peculiar sort of edition, To marry for money her only ambition, Beneath a disguise of a charity mission, Who d prate of her honour in language verbose. A woman with hair like an underdone carrot, A squint in one eye, and a bow in each knee, Who never drinks stronger than water-or tea, Although she might just be induced to sip claret, But only to judge of its goodness, you seek A woman who'd act d ia Irving or Barrett, Who wants chaining up in a Bedlamish garret, Who jabbers and yells like a lunatic parrot- That isn't the woman for marriage with me. [Allafalsehood.--S. S.'s WIPE,] SILVER SHIELD. WHAT SHE SAID. -A man with a nose like an over-ripe berry, Who revels in snuff, and smokes awful bird's-eye, Who looks a fit object for any pig-sty, Who flavours of liquor, and drinks common sherry, And other such stuffs for his palate so dry. A men with a month like an underground tunnel, Whose breath smells like onions in paraffin oil, Who wishes to show you a burn or a boil, A man with a nose like a battered-out funnel, And hair that resembles of oakum a coil. Aman who endeavours to seek an admittance to any theatre by order or pass; Who knows all the actors (who dub him an ass); A man who survives on a pitiful pittance, A man who will patronize Guinness or Bass. Aman who will carry a broken umbrella That looks like a sort of compressed parachute, Wha thinks he is witty, and otherwise 'cute; A very peculiar sort of a " fella," Who bears a decidedly shady repute. Aman with a grin at his mouth-always smirking, A pandering loafer, a blackmailing rogue, Who drawls with a sort of West-countrified brogno ; i'A man you will always find covertly lurking- This is a section of man now in vogue. Yon ask what I think of him ? This my opinion- A sniggering, jugglering~ old jackanapes, Who gentlemen's manners and charabters apes; An incontrovertible maniac minion- A wonder to me that from gaol he escapes. SILvan SHIELD. [Allter all, I think the woman had the best of it.-S. S.'s se.] j -Dear Nellie, tell me truly, Tell me truly, Nellie dear, Are your subjects so unruly In their fierce and wild career ? Are your realms o'errun with monsters Who would rob you of your right, While your knights for love and honour Steadfastly refuse to fight ? Ivanhoe, the brave and gifted, Philo, great in love and song, Tell me truly, have they lifted Yet their swords against the wrong? While Philander Mugg, the latest Warrior as he claims to be, Will he fight against the greatest, 'Gainst the demon Lord le D. ? Oh, Lord Robert, mystic foeman, Will you hide your name for aye ? Or must I, a feeble woman, Drag you to the light of day ? I will don the knightly armour, I will down to Hades go, And, in spite of demon's glamour, Fearlessly call forth the foe. To commence, then, noble Robert: Are you not great Ivanhoe, And another greater riddler, As I'll very shortly show P No. my voice you shall not smother, I'll unmask you, you will see ; For Will Pickering is no other Than great Robert, Lord le D. ' KATIE Moss, Twickenham. METAGRAMS. lhanrthe rst:etter of a ord to form another word.) 4,First woman by her husband dear Is thwarted in her will, To gain her end and get her wish She has one weapon still; And when he will not give the cash A dress for her to buy, She has recourse to strategy, And starts at once to cry. A'ert right and reason must give in, And woman gains the day; And man, defeated by her tears, Confesses to their sway. Though right and might be on his side, Ie's conquered by these tears; ,And so it always has been, and Will be in future years. 1Ch FLIBBERTIGIBBET. Ab head of a well-known bird, and see hlince for pleasure then 'twill be; Chane head again, and I'll be bound a on a tree will now be found. F, E. HIaND, Hull. ,* CHARADES. K nrmedOn Werd each syllable of wliloh is a word.) So6 r use a number of myji'st For this little rhyme; ]ernt, opposed to worst, Yet near to its clime If you fist and next now take, SPoet of the Lakes they'll make. a nmst W. A. LasesTOoa, Poplar. braumber; then a place, cardhinc aerthly life is past; Whepls in urch; abeverage.tce; .. O, F, BLAcBURnl.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word, oe pressed in the narrative.) 8.-The night was cold, the snow fell fast, Around me naught but forests vast The moon shone pale, the sky was black, But still I kept upon the track; And as I plodded on and on, Behold I a light upon me shone; And when I pierced the blackened air, I still was faced by that white glare. My blood grew cold, my breath came slow, But still straight onward did I go, Nervously glancing at the trees, Which shook and whistled in the breezoe And as the glaring light I neared, It very slowly disappeared. Alone I stood in fear and dread, And strove to ease my aching head, The while I looked with eager eyes Around, with feelings of surprise; And as I looked, far down the lane The dazzling light appeared again I 'Twas no mistake, my eyes were true, And, undecided what to do, I started off into a trot And stopped before an ancient cot, The door of which was open wide, And prompted me to step inside. The floor was damp-the walls were bare, No living soul resided there ! All now was dark, the light had flown, And I was once more left alone I I did my best to feel at ease, And tried to still my quaking knees, When all at once I heard a yell Of mocking laughter-then I fell Upon the floor; and there I lay Until my senses passed away. / When I awoke I saw a deed Faded and torn, but still could read Its contents as I pressed my eyes Upon the paper with surprise. "Long years ago a man stayed here, And ate of bread, and drank of beer, And then proceeded to his bed In this same room." was what I read. "'Twas midnight then, and he awoke, Glared like one marl, but never spoke, For right before him floated elves. Who danced on tables, chairs, and shelves. And as each imp careered round, so They shrieked aloud, ' He, he! ho, ho I"' But here I must confess, and say The rest was eaten right away. HIECTOR AND S. A. DE BEAR. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-'Tis not that my outermost coat is Less thick than a coating should be, That I happen to take a first notice Of what my dear Toss said of me, But merely a few words to bandy, And good-natured issue to join, With one who is subtle, and handy At giving small coin. To the long-handled Magg-that's Philander- He sent a fond message last week; But who could have thought he would wander To one who is simple and meek ? Who doesn't aspire to be kiog.like- In fact's somewhat next.ed of such, And rather a warbler would sing like Than talk double Dutch. But, Toss, you are wrong in asserting That I have been called what I am By those (to the past years reverting) Who called names at the "tender wee lamb," They didn't consult, at that function, The prominent one of the lot; So now, with my own in subjunction, A new name I've got. And, Toss, if the name doesn't please you, I'm open to hints from each side I'll take, if the taking would ease you, A name of the names you have tried; Call Bill, or take Mike, or take Moses, Or, like the Yankees, be " o' boss," Call aught that the wide world discloses, But-don't call me Toss. Philander is awful ; I know it, And Ivanhoe maybe's as bad; But Toss-may the winds toss and blow it, While yet there's one more to be had I To horrid sounds folks are enslavdd, But never shall I be to blame By taking, like psalms of King David, " One more of the same 1" IvaHnoE, Belfast. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrativoe. 10.-You have told nay story, Nellie, In your sweet, pathetic song, Of the love that died with summer, And the grief that lasts so long I Oh, the sad and withering autumn, When love's light was burning low, And the dearest hopes were fading With its last expiring glow I Then the darkness of chill winter, Spreading over grim and fast, Swallowed up the last faint glimmer Of the glory that had passed. But the flowers that die awaken When the blue sky beams above; Can there be a resurrection For a crushed and buried love ? LILIAN M. DOUGLAS, London. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The twno caetral letters ok a word are changed to form another word, expressed in the narrative). 11.-Isabel, Isabel, Soft were the words that fell Down in the dewy dell, Deep in the hollow; Come with your tresses, Your smiles and caresses; Out of your slumber, love, Rise ye, and follow. Isabel, Isabel, Where the wild roses smell, Primrose and fairy bell, Down in the hollow; Oh, the sweet weather, The heath and the heather! Wake ye, my Isabel, Wake ye and follow. Toss, LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole. tlon,and transposition, but leaves a perfeoSt word after eaoh operation.) l.--For first a tree please call to mind; Delete, a sex you'll surely find Behead, you'll find a kind of drink That's very often used, I think; Behead again, and you will see A French word signifying "the." T. JoNEs. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the some.) 13.-This means to note or name; .teverse, and 'tis the same. T. PICtAVANCE,
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narr: tlve.) In Memoriam : T. Royston. 14.-Farewell, young heart, that, full of youth's gay lightness, Was wont to shed its lustre o'er our throng; Farewell to one whose endless joy and brightness Uprose in strains of winning, stirring song. And as our grief and sad regrets increase, We fain would murmur softly, " Rest in peace." Could not cold Death have kindly passed thee over, When life seemed fall of hope and promised bliss ? His glance might surely some sad heart discover Who fain would leave a weary world like this, Instead of thee, whose earnest, thoughtful mind In everything a gleam of joy could find. Though years are passing, changing brightest visions To stern realities of sad decay, Darkening the rosy tints of youth's decisions, And causing them, like us, to pass away, Our thoughts still turn to comrades of the past, Whose memories shall live while life shall last. To those who, left behind, are full of sorrow, We fain would whisper words of hope and cheer, Reminding them of heaven's sweet to-morrow, When they shall meet again one loved so dear. Full well we know the grief their hearts within- "One touch of nature makes the whole world kin." Yet through the veil of bitterness and sadness A promise ste ds of happintess and love, To break in golden clouds of sweetest gladness When we have reached a brighter home above, Where pain and sorrow evermore shall cease, And we shall always rest in cloudless peace. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 15.-Little workers, toiling ever, First create by strong endeavour; To last, Britannia, at this hour, Owes much of comfort, wealth, and power. ROBERTO, London. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other word a.) Foundation Word. 16.-If in the Zoo you chanced to go, T ou'd see my primals there, I know. Cross Words. In first an insect doth appear; 'Tie looked upon by all with fear. Upon the hand you'll see my oed } Some people bite them when they re vexed. A fluid is third, Of which you have heard. My fourth's reckoned good And nourishing food. An animal in fifth behold; 'Tis swift of foot, so I am told. Another one please find For sixth, if you don't mind. And last will be The ocean free. H cron. . Foundation Word. 17.-In primals-time the birds are sweetly singing Their thrilling lays among the shady trees; The village bells .;;th joy are gaily ringing, And gladness floats along the balmy breeze. Cross Words. 'Tis used to keep an old man from the grave; At other times 'tis often used to save. Good lack is said to come if this be lifted; Read back, from out your chair you'll soon have shifted, 'Tis sometimes sad in tone, yet sometimes sweet; Found on a lady's hand, it looks quite neat. Just place a vehicle behind me, and you'll see A well-known Russian name I'll quickly be. I wear away a little day by day; Five thousand years and I'll be moved away. On cliffs you'll find me when the storm is near; Without my head, to farmers I'm most dear. HECTOR AND C. F. BLACKrDUn'. Foundation Word. 18.-That primal is cming brings joy to my heart, With its sunshine and sweet-smelling flowers; It memories pleasant to me doth impart. What a contrast to winter's dark hours I Cross Words. For first please fiud a town in Spain; Nest a judge of contest's plain; Third is busy hiding his gold; Fourth means to imitate, I'm told ; Fifth is a heroine of Y. F. P.; Last is what I should like to be. F. E. HIND, Hull. Foundation Word. 19.-Whole is a well-known bird, Of which you all have heard. Cross Words. A chair or bench. One of the four seasons. A frisky animal. A machine. A bequest. A fertile spot in a desert. A well-known liquid. J. H. VIvIAN, Croydon. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.) Foundation Words. 20.-Of reading books there really is no end: This phrase which I have quoted is not mine; But I would safely say, dear riddling friend, The works this author wrote are truly fine. Cross Words. Without me you could never see at all The football, scramble, or the cricket ball. If you are this, I'll very quickly tell You'll get some water at the ruined well. Bad boys are fond of eating me, 'tis true ; And pull them from the place whereon they grew. I lived in former ages, and 'tis said Of painting all my art was truly led. Here trace for me another painter's name, Who lived when life was young to win great fame. In every church he surely has a place, And ushers in the folk with pleasant grace. C. F. BLACKBURN, Edinburgh. ARITHMOREl. (An aorcestic. Tlheletters of cross words that are floman emunerals expressed in flgures.) Foundation Word. 21.-O'er the meadows gaily play Beams of sunlight golden, Glinting 'mongest the ruins grey Of a castle olden; Merry party at its base Of lunch are partaking, Joy depicted on each face Bent on merry-making. Gross Words. 1,050 and gapuo On every bird 'tis found. 552 ,, a A poem world-renowned. 0OL ,, torah A vehicle of old. 1,500 ,, ano An Arab's name, we're told. 102 ,, ne An ancient British race. 1,101 ,, raba Their homes in final trace. .- Ro0To, London,
NARBATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leovlin another word, expressee in the narrative.) (To Mr. Mugg.) 22.-Philander, forgive me for keeping you long Without a reply to your rash, reckless song, In which you spoke kindly of me With illness much marring I've hacd to contend, But now, while the time is auspicious, I send My very best wishes to thee. Somehow, from coincidence, malice, or whim, 'Tis dreamt Mugg is Taylor, and that " He is him I" Such rumour is erringly rife. You know 'tis untrue-not, indeed, that I care, Yet I hope you will say, if Philander were bare, Who on earth he would be in the life. For, Phil, some well.meaning but misguided elf Hints darkly " I'm you," and was "praising myself," When you scribbled your November con. Our Editor knows this is wrong, so do you, So do I; and it tastes more of joke than of rue When silly ill-feeling is gone. Poor Wilynm the weeper doth grievously fare (He wept his green willows all leaflessly bare), Wilyom, the sat'rist sardonic l Most Williams, alas I with a "Faugh I" and a "Hem I" Appear to presume I alluded to them, Suspicion with truth not harmonic. However, Philander, whoever you be, Accept my right hand in all friendliness free, And long may you shine in the ranks, In rousing to action the truants and knights, In giving to each his full due and his rights, Thus earning the " Tournament's" thanks. V. D. T., Warrington. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to Mr. J. B. Preston.) 23.-I once a notion took that I would join the " Tour. nament," And so to Young Folks Paper a riddle I then sent ; And when one day I opened it my heart it filled with pride, For there amongst the others my riddle I espied. It was there, it was there, I really do declare- Of course it drove away all thoughts of care; And then I softly swore That I'd send them by the score, For it pleased me much to know that it was there. Now, I used to have a nice moustache; it was of blackish hue, But I did not like it on my face, and scarce knew what to do, Until a chum a razor sharp did lend to me one day, And with a mighty stroke or two I wiped it all away. It was there, it was there, That little bit of hair, But now, of course, my upper lip is bare; And so it will remain Till the hair comes out again, But it's all right when we know that it was there. Now, into a crowd I happened to get pushed the other day, But before I was there very long I wished myself away; For I felt some extra pushing, and when I turned around, The band of a gentleman (?) I in mhy pocket found. It was there, it was there, I really do declare ! Now, was not that a singular affair? I raised a fearful shout, Then he quickly pulled it out, And now I know the reason it was there. J. BnnaEL, Belfast, CHARADES. I orned on a word eash syllable of whloh is a wor.l.j First Word. 21.-Empty and hollow, but sounds are these things, Yet they make us light-hearted and glad; When sorrowful tidings are borne on their wings, They make us feel thoughtful and sad. Yet one of my first, if in sorrow or gladness, Can turn tears into mirth, rejoicing to sadness. Second Word. This stands alone; amid the world's deception This far exceeds the greatest man's conception. Men may be men, born talented and clever, Yet without this their talent is in ',in; Men may be great, the greatest of tLom never Win true renown unless my next they gain. Whole Word. Here is a man-a man, ay, and a poet- Who could bring smiles where allwas sad and sore ; Great was his power, he could-ah, well we know it I- Wring tears from eyes that never wept before : Combined first and last in nature and in name, And was in name and nature still the same. W. D. PICKERING AND MsEPHISrTOIPELES. 25.-First is a pronoun, which now find; Second is a vehicle of a kind; Last, a garden tool you know; Whole a riddling bard will show. F. E. HeID, Hull. HIDDEN PROVERB. ' 26.-If a man will never venture to bet upon a horse (Afraid of losing all his " tin "), Why, it naturally follows, as a matter of conrse, He never can expect to win. R. WVAr. . ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Night, right. 20.-None, on. 2.-Light, fight. 21.-Now, no. 3.-Hour, pour, four. 23.-Bosworth, Standard, 4.-Mind, find. Flodde n, Fontenoy, 5.-Fair, hair. Waterloo, Ondenarde, 6.-Page, sage. Wakefield, Badajos, Tala- 7.-Shut, hut. vern. 8.-Starch, star. 23.-Ell, 11 (two l's). 9.-Chain, chair, 24.-"Mirror," " Olympic." 10.-Is, it. 25.-Ere, o'er. 11.-When, them, 26.- L I M P 12.-Own, on. I D E A 13.-Summer. Thus: Sea, M E A L Under, Martin, Marry, P A L E End, Rage. 27- NAME 14.-Yoang Foelks. Thus: . A 3I E Youth, Ordeal, Unit, I i9 A D Nettle, Grayling, Fox, ENDS Odour, Lizard, Kestrel, Sign. l8.--M O U I NTAINU !' 15.--Yet, let. OBSrEN E 16.-Reviver. U A BGE N T 17.-Thherehere. N ARB 0. 18.-Still, till. TA. Ii B 19.-Cuckoo. Thus: Civil, AR It, Uncle, Comical, Kestrel, I N Omen, Ostrich. N RBIDDL CoN'rnaI°5Ios ACcEPTgD 'WEDNESDAY, JUNE 5.-TOSs (1, 2, 3), LInan DorGeAs (1, 3), . A. TAYLoR (1), W. D. PIcRINa~e AND -EbPESTO'coa'LES (1), RED CRoss KNIGart (1), KATIe Moss (1), C. FAcNCOIR 1), J. STocKs (1), T. E. B. (2); GanEY KIGnT (2), H. lonINsoN (1), Inoo MAsK .(), INaorAB (2, 4, 5), MEPHISTO (1), F. JOIHNSON (1, 2). Contributions not referred to in the ureceding prra- cranh have been found unsaitable, and are theruiors neciined with thanks.