E.:W--TlE-OTTNAMENT. NARRATIVM'ETAGRAMS. theflrat letter ot eaw ordto- orm ,aother word, expressed Ien&he narrattvo.)
L-Oh, my hneart is very weary, And.my eyes-are dimmed with tears= Every'day is long and dreary, Shadowed:o'er with dismal fears. N"othiing brings me joy or pleasure, : 'Nothing drives lny pain away; I've not known al'hour of leisure From.it nowg.f.r many a day. Though I try to smile in gladness, SAnd enjoy a friendly talk, Come those clouds of darkest sadness, Even when I take a walk. Tell me,'Mary. how to banish Thoughts of misery and pain,' For, I fear, unless they vanish, 1 shall ne'er know joy again.. Nellie, dear, I learn with sorrow Of your sad.and mournful plight. Will your grief be gone to'morrow P Will it leave you, dear, to.night ? Canit be that next-door neighuours Play. upon a.-cornet shrill, Pekat they thunydisturb your labours, And your life with madness fill ? Is it toothache fiercely raging ? Is it unrequited love P Is it cats in War engaging On the chim'ney-can above P Can it be that rain descending Spoilt your best and newest hat, Just 'as winter isimpending P Tell me, Nellie, is it that ? No, dear Mary, these poor troubles Would not worry me at all: What I now endure just doubles All the ills that you've let fall. Listen,.and I'1l tell the cause, dear, Of my agony and wqe; I've a pair of new boots (fours, dear !), And they-oh, lor I-pinch me so ! N~ILLIE WATSON AND MARY H. MILLER. -.-Wben night-winds soft are beating, And-twinkling stars me thrill, Then I, the sorrow.laden, Muse on that glorious maiden `To whom my soul sends greeting x. "^'Through space, o'er vale and hill- When night-winds soft are beating, Anditwinkling stars mne thrill. Oh, Night Queen, when I listen And catch thy soulful throb, My love-lorn heart, responding, Inthales'thy sad despond ; With tear$ my eyelids glisten, ' And I answer with a sob- -j - Oh, Night Queen, when I listen And catch thy soulful throb. Oh, voices, sweetly singing, That sweep throughout the skies, Oh, lull to rest and gladness My never.absent sadness; !Let trustful thought upwinging For ever end my sighs- 'Oh, voices, sweetly singing, That sweep throughout the skies. 'Oh, ghastly, creaking raven, From night's Plutonian shore, My soul, with sorrow weary. Through saddened years and dreary, Shall it to Life's last haven Bear gloom for evermore? tOhanswer, croaking raven, From night's Plutonian shore. When men attain life's prizes, If I obthii" uny bare, Shall niren be love Platonic, Or sorrow deep, sardonic? -My soul again uprises For some things, true and rare, When men attain life's prizes, And I obtain my share. Oh, when the MEons fleeting Are past and ever gone, May my love still unbroken, A pure and blessed token, Preserve that primal meeting Of love and life in one, When MEons swiftly fleeting Are past and ever gone. W. IM. HOLMEs, Easingwdod. I'-Six nights I've tossed within my bed, And bent my body double; 'Six nights I've scratched my aching head, Much tortured with my trouble. And this it"is-and this alone- That some one, not too humble, Has set me up upon a throne, And left me there to tunisble, Now this, no doubt, was very kihd, And so I do not doubt it, Although, perhaps, deep in my mind 1'd rather do without it; Por when a fellow's first shoved up With praises loud and new, And then pulled down and sat upon, What can a fellow do ? Now, Vagablonds, there's no doubt It is not sweet a-hicking, To find yourdelf kicked all ab at, And everybodyidoking; And so thought I when Ivanhoe, Who sings like forty flutes, erfor umeduppn.me movingly With numbeihun'et'en boots ! Don't think Im nursing my mishaps, Or want to iOuy'my wails Out; No doubt 'twnasright, although, perhaps, Be might have ta'en the nails out. Buo nagr~4nd. bit,,dear Vag, nl bno uch tie thing may bore us, We'll bear it like 'hilosophers, And howl him down in chorus. Bat maybe-this would never do, For, not being used to fuss, lthough we howl until we're blue, So will he howl at us. let uaall shake hands around, AndlaU at thIe 'that mind most, -Z give three cheers for every one, And Rephy take t ehindmost Toss. BURIED PROVERB. 'Wha I wasyoung I.used to sit BAnd liste to the nightbird's song; A" with a sadness strength is knit, And pulls he yepr with joy along. whouse . view those hours with pain ye rpso dwUndOhly~s mnade glad the throng. orlel.e tyearss--- Oh hollow strain ! e i e g laness in thy song P C. P~ ~ar5?7Uwsa T P. Cowsusw,
'(Ohinee t lr$r;t two lattes TbI a word to foarm'another Worn) Though bearing a*4rantfrog tdrouh of sirii# !r ;'_ When the sttai' hat swirls"tlirough "he lrey arches . ' SIs loosedfrom-theb olutbh:bfthBewinter king ;' . Thouh the wqrld be numband4 its hearts. forsaken, And life yg slpw ,at its font~in head, Sing hsyl o.r thQ sgcper shaft soon awakent ... And lghr for tithe spring.tinio is 6v' dieaf When flei4.aud hedge have a .sbtle odour, And hawthorn bloom is the snow of May, Spring throbs with life, and.the light.winds load her With carolled homage that glad birds pay; When the world lAes teanced in the nightly splehdour And waves of cha.ge o'er the earth's face sweep, Sing hey l'for the charm that the fresh days rendeiy And laugh I fbr the Waters of new life leaps When June is rich in the smiles of roses, And the ardent sun o'er the landscape gloats; When the reign of sound that the snummer knows is A wave of song from the tawny throats; When first are purple and meadows golden, And the air is a-tangle with webs of light, Sing hey I for the love. that is.aew, yet olden, And laugh for the earth is a bride bedight. When Angust bends 'neath the harvest burden, And the scent offields on the wind is laid; When the voice of the whispering corn is heard ha The pause of the murmuring colonnade ; . When the midnight moon at the fullis flooding, ITle skyey lands with a shimmering glow, Sing hey I for the fruitage ofspring-time's buading, And laugh 1 for its blessing the world shall know.. When the earth is shadowed by grey October, And a leafy carpet is shaken down; When the wood-hues gleam and the skies are sober, And the grave of the fowers is elayed and brown; When the stubbly meadows are soaked and sallow, And dawns are dreary and singers dumb, Sing hey ! for the winter delights shall follow, And laugh l for the turn of the year shall come. When winter's seed of the snow ia falling To blossom in snowdrops faint and pale ;. When the.wind with a gusty shriek is.calling, And the last are bound with a misty veil; When the earth is frostily scintilltting, And the night is lord of the infant day, Sing hey I for its signal the world's awaiting And laugh I for their qecrets the woods[ betAy.". YV'i'NdE, Belfast. 6.-Oyez i Oyez I Oyez-! 'Mid swords and spears, Mephisto the maligned again appears. " A thousand pounds reward," alive or dead, For Jesteros Demonio, hiahead- An arrant first. who all good folks will peste, .. Known to the " Tourney " as the Demon Jester. 'Twas but last week I raised him, all alone, And placed him on a footstool near the throne; Then, just to show my kind consideration, Clipped off his ears to give him recreationa And then he stood, ingratitude confessed, For while we clipped he wouldn't even jest; But after all he joked in manner fine, And,' scoffing, asked, why were those ears like mine? I answered not-he stepped a yard, and said, Because they stretched three feet beyond his heady For which vile jest I kicked him through the doot, And kicked him back again, then cried " 1ncore I" And threatened, while his body we were slammin', To hang him by the heels as high as Haman. Then, after all I'd done for him that day, The scurvy rascal meanly ran away, And did me out of my enjoyment finely. But it he's caught we'll treat him most divinely; We'll shoot him up into the clouds amain, In hopes the clouds will rain him down again. .. * * * a As for that Lockhart's scone that last De Bear Saw Mercian feeding on, why-what-well, there, The thing's a fraud. Great Plato I why this fuss P We haven't such a thing in Erebus. And as for Mercian-shade of the great Le DIl Don't mention Mercian again to me I Anent S. Shield, his wife or cousin, blow it ! He's got relations. and he lets us know it. With all his aunts and cousins he's top-heavy: Why doeshe never mention uncle Levi P As for Sir Felix F., that recreant knight, "" Aauat, ye spectre I" which means " Quit my srght l" I'd like to find out where the deuce to find hiin-- " He's gone and left his tailor's bill behind him I" So till Sir F. to Hades likes to come, Fare-well, fare-ill! Ahal oho l ohum! MEPHISTO I., Rex. NARRATIVE DUAGRAlM (Ohangse the first two letters of a waord to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Where now is thy splendour, and where is thy glory, Land of the mountains, and forests, and vales P Is it naught but romance that enriches thy story, The story of Cambria, the story of Wales P I see not thy banners which floated so proudly O'er castle and hall, over mountain and stream ; I hear not thy war.ory'which echoed so loudly ; No more in thy forests do bright weapons gleam Thy gl6ry-is past and thy bowers are forsaken, The song of my fathers is now sung no more; No more does thy clarion the mountains awaken, The banner is fallen which Britons once bore. Thy forests re-echo the voice of the stranger, The foreigner's language is heard in thy halls; No more o'er thy hills is the patriot a ranger, The flag of the dragon no foemap appals. Thy soil, which defied each attempt at invasion, When Arthur won laurels again and again, Defying the Saxons on each bold occasion, And teaching that freedom in Gwalia should reign, Lies 'dilent and cold 'neath the conqueror's banner- That banner which Griffydd cast boldly to earth. 0 for a prince who, in like fearless manner, Wopld rise and proclaim es a patriot.his worth !, 'et the moment shall come when in phoenix-like splendour Thy name shall arise from the dust of decay; Wheii homage to thee all the nations shall render, An'd races and people acknowledge thy-sway,.; It shall rise, for the spirit of courage and union In the breasts of thy children still nobly prevails; It shall flourish, for honour and truth in communion Bear forward in iulmpa the.gloy ot Wales.-. Nfp IATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter ofa word, leaving another woild,ebrriosed In the narrativeI .. . , . S.-N ellie, ourdearast.and fairest,. Ever your voice singeth clear, , Iyrics the sweetest and rares; t, * L ightening.the days that.dre drea"., - I hope that your life will be happypj. -. Endlessly harmonious, dear. N iriat, the gifted tiew comer "' - I n verses s0'tender and brigA, .. ' SBecalling the ones who are ib'sddt- '.... Inviting the heroes to fight?' i- . A tribute of praise I Wouldo fferL- .' May the future bring ever aqebt. ENIGMA. Ziw .e . 9,--Riddlers brave, a con. Irve liere-. " , Nay, nay, do not shout; pow the questio~In'will put- . " Watis that that's nevdi'bt Pb .: ..aTalm K; Tormv.
- NARRATIVE EEVERSION. SiA womd isreversed, ad bedra it difertset,meanlig a thn saftattvoJ ' 10.-Theophilus Mackentie *as a .*gd~ r in x iiuiway, d tudied phyaiology du dbn cbistfy, they say; H1Vdealt *ith 'kthemati6s' and th he''lanets in the sky, And ov'rything impossible he manfully did-try. HO dabbledlin mythology with. perfect zeal hBd' zest, And also ornithology, at which he wasithe best; Tlhepapers spoke about:him as a man~of mighty btatn, And subh-a sparkling genius they'll net-ar $ed again. He'd boxes full of ohemicals,-und instramen',riasore, And soientific volumes eter which he used%'to pore; Great Leyden jars adorned his splendid laboratory, too, And batteries bichromate and Leclanche you' e'er could view. Precipitates of ev'ry kind in phials he would keep, And poisons that would even cause great Edison to weep; Both mortars, pestles, test tubes, and retorts you'd always scan- In short, he was a pearl, and never meant to be a man. One day our hero wonderful a bright idea conceived, By which, if he succeeded, all the world would be re" lieved; 'Twas this-and now again the old; dld ttory must be told- He'd found the only neasis ds manufacturing pure gold. Great was the joy 6f Mrs. li., in whom he did confide, And- next day sBr him working filled with energetic pride, - EIe atopped up every crevice so that air should not get in The laboratory, breathing through some tubing made of tin. He first procured some acid called sulphuric he had bought, And warmed it for a moment in his medium retort; Then in a bottle soon 'twas pouted, mixed with some water cold And sundry bits of iron, as a substance' for the gold. The mortar then he next obtained, and flue some retifi ground, With copperas and chlorate of potassiutf it pound; Some copper filings followed soon,-some antimony, too, Then over went the mtortair, and he knew not what to do. The shades of night were falling as the composition fell, Anddhe 'could not continue labour properly and well : Theretp'e he struck a match to find the stuff without delay, Resolving to complete the grand experiment next day. Alas ! for his. conjectures, they would never come to pass, A great explosion followed, for the room was filled *ith gas Escaping from the bottle holding miituore number one, Which blew the great Theophilus right past the setting san. His broem ehltarted relatives searched, ll the country round, But not the slightest particle of him could e'er befoun ; And in the village .churchyard pasters-by nmai alwayif see A stone with this inscription 'iented to his memory : '' Theophilhs Mackenzie's noble spirit here doth lie, But if you *ould observe the flesh, gaze up into the sky; A philoso phid scientist whom ev'ry man did love, Who studied planets down below, and does the same -Ibove." HzcrTOr. DECAPI.CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another - word.) 11.-Oh, knights of Puzzledom, Ye glorious knights of aye, Must first appeal for knightly steek In vain to lastitheir tnay P in vain Queen Marion sang, In vain her woes she told . Must ye be less in courteousness Thea were the knights of old, The cold, . The haughty knights of old ? Oh, maids of Puzzledom, Ye turned your heads atiab' When Marion sang lidr phrases rang On ear' as cold as clay. And when she yielded up I er crown of purest gold. Ye were more glad than were the bad And traitorous maids of old- The bold And stalwart maids of old. Oh. bards of Puzzledom, Ye heard your queen's appeal, Yet jangled high to drown her cry, Oh, subjects true and leal I "La reins eat mort!" you cry0 " Vive la reines 1" and hold Her name as light as did the 'crightb Gay troubadours of old-- The bold And faithless bards of old. Oh, lords of Puzzledom, Ye barons of the pen, Ye could not stand your queen's command, Oh, bold, ambitious men I Philo anid Ivanhoe Examples here I hold; They bowed in court, rebelled in thought, As did the lords of old- The bold, Rebellious lords of old. Knights, ladies, troubadours, Hear what your queen did say She order gives that narratives No more should hold the sway. It was her latest wish, So say no more, butt hold As cons. tabooed the whole vile brood, And write the cons. of old- Well-told And stirring cons. of old. KATIz Moss, Twickenham. NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To Miriam Gr'ay.) 12.-Though your verses do me honour, With their courteous queries laden, I should bring confusion on her If I fought against a maiden; So, although your warning lines From a knight would rouse my ire, Let the sentiment that shines In the verse I most admire Guide my pen in giving answer to your lay. ..You are wrong when you surmise I was e'er theFssianti elf; . Twould.betanything but wise-- - , To attemptto crodraifdne's$ ifl < Butygou esnrely'can't haY' ehBiet it When you .made the ihphpttibnP Were L Toss,'I should aseiit it, And demantd sore reptidtidhi, Which would well become the erring one to pay, Do you think I am ungallant, Jiriam Gray DOUBLE O0REGRA, (Ohange the two last letters etf a Word ao form another word.l 13.-Myfrfst is a coloir 6f~' eiising'hue Also a flower well known to you; A musical instrument olertwill be Tht'·q foll of sweetness and melody. NaOal M. TawuOr.,
NARRATIVE PAtINDOMl .. . (A *so d1.h ch readjbacwards or 'orwards is stil the} e sle, e S .' ." pressed in the n ,rrative.) 14.-Don't ask me why I look >.) very solenhli; ~ Don't speak to ime, or angry I shall be, For while some bards praise others, and eitoi 'eiýl It's very Btirange theyvnever think of me I What hitb I done tt I should be neglected P Why should I thcU~be cast upon one side P I've written cons., and-boo 1-they've been reje'cltel (Don't laughl this isn't the first time I have cried I). I've writ of love. and all such treacle-toffee, I've writ of dats, brickbats, and Persian Shahs: I've writ of spring, mixed up with tea and coffee, I've writ of maidens and their stern papas. I've writ of knives and forks, and penny trotters, I've.writ of things that never have been seen i I've writ of fogs, likewise November plotters5, I've written.odes in dozens to the queen. I've mentioned -bards who really don't deservd it; I've called them all the adjectives I knew t I've writ to girls iA hopeb they would preserve i;b SAid think of me when eating Irish stew. I don't.come here except when I am able, TherEd. rejects my efforts by the score; I'm.short of space-I write this on a label- I'm awful glad I haven't room for more. But wait a bit, I've found a " Scrap of Paper," And have " Called Back" " Dark Days " of long ago i No more I'll fret-I'd better light my taper- And " In the Ranks ',' I'll fight each " Tourney" foe. No'doubt you think this " Much Ado 'Bout Nothing," And if you do you are " All in the Wrong e" There goes the light-I'm sure there was a nioth in, I'll leave you now, and thus Will end the song. T.' E. B., Manchestet SQUARE PUZZLE. 15,;he following square, if well looked through; A noted proverb Will bring tp viev; HTORB I H TLI OPSSK OOCYN A M. O T FLIIlBERTIIBrBTr. DIAMOND PUZZLE, 16..-For the head of my puzzle a clue I must show, Ap}d the lftter that leads to the puzzle belole I* seen both in death and despislf: fihough it isn't inmisery, sotrow, or phadb , And is found in delight, it has still a bad nane, For it's first with each "devil-may.care." For the next of my puzzle a lady you find, Who the joys and the pleastres of earth bath. ti; signed, et *ho lidves in the holiest blGs3$s One W'ho nuedotirs the helpless and raises the lob, Who is friend to the fallen, and nobody's foe, And whose world is far brighter than this. For the third of my puzzle a power put down That is almost omnipotent-city and town And village acknowledge its sway; Great armies and navies come forth at its call, Strong nations arise and the weaker ones fall) Where it's missing there's naught but decay. For the cross ps my puzzle i toxn you indite That I think will be strange to the readers who #rri In. the "' TottrIauent " Wieek after week; On the coast of green Erin and east it is found, At the bend of its bay, which is twenty miles found. Now, it ought to be easy to seek. For the fifth of my puzzle a conqueror dnd, Who has mastered the best and the worst of mankind In hovel, or palace, or hall; Who wAs born ere the third son of Adam had hirtli; Who sweeps fromt the end to tie end of the diathii Ahd must oiide bb etidounteted by all. the name of a being for sixth you must write, A fairy or " leprechaun," goblin or sprite, In Han Christian Andersen seek. And for seventh and last you a letter find out, That you cannot gain book.lore or knowledge without. And now, "Tourney," good-bye till next week. To the Editor. I had trouble in getting that last verse to fit, And I think I have only just managed to hit The target of po-et-i.cal Ex-cel.lence; but no matter. Read down and horn, Zon-tal-ly, and a town in old Erin espy. And, dear Editor, thank you-'that's all: P,. CJ. dses CONUNDRUMS. 1,-Dear riddlerS, a question I'm going to ask, To find out the answer is no difficult task; And solving a con. is an excellent art. When is a river like a costermonger's cart ? F. E. HIND, Hull. 2,-What tree represents a person who persists in in- curring debts P 3,-\Vhy are ears like regimental bands ? Miss MAndI. 4.-,Where.is the best place to find peace and content' ment? Inux ZsIts AeSWxRa.--1 When there is a-n-eddy in it. 2. Willo# (Will owe). 3. Because they have drunms. 4. In the dictionary.