THE PUZZLER.
433.—CHARADES. 1,— A little dear I love sincere , Has sent a billet-doux, - Me to invite to-morrow night, * I know, my first to do ; For I the man would like to see Who does not firet when he takes tea. Г11 whisper love, and it may prove A secoud iu my life : Should she eay " Yee, why, then, I guess, : I'll take her as my wife ; ■<% As great a second when you choose As wheu a better-half you lose. Upon the hoard а well-made third, ' And other kinds of fare, I know ehe will, with taste and skill, Full plentiful prepare. Who can a rice or rich tea-cake ' Prepare, a third cau surely make. When tea ie done, such lote of fun, Such laughter, and such mirth ; , And afterwards a hand at cards, Perhaps a jolly fourth, For music's sure, and all men know It seldom fails to reach the toe. So, I am sure, we will eecure r A whole of everything, For all the maids cau play charade·., 1 And most of them can eing ; But you will think, I am afraid. You've had a whole of this charade. Abbt. 2,—A PABTT of settlers eat round their fire In the far-distant laud of the West ; Little they dream'd there was danger so near— That the red man their homes would molest. Iu peace and prosperity all had dwelt For ten happy years at that spot ; Each man had tilled the secoud of land Which was portioned to him as his lot. They talked of Old England and friends left behiud, Till the stars in the heavens shone bright ; Then, feeling weary, they went to their cots ; Each bade his compauion " Good-night." Next morn the sun rose: how different the scene ! A ead change had come over the place : The houses had vanished, the gardeus were gone, A first of ruin had filled up the space. For while they had slept, the Indians had come, And a terrible whole had ensued ; The settlers were slain and scalped by the foe ; Not one could their veugeance elude. Betan G. Bentham. 434.—SQUARE DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Diplomatists will ope their eyes, And all the world express surprise At this most foul proceeding j Such statesmen are a nation's foe, Whose base transactions serve to show Our meu of power waut weeding. 1. Progenitor of ehame and crime, Oppos'd by every law divine, ' What mind can ever be at rest ' '*?%*. If thou art hiddeu iu the breast P Our epeech must ever guarded be, Or else the tongue will let thee free. 2. He mauy thousands doth address, And speaks impartial through the press'; His labours wc ehould not abuse : He seuds us all the latest news. 3. Untainted hy the world's gay throng, They to the uudefiled belong. 4. A powerful empire tliis will name That's high upou the scroll of fame*. 5. Well vers'd in anoient classic lore, A cypher he would soon explore, A cryptograph would soon make out, Which proves him clever, beyond doubt. 6. A league or compact here define. Which kings and emperors ofteu sign, But break it for the love of gain, And thus a nation's honour stain ; Though kiugs possess the power of right, Heav'u will defend the people's right. Wm. Mountfobd. 435.—LIPOGRAM Nly brkn rddr—nly rnd si— *"" Nly ehttrd tpmst—nly s-brd's wl. Hr β th gd shp's pnnc, 11 f hr tht's 1ft j s Thr r th yrds nd rggng, tngld wf nd wf t ; Yndr mng th brkrs sum's jckt's tss'd ; Nd hr's th lgbk drftng, ts lvs 11 stff wth f rst. W fr'd th gus n wrung, th bby blls wr rng, Th bcu frs brud rdly, ud glmng shdws fing ; Bt f il th snw β thckly, t hd th prt-fre Ight, Nd n th rcks sh hrtltt—Gd sprd s frm th sght. Ll let f twnty sirs, nt n s sva, ws. Hst, Rvr 1 n, ld fil w, nd til m wht e ths : 'Ts İtti Jm, th 'prntc—hs mthr lvs cis by f Sh drmt ystrn, eh tld m, hr itti su wid d. J. Higginbotham. The answers to Fuzzier in this number will appear in No. 97. *«* For answers to Puzzler iu No. 85, please see preceding page. . - ~