THE PUZZLER. 44.—REBUS.
,1 Ľľ What part of London is here represented ?
45.—CHAEADE. The drums are beat, the trumpets sound, The soldier hears his duty call ; The eager horses prance around, And ardour fills the breasts of all. Sir Roderick was as brave a knight As ever did for glory thirst ; And foremost in the fearful strife He rushed regardless of my first. When mounting on his gallant steed, That oft had borne a foeman down, He dashed along with matchless speed To win the warrior's laurel crown. And through my next he swiftly broke, E'en though a crested helm of mail ; For when he dealt his mighty stroke, His arm had ne'er been known to fail. But now he met a foeman brave, Who at Sir Roderick fiercely leaped ; And from the fatal blow he gave, Sir Roderick soon in blood was steeped. Then with his last few gasps of breath He prayed that Heaven might save his soul ; And calmly slept the sleep of death, And England lost my bravest whole.—A. N. L. 46.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Tbitjmph of engineering art ! Some years ago . Our country cousins thought it a rare show ; Outshadowed now by nobler works of skill, A railway company its roads will fill, And soon beneath the river will you hear, The piercing whistle as the trains appear. 1—It merrily sports in the dimpling stream ; 2—A mid-ocean isle where Emma is Queen ; 3—The forest monarch from this doth grow ; 4—An elephant extinct, as we all know ; 5—A bird, whose eyes can meet the sun ; 6—" The charm's wound up "—I now have done. John S. F. 47—VERBAL CHARADE. My first is in boot, but not in shoe ; My second is in white, but not in blue ; My third is in flame, but not in fire ; My fourth is in dame, but not in sire ; My fifth is in tree, but not in root ; My sixth is in savage, but not in brute. My whole is a river in England. -J. T. B. 48.—LOGOGRIPH. Whole I a question plainly ask ; Transpose, and melting is my task ; Take off my head, a fruit you see, A wild one, too, you'll find 'twill be ; Restore my whole as 'twas at first, Behead, and on your view will burst A covering, from which now take The top, and a short word you'll make. W. H. Wool. 49.-DECAPITATION. Thbough carelessness my whole Hath often mischief done j Beheaded, and enjoyment I give to many a one Who in me takes a stroll Upçn a summer's day. Behead agaiUi and then I give A thing where safety lay. F. J. Pobteb. 50.—A DINNER SONG. Apud in is almi de si re, Mimis tres Ine ver re qui re. Alo veri findit a gestis, His miseri ne ver at restie. 51—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " Remote from man, with God he passed his days, Prayer all his business—all his pleasure praise." " Three poets in three distant ages born, Greece, Italy, and England did adorn : The first, in loftiness of thought surpassed ; The next in majesty ; in both the last : The power of Nature could no further go ; · To make a third she joined the former two." 1—A river of our own dear land ; 2—A gulf on Asia's far-off strand ; 3—An animal that's small and slim ; 4—A foreign bird with many а whim ; 5—A river of old, pompous Spain ; 6—A bird to which we'd not give pain. V For answers, &c., see previous page.