THE RIDDLER.-No. I.
AT the request of a great many correspondents the Editor will in future, whenever space will permit of it, give a few acrostics and charades to be puzzled out by his readers. DOUBLE ACROSTICS.
Two REIGNING MONARCHS. i. The chief town of a British Island, I, To guard me, once, brave knights in scores did die. z. A sovereign deposed, despised by all, My folly, faults, and vices caused my fall. 3. I once was deem'd a very lordly dish, But now men vote me an insipid fish. 4. To lose me now, although it causes pain, Yet you may hope to have me once again, But if in age my loss you shall deplore, Well may you grieve, you ne'er will have one more. 5. Two mighty rivers in the distant west, You may choose either which you fancy best. 6. In the far East, beneath a burning sky, The chief town of a British State am I. 7. In ancient Egypt by the mighty Nile, They sacred held me'and the crocodile. 8. Beneath the Sultan's sway, and Syrian skies, A famous town, my minarets arise. ENIGMA. I grow in the river, I fly o'er the sea, In the streets of a city you walk upon me, And if without water a plant you maintain, It does me, and so that it's thirsty explains.
THEIR CAPITALS. 1. In the great Eastern struggle, oft my name, A river, erst unknown, was sung by fame. a. An Indian Province, a short time ago, The scene of dreadful suffering and woe. 3. An English county, by the ocean's shore, 'Twould be too easy did I tell you more. 4. A sea-port town. When first the Romans came I flourished here. Of course you know my name. 5. Through realms by Russia own'd, my course I run, That is when melted by the summer sun. 6. Not a great town, magnificent, or fine, In all the world, no fair so famed as mine. In both these acrostics the initials and finals read from the top to the bottom- CHARADE. My second of my first was falling, The sky was drear and cold, In a lonely cottage sat a woman, Wrinkled and worn and old. She murmur'd, "' Of my life I'm weary, And I will strive no more, For I have not one soul to care for me, Nothing to struggle for. I'll end it now. Heaven pardon me !" she cried, So saying she devour'd my whole and died.