THE RIDDLER. 1
Thc initials, centrals, and fina' lettéi s cf thocrots word», lead downwards ionu other wjicu FOUNDATION' WORDS. My primatı name an animal ïlïai's found wild and imtamcaljlo On tlio great and boundless prati o i Jn America's " Far West ' It won't stand any humbugging, For it's Al at.hugging, And when it once does catch you, J t always comes oil '' Lest." Tho ctnlralt you will see Каше a sum in geometry ; 1Í you will just stretch tbo circle, You seon its camo will greet, It also is a place Whero athletics sometimes race ; And where our famous cricketers Do very ofien mset. Jhcjhmls—riddk. all¬ earne a thing; that's very small ii nt tho' it is so little J t is prized by all the naticn, For if it has small worth, If you placo it in the earth. Уои ьооп will see that fiora it spinge Our beauteous vegetation. CROSS WOUDS. Upon your feet my firth arc seen, Oí various shapes ancl sues That human hand, and human skill, And human brain devises. Δ word that mpans to lift or raise My next will surely be ; It tcveu lelt-rs does possess, And sums and ends with E. Uly third's a stone that's often found 'beside the distant ocean, That seethes and roars tho whola day leng, And makes perpetual motion. When wo are last we're apt to say Things that we do not mean ; Ani often when we've uttered them, We wish them back again. Nemo and Ca. Ira. NARRATIVI)! DECAPITATION. I sing in praise of girls (that's Homer's style), In other words, I mean to say I'll writo ; (For singing doesn" seom to fit mo quite, My A's aro liko the warblings of a file. But yet I think my tenor voice will charm Those darling maids who constantly aro bringing Their winning smiles to work me mental harm). However, to proceed, sir, with my ringing. I sing in praise of girls -(dear Ed., Τ ciava The sigh and sympathies you oft have bhown ; In strictest secrecy I'd have it known My heart once to a pretty niiss J gii've. She said sho loved ше truo, I thought so then,
But ah ! she, like all girls, was enterprising, She left me for a f о low " five-foot-ten," Alas !)—but to continue vocalising. ! singin praise of girls—(dear Ed'., you know That girls are fair and false, from Hbmcr's Helea To modam dames the bards aie constant telling How faithless misses cause Utopian woe). But I to stern the angry bards' rebuff Will praise the ladies in my limping rhyme? However, as you think I've said enough, I'll leave the einging till somo other time. Go.nkenede, 3. SQUARE WORD. Fust isa bird, agenţie thing; Second is not square. Ibitd implies " profit to bring'1 /OiDí/í's a mensuro, compasting Well, something that will tear. Alpua л.\ь Oiir.OA. HIDDEN RIVER3. 1. I have just come from Edward, and I founl bini unwell. 2 That rent is too high t I must find a house with a smaller one attached to it. 3. If our well were full of water, 1 world immerse your cur instantly, and drown the wretch. 4 After all this striving and argument, you see tliat you are in the wrong. b. I received distinct instruction* to sever none υ( thebaui«, and 1 will not, whatever you may do or say I -τ- Ifc DECAPITATION. Young Tommy started off to school. Wis.tirsi upon his back ; But Tommy did not keep the rule, So stayed to play with Jack. But when he got to school thut day, It made the teacher vexed Because he stayed away to play, Which caused him to be nul. It. WuCD WORD SQUARE. I am computed of three words of three letters each. My first is u domestic animal, hard lo teach. My seconU is я very small ligure. My (/«uti yuu say on a stormy day, With the raindrops getting bigger H. E. Fnoli&ii. Anewere to Last Week's Riddles. I Hair —Air. 2 The пин puC on lhe C0»t wllh s bruîh. It Wis α coat of paint 1 ■{ L-..y, Buy. 4 The Eye 5. The Leiter A