THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture Questions set in the March number were those of PRISCILLA TOWNSEND, Towerhurst, Shipley, to whom a prize of ios. 6d. is awarded, and Tom KERR, Rosenheim, Inverness, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions:- I. Quote three passages which show that long life was greatly desired by the ancient IHebrews. 2. Where and in what connection are the following words used: " By me thy days shall be multiplied, and the years of thy life shall be increased " ? 3. Quote any examples from the Bible in which a sai ltly life was followed by an honoured old age. Give in your own words any traditions you have read about the old age of St. John the Evangelist. II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles set in our March number were those of EDGAR RICHARDS, 3, North Terrace, Seaham I-Iarbour, to whom a prize of los. 6d. is awarded, and ETHEL R. HUNT, Budbrooke Vicarage, Warwick, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles :- RIDDLE. I am water, yet made of hard metal; a season, and a help in measuring seasons ; made a part of a tree and of a whole sapling; and where the fawn leaps there am I. CHARADE. When whole, the whole of men I am, Men still with head bereft; Curtailed again, it is no sham, The whole of me is left. NUMERICAL ENIGMA. I am composed of fifteen letters, and am a pretty spring flower. My 15-12-8-9-2 is a sweet substance. My I 3-14-1I is what clothes are washed in. My 10-3-4-5 is sometimes used in making fences. My 1-6-7 is used in making pans.
ENIGMAS. My first is in evil, but not in good ; My second in bonnet, but not in hood ; My third is in arrow, but not in bow ; My fourth is in robin, but not in crow; My fifth is in summer, but not in the fall; My sixth is in stutter, but not in drawl; My whole was a Frenchman, a painter of fame, His birthday June 3oth; now what is his name ? My first is in jug, but not in bottle; My second is in valve, but not in throttle; My third is in pine, but not in oak; My fourth is in fun, but not in joke; My fifth is in naughty, but not in good ; My sixth is in breakfast, but not in food; My seventh is in trays, but not in dishes; My whole is a time to exchange good wishes. FISH PUZZLE. Each of the following puzzles may be answered by the name of a fish. I. A consonant, and to dissolve. 2. A farm animal, a consonant, and part of a drum. 3. A girl's toy, and part of a fish. 4. A boy's nickname, a pronoun, and a preposi- tion. 5. An apparatus for illuminating, and what it throws out. 6. Used for polishing silver. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The initials spell the name of a well-known poet born in 1759 ; the finals one of his poems. Cross words. (I) Uproar. (2) A lengthy musical composition. (3) Flower. (4) To resound. (5) Heedless. (6) Worthless matter. (7) A tropical fruit. (8) A fabulous animal often represented in heraldry. (9) Rebellion. (Io) A beginner. (II) To clean. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES, SET IN APRIL. Beheadings -Denis. Dream, Elate, Never, Irate, Small. Shunt, Harm, Erase, Mother, Abound, Narrow. Drop Letter Puzzle.-Malaga, Havana, Bahama, Caracas, Alabama. Double Acrostic.-Turkey, Greece, Thong, Uproar, Renegade, Kite, Epic, Tore. Fish Puzzle.-Perch, Pike, Trout, Sole, Herring, Shad(ow). C arade.-Doll. S n le Acrost.c.-Christabel. China, Hot, Ruby, Iris, Sea, Tea, Apricot, Belgium, Edmund, Liverpool. RULES. (I) Answers to the Scripture questions and solutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by May Loth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOtME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside, " Childr-en's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are chlgible for the competitions.