THE PUZZLER. 559.-CHARADES.
1. —Inside the cosy parlour at the " Mill," Two lads (I'll designate them Tom and Bill) Sat list'ning to the yarns a sailor spun ; Some were of perils great, some full of fun. Often in foreign countries he had been, And many were the wonders he had seen ; But now at home he had resolved to keep. Having spent forty years upon the deep. > So when, at last, they parted for the night, Their youthful hearts were filled with wild de¬ light; Visions of riches floated through their brain, And oft they went to hear his tales again. Said Tom to Bill, one day : " Will vou agree 1 To seek your fortune far away with me ? This sailor's yarns have made me wish to go And visit other lands. Say · yes ' or ' no.'¥' " Capital thought, indeed," said Bill, "that we Should look for gold and lasts across the sea. When shall we start P If* you can name the day, I'll be in readiness to go away." ■ Thus, being of one mind, they quickly found A ship that to Australia was bound ; And, taking passage in the " Golden Horn," * Across the ocean to the mines were borne. The necessary tools were then soon bought, And eagerly each day for gold they sought— Scanning eaoh first of earth with longing eyes That they dug through whilst searching for a prize. At length, as a reward for ardent toil, Tom saw some bright specks in the soil ; " Hurrah !" cried he ; " what is it I behold ?" 'Twas nothing more or less than shining gold. He, wishing not one atom small of dust to lose, Went to Lis friend, and told the joyful news ; Together then they worked with all their might, To bring more auric particles to light. With pickaxe and with spade they laboured on This fertile spot that they had hit upon ; Deeper they delved into the sandy ground, Ana numerous lumps of golden metal found. But through the fields reports soon got about A fruitful first these two lads had found out; And, envious of their fortune, a deep plot Was laid to rob them of their hard-earned lot. Whilst waiting at the store, Bill chanced to hear The discourse of some ruffians, standing near, Who thought to come and take them by surprise When all in slumber deep had closed their eyes. Thus, being cognizant of their intent, To find his helpmate Tom, Bill straightway went ; How cruel men would come by night, he told, And steal away from them their treasured gold. "Whole we must use," said he, "and haste away, For 'tis no longer safe for us to stay ; And whole is needed, or they'll surely guess Our plan, and thus will cause us much distress." All preparation they made for a stait, And very soon were ready to depart; Leaving when it was dark, so none might trace That Melbourne was to be their halting-place. Arriving there, they learnt a ship would sail For England in a fortnight, without fail. t Arrangements then were made to go on board, When she had for a voyage been fitly stored. Success had crowned their efforts, and once more They stood in safety on their native shore. But there are many ne'er return, I know, Who to a foreign land for fortunes go. B. G. Bentham. 2. — In many a foreign clime I've been ; I've fearless sailed o'er many a sea ; No spot of land have I yet seen, Loved last of first, can equal thee. I've paced the deck in many a storm, And listened to the wild waves' roar, Yet never felt the least alarm— My thoughts were on my native shore. I've bask'd beneath an Indian sun, In Afrio's jungle I have trod ; I've mixed in revelry and fun, Yet ne'er forgot my native sod., I've been to Greece and Italy, I've been in Venice and in Borne, But yet no charms had they for me— I always long'd to be at home. Beloved spot, while I have breath I'll praise thee with my heart and soul, And when I close my eyes in death, I trust 'twill be mtb.ee, my whole. Т. Наьь. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. Ш. *** For answers to Puzzler in No, 122, please see preceding page.