The Riddler. 1. In 1, 3, 4 many men gret slain. My meat when it's 4, 3,1 wants cooking. My 5, 3, 4 is the very opposite to near. My 2, 6, 4 is the feminine of "him." My 1, 2, 3, 4. 5 ia the place to unload ships. And my whole is a word of six letters, and is the name of a river in Yorkshire. John Wm. Helps. 2. LETTER CHARADE. My first is in cold, but not in warm, My second is in gale, but not in storm, My third is in chair, but nofc in form, My fourth is in copper, but not in tin, My fifth is in smile, but not in grin, Mv sixth is in bite, but not in sting, My seventh in clover will appear, My eighth you'll find is always in fear, My whole is one of the months of the year. T. E. P. Peters. 3. SQUARE WORD. My first is a word of letters four, Means contrary of sad and nothing more, My second helps to keep on your boots, My third to the height of perfection shoots, In the lawyer's office my fourth you'll find ; Now work away, riddlers kind. E. W. Steven. 4 ENIGMA. I ban till I got it ; I picked ifc up to look for it ; I could not find it, so I threw it down and ran off with it. Frederick Frost. 5. CURTAILMENT. Men used to booze and go home tight, It never happens now ! While some would e'en stay oub all night. Ifc never happens now ! And if a man was " in the know," To all the races he would go, His vast importance there to show ; It never happens now ! С Men used to go to " uncle's " shop ; It never happens now ! Their first belongings there to " pop ; " It never happens now ! But soon in drink they'd spend the lot, Imbibing freely from the pot, Or taking " threes " of whisky hot ; It never happens now ! Some wretches used their wives to beat ; It never happens now ! While some would turn them in the street ; It never happens now ! And when with someone else they'd flirt, Protecting her from harm and hurt, Their own wives they would treat like dirt ; It never happens now I
Wives from their husbands would elope ; It never happens now ! They'd leave them in the lurch to mope : Ifc never happens now ! Men used for cash to box and last ; While some on girls their eyes would cast, And then they'd "carry on " too fast. It never happens now ! Franci« P. Gcignon. 6. REVERSIONS. In every house my first you see, By children it is used the moat ; 'Tis used at breakfast and at tea, And on the dresser holds a post. King3, queens, and slaves all have my last, In each one's mouth alike 'tis seen ; And yet it's used for sticking fast, You'll find it very soon, I ween. Francis P. Guignon. 7. My whole is a word of three letters, And is a town in India's name ; Reverse me, and you will find That I am still the same. John Wright, 8. Ip you reverse a university town, 'Twill leave a mark you'll surely own. 9. CURTAILMENT. I'm a magistrate when whole, you'll see, Curtail, and an Irish province I'll bn ; Curtail again, and there'll quickly appear One of the nicest months of the year. 10. CHARADE. If up in a balloon you have ever been, My first is a thing you must have seen ; Upon the air you quickly second ; But where you went could not be reckoned. In ships either inward or outward bound, My whole in the hold is generally found. 11. DECAPITATION. Whole I'm a very common thing, Recollections of schooldays to you I bring, Behead me, I'm what you should never be, Especially when unprovided with a latch-key ; Behead me again, and you will find I'm what has been done by creatures of all kind ; Curtail me now, and in me behold A little English word ; now all is told. E. W, Steven, Answers to Last Week's Kiddies. 1. The phonographic sign for " phonography." phone (voice), tele-phone. 2. A decaying tooth. 3. House, ouse, use. 4. Barrow, arrow. 5. Gladstone, Churchill, Beaconsfield. Thumb-biting as an insult has nofc been sufficiently explained. Decker, Shakespeare, Lodge, and Randolph refer to it, but there is no positive evidence as to the mode in which this thumb-biting was performed. Cotgase considers thumb-biting synonymous with the French, " faire la nique, to mocke by nodding or lifting up of the chine ; or, more properly, to threaten or defio by putting thumbe naile into the mouth, and, with a jerke (from the upper teeth), make ifc to kracke." Faire la nique is still common among the French as a pantomimic gesture, signifying something of no value ; and possibly some such expression as " you are not worth—" originally preceded thumb-biting, a conjecture which would easily account for the insulting meaning attached to this gesture. The follow¬ ing passage in Lodge's "Wits' Miseries," " Behold, must I see contempt marching forth, giving me the fico with his thumbe in his mouthe," supports this view.