THE PUZZLER. 48Í.-ENIGMA.
Hb brought me forth from where I'd lain For many a year. I seemed to give him sudden pain : He dropped a tear For her who slept beneath the clay, His lovely bride, long passed away, Whom he loved dear. The barge that o'er the water glides, And safe does steer ; Through me, perhaps, she often rides, Her port to near. She smoothly sails along a sea, Whose greatest waves are caused by me, But none to fear. Now come we to tbe crowded town, And there you'll see .— The palace to the cottage down Are watched by me. I never eat, nor drink, nor sleep, Tet from the eager thief I keep His longed-for prey. John Scott. 482.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Erin, where Nature wears her happiest smile, Sad news we hear again from thy fair isle Of barbarous and cruel acts. Indeed, One's loath to take the paper up to read. Alas ! that deeds so foul should mar thy fame— A land that once could boast so pure a name ; Root out those evil passions from thy breast- Let's hear no more of these, but in contentment rest. 1. An Asiatic city I would dearly love to visit ; It stands upon eight hills ; You cannot fail to guess it. 2. In Servia's province, I believe, This little town you'll find j The Turks defeated Germans here In seventeen thirty-nine. 8. Some first-rate tales of prison life Come from this author's pen ; 4. And here I've often sat and read Them o'er and o'er again. 5. This little isle, if you're inclined, Among the Hebrides you'll find. 6. Toiling and striving, Puzzles contriving Until they make my head ache. I to bed go for rest, I turn and I twist— 'Tis this that keeps me awake. 7. Oh ! power Omnipotent ! in this we stand And view the works of thy Almighty hand. 8. Many a time I've stood and watched them Skimming o'er the seas ; Sails all set, and always steering Dead against the breeze. T. Hall. 483.—TRIPLE ACROSTICS. 1,—The first two rows will put you on the scent Of something in the G. J. Supplement ; And by the finals it is more than hinted In which division you will find it printed. 1. The man who calls for rates and taxes, Till warm the tenant's temper waxes. 2. Write this : " Old ale of triple strength," Not to exceed nine letters' length. 3. All things of copper, brass, or tin Are this. Please don't put both IVe in. 4. A youth who in this trade may settle Will work on rather ductile metal. 5. A celebrated hill in Rome, Of heroes formerly the home. 6. This insect's bite, in days of old, Was heal'd by music, we are told. 7. A verb, whose meaning will imply To dwell in, or to occupy. 8. Reversed, the present month 'tis, clearly, Yet sometimes 'tis a moment merely. 9. A famous architect was he Whose Christian name in this we see. 10. These two words mean the boundless deep, Whose waves the shores of all lands sweep. 11. A sorceress, or a lady fair With charms and fascinations rare. T. W. Вдкке. 2.— These letters, when combined aright (The primais and the finals down, The centrals up), will bring to sight Three persons of G. J. renown. Their contributions gained them fame- Now please discover eaoh one's name. 1. A cloak or cover, pall, or screen ; 2. By admonition this doth mean To fix upon the mind. 3. Affecting to have pensive ways ; 4. Essential this has been always, Important, too, you'll find. 5. A workman, artisan, or both ; 6. This means exuberant in growth, Describes а rich repast. 7. When actors first a part have played Upon the stage, they then have made My seventh and my last. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 109. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 97, please see preceding page.