THE PUZZLER.
420.-CHARADES. 1.—Men prate of worldly wealth and fame« And boast ct honours high and great, Speak loudly of a noble name, Unsullied by the pomps of state ; But though by gold men win a goal, More joy is met with in my whole. Oo, boast of gold and jewels rare, Of all the gems that wealth could buy—· What bring they but corroding core P What pleasures to the tear-dewed eye * Within my first more pleasure's found Than oft where gold and gems abound. ' Oh, charming first t—ob, happiest next ! Oh, sweetest, dearest, loveliest whole I No sorrow there my heart e'er vexed- No foolish pomps e'er palled my soul; But free from fashion's tinsel gleam, I lived as in а blissful dream. How deftly twined the woodbine there. With rose and honeysuckle sweet ! Round first, round next, round whole so fair, Where many a bird found safe retreat. Full many a gloom must cloud my soul Ere I forget thee, well-loved whole 1 T. O'Flanagan. 2,— Encompassed by lofty monntains, Whose sides were wooded well, On whose tops were sparkling fountains, There was a little dell. Tbe trees that reared their beads on higb, As if to kiss the azure sky, Added solemness to tbe scene ; Wbile their boughs, with rare blossoms bent. Through the cool air a fragrance sent. And o'er the smiling green. Slow walking througb that fairy place« With hearts all free from care, Was Charles and bis lovely Grace— The fairest of tbe fair. Arriving at their pretty bowers, Surrounded by the fairest flowers, She pointed to the violets blue— " Go, bring me second of tbat flower, And place it here within my bower, And first I'll then give you." Charles sprang from his loved one's side, With a new feeling in his soul, And in her ear with passion cried, " I can't refuse : you are so whole !" Aueoea. 3.— * Upon a burning mountain top, ""* From wbence, with heavy smell, My whole proceeds, yet cannot stop, So horrid, foul, and fell. The fiery breath that circles round The crater's rugged first, On which, witb an appalling sound, My second's often burnt. Without my whole a different scene At Woerth and Waterloo had been. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 421.—ENIGMA. \ (Reply m Musical Notation.) Etes of blue, so brightly glancing, Tiny feet so lightly dancing ; Joyousness was round thee floating, And tbis heart was on thee doating, Adaline—Adaline ! Piquant, charming love of mine, My merry, bappy Adaline ! Little teeth of pearly whiteness, Pouting lips of cherry brightness. Thy soft laugh was full of gladness— Thy young heart knew not of sadness, Adaline—Adaline ! Best and dearest love of mine, My own, my merry Adaline ! Now tbose lips are closed for ever ; I shall press them never—never ; As my silent watch I'm keeping, Cold and still alone she's sleeping, Adaline—Adaline ! Fair and gentle love of mine, , Where is my little Adaline ? M. Mellett. 422.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Is't rowing P—is't racing ? Is't feast, or is't fair ? Or is it the birthday Of bis lordship's heir That those folk are gathered In holiday dress P No, no—it is neither : You'll find it is tbis :— 1. He first betrayed her, then he fled, And she became tbis one, 'tis said. 2. The person wbo told me the same Told me likewise this was her name ; 8. And when he told the tale to me, In this tbe last one you will see. Jas. Whittaker. Tbe answers to Puzzler in tbis number will appear in No. 91. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 79, please see preceding page.