The 'Riddler.
1. CHARADE. Doctor MacPhysic was sitting one day. Absorbed on some medical puzzles, He knew hydrophobia still held the sway, And that dogs still careered without muzzles, For the doctor one day had boen stopped by a dog, Whose aspects were truly alarming ; Indeed, the poor doctor was quite in a fog, And endeavoured that dog to be calming.
But the obstinate puppy, with many a growl- Persisted liis teeth in displaying, As ho made known the fact by a nerve-shaking howl, He'd keep poer MacPhyeio sfcill staying. Tho calf of the doctor stood temptingly near, Snap eyed it with great satisfaction ; To tifiľčt the poor doctor held fast in his fear, As ho stood ou the vorgo of distraction. MacPhysic, who folfc his position was bad, Kept up a continual sighing, For ho felt that the mongrel's condition was sad, And ho knew that his calf ho was eyeing. A next though he was, yet he felfc sore afraid, Sad visions of madness came o'er him ; Ho wished that the puppy would vanish or fade, And then 'twould not bo there to bore him. Aií*7¡o?c caino along with a bag on his back, And soon the physician was helping ; lie hit that poor puppy a terrible crack, Who, disgusted, retired, loudly yelping. Yet Doctor MacPhysic no phjsic has found, And degs still career without muzzles ; The saddest of maladies still does abound, The hardest of medical puzzles. J. Nash. 2. NUMERICAL TRANSPOSITION. My whole men often have endured When they religions false would spurn, And some have felfc it while immured Because they would nofc traitors turn. My 156. For this you must a number find. ,, 725. A very heavy weight 'twill be. ,, 3245. A well-known city bring to mind. ,, 7561. A small pavilion you will sec. ,, 35G7. We pay this for the lease of land. ,, 735GJ-. A river which in England lies. ,, 45. This is myself, I understand. ,, 4275. We often have this in our eyes. ., G542. A riddler's nom de plume 'twill show ,, 450. I hope we'll all be this, I'm sure. ,, 123G. Our coats are often this, I know. But now I'll stop, and say no more. Francis P. Guicnon. 3. ENIGMA. I'm fouud ia the house, I'm found in the street-, Wherever you go you're sure mo to meet; I'm sometimes good and sometimes bad, I'm very cheap, and can always be had ; Without my aid no song could be sung, I'm needful alike to old and young ; I'm always in use by the animal raco, And without me the writer these lines could not trace. d, DECAPITATION My whole's what wo do when bashful wo get, And what some clothes do when they have got wet j Behead me twice, and you will sec, A place for skaters I Ehall be ; Behead me, reader, once again, A useful black liquid will remain. 5. SQUARE WORD. 1. A famous town in fair Italia's land, Thafc erst tho world held in her own hand. 2. " Why, there's tho postman at the gardan gate," "Second the door. Dear mo, he's dreadfully late." 3. Third is a kind of wine the Saxons drank, If you my answer guess, then you I'll thank. 4. " Boys/' said the teacher, mid silenco pro¬ found, " The world has no last, 'tis completely round." K. Armstrong.
G, ENIGMAS, My friend and me from home did part, He had some yards of me the start ; Wo ran a hundred miles or more, And still ho kept thafc space beforo, Nor more or loss, wo all agree, Though he ran twice as fast; as mo ! Tell mo then, what, this end did cause— That I no further beaten was. AV. P. 7. I am a word of letter« seven, I'm sinful in the sight of heaven, To every virtue I'm opposed, Man's weary life I've often closed. If to you you prefix two letters more, I moan exactly what I meant before. W. P. 8. DECAPITATION. My whole is what you all should be, You'd mako me îr, if you hit me. Behead me, and you're sure to find, A place of barter will como to mind j Again behead, and then you'll see I'll a thing of talent and genius be. 9. LETTER CHARADE. My first is in apple, also iu pear, My second is in landing, not in stair, My third is in catching, not in caught, My fourth is in buying, not in bought, ìly fifth is in cap, nofc in hat, My Kixth is iu dog, not in cat, My serenili İ3 in found, not in losfc, My eighth ia in Marguerite, not in Faust, My ninth is in bayonet, not ia lance, My whole's a battìo fought betweeiiEngland anel France. Answers to bast Week's Kiddles. 1. Live, Evil. 2. Found, Fond. 3. Here, Ero. 4. Glory—Happy, thus ; Goldsmifcll, LaurA, Outstrip, RaP, YesfcerdaY. G. Seasonable. G. Just—Ice. 7. Loop-pool-loo. 8. Wolfo, ¡thus : Winter, Omnipotent, Luke, Fairy, England. 9. Jack-ass. 10. The letter I. 11. Glad-stone. SONNET. To-morrow, at the dawn, when earth look; ga7) I will go forth (for thou wilfc watch for me) s By mountain and by foresfc take ray way. I cannot, cannot longer stay from thee ! I will walk on—my eyes are wifch my thought, And nothing else will either hear or see— Alone, unknown, bowed down and over¬ wrought, So sad thafc daylight like the nighfc shall bo I shall nofc see tho golden sky at eve, Nor the white saiİ3 that wander on the sea ; And on fchy tomb my offering I will leave, The holly and tlic heath 1 brought for thee! The speod on tho Great Northern lino between London and Scotland of the 10 a.m. down express, known as the "Flying Scotch¬ man," is 50 miles per hour, but it is by no means tho fastest of the company's expresses. For instance, tho Manchester express, which leaves King's Cross at 2 p.m., runs from King's Cross to Grantham in two hours, or afc a rate of 52J* miles per hour. The up Man¬ chester express, due to arrive at King's Cross at G.15 p.m., runs at a speed of 53^ miles per hour as between Grantham and London.
ACADEMY SCANDALS. In 1805 Benjamin West was driven to re¬ sign the Presidency by the illiberal treatment he received from several of the Academicians, bocause during a visit to Paris to examine the spoils collected in the Louvre he had dared to express his admiration for Napoleon. In Eng¬ land in 1805 that was the unpardonable sin; and West resigned ; ho was succeeded by Wyatt ; but West was shortly afterwards re¬ instated, the only opposition coming from Fuseli, who voted for Mrs. Moser for Presi¬ dent, on the ground that "one old woman was as good as another." Fuseli, it may be re¬ membered, was the only Academician who had courage enough to vote for George Henry Harlowe, when he was a candidate for the Associateskip in 1805. But he took care to explain that his vote was " not for the man, but for the talent." Of the treatment ex¬ perienced by Benjamin Robert Haydon at the hands of the Academicians we have heard in his evidence before the Committee of the House of Commons in 1835, The quarrel originated in 1808, when Haydon's " Dentatus " was badly hung ; and tho disappointed painter at once· commenced a campaign of denunciation which he continued until his death by his own hand nearly forty years later. The absurdity of Haydon's statement that the R.A.'s were afraid of him because he was a greater his¬ torical painter than any of them, is obvious. When he said that the Academy constantly exerted itself to depress the arts, he was on much less debatable ground. His mind very early lost its balance, and perhaps not even success would have restored it, since naught can "minister to a mind diseased." Tho Academicians seem, at least in some regards, to have learned wisdom by experience, and during the lasfc half-century their internal quarrels have been feAver and less acrid than they were during the first fifty years of their corporate existence. In more recent times they have devoted their energies to an en¬ deavour first to crush the Pre-Raphaelites (with such conspicuous success!), and since to eliminate from their exhibitions all but the smug and the "exquisitely pretty."—J.Penderei- Brodhurst, in the Magazine of Art for October. A NICE FIX. He had thrown himself into an easy chair in the club, and lay thsre with one hand on his forehead and an open letter in the other. " What's the matter—sick ?" " Yes." " Come and take a drink." " No, thanks ; had enough. Say, stick a pin into me, won't you ?" "What for?" " Just tosee if I'm awake." "You're all right." " Read this. And he handed over the letter, which read : " My Darling Jack,—Mamma told me she met you this morning. I am so glad you're back from Adelaide. Why, why did you not write me a line ? Como up just as soon as you can. I am longing to embrace you.— irour own, Jane," " That's very pleasant." " Yes, but who is it ?'' " Don'fc you know ? I don'fc." " I met Mrs.------to-day—by Jove ! -it's her elaughter. I say, whafc can this be ? Come to think of it, I met tho old man, too, and both of them wero effusive and said they ex¬ pected me up to-night. Hush! here's her eousin." And the cousin came up. " Hullo, Jack ! Back again ? You left Mrs. 's reception thafc night two weeks ago so suddenly I did not have time to speak to you, •Jennie told us the news when she got home, and, I assure you, we're all glad". You're going up to-night, aren't you? She's been wild for two weeks because you never wrote a line." w r m t e l b M f w t f d M d y o m M t w
" Yes, yes. I'll be there to-night. They're all well." Then he ruahed off and covered himself over with a newspaper, and it gradually came to him that in a burst of champagne enthu¬ siasm he had proposed to Jennie in fche corner of a secluded drawing-room at that re¬ ception, and thero is no way out of h until ho can get an excuse to quarrel with her and break ifc off. THE CUCKOO AND ITS YOUNG. The breeding habits of this curious bird are most interesting. As is well known of tho hen bird, ifc nover makes its own nesfc, bufc ifc is believed that during ifcs stay in Europe it lays altogether about eight eggs, ail of which are deposited in the nest of somo other bird. The variation in the colour of the cuckoo egg is very great, from a white speckled egg liko that of the water wagtail, or the dark-brown mottled egg of a lark or pipit, to the blue egg of tho hedge sparrow ; while Mr. Dresser states that he has seen even green eggs, and is of opinion that the same female will lay similarly coloured eggs. The researches of ornithologists during recent years sufficiently prove thafc the female cuckoo lays her egg upon the ground, and then deposits it in the nest of a bird whose egg resembles the one she has just laid ; hence it is probable that a hen cuckoo killed wuth a broken egg in its mouth is the rightful owner of the latter, and has not been sucking the eggs of some other bird, as the species is often supposed to do. The writer has on many occasions found Cuckoo's eggs in. the nest of the wrater wag¬ tail in Berkshire, the latter bird being fre¬ quently selected by the cuckoo as her victim ; and he can affirm that the eggs wero in all cases similar to those of the wagtail, bufc were a little larger in size. In due time the young cuckoo is hatched, the rightful owners of the nest ejected, and for weeks tho powers of the unhappy foster- parents are exercised to the utmost in feeding tlie gaping and constantly-complaining occu¬ pant of their domain. Even when the young cuckoo has outgrown the nesfc, and is strong enough to fly about, he is still attended by his foster parents ; anci so strong is the instinct of the young cuckoo to receive food from other bird.-i, that a story is told of a specimen in the Zoological Gardens which managed to live through the winter, and put on his full plumage in fche following spring, when, on the appearance of a hedge sparrow in the same aviary, the cuckoo fluttered down, and with drooping wings and open bill solicited food from his small companion. A late judge, whoso personal appearance was as unprepossessing as his legal knowledge was profound and his intellect keen, inter¬ rupted a female witness : " Humbugged you, my good woman. What do you mean by that ?" said ho, sternly. " Well," my lord," replied tho woman, "I don't know how to explain ifc exactly, but if a girl called your lordship a handsome man, she would be hum¬ bugging you." Mrs. Minx : " I think ifc is too bad, Mr. Minx ! Why can't a man bo as considerate for his wife a few years after marriage as he was before ? But I suppose ifc is too much to expect ; men are all alike, and care only for themselves." Mr. Minks : " Really, my dear, I don't know whafc you are driving at." Mrs. Minx : "Oh, no, of course not. You don'fc even know that this is my birthday, and yet only a few years ago the date was engraven on your hearfc, and you never failed to give me a present. Why didn't you do so to-day ?" Mr, Minx : " Because, my dear, I did not wish- to remind you of the painful fact that you were a year older."