THE PUZZLER.
9. 10. 208— ENIGMA. Where the music sounds the sweetest, In the lovely, sweet refrain ; Whero the whirlwind whirls the swiftest, Tliere I'm sure to he again. On the ground, with limbs much broken, When the scaffold's strength was spent; Comrades gathered round a brother, Mourning o'er the accident. Once, alas í 'twas found in Eden, Where abode both truth and love ; Nay, but more, 'twas found in heaven, In those blissful realms above. When the fruitful corn is golden, Then the trees my presence see : Hail, nor snow, nor rain without me, Nor the stream meet with the sea. Sometimes men in highest station Find their pride I ne'er forsake ; Nobles, banks, e'en thrones and empires, Oft of me sad knowledge take. J. Summeks. 209— CHARADE. " Sthanoee, ' ' said the captive, " I feel that lam dying— Oh, where have the eagles of liberty flown ? When the foe in my first on our people came flying On the steeds of oppression to trample them down, " They fought and they bled with heroic devotion In defence of their second, and what have they won ? Scattered and toss'd like a wreck of the ocean, Strewn like the sheaves when the harvest is done. " My vision grows dim as I gaze on the slaughter Of heroes that fell and left never a stain ; Fo;· freedom or death was the end that they fought for, And full well ye know that they fought not in vain. " They were free—ay, as free as yon mountain-stream's ripple— As happy and free as its snowy-capped wave ; Then farewell, my total, and farewell, my people, For death is more welcome than life as a slave I" They have made him a grave 'neath the shade of yon willow, That hangs its aged head by yon murmuring rill, Where, silent in death on his cold, clayey pillow, The form of a hero lies silent and still. But a glorious day to my total is nearing, For a hero has risen, oppression to quell ; And the ensign of freedom once more is upheaving, Her bright shining folds o'er the spot where he fell. William Aitken (Som, Ayrshire). 210.—LOGOGRIPH. Many a man in history, As we have often read, Was guilty of what this will name, And forfeited his head. Beheaded now, e'en look again, For here a word you'll see : He was bereft of it, or, sure, Thus guilty he'd not be. Beheaded thrice, here now appears What in life was all his joy : The felon's youngest, dearest one— A smiling, bright-eyed boy. He, in his turn, too, behead The last of all his race, ■ A preposition then is named, Which here in finis place. R. W. Clarke. 211.—POETICAL QUERIES. Selected by H. E. Snewin, Worthing. Who are the authors of the following ?— 1.— " The stately homes of England, How beautiful they stand !" 2.— " The sea, the sea, the open sea— The blue, the fresh, the ever free ί" 3.—" Sound the loud timbrel o'er Egypt's dark sea ! Jehovah hath triumphed—His people are free !" 4.— " Time flies ; it is his melancholy task To bring and bear away delusive hopes.' 5.— 6.— 1 Not yet enslaved, nor wholly vile, О Albion—О my mother isle !" " Work—work, my boy ; be not afraid ; Look labour boldly in the face." 7.— " All are architects of fate, Working in these walls of time." 8.—" A hundred fathoms, one and all, below the earth we dwell, We never know the daylight's glow that others love so well." 212.-DOUBLE ANAGRAMS. ■· (A life chains me ; ' \ Fancies, hail me. о С Bother your set ; k, ' X They're to rob us. о г Г Who will trim a sword ? ' · X Law with mild sorrow. 4 | Ice, warm pillow ; ' X Come, I will wrap. e f О, smooth ream ; °' X Stammer, О, O, Oh ! g ( Send fondly near ; * X Fled on ten yarns. T. W. Baker. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 36. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 26, please see pre¬ ceding page.