The Riddler. ■ 1. MONOPIIONE.
2. DECAPITATIONS. Now, last, Kole owner of my heart, Thou perfect type of maiden beauty, Let's have a,first before we part, Fov soon 1 muât away to duty. IľjlANCIS Г. G UIC NON. 3. Whole, I'm what all studious boya should attend ; 'Tis an excellent way their evenings to spend ; For if you should wish a good situation 'Tis needfal you get a good education. Now ot my whole enough has been said, Thert?«ore if me yon at once behead, The «Scotch word f«>r girl now quickly behold (And excuse me if I seem rather bold) ; But if with Scotch language you're not acquaint, Give up this riddle, aad bear defeat like a saint. Now, cruel reader, behead me again ; You now are me, and that's very plain— Thafc is, if the answer you cannot find our, For 'tis very easy ; of thafc there's no doubt. Now you will think thafc I am done, But not yefc to the end lias this riddle been spun ; For if you carefully curtail me, A little English word leffc will be. From beheading aud curtailing I'm in very great pain ; Therefore I hope you'll make me whole again. O. W. Steven. 4. LETTER CHARADE. My first is in sob, My second's in 1мЬ, And my third is always in you ; My fourth is in sea, My fifth's in decree, And my sixth is in hammer or plough, Let me claim your attention, my friendo, for a time, «f usfc as I always do, For I'm going to tire you witli more of my rhyme, Just as I always do. 'Twill nofc be too solenni, 'twill nofc be too gay, But rather between, and friends, this let me say, I'll tell you tho tale in my own little way, Just as I always do. · One day in the first, I went oufc for a stroll, Just as í always do. And while walking, to poetry gave heart and soul, Just as I always do. When floating along carne the strains of a fiuto, I stopped short, and listened, enraptured and mute, But quickly I put on a look so astute, Just as I always do. The player I eyed with an air of disdain, Just as I always do. I said I'd play botter, and tried to look vain, «Just as I always do. Says I, '; Mister player, you think yourself fly, But would you object fco me having a try?" He answered, "Oh, no;" then ¡I felt rather shy, Just as I always do. I grasped the flute firmly, and blew like " grim death," Just as I always do ; And kept on until I had hardly a breath, Just as I always do. When I'd finished, the owner was nofc to be seen ; The music (?) too much for his last nerves had baen ; So I collared the flut", and thoughb, "Some folks are ' green ;' " Just as I always do. F. P. Guignon.
My seventh's in camp, My eighth is in swamp, Where also my ninth can be found ; My tenth is in gain, My eleventh's in obtain, And my twelfth you will find on the ground. My thirteenth's in peer, My next is in hear, Ar.d my fifteenth you'll see in uphold ; My sixteenth's in pen, My last is in wren, And my whole should bo in your household. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Dear friends, the riddle which is balow, A famous river and city will show ; They form a centre for various exports, «So now, dear readers, tackle your thoughts. Cross Words. Now, shoemakers, this 'you'll surely know, An important article ifc will show. Next in the court is often taken, And oft by some it is forsaken. A pretty name then comes to view, Porhaps of a girl well liked by you ; Next is a weight, though very small, 'Tis used most at the chemist's stall. A river next I think you'll see, Which flows towards the great North «Sea. Last whafc is used in catching fish, Of which I now will have a dish ; So, friends, good-bye, wben I am done I'll see if I can spare a bone ! 6. REVERSION. My ichole is a word of three letters, And is an animal's name, Reverse me and you will find That I am still the tame. John "Wright. n I ■ CURTAILMENT. A county in Ireland, if you'll curtail A surname you'll have without fail. John Wright. S. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant firsfc you'll behold, And then something useful I'm told, Which İ8 used in war In lands near and far, By warriors both savage and bold. A name nexfc will meet your sight, Which, if I do speak aright, Ts known well by you, So the best we can do Is to wish him my next and good-night. Then there will come to your view Whafc the Comkadks is oft called by you ; What next you will see, . I hope you'll ne'er be, It has gofc long ears and ifc kicks, too. A consonant closes my war, So now I will have a cigar, But I wish my whole With heart and soul To this splendid journal. Hurrah