THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers received to the Scripture questions set in our November number were those of ARCHIE GLEN, Glenary, Cambuslang, N.B., to whom a prize of ios. 6d. is awarded, and GRACE ADAMES, 3, Crofts Lea Park, Ilfracombe, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions:- I. Which is the first prayer recorded ? 2. When was irreverence in the ministerial office punished with death? 3. Where are physicians first named? 4. Name some musical instruments mentioned in the Bible. II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The largest number of correct solutions to the puzzles set in our November number were those of THEODORA SPENCER, 4, Cromartie Road, Hornsey Rise, N., to whom a prize of ios. 6d. is awarded, and JEANNIE McDOWALL, Sunnyhill, Johnstone, N.B., who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles:-- PUZZLES. I am rough, I am smooth, I am wet, I am dry ; My station is low, but my title is high; The king my lawful master is; I'm used by all, though only his. I lived before the flood, yet still am young ; I speak all languages, yet have no tongue; In deserts I was bred ; I know no schools, Nor ever understood the grammar rules; Yet when the courtly gallant talks with me, As polished in discourse I am as he. CHARADE. My second wakes when by my first The birds are set a-singing, And with the echo of their joy The forest deep is ringing. My whole, a dainty, fragile thing, Braved wind, and wave, and tide; And now enshrined in history's page, It lives, a nation's pride.
ACROSTIC. The initials, read downwards, give the name of a once famous city in Africa. A famous Roman mother. Formerly the chief city of Latium. The founder of Rome. The seventh king of Rome. The great enemy of the Romans. Surname given to a great Roman conqueror. Two famous brothers. The land ruled by Pyrrhus. BIRD PUZZLE. A toy made of paper. A consonant and pale. The builder of St. Paul's Cathedral. A burning vowel. A consonant. Used in hunting in the fifteenth century. Part of a fence. A boy's name. A pronoun and a preposition. Part of a house and seen at the flood. A tailor's implement. To shrink with fear. A consonant and to waken. Used in chess. What we do when eating. On ships and a quarrel. A ringlet and a sheep. Heard on most farms. CONCEALED BIRDS. Your five fowls have all gone to roost, Richard. Oh ! Fernando, do not frighten my birds. Place the red over the gray to form a pleasing contrast. Faint the hollow murmur rings o'er meadow, lake, and stream. James wanted to go fishing last Friday. He travels both day and night; in gale and in sunshine. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN DECEMBER. Charades.-Eyelash. Newgate. Riddles.-I. Because it is a foul (fowl) proceeding towards Parliament. 2. Ten-ants. 3. Tree- mend-us (tremendous). 4. Because its capital is always doubling (Dublin). Buried Animals.-Llama, Bear, Gnu, Eland, Gayal, Panther, Onager, Camel. Enigmas.-I. Assassination. 2. Bargain. 3. Extra- ordinary. Buried Names -Nora, Ellen, Agnes, Edward, Dan, Arthur. RULES. (i) Answers to the Scripture questions and ..olutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by January roth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WoMrAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should "be marked on the outlst:d " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.