THE PUZZLER. 635.—CHARADE.
In days of old, When warriors bold To battle led the way, My first each daring soldier wore, v And vow'd he would, in love or war; Its honour bear away. And when the foe At last did show, The deadly next was plied, And many a gallant cavalier, Who for his country eutfer'd there, In vain for mercy cried. And of the war, When it was o'er, Full many a tale was told, Wherein my whole performed a part, And chill'd for aye the joyful heart Of some true knight and bold. E. J. Axton. 636.—ENIGMAS. 1.—1. Lazily riding on ocean's breast, Calm as the breath of holy peace. Soft as a zephyr's scented breeze, The wayward wind is lulľd to rest. The ships heave slow on the sapphire sea, And charms unfold to the watchful eye : Too soon—too soon these visions fly ! 2. Bound in the storm they try to flee, They're wrapt in a boiling gulf of spray, That roars and béats with thunder's sound- Far on the awful coast they bound, Till dashed to bits they are borne away. 3. Far, far down doth the deep sea moan, Blue as the deepest southern skies, While frowning heights defiant rise, Nor reck the storm from the cannon blown, 4. Nor whizzing trail of a stream of fire ; The lurid glare that lights the sky ' As the rushing slaves of death go by, That causing a death themselves, expire. 5. And down in the depth of the earth's domain The crystal vaults gleam dim and white, • · Like cloud-hid stars on a stormy night, And sound to the tune of the miner's strain As he hews away at the crumbling mass, 6. Built fair to see 'mid rosy beds, Uplifting rough though charming heads, And ever admired in the garden or glass. R. P. Roberts. 2. —I love the earth and the clayey sod, The garden's sweet domain ; The fresh green fields iu their brightest garb, And the welcome dripping rain. My form is small, but a wondrous size I grow in a lapse of time ; In all our lands do I live alike, And in every change of clime. The root of all that's green and fresh That springs from the teeming earth, And every good or wicked thought Obtained from me its birth. All lovely thoughts in the human mind, All vile and repulsive traits, Existence owe to my tiny form, That merits rebuke or praise. I have creative powers, and sway The fate of a budding life, Tho cherished hopes oî a parent's heart In the world's uncertain strife. \. myst'ry clings to my fragile form That baffles the skill of man ; Ihe deepest and keenest research falls short To unravel the wondrous plan. I rise above to a dreamy height, I bloom below on the lea, And in praising Nature's endless charms, You bestow the most on me. And your mind in wonder travels far 'Mid nature's intricate maze, And the part I hold in its mighty plan, Which the greatest mind doth daze. In human life we can daily view The eif ecte I work on all ; The good or bad is instilled by me : I've the fate of the great and small. R. P. Roberts. 637.-GRAM MATICAL CHARADE- » My 1, 9, 6, 7, 1, 10, and my 13, 6, 3,8, are nouns ; my 12, 5, and my 8, 2, 10, 11, are pronouns ; my 13, 10, 3, 3, 4, and my 9, 6, 5, 8, 4, are adjectives ; my 6, and my 6, 7, are articles ; my 1, 9, 6, 7, 8, and my 3, 12, 7, are verbs ; my 2,10, 3,10, and my 8, 9, 10, 3,10, are adverbs j my 6, 8, is a preposition ; my 6, 5, is a conjunction j my 6,2, is an interjection, and my whole is a noun, and is the name of a iiower. S. Rodrigues (Jamaica). %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 143, please see preceding page.