THE PUZZLER.
622.—GHARADE. It is a fact tbat Tom Thumb went Through old Dan Lambert's sleeve. And easily he might have ta'en His better-half, I b'lieve. Ibis Lambert was a man eo first, That half a dozen men Were in his waistcoat buttoned up, With room enough for ten. One day I told my sister Maude The tale I tell above, And ebe deolared tbat ladies none Could marry him for Jove. And when I said tbat Lambert wed A pretty little wife, She said that I bad ta'en some next· Whicb filled me full of life. But when I said tbat she would wed A man as fat, she tore My whole from off ber curly head, And stamped her foot and swore. Joet Beown. 623.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Thb initials and finals, read downwards, will show one of Shakspere's comedies. Something to write on first put down ; For this you'll take a tree ; In Scotland now find out a town ; And this is sloth, you'll see. A noise a horse will sometimes make ; One who cultivates the peaoh ; A town in Denmark next you'll take ; You'll find this in a breach, Charles D. Baldwin. f 624.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. Wheke would be our Q. J. pages, That please the most fastidious sages— That e'er delight the most refined— With poetry and prose combined P If we ehould lack these famoue three- Upholders of our industry 1 A fellow-contributor each A lesson their productions teach. ; 1. In ancient Rome, that scene of art, Of sculptors rare the well-known mart, This man is found excelling in his trade, His genius and his fauoy there displayed. 2. This often is discovered in the ground : You'U pleaee be kind enough to turn it round. 3. Transpose, and if for me you'll search, I'm worn by priests in the Romish Church. é. The Blaokwater flows thro' Erin's laud,, And on its green-clad banks doth stand This pleasant town, whose market's name Has gained it universal fame. 5. When this word you find for me, A portion of your frame we see; Without its aid, you wUI admit, You'd feel as if you wanted it. 6. To-day, whUe passing down the street, My wandering eyes these words did meet; 'Twas on а card, stuck on the door Of a house in King Street, No. 4. 7. The G. J. doth abound iu these, And all its letters greatly please ; ; They ore instructive to the mind- Some iu this very part you'U find. J. W. Moran. 625.—CONUNDRUMS. ) 1.—Ladies and gents, find out this oon, I pray ι Who is the smaUest riddler of G. J. f 2.—On a summer's day, wheu the sun is shining, What riddler is it pleasant to rechne in P 8,—Should you go ou urgent business for your master anywhere, What famed G. J. contributor ehould you take * " when going there P 4.— . Now, riddlers, I'U be bound I have got you on the hop ; What four contributors are found In an ironmonger's shop P 5.—What famed Q. J. contributory ou think I'd better write Which every English gentleman partakes in with deUght? 6,— You, perhaps, wül be surprisedito hear Tbat α oertain riddling friend ' "*'' Has several meanings to bis name- In fact, they're without end. You'U find he's a portion of a town, This well-known riddler of renown. You'U find him iu the hospital, He is in every room ; Again, he guards against a blow, And saves himself from doom. A female can his title claim; Now, pray what is this riddler's name Ρ J. W. Moran. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 151. %* Por answers to Fuzzier in No. 139, please see preceding page.