THE RIDDLER 1. METAGRAM.
M. (Change firsfc letter, forming another word.) For weeks I have pondered fi rst best I could make, My next in the Riddlers' page ; For weeks I have wondered if e'er I could take A place as a riddling sage. For weeks have I read with delight one by one, The riddles from A. A. Dyke's pen ; I must stop thini, but if in the Riddler I've won A place—I will write you again. Robert W. Andrews (Hampstead). TRANSPOSITION. What makes us all such merry boys, Aud dismal cire at once destroys, Wbat is it causes all our joys ? '•Comrades.' What drives away dull melancholy, And makes us look on ßr*t as folly, What makes us feel—well, reg'lar jolly ? "Comrades." What doth abound in splendid tales Of ships at sea in fearful gales, And to amuse us never f aus ? '· Comrades." What tells us of the Indians red. And how our Britons fought and bled When on to bloody battle led ? " Comrades. * What tells us in its pictured story Of times when sailors fought for glory, And when each deck was red and gory ? " Comrades." Hurrah, then, for owr " Comrades" truŕ, 'Twill win the ntxt 'midst not a few ; Come, riddlors, swell the chorus, do. "Comrades." J. Nash. 3. ENIGMA. A marble wall as white as millt, Lined with a ekin as e^ft as silk ; At length a golden b; 11 appears, Bathed in a flood of crystal tears ; No entrance in, no gates unfold, Yet thieves break in and steal the gold. J. Nash. CHABADB. Onk sunny day we sailed away From whole to cross the sea, To China we were bound, to bring Home spices, rice, and tea. At several tìrst s we loaded, Till we could hold no more, And then we sailed away again, This time for England's shore. Our homeward voy.»ge we quickly made, Aod at the river's last We anchored, and we knew that every Danger now was past. Albert A. Dykes (Southampton). DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORDS. An author's name known to boys Is here presented to view, His tales are really splendid, And are liked by all of you. CROSS WORDS. 1.—Boggy or sandy—the meaning of this, Surely the word to be found you can't mist. 2.—A spirit of evil you here will see, Nww with this hiat show the answer to me. 3.—This a colour, a fine deep-red ochre— Drat that cat ! Where is the poker ? 4.—А ьш ill. delicate fish, a kind of trout, If you think for a while you'll find it out. 5.—Here you have a light, hard cake or bread, Used mostly by invalids, 'tis said. 6.—The orgui of vision is now in sight, If without this, you could not see the light. T. E. Barley. 6. SQUARE WORD. First at night is often seen Shining in the sky I ween. A good next I feel quite sure, Is what most British boys adore. Third is a battle in the Crimea fought ; The Hritish victory was dearly bought. When you've last this riddle, you will say The answer is almost as plain as day. Ajax ( .Nottingham).
Answers to Last Week's Biddies. 1. Book-worm. 2. C-leo-pat-ra. 8. (1) Poach, (2) Lemon, (3) Ash, (4) Apple, (5) Olive, (6) Melon, (7) Beech, (8) Oak. 4. Cow-slip. 5. Glad-stone. 6. Snow-don. 7. Gold-old.