THE PUZZLER. л 436,—CHARADES.
—That gallant young spark is not now a clerb, But into full action has burst ; With money to spare, he's purchased a share In the business of the first. His fingers may snap, need care not a rap, And do what a clerk never durst ; With money to spend or money to lend, If the first only prove to be first. Like to Old King Cole, that jolly old soul, Every week-day, from daybreak of Monday, Can call for his pot, the chief of the lot, But he doles out the second on Sunday. He heeds not the least, pope, bishop, or priest, His licence outweighs his transgressions ; It will be well-reckon'd if he groans the second When Death at the close makes his presence. Some say that my third is never a word, But sounds like what comes from the grocer ; When used at a meal, how cheerful we feel ! 'Tis served up with cup and a saucer. Some say 'tis a joint, but really, this point I will not'assuredly state, sir ; Bespecting the third, if a joint or word, Or both, you must be arbitrator. On that natal morn when systems were boru, I held a most important station ; Though in your belief I was not the chief— I was not the least in creation. Although wanting soul, I am such a whole That eternity never may sound : Above and below, wherever you go, , I am everywhere to be found. Arbï. 2.— My primal is a Christian name More common than respected ; My second has heraldic claim When armour is selected : My third within the Emerald land Is rough—at home is splendid ; My whole, though often close at hand, Has ne'er been apprehended. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 437.-SIX HIDDEN TOWKS. " I saw Esau kissing Kate " In " A one-horse open sleigh j" " Try not the dismal pass," for fear Tou meet with " Peter Gray." I went to hear the " German baud " On Sunday " In the park j" When I took "My dear pal" out He quite enjoyed " The lark." We there did meet with " Maggy May," Returniug from " The Strand," Who said, ** It's most improper " That " I cannot give my hand." And now, my friendly readers, try If you six hidden towns can't spy. John Т. Роитлв. 438.-ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. A fine chameleon top as prize I gained, And this it bore, Enriched with rainbow hues, and as it turned, Still showing more. Its tints were many, but I'm sure I saw A hundred there. How I was pleased this present to receive This will declare. These words, which through the subject now in hand Are close allied, Should nothing separate, and therefore р1еазе Üy naught divide. My answer found out will imply myself, So it is said ; And if you try the problem carefully, Then I am made. S. Bramali,. 439.-TBIPLE VEKBAL PUZZLE. Two in pawns, but one in chess ; Two in trimming, two in dress. One in whistle, two in sing ; One in arctic, two in zone ; One ia crowd, three in alone. And three in Sarah's ring. Three simple words, implying gifts, a giver, and receiver. M. Mellett. 440.—VERBAL PUZZLE. In sultry whole, being much athirst, As I was passing through the City, I went iuto tbe shop of first, Who told me last—oh, what a pity ! 1. A beautiful bird, Cannot siug a note ; 2. Au evergreen tree From ages remote. 3. A measure of cloth Not always the same; 4. A serpentine stream This latter will name. W. J. Hill. The auswers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 98. %* For answers to Puzzler iu No. $3, please seo preceding page.