' THE IIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE ACROSTIC. JAword.or orords, forand o' thn initial iettLrs of other words, expressed in the narrative.) Foundation Woard.
i,-" Oh, please can you spare me a copper, sir P' The poor little beggar-boy said "I ain't had a mouthful to-day, sir. Oh, please, sir, a copper for bread! My father's been sent to the prison, 'Cos when my poor mother was ill, He just stole a loaf from the baker's To feed her, an' me, an' young Mill. My mother's just died in the work'us', I knew that she wouldn't live long; And now I am left with my sister, And poor little Mflly ain't strong. We lives in a 'ouse down the court, sir, But the landlady's drunk all the day. Oh, yes; if you want to see Milly, come along, sir, I'll show you the way." Cross Words. The ragged young urchin then led me Down byways so dirty and dark; I eagerly followed his footsteps, But catching a whispered remark From some men standing by in a corner, My suspicions soon made me alert. My doubts were, alas I not unfounded, For soon, in a manner expert, The boy made a grab at my watchebain, But I gripped him before he could run; Then a man, coming out from the shadow, Wished to know what the youngster had done. But I saw through the trick in a minute, And, to make a long narrative short, With a struggle and policeman's assistance, Two rogues, who were " wanted," were caught. Some beggars are genuine, doubtless, To some is our charity due; But 'tis wise, when the heart and hand's open, To keep eyes and ears open, too. Jo-KING AND A. A. DYgKS. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. e fnal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 2.-Merry little maidens, Writing to the "T.," Shunning melancholy, Full of fun are we. Smiling on the gallants Who herein engage; Merry little maidens Now are all the sage. Cross Words. Place here what's seen on a soldier's breast After he's set his foemen at rest. Readers, in a lovely garden Stands one whom you all must know; And the evil that came on him Brought a wondrous change of woe. Where Devon and Cornwall jut out to the sea, If you look all around you are sure to see me. This is a Christian name Of an artist of fame. lovely place in Italy, a sunny, sunny place, here all the golden flow'rets kiss the morning's rosy fee. Acknowledgment of debt in this document's seen, In what a dire strait must the giver have been l To loiter is the meaning set forth here; Then one to whom my heart is ever dear' And one to whom my soul is ne'er unkind; See round her neck are lovely finals twined I H. J. W. OSSORD AND C. F. BLACKBURN. ACROSTIC. rord.or words, fonmed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 3.-Primals will clearly show A great musician's name, Which all of you will know. Now kindly find the same, Cross Words. A musician of fanme My first will disclose; Next bravely defends Our land from all foes. This is a town, 'Twill be found in Japan; This is an animal Faithful to man. 'Tis now time that I Should be seeking repose; So I'll bid you good-last, And my riddle now close. H. A., Tottenham. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. sitthe "aet two letters or a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 4,-I might discourse in manly tone Of themes too common with our lances; I might discourse with rhymes high flown Of war and every warrior's chances; I might invuke a muse of fire, But that, perhaps, would raise your ire. I might renounce my useless pen, And spend my time in sage reflection; Bst in those days of busy men 'Twere best to seek a new direction; For 'tis a maxim of to-day, "A thinking game will never pay." I might, again, as oft of yore, Debate on questions royalistio; And, like some vagabonds before, Attack my foes in manner fistic; I might bewray your noble queen, Were I the ass which I have been. I might, like any other mooke, indulge in sentences sarcastic; Imight the cellar.fiend provoke, But much I fear a lesson drastic: And when a donkey's near, you'll find 'Tis dangerous to stand behind. I might discourse of "noble knights," And ever fair and winsome ladies; I'd rather sing of clowns in tights, Or imitate a con. from Hades; I miht enlarge on "trenchant swords," But that would be a waste of words, I might-that is a fav'rite theme- Tune my guitar to tom-cat's howling; Bit worthless such a song I deem- I'd rather spend my time in growling; And should no better theme appear, I fain would end my verses here. Imight But,there, it seems to me I cannot find a proper reason, And now would make apology For wasting sech a leaant season; Just quote the proverb if you will, o Ser idle hRd9 there's mischief still." I~uanrazg.r
.NARRATIVE -MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in. the narrative.) BALLADE OF A-BATTING TRINITr. lit may be necessary to remarkin connectlon wlththe following lines that I uller PIlch, George Parr, and W. G. Grace are fonerallr conceded to have been, when each was at his best inglan s three greatest batasen. Pilch was 'Norfolk born b layed for Kent. Parr was famous for his brilliant leg-hIttIn. f Grace, when in his prime, the Satlrday Review said that modern cricket seemed to have resolved itself into a match between Dir. Grace, on one side, and the bowling strength of England on the other.] 5.-And first the man whom Norfolk bore, Yet who won fame as man of Kent, And Kentish colours ever wore, And glory to those colours lent- Good Fuller Pilch, whose grand intent Was e'er to do his level best; Who did so fully what he meant- "Eclipse was first; nowhere the rest." And then, when Fuller's reign was o'er, And Fuller's batting powers were spent, And Fuller" laid on" wood no more, Again from out the Players' tent 'Ihere came a champion, and Notta sent George Parr, whom many a long-leg blessed. Where laughing flows 1he merry Trent, "Eclipse was first; nowhere the rest." But greatest far in cricket lore, The one next dubbed by all's consent As champion. When on greenswarl floor To slog each bowler was his bent, No man that slogging could prevent; And bowlers bowled with little zest At Grace, and all the world's song went, " Eclipse is first; nowhere the rest." ENvoY. Although my judgment you resent, And point to average as test, For Grace I still my praises vent- "Eclipse is first; nowhere the rest." JAcK. (Aflsr Philander MIugg.) 6.-'Twas terrible, yet grand I The sun, Still in its zenith, had begun To scorch the grass, dry up the pools, And shine with gravity on fools Who chanced, through reasons obvious, To walk abroad without the fuss That elephantine grace permits To those who live on "moonlight flits." Ah, yes, not one there is who'd think That water is for us to drink; And elongated though we be, We must obey the stern decree Of Fate, who in the balauc weighs All those who wish themselves to raise. Presumptuous mortals, whose desires Will lead them to eternal fires, Where Vulcan, with each glowing elf, Will pack them safely on the shelf; And while the anvils ring with blows, Will mourn for ever o'er their woes i Rash mortals, flee-there yet is time, For poets are hard up for rhyme! E'en those who've written "for an age" Have gone on strike for want of wage. Ah, me I when will this carnage cease? In vain ye struggle for release. Up, long-haired bards, and wield the pen, And when you've done, sit down again I THEOPHILUS PO.:', B. DECAPI.CURTAILMENT. (Drop tihe first and last letters from a word, leaving another word.) 7.-One lovely day in summer's prime, When sunlight filled the air, I left the town, so filled with grime, To gaze on scenes more rare; For miles I walked a country road, Until, footsore and tired, I res!ed near to some abode Where horses could be hired. The notice pointed to the back, So round the house I went; A voice that did not power lack Here asked what some one meant. Again that voice first on the air, And said, " Let go the kuife Base-hearted wretch, thy bosom bare That I may take thy life I" A girl's sweet voice in pleading tones Said, " Spare me, Harry, dear I" Then came some awful, horrid groans Unto my listening ear. Near by my side a window stood, So through the glass I gazed, And saw revealed a sight that would Have struck the coolest dazed. With frowning brow, and threatening mien, A knife poised in his hand, A man it was I saw, I ween, O'er a young lady stand. Once more he spoke in hissing tones, " You plead to me in vain; I care not for your sighs and moans; Thou art last evil bane. One minute more is all I give Thy peace with Heaven to make; No longer than it shalt thou live, This hand thy life shall take I" "Scoundrel," I shouted, mad with rage Such villainy to see, "Unhand that girl I-with me engage l" He laughed as though in glee. With giant strength I burst the door, And entered in the room, Resolved, though called to shed my gore,j To stay that maiden's doom. Strange were the words that met my ear As I went through the door: "My good, kind friend, pray have no fear, Our drama now is o'er. We've been rehearsing ' Buried Lives,' Which we shall have to play To-morrow night at Donjondives. N ow, what's your business, prayP" (Tableau.) R. D. BIDn, CHARADE, (Formed on a word each syllable of whtlh is a wo d.) 8.--My first to insure, please carry Your thoughts to Eternity's spheres, Where, we are tdught, those who tarry Not one but in frst robes appears. And with your thoughts so religious, You need not have fear to approach My neajt, where, with noise prodigious, Dissenters their sentiments broach. Though first emblematia'ly pure, And second a means to that end, The tWo a dread district immure, Where horrors your life's blood sueaspend. Cavas BRIrANnrcug PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) S9,O-If tennis you're about to play, Be sure you give these orders a See that the ground is wrhole, And neatly trim the borders. C. Donar..i.
(COhange the first three letters of sword oiform another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-There never was known snch a torrent of joy 'When he entered this world so defective; Relations agreed there ne'er was such a boy- Such abilities brilliant-prospective. Positions exalted this child would attain (And capable, too, of extension), Keen insight of parents disclosed when he'd gain The requisite age and dimension. From the first childish lisps they distinctly foresaw A possible Pitt or a Chatham; He strongly rebelled against nursery law, And valued all censure an atom. His passions they viewed in most lenient light, For not in their pride could they chasten The infantine wonder with prospects so bright, Awaiting his growth but to hasten. He grew, notwithstanding the dangers he passed- The ills that each mortal is heir to; When the season arrived for his schooling at last, What tears were expended, and care, too I At this stage of his bright buoyant boyhood, we learn, With retort he was truly no niggard; Oh, the horror depicted when home he'd return With bruises, and optics disfigured I He soon showed a liking for "alleys" and top, With slang he in time became fluent; A course that's inclined is a problem to stop-. Ho was often caught playing the truant. With lamentable vigour he hated his book, Through lessons he'd wearily flounder; And the tasks so detested he often forsook For exciting diversion of " rounder." Alas I were the vision'ry castles dispelled- Both shadowy stonework and portal; 'Twas then, and then only, they plainly beheld Their id l an ordin'ry mortal. They sadly concurred they must forcibly try To keep him from marbles and gutters, So they sent him to work at a doctor's close by, Where he's nightly erecting the shutters. J, STocrs, Lambeth. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavina another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to J. W,. Sewell.) 11.-Hurrah for the " Tourney " so bright, Tra-la l Hurrah for each maiden and knight, Tra.la I In this glorious page They all do engage, In a manner so merry and bright, Tra-la I In a manner so merry and bright. Christmas-'twill shortly be here, Tra.la I What a glorious time of the year I Tra-la I And the waits in the street With music so sweet I All hail to this season of cheer, Tra-la I All hail to this season of cheer. Mr. Sewell, your pardon I crave, Tra-la I I hope at this bard you won't rave, Tra-la I In thus using your rhyme, For 'tis really sublime, I trust you won't say I'm a knave, Tra.la I I trust you won't say I'm a knave. F. E. HIND, Hull. 12,-I have a friend who loves to joke In manner enigmatical; And though his wit is dry as coke, 'Tis often ungrammatical. Should I ask if it's flue or wet, This answer'd be ensuing- "It's what the queen-now, don't forget- It's what the queen is doing I" On one occasion he had lost A ring that long had been his; I asked its price; he said it cost "Just what a king or queen is I" I told him once my hen had laid Two eggs that very morning; "I saw a ship do that," he said, All common-sense quite scorning. " You saw a ship lay eggs ?" I cried, " Your meaning tell me-pray, do I" He calmly smiled as he replied, " I saw a ship once lay to I" I paused to think o'er his reply, And thought sure he an ass is; " I cannot see the joke." " Then buy," He said, " a pair of glasses!" THEOPsILUS POTTs B, METAGRAM. (Chlange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 13.-"ý: ast night," said the; wind, as the tree-tops he stirred, Under the stars, " The daintiest, prettiest ,ecret I heard Under the stars. " So sweet is this secret, so pleasant this news, Under the stars, That to whisper it low I can hardly refuse, Under the stars. " The birds are all sleeping, and flowers as well, Under the stars; Of course you first promise you never will tell, Under the stars ? " This secret I learned as I wandered so slow Under the stars; If I tell it you, mind, it must no further go, inder the stars." The trees gave their word, so that gossiping wind Under the stars Told them the secret he'd managed to find Under the stars. So delightful it proved that they had to repeat Under the stars " Nezxt a nice bit of news" to the flowers at their feet, Under the stars. It chanced that a wide-awake bird in his nest, Under the stars, Overheard the blithe tattle, and told all the rest, Under the stars. That secret was out, for the birds spread it wide Under the stars, And the villagers knew that John Smith kissed his bride Under the stars I MIRIAM Gtar. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another wordJ 14.-'Tis a pretty flow'ret this, Or the cheeks you'd like to kiss, This is useful, I declare ' Not when sitting in a chair. Here a mixture you will meet, Or two-thirds of something sweet. In music this we often see; Without it, what would poets be P C. F. BrAonDRR AND S. F. PA1KyS.
NARRATIVE CURTAILMElt1. (brop the final letter of a word, ltaving another word, ezprs s in the narrative.l 15.-There lay on my brain for a very long time A tumbled-up, mystical con.; I essayed to condense the same into rhyme, But discovered the mystery was gone, Yet it lay on my brain such a terrible weight, That quickly it hatched out this plot; So I'll chuck out the same in a rollicking gait, And serve while the idea's hot. 'Twas long, long ago-I remember it well- An ancient graveyard and a ghost; A spectre-like laugh, and a faint-tinkling bell, And they in themselves were a host. When midnight Came round, and you strolled by the yard, What ghastly, queer sights you'd discern- From demon-like warlocks to ghosts white as lard I What chantings and spells you would learn I By twelve o'clock night a faint tinkling you'd bear, A laugh diabolical, too; You'd see then a spectre, the ghost of a tear (I won't say the latter is true). Then ghosts in profusion, old witches as well, Each bearing a grinning old head; But then, don't you know, I believe it a "sell," 'Twas a blood-curdling story I read I W. L. MILLEt, Glasgow. META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to formarnother wor,) 16.-Sadly the north wind is sighing Through meadows all misty and bleak; "Dying!"-pale Autumn is dying, With winter's cold breath on her cheek, " Fading I"-the grey light is fading, The last gleam of brightness firt fled; Deep shadow the woods are arrayed in, And Autumn, sweet Autumn, lies dead. And all that remains of her splendoutn- A few withered leaves on her breast; With hands that were wistfully tender, She gathered them into her rest. "Weeping l"-the dull skies are weeping Last tears through the silence and gloom I In loneliness Autumn is sleeping, And shadows have shrouded her tomb, AteUD DoudLA,. NIAREATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) (Air, " Queen of my Heart.") 17.-I stand at the threshold a-sighing, Three golden balls'are on high; With vexation I'm nearly a-crying, And I do nothing but sigh. The watch that, alas I I have kept for Ten years, or it might be a score, Eleht shillings I've had to accept for, For the pawnbroker would not give more. 'Tis thus that life's friendships are broken, The parting now comes very hard; For that pawnbroker gave as a tokei A small, printed, square piece of card. Inow MAst. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a dilferent meaning in the narrative. 1l.-My heart sinks low, as old Time takes his stand Proclaiming Summer's death; and Winter's blast Sweeps madly o'er the earth, in haste to cast Grim desolation bare on ev'ry hand, As though exultant at Saturn's command ) Sweet songs of birds, temembered to the last, No longer fill the air as in the past, When smiling Summer swayed her kindly wand. Speed on, speed on, ye months of ice and snow, Thoey'ro but the rich who find aught good in thee ; Whose homes, bedeck'd with festive mistletoe, Shut out thy chilling breath in merry glee. Speed on, speed on, and end thy dreary reign, And be not eager to return again. AnsY HALtorr, Burnage. SQUARE WORDS. 19.-Too much of this the less the speed, So the old proverb doth say. In Revelations to this give heed; It's a name me Ining first, by the Wa To put on more speed this means, you 1 find; 'Tis seen in sports of every kind. T1y next is a number frequently used, Though 'tie an odd cipher often abused. My last you have done when you finish your food, And this final word will my riddle conclude. H. E. ENGLISH AND LEO KoCdI 20.-This is oft read at country schools, But little read by wayside fools. That he was tall I thought you knew, For he stands over six feet two. Let's wish her tears replaced by smiles, This land, the Niobe of Isles. What we should do with threadbare suits, With stockings holed, and worn-out boots. C. F. IlLACKBURN AND S. MACNLUxAB. PYRAMID PUZZLE. Foundation Word. 21.-I possess a little central, a mischievous little central, A central who has nearly turned six years old; This naughty little central has cost a lot of money, But I would not part with her for a hundred poundsea gold. Cross Words. A conronant is my first, you'll say; This unpleasant on a rainy day; Ncrt a flower bring to mind ; Fourth a famous riddler find; Last is now sailing o'er the sea, A thing of life it seems to be. F. E. HIND, Hull.