THE RIDDLER. ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WOBD.
Wk are a jolly riddling band, Each one's a riddling poet ; We all hold t d nt at command, Undoubtedly you know it ; Let friendship reign supreme and grand, And let us plainly show it. Our b »nner grandly flaunts o'erhead, With primait on it shining ; Let's hope as on through life we tread, Life's troubles round us twining. That from us they will ne'er have fled, To cause pain and repining. And when upon the b«»ttlc fiold Our countrymen aro fighting, They'll never to the foeman yield, With primalé them inciting ; But tliey the sw rd of right will wield, Their savage foemen smiting. CKOSS WORDS. As on rural scenes we gaze, On these sultry summer's days, Sen ing down its golden rays, First is gl v İv seen, Olitt'ring on the trees around ns, As one summer's day it found ue, Nature's beauty did astound us, Docked in glowing grceD. But, alas ! the sc^no had changed, First'B bright rays were soon estranged, Clou is round heaven's dome were ranged, Drops began to fall ; We our hasty footsteps quickened, Holding firm a well-worn stcond, Whioh is very useful reckoned, Be it largo or small. Nature's aspect dull and drear, Everything did third appear, Ekics were shedding many a tear, Unpleasant 'twas for us ; In this third and dismal weather, As wo wa ked along together, Hastening across tli ¡ heather, We wished we had a bus. Soon indeed we felţ quite fourth, And began to shako and cough. We wished home wasn't to far uff, As silently we walked ; Thc dusk of ßj'th was gathering round i.s, In its darkening «-hawl it wound ns, And with falling water crowned us— Onward yet we stalked. When at length wo reached our home, Again we said we'd nover roata Out beneath the starry.dome Whoa 'tw uld likely rain ; We sixth bo-last the fire all blazing, And told ghost stories all 4nih.zing, That 'tis strangp We'were not raising Goblins up again. JoUN Na.h.
2. DECAPITATION. I'm whole a gap, α vacuit space, Or if you will, a break ; Beheaded, I am what you do, Just as a thing you take. Behead again, and thero you see I'm one, by yet not ο·η·β I АГ.ГПА. 3. DIAMOND PUZZLE. first is a simple letter found in card, Second is that in which some baby's seeping, Thud is a way of spelling count—'tis hard ; Ană fourth is—well, it often causes weeping, Fifth is the name by which я day is known, Sixth means to struggle, or to strive, you see. Seventh's to lire in toe country ; and you'll own That eighth is not that which will sweeten tea (In fact it's nasty—to a slight degree). Ninth is dishonest, false, and means to cheat ; Tentli is soon broken, used bs aU eaeh day, E' eventh'» asimple letter, found in neat. Whole is the samo (read up or down) eath way. Alfha and Omeoa. 4. CHARADE. MErmiLY through tho cornfields singing. Came а first so bright and gay, Ar.d seeing some birds, she quickly threw A second, which made them fly away. If you a map of England will procuro, And in the south-oast corner cast your eyes, My whole you'll find, and with me agree, It's α noted town, though small in siz \ T. E. P. Peters. Answers to Last Week's Riddles 1. Blenheim-Waterloo, thus: BroW, Ll m A, Emil NursE, HorroR, ExcoL, IudigO, ManittO. 2 Tin, i«it. did, his. 3. Spray, Pray, Ray, Ay, Y (why). 4. A pen.