THE RIDDLER DEOAPI-OURTAILMENT. (Chance the first and Iaat letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.)
We have a war-cry of our own, To give that cry vent we are prone, And we wander about, And raise up that shout, Till the neighbours in agony groan. We've practised upon it for years, ''"·' - And it conjures up horriblo fears, '·'·'J.-i For the neighbours about ·,: : When they e'er hear that shout, Are frantic till " Bobby " appear·. Ι ν This ery you must know has a name, Tie the Pelican of great fame ; ι And we take it about, '' .. This gay world-renowned shout, ~'-.,' Though tlie people think never the same. We always have practice at night, And often seek safety in flight ; One night we were about To give our war-like shout, When into " Bobby's " hands we light Though our behaviour now is meek, Still we are hauled before the beak, Who asked us all about That cussed ill-named shout, And—" Forty bob, or go to * quad ' a week.*' " SWKRONA " AND Π. J. BCTHKLL.
2. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) First to me, my gallant knights, All ye merry, witty wights ; All ye, brimming o'er with fun, I hope you'll ne'er make a pun. For it Harris our feelings, Tou last remember these things, Many a one some sad day Funned, Andrews it to this day. And no Taylov rhyme will be Brer really liked by me ; If a pun hap·" vwm" within, I oonbider it a sin. A pun makes me Nash my teeth, ■■'.;; I Wood send punsters beneath, To be "pun "-ished ss they ought, Aad to be the right way taught. Drobto.
8. NARRATIVE REVERSION. 1 went to Margate last July (Not many months ago), The trouble· that I met with I Shall ne'er forget I know. I went its noted pier to see, And stayed an hour or mora ; I went at twenty-one to three, And left at ten to four. Twas there, upon that self-same pier, I saw a eailor man, Be hitched hi»—no, his lower gear, And then thi« tale began. ** Oh, worthy sir, behold in me, A sailor brave and bo d, For many a year I've sailed the sea, 'Midst wintry winds and cold. . M I've sailed the Medway and the Wye, Also the German Ocean "— Where all these waters were, well I, Did not possess a notion. >- ·' I've shipwrecked been on foreign landa, And many a foreign shore ; On different islands, beaches, sands, And rocks about a score. ; - ·« in many a battle I have fought, Whilst cannon loudly roared ; Bad havoc I have often wrought, With pistol, gun, and sword. "And now'gainst poverty Ι β tare (I have no work to do), And eo I ask if you can spare, A copper sir, or two." ,.. -'/>; Mil Ж fy ; I gave that man a shilling, 1 am a generous man ; Be was surprised at what he saw, And soon loud thanks began. ••Tut, tut," I oried, " enough of that, Your proffered thanks please stay ;·* He with his finger touched his hat, And quickly walked away. My way I wended back again. But as I my lodgings neared— I found my new gold watch and chain Bad somehow disappeared. A present 'twas from my Aunt Floss, Which made mo greater miss it ; But never more to Margate's shore, Will I pay another visit. Percy F. Boyd.
4. DEOAPI-OURTAILMENT. Oh, Robert, your invention has near turned my addled pate (I'm referring to that recent con. of thine). A " dec api-cur t ailment " I fear will cause my fate. Oh, what a bitter fate would then be mine. But I'll tell you how it all occurred lf you will calmly first To my tale of woe—oh, woe last mine, my che-ild, If you had been near me that day and heard me how I cursed, Tou'd have said " Те gods I that fellow's surely wild." For I eat and groaned in solitude, as vainly did I strive To eke out a subject from this brain of mine ; And my ardour to compose a con., alas I it did not thrive. Whioh certainly, you'll own, was a bad sign : But at last I have concluded it and forthwith send it on, Though, alas I perhaps ia print it ne'er will be ; But I can but hope our lenient " Ed. " will take this modest con., Which I dedicate, oh, Robert, friend, to thee. E. N. Harris.
5. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORDS. Is India my primal« roam, And ln the junele makes his home, The natives do his visits dread, I've very often heard and read. On Afric's sunny plains and grovas, My finals wander there in droves, They are so timid that they run, At sight of almost anyone. oaoss WORDS. Js first a precious stone you'll find, 'Tis yellow-coloured bear ln mind. As people o'er me swiftly glide, Tbey with each other oft collide. He played the bagpipes with great test, And in tbe Highland next was dressed. A Governor or Eastern Prince Commander of a large province. A certain spice is this and—well It has a very fragrant smell. W. Miller (Glasgow).
DUAGRAM. (Change the first two lettera of α word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) Of all the girls I ever saw, Kot one can touch my Bessy, She is the girl whom I adore, \ Although she's rather " dressy." Her nose is of a purple hue, Some say 'tis caused by whisky, But I have never dared to ask, Because I think it risky. And you'd say so, if you had seen Her splendid pair of "whackers ;" The other day she knocked Jim Green, The boxer, into "crackers." They only fought two rounds, I vow She made hun smart a little ; For since that day he has not left The prizefighters'hospital. And that's the sort of girl, my friends, Who loves me to distraction ; When my pa my allowance sends, I never see a fraction ; But where it goes I shrewdly guess, But, O, I can't give vent to My thoughts, but I believe my Bess, Could tell me where it went to. Nino.
TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed to form another word.) (To Robert W. Andrews.) Iv at this con. you will deign to glance, sir, Tou will herein perceive your answer, Given in words, which, I hope are clear and good ; And herein you will find 'tis stated, That I felt really and truly elated, When I first you reply to yours truly, Robert Wood. 'Twas really a very good, suggestion, With which you answered my question As to whether, of not, I had good talent to command ; For your reply, please accept my thanks; And, kindly note I state that blanks Of bad rhyme shall ne'er again be indited by my hand. But why ask for my forgiveness ? I must really last, Robert, confess, That I cannot see any reason—altho' maybe yow can, sir; This reason, if any, I'm wishful to know, Similar to our riddling friend, " Nemo ;" And now, sir, I trust, you are satisfied by this answer. Robert Wood.
DEOAPtOURTADLMENT. In ancient days of Chivalry My whole was often seen : Decapitate and tuaft you'll find 'S the time for rest I ween ; The aforementioned days of Chivalry Are past by many a year. But if my seeond you curtail, You'll find my last is near. W; Apostroph«. 9. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORDS. ' A If our progenitor had cause To e'er give way to final's sway, He'd but obey Dame Nature's law·, For he had sinned in every way. And fo toii were the sacrifice . » For list'ning to an evil mind, Atonement such would scarco suffice To satisfy his Maker kind. GROSS WORDS. Twas in the museum I first saw this, It seemed to me such perfect bliss. A man I know, a thriving miller, By this river gathers his " siller. A very pretty name to me It seems, and so you will agree. When you grumble you do this, And you deserve no loving kiss. Now I think this you can see, The rolling ocean it must be. B. L. Jefferson and "Dick'* Randall. 10. PRECE-OMEGRAM. 1 A sturdy warrior and bold, With fierce and warlike daring, Went off to foreign regions cold His nation's wrongs e'en sharing. Aud say, my friends, if e'er you durst, Was not my hero very first ? A poor old man, his wrinkled brow And silvered hair show p'ainly He near the silent end is now, And that his strength is mainly Supported by a tonic's will, And leaves the second's place to fill. R. L. Jefferson, í