THE IIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. UhanRe the fret letter of a wvord to form another word.) ( MoowonakerI.)
L -.lory to thee, comrade, comrade, Honour to thee in the fray IBear thee bravely in the battle, Surely shalt thou win the day. Who dare meet thee in the contest, Thou who comest from on high ? Who dare fight the greatest chieftain Of the legions of the sky ? Woe to fossils, comrade, comrade, When Philander meets thine arm; When he seest thee approach him He will cower in alarm; For an inward fear will tell him Better bad he ne'er been born Than that he should live to meet thee, On thy visage scathing scorn. Let me tell thee, comrade, comrade, Let me tell the reason why I'm unknown to great Hoonraker, Though my first is in the sky. I have come from distant regions, From the fart-hest realm of space, Where, erstwhile, I've been a dweller Far from men of Moonish race. Bat at present, comrade, comrade, (Mlay our meeting next full soon), I'm to live near thy dominions, Round about the " merrie moon," I'd have come before to this part But-my reason must be terse- Chieftain, if you wish to know it, Cast your eye on the next verse. We've been busy, comrade, comrade, Fashioning and moulding stars, Forming planets, making sky scenes, Out of-but my oath debars Statements which would cause the Earth-men, in their wouder and surprise, To collapse with utter horror At those scieucemongers' lies. I do greet thee, comrade, comrade, Though to thee I'm yet unknown, With a loos'ning of the heart-strings, With unbendengs of that frown Whi .h we dwellers in the Skyland Always wear upon our brow; But on warriors like Mloonraker We must look with friendly glow. Ave, ave, comrade, comrade, Noble soldier, fare thee well, In the coming "Tourney" battles, Sky.home warriors pcans swell. Let the highest hills of Skyland With Moonraker's praise resound, Till ethereal heights shall quiver With the majesty of sound. SKYSCRAPER. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. THedrrt letter of a w'ord is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 2.-- am Hereward, Hereward the Viking, Out of the dark North My war.ship comes dashing; Where is the warrior, And where is the high king Who dare brave the storm.fiends, And hark to their crashing ? When but a stripling, I with my good sword Left the fair homestead, The land of my sires; And through the wild-wood, Where the river ran rippling, Rode I with Lightfoot, The king of good squires. I am an earl's son, Though outlawed to plunder; Lao ! with the wild fern My followers lie hiding; God of the lightning, And lord of the thunder, Who dares to linger When Vikings are riding P Outlaws and Vikings, We ride forth together, They on their good steeds, And I on More Swallow. 0 for the moorland ! And O for the heather ! But death to the dark knights Who fear not to follow. But Normans surround us, And hope is a fable; To death and to darkness Fair England is fated. Btr cheer up, ye bravo hearts; We'll fight while we're able, Then die like our fathers. And hate as we're hated. HEREWARnD, Cheshire. -All hail to the queen of the "Tournament " gay, AlI hail to onu queen, staunch and true; Once more I've returued, and my homage I'll pay Ti Nellie, the one of a few. Al hail to the cons. of " Toss" Taylor the bright, Oh, long may he write for the " T."; And oft as Foonoolican may he indite, For serely he's one and the three. All hail to the it of Philander the Great, All halil to his loyalty grand ; L:t's hope that the praises he gets won't inflate And float him to some foreign land. Come, let us forget all our troubles to-day, And care naught for wrong-thinking bards ; Come, shout for Queen Nell of the "Tournament" gay, 'Tis she who retains the "trump cards." ANy HALLOTT, Burnage. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. 'tup the sirs letter of a word leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 4.-1 will think of you always, darling, In the hush of the winter eves, When the snails are dead in the garden, And the sparrow for sunshine grieves. When the sun in the north-east district Sinks down with its rays of gold, I will think of theso grand sky-rockets We saw in the nights of old. For memory beams in the twilight, And I dream the old dreams again, So radiant of you-sweet visions - But others are "jammed" with pain. And I have no more to remember, Though my love-queen has hurried away; Yet some of her deeds of glory Shall "Brighton" each "London day !" ,J. W. BEWE LL,
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed, of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 5.-Primals was a witty riddler; in the " Tourney" page his name Oft had ranked amongst the foremost knights of Tourna- mental fame; Often had his well-known figure in the "Tournament" been seen, Fighting for a nation's glory and the honour of his queen. But now, alas ! his name we never in the " Tournament " behold; He never writes as he was wont to in those happy days of old. We hope again to see his name appearing in the " Tour. ney" list, For his verses, full of humour, are by all now sadly missed. Cross Words. He lived when all the world was young, he lives when times are old; And so he'll live in future times-at least, I have been told. To climb these in the evening, when the sun sinks in the west, Will fill your soul with energy, and set your mind at rest. This attracts the skaters when winter-time draws near; But if they ever get inside they won't get out, I fear. What would this little round world be, what would it really seem, If in our daily life there did not come a fourth young dream ? Where you might look on stormy nights for curling crests of foam, Or look again beneath the stars for tidings brought safe home. J. BIIRELL AND C. F. BLACKBURN. Foundation Word. 6.-Ever stalking on beside you, Never leaving till you die, On through life, whate'er betide you, Scill it follows you and I; Thouh you try, you cannot banish Prialssl from your side, I know; Everything but this may vanish, It will come where'er you go. Cross Words. It is not sour, it does not grow, And yet it is not sweet, I know. 'Twas never seen by human eyes, Yet, more than all, our next we prize. A glass is pleasant, I will own, And yet too much will make you groan. 'Tis large and hollow, small and round, And yet gives forth an awful sound. A fruit as round as any ball; A favourite with one and all. It has no legs, no eyes to see, And yet it travels constantly. Without our last, so very sweet, No breakfast table is complete. MELAN CHOLY AND H. MILLER. Foundation Word. 7.-As summer days go by, So does this flower fade; When warm June days are nigh, With beauty 'tis arrayed. Cross Words. A garment you have here; A number then is seen; A gleaming blado--I fear Its last is very keen. A. A. HENRf, Tottenham. Foundation Word. 8.-Primal is a gifted riddler, Who from Caledonia writes; Who, though like myself a Cumbrian, In the glorious "T." delights; Who has won great admiration By his clever, witty lays- Though he never called to see me When 'mongst Cumbria's banks and braes. Cross Words. This, riddlers, will unto your view appear, A flower that grows in the spring of the year. This the bees make in the clear summer weather, Gathered from fragrant flowers, blossom, and heather. This as a climbing plant by you'll be seen, That is through shade and shine verdant and green. This, a prized flower, you'll easily recall; An emblem of purity, dear to you all. This is a flower that incense discloses, Oft found in the glorious month of the roses. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters. as well as the initials, form a word, or word s.) Foundation Words. ,.-Found in Australia, we read, And is-what is it ? What, indeed! A creature of surpassing mien, This pretty maid of seventeen. Cross Words. You'll often hear this sung, I trow, If to a concert you should go. An egg-like shape in this you'll view, That's quickly found, I ween, by you. We're surely this, you will agree, To this, our famous " Riddle T." A lovely flower of ev'ry hue. Our con. is finished, so adieu. J. W. WATKINS AND W. E. PIPER. Foundation Words. 10.-In my primals and finals you will find Two well-known English trees will come to mind. Cross Words. A water-engine this riddle will start; For second a painter's frame will be seen; My third is spoken when from friends we part; And myfourth is distilled liquor, I ween. F. C. FooTE. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metasram, decapitation, dele. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after eaob operation.) 11.-The smallest quantity first will be ; Behead the same, and you will see, Insteadl of firt, as seen by you, A cardinal point will be in view; One letter if you now delete, What all men do your eye will meet; Complete my first, and twice curtail, A meadow you'll see without fail; Complete my first, delete, transpose, 'l'o be unpunctual'twill disclose; Again transpose, but first behead, A beverage you will find instead. J. H. VIvzAN, Croydon. DROP.LETTER PUZZLE. 12.-E-e-t.e-e-r.e-t-i.e-w.n-so-e-.h-rs.ftee.s- . CUArTa '. BALAcusar,
TRANSPOSITION. (Transposs the letters in a word to form another word.) (With apolojies to James Clarence Mangan's "T'imes of the Barmecides.") 18.--Mine pen is first, mine ink is thick, And I bend with the weight of shears; This cutting and pasting still makes me sick, As it has in the bygone years. Not a working idea my brains will show- All seem hidden behind a next; But I've plenty of trouble where'er I got In fact, I am always perplexed, An editor's life is a life of woe, In fact, he's always perpleoed. If cash were mine, and an own sweet will, With the publio I'd have war, And I'd print my paper on Ludgate Hill, And scatter its sheets afar. But there's not a red cent in my pocket, I know, And my paper the crowd derides; To add to the sum of my grief and woe, I feel hunger betimes besides. Oh, an editor suffers from work and woe, And from hunger betimes besides. But mine lamp is low, mine fingers crick, And I'm weary of paste and shears; For a month mine food has been had on " ticit," And mine rent is in sad arrears. And I wonder what poet said " Wealth is woe," And that " Peace with the poor abides ;" He ought to be here so that he might know What an editor's sanotum hides- To meet worry and trouble where'er he'd go, And feel hunger and thirst besides. P. J, CASEY. DECAPI-DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the frst and last two letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-You may roam the kingdom over, from Belgravia tb Dover, From Peru and Apple Amstid to Afghanistt find Greece; You may view the mighty Eiffel, it your fascinating wife'll Let you willingly depart to primal France in happy peace. You may go into the Beauty Show as if it were your duty To inspect the captivating girls of Spa, or you may notl But if you visit every person, either good or even worse 'un, You will never see the counterpart of lovely Lancelot. He is learned-watch his optic, for he speaks the tender Coptic, He'll c,nverse with you in Latin, Jewish, Shahsh, or Billingsgate; He can speak Italian cheeses, he can copy feline sneezes, And your butcher's and your baker's bills in Greek he'll plainly state. But 'tis not with this familiar topic that he'll wish to thrilliar, You can bet your bottom dollar he will let you have it hut; But this is a presentation, this important information, For you know he is bewitching, next the lovely Lance. lot. S. DE BEAE. NARRATIVE INTERPOLATION. (Insert a letter in the centre of a word to form another word, e~- pressed in the Iarrative.) (To Moonraker.) 15.-And so thou dost desire to know, Yet fear to make of me a fee, The meaning of those letters three Which to my name you often see- The mystic I.O.W. P Dost think that such a bard as I Would in a raging temper fly Because-ha, ha!-you choose to ask A question which, just like a task, Seems very much to trouble you P .A, no; my anger I'll not Waste tUn bards who simply wish to know- 'With what appears unseemly haste- The meaning c -er-so-and-so; I'd rather let them find it out, And give them credit when 'tis due, Than gratify each growing doubt Suggesting aught but what is true. Tlhose letters three-what do they mean The time has come to win renown; Shouldst thou guess right, I know our queen Will place on thee a toffee crown. To know would be to all a gain, And so it's worth your while to tryj For should you make their meaning plain, Why, then-you'll be as wise as I I PHILANgER Muao, I.O.W. ENIGMA. 16.-I am a funny being, as you presently shall sees Represented in old England I shall always hope to be; Though I permanently lodge in both America and Greece, I am always to be found inside your turkeys and your geese. I am safely seen in company with George, but not with Stocks, And though I'm sure to be in time, I mingle not with clocks; I'm caught in Young Folks Paper, very seldom, though, you know, And if I'm not in fish, I'm usually seen in roe. I visit ench theatre, although ne'er a music-hall, And while I like to have a dance, I'm never in a ball. I anc ne'er in any tram-car, though I always like a ride, Aud you've never seen me in an omnibus, nor yet outside. Dear Hector likes me well, and so does Sewell, Birrell too, And if I seldom use a pair of boots, I like a shoe; No dictionary owns me, and no library sees me, And though I don't believe in tips, I'm always in a fee. I am not found in autumn, I'm never seen in spring, But you'll see me in the summer when the little birdies sing; With the winter, too, you'll find me, and the skaters at the lake, And of the world of happiness a portion I must take. S. A. Di BEAR AND 0. F. BLACBURvaN, NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAIM. (Ohange the first and last letters of a word to formn another word expressed in the narrative.) 17.,-Weep, for the summer's dead, Lying in state; Autumn, with stealthy tread, Breathes an aroma dread, And mourns her fate. Mem'roes of summer days Blend with the past; Birds end thleir cheerful lays, All untture humtage pays To winter's blast. Now falls the drooping leaf, Once blooming high; Often the tree in grief, Robbed by the whirling thief, Withers, to die. Sad winds a r quiem sing Over the slain; And as the birds take wing, Hark ! the bells chiming ring " She'll rise again." Ar HaLOrrT, Bnruarc.
NARRATIVE TRIOGRAMtS. (Change the fidrt three letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 18.-Fog I fog I fog I t At morning, at noon, and at eve; A visitant joy to our throats and the tows, A hardy, perpetual study in brovn We mortals aft loth to believe. ]Bt.t ott of the mist people long will not stay, jnd promptlylose temper, their heads, and the way, And frequent bFtations by no means allay Invectives they're slow to abbrieve. Fog I fog 1 fog I November's most luminous charm; Without its attendance no winter's complete, As punctual, alas I as the income tax cheat Who fills us with deepest alarm. The season poetical thoughts to inspire, The age of impromptu profanity dire (With possible haven in neighbouring mire As temper's effectual balm). Fog I fog! fog Thy virtues we'll duly ieoord, And suffer ekaction like heroes, alack! EaOh day with two nights-one that's brown and one black, Though elision of one we'd afford. Oh, make thy stay brief with thy villainous hities And let us, oh; mercy supreme I let its view The streets and the substance yclept mud they adeiil's. A justy a befitting reward. J. STocxs, Lambeth: S.--Bright are the halls of Castlemount, For 'tis the young lord's birthuight ball; And many a noble guest is there To grace that stately festival. Sweet music sounds, the dance It g g The jests are loud; soft love.vows los; Rdare gems flash brilliant in the lights As dainty fans wave to and fro. Handsome and tall, the envied earl, Whose praise by rich and poor is sung, Amongst his guests the gayest seems, With smiling lip and jesting tongue. To outward eyes the happiest there, Yet when the revel's at its height He auits the bannered castle hall And disappears into the night. With hurried steps Lord Arthur goea Along the sombre churchyard way, To where d stately marble shaft Gleams whitely in the moonlight rat. ' Lilian ' is all the record tells; Ah, why does Arthur bow his head, And, weeping like a little child, Clasp the cold stone above the dead P He drops his mask of feignud joy, Ay, drops it with untold relief ; Here, safe from curious, prying gaze, He can pour forth his burning grief. " Worthless," he moans, "is all my powers As naught to me my rank and golds Now thou, my early, treasured love, Within the tomb art still and cold. Back in the festal1 merry throne, He plays again his weary part, None guessing that his smiling face Conceals a throbbing, aching heart. MIRIAM GnAit. NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one Of a word to fdrdi another word, expressed in the narratlvev) 20.-I love the twilight hour, The eventide so blest ~t steals with subtle power O'er hearts that crave for rest. For rest and for that peace We know when duty's past; In evening's soft release We fiud that peace at last. O'er field and forest fail' A sweeter radiance glotti Than e'en the balmy ait' That round its breathes and bloWS. Yea, 'tis the twilight hour That tells of rest and peace- When love asserts his pow'r, And storms their troubling cease. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 21.-Pirst you will find in Aylesbury or in B th)} My next pray shun, and keepo t the right path ; In Y. F. P. find third; while many paint My fourth as fiend, many dub him saint; Fifth means increased, of that there is no doubt; ,Si Vh is the little word that oft puts out The calculations of the wisest man; Last is in Ireland-find it if you can. As centrals and across a statesman see, Whose name familiar to you all must be. E. W. SHURVEL, Lee Greew, SQUARE WORDS. 22.-Night and morniug,.eve and dawn, This is ever rolling on. Water when it's tlis is fine; Liked in many a foreign clime. A certain well-known flavoured drink, Used much in England once, I think. Upon the river's surface gay You often see me dance and play. C. F. BLACKBURN AND C. FAR1NCO BE, 23,-With my first word you form a square, Yet it is round, I will declare. My next is not a hill, 'tis true, But still, my friend, 'tis formed by two. On these high hills, all summer round, Great pyramids of snow are found. Take two from six, and you will see The number left my last will be. E. WA,.