THE PUZZLER. 169— CHARADE.
My first adorns, on every side, The verdant hills and waters wide ; The birds in joy now upwards spring, Till earth and air with gladness ring : And when yon fiery orb on high In splendour decks the azure sky, At morn, or noon, or eve serene, What beauty crowns the tranquil scene ! My gem-like second springs to birth To cheer and beautify the earth ; The muse's aid 'twere vain to press To tell of all its loveliness ; So pure, so perfect, and so fair— With seraphs' forms it may compare j And kings, array'd in regal pride, Through every age it has outvied. But look around—what golden rays Still meet the bard's enraptured gaze ! It is my whole, in lustre bright. That fills his soul with pure delight ; He loves at dawn to see it rise So true towards the eastern skies ; And joys, at eve, to see its crest So fondly beaming on the west. Braburn Lees. 170.—ENIGMA. I'm always in the country, and, oh ! I love it well ; Its trees and flow'rs, its shadowy bow'rs, their beauty who can tell ? You'll find me too upon the rocks, and on the bleak sea-shore— mingle with the breakers, and I help to make them roar; stand in every stronghold that guards our land from harm ; bum brightly in the fires, that keep us all so warm ; dwell in arctic regions, where winter reigns supreme ; Upon the river, too, I sail, and on the rushing stream. My home is on the rugged crag, and on the lofty tower ; In every rain-drop I descend, and in each summer shower. 'Tis my delight to travel—this you may understand, For I'm in every railway train, that rushes through the land. In Parliament I have a seat, among the learned and great, And I am indispensable in all affairs of state. go with every sailor bold, with every soldier brave, And. when at last my сойме is run, I'm buried in the grave. R. B. S. Watson. 171.—LOGOGRIPH. Whole I am to satisfy ; behead me, and I am a letting for hire ; behead me again, and I am at rest ; behead and transpose me, ana I am α large body of water. A. Skinsley. 172.—HIDDEN TOWNS. The labourer warned by coming day, Resumes his simple lot ; With a merry joke, or song so gay, He leaves his humble cot. The yellow cowslips on the banks, And the merry, eager birds, essay To give sweet Nature fitting thanks For never-failing light of day. W. W. Wells. 173.-CROSS PUZZLE. 1. A tree.—2. Support.—3. A christian name.—4. city in Europe.—5. A celebrated English town.—6. Equality of force.—7. A river in Russia.—8. Deep sorrow,—9. An animal. I Francis Barr. 174.—DECAPITATIONS. 1.—Whole, I am a weapon ; beheaded, I'm a fruit ; beheaded again, I'm part of your body ; restored, be¬ headed, and curtailed, I'm a seed ; and transposed, I'm an animal. 2.—Whole, I mean a gift ; beheaded, I'm a high- sounding language; and beheaded again, I'm an animal. .3.—My whole is a collision ; beheaded, I'm what school-boys don't like; and beheaded again, I'm a tree. 4.—My whole is to put suddenly out of place ; be¬ headed, I'm something that's eaten; and beheaded again, I'm a science, which, if transposed, I'm an animal. George Duffus. 175.—FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EX¬ PRESSED. 1—An element and a flower. 2—The noblest in creation and a bird. 3—A river, a vowel, and a measure. 4—An animal and a vegetable. 5—An insect and a snare. 6—A dwelling-place and a vegetable. 7—A celebrated novelist. 8—A celebrated city and vanity. 9—The goddess of love and a snare. 10—An animal and an article of wearing apparel. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 176.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Oh ! what a fearful first my last is in ! Let's hope that better times will soon begin. 1—Poor indeed is the house where I'm not found. 2—'Midst choking sobs and sighs 'twill oft abound. 3—A Spanish fleet you may for this put down. 4—An island that to few may be well known. 5—In Denmark this will name a seaport town. G. Gervis. Tho answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 29. %* For answers to Puzzler in No. 21, see No. 26.