THE IDDLE TOURNAMENT. NAREATIVE PALINDROME. which rena sckwe ds or forwards isstill the same. eax tich re hssed in the nariative.)
yell, y mpress, on my banner but one motto may deaelis"-aand I'm faithful, though I long have efeeble knight that greets you, pleased to be hs yet f s his armour heavy and holds up his lance with pain. this returning, and I soon shall answer Ada's .b:umble call," ,ith the gay Roberto "tilt once more amongst the piae t l;rell's wish is not in vain, I'll do my level bend my knee quite proudly" with Wild Briar, Dyke, and the rest. to hear that Patrick S. possesses still "the power S...e "Cochullin comes from Erin's shore" of .sa estrong wine to drink; some of Sewell' sweethearts have returned his aobing heart to soothe, that sweet Lily's "pale, mild youth" his "long, raighthair" will quickly smooth. lb Katie Moss I'd gladly "settle where the silver .waters flow ;" hAmy , and blary H. to hear the singing birds I'd ial would "take the vow of love and friendship " hind in hand; Do vyJones has" shunned the crew" I do not care io understand. sedays that were and are no longer " Ivanhoe I often har, d when "the summer winds are sighing," II. A. Taylor's voice is near; neath the trees with their drooping leaves" oft by Toss I'm freely led, through "the night's dark shades of sombre gloom " with Casey I have sped. o Captain Kidd comes, "bravo and noble, fierce and bold," all foes to scare, dgood Sir Gawain throws the gauntlet down by which he loves to swear; iliAmberley, who oft has wished, returns to tilt with ardour bold, Ilercules assures us that " these words were said in days of old." liddlers across the water" Felix F. with courtly grace Salotes, ile George's " restless spirit traverses this earth " in rain pursuits; Silver Shield de Bear plays cricket " when the air is soft with dew," L angstou's "worlds and empires rolling onward" slowly fade from view. on comes Vagabonda, whose "true worth shall e'er command my praise," Cule his weapon draws once more and skilfully about him lays; With purpose" Holmes writes verses; Johnson hopes "some folks will road the con.;' Odiford makes a face just "like an apple that's been sat upon." hibnder"to be pitied" manfully has sworn a solemn oath, ElIo Robert le Diable " to keep upold times" is nothing loth ; adLeigh and Dyhes now tell us that they "love to see thes riddle pagec," iDoice Far Niento finds that" Narratives" areallthe rage, rw Barley tries to prove "there's beauty in the : screecheng of a eat," l"on a dark, dark night" "a moonlight sketch" is taken by HI. Watt; sonuolica describes "how beautifully light the paint islaid,' le Stocks, with "disposition sere," makes love to oany a pretty maid. otellus "all about it" comes the Demon Jester from below; It': nothlio, simply nothing," says Achilles, and he oaght to lanow. oth Lucifer and tihitabob have " things remarkable" to say; i Hector sins te " Rat-a-plan," and Wyatt loudly shouts "IHooray!" soch a crodl of gallant knights there may not be mch rooll for nec, lot, Nellie, yeou have called me back, and back again I'm pleased to be ; Ila ce my steed is on his legs and I astride the saddle Scarry me to victory I'll prove the good old nag is fit. PhILO, Glasgow. MONOPHONE. (eoseeld a ldifferent meaning. buat thl a e a in sun)llld.) 2.--What cheer, my comrades of the pen! I give ye merry greeting I 'iglh plased am I to be again Amongst the jovial meeting, To eirst each tilter, old and new, Strive for the poet's laurels, And join myself the merry crew In all their mimic quarrels. O'erjoyed am I to see once more "he lon~g-lost bard of Erin, Tilting as gaily as of yore, As gallant in his bearin'. Oh, Patrick S., we pray you'll tilt As in those bright days olden, Anl long attune with joyous lilt Ilibernia's harp of golden. To H. A. T. I fain would send A oost of greeting joyous; Memory tells how his muse did tend From sadness to decoy us By wity lays. Alas! now rare Are lhis bright ditties clever; A knight like this-so ddbornaire-- From " Tourney" cannot sever. ENIGMA. OBEero, Lond0n. 3.-Unto a certain family A babe one day was born, And their only trouble seemed to be What name it should adorn. "Let us go to grandmamma '- They all cried out the same- And the first word she will say Will be the baby's name." Grandmamma naught knew of this, lhet when told did excloim, "I declare '" That was all. Tell me the baby's name.. NMoltAlt . TWO vEY, Cork. HITDDEN FLOWERS. her at a, Sybil, is dirty, I'm afraid." "Hero .'P so'it oO dog.. On a raised dais you could ceo ysilg,'jfteaotig iu state. The mischievous monkey was Sers tleng some nuts from the plate. In the hot eerbrole n wither awayr and die.-H. E, IsvLIsor,
NARRATIVE DECABPICURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another' word, exprossed in the narfative.) 5.--He rushed in haste along the street- A very wild proceeding- And showed to all he chanced to meet A want of gentle breeding. He dashed along, nor gave a glance To those he toppled over, But left them there to take their chance, Or from the fall recover. His face was muffled in a cloak, His eyes were wildly gleaming, His voice, when by some chance he spoke. Was full of passion seeming. " Stay," cried a policeman; "stay, oh, stay I Tell me your name and station." "Nay," did he answer; "nay, oh, nay. That were a vain relation." He rushed along, for all he cared Not e'en a single rappel; He was, some knowing one declared, The felon of Whitechapel. "Art thou a would-be suicide?" In wonder asked another. " Oh, shut your gab," the stranger cried, "And haste to see your mother." A crowd soon followed in his track, With cries of " Fire !" and " Seize him!" He hastened on and ne'er looked back-- Such noise did not appease him. At last they caught him, and a " blue," Who by some fate was present, Cried, " Now, my bantam, who are you P And why this haste unpleasant P" He gazed about with wond'ring eyes Upon the crowds assembling, But, to the bobby's vast surprise, Showed not a sign of trembling, But said, "For every pain I know There is some great consoler; I go to the dentist down below For extraction of a molar I" HaERCULES. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) (With apologies to Mrs. HcImans' "Pilgrim.") 6.-" Art thou come from the fearful fray at last, Thou that hast fought so long ? Thou art come when thy beauty and pow'r art past-- Thou that wast fair and strong. Thy body is bent, and thy first-less cheek Is pale as pale can be; And thy parched lips can hardly speak To tell what hath happened thee. " Say, what hast thou brought from the dreadful fight For thy shattered frame to pay ? Hast thou jewels that shine like the stars at night, Or the sun on the cupola ? Hast thou trophies to tell of thy wond'rous deeds ? Or laurels to deck thy brow ? Or vassals to bend as they serve thy needs ? Oh, what canst thou offer now P" " I have taken an eye that is black and blue, Yet I count not my struggle vain; And I carry an ear that is cleft in two, Yet I'd eniter the lists again. MIy nasal organ's received a twist That has turned it half way round; And my month bears the mark of a foemai's fist, That has felled me to the ground. "I look in the glass and my face I seo- The record of my fight; And woe to the victor enemy If he comes within reach to-night I For I next in one pocket a four-stone weight, In the other a dumb-bell lies; And I'll give him a 'wallop' across the pate, And smash him between the eyes. "The symmetry goes not from those away, Like weapons of flesh and bone; I would that ere crushed in the recent fray I had such utensils known. Still, let but that conqueror come in range While my present mood doth last, For the sake of the hope that I'll have revernge I bewail not my beauty past." P. J. CASEY. NARRATIVE TRIO RAIM. Change the first three letters of a word to form an,'thvr word, expressed in the narrativeo. 7.-I wrote a roaring riddle once and sent it to a paper, But when it was "declined with thanks" it made me cut a caper. I sent it on to all the rest to see how they would find it, But they in a short paragraph " respectfully declined " it. When I wrote that offusion, in a wild, divine affllatus, My brain was running over-in my mind was'no hiatus ; And I rushed about in frenzy, and not at all partic'lar, With coat tails horizontal, and my hair a perpendic'lar. I gave vent to my feelings like a cat that's taken poison ; I thought I'd put the stars out, or collide with the horizon; For the world was not quite big enough to hold Diomedes. I contrived to shine a rainbow right across the streets with ease; And all space was stuffed with mirages, with pots of gold to capture, And all the everlasting hills were bursting into rapture; The cows, and pigs, and grasshoppers all sung their loud hosaunn, While every Epping Forest tree turned into a piano. And there was that rejected con. that I by chance in- dited, All heaven was boiling in my soul when I sat down to write it; And the seraphs told me, gallant bards, that it would make me famous, If that paper's riddle editor was not an ignoramus. Well, let them print their sappy stuff, for I can do without it, I've shut off my subscription, and now let them swear about it; When they find a son of genius, and a human-nature poet, And a close chum of fair Musa, they don't know enough to know it. DIOIsE'DES. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of thie initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-The name of a town well known In the primals will be shown, Cross Words. Something useful have we here, Which, for amusement, we hold dear. SA hind of bird in this you'll find, Which, in the day, is like one blind. This you have no doubt seen before; 'Tis always found by the seashore, Most English places end in me; I am a weight, as you'll soon see. A fruit which grows in foreign climes, And one we've eaten many times. A black man this, you ought to know. Our task is done, so off we go. H, E, Eslrsaw AND C. F, BncACnKnu.
METAGRAM.i (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-I cannot, my queen, disabuse your mind Of thoughts that I am what i'm not;' And though mysteries fantastic fill your thind, My mystery's but one you've got. Perplexities rise with each week that comes, And puzzlement takes the cake, Because of a legion unique that roams In masks of a secret make. There's a mask in the shape of Foonoolican: Who's he, I should like to know? That he bows to the queenly rule I can I With you and the others show. And who in the world is Philander M. P l'han who is no knight more true, When turned from the rebels who slander 'em That join no insurgent crew. And Toss is one who has made himself Well known since he first made room; With naught may he now upbraid himself But the caoice of that nom de plumeo. Cothurnus comes when he disappears, And I could have cried, alack i But I greatly hope that when this appears To us he will come straight back. The Demon Jester's a gruesome knight, With hot weather ever near; I wish I could whisper him, through some kuight, That Ivan Knows never fear. And here's Vagabonds, vainglorious he's, And licks all creation for brag; To you, my queen, very censorious he's, But some tongues do nothing but wag, Patrick S. has come back, but he's hid, like me, In a mask-yet the man's half revealed; And perhaps he's not been forbid, like me, To display the device on his shield. Davy Jones is a tar, and to fish inclined, But he's just as secret as we; And perhaps, if you were to a wish inclined, You'd hardly him guess more than me. I think I have now said enough, my queen, To show that I'm just like the rest; And their masks are made from the same stuff, my queen, And all can first Time's next-ing test. I can't tell you much of my history, you know, For that is a mystery, you say; But if ever a thought could make miss-try, you know, Perhaps all would shine out as the day I IvANncE, Bel ast. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to forte another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 10.-Oh, Tommy was stumpy, and Tommy was fat, They'd always a trouble to get him a hat; For, oh, Tommy's head was of wondrous size- So large as to cause everybody surprise. But Tommy had fallen in love with a maid- Young Cupid the deuce with his feelings had played. But love and young Tommy, oh! quite disagreed, And, sad to relate, he wont quite " off his feed." 'The butcher's and baker's bills quickly came down, And dire consternation soon spread o'er the town. Were they to lose Tommy, their pride and their joy ? Oh, what could be done foe the suffering boy ? They thought of all subjects, of this and of that, For poor little Tommy had lost all his fat; They tried him with chicken, with cookies, and toast, With kidneys, and pickles, and underdone roast. But, sad to relate, he would not look at " wan," Then dire apprehension with mater began. Said she, " My dear Tommy, you must try to eat- I've a nice water-melon, and it is a treat." But, lo and behold! to the lady's surprise, He called for a bloater of pretty large size. He got what he wanted and finished it all, And licked both his lips, then another did call. He got it, and ate it. It brought back his fat (But it's easier now to get Tommy a hat), And, I'm happy to state of the same little dove, It cured him entirely of thinking of love I DaOFFO AND W. L. MILLER. 11.-What ho ye riddlers of the " T.," My name to you well known must be. I'm a ghost-a shadow-so men say; O'er the briny ocean I hold sway. I've come upon this earth once more To win fame as I did of yore; But not to fight upon the sea, But with a pen within the " T." So make room for a pirate bold, With his pockets full of gory gold. Some other pirates here I view- There's Captain Kidd, friend Davy, too; Paul Jones, extend a helping hand To help me by your side to stand. Ha, ha 1 the storm-fiend now is here- My ghostly crew begin to fear; The waves are running mountains high, The silv'ry spray goes flashing by, The sea is being lashed to foam, So 'll return unto my home. VAND)EiDECKEN. 12.-Glad is the day as at last I have parted Once and for all with that crown which was bad; He, I daresay, thought me quite tender-hearted When I explained no less money I had. Change he soon proffered, and gave me four shillings, Keeping the rest, as I said, for himself; Though I had given my heart many drillings, Fain was I then to behave like an elf I Bad were the times when I found I had tendered One which was good, and retaining the base; He, " up to snuff," by surroundings engendered, Gave me four shillings, all bad, ij its place I1 So once again has the biter been bitten- Taught him a lesson he'll never forget; Fadeless and deep on his memory written, Never again can it happen, you bet! F. JoIsoN, Manchester. DECAPITATIONS. (trop the first lotter of a word. onavinx an)tlter word)J 13.-This in every house you'll see; Now it's flowiug to the rea. This a bird, I do declare; See him flying in the air. Here a pretty colour's seen; This is black, red, blue, or green, See a pretty girl in this; A stupid animal, I wis. We like it this on holidays; A king in one of Shakespeare's plays. In church this word you ofttimes hear; These with the fair sex flirt, I fear. C. F. BLACKBURN AND J. BIRRELL. BURIED TOWNS. 1L4.-Get your atlas, riddling friend, And to you it will show That in Britaiha's happy isle Are the towns I've placed belowv. The world is wide, all have a ch:ance t) learn; The honours of this world arc hard to carn. You will get on, although you suffer pail : He who is shy the goal will never gain. Courtesy or kowledge of this great world's svayo Will bring you honour and respect and praise. Learn all you can and leave to fate tileo rest, Let who will teach, ardently do your best. Learn history; deem it the best thing you can Do to acquire the history of man. E. W, Siui~aVx, Lee Green.
DUAGRAM, , (Ohange the flrst two letters of a word to form another words 15.-It really is a pleasure of the very highest kind When once more m the "Tournament" famsiliar names we find Perhaps we've sadly fatcied they've forsaken us for aye And often may have mourned that they from us have g e away. Although our fellow " Tourney" knights we ne'er may chance to meet, Yet we've a bond of friendship, and their memory's ever sweet; Should any of them wander and ignore our " Riddle T.," How often do we wish once more their well-loved names to see I I'm pleased to find A. Amberley has not forgotten quito The dear old " Riddle Tournament," where he used once to write; Friend Arthur, you were 'mongst the first in Marion's bright reign, And now that Nellie's on Ohe throne let's see you once again. You surely haven't last all taste for " Tournamental" charms ? So up, my sturdy warrior, rise up and don your arms I Your verses plainly show that M~sa has, not from you fled, You still possess that sparkling wit which raised you to the head. It inclination leads this way, you surely can find time To now and then send off to Y. F. P. some merry rhyme. Don't let us quite forget you, and please don't forget us quite- Remembner to fulfil your duty as a "Tourney" knight. You're sure to get a welcoming whenever you appear, So, Arthur, let us often find your cognomen in here. And in conclusion I now venture unto you to send Best wishes for your welfare from your true and hearty friend, H. Orson, Islington. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex' pressed in the narratlve. (Byron up to date.) 16.-There was a sound of revelry by night, And all the district's cats had gathered then Together on the roof; and clear and bright The moon and stars shone o'er that pussies' den. A dozen hearts beat happily, and when Sweet music rose with its voluptuous swell, Green eyes looked love to eyes that spake again, And all went merry as a muffin bell I But hnsh!-harkl-a deep sound strikes like a rising knell. The cats all heard it, but they did not mind, They thought 'twas something falling in the street; The fun went on: the joy was unconfined, And all of them arranged that they would meet Again next night, and raise their voices sweet. But hush I oh, hark I that sound strikes in once more, And all the backyard walls its sound repeat; 'Tis clearer, ay, and nearer than before ! Run, howling cats, it is the bootjack's opening roar i P. WYATT, Nottingham. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) (Inscribed to an old friend with a now name.) 17.-Vagabonda, Vagabouda, What a strange name you assume For at first to puzzle riddlers ! Really, it quite makes one fume. Of course, your tightly-fastened visor Hides your features from our sight; Yet methinks some expert tilter Soon will raise it in fair fight. Vagabonda, have you wandered From our " Tournament" of fame ? Do you seek to win fresh laurels Underneath another name ? Did you once, 0 Vagabonds, Appear as Toss, that merry elf Whom dir Ivanhoe, sarcastic, Begged we wouldn't think himself ? Tell me next thing, Vagabonda, Do you bow to Nellie's sway ? If you don't, well, I assure you, From the lists you're best away. MRlAMs GRAY. CROSS PUZZLE. (Each star represents a letter.) 19.--* * * * * * * * * * e * * Foundation Word: An electric flash. Cross Words: An animal of the deer kind; to cease to live; a period of time; without delay; a design orpur- pose; a white metal; the conclusion or finish; a product of the hen. 'LIBBERTIGIBBET. SQUARE WORDS. 19.-We've priemal'd many a weary mile, From Afric's plains to India's coast; And many an hour would we beguile In fair Italia, Europe's boast ; Partaken fruit in third's fair fields, And could not second fruit so sweet. Fifth in far Ind rich diamonds yields, While fourth in France you once could meet; In fact, fourth was a dramatist Who oft had last upon his fame; And now he's dead he's sorely missed From the ranks in which he made his name. BILLY AND BOBBY.