THE PUZZLER.
570.—SIX HIDDEN WORDS. [One letter must be taken from each of the italicised words below, and these, placed together, will give the solution.] An English Poet. 1,— Chicago, that wonderful town of the West, Subdued by the power of the fire, Haa fallen, but only once more to arise, And soar, like the phœnix, far higher. A Scotch Poet. 2,—2, Who will raise Prince Charlie's standard '~ ι 'Gainst the hated Southron foe, While our sturdy clansmen's broadswords Strike full many a gallant blow P An Irish Poet. 3,— The harp of Ireland had long been mute, As she mourned alone o'er her fate. Till this poet arose, and the land of song No more was desolate. An American Poet. 4.— Along the open, moonlit lake There sped а fight canoe ; Of birchen bark 'twas rudely framed, And many α ripple it lefb ία its wake, As through the water it flew. A French Poet. 5.—The vineyards that gleam in the south of fair France Are laden with purple fruit, And the butterflies flit through the tall« stately trees At a speed that defies all pursuit. An Italian Poti. 6.—'The Alps, with their mantieni ermme-líke snow. Gleam grandly in early dawn. As they tower o'er the corn-yield« that lie far below In the land where this poet was bõrn. Stanley Bramall. 671.-CHARADE. \ ¡My first in Greenland's frigid clime Is firm as solid land ; The natives o'er its surface speed. With reindeer fleet as Arab steed, A joyous, nappy band. My next was oft, in feudal times, , The scene of deadly strife ; And there the haughty Norman lord, Surrounded by bis valiant borde, Ne'er yielded but with life. My whole tbe daring sailor meets ι Upon the Northern seas : A mountain of gigantic size, That deep within the ocean lies. Yet rolls before the breeze. J. G. 572.—ENIGMAS. 2.^ I'm goad and bad, I'm new and old ; I'm rare and common, bought and sold ; I'm often sought and highly prized. And yet avoided and despised. I dwell with woman and with man, In China, Greece, and Hindostán ; In burning deserts, snowy plains, 'Mid summer skies and wintry rains. I'm English, French, and German, too, The Christian bas me, and the Jew; All nations to my power bend ; I often prove a faithful friend. And yet α bitter enemy. Though everyone possesses me, And some may wonder wbat is in me, Yet many risk their lives to win me. Wm. W. Spono. I hide in the dark, ι Yet rise with tlie lark j You always will find me ι In every mark. In times long ago 1 I sailed on the sea When thousands of beings Were sinking round me. 573.-LOGOGRIPH. Α. A. H. Intact, at Christmas time I'm ate ; ' Reverse, but first behead, You see what waiters often get ; A final add instead, Appears a part of self, I know; : Change head, and then you'll see What friende they often do, I trow ; Drop a vowel, there'll be ; What they have done. I beg once more The end to change, and then Appears а race, which oft I saw In England's streets, I ken. Two letters add, intended ι Is now my form, I know, To show my subject's ended— To all I humbly bow. C. Hemmings. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 137. %* For answers to Puzzler iu No. 125, please see preceding page.