THE PUZZLER.
S41.-CHARADE. The muse attempts a theme in mystio verse, The names of first and second to rehearse ; And these combined will doubtless clearly show What a large class of men my whole should know. Of earliest times the weeping muse might sing, And thus my primais into notice bring : How Adam fell from his first high estate, And trod the path of dire misfortune's fate. But see the husbandman prepare the soil; His healthy occupation speaks of toil ; Anticipations, as he goes to me, Crowd on his thoughts of future wealth to seo. Leave now the fields and ramble round the town : Gin-palaces and shops my presence own, Behind the counter with the barmaid gay, And with the busy shopman ever stay. In former times, when feuds and battles raged ; When Soots and English in dread war engaged ; When James on Flodden Hill his army placed, And Surrey's hosts on MUlfield Plain were traced ; The battle joined on Flodden'e grassy field, And Scotland's bravest sons were forced to yield : Thick flew the arrow-shafts from English bow, And thousands of the Scottish clans laid low. That day I drank the blood of soldiers brave, And doubtless, too, in me they found a grave ; In deeper dye I rolled my sinuous way, Regardless of the slaughter of that dav ! A few words now with reference to my second : By many it is honourable reckoned ; By some I am denominated fast ; While all retain me to the very last. In all my vigour I am present now, And sit on both the peer and peasant's brow ; I have a strong desire men's lives to mend, And to war's dreadful carnage put as end. But now to briue my whole before your eyes : The peasant oft tor me obtains a prize ; While if to cultured fields you now repair, You doubtless will be sure to find me there. Wm. Rutherford. 342.—ENIGMA. 1.— On every railway I am known, Which verjr easily can be shown ,- Ι also am a kind of oil, Tho' not extracted from the soil ; Of ladies' dress I form a part ; You see me as a work of art ; In war I'm known a part to take— You'll find me there without mistake : I'm laid, I'm watched, and then I'm fired, And oft for my beauty much admired. W. Garbutt, Jun. 2. —Excelling all in power, by all excell'd, The crosier and the sceptre lo ! I wield. Head of a-church, head also of a state, And yet—strange thing !—I carry but one pate. My offioe is termed "human and divine," Thus 'tU I can in pomp and splendour shine, And am to temple or to council-chamber As electricity in wax or am er. From low estate to loftiest height I oame ; Pray, reader, tell me, have you guessed my name Ρ Henrt Brown. 343 .—CONUNDRUMS. 1,—Supposing Dan, your servant, came With shirt-breast torn half way, To call his notice to the same, What simple words would you then say To name a town famous to-day ? 2. — The moments flit as here I sit These conundrums composing; A river's name of present fame I'm by the same disclosing. 3.—The G. J.'s proprietors once more A nobl ' part have chosen : A Vol. again they've offered for The most approved half-dozen. Now should I chance to gain this prize, And be of same deservant, What difference can between them rise And I, your humble servant ? My answer is before you plain, · So do not be mistaken ; And in conclusion I remain Yours truly, William Aitken (Som, Ayrshire.) 344.—ANAGRAMS ON NAMES OF SOLDIERS. !.. He'll rule wars yet. . Í. A prison he left not. 3. Fear one well, G. 4. Mars to pitch on. - 5. The arms run lean. 6. OMark, do bugle for Η. U. J. J. Maher. 345.—SQUARE WORDS. This is a well-known poet's name ; Another poet of great fame. This one will a fish express ; An English river take for this. T. Hall. The answers to Puzzler in tms number will appear in No. 67. *«,* For answers to Fuzzier in No. 55, please see preceding page.