R _IDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGES. adge the central letter nof aword to form another word, ox. bs* pressed in the narrative.)I
Shr're going to write you some humorous lays, Some other day, not now I efforts will make as deserving of praise, gsr e Some other day, not now I Iewe all these excellent verses indite, h other brave bards will be envious quite, o quicly will send us a challenge to fight- d qukl Some other day, not now I fthi~k that Philander as king will be crownod- S Some other day, not now ! Orcurio (cracked) down in Hades be found, 0r Some other day, not now I Iephisto will sit in his old armchair, Robert le D. ill be probably there, t d broken M ugg they will cherish with care-- Some other day, not now I en will the Olympic appear once again ? Some other day, not now ? 0u earnest desire we shall no doubt attain, Some other day, not now I Oh, Editor dear, give an ear to the sigh f the poor story-writers, and list to the cry of the bards and the poets, and do not replye " Some other day, not now I Oh, when will the naval manceuvres be done- Some other day, not now ? e'll suggest some new taxes to keep up the fun, Some other day, not now I They blow in an hour quite a fortune away, Yet the Lords ever ask us more money to pay; And when asked, " Is the navy efficient P" they say, " Some other day, not now I" Wesaid, when requested to gaze at the Shah, " Some other day, not now I" As the small boy remarked when the cane brought his pa, "Some other day, not now 1" Yebeard up at Court that the Princess Louise, The irst time the tuneful young Fife tried to please, ld offered his hand, she replied, with a sneeze, " Some other day, not now l" another strange story we're going to tell, Some other day, not now bhout a French poodle that whistles so well, Some other day, not now I Some tales most uncanny we mean to relate, Some facts and some "big, thumping fibs" we shall state; Iyou're anxious about it we'll tell you the date- Some other day, not now ! Jo-KING aED A. A. DYKES. AN ODE TO MY CANDLE. (With apologies to the Gas Company.) 2,-Sweet source of light, I pen to thee In praise this weak effusion; A blessing thou hast been to me When I would not my muse shun. Yon oft have confidence restored By radiance refulgent, And from misfortune me insured By favours so indulgent; Thou art the grandest gift on earth, Most luminous of any; I value thee at priceless worth- oun cost me half a penny ! The world may'not much praise bestow Upon thy useful mission, Nor yet thy greatest value know- 'Tis fickle Fame's decision. When storms have raged from night till morn, And darkest hours were reigning, I've sheltered thee from harm, till dawn Left troubles naught remaining. SI gaze a: thee with fondness-shame Can ne'er my actions hinder; I lovingly caress thy flame- My nose is burnt to cinder! Ah, mournful'tis that thou shouldst dio- 'hine end is fast approaching; O'er dire calamity I sigh. For death or life's encroaching. Past happiness I recollect, Each period a blessing; Such future boons I ne'er expect, Thy virtues none possessing. Farewell, a long farewell, sweet light, In mem'ry thou shalt dwell; Thou'rt vanished now in vapour white- Confound it, what a smell MorsE COnnsTo, Hados. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. lhe two central letters of a word are changet to form anothar word. expressed in the narrative.) g-Ihave resolved within the lists to battle, Raie registered a mighty solemn vow To cause the bones of doery one to rattle Wino makes the slightest treasonable row. trom a race of proud and high degree, ' 1 noble name beneath will prove the fact; tld I, the last of all the familee, To lose the lot at longish odds am backed. Iye been to Wardour-street and bought some armour, .bowie.knife, a toasting-fork, a spear, Ashield, with straps to fasten on my arm ; a Stel helmet, too, which makes my head feel queer; jglittering blade-they said it was Toledo- Snapped near the hilt when once I chanced to drop it; had fae rteed of tiue Jerusalem breed, 0, That starts a "charge" just when I want to stop it. .g!llnnt donkley's trappings are immense, Ib nght them at a linendraper's sale 0or thirteen shillings and eleven pence, IucludinR decorations for the tail. Tot hired to bear my silken banner, Ild swore to pay him one and twopenc daily; ps -nedtho stately emblem for a tanner, And sloped-perhaps we'll meet at the Old Bailey. eLOaglose, come I to the "Tournament, " ee~o nQoei Nellie's throne my stead I spur; o hea inclied and back extremely bent, w to ever leal be to her. nme, 0 beauteous queen, the varlet base om eyon waet bounced, or otherwise maltreated; d1d hroobhn ot and fight him face to face, nd prove that Right is not to be defeated. lylad nd y's anxious for a knight, too, Yrvices . ..... champion true as steel; An c she'll ever have a right to, ad nder al protection safe may feel. '1 _all speak at once--I can't take twenty; level o, but it's qoite out of the question; .. ..yme of the female tribe is plenty- fru, m raid, would give me indigestion. LORD Nozoo, London. il ol wiah PALINDROME. ch road backwards or forwards Is still the same.) 4.-A certain part of a ship, In olden times best known; And when reversed by you, The same part still is shown. - R. B EsosIBR, Peterboron4{h.
METAGRAM. (OChheoethe first letter of a word to form another word.) (To P. W/att.) 5.-My countenance gleams with eternal despair, And I groan with a terrible anguish; My pale face proclaims in its sadness and gloom That with deepness of sorrow I languish. Oh, when shall it dawn, that ineffable day, That period of gladness to Wyatt ? Oh, when shall Philander his bricks throw away, As he changes his terrible fiat P Invocations I raise, and I murmur sad odes, As I stand in the night and the vastness; And I earnestly long for the exile's return From the gloom of a far Polar fastness, Sibce-horrible fear !-the two heroes may meet, For joined are the two frigid oceans. (Again as a suppliant I fervently kneel, And resume my ecstatic devotions.) The harsh, hissing wind through the tall trees is heard, Darkness thickens in ev'ry direction, While I bow down my head in incurable grief, And in tears do I vent my dejection. "How long, oh, how long." do I endlessly wail, " Shall it last, this far-wandering journey ? Shall Wyatt come back and Philander return (Oh, ineffable joy i) to the 'Tourney' ?" The moments have fled, and the storm-clouds havo gone, The moon's silver disc shines with brightness; The earth with a luminous haze is o'erspread, The heavens are of dazzling whiteness. My vigil is finished, my night-work is done, By the signs in the heavens do I know it; Through Immensity's space no longer they rush, And so "gone" is the task of this "Powhitt." Yes, Wyatt, I'm glad to observe your returo, And to you be all fame and great glory. Though your pranks have caused me such infinite pain That my locks have become white and hoary. And, Philander, too, " you're a brick," I declare, Though I suspect you wish to be royal; Yet, if you intend to escape a dread doom, I'll advise that it's best to be loyal. O brave gallants both, my advice, please, do take, Henceforth banish all anger and sadness ; With your bricks build a home for renegade knights- Let your first be all whisky and gladness. And now, as I ponder, the omen is good. For the night and the gloom are now ended; The radiant sun with his beams now appears, His beneficent last are extended. W. M. HOLMES, Easingwold. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word ei changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 6.-If ever you wish for some music, Just come to our house, No. 9, Where a whistle, flute, and piano Make the melody work out divine. When the flute starts the "March of Boulanger" You'd think it was "God Save the Queen;" And the whistle, to add to the music, Pipes " Where do you think I've beenP" Last Monday we got up a party, Including the girl whom I love; And I said to Bill, " Work the piano I" And Billum-too willing a cove- Began with " Oh, do not forget me!" But, lor', you know, Will couldn't play; His strange variations upset me, And drove all our friends right away. The girl of my heart gamely stood it For some very short space of time, 'Till he with fresh horrors imbued it, Too awful to tell you in rhyme. She fled 'Twas a horrible wailing, Like voices upraised from the dead; And words to express it are failing, So therefore 'tis better not said. Suffice it to say we have never Repeated to Bill the request To play, or our friendship might sever, And silence we think is the best I S. A. DE BEAR AND H. J. W. OFPOnD. 7.-Oh, father, dear father, come 'ome to me now, The clock it is just striking nine, And the lodger up stairs is a2 drunk as a sow, And mother is making a shine. Come 'ome, come 'ome- Oh, father, dear father, come 'ome l Oh, father, I'm weary and werry nigh dead, Come 'ome to your pore little son ; I've scraped all the skin from the top of my shin, And the lodger's just kicked me for fun. Come 'ome, come 'omo- Oh, father, dear father, come 'omoI The fire has gone out and we ain't got no coal, And I ain't got no breeches to wear; And mother has licked me for making a row, And sister has pulled out my hair. Come 'ome, come 'ome- Oh, father, dear father, come 'ome I Oh, father, ye brute, come home, I implore, The servant does nothing but grin; For mother's gone off with the neighbour next door, And the lodger's a.drinking yer gin. Come 'ome, come 'ome- Oh, father, dear father, come 'ome! [That fetched him; but. oh, my I didn't he just go for me rather when he found the gin in the cupboard, and mother a-making the beds 1] M'GOOSELEY, JUN., Cheshire. 8.-There's a romance attached to a neighbour next door, Which romance is sadly pathetic; It's a tale that I'm sure you have ne'er heard before, Of a person both sad and splenetic. He lives all alone, and perpetually broods O'er troubles that were his undoing, And when he is in his peculiar moods We are certain great mischief is brewing. He would tear out the roots of his hair for a time, Then for a diversion would chatter Like monkeys who come from a tropical clime, Till we thought him "as mad as a hatter." He'd stand on his head on the steps of his house While the people to watch him collected; Then suddenly swear that he'd changed to a monso, And naturally " cheese" he expected I He would lift up one leg and hop down the street. Then crow like a wheezy old bantam; And oft he would say as he dropped on his feet, "My stars I I'm the ghost of a phantom !" For a week at a time he would go without food, Because he considered it healthy; And he'd swallow sweet oil, as he thought, for his good, While with fourpence a week he was "wealthy." "But what is the romance?" I fancy you ask; "It surely must be quite a hot'un." Wo must crave your indu!gence-don't take us to task- That part of the tale we've forgotten I BEFGHoRT. E NIGJ A. 9.-I am a creature small, And I'm disliked by all; And seldom am I caught. Though I am often sought. T. RonmesoN, Shefield,
NARRATIVE KONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressd in the narrative.) 10.-Dear Editor,-A glorious chance My reputation to enhance Has spread its paths before me' A band o-,trusty youths, whose aim Is to acquire a glorious fame, Have wasted incense o'er me. We advocate a noble cause, Well governed by judicial laws, To wield the pen in private life, Yet to engender public strife; The gloomy realms of Tumlin's cellar (Tumlin's our president, you know; And really, sir, a decent fellar- As decent fellars go I) Embrace the sanctum we infest, Where knotty points we all contest, Relating to the "right" and " wrong," As argued by the" Tourney" throng. In short, our band is called a club- A literary freak- Where, spread upon an upturned tub, Is Young Folks every week. I can't explain the true intention That prompted Billy Miggs this week To offer supercilious mention Of what he termed the " bouncin' cheek " That urged my vote for good old T'os (Of whom he should not feel the loss If Toss wrote nevermore !); But when Dick Tumliu brought him round, We found, in pools upon the ground, 'Bout half a pint of gore. Thus I upheld my careful choice, And earned a well-respected voice. " Now, Tiffns," cried Dick Tumlin, then, " Fine Vagabonda threepence I" Said I, "I'll bless the morning when I ever wake to see pence. I've got no coin-I'm poor as mice." Retorted Dick, "Then fine him twice!" Joe Tiffins fined me twice, and smiled To see the president so wild; But the dark cloud of anger passed, And our discussions went on fast. "Behold!" cried Dick, "here's Hercules, A splendid knight, a glorious lance, Whose aims his fellow-knights to please Embrace a sort of dervish dance. How shall we judge his merits, say P And how sufficient homage pay ?" A brooding silence. 'Mid the rest, Up rose Sam Smiggers to suggest That we should deem him king. Ill-fated Smiggers I Let me pause To ponder on the mystic cause That made the welkin ring- Well, not exactly with applause, And all that sort of thing, But cries and yells, until poor Sam (Less like a warrior than a lamb), To terminate the dreadful riot, Was sat upon-to keep him quiet. "If I may speak a word or two," Said Tiffins, with great caution, " I vote we do as others do, And give the largest portion Of the eulogiums we dispense To-well-in fact, to impudence !" The dark-blue eye of Billy Miggs, Above his battered nose, Darted hot fire, like lightning-twigs, As fast his choler rose; But Tumlin, stretching forth his hand, Seized Billy by the collar-band, And cried, " I interpose- We're treading now on dangerous ground; Let that pass by. Hallo I" A sound From the light regions up the stairs Approached the meeting unawares. " In here." quoth Dick, "you can't lie hid; Escape, then, by the cellar grid!" So each, in climbing antics versed, Attained the street, and so dispersed. Dear Ed., I must apologize That my poor tale should thus far wander; But in my next 1 will be wise- A less transgressing VAGABONDA. NARRATIVE BETAGRAMS. (Change the seaond letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 11.-On the banks of a swift-flowing river there stood A youth given up to despair; His blue eyes were mournfully gazing upon Some locks of a maid's golden hair. He held them aloft to the sun for a time. Then through them his fingers he ran; And sighing a sigh that was piteous to hear, These most doleful words he began : " Oh, Miriam, maid, when first I saw thy face Methought I ne'er beheld such courtly grace, A figure ne'er so beauteously divine, That could be classed with one so sweet as thine. I loved thee to distraction, I must owe, My fond attachments, too, I've ever shown; And thou, maid, in return led me to know That you my ardent love would ne'er forego. When I one humble question put to you You vowed to me you ever would be true; And, raised to such a sweet and happy state, I blessed thee and my truly lucky fate. But now the world is dark and drear to me, No more thy face on this earth shall I see ; The time has come when all my visions bright By one hard stroke have all been turned to blight. I met thee, Miriam, yester smiling morn, And with thee gambled out upon the lawn ; Thy golden locks which shine as doth the day In rich profusion o'er thy shoulders lay; And catching thee within my fond caresses, I then began to toy with thy bright tresses. But when you shortly snatched yourself away You left your hair within my hands-dismay I And from thy presence then I madly rushed, My loving heart, since you were false, quite crushed. No more those locks shall you, fair maid, descry, For with me at this moment they shall die." Then presently arose a splash and a cry, And soon all was silent and still; No sign can be seen of the heart-stricken swain Who. it seems, had been treated so ill. DaYDHoo, London. 12.-The torrid sun shines brightly; summer's beams Shed seeming weal upon the meadow-swath; For, scorched and ripened by the solar wrath, The tedded grass with sunlit beauty gleams; Yet, sealed within its being, no one dreams That humid juices lie, whose potence hath An aftertime of raging, which may scath In utter rain what all-perfect seems. So. latent fires of passion dwell at rest In human hearts in sunny times of joy ; Prosperity is not without alloy, For when the heart seems stainless, greater zest For things forbidden may our soul-life cloy; In truth, afflictive winds mature the best. W. M. HOLMrES, Easingwold. DELETION. (Drop n letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 13.-In first, Foeng Folke, you find a friend, A female friend, you know; And a busy little insect My next to you will show. B, Warr,
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words. fo-mesd of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 14.-A lady who has steadfastly been faithful to the " T.," In primals see; A lady who we're hoping will for ever with us be, In primnal see. By sterling merit she has won the high position where she sits, And, really, it can't be denied that she's keenest of our wites; We two unite To shout with might The fame of our dear primals, Cross Words. Here find a title great and grand which every one should know; And this a happy festal time when sweetest flow'rets grow; A man that no one ought to like-he claims his rent too soon; The same old brickis here again by candlelight or moon; A place where all is cold and bleak, and cowslips never grow ; A land that's seldom troubled with a heavy fall of snow; A musical composer's name is here without a doubt; Relation this word is, of course-you're sure to find it out; Place here a tiny instrument well known to nigger-boys; When he returns the mother's heart is filled with holy joys; A fruit which some folks will aver can never be excelled; Place here the last town that King John with saddened heart beheld. H. J. W. OSSORD AND C. F. BLACKBURN. Foundation Word. 15.-A brave and noble man In primals you'll behold; His deeds are read with reverence By both the young and old. Cross Words. A well known liquor is my first, With which some people quench their thirst; A fruit's second, I have reckoned; A governor now Is here, I trow; A sagacious animal is my nest; If you can't find it don't get vexed; An animal here Now will appear; Good-last, All's past. VULCAN. Foundation Word. 16.-London, with its wonders grand, Biggest whole in all the land, in the land where big towns stand. None can equal England's pride; All absorbing, far and wide; countries washed by every tide. Cross Words. Boys their teacher's attention slip To play at first with string and whip i Second in the cricket range Gives the men a constant change; Pitch and toss, and heads will third, In they go without a word; Last's the time to win the game- Bowlers useless, fielders same. W. A. LANSTON, Poplar. Foundation Words. 17.-A riddler, yes, * Of " Tourney " fame; Come, riddlers, guess This riddler's name. SCross Words. This is delightful to sail upon; This is the name of a capital con,; This is a flower most modest and sweet; This we have had when no more we can eat; This is what follows the new coat and vest; This they make jugs of, but china's the best; This is a very delectable season; When cherries are this you may eat them ii"reasoln. And now of this subject no more will I write-- Come, tell me the name of this "merry young knight." .1. W. SEWELL. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word Is reversed, and bears a diterenut meaning in the narrativeJ 18.-Make room for me, a pirate bold, And I'll to you some tales unfold Of how I plundered ships for gold Upon the sea. Below you'll see my famous name, So welcome me, each knight and dame, For soon I shall be earning fame Within the " T." All ships would flee when I was nigh- The "terror of the seas" was I; But that was in days now gone by, Long, long ago. Now, with my other friends on shore, A pirate I will be no more; But I will riddles write galore For high and low. VANDERDECKEN. SQUARE WORDS. 19.-High in the air in a noontime light, Or flying from tree to tree at night. Lamps have always been made of me, Bump up against one and then you'll see. In stagnant waters, ditches green, There my third is always seen. This con. now last-I must away, But not for long, as you will say. C. P. BLACKBURNs AND C. E. BRacaN. DIAMOND PUZZLES. 20.-A consonant. What you do to live. A sword To test. A vowel. T. E. PICKAVANCE. 21.-A consonant. An animal. A European country. To pinch. A consonant. E. JAcKsoN.