THE 1IDP[DLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE OMEGRAMS.
a is te oe . ,"1, i..... ecatlO tt o to fir n oI. . .ther word, ex- htise letter t '1.O ssed ill h ai it itrrativ'.) L-I eR glad to meet yoU, Dlercian, Aola cmnratle ill the "1 ., Ali to see how well and nobly out foriet'g our eumity ; li htoe, wrds so hot and hasty :Ve xClihal1ed not loug Igo A, resigned to dark oblivion, ieholid alike by friend and foe. Yottu have shown yourself most worthy )! i' plahce within the band, A li', hal'f tciuned to saucy \V arwick's power is in your hand; F"o,, yyou know, lie, too, turned traitor, 'untu tt faithful servanut provedl To a wronged and gentle monarch, W\hom his mighty spirit imovedi. Sinoe our hasty mimic battle cianuges have been taking place: W, have lost a well-loved sIng'r, full of tenderness and grace ; Rlltel, brave, yet full of sweetness, She so lttong had filled her post, Showevig all her wondrous powers, Highest in the " Tourney " host. Vainly do we call her hither, Silent still she doth remain; Foid regrets are worse than useless, For they only kindle ptin. So we can butt truly wish her Blessing. joy, and perfect peace, Tw'rin, round her earthly p;t.hway, lIappLtuss that ne'er shall cease. In her stead I bid you welcome : Glad am I to see your name 'PI:.t the other knights and 1 idles Who haive won undying fame. May out friendship prove a true one, oe our p1attlways light or dark; Firm 'midst enmity and trial. Yours sincerely, JEANNE D'ARO. ,I., S. Holns, E tsinqr' ld, in particular, and everybody ire, citulding Philhdander Mbug, in general.) -Justi shout " Hooray !"-that's right; once more i'm hero, alive a .d kicking; Tes, I've survived the wordy war, and likewise, friend, the "bricking I" I live not seen the cold South Pole, ' Th:i.ce Antarctic Ocean's roll, As youi say in your humour; So there goes snap at one fell rap That interesting rumour. Iltaveu't rtirred outside the town if pretty girls and lace, 0 ; I haven't to "great Muug " bowed down, And let him smack my face, 0, IV ittIat retaliating. I iSent off a scathing, keen reply- uo keen--would I had kept it! Itslhun.ige strong the Ed, thought wrong, And he would not accept it . (Wo0 der whether the Ed. will accept this con. If he ese'r-but the thought is too horrible to contemplate! ethiks I will proceed.) Nu,, IMr. ltolmnes, as I have let You have this statement candid, Itrust Philander will forget The words that we have bandied, And once more con his " trusty shield," Ana as of old his " bright lance " wield With Tournamental toemen, And friendship swcer with him who here Affixes his cognomen. P. WYATT, Nottingham. 3.-I remember, I remember, When I was quite a child, Being taken to IL college- One kept by Doctor Wilde. The doctor said he'd do his best To make a man of me, And put me in the bottom class To learn my A B C. I remember, I remember, One tlday when school was o'er I threw a piece of orange rind Behind his study door; We made a noise and out he rushed, It sent him head o'er heel; He split his Sunday trousers, and Shor k up his morning meal. I remember, I remember, He heat me with hi cane Tit, I promised that I'd never Do such a thing again. I behaved myself e'er aft er, Ne'er by me were tricks played; The reason why, I think you know- Because I was afraid. J. LEIGH AND A. A. DYKES. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. I° a trh Il'st ;ii I hit ltetters of a word to form another word, expressed In the narratlve.) alein would sing as others have done long since, I ain would reach the very topmost note; I ause to thuk, and find I've sang no song since Ser 'athier droppet me in the stimy moat. tr" at was fine, and all was calm audl bright till r liuel Iny voiice sud twanged my light guitar; O jplIautice strainus I sang, and all was right till I tought I her,rd the voice of her papal "it, no,' said i. " it is a false alarm !" and Tce more I warbled forth in dulcet tones; Itl +uates more I quickly came to harm, and ' waR eer forget tha way he shook my bones. 'la tilnexpected when he came behind me- wih l too late I'd fled when I was warned; In hi roug grasp be speedily did bind me, Au doused the clothes wherewith I was adorned! Si:ne ti myII voice has been extremely rusty. A ti I told it sounds just like a file; ti Aot hýsi g I hear. " I hope and trust he c~ * ,., hwl lng in that rheumatic style." ', t.. la have shrunk I've never h id them on since Ifu rou camie from out that slimy moat; ,I5tlirub sing as oft I have done long since- Weu, rub St. Jacobs Oil Iupon your throat." T. E. B., Manchester. Bae the NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. etsentr oord to form another word, ex- pressed ii the tlarrative.- lnlItard bar (To flector.) u-W rd, yeur stock of knowledge bright, olth fr more than I posess, .ou"ti move a city with its prae rs, IfAnd drag the critics from their lairs, only you would eons. indite, Io- uud Scoeret thoughts confess. .01 'nthfsliy you serve your qneen, T ) jOcUrey s'5 gifted leader Lificesyou kindly nurture, TheIifti from temhe mire th lurher I yt'~ Ollpmawte we havi sen +fd, "Ot prn reFjP m+ e ..... _
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in i word to form another word.) 6.-I've riddled in the " Tournament," brave knights and gentle ladies; For many years my first has been opposed to others bright and keen, And mixed in ight with many aknight from Ida and from Hides. Oft have I mingled in the fray 'midst gleaming swords and lances, And siu.ele-hauded met a host, although 'tis not for me to boast. Cheered by the hopes of knights' acclaim and maidens' 'witching glauces. Miss Marion Taylor, gentle queen, has yielded up her sceptre, And, a ter ruling us so well, in sweet seclusion fain would dwell, Or p'r'aps it is some other power that from our ranks has kept ner. And n. w, when from her "Tourney" throne our queen has adi, ated, Miss Nellie Watson she has named, that maiden fair and justly famed, To take her place, whereat Miss Nell seems really quite elated. Sir Hercules now tries the game that Mercian once en- deavoured, With wh t success is known to all our riddling bards both great and small, For Mercian fell, and from his heels his knightly spurs were severed. You think Philander worth a crown-the latest of the mwlny. A cloud o'er our horizon looms. You know in Lock- hart's Cocoa Rooms Phil ana mug, both last, would but be worth a copper penny. We have a queen, and do you think that we'd let any uore in ? He might ac-sceptre crown, 'tis true, but such a thing would never do ; So if you give that crown, away, why, we'll give you a flo(o)rii'. LoltuD ,onBET LEh DIABLE. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last litters of a n ond, liaving alnot cr word, ex- presCdi ill the nalrrat ii :. 7.-Oh, Riddledlm ! y ,ur vast exp:nse I roain, And would that I could cia thee ever ho(me; Since, by the hundred, writers wri!e for thee, Let them more clearly see; whvtt they can see, Then kindly tender Friendship's hand to me, Dear Rliddledom ! I love you as wee children love their toys, l)rarer to nme than other worldly joys; Fair Musa, ne'er forsake ie while I live, Give to me all that you ian ever give, Ciherish ine in your mind so inventive, IDear Riddledomi ! If I must leave you, let it be not yet; Let me accept what I can fre ly get. 'V iil i honu:st comrriles hold you up oni high, Yon will live, and living rivas vie; And then you will not, must, not, cannot die, Dear Riadiedom! Dioouvie s. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the tilal letter of a word, I .avisg ,itlther w'orl, expressed ini the ilarli'tti e.i 8.-Oh,list to the birds as they sing in the trees, How happy min, joyous they seem ! Their music so chirning doth flout on the breeze, Their lives must pass by as a dream. Oh. list to the brooklet whose waters flow on Through delis rich in Ieauty arrayedl; Behold nature's spleniour, for soon 'twill be gone, Bleak winter will cause it to fade. Oh, list to the bees as they drowsily hum And flutter among the gay flowers; And watch in the evening as homeward they come To rest from the labour of hours. But, see, creeping up are the shadows of night, The sonug-bird retires to lis inest; The moon rises up, and her radiaut light Makes silver the brooklet's c lhi breast. Anm I-i. AND MAtRY II. MItLLER. 9.-We love to see this riddle page Somnetini's, :ometimes, Its puusters, too, of every ange, Soln' times, soametiiues; Or see the comp,.titors test Their wondrous skill against the rest; 'Tis hard to say which is the best, Sometilnes, sometimes. We love to see our riddles here Sometimes, surmt.imnes; We love a gbums of bitter beer Sometimes, sometilmes. We'd like to see more ladies write, Anti ill this page with cons. so bright. Lamles, will you a con. indite Sometimes, soniet.imes ? J. LEIlon AND A. A. DYKES. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM1. (Ohange the first two 'ties oft a I ril to tforn aniotlier word, ex- pressoud inl the narlrat ii'e.) 10.-When the good ship has been many days on the foam, Our hiat ts will turu back to ,our dcear nativ'e home; We think of the frienus we are leaving behind, And yearn for a glimpse of a face of our kind. Then, whven we espy a white sall on tie sea, Our souls will lift up and our hearts bound with glee; Houaiward bunnd is the vessel trails orted with joy, We houut o'er the billows, Ahoy, ship ahoy ! Chorus: Ship ahy ! ship ahoy ! shouting with glee, Swut rides the barque o'er the billowing sea; Glorious sight, ph anure and joy- bhout, Ship ahoy, ahoy, ahoy I When the wild st rirm is over and hushed is the gale, And the roar of the wind has sunk down t~ a wail. The good ship has vanished, her crew have been slain, And a few wretched plauks holh the few that remaiu. Those few planks will go at the first sudden swell- The anguish and pain of those hearts who can tell? When the rescuiig vessel is sigh ted, what joy Is in the glad signial, Ahoy, s11ip ahoy l Cssorus. Long ago a good vessel was wrecked on the shore Of a deoolnte isle, and was heard of no more; 1Ier crew lingered on, and with feelings of pain They longed to behuld sheir dear home once again. At last thely atre answered, their signal is seen, And with prayers and rejoicing they kneel on the green ; As the vessel comes nearer, transported with joy, They shout o'er the ocean, Ahoy, ship ahoy ! Chorus. KATIrE MOSS, Twickenham. BURIED RIDDLERS. 11.--All among the bar;ey and the honeysuckle sweet I'l spend a hupny holiday, anid ech es from the street Will call to mind the old stoue wall, the dykes whereon I played When I was very young, like you, though timid and afraid. The clouds black burning froet above will fill my soul with fear, SOrI the cn'tsr plstins ratdly vS Cd a stnrm mw drawing
NARRATIVE METAGRAMIS. (The first letter of a word is chlanged, to form another word, ex- Dressed in the iiarratIive. 12.-Miss M'Mauggle, the lawyer's daughter, Shit iu her gardeu shelling peas; She'd eyes like pu liues of dirty waugliter, And skiu tue colour of mouldy chess. Ani many a youth had come to caughter, Many a Iman ihad called her fair, 'Foir Mi,s M1'M uggle, the lawyer's daughter, Of worldly wealth had a goodly shair. 13ut Molly fIuggle, the lawyer's daughter, Was most uudoubtedly hard to pleas-, That lday in the garden young Grcculhead saughter, And gently sauk onil his bneaded klueise. He r:used his eyes to the lawyer's daughter, Aud clasped her large brown iasnculue paw; While the oatuing said, " You didl't augiLter, buch nues of cheek I never saw !" " B.t, angel," to the lawyer's daughter Quott t nervous odelis m ru knight, " l'd drovwn myselt ii Bass's paughter, Or get Ie madly druok or tight, If you don't be, sweet lawyer's daughter, Ever mine, my own, my wife!" And tlen be rose and geUnty taughter That ho wasn't an Earl of Fife. "Baut," he spoke to the lawyer's daughter, 1 still hay. mloney, so don't you tease;" Then forth he reached anl wildly caughter, But in his haste upset the pe <su. Then upward leapt the lawyer's daughter As all her peas rolled over the laud, "'Lt !" she warbled, "or else I'm shawter Do you some learful injury. And Go to-well,fJ, e the lawyer's da;ughter- Leave ue lu peaiu, and take your rook, Unles. you would bathe in tiuted wauguter !" And the youth, n0ow wise, his journey took. So al ye goldiug youths who've uaughter l'onluy r ols I aper of to-day I'ay heed to Lto type of the lawyer's daughter, And take to heart our little ia). LILIAN DOUGLAS AND S. DE BEAR. 13.-You've ne'er seen a real expositionl of cricket U tless you bh Ve watcliho tlht great crIlc..eter Grace, Or sueu Lhulntnul u v with lllts iniedlium pace, Or e', in tWalter Lead take ult pi.ce at the wicket With always a Ioid ai a couulideut face. Where else can you watch a pastime so exciting, ho thrillliii, so graud, tIat 'twill hold you epellbound, Thou vies\ed from the sides of ai great couuty grundi Whalt else wilt arouse you it not to see ligiting Two pouwertul teams, tor the wiluing-p ,t bound P To read of a total-- ,h, how our hearts flutter !- Of live or six hundred, or one that IS IjUi. Or See in the luug-iueld a mis-catcln b; go, Amid the .,n111u d, " OU, you lingers of bitter, You might have got rid of that powerful foe !" At Lord's in the season to view tli:t gr,.at battle 'TwIxt Oxford and Cambrige with oat and witl ball, How tr'in; to watch the slow ptlay llg of Halil! lorw diff'rint O'Blru! We utter, " oh, tuat'll uoonu cause the at onished spectators to bawl!" But cricket at present has one great upholder, Who oa .England's Mnightiest chtutpion to-day; 'l's not Doctor GrsIace I would tor that poelt ay, For where cn you find a true cricketer bolder Than Lhuhianu, the county of burrey's mainstay ? bILVEai ,SHIELD. 14.--B my gauntlet, such brazen assurance Is more thau a mortal can sear; At least, il.'s beyond my eldul cce, Sh10o au mileek and augelic in air. So, Berctlles, it you still live, you To your fear and your sorrow shall find That now l'm ZLuennuig to give you A piece of mu, mnid. You say that " we're" tired of obedience To a maiden so gentle and sweet; And you upeuly iay your allegilnce At L'hlalllder's to ventureteome feet. S.icli a statemlent delalllnds our atLteltlon, And sees ratther startling to mI; So I bug of you kindly t, mntiotlu W\Vo are the " we." You speak, too, in tones very witty Of Netlle's u,,chivaluous acts If she meet with a mouse-what a pity Your tale agrees out with the ,iots! 'Twas out qucen to whom Mcereiau gave under, When the " Tourney " lue sought to snUdue; And she who beat nercian, by thunder, Could-terminate you I And now I am ready for battle As bOon as you like to bgin;ll Your br.zen old shield you mlay rattle 'TJl you've stunned y,.ur own ears with the din. At leauth you've excit.ed my anuuer Till I almost feel ready to swear; You won't give much help to Ptilauder- You'll be busy elsewhere! SIR GAwAIN, METAGRAMS. (Ohane t the first letter of a war, I e.s, lr'n anotmrui w .r !.. 15.-We swore that to write for the " Tourney " again We wouldn't ! As our last first caused such a sensation and pain, We couldn't! Although to great honiurs we used to aspire, Anid vowed we would send our Coln,. 1n by the quire, Our last sheet of paper use just lit the fire, ou we uldu'ct Last night we remarked to stay in was a shame- %Ve wouldn't ! Our landlord at six for tlls rent alwa. s came, ho we didn'l,! We imagined that what we had done was a treat, BUat returned t., discover our goods in tile street; When we asked to get in t..at base lauulord to meet, Vo e couldn't. LUCIFER : I said remain single no louger I would- I wouldn't ! I tried hard to get a wire pretty and good, But I coulun't! I wrote to the palpers, would photos enlocse, 1 got Out une Law~el', as y'ou may supplusl:: What i marry tit gilrl--with a mulouls ry nose ! 1 wouldn'tl Ciitranos: You talk about mar lage ; now, if I were you, I wuui~ii t! I've tried last to " scout " from my wife-it is true- But i couldu't! She iniiduced me oiie night not to come home so late ' W. h arguments weighlty and eloquence great; As tile polnts comprised door-knobs, a beer-jug, and plate, I didn't! LUCIFER AND CHITABOB. 16.-- am a number, change my head five timecs and I am ILtrei.UtiLh, something very preclous to every one, not dark, uwu day, and to take your own lpart. INGaooARt, Widnes. ENIGMA. 17.-1 m a coin that's rather small, But still I'm often used by all; Deduct the half, and you will see T'r"t I sthnrfl thn ijust double hbe.
ACROSTIC. A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 18.-See the battle fiercely raging Over there on yonder lain ; Deadly foes heir strife are waging, Blows are like descending ramu. Many mothers' hearts are yearning For the issue of that fight; Knights, esquires, great honours earning- Woo their country's cause would slight P From the ranks a soldier hurries, Scared and terrifi,,d to see; Quickly o'er the plain he scrries, For his country cares not he, Duty, honour, all forsakiug, Caring not who wins the (day; Co.cienee no remorse awaking, Doomed existence his for aye. Cross Words. If here you condescend to place Au cmolern of the tuneful race, Your efforts truly will embrace Our Jirst. Emblematic truly of England's defenders, For strength and stability famed, In second descry, If you'll but apply The description we promptly have named. This is the lot of man; Define it if you can. 'Twas only a letter imploring That his debts he would quickly discharge; But the ourtc ne'er a payment insuring, The bill he essayed to enlarge. In ages gone This race, now shorn Of power, then existed, A nation great, Though sad t,, state They once true God resisted. With glance retrospective we think iof the past, An,, the many dear friends that we miss; Their features in memory sacred will last: They are this-they are hiss. E. W. GEORGE AND H. J. W. OSSORD. EIFFEL TOWER PUZZLE. (Each star represents a letter.) 19.- e s**e *es** S** *** * 5 * 55 Central letters, read downwards, will name A place ,f nluterest and great fame. In the centre of Japan, Yet it is not on the land, Nor dies it in water stand. A vetry pretty hlittle late In the third duth abound; Anid if the trouble oun win take, in Scoutland 'twill be found. A couctry in America hext will surely be; The tirn a townt in Denmark, You cant plainly see. Around the wirld the si. thi doth roll, And wash the land from pole to pole. The seceatr will surely be A native of Saxony. A Chinese river you must know, That tuto the Tang Guif doth a low; ' los Is larger than the last- Nail thei answer to the mast. Upon the Baltic shore I stand, And upon the Russian's laud. A siuna town in Germany, One you do not often see. A river tiis iu Icaly- I ought to say in Sicily. lI (riece the tneCt is seen- 'Ies a purt, I weeu. A towu on the Chancel Mozatambique; Now you know where it to seek. T his is a town in Ireland, Well known to all of you; It sedis away provisonis, And expands upon the view. Now a river in Euglaud, But one not very great, On which is a large city Standiug there in state. Through oiberia liR s one flows From a couutry where nothing grows. Iu scotland find hese two, So ofteu view'd by you. A horrid little intsect My last word will be; And you'lh fiud it on a map Running to the sea. H. Suermos, Black-water. CONUNDRUMS. 1.-When is grass something else ? 2.-How do we know Venice is a marsh P Aswsia.--l. When its (k)not grass. 2. Because Shakespeare devoted one play to the Moor of Venice. Itsnd wa roiios