THE PUZZLER. 3!)l.-riCTORTAL REBUS.
^ 392.—CHARADE.
.CRADE. Upon a lonely western road, a robber had his den : No braver chief his comrades knew than Donai of the Glen ; His deeds of wickedness and blood had gained him guilty fame, And mothers scared their babes to rest by mentioning his name. No traveller by night or day would pass that robber's way, So dreaded was his name, they feared becoming Donal's prey ; For 'twas the merry days of yore, when might among all men Was held as right, so careless lived Black Donai of the Glen. Black Donai had a daughter fair—a bright-eyed sunny first— And, strange to say, with tender care that daughter he had nursed ; Though he was black she was a blonde, with high and spotless brow- In fact, she'd charm the demi-monde were sho but living now. But at the time of which we write she was a maiden bright, Adored by all her father's band, who longed for her to fight; And if the word she had but said, they would for her have died (At least, in novels I have read whose plots are near allied 'Tis said so, and I'm sure they were composed by better men Than I shall be). Thus lived the child of Donai of the Glen. It happened on a plundering raid with his notorious band, A certain baron living near fell into Donal's hand. The baron was a sightly man, was handsome, brave, and young, And, what was better than all these, ho had an oily tongue. While he remained in durance vile, he won the maiden's heart, And she enabled him to flee, though loth with him to part ; But he had promised to return and take her from that den: That promise луаз a fatal one for Donai of the Glen. For ho returned, though men are prone fair maidens to deceive ; Yet he came back, but not alone, as you may well believe: Behind him camo a hundred men, with spears and coats of mail, To capture Donai of tho Glen, and his stronghold assail. In short, my story to curtail, the upshot I will tell, That when the foe the cave attacked, of course the cavern fell. Sir Potstic with his hundred men confronted Donai then, And now it seemed that all was up with Donai of the Glen. " Surrender all !" Sir Potstic cried, " or else this day ye die !" They sullenly threw down their arms—there луаз no room to fly ; Black Donai for a weapon longed to slay them every¬ one (The mitrailleuse was then unknown, ho had no needle-gun). " As Donai lived, so will he die !" the dauntless robber cried, And fell upon his well-tried blade; but said, just as he died : " Here, Beetel dear, your parentage is writ with ink and pen " (Miss Beetel was the daughter fair of Donai of the Glen). The paper told her that she was an heiress rich and great, And after she had left the cave she gained her own estate. She wore my second on that day when she Sir Potstic wed, But as it was the fashion then, no one remarked her head. She often thought upon the place where she her total spent, And with her children and Sir P. she lived in sweet content ; But at the witching hour of night, o'er moor, and moss, and feu, Is seen to glide the pale-faeod ghost of Donai of the Glen. John Scott. The answers to Puzzler in this number wiU appear in No. 81. *,»* For answers to Puzzler in No. 69, please sec preceding page.