The Riddler. 1.—ENIGMA.
Gird on your genius, gentleman good, Gratify me with a grace ; Have at this enigma, hidden in hood, Leave it not ere you unlace. Here am I fronting you, palpably plain, Mark my magnanimous make ; Glance you, and gaze you again and again, Right your resolve to unmake. Changed though the colours, in all I am seen, Not the least one do I lack ; Red, white, and blue, and the yellow and green, Also the brown and the black. Cut to all patterns of shape and of size, Useful, and useless am I ; Valued and worthless, a blank and a prize, Proudest and poorest alloy. Plentiful, yet from the grasp grimly shut, Easy and hard to be got ; vVhat habitation, house, hovel, or hut, Is there that owneth me not ? Mindful of man, I the million amuse ; Many to mirth I excite, Thousands to shedding of tears and the blues; Hearts I make heavy and light. Many a fiercely fought fight do I found ; Earthly exposures I cause ; Peace I'm proclaimer of, suavest of sound, Stauncher of sorrowful sores. Vanished ah vestige of me, then, alas ! Grieving would visit the globe ; Students would cry, " What a pitiful pass !" Earth in rude ignorance robe. Wonderful wealth would be wasted in wreck, Learning soon lifeless and lost, Commerce receive a most critical check, Countless, indeed, be the cost. Strolling the street by, or ranging the road, View me on ground as you roam ; Nevertheless, for my chief est abode, Mostly I'm met with at homo. There am I blackened by servants below, Lure I the ladies above : Pretty, plain, rough and smooth surface I show, Dotted sometimes with a dove. Habited in my habiliments gay, Lovely, illumined my look ; Wearisome hours do I oft wile away, In the arm chair by the brook. Sail I so steadily, up in the air, Gratis I'm given with shag ; World wanting me, gents, I duly declare You would be minus yonr mag. Cottage and court do I deck and adorn, Social am I to the sight ; Daily I'm looked for at ev'ning and morn, Guess me, then, reader, aright. Truly, I tender the gratitude great, Alphabet, figure, and sign ; Thou and thy dealers have risen my state, Thanks be to thee and to thine ! J. Grundry.