RIDPLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. p th letter of a wLord. le vin another word, erpressed IpOP t1' fart i h artv.
f 1, o leeting years have passed away Since first a maiden came To this our " Tournament" so gay, To court sweet smiles from Fame. She came with trembling step and slow, Her shield within her hand, And took the place Fame did bestow Un her within our band. At first her voice was very weak, Scarce heard within the throng That gathered round, to proudly speak Their thoughts in verse and song. And sometimes her poor strains were lost Amidst the glittering crowd ; And oft she stole far from her post, Her head in sorrow bowed. But soon dull sadness vanished quite, And hope stood in its place; ]er heart grew gay, and glad, and light, And smiles were on her face. For, slow, yet sure, her star of fame Was rising, bright and fair; She gained a well-known, honoured name, And laughed at grief and care. Sweet maidens wandered to her side, And clasped in love her hand; Brave knights her enemies defied, And made them silent stand. The queen herself breathed hope and peace, And smiled upon the maid, Who thought her joys could never cease, Since joy was thus displayed. She strove each daty to fulfil, And kept her honoured post; She served her queen, come joy or ill, With all the riddling host. She helped the weak against the strong, And fought 'gainst rebel claims; She joined her glad, triamphaut song With other knights and dames. Then came a message from the queen In tenderness and peace, Which filled her with amazement keen, And bade her joys increase. It breathed of hopes raised far above Her highest range of thought, Appealing to her earnest love For what she had not sought. With gentle hands Queen Marion raised Her crown of brightest gold, E'en while in loving tones she praised One who had fought so bold ; She placed that envied wreath of fame Upon the maiden's brow, And left with it her queenly name On whom it resteth now. In vain the maiden bade her stay And fill the throne once more; In vain her love she did display To one so good and pure. The queen but smiled, and shook her head In silence for reply, Then from her faithful subjects sped, In sorrow spanding by. Brave, gallant knights, in fond regret, Implored her to remain, And gentle maids could not forget The one who'd caused their pain; And sadness reigned throughout the " T." Of erstwhile bright renown; But one who grieved most earnestly Was she who wore the crown. Then, when the riddlers saw her stand Amongst them as their head, They crowded round on every hand Uttil all sad thoughts fled; And though their memories still arose Towards what might have been, They welcomed one wcom Marion chose To fill her place as queen. ; And so she waits in joy to-day, Before each faithful friend, Whose love no strife shall e'er decay Until her reign shall end; And grateful thanks she would express To those who, week by week, Add to her thoughts of happiness By what their own thoughts speak. She stands before you full of hope For future joy and peace, With powers around her which can cope With war, should friendship cease. With faithful hearts on every side, Our banners all unfurled, Brave, strong, and true what e'er betide, We can defy the world. Nr=UI WATsoN, Cheshunt. 2-The clouds came from the south, The clouds came from the east; The winds, as if from a giant's mouth, Blew the foaming scud like yeast. The waves came.o'er the bows, The lights swayed, wildly blinking; So much the waves' came o'er the bows, We thought the ship was sinking. Said I to my mate Bill, Cried my mate Bill to me. Look out ! look out I hold fast the till, And keep her head to sea." Hurrah, away we scud! There's Leasowe lights a.flashing; And faint on the ear comes the booming thud Of the waves on the shingle dashing. The land lay on our left, The land lay on our right, But straight before, where the whirlwind tore, Was a trackless seam of white, Into the track went we, Over the foam she bore us, Till the land like a mist lay on our lee, And the sea spread wide before us. On through the white and whirling track, A ft as an arrow lying, A moment high on a billow black, hen deep in a hollow lying. A burst from the realms on high That rent the seas asunderi And the light shone faint in the western shy, And the mad gIe ceased to thunder. The elouds had scarcely gone, .nd the ild Wind lulled it tune, When the little stare rose one by one, Withthe ghtfthe fairy moon. spreads.e broad white sail hnd g~tler breeaes ealight he', Bt ota~ay t~hrough the silvery ppray the ftsh of the gl daanlng Water. . I. A., TIxtroa, Birkenhead. (Wods,,, :O OPHONE. .i tirdl r.t msmaning, but the same it sound.) (I-, godA a i staad ,xt the gate For iry r ay from my own darling Kate, 47*.'e there taids a tear,, . ,_ '- I r,,,..Ww. Qrojdok.
NARRATIVE !DUAGRAM. (OChange the brat two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 4.-There's a very old adage which here I repeat, " It's betterlate than never " Don't jump up in haste when a pi 's on your seat- It's better late than never. If you're hard up for cash, and the rent is to pay, The landlord requests you to settle straightway, Just tell him to wait till next Christmas, and say, " It's better late than never." If you go to a concert to warble a glee, It's better late than never You suddenly find that you're in the wrong key- It's better late than never; The chairman starts up, with a frown on his face, And bellows politely, " Get out o' the place !" You're not a Sims Reeves, so you out in disgrace-- It's better late than never. Don't be in a hurry to get out of bed- It's better late than never; If you fall out and make a big bump on your head, It's better late than never; When. paying your fare, you get out of the 'bus And fall in some mud, you must not make a fuss, Nor pick yourself up as you charmingly " cuss "- It's better late than never. If you get in a crowd and are robbed of your cash, It's better late than never; Don't knock the thief down or do anything rash, It's better late than never; If you stay at your club till the small hours of morn. And your wife makes you wish you had never been born, Appease her great wrath with a voice all forlorn, " It's better late than never." If you're watching a train and you fall on the track, It's better late than never; Don't try to elude it, but lie on your back- It's better late than never.... All right I keep your hair on I we've said enough now: You needn't kick up such a terrible row I We're a long time levanting, but still you'll allow That it's better late than never. DRaDHno AND HEcroa. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 5.-What l Pickering returned ? Ye gods! I cry; I thought the sun would fall, the sea run dry, The earth smash up, all lawyers honest turn. Ere Will for " Tourney" fame again would yearn. How often would he first in days of yore Cons. we could read and read, and like the more For reading them a dozen times or so I- For Picky's name would foot each con., you know. Ho I riddlers, gather round I lift high the bowl, And drink to Will, our " Tourney's " life and soul. Now, Gow, come back. Ho ! Wallis, quick, I say! Fred. Coulson, Price. now dawns a brighter day. Ho I Agonistes, ho! Demanches, too, Raise high the banner, wield the falchion true. Now Marion, our queen, the one who long Has cheered our drooping souls with sweetest song, Cease sending Easter eggs to Willie Smith. And use your pen to woo our favourite with. Now, Ed., look up, and don your brightest smile, For Pickering writes in last his ancient style, Returned from other fields and pastures new- And now I think of it, I've come back too I RED CRoss KuIGHT. METAGRAM. (Ohangethe first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-The lilies lift up their faces of snow In the eve's soft light, By the blue, still lake with its ruddy glow, Bathed in the sunset bright. Quiver the first and tall brown reeds As a zephyr sweeps over, Bringing sweet perfume from clover meads, Where he has been a rover. A belated bee, laden and tired, fits past To the hive in yon porch; By the hedgeside glowworms are coming fast, Each with his fairy torch. On yonder second the nightingale sings In the moonlight fair. Hark I how the passionate cadence rings Through the warm night air I GREY KNIGHT. ENIGMAS. 7.-I dwell not in the bright blue sky, Yet float along the air; Oft with the wings of time I fly To every country fair. With drink I'm always to be seen, Yet drunkards know me not ; I'm with the dirty, not the clean, I'm neither cold nor hot. WVith thieves I oft associate, I'm in the midst of crime; In rivers also I must state I spend most of my time. I live in Iceland all my life, I cannot betr hot weather * In weary sin and earthly strife You'll find us there together. I'm always in the winter-time, And ice my name is knowing; I'm in the last sweet evening chime Through all the wild fields going. I am a daughter to the Spring, And live in Erin's Isle; In every loving line we sing, And once in every mile. HECTOR AND C. F. BLaCKBURN. 8,-I was with Noah in the Ark, When water reigned supreme, And now I sail with every barque, And glide with every stream. I twinkle in the morning's ray, Though I disown the sun; In night I ne'er inteJd to stay, Yet darkness ne'er will shun. In th' ocean's foam I always dwell, And in the treach'ronts sea; I'm with the captive in his cell No matter who he be. Old Ireland is my own dear isle, Home of brave men and truie; I bask in merry England's smile, And bonny Scotland's, too. So now, my riddling friends, exert your skill, And try to find my name-I'm sure you will. T. ROONe., Castlerea 9.--I'm composed of all coloures-green, blue, red, and black- In fact, not one hue of the rainbow I lack; i Upon ilour I subsist like all man kind. I weens And I'm used to conceal what is a.meant to be seen. I sm stubborn of nature, andlearn this, young friend, That, if used by you roughly, I'llrbreak ere I bend; But use the tongue softly, and then you will ulid You can turn me and bend me as much as you mind. Warra JIemxa. 10.-I am seen at your feet, and near each tree, Even the birds cannot fly without mel l am seen in every nook and redess, And travel faster than the fastest express. In every shape and form-I am found, And in numerous numbers I abound; No noise do I make as I travel along. So now, dear readers, I'll finish my song. F' Cs FdoT.
NARRATIVE MTAGRAMS. (The frst letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to the c athor of" The Wanderer.") 11.-4The queen of the " Tourney" regrets that a knight Has left the old " Tournament " dear, And that his bright cons. now never are seen In the place they were wont to appear. When the maidens and knights gather round every week, And the song and the music are heard, She waits for a message from Philo the brave, But no, not a line, nor a word. Say, will he ever return P Where is that gallant young knight P Oh, how we all long to see Him back in the "Tournament" fight! If our.entreaties could reaoh him, Wherever he happens to be, Then would that knight, that long-absent knight, Return once more to the "T." But now all is sadness where once it was joy, For this riddler is missed from the throng; We all long to see his dear name in the lists, And hear again his bright song. We wish that ere long back with us he will be, And hope that we don't wish in vain, For our hearts will be filled with gladness when he Returns to the "'Tourney" again. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. 12.-Rosie loves me, that I know, With a love that changes never; Down the street I see her go, Looking sweeter far than ever. If she loves me as she swears- And she talks enough about it- And the love is true she bears, What a fool I'd be to doubt it! So I'm light of heart, although She's a flirt there's no denying; Still, before the sunbeams go. What on earth's the use of crying? Let the folks say what they will, Let the crones and scandalmongers Talk, and prophesy, and fill ' Everybody who so hungers; Let them say I'll soon be sad Though at present I may scoff it, Say I'm foolish, sly I'm mad, Say they're sure I'm drifting off it- What care I for all their blow ? Nothing vexes, nothing moves me; I'm contented now I know Rosie loves me. Toss. NARRATIVE META-DOUBLE.OME GIAM. (OChange the first and two last letters of a word to form another word. expressed iln the narrative.) (With no apologies.) 13.-I went down to town one day, Met a maiden on the way; Asked her if she'd have a bun, Said that she would, just for fun; Bought it, and it cost a d. Then we strolled upon the quay; Wind was blowing very high, Blew my hat right in the sky. Maiden laughed, and so did I: Bought another, with a sigh. Maiden said she felt quite dry- Lemonade I had to buy; " Threepence, please," the waiter said 1 Gave a coin made of lead. Waiter called a " bobby " in- Locked me up for passing "tin;" Didn't know that it was bad- Six months' hard was awful sad I! T. E. B., Manohester. META.OMEGRAMS, (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Sunny June is here again, Smiling with a joyous smile, While first beauteous floral train Tends our fancies to beguile. Flowers in sweet profusion bloom O'er the landscape everywhere, And their odorous perfume Fills the balmy air. Hasten, lassie, next us stray O'er the meadows rich and green, Ere the gloaming's shadows grey On the mountain.tops are seen. We will pluck the heather.bells, With the hawthorn and the rose, In the peaceful, leafy dells, Where the brooklet flows. WILD BawA, Lamplugh. 15.-With some first in your coffee, And some nice next and buttes If you've only these for breakfast You'll have no cause to matter. F. E. HIND. Hull. NARRATIVE META-.OMEGRAM. (COlange the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrativeJ 16.-Too long the muse hath me forsaken, Too long hath stayed away; And, though I've worked with ardent spirit, I could not raise a lay. I did not seek its genial presence In verse to make a mark, 'Twas but to give the reparation, O gallant Jeannie D'Aro ! And though the effort now before you Be but a sickly one, And though it be so long appearing, 'Tis better far than none. So now I take the hand you proffer, My pride and rage are fled; Let all that has been be forgotten, Our enmity be dead. MnBtcix. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-There's a spot I love where the shades are deep, Far from the sunlight's splendour; And I linger there when the flowers seleep, Lulled by the winds so tender. And the grasses, bending low, Under the yew trees' shade, Murmur, "Oh, life is woe, when Rope in the dust is laid." Yes, friends who are dearest go, Flowers that are fairest fade; And life is so full of woe When Hope in the dust is laid. There is one I Idved who is silent now, She sleeps where the winds are sighing, Under the shade of the cypress bough, And my heart in Ier grave is lying. Yes, friends who are dearest go, Flowers thateru fairest fade; Life is so full of woe When Hope in the dust is laid. 1 ILuma M, Doueras, London. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, saah letter of which is treated separately.) 18.-In pain, but not in ache In tart, alo in cake; In road, but not in lane; In profit, and in gain; In summer sure my lost will be; In ovhole an Exhibition see. a J, H. VIVfa. Croidon,
NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning th sa narrative) 19.--Far, far below King Mephy dwells In luxury and ease, While I, forsooth, must be content With meagre bread and cheese; So thinking that one night I would A visit pay below, I donned my coat and hired a cab, And soon was there, you know. But as I entered, Mephy's eyes Seemed starting from his head; His scanty hair stood bolt upright, His nose was turning red. "What is the matter P" murmured I, "You look so very badl" "Be quiet," he roared aloud with rage; "Just hold your tongue, you cad I " There is a knight who would insease The wrath of Hades' king; Let him beware, for he will find King Mephisto can sting. 'Tis Raebeds who has raised my ire, He says I am a ' she' I Who is this knight who dares to hint Such things within the ' T.' P He glared so fierce that both my knees Were shaking in affright; I wished just then that I had not A visit paid that knight. " I beg your pardon, mighty king, I don't know who he is; I always make a rule, you see, Of minding my own ' biz' " " Well, then, just seat your carcase down 1" He bellowed out to me; " I've racked my brain, and now I know This culprit of the T.' If backwards Raebeds' name you write, You'll find it hidden there." I did as bid, and lo ! beheld The name of S. De Bear! "Just tell him that unto the ' T.' A journey I shall take." And then he sneezed and shouted out, " His life is now at stake I" I said I would, and seeing that 'Twas time for me to go, I "slung my hook," and caught the train That started from below. C. FeNcoMxBE, Brighton. NARRATIVE TRIOG}RAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 20.-'Twas only a small drop of water That had dropped from a flow'r-pot above Down my back, yet I thirsted for slaughter, And used words and terms not of love. From my window I'd simply been gazing Down the street with its hurrying throng, When that "tear," with precision amazing, 'Soaped, and brought from me language-wel, strong. 'Twas only a doubled-up doormat That caused me to bark all my shin, And there stood the servant to storm at, Though I'd not the time to begin. But off to my business I hastened, Resolved that our " slave " was a bore, And that for my fall she'd be chastened - Myself would I settle that score. 'Twas only a rope and a barrel That brought me quite prompt on my back; I argued, but found he could spar well, That burly imbiber of" sack." He asked where I thought I was going, With adjectives quite out of placel I hurried away, plainly showing My utter disgust by my face. 'Twas only a very short minute, Yet caused me to just miss my train; So brief there would seem little in it, It went, though a deal 'gainst the grain. So, the platform angrily pacing, I thought-and these thoughts I'll condense- Of the troubles that daily want facing, And the lack of the world's common-sense. J. STocxs, Lambeth. SQUARE WORDS. 21.-This means to leave in a vacant state ; This name never carries professional weight; Payment of articles sent by rail ; Robed in cassock of seamless pale; Here I mean cutting into parts; lweetest of all my French sweethearts 'Tis in the household often seen. The square is simply set, I ween. C. F. BLACKBJRaN 22.-Without my first all things would die; In winter my nzal you'll espy; My third is a colour you all know; And the wrhole square words will plainly show. F. C. FoorTa, DIAMOND PUZZLES. 23.-First is in the River Dee; Reat's to strike, as you will see; Third means corn, as you will find; Fourth, a streamlet, call to mind ; Fitlr's a unit, I am sure; Sixth is in the word endure; Centrals, if you read aright, A rare jewel bring to sight. FLIBBERTIGIBBET. 24.-1. First letter of a popular beverage. 2. A dark colour. 3. A line of English kings and queens. 4. To put on. 5. Sounds like an exclamation. Nao. 25.-1. &. consonant. 2. A small animal. 3. A boy's Christian name. 4. A number. 5. A consonant. T. Plxavoan.