THE RIDDLE BOX.
HOUR-GLASS PUZZLE. THE central letters form a town of France: I. An uninhabited island of the Malay Archipelago. 2. A city of Pennsylvania. 3. A town of Spain. 4. A town of Brazil. 5. A river of England. 6. A consonant. 7. A market town of Spain. 8. A river of Naples. 9. A mar- ket town of England. Io. A town of Lombardy. II. A town of British India. ALDEBARAN. ENIGMA. I AM composed of twenty letters. My 14, 6, 8, 5, 18 is a surgical instrument; my 17, 19, 9, 5 is an animal; my 20, 7, 4 is an adverb; my II, I, 1o, 14 is an insect; my i6, 8, 4, 14, 13, 6 is a well-known poet; my 15, 16, 8, 6, 2 is to despise; my 14, 3, 12, 6 is a nobleman. My whole is a proverb. S. M. G.
HIDDEN WORD. BE not in despair, Ella, but seek a bee. Oh ! forever and aye ! to find one like those that are in the cabinet of the professor who lived on the Dee. The hidden letters spell a well-known article of school furniture. L. G. CHARADE. MY first is part of your face; my second you feel when you are cold; my third is a letter; and my whole is an animal. NIP. DIAMOND PUZZLE. I. A CONSONANT. 2. A boy's nickname. 3. To re- store. 4. In order. 5. A puzzle. 6. A hag. 7. Sup- plies heat. 8. To repent. 9. A consonant. FAN-FAN.
PICTURESQUE ENIGMIA. 7, 8, 5. I, 9, IO, 5. 4, 8, 12. 6, 2, 12, 3. 12, 13, II. THIS is a novel enigma, but can be easily understood. It should be read: " My 7, 8, 5 is"- (what the picture above the figures represents)-and so forth. The enigma is composed of thirteen letters, and the whole is something good to eat.
PUZZLE. SIx young ladies who attended the same school were each known by a name that spelt backwards and for- wards the same. Near by was a boys' school, where were three lads known by names which spelt the same either way. On Saturdays, at the time of day spelt both ways alike, the boys and girls were allowed to play to- gether; and the mistress, whose title is spelt either way the same, often joined in their sports. Sometimes one of the girls would call a little boy by a familiar term, spelt the same either way, and he in turn would address her by another, which was soelt the same either way. One young lady, of a somewhat devout tendency, said she should like to be a woman spelt the same either way, but her companion said she held a different opinion, spelt the same either way. One of the boys had a little animal spelled both ways alike, which he called by a name spelt the same either way. Another boy had a large Newfoundland dog, which was such a giant that he called him by a name spelt backwards and forwards the same. One day, one of the young ladies was copy- ing something, spelt the same either way, and another was taking her music-lesson; the latter mistook some- thing that is spelled the same either way, when her teacher uttered an exclamation, spelt both ways alike, and said he was afraid that something she was using, spelt the same either way, was out of order, although he had seen her using it the other day when sewing on some cloth, spelt backwards and forwards the same. Just then a young gentleman, whose father held an office spelt the same either way, called to say he should like to take her out riding in a vehicle spelled the same either way. Being a little timid, she was inclined to re- fuse, but he expostulated with her, using a word that is spelt the same either way, assuring her that the horse was gentle, and the roads spelt the same either way. " So take off that thing, which is spelled both ways the same," said he, "and come along." Her cheeks had been flushed, but now they spelt both ways alike. They took their ride, and on the way saw a little boy trying to do something, which is spelt the same either way, with a new toy, and another lad trying to feed a chicken, sick with an infirmity that is spelt the same either way, with some food, spelt either way alike, while a party whom he addressed by a name that is spelt either way the same, stood looking on. A. S.
SEXTUPLE SQUARE WORD. I. THROUGH passing centuries about me clings The wealth which rich association brings. 2. An overcoat I might be called in jest, Though under me was never worn a vest; Part of a flower, part of the human frame, And q fair open leaf, all own my name. 3. Against my third, our nation, as you know, Rebelled about a hundred years ago. 4. My fourth in many a shady spot is found, To gladden by its beauty all the ground; And when you see it after summer storms, One-seventh of something beautiful it forms. 5. My fifth you do when, writing to a friend, You've brought your long epistle to an end. 6. My sixth I so despise, and all about it, I wish that I might square my word without it; Heads that hold fewest solid thoughts may use it, Let wiser ones persistently refuse it. J. P. B. ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. BLANK SQUARE. FILL the blanks with words forming a square: There is not a- of truth in this - which says that the was bought for -- NIP.
REBUS. Si 3Fft.0 ·~·~D-/ 4cr-J~ ~
PATCHWORK. FOUR very little things it takes To make the sweetest thing on earth ; Without it, wealth and station are Of very little use or worth. I'11 tell you where to get the parts, But you must put them in their place; A pleasant task 't will surely be To add to beauty so much grace. One little sprig of heliotrope, One blushing rose, one violet; From each of these one portion take, And then one part of mignonette. A. s.
A PERFECT FTGURE-SQUARE. THE square is composed of sixty-four figures, and the- sum of each horizontal and perpendicular line, and also the sum of each diagonal of this square, amounts to forty-eight. Each perpendicular column of figures must be composed of the same figures which are found in its corresponding lateral column, in order to form the per- sect square. What are the figures, arranged in their proper order ? ALDEBARAN. DOUBLE CENTRAL ACROSTIC. THE two central letters, read downward, will give two of our feathered favorites: I. Creeping. 2. To ravage. 3. Secretly. 4. Grateful. TYPO.