THE RIDDLER
1. NARRATIVE REVERSION. Fu a rhymer of reason addicted to treason. And fond of the season of love's softest dream ; And being fond of kisses, quoth I, one day, " This is The time to hunt misses who loving Use seem." 80 arranging my ourls in neat little furls, I waltzed through the meadows a-hunting for girls ; I only saw two, but I found they would do, For between those two damsels my scheming fell through. The first was a siren who seemed like desiring, My ardent admiring to come to an end ; But suoh, I may mention, was not my intention, 80 without apprehension I lisped, " Dearest friend, My apologies take if your musing I break, But F ve seen you elsewhere if I do not mistake." Said she, with a pout, " Of that there's no doubt, I'm the maiden wot waohes yer offices out." Her action prophetic soon found an emetic, In a maid who pathetic-ly wandered alone ; ás no one was near her I thought I would cheer her, And darling and dear her, and call her my own. Bo I with all haste put my arm round her waist, and from her sweet lips took an exquisite taste, But joys quickly fly. for suddenly I Found my back on the ground and a fist ln my eye. rhere her lover did stand with а whip in his hand, Which he merrily used till my back was quite tanned ; When the. innings were o'er I solemnly swore that though maidens might sigh I would seek them no more. John Kennedt (Middlesbrough). 2. NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. Ob, riddlers, will you list awhile, while I a song will sing, About you all (don't fret, 'tis in your praise), and of tbe many merry bards, who make this column ring, And many a hearty laugh they're bound to raise. There's V. D. Taylor, whom we greet with many a friendly word, His verses and his cons, we g! idly greet, What better captain could we need? No better bard was heard, Than our V. D. T. whom none can hope to beat. The above two lines I dedicate unto another baid, As au answer to his very recent con., And, Droffo, though your query we, at first, thought rather hard. Don't you think I'm right, whom I've decided on f Mow, Robert William Andrews, I, a tribute to jour lines Will give, if you'll accept my bumble praise, And your recent clever riddles are tbe most distinctive signs Of your genius, which you well know how to raise. On Albert Dykes and Robert Wood it needs not to comment, Their clever cons, we greet them week by week, And A. R. Sti itch and Schofield, who well kuow the "Tournament," Two better bards 'twere difficult to seek. And then there's Ы. J. Bethel, who I'm sure will well uphold, Our riddling column's fame, ro widely spread, And Herbert Maisb, who 'mongst us occupies a corner bold, His cons, are with great pleasure always read. And I'd like to sing the prai es of some other riddling bards, Who well deserve the fame that they have won ; But really, my good gentlemen, you're very knowing " cards," You're determined that you never will be done ; But your artful tricks bave roused roe oft into a state of ire, And I sometimes pice about, and wildly fume, Ind the murmurs that break from my lips are truly words of fire, " Ob, cuss these fellows' beastly noms-de-plume." E. N. Habrís (Acton). DECAPITATION. Ik a castle there Uvei a bold baron they say, Who slaughtered all цаше that perchauce crossed bis way, Thus he kept a full larder and dined like a king, And careless and happy through life he did sing— With a tooral loo looral and tooral loo lay. But, alas 1 one cold winter the beasts they all died, Not even a fox in his woods last espied, His form lost its roundness, his voice lost its ring, But still Яг it bold baron continued to »ing— Wi .li a tooral loo looral and tooral loo lay. The frost still continued, with nothing to eat, This very bold barou grew faint on his feet, But careless and happy himself he did fling Ou a divan, and there he continued to sing— With α toorál loo looral and tooral loo lay. The frost it still lasted, the poor baron sighed, The end it has come, then he lay down aud died ; But e'en as he died and his soul it took wing, With his very last breath he attempted to sinu— With a tooral loo looral and tooral loo lay.
Now the castle is empty and haunted to boot, Within its dread chambers no one dare set foot, For e'en as the clock dread midnight does bring, The ghost of his voice is heard trying to sing— With a right tooral lido right tooral Too lay. Eh! NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word expressed in the narrative.) Do you not think our riddling band Equals any that's in the land ? Bright gems of rhyme its pages show, From Andrews, Harris, and Nemo. We need not yield supremacy To other banas, though good they be, While we've such riddlers, staunch and good, As E. J. Schofield and R. Wood. Fine verse does V. D. Taylor write, I love to read cons, by this knight, A friendly chord in my heart strikes, When I read lines by Nash and Dykes. Now there are two I must not miss, But I will finish after this, Young Bur: h and Ajax are the two, And now I'll say good-bye to you. Dmorre. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. FrrzNOoDL* Pumpkins was a youth, An Anglo-SaxoB bred, A goodly youth, but now, alas, Through angle-o-mania dead. In calm or storm his time he spent, By flowing stream or pond, In pursuit of the gentle art Of which he was so food. One day, now just two years ago, He passed away a martyr, For fishing for some pike he caught (7) What proved to be а " Tartar. He pulled and tugged with all his might, But fruitless was the btrain. The fish pulled him beneath the waves, To ne'er appear again. t Apostrophe. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. Now that Christmas time is o'er, And we'll see that time no more, Till another year we've rolled around the sun ; Still we must not be forlorn, As all a.rrow we've foresworn, And another year of gladness we've begun. So rise up and shout with joy, 'Tis the bett thing for a boy, Who e're has caused to bless the good old time ; Think of Easter-tide to come, With Its hot-cross buns to some, And aloud tbe bells of Hampstead they will chime. Now in this our " Jubilee," 'Tis with pleasure that we see, All our efforts to be joyous are returned ; And our Ed., be is a "brick-," Close to him we'll surely stick, Till his favour and his praises we have earned. H. J. Bethell (South Hampstead). 7. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. 'The first letter of a word is changed to form another word expressed in the narrative.) Rob the Riddlkr, riddler good, Could you not be cailed R. Wood ? I think I have rightly guessed. Once, you know Wood, you confessed Tou had used a nom de plume, I am correct, I presume. In my surmise, am I, Eh? Kindly answer me I pray, And if I am right please say. DRorro. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the last two letters of a word to form another word.) Dear riddling friends, I'll become a great sage - By and bye. My con. shall always head first page- By and bye. Yes, every week my name you'll ese Leading this page in the " Jubilee," And last I'll shout and dance with glee— By and bye. My cons, shall never get declined— By and bye. The way to the W. B. they'll ne'er find- By and bye. Oh Lor ! my only brother Ben, Has been and broken my nice " J " pen, So tata for the present, but I'll write to you again— By and bye. Albert A. Dykes (Southampton).
9. PALINDROME. А сом«; song I sing- Once or twice. I write on ode oh " Spring"- · Once or twice. Yes, an ode on " Spring" I writ«, A begging note indite, And have а roadside fi,;ht— Once or t я ice. I pawn my Sunday clothes— Once or twice. In bed till first, I doze— . Once or twice. I often get quite tight, Lose a bet or win a fight— Bun past burial grounds in fright- Once or twice. Perdita. 10. MONOTONE. (Words spelt and pronounced the same, but havini different meanings.) The Solent brave is looking, The waves are spark ing bright, And see ХЪе/lrtt in grandeur, Now coming into sight. The athlete on the cinder·, My next must always be, Or 'tis no use his ever Competing there with me. B. L. Jefferson. 11. ; DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word to form another word.) There's quite a glorious band, who together take а stand, * ■ To uphold the famous " Riddler" ia the Jubilee, But really I can't see why they all should mention me. For wbat I've done to earn it I eannot see. But to primal riddling knight, who tang of this poor wight, My final earnest thanks I humbly bring, And I hope that everyone in the happy time to come, Will very often in the " Riddler " sing. Alberta. Dykes (Southampton). 12. Children in my flvtt delight. Now behead and then you'll find, What all birds use in their flight Theu is brought unto your mind. Fred Le Noir. 13. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. Он, what a deal of trouble these puzzles really la$t, Excuse me," Ed.," don't think I mean to slight theirt, lhe pozzies may be right enough, but here is whe:-·; I'm fast, What the dickens must a fellow do to writo them. I've been cudgelling my brains till my head is aunlvd quite, In fact, to tell the truth I'm sure it's hollow, So if any of our readers have α theme to first to-night. Let them wrap it up and post it to Apollo. 14. CHARADE. Once more the Muses' aid wo must Invoke, And pose in rhyming lays aga η ; Once more we don the rlddler's pleasing joke, To tune up in а puzzling strain. An animal of great domestic worth, ' That grazes on sweet meadow land ; Gloomy times are nigh should tliere bo dearth Of this most useful friend, and bland My next was known in prehistoric times, And later still in our own days, 'Tis found at home and in foreign clime», Endeared to all in mauy ways. My whole, in Buffalo Bill's Wild West, Has raised your hearty cheers and cries ; Come now, my friendly riddlers, do 'your best, Solve the problem—win tho prize. W. Jackson and S. Richard·. 16. ENIGMA. What Is th*t which comes with a person, goes witl» a person, is no uso to the person, and yet the person can't go without it? С. E. Branch (London).