THE PUZZLER.
604.—CHARADES. 1,— 'Twa8 in the world which we call new, Adjacent to our cot. That couBin first was bred and born, And spent his days, I wot. Now, when he'd grown a second boy, We played together oft, And ifa lad molested me, His coat he always doffd, And fought away like chanticleer, But would not stir a peg Till he had gained the victory, And made him pardon beg. One morn iu May we rambled forth. And reached the bank of whole, And there we had some jolly sport With Farmer Wilson's foal. But ere we'd frisked and danced about With Wilson's foal an hour, We saw a third, a second third, Alight upon a flower. The plant on whioh the flower bloomed Was growing on a mound, And cousin firet, in catching third, In total fell, and drowned. Joey Brown. 2,— The coachman, or the soldier brave, Do often say my first ; And from yon ploughman in the field Tou'll often near it burst. My next will name a pretty bird, Which, people say, can talk ; It in the woods I've often heard < When I've been for a walk. My whole's a very welcome friend, Whose name you'll quickly guess; The contributions therein penned Always command success. J. T. Palmee.
605.—DOUBLE ACROSTICS. 1.—Ov all the crimes that mar Britannia's fame— Of all the horrid deeds that taiut our name, I This bears the palm, as each one will agree ; Its equal ne'er again I hope to see. 1. Made famous by a fearful crime. This village sweet has been ; 2. This pleasant town in Germany Tou soon will find, I ween. 3. No doubt the victim epoke in this, And begged her life he'd spare ; 4. The villain ehould be this, I think, And dangle in the air. 5. The scene of many a bloody fight, The cause of war and strife ; 6. Whoe'er commits this fearful aot Shall be deprived of life. 2.—Атл. you who have read of this now famous battle, Where neither big guns, sir, nor cannons did rattle, Will perhaps be surprised when I tell you I've heard, As a positive fact, that it never occurred I 1. " To arms—to arms !" ye soldiers all— What, heard ye not the bugle's call ŕ 2. Or was it, p'r aps, the tramp of this That made ye all its wild notes miss ? 3. Come, get ye this ; the battle'now begins, Hark to the beating of the foes' tocsins 1 4. It grows in India, and, I must confess, When it's applied to me I'm in distress. 5. A Scottish seaport—yes, I think I'm right : 'Tvvas here that Bobby Burns first saw the light. 6. When on a summer tour you depart, Be sure you have this with you ere you start. 7. This seaport's on the Adriatic shore ; Italians will have heard its name before. 8. This beast is truly termed the forest king ; Its thund'ring yells oft make the old woods ring. 9. An article of jewell'ry by ladies worn ; 'Tis made of gold or silver, bone or horn. 3 Tttd i I id
3. — The storm-tossed mariner guide From danger's path to turn asido. 1. Whilst driving home, the night was cold, The cart gave this, and out I rolled. 2. My Lord Tomnoddy has crossed the sea, And on the Continent is he. " Tet though a lord of high degree, While travelling, 111 be known," said he, " As Mr. Thomas Green. Ah, oui !" 3. In the song of Hiawatha, Darkness thus you'll find expressed. Cov'ring earth with sable mantle, When the sun sinks in the west 4. On the west coast of Scotland these isles will be found. With the mighty Atlantic's green water around, 5. 'Twas here a band of chosen men (Their fame will never fade) Defied a host of Persian foes, Until they were betrayed. Stanley Bramall. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 146. '*«* For answers to Fuzzier in No. 134, please see preceding page.