THE PUZZLER.
65.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1—A distakt elime that knows not mortal tread ; 2—Δ battle-field where brave men fought and bled ; S—A thing we often after dinner take ; 4—A little word ; a lover's heart 'twill break j 5—A disbeliever most abhorred and vile ; в—A noble's title and a Scottish isle; 7—A river flowing 'neath Italian sky ; 8—A language : stupid people think it dry. Th' initials will a mighty hero show ; The finals, one as great, or nearly so. R. B. 8. Watsoh.
56,—DIAMOND PUZZLE. Those down below in order take, And they a diamond square will make, Which square's external letters round, To name three poete will be found. 1—An insect this in sound ; 2— 'Tis quite retiring this ; 3—At no time this is found ; 4— This Spanish name now guess. 5—A town in Netherlands; 6— To fire into a town; 7—The stream laves burning sands Tou must for this put down ; 8—An English town you'll find This one will appear ; 9—A river comes to mind When this, the last, we hear. Janše Whittakkb.
57.-NUMERICAL CHARADE. I'll give you a sum in simple addition, It shall be very easy, and not at all long, So here by my side please to take your position, And list to this novel numerical song. My first is a number—a small one indeed ; Multiply by a hundred, and, voita, my second; For my third and my fourth repeat this j then proceed To add what the half of a hundred is reckon d, Which stands for my fifth ; next a third part of ten Please to take for my sixth, which is also my last. My whole is a thing which is well known to men : You will see it no doubt ere the winter is past. W. H. Wool
Wool. 68.—CHARADE. My first keeps time well ; My last hath oft spent it ; My whole doth time tell, Sonomoreanent it. J. W. Mum. 59.-ANAQRAMS ON AUTHORS. 1—Dark licenses, H. C. ! 2—Sam clearly hot. 3—Hope ! Roly, Notlant. 4—Ra, Tapman, Catriyt. W. W. Jacksos.
60.—DECAPITATION. My whole is a large hammer ; Behead me, and I'm a ridge ; Behead again, and I'm on the brink. A. Reoch.
o. 61.-CHARADE. When death the bonds of life hath burst, The corse is placed beneath my first ; My second helps to make the pall ; My whole is used, I ween, by all. W. W. Wells.
62.—CONUNDRUM. I wandered o'er the battle plain, All thoughtful and repining ; And brightly o'er the gory slain The western sun was shining. I saw a drummer-boy at rest, In death's cold slumber lying ; The vital current from his breast, The grassy vale was dyeing. Now, reader, tell me how that he In life the fastest thing could be ? Wm. Aitken.
63.-SQUARE WORDS. 1—A fireside implement; a fruit; the plural of a favourite toy ; a remarkable circumstance ; sup¬ porters. 2—To change ; to desert ; the claw of an animal ; to call upon; to renovate. 3—An element ; a metal ; a way ; the extremities of anything. P. Trinder.
64.—SHAKSPEREAN DIAMOND. 1—A consonant. 2—A character from Shakspere. 3— Ditto. 14— Ditto. 5— Ditto. 6— Ditto. 7— Ditto. 8 and 9— Ditto. The above form a diamond ; the central letters read downwards and across give the name of one of Shaks- pere's plays. T. Lidüerton.
. 65.—CHARADE. My first is a number ; my second a vowel : my third a child ; and my whole a poet. W. W. Jackson.
66.—HIDDEN RIVER. With α melancholy, dismal cadence, the wailing tones of the woman s voice came faintly over the bleak expanse of moorland. I listened intently ; but though I stretched my hearing to the utmost, all I could do was to distinguish the words, " Ever, never —never—f or ever l" Gyíeíllo»,