THE PUZZLER. 279.-PICTORIAL REBUS.
R M.ELY •'«даг E80.-ENIGMA.
My first is found in darkness and the night» Amidst the dens of tigers, on the main ; Seen in the moon, when she is shining bright» . And heard when poets make a mournful strain. My second in the sea and land is found, Amidst the caves of ocean and its spray} Where daisies grow, and on the pasture ground, In every castle-wall, and every way. My third is the forerunner of a prince j Is found in apples, pears, and gorgeous pink ; My whole is on your hat, and ever since The world began, its power has caused a wink. Geo. J. Bell, Jun. 281.-INITIAL PUZZLE. 1. Δ mount of Thessaly. 2. Without. 3. Beholds. 4. Alone. 5. Secure. 6. Tax. 7. City on theYoune. 8. Faults. 9. And a town on the Singitic gulf, In order written down, form oblong one. 1. An isle of Greece. 2. A planet. 3. Force. 3k Tho mind. 5. A platform. 6. Stream that through north of England flows. 7. Confirmed drunkards. 8. Oceans. 9. And α town Near Peru, the second oblong will compose. In these two oblongs, if correctly formed, Two large initial letters may be traced, Which represent a special friend to all Who for sound sense and learning have a taste. R. W. Johnson. 282.—CHARADE. When Ahab, Samaria's king, was ill, My first was used by Jezebel, And forui'd a mark God placed on Cain When that bad man had Abel slain ; A mark which often spoils the face Of all the sons of Adam's race, And will, as long as time shall last, Or care and sorrow all be past. My second's a peculiar sound, In many Saxon words 'tis found ; A sound which no man can express, Except his tongue his palate press; To try me first in any word 'Tis simply futile and absurd ; I am like a woman in my way, Always having the last say ; And though the fact look like α riddle, I am never absent from the middle. My third а prudent tradesman tries To place before his naked eyes At Christmas, midsummer, and such, And reads with grief or joy how much The English nation soon will know, Through great financial Robert Lowe, What his new-fangled scheme will be When truly weighed and tried by me. My whole will a large district name In England, not unknown to fame, Who's towering hills in summer time Look majestic and sublime, And who's parochial map will show A Paradise and Jericho. С A. Pontepract. 283.—"HEELANT" ENIGMA. Ye Englishers ayont ta tweed, She'll gi'e a puzzle tae, man ; ι An' if ye can hur heelant read, She's unco gled ta-day, man. Wha lives amang hur Scottish hills— Hur bonnié hills sae dear, man— An' by hur dashin' mountain rills, Sae sparklin' an' sae clear, man. She's harmless—but mark hur weel— She's unco heicb an' prood, man, For gin ye gaug hur pulse tae feel, She'll gar ye whustle lood, man. She's пае a cooard—mind ye that !— At fechting she's a star, man ; She'll scart an' bite like ony cat— Just touch hur gin ye daur, man ! £ae, " shentlemans," just come your ways, Au' see ta glorious sight, man ; But when ye wander 'mang hur braes, Так' care she doesna bite, man. G. Douglas. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 52. %* l'or answers to Puzzler in No. 42, please ьее preceding page.