The "Littlo Folks" Special Prize Puzzle @ompytition, (For the full Regulations see page 48.)
i. WHAT DOES THIS DIOLL OF ROSIE'S SUGGEST? 2. JHY is a city omnibus on a rainy day like an alderman going to the Lord Mayor's feast? 3. biY first is swallowed by my second, as is my third; my fourth is to be seen in a cup and saucer, and also forms the end of my very useful whole. 4. SHE picked up five letters, and said, " Oh, fie, What three of these spell that never will I : Or drink three others-I love it not, But Jerry, the coachman, likes it hot. I would rather have four to put on my gown Than on three others venture, and tumble down." 5. I HELD it safe, a dreadful thing That might destroy a crowned king; I bound it not by chain or ring, Yet did it not escape me. But when discovered by a Jew, It was no more ; that's all Lknew, And never could I find it." 6. O]ST girls will run away if they but hear us in the distance; yet, when near, they take us on their knees, and handle us firmly and without a tremor. 7. JHEN is a school-boy like an artful salmon ?
S. J/[Y Lord Tomnoddy Has caught a fish Too big to lie On plate or dish. He cuts its tail From off the body ; "'' It weighs nine pounds," Says my Lord Tomnoddy. " See, all the tail, And half the body, Weigh the same as the head !" Cries my Lord Tomnoddy. Then the body alone He puts in the scale, And it weighs the same As the head with the tail. Now the weight of that fish, Head, tail, and body, Is the sum that puzzles My Lord Tomnoddy. 9. THREE sisters wander through the earth, Three sisters fair and good ; The second woke at Nature's birth In Eden's solitude. The eldest's life it ne'er began Till reverence filled the soul of man; The youngest lovely as a dream In life-in death reigneth supreme. Tell me who are these sisters three Who wander forth o'er land and sea. ro. IJHEN would it be most advisable to walk on a pound and three-quarters of rice ? "i -I I X 1i II. AIIAT MUST A LOOKER-CN CONSIDER THIS SCENE ?
12. /HY ARE THESE THREE SPOONS LIKE THESE PUZZLE PAGES ? 13. JnY first is a town; a big thing was named from it. My second is a town; a prince once escaped from it. My whole is a town ; in the south seek for it. 14. THIEF stole a whole hamperful of fresh fish, and, being pursued, scattered its contents in all sorts of unlikely places, but soon a clever lad found and packed them all up again. Some were in a cutler's shop; some were hidden in a hen-house, or spread over a gentleman's park; one was plain to be seen on the top of a city train; most were being scattered under foot in a crowd; several were hidden about a prize-fighter's, and more were in the possession of a pretty house-maid clean- ing a window. Her scolding mistress had had lately some on hand, and was openly using parts of others in her business, the shop being lighted by countless-what ? 15. IHEN does throwing a snowball at a stranger make him resemble a baked apple dumpling. 16. IITTLE Mabel Smith and her big brother Augustus were passing by a deep well. Mabel, stopping to look down, fell headlong into it. When Master Augustus, coming home alone, was scolded for not even attempt- ing to get her out, what excuse did he coolly make ? 17. JHICH are the cleverest letters in this book ? i8. 1OW many entire peas are there in one plateful ,,f S split peas ? 19. TWO thousand one hundred, each divided by one, Names a person who causes both anger and fun.
20. 1HIICH of the Roman emperors would have made the best bull-dog ? 21. FIVE of us are known, I ween, Though each and all we are unseen, Affecting beggar, lord, and queen. Make one of metal, silk, or leather, And you may wear it any weather. 22. ]ALS a fish, Half a fish, All a fish. 23. W-HEN our Tommy his alphabet read, And for L he kept on saying Z, Why did it resemble fresh air or red flame ? I would have you to find out and tell me the same. 24. UHICI-[ of the Eton school-boys goes to bed in the dark on examination days ? 25. W--HAT bird would ever be readiest .to pluck all the other birds if only it got a chance? 26. W-JHEN is the baby's cotton frock too lively ? 27. ILJHAT spur hurries time along ? 28. TAKE twelve holes in a square of card ; then cut the card into four equal pieces without cutting into any of these holes. 29. ~ IEN is a fine lady like a cockatoo? ~-- 30. WIAT PECULIAR MODERN EDIFICES DO THESE REMIND YOU OF?
31 \IlHO could gie the most trustworthy information concerning Ihe potto .disease? 32. I-IAT SHOULD YOU SAY THIS MAN IS? 33". 'I red or blue or yellow, The guide of many a fellow. Far over land and over sea, Where men can go, there can I be. Some see me very lowly lie, 4ome see me moving very high, Some see me blooming very nigh. A little child can make me, A sturdy man scarce break me, A breeze can snap or shake me. I am thrust down with blows unkind, And stamped on by the merest hind, Who roughly sets me in my place, With many a'grunt and odd grimace: 3 1. JV V second's, of my first the fifth, Equal my one and three; My two and four each other match, As all can plainly see. One hundred times my third--no more- Will show my last, 'tis many a score ; My whole it has for form nor feature; Its meaning's known to many a creature. 35. IF from nineteen you take the fourth of four, And count again, you'll find an even score. 36. FFY)V thick coat is bitter, and so is my skin, Yet nothing the worse is what's hidden within.
37. W\dT HAT proverb asserts an impossibility ? 3S. I MAY be plain or handsome, still my grace Is praised in many a crowded meeting place ; Yet while- thepraise is loud, I turn a side, Having no face in which I can take pride. Often I spread gay plumes,- yet have no wing. You hear me fluttering, yet I never sing; I may have bones, for them I cannot hide, Yet neither legs nor arms can you deride. Sometimes I am most gorgeous, dressed in silk Black as the raven's quill, or white as milk; I travel most by night, yet move by day, And work my hardest while you people play. 39. f17Y first, you see it plainly, sir; MIy second, why, that is my singular self; XMy third, I declare it is both you and I ; And together we're watching my whole in the sky. 40. m YV country cousin, 'Mary Giles, asked the name of a certain building, and how the people were kept warm who lived in it during the winter. \Vhat one word distinctly answered both inquiries ?. 41. WH-IEN is a drawing-room like a London street ? 42. Qne winged its way from a chemist's shop, And one from-over the road came flop! One flew from the joiner's, and one from a field, And many sharp idlers soon were revealed, When the last came up headlong, I hurried to look, For I thought he but lived in a picture book ! As most of them died when the night did fall, Out came Scarab us, and covered them all. 43. OW nors t.., vI Is il DRIN? 1-
44. J-fHlAT imps should all young folk most especially avoid ? 45. GO out into the world, if you please, and fetch me from the countries thereof. A tea-tray, some cups and saucers, some bread and" meat, and, oh, you must not forget the pepper ; I must also trouble you to bring me some fish, and I do not think your gift would he complete without a glass of wine, and a river of fruit. 46. f AIR as the morning beam, And lovely as a morning dream, That fadeth with the light. Dusk as the stormy wave, That beats adown the noble and the brave, In the dark tempest's night. So lovely, fair, so terrible am I, And if you find me not, you faint and die. PAPER PUZZLE. 47. CUT one-sixth out of a piece of paper-this shape. Now cut this paper twice-so that the' three pieces, laid together, may make a perfect sqiiare. 48. iN eminent Cornish engineer is known to have made many for the benefit of his eldest son and daughter, yet never could they be seen or found, though very often they were heard by all persons in the neigh- bo urhood.
49. JI-IAT IS THIS BUY HAVING FOR LUNCHEON? :o. VJIHEN is a Scotsman like a donkey
51. OUR JIdVENI.LE PARTY. And I but'that.was too rough; Then we tried at Charades-and our John wi, Who " ith a big dragon pretended to I was the princess, that to save he was able- As we had not a rock-I was A tubful of water presenting the sea- iMy champion upset it, while fighting for me, And slaying the dragon-whose tail of brown paper- Being moved by a long string-cut many Till at last, having struggled with. might and with main, It lay on the hearth ug-Jack's spoon in the brain. 'Mid frantic applauses, the hind legs came out, And the front knees, through stiffness, inclining to pout, While the hands that so valiantly flourished the bruom, Talked of "crick " in the back, and of not hav ng room- Of getting a kick from the boy who was " crupper " But-hip, hip, hurrah !-that's the for the supper. Then down we all hurried-a right merry crowd, : and each read the mottoes aloud, Then we tried on the odd things that made uslook frights- Yet delighted the heart, of the big ones or mites- ' lThen we ate-as we laughed at what every one said- Till our party broke up, and went late home At starting, the girls numbered just twice the boys- You would hardly have thought so, because of the n, ie- When five boys had gone home, each one taking a sister, Of lasses were three to each clear little mister- How many in all, can you reckon-if so Pray send me an answer-that all Folk may know.