THE PUZZLER. 355.-PICTORIAL REBUS.
356.—CHARADES. I.—To the Editob, Sib,— After scribbling and writing, And many a sheet of broad foolscap inditing, I send you a first, and I think I should tell ye Of the many mistakes and mishaps that befel me ; In the first place I called it my whole, which was wrong, sir (This correctly applies to a book or a song, sir) ţ And as it was wrong, why, it could not be second, So in calling first whole, sir, you see I mis· reckoned. But I think if the first you will kindly peruse, To pronounce it now second, you cannot refuse. And please to consider the state of my fingers, For just where my pen was the sign of ink lingers. I fear, too, I've made a great mess of my hair In trying to rouse up the brains that aren't there. I now will conclude, with the hope that this letter, a Prize will obtain, so remain, Yours, et cetera. W. J. S. Pilpold. 2. — Come! see the famous R. S., Turn its wondrous pages o'er ; So full of entertainment, Replete with modern lore. Look ! what a beauteous picture. Here, whata sprightly song, And now my first you'U do, I ween Ere you look very long. The scene is changed, before St. Paul's In wonder lost we stand, We gaze upon its wondrous dome, So stately and so grand. Its hoary walls, with noble mien, Have weathered many a blast ; For years untold may they stand secure- Ne'er see the fall of my last. My sister found a splendid ring, With jewels fair besprent, She showed it me with merry laugh ; I to a jeweller went. I asked him with my whole to test. If it were solid gold ; He looked at me, and laughed at me As if I had been sold. "My friend," said he, "be not deceived, More brass than gold there's here j All glitter is not gold, you know, Although it shiues most clear." If all my hints you've failed to catch, And still you are in doubt ; In Shakspere, I'm a character— You're sure to find me out. J. S. Bruce. 357.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The gallant ship is buffeted, Æolus bellows loud, The white spray dashes o'er her deck, Ay, dashes o'er her shroud. But Neptune clamours for his prey, And will not be denied ; The vessel brave succumbs at last, O'erwhelmed on every side. 1. She sailed from Merrie England, with A bravo and gallant first ; 2. And second, too, around her sides- Attack her then who durst. 3. For volleys to salute her friends, In lieu of courteous word ; Or grapeshot for her foemen, peep The cannon from each third. 4. Ah ! little thought the gallant tar, Who walked the oaken deck, And smoked the soothing fourth, how soon The ship would be a wreck. 5. If you would fifth about the fifth, But there-----I'll say no more, 6. And to the sixth we will pass on, Who was a maid of yore. ' · 7. The seventh, too, is just the same, And this one is the last ; How truly glad am I to say That all my trouble's past. W. J. S. Pilpold. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 70. %* For answers to Puzzler in Ко. 58, please see preceding page.