D THE \T RIIDLIE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. toP tin tw o tt 1 o0 p wordd IvinV Rnother word, ox- prcsscld In the na.r'ltve.l
1.-I once had an Uncle Whose name was M'Bunckle; He lived in a house by himself- A bachelor greedy, With clothes very seedy; Strong drink was his hobby, And up in the lobby He kept a supply on the shelf l He never was frisky Unless he had whisky, And then he would dance for an hour; He always had handy A bottle of brandy, And also some very Large bottles of sherry, In case be caught cold in a shower I "For pains and diseases There's no physic eases Like giu I" he would loudly declare; He'd sit in his garret With barrels of claret, Get into a stupor With gallons of cooper, WYithout even turning a hair I One night from a party My relative hearty Returned in a stagger, for he Had been heavily drinking, Was rolling and blinking ; Fell down in the fender Upon a place tender, And what happened after you'll see! A very hot cinder Fell from the "' finder," Which made him rise up with great haste; Be dribbled and stuttered, And scrambled and spluttered, And vowed on the spot That he'd drunk his last " hot;" And now no strong drinks will he taste. HECTOI AND S. A. DE BEAR. NLRRAI TIVE DECAPI-CUBTAILMENT. rop it irst and Inst letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) -I was having my coffee and eating my bread This identical morn, hen I yelled, " Where's my Paper which I haven't read?" With expressions of scorn; ad I munched at my breakfast-an Indian unfed Wasn't in it with me f- ile I opened my Yoeng Folks. " Good Christo," I said, " What do you think I see P" y wile, who's good-natured-one year we've been wed- Exclaimed, " My dear Shield, y, what is your matter P you look nearly dead- Oh, please don't be keeled I" Ers. Silver," I shouted, "a conflict I dread; I see a terrible row qauickly maturing." "Oh, don't you be led In this fresh battle now," y better half said. "What, what l" I exclaimed, "Don't you see I must I" Bnt you might be hurt, dear, or injured, or maimed; And that ain't the wuast I" losh, bosh I Mrs. Shield. Do you want your spouse blamed For shirking a fight P by, Imight be made king, or otherwise famed I" "Oh, yes, dear. you might!" owever, I'm sure some bad knights must be tamed, So gimmy my sword; here's Mophisto I. Bex a challenge has aimed (Upon my silvery word, is sensational king should be truly ashamed) At inventive De Bear; d as he my passion has greatly inflamed, Behold, I am here I ad I cry that Raebeds' remarks are quite true. Now, whadderyersay P hat Diable, and Watson, and Christo are peo ! Don't answer me "Nay." gird up your loins and await for your cue To join in the fray; 'm ready to sever and cut you in two-- If you get in my way I SILVER SHIELD AND HIS WIFE. CURTAILMENT. (I)rop the final letter of a word. leaving: another word.) 3.-Curtail a little drop of water, Oft round little children's eyes; A refrealsing beverage you'll then see, rood for headaches, I'll advise. A. T. HOWES AND G. S. AsTIas. MONOPHONES. (Vordofdifferent meanine.ibut the same in sound.) Arouse thyself, bold Switzer of the hills, Sd join once more in that which sorrow kills ; hlong have we been absent from the "T.," hough ;irst is " duty" for our righteous plea; lt nowr, as merry summer comes apace, Let Is return and take our vacant place; O'er monn ain tops let's wander as of yore, And to our name the lustre old restore; Nowis thle time, while occdpation's slack, To battle for resignbd honours back. Thyfathner's ducks must learn to feed themselves, Or rolhr food from other biieds shelves eAnt they will not ko short of food; Snn P' re ute--they gull the multitude. te,' oide lst banks, and to the "beaks" are ta'en, I their ide -walks are to the world made plain; hio , in turn, will leave our flocks to roam boillt util'tis time to leave for home. Andillbill our cry again is raised, lnd'midst the hills and valleys gaily plays. ! bhllo impatiently I wait To her thy voice which rouses echoes great; Ael knohwe is it for many miles around ake, bold S., the old familiar sound, herln rh I see thy form appear i. he1 liss, against the sky so clear. Reb1 ! speed to meet the friend we g th w oe in writing cons. to blend; A.ain th e riddling knights will know have sung ne o f Switzer and VAN BUNG. 5.-I met dear Alice in the frst, ad said, Dearwill you be my bride I" She rosped as she .aised her next, "No, sir," and quickly left my side. J. H. VIvaIAN, Croydon. a ltterDOUBLE ACROSTIC. et as well as the initials, term a word, or words.) Foundatioan Woa ds. -, read~ddwnwards, give the name of a bird. 5wUs, give the name of a great man. A laind of .loth Cross Wetds. ,s, A coa~:" Ias seen in winter. Nothing. Work- *",. :,a Americ, A kind of sledge. LEOPOLD.
. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is lihanged, to form another wot,'ex. pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Once there was a lovely creature, And her name was Jenny Hair Oil; And she loved a human monster Known to men as Micky Dripping, Fond of wine and whisky sipping, And the light fantastic trippinmg, Pleasures which the low term " ripping," And the high treat with disgust. Oh, he used to put the dash on, That was when he had a mash on, For he was a youth of fashion, As he need be if he must; Thin of purse, though thick of crust, Treated other folks as dust, And when other folks objected, Oh, 'twas sad the way he cussed I But she loved him, and adored him, Oh, she loved him, yes, she did; Loved him, licked him, cuffed him, kicked him, Made him do as he was bid. And he did it, wisely thinking, As young lovers rarely do, That, while he was five feet nothing, Jenny, she was six feet two I But one day, alack, alorum I Oh, alorum, and alick I When out shopping, staring, stopping, Suddenly her heart grew sick, And went bumping, jumping, thumping, Just as if she'd seen Old Nick, And I think it would have busted Had her ribs not been so thick; For before her walked her idol, This time not so idle Mick, With a pipe, and brand.new topper- Such a beauty, such a whopper I- There he strolled, and coolly shunned her, And a smile his visage wore, On the arm, or rather under, Of a maiden six feet four ! Screams and scratches, snarls and snatc:::s, Lots of skin and lots of hair Flying all about in batches, Here and there, and everywhere; Fighting, biting, beauty blighting, Like a school of howling boys; Oh, the dismal, dismal echoes ! Oh, the dreadful, dreadful noise 1 Will the struggle cease P Ah, never! W ill they fight it to the death ? Will the battle rage for ever ? No, they pause and gasp for breath- Pause, and glare one at the other : " Where is Micky, alias Mick ?" "You're a cat !" "And you're another !" " Where's the youth that played the trick P" Thsn they both arose much injured, And went looking o'er the green ; Sad to state it and relate it. But the youth could not be seen. Long they searched in expectation For the cause of all the pain, Filled with fear and trepidation, Hoping it would not be vain. But at last, their pain to ease, sir, Turning over half a brick, There they fonnd a spot of grease, sir- That was all they'd left of Mick. FoONOOLICAN. 8.-Each Sunday, when the night is still, And bright the summer weather, We seek the church upon the hill- My chum and I together. And there, no matter whether it Be Easter week or Passion, Upon the chairs of cane we sit Among the folks of fashion. The choir is sweet and not too strong, The organ's tone is ringing; The sermon, too, is never long, And all join in the singing. And there, close by the place I sit, Where grows the shadow darker. Ant when the pretty maid deems fit, Sits gentle Edie Harker. And Edie's face is very fair, And Edie's eyes are lighter Than stars, for eyes there never were More beautiful or brighter. And though I love to criticise, And though the sermon's speedy, No matter where I turn my eyes They always rest on Edie. And there I gaze and never tire, No fairy form is neater; Sweet are the voices of the choir, But Edie's voice is sweeter. And when at last by fate's decree Time forces us to sever, Thou I perhaps forgot will be, But gentle Edie, never! Toss. (Ii apologies to P. Wyatt and others.) 9.-Tommy's mother Gone to town, Restless Tommy Can't sit down; Th ese remarks we Softly hear: " Wonder where she Keeps the beer ? Where's the pantry ? Where's the key ?" Now he's found them, Shouts with glee. Piece of pudding Looks so nice, Whispers, "Shall I Take a slice ?" (Mother, up, to Tommy's game, Sprinkled lots of Salt on same). " Must have something Just to eat. Oh, the sugar Looks a treat I" Cuts a slice and Takes a bite, Spits it out both Left and right; Mother laughs and Sisters roar, Tommy vows he'll Steal no more. CanACrAcus. 10.-Dear Maggie, I'm delighted To take your proffered hand, To own a friend so kindly Amid the "Tourney" band. Four years ago I ventured (I wasn't quite thirteen) To crave a word of welcome, And bow before our queen. And often have I wandered, Great changes I have seen, But always bought my Youj Feolkr Wherever I have been. I join with you in wishing OQnr Y. F. P. success; And to our Ed., and old friend, Unending happiness. LILIAN DOUG1(LAS.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavingsanother word, exprbssed In the narrative.) 11.-Sweet are those realms, unknown to earth, Where lovers meet in perfect bliss, Where Cupid finds immortal birth, Where yawns not Death's unbridged abyss; Its dim locale I cannot tell, I simply know there lovers dwell. There hallowed meads and shady bowers Combine to form a lone retreat, Where lovers spend Elysian hours, And kindred twin-souls fondly greet; All feelings, passions, they are gone, And love is left the only one. Last night a period there I spent, How long a time I cannot tell; I simply know I came and went, And saw again my Claribel. Who else loved there I cared no jot, External things I noticed not. I could not live in such estate, When sundered wide from Claribel, Unless a hope cheered my dark fats, To roam for aye in that fair delli; But when shall dawn that longed-for day I cannot tell, I may not say. W. M. IoLlas, Easingwold. (With renewed apologies to Dr. Murray.) 12.-She retired to her parents' back lawn, Over Fate's cruel usage to mawn, For with groan and to-do, Her lover so tro From her tender embraces was gawn. And she heard the old omnibus hawn, While she watered her daisies fawlawn. Now the driver, you know, Who was called Jolly Jhow, Wanted Kitty to be Mrs. Thawne. "Mr. Potman, adieu I" said Miss Katherine Wawne; "To a higher estate 'tis clear I am bawn. Making such an ado Through an innocent sho Just reposing a bit on your cawn I" MINNA. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 13.-First is a bird which sings so sweetly, And also is the slang for schoolboy fun ; Behead, and then you'll see a kind of ship, Of which, in olden times, there was but one. H. E. ENGLISHs, Peterborough. BETAGRAM. (Chanso the second letter of a word to form another word.) 14-.-At last have come the summer days; Flowers are springing, Birds are singing All their gladsome happy lays. At an end is winter's reigning; First to northern regions Retreat his snowy legions. There for many months remaining. Now the sweet pink may is blowing, Scenting the warm breeze; Beneath the willow trees Sun-kissed second swift is flowing. Workers pent in city dreary, In this summer.timo Leave the smoke and grime, Leave a while your toiling weary; Bevel in the country pleasures, Frolic 'mongst the hay, Throughout the sunny day, In woods, gather floral treasures. MIalhn GIAYr. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Ohaurin the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 15.-The day was hot, the lake like glass, Full frisky were the flies; I threw myself upon the grass, And blinked up at the skies- The skies, ethereal lake of blue, Fit kingdom for the fairies, And as I gazed my fancy flew To those blue eyes of Mary's. Mly Mary, can I e'er forget That stroll along the jetty P Such eyes since then I've never met, Except, perhaps, in Betty. Ah, Betty, yes, her eyes were fair, And bright as golden guilders; ulit even Betty's would not bear Comparing with Matilda's. Matilda, fairest of the fair, Ah, how she loved "a fella l" Till Jones at last went off with her, And I .went off with Bella. l3 it Bella left me, too, for good; And, though I know 'twas silly, ily heart had broke-I'm sure it would- Had I not met with Lilly. And-let me see-was Lill the last P-- Dear Lill, so tall and dressy- No, now I think- Hold, not so fast, There's Katie, Fan, and Jessie. But there, enough; 'tis vain to pray These names will e'er diminish; If I don't close at once this lay By Jove I I'll never finish. Ye female shadows of the past, Begone I my heart o'ercasting; Each one I thought would prove the last, But none, no, none are lasting I FoosoulICAN. (To Hereward the Wake.) 16.-Behold I behold ! I come, I come, As the storm.fiend onward flies, With the sound of the distant cannon's boom, And the dying warrior's cries. I come, I come-let the bugles sound, And the mountains shake and reel; Let the rocks be blasted to the ground, And the thunder loudly peal. Oh, cruel is the knight who turns his hand Against his sovereign's throne, And brave is the knight who takes his stand In duty's cause alone. Who shrinks not'midst the battle's din To charge down on the foe; Who still fights on when he cannot win, And gives back blow for blow. With pride, Sir Hereward, did I grasp The hand you proffered me, And back to back on our chargdrs black Wd'll fight the enemy; And though they come in hundreds strong, We'll flinch not at their might, But firmly stand with swords in hand, And strike out left and right. C. FARSNCOBE, Brighton. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form anothter.) 17.-I took my first from off my dog, And swung it rotmd and round; But as I did so hit my next, And a liasty wound I found. A. T. Howes 4AND G0, S. Aorm's.
NARRATIVE META.TRINOGR' ' (Change the first and third letters of a word 'to form another word, expresses in the narrative. Only words compoeod of six leotters and upwards are eligible.) 18.-When the weather was warm and we'd plenty. of. leisure, We decided a virtue to practise, An effort that's scarcely conducive to pleasure When temper through climate quite racked is. We finually patience selected, And penalties formed if detected We each other in actions too hasty; For if one will fume At small things, there's room For improvement, which one should not waste by. A chance soon occurred for a definite trial- We prompt were besieged for the taxes; When one's great endeavour's evading espial, 'Tis seldom a purpose relaxes. Our patience deserved greatly praising, For the fiend was the siege long in raising, And he knocked and he rang most incessant; But, oh I did we curse (Without doing worse) While he lingered a season unpleasant? We'd scarcely disposed of that pertinent nuisance, In our "windsors" essayed to be seated, When a ball of dimensions devoid of all true sense The test of our patience repeated. To glass it its frolic confided, With optical organs collided, And though uninclined to respond, did We feel calm in mind When we dashed out, to find Its mischievous owner absconded? We thought to illumine our residence brightly As night began surely approaching, But found (oh, our patience!) that some had been nightly On our meter unduly encroaching; The gas was cut off to our sorrow, And we'd notice to quit on the morrow- We were truly disgracefully tumbled, That patience is bliss May be gathered from this, And the curse we inaudibly mumbled. J. STOCKS AND E. GEOeRE. NARRATIVE ADDITION. (Add a letter to the word chosen to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To Philander MuIg.) 19.-Oh, Philander I oh, Philander! Really you're a goosey gander- Smaller you must sing; Though you are a great commander, We would never Dare endeavour Own you as our king. Queens, you know, may only rule the "Tourney," So you'd better take a backward journey. Prithee, tell to me the reason Why yqu've lately thought of treason- Treason, ay, most foul; Plots have long gone out of season, So, Philander, Do not wander, Or we'll make you howl. So'prepare. my friend, to get a whacking- Loyal knights, I'm sure, will ne'er be lacking. Though you're far above my station, I fill some with admiration, You will not deny. Read this not with he.itation. But skip through it, Or you'll rue it, Maybe, by-and-by. Don't forget that young have taught the older, And that some are very often bolder. HETroa. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a diferent meaningin the narrative.J 20.-Loud roared the cannon, The bugles loud pealed, As each man met each man On that gory field. The horses rushed forward And loudly did neigh, And each man met each man In deadly affray. The carnage was dreadful, The battle was grand; The soldiers, cheered on By those in command, Rushed forward like whirlwind Upon the proud foe; No one could withstand them, They soon laid them low. But hark, now the noise And the shouting are gone; And a cheer goes to heaven- The battle is won ! And the cries of the wounded Resound from afar ; This is the ending Of glorious war i IRON MAsK. NARRATIVE DIVISION. lit Memory of a "Tournament" Knight, THoxAS. ROYSTON (died ApriL 22, 1889). 21.-So soon I Ah, who had guessed his part was played ? A little while with us-a little while, Then night closed round; and now nor tear nor smile Shall win him back. Oh, would that be had stayed I Cease your applause now; be the tribute paid In tears, and, though all vainly, reconcile Your hearts to grief-no more will he beguile Your earthly sight whom death has lowly laid. Hush, hush I for he sleeps soundly now at last. Nay, weep not, brothers, now; he has but passed A little while before us from the strife. Let him sleep on-sleep on in perfect rest ! Lot him sleep on-'tis well with him, 'tig best I Death surely is sweeter now to him than life. AnoRen B.