RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. SNgAATIVE DOUBLE DEOAPITATION. SDrop the first two )ltt ra of a word. leavinv another word, S expressaod In tle narrative.)
1,-Oh, Robert, if you only knew My pain and grief, I think there's nothing you'd not do To bring relief. I'm grieved to think our riddling throng Should deem your sparkling verse and song Are just like mine-oh, it was wrong, And past belief I Your glowing praise of me, my friend, Is far too bright, And every message you did send So fall of might Is far too high for simple me, Although it filled my heart with glee, And made me wish that I could see Yourself, sir knight. Full many a gallant tilt we've seen In days gone by, When we both served a gentle queen, For whom we sigh. And many a tournament we've fought, Just you and I, in verse and thought (Perhaps more often than we ought, In mystery I). I'm glad you still remember one Who's left our throng, Whose noble work was bravely done In stirring song. I'm glad you cherish some regret For one who thinks her sun has set, For one whom we shall ne'er forget, Though time be long. And I am left to stand alone Amongst you all, Unworthy queen of such a throne, At such a call. Yet not alone, while knights are true, And maidens throng around me, too, Bestowing more than what is due, E'en though I fall. What can I say except that time, Must fain reveal How I shall keep this trust of mine, Come woe or weal P I cannot fail, while warriors bold, Who faithful were inl days of old, Still shield me with their swords of gold, So brave and leal. So I must thank you once again For what you say, And trust your stirring, true refrain May last alway.. Still faithful be 'gainst foes unseen, With heart as brave, and sword as keen, While I remain your friend and queen E'en while I may. NELLIE WATSOn, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. Ip the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) -Ah, yes, I remember well the day In the forest fair I found you, By the ivy sheen with its leaves of green, And the sunlight all around you. Sweet were the songs that were sung that day By the birds in their woodljnd cover, But sweeter far were those whispere? words To the ears of a happy lover. Well, well, they are gone, and let them go, Those days when my heart felt lighter, For each field and fen seemed fairer then, And the noonday sun shone brighter. Two years till the dawn of yesterday And our friendship never faltered; You were still the same till the summer came, Then you strangely turned and altered. And some will rejoice and spread the news, Though in truth it is no great matter : Be it right or wrong, to an evil tongue 'Tis a pleasant thing to chatter I But, there, it is done--knd best you say, Though I somehow fail to see it. Came it soon or late, 'twas the fault of fate, So if it must be, so be it. Toss. DECAPITATION. lDrop the first letter of t word, leaving another wordJ 3.-My first is where we have to go To purchase Y. F. P., I know ; My neat is used in making beer- Of this we know too much, I fear. ! A. T. HowEs. NARRATIVE DUA-PRECE-OMEGRAM. a the first two and last letter but one of a word to form santher word, expressed in the tarrattve4 e'e puzzled our brains, and must promptly admit" We're hardly aware if we're dreaming; 0 ve studied-we do that whenever 'tis fit, Or, rather, when Smith is not screaming: Re thinks he's a voice, and its tone, we avow, Wants little (oh, little I) appraisement; But still of our trouble we're thinking of now- We're lost, and, in fact, in a-maze-meant. We've seen many marvels; and could we recall .tithe, we should readers make wonder; eplainly remember that fellow so tall Weh was struck by a bright flash of thunder. Yet uner a cloud we at present abide, nd this is "iot due to inteenp'rancee apse oL t e myst'ry perchance you'll deride- SWe never have witnessed anbun-dance. e mean to explore for this object when time ant us the freedom to wander -iting that season, we'll mention in rhyme rwant, for .mayhap you may ponder. n's required of your far.seeing views The problem so great in dimensions; ougth mankind we do not of folly accuse, at vainly we seek y's in tensions. stay for a while and discourse of the " T.," ies columns with, humour o'erflowing; one at all periods truly can see greatest ood-fellowship rowing. Yeach riddle that light we Upon, rusot you'll excuse the.--luti.ss (A envnUg we have read of the "f re" in a con, -neer have seen a con.fusion. 'P.A through thoronghfares busy we travel, wqd Pitness some visions h in stupendous we striv ravel, ityminus ueendinag Weuset be itan arm or a leg mtlghl, "es theay or December, e' ~l oy essay t ty mly 'll beg , ENIMA. S'Whed tfhis world wasz oreaje I livve, and toIday " Im l,n, ad W~ll il", F:f:c: -' Porr~eyeb zre3
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS, (The first letter of a iord Is ahangod, to form another word, Si pressed in the narrative.) 6.-Och I Hector, me bhoy, shure roight placed Oi'm. to meet ye, An' hope that thrue frinds we will always remain For months Oi have wished for a chum in the "Tour. ney," Au' Oi'm placed that my wishin' hes not bin in vain. Ye're the first chap to offer the koind hand av friend. ship, But Oi 'arnestly hope that the last ye won't be; An' that week afther week in the" Tournament" pages Our two names thegither we often will see. Now, av coorse, Oi am only a poor ignoramus, An' can niver expect to be able to wroite Loike you, an' some more av the world-renowned riddlers Who figure aich week in the " Tournament" foight. But Oi think it is toime to ind up this epistle, An' down a back sthreet Oi will now swiftly sprint; For his shadow, be jabers, Oi see in the distance- 'Tie the landlord a-comii' to git his month's rint. Oh, Johnnie, men ami, your lingo's alarming, I've gone through my Webster, alas I all in vain; Some words you make use of I cannot discover, So plaze to repint, and don't do it again. Great Scott I you have made me feel all of a shiver, My hair's sticking up like a broom in affright; So mind what you do in the future, begorrab, Or maybe the bitten will turn round and bite. The hand which I offer is one of true friendship, And right glad am I you accept it as such; Our duty must now be to help one another, And rescue fair maidens-oh, yes, very much I Now, joking apart, pay your " rint" as you ought to, Or quickly the broker will be on your track; I've no wish to see you in gaol, so be honest, And you'll never have cause to regret it, friend Jack. .1. BIRRELL AND HICTOR. 7.-You may search up your papers, and execute capers, And stand on your head with disdain; You may ask of each jingler, much married or singlor, To give you a clue-but in vain I 'Tis no use your inquiring, or writing, or "wiring," To find out this mystical three; List to our opinions, ye quarrelsome minions, That's only your duty, you see. While your brains you are racking we'll give you a whacking, And lower your pride in the dust; So when you're a bit calmer just pull out your armour, And clean away some of the rust. Now, don't be in a hurry-we've no wish to worry, Or frighten you out of your life; See to your defences, collect all your senses, And come up to time for the strife. And don't think we are joking, or fun at you poking, Whatever we say we will do; And we mean to surprise you, and so would advise you The cud of reflection to chew. So sit down to your dinners, poetical sinners, And think over what we have said; An you dare to forget it, you soon will regret it- Remember, " bleed's " colour is red. THE CAPTIouS TRIO. (To G. A. Porter, LI.erpool.) S.-Once only has thy name appeared Amidst the "Tourney " throng, But if my brain should not be cleared, In this you have done wrong : The lists are not so densely filled That you may fear to crowd The space our Editor has willed Naught else shall overcloud. True bards are always welcome, and The skill your con. displayed Was such that none would grudge a hand If you had been dismayed. Now, pray return, and bring thy friend, The veteran Edward Blair, And blessings will on you descend From knights and ladies fair. F. JonsoN, Manchester. METAGRAM. (Ohange the first letter o a word to form another word.) (To S. De Bear, Silver Shield, and Others.) 9.-Ye knights, if I've said last amiss, Don't believe it; They say that ignorance is bliss, But don't believe it. De Bear has set us in a flame, And now I hear S. Shield exclaim That I and Robert are the same- Don't believe it. To say that we have never met, Don't believe it; If I assert we've not, I'll bet You won't believe it. If you exclaim that he and I Are both the same, why, then I'll cry "Peccavi " But you'll never try, So don't believe it. De Bear has said he's very wise, Don't believe it; Although his guess has caused surprise, Don't believe it. Nell Watson, who a time has run, ( Once took my royal name in fun; But that she is Mephisto I.- Don't believe it,. And then some say I'm not myself, Don't believe it ; That I'm M. Christo, funny elf, Don't believe it. He was my Premier once,'tis true, Till he "hooked it "-with the cash-box, too; And if he's irst, he'll not look blue- Oh, no, don't believe it i If you think I'm going to stay all night, Don't believe it; Or with you all I'm going to fight, Don't believe it. Some folks assert I am a maid, But that's a miss, for I'm a shade If I say to stop I am afraid, You'll all believe it I MxeParsTo I., R.. (4' LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram. decapitation, dele, tLoln, slid transposit~on, bllt loaves a perleot word after each operation.) 10.-We have to give a certain first For everything we buy; . Cbange head, you'll find an animal, If you will only try. Behead, I show a certain grsia Well known to you and me- You cannot really see it grow 51 Unless you cross the sea. Change head, a race of animals You now may find with ease; 100 They run and jump, and try to get SAt both our bread and cheese, Behead, and then a substance bard 1 Will surely come to view; I now have nothing more to say , h.nb bid you all adieu,
METAPRECE.OMEGRBAM. ex*' (Change the first letter and last but ono of a word, to form another word), to 11.-" Can you speak French P" she said to me, In accents sweet and low; "If so, will you converse with me P" ur. I answeretd with a bow. " Oh, yes," I cried, " I can and will-- I've been to Killnloe. nd. So here's a start: Ma chsre amie, Comment vous portez vous ?" She thus replied, with witching smiles, 3s "Tres bien, bon ami," And sweetly queried, " M'aimez-vous?" In tones both kind and free. "Jusqu'A la mort," was my reply, era Delivered with emotion; For French was but the index of My ardent soul's devotion. My first then sighed, " PeVsez t moi," And " Soyez vous fiddle, While I breathed forth, "Toujours A tol," And softly said " Ma belle I" " Mon ange," I cried, " acceptez-moi p" And then she whispered " Oui ;" And this is how I gained my love, The proud and fair Flossie. So, lovers all, take my advice, Remember this short lay, And, when to " pop " you are inclined, Try parler en Frangais. For, though the French call mothers "mares,' And all their daughters " fillies," I last you will not class them all As rude and uncouth "sillies." W. M. HOLMES, Easingwold. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 12.-What ho I each gallant knight and dame, Lend me your ears this minute; I see through all your little game, And,hokeyl Inm in it! And if my cheek Will make you squeak, I quickly will begin it. I am a noble buccaneer Who long, long years has slumbered Beneath the sea, but now I'm here, Among the heroes numbered. a My lugger, too, I've brought for you, With which you'll be encumbered. You've heard of Captain Kidd, no doubt, And Morgan, I'm surmising ; It's only kid, sirs, out and out, Though it may seem surprising, Just wait till you Observe my crew, Which i am Morgan.izing. No doubt you'll wonder why I came- Ah, well, my rage I'll smother; I journeyed here to lose my fame And find my long-lost brother, Who, by my bones, Is Davy Jones, A son of my old mother. I know she showed me him one day, Before I joined the navy (?); Besides, I've often heard her say That she would " take her Davy " When arguing On anything, The time she was a slavey. So what more proofs do I require Than those in my possession p If he is here he'll send a wire- Least, such is my impression. Oh, Dave, old chap, Don't care a rap, You know my old profession I PAULt JONES. NARRATIVE META-DOUBLE.OM EGRAl. (Change the first and two last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (To a Friend.) 13.-Though years may come and pass away, Though other friends I greet, Yet I'll remember thee for aye, E'en though we ne'er may meet. I cannot easily forget That friendship's salt I've eaten ; Thy face from out my heart firm set, By time shall not be beaten. I do not idle friendships make, But love bestow for love's sweet sake, b Devotion true undying. Though storms may rise and billows roar On life's vast, boundless ocean; a True love can quietude restore, And cease the dire commotion. Although your path abounds with cfro, And fickle fortune leave you, Oh, true love will disperse each snare, In its embrace receive you; Thus sheltered, guard we 'gainst all ill, And life with happiness refill, No sorrow underlying. MosrT Cmuero, Hades. is META.OMEGRAM. 7. (COhmre the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Oh, S. De. B 1 Sir S. De. B I Ideas I'm quite without, And so it rather puzzles me- What can I write about ? Of thunderstorm, and melting times, 2 Or knights and ladies fair - 3 I leave you to complete these rhymes: 4 I've finished in despair 1 5 No, no, Miss D., it cannot be, 6 I, first, of thoughts am void; 8 So if last leave it all to me, 9 This riddle is destroyed. 10 Is this the best that we can send 10 With our united wits? . . . 12 Of course it is, my fussy friend; 1; 'Twill beat them all to bits 14 LmLAi D ,o'a As Alo S. A. Dx BEAI, 1 DOUBLE ABRITMOREM. 17 (An .crostic. Thse lettersof ross words tht are Uomal numarals 18, exereseod In figureaJ) 19. Foundation Wordt. 20, 15.-When all the trees are decked with greeq, 21, And flowers perfume the air, My prinals may be often seen At labour everywhere. The cheerful finaes soars on high, And sings his loudest lay; Tihe mowers, too,,you may descry, Are gathering in the hay. Cros Wor&ds. l1 and torbs An old English town; and, also, here J Board used by artists throughout the (3) year. ( 100 ,, saeto A foreign port this word will show, AN Or girl's'sweet hame you ought to know,. 1 .,, negreno Overthe rails in the train that flies, E. I'm there, and 'tit here the secret li, (1) 58 , e ' on prety girls Iplease the sight, C S Or namas ow'riet soen at night. - gra a~QT9I2s 4~p C, ~* 4rc~Va~N, qpc
VERBAL OCHARADE. (A word. eaoh letter of which is treated separately., 16.--My frst'a in sweet, but not in sour; My second's in castle, but not in tower ; My third's in pear, but not in plum; My.fourth's in chirp, but not in hum; Myfi th's in home, also in house; My sixth's in rat, but not in mouse; My seventh's in young, but not in old; My eighth's in hot, but not in cold; My whole's a beast that likes a feast. A. T. Howzs. ROMAN NUMERAL SQUARE WORD. 17.-To fifty add nothing, then fifty repeated; You'll find that I'm truly most shockingly seated. To nothing add fifty, to a unit place none' A medley is here, now the second word's done. To fifty, a unit, add fifty twice over, This gives you the name of my sweetheart from Dover. To fifty add nothing, then fifty repeated; Y ou'll find that I'm truly most shockingly seated. C. F. BLACBavaN. CRYPTOGRAM. 18.-Henry Fourth, of France, published a famous decree, securing freedom of religion to his Protestant subjects, in the year fifteen.hundred-ninety.eight, thir- teenth day, fourth month. But King Louis Fourteenth, less than a century afterwards, revoked the same. This caused the Protestants, in large numbers, intelligent citizens, to seek refuge in many other lands. The name of the decree is buried above, one letter in each fourth word, beginning with France. SatLa, DROPPED VOWELS, 19.-Supply the missing vowels, and the stanza will be found to be descriptive of Washington Irving, who was born April 3, 1783. " Hiwsw. -t-l-f.h-sw.s; h-wsw- -t-d. -th I L-v-ng, t-w-ngw.thm-rthth.w. -r- h- -re; D. .ng, t-l- .v- -m-m.r-l.k.th.br- .th fes.mnm-rsf.ll.fs nsh-n.- nd-fsh-w-rs." E. C. D. SQUARE WORDS. 20.--First is a mineral That is known the world o'er; Seco:d is a girl's name That many men adore; Third means, I am sure, between; Fourth is a person you know, I ween. M. Coneit, DIAMOND PUZZLE. 21-1. A letter. 2. Being of equal value. S. Weary. 4. Robbers on sea. 5. A genus of plants, not taking root from the ground, but growing one on another. 6. With. drawn. 7. To hinder. 8. But (Latin). 9. A letter. H. WILsoN, CONUNDRUMS. 1.-Bank Holiday noisy once more had donle round With "alarums excursions " and rest of it And the advent of freedom a Londoner found Determined to make, well, the best of it, He started to settle when time would allow A problem which one gets the worst by; The problem I mean so perplexing is host Can a person imbibe When not thirsty He succeeded so well that before it was noon Discretion completely forsook him; His conduct unseemly concluded was soon, And straight to the "station" they took him. Next morning the magistrate saw him, and the-e Read. him precepts and spoke like a "pater," And told him, now sober, he must be aware Of his trouble was he sole creator. While the author of mischief who started so bold Is 'fore the stern judge seen to tremble. Can you say why his actions of which I have told Should the city of Berlin resemble ? ACHILLES Iti 2.-Last e'en, while I was working very hard, A friend called in upon this luckless bard, And because he hadn't enough to do, Ho gave a conundrum for him to chew, And this said con. I answered I but at ondO He gave another, and called me a dunce Because I could not answer at the time; So, friends, I ask your' kind aid with this rhyme. " What trade," he asked, with uncontented will) "Is it that goes forward and yet stands still ?" W. A. LANaGSron 8.-Why is a first-class school like a vessel in a stilt breeze ? 4.-Why is a dense fog like a lost child P 8.-What kind of cloth was most abundant during a& earthquake? 1# 6.-What occupation does a mother urge her son to follow ? 7.-What business man should never be intrustes d with a secret P 8.-What part of a sewing.machine is a woodsman most like? 9.-Why should story-tellers beware of the letter S P Axswans.-1. Because he was on the Spree, , Stationery. 3. Everything is taught (tat) there. 4. It is much mist (missed). 5. Grash. d. Grocer (:row, sir). 7. A seller. 8. A feller, 9. It makes a tale stale.