THE RIDDLER
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Not seeking, or desiring, or striving to attain, To feel л secret pleasure when we the object gain. You could not mark it definite ; uncertain it would be ; Bather of a curious creed, a mixture you would see. No date would serve to tell it, and always far away, You could not bring it nearer, or even fix a day. How strange it seems, when all is fresh, we should be getting so ; To what we often sav is new, Science will say no. No matter how far distant, to what I may pertain, This serves to bring us nearer, and unite us once again. To charlatans of ready wit, from proud Pretension's echool, Behold your regal monitor, who holds pretext no rule. A name enshrined in English hearts ; no nobler records give, For first, his country's boast and pride, shall last in memory live. H. С Marsh. СНАВДВЕ. On Jubilee morn I went out for a walk, Just to see the world aud its connections. No, that's wrong ; now, I'll tell you the truth. (That's a wonder ; I'm not good at making corrections.) Now, to tell you the truth, then, 'twas only to view Or inspect the proceedings so festive, Which were now going on ; and as I walked along Л young squire's steed became restive. His rider he threw, and went galloping through The crowd, spilling two as he passed. They nil gave pursuit, with yell, scream, and hoot ; He was finally caught in a last. At ten, lads, that night, r saw a fine sight ; I went up on Blackberry Heath, And saw firsts all round. I stood on a mound ; Some above wtre, and some were beneath. Vow, riddling friends d^ar, you'll find in this here (For that slang I have more than once smarted) ; I ¡say, in this con. there's a statesman who's gone To the shadowland of the departed. William Ebenezer Thomson. DECAriTATION. A town in Portugal, bthead and curtail, A well-known wine there will be without fail. Ajax. ENIGMA. I cannot speak, I'm not alive ; You know me well, you'll «wn. And though I sing right merrily, I have no flesh or bone. E. N. Harris. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. And, an. 2. »mo, thus : Nut, Enigma, Man, Orange. 3. Black-burn. 4. Scamps. 5. Salmon, thus : Shilling, Arthur, Letter, Money, Odour, Nearing.