THE PUZZLER. 313.—CHAEADES.
—I met a lonely wandering girl one cold December day, Along the road the pure white snow in driven hillocks lay ; The tears were running down her cheeks, and tremblingly she said : "For mercy's sake assistance lend, my first will soon be dead !" Those piteous accents moved my heart; I bade her lead me on To where her dear beloved first in agony did groan. О wretched sight ! I'll ne'er forget that damp and murky room : The very walls seemed covered with a dark sepul¬ chral gloom ; And on a miserable couch that weary first was laid; A single second—all they had—across the couch was spread. With willing heart their present wants I partly did supply, And strove with words of sympathy to still the dying cry ; But all in vain : the brain did reel, the faltering tongue did call, The hand stretched to a last transposed that hung upon the wall ; That valued last their weary hearts had cheered for many a day : By it a livelihood they earned while wandering by the way. I gladly would have stayed till death had closed the glazed eye, But business urged me on, and I was forced to bid good-bye. And from that day another week had littlo more than fled, When iu the Times I saw the whole, and know the fir ¿t was dead. Alex. Wedderbuen. 2.—'· To arms ! to arms !" through Europe rings, " Against the Moslem horde ; God's benison upon the man Who wields the stoutest sword. And he who falls amidst the fray Shall wear the martyr's crown ; And glorious though his death shall be, Still greater his renown." The cry was heard on every side, ' Crusaders quick arose, All eager for the glorious chance Of smiting Islam foes. On—on to Palestine they throng, Innumerable hosts, And pour in countless myriads Upon the Jewish coast. Though harassed by the Saracens, They tread the onward path, Sweeping away in anger all Who dare oppose their wrath, Until they reached my second, Whose guttering minarets Throw back defiantly the gleam3 The sun sheds as he sets. The city fiercely they attack In serried lines of steel ; But met by men as bold as they, Backward a pace they reel. 4 gain they dash against their foes, Who, desperate, turn to bay, . Till through my first of living men They cleave themselves a way. Now with an effort great and bold They pass the outer wall, And crushed and killed beneath their swords The valiant Moslems fall. Oh ! none then think of flying, Of safety in retreat ; Their only wish is a glorious death As the enemy they meet ; And round the flag they cluster, The brave heroic few— But what against the Christian host Can such a handful do ? But side by side they boldly fight, Surrender they refuse, Till overpowered by myriads My cruel whole ensues. And now the last of the Moslem band Falls—never more to rise j And o'er the gilded cupolas The red-cross banner flies. S. Bbamall. 314.—ANAGEAMS ON THE NAMES OF POETS. A keen kid, Mars. Levi sold ; or might. Branch lad cried rum. I ! I'll weed him a haw. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. Aye, down drug. Quince. 315.—ANAGEAMS ON SCOTCH TOWNS. 1. L. gum brushes. 2. Clod master. 3. Avo ten hens. 4. Kirklamcon. 5. S. draws ten. Eobert Main. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 59. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 49, please see preceding page.