er·
1.—SQUARE WORD. 1. This is an animal fierce and strong, Found Siberian Woods among. 2. A word for comfort now define, It is what you like, dear readei, mine. 3. Now, take your map, and you will find, A continent will come to mind. 4. To do this well I hope you'll try, And never pass the Champion by. Robert Frampton. 2.—ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORD. Far from his native land he died ; His brav'ry was known far and wide. He did all for his country's good, As ev'ry loyal and true man should. He's leffc upon the "scrollof fame" An hon'rable and unstained name. Let's try to imitate this man ; We then shall do the best we can. CROSS WORDS. In first is seen a Christian name : Please try to guess, for me, the same. Now try to find a certain fruit ; Then write it down, for nexfc 'twill suit. An English county is my third, Of ifc, no doubt, you'vo often heard. A certain well-known precious stono In fourth is very plainly shown. A preposition is my next, O'er that you won't be much perploxed. But now as I've last more to say. I think I'll bid you all good day. George J. Stokes.
3.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Your progress I may serve to aid, To the inside, be not afraid ; An amorous lover to the fore, A noted queen of gabled lore. A range of mountains rich in mine, Proud Priam's ally to define. Tho rock whereon wo firmly stand, To win her heart and claim her hand, He sought to rule and hold his own, Until by Severus overthrown. A gallant general will tell, Who 'midst the carnage bravely fell. H. С M. 4. Ii«1 you will tako fche words implied below, A well-known name they're sure to show. 1. Take a mixture used to food, Drop a letter from the rear ; If you're in the proper mood, You will find what's wanted here. 2. I am one, I would have you all know, Who has studied to purpose the civil law. 3. To say that this is not a word, is what we all agree to, Bufc that it does express surprise, is nofc what all will sec through. 4. Tho renowned Roman general, Λνίίο, long time ago, Invaded this land—the result wo should know. 5. An ancient means to punish thoae Who set afc naught their country's laws. 6. A most useful part of the body nexfc see Without which 'tis sure you can't find me. Alpha. 5.—ENIGMAS. From thee, lovely island, I never can part, Thy mountains and hills I adore ,¬ Ι love, too, thy minstrels, yet know nofc their arfc, Though I cling to thy beautiful shore. I'm seen in thy sweet summer seasons as well, But not in thy wintry clime, But in thy bright azure skies ever dwell, Yet gloomy and sad I am driven to slime. Though this I may say, that with this I may be, Iu the halls where all revels are held ; Though I dwell in the oceans, tho lakes, and the seas, I'm never from pleasure expelled. In this paper's name I can always be found, And in its bright pages in numbers abound. John Savage. 6. I have but one eye, and thafc without sight, Yefc ifc helps mc whatever I do ; I am sharp without wits, without senses I'm bright, The fortune of some, and of some the delight, And I doubt nofc I'm useful to you. Flora M. 7.—CHARADE. The fisherman rowed his boafc into the First' And cast his Third into the sea ; When he on a spike sat which mado him cry Second, A Whole has surely run in mo. G. Anstruther.
8.—ACROSTIC. FOUNDATION WORD. A jewel of a brilliant hue. These initials will sIioav to you. CROSS WORDS. A pathway please pnt down for first, Then something the reverse of pretty ; Next, that in which you ride tho sea, And last a largo cathedral city. G. Anstruther. Answers to Last Week's Riddles. 1. Robin Hood. 2. (1) Lea. (2) Thames. (3) Elbe. (4) Bcsor. (5) Boyne. (0) Trent. 3. G A L E LLAMA F I D D L E R GLADSTONE B R O T II E R MOOSE ANN E 4. A Tree. 5. A pair of spurs. G. Bread. Ш^ j>m¿$r JBnfe nnix у|гфт0$. *#* Advertisements from our readers will he inserted in this column at the rate of Sixpence for forty words. For Sale, the following notable novels :—" The Faucy Arethusa," " The Wolf of 13adenoch," "Thc Cruise of tho Midge," " rüchelicu," " Hand and Ring," " The Last of the Aucas," and " Stronghand ;" ?.d. each post free.— A. and C. Farncombe, 17, Goldstone Koad, West Brighton. Everybody who is interested in manuscript journals should send stamp for particulars of my ncw MSS. paper, No. 1 of which will bo ready on May the first, ISSO. —Ы. Copley, 28, Motoria Dock Koad, Canning Town, E. Young Mice, very pretty, black and white ; Sd. per couple ; fawn and white,, or chocolate and white, ls. ; 2 pretty mice in glass fronted cage, ls. Good breeders. "How to Manage Mice," post free, 2s.—Cavanagh, OS, Bewsey Street, Warrington. Boys ! Strong \Tcrtical Steam Engine, of new design, Fly Wheel, Cylinder, Standard, Boiler, Lamp, Safety Valve, Ac., all brass, on polished mahogany stand, price 7s. Od. each. Complete set of Castings and materials for making the above (33 pieces), carriage free, 2s. Od. Working Drawing, Od.—R. Butler, 4., Eisden Road, Tottenham, London.