THE RI)DLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM.
IChnae the seoond letter of a word to form anotther word.) J3ephistopbeles sat in his platinum chair, On Lis bead, was a crown of fine mystery gold; l hlhOSS the Shall on a visit was there, idli -lhere whose naules are at present entol,. sid hsto, " Let's see, quite a year it muist be a 0Iep - demons returned from their jovial spree; stoS wn are lhere, the question is clear, focur houonr my friends ouce agaiu shall appear. oyrv.is.o, you scoundrel, bring hitther the Inuheon, hen call up my men, or your head I'll be punch'lu'." irt c Demo Riot ithout hi old friend; erst e, i"n-ece nai,, on your nibs I attendl ; tdkdoletoe Death couldn't come just at present, As he's got up in Johustwn some work that is pleasant." "Patr dorils!" said MeIph. " What I" they cried all to- 'Hts King Mephistopheles shown the white feather ?" ain I seeriglt " said old Monte. "Oh,dear! O'er the oes of the mortals King Meph. sheds a tear." O'erte 'rect, said Nephisto, "I'm getting soft-hearted. Baioon, old Riot, conclude what you've started." "In Ireland, "said he, ' a disaster appalliung ens replpened; a train, down a gradient falling, Smnhed into destruction, and hundreds of children Were mixed ip together in manner bewilderin'." Atthis irat King Meph. put a stop to the business By cmplaiting of headache and general dizziuess ; Sowi e 0as sent round, German sausage and lager, jas e viewed the exhibits invented by Jaeger. By NS x!" cried Mophisto, "what means this mon. strosity? s it eni'so or he-.male, this new curiosity ?" "'Thati" mid Jaeger, " an idea--my new dress reform." Divcdled skirt doctrine !" cried NMeph. " Ain't it warm l 0ow, look here, friend Jaeger, in splitting the difference, Don't do it again, or you'll find you'll be stiffer hence." With which wise remark he passed on to Japan, lph:e he speedily turned to a different luan, For we found that they had a Dissenting Church minister ; We acre not wanted there, so we went to Cape Finis. terre. If you want to know why, I will tell you this time- ln wu just for the purpose of getting a rhyme. Itwas thenl twelve o'cloc'k and quite time to go, wequialckly returned to the regions below; le had a carouse, and the Shah gave a song, Then we all hired a room in the town of Hong Kong. ]seized on the mail, and, writing this letter, lesaird that to last it I could not do better. 'histrathful account I'm now sending to you, t King Mlephistopheles' seventh review. Tbkeep ap old rimes and in manner agreeable, Sign the name of yours truly, LORD ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE BETAGRAMiS. (Chagethe second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.i Z-So his is Bank-Holiday-day for the trippers ! P'r'ups'twouldbe better if I were away Far from my home, 'mongst the DManxmen and kippers, Roaming about on the " oile av the say." Yet when I I ok to the sky, it's a question Whether the water in buckets will fall; Then "porter and pies" give one indigestion. Guess I am- Ah, some friend's made a call. Thedickens! who's this? A fellow from Hades, hiking if down in the earth I will go. Eread! good biz-this for what I have prayed is- Splendic. excursion and charges so low. r * * * " Phengh! what a smell I-what an odour of sulphur I Stronger be far than in Underground R's; Walt till we stop. and, by Jove ! I'll engulf a Galion or two from some "family jars." "Johnson, the namesake of him who was' ignorant '" Such was the style in which I was announced. "Ya, we are told, are a sturdy (?) belligerent, Mlre than one knight have you easily trounced." (Oh, say, all my comrades, were ever such fibs told ? I knew at once 'twas in flattery said) "Ph,ander now take, and demolish his ribs- Hold i After.thought's best-you must batter his head !" Then they dismissed me, and th' same elevator Brought mei at length to the crust of the earth; Bi ere I got t) the top I must state a Thing h:p'd to me you may think of some worth. alug lid got wind of the mission they'd set me, And 'tis It wonder that I am alive. Ah, my ,i.ar friends, if I die don't forget me I "('offee and pistols" are ordered at fire ! F. JoHnsoN, Manchester. -Id'ncat that I dwelt in the county gaol, With1 watrders each day by my side; Sic Ilonihs in that plce I did sit and bewail, I aeony of ten I cried. nI'd le deeds too famous to tell ; I could boast f ,rlingr another man's name st Bu t also dreamt after, which pleased me the most, Thnt your sentence was just the same. Grea:t snakes! what a dream You must be raving nmd, Our ]es there is Leer in your head; Thn wtlers that Rirrell work sometimes are sal, h exttiiie you'll believe you are dead. Oh, it o,'re too stout and are ale.ing at all, Alitre l ub you'd better join. ~l nnow your attention below I will call To a wonderful vision of "moinue." I drent that I dwelt in the workhouse a week, p'" icked oakinm all through the day; ,c1isiled oft by a "foremani" so meek, I'd d~s motto was " Work, and no play." A 'dd lread and water, and skilly, alack! plank bed to lie on at night Andt dreamnt that you had the same "tack," And that made me grin with delight. .1. BIRRELL AND HECTOR. ard ACROSTIC. hw'r.o^r wor.a,farnmed of the initial letters of other words.) lFoul datiy n Word. . iTo all e bards, so bright and gay, The primal. will reveal a bird Whose cheerful notes can oft be heard From early morn till close of day. A iross Weo'ds. Sfemale's Christian name This will to you proclaim. Sflower neat will be, Well known to you and me. Third a river will expound Which in England will be found. Gives a foreign city f gieat cele rity. is ildmYfifth, and then you'll own "eath td a precious stone. Snosan- .l" augry wave an havn e found a grave. iltbnough t is by many sought, ° b - y a one-it's brotdght, sK KINeoresmx, Btlsueniad,
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohanse the firat two loetters of a word to form another word, ex- prelessd in the narrative.) 5.-I knocked a euttle rat-tat-tat, She ope'd the door, I raised my hat ; We then saluted on the mat, Sub silentio. The mirrors did our forms recall, Linked arm in artu anlong the hail; She slopped, awl steiled, and that was all, Sub sileutio. I looked into her )eyes of blue, Her gaze rellled in accents true; But that of course is entre nous, Sub silentio. I took her little hbtud in mine, Her fingers did my own entwine; She seemed to sa , " L'm ever thine !" Sub sileutio. We wandered where the linnet sings, I offered one of many rings; She seemed to uuderstnd suanch things, Sub silentio. She gazed at me in earnestness, Her eyes did all her soul express; She didn't speak, but answered " Yes!" Sub silentio. J. TW. SLWELL. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change tile central letter of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 6.-Nellie, since you're crowned commander Of our " Tourney" band, I will bend my knee quite proudly, By your side to stand- Stand and fight for you and honour, Which by truth is won, Then retire with heart contented When my labour's done. Many are the " Tourney " tilters, Gallant dames and knights, Yet they wield no mighty weapons To maintain their rights. Song can check each false usurper, Song can sorrow drown ; And, as is the case with you, queen, Song can win renown. May contentment shed its sweetness Ever on your way, While the " Tourney's" band united Own your glorious sway ; And may Love, earth's dearest treasure, Fill your heart with joy, And inspire your fancies always, Sadness to destroy. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, l. avin, another word, expressed in thelt earratLive.) 7.-You talk about brave men and heroes, Us savers from fire and such like, But just lend your ear to this story O)f how I was saved by a tyke. 'Twas one sultry evening in August, I'd tramped through the burning heat, And over the stony hard roadsides, With never a shoe to my feet. I was tired, and ragged, and hungry, And cursing my cruel luck, For then I was penniless, starving, And trouble had killed all my pluck. Then I thought of the years I'd wasted, I'd fallen so shamefully low; I'd plenty of friends in the old days, Till drink proved my bitterest foe. I was naught but a tramp, an outcast, Poor Mike was my dutiful friend; A nlunge in that lonely river A,d my misspent life I could end. There were none on earth who would sorrow, So I made up my mind to die; And Mike-well, p'r'aps he'd miss me, So I patted the dog good-bye. Poor hound! he had faithfully followed Mr wanderings many a day; Now he looked in my face so strangely, In li mournful, wondering way, And that steady glance made me falter, I shook off the tempter then . My luck took a turn from that night, lads, But I never touched drink agen ! S. A. DE BEAR AND LILIAN DOUGLAS. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word. leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (To C. Fttncombe "and " Mepyhy.) S.-Oh, lor ! my dear Mephy, and was he so wild, To revile all the doings of this precious child P My dear Mr. Farncombe, do leave him alone, He still broods about that poor, innocent scone I Why will you arouse him ?-he's 1, lug in peace, When will you your taunting expressions, then, cease ? Oh, please do forgive me, dear Mephy, I pray, You are not a woman I'll willingly say; Of course I can thilnk, that's beyond all your claims, And I still can bestow upon you many names. You are not Queen Nellie, oh, no! oh, no, no I And of course William Pickering youL do not know ! You don't live in Cheshunt ! \Vho said that you do ? And of course, ~arucombe, BrihtMon, is, also, not you I I'm like little Topsy, and nothing I learn; But 0 to dismask your old face how I yearn ! And who is Kate Moss ? Oh, a lady, of course, And "she" don't belong to your clique-your great force; But, there, it's a secret-I'll let it pass by, And to all my nonsense you just ttter " Fie !" You're not Silver Shield. To cry that I won't dare, For an idiot truly is itAEDEDS (DE 1. EAt). DOUBLE OMEGRAMZ. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word). 9.-Oh, dear Alice Mervyn, of Cardiff, What has become lately of you ? Have you left the bright fields of the " Tourney" To wander in pasture-lands new? Oh, wake your sweet 'oice from its slumber, And with sotgs of first gleddeu us all; The " Tournee " is lonely without you, So come back again at my call. For many lasot weeks I have waited To find 'mongst the tilters your name, But my hopes were every one blighted, You strove not for pleasure nor fame. Oh, sad is my young heart with thitkicg As to what can your fancy enthral, But 'twill soon beat with rapture and gladness If you come back again at my call. WILD BRIAn, Lamplugh. MONOPHONES. (Words ofditferett meanin.e, bet the snmoe in sound.) 10.-" How many have you first, Jack ?" " Next oely." he rephlied; "That's better luck than mine," I said, And turned away and sighed. J. H. Vivtow, Croydon. 11.-" Give me a first," shite ludly cried, As Chiris wIas-tinlme drew near; I la ughlrd, and quickly reached her s1oe, To give her a nttx on th' er. DotLlE A, LrNDow,
NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Ohange the frst and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Mackenzie do Quaker, the well.to-do baker, Sat in his parlour, A wicked old snarler, And rending the paper, lie cut a great caper Which made the house rattle and shake; HLie broke all the: stiners, and chin L gal.,re, sirs, Hol knock, d a big chair out Of shape, tre his hih:r out, He then clutched a ladle, And walloped the cradle Until his arms threatened to ache. His wife, hearing all this, cried, " What do you call this ? Whatever's the matter ? My rye ! what a clatter ! Keep still, you great booby, You thick-headed looby "- Mackenzie looked round with a frown, Caught hold of a poker, and threatened to choke her ! But site, like a Spartan, Could take her own part, an' She " went for" Mackenzie Like one in a frenzy, And quickly she knuckled him down. "Now, what will you do, sir ? you scoundrell you-youn- sir I I swore to obey you, But now I could slay you I Your b,,ld threats, you see, sir, Dju't terrify me, sir;" Then once more she " went for " poor Mac. " Oh, don't, dear," he stuttered, and softly he muttered, " I'm awfully sorry I've been such a worry. My chest-don't sit ou it I I'll buy you a bonnet I But let me get up from my back !" Now, this was surprising, and, as you're surmising, No longer she "paid " him, But stooped down to aid him, And when he arose, she Put ev'rything cosy, And asked why he seemed so put out; His wrath now diminished, his breakfast he finished, Then showed her the paper, The cause of the caper, And there was a notice, " Augustus de Btiss Says Mac treads his dough with the gout." His wife started laughing, and swore Gas was chaffing, But Mac exclaimed, "Not so !" At which she then got so Alarmed that she shivered, And visibly quivered, And, fainting, she soon had a fall. Determined to risk it, Mac poisoned a biscuit, And sent it to Gussy, Who, not half so fussy, Came round a day after, And, bursting with laughter, Explained that 'twas fun, after all ! [N.B.-Gas didn't eat the biscuit !] HECTon. NARRATIVE DUA-OMEGRAM. (Ohange the first two and last letres of at word to form another woid. expressea in the narrative.) 13.-I have struggled for hours some bright verse to compose, It's nothing, simply nothing; And used conversation I cannot dieclose- It's nothing, simply nothing. I've spoilt sheets of paper (cream laid) by the score, By loving relations been voted a bore; And this I've produced, and I've told you before It's nothing, simply nothing. If a girl thinks of dresses and things of that kind, It's nothing, simply nothing; For finery pleases the feminine mind, It's nothing, simply nothing. Or gossip, mayhap, m.ay diversion possess, They take so tmuch time their ideas to express; Though not always lucid, you're loth to confess It's nothing, simply nothing. The masher's exploits I do not admire, It's nothing, simply nothing; To dress as a dandy I scarcely aspire, It's nothing, simply nothing. The object in view's to be always in fashion, A purpose attained by scant outlay of cash on; His salary total to so do the " mash " on Is nothing, simply nothing. You doubtless are pleased I am nearint an end, It's nothing, simply nothing; To take up more space I by no means intend, It's nothing, simply nothing. I've tried (and I've failed) something great to produce, To go on attempting again is no use; Instead of renown I have earned much abuse- It's nothing, simply nothing. ACHILLES II. NARRATIVE META.PRECE-OMEGR AM. (Change the first letter and last buit one of a wordi to form aiotluer word, expressed In tie narrative.) 14.-There are fellows I greatly admire, While others I strongly detest; With those who most woefully tire I gain not acquaintance wit t zest. Now puns i with vigour abhor, And Smithson will take no evasion, But gives me his jests by the score, Though aucicut, on ev'ry occasion Impromptu. There's Brown, who is Iknown as a bard, And doles out Shakesperita quotations; ie holds but the slightest regard For feelings of friends or relations. Perchance for a stroll I may go With the poet, and then at the close he's In a poetical glow, Atnd long-metred verses composes Impromptu. O music, of arts most admired Alike both by humble and nealtby, When Jones is by harmony fired Th' effect on those present's iot healthy. The laurels he earns are " You brute !" andi "You monster !" with milder corrections; Alas! he's too fond of his flute, and Too fond of la Wagner selections Impromptu. I reckon up friends and I find They each have a prominent failing; Methinks, though, I have in my mind A trait in myself where I'm ailing. Then why should I pose as a censor Endeav'ring contention to raise ? Still, Robinson borrows my pence or Small silver, and never repays Impromptu. J. STocrs, Lambeth. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word., each lItter of whtoa is treated separately.) 15.--'y first's in silver, but not in gold; My sec tdi's in dlirt, but not in mould; MIy third's in fame, but not in renown; My furtlh's in Stafford, a well-known town; My liilh's in water, but not in rain; nly s ich's in nettle, but unt in pan ; My itliot is.oMv a fumoastywer- All other buildidg's a'e uuach low-.r. A:ocs.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to trrm another word, expressed In the narratlvo.) 16.-When Bosworth's awful fight was done, And Henry's lasting viet'ry won, The crown of England-priceless pledge- Was Tound within a hawthorn hedge, And by a noble's bloodstained hand Was brought to him who held command, And placed upon his victor brow, The child of Fortune to endow. Who shall be Richmond here to-day? Who, as the victor in the fray, Shall take the crown as his reward, And make himself the " Tourney's" lord P Arouse, ye knights I in arms appear, A glorious chance for all is here. 'Tin not the strongest here prevails, 'Tis not the weakest here that falls, ' isn not reserved for himt to win Who can upraise the loudest din; Nor shall that champion gain his ends Who leans for help upon his friends; Nor yet the one whose weakness trusts To still be spared the foeman's thrusts. Ah, no, 'tis now a war of skill, Backed by a firm and dauntless will, Which knows nor conquest nor defeat, Nor loses in the battle's heat The consciousness of just and right, Or how with chivalry to fight. Arise, ye brave, ye knights of name, And prove each one his own good claim; The signs of opened war advan'e, Draw down the visor, couch the lance, Uphold the banners, mount your steeds, 'lis glory to the one who bleeds. For me, I love the battle's gales, And draw my weapon here once more, Where oft 'twas drawn in days of yore, To represent the cause of Wales; Nor shall mny actions bring disgrace Upon the land of Arthur's race. W. E. CuLE, Llandaff. (WlVith apologis to P. Wyatt and othewr.) 17.-Went to cricket 'Tother day,, And the gatie I Tried to play. First ball hit me On the leg; M.Ide me hop- Bad words [ said. Next came very Near my eye, Made me feel Inclined to cry. Third ball came, and I let out; " How's th it, umpire?" Answer, "Out !" Sadly home I Made my way, Resolved that I Would no more play. J. H. VIvwAN, Croydon. ZOLOPHONE. (A word, first expressed whti.ly the letters of which are used alit-r n :ely; then ta in ii i'rn tely, beinnine with the see ul Iuter. hxa' pe: Whose word, stained; first alter- late,ald; seconld alterllnae. tie. Whole Word. 18.-This is what we ought to be In our famous riddling " T." First Alternate. Please search for this, Parta of a fish. Second .Alternate, Now for this, if you don't mind, A bright colour you must find. T. E. PIcKtATANe. DECAPITATION. (Drop the firat letter of a wo.rd, leaving another word.) 19.-My first a savoury dish will make ; Beheaded, then in saiummer The fr uit which off the tree I take Is this, to suit each comer. CHARLEs F. BLACKBURN. DROP WORD PUZZLE. (ThI words omitted, if retiurned to the blank spaces, will show a well-known saying.) 20.-Every - in every - Hath twenty -, upon each hand - , and twenty on - and -. All this is - , without -. IKoonAn, Widnes,