THE CHILDREN'S PAGE.
I. SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. PRIZE AWARD. The best answers to the Scripture questions set in the June number were those of SAMUEL PASCOE CROWDEN, 92, Marchmont Road, Edinburgh, to whom a prize of ios. 6d. is awarded, and ELSIE THOMAS, Ferndale, 13, Springfield Road, Ilfracombe, who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of ios. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best answers to the following Scripture questions :- I. What references are there in Scripture to (a) the oak tree, (b) the almond tree, (c) the sycamine ? Which of these was a kind of mulberry? 2. What trees are mentioned in Isaiah as providing wood out of which idols were made ? 3. State what you know about the nettle of Pales- tine, and quote two verses from the prophets which show that it grows among old ruins. 4. In what book and by whom is the parable told of the trees that anointed a king ? II. PUZZLES. PRIZE AWARD. The best solutions of the Puzzles set in our June number were those of CATHERINE HILDA ROUTH, The Rand, Bedale, Yorkshire, to whom a prize of los. 6d. is awarded, and WILLIE SMITH, Mountsorrel, Loughboro', who receives a prize of 5s. PRIZE OFFER. We offer a prize of los. 6d. and another of 5s. for the best solutions of the following puzzles:- BEHEADINGS. Behead the opposite of to deny, and leave the opposite of to speak calinly. Behead the opposite of to scatter, and leave the opposite of an enemy. Behead the opposite of to honour, and leave the opposite of a summit. Behead opposite of always, and leave opposite of no time. Behead opposite of to hold aloft, and leave op- posite of to speak gently. Behead a person having peculiar ideas, and leave exuberant. Behead use, and leave a thin cover. Behead a bill of exchange, and leave a float.
Curtail some hills, and leave to grieve. Curtail a river, and nothing leave. Behead abide, and leave a firth. Behead a bay, and leave a hearth. Curtail a town, and leave a bird. Curtail a fowl, and leave it mad. RIDDLE-ME. REE. My first is in coffee, but not in wine; My next is in sofa, but not in recline ; My third is in mountain, but not in hill; My fourth is in fountain, but not in well; My fifth is in county, but not in shire ; My sixth is in bounty, but not in retire; In nowhere my last has ever been found, Though my whole has been sought for the world around. RIDDLES. My first has sometimes been pronounced In grief upon a wayward son. My second your presence has announced When K was fixed before begun. Yet first and second united give A food on which a man might live. My third again you all have seen In moor or mead, or glade or glen. My whole's a place well known, I ween, To all true-hearted Scottish men. My initials in " shameful " are sure to be found. My seconds together give " slaughter" its sound. If "rightly " you scan, my thirds it will show. Search " rightly " again if my fourths you would know. In "leisure " my fifths you will find at your ease, My finals in " wonder " now tell, if you please. If my letters you frame and set them aright, A Reformer's name will rise to your sight. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My primals and finals are the same as the first cross word. Crosswords-(t) A castle in Spain. (2) The quantity contained in a ladle. (3) A convulsive sound which comes from the throat. (4) The same as the first crossword. (5) A spar by means of which the mainsail of a small vessel is extended. (6) An organisation for playing a national game. (7) One who enrols or records. (8) The same as first cross- word. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES SET IN JULY. () Fair ; (2) Pound ; (3) Palm; (4) Money; (5) Ashore ; (6) Chaffinch; (7) Fortune; (8) Napoleon; (9) Courtship; (to) Lifeboat; (Ii) Announce; (I2) Notice. RULES.) (I) Answers to the Scripture questions and solutions of the puzzles set this month must be sent in by August loth, addressed to The Prize Editor, WOMAN AT HOME Office, 27, Paternoster Row, E.C. (2) Envelopes should be marked on the outside " Children's Page." (3) The address and age, as well as the name, of the sender must be given. All children under fifteen are eligible for the competitions.