THE PUZZLER.
879.-CHAEADES. 1,— Он we roam Far from home, Weary, wanting rest ; No welcome rain Bedews the plain Of "Arafey the Blest." Onward still, Mount nor hill Cheers our anxious gaze t Our seconds lag, .And barely drag Us through the scorching raye. "Alasi" we cry, "We die—we die Upon Sahara's plain t We never more Will tread the shore Of Albion's isle again !" Oh, dreary waste 1 We anxious cast A Ungering look o'er thee ; Alas ! alas i No shrub nor grass, But one broad sandy sea 1 All strength has gone-« All hope has flown, Death stares us in the face ; Upon the sand We sink, a band, Our way we cannot trace. But, hark 1 a cheer Strikes on our ear— A joyous, gladsome cry ; My first we say, And on our way With lightened hearts we hie. 'Tis like a dream : The rippling stream Doth murmur in our ears ; The blessed whole Cheers ev'ry soul, And flown are all our fears. B. P. Boberts. 2.— Ih a lovely, fab?, and peaceful spot, Where Avon's river gently flows, Within a neat and humble cot, I dwelt with first in calm repose. A second pure and noble, she Was always with the suffering found, Believing want and misery, Esteemed and loved by all around. By her wise counsel I was trained From paths of virtue ne'er to roam j' My knowledge all was chiefly gained From her within that rural home. Thus through the stormy path of life, Beloved by all, she onward went, A foe to enmity and strife, Living in quiet and content. At length the scourge of total came With deadly power, and o'er her cast Its fatal spell, laid low her frame, And took away my first and last. Why need I dwell upon the scene ? Death's mantle now is o'er her spread ; Still memory oft brings back, I ween, The loved remembrance of the dead. T. Hall. 380.—STAB PUZZLE. 1. To Tom Thumb's class I do belong; Am now in music seen. 2. A mason's instrument am I— Am equal now, 1 ween. 3. To Laura dear, a title I, And now " my lady " show. 4. I govern nearly all the world : A doctrine now you know. The star is form'd with just four words, ■ Which read both ways the same ; And now without a doubt you can This little puzzle frame. Joey Brown. 381.—DOUBLE ACBOSTIC. I The initials, down, and finals duly» Will name two poems written truly— I Tes, written both by Cowper neatly, And one to please a lady sweetly. 1. The first, a game (with dice and boxes) My friend and I have played at Cox's. 2. While this adorns the hill-side yearly- Sweet pretty shrub, I love it dearly. 3. This th' ancient name of Dublin city, Where Paddy's sons are reckoned witty. 4. Preceptor, this you'll find him fairly, Instruction giving late and early. 5. And fermentation this produces ; 6. And this preserves both meat and juices. 7. And this is noble, august, royal, With sceptre just, the subject loyal. J. A. Smith. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 78. *«,* For answers to Puzzler in No. 66, please see prëoeding page.