THE PUZZLER.
311.—CHARADES. 1.— I'm a cute young Yankee lad, I calculate I'm not so bad ; They call me fast, but don't I know The gals dislike a fellow slow. I'm the spryest chaş you've ever seen— Go а-head Yankee Silas Bream. I own that once a pritty gal Took me down for a little spell ; She made a song for the music hall, And wasn't I quizzed before them all I I guess she hated Bella Green : They like the sparkling of Silas Bream. I take a second on a rocking-chair, And perch my feet high in tha air. With bright plaid pants and briar-root pipe, I rather think I do things right. I'd beat creation for style, I ween—· Tremendous smart is Silas Bream. I used to drive a New York car And imbibe my juleps before the bar ; Then I went as a mate on the Ohio, And didn't I make our steamer go 1 I've sailed on the Mississippi stream— I'm the cute young Yankee Silas Bream. Young chaps, you can't with me compare For length of limbs, and so take care. I first my book, it's plain to see : There's none oan take my whole from me. Of Yankee lads I am the cream, Oh yes—I guess—I'm Silas Bream. M. Mellett. 2,— "Он, why, Britannia, look so sad to-day, As tho' thy helmet sat with doubled weight , Upon thy queenly brow ? Why from thy seat Of Dover's chalky cliffs, so seaward gaze, As apprehensive of a coming storm Ρ 'Tis true, the canopy looks full of gloom, While dark uncertainty enveils the face- The smiling face of bright prosperity. Yet still there's hope : the clouds have not yet burst ; No lightning's flash is seen ; no thunder heard. The clouds may pass, and each wee tender dove Both mate and soar in Peace's genial air, As they and thou art ever wont to do. I know thy leal heart fondly cherishes Thy neighbour's, even as thy children's weal, And that thou wouldst avert, if thou hadst power, The storm which threatens e'en thy neighbour's shores. But homeward turn thy glance, and see if we Have aught to fear from what thou dost suspect; Huge, monstrous, sanguinary, dreaded first 1" "Stay!" quoth Britannia—"son of Albion, stay, Be not mistaken to the present ills ; The storm has burst, and thunder shakes the air; So loud the roar, and so unearthly dread, That hell and devils to the sound respond. "The mountains tremble, and the neighbouring shores Are all enveloped in the mist of first 1 Whilst murder, fire, famine, are her fruits. О Bella ! Bella ! quid fiat est tu— Turn'd fertile plains into the fields of blood ? Stain'd nature's livery green with crimson dye : Fired, plundered, batter'd, pillaged, and laid waste The prosperous city! crushed and vanquish'd That was a hopeful, peaceful nation's pride. All this of first, I second in the past, And that same sight is it that sads me now." Thus she concluded. When I musing found My whole in Poland as the city chief, Which second, th' hounds of first, once in my whole Henrt Brown. 3,—Jack was a sailor—a jolly Jack tar— A boy for my first in time of war j "Щ And he was a second, as you will see, For he went on the ocean in number three ; My first, second, and third, he saw on the way, And my whole met his vision every day. Н. Blackburn. 312.—ENIGMA. No matter where you chance to go, I'm always to be found ; I'm in the earth, I'm in the sea, but never in the ground; You'll find me in fair England's isle, in France and Sweden too j I was absent at Sadowa, but was at Waterloo. Hot Afric's sunny region is too warm for me to be. I love the foaming river · I gambol on the lea. In America I often am ; in negroes I delight ; I love the golden sunbeams, but not the moon's pale light. I'm never in а shop, but yet I often am on sale j I never point α moral, but I do adorn а tale. Freedom is ever my delight—I hate the sound of chains j I like to join in pleasure, but I do object to pains. Now, reader, I am in you, too; pray find me Out now soon, It's all I ask of you—a very simple boon. J. W. Aitken. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 58. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 48, please see preceding page.