The Riddler.
1. CHARADES. An angry father said one day Unto his son (who, by the way, Some mischief had been into), " If you, my lad, don't mend your ways To blows severe will turn my praise, You do things it's a sin to." To these dread words the son replied, In tones intended to deride Hie father's awful promise : "As sure as ever I am second I'd hit him back again ! He reckoned Your son first silly third was !" Alpha. " Good-bye, my dear !" ho softly cried His heart anear to burst ; The maiden not a word replied, But held a pretty first. He took it ; then, with sudden smile Her lips to his he drew ; " My beauty, were you ever kissed ?" " Well, yes, sir ; just a few !" The girl looked shyly ia his eyes, A kiss he quickly took ; " To second you're welcome, sir," she said, He answered with a look. But heeding not her bashfulness, Some more he quickly stole ; Then, in a voice of love, he cried, "My girl, you're very wholeV' Alpha. ENIGMAS. 3. Fleet as the wind or the lightning's bright flash, Baffling all power to stay its swift flight, Turning the cold wintry months into spring, Filling all nature with beauteous delight. Blunt as the paws of the Hon am I, Longer by far than the whole world combined, And yet, strange to say, I'm acknowledged by all, The shortest thing ever made known to man¬ kind. Although I'm so swift, yet still I must own, My pace is so slow that to lovers at night, When cooing and billing, and breathing of love, I bring sweetest pleasures and endless delight. I am the least valued in this world of cares, The most thing regretted by each one and all, I cut off creation, no matter how great, Yet give life and spirit to things great and small. No thing can be done unless by my help, . I am so extended all ask for my aid, Nations bow to me, the rich and the poor, Through me great reforms in this world have been made. Scan well these few verses, I'm with you 'tis clear, Then use me aright in life's troublesome day, And look to me well in the forthcoming year, So find out my name for I'm passing away. Herbert Read. I'm a noun, I'm a verb, I'm written with letters three, Although I am pronounced as one, As you will plainly see. Herbert Read. I am simple and rustic, and few are the lands, Whose support does not spring from the work of my hands ; If nothing be given me, impossible quite, 'Tis to know if my visage show pain or dehght ;
But give the fourth part of a loaf as a present, And quickly, as if 'twere by magic, I'm pleasant; Take it back, and bestow but the third of a hen, I'm a fine plumaged bird flying ehyly from men ; Take that back, and duplicate sevenths of what's left, Take likewise away, and make up the theft ; Let me have in return the two-eighths of a crescent ; And the shy bird that, shunned us is instantly present. J. Nash. METAGRAMS. 'Neath a myriad twinkling stars, Shadowed by the pale moonlight, Roamed a masher and a maiden, In the stillness of the night. He was lordly, often kingly, And he swore his love was true ; She a brunette, sweet and timid, With two orbs of lightest blue. Fond caresses, and first "Gussy," Happy moments softly sipa, As " dear " whisp'rings pase between them, In th6 " language of the lips." " So there, thou'rt spoonin'once agen' " An angry parent shrieks ; " To ' cheese it,' sir, I next you have For weeks, an' weeks, an' weeks." " You know that you are doin' wrong Or else, at least, yer ought ter, An so, I guess, I'll punish yer For spoonin' wid my daughter." He caught the masher in his arms, And spanked him o'er his knee, Then set him on his shaking legs, And bade him quickly flee. The parent raised his mighty shoe (Eleven was its size), And helped the moping masher Just to soar up to the skies. V. D. Tatlor. 7. 'Twas in a lonely country glade I met sweet Susan Jane, The prettiest of pretty maids, Though humbly clad, and plain. Her eyes were wet with bitter tear3, And she heaved a heavy sigh ; I ventured just to calm her fears, No ! she would first "her cry." " О ! maiden fair, do tell me, please " (I softly murmured low), " Why art thou thus so grieved and sid? Why should those tears thus flow ?" She next her head a saucy toss, A graceful toss, and said : " Iv theaw, zur, dunno shut thi chops, Awl gi' thi one o' th' yead." V. D. Taylor. DECAPITATION. A sunny country bring to mind, Behead, and then a foe you'll find, To which no one is e'er inclined. A. T. EDWARnS. CONUNDRUMS. 1. What does a cart of coals come to ? 2. Why is an uncut flitch of bacon like Hamlet in solitude? t Lt Wk' Riddl