THE PUZZLER. 405.—PICTORIAL REBUS
406.—DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Quite happy he who is the last, , For first he will receive ; And many such will be dispatched ¡ Erom Merton House, I b'lieve. I made a this to Sarah Jane While on my bended knee, That all the girls in Camden Town Should be despised by me. She took my hand, and then declared That she would faithful be Until my next, curtailed, should part Her humble self and me. She wore a dress of newest style, Of this 'twas made, perchance ; And beautiful the maiden looked As she came home from France. One day, Miss Hughes and Sarah Jane To tea had just sat down, When from my next the tea was spilled O'er Sarah Jane's best gown. " Oh dear!" said she, " how very sad ! My ma will scold me so I But never mind, my dear Miss Hughes : 'Twas only this, I know." Before the fire she sat awhile, Ere she went through the town, When this, alas !—a sad mishap !— ĺ Δ hole burnt in her gown. Joey Beown. 407.-CHARADES. 1.— The first is off, the hounds press on, The huntsmen come behind ; Away o'er hill and dale they're gone— Hound's bay and bugle's wind. Away o'er dyke, and ditch, and plain, The pageant speeds along ; Full gallant steeds they who maintain The lead in that gay throng. The second, too, is in the chase, Now hurrying o'er the field, Retaining in the van a place, Tho' that it scarce could yield. The hounds are now at fault, and they In circles search the ground, But not for long : a joyous bay Proclaims the trail is found. Now once again, o'er hill and dale, The noisy train does hie ; The strength of first begins to fail, While nearer draws the cry ; And 'neath the whole's tall nodding flower To hide he vainly tries j Δ hundred eyes upon him glower : He dies, poor wretch—he dies ! J.W. MUSGEAVE. Z,— A little word of letters three To you will first reveal What very likely you and me Do often strive with zeal. Whoever six charades does send Will hope iny first to do ; Real merit will obtain the end Or object now in view. Three other letters now select, And on your minds impress 'That in my second you detect The key to all success. My second must the motto be Of all who wish to first : It must your guide and pilot be If you for knowledge thirst. Δε winters ever onward roll, In robes of white array'd, The weather then is truly whole ; So endeth my charade. Wm. Mountford. 3,— My first is loved by ladies fair, By jolly sailors hated ; If you are second, then you are In some degree related. My whole on willow-trees is seen When spring again is coming ; When grassy fields are growing green, And gentle breezes humming. Geo. J. Bell, Jon. The answers to Puzzler in this number will appear in No. 86. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 74, please see preceding page.