THE PUZZLER. 427.-THREE CHARADES. Вт В. P. Bobbrts. (Selected from those sent in competition f or the prize.) d't
1.—Thb murky sky, with leaden clouds o'ercast, And thunder looming in their awful frown; The fork'd lightning- darting from them out, Ere long the scene wül crown. The sighing wind with melancholy dirge, Like chanting for some cherish'd, loved one gone, Comes moaning on, and stirring leafless trees, Goes onward—ever on. The billows of the sapphire-crested sea, Now changed to hue of darkest em'rald green, Join in the mournful wailing of the wind, And swell the grand, rough scene. The radiant earth, all clad in verdant garb, Is deluged in a flood of beating rain : Its aspect changed, and Nature's lovely face i Becomes a flooded plain. And from the gloomy clouds descending swift My first in second cleaves the darken'd air, To earth quick falling in tempestuous lasts, . And resting, soaking there. Oh, Nature ! in thy varied moods how strange I A whole to-day ; to-morrow, gentle breeze I When shall mankind refrain from lauding thee ? , When will thy praises cease ? 2,— Borne in a dream to fancy's realms, I, wond'ring, there, looked all around j And mighty awe my soul overwhelmed, My spirit with delight was hound. Around, on every shining hand, Bright visions rose of happier days, When fleeting pleasure's transient sun Diffused o'er me deceptive rays. And glittering seas of dazzling light Roll'd over sands of burnished gold : Tall, stately trees majestic grew ; Clear streams of crystal onward rolled. Wide, spreading fields stretched out afar In brilliant hues of living green; And last of first, enraptured, I Gazed long upon the heavenly scene. λ My heart-strings throbbed, its pulses beat, My first came in a flowing stream. It made me whoie. I then awoke, To find 'twas all a glowing dream. 3.—Dimly through the vista of long departed years, Shedding o'er the preeent a pall of funereal gloom, See I gaily tilting a band of knights in armour ; And a young and lovely maid within her pristine bloom, Presides as queen of beauty, and the loud and ringing blows . Of those knights in combat mock, like music strikes all ears, Raising hopes, ah! now dispelled—alternate hopes and fears. gee_gee that noble horseman, how bravely keeps his seat! Disdaining ev'ry heavy blow, his arm with valour nerved, .' — Hurls eaeh succeeding adverse knight from off bis saddled rest ; He firmly seated on his horse, from them has never swerved ; ,....» But dealing blowe, wins plaudits loud from all assembled there ; And as opposing knights he goes continually to meet, . He casts a glance to beauty's throne, replied with one εο sweet. His heart is moved, responsive chords are wakened in her breast, ' And braver still the knight becomes to win the longed-for meed. The jealous eyes of vanquished foes (?) perceive the glances soft— Within her eyes the fire of love they easily can '* And why should вЬе bestow such looks ?" the muttered utt'rings are. " A stranger he, unknown to us, a total at the best : " Then why be look'd upon with love ? Why honoured 'mong the rest ?" The joust is o'er, the victor he proceeds to beauty's queen. This firsts those vanquished enemies (?), "adds fuel to the flame." But see, he lifts his vizor. Ah ! the loud and piercing scream ! " 'Tıs he, my cousin John de Burgh—ay, 'tie the very same ! My mother last to him." The crown was on his head then laid. My total, he, chivalrous knight, had many perils seen In lands afar, where roaming, he for months and years had been. The answers to Fuzzier in this number will appear in No. 93. *** For answers to Puzzler in No. 81, please seo preceding page.. -