jID)DLE TOURNAMENT. NAIRArTIVE METAGRAMS.
Sfirst letter ossoid in the narrative.) - He sat in the garret bare, At a table hacked and small, And gazed, with a weary stars, At the blank and whitewashed wall; And his eyes looked moist and dim In the light of the farthing " glim," Which shed o'er the prospect grim A distant aurl shadbwy glare. And he thonght of the landlord's frown, When he'd call at the house next day, For he hadn't a single crown A quarter's rent to pay; For his poems were ever declined With epithets most unkind, By the editors, all so blind, Of the journals throughout the town. And he sighed as he thought of his woes, "Such is the life of a poet; Bis agony no one knows, For he is ashamed to show it. I've scribbled for many years Mfy verses, with hopes and fears, And faced all the editors' sneers ; But now must the drama blose." Then he left the garret drear, And wandered into the street To a constable standing near, And muttered, in accents sweet, "I'm desolate, weary, and sad, Poverty-stricken. and bad, And, sure, I'd be awfully glad To finish my sad career." Said Robert, "I know what you mean: You're one of the 'destitute poor;'" And pointed, in manner serene, The road to the workhouse door. And the writer, with sorrowful face, Entered that dreary place, Void of poetical grace, And never again was seen. W. E. CuLE. The ghostly hum of the distant town loats by where the lover strolleth, he hears the splash on the rooks below, IlVere the restless billow rolleth. the swish of the waves through the shadowy caves Where the weary night-wind tolleth. Now this is the rock where for, ages past ihave h~ard, at the given token, shear in the voice of the passing blast he name of your lover spoken. st three times three will I count," said he, And the charm of the spell is broken." euoanted one, and he counted two, at no voice on the wind came to him; tor ever he'd counted the mystic three, Orpausedas the night-wind blew him, erenawoke such a shriek from the rooks below 'lTht hrrowed the life-blood through him. sprang to the side and gazed deep down, Audathrill of fear o'ercast him, the white sea foam, and the seaweed brown, Bst short did the feeling last him; ,he leapt far out in the rolling tide Alan object floating past him. d tice he dived, and twice was he dashed On the treacherous rocks of Dover; atheplunged again in the whirling pool, And the third time took hiis over, , uout in the track of the waters black, dhe arms of his drowning lover.s ahsped his arm round her tiny waist, E Asthe choking billow caught her; dover the flood with eager haste o the Red Sea shore he brought her, f, sfe at last from the biting blast, the rush of the surging water. Toss. (To Raebeds.) Thaugh absent I've been from this "Tourney" of rhyme, our honours from sharing so sadly precluded, et I'lll not be, as a penance for crime, m participation for ever denuded. With features aglow, From regions below, me to the battle with vigour renewed aing my presence doesn't tend to intrude),. To rouse up contributors slow. riddler, whose name has, for reasons not mentioned, Sstrictly concealed underneath a thin mask, sendeavoured in manner so kindly intentioned oplace to his credit an onerous task. He claims to expound A myst'ry profound, aertsing that I am of feminine gender, pying quit bravely solution to render, Inexplicable though it may sound; loheds, your venture was Iertainly clever, thogh from the truntl twas astoundingly free; didly own that a ladyhas never heoaor of friendship extended to me. With Diablo great SNot linking my fate, edto refute 'en the slightest connection (I ! odig, though willing to claim his protection When fleeing from Mepho irate. MSoNT Cmrnsto, Hades. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. ethefra, two letters of a word to form another word, ex-' Plressed In the narrative.) ,Plibbertigibbet, .h, flibbertigibbet, e th the pen-name of syllables five, eossessed you-I never caressed you- . opce a statement while I was alive P e".'ePr a small one--'s becoming a tall one, . kig acquaintances up in the clouds' ed warllng, and so it is scorning adicethat is profferred by common.sense crowds. ,,u is abnormal t abnora, and only a storm 'ill Sis earance mongst that which is blue i th ightning, while the sky it is brightening, ith its keen knife and fork cut it in' twol old onny, for love or for money ri atempt unny, though hard I might try; d irtempt it, ut naught but contempt it , m those folks with a critical eye. aiof t dinner, I thought I should win a eagh I anks from the hostess and host; .. e oame gsd hearty, in all that great party thmnisi-.at there wasn't aghost I byilst~e'em ent to show I'm efficient tience of moite than one bird; eago, bbetthat amea ! did you crib itP- g yoeur con. life has notbeen so hard. F. JoncsoNs, MLanchester. .iti wh REVE'RSION. S1. ha- rs ba kwnri forms auoother word.) Who raple country lad, ILtisttior0e lest the town'- FLcmnsaBrnennrr~ . we\r
h DUALAM.t S()0hhgo the first two letters ofi word to form another word.) .- I thank yot, Miss Nell. for the answers you've $int To the queries I put of the time you have spent' But your high reputation you had first redeemed From what at the: time truant doings had seemed. And now you have taken your stand in the ring, ex- And seem' so determined to steadfastly cling To the laurels you've won, why, what else can I say Than I hope that all joy will be going your way P You have had-not bad fortune. Oh, well, 'tisn't bad, And you told us, indeed, the ill-fortune you've had: The need of a dress, and" a nice, new one," too, Is the wish of each girl, if you'd search the world through. But address I've been looking for now and again, And the futile endeavour had given me pain; So aid me, Miss Fortune, misfortune to beat, And the thanks I shall feel I can never repeat. Now dreamy and mystic I am.- I'll give in, And I'll try to soar upwards, your favour to-win In a dreamy way 'tis that I dream my own dreams, -In the mystical way which-my lady esteems. And mys-tic my thanks for the kindness displayed In the few closing lines of the answer you've made; If I were to say what we think of our head, I should last for a month, and all shouldn't be said. But what shall I say about what I have seen Addressedby the maid of perception so keen P " Is Ivanhoe Juan, or he Ivanhoe ?" Or each of them somebody else, don't cher know P Well, now, I'm astonished, astonished to find Our Nellie to awful inventions inclined; Our witty inventor was often fir.t right, But now she has left in a fanciful flight. Just fancy me lauding the knight Ivanhoe! Just fancy me having suchpraise to bestow I Just fancy our Nell landing Robert loe D. ! And then fancy Ivanhoe patted by me i Think of Miss flephisto, the maiden from Hades. Being crowned with a wreath by our queen of the ladies; Think this if you like, and will whisper it low, But I cannot butter nor jam Ivanhoe. Miss Nellie, your penance is very much du-. And what shall Isay to you, what shall I do P Let Juan stand oit and declare if I'm he, And with such avowal I straightway agree. But till that is done I can only reply " That I am not he, and that he is not I;" Prepare for your penance, you dreadful Miss Chief, For the fact of your wickedness passes belief. IVANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DIVISION. (A word of which two words are mades, expressed in the narrative.) Whole Word. 7.-For months upon months a fair maid has been conning, And round her the poetic halo ne'er fades ; And sometimes the armour of captains was donning, lit we liked her the more for her wild escapades. Nellie Watson of Cheshunt, so witty and pleasant, At present As queen you're acknowledged by all in the shades. First Division. When our queen abdicated in favour of you, miss, The skeleton Death raised his arm down below; Thongh we loved you in truth as we did, and still do, miss, We couldn't quite see why Queen Ronnie should go. But since she had said it, and Mepho had read it, Why credit We gave for magnanimous conduct, you know. Shall we love her the less for her unqueenly action ? No, the deed to the doer a brightness imparts; It gives to Queen Magnet redoubled attraction- Though" orownhess, she still shall reign queen of our Shearts; So fairer and lighter, more gifted and brighter, I will write a Poor poem or ode to her poetic parts. Second Division. But while I am writing I'm nearly forgetting About the fair maid I am writing about. While Nellie is rising our bright sun is setting, And Nell shall console us for the queen we're without. A bit of advice, miss, I'll give once, not twice, miss, 'Tis nice, miss- Yet stay-for the moment my muse haS gone out. (Advice unavoidably postponed till next time.) LoRD ROBERT LE DIABLE. TRIPLE CHARADE. (Formed on four words, each syllable of which is a word,) 8.-My first denotes intervening; My second correlates borrowed; My third ate holes in a cashmere dress, At which little Emeline sorrowed. My fourth is a note in the gamut; My fifth is a sound from metal; My seventh's the time when my sixth is above; My sixth is as round as a kettle. My third, fourth, fifth, name a custom , Which English folk still celebrate; Three, four, five, six, seven, will name you the day; One and two will fix you its date. J. MOORE. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of aword, leaving another word, expressed S in the narrative._ 9.-This song of mine Is a lyric fine, To be sung with joyful lilting, By Quen Marion, With her voice clarion, As she watches her gallants tilting. It is not a song So bright or so strong As that of brave Desdichado, Whose sad romaunt, And feminine chaunt, Is masculine in its bravado. I rave of " poetree," Represented in me By doggerel droll and dreamy; And I snivel and carp Over a broken harp, Al And a voice that's shrill and screamy. 17 W. M. HoLMEs, Easingwold. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word,leaving another word.) 10.-A farmer's implement you take (A near relation to a rake), And of its head deprive it; A warlike weapon you'll behold Which now is obsolete, I'm told, And few wish to revive it. MANDARIN. ACROSTIC. (A word.or worts. formids of thi ilitiil letters of other wrds.) Foandaltion Word.. 11.-My 'primals, if you read aright; Of land a large tract comes to sight. Cross Werds. A lt'iiouls fruit. A male sheep. A frisky snim'-l. S en i. winter. A fence. A hard, ducotile mietal. A well-hknown flsh.-J. T. Vrvr.T, Croydon.
CURTAILMENT. . .. .) . (Drrethe final letteriof'a'wordlearviin' another word.) t 12.-Dear Nell, I am pleased you sent men'rrepistle, For such things are rare'with this gratifibd-elf ; And for some time I joyed with a laugh and a whistle, Last whistling's not right, as I'm not on the " shelf." And the pleasure I'd feel would have never-a limit If, as you suggest, you could talk all you say; .y But that bright time may come, and the hope will not dim it, ad, When we may have a talk through the postalized way. All I say about you wouldn't lose by repeating, And so you can take it as once again read, rid For I eagerly watch for our sure weekly meeting, To treasure the things in the "Tournament" said. You have gathered around in your queenly position A band of strong hearts that are able and true; You rule over all with the " Tourney's " commission, And all I can say is, I wish I were you. Like you, I'm regarding this singer of Belfast With strengthened suspicion that he has a mask; And very soon you'll see the mystery dispel fast, If I can get on with the troublesome task. Yet'twould be a pity if he proved a datmsel, For such are not given to "bushel" their light; But all will be known when we shall the dear "lamb " sell, And, never a doubt, it will just serve him right. But, dear me I've met with a great catas-trophe ! You hint I am nice, and you say I am sweet; But yet in the next you are joking me, Sophie, By asking if I am so lost in deceit. Just think of me giving my secrets, and losing My most precious love on the " Tournament" queen, While, doubtless, the time my poor cons. you're perusing, You're winking and saying, " Oh, she is so green I" And you-just yourself-were an awful deceiver, For you were Mephisto and Robert le D.; Sa, as of such plots you're a well-practised weaver, You first you would make such a charge about me. he I feel I could cry, but I won't let you know it- I do-so I do-you're a quiz-so you are; And if I think more of you, don't think I'll show it, lut I'll try to put thoughts of you ever so far. SOPHIE. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 13.- Oh, fain *ould we write of new subjects for ever, Oh, fain would we sing in a loud, joyous tone ; But, though we have studied for years, we have never Discovered aught else but the time has fast flown. Now we think that it isn't exactly-er-proper For fellows to fall when they tread on some peel; Of course, it's but natural they should come a cropper, Still, that is no reason why thieves often steal. Oh, fain would we write in a style which is funny, Oh, fain would we howl-if we'd only the time; U Ah, yes, all our cons. would o'erflow with fresh honey. And all that we scribbled would be in best rhyme. 'Tis strange that the cons. which are each week appearing Are crammed full of subjects all worn.out and old; And though you may think that our manner is sneering, Still, that is no reason why ice is so cold. Oh, fain would we write like the time-honoured sages, Oh, fain would we promise our utmost to do; But though we have riddled so long in these pages, We've only found out that the ocean is blue. A man does a hornpipe, and bellows like thunder, Whenever he treads on the point of a tack, No doubt this confession will cause you to wonder, Still, that is no reason why trade is so slack. Oh, fain would we stop and extol our own verses, Oh, fain would we swear that our jokes are immense; 'Tis something delightful to hear a man's curses When chased by a bull near a newly-tarred fence. Some girls will partake of the pleasures of squeezing, But screain when you ask fora kiss, you may bet ; Perhaps you have not found this con, very pleasing, Still, that is no reason why rain is so wet. T. E. BARLEY AND HECTOR. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 14.-A splendid first Will gave to me, v And I thanked him very much; The next-day I was very ill, So his gift I could not touch. As soon as I was well again, e: My first I began to next; But let Willie do it for me On a very small pretext. When Willie and I were married, The spectators all concurred In pronouncing us to be a Decidedly handsome third. FLIBBERTIGIB E]T. METAGRAMS. (0hangethe firat letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-" I've knocked about the world a bit," ] ¶' he old tar said to me, " And many wondrous sights have seen While wandering o'er the sea." " From port to port I've travelled far, The line I've ciossed full oft; 5 And every kind of craft I've seen 6 While mounting up aloft. " Put I'm feeling older day by day, My race is nearly run; No more I'll wander o'er the first, 9 My goal is almost won. 10 "I'll settle down to end my life 11 In a cottage near the shore, Whore I hear the surge I love so well, 12 When I last the waves no more." 13 MANDARIN. 14 16.-" Lives of great men all remind us," 15, As the time is passing by, Creditors may surely find us, 16, If of paying we are shy. Some will also find the busy 17 Bees have not yet lost their sting, Next they sit upon them easy, And first quickly upward spring. IRoN MASH. j ANAGRAMS ON MYTHOLOGICAL PERSONAGES. 17.-Although our verseis halt, weak, blina, and lame, 18. Perchance our names are not unknown to fame:-- WVill Pickerino bold, a Sphinx agreeable, 19. Likewise yours truly, Riber Badlot Diablo, 20. Decide to send, in manner analogical, 21 Some anagrams on persons mythological. I'm good, but Bill a better is, poor wight ; He cheats a man and gets the cane to-night. ( I popped to Katie Meose, whom I adodre, 22. But she said "No!" and so I said no more. ( "Five HundredPounds Reward," the murderer spies, Reds at a glance, and by the back way flies. Wh.n Romulus was spanked with many a cuff, M 'Twas then that Rommt aached, and cried" Enough I" L The deaf old lady heard the cannon roar; ate "Oh, I can hear! there's some one at the door." J. The three-card man a trick on us once played, K N Showed sr hccart-we picked, and found a spade. ai I ouly turned to drink a cup of tea; C Mly pen htd disappoare.-and so must we. Igr W. D. PICEnING ANn IOBERT Lrn DIAnLN. dec
(Wods N vlAvTI UONOdPHOfNR. (Words of diff rentmeaning, bi 4 siame in anti;r orp esse" In nitfenrentml, the nati'ist ve; 18.-" She married well," they said, though this was all They knew-of hundred suitors for her hand' , r , Her husband was the lord of Landon Hall, ' His heart and wealth were both at her command. I7 The silent past she only miglit recall, Some pleasures were the'e she could not withstand; ,r These were to muse on stVhral letters From former lovers, reckoned as her debtors. One from the heap she drew, whilst a cold smile Played round her lips,,half parted with disdain - And p*ide, then o'er itscontents gazed awhile, And thought, maybe,.A moment on the pain She caused its author; others writ in style, In'characters cramped, elegant, or plain, That men adopt to women they revere; Another she perused,was like, though more sincere. " All hope hath fled--4ea, even hope can flee ; Thy-face I saw Lnever can see more; What is my lifh what is the world to me, SWithout yon,,whom I always must adore P What is my heart when thrown aside by thee ? Who heal my wound? Can aid or arts restore The long-lost years, that I may once again Feel what is lod'e, nor dream I loved in vain P ' It is too true that you are wed to one . Whose wealth, and rank, and honourable name Were the chief means by which your heart was won; I cannot now reproach, nor will I blame, Or cause you to regret what you have done; I shall not cease to love-you still the same. Can memory fade, or can affection die, For those we once have loved devotedly P" She turned aside and glanced forth through the pane, And saw the hills half shrouded in the mist; She heard the winds drive heavily the rain : Upon her roof; her slender fingers twist In many a fold the links within her chain, That was his gift, the seal of many a tryst In bygone days: ".Would I had never met,". She sighed, " the one I seek too vainly to forgot" The sun sank deeply down in the far west, She watched its waning beams fade in the sky, The shadows creeping o'er the ocean's breast, The long swell heaving shoreward silently; The birds fly swiftly homeward, seeking rest, And the last laden wane move slowly by, As if the thickening gloom and dusky night Shut hope, and love, and joy from out her sight. t LucosEus, Clauglstoi'- NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 19.-" Oat ear, oat ear!" the Jew exclaimed, "She's trod upon my corn;" The dear she says, " You me amaze- 'Tis winter, and all shorn. " But I'll appease your feelings, sir, Mine has bean treated so; So we can be in sympathy, And on our ways can go." " But, tear me, madam," he replied, "'Tis thrice I've suffered so; It goes against my grain to say I have a tender toe. " It's like a flour that's come in spring- Its bran.ish me annoyed;" Oh, then, good sir," the lady said, "It ought to be destroyed." EH AND W. L. MILLERL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word. or words.) FQunidation Words. 20.-My primals and finals under English protection, Close to where tea is raised in perfection .. Cross Words. A note of interjection. A dentifrice. An account,. Ridiculing. NEaro:: CONUNDRUMS. 1.-What class of chemicals ought to interest tanners most ? 2.-Why is farming a very refined occupation ? W. M. HOLMEs, Easingwold. 3.-What is the hardest thing to beat --FLurBnnTI. GIDBET. 4.-What is that word of five letters of which, when you take away two, only one remains P-INGoxAR, Widnes. 5.-What machine may be used in weaving fancies P. ANSWERS.-1. Oxides (ox-hides). 2. Because there must be culture in agriculture. 3. A boiled egg. .,4. Stone. 5. An heir loom.