THE RİDDLER.
tl -·' · 1. CHARADB. Mt pipe is now empty, I by down my book No longer a eh irm it appears, I stare in the fire, and first second look Through a long vista of years ; I eoe rep oducod the bright scenes of my youth, I reel once again of ligiit twart, No grim-looking wizard, fantastic, uncouth, Of my joy withers a part. I look round me now ; all is trouble and strife, No caresses to cheer or condole, I'm driven half-mad by a deuce of a wife, Distraoted by squealing» of whole. > Аынл. M ET AG RAU. Аз I wander thro' the world, sad, friendless, and tot lorn, My eyes are oft bedimmed with bitter tears, And I long to see the cottage, the place wher« I was born, Wherein were spent my happy early years. How well do I remember the garden and its trees, The honeysuckle round tbe cottage door, The sprays and the flowers gently waving to th« breezj,— Each old familiar thing I'll see no more. Alas ! I must remember, with agonizing pain, The ocean rolls between that home and me ; But the all-consuming passion to beholdit once again, Rekindles all my la teut energy ; And when my life is steadily fast drawing to an end, And thro' the world no longer-1 shall roam. Though oceans roll between us my last moments I shall spend Iu fancy with my happy childhood's home. Alfua. 8. CHARA-ES. Athwart the ocean's briny deep 1 gazed with tearful eye, And thought of home as thus I gazed, Upon the first bright sny. It brought me back my former days, When ram ding o'er the farms ; It brought me back when first I met My next with all her charms. My heart U pained when'er I think That in the shady dell, I saw my whole, but now, alas ! I'm forced to s.iy farewell. H. Read. O '£ day in school I had to work A sum in " Rule o' Three," The sum went wrong, the master scowled» It roused his first on me. Our country is most beautiful, Dear England, lovely clime ; A second, of sweet apples, boys, A land unscathed by Time. My whole will now a country form, Filled with dissensions, strife ; England has braved full many a storm, With which it has threatened ber i ife. W. В. Тношон. MYjirjiieabeaet, . My se .oud a stream ; My whole is a town Of 'graduates the themo. Answers to Last Week's Biddies. 1. Milton, thus, AdaM, Assegai, BrUtoL, PUT, Waterloo, welliugtoN. 2. What, that. 3. Fishing-rod. 4. Foot, man. 6. Land, grave. β. J SUN TABLE J U B I L И В BAL· VI IIA ■ 7. Poop. 8. Stool, tool.