THE RIDDLER (f 'í ■ и ν к- i tf i · ' ' ŕ 1. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. word in the narrative, reading backwards and for¬ wards th· asme.) A роысышг bold was Titus Senn, The sm«rtest in the foroe ; Of burglars, thieves, and such-like men, Bome ecorea he'd caught, of courte. And for the town of Dumbledeo He'd don· his " level best," Dadi a abort timo ain«·, when he- Bat Wait, and read the rest, r One bight, about a month ago, The wind btew oold and strong ; And Titus swore, as through the snow He went his beat along. Said he, " Before the dawn is nigh, I'll frosen te to death ; My hands and feet are now, and I Can aoaroely take my breath. "Well, thb night's beat beau all, I fear," Continued our hero · и The mercury—well, I will swear It's far below sero ! "Oh, how lt snows ! П1 get, I know, A cold upon my ehest ; Ah—grand idea 1 yes, home I'll go, Ana snatch a little rest." So straightway home our hero went, And into bed he crept ; Soon with his впогев the air was rent, For—yes, he soundly slept I But euddenly he rave a jump, And woke up with a shock ; For on his door he heard a thump— A mighty, double knock. Then from his bed he quickly soared, And struck his manly (I) breast, And opening the window, roared : " Wbat fool disturbs my rest?' Then came these words back like a storm ; " I am the chief constable ! To-morrow, bring your uniform, And save me further trouble. 4 You've loft the streets to every thief— I really will not brook it ; Your conduct, sir, is past belief, And you will bave to ' hook it.' " Now, poor Senn's misery this did crown ; It drained tbe bitter cup, 80 he put a cup of spirits down, To keep bis spirits up / This dose, his courage rose much higher ; Said he, " Dear Colonel Pelf, If you va uniform require, You'll take it, please, yourself. "And as to -thieve·, its far too eold For them to be about ; The burglar would, Indeed, be bold, Who thi* night ventured out." Bo at his chief (?) he threw the clothes, Then mto bed did creep, While on the midnight air there rose Btrong curses, loud and deep. A few day· after, Titus went Before a virtuous " beak ;" Ah ! Senn tbe «nn-tenoe did lament ; 'Twas—" Prison for a week 1" Alas 1 the folk of Dumbledoe May perbaps ne'er see him more, For he nas loft the town, and he Does tramp the oountry o'er. Α. Τ. βΐϋΡΒοκ. DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. A ooLLEOк standing on a hill, a lovely vale below, A humble pond within that vale, its waters ever low ; ', Within that college on that hill are students great and • small, Who oft are wont to slide opon that pond, and oft they fall. Straight from the college to tbe pond a lane ther» leads direct, ■ And wben recess eomes, all those boys quick exit Jo effect, And down that first in single file they spring upon a slide Which they have made upon the ke, clear tc the other aide. There lies a pretty little village Just one mile away, And thitherward those college boys betake them »тегу day; Between them and the village boys a deadly feud exists, .4nd often they in friendship make acquaintance with their Cete. Now, every chance these rivals get to strike a fatal blow, No quarter's shown on either side—down in the dust they go ; For should ρ village boy of pluck in bravo pass their TheyTall rush put and give him cause ne'er to forget • N thafduy. * S O A T T T T A S ' T A O U U A W T I T A A A I A A W T T A A I ( I E I
The village lads all lay a plot with deep and fell intent, To vengeance take upon that school for every past event; So straightway they agreed to meet, when late and dark, last night ; : . Off to the ice-pond they would go, and run with all their might. And thus thoy did ; when near the pond, with cautious steps and alow. They crept upon the ioe ; then in the oentre, stooping low, -^ir.-T? They cut a large equare piece of ice, just where tho foot-slide past ; They took the ice and off they wont, returning home at last. '·., ,v The hole they'd cut at midnight had frozen o'er once more, And looked the same, whsn morning came, as it had done before; So when the school-boys all came out, straight for the pond they went : 'Twas like a mill-stream, on they rushed to elide and be content. | \ E They roach the brink—yet on they rush, regardless of their fate. And headlong in the pond they go, their cry for help too late; On, on they go—they eannot stop, and so they pile in more, Until at last the hole is full, and numbers quite a score. Up from the bushes, where they'd hid, the village boys then rose, And shouts of triumph filled the skies, as every one there knows ; When, dripping wet those college boys unto their school return, ; They vow that vengeance dire and deep will on« day be their tuin. H. J. Bktukll (South Hampstead). NARRATIVE! METAGRAMS. I've fallen in love with somo half-dozen girls— A capital thing to do. They've all got red hair, which they do up in curls— A capital thing to do. And sometimes tho lot all together I meot, And loving and tender we walk down the street, And into the " tuck-shop," where each one I "treat"— A capital thing to do. treat them to chocolate, jumbles, and creams— A capital thing to do. And lemonade, too, which they swallow in streams— A capital thing to do. And when we have cleared out the shop, I propose We should go for a stroll where the rivulet flows ; They consent, and I kiss thom all under the n6se— A capital thing to do. Then out of the shop we march all of a row— A capital thing to da And down to tho river romantio we go— A capital thing to do. And as tbe moon shines from her place in the sky, ardently gaze into each damsel's eye, (Or «yet I ehould say), and heave sigh after sigh— v \ A capital thing to do. I endeavour to tell them the size of my love— A capital thing to da I swear I'm as true as the stars up above— A capital thing to da promise, when I have grown bigger, to wed Each one of the six ; and when this I have said, trot 'em all home, and get into my bed— A capital thing to do. Loan Knowswho. ·. . ' ' : A RHTMiNa youth am I, My home is near the Lea (A river, by-the-by. That' smells infernally) ; So welcome me, weloome mo To the Journal Jubilee. My ink is best blue-black, My pen's a flying J, Of rhymes I have no lack, I'm alwaye blithe and gay ; So welcome me, welcome me To the Journal Jubütc 111 do my level best To please you, one and all ; My riddles I'll invest With jokes, and stories " tall ;" So weloome me, weloome me To the Journal Jubilee And now I'll make my bow. And wish you all " good-day ;" But ere I go, I vow To eome another day, If you'll welcome me, welcome me To the Journal Jubilee. Lobd Knowswho. ■ —— 6. Women alone, 'tis often said, Do know of lovo the value true, That their object of affection they Would worship as necromancers do The arts by commoners called black ; But my experience has been With women the quite reverse of this, , And some of you know what I mean.
' I've found that they are artful, sly, And each apt to call the other "oat Ι" β Their worshipful love Is rather "tame "— They've too many strings to their bjws for that Bo my experience, my friends, Wifi scarcely tally with that of the man Who said that a woman would worship yeu ; No, nol there isn't a girl who can. ____ B, L. * MONOTONE. (Words spelt and pronounced «he same, hot hartes different meanings.) (In reply to E. N. Harris in Ke. 41.) FaiXND Harris, I'm astonished at yoar primal went of reason ; In fact, I'm half determined to beoome your deadly foe! For—oh, I fail to eee why yoa did /taat sueh renk treason - In the little oon. you wrote us but a few short weeks ago. Though all the knights you mentioned аю ее very wi« and witty, There are others quite as skilful, over whom you made no fuss ; And if they sign a pen-name to each clevor little ditty That they send us, is it manly for you at these namee to "cussT' There's Hercules and Droffo—both of these, you'll own, are olever ; Young Burgh, and friend Apollo, who not long has joined our ranks ; Apostrophe and Ajax, from our ranks will never sever : Friend Hannibal and Alpha—all deserve our warmebt thanks. But you, instead of thanking them, tako up a strage position, And call-down on then* pen-names " cusses " dark as any tomb ; Be careful, oh, friend Harris, or the tide of  10. Tire, Fira .,. \ IL Won-der. - 12. Tram,'Ram, Am. 18. AndT An.