The Riddler.
1.—CHARADES. My first lays eggs both white and brown, Anel up my second pecks ; The business calls my whole from town; I've one, but not two necks. G. B. Gill. My first holds water, beer, and ale, And other liquors safely ; My second, knights with coat of mail Have won the title bravely. My whole is clreaeled by mankind, They say I'm very painful ; Oh, then take care, or you may find My nature's surely baneful. G. B. Gill. 3.—ENIGMAS. Гном battle plains where murel'rous cannons roar, I'll turn with joy towards my native shore ; For now the sanguinary fight is o'er ; And victory's crowned Our hosts renowned With glorious success Beneath the British flag. For those we love of homo and kindred dear Are ever longing thus to welcome hero Tho brave, whose deeds have rung in every ear; Of hero's fame Long may they claim In battio a glorious success Beneath tho British flag. For Britain's flag is ever dear to me, Where dwell the hearts so noble, good, and free ; That loves my wdiolo With heart and soul, And may it ever bless All 'neath tho British flag. John Savage. 4. I often murmur, yet I nover weep ; I always lie in bed, but never sleep ; My mouth is wide, and larger than my head, And much disgorges, though it ne'er is fed ; I have nó legs or feet, yet swiftly run, Anel the more falls I get, move faster on. Flora M. 6.—REBUS. Transpose your noso, Now throw part away ; You well love tho rest— At least—people say. R. C. Clewes. (J. Just inside your mouth, • If transposed aright, A part of your foot Is brought into light. R. C. Olewes.
7.—CHARADE. У first is white and spotless pure, A carpet 'neath your tread, Methinks 'tis dust from heaven's floor, Swept out from overhead. Míj second is young childhood's joy, And manhood's too, I ween, And often in the days gone by The battio field has seen. So large, so small, so very soft, Anel yet so hard can bo ; My second in circumference Astounding is to me. My ivhole in winter time is ripe, 'Mong country lads at play, They call it fun—anel we must own 'Tis so, in its right way. George Arveley. 8—ENIGMA. I believe I am nearly as old as creation, And am certainly known to each civilised nation, I am owned by all ranks from the poer to tlie peasant, Yet rarely am given by way of a present. The hard-working cottager thinks me a trea¬ sure, But his children demolish mo often with pleasure ; To the field with the ploughman I freepiently go, But tho palace is never without me I know. The sick man will look at me day after elay, And then with a sigh perhaps senel me away. I am usually sought by the healthy and strong, Yet strange though it seems they will not keep me long. At times I am hot, at times I am cold, By some I am bought and by some I am sold ; The rich do not prize me so much as the poor, Yet without me they woulel not be happy I'm sure. Then tell me, dear reaeler, my name I im¬ plore, For doubtless to-day I have been at your door. A. Smith. 9.—TRIPLE ACROSTIC. 1.—This is that living orb of life, confess, Reader, without it you were visionless! 2.—This is that noble whose invite's a cheat—■ Whoever dines with him'has naught to eat. 3.—Wall-fruit must be its name, if not its nature, No fault of mine—erroneous nomencla¬ ture ! 4.—This is how Nelson lay across his foes, And Jack asleep upon his hammock goes. 5.—In Cuba, where the best tobacco grows, There is a port whicb many a sailor knows. 6.—This, with instruction, reader, you may see, The aim of th' Boys' Champion is anel me. Now from all these the ends and contres sever, Then, gucsser dull, or amateur most clever, Placo them together rightly, and you'll seo A novelist of great celebrity. George F. Alluritt. 10.—CHARADE. One sunny elay in merry first, The woods were filled with song ; Along went lads anel lassies gay, A joyous, goodly throng. The world was very fair that day, The linnets trilled their lays ; The burnished gnats and busy bees
Hummed Iouel their thanks of praise. The lads and lassies 'neath the trees Were plucking flowers rare : And into wreaths were forming them, And, oh ! they lookeel so fair. With leaves anel flowers they deck'd a last, Of every shaele and hue ; Fair lilies white, and crimson buds, And harebells azure blue. Bright littlo daisies, starry ejyod, Gay golden cups as well ; And every kind of flower thoy sought, That grows in wood or dell. They placeel the wreaths upon their heads, A nd gaily danced and sung ; Around my whole each lad and lass— A joyous, goodlv throng. En.