(!vatIccr5 tor tic 3u cntnui .
i,* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzle or Charade received after this date. and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person woill be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 862. My first is in chair, but not in stool; My second's in daft, but not in fool; My third is in candle, but not in grease; Mly fourth is in smooth, but not in crease; My fifth is in absent, buit not in away; My sixth is in merry, but not in gay; My seventh is in England, but not in France; My eighth is in g.unbil, but not in dance; I'm sure my whole yon soon will find If to try you are inclined. K. MILL.9. 863; My first is in boot, but not in shoe; My second is in she, but not in you; My third is in quarrel, but not in fight; My bforth is in loose, but not in tight; My fifth is in seat, but not in sit; My sixth is in fire, but not in lit; My seventh's in lover, but not in bean; My eighth is in think, but not in know; My ninth is in hanrd, but not in glove; My tenth is in loving, buc not in luve; My eleventh's in desk, b it not in pe ; My twel'th is in people, but not in men; My las1t is in sit, and also in stand: My whole is a tale in tue BUYs OF ENGLAND. K. MILLS. 864. My first is in ell, but not in yard ; 1My second is in ace, but not in card; My third's in artillery, but not in gun; 31y founrh's in enigma, but not inl pun; M1 fifth is in ink, but not in I ot; o 3i sixth is in cooling, but not in hot; Me y seventh is in garinm, but not in boy; M. My eighlth is in plything, but not in toy; My ninth is inl hour, bitt not in day ; My tenth is in autumin, but not in May. These letters read correctly and you will see d A town in England there will be. G. H. BROWN. d 865. My first is in field, not in plain ; e Mly second is in road, not in lane; My third is in well, not in river; i My fourth is in cold, not inl shiver; dI My whole is an occupant of the farm-yard. E. D. S66. Mfy tirst is in hand, not in arm; Mly second is in terror, not in alarm; Iy third is in run, not in walk; 1e My fourth is in speech, not in talk; )t 31 tifth is in grief, not it woe; My sixth is one that you -hould know; J My seventh is in war. not in peace; My eighth is in bird. not ini beast; l My whole is a city of celebrity, Its name you'll rind in hbutory. E. D. I 087. I 1000 and tea A kind of food. 501 ,, the A female name. 1 ,, ansJr A fema:e name. 1001 , as A country in Asia. 56 ,, enee A female name. e 100 ,, h stay Small vessels. The initials and finals read down, Will name two rivers of renown. ll PIONEER.