M US X I G. -0- ANSWERS TO RIDDLES IN FEBRUARY No. (page 29.)
1. A little otter. 2. Sixteen-4 (for) better, 4 worse, 4 richer, 4 poorer. 3. A sailor. 4. To amagistrate to be redressed. 5. Skye terriers. 6. By doubling one's fists. ANswER TO CHARADE. 1. Earnest. 2. Patriot. 3. Pungent. ANSWER TO DOUBLE AcROSTIC. MercifuL, INO, LeamingtoN, TorpiD, OhiO, North- amptoN. TIHE GAME OF "CONGLOMERATIONS." This is a very good intellectual game for young people. Any number can play at it. The party being seated round a table, each player is provided with a pencil and a sheet of paper. A long, narrow strip of paper is then passed round the table. Each person writes a "noun" on this, and, turning it down, passes it to the next person, who writes another substantive without seeing what the former player has written. If there are only four or five players, it will be necessary for each one to write two words; if there are many, one each will be sufficient. The more incongruous the words are, the more amusement will they produce. One of the players then reads aloud all the nouns which have been written, and each person writes them in order on the heading of his blank sheet of paper. When this is done, the time is taken, and twenty minutes of silence allowed, during which each person is expected to write a poem, or prose narrative, or letter, in which every word must be introduced in the order in which they are written. The following are two specimens from a game of con- glomerations played here. The words written were- "Metropolis, Gout, Candlestick, Mrs. Arnold, Gorilla, Hand, Valentine, Owl, Bologna Sausage, Scarecrow, I$onkey, Pier, Invisibility." Certainly not subjects of literary inspiration. In twenty minutes, however,
thirteen compositions were handed in, no. two of which were alike, and many of them very olever. We can only give two:- No. 1. Not long ago in the great south metropolis, Italia's Florence, not the Greek Decapolis, There lived a gentleman so wondrous stout, That he a very martyr was to gout. And this most trying Englishman's complaint Rendered his temper bad beyond restraint. He took his candlestick to go to bed, But shrieked and growled at every painful tread, Which brought his servants, men and maidens, out To see what all the noise could be about. With them came Mrs. Arnold, his duenna. "Oh, ho! " he cried, " my pains are like Gehenna; I'd rather a gorilla be in Afric's land Than bear these awful twinges in my hand. Here, Valentine," said he, with angry scowl, "Come help me up the stairs, you staring owl; My fist is like a raw Bologna sausage, Cut by the wind in this cold, drafty passage. Now, don't stand like a scarecrow or a monkey, But ope the door-why, you have got the wrong key. A Bramah key won't fit Chubb's patent lock. Make haste ! I may as well be on the pier or dock, As stand in this cold staircase of' Casa Fyges.' Oh for invisibility-per ring of Gyges." No. 2. MY DEAR Bon,--YOR enjoying life in the netropolis, can pity me doomed to a month in a stupid little watering- place, paying a duty visit to Uncle Isaacs, who is more cross than ever with an unusually bad fit of gout. He growls at me from morning till night, and, if I venture to make an assertion, knocks it down till it has not a leg to stand upon. One day I said, "Miss Spinks was a pretty girl," on which lie declared she could not hold a candlestick to Mrs. Arnold, who is fat as an elephant, ugly as a gorilla, and, being willing to purchase his fortune at the expense of her hand, makes a dead set on him. The first delicate hint of her preference was shown by her sending him a Valentine last February, in which work of (he)art a dove, very like an owl, carried in his mouth a heart, which looked very like a Bologna sau- sage. This estimable lady has a black servant-a perfect scarecrow-whose chief duty seems to be to lead her chattering monkey behind her when she walks on the plier, which creature so terrifies the children that they take refuge in invisibility behind their nurses' gowns or the bathing-machines. Such are the delights of this " charming sea residence," as the newspapers say.-I am, dear Bob, your moped HARUY SMIITII. [This game of Conglomerations is furnished to " THE LADIES' TREASURY" by a subscriber resident in Florence.]