AMUSiXNG, -o- A CATHIOLIC SERMON IN NEmW ENGrLAND.
I THINK the Catholic bishops must reserve a few wild priests for the remoter country congregations, where there is little chance for proselyting. I witnessed a Catholic service, a summer or two since, in the very heart of New England, which was a chapter of Charles O'lMalley come to life-a bit of old Ireland trans- ferred bodily to the New World. Toward nine o'clock on Sunday morning, the hour appointed for the semi-monthly mass, the people gathered about the gate under the trees, while the ruddy and robust priest stood at the church door, accosting those who entered with a loud heartiness that made every word he uttered audible to the people standing without and to the people kneeling within. He was a jovial and sympathetic soul, who could (and did) laugh with the merry and grieve with the sad; but it was evident that laughter came far more natural to him than crying. When he had concluded, at 9.15, a boisterous and most jovial conversation with Mrs. O'Flynn at the door, every word of which was heard by every member of the waiting congregation, he entered the church, and proceeded to the altar before which he knelt, holding his straw hat in his hand. His prayer ended, he went into a small curtained alcove at the side, where his priestly robes were hanging. Without taking the trouble to let the curtains fall, he took off his coat, in view of the whole assembly, and put on part of his ecclesiastical garments, unassisted by his only aco- lyte-a little boy in the usual costume, who stood by. He then went again to the altar, and arranged the various objects for the coming ceremonial; after which he stepped aside and completed the robing- not even going into the alcove, but standing outside, and reaching in for the different articles. He might have spared the congregation the pain of seeing his struggles to tie his strings behind him; but no; he chose to perform the whole without help and with- out disguise. When all was ready, he said the mass with perfect propriety, and with unusual manifesta- tions of feeling. But the sermon, if sermon it could be called, was absolutely comic, and much of it was intended to be so. There had been a fair recently for the redecoration of the altar; and in the first part of his discourse the gratified pastor read a list of the contributors, with comments, in something like the style following :- " ]IMrs. McDowd, 13.50 dollars; and very well done, too, considering they had nothing but cake upon their table-no, not so much as an apple. John Haggerty, a mere lad, 2.70 dollars; and indade he's only a boy, a mere lad-and a good boy he is. Mrs. O'Sullivan, 37.98 dollars; yes, and 27.42 dollars before. Ah! but that was doing well-that was wonderful, considering what she had to contend with. Mrs. O'Donahue, 7.90 dollars; and every cent. of it got by selling a ten-cent. picture. Very well done of you, Mrs. O'Donahue! Peter O'Brien, 12.00 dollars; good for you, Peter, and I thank you in my own name and in the name of the congregation. . . Total, 489.57. Nearly five hundred dollars! It's really astonishing! and how much of it, my children" (this he said with a wink and a grin that excited general laughter)--" and how much of it do you think your priest will kape for himself? Not much, I'm thinking. No, indeed. Why should I kape it ? What do I want with it? I have enough to eat, drink, and wear, and what more does a priest want ? I have no ambition for money-not I; and you know it well. You know that the whole of this money will be spent upon the
altar of God; and we shall spend it with the greatest economy. Not Brussels carpet, of course. That would cost four or five dollars a yard. Good ingrain will do well enough for us at present, and last long enough too; for can't it be turned ? You know it can. Twenty years from now, when we are all dead and gone, they'll be turning and turning and turning it, and holding it up to the light, and saying, 'I wonder who laid down this ould carpet !' In all my life, I never saw such an altar as this in a church of this size" (turning to the altar, and surveying it ,ith an indescribably funny attempt to look con- temptuous)-" so mane, so very mane ! I tell you, if I had been here when this altar was made, I d have wheeled the man out of church pretty quick." (These last words were accompanied with the appropriate gesture, expressive of taking the delinquent carpenter by the back of the neck, and propelling him thereby down the aisle.) "But what shall I say of those who have given nothing to this fair? Ah! I tell you, when the decorations are all done, and you come here to mass on Sunday mornings, and see God's house and the sanctuary where he dwells all adorned as it should be with the gifts of the faithful, and when you think that you gave not one cent. towards it, I tell you you'll blush if there's a blush in you." After proceeding in this tone for twenty minutes, during which he laughed heartily himself, and made the people laugh outright, he changed to another topic, which he handled in a style well adapted to accomplish the object intended. He said he had heard that some of. the "hotel girls" had been swearing and quarrelling a good deal that summer. " Ah," he continued, " I was sorry to hear it ! The idea of ladies swearing! How wrong, how mean, how contemptible, how nasty, how unchristian! Don't you suppose that the ladies and gentlemen at the hotel have heard how many Protestants are com- ing into the bosom of the Catholic Church ? Don't you suppose they watch you? They know you're Catholics, and don't you suppose they'll be judging of Catholics by you ? And, besides, who would marry a swearing lady ? Tell me that ! The most abandoned blackguard that walks the streets wouldn't marry a girl that he had heard swear, for he knows very well that she'd be a bad mother. If I were a young man, and heard my true love swear, do you think I'd marry her ? Hey ? do you think I would ? By no manes ! And I wish to God I had spoken about this before; for now the season is almost over, and many of the Protestant people have gone home, and very likely are talking about it now in New York and Boston. You know what they'll say. They'll say, ' If that's the way Catholic ladies behave, you don't catch me turning Catholic.' " At the conclusion of his discourse he took up the collection himself, saying, as he left each pew, " Thank you," in a strong, hearty tone of voice; and if any one took a little extra touble to reach over, or put into the box something more than the usual copper coin, he bowed, and said, " I thank you very much, madam; very much indeed." He was a strange mixture of the father and the ecclesiastic, of the good fellow and the gentleman. In Tipperary, in the Colleen Bawn, in Charles Lever, we are not surprised to find him; but who would have expected to make his acquaintance in a secluded valley of New England, and to discover that he has the largest con- gregation in the neighbourhood. J. PAIToN. RIDDLES. 1. Why is the letter P detestable ? 2. What ditty did Eve first rejoice over ? 3. In what point do a good conscience and a fit of indigestion resemble each c;t..r ?
4. What is the difference between a fowl with one wing and a fowl with two ? 5. What free bears human beings ? 6. Why is a butler like a mountain ? ANSWERS TO RIDDLES IN JANUARY NUMIBER. 1. Because it is a representative. 2. The Hivites. 3. Because they are good forage (for age). 4. I would rather the lion ate the tiger. 5. Monosyllable. 6. Because it overthrew a House of Lords. ANSWER TO CHIARADE NO. 1. Birthday. No. 2. Birdlime. ANECDOTES. CoLONEr, STMrAuRT tells us of the ITighlanders that " the ritual of decorous departure, and of behaviour to be observed by the friends of the dying on that solemn occasion, being fully established, nothing is more com- mon than to take a solemn leave of old people, as if they were going on a journey, and pretty much in the same terms. People frequently sent conditional messages to the departed. 'If you are permitted, tell my dear brother that I have merely endured the world since he left it, and that I have been very kind to every creature he used to cherish, for his sake.' " DEAN RAMSAY states that "at Hawick the people used to wear wooden clogs, which make a clanking noise on the pavement. A dying old woman had some friends by her bed-side, who said to her, ' Weel, Jenny, ye are gaun to heeven, an' gin you should see our folk ye can tell them that we're a' weel.' To which Jenny replied, Weel, gin I shuld see them I'se tell them, but you manna expect that I am to gang clank clanking through heeven looking for your folk.'" A ScoTTrrs piper was passing through a deep forest In the evening lie sat down to take his supper. He had hardly begun when a number of hungry wolves, prowl- ing about for food, collected round him. In self-defence the poor man began to throw pieces of his meal to them, which they greedily devoured. When he had disposed of all, in a lit of despair he took his pipe and began to play. The unusual sound terrified the wolves, who, one and all, took to their heels, and scampered off in every direction. On observing which, Sandy quietly remarked, "'Od, an' I'd kenned ye liket the pipes sae weel, I'd a gien ye a spring afore supper."-Dean Ramsay's Remi- niscences of Scottish Character. OF the school-boy days of the great President of the United States, Daniel Webster, the following story used to be told :-He was called out one day by the school- master to be feruled for some misconduct or other. His hands happened to be very dirty, and on his way up to the teacher's desk he spat upon the palm of his right hand, wiping it off upon the side of his pantaloons. "Give me your hand, sir." Out went the hand partly cleansed. The teacher looked at it a moment, and said, "Daniel, if you will find another hand as filthy as that, I will let you off this time." Instantly from behind his back came the left hand. " You can take your seat, sir," said the amazed pedagogue. TIE Star Chamber was named from the Hebrew word "shetar" (pronounced "sshtar "), meaning a deed or contract. The old Jewish deeds in England were written on parchment in Hebrew on one side and Latin on the other. By a statute of Richard I. these deeds or "slhetars" were collected, and mostly deposited in one of the rooms of the Exchequer, and in that chamber the celebrated court was held from which it took its name. The court was abolished by Charles I. just preceding thie great rebellion in which he was dethroned and beheaded.