AN OLD RIDDLE.
- LL children are fond of riddles; they like to try \ n r and guess the meaning. One of the oldest rid- dles in the world is found in the book of Judges, " Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness." I daresay that many of our young readers know that it was Samson who asked this riddle. He was engaged to be married, and as he went to see his
intended bride, a fierce young lion sprang upon him; but Samson was very strong, and in a moment he killed the lion without anything in his hand. On his wedding day he went to see the place where he had killed the lion, and there he saw the lion's carcase. The flesh had been mostly eaten away, but in among the bones the bees had come and made a hive of it, and had filled it with honey. Samson took some of the honey out, and gave it to his parents. So that "out of the eater," that is the lion, " came forth meat," or food, and " out of the strong came forth sweetness," or honey. It was a very difficult riddle, you see, and no one could guess it; for no one would expect to find honey inside a dead lion. Now you may wonder what this riddle has to do with you. Well, I think we may learn this from it, that what seems dangerous and hurtful to us is often turned into a blessing by God. Suppose a little boy, always fond of romping and play, who did not care for lessons or for learning anything. Well, one day he has a bad fall and breaks his leg, and is obliged to lie down for many weeks and keep very quiet. But while he is lying there he learns to read, he can't romp about, and so he begins to like his books; and he learns patience too, and all his life is more patient for his time on the sofa; so that the time of weak- ness has really done him good, and " out of the eater has come forth meat., and out of the strong has come forth sweetness." There was an old gentleman, some years ago, who. was subject to fits.
No one could do anything to cure them; but one day he was walking along by the docks and he missed his footing and fell in. It seemed a ter- rible thing; but he was got out, and from that time he never had a fit again. The sudden shock had cured him, and he lived many years after, a hale, strong old man, always thankful for his fall in the water. So that for him too, " out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness." Will you then not trust the blessed Lord Jesus ? And if you have any trouble or vexation or difficulty, try to find out the " sweetness " in it, and then you will learn many a lesson that you will be glad of all your life; for there is "food" and "sweetness" in all the troubles, small and great, if we only take them all to the Saviour, and ask Him to teach us the meaning of them.