AN ORIGINAL CHARADE. HOLIDAY AFTERNOONS.-IV. ONE Monday morning, Marian and Clara Lane
asked to speak to Miss Walker before school commenced. They had a request to prefer, and Marian was the spokeswoman. "As next Saturday will be our last half- holiday before we break up, we should very much like to get up a charade or two, if you will allow us. I have the words of a simple one which we had at a juvenile party at Westwood last Christmas, and you Imow, dear Miss Walker, that if mamma herself took a part there could be nothing wrong in it." " I am quite sure of that, dear, but charades generally require more preparation than we should have time for; especially during examination week." " Our charades are very simple affairs, what we call ' fireside charades,' and demand noth- ing but what our every day resources will supply. Then examination week being all occupied in going over old work, we really have as much spare time as when we are preparing fresh lessons, if not more. You know, Miss Walker, you do make us learn things thoroughly the first time, and, at any rate, there is not much chance of our forgetting them before the end of the term."
" I hope not," replied their teacher, smiling at Marian's arguments. " I cannot, however, discuss the plan fully now, but come to me when afternoon school is over; explain everything, and I will see what can be done." The girls went off, abundantly contented with this reply. Miss Walker's promise to see what could be done did not mean what similar words do in the mouths of many people, and especially in dealing with children- namely, that the matter would pass away from the thoughts and memory as if it had never been mentioned. They knew their teacher would consider it fairly, help them if possible, and, in any case, give them an answer without needless delay. They left their manuscript charade in her hands, wondering, how she would manage to read it and decide as to its suitability during the short time at her disposal, and with all the business of school going on, almost with- out intermission for her. Amid these various occupations Miss Walker did find time to read the charade, and we will imagine that we are looking over her shoulder whilst she is thus occupied.
Iir -~ I : ' i:~ ~·c "'SHOWING CONSIDERABLE INDEPENDENCE WITH REGARD TO TIME."