Award of Prizes. I. BEST PUZZLES. First Prize—Books. letter charade.
de. William Mailly, 106, Lilies Street, Lodge Lane, Liverpool. My first is in paper, but not in cloth. My second is in haste, but not in run. My third is in insect, but not in moth. My fourth is in laughter, but not in fun. My fifth is in three, but not in four. My sixth is in hail, but not in snow. My seventh is in yell, but not in roar.
t d r - o , r My eighth is in Ben, but not in Joe. My ninth is in you, but not in me. My tenth is in gasp, but not in breath. My eleventh is in look, but not in see. My twelfth is in hope, but not in faith. My last is in rest, but not in noise. My whole is a story for British boys. Second Prize—Silver Tenčil. logogram. Albert Dykes, Royal Crescent Hotel. Southampton. My whole, a jewel of costly worth, Beneath the sea is found. Curtail—a fruit which you will eat If it is sweet and sound. Behead—I think that I and you Possess one, perhaps I should say two. II. BEST ANECDOTES. Actually drawn from Boys' Life, and the composition of the competitor. ''··*> ■■■ ( First Prize—Books. " Clearing the Letter-Box." [Printed on page 12.] Ernest A. Clarke, Shaftesbury House, Worthing. Second Prize—Silver Pencil. " Nearly Drowned." [Printed on page 12.] Alfred Barnes, 160, King's Road, Chelsea. III. BEST EXTRACT. Interesting to Boys. First Priz e—В о о к s . "Lynch Law." [Printed on page 12.] Henry Wilson, 4, Finsbury Square, E.C. Д Second Prize—Silver Pencil. " Tho Farmer's Boy." [Printed on page 14.] Harry May, Westdene, Pendennis Road, Streatham, S.W. IV. BEST DRAWING. Any subject from these lines. " A boy, upon holiday frolic intent, Who, once on a time, to the Pantomime went, Was eo much impress'd, that the very next day He upset the house in a clownified way. He mimick'd his mother ; he roasted the cat ; He tore off the brim of his grandfather's hat; Black beetles he mixed with the family soup ; He tripp'd up his elderly nurse with his hoop; The baby he placed in the oven ; and, ah ! He calmly hot-poker'd his horrified pa !" First Prize—Books. Arthur J. Parker, 70, Friar Gate, Derby. Second Prize—Silver Pencil. Ernest Jenkins, 2, Albert Villa, Church Terrace, Routh, Cardiff. The drawings appear on page 16.