By virtue of this excoellent pplJe,.our friend F. W. PETOHELL to-day takes the lean in the RIDDLE TOURNAMIENT. OME~RAMS. No. i, One eventide, dreaming, Methought I sarvey'd A crystal cave gleaming, Through wbeb a rill stray'd ; and I, as it wander'd, c ith ips-lcal sigh, To reeiFas beyoad, heard Faint echoes reply. in acorn-cup standing (First rudd 7, or oar), With manner a nmannding, And wand which she gone, With light br'ezs flinging Her white garments wide, A fairy cbruo sigine A down the eol!r tide. " Ye a Birits that follow My footsteps in fear, from put the rill hallow Thislaetant appear]" S' e next; and I hearblen'd "Dede the cool wave, When el es throng'd and darken'd telittering cave, Thetýo n at a dewd'rop Tt lihung from the rook Did in her danoe drop, Which third 'neath the shock; The elves melt in air-I I S!old th y have flown; While fadeth the faify, And I am alone. Now, save the low rustle Of one restless wave, Wnere late rode the vessel, All silent's the cave; And in fourth, half-cover'4, The acorn-cup lies, O'er which the elves ho'er'd In fantastio guise. F. W. PETCHELi. No. 2. This is a measptrement of land Change tail, dear rliends, a bird's at hand; The final letter change again, Part of a houst obsorve quite plain; The tall please no . to change dnup r~ore (Much longer, friends, I will not bore), And qutckly then you will espy A chamber, or apartment nigh; Of the last letter now, if you Will place another ,no ill lien, A certain part of every plant Will meet your eyes, you'll surely grant; Good-bye, deer friends, bo h young and old, For now m, puzzle has been told; But if n6 care my cons.to road, I'll write another abon, indeed. LOTT'r W., Brighton, DOUBLE AOROBTIO. No. 8 Oross IPords. My irst is of the eol,"n' kind I Curtail, a metal you will find; My second is to purify ; Behead, an instrument espy; My th rd will name a kind of.tree; Curtail, a female n me 'twill be; Flush'd with uebCess fourth is display'd; Behead, what'a left has been delay'd; My fifth, to grapple with the hand; Change thil, it grows upon the land; In sixth a fish you'll surely ee ; Change head,: nother aish 'twill be; A kind of bustle next implies; Change tail, a girl's namle wi 1 arise; For eighth, an ,i tiole you use; But when rever-ed 'tis to abuse; You see last every day, I trow; Behead, a river then 'twill show. Foundation" oFrtas. The primals and the flnall name Two instruments to you Which stand high on the roll of fame; Their names now bring to view, J. MYits, Daltoniint-Fuiess. ENIGMA. No. 4. Come, all ye riddling knights of fame, Attention givB; I pray, And try if you'cnn solve my name; So bring your wits to play. I am posses ed by every man, No matter what degree; For rich a d poor, and beggars, too, Are all possessed of me. The parsons and the lawyers 'cute In me ire all wll trained' I'm sure voqm nlut igree w tn me Tiit's hoW 'tbliltlflng's gained. I'm honest, and I'm false, 'tie true; Ydiidoes it not seeem:btrange, Though different plans I bring to view, I'm never known to change? Andy'et 'tis throueh me nations am Engaged in deaeLy strife; . Noris it yet surprising that Yon carry me through life,: The:doctors, too, inquire by me As to the state of. health; And rich, before they'd part with me, Wonl4 part with-all their wealth. ' Mas. .2 s.' WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. : OH-ARADE. No. 5. .M;y first's what every island has, Ad m'hanya country, too; My eeond Is a cnuttlel, Sovigilaut and trtUe, .:i My whole is placed along-my firt, Always to be mys.aecOnd t .-, My whole as well.both vigilanta. And braverby all-ls rdokobane .W. L. N.
each sentenee spoken )y total is broken; ut by transposition t gives you permission. F. W. PTOEnnLL UNTIA.L DELETIONL No. 7. If its meaning you would learn, What's familiar you'll discern; Take centre out, and then it shows A tree which in the forest grows. J. G. LusDEsN. No. & From celerity of motion The centre now delete, A passion which is far from love Your vialon's sure to meet. J. MYEns, Dalton-in-Furnes 19 L 0. KaNT, Nottingham.
HARAbDES. No. 10. My first is always more than one- A lump, or many, close combined; My second is a plot of ground, The joy of many an English hind. My whole is seen in times of war, In revolution's bloody frays, And -adly history records Some scenes thereof in bygone days. VELION. No. 1. When shines the sun, and bright's the morn, And all around is gay, Th n merry maidens sally forth To gather first and play. With azure clouds and zephyrs soft, The day is bright and fair, Whilst nestling in the woods is found My second, sweet and rare. When gentle Spring returns again To cheer the barren fields, Then fairest in her train is seen My whole, which sweetness yields. APPLE BLOSSOM. REBUS. No. 12. W. STEPHENS, Birmingham. DECAPITA TIONS. No 13. What means to twist round, Fully three times behead, And a good liquor then You will have in its stead. TOR. No. 14. My whole is used by girls and boys When to the school they go; Cut off my head, and then appears A word that means too slow. Again behead, and there is seen What we did yesterday. I ween; And now transpose, and bring to view A beverage well-known to you. B. E. D., Exmouth. CURTAILMENT. No. 15. Put down for whole that fiery soul Which people call a comet, And for a start, sunder apart 'I he flaming tall-piece from it; This doth produce what joiners use, A tool of which you've heard; Ourtail again, my doggerel strain Ends with a scheming word. F. W. PETOHELL.
BEVRBIOU, No. 16. A title my first will appear; But if you will just turn it round, You'll find what we're all apt to do When for dosing inclined we are found. DOLLY, Deptford. CURTAILMENT. No. 17 A kind of flower if you curtail, The means of fastening you'll have without fail. J. F. W., Dundrum. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 18. A direction, or ticket, Curtailed and transposed, A kind of parcel Will be disclosed. QUmnE MORGAN LA FAY. No. 19. A kind of leap in first is seen; Behead, and then transpose, What's seen in schools by all of yon It will at once disclose. SILYVESTAR. METAGRA L No, 20. My whole I hope to win some day | Change head, a woman 'twill display Change head, and in this boys delight; Again, and then 'twill bring to sight What none of us should like to be; Again, and then you'll quickly see What every one of us has got, Though some are single, some a lot; Change head once more, and then you'll find What every beast is that's confined. W. A. WILLIAS, Nealh. DECAPITATION. No. 21. Part of a bird Is seen in this; But, if you please, behead, You'll have, I know, Without a miss, A little weight instead. O. R. GORRINGE. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 22. If centrals you arrange aright, A Scottish town will come to light. My first is always seen in doubt, In tub 'tis also found; And next, to catch poor harmless b!rds, Is spread upon the ground. In third, my friend, you will behold A certain kind of tree; A famous English wat'ring-place In fourth you're sure to see. My next will show a Scottish town, One in the south, I ween : On ponds and lakes, in winter time, My sixth is sometimes seen. A letter always found in take In next you will espy; And here my puzz.e ends, good friends; I'll wish you all good-bye, E. BAXTER. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &0., OF LAST WEEK, 1.-Twilight. 11.-Rome, Homer. 2.-Lottie W, Sophie W. 12.-" Hasten not to captive Thus : LouiS, OttO, TurniP, be." T utH. Isle of TahitI, ElbE, 13.-Holly, holy. WarsaW. 14 -Cabin, Cain. 3.- A C R E 15.-An attitude of defence. O 0 A T 16.-Annie Stanton. Thus : R A I N Annie, Nightingale, Next, E T N A Ice, Error, Severn, Thames, 4.-Skewer, ewer, ewe. Austria, Ninth, Telephone, 5.-Merle, leer, reel, eel, le. Opal, Noble. 6.-Bristol. 17.-Yew, Wey. 7.-House, Ouse. use. 18.-Naples, Moscow, Athens, 8.-Share, hare, are, re, e, Odessa, Berne. 9.-Humane, human. 19.-Altercation, alteration. 10.-Leaf, Lea. 20.--Goth-land.