C-" HOAIAD S. 'ACR?- HOL]I)AYS."
A slight orthographical liberty being taken with the first two syllables in the opening part, which represents " Holly." CHIARACTERS. MAMMA (Mrs. Keith). FouR CIHILDREN (Annie, Tom, Hilda, and Harry). AUNT ALICE. THE PARLOUR MAID (Mary). Party of carol singers, or wails, not less than four in number, but as many more as you like. SCENE I. A lady is sitting in a drawing-room with young children about her. On the floor is a lar e open basket, or tray, containing sprigs of holly, which the children break into suit- able pieces and hand to the mamma. She twists them znto a wreath and binds then together with fine wire. TIME-December 2I, Evening. (I1'ingest child, TOMa, yawns, drops his hands on his lap with a weary look, and says)- I think it must be nearly time for bed. Was it this morning that the gardener said "We've reached the shortest day" ? He must be wrong. I'm sure I never knew one half so long. MIamma, mamma, when will these wreaths be done ? At first this garland work was famous fair; But all the funny part is long since past, And each tough stem seems tougher than the last. I tried a knife, when, ah, unlucky elf! I mean to cut a twig, but cut myself. Ivy and laurel wreaths were well enough; But, oh, this holly is such prickly stuff ! Look at my fingers. (Holds them up.) SECOND CHILD (Harry).-Yes, and look at mine. (Holds up his hadtis.) THIRD CHILD (Annie, the eldest of the four).-And poor mamma has had them to all twine. We've only cut the sprays for her to use. A trifling task, and yet you would excuse Yourselves from further labour. Fie, for shame ! MAMaMA.-Hush, Annie, dear, you really must not blame These tiny workers; they have done their part, And done it well ; though little fingers smart With many a thorn, and each dear weary head Longs for old nurse's summons, "Come to bed." Fot~RTH CHILD (Hilda).-Annie, it was not binddto.say " For Shame." I'm stiie papa quite wondered when he came And:.saw how much we'd done. I know he said , Puttttiig hisi hand upon Tom's curly head, And cuddling me quite close upon his knee-- "These' willing hands make labour light. I see ': You've chaniged my study to a fairy bower; And these small folks have helped with all 'their power." He kidsed us then with such a merry smile, And asked how mniuch we'd done ? Tom. said, " A niile." ' (AT, :ALICE .enters in 'out-door costumne, shakes ha&ids,w'ith' all,. and kisses the children; then, at MAhMMA's request, takes off her jacket and sits down with. little Tom upon her knee.) AUNT=:ALICE.--I had to pass the gate, so thought I'd come And as.k when all the rest are to be home. Have you had news ? MAxMA.-Yes letters came t-Qday
From Winifred and Mabel, just to say That on the twenty-third they will be here, And Winnyadds, "MIamma, we've such a dear Sweet darling schoolfellow, the best of girls; She is so good. And shie has lovely curls ! Her parents are abroad; too far away For her to join them ; and she was to stay The holidays with friends who love her Well, When, all at once, a letter came to tell Of sickness in their home. She cannot go: And what to plan our teacher does not know. Do ask if she may come to us instead; Now don't say No. She may have half my bed. I've heard you say our house was full before, Still there was always room for just one more. Write by return. You really must say Yes. And I'll the postage pay with many a kiss; I cannot write one-half that's in my head, So close, with love to all, from WINIFRED." AUNT ALICE.--So like that loving child. What shall you do ? MrAMMA.-WVrite her the "yes" she asks for; one or two The more amidst our merry, noisy clan Will only make us happier. (Turns to TOM, and shows him the wrcath. completed.) Little man, Our task is done; this wreath is quite the last. Now I must write, or post time will be past. (MAMMIA lays finished wreath on the basket, and sits down to answer TWINIFRED'S letter, in which she encloses a second note; then, having closed the envelope, she hands it to HARRY, saying)- Tell John to post this letter, and not wait A moment, or I fear it may be late. (Child goes out of the room with. the letter.) AUNT ALICE.-My own dear boys have sent a line to me Saying they-bring a comrade, who will be Like sunshine in the house ; no time to tell More than this much, " You're sure to like him well." MAMMA.-Guests add a little to our house- hold cares; But love makes light of this, and, unawares, We may have angel guests in earthly guise. In any case, it surely must be wise To help our children when they wish to share Their joys with others and to lighten care. (At this moment singing is heard. MAMMA, AUNT ALICE, and the children, including HI-ARRY, who is come back after taking the letter, go to the window and look out, but cannot see the singers.) lMAMMA.-They must be in the hall; I'll ring the bell. (Does so, and MARY, the parlour maid, appears.) Who aire those singers, Mary; can you tell? MARY. - They are the waits, and will be glad-to know If you will hear them sing before they go. ( Voices come nearer, and words can be dis- tinguished by the listeners in the drawing- room.). CHoRus.-Heigho, sing heigho unto the green holly; Most friendship is feigning, most loving mere folly: Then heigho ! the holly, the holly ! This life is most jolly, most jolly, This life-is most jolly , (EnsterWAITs, in thick coats and shawls and woollen comforters, the males hats in hand. They bow adwekwardly, and ask leave toi:sing. * This is a part of the chorus to a beautiful glee, called " Blow, Blow, Thou Winter Wind," published, at a very trifling price, by Novello & Co., and forming a number of their Standard Glee Books.
On receiving ernmuision thej' sing the glee all through, and then the leader says, after the children have clapped and applauded the singing)- Please, ma'am, we'd like to sing a carol too. MAaIMMA.-A carol! Ndo, indeed, that will. not do. It is too soon. But come on Christmas Eve Again, and I will gladly give you leave. (She gives money to the leader, and the singers go out, led by the parlour-maid, saying all together as they make their bows and curtseys)- Good night! Good night! Good luck to all, Right soon we'll make another call. (AUNT ALICE resumes her out-door dress, saying)- Now I must go. MAAMMA.-And these must all to bed, Or I shall hear of many an aching head. (They all go out, the, little ones led by M-AMMA and AUNT ALICE, the elder children following.) END OF FIRST SCENE. SCENE II. CHARACTERS. GOVERNESS and SCHOOL GIRLS (named WVINIFRED, MAGGIE, E-MMA, NELLIE, LOUIE, &c.) W&VORD--".Days." TIME--December 22nd, II a.m. A SCHOOLROOM. (A number of girls sitting at desks or tables, and occupied in various ways, with books, slates, maps, &'c., scattered up dnd down. One girl takes a pen, opens a small' memorandum book and carefully crosses out something, then closes the book with an air of great satisfaction, and puts it in her pocket). MIAGGIE.-WV l ;are.y:pu doing, Winny? WINIFRED.-Ththtthel last , But one. The tedious days are nearly past; Just a few hours of woh;k, and then, away To weeks and weeksof hbome and joy and play. No tiresome bell to ring, us in to school, No crosses, or bad matks for breach of rule, Nor anythlngidto'dothci t is not .ice. MAGGfE.-W hatk'wereyo marling ? WINIFR n: (' akzng book outof her pocket I'll tell you all'abdtait;' ý'Tisa way I have of marking,.fd each :ipesome day That comes be wee i miria; and home, and m e. ,,, ". ,< I started it six -weelsagoi' You see I drew six anrodi,',faigJ kes 'ihn each was seven ' ,, ,"571s k?; ; : .',, And every mo' we tstrglck keleven I crossed: one off. ei:No l heis.only one; By twelve'lb-morrow web all 11l be gone. M dd-G I.Nota'A11" A ! .not all. I shall The hour ivliclhrBi'r joyu leaves mne bere.ft ' i" Of all my playfellows:'`' (Pitts her hand :befo pleYr face and appean's to be weeping.):- ' NELLII..- M ag gedear, I am so'sorry we must Ieviieyou, here ; It grievdsnme, too, to thiiii that you will be Alone and sad, in this dull:hhouse, while we Are scattered north] :aidibouth, and east, and-i~ st,.; To pass ourihE W;ih those we love the best. I'd'like t6 take you with me, but we spend The next ten days with father's oldest friend. But dry your tears, my darling: (Draws MAGGIE'S head lovingly m0 her shoulder, wipes her eyes and kisses her, then
lurns sharply roiunld to a litfle girl who approaches, slate in hand, and with a beseech- i,)r look at NELLIE.) Little Dunce, What do you want ? LoulE.-Please, just this once To help mewith my sum; it won't come right, Although I did it seven times last night ; And it was always wrong. WINIFRED.-And likely, too, It should be wrong. The stupid things you do, You careless child, would almost drive me mad. I tell you, Louie, I am very glad I'm not your teacher. See, now; there are seven, Six, five, two, three! You say they make eleven! And, out of seven, three, six, and just one more, You nicely calculate an even score ! AMAGGIE.-She's such a little thing-at six years old We don't know much of figures ; do not scold A weeping child. Come hither, little mite, And do your sum with me; 'twill soon be right. (Takes the slate from LOUIE and makes little groups of strokes upon it, corresponding with the numnbers the child has to add, then says to her)- Count all these strokes and see what they will make. Put down the six. The one we onward take To the next line, and add it with the rest: They make eighteen. All's done. LoIE.--You are the best Of friends to little girls who want to play; 1 do so hate to be kept in all day. (LOUIE runs of so) fully, and as she does so the schoolroom door opens and the Governess enters with a number of letters in her hand. GOVERNESS distributing the letters as she speaks)- Annie, there's one for you. For WVinny three. MAGGIE (aside).-I'm very sure there will be none for me. GovERNIEss.-Louie's mamma a message sends in mine To say her train will start at five to nine, And that, two stations on, she will be met By Uncle Tom. Nellie must not forget To take her waterproof, for fear of rain, As brother James will bring the car again. The brougham is engaged for grandmamma, But Nellie will not mind, it is not far, And wraps and rugs in plenty will be sent. NELLIE.-I like the open car, and am content With anything that bears me quicldy on. MAGGIE.-I knew there was no letter. WVINIFRED.-.Here is one Enclosed in mine' for you. Why do you stare ? As though it could not be. Come, take your share Of postal spoils, and, if you care for me, Pray read it quickly, Mistress Marjorie." (MAGGIE takes the letter held out by WINI- FRED, opens it, and reads as follows)- "' y dear Girl, " I have heard from one of my children that something has occurred to prevent your spending the vacation with the friends who hoped to welcome you. It will give my young people and myself great pleasure if your goverr.ess, who, I understand, arranges every- fling for you in the absence of your parents, will allow you to pass the next few weeks with us. She has known us so long that I do not think she will say ' no,' and I trust, ahy dear girl, you will accept this invitation in the loving spirit in which it is given. I shall be delighted to count you as one
amongst my rather large flock of youngsters, and for the time, and in order to make our house more like home, you must look upon me as your own, dear mamma's deputy. Ask any- thing of me that you would ask of her; gohiE to me when you please, and try` to tbhirnk of me as representing, to the best, of my power, that dear mother who is longing to have you with her again. " Hoping to see you arrive with my daughter "Winny, and with love and kindest wishes; "Believe me, yours affectionately, " ELEANOR KEITH." MAGGIE (with a look of bewilderment).- Winny, you've played a trick. It can't be true, Your mother asks me to go home with you ! She has not even seen my face. WINIFRED.-As though That mattered, Maggie darling. You must go. I spoke beforehand to our teacher. She Is quite agreeable, and certainly We shall take no denial. Not a word Of doubt or protest, it will not be heard. (WINNY puts her fingers to her ears, as if determined not to listen to a word from MAGGIE, and the teacher, laying her hand affectionately on MAGGIE'S shoulder, says)- 1 can rejoice with you, my child; no fear That I shall say you nay, or keep you here. Go and be happy with these friends, and when The days of rest are past, come back again, WVith roses on your checks, once more to find A welcome here. MAGGIE.-You always are so kind. (Another girl comes to the gozerness and sai's)-- Please may we put our work and books away ? We really cannot think of them to-day. GOVERNESS.-NO wonder, dear; I know your thoughts will roam, However you may strive, to friends at home. Clear all away, and when this task is done Put on your garden hats and take a run For half an hour; then come and do your part- To make all ready for to-morrow's start. (All the girls jumn up, and, with thanks to the governess and exclamations of delight, rapidly clear away all school articles, and then run out, followed more quietly by the governess, who has been watchmg them with an amused face.) END OF SECOND SCENE. SCENE III. COMPLETE WORD-" Holidays." TIME - Evening, December 23rd. CHARACTERS. MAMMA, PAPA, ANNIE, HILDA, TOM, HARRY, AUNT ALICE, UNCLE JAMES (her husband), FRED and JACK, their two boys, and their school friend, CHARLIE FREEMAN, WINIFRED and MAGGIE, and MABEL, an elder sister of WINNY'S. (The drawing-room as in scene frst. MAMMA, AUNT ALICE, and the four children are to- tether. Nobody seems able to settle to any employment. First one and then another goes to the window, dralws aside the curtains, and looks out, or appears to be listening for some- thing. Mlamma rises from her seat, goes to the fire, and stirs it vigorously. ANNIE.-Mamma, you surely mean to roast us quite ! See what a blaze ! I do not think the night Is very cold. MAMMA.-My child, you do not know How. cuttingly this fierce, north wind can blow, Clothed, fed, and sheltered, all your happy past Has been so bright. You never felt the blast
Piercing your half-clad limbs, or hunger knew, Or suffering, from which love could shelter you. AUNT ALICE.-True, but we have no starv- ing people here. I wish with all my heart that we could cheer Each homeless wanderer with such a sight As waits our children when they come to night. They will be glad enough to gather round This fireside. Hark ! was not that a sound Of coming wheels ? It surely, must be time. MAMMA.-I hear no sound except the merry chime Of evening bells, ringing, so 'soft and sweet Through the clear air. AUNT ALICE.-I'd rather hear the feet Of trampling horses and the shout of boys. To me:sweet music now were only noise And hateful discord. All my listening ear Is for my children. Would that they were here! (Looks at her watch, then puts it to her ear to listen if it is going; then conzpares it with M.AMMA'S watch). MAMMA (holding out hers).-See, sister,they are both alike. 'Tis only we Whose thoughts are in advance of Time, and he Goes hobbling on with the same lagging feet Now as of old, when joy we fain would meet. But, 0 the change ! No sooner do we grasp The happiness we longed for, than our clasp We tighten round it, and would gladly tie The feet of Father Time, lest he rush by Too rapidly; and, all unpitying, tear From loving hearts what most we. cherish there. (The children are now all standing at the windows and peeping behind the cur'tains, hoping to catch the first glimpse of the ex pected travellers). Enter PAPA and UNCLE JAMES. MAMMA.-What ! Are you here? We really thought you went To meet the children. PAPA.-We must be content to wait with you. AUNT ALICE.-I think the train is late. ToM (shouts, while all the others clap their hands)- I see a carriage. It is past the gate. HARRY.-And there's another, both are coming round. ANNIE.-I see the girls. HARRY.-And don't you hear the sound Of boys hurrahing ? Yes they come, they come. UNCLE JAMES.-And lads approaching home are never dumb. The door is open; now the frosty air Steals in. AUNT ALICE.-And now their feet are on the stair. (WINIFRED, MAGGIE, an elder girl, FRED, JACK, and CHARLIE FREEMAN all come clattering in, and there is a general shakine of hands and embracing between parents and children. All the travellers are in out-door costume and warmly wrapped. MAGGIE is led forward by WINNIE and introduced to MAMMA, who kisses her affectionately.) WINIFRED.-Here is the child you wrote for. MAMMA.-Maggie, dear, I'm very glad indeed to see you here. I trust, my child, we shall find many ways To make you happy throxgh the holidays. I cannot show you all my flock to-night : It is not often they are all in sight. PAPA (shaking hands with MAGGIE).-Our Children by instalments you must see; They sometimes very nearly frighten me- There's such a tribe of little Keiths. Ah well ! They're dearer to our hearts than lips can tell.
Some are upstairs, the smallest are in bed, (Points to the elder youths, who have just arrived, and have been specially welcomed by AUNT ALICE and UNCLE JAMES) These are Aunt Alice's, both Jack and Fred. UNCLE JAMES (introducing CHARLIE FREE- MAN) And this our visitor, who comes, like you, To make another home the happier too. (MAGGIE starts, then darts forward towards CHARLIE FREEMAN.) MAGGIE.-My cousin Charlie, if I may believe My eyes i but think they surely must deceive. CHARLIE.-There's no mistake at all; just then I was Wondering what brought you here, my little coz. UNCLE JAMES.-This is a glad surprise; but you, our guest, Must with these boys go to our proper nest. AUNT ALIcE.-Yet, happily, though you must part to-night,
'Twill be to meet again with morning light. (All the boys and girls here begin to sing the following verses, making a great deal of noise, and showing considerable independence with regard to. tune, their princzpal object being to make the performance as vigorous as possible. The elder people laugh, and pretend to stop their ears. As the song draws to a close, MAMMA leads out the two little ones, while ANNIE, HILDA, WINNIE, MAGGIE, and the elder sister follow. Papa accompanies AUNT ALICE and UNCLE JAMES with thethree boys to the door. The last four lines should be sung as they are going out of the room, and the sound should at last die away in the distance.) HOLIDAY SONG. Hurrah ! Hurrah for the holidays ! Shan't we be having some fun ? Won't we be having some jolly days Now the vacation's begun ?
We'll turn the house out of the windows, And turn it in back at the doors; We'll empty the dairy and larder, And eat up the chickens by scores. Hurrah I Hurrah for the holidays ! Which bring us such pleasure and fun; We hope to have nothing but jolly days Now the vacation's begun. No doubt we shall wear out the carpets, With clattering upstairs and down; Some parents might grumble, but " Mother" Won't give us the ghost of a frown. Hurrah ! Hurrah for the holidays ! This is the first of our fun; This is the best of all jolly days, For the vacation's begun. END OF CHARADE.