CHARADES.
M- 'rst is useful to mankind, To rich as well as poor; My next throughout the land is found, On hill, on plain, on moor;
Mly third conveys the mariner, Over the briny sea; My whole you'll find in a circus, If you go in to see. PREDEuIC. II. My first can never be low; My second is the road; A biped creature is my third, Who builds his own abode; My whole is dangerous to meet, Especially in a lonely street. FREDERIC. III. I am almost everywhere, I may say, And I'm sure that you notice me every day; I come and assail you at every spot, And stick to you whether you let me or not; As you walk up the street, whate'er be your pace, I'm sometimes at your back, sometimes at your face; Whenever you see me you put me away, But I'm back there again the very next day. And yet let me tell you, though strange it may seem, That without I had helped, you ne'er would have been, And although now to love me would have been most meet,, You hate me, and trample me under your feet. But still, although thus of your love I'm bereft, There is one cheering hope that I still have got left; And though you now think me and call me impure, Some day you'll be mine-of that I'm quite sure. You may strike me, and yet you cannot annoy me, And, more " striking still," you cannot destroy rme. Now I think that your wits must be greatly to blame, If by this time you have not discovered my name. To.n pEFE. IV. Come, let's look at it closely, T'is a very ugly word, And one that makes you shudder, Whenever it is heard;
It may n't be always wicked; It must be always bad; And it speaks of sin and suffering, Enough to make one mad. They say it is a compound word, And that is very true; And then they decompose it, Which of course they're free to do. If of the dozen letters, We take off the first three, We have the nine remaining, As sad as they can be; For though it seems to make it less, In fact it makes it more; For it takes the brute creation in, Which was left out before. Let's try if we can't mend it, 'Tis possible we may, If only we divide it, In some new fashioned way : Instead of three and nine, Let's make it four and eight; You'll say it makes no difference, At least not very great. But only see the consequence, That's all that need be done, To change this mass of sadness To unmitigated fun. It clears off swords and pistols, Revolvers, bowie-knives; And all the horrid weapons, By which men lose their lives. It wakens better feelings, And how joyfully is heard Its native sound of gladness, Compressed into one word. Yes, four and eight, my friends, Let that be yours and mine, Tho' all the host of demons Rejoice in three and nine. LOUD 3IICILAYr.
As an emblem of sweetness my first is esteem'd; At the toilet my next of great service is deem'd; When united, so well put together am I, That no builder on earth can my fabric outvie. P. BAnnI~. vI. Two syllables the word contains, Its letters are but seven; It is applied to isles and men-- The noblest under heaven ! But if its letter third be changed To a instead of i, Lo! then becomes degraded vile, What once was pure and high. RON.LD STUART. vII. On a bright summer's afternoon, In the merry month of June, I took my rod, line, and hook, To catch a few fish in the brook. In going through a field I espied My first, to get away from it I tried; But did my second, and down I came, And fell on my whole, what was its name. T. A. Moss.