CHARADES, REBUSES, &c.
CHARADES. I. 01I! such a dream as I have had, It's really made me old. I was burning in a flame of ore, And rain'd upon by gold. Myv first, a small and cunning thing, 'Went hopping in and out; A pinching at my nose and ears, And jumping all about. I scream'd my second quite aloud,- Such pain these pinches gave; And then my third appear'd to me, Arisen from the grave. She stood, and coldly prophesied That such should be my doom, When I should be a dead man's corpse, And my son reign in my room. "Oh! king, thy love for gold is vile, And tortured thou shalt be If thou dost not return the gold, And repair thy cruelty." My first, he went on pinching me; My third, she proplhesied ; While legs and arms were burning fast, And scorch'd was my poor side. Ohl! the horrors of that nightmare, 'Tis my whole to e'er describe. A better king from hence I'll bho, And justly rule my tribe. II. M" first in secret places lurk; My second broods no good; My whole would make you stiff and stark If taken in your food. I'm the farmer's foe--the farmer's friend Mly whole of my first soon makes an end. III. MvY whole is in my first, and is called my second.
IV. No persons have ever seen me, Although by me they live; Invisible, I'm made for men, Them breath and life to give. But I am far, far above them, I soar up towards the sky; I encompass all persons- Never leave them till they die. They can keep no secrets from me e: I search the miser's chest; And I'm witness of the actions Of the worst and of the best. In the awful, secret murders, Done by no man knows who, I was present when the deed was done, And knew what no man knew. Baut, alas ! I can't denounce thcm- Those wicked, bloody men: For I have no tongue to tell tales, Nor hand to hold a pen. I often save a poor man's life, Whcn others will him kill I turn aside the deadly ball Which would his life-blood spill. And listen now, you murderers, If you will any slay; I swear that through ime only Your knife shall find its way. You may cut and shoot at me then, But you'll do vme no harm; I'm not of stuff that man can hurt; I'm safe from mortal arm. I go wherc'er I choose and like- But no; I tella lie! I go where I will until the sea Shall further way deny; The sea alone can conquer me- She, and her tribute, water; Alas ! alas ! there my power ends To go to every quarter. V. AN article my first is reckon'd, And in a field you'll find my second; Also on an old man's toe, (Don't tread on it, he'll cry Oh !) My whole does, as you will see, Grow upon an oaken tree.
vI. SI winter time my first is seen, When the weather is very cold; And is form'd into my second By children young and old. If my whole you wish to find, My first and second should be com- bined; And then by looking you will see A winter favourite in me. VII. M' whole is used to release my first, which belongs to my second. vIII. MY first is a bird; My second is a fish; And my whole is a beetle. IX. My first is an animal; My second is an animal; And my whole is an animal. x. 3nou my first many dresses are made My second inhabits the mould; And my whole is a valuable insect. RIDDLES. 1. WHZEN does a soldier object to being promoted ? 2: What kind of artizan has warlike tastes ? 3. When is a horse a ship-builder ? 4. Why has a changeable man got his opinions well under control ? DECAPITATION. Now if my whole you will but take, Some violent efforts I shall make To keep my head.-But no, 'tis wrong ; Nay, cut it off, I bear along A mighty weight-beheaded, give That which without me none could live. I lose my head once more, confess That which in Scotland all possess. Behead again, 'twill not be theft, A preposition then is left. I lose my head once more, then rest- No; then you'll find me in a nest.
GEOGRAPHICAL RJEBUSES. I. A rhovTicE of Austria. A mining town of Bolivia. A canton of Switzerland. A town in Kent. An island in the Aigeau sea. The initials of the preceding names make the name of a town in France; the finals the river on which it stands. II. TnE initials read downwards will give the name of an important country of Europe; and the finals, read upwards, its highest mountain. Town in Ireland, county Fermanagh. Town in Greece. Town in England, county Surrey. Town in Hindostan. Town in Finland. Town in Scotland, county Nairn. Town in Syria. III. MY first is a fish; my second is what debtors do; my third is what the sun is; my fourth is a tide; my fifth is a river; my sixth is to long for; my seventh is a secret store; my eighth belongs to a pack of cards; my ninth is a collection of houses; nmy tenth is a burning appli- cation; and my eleventh is grey headed: my initials read downwards give the name of a place in the north of Middle- sex; and the finals, read in a like man- ner, relate to despair. REBUSES. I. 1. A RIVEn of England. 2. A mistake. 3. A grain. 4. A favourite watering-place. 5. A pleasure-boat. The finals, read downwards, give a river of England; and the initials a county through which it flows. II. 1. AN animal. 2. A weight. 3. A Russian seaport. 4. What we all should be. The initials, read downwards, give what most boys like to have; and the finals what they like to do with it
III. Mx first you'll find is opposite to any- thing that's dry; My next a mental image, which you say you've in your eye; Now, if my third you were to take you'd quickly fall asleep, And lose my next, a pretty stone i so wide-awake pray keep; My fifth occurred at Sheffield, so no10 what could it be ? The capital of a German state you next will plainly see; And after that a man between a white one and ablack; And then tobacco powdered, which you really must not lack ; A covering for the head you next will please to find; And then an interjection expressing dread of mind; A robber and a scoundrel you next will bring to view; The plural of a precious stone, the colour of which is blue ; Now look for a word which signifies a track, road, or way; And then a monarch of dignity who rules with potent sway; An esculent grain i'm certain my next will prove to be; And my last is a word denoting "to confine," as you will see. The for.going words' initials if down- wards read will show A man whose memory we all revere, though long he has lied low. The finals now you'll kindly read, and I'm certain they'll name One of the works that's written by this favourite of fame. Iv. A ALhN who's banish'd from his home, Doom'd in a foreign land to roam ; An adverb which means word for word; A large and strong, sharp-sighted bird., A West-Indian fox you next will find, And then a word which means to bind. A lighthouse now you'll plainly see, And next a far-famed British tree. A root which in America does abound, And also in the South-Sea Islands found. A coin of our realm will next appear, And then a grain that's used in beer. The chief of a nunnery now '11 be plain, And then a place that's used for grain. A lawyer next will quick be seen, And then a clown of sprightly micu; A plant that grows on cottage walls A goddess of woods and waterfalls.
A species of rose you'll lastly find ; Having done that, bear this in mind:- The foregoing words' initials place In the order they should stand, And you'll have a periodical That's often in your hand. V. MY first is a part of the theatre in which musicians play; My second you are, if generous, I cer- tainly should say. A neutral reciprocal pronoun my third you'll find to be, And quickly you'll behold my next as a traveller on the sea. The close of day, and a woman's name, will now to you appear. An instrument of correction which boys are wont to fear. An adjective will next be seen, express- ing falling down; And then a city that once was great, and is still of high renown. Now search for a word that's looked upon as a prognostication; And, after that, for one which means a curse or execration. A plant which in the water grows you now will quick find out; And then an ocular evidence of which you'll have no doubt. Now, please on Europe's map to look, and find a province of Spam; And, lastly, a city for wealth renowned, on land and on the main. The initials of the words above I'm sure will bring to view, A usurper and a regicide, whose name's well known to you. The finals now be pleased to take, and if by chance you know it, They'll give the name of a much-admired and valued living poet. ACROSTIC. A line from Shakespeare's ".Merekant of Venice." TIIE following couplets each describe a word; when found, the initials, read downwards, and finals upwards, give the answer. I. I am a metal, glittering to the sight, And oft, to young and old, do cause delight. II. In lands of superstition I am with honours crown'd; Regarded both with awe and reverence profound.
III. A weapon mostly used by Indian bands ; Silent, yet deadly, when in their skilful hands. Iv. Without me once, no cottage complete could ever be- Machinery now usurps the work that then was done by me. V. Amid the gory battlefield I'm seen in colours bright; And oft through me has ensued many a furious fight. vI. An Indian city; to find me if you strive, You'llsee that I am spelt with letters five. VII. I'm seen on rustic dwellings; and, in summer time, Shrouded with gay flowers that around me climb.
VIII. I am a poisonous drug, in medicineuc sometimes used; Though in the east my properties are often much abused. Ix. If ever on your wanderings you chanece to cross the sea, Most surely you will never fail to daily meet with me. X. In foreign lands you'll find me, a plant of wondrous height; And many things are made from me, both durable and light. XI. A member of the feather'd race; when in England I appear, 'Tis thought a never-failing sign that summer time is near. XII. A uniform of disguise, in masquerades I'm seen; My name you cannot have forgot if there you've ever been.