CrIARADES.-NNo. 1.
With servant in your house my.first is seen, Prompt slave alike of subject or of queen; To please the eye of taste or dust remove, My presence surely you will all approve. Without my second England's sons would pine, For by its aid in manly sports they shine; The "stock in trade " of every labouring man, And known to all e'er since the world began. My wholo you'll find to be a Christian name, Aflixed to one who is of Scripture fame; A poet of our isle, a justice keen, Distinguished by this ancient name have been.--J. W. No. 2. To accomplish my first is Dame Mischief's delight, Be her tool your French cook or physician; E'en your spaniel she'll use on a dark, stormy night, When bent on her favourite mission. Where the bold, beetling rocks ocean's white surf resist, On Cornwall's wild, desolate coast, My second is searched for with muscular wrist, And, when bright, of your kitchen's the boast. As guest of sweet summer in England's loved clime, My whole we each year entertain; If in ornithological lore you should shine, You will the small biped now name.-J. W. CHARADES FOR FRENCH READERS. I.-I am a word of six letters. Reduce me to five, and I offer clothing to a Catholic penitent. Again reduce me, and I am a town in France, also a necessity to the reaper. But if you reduce me again I shall become full of anger. Neverthe- less, consent to take off another letter, and I can sing the gamut entire, though if you take off my last you deprive me of hope, which if I were in England would make me very bitter. My whole is that which an ancient prophet is recorded to have first set up. 2.-Five vowels and one consonant compose my name in French. Some of my relations in times past have contributed
by their sacrifices to cnlighten the world. It has been said that some of my family dwelt in Paradise, and like the cheru- bim had no feet. This is untrue; all of my tribe dwell on earth, and are not without the usual means of locomotion. 3.-With my head I ought to be very amiable, as I have been called the finest work of the Creator. Take off my head I lose my reason, and can finish my course only in eternity. 4.-Entire I am a chimera; behead me and I become a mother. RIDDLEs. 1.--What animals will mustard produce ? 2.-Why is Mr. Cobb's brewhouse at Margate like a well- filled Jewish synagogue? 3.-Why is a man looking at St. Paul's Cathedral like a beehive ? 4.-Is there much resemblance between a pair of skates and an apple ? ANSWERS TO ENGLISH CHARADES. 1.-Mat-thew (sinew) Matthew. 2,-Martin. ANSWERS TO FRENCH CHARADES. 1.--Haire, sackcloth. Aire, a town in France, also a barn- floor. Ire, anger. R6, a part of the gamut. E is the end of hope. In England the bitter hop would alone remain. The whole is Chaire, "a pulpit which Ezra the prophet caused to be set up." 2.-Oiseau, a bird. Birds of Paradise the ancients said had no feet. 3.-Dame, a lady; ame, the soul. 4.-Reve, a dream; Eve, the mother of mankind. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES. 1.-Transpose the letters, and they become Mud rats. 2.-BecauSe it contains mostly all He-brews. 3.-B-lecause he is a beholder (bee-holder). 4.-Yes, a great deal, because both have occasioned the fall of man.