CHARADES.
I knew a young lady-a lady of France- And victim I fell to her beautiful glance; hBut, making my offer, I said, which was true, " I haven't my First, if that matters to you!" To which the young lady responded, quite smart, "It doesyou much credit the truth to impart But if such is the case, I must tell you, Mossoo, That my Second co me it's quite uselessto do! " I burst into tears, and the lady so mild Said, " There, don't behave like a petulant child. Take this rose as my Whole," and away the girl flew, Leaving me plannt le' to bewail and boo-hoo. To beard the Lion in my First, And 'scape without my Second, May not, I think, among the worst Of mortal luck be reckoned. Such luck will scarce reward the games Of those the drum that roll, And rouse, by seizing what he claims, The lion in my Whole. When a person's my First, he is said to be sold: Don't appear in my Second, you'd far better not: But no better breakast is offered, I hold, Than my Whole, nicely butter'd, and pepper'd, and hot. 4. My First, if my Second be triple, is strong, My Next's a conjunction, or cockney for hand, Two initials most dear to a painter. You're wrong If you've not got a name very dear to the land. ,5" You'll say my Second's lost, And in my First be seen, If at my Whole unto your cost, You bet, while jolly green. 6. A coin the ancient Romans knew, And tossed into their actors' laps, A home, my love, where I and you Could live in calm contentment-perhaps: Tell where in June gay fashion seeks Joy far from home, 'mid modern Greeks.
As my Second, take that which, of men or of boys, My First had best be, if they're fund of a fray; And you'll get a man's name v.-:o has made much more noise (Let us hope to good end) than most men of his day. 8. Upon my First the billows breaking, Af-lord a wild but pleasant sight, Their rapid run so swiftly taking, Then sinking to the sea-line white. My Second, when the ice you're breaking, And talking-well, you scarce know how- What joy to find the loved one taking In pledge of matrimonial vow ! My Third is good, when fast you're breaking (Not age-ing, but at breakfast set) But should a Moslem friend be taking That meal with you, that dih forget. MWy Whole thus into three I'm breaking; It names an English mansion fair, We saw a husband lately taking A sweet young bride as mistress there. 9. A monarch sat by the river's brim, Hey ho ! where the buirushes grow ! And a fair girl came and sang to him, Till twilight came with its shadows dim, And my First was ready to go. But he said, " I am very fteeble and old, And I have dropped from my hat its circlet of gold, It fell in the ripples below ! My Second has laid his nets with care, Hey ho ! where the bulrushes grow ! For his little children were hungry and bare- And for food to eat, and clothes to wear, He laboured to and fro. But his net is broken and torn in the stream, And the circlet falls with a splash and gleam, And sinks in the depths below ! ,l[y Whole has skilfully m:ade his nest, Hey ho ! where the bulrushes grow! With his golden green, and hi: velvet crest Hle stoops from his arrowy flight to rest- And darts on the fishes below. While the golden circlet the monarch lost, That fell through the poor man's net, is tost In the nest where the young birds go !