No. 1.-THE TRAVELLER.
The summer sun hath climbed on high, And the flowers beneath droop'd languidly; The birds had plunged beneath the shade Of shelving rocks, or forest glade, And the traveller tired with his long long ride Is saddling off by the mountain side ; Aweary with travel and faint with thirst, Oh then more than riches he'd prize my first, So in search of my first, but all in vain, He discover'd my second upon the plain. "This is always the case !" in angry mood He exclaimed (for he was neither wise nor good.) " I am weary and tired, and parched with thirst, And I find my second instead of my first! " So he sat down and grumbled, and swore by his soul, If he had but a gun he would shoot my whole, Whilst my whole bounding off far away o'er'the plain, Has left the poor traveller in thirst with disdain. No. II.-MAMMON. Where the earth is broken above the stream, You will see my first with wild flowers team ; Or else, perchance with grass o'er grown, With many a rough projecting stone. You will hear my second while wand'ring on, Through the woods in the merry wild birds' song,
While singing her sweetest roundelay, To the setting sun at the close of day. Mly whole is worshipped by all mankind. Around their hearts are my coils entwined. I am prized by them more than heaven above, And the earth beneath hath not such love. As for me they bear,-for me they will sell There souls-and hereafter in darkness dwell. No. III. Silently my first was falling, While I wander'd by the wood, Falling o'er the quiet valley- And upon the rushing flood. While I gazed upon the fading And departing rays of light, Their I saw my second changing And dissolving into night. Like the joys this world affordeth Brief and fleeting evermore, And dissolving into sorrow- Lost upon life's care-worn shore. Thus I pondered by the forest, With the darkness everywhere, Calling up sad tales departed- Mourning over days of care. Whilst beside me in that forest, Emblematic of our pride, Stood my whole with bright red berries With the " Fox-glove, side by side." Kimberley. M. E. BARBER.