CHRIpTJ AýA ]DEsSERT, AND MORE TOO. I.
faster I Each of these supplies an anagram to Nuts to Crack.
II. CHARADE. One summer's eve, when day was nearly past, And Sol shone out its feeble final ray, When stars were in the sky appearing fast, Proclaiming night to take the place of day, When all the feathered songsters of the dell Within their nests were seeking calm repose, When from the stream sweet rippling music fell, As oceanwards unceasingly it flows, When o'er the land there blew a gentle breeze, So gentle that it scarce disturbed the air, And rustling faintly through the stately trees, It seemed as though a fairy whispered there; 'Twas then I wandered through a forest glade, Where trees in loving embrace seemed to meet, Forming a leafy arch, and grateful shade From Luna's beams, or Sol's fierce scorching heat. It was indeed a most enchanting spot, And such an one as artists love to paint- Where lovers roam, oh, happy is their lot.! For there unseen they're free from harsh restraint. A spot of which the poets like to write, To which my humble tribute I would raise; But feeble are my efforts to indite A just description of the place I'd praise. Wild flowers grew profusely 'twixt the trees, A-fragrant odour shedding everywhere, Which, wasted by the gentle summer breeze, Spread o'er the glade, and filled the peaceful air. 'Twas there I rambled with a lovely maid, Whom I adored with all the love of youth ; 'Twas there King Cupid's mandate I obeyed, And vowed that she should be my last in truth. And there I asked her to become my wife, As carelessly we strolled on, side by side; I told my love, and said I'd risk my life To take her to the altar as my bride. And when at first she seemed to hesitate, To win her I resolved that nought should first. "Whole" I exclaimed, "and let me know my fate." She answered "Yes," and thus suspense was burst.
She was a maid whom one could love at sight ; Adown her back hung golden Wavy hair, Graceful her form, proportionate her height, Each feature bore the stamp of beauty rare. She was as loving as the turtle dove; And when I met her in the forest glade, She looked more like an angel from above, That from the heavens to mortal earth had strayed. FRED. C. FINCH. III. GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. 1. Z., an island in the I. 0., near the coast of Z., subject to the I. of A. 2. S. L., a country of W. A., watered by the R., on which the B. formed a settlement in 17S7. 3. T., a large river of C. A., which falls into.the N. ETTIE L. LANGFORD. IV. QUOTATION ACROSTIC. ON TIIE LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS. " Delicate flower With the pearl-white bells, No more shall dew-drops Sleep in thy cells." Initials of the language of the flowers named in each of the following quotations give the author of above extract. 1. "And there before the little bench, O'ershadowed by the bower, Grow southern-wood." 2. " Thy fruit full well the school-boy knows, Wild bramble of the brake." 3. "Unfolding to the breeze of May, The cowslip greets the vernal ray." 4. "Plucked a blue hare-bell from the' ground." 5. " The pink can no one justly slight, The gardener's favourite flower." 6. " The grass-tufts hang upon the wall, Where the warrior's bugle hung." 7. " A host of golden daffodils; Beside the lake, beneath the trees." S. " Do not chew the hemlock rank, Growing on the weedy bank." ETTIE L. LANGFORD. V. E'ETAGRAM. i. A duty this that all should heed, Of which in Holy Writ we read, And daily should fulfil. 2. Remove its head, and then I guess It oft will cause unhappiness, And in it men oft kill. 3. Change head again and you will see, What every day is used at tea, When we have tea at home. 4. A gain, and then it will expound What in the ocean may be found, Amid the sands and foam.
5. Repeat the process, and it shows What through the streets with horses goes, Oft stopping on its way. 6. Change head again, and then the hue Is what we frequently may view Where ancient towers stay. FRED. C. FINCH. VI. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. O loftiest purpose of the Muse ! To sing the songs of old, In praise of those whose deeds infuse Our youths with courage bold; In praise of heroes who have fought For country, home, and king, And for the battles dearly bought Your pman loudly sing; In praise of those who fighting fell At what third letters name, Where primnals, I am pleased to tell As finals gained great fame. Give unto all the praise that's due To their respective deeds, And may we in their tracks pursue The course that duty needs As Englishmen-a honoured name, SWhere'er its flag's unfurled: Pray God 'twill e'er remain the same, Respected o'er the world. 1. Upon the mantel-shelf there stands A this of pattern rare; A relic brought from other lands, With which few can compare. 2. Thy uses are most manifold, Alike on land or sea; For by thy aid the brave and bold Oft foil the enemy. 3. To Germany I chanced to roam Last year when on a tour, And there beside its moiuntain home This town I did explore. 4. Last night a noisy this occurred When at the fancy fair; But from a distance I preferred To view, but take no share. 5. Within the empire of Japan This little, town will be: Look o'er your map, its name you'll scan Beside the open sea. 6. When holidays commence, most boys Go home replete with fun; But when the school does this, their joys Their short sweet course have run. 7. Beside the rippling, splashing brook This morn I strolled .at ease; From out my pocket this I took MIy hunger to appease. FRED. C. FInxC. VII. I have a piece of ground of this shape with five trees on it (marked as dots). I wish to divide it into equal parts in
such a way that each portion shall contain one tree. How shall I divide it? A. R. B. VIII. In a certain school one half the pupils learn Latin and Greek, one fourth Latin and French, one eighth French only, one sixteenth Latin only, and five are too young to learn either language. How many pupils are there? A. R. B. IX. EXTRACTIONS. Complete I am surprising; extract a letter, and I mean setting out; extract another, and I am gazing; another, and I am cord; another, and I mean to pain; another, and I am to utter sounds. F. D. BAWTREE. X. SQUARE WORDS. 1. The name of a sculptor who sculptured a Venus, And afterwards tints did apply; Innovation by many regarded as heinous, And it raised a prodigious outcry. 2. The name that is given in classical story To a land of the South-verdure crowned: A land that was anciently covered with glory, And where music and arts still abound. 3. A synonymous word for " scarcely," I show. 4. A boat that will travel on ice or on snow. 5. Were a gas to be formed by combustion of oil, This name would its nature describe. 6. I don't wish the language of Quakers to spoil; Yet perhaps from the use of this word they'd recoil When they mean to affirm "you deny." E. S. GIBsoN. Xa. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A well-known Greek slave, with a body deformed; But a mind that with fanciful narrative swarmed. He is famed for his tales, giving animals speech, With a nice moral lesson appended to each. 2. 0 noble distinction! (the reverse of a fool) Gained by knowledge profound, and a brain clear and cool; A man that doth wisdom's deep truths understand, With stores of experience ready to hand. 3. This monster unreal I feel loth to describe, Because youngsters should never false notions imbibe; But he's fabled as frightfully ugly and savage, fDelighting to terrify, torture, and ravage. 4. A conservative statesman of eminent fame, Who a convert to Cobden's free-trading became; He some statutes repealed that had proved a vexation, As they hindered the welfare and wealth of the nation. B. S. GIBsoN.
XI. A BILL OF FARE FOR CHRISTMAS. Good cooks are now scarce, I have heard it remarked, I therefore myself in that line have embarked. Here are things good for dinner; you like them no doubt But first there's the-bother of fincing thetm out. ESAU US .-E "-' .o-- - . E. S. G nsoN.
XII. CRYPTOGRAPH. Bvv tiew I an fptemi Tp tfno tig sfeuiyy og mz pskvss-hpwvi, I cpwoh a tbnh uohrpi wiqvi ljikxjya wptg Wpwoh hblusb uq tia spwo, fsghdj tia ypwqk bmqrh, 3Ibmh tia txq ezgv, ljmh sucuw, sucux fsqp tiglv sqjhvjy, Tia koqwxjj aof cpoemskk'lpenw tp pbtw, Aof ebek pbtwmhasia hbku tp sucqh ao eos Ljmh qvkopx uqqq tig fsgwjzr pptsiszpvn. Sicnixvliao. (Hbooiy, Adv 1. Sdg 5) J. E. PRIESTLEY. XIII. 13, 2, 6, 4, 17 9 19,24,7,4,22 9 21,20,7 14, 16 1,19,22 1,21 1,13,14 20,9,3,23 8,6 9,20 13,2,6, '20,10,21 20,19,23,8;1 '20,10,21 20, 19,23, S '20,10,21 16, 10, 22, 2, 1,15,6 16,10,22,2 '20,10,21 '20,10,21 20,19,23, 8: 1 6, 16, 17, 15, 13, 24, 14 6, 10, 9, 24, 23, 10, 2, 22, 22 6, 1, 20, 8, 1, 10, 18, 19 9, 21 6, 16, 20 9 23,10,14,15 21, 20,7 14,16 1,19,22. - 19, 9, 3, 14, 9, 24, 23, 12, 9, 1, 15 (8, 2, 15, 15, 9, 25 A. 2, S. 2). J. E. PRIES'TLEY. XIV. TWENTY-ONE HIDDEN BIRDS. See the host ! rich, smart in garment, and of an independent character, who has left her only son, now lone and solitary, as a mark of bitterness and hatred towards him. His hand I very often struck. Who painted those railings by the church? I bisected two of the sides. In the forest are many trees. I saw in the house a gleam of light. Do ! Do! my pet, rely on me now, or I'll crave no more! That person has to dye for the prince. At the chapel, I can never understand him. He sadly regrets the loss of his umbrella as he went just in to see his friends. G. H. L. EDWARDS. XV. AN ENIGMA. I am a plant of fragrance sweet, When wasted through the summer air: Behead me, and you soon will find, I'm snapp'd up by some lady fair. Curtail me, and you then behold A spice still sweeter than my whole; Rob me of first and last, I am A virtue dear to many a soul; Take my two first-my course is run, And I am finished-ended-done! R. L. WHERRY. XVI. The letters omitted out of the first two lines of the follow- ing quotation, properly arranged, will give the author; and the letters omitted out of the last two will give his birth- place. Ye.C ergy hile you orb t s y ur lac Ights of the orld, and st rs of hu an rac, Ut if eee nt ic ye forsa e your p ere Rodigies o inous nd vi we wi h f r. ELIZABETH DAVIDSON.
XVII. METALLIC ACROSTIC. The initials of the following buried metals, read down- wards, will give the name of a reddish-grey metal, which was discovered about a century ago. 1. Ellen Pencop perplexed me greatly with that question. 2. Is your dog older than mine? (Beheaded.) 3. You are quite wrong, Miss Ebar, i, u, m are the first three letters of no metal. 4. Tell Edith Carse nickel was first discovered by Cronstedt.. 5. Nelle addressed you very rudely indeed. 6. Maul left in the morning. ELIZABETH DAVIDSON, XVIII. A WELL-KNOWN PROVERB. 8, 7, 3, 3, 8, 2 9, 1, 4, 6 6, 3, 11, 5, 3 10, 11, 5, 2, 6 4,5,2,11,3 9,1,4,6 4,2,3 3,10,2,12. The same figures denote the same letters. W. BRowN. XIX. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A tract that is sloppy, with rushes o'ergrown. 2. Varied stripes, undulating, distinguish this stone. 3. A bird of ill omen, exciting dismay. 4. Correctly a vessel to guide on its way. 5. The father of her who beheaded. Jane Grey. E. S. GIBsoN. XX. SQUARE WORDS. 1. Puppy-pies you may keep; but pray send us your tea. 2. A Hivite prince; father of Shechem was he. 3. To this the poor Papist will still bow the knee.' 4. Two words that Good Templars will think well agree. 5. Where death-combats took place, for spectators to see. E. S. GiBsom. XXI. DOUBLE SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. 1. A queen of Ethiopia call to mind, lMention of whom in Acts you'll surely find. 2. These dwelt in Canaan when God's people came; Their title find-four times curtail the same. 3. An aged priest who trained a prophet great; His heart was troubled by his children's fate. 4. A prophet who in prayer continued bold. 5. Jesse's sixth son must now by name be told. 6. Curtail the name of Jacob's favoured wife. 7. " Son of the Morning "--lost through pride and strife.. 8. Name one who drove a great and sacred load From Kirjath-jearim to its new abode. 9. A prophet in the reign of Ahaz named. 10. A woman for her household duties famed. 11. She who to Adam did the fruit impart. 12. A beauteous gleaner, with a faithful heart. The primals of these names will bring to light; One of the kings who did 'gainst Abram fight; Whilst finals name a Babylonish king, Who did Jehoiachin from prison bring. MARGARET S. MAOCRITCHIE. XXII. CRYPTOGRAPH. CIn ugrjov kz hcworg, dcwlvre Ucgye adkw ovr prjzpree ukaxv; Edjggkhe, ovgaevre, ocobclr, zcwlvre- Hvk hcpp ugcwx ovrb eallkag wkh. S. J. BLAREa
XXIII. SQUARE WORDS. 1. Here Augustus, and Nero, and Hadrian thunder'd; Here Virgil and Cicero wrote; Here Clements and Benedicts plunder'd and blunder'd; Here,-painters.and sculptors of note. 2. Love's poet, who wrote in a language now dead; He lived in the time of our Lord; Though in schools for the classics his works are still read, Yet by virtuous minds he's abhorr'd. 3. An ancient athlete, who by power of muscle Sought to tear a strong tree-trunk nsunder : Caught fast in the cleft (in spite of his tussle), The wolves made him pay for his blunder. 4. While Israel were slaves, here their brothers were free- men, And on Seir their possessions retained; But the glory of Bozra, the wisdom of Teman, Were cursed till no vestige remain'd. E. S. GIEsoN. XXIV. The first letter of the name of the author of the first quotation, the second of the second, and so on down to the eighth, give the name of the author of the ninth quotation. 1. " The groves are scarcely seen to stir Their trembling tops; and a still murmur runs Along the soft-inclining fields of corn." 2. "And lying down, have nought to affright Sweet sleep, that makes more short the night." 3. "Nor deem the irrevocable past As wholly wasted, wholly vain, If, rising on its wrecks, at last To something nobler we attain. 4. " Lay the proud usurpers low ! Tyrants fall in every foe ! Liberty's in every blow ! Let us do, or die!" 5. " Our joys as winged dreams do fly; Why then should sorrow last? Since grief but aggravates thy loss, Grieve not for what is past." 6. " Bring flowers to the captive's lonely cell ! They have tales of the joyous woods to tell- Of the free blue streams, and the glowing sky, And the bright world shut from his languid eye." 7. " The birds shall sing, and ocean make A mournful murmur, for his sake; And thou, sweet flower, thalt sleep and wake Upon his senseless grave !" 8. "And the ocean, mile on mile, Gleams through capes and straits and bays, And the vales and mountains smile, And the leaves are wet with rays." 9. " In the midst A cedar spread his dark green layers of shade. The garden-glasses shone, and momently The twinkling laurel scattered silver lights." F. D. BAWTIEE,
XXV: EXTRACTION. I've heard my total ere to-day; But now one letter take away, How terrible 'twill be. Another letter now remove, The residue will surely prove A tablet, as you'll see. FRED. C. FINCH. XXVI. BURIED TOWNS IN AFRICA. We once had a nice tender rabbit for dinner. I think that a birning mountain must look vei'y grand. Mr. Samuel Mitchell once went to Blenheim and Arabia. Mother, Mary has bent all the teaspoons. Can you tell me what a moral is John? W. Bnows. XXVII. Find three words, containing the same letters, answering to the following:- A fish. A post. A collop. XXVIII. BURIED ANAGRAMS. 1. A great musician and composer born at Halle. 2. A celebrated Italian painter, born at Bologna: he studied in the school of Caracci. 3. The gallant deliverer of his country from the tyrannical oppressions of Christiern, king of Denmark. The Swedes, in gratitude for this service, made him their king. 4. An Italian singer, never yet excelled, knighted by Ferdinand of Spain. ETTIE ' LANGFORD. XXIX. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A sailor's exclamation. 2. A unit in numeration. 3. A simple affirmation. E. S. GInsoN. XXX. HIDDEN RIVERS. Let us hope that these scenes may never be repeated, scenes which tended to mar nearly the work of an entire century, and themselves extended over no inconsiderable space of time. Nor ever let these facts be obliterated from our memories: do not let us abandon our present pursuits for the slippery paths followed by these poor men, even though we were never prompted to rebel before. With the history of these moving scenes in our possession, may we yearn for better things and endeavour to gain them. There are ten contained in the above. A. R. B. Os