Sfirr tijc xu xrz.
*.* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and rmust be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade receired after this date, and found to have been copied from other publ'lations, will not be inserted, and no further conlribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle weill be accepted unless the Solutions are properly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. Accepted puzzles will also be found in the YOUNG MEN OF CIEAT BRITAIN. 80. A consonant; a metal; not true; a medicine, and a fruit; a musical instrument; a cape in Europe. The central letters read downwards will name a Spanish port. R. CIROSSLEY. 81. My first is in rhubarb, but not in rape; By second is in you, but not in him ; My third is in married, but not in single; iMy fourth is in Leon, but not in Mark; 3My fifth is in stern, but not in poop; And my whole, if rightly combined, Will name three celebrated poets. R. CROSSLEY. 82. My first is in Walter, but not in Roger; My second is in Aaron, but not in .Jolhu; My chird is is in seal, but not in duck ; My fourth is in east, but not in nortih; My fifth is in raven, but not in ogle/; My sixth is in Loire, but not in D)ro : My seventh is in port, but not in champagne; My eighcth is in loan, but not in lend ; And now find out two letters frinm each word, And find the names of two battles. R. CsROSSLEY. 83. A kind of tree; a boy's name curtailed ; a flower; a legal documentn; a favourite gane ; a Turkish dagger ; a bird ; a battle; a greasy liquid; a boy's name. The initials and finals read downwards will name 1C al author, and his birth- place. R. CROSSLEY. 84. A slave; a market town in Somersetehire; a Shak- spearean character; the queen of the fairies; a girl's name curtailed ; an animal ; a bird ; frozen water; at no time. The in;tials and finals read downwards will name a cele- brated naval commander. R. CROSSLEY. 85. My first is in girl, but not in boy; My second is in glad, but not in joy; My third is in lady, but not in dame; My tonrth is in play, belt not in game; My si!th is in purchase, but not in buy; My sixth is in moth, but not in fly; My seventh is in part, but not in piece; My eighth is in Italy, but not in Greece ; My ninth is in valuable, but not in dear; My tenth is in dclaub, but not in smear; My eleventh is in mare, but not in ass; My twelfth is in window, but not in glass ; My whole is atale that weekly was written, In that excellent book, the YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN. tIIERIERT D. SERJEAST. SG. A high building; a variety of clay used as a pigment ; a shout; to corrode; to drive back. HERBERT D. SERJEANT. 87. Whole I am a troublesome fellow ; transpose me, and I am a river of Spain ; transpose me again and I am a dress of dignity ; curtail me and I am to steal. 1 EasBERT D. SERJEANT, 88. A county in England; a town in Sussex; a town in India ; a city in France ; a country in Europe; an island in Eiro, pe; a city in Italy. The initials read downwards will .how the surname of a celebrated statesman and soldier in the time of Oliver Cromwell. H. C. 89. tMy first is in loosen, but not in limp ; My next is in bloater, but not in shrimp; t y third is in battle, but not in fight; My fourth is in gobble, but not in bite; :ly lifth is in lively, but not in gay : 31v sixth is in render, but not in pay; 31v sev' nth is in water, but-not in sand; 3My eighth is in finger, but not in hand; My ninth is in convent, but not in nuu; My tenth is in laughter, but not in fun Mly eleventh is in hamper, but not in kit; Mly twelfth is in choking, but not in fit ; l1y thirteenth is in kitten, but not in cat; My fourteenth is in massive, but not in fat; My fifteenth is in letter, but not in mail; In WEDDING BELLS my whole's a tale. WV. F. TRIeDER.