(grating fox ftz Aiget __" -e~e~ar
SORIGiUAL, CONTRIBUTIONs ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publitatlons, will disqualify the sender from any future insertion in these columnRs. ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. I. A boy had a certain number of common marbles. He lost one-fourth of them, gave away three-eighths, and changed away one half of the rdmainder for 4 glass ones, for each of which he gave 3 common ones; he then had 12 left (excluding the glass ones). How many had he at first ? W. H. WOOL. II. A man dying left a certain sum of money to be divided between his widow and four children-two sons and two daughters. The wife was to have one-half, the elder son one-third mote than his brother; the younger son was to have one-fifth mbre than the elder sister, who again was to have one-sixth more than her sister. The share of the younger sister was £30. What was the whole sum be- queathed ? W. H. WOOL. III. A farmer had a certain number of sheep for sale ; to one person he sold half of what he had and half of one more, to another half of what he had left and half of one more, and to another person half of what he still had left and half of one more (without killing any.) How many sheep had he at first? WILLIAM DUFF. GEOGRAPHIOAL REBUS. A city in France. A river in Germany. A man's name (the latter part transposed.) A town in Scotland. A county in England. A man's name. A kingdom in Europe. A province of Hindoostan. A city in Wales. A town in Sweden. A town in Italy. A city in Prussia. The initials read downwards give the name of a town, and the finals read upwards will name what it is famous for. T. STANLEY. NUMBERED CHARADES. I. I am a word of 7 letters. My 4, 5, 2, 7 is the name of a city; my 3, 4, 5, 5, 2 is used in every house ; my 6, 7, 1, 2 is in every coat; my 6,1, 2,3, 5 is a name very often given to a nigger; my 4, 5, 6, 7 grows in a garlen; my 6, 7, 1 a large lake; and my whole is a name familiar to the Boys of England. F. DUGARD. II. I am a word of 10 letters. My 4, 5, 6, 7 is money ; my 8,9,10 is anger; my 6, 8.9, 10 is a father; my 4, 5, 3 is a vessel for water; my 1, 5, 6, 7 is to beat; my 8,9,8, 6,7 is belonging to Ireland; and my whole is a county in the north of England. H. J. MOLONY. III. I am a word of 11 letters. My 6, 9,11 is a black substance; my 11, 9, 5 is a number; my 10, 4, 5 is found in a mine; my 3, 4, 5, 2 is in a storm; my 8,1, 2 is a colour; my 7, 8, 4, 5, 1 is used to pickle; my 5. 9, 2 is a boy's name; and my whole is a benefactor to the rising generation. J. AMERS. CHAIRADES. I. I am a word of 6 syllables. My first is a Latin word, my second is a letter of the alphabet, my third is a nick-name for Mary, my fourth is used as an abbreviation, my fifth is a word sometimes used to horses, my last it an adjective, and my whole is a part of grammar. T. G. THOMPsoN. II. My first and second are the same; Transpos'd, each is a drink, Oft used in wintry weather To warm folks, so I think. It's brought here from Jamaica, Where the riot's lately been; Now, join my parts together, And then it's plainly seen. My whole all sulky people do, I hope that's neither I nor you. JOHN T. PORTER. III. My first is not old, My second looks bold, And many sad talesof some could be told. My whole is a town, Of modern renown, It's value is great to the English crown. ALFRED PARKER. IV. My first you'll find is labour, Which every poor man knows; Each boy my second hopes to be, Though it has cares and woes ; My whole you all see every day, As to myfirst he wends his way. W. R. BLAIR.
ENIGMAS. 1. A town in Scotland; a celebrated Roman warrior; a celebrated university in England; a fort captured by the British from the Russians; a kingdom in Europe; capital of Greece; a shire in England; a character in "-Wild Charley;" a celebrated author; a Sunday held most in Great Britain; a late president in the United States; capital of Scotland; a celebrated Grecian conqueror; a Persian king; an English queen: a favourite of Mary Queen of Scots slain by the English. The initials of the answers read downwards will name a story in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. IT. The initials of the following taken in order will form the name of a celebrated general who captured a large town in America :-A battle fought in the reign of Henry VI. ; a battle fought in the reign of Richard II. ; a battle fought in the reign of Henry 11I.; a battle fought in the reign of Henry VIII.; a battle fought in the reign of Charles I. WILLIAM JARVIS. III. Without me no man could exist, No beast of the desert could thrive, No bird, even Jove's, could subsist, Although he might eagerly strive. I'm always on river and land, At sea.and abroad I'm the same; My temper is often most bland, And far very often from tame. I cherish the leaves of the rose, Kiss fruit on the bough of the tree; Many odours I give to the nose, My name now resolve unto me. T. W. COOK. REBUS. The initials of the following will give the name of an interesting and very useful periodical :-An Italian river; a frontier town of Persia; a river of Turkey, in Asia; a Scotch island; a Syrian river; an Irish bay; a Welsh mountain; a Spanish province; a seaport town in Norway; an European volcano; a Prussian river; a town of Virginia; a city of Portugal; an Egyptian town; an African lake ; a mountain of Hindostan. W. E. KING. A WORD OF ADVICE, Ra!eppal Lam sti'o htelfir T A thguo nkn lht Rae yeht e Kams T ne mom-niatn uome H Tsd nasll ares E vigs elf irto Te racru oy-ElFilse Lfirtd nan Evilot nr ael Uo yero feb-Ei dyamu oyn 0 ! ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 34, ENIGMA.-Hope. REBUs.-Boccaccio Decameron; 1. BelliarD. 2. OresinE. 3. CondillaC. 4. CanovA. S. AdaM. 6. ChapellE. 7. CrayeR. 8. InterianO. 9. OdoN. CHUARADES.-I. The Boys of England. II. Anglesea. III. Lady, lad. NUMBERED CIIARADES.-I. Hastings; gas, sin, shin, hat, shant. II. Agincourt; gin, cart, gain, gout. WORD SQuARING.-- S T 0 P T Y NE QN CE PEEP HIISTORICAL CIARADE.-The execution of Charles I. at Whitehall. He gave a ring to Bishop Juxon, and uttered the word, " Remember." GEOGRAPIIICAL ENIGlMAS.-I. Don, Islay, Calcutta, Kidderminster, Edinburgh, Nankin, Strasbourg. II. Thomas Moore; Tweed, Hapburg, Oden, Minho, Agram, Sicily, Mecca, Oormiah, Obin, Roscommon, Ecclefechan. CONUNDRUM. -The nasal organ. DEOAPITATIOS. -Stone, tone, one, on, no, 0. CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.-C. T. Papworth, WalterA. Whyte, C. W. K. Whyte (well done for 9 years), Alfred Hartnell (see notice at top of column), John F. Lyne, Paul, A. Salumper, Henry R. Kierau, Charles E. Collins, Pens and Ink, John Young Heodge, Henry White, J. Solomon (see notice at top of column), Thomas Savage (thanks), A Birmingham Blue-Coat School Boy, Mabel Moore (many thanks. We have too often, we find, given our contributors the benefit of a doubt. Henceforth we shall reserve it to ourselves), Xenophon. H. MARKS.--Ifyou do not belong to the legal profession. adopt it, by all means, at once, for you will gain every clause you plead, if only by a "fluke." We will insert your Arithmorem in its proper turn, as a reward for your perseverance, but we certainly did not intend you to produce a number of words whose initials should form the one, but to show you that there were no numerals to give its equivalent. SAMUEL C. WILMOTT.-In a few words, a " Crytograph " is the art of writing sentences as puzzles, or of carrying on a correspondence with others that shall be only under- stood by those in possession of the key. There are many ways of doing so, more than our space will permit us to explain, but the most common for puzzles is to transpose the alphabet, making z y x or any other letter you please, stand for a, and the same with the other letters. Or you may use the figures 1 to 9 to represent a to i and out off the last nine letters r to z, or you may leave out all the vowels and supply their places by figures. Some invent signs to represent words or syllables-a kind of short- hand, but they are, of course, inadmissible in a journal. To your other questions :--1. See our notices in previous numbers. 2. Send your adventure, and if suitable, we may use it. :.. Consult a medical man. 4. "Fenin n" is said to be derived from Phoenician, the people who are supposed to have first peopled Ireland. I. Much depends on your taste. One prefers Burns, another burns for Martin F. Tupper. I. and 7. We have not space to answer.