Ollacrucs for lzc IJ gwi e ls.
*,* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle of charade received after this date, and found to have been copies from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solutions are properly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. CHARADES. I. My first reversed, a colour is called; my second sig- nifies gone; my third is the opposite of land ; and my whole is a lake in England. O. WELLS. II. My first is in pear, but not in cherry : My second is in laughter, but not in merry; My third is in palanquin. but not in chair; My fourth is in scratch, and also in tear; My fifth is in high, but not in low; My sixth is in quarrel, but not in row ; My seventh is in rough, but not in kind; My whole is a very daungrous animal, you'll find. J. JUDGE. TRANSPOSITIONS. I. aa de ell lll n s stt w w. Placed in their proper places will bring to view one of Shakespeare's plays. KING LEAR. 11. adeeefghhlllnnooorrstwwwy. Will bring to your view an author and poet. KING LEAR. III. aaaaacceeeehiikkllmmptwy. Will bring to view an author. KING LEAR. SQUARE WORDS. I. A well known tree and a lady's name; In third, a riddle see; A lump of wood; but guess its frame, And fifth will fastenings be. CIARLES SHELLEY. II. My first is an equestrian; my second is a foreign country; my third is the name of a king of Israel; my fourth is to break in pieces; my fifth is a surname. A. J. BOLDERSTON. CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVFD.-S. Collis, S. Ames, and E. Sturman (2 post-cards). Wm. Bower, A. J. Hack (13. You are correct with No. 2. It is not always possible to form the whole of the letters into words; the proper number of letters in the puzzle is given, and those deficient in the words formed must be supplied by the solver). G. R. Rothwell (4. Your solutions are very clearly written ; we shall be glad to see more of them). David Haig (4).