(gra m or tfa t y nlniont,
** All contributions to this column 1IUST BE ORIGINAL. We are compelled to give this notice, as several unfair imposi- tions have been discovered. ENIGMA. Day by day, I feed the mind Of the weary luckless kind; My name on many a tongue you'll find, If not, the mouth will be inclined Some day sure to give it wind, For poor indeed must be the hind That cannot my four letters bind; Come, aspirate I be not unkind, Utter the word I most remind. JAMES WILLIAM COOK. REBUS. 1. A French general, died 1832. 2. A French author, died 1382. 3. A French writer, died 1780. 4. An eminent sculptor, died 1822. 5. A French sculptor, died 1759. 6. A French poet, died 1688. 7. A Flemish painter, died 1669. 8. A Spanish monk and author, died 1720. 9. A Norman warrior, died 1097. The initials and finals of the above will, by reading downwards, give the name of an Italian poet, and of his chief work. JOIIN SMITH KAY. CHARADES. I. Through all great Britain, my native air. I live a life of tranquil joy; And cross the seas you'll find that there I'm welcomed by the British boy. My dress is sable, white and black, No gaudy colour I display, And those who kindly on me look ('an scarcely turn their eyes away. I'm fond of fun, can crack a joke, And many a home I help to cheer; tut, strange to say, I never spoke, Nor did I ever move or stir. I travel wide o'er land and sea, Both steam and hand !cy speed advance: And, strange though it may seem to read, I'm in a thousand towns at once. In short, I'm what you all may see, What every household ought to buy ; And, when you get me, then you'll agree That I have never told a lie. C. 1HI. LIVEcETT. II. My first, you must know, is a name, That in geometry often occurs; On my second, brave England's won fame. Now, do you not know me, sirs ? You don't I Well, then my whole is an isle, If you've found out the others, add this to the file. ALFRED PARKER. III. A woman I am, Curtail me, you will see Between a boy, between a man- What can my answer be ? JACK GUrY. NUMBERED CHARADES. I. I am a word consisting of 8 letters. My 7, 2, 3, is used in most houses; my 3, 5, 6, no man is free of ; my 8, 1, 5, 6, is part of the body; my 1, 2, 4, is requisite; my 8, 1,2, 6, 5, is a rude word, and my whole is a picturesque and romantic watering-place on the south coast of England. WILLIAM GARNIIAIr. II. I am a word of 9 letters, and name a battle. My 2, 3, 4, is a liquor; my 5, 1, 8, 9, is a vehicle; my 2, 1, 3, 4, is profit; my 2, 6, 7, 9, is a painful disease. J. A I'ULLOCK. WORD SQUARING. My first is what I hope the circulation of the " Boys " will never do; my second is a river in the north of England; my third is an adverb of time; and my fourth is what most boys take at "our " Journal. WILLIAM CHAPPLE. (HISTORICAL CHARADE. It is a cold winter's morning. Around a certain public building in an old city is gathered a mob. They are mak- ing a great disturbance. But look; who is that coming bound in an open cart ? It is a man of the highest rank about to be sacrificed to satisfy a mad people. He is led up to the scaffold, and tries to speak to the mob. But his voice is drowned by the band striking up some noisy tune. He turns to a person near to him, and gives him a ring, with a single word, and then lies his head on the block, and the axe falls amid the hisses of the mob. J. W. AITKENS.
TRANSPOSITIONS. I. SOYTIRM. A Scythian queen who defeated Cyrus. W. RONALDSON. II. LEO TO WAfR. A famous battle in which the late Duke of Wellington was commander. W. RONALDSON. GEOGRAPHICAL ENIGMAS. I. A river in Russia; aa island in Scotland; a city in India; a city in England; a city in Scotland: a city in China; a city in France. The initials read downwards give the name of a celebrated novelist. A. MOALPINE. II. A river in Scotland; a town in Switzerland; a river in Austria ; a river in Portugal ; the capital of Crotia; largest island in the Mediterranean; a town in Arabia; a salt lake in Persia; a river in Asia; a county in Ireland; a town in Scotland. The initials read downwards will give the name of a famous British poet. P. PEARSON. CONUNDRUM. What is the oldest instrument in the world, and almost universally used ? BLAIR ATHOL. DECAPITATION. My second is a hard substance; behead me, I signify sound ; behead me again,I am a number ; curtail me, I am a preposition ; reverse me, I am a negative; behead me, I am an interjcction. G. GRAsAM.