7(s l -r JU O 3110-a- i4 s
*'gORI(1YNAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY 're required, andl'must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzztle or charatde received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further: bntlibution from the same person will betaccepted. No PuAsle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro. perlyrtwokedout. Numbered Charades in particular must have;FULL answers sent with them. AC(O1PTED.-.-eo. Oxford, R. G. Crowley (Baltimore), AlberbEdward Wood, Sphinx, Arthur Brooks, John E. Tweedie, C. R. Brown (if your puzzles are original, they are a verypgreat'credit to you. 'We insert them on faith of your guarantee, but you must not be so absurd as to expect that we can insert them in our journal " next week." Months may elapse before you can expect to see a notice of them), T. D. Brangham, Murray Hayne, J. W. Bryan, John Wilkins, William Gutteridge, Frank Tebbs, T. Walker, jun., Thomas Atkinson. DECDINED.-Henry E. Juergens (imperfect; spinnet is spelledas we have written it). SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.-H. West, M. B. Sreetman, T. Walker, jun., C. Bennett, J. R. P., Arrow, John C. White, Percy Russell, L. Silvers. 261. A tree; an open space; one of Shakespeare's plays; a woman's name. Squaro Words. GEo. OXFORD. 262. An ancient seaport town; a boy's name; a famous forest in Belgium ; a fish; a machine; a reptile. Initials name a famous river. GEO. OXFORD. 263. Red legs euro. And Iled on. I call. Aaaelz. Ram. bler. Clatimes. Sore.-Transposed Flowers. GEO. OXFORD. 264. A consonant; a quadruped: a book; an alien ; a roted dockyard; an explorer; a statesman; a French lprieo ; part of one's head ; a number; a vowel. Centrals read down and across will name a celebrated traveler. GEO. OXFORD. 265. I am a word of 7 letters. My 5, 3, 2 is a short poem; my 6, 2, 7 is a colour; my 4, 5, s is a preposition; my 7, 5, 2, 6 is 'one who acts; and my whole is a city in England. R. G. CROWLEY. 266. My first is a girl'sname, my second is a kind of wine, and my whole is a town in England. R. G. CROWLEY. 267. My`first is a pile of hay, my second is a town in Ire- land, and my whole is a town in England. R. G. CROWLEY. 268. I am composed of 16 letters. My 3, 9, 5, 13, 8 is a fish; my 13, 14, 6 is a domestic animal; my 1, 11, 7 is the track of a cart-wheel; my 2, 15, 8, 4, 5 is an under teacher; my 12, 10 is a prepoi- tion; my 16, 8, 5, 2, 15, 8 is a small bird; my 8, 11, l (; is a poor cottage; my whole is a tale in the BOYS OF' ENG- LAND. ALBERT EDWARD WOOD. 269. I am composed of 8 letters. My 4, 1, 2 is a domestic animal; my 8, 6, 3, 3 is oppo- site to gain ; my 5, 7. 6, 2 is to shout in contempt ; my 5, 1, 2 is a covering for the head. My whole is a tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. ALBERT EDWARD WOOD. 270. My first is in preaching, but not in tales; My next is in boxes, but not in bales; My third is in needle, but not in pin; My fourth is in silence, but not in din; My fifth is in Sarah, but not in Jane; My sixth is in street, but not in lane; My last is in year, but not in month; My whole, if practised by all, The work of our judges much lighter would fall. ALBERtT EDWARD 'WoOD. 271. A lofty chain oflEuropean mountains; a town on the Rhine; the former capital of the Burmese dominions; a Neapolitan city. The last letter but one of each, read downwards, will name a province of South America, and the second letter of each, read downwards, will give one of its chief cities. ALBERT EDWARD WOOD. 272. A title; a river in Germany ; a girl's name; a spring of water; a girl's name; not well (reversed); a naval battle (twice curtailed); a girl's name. The initials and finals read down will give the name of one who first in- troduced tobacco into England. SPHINx. 273. A spirit; a lake in Europe; an Eastern magistrate; a part of the human' frame; a royal title; a cape in Europe; a town in America; a number; a. town mn Italy. I was upon a travel bent, Therefore I strolled into Kent; I first arrived in my prinmals, And finished in my finals. SPHINX, 274. One-third of mop, one-third of pop, And then one-fourth of down; One-fourth of hare, one-fourth of care; My whole is a poet of renown, SPHINX.
275,. My first is in empty, but not in full; My second is in sheep, but not in bull; My third is in camp, but not in tent; My fourth is in perfume, but not in scent; My fifth is in gravel, but not in sand; My sixth is in regiment, but not in band ; My seventh is in harbour, but not in dock; My eighth is in shake, but not in rock; My ninth is in arrow, but not in bow; And my whole is an old place which nearly fell down some months ago. ARTHUR BROOKS. 276. Msrduimemhgsitnermad. The whole, if put aright, will give one of Shakespeare's plays. ARTHUR BROOKS. 277. A consonant; a number; a small stream; a Welsh mountain; a country; a cunning animal; a consonant. JOHN E. TWEEDIE. 278. My first is in wound, but not in sore; My second's in window, but not in door; My third is in old, but not in young; My fourth is in lip, but not in tongue; My fifth is in fir, but not in ash; My sixth is in brave, and also in rash; My seventh's in many, but not in few; My eighth is in water, but not in dew; My ninth is in pen, but not in ink; My tenth is in float, but not in sink; My last is in wild, but not in tame; My whole is a famous hero's name. JoHN E. TWEEDIE. 279. Formed halt beneath and half above the earth, We sisters owe to art a second birth ; The smith and carpenLer's adopted daughters, Made on the earth to travel o'er the waters. Swifter we move as tighter we are bound, Yet neither touch the water, air, nor ground; We serve the poor for use, the rich for whim; Sink when it rains, and when it freezes, swims. C. R. BROWN. 280. One hundred and fifty, if rightly applied To a place where the living did once all reside, Or a consonant joined to a sweet singing bird, Will give you a name that you all often have heard, And one which I've no doubt some friend of yours owns; 'Tis the rival of Smith, and as common as Jones. C. R. BROWN. 281. An article famous for lightness transpose, And a substance of infinite weight 'twill disclose. C. R. BROWN. 282. One-third of 12, if you divide By just one-fifth of 7, The true result, which I have tried, Is sure to be 11. C. R. BROWN. 283. Animals; a stone of changeable colours ; an entrance; a carriage. - Square Words. J. D. BRANGHAM. 284. A consonant; dread; a sea monster; a town in Wales; a sticky substance ; moisture ; a vowel. The centrals read downwards and across will name a town in Wales. J. D. BRANGHAM. 285. I am a word of 11 letters. My 5, 3, 6 is in the affirmative; my 6, 7, 1, 2 is to wound ; my 11, 9, 10 means to strike; my 4, 1, 7 is an animal; and my whole is a celebrated watering-place in Wales. J. D. BRANGIIAM. 286. Papa gave us a holiday- I think 'twas Thursday week- Into my second then we went, And each took him a seat. We were not long before my first In danger seemed to be, And had not then my whole appeared, We'd soon be washed to sea. J. D. BRANGITAM. 287. My first is in horse, but not in cart; My second is in light, but not in dark; My third is in bite, but not in bark; My fourth is in pudding, but not in tart; My whole is a work of skill and art, Which merchants love to fill and start; And though I'm stout and strong, yet may A puff of wind blow me dway. MURRAY HAYNE.