(tmhea rs for the t lrkt1azs.
," ORIGIhNAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY ase required, and must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puztle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answeers sent with them. 934. A town in Lancadhire ; a town in Lancashire; a town in Norfolk; a town in Lincolnshire; a town in Oxford- shire; a town in Cornwall; a town in Devonshire; a town in Norfolk; a town in Kent; a town in Sussex; a town in Westmoreland; a town in Nottinghamshire; a town in Kent. The initials read downwards will name an excellent journal. GEORGE D. WILLIAMS. 935. We sent Ruth a message to come. Miss E. G. Mitchell had twenty newspapers from India. Bad boys ever need to be corrected. The mountains of Italy are in- deed beautiful. I used to go to Warsaw yearly. Can you see Windsor Castle from the Crystal Palace 2- Buried English Rivers. WILLIAM BROWN. 936. I am a word of 5 letters. My 2, 4, 5 is a covering for the head; my 5, 3, 4 is a beverage; my 1, 2, 4, 5 is a pronoun ; my 2, 3, 4, 5 is to make hot; and my whole is the finest of grains. WILLIAM BROWN. 937. To spoil and humble. To be without and the decline of life. Part of the human body and standing water. A bird and a consonant. A harbour, a consonant, and an entrance. An instrument, formerly used for behead- ing in Scotland, and part of the body.-Towns in Eng- land. WILLIAM BROWN. 938. I am a word of 5 letters. My 2, 3, 4, 5 is a well-known man; my 3, 4, 5 is an obstructios ; my 5 expresses a thousand; my 2, 3, 2 is a girl's name; my 5, 4, 3 is an adjective. W. W. 939. My first is fresh; my second is an English town; and my whole is an English town. R. CROSSLEY. 940. An English river; a European lake (curtailed); a cataract in America; an English town; a European country (curtailed); an Algerian town; an English town. The initials and finals read down will name two English towns. R. CROSSLEY. 941. A goddess; vegetables; an Eastern magistrate; a bird; a liquid (transposed); a spirit (curtailed); a metal. The initals and finals read down, Will name a novel by an author of renown. R. CROSSLEY. 942. A title; two-thirds of a bird; a relation; a holy person ; a river in England; soon; a tale; a river in France ; a goddess; a tree; a tree; an animal; a boy's nickname; an animal; a relation ; a portion of time. If you read the initials down, And the finals the same way ; Will not name the author,you'll own, But two of his works will display. R. CROSSLEY. 943. A river in England; an animal ; a boy's name; orna- ments ; a river in France ; an animal ; a river in Germany; a repetition; one half of a fish; an animal; a lake in Ireland. The initials and finals read downward will bring a famous novel forward. R. CROSSLEY. 944. A county in Wales; a country in Europe (curtailed); a river in England (reversed); an island in the South seas; a mountain in Palestine; a town in Asiatic Tur. key; a town in Persia; a country in Europe. The initals if you read down, Will name a watering place of renown ; The finals read the same way, An English town will display. R. CROSSLEY. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 427. 924. Salamanca, Inkermann; SalonikI, AberdeeN, Lim- ericK, AshanteE, MadagascaR, AltrinchaM, Ni- caraguA, CarnarvoN, AstrakhaN. 925. Balaklava, Tchernaya; BathursT, AdriatiC, Lough- borouglh, AdelaidE, KandahaR, LauncestoN, AconcaguA, VwernY, AbyssiniA. 926. Andes, Sedan. 927. Kidderminster. 928. Llewellyn, the Last King of Wales. The Scapegrace at Sea. Wild Tom of Cambridge. Wandering Boys. Walter the Archer. Edwin the Saxon. 929. Cockermouth; cock, (h)er, mouth. 930. Tobacco. 931. Crown. 932. A blush. 938, A pa9i of spurs.