ýx~rte·Xa tzox 1e ` z~eeztzýa,
** ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or harade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle oill be accepted unless the Solutions are pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular" must have PULL answers sent with them. 122. Verbal Charade. My first is in fat,.bnt not in thin; My second is.in:laugh;but not in grin; 'My third is in-geese,hbut not in hen; My fomutthiisngfrl, but not in men; My fifth.isie marble, but not in lead; My sixth.isIa stool, butmot in bed ; My seventh is in ram, but not in goat; My eighth is is vest, but not in coat; My ninth is in pistol, but not in gun ; My tenth is in ale, but not in rum ; My eleventh is in war, but not in fight. A weather glass my whole will meet your sight. MORRIS COIIRE. 123. Verbal Charade. I am found in lard, but not in butter; I am found in board, but not in shatter; I am found in rum, but not in gin; I am found in lead, but not in tin; I am found in door, but not in gate; I am found in early, also in late; I am found in race, but not in pace; I am found in bream, but not in dace; I am found in day, but not in night. If you the above letters place aright, A nobleman's name will come to sight. RICRAItD III., Liverpool. 124. My first is in jay, but not in wren; My second is in lake, but not in fen; My third is in cap, but not in hat ; My fourth is is kitten, but not in cat; My fifth is in pie, but not in tart; My sixth is in gig, but not in cart; My seventh is in kettle, but not in pot; My eight is in English, but not in Scot. And my whole is a character in " Frank Free- land; or, the Lad who Won the Victoria Cross." FRANK PORTER. 128. An animal, a tree, another tree, an animal, another animal, a large stream of water. My initials read down- swardswill name an English poet. FRANK PORTER. 126. My 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 is a weapon of war; my 11, 4, 5 means also; my 3, 1, 2 is a tree; my whole is an English poet. FRANK PORTER. 127. My first is in bullet, but not in lead; My second is in blue, but not in red; My third is in thrush, but not in lark; My fourth is in tunny, but not in shark; My fifth is in boat, but not in yacht; My sixth is in lane, but not in spot; My seventh is in grass, but not in plot. My whole is a character in " Bpb Blunt the Traveller." FRANK PORTER. 128. My first I took shelter in, As it was raining fast; I had just been to Reading, And was returning homre at last. My second I put in my box When I went sporting; Very soon I espied a fox, And I pretty quickly caught him. Into my second he was put, And I threw it over my shoulder; A year after he was took, He looked three years older. My last I have you already told, As you will plainly see; When you have this puzzle solved, You will say the same as me. W. C. FREEMAN. 129. My first is in yes, but not in no; My second is in arrow, but not in bow; My third is in rich, but not in poor; My fourth is in twelve, but not in four; My fifth is in Tom, but not in Ben; lMy sixth is in Trent, but not in hen; My seventh is in day, but not in week; My eighth is in chair, but not in seat; My ninth is in cold, but not in hot; My tenth is in kettle, but no' in pot. 1 tite sicht letters irc placed together, They wilnuL a character who was clever. W. C. FREEMAN. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 633. 118. Dick Gordon; or, The True British Sailor Boy; goose, Greece, Richard, slate, cod, rose, oats, Cork, York, aisle, bun, butter, don, hide, nine. 119. Rugby, Derby, Maidstone, Newcastle, Reading, Deal, Oxford, lpsom, Dover, Kingswear (in Corn- wall), Wigan, Oldham. 120. Madagascar; car, gas, Cam Mac, mar, sad, card, ram, Madras, mad. 121. Wolf the Miner.