Gnxiakhm I
say OtIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received aftr this date, and found to have been eopied ftom other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered r'harades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 426. A European river, the centre take away, And not mad is what it will display. SPHINX. 427. A county in England ; a kingdom of Europe; a river of France; a large empire; a continent; a country of South America; a city in England; an island in the Atlantic. The initials read downwards wiilnamea well- known statesman. EDWARD NEATIIAM. 428. An island in the Indian Ocean ; a lake in North Ame- rica ; a town in Scotland ; a rver in South America; a county of England ; a lake in North America; a town in Kent. The initials read downwards will name a great poet. EDWARD NrEATIIAM. 429. My first is in rum, but not in beer; My second is in laugh, but not in sneer; Ny third is in love. but not in hate; 3My fourth is in Catherine, but not in Kate; My fifth is in round, but not in i'uare; My sixth is in foul, hu not in fair; My seventh is in thumb, but not in hand; My whole was a king us Scotland. JOHN WRIGIIT. 430. My firsts are in wrath, but not in ire; My seconds are in Ohio, also in Loire; My thirds are in shilling, but not in penny; My fourths are in Clara, butt net in Je:nny My fifths are in mire, but not in mud; My sixths are in carnation, but not in bud My sevenths are in mother, but not in sister; My whole is Christian and surname of a painter. SPHINX. 431. My firsts are in swamp, but not in bog; My seconds are in swine, but not in hog; My thirds are in lilht, but not in dark; My fourths are in Kate, but not in Mark My fifths are in lion, but not in mouse; My lasts are in poet, but not in muse. Three letters from each word placed down I'ill name three painters of renown. SPINsx. 432. The widow's all; a notion; beverages; a part of the compass.-Square Words. SPHINX. 433. My first is in rope, but not in chain; My second is in road, but not in plin ; IMy third is in sparrow, but not in bat; My fourth and last is in kitten, but not in cat. Now, reader, with att-,ntive mind, A well-known Christian name you'll find. G. H. SAcRGENT. 434. A boy's name: a British queen; a village in Syria; a town in England ; what everyone shoult be; a firearm ; a river in America; a girl's name; a battle; a county in Ireland. The initials read carefully down Will name a volume of renown. SPHlNx. 435. A fish; a girl's name; a girl's name; a portion of America; a boy's nanme; a part of the compass; a fish (urtailed); a river in America; what everyone should The initials read down aright And the finals the same way, A volume will bring to Right, And on your book-shelf it is you'll say. SPHINX. 436. A vehicle, a vowel; and a rope. Twd-thirds of a kind of meat; a boy's name ; and a vowel. Fifty; not well; and a vowel. A kind of wood (transposed). A vowel; and a girl's name (transposed).- Christian names. SPHINX. 437. Acoundtry in Africa; a girl's name; a girl's name; Clean and tidy.--Square Words. SPHINX.