gxaduor for bC t C1Y10c . -.0---
e,* 1ORIaINSL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this dale, and found to have been ,pied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. 1o puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- prly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must pre FULL answers sent woilth them. -4---- 492. A'puzzle; a frnie.; a. town in Ireland.; a weapon; a ft; a title,; a lake-in America; a. town in England; a fish; a gobling.. an insect; a cry; a girlts name; a river in America- fresh. The-initials and finals read down- Will name two poets.of renowloc SPHINX. 493; A consonant; a- weight; a girl's name; a town in France; a bird; a bird; a poet; a cape in Asia; a country in Africa; a noise; a parish in anrrey; a number; a consonant. The centrals read down an:d across will name a poet. 494. My first, you will understand, I a mea-ure used on land; M31 lruxt on a warm summer's day You will want to be without delay; 2For my third a bird you'll select, And animals in my last detect. SPIIINX. 495. My first is in wicket, but not in ball; My second is in David, but not in Saul; My thirde is in young, but not in old; My fourth is in brave, but not in bo:d; My fifth is 'in shore, but not in coast; My whole is an animal feared by most. E. PEARSON. 496. A town of Spain.;., a town of France; a. town of En land; a town of-Portugal; a town of England; a town of France; a:tow-n of Italy ; a town-oftSpain; a town of England ; a-town of Scotlaud ; a town of rance. The initials read-,doarawards will give the name of a celebrated English- ggneral who flourished in the thir- teenth century. E. PEArsuso. 497. A town of Spain; a town of England ; a town of Scot- land; a town of France; a town of Italy ; a town of Scotland ; a town of Wales; a town of England ; a town of England; a town oft England; a river in Africa. Initials read downwards will give the name of a cele- brated actor now dead. E. PEtARsoN. 498. 'My first is in mouse, but not in rat, My second is in owl, but not in bat; My third is in eagle.; my fourth in night; My whole a bird will bring to light. B. PEARSON. 499. My first is in cord, but not in repe,- My second is.ip-cardinual, but not intpope; My third is in France, but not in Sysin; AMy,fOurth isin stick, but not in caniei; My fifth is in glove, but not in handnt; My sixth is in rock, but not in land';. My seventh is in brown, but not inblanok; My eighth-is-in donkey, but not in hank ; My ninth-is in gold; my tenth is in sand ; My whole is-a tale in the BOYS OF-ENGLAND. E. PEAlOoON. 500. My first is-in bean, but not in stalk ; My second is in ride, but not in walk; My third is in whip, but not in horse; My fourth is in pitch, but not in toss; My fifth is in pencil, but not in mark; My sixth is in jay, but not in lark; My seventh is in bush, but-not in tree; lly eighth is in steamer, but not in sea; My ninth is in veal, but not in pork; My tenth is in vulture, but not in hawk; My eleventh is in regiment, but not in band; And my whole is a friend of the BloYS OF ESGLAND. E. PEARSON. 501. My first is in earl, but not in baron; My second is in coal, but not in iron; My third is-in cane, but not in stick; Myfourlthissin hammer, but not in pick; My fifth-is in frook, but not in button; My sixth'is in silk, but not in cotton My seventh is in forcot, but not in woodi; My eighlth'is in fiesh;butnot-in food; My.nintheis in.fruit, but not in apple;- Mly tenthlis in horse, bat.not in cattles My-eleventh is in loosoj, ut not in tight; My whole,,it you place these letters aright, A Scottish county will:ibring to sict., Joul G. DICK. 502. My first is a long piece of timber; my second is to make a vessel go with oars; and my whole is the name f a well-known bird. JouNOG. DICK. 503. A consonant and a colour (transposed). Two conso- nants and a fever. A name and a relation. ARoman ntmeral, a weight (transposed), and not false. A re- lation, an animal, a vowel, part of the human frame, and a vowel. A Roman numeral, a meat, and a fruit,- Towns enigmatically expressed. SPInsx.
504. A pool, a vowel, and a fruit. A vessel-and a weight. A boy's name, and not out. An English town (trans- posed) and a cave. A jump (transposed) and a weight (transposed).-Towns enigmatically expressed. SPIlINX. 505. My whole far across thp sea, The name of a town will be; And if you the same transpose, What brings news will disclose. SPHINX. 506. My whole is an Asiatic town, Curtailed, is a female you'll own; And if you now behead, An animal you'll have instead;.. SpnIINX. 507. A female name, behead,transp se, An English town it will disclose, SPHIrss. rs8. My whole is a river in England ; beheaded, I am what we all have to pay. SIr[isNX. 509. My whole is a country far o'er the eca, But if you take away the middle, A part of a h-rse you will see, Is the answer to this riddle. 510. I am composed o; 7 letters. My 7, 5, 6, 3 is the reverse of pc, it t; my 4, 1, 2 is de- jcctced; my . G, 1, 7 is a vehicle; : y 7, 1, 6, :3 is a lour- tion of the whole ; and my whole is a celebrated city. 11. U. MILLS. 511. 3My first is in donkey, but not in ass; IMy next is in priest, but not in mas ; My third is in cat, but not in dog; lMy fourth is in whisky, but.not in. grog; l3y fifth is in gold, but not in lead; My s:xth is in cot, but not in bed; 3[y seventh is in rat, but not in mouoe; My eighth is in-lodging, but not in.huuse ; My ninth is in once, but not in twice; My tenth is in bean, but not in rice& These h tters put together as placed,, Is a hero the BOYS OF EZsGLAND-hasgraced. 1,· G. -,ILLS. 512. I am composed of S letters. My 4, 5, 6, 2 is used by a laundress; my 1.2, 7, 8 is not straight; my :, 6, S is a well-known fruit ; and my whole is a character in " Jack llarkas\vyv After School- Sdays," Il. G. MILLS. 513. I am composed of 12 letters. Sly 3, 4, 5 is a gamle at cards ; my ;3, 9, 9, 10, 2,12 is to hearken ; my 1, 2, 12 is a boy's namei; mty 11, 7 is an ejaculation ; my G, 11, 12 is antt article to h,,ld swater; and my whole is a country in Asia. it. G. MILLS. 514. My first is in mat, but not in rug; SMy second is in snail, but not in slug; lMy third is in date, but not inl fig; Mly fourth is in cart, but not in gig.; My fifth is in daughter, but not in son; Sty sixth is in woman, but not in man ; My seventh is in table, but not in form; SMy eighth is in prickle, but not in thorn ; My whole is a tale or story. II. P. DODRIDGE. 515. A girl's name; a small animal; a colour; the finish; a ballet-girl. The initials read downwards give the name of a Saxon king- S. S. KENsLDY. 516. A consonant; an ancient instrument of warfare; a direction ; a country; an Enclish river; a large European empire ; an island of Greece: a girl's namet ; a vowel. The centrals read across and downwards give the name of an English river. S. S. KiENx :i. 517. Sawpok. Cinoti. Teaunaeg. Dawelubcrn. Atulog. Moamal.-Transposed Rivers. S. S. KENEDY. 518. M3y first is in find, but not in lost; My second is in kind, but not in cross; ily third is in ace, but not in spade; Sly fourth is in make, but not in made; Mly fifth is in sugar, but not in sweet: Sly sixth is in cold, but iot in heat; Mly seventh is in ground, but not in clay; My eighth is in said, but not in say; SMy ninth. is in door, but not in table; My tenth is.in-Cain, but not in Abel. If these are read and. placed aright, A BOYS OF ENGLAND hero will come to sight. JAMES AVYON.