(fs raduxs for # .e 3lrigrrraffr;·
'** ORIoINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzle or Charade received after this dale, and found to have been copied from other publications, trill not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 868. A European town, behead, transpose, A colour to you it will disclose. PIONEER. 869. My primal is an evergreen, A kind of wine in next is seen; The two combine, and you'll own, That I am in your garden grown. PIONEER. 870. A river in England; a female name ; all riddles must possess this; a female name; taxes.-Square Words. PIONEER. 871. A female name; what b:acksmiths use; a part of the throat; rivulets; what shoemakers use.-Square Words. PIONEER. 872. A colour, and a fish ; a vowel, a spirit, and a vowel; a vowel, a wine, and a vowel; a flower, and a female name; an old building, and part of the face; a female name, and a pretence; an insect, and to run away; a mineral, and a tree ; a name, and a colour ; a bird, and what is used by horsemen : to adld, a vowel, and a relation. The initials of the above read down, Will name an author of renown. PIONEER. 873. A part of a house now trace, Turn round, is a desolate place. SPHINX. 874. My first is an English river ; my second is found in the kitchen; and my :ast is a female name; and my whole is to be found in Italy. PIONEER. 875. A consonant; a London paper; a female name; a boy's name; a town in Germany; a town in England; a fish ; a science; a consonant. The centrals, read across and down, Will name to you a German town. R. OROSSLEY. 876. My whole is found in every house, cottage, and palace; also to be found in parks; and almost anywhere. SPHINX. 877. A consonant; an animal; a town in Scotland; an animal; a parish in Surrey; a useful article; a conso- nant. The centrals read down and across will name an animal. SPHINX. 878. A consonant; a metal; a town in Scotland; a townin France; a fruit; an animal; a fruit; a drink; a vowel. The centrals read down and across will name a fruit. SPHIX. 879. A town in Scotland; a female name; the inside; to join together; a female name.- Square Words. R. CtROSSLEY. 880. A vowel; a conjunction; sea-weed; an important island; what a person first does in card-playing; an abbreviation signifying what any person who finds thisout must give; a consonant. The centrals, read downwards and across, name a country which is ever foremost in all manly sports. The puzzle reads the same from top to bottom, as from side to side. COmo. 881. The lazy boy neglects his lessons. They went on the continent to spend their honeymoon. Did Edward win a prize? Esau sold his birthright for a mess of pottage. Without more ado Ned jumped into the water. We went on a visit to Derby.- Hidden Rivers. JOHN T. FAIeBANK. 882. A narrow road ; at a distance; a part of a church; a part of the face.-Square Words. JOHN T. FAnIRANK. 883. My first is a river in Italy; my second, transposed, is a spirit; my third an insect; and my whole means, sharp, satirical. JOHN T. FAIRBANK. 884. I consist of 17 letters. My 8, 7, 9 is a metal; my 1, 4, 17 is the whole; my 4, 5, 9, 11 is a thin rope : my 2, 4, 5, 6 is a tear; my 14, 15, 16, 3 is a famous plaything ; my 12, 10, 11 is a pronoun; my 18, 1, 6 is an animal ; and my whole was a tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND.