-e 4 -
.jb Onr(IaOt C ON'tl'RiT13rONS OttiY 'are required, and'jit be bedoiiphtlntd b!ly sme mald aditreks. Any Puzzle or CGharade received after this date, and Yotmnd to hate been copied from other publicatiohs, wrill not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the solution is pro- perly worked out. uniubered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 684. A boy's name. and if you change my head, A kind of fruit you'll have instead. SPHINX. 685. From what is pure, the centre delete, A Scottish regiment, I am complete. SPHINX. 6S6. My whole is not a white man, And if you the centre delete, And find the answer, it you can, For I am an emperor when complete. PIrisOX. '7. A consonant; an animal; a town in England ; a fish ; a fish ; i town in Lnelanml ; a river in Europe; a tree; a consonant.-Diamond Word. SrPiIINX. 688. A town in Turkey; a division of Aslntic Tnrkpy; a town in the U,,ted ctateu ; a irirodr part If l'er-i:; a mniuntsai, in Pale-tine; a tni l iln GC.rmi.iy. The in- itials of the above will give tih name uo a lirt i.h . eral. brll ,X. 689. A consonant; an animal ; a river in England; a poet in the centrals; a Christian name; a number; a con- sonant. SPHIrN. 690. A portion of time; an animal; a boy's name; a rela- tion; a cape in Africa; a tree; a battle; a fish ; a rascal (curtailed) ; an animal ; a Scotch town ; an ani- mal; a country in Europe (transposed) ; a boy's name ; an English town; a French town; a country in Asia (beheaded); a boy's name; a boy's name; a river in Eurole; an animal ; a purpose; a girl's name; a river in Ireland; a poet: a peninsula in North Americla (cur- tailed); weeds; natives of Ireland; a Roman emperor; a bird; a girl's name. The initials and finals read aright, A famous tale will bring to right. PIONEER. 691. If you change the head of a French town, To improve is left, you all will own. PIONEER. 692. A consonant; a river in England; a town in Scot- land; a bird ; a town in Cornwall; a metal ; a conso- nant. The centrals read across and down with care, A bird for you all it will prepare. PIONEER. 693. In a pack of cards, my first is seen; My next a near re;at in does mean; My third is a foreign title of ltuns And i,est is a fmsale Christian name; Tile centrals give a poet of renowu; And a metal for sixth put d wn; A female tame tlii will unfold; A breakfast relihh, and a number unfold. Rl. CRUsaLEY.