ýx xX ý fiat--
s (6mIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are reqtdred, nd5usSte icoinpanied bd name and iaddres.s Anry puzzle charad u rec.itead after this dqte, aed f. gud lq haps beeie S.ied O oUter publications, wtol not be isser(ed, and no c rp utsosnfriom thessqeperson sq 6ebe accepted. N1o puzzle oill be accepted unless the Solution is pro- rily worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must are FJUL answers sent with them. 70. A river in Asia ; a river in South America ; a river in rance; a river in Spain; a river in Afriqa ; a river in Wales; a river in England; a river in North America. Thi initials read downwards will name a town in Eng- land. . w. H. 71. My first is in flour, but noti n wheat; Ny second is in blanket, but not in sheet; My third is in feet, but not in foot i My fourth is in shoe,but not in boot; My fifth is mi gentle, but not in meek ; My whole is the name of a London street. f. W.H. 72. My first is in long, but not in short; My second is in pier, but not in port ; My third is in knock, but not in rap ; lMy fouri'th is in bonnet, but not in cap; My fifth is in ell, but not in yard; My sixth is in poet, but not in bard; If these letters you'll put aright, A beautiful bird will be brought to sight. JOiYN t IISLOP. 73. I'm a very useful utensil, In every dining room found ; Transpose me, then you've surely heard The sheep oft make this sound. Behead and curtail, fair reader, And a meadow now is shown. Transpose again, and now you'll see A well-known drink I'll own. Again I take my primal form, The central letter move, And now you have before you, What nearly all must love. Another letter take away, A pleasant drink, I ween. Move central and read backwards, A preposition now is seen. Again put down my primal form, Which you mlist please behead, And you, no doubt will clearly see, I now own power instead. Transpose me and I surely give A Christian name for man. Again transpose, and, doubtless, you A bundle now will scan.-Logogriph. S. CLAilttg. 74. My first is in gratis, but not in free; My second is in you, but not in me; My third is in some, but not in all; My fourth is in shout, but not in call ; My fifth is in heat, but nob in cold; My sixth is in dirt, but not in mould; Mly seventh is in light, but not in dark; My eighth is'in fire, but not in spark; My ninth is in tall, but not in long; My tenth is in Jabez, but not in Tom ; And my whole is a battle fought in 105. G. CrL1'FORD. 75. Myyfirst follows every day ; my next is the reverse of out; my third is sometimes experienced by sailors; and my whole is a wonderful bird. JoII DOUGLAS. 76. My first is in dear, but not in cheap; My second is in chimney, but not in sweep; My third is in chase, but not in hunt; My fourth is in skiff, but not in punt; My fifth is in head, but not in neck; My sixth is in mast, but not in dleok; My seventh is in real, but not in sham; My eighth in veal, but not in ham ; My ninth is in dress, but not in coat My tenth is in yacht, but not in boat; And my whole is an important person in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. F. II. WILLIAMS. 77. An island off the west coast of Scotland ; a town in ussia; a river in India; a river in West Australia; a towi in Germany; a town in Abyssinia; a town in India; a river in Italy; a river in the United States. The Initials and finals read downwards will give the surnames of two distinguished heroes we read of in the BOYs o0 ENGLAND (Re-issue). GEMINI. 78. Miy first is in cock, but not in hen ; Miy second is in man, but not in men; My third is in nose, but not in eyes; My fourth is in roars, but not in cries; My fifth is in warm, but not in cold; My sixth is in young, but not in old; My Whole is a bird much famed for song, TVhich sings delightfully all day long. JOUIN HISLOP.
A foreign bird; a schoolmaster ; a prqphet; a girl's name; a fruit; a part of thp liody. 'The' iitiale read doWnlvards will 'nae a large river in North Athpnca. I. H. W'iLtaIS. ANSWERS TO CRACKErS, No. 44. 42. Concord, Raleigh, Albany, Trenton, Sacramento. 43. Wildcap Will, Minnie Slade; \VilliaM, IllimanI, LondbN, DevoN, Chili, AnniN, PyreneeS, Wal- salL, IndianA, LeaD, LunE. 44. Devonshire: dove, shine, red. hide, end. 45. Mipnie Slade; maiden, nine, slain, dean. 46. The Young Apprentice; pig, rat, hare, tiger, pounce, Tyne. 47. Baltimore; ore, malt, boar, lie. 48. Dundee. 49. Instrument; trust, rent, sin, sir, stir, tin, mine, mire, tire, sure, net, inn, true, pinte, nist, tlie, 50. Austria, Algiers; AnnA, U'ra, SonG, Toll, RosE, Tset, AsS. 51. Skill, kill, ill. 52. 51I. 53. M1erida. 54. Willicap Will; pill, wall, lap, lip, cap, paw. 5i. lWildenp Will; Waltgr,Ire, Laudanum,lJdog, Cancer, Ass, Pump, Water, Iscope, Land, Lake. 5;. Jack HIarkaway. 57. Itobert Burns; Rome, Obi, Belfast, Edinburgh, Ross, Tipperary, Berlin, Uxbridge, Ribble, Nice, Seine. 58. Opal, onyx; Oli0, PlaN, AshY, LynX. 53. HALL ASIA L 1 iN LANE CO. FOIL I It o N LIENS 1C. PA LM AG UE LUTE AM E D) 62. Shamrock. 63. Giles Evergreen, or Fresh from the Country; Mun- ster, Ulster, Leinster, Inverness, Lincolin, Tyne, Firth, Forth, Ch-viot, George. 64. CheIlepham, Oxford, Oakham, Dpver. 65. Roddlf the Traitor; error, loaf, hot, teeth, hide, fold, tale. 66. Who shall be Leader; or, The Sghooldays of Frank and Hal; London, Anne, Herbert, Helry, Wales, lad, hot, lass, hat, lane, ass, cot, cat, frobk,horse, late, fan, Add . 67. Duke of Wellington ; leg, ton, fluke, win, wedding. 6,8. Pantomime Joe; pot, peat, mean, toe, jam, emit. 69. Christmas on a Whale; China, Leah, mason, hat, wan. ACCEPTED.-John Hislop, S. Clarke, G. Clifford. John Douglas, II. Williams, Gemini, C. E. K., W. Stuart, Ernest J. Combe, G. A. Lucket Dollar. H. Fuller, A. Turubull, A. E. Wood. F. Coningsby, A. E. Oxley, Here we Come Again, l'eter Davidson, W. F. Trinder, S. Martin, E. WV. South. DECLINED.-A. . . Bamford (you must rearrange your puzzle ; it is correct enough, but very confusedly written), W. Schroeder (rather too vague), A. Russell, Buster (not up to the mark), F. A. George (no detailed answers). SOLUrIONs RECEIVED.-W. E., W. J. Austen, G. A. Darker (No. 46 of Re-issue), John Canavan White (we do not publish the pamphlet you. require, but shall, at an early opporbunity, insert a few articles on the subject in the Ie-issue of te YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN.