I -for, si 1 W1 cL
*, ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONB ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and addiess.. Any.npuzzle or charade received after this date, and foined to have 'beencopied from other publications, eill enot be ineerted, and no further conlribution from the same person will be accepted. I a am word of 12letters. My 4, 5, 6 is part bs meat" y 9, '7,. 6 is a domestic animal; my 11, 10, 1 is to 'dbcay;; my " ll;7;' 6is a small animal; my 11, 10,12 is a sort ofstick; myr 2, 3, 8, 8 is a place'of tortuie ;my 8, 7, 6,(,3 1,1 iswanadjective; my 2, 8, 9;6, 10,11 is a nanfe; ny;4,;10 1 Ii, 6'is a stronghold; my 12, 10; 9, 6, 3,11 is a physicin ; my 2, 5, 6 is an article of clothing; my 12, 10, , isis evry book. My whole isthe name of an exciting tale. "A, J, FROST. II. 501 and Flora A:county in America 500 and 1Notes .,"A townin Belgium. 1000 and Ru A liquor. 150 and Faon A bird. 51 and Raage A country in Africa. 1 and Assur A country in Europe. The initials will name a county in Scotland. J. VICKERMAN. Ill. My first is in prinice, lit not in king; My second's in chant but not in sing.; My third's in art but not in science; My fourth's in war but not in defiance ; My fifth's in leap but not jump ;" My sixth's in well but not in pump; My seventh's in steam but not in water; My eighth's in son but not in daughter ; My ninth's in wine but not in sherry; My tenth's in boat but not in ferry; My eleventh's in river but not in pool; My twelfth's in liri but not in rule; My whole's an autlior of some fame, Can you, my reader, give his name ? ANNIE, T; GILBERT (Bayswater). IV. A town in Scotland; a goddess of mythology; a pro- vince of India i a beverage'; a-town in the west of England; a celebrated painter. The initials name a well-known animal, the finals the place it inhabits. ANNIE T. GILBERT (Bayswater). V. HIDDEN WARRIORS. -1. A smile on Ida's face repaid her. 2. The Rubicon decided Cssar's fate. 3. I advise you to have looks attached to yourboxes. 4. TheAmerican Consul landed at Dover. 5. The journey was safely per- formed. 6. Those Colonels once fought a duel. FLORENCE HEREPATII. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 84. I. Rob Roy Macgregor; Cam, George, May, Macao, grey, ram, rob, Moore. II. Rose, Shamrock and Thistle; Ohio, Ross, Lomond, India, Ontario, rose, kind, red, Milton, Asia, Rome, Sarah, carte. III. Balaclava and Inkermann; Beloo- chistaN, AudamaN, LemA, AssaM, CastlebaR, LadronE, AlnwicK, VirgiN, AltaI. IV. Success to the BOYS o ENGLAND, TheYoung Mechanic; TobiT, HarwicB, EyE, BraY, OportO, YoughaU, SkibbereeN, OG, Fearn- haM, EastbournE, NantwiC(h), GuiseborougH, LoughreA, AnnaN, Naomi, DownpatriC(k). V. Barnet, Hadlaw, Evesham, Tunstall, Upton-on-Severn, Worthing. VI. Jack Cade; JudaiC, AttilA, CoD, KitE. VII. Your boots. VIII. The letter O. IX. 345-534-453. X. The first has four angles, the second none. XI. Roast Beef and Plum Pudding; ram, Fenians, sailors, stars, Stopford, Seringa- patam, Seine, Didraeli, deer, Malta, bun, nut. NOTICE TO OUR CONTRIBUTORS. To save contributors the trouble of writing respecting the non- insertion of their puzzles, we shall, infuture, adopt the plan of naming the month during which those under consideration wer ereceived. The followzng list of " Accepted" and " De- clined" is a portion of those received during the month of MARCsH, 1868. ACCEPTED. -Joe Breeze, Thomas Gantlett, C. A. Kirkby, B. Marchanton, R. Morton, S. G.,C'. W. Booth, J. B. Davies, W. H. Angell, Agnes Miles, B. Weston, J. W. Tickel, R. W. Glasspole, Henry'E. Parker, B. G., G. Bar- wick, Samuel C. W. Wilmot, Florence Herepath, C. Walden, Gawkey, J. Read,'Mark Rushton (very excellent writing),l. Woollett, J. D., A. C., G. Tovey, W .E. L., W. Tyrrell (all very good). A Citlizn, F. W. Horner, William H. Randall, Paddy from Corik, Joseph' E.'Bell, 0: P. Gilbert, Cora, F. B. Mason, Thomas T: Vaughan. DEOLINED.-J3. Fairburn'(wrongly spelt), Young Enge land: (the same in different words has. been already in, serted), A. Jones (not original), J. Barnes (no answer), E. Johnson, A. Austin (already inserted), .Sam Taming, A. S. N. Douglas (very old), Don Pablo, 'John Gaudin, W. B' Thornburn "(judging from the spelling we cannot help fancying that you have copied the puzzle), A Loyal Sub- ject (no aniwgers), Alfred Letcham '(already inserted), J. H Martinidale (of . local interest only), J. R: Virtue, Frank Blearkley '(too hard; and of no interest when solved), A. Norweb, (no answer), A. Stewart (no detailed answers) Isaac Murletonn Rlbert George' (no answers), E. England., SOLUTIONS RECEiVED.--John Kemp, C. A. Bussell, William Gibbon, O,.Stubbings, T. Barker, E. G. W., ad John Warops. . ,., PIRAY. is thanked fox .pointing out the fraud. It is impossible to deteot all, thotgh we have thrown out many bad cases. ,We must rely greatly" on the honour of our ositributorAi;'fr it is manifestly absurd to tlieagide that we bould resad an4 re22hmber every 'charade puiblislhed.
TO OUR READERS. MosT people feel an honest pride in success-it is right they should so feel-and we, without egotism or presumption, may proclaim the fact that this Journal has been successful beyond our first expectations. This, of course, has not been accomplished without much earnest and anxious labour; but as that labour was devoted to the service of those who are some day to rule the destinies of England, we persevered. First of all we secured the support of, the Boys and Young Men of thik great empire; then fol- lowed the approbation of their parents. This was a great thing to gain, but having gained it, we boldly challenged the opinions of the public press of this country, and some of the opinions gained have been already presented to our readers. We now present an extract from one of the most widely circulated newspapers in London, and one which has at all times spoken against all that is bad or useless in literature. THE FOLLOWING IS FROM THE MORNING ADVERTISER, OF SATURDAY, JUNE 20TH:- " The Boys of England : a Young Gentleman's Journal of Sport, Sensation, Fun, and In- struction. Conducted by EDWIN J. BRETT. Volume II.-London. June, 1868. We have examined the handsome volume for- warded to us by Mr. Brett. With the deduction of one or two of the ' sensation' stories, which are neither better nor worse than the tales in far higher-priced periodicals, we must confess the Boys orS ENGLAND is a careful, well-edited miscel- lany, and we will let the editor speak for himself by quoting a few paragraphs from his ' Address.' In this Mr. Brett says:- "' We wish you to receive this journal as one in- tended expressly for your amusement; and it gives us great satisfaction to imagine you returning from school, from the office, the workroom, or the shop, and taking up your weekly number of the "Boys " to soothe and enliven your " care-tired thoughts." Still, you must never forget that you are intelligent beings, born in this age of advanced progress, and that even your amusements should be rational and in good taste. Read carefully, select and retain all that is worth remembering, criticise the work, communicate 'boldly and candidly your opinion of it, and send us your poems, tales, essays, and other productions of your pen. "' Boys of England, in these days of cheap educa- tion, cheap standard literature, of cadet volunteer corps, cricket-clubs, and gymnasia; in these days when, even with unaided self-help and perseverance, you may achieve such wonders, it is your own fault if you do not grow up wise and strong men. Scorn aping "manishness;" revel in your boyhood, and enjoy it while it lasts; but above all cultivate true manliness of mind and body; learn to think, speak, and write, learn to swim, jump, and run, despise skulkion laziness, and face hard study and hard hand-labour. "' Remember, Bunyan, the author of Pilgrim's Pro- gress, was the son of a travelling tinker, and for many years worked at his trade; Telford, the designer of the Menai Bridge, was first a shepherd boy; Ser- guson, the great astronomer, the son of a labouring man in Scotland; Burns, the true poet, a plough- man; George Stephenson, a cow-boy on twopence per day wages; Captain Cook, the son of an agri- cultural labourer; Milton, the immortal, the son of a small scrivener; Columbus, a sailor of humble birth. With these bright examples before you, brave Boys, let your motto ever be "Excelsior ;"-onwards and upwards I In a word, be, in fact, what you are so proudly in name-true, brave Boys of England.' "The getting up of the publication, the Boys or ENGLAND, generally, reflects credit on the Editor and printer. The woodcuts are numerous and well-drawn, and the publication well got up in its minor and mechanical details." In these days of stern criticism, when reviewers are so inflexible in the performance of their duties, we feel honoured by being spoken of in such terms by a paper so noted for impartiality as the MORNING ADVERTISER, and our readers may be assured that the praise we receive from them, their parents, their tutors, and the public press of the country, will induce us to strain every nerve to render our future productions far superior tothose of the past. E. J. B.