frncrýrr f~or thre 3ngeninons.
*4* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no Jurtherecontribution from the same peron.woill be accepted. No Puzzles will be accepted unless the Solutions are!pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 219. Smooth silk stuff ; armour for the neck and breast; sharp; a set of drawers; stupid; ecstasy; publictly known; to arm; the art of printing. Initials and finals read downwards will name a splendid tale in OURt BOYS' JouRNAL. LEWIS FnEEbDsIAN. 220. The windpipe; an instrument of music; to snare; the outside ; a bishop's cap ; embezilement; fascina- tion ; a Jewish doctor ; relating to the eye ; a stratagem of war. Initials and finals read downwards will name a tale in OUlt BOYS' JOURNAL. LawIS FREEDMAN. 221. A confederacy; by surprise; a Hottentot hut (cur- tailed); a kind of bird; a noise; a frank deolaration ; a river in North America; a drinking vessel; to corrode; a chemical vessel, Initials and finals read downwards will name two characters in " Wildcap Will." LEWIS FREEDMAN. 222. A towel ; field of blood; silent; province of France (beheaded); an abscess; an engine for throwing stones; oblique; Italian for street beggars; intemperance; a reptile. Initials read downwards will name a character in " Wildcap Will," and the finals will name his pro- session. LEWIS FREEDMAN. 223. My first is in pony, but not in horse; My next isin mouth, but not in source; My third is in orten, but not in rare ; My fourth is in nett, but not in tare; My fifth is in no, but not in yes ; My next is in gown, but not in dress; My seventh is in rally, but notin fly; My eighth is in ear, but not in eye; My ninth is in Peter, but not in John; And lastis in Harry, but not in Tom; Now please to guess these letters right, And a curious instrument will come to light. 2 HARLES STUCKs. 224. My first is in feather, but.not in plame ; My second is in shade, butcnot in gloom; My third is in aries, but not in ram; My fourthis in raspberry, but not in yam; My fifth is in volcano. but not in hill ; My sixth is in beak, but not in bill ; My seventh is in superb, but not in grand; My eilhth is in beach, but not in strand; My ninth is in sing, but not in dance; My tenth is in spear, but not in lance ; My eleventh is in lass, but not in girl; My twelfth is in viscount, but not in earl; My thirteenth is in gemini, but not in twins; My fourteenth is in troughs, but not in bins; My fifteenth is in muffin, but not in cake; My sixteenth is in inlet, but not in lake; My seventeenth is in thigh, but not in loin; My eighteenth is in money, but not in coin; My nineteenth is in easel, but not in frame; My twentieth is in censure, but not in blame; My twenty-first is in relish, but not in taste; My twenty-second is in pottery, but not. in paste; My twenty-third is in broil, but not in frizz ; My twenty-fourth is in puzzle, but not in quiz ; My twenty-fifth is in pistol, but not in gun; My twenty-sixth is in tart, but not in bun ; My twenty-seventh is in eight, but notin nine; My twenty-eighth is in Thames, but not in Tyne.; M twenty-ninth is in hero, but not in knight; Mythirtieth is in raven, but not in kite ; ythiriyfirst is in bide, but not in seek; Mythirty-second is in dovelike, but.not in meeth; M' thirty-third is in knife, but not in fork; y;thitty.-fourth is in conversation, but notimrtli;,. Mythirtyfifth is in spirit, but not in gnome; My;thlirty-sixth is in volume, but not in tome; My:thirty-seventh is in porter, but not in ale; My tliutity-eighth is in bucket, but not in pail ; Mythitylninth is in grouse, but not in turkey; Myft'ttfeth.isin.gloomy, but not.in ursky; My fotytfltst! ielvproflt, but not in gain; My forty secondliisrod, but not in cane; My forty-thirduis-itrni ine, but not in brandy ; My forty-fourth is in coxcomb, but not in dandy; My forty-fifth is in milk, but not in cream; My.fartyasixth is in barbel, but not in bream;. My forty-seventh is in grin, but not in leer; My forty-eighth is in magician, but not in seer; My forty-ninth is in puncheon, but not in cask; My fiftieth is in bottle, but not in flask; My fifty-first is in shaft, but not in arrow; My fifty-second is in chaise, but not in barrow; My fifty-third is in January, but not in June; My fifty-fourth is in harmony, but not in tune; My fifty-fifth is in currant, but not in prune. My whole when read aright by you, Will bring a Journal tale to view. LEWIS FREEDMAN, ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 656. 217. Three English Boys in Japan; Thomas, Horde, Ravenna, Emily, Elder, Earl, Nectarine, Gilder, Leopard, Ideal, Specie, Hectic, Bavin, Optic, Yardarm, Stork, Imagine, Nimble, Jovial, Advise, Phalanx, Almond, Numerical, 218. Tom Floremall's Schooldays.