(fxarlrrr; for flit 31glyiamt.
*"* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle woill be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 748. Transpose worry, and get a contest: asweet fruit, and get a sour fruit; a male name, and get a lair; again, and eet conclusion; a metal, and get a wood; a male name, and get badness ; again, and get an article worn by ladies; again, and get bad; again, and get what we all do before we die. FRANK A. MURTIIA. 749. A consonant; the summit; stories; an officer; a part; to witness ; a consonant.-Diamond Puzzle. FRAsNK A. MIRTHIA. 750. My first is in silver, but not in gold ; My second is in yes, but not in no; My third is in day, but not in night; My fourth is in pig, but not in pork; My fifth is in bay, but not in gulf ; My sixth is in ruby, but not in opal; lMy seventh is in near, but not in far; My eighth is in Peter, but not in John; My ninth is in black, but not in white; My tenth is in vessel, but not in ship ; My eleventh is in town, but not in city; And my whole is a tale by Sir Walter Scott. A. C. 751. My first is in new, but not in old; My second is in verb, but not in noun; My third is in day, but not in night; My fourth is in Judy, but not in Punch; My fifth is in girl, but not in boy; My sixth is in stone, but not in brick; My seventh is in English, but not in Scotch; lMy eighth is in black, but not in white; My ninth is in men, but not in man; My tenth is in ale, but not in beer; My eleventh is in gold, but not in brass; My twelfth is in story, but not in tale; My whole is a popular magazine. , C. 752. fMy first is in slate, but not in book ; fly second is in behold, but not in look; My third is in England, but not in Prussia ; My fourth is in Boston, but not in Russia; fMy fifth is in hark. but not in listen 3ly sixth is in Rewah, but not in Cochin : My seventh is in Bengal, but not in Bombay; lMy eighth is in debt, but not in pay; AMy ninth is in Madras, but not in Kuttack; My tenth is in Kuttack, but not in Attock; ly eleventh is in none, but not in some; Ily twelfth is in away, but not in home ; Sly thirteenth is in Walter, but not in John ; My fourteenth is in last, but not in won ; MIy fifteenth is in yes, my sixteenth is the same ; And my whole is a tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. JOHN HICKMAN. 753. I consist of 20 letters. My 2,. 8, 14, 15 is to mutilate; my 2,10, 13,, 43 is to raise ; my 19,13, 5, 7 is an appendage; my 20, 13, 6, 6, 8, 17 is a great historian ; my 17, 18, 16, 19 is a vapour; and my whole is a famous song. W. BRODIE. 754. I consist of 11 letters. My 3. 2, 11 is a part of the body; my 2, 6, 7, 8 is to cause to sound; my 4, 10, 6, 11 is to hurt; my 2, 10, 4 is an animal ; my 1,5, 6, 7, 8 is to upbraid; and my whole is a town in England. W. BRODIE. 755. The second letter of the alphabet; a tame animal; a boy's name; a character in a tale in the BoYS OF ENG- LAND ; to cook meat over a fire: a small insect; and the ninth letter of the alphabet. The centrals will show a character in a tale in the Boys op ENGLAND.-Diamond Puzzle. J. BRADNEY. 756. I consist of 4 words and 23 letters. My 1,22, 2, 20. 21, 22, 23 denote peculiarity ; my 2, 3, 4, 5 is an old instrument of torture; my 15, 10. 12, 3 is a letter of the Greek alphabet; my 6, 11, 14 is a word meaning before: and my whole is frequently seen in the pages of the BOYS OF ENGLAND. EDGAR H. EASTMAN. 757. lMy first is in love, but not in hate; Mly second is in wife, but not in mate; My third is in garment, but not in vest; My fourth is in herald, but not in crest; My fifth is in Thomas, but not in Jane ; Pty sixth is in hail, but not in rain: My seventh is in hen, but not in cock; My eighth is in dial, but not in clock ; AMy ninth is in rogue, but not in thief ; My tenth is in mutton, but not in beef ; In the YOUNG MEN OF GRIEAT BRITAI. g~y whole pray look round. When the surname of a hero will quickly be anna. EDGAR H. EASTMIAN.
768. A consonant; a knot ; dregs or sediment ; a Greek poet ; a noted estate in Hampshire; the chief commander of a regiment; a sea plant; a medical phrase; a vowel. The centrals read downwards and across give a late celebrated trial T. FITZPATRICK. 759. My first is in Henry, but not in Jim; My next is in Thomas, but not in Tim ; My third is in umber, but not in white; My fourth is in blister, but not in bite; My fifth is in Homer, but not in Greek; My sixth is in Monday, but not in week; My seventh is in envy, but not in wish; My eighth is in platter, but not in dish ; My ninth is in brandy, but not in ale; In the BOYS OF ENGLAND my whole's a tale. W. F. TRINDER. 760. I consist of 3 words, 13 letters. My 7, 12,13, 10, 3 is to call forth: my 2, 11, 1 is a covering for the head; my 9, 11, 8, 6 is to heat; my 5, 11, 4 is a torn piece of cloth ; my whole is a most en- grossing tale in the YOUNG MEN OP GREAT BRITAIN. W. F. TRINDER. 761. My first is a patriarch, my second is half a letter, and my whole is a lonely village. H. A. WHITE. 762. My first is a lady, my second a nobleman, and my whole a blunder, H. A. WHITE. 768. My first a definite article Will be shown unto you; It's almost the first lesson you get When grammar is given you to do. My second you will find is a number, Which, when two men are raised to ire, And a duel with pistols they fight, Is generally the time for to fire. My third you are loth to do When trespassing you have been, And the man coming after you, With a whip in his hand, is seen. My fourth and last is a consonant, That I may as well tell to you; My whole a tale in the BOYs OF ENGLAND, I now give for you to do. A. F. RICHARDSON. 764. My first is opposite to east- That you will find is true; My second, if you get any nice tarts to eat, You want-that is, if you only get a few ; My third, and last, is what All farmers do possess; My whole is a county in England, Now let me see who can guess. A. F. RICIIARDSON. 765. A bird of the crow family ; a vowel ; a drawing in a. comic paper ; a bird of prey ; one of the principal cha. racters of a pantomime : a mineral salt of very unplea- sant taste; a beautiful flower; an article of dress of the Highlander ; one of the suite of an ambassador; a vehi- cle on four wheels for heavy loads; an article; a sailor's story. The initials read downwards will give the Chris- tian and surname of a hero of a tale in the BoYs OF ENGLAND. E. H. EASTMAN. 766. A consonant; to help; a mark of distinction: to pro- nounce to be wrong ; a weapon anciently used in battle; to draw an outline of a thing; a town in the north of England; a foretaste; to step between; to embrace to the bosom; sense of feeling; the life of an animal or other being; a consonant. The centrals will give one of the most thriving towns in the north of England. 1R. T. ROBINSON. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 406. 739. Reindeer, Antelope: RosettA, EnnslkilleN, Immon. stadT, NashvillE, DonegaL, EssequibO, Eaves. droP, RamsgatE. 740. Chamois, Gazelle ; CherbourG, HimalayA, Auster. litZ. MartiniquE, OverysseL, InistrahulL, Singa. porE. 741. Seringapatam. S EEM RoNDA INCAURT' N un I A GAP A 742. Ruby. Bury. 743. Scream, cream, Acre, race, ace, care, car, are. 744. A-nag-ram ; anagram. 745. Pantomime Joe; TriPoli, OntArio, OldeNburg, EupaToria. DahOmey, GorMany. Loire, Mar- Mara, PalErmo, DiJon, ColOmbo, TippErary. 7.6. S SUE sALTrs SULPHUR SUN R 747. PLEASE LARDER ERRATA ADAPTS 8 ETTLE ERASER-