1(tkso fir WTC Ljnljmxirflff.
** ORIOGINa :ONTRIBUTIONs ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. A4ny.pustle or charade receired after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no faurther contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solutions are properly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FU .L answers .ent with them. Accepted puzzles will also be found in the YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN. 30. My first is in small, but not in great; i1y second is in stop, but not in wait; 31 thi:rl is in house, but not in s,,t le; My fourth is in ship, but not in callt; My fifth is in ribbon, hut not in lace; IMy sixth is in nose, bat not in face; My seventh is in steady, but nort in swift; And my eighth is in valley, but not in cliff. The name of a flower you will here sild, Ift the proper letters are combined. WILLIAM SIMMONS. 31. Whole I am an animal; beheaded and transposed I am a flower ; again transposed I am bad; beheaded again and transposed part of a fish will be seen. OLIVER WELLS AND EDWARD HUGHIES. 82. I consist of 15 letters. My 7, 6, 12 is a beoy's name : my 15, 2,11,15 is the end; my 3, 14, 4 is used in fishing; my 1, 8, 12 is an eatable; my 9, 13,8, 4 is a c in; my 5, 14, 3 is a fowl, and my whole is a tale in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. OLIVER WELLS AND SEYMOUR STROUD. 38. My first is in bread, but not in meat; My second is in road, but not in street; My third is in Surrey, but not in Kent; My fourth is in borrowed, but not in lent; My fifth is in bullock, but not in sheep; My sixth is in shallow, but not in deep; My seventh is in king, but not in queen; My eighth is in seeing, but not in seen; And my whole is a French general. W. T. BENNEr'T. 34. My first is in crumbs, but not in bread ; My second is in cotton, but not in thread; My third is in veal, but not in ham; My fourth is in cake, but not in jam; My fifth is in night, but not in day; My sixth is in August, but not in May; My seventh is in garden, but not in flower; My eighth is in grapes, but not in tower; My ninth is in rain, but not in fine: My tenth is in red, but not in white: My eleventh is in eels, but not in caught; My twelfth is in mind, but not in thought. My whole you will find is a theatre. R. EBSWORTH. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 281. 19. Black Hagar. 20. Young Meni of Great Britain. 21. (Iash. shag, hag, ash. 22. Roberto the Brigand ; dog, trot, hen, rhbhit, rid. 2:1 .Ia of Arc. Mrs. Rousoy: JaM, Or:t1 A, NeaR, OratoriO. FarnoU(s), Arms, RiB, CanarY. 24. The letter Y. 25. The Ghostof Paul Priestley; part, foot, easy, Hull, pig, hoe, she. 26. Life in a Circus; fife, cane, final, fear, niece, fun, circle. 27. Barnet. Naseby; BurdeN, ArabiA, RepasS, NilE, ElkaB. TurkeY. 28. iRamsgate. 29. Under the Old Oak Tree; rook, eel, don, heart, tun. deal.