( rs for jre 3jnri ubu.
*'* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompan ied by name and address. Any Puzzle or Charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the tolution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 728. A river in Scotland; a river in France; a river in Ireland; a river in Scotland; a river in England. The initials read downwards wi:l name a river in England. MICHAEL GUTHRIE. 729. My first is in bacon, but not in egg; My second is in chest, but not in leg; My third is in finger, but not in thumb; My fourth is in liver, but not in lung; My fifth isin baker, but not in bui ; My sixth is in twenty, but not in one; A character in " Young Jack Harkaway" My whole to you will then display. W. F. TRINDER. 710. I consist of 16 letters. My 6,11,9, 13 is a river in Englanrd; my 3, 6, 11, 2, 7 is a bird of prey; my 1, 6, 3, 8 is a market; my 8, 2, 86 is a plant; my 13, 14, 8, 5 is a river in Scotland; my 14, 3, 9, 7 is a metal; my 4, 9, 8 is a hut; my 10, 12, I6, 8 is a part of your body ; my 15, 6, 8 is an animal; my 7, 14, 1:3, 2 is a number; and my whole is one of Shakespeare's plays. MICHAEL GUTHRIE. 731. My first is in frost, but not in ice ; My second in mouso, but not in mice; My third is in horse, but not in colt; MIy fourth is in lock, but not in bolt; My fifth is in steer, but not in row; My whole is a character in "Pantomime Joe." H. HUGHES. 732. My first is in stone, but not in rock; My second is in stocking, but not in sock; My third is in wind, but not in mill ; My fourth is in bank, but not in hill ; My fifth is in chase, but not in hunt; My sixth is in year, but not in month; My whole is a character in " Young Jack Harkaway." H. HUGHES. 733. My first is a thing we all have; my second is to revile ; my third is one who talks; my fourth is to make known; my fifth is without sound. The initials and finals will name a tale in the YOUNG MEN OF GREAT BRITAIN RE-ISSUE. H. HUGHES. 734. My first is in candle, but not in light; My second is in bark, but not in bite; My third is in brooch, but not in ring; My fourth is in queen, but not in king; My fifth is in jump, but not in leap; My sixth is in lamb. but not in sheep; My seventh is in brown, but not in white; My eighth is in dark, but notin bright; My whole is a character in "Jack-o'-the-Cadgel." H. HUGHES.