Trackerss Pr the &,geniotzs.
*+* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address,. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and foundzto have been copied from other publications, will not:be:inserted, and no further contribution, from the same erspstnsill be accepted. No Puzzles, will be accepted unless the Squt(oisss are pro- perly worked out. Numbered. Cher adesiipasric4alar must have FULL aenser sent with thesi. Mygfirstdisin Thp asgeetkot inSJohn; My.secondis inshotbi xt-gno. in long; My third-istin IVe.uih bui.not in Spain; My fourth:is inBima, .and also in Jane; My fifth:isrin plover, butnot in.quail; My sixth is in rudder, but.not in sail; My seventh isin corn, butnot in wheat.;. My eighth is in garden, but not in stieti; My ninth is in oval, but-not in i*xaroa; My tenth is in lion, but not in bear-; My eleventh is in small, but not in large; My twelfth is in ship, but not in barge; My thi:teenth is in blue, but not in ret ; My fourteenth is in pillow, but not in bed; My fifteenth is in young, but not in ol( ; lIMy sisteenth is in sheep, but not in fold; My seventeenth is in five, but not in three; My eighteenth isis ocean, but not in sea; My nineteenth is in June, but not in May; My twentieth is in foam, but not in spray ; My twenty-first is in jump, but not in run ; My twenty-second is in cannon, but not in gun ; My twenty-third and last you ll find in colonel; My whole is a tale in uUlt BUYS' JOURNAL. HENlIY V. BAslWELL. 226. (1.) Rtueyk. (2.) Suiars. (3.) Cerege. (l.) Pasni. (b0) ]tnfcae. ,6 ) Magreyn. (7.) Lahdoln. (S.) Urtias. -Transposed countries in Europe. HiesNRY V. BARWELL. 227. A curious animal is my whole, But please to change my head, An article of clothing, Will then be seen instead; Change head again, and then I ween, A domestic animal will be seen; Again change head and you will see, Another animal this will be ; Ieverse this word and you will find, A sailor it will bring to mind ; Transpose, and if 'tis done with care, Science the answer will declare. HENRY V. BARW1ELL. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 669. 219. The Cornet and the Spy; TaffetA, HabergeoN, f EdgeD, CabineT, Oansll, ItapturE, NotoriouS EquiP, TypogiaphY. 220. The Emperor Apprentice; TracheA, HarP, En- traP, ExterioR, MitrE, PeculatioN, Enchant- menT, Rabbi, UphthalnusU, ltuso dt Guerrel. 221. Luke ilammier, Eeau Blight; LeaguE, UnawareS, KraA(1), EmU, Hubbud, AvowaL, MississippI,- MuG, EtclH, RetorT. 222. Nat Nubbles, naturalist; Napkin, AceldamA, TaciT, (a)NjoU, Ulcelt, BallistA, BeveL, Lazza- tonI, ExcesS, SerpenT. 223.-Phonograph. S224.--"The Scapegrace of the School; or, the Adven- tures of Dick Lightheart."