(Sxaxrunu for 1 j J1g aUawr; .
,s' ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanied by name and address. Any Puzzle or Charade received after this dale, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must hare FULL answers sent with them. 849. My first is in eel, but not in fish ; liy second's in plate, but not in dish; MLy third is in leave, but not in stay ; l1ly fourth is in happy, but not in gay; My fifth is in heaven, but not in earth ; My sixth is in Iial, but not in Bert; My seventh is in aunt, but not in mother; My eighth is in sister, but not in brother; My whole is a very strong animal. E. A. MARTIN. 850. One-third of bud, One-third of mud, And now one-fifth of brown; One-fourth of soil, One-fourth of toil, And then one-fif:h of crown. Tnese letters, read aright by you, Will bring an Irish town to view. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE. 851. One-fourth of swan ; a domestic animal; a fire-iron; an English here; an English town ; a place in India; AIn English river; a beverage; a consonant. The centrals read downwards and across will name two English towns. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE. 852. A kind of mist, if you change its head, An animal you will have instead; Exchange again, and you will see. Another one I then shall be; Change once more, and then you'll find A piece of wood will come to mind. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE. 853. In nail my first I think you'll find; Next a tree please bring to mind; A delicious fruit is this, I ween A very high title now is seen; A character in this journal, I wis; A foreign country you'll find this is; A weapon used when soldiers fight; Another tree for eighth indite, To form this diamond quite complete; Then add for last one-fourth of heat. If you read the centrals completely through, A famous old hero will come to view Who has appeared in these pages nmaly a long day In the famous story of " Jack Harkaway." C. A. W. ELDRIDGE.