1ý xfcrý tax ire iigtninttuo
*,* ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS ONLY are required, and must be accompaniedby name and address. Any puzzle or charade received after this date, and found to have been copied from other publications, will not be inserted, and no further contribution from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solu:ion is pro- perly worked out. Numbered Charades in particular must have FULL answers sent with them. 288. My first is in cat, but not in dog; My second is in field, bft nbtn'g .; My third is in finger, butftid n thu ttb; My fourth is in cider, but~'itin'rtuii; My fifth is in lane.'btiffttiiway; My sixth is in week, but uit ih day ;. My seventh is4n whisky, +ut not in ;sNhrv'; My eighthbfs in Will -b tkot in Jerrys My nirtthls in gold, .bl6ib0ti4n brass ;s Myttenth is ifi8tonkahist not in ass ;? Mly eleventh is't b(ck$but not in hill ;. My whole is a ch' cter in " W ildcap WIFl." iT: W. B. 289. My first is in straw, but not inliay; My second is in night, but nadtl3 day; My third is-In ball, but notIndat ; S My fourth is in dog, hub nbt iid cat, My fifth is in cheese, bdti Wti br d; My sixth is in slate, alioield ; My seventh is in jump, bltot in'dance ; Mly eighth is in Walbk tiriot ii8 rance; My ninth is in milk, but not in cream ; My tenth'isin Ipool, bnutnot in stream; My eleve~lliiis-in leg, but not in hand; My whol~ a name in the BOYS OF ENGLAND. JOHN WILKINS. 290. Three men, A, B, and C, set out on a journey of 1S0 miles. A walks 4 miles to B's 3, B walks 5 miles to C's 4, and supposing A to walk 6 miles per hour, 10 hours per day, at what rate did B and O walk per hour? Also, what time did B start before A, and C before B, suppos- ing they all reach the end at the same time ? WILLIAM GUTTERIDGE. 291. A man bought 7 chests of teas of different qualities, each chest weighing 24 pounds ; 4 chests were best green tea, and sold at 5s. per pound; 2 chests were best black tea, which was sold at 3s. 4d. per pound ; 1 chest being small black, generally known as tea-dust, and sold at Is. 8(1. per pound. He mixed the whle together, and sold it at 4s. 2d. per pound. What did he gain per cwt. by the mixture? WILLIAM GUTTEP.IDGE.