1a8afw~r ~tkoa
**' OIGrINAT CONTRIBUTaONS ONLY are required, and must be accompanie4 by name and address. Any puzzle or charadi received after this date, and found, to have been copied from other publications, will disqualify the sender from any future insertions in these columns. [The return of the long evenings seems to have stirred up the industry of the contributors to this colnumn. To save them useless labour, we beg they will each send one puzzle only. For with a continually-incresing stock, the chances of insertion of a greater number will be very remote.] ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. I. A gentleman left £1,000 pounds to be divided between his three sons. Richard was to have £139 less than George, William £340 more than George. What did each receive? AMICUS PIUERIS BRITANNIE. II. A B and C have £660 to divide between them; for every £1 A gets B;gets twice as much, and C gets three times as much as A. and B. together. What will each have? A. LOVE. ENIGMAS. I'm found in a pool, but not in a river ; I'm found in poverty, but not in the giver; I'm found in the forest, but not in the fields; I'm found in the coward, but not when he yields; I'm found in fortune, but not in fame ; I'm found in victory, but not in gain; I'm found in the fog, but not in the mist ; I'm found in the actor, but not when he's hissed ; I'm found in the robber, but not when he steals ; I'm found in the wound, but not when it heals; I'm found in the widow, but not when she weeps; I'm found in all homes, but not in the streets; I'm found in joy, but still not in mirth; I'm found in the ground, but not in the earth ; I'm found in the-fool, but not in the wise; I'm found in a bOy, but not when he cries ; I'm found in the stubborn, but not in a mule ; I'm found in a compass, but not in a rule; I'm found in a foe, but not in a friend ; I'm found in a rope, but not in the end ; I'm found in a noun, but not in a verb ; I'm found in the root, but not in a herb; I'm found in a box, but not when it's shut ; I'm found in a cot, but not in a hut; I'm found in trouble, but still not in pain; I'm found in the snow, but not in the rain. Now, reader, if you have not found me, Get inside a circle, and there you'll find me. W. TYRRELL. II. My first is in jackdaw, but not in a crow; My second is in play, but not in a show; My third is in blame, but is not in fault : My fourth is in ale, but is not in all malt; My fifth is in sawyer, but is not in tailor; Bly sixth is in watchmaker, but is not in nailer; My seventh is in apple and also in pear ; My eighth is in trouble, but not in any care ; My ninth is in tinker, who makes all he can; My whsle is the name of an eminent man. P. II IE (Dublin). DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A republic of America ; a native of India; a burning application; a town in Russia ; a drink; a child : a bird; a musical instrument; the god of riches ; a very venomous serpent; arelation ; to recede ; a Jewish doctor; a planet. The initials and finals of the above read downwards will give the titles of two well-known hooks. CHIARLES F. ANDREWS. CHARADES. I. My first is the name of a man; my second is a weight; and my whole is a town in North America. A. STEWART. II. My first assuages the appetite of a horse, and agonizes the foot of a man; my second, when made of brick, is good; when of stone, better, and,as the seaman would say, when wooden, is best of all; and my whole is famous for its-(but hold I we must take charade upon charade here). Take the principal produce of China; a letter representing a part of the body that's generally blue, but as frequently brown or grey; and a useful domestic bird, or rather, one letter which, in pronunciation, resembles this word, and they will show for what my whole is famous. S. C. W. NUMBERED CHARADE. I am a word of seven letters. My 1, 6, is a preposition; my 2, 3, 7, is a colour; my 7, 5, 4, 3, is a valley; my 7, 1, 2, is noise ; my 4, 1, 7, is a cover; my 4, 5, 7, is a youth; my 2, 5, 6, is what our enemies do ; and my whole is a country, G. CLARK. SQUARE WORDS. r. A place where races are held every year ; a balance; a room in a ship; a fruit the emblem of peace ; a word mean- ing position. BRENcIrLEY COOPER GUY. II. My first is the contraction of a boy's name: my second is between afternoon and night; and my third is a beast's lair. H. W.
REBUSES. A country of Europe; a part of the body; a kind of grain ; a kind of cuttle-fish ; a small Roman coin ; a game ; a small town in Transylvania, in Austria, near Hungary. Take the first letter bs the first word, the second of the second, the third of the third, and so on, and read them downwards, and they will give the name of a poet. SAMUEL C. WILMOT. II. Name given to a large piece of wood; a fruit; the name of an Emperor of Rome; a thing seen every day; four- fifths of a town in Ireland; part of the Crystal Palace; name of a bird ; a word used when calling anybody; one of the months of the year; surname of a noted Swiss; something used in our law courts occasionally; 'a girl's name; a letter used instead of and; name of a county; a composer of music ; the name of one of our men of war; a girl's name; a destructive animal. The initials read downwards will give the name of a popular song, and the finals read the same way will give the name of the writer and composer. WiLLAI GARNsaAE. III. My first is a strong pulsation; my second is a fixed point of time; my third is a worshipper of idols; my fourth is a colour; my fifth is what the Fenians were; my sixth is where money is coined; my seventh is a drama set to music ; my eighth is a preposition ; my ninth is a place for money; my tenth is a carriage for conveying the dead. The initials and finals read downwards will give the names of two towns in England. HARRY FISHER. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. A town in Italy; a town in Germany; a town in Scot- land; a lake in North America; a county in Wales; a river in Asia. The initials read downwards give the name of a country of classic celebrity; the finals that of its capital. C. E. A. COLEMAN. HISTORICAL QUESTIONS. 1. In whose reign was the title of Baronet first used, and for what purpose ? 2. What king of Enland could neither speak nor write English ? 3. In whose reign was the title of Duke first used, and on whom was it first conferred ? P. RIEB (Dublin). DECAPITATIONS. I. Whole, I am a rivulet ; helical me, and I am a bird. II. Whole. I am an animal; behead me. and I am a cardinal point. HOPE COTTAGE. ANAGRA3MS. 1. Lead me on; 2. Man is cheer'd; 3. Fine mats; 4. Men love lace; 5. Nice resin; U. Tom is in late. CHARLES J. ANDREWS. CRYPTOGRAPH. ,Th mzfydsk naz Jthb tl Zskxfsy, htg rdxx dpqmtgz ds adbntmh f-y fxx fnaxzunli bgtmnb. HARRY FISHER. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 49. AnRITIIETICAL QUESTION.-The numbers are 30, 20, and 10. ARITII.OREM.L- ing HIenry.the Fifth; the Battle of Agincourt. KelaT, IlchesteR, NassaU, GrodnO, HarmoniC, Elsdon, Niznl, ReadinG, YedogawA, TurrifP, Hoang-hO, EcelestonE, FayaL, ImplemenT, FlinT, TariffA, HoreB. REnuts.-Strongbow, Delawares; SeconD, TurnpikE, RascaL, OperA, NarroW, GeorgiA, Barbel, OnE, Win- nerS. ENIrA.-Stripe, tripe, trip: CONUNDRUMS.-1. A clergyman. 2. Place the three words together, and we hope our readers will ever see it. 3. Time. NKUMBERED CHARADES.-I. Adrianople; Ada, and, apple, ale, pear, ell, Arnold. II. Lifeboat; lie, float, boat, loaf, tile. III. Sensation; sent, sot, tin, ass. IV. Strong- bow ; wrong, tongs, bow. HISTORICAL RERuS.-Bayard; Berne, Aleppo, Yacht, Amsterdam, Rumkalah, Danube. CHARADE.-Bayonet; bay, 0, net. ANAGRAMS.-1. Duke of Wellington; 2. Pirate's Lair 3. Amos, Diogenes; 4. Florence Nightingale. DECAPITATION.-Trump, rump, rum. WORD SquARlIS.- F A R H AREA RENT HIATE CORRECT SOLUTIONS RECEIVED.-Alfred Taylor (Roch- dale), W. H. Wool, Charles James Fox, H. F. Black, Robert A. J. Grieve (have you also calculated the cost of opening, checking otf and entering into books, all the tickets returned ? the hire of a room for the drawing, the amount of time occu- pied in purchasing the prizes, their value, and numerous other items that cause expenditure of money,? The short- ness of the time in which this is to be done necessitates the employment of a large .staff. Moreover, your calcula- tions are based on wrong premises; we find), as a rule, that not more than one out of five of cur subscribers availthem- selves of the chance of winning a prize.)