r Ti for ,: ··TIre e , 16rrrilzt;
e . ORIGTNAL COINTIIB'UTroNS ONLY are required, and roust be accompanied by name and address. Any puzzles or-Charades recelvetafte:'-this date, eand found to hlive been coied fr'om other publications, willt not be in- serted, and no further contributions from the same person will be accepted. No Puzzle will be accepted unless the Solution is pro- perlywoorked out. Numbered Charades in partiqular must have FULL answters sent woith them. 23. 500 and adwer A boy's name. '1000 ,, eli A fruit. 50 ,, hae A girl's name. 50 ,, ea A liquor. 1 ,, len A river. 50 ,, pea A precious stone. 5 ,, era To dote. 50 ,, gace A bird. My priinals will give a poem by Tennyson. E. A. MARTIN, 24. To be indebted; a battle; to exhaust; to roast; a metal; a portion; an epoch. If you read the centrals aright, you'll see what you are if you know how to fight. E. A. MARTIN, 25. 50 and map A part of the hand. 50 ,, me A tree. 55 ,, tewe A number. 1000 ,, or A liquor. 1000 ,, phm An xvclamation. 50 ,, lysa A girl's name. My priumals will give a character in " Jack Hark- away." 26. My first is in big, but not in little; My second is in drum, but not in fiddle; My third is in cut, but not in selsh ; My fourth is in bathe, but not in wash; My fifth is in one, and also in two; My sixth is in many, but not in few; My seventh is in saucepan, but not in jar: My whole's a character in" Bob Blunt the Traveller." E. A. MARTIN. 27. An English poet if you curtail, a kind of metal you'll have without fail. GEORGE WEBB. 28. A useful fruit the centre delete, a province in Spain you'll have complete. 29. A vowel; a boy's name (transposed); diversified in colour; a 'well-known personh; vapour; an animal (transposed); a consonant. The centrals read down- wards and across will name a well known person. GEORGE WEBB. 30. One third of Sam, a fourth of plum, And then a fifth of brave ; A fifth of chair, a fourth of near, A country in Europe you will have. G. REUONTALP. 31. A fourth of fire,-a fourth of lyre, And then a fourth of hair; A fifth of lance, a fifth of dance, .And, lastly, a fifth of bear. If I'm put together quite right, A country in Europe will bring to sight. G. REUONTALP. 32. We are going to-have an ox for dinner. I took the book from:Edith because she tore it. Put that rug by thebfire. He bronzed these ornaments for me. lie can do very well when he likes. She spoke to Nelson abone going to the. seaside.--lidden rivers. G. REUONTALP. 83. My first is in pain, but not in wee : My second is in finger, but not in toe; My third is in cat, but not in dog; My fourth isin heat, but not in fog; My fifth is in owl, but not in wren; My sixth is in three, but not in ten; Putme together, right and quick, You will then find me a useful part of a ship. GEORGin LAKsE. 34. Atown in Wilts, a town in Rutland, a town in Lan- cashire; a town in Devon, a town in York, a town in Kent, a town in Lanca-hire,. a town in York, a town in Devon;, a town,in Oxford, a town in Montgomery. The initials read downwards-wil name a place in Hants. DMy first is in pence, but not in poundss; Sly second is-in does, also in hounds; My third is in tit ker, but not in sailor; My fourth.is inprisoner, but not in gaoler; My fifth-is in Joe, but not in Sam ; My sixth is in Robert, but not in Ann; My seventh is in first, bur. not in lust; My eighth is in ship, but not in mast; :My niith-is in counterpane, but not in bed; My'tenth is in zmnc, but not in lead; My eleventh is in pin, but not in needle; My twelfth is in clhapel. but not in people; My thirteerith-is in stick, but not in pole; My fourteenth is in brim, but not in sole; My fifteenth is in fiddle, but not in harp; My'sixteenth.is in canary,.but not in lark ; ,My seventeenth is in mackerel, also in shark; My whole, if you will read eright, A BOYS OF EiNGLAND hero will come to sight.
186. My firstis in polite, liutnot in saucy; My second is in pride, but not in haughty; My third is in gnat, but riot in bat; My fourth'is in kitten, 'but not in cat: My fifth is in egg, but not in fowl; My sixth is in bird, but notin owl ; Now riddlers, can you see aright, A character in "Jack Harkaway," black as night. ANSWERS TO CRACKERS, No. 599. 1 M. R Y AREA R EhA R YARD 2. S HAT WATER SATCHEL ETHER DEN L 3. C THE FEAST CHARLES D ALLY DEa -S 4. Still waters run deep. o. L PIN PANSY LINDSAY M I STY DAY Y 6. Buttons. 7. T SUN J A H N S TUMB=LER FILEY T E A 8. Dick Rtayner. 9. Dore, 'yne, UIk, Don, Derwent, Stour. 10. C D AN MO()YLENA CARLOTORO P U; 1, T ow A ARM 0 11. Dan, can, ban, man. 12. Wasp, asp. 13. Servian Spy. 14. Cathedral; cat-he-dral.(lard). 15. E ANT INGOT ENG-LAND T It A C Ii E N D D 16. Dart-moor. 17. Stinger. 18. Ripon, Preston, London, Leeds, Lincoln, Warwick. 19. Adam Bell. 20. Wheat-ear. 21. Scott; St. IveS, BaleariC, BorneO, Trent, BresT. 22. Bob Blunt.