RUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC AND HIDDEN TEXT.
Take letters first and fourth of a strange name In Job you'll find,-of heavenly fame. 2 How many loaves did father tell his son To take, and to the camp to run ? 3 Who hath two daughters ? in the Proverbs see, First and eighth letters tell to me. A gracious ploughman working in the field, Named here, another clue will yield. 5 What did the father when he saw his son Repentant, and new course begun ? Bow many sons had servant of a king ? In Samuel see, a link 'twill bring. What shall a troop do ? Genesis see. Here First and sixth letters make appear. What was put in the breastplate ? Here declare, The shorter of two words found there. Two letters of a place to which Christ came, And miracle perform'd in same. A portion of the day,-in Matthew read, It was an awful one indeed ; At the same troublous time then this appear'd, And caused events which many fear'd.
12 A native of what city was this one ? She there to worship God begun. 13 In Solomon's time costliness bore away; What substance did he use, here say ? A truth is now declar'd, none can gainsay Or overturn, try hard who may ! HIDDEN TEXT. 1 If ye, though being evil, know Of good gifts, how to these bestow; Judge that the infinitely Good Will not witholci, who ask him would. 2 Kind are his ways to erring men Who humbly bow before him ; when 3 He sees the heart by sin opprest, The best of gifts-pardon and rest- 4 He these bestows, with light to see Salvation freely, "all in Me." 5 Of merit none can ever boast- 6 Not e'en the man who has the most; This coin will not here current pass, Even though one could all amass 7 That's in the world ; contemn'd 'twoulci be, Eternal life is ever free. Notting Hill, W. W.C.B. ANSWERS TO DECEMBER BIBLICAL CHARADE. Up(Gen. xxii 3) ; Right (Prov. xiv. 12); Upright (Ps. cxiid B., M., and E. Aston send correct answers. ANSWERS TO HIDDEN TEXT. "There the weary be at rest." (Job iii. 17.) "There shall I bathe my weary soul In seas of heavenly rest, And not a wave of trouble roll Across my peaceful breast.-(Hymn 474.) Verse sent by W. J. and L. Carlton, and W. Snell ; 1 E. Hall, M. Giles, E., B., and M. Aston, L. Kelly, W.. and C. M. Allistone, and D. Carlton answer correctly, last two quote the first verse of hymn 356.