SUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC (TEXT), AND ENIGMA.
What Elhanan and Jesse in Scripture are named, is a title of which you need not be ashamed. Where the " lot " in the Bible is said to be thrown; Not a tittle of chance can be anywhere shown. Many friends may advise, but not always aright; There was one, though, in Job's time whose counsel was bright. In the Book of the Proverbs, where warnings abound, They are plain against this man wherever he's found. There's a name in the Canticles used to portray The true Church's duality; what is it ? Say ! Good Jehoshaphat wisely to God did repair When he heard that at this place his enemies were. What great idol prefigured the downfall of all Who such worship and to them do wickedly call ? Though a king, there are limits he must not pass o'er; This one did so, and had his sad case to deplore. There's no spot on this earth wherein sin is not found ; But in this it doth certainly mostly abound.
.10 Mighty chieftain for Judah, of Benjamin's tribe, To his keeping a host do the Scriptures ascribe. 11 Round this mount it was Barak assembled his men, When he Sisera fought and discomfited them. 12 Tell me now of the throne where deceit reigns supreml Who can say when he's found it, that he can make clea! My initials and finals a truth will impart, With a blessing pronounced by a King on this heart! W. C, B, BIBLE ENIGMA. 1 One who sent a present to a king. 2 One whom the Lord blessed. 3 A title of Christ. 4 What a bishop must not be. 5 A place where a great many believed. 6 A mountain in Moab. 7 A grandson of Reuel the Midianite. 8 One of the seven churches in Asia. 9 The birth-place of Paul. 10 The descendants of one of great stature. 11 The father of one of the Israelitish spies sent iju Canaan. The initials form a title of Christ. ALFRED A. LYLES (Aged 13). ANSWER TO DECEMBER HIDDEN TEXT. ", The desire of the righteous shall be granted." (Pra x. 24.) " Those feeble desires, those wishes so weak, 'Tis Jesus inspires, and bids you still seek; His Spirit will cherish the life he first gave; You never shall perish, if Jesus can save." M. MERCER, W. Snell, G. Simmons, E. Marriott, J. W. Mee, A.! Lyles, A. E. Mee, H. Baker, A.R.B., W. Stonebridge, a B. Haines, also send correct replies. ANSWER TO DECEMBER CHARADE. " Daysman."-(Job. ix. 33.) D id He, The Great Eternal speak, A nd all creation quickly rise 1 Y es, light and "day," and then succeeds S upplies for all his creatures need. "M an," he was last, made with a soul ; A 11 things with life, he did control; N ow, through sin, he needs the whole. G.C. G. Simmons, A. A. Lyles, A. E. Mee, H. Baker, A.RE -and B. Haines also sen t t replies.