DOUBLE BIBLE ACROSTIC AND HIDDEN T
1 HALF Israel strove to make this man a king ; Death to an issue did the matter bring. 2 A wicked man who once did favour find- His lifeless body soon sway'd in the wind. 3 The vale where Saul his forces did array, When David did the great Goliath slay. 4 What is a mocker, and at last will bite? Look not upon it "when it moves aright." 5 A son of that good man whom God did Mend To be with Moses, and his help to lend. 6 The king was cursed, but pardon to hin ga Who thus to him did shamefully behave. 7 What Jeremiah calls a heifer fair; An ancient place ; but, lo destruction's then 8 When Saul to Abner speaks of David's youth What term is mentioned in Inspired Truth 9 When Pharoah's harclen'd heart would not re This form'd one of the many plagues God se. 10 From 'mong the vowels five insert the. two That seem most suitable in here to do. 11 Isaiah names one who, ambitious, fell- Whose blasphemous assumptions led to hell. 12 We read in Timothy, no crown is given Unless it thus for mastery is striven. When all these words correctly you have found, A promise you will see of glorious sound. Catford. \V. B HIDDEN TEXT. 1 Now through a glass we darkly see ; 2 What here is dim, reveal'd will be. 3 The saint of God now knows in part; 4 One day, no more his sinful heart 5 Will trust the things of time and sense 6 When sweet Salvation bears hint hence. The blessed time the prophets all foretold When Gentile lands would swell the Gospel fold. Catford. W.0 ANSWERS TO MAY HIDDEN TEXT AND BIBLICAL CH " My soul, wait thou only upon God." (Ps. lxii. 5. Wait thou, my soul, upon the Lord alone, And make to him thy wants and wishes known; Confess thy sin, tell him thy pain and grief, For he alone can send thee sweet relief. Whenever danger and distress abound, Losses arise, or foes in friends are found,
When Satan tempts, and finds thy sinful heart Ready to play the willing captive's part, WVhen pride and lust like surging billows roar, And hope and evidence are seen no more, When sins of heart and lip and life demand The scourgings of the Great Corrector's hand, Then lot the harden'd strive against his rod, But thou, " my soul, wait only upon God ! " H. e Lord is rich indeed, and richly will supply e waiting sinner's need, with blessings from on high; BIy expectation is from God ; Then wait, my soul, upon the Lord." (Ps. lxii. 5.) W. SNELL. 1ectaswers have also been received from 0. Glencross; veling; E. Marriott; J. W. Mee; F. Hope; M. F. Levey; adrev ; W. Stonebridge ; A. A. Lyles ; and F. Dennis. BIBLICAL CHARADE ANSWER. ellow-ship" (1) Ex. ii. 13; (2) Acts xxii. 22; (3) Matt. xii. . ;(4) Matt. xxvi. 71; (5) Jonah i. 3 ; (6) Prov. xxx. (i;)ark viii. 14, Acts ii. 42, &c. " They have fellowship with God Through the Mediator's blood ; One with God, through Jesus one, Glory is in them begun." 0. GLENCROSs.