r.OU]3LE ACROSTIC.
1 Y first is very weak, .. you see; My second is a noble tree; When I'm my third my pulse is felt; My fourth is whc-re St. Paul once dwelt; My fifth we like mamma to say XWhen we desire a holiday. Were I to win a prize some day, The heads and tails of this would say SWhat kind of book I like to read ; For such an one I then should plead. Lucy H rI1ux Fox. 27, St. yohn Street, Dezizes. (Aged x3 ) ----oo--- CHARADE. C-N'., Y first is seen when fields are green, And noontide heat is glowing ; Mvy second will a shelter prove When wintry winds are blowing. And now, to make my whole complete, I offer you a cool retreat. SQUARE WORD. - GROW upon trees. I am fitted to screws. 2. Here a very strange sect their metropolis choose. 3. Prefix "red," and all round-about routine you see. 4. A third of mankind has descended from me. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. ' HE first letters of each word read downwards will give an animal ; the second letters a bird ; and the third a bird's nest. I. I am a very useful grain; I must be used, that's very plain. 2. Round every farmer's house I stand, Collected off the flow'ry land. 3. In Cumberland, upon the coast, A little town there has its post. 4. A prophet, who a son once gave, And after raised him from the grave. 5. What children never ought to he; Mind, this appliesto you and me. J. A. NosAt. 8, BriArtonn Road, Bri.rton. (Aged 13.) --ýnco~r- AN ENIGMA OF PRECIOUS STONES. r~IHE initials will give the name of a precious stone w'\hich is found on the banks of the Nile. r. A precious stone of a violet and purple colour.
2. An almost transparent precious stone. 3. The first jewel in the high priest's breastplate. 4. A jewel of which the twelve gates of the New Jerusalem was composed. 5. A precious stone for which the King of Tyre traded with the Syrians. 6. A precious stone of a dark red colour. AnDA B. GREEN. Rocklei~h, Leckardl Road. (Aged I2.) ----o--o---- QUOTATION ACROSTIC. IME was when I was free as air, The thistle's downy seed my fare, My drink the morning dew. I perched at will on every spray ; My form genteel, my plumage gay, My strains for ever new." The initials of the writers of the following lines, read downwards, will give the name of the author of the poem from which the above extract is taken. 1. " Oh, sleep ! it is a gentle thing, Beloved from pole to pole !" 2. " T''raitors in their fall are like the sun, \Who still looks fairest at his going down." 3. " I wandered lonely as a cloud That floats on high o'er vales and hills, When all at once I saw a crowd, A host of golden daffodils, Beside a lake, beneath the trees, 1Fluttering and dancing in the breeze." 4. " Hear the sledges with the bells- Silver bells ! What a world of merriment their melody foretells i How they tinkle, tinkle, tinkle, In the icy air of night ! " 5. "Wretched the man who toils ambition's slave; Who pines for wealth, or sighs for empty fame; Who rolls in pleasures which the mind deprave, Bought with severe remorse and guilty shame." 6. " Dear is my little native vale: The ring-dove builds and murmurs there; Close to my cot she tells her tale To every passing villager ; The squirrel leaps from tree to tree, And shells his nuts at liberty." EMILY A. BEGG. (Aged 14.) 4, Buckland Villas, Belsize Park, Loalon. kkn