LE BIBLE ACROSTIC (TEXT) AND ENIGMA:
TYRus; in the zenith of thy fame, en many nations brought to thee their wares, o did thy horses and thy mules supply, d horsemen, who thus traded in thy fairs ? asuerus, mighty Persian King, d many chamberlains who in his court d on his person wait. The name of one all the seveni that's needed here report. en David was in hold because of Saul, om Benjamin's and Judah's tribes men came; peace was their intent, what word said he at show'd his state of heart towards the same ? en Israel, repentant, owns her Lord, e prophet who so eminently wrote ye, "Ephraim then shall Judah kindly view," at sin omit, with better feeling smote? ophetic language from the seer came; scoursing of Jerusalem of old, en to her parentage he reference makes, eternally, what do we find here told ? Genesis we read, a patriarch ok him a wife, Keturah was her name; ey sons possess'd, the lineage is given, hat was the name of one-grandson became ? viticus supplies the list of birds at were by law pronounced to be unclean, om it select the name of the one here quired before another link is seen. ong the heathen gods and goddesses *e Acts of the Apostles mentions one ustrious for the many dupes it had; y we idolatry of all kinds shun. e Book of Exodus instructed how e offerings to God should be arranged; me one ingredient must have a place, r might it for another be exchanged. is admonition needed in the days of old very much more now, since error is so bold. ord. W.C.B. NUMERICAL ENIGMA. ole is a text of 28 letters. 0,26, 11, 12 is that which came by man. 8, 18, 3,9 is what a woman asked Christ to give her.
My 1, 2, 13, 28, 5, 7, is what Jesus calls the meek. My 15, 24, 9, 6, is the place from which Hiram came My 19, 3, 13 is something that was given to the fifth My 22, 9, 17, 27 is what men ought always to do. My 16, 8, 23 is the Father of Canaan. ANSWER TO MARCH B1BLE ACROSTIC. G reec E (1 Cor. i. 22.) E ba L (Deut. xxvii. 13.) R amath-Leh I (Judges xv. 17.) S alom E (Mark xv. 40.) H azo Z (Joshua xi. 11.) O bedienc E (Deut. xxx. 20.) M. achi R. (Gen. xi. 22.) [The father of Machir was not King Manasseh, sins notorious were." This was an oversight last Gershom (Ex. ii. 22); Eliezer (Ezra viii. 16.) EDGAR B ANswERns TO HIDDEN TEXT. " The Lord is a great God." (Ps. xcv. 3.) W. Stonebridge, E. Hall, A.R.B., A. A. Lyles, Andrews send correct replies.