ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. Contributions for insertion in this Journal must be endorsed "Enigmatical Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within six days of publication of the pastimes. All letters must be dated.
21. SQUARE WORDS. 1. To establish or decree, 2. Is magnificent or tree, 3. Is to loathe and also hate, 4. Lumps of earth to you will átate, δ. And 'tıs thus that you should write, When a letter you indite. A.mjkkw Jack. S3. CHARADE. As 1 walked out one day Upou a July morn, My first did leap away Erom beneath my whole. As passing on, till a small village Came unto my view, A child upon my second eat, Watching the birds on the trees. My whole is oft in forest seen, Also in shady glen ; By gardeners all 'tis thrown away, Because it is poison, 1 ween. 23. DECAPITATION. J. P. In whole I name a herd ; And wheu of head 1 am bereft, I 'm dou bly bolted, on my word, To keep a wolf from theft. Charles Ηkm mi nos t L DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. To boast oi riches 'tis but folly, 2. Come, jump about, and let's be j 'Hy, 3. A happy place, though rather dull, 4. Wbile drinking this my thoughts 1 mull, 5. A pretty verb to conjugate, 6. A body slim with lougish gait, 7. But the last like a law does seem, You '11 find two writers is my theme. Charles Hammings. 26. CHARADE. In " Lionel Westmore" are one and two, And " Ralph Rattleton " bungs three to view, Pour and five are in " Move On," Six to " Harry Power " is known, Seven ie seen in " Spangles and Gold," Mr. E. H. Bui rage will eight unfold, Nine and teu are in " 'Long-Shore Luke," My whole is a tale in this excellent book. Andrew Jack. 26. SQUARE WORDS. A town in Englaud first will ehow, A coutinent is second; Third signifies a rank, or row, Last's an animal reckoned. J. T. Palhik. 27. PUZZLE. I am a word of only 11 letters, but nevertheless contain, a human being, a bundle of 20 quires, a number, a carpet, a cement for building, grease, a beverage, a fish's membrane, a character in music, an instrument fur catching tisli, a metal, second officer of a vessel, a weight, and to be ш a rage. T. Wilkb. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Full to the brim with self-conceit and pride, O'er nations he sought the highest steed to ride ; But in the misjudged vain glorioue attempt Deeper he sank in the world's well-placed contempt. And who shall say, for cert, what future time Will bring to htm who carries ou a war, Until it is at best a heinous crime, On which hell's brand is stamped for evermore. In his owu land a mighty man is he. These aquatic insects by microscope you вее. A goddess, who was ш ancient days adored. A druggist will, wheu asked, thi« you forward. Perc banc j a kin of jours may bea» Ulis name. By doing it, we oft are apt to blame. Both you and I this blessing great possess. Some oft foul 8atan thus familiarly address. E. J. АхтоМ. 29. DECAPITATION. Whole I am a woman, beheaded twice I am a man, be¬ headed I am a drink, transposed I am a plain. С and A. Grrk#haloh. 80. SQUARE WORDS. First is a town in Erin's Isle, Second is a generation, Third is a representation, And fourth '■ the opposite of " spoil." 3. T. Palmer.
31. CHABADB. My first, a not uncommon name, Has oft been borne hy men of fame, Oft author of the being reckoned, Of that which constitutes my second. The name shall be, which forms my whole, Remembered long, while ages roll, Of him whose manners rough concealed A mind which wisdom great revealed. J. P. Donnh.lt. 82 METAGRAM. My primal 'twill nauie a measure, And as often as you read it down, The head you must change at you r leisure, 1. This is a Sphinxite of renown, S. An invitation on this is writteu, 3. A greasy substance this will show. 4. This 1 believe can never be bitten, Б. And a relation to you I kuow. Charles Hemminas. 33. CHARADE. How delightful 'tis of a summer's day To be on the first, frgm home away, With mirth, and music, dance, and song- How pleasantly passes the time along. But alas 1 ton often a storm is near, Whieh is quite an upset to all I fear, When they get first, second, ludicrous scene, Of first, and of whole, are they second I ween, Alpha.