Enigmatical ano Шш#т§ Sxmtøcø FOB LEISUKE MOMENTS. -oo· T . Practic-vl Puzzle.
actic-vl 1 пал β a house and gar ien with eight trees, as drawn hel >w, but I nave thi oo lodgers who desire to share the ground and trees with me. How am I to do this, so that our portions may ho of tho same shape and size, and an equal division made of the trees ? i W. A. Ewfll. *· House * * * * * * Rebus No. 1· A snare for the capturo of beasts, birds, and mice ; A species of pastime that gentlemen like ; A colour which certainly looks very nice ; *» A large block of iron on which blacksmiths strike ; A part of the body not far from the head ; What all those are called who to learn are averse ; A missile, composed of what 'why, pure lead'; A term which denotes to describo or ι ehearse ; A bird that is caged for the purpose of song ; The principal cause of disgrace and distress ; A fresh-water fish very slimy and long ; And a house where you'd rest if exhausted, I guess A beverage ladies could not do without. The initials of these, if read downwards, will sho«' That which you will (there is not a shadow of doubt) Do directly you see this ; or try to do so. τ Eebus No 2. The initials c f the following will give the name of an interesting and very asefal periodical i—-An Italian river, a frontier town of Persia, a river of Turkey in Asia, a Scotch island, a Syrian river, an Irish bay, a Welsh mountain, an Indian presidency, a Spotch county, a country of Asia, one of the .Andes, an European volcano, an Irishitown, a city of Portugal, an Egyptian town, a Piussian river, a town in Norfolk. — E. Taylor. Biographic A.L Rebus. The initials of the following will name a Greek physician :—A name given to tho heathen goddess Diana, a Greek orator, the first King of France, tbe.wife of Ulysses, a Greek philosopher, a Prussian astronomer, the inventor, of .the Orrery, a mathematician of Syracuse, a noted Khan of tbe Tartars/one of the muses, a wise King of Israel. ------- E. Taylor. • ' · '" · 'GROGtRAPniCAL RftBUS. The initials of the following will name an island in the Mediterranean Séa :—A flourishing sea-port of Prance, a town in the Tyrol, an English county, a Prussian river, a Turkish province, a town of Sicily, a town iu the east of Scotland. * E. Taylor. Charade No. t. In Europe's change my first appears, My next with joy a parent rears ; My whole the gracious boon of Heaven Exclusively to mankind given. Charadb No. 2. My fir¿t are inlets of my second, and my whole is a suburb of London. — II. J. Peart. Charade No. 3« My first is a celebrated ancient poet, my second is a weight, and my whole is a suburb of London, H. J. Peart. Charade No. 4. My initial letter is the same as that of a well-known animal which is a great enemy to mice ; take away that lettor, and my first is used in con¬ nection with meerschaum, my second is a place to get water, and my whole is a suburb of London. Я. J. Peart. Riddle. Take-fifty four, and to it add The simple letter E, And what we all are doing now You then will plainly see. Reverse, and then you must disclose The actions of our hearts ; For ever since our parents fell It's filled our inward parts. SOLUTIONS TO No. 45. Enigma.—The letter " B." Charades.—1. Pilgrim-age. 2. Donkey, 3. Htm-lock, Ri»»LE.--Bream--Bear--Mare--Ram, E. Taylor. )