FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
* Practicaií Puzzlb. Suppose a certain lord had 8 apple-trees around his mansion, around these 8 houses of his tenants, around these lo pear-trees—he wante to have the whole of the pear-trees to himself, and allot to each of his tenants one of his apple-ťeee in their place. How must he construct a fence or hedge to accomplish it ? A-A м. ¿L & íau Ť i. JE) m Conundrums. 1. Why does a blacksmith deserve transportation ? 2. What beverage resembles a precious gem ? 8. Why is Coupelle's crenutriar like thunder and lightning ? 4. When are we like the letter-boxes now in general use ? 5. Why is half-and-half like sleet? 9. Why wonld yonr father make better food for cattle than youreelf? T. Why ehould the use of wax-tapers be abolished in pious families î 8. Why are cuttings like gate posts ? 9. How was it tbat Napoleon threw a greater damp over France than the abdication of Louis Philippe. Rebus No. 1. A period of time, an animal, a covering for the head, a email bird, a house for travellers, and an insect. The initiale of the above, if read downwards, will give you a very beautiful flower. Bebus No. 2. Complete I am a friend to youth, In me they ever find A pleaeure, did they speak the truth, To which to give their mind ; But when beheaded, I produce A first-rate foreign wine That wealthy persons introduce For drinking when they dine. Replace my head, and take away The letter laet but one, A blot or stain I then display Which honest men would shun. Transposed, I'm welcomed with delight, And hasten with all speed With newe from friende, " though lost to sight, To memory dear indeed." Curtailed, some thousands I have vexed At times, although a shame ; Curtailed onoe more I ehow—what next ? A valued river's name. Transposition. What female name, transposed, will give a village in Yorkshire? Charade No. 1. My first yon have, there'e little doubt, My second has no end, My whole the ladies wear when out They go to see a friend. Charade No. 2. A common little word's my first, 'Tis something petted children say ; My second's juet thc same reversed, My whole appears but once a day. Charade No. 3. My first's the opposite to old, My next's a weight by no means smaU These two united will unfold A clever mau, well known to all. Charade No. 4 I am composed of fifteen letters 12, 7, 8 is a country 8,11 is an animal ; ι . one of the Boyal family. UHARADE 1*0. 4. letters. My 1, 9, 7, 3 is a bi-d : my 8, 9, 4,11, ry ; my 10,11,1«, 7, 3 material for building ; my 10,15, my 7, 5, 11, 3 is a town in Ireland ; and my whole is Prt w\ \ 1 ir Charade No. 5. When to my Louie I my passion tell, Her modest cheeks express my first too well ; My second pays no homage to a crown, But preys on all alike, from king to clown ; My whole 'tis certain can no beauty boast 'Till the bright sun has all its splendour lost.
Charade No. 6. If o'er tbe vessel's side í fall, And thereby meet tbe coming wave, My first you may that movement call, By which I find a watery grave. My next will there no aid afford, Although on earth it might have done, For whether beggar, king, or lord. To each its power is well known. My whole with pleasure will be seen By the prisoner free from guile, But must appear of different mien To him that'e done eome aotion vile. SOLUTIONS TO No. 8. PracticaL· Puzzle. _____·_ ·. · ___·) [·____ • I· · •___ ·ι· "~tl · [· •______· Biddle.—A comma at the words nails and five, and a colon at the word feet will reveal the answer. Enigmas.—1, Swordfish; 2, David; 3, Jonah in the whale. Conundrums.—1, A pair of boots ; 2, Oh, my side ! (homicide); 8, Because it is generally lead; 4, None, one; 5, Seat, eat; 6, Bail, liar. Rebus.—1, Scream, cream, ream, ram ; 2. NoS(e), ElbE, WantoN, Charl(ty), AntirrhinuM, SeveraL, Tel, LoO, Eccentric—Newcastle- Coal mines ; 3, Place, lace, ace. Charades.—1. Paisley ; 2, Bendigo ; 3, Christ-raas's) ; 4, Hand cuû 5, Sun-drie» ; β, Crab-bed.