FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Enigma No. 1. I am not in the train that runs steaming along, Nor the smoke whioh the engine sends forth, Nor the wavea which roll over and over so strong, Nor the uproar created by any gre \t throng, Nor the lights sometimes seen in the north. I am not in the pages of any good book, Nor the type that is used for the same, Nor the placee explored by the late Captain Cook, Nor the cour!в to which we for redress often look, Nor the numerous buildings of fame. I am not in the rain that descends from above, Nor the works of art always on sale, Nor the letters that frequently tell tales of love, Nor the nest that is built by the innocent dove, Nor the merchandise sent by the rail. I am not in the streamlet that ripples hard by, Nor the pool with its surface so etili, Nor the echo that follows the savage's cry, Nor the wind that distributes the dust when 'tis dry, Nor the grain that is ground in the mill. I am not in the powder by soldiers consumed, Nor the enow on the top of Mont Biauc, Nor the various flowers so highly perfumed, * Nor the cell to which dishonest persons are doomed, Nor the act that would be pronounced wrong. But I am, in fact, that which all lazy folks do, That which close individuals spend ; That wbich all beggars have—and of these there'e no few— That which spendthrifts save daily, and lastly what you Will perceive if you read to the end. Chakadb No. 1. My first the trembling culprit for his offences feirs, Wben eh se behind, pursuing, a man in blue he hears ; And if in Spain the villain his roguery had done, My second he had suffered with many an aching bone ; My whole the weary soldier, long forced abroad to roam, Greets with an eye of rapture—Eis welcome, welcome, home. Charadb No. 2. I am composed of fourteen letters. My 1, 2, 6, 8 is wearing apparel; my 1, 2, 6, ia is firing ; my 3, 2,4,14 is a part of the face ; my 4,12, 6, 9, 10 ie a country in Europe ; my 3, 9,18,14 is a river in Europe ; and my whole is a town in Turkey. Chakadb No. 3. My first is a hard substance ; my second is often made of my first ; my third is an English surname ; and my whole is an American general. Chakadb No. 4. I am an animal of three letters ; take away my first, and I am «till an animal ; both found in Europe. Charadb No. 5. My first is a title, my seeond ie a salad, my third contains water, my fourth is the same as my second, my fif'th is the same as my third, and I contam the foUowing letters:-S S SSS В ЕЕ E LLL LR R RWW CCI· When you these letters have rightly combined, A man of the law you are certam to find. SOLUTIONS TO No.'9. Practical Puzzlb. Φ m 4' Ά # & Çokundritms.—i. Because he is always forging. 2. Purl (pearl)· 3. it is said to purify the hair (air). 4. When we are indoors (in doors)· o. -Because it is not all ale (hail). 6. Because he is past your age (P*»turage). 7. Because they are wick-ed lights. 8. Because they are Ï lanted in the ground to propagate (propagate). 9. Because Louis nilippe was missf d (mist) while Napoleon was reigning (raming). Rebus-No. l. Day-Ape-Hat~Lark-lDn-Ant-<bahlia). No. 2. Sport-Port—Spot—Post—Po. TRANsrosmoN. —Mary—Ya rm. CHARADR8.-1. Ear ring. 2. Noon. 3. New-ton. 4- Duke of Cam¬ bridge. 6. Glow-worm. 6. Tip staff,