ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
My first of diverse sizes made, oft leads to woe, yet forms a trade. With costly jewels though I'm deck'd, My real value, I expect Is little added to thereby. If you possess me, don't deny My statement, while my second's seen Wher'er a traveller hath been. On Russian steppes, on Afric's sand, And e'en on " India's coral strand," Sometimes in peaceful garb I come; But oh, how oft I rob a home, Of what it valued as the best And highest treasure it possessed ! My whole'is rather out of date, Since Queen Victoria's ruled the state; ' And though my place is well sipplied, By no one will it be denied That I had varied mien and height, Though mostly visible at night. A. SI. A. It. One of the most ancient of the patriarchs. A Spanish city noted for its wine. The name of a martyr. A near relation. A bishop's diocese. A thing neither round nor square. A seaport of the Cape of Good Hope. The initials give the name of a celebrated writer; the finals that of his intimate friend. W. H. Lr. III. Ye see my.fst upon the hill; I ott go there with pleasure, And if my second you would find, Seek out an English measure. When nature's debt with us i= paid, Within my whole we shall be laid. W. H. EDDF
IV.. EIOGRAPIIFICiL PUZZLE. I-o V. First I'm a mighty instrument, And fill a useful place, And sounds come forth with wondrous power, Although with little grace. My owner dies, and I'm cast forth; For what use am I now P But still I must not grumble, though, But to my lot must bow. A host of fierce vindictive men, One puts the host to flight; Poor humble me, just think of it- I helpl him in the fight. So all may see how great events From little causes spring, And you may learn this lesson, to Despise no little thing. UNCLE STEPHEN. VI. 'owNS IN SCOTLAND. 1. A covering for the head, and a weight 2: A'consonant, an article, and an ancient vessel. 3. A verb, a noise, and a weight. 4. A mineral, and a place of safety. 5. Part of a candle. 6. A church, and a partition. A. GRooM. VII. Though word of one syllable I'm said to be, Yet five, at least, can be counted in me: But if one from me you take, 'tis plain, That no syllable will then remain. G. IESTALL. VIII. My first is a friend who lives near your abode, My second is worn by a child, And every large thoroughfare-lane, street, or road, My whole may be properly styled. J.. B.