FOK LEISUBE MOMENTS. ¡lercágeg
Practical Puzzlb. I have a piece of ground, which is neither square nor round, But an octagon ; and this < have laid out In a novel way, though plain in appearance, and retain Thr^e posts in each compartment ; but í doubt Whether you discover how I apportioned it, e'en tho' I inform you 'tis divMed into four. But if you solve it right, 'twill afford you much deMgb% And repay you for tbe trouble, I am sure. / f Г Γ Charade No. 1. A email boy sto id upon a cliff, Watching the while a tiny skiff; He lost his balance, did my first% And doing that, he did his worst. Then be at last my second lay, (Would he had never seen that day !) A foolish whole he then wa1* call'd By youths and also old men bald. Lynion P. Feter. Charade No. 2. Th« other day, when passing through the city, I saw a crowd of people round my first, Who paid, " Kind friends, I hope you will have pity, And give me something j ust to quench my thiret." But who tbis was I do not mean to mention, Becauee you then would be as wise as me; I merely wish to cr*ve your kind attention, For, in duo course, the answer you will see. However, on his head he had my second, Composed of cloth, and that is all 1 know; Save that it could not properly be reckoned An ornament, because 'twas old : and so I went my way, determining to mention The fact to those whose wish 'tie to console, Wh«m one who deals in birde о died my attention By saying, "Do you want to buy my whole ?" Charade No. 8. My first ie a part of tn« bouy, wnich we Should be puzzled to manage without, Inasmuch as it was, ie, and always will be, The chief organ of life—and as euch you can see Ae to what it is worth, there'e no doubt· My second is that which ie frequently done By .the landlord who can't get hie rent, By the policemen whene'er they pureuo anyone Who hae done eomething wrong, and in consequence run For their life, ae it were, from the ecent. My whole is a flower that sende forth its bloom In the spring, and ie valued by all Who delight iu gay plante, if they've only the room In which they can grow eome ; but it has no perfume, Neither ie it by any means tall. Now, with this clue, I tbink you will clearly perceive What I mt an ; but in caee you should not, I have only to eay—or, in ether words, give You one more—namely, that it will not only live In the ground, bui do wPll in a pot. ■ Enigma. I am in tmut, bu» not in dace, And live in towu, but in no place ; I dwell in cot, but not in hut, Tho' seen in ope, I'm not in ehut. Ltnton P. Peter. Bebus No. 1. I am a town of England ; obange my head, I am a town of Ireland; change again, I am what you ail must do ; change once more, and I am a kind of meat. H. J. Peart.
Bebus No. 2. To do Avrong, a Chineee ehrub, a vege said " I am bound for Pern, Sal (perusal). 3. Because ehe often goee to mark it (market). 4. Becauee it is a two foot rule. б. A porfect cure.