ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. .L PUZZLE ITS A PRACTICAL PUZEZLE AND ITS STORY.
-T was many years ago--during the famous "last French War," that we have all heard so much about-that the French prisoners, , who were but poorly provided for in this country, used to employ their time and add to their comforts by making and selling the many ingenious trifles for which their country has always been noted. But to make even trifling things one must have some sort of material, and of this poor Louis was desti- tute: his only treasures were a knife and pencil; and when a comrade gave him a piece of cardboard, it did not seem probable that he could make much of that. However, it was far too precious to be wasted, and all his thoughts were concentrated on this card, and how he could turn it to the best account. At length, after.great consideration, he ruled two parallel and many horizontal lines on it, and then with his beloved knife he cut it into pieces. IDo you think he had spoilt it? Ah ! no; in pieces it was, certainly, but each piece was the coniiecting link of an unbroken chain. The story goes, that this* chain was considered so clever, that it was shown 6 o the governor, who was thus led to take an inte- rest in the prisoner, aid it ultimately procured his release. Take.a piece of cardlioard ruled thus:- then cut it so as to form a chain, -link within link, perfect:and separate.--. s. c. II. My whole must be reckoned One sort of my second, Although on my first we confer it; 'When my second is used By my first, 'tis abused, And my first then my whole justly merit. Are you anxious to get More particulars :yet ?- Well, my first amongst fools spend their days; All sportsmen employ SMy next; and a boy Who possesses my,whole I can't praise.-s. s.
III. - Lo, at your cre~itor's stern foot I lie, Firmly I there remain, and satisfy . His utmost claini; yet is this power strange, For e'en the gentlest tear will quite'derange My faculties-; and then, though constant still To all my fellowships, my worth is nl. For I'm a little perishable thing, Though I possess the features of a king; I wield despotic power, yet in fact I only can perform one useful act. The mother's loving counsels I convey Safe to her son, who in life's rugged way Has just begun his course; by means of me Lovers communicate in secrecy. To bear such news 'tis oftentimes my part, As 'fills with sorrow many a tender heart. But do not angrily my work regard For this; I am but an unconscious guard; The message I accompany, and I Preserve it from official scrutiny. I am not always of unvarying hue; Sometimes you'd call me a decided"' blue:" Although I do not write; but, as I've said, Take care of others' writings ;-often red I wear, as if in war I served the queen; At other times you'd cry, " How very green! " Sometimes I'm clothed in purple; I possess, When at youir creditor's feet, this coloured dress; Sometimes I have a blushing damsel's face; But of whatever colour, you may trace In all my features the resemblance true Of one, I know, beloved by all of you:-E. . Iv. A deep and dismal thing art thou, And looking down, my eyes I close; But when reversed-why then, how now ? Thou art the tip of my owl nose. V. I am a name of ten letters. My whole was a great philanthropist : he saw that the conidition of those he pitied was very 5, 8, 9, 10, and he determined to 10, 9, 8, 7 attention to them. He had no magic 7, 8, 4, 10 or 9, 2, 10 to relieve those in distress; but he went 2, 4, '7, 8, 9, 10 all over Europe, opening the 10, 2,_2, 9 where those he came to help lay, 'and he revealed such horrors that his work was successful. VI. 1. An old castle where a king of England was confined. 2. A wicked priest. who was killed in battle. 3. One of Britain's best defences. 4. A great poem as old as Solomon. 5. Awhite, soft, slippery thing that children like to see. 6. A couple. 7.. What shows us ourselves. 8. A little word that unites other words. 9. Beautiful things which we can only see at night. The Initials will give a time we all look forwiard to, and the Finals will give something that "will'help to make it, happy. ...-