ENIGMATICAL rÂSTIMEÖ. ^Contribution* for insertion In this Jburhalmusl fc* endorsed "Enigmatical Pastimes.** Solutions must ht ttnt wilkin tit; dayt of publication of the Pastimes. AU letters mutt bt dated.
f f 77. REBUS. I am a fish of letters three, Reverse, à river then you'll tie. r Trios. É. M. Ellery Tippktt. 78. METAGRAM. Complete İ ani & game, But enly change my head I'm a quantity of bread; Now change my head again, Thi* every mán should carry Before he thinks to marry ; Exchange my head, prithee, This is a useful key ; But try this other head, Hens all dó this instead ; Another head now view, What does old things renew; This Ust head—I have done- Have you ever heard this sung? ALPHA. 7». CHÄRAliE. When we hear ofa coWery h*y'ng burst, You can guess ail the families it lays low ; What anguish Ιό see the poor widow first, When transposed, bowed down with grier ånd woe. My second is a small portion, or part, In music 'tis a terra often in use; Some seconds of the poets would charm the heart. But I fear you'll think this meaning obtuse. To the parlour you go on an evening cold, tn winter, when thè trees are áll báré, And con o'er some book ór manuscript old, My totál will bè surely found there. John Robkrt Daniel. 80. CHARADE. My first some do hail with delight, _. White others shrink from it with fright, A part of time, tò suit èách othér^ H Sometimes 'tis long, sometimes 'tis short; My second every day you see, More useful creature ne'er could be. When ai a lupper or á feast, Your appetite it is appeased; Then, if you mingle In the dance, Your present pleasure tó enhance, Bewáré, when the excitement's O'er, My whole doth not afflict you sore. A. O'CONNOR. á. CHARADE. My first transpose, and'twill disclose A statesman of great fame ; . Next's found in wealth, and is İn health, And happiness the samé. My third dijplace, and you will trace A colour or a hue ; My whole is found pn Indian ground. So bring it quick to view. Andrbw Jaok. 82. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant. A snare. A coin. An animal, jk âkla. To ál ise a second time. Those who walk in their sleep.. A popul ar tale. Ill-conducted. Entreaty. A helper, In¬ crease ng. A jewel. A case. A consonant. The centrals, read Š own and across« will name à well-known tale in the Youn о Briton. D* SfcaauH. 83. Transposition. АП English town the total shows Delete one letter, and transpose, And then the rest will indicate What wealthy men appreciate. Omega. 84. PYRAMID PUZZLE. A c# nsonant. A small bed. À 'county hi Ireland. Mince¬ meat 1 n a skin. To rob. The centrals, read down, will name » ι very useful animal. ,. S. W. G. ADrwaov.
85. ENIGMA. I'm dark, I'm light, I'm black, I'm white, And very oft I'm blue; Sometimes you'll say That I am grey, And of a pretty hue. And when I'm bright I'm a nice sight. Perhaps you'll know that well ; Bujt when I'm black, 'Tie then, alack I My sorrow I can't tell. I know you would (That's if you could) Fly up to me so high ; So you could see O'er land and sea, Without one single sigh. But as you can't, ,, Why, then, you shan't Be like me, ю gay 1 Tet, without sham. You know I am Monarch of all I survey You'll Snd me out, I Have no doubt. And very easily, too; So please allow Me, anyhow. To wish you all—Adieu ! j. С Scholİ«, 86. ARITHMETICAL PTJ2ZLE. A single one please place, A third of one behind it i In every ikin, ór nekt of kin; My last you're àure to find it. Without my total, we Should be ih awful pickle ; * Each jolly tale would surely fái " Our interest to tickle. Quill. ВЫД Tü" "