ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
I am a name of thirteen letters. We were going for a picnic by water. My 13, 8, 6, 7, 10, was ready, and off we sailed, and with a fair wind we reached the spot where we landed. We dined in my 6, 8, 3, 12, and afterwards sat on the rocks. One had my 6, 7, 2, 4, 11, to sit on; another found a mossy 9, 4, 6, 7, 12; whilst for a Turk who was with us. we fitted up a 1, 4, 3, 8, 9. Coming home, the young people were going to 1, 2, 9, 6, 12, on deck, but that cruel 1u,13, 11, 2, 9, 10, the sea, seemed determined
to 10, 12, 2, 6, 7 them that it was improper, and so they were not able. My whole was a great sculptor. When he was a boy, he used to take milk to Sheffield on an ass. To those not used to seeing and observing such things, it may be necessary to state that the boys generally carry a good thick stick, with a hooked and knobbed end, with which they belabour their asses, some- times unmercifully. On a certain day, when returning home, riding on the ass, he was observed by a gentleman to be very intently engaged in cutting a stick with his penknife, and, excited by his curiosity, he asked the lad what he was doing, when, with great simplicity of manner, but with courtesy, he replied: " I am cutting old Fox's head." Fox was the schoolmaster of the village. On this the gentleman asked to see what he had done, pronounced it to be an excellent likeness, and presented the youth with sixpence; and this may perhaps be reckoned the first money he ever obtained for his ingenuity. II. My first, a useful animal, Seen often in the field; Be careful not to make my next, An injury 't may yield. My whole my first will take as food, Or you may drink it if you're good. TOM TIr. III. My mother had placed me with tender care On a raft, with brothers and sisters there, And how it happened I never can tell, But off from this raft one fine day I fell; And as through the water I headlong went, In mud at the bottom some time I spent. I quickly got tired of lying down there- Indeed, I must say I wanted fresh air;- So with my one oar I found out the way To swim to.the top, and, when there, to stay; And as I was used to stand on my head, * At this time I breathed through my tail instead. In a very few weeks.I altered quite, In size and in shape, in breathing and sight, And on the surface would always remain, Though, if frightened, I'd quickly dive again; But one day I whisked right out of my tail, Leaving it there like the shell of a snail, And now you may meet me some early spring day, Perhaps I may sting e'er flying away. J. s. c. Iv. Why must a man bathing in the river in Paris be mad ? V. What country could be most easily damaged ? VI. What port orders you imperatively not to do what you propose ? vii. Where should all the calves be sent , VIII. What city in Germany is like part of a little animal we much dislike ? . I64