^irafpiwiicul atım SlrøMgtøs ЩхгиШ» FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. ——oo—
Charade No. 1. All those who have my first in quest Are enemies to peace and rest ; My secoud often means to sound, Likewise with wedded folks 'tis found. My third's a weicht, of which you'vo heard, But if reversed 'tis an adverb. In a county much fam'd for coal, If you search well you'll find my whole. Charadb No. 2. One night in my whole, at a roadside inn, Some men complain'd that my second burn'd dim, And said, by short'ning me, as soon they might, I should be made to give a better light, And so enable the man reading near To sneak of my first distinctly and clear, As the Earl of my whole to it ha^ gone, And they were to follow at morning's dawn. ..... II. Heather. Charadb No. 3. To take a walk was my intent, I met my whole as on I went ; He cried and did my fint of mo That on him I would take pity. This which I diil you may suppose, But if my second you transpose You're sure to find me in old clothes. My whole you'll find in every city. So now farewell, you have my ditty. Charade No. 4. 'Twas on a sunny summer's day I went to take a walk, A friend I met who was my first, And we began to talk. . He told me how his younger days So merrily did roll, And of his own my second which, Dear reader, was my whole. Riddle. Of a river in England I am the name, Backwards and forwards I read the same. A. M'Lean. Enigma No. 1. When I was first born there was variation, But all agree that in the creation I was the second thing that existed, And in Paradise 'twas I subsisted, Until 'twas lost, then I was doom'd to roam Till with a righteous man I found a home ; So finding Noah with him I resided In the ark until the flood subsided, When again to the earth I came quite sound, Leaping from rock to rock with fearful bound. As I've given my life in ancient time, In modern too I'll describe it in rhyme. I n the British Museum I may be seen, As no doubt you know, if there you have been. And dear «iris whene'er a lover you seek, Besides his being good-natured and uuek, Search his heart o'er, and if you find me not, Unhappiness will for e'er be your lot, For though husbands can be had without me, Yet a true lover can never be. -------- II Heather. Transposition No. 1. LEEVTTROD U—A bird. NALESFLO W—A poisonous plant. T G R U E N-А fish. ELLIAACR R TP—An insect. OGLGIGRAOAE M—A lake in Italy. AAANMGLE D—A river in America. Transposition No. 2. Transpose a bird and then I ween The adverse of high will then be seen. Transposition No. 3. If you trar spose a useful thing Something more useful will be seen. S. A. Lynes. SOLUTIONS TO No. 62. Decapitations.^1. Box—Ox—X. 2. Bear—Ear—Are. 3. Lark—Ark. 4. Link—Ink. 5. Deer—Dee. С Chart—Hart. Charades.—1. See—Saw. 2. Mar—I—Gold. Rebus.—Kingstown—Wicklow—Cavlow—Athy—Maryborough—Long¬ ford—Downpatrick—Castlebar. Transpositions.—!. Eat—Tea. 2. Arm—Ram. 3. Ale—Lea. 4. Pot- Top. 5. Rat—Tar. 6. Deal—Lead. 7. Shepherd's Purse. Ladies Slip¬ pers. Chickweed. Cineraria, Lobelia. May Rose.