ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
Sam Rye . A Welsh island. We roll . An English river. Sip ten ale A country in Europe. No tamers An English town. 0 hug all A French town. J. W. BISHOP. II. A shout of joy. To be indebted. An insect. A fixed salt. A current of water. Absolute power. The initials give the surname of an eminent phi- lanthropist, and the finals, read backwards, that of the place where he caught the infection of which he died. A. NELSON. III. Abstractedly speaking, I'm not to be found, I'm a myth, a nonentity, empty as sound; Can such a strange paradox ever be true, That I, non-existent, am often in view ? To each of the organs of sense I'll appeal, Then the force of my statement you cannot but feel; And as my position I seek to define, I beg you'll not laugh at such phantoms of mine. Through a lonely churchyard two young maidens were walking, Of ghosts, goblins, and spirits no doubt they were talking; "Look ! look !" said the first, "do you see its white head ?" The second declared that she saw me, and fled. On a bank near a forest two youths were reclining, As the moon through a rift in the clouds was seen shining; "Hark ! hark !" said the first, "did you hear a faint moan ? " 'Twas I that thus caused him to tremble and groan. A sorrowful mother her vigil was keeping By the side of the cot where her infant lay sleeping; Suspicious of fire, she arose in a fright, Said she smelt me, and quickly extinguished the light. I was felt on the Alps by a senseless explorer, Whose attendants considered that I could restore her ; Said aunt Jane to her friend, "May I ask you to dine ?" For a fortnight she'd tasted me, hence she'd decline. Thus vision, and sound, taste, smelling, and feeling, Combine in attesting the truth I'm revealing; Though trade be depressed, and prices all drooping, I'm always obtainable merely by stooping. ZETA. IV. BIRDS. 2, 8, 6, 7. 5, 8, 3, 2. 3, 2, 9. 5, 8, 1, 7, 6. 6, i, 4, 9, 6. c. nt. V. Find four words of the same letters to answer to the following definitions :- A number of horses Gentle. Animal food. A companion. E. ALLWRIGHIT.