"ENrTGJ(..L
WH1MEI widie creation first receiv'd a birth, And Power Almilghty forut'd the solid earth, Loud from the Heav'ns in awful thunder broke The dread omniiic waord--Jeluvah spoke! Beauteous I rose--darl. Chaos fled dismay'd-- Fair Order smil'd, and Nature stood display'd . Quick at isiu mandate thro' th- whole I ra.n, And shew'd the wonders of the matchless plan. At once, luxuriant, brighten'd cv'ry scene-- The foods. with silver, and the woods with green, The laondcape glitter'd with a thousand dyes, And softest azure ting'd the. vaulted skies ! Deck'd with a lovelier grace, the perfum'd flow'rs C:url'd their sweet charms round Eden's blissful bow'rs; Rais'd from their native dust, adorn'd they grew, And ever-varying, ever-chang'd in hue, From the rich damask to the lily pate, Glow'd in the meads, or biossom'd in the vale.
When fiom th' Elysian seat for ever driv'u, Our sinful parents fled the wrath of Heav'a; And dooru'd no more those happy plains to view, Bade thei ltov'd haunts and peacefil shades adieu ! Condemnn'd torlorn thro' barren paths to go, And tread the dull wide waste of length'ning woe; I yet rernain'd to point their sorrowing way, .And guide their labours thro' the toilsome day! N.,r yet, though buried in oblivion's stream, S"r after aae has vanish'd like a dream- Tl'.honh whehmig time, with desolative sweep, lti rapp'd whole nations in eternal sleep- .brink is my pow'r, obscur'd my fost'ring aid, ,y' hý, 5siegs wither'd, or my charms decay'd; l;1 still, untu'd, thr,' each revolving year, I ja I, : n'ttiturr, and the world I cheer. t!arkF . ",,h, awhile I quit the spacious earth, What id.is( rse, what terrors spring to birth! Son. ltr ,r , i 'aca :n, fir'd with thirst of blood, Startk, the dread uionarcl, of the shady wood; 'l'te wiid hyena, huingr, fitrce, aiid hold, .,':ours dcwn the vale, and reuds the bleating fold ; ThI o' the black forest the fell tiger prowls, Anti the eaunt savage wolf insatiate howls! Iii secret ambush grows the work of death, A! rl niurd'rous counse! taints the villain'. breath; ti rrific tf:~rc.is hold their direfiul reirn, And nrtdrt;iiht horrors crowd the tortur'd brain. 'lut son descending on the wings of peace, ,. an thl'runh nature, .nd the dangers cease' ('re;,tion, icy tnl, hails my blest return, l ais a th new beauty, and forgets to mourn. 'lheu gorg'd with slaughter, from the sanguine feasts To !heir lone coverts fly the tim'rous beacts:
Plhng'd 'mid the bow'ring shade of tangled walks Sack to his cave the wrathfil lion stalks; Through the dark thicket's ;loom rcsounds no more The sullen thnnder of his deep-tou'd rar. Then soot'.inFg comfort lulls to gent e rest Each struggling pang that rends the frighted breast; No longer trane'd in visions t f dismay, The pailid trembler laughs his cares away; And fondly smiliner, as he views me near, Wipes from his brow the chilly damp of fear Then sculks th' a:-sassir to his rueged bed, Andl guilty slumbers hover rond his head; Then breaks the witchi'raft of the magic spell Wrought. 'mid the quenchless flames of deepest hell; And, veil'd in clouds, the peuive ghost retires, To lurk in stygian caves, or groan in sulph'rous fires. O'c. August 1810.