Mípraaíkal mM ^imwHn% FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Enigma. A largo black fowl my whole will namo, "When you find my answer curtail the same, Then you will find unreasonably fond I act, Or, in other words, I might say half cracked ; Replace my tail, behead, and transpose, The middle of the church I'll then disclose ; Transpose again carefully, then you'll find That I am made to turn by the wind ; Curtail me now, then, strange to say, You'll find me running on the railway. J. Hilt. Puzzle. A gentleman meeting a man with nuts, asked him how many he had. The man said he would see ; and he found that when he laid them in lots of twos, three», fours, fives, an t sixes, ho had always one left ; but when he laid them in sevens, he had just enough. How many had he ? —— J. Trimbey. Charade No. 1. Not Euclid's sel f my first could prove A whole, with all his skill : My next, perchance, your thoughts may roye To top of bouse or hill ; To spring my first all sportsmen love, When well equipped to kill. Charadb No. 2. Of my first I with reverence and love hear the name ; My second I ne'er will attend ; My whole is the time to enjoy a round game, And the season to welcome a friend. Chakadb No. 3. My first does innocence possess ; My second is a part of dress ; Unite ', they a period show That's free from passion, guilt, or woe. CnARADE No. 4. Chloe I love, and yet I plainly pee That I mv first from her shall soon receive ; Yet phe's the very seeond made for me. And that she loves me I would fain believe ; But all her anxious iriends around her crv, 11 He has my whole—'tis madness to comply." Charadb No. 5. If in downs you delight, you may visit my first, And ramble about at your leisure ; My next ere you'd take you wouid certainly give, And neither will add to your pleasure. With dogs and with gun at the peep of the morn My whole by the sportsman is sought, To kill me he strives, which to do, by-the-bye, Requires a pretty good shot. Charadb No. 6. My first, all sablecl o'er with gloom, Shuns the effulgent height of day ; My second formed on futhinn'e loom, Gives female dress a neat display; And in the embraces of my who'e I'm blest ; Whilst through my whole! seek oblivious rest. Transpositions. 1. KIBAATCL L-А fish. 2. COBSAEHR R-A fish. 3. LKCMRAE E-A 4. R E E I С C V—A fish. ff. A M D D N О-A fish. 6. M R O O D—A fish. 7. О N D R-A fish. J. Hill. Enigma No. 2. What we say a thing is if it is very bad, That whioh often makes people pad, A thing without which you could not do your hair, That which is sometimes «old at a fair, A river whose name is that of a fruit, A plant which always has a root, A thing without which we could not write, And a beverage which sparkles in the light ; The initial* of these words will give the name Of a person whom no Briton e'er should shame. ----------- W. H. Wool. SOLUTIONS TO No. 42. Charades.—1. Bride groom. 2 Dumb-art-on. 4. Cumberland- Rebuses.—1. Cat—Hemp—Ring—Ink—Sagittarius—Tray trip—Coral —Herb-Upshot—Rood—Canteen—Harem—(Christchurch). 2. Apple- Rye— Ые- Toast—Hat—Map—Eel— Tale- Inn—Cane—(Arithmetic). Arithmetical Puzzle.—2864. Transportions.—Blackbird. Starling. Muscadine. Targonelle. Cats- head. Greengage. Malrnsey. Marrowfat. Conundrums.—Evemouth. Wheel,