ISntømatt'cal ano šlmuams ЗБхсшш. FOE LEISURE MOMENTS. -00" Practicaii Puzzlb No. 1. f iddbditi ; lt th
Procure а piece of thin wood, cardboard, or writing paper the same be formed into a perfect square (three in, or more), after which divide it into fifteen parts, and with the η form the accompanying diagrams.
Enigma No. 1. One morning I chanced Avith a young man to meet, Who had scarcely got any shoes to his fcet Or a coatto his back ; and in consequence he Was compelled, as he said, to solicit of me Some assistance, although he assured me he'd tried For employment, but had in each case been denied, Which he reckoned, and not without reaeon, arose From not having sufficient respectable clothes. " I have no doubt whatever that such is the caee," Said I to him ; " so if you'll come round to my place About seven to-night I will give you a few Thinge to wear. " ' ' Oh," replied the man, " thank you, sir, do; I'll be there to the tune, by the stroke of the clock, When, excuse me, shall I ring the bell, Sir, or knock ľ' " You may give a loud double rat-tat at the door, And in case you should happen to get there beforo I arrive, ask the servant to show you the way To the kitchen, and give you some food while you stay." "I'll obey your commands to the lettor," he said. As he raised the old hat which he had on his head ; And with this he departed, in high glee no doubt, Leaving me to continue, at leisure, my rout. I did not get home till a quarter to eight, Which for me, I must own, was unusually late, So I said to my servant, " John, show up the man You have down in the kitchen, as soon as you can, Then go straight to my room and bring one of the suits Tbat I've done with, a pair of old Wellington boots, Also one pair of stockings, a shirt, a cravat— That black silk one I left olf last week—and a hat ; For I want to make that poor young fellow look smart, If I can, John, before I permit him to start." WeU, as soon as John brought me the clothes for which I Had inquired, I made the man change on the sly— Inasmuch as 1 did not desire to make A display of my gift, for the poor fellow's sake, Or to let tho world know all the good I had done For a man as deserving as here and there ono. Then I gave him ten shillings, and told him to go To a friend whom I'd known for a twelvemonth or so, And inquire for work, making use of my name As a warranty he was entitled to claim The aseietance ; besides which I told him to say, If, in case there were obstacles put in his way, That i'd be guarantee to a certain extent For his proper behaviour, to any who sent For a reference—no matter how soon, or when— And dismissed him, at twenty five minutes to ten. He then thanked me, with tears in his eyes, in this way : " Something nico, the conclusion or end of a day. An old title, a part of the body cut short, That (with one letter added) in which water's caught, Three-fifths of a poet, a stronghold curtailed. And that which, beheaded, has often entailed Much mischief, three-fifths of a girl or a boy. With a refuge, if one letter more you employ, And a word which defined means completed." To which I replied, " A good meal and a circular ditch, Or a reservoir, perhaps, would sound better, to hold A large body of water which always is cold."
Enigma No. 2. A gentleman whose word alone decides, A building which for poverty provides, An animal for faithfulness renowned, A kind of drain, by roadsides to be found, A bird for strength and nobleness much prizqø, A river and a poet idolized, A beverage by ladies much esteemed, To strike, a plant, a wicked act, redeemed, To fasten up, or rather to surround With railings, to dispose of, and a sound. The heads of these, read downwards, will reveal Advice, the truth of which I hope you'll foel Through Hf», and follow in whate er you do, And thereby prove that these four lines are true. Whene'er you have occasion to assail, Be not too anxious to believe a tale , Until both sides are told, for no one ought To pay attention to a vague report. Charade No. 1. I am composed of eighteen letters. My 1, 18, 13 is of very little uee without my 16, 5, 2, 9,18,17 ; my 2,16, 4, 10 is the паше of a tree ; шу 8,12, 4,10, ir, 7, fl, 13 is a suburb of my 2, 6, 13, 9,12,13 ; my 8,18, }, 2 is the rightful abode of my 9,18,11,16, 2 ; my 1, 16,13, and my 13, 10, 18, 9, 2,10, are ladies' work-tools ; my 16, 3, 4, 13 is, and my 1,12,18, i may be a sacred song ; my 9, 6, 18 is the name of a large river in Europe; my 8,16,13, 9 is an animal very often to be seen in parks ; my 11,16,18, 10 is a creeping plant yielding a delicious fruit ; my 14,15,16,13, and my 4,12,6, T, 15 are parts of the human body ; my 8, 12, 6,14,18 contafcw many of my 17,12, 5, 4,14 ; my 14, 8,12,1 contains many of my 7,12,3, 14, among which are my 7, 5,1,14 and ray 15, 5,12,1,14; and my whole ie the name of a large English seaport town and its county· Charade No. 2. Ifyou wero my first and I was my whole My second might do as ho pleased, For I should then care not a pin for a eoul Save the one whom my anguish appeased. Conundrum. Why is the Boy's Miscellany like a good echo ? Who's Who? D's father is B's brother, A's sister is E's mother, A and В are *hc children of C, Now what relative is E to D ? Bobby Brindlr. SOLUTIONS TO No. 6. Practical Puzzle. \ Scotch Towns Enigmatically Expressed.—1, Buck-haven; 2, Camp- bel !l)-ton; 3, Mo(u)nt-rose; 4, Dun-dee; 5, Elgin; 6, Ar(k)-broath 7, Stir-ling. Bebus.—1. Honey-comB, OrangE, LavendeB, LabouB, YaxleY.— Initials, Holly ; finals, Berry.—Я. Start, tart, tar, rat. Charades.—1, Star-ling ; 2, Pan, nap ; 3, Help-mate ; 4, Clober Farm· Anagram.—-Sir Edwin Landseer. Riddles.—1. Friend—Fiend. 2. When he is half-screwed. 3. Because there is sure to be a swell after her. 4. When she is anchoring (hanker¬ ing) after a swell. 5. Because he has a second mate. β. Because he has lost his smack. 7. Because she brings chaps to her lips. 8. Because the longer it burns the less it becomes. 9. Becauee tbey are apt to give the heartburn. 10. Because it shoots from the eye. 11. Because it hae lost its heart. 12. Because few of them are able to decline matrimony. 13. Because they are aH ina quiver when the beaus (bows) come. 14. Because she is turning locks. 15. The one kisses his miss, and the other misses his kiss. 16. Because it makes Ma mad. 17· Because we could not be wed without it. 18. Because they are lashed all day, and get a good hiding at night. 19. A watch. 20. Wagtail.