ENIGM1AS, CHARADES, &c. We shall be glad to receive answers to our Charades. No correspondence on any other subject must appear on the same paper.
ENIGMAS. I. I'm found in a queen, but not in a king ; I'm also in jewels, but not in a ring; At a wedding I'm found, but not at a birth, I appear in all cases of famine and dearth.
Yet the hungry don't know me, nor yet do the poor. I am found on the threshold, but not at the door; Queen Elizabeth knew me, and each fair princess, So now what I am, dear reader, you'll guess.
II. I AM a costly lovely gem, I grace each monarch's diadem ; Advent'rous swimmers for me dive, And I am spelt with letters five. Behead me, I a title show, My tail cut off, a fruit you'll know; Again curtail, a seed you'll see, And now pray take the whole of me. Cut off my tail, cut off my head, A part of me you'll find instead. And now if you don't find me out, You'll merit well the name of lout. EXCELSIOR. CHIARADES. I. I'M not in heav'n, I'm not on earth, I'm not in hell below; I'm not in air, I'm not in rain, Nor yet in wind nor snow. I'm not in the hills nor in the dales, Nor in the heaving sea; I'm not in the night, nor in the day, I'm not in grass nor tree. I'm in thee, thou would-be murderer,. Thou wicked, perjured man; And I never will forsake thee, Not e'en when pale and wan, I'll haunt thy dying moments, I'll go with thee to the tomb, And I'll attend thy judgment, When thou shalt learn thy doom. Without me, there'd be no judgment, No doom, nor torment after, And I'll help to have thee martyr'd, And I'll join the mocking laughter. E. F. II. Mr whole he waved his handkerchief, As to his wife he bade adieu; Tears she shed, as she watch'd his boat, Dancing over the waters blue. The wind blew strong, the waves ran high, The boat my first will never bear, The ship is far, she'll ne'er her reach, And see ! my whole is full of care. Swiftly he glides up to my first, And he takes it in with careful hand; My second next he tries to use, Once more the boat's under command. The boat is near ! the boat is near ! The little skiff is coming nigh ; With my second's aid the skiff is reached, Though wind is strong, and waves run high. E. F.
III. IN olden days a stalwart knight, In a church meekly stood, To a good priest his sins confess'd, In gentle, rev'rent mood. " Thy sins are all forgiven, son," The old priest mildly said, The knight then to my holy first, My second slowly made. He then uprose, with warlike mien, And girt himself with might, He seizedmy whole in his right hand, And issued forth to fight. An arrow pierced his mighty breast, And dying, down he fell. , Keep off, ye foes," he bravely said, " My life I'll dearly sell, For friends and foes, I do declare, I fear not now to die. My duty I have done on earth, The same I'll do on high." E.S. MY first in China may be seen, Where I possess much space, And there for many years has been The wonder of the place. My next is seen throughout the year, Of many sorts and kind, And oft an aching heart I cheer, And oft a weary mind. My whole is growing on my first, A sweet and pretty flower, Though common, it is not the worst, That scents full many a bower. S. T. V. ON the coast of the Atlantic My first is always found, It dwells upon the surface, Though never in the ground. My second's often made of steel, And now and then of feather; Without it we could never well Compile our thoughts together. My third's a number sometimes used To designate perfection, Of the whole number thirty-nine It is a proper fraction. My whole's a well-known mountain range, With sides of verdant soil, Whose forests never cease to yield Both olive trees and oil. FRaDERIc. REBUS. MY first is a preposition; my second is a verb ; my third is an insect; and my whole is a noun. F. DUPLocCK.