ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
Whence came a wise woman to Israel's king P From whom did Naaman rich presents bring? What eunuch to Jerusalem once came ? What church for lukewarmness was much to blame ? A Midianitish prince by Israel slain ? In whose reign golden shields from Zion ta'en ? Who by feigned love her husband's strength brought low P Who willingly to Egypt once did go P The seven sons that Leah to Jacob brought. A mighty Angel who 'gainst Satan fought. What Christ exhorts his followers to take. What more than all can man most Godlike make? What doth the preacher urge on all to hear ? Where Joseph went, when Israel drew near. Who summon'd Judah God's own house to build ? An ancient town, with costly treasures fill'd. Without that charming influence, that gives Life, warmth, and beauty to whatever lives; That makes the earth her richest stores to yield; That gladdens all things, forest, plain, or field, What were our lot ? Then if man's lower part Require this blessing, seek with all thine heart What David sweetly sang that he possessed, And then, like him, most surely thou'lt be bless'd. II. My second remove, and my first is revealed. If my 'hole in my first should perchance be concealed, Most exquisite, maddening torture 'twill yield. J. B.
II1. He that does wrong is self-condemned. IV. A great man down in the sunny land Of Spain, with her fruits so rare, Stands forth in his cloak and slouching hat, My first I do declare. He holds in his hands a jewelled case, With a pearl such as divers find, But a cloud spreads over his swarthy face, For my second he cannot find. And here in Old England oft is seen, My whole with a coat so rough; And when he sings you stop your ears, For his voice is awfully gruff. UNCLE STEPHEN. V. A man once taking out his 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5, 6, it fell on his 6, 3, 5, which he was obliged to 6, 2, 5, up in 3, 2, 4. "0O my 4, 3, 1, 5," said he to his wife, "how can I 4, 2, 1, 5 and 1, 2, 5 with others unless I get better. Hard, indeed, is my 4, 3, 6." My whole is a flower of six letters. E. T. B. VI. Myfirst, if you do, you are sure to do wrong, Transposed, a small animal useful and strong; From the depths of the earth my second is brought, Then with much toil and care into vessels is wrought, My whole you may often see high in the sky, For in Summer I come, but in Autumn I fly. PETER PUZZLE'EM. VII. TOWNS IN ENGLAND. A county and a wine. Hostility and cotton to be burnt. One of the cardinal points and a termination. A reformer and a preposition. A negative adverb and two-fifths of a witch. The body of a ship. A. B.