ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. T.
1. Ages ago, when Greece was young, And Homer, blind and wand'ring sung, Where'er he roamed, through street or field, My first the noble bard upheld. Look to the new moon for my next, You'll see it there; but if perplexed, Go, ask the huntsman, he can show My name--he gives it many a blow. My whole, as you will quickly see, Is a large town in Tuscany, Which ladies soon will recognize: A favourite head-dress it supplies. BETA. II. Boots, say if dry ink did fix well. The sentence transposed will give what thousands of children delight to receive, and where they may get it. H. H. III. My first and last are both the same, I intervene-what is my name ? B. E. ,.
IV. OUR PRIZE ENIGMA, BY AUNT JANE, . For the solution of which we offer Six Prizes of Books of different value: the handsomest to be awarded to the best answer, and so on, according to merit. . Every solution must describe the details of the Enigma, and none can be received after the 9th of August. I am not nervous, but if I'm alone, I look quite red when I make myself known; In many battles that I have been in, My voice has been heard above all the din, Whilst all the fine ships that sail o'er the sea Would soon be lost if it were not for me; You use me in dressing, but now I'll confess That often when used I stain a good dress; And not only that, but if I'm not bright, And you meddle with me, I kill you outright. But all boys and girls, where'er they may be, Are very well pleased to be owners of me; And by older folks, too, I'm thought quite a prize, For brooches and trinkets have charms for some eyes, Whilst others like books, and think them a treasure, They willingly own I add to their pleasure. And if in the Abbey you silently pace, You'll find I give beauty to that solemn place. In earthquake or fire; in sorrow or joy, To tell what you feel my tongue you employ. Your house I adorn with many things rare. I'm used in some form in every room there. I'm yellow and red, I'm blue and I'm green, And taken as med'cine I often have been. No more will I say, but wish you success, Whilst trying my name and nature to guess. v. Then we should keep a good look-out. vI; Animal food. A volcanic substance. A speaker. Hemp. A colour. A dear relative. A kind of gelatine. To flow. A parlour game. A town in England. The Initials give the name of an English poet, and the Finals what he was when young, and also the name of his best known poem.