ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
217. TRANSPOSITIONAL CHARADE. When war is raging on tbe earth, To deeds of valour giving birth, My whole, brave men, a mark of merit Ott gain by noble deeds of spirit. Beh' ad, transpose—'tie easily done, No Bimpler thing'onder the son— A nsef nl kind of wood it displays, Used' up by men in various ways. Transpose, and if you do inherit A share of quick perception's spirit, You soen will'grasp my last, and see A kind of mineral I will be. Joe Fisher 218. REVERSION. I'm" lying close; as you will see ; Reverse, and fiťé-arm β there'll be. О» J. P. Наэтжт.
219. CHARADE. In my boyhood I was r о fool, And thought it g03d To goto schoo'. Ths day I went I had α kies From tl.oíc present, Who said thej'd miss Me very much When gone away ; Whether 'twas such I cannot say. "Ma" to me gave Many things nice, And " pa " some gave, And sound adviee. When at the school, I saw a man Perched on a stool— 'Twas Porter Dan. He bowed to me, And bade me come To take my tea, At my new home. When there, some b 03 β Rau up, and sought To see the toys Whioh I had brought. I took them out, And gave them cake, Which, with a shoot, Each did soOa take. Then a yötíng Whole In the room came, With Doctor Cole, Who asked my name. After I told Him it was Joe, He then how old I was would know. I said thirteen. The man of fame To smile was seen— I did thé same. The whole, Sam Hood, To first was kind— I thought too goed- And soon did find The cause of this. Old Doctor Cole Had a young Mts»' Who loved the whole ; To last, each day, After sonset, He brought a gay And large bouquet- But the old sage Sooft found it out, And, in a ragé, Kicked the wholo out. But tbe doctor, On that same night, Saw his daughter Had taken'flight. Great was his grief, And hard the blow Happily, brief Was his sorrow. For they came both As man and wife, And he wasn't loth To end the strife] He shook the hand Of Hood, then gave His consent, and To last forgave. Arthuh. 220. LOGOGRIPH. This in tbe street I do, When near a pastry cook's, For there, exposed to view, IeTthat whioh tempting looks ; Now behead, and just curtail, Then yoo will surely say There will be, without fail, A word which means to flay ; Again bobead, put tail on, Reverse, and it will name A brother to old Uncle John ; Now please find the same. O. J. P. Haitdíy.
221. METAGRAM. How pleasantly the time would roll With us poor mortale bere, If each one would their business whole, Nor with others interferi-. Why should we meddle with a'Taira That not ourselves concern ; Tis not because with others cares We sympathise and mouri. Not one of us from faults are fr¿e, The erring then don't blamr, Bat ever to each ether be What exchanged heads will name> Tbe second, changed, wIH intimate, To all men here below, Through life it never ie too late What présent word deth stow. Fain would I ca'l tbat man my friend, Who's temper is this worr, Bat, rightly to ".ttain the' end, Yoo mnp* exchange the thin1. * ue nnal change, and then, no с' 0 iV, This plant j од soon will find, Same word will serve you to find out Where all our money's coin'·'. William Moin; foe d 222. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. This is one who lays down anything, I ween ; If yoo my second now transpose, A family to yoo it will disclose ; A beautiful flower ia this is seen. The initials and finals, read down, And the centrals upwards read, A poet that has gaine 1 some renown Have yoo hfs name deereed. P. CacssLEY. 223. PYRAMID PUZZLE. Retiring in my first is seen ; My second is concerning, I ween ; A messenger my third has been ; My fourth is an instrument of fame ; A bird to yoo my last will name.i The centrals read down aright, A bird they will bring to sight. Robert. 224. * DECAPITATION. If yon a poet deprive of head, ¡ Some pitchers you will have, instead. R. Crosblev. 225. CHARADE. For my firet a little put down ; My second is a poet of renown ; If y ou now combine the two, poet it will bring to view. Robert. 226. DECAPITATION. A vegetable frott the· sea Is here exposed to view ; Now behead, and there will be A betrage liked by yoo ; Behead agait·, then wrll appear A French' article; I know; Agate behead·, and you'll be near A vowel oft need, I trow. O. J. P. HAJCDBT. SOLUTIONS. 210.—Snow-don. Snowdon. 211.—8a,"v*ge. Thas:-Sadnese; Aspect, TiUain,Artist, Grasp,' Evident. 212.—- T SHY T RUN T V U L T U RB THETHAMES B A DA J О Z HOMER NE N S 21İ—Ann, sistèri Ancestor. 214.—Coventry, Nantwîch. Ťhns :-0*plalN, ОгА (oar), VaN,' ЕавТ, NeW, Tuli (p), R¿0, YatcH. 21S.—Chatham. 216.—Rest-rain. Restrain.