ЖЩ FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. -oo-
Practical Puzzlb. Let thirty straight lines be drawn in such a position as to form a symmetrical figure ; on each of these lines there shall be placed three black balls, or aay other article the reader may suggest, bearing in mind that the whole number shall not exceed twenty-one. Required to know how this may be accomplished ? Charadb No. 1. If I obtain my first, I shall be happy ; if I gain my second, I shall be rich ; but the two united—in other words, my whole—would make me miserable. Charadb No. 2. My first acknowledges you may My proposition grant, My second does the fact deny, Or partly say you sha'n't. And now, though you my whole ne'er guess, You'll say it's plain, I must confess. Charade No. 3. f One winter's eve around the fire a happy party sat, And with a hale old sailor friend engaged in pleasant chat; Atlast the juveniles arose—"Tell us a tale," they cried ; " Quite right," quoth he ; " sit down again, and your attention lend." When silence was once more restored, thus said our sailor friond :— " Slight was the breeze that bore away our bark from Britain's shore, And placid were the vassal waves that roll'd beneath her prore ; No thought or fear of peril nigh disturbed tbe seaman's breast. Above, below—earth, sea, and sky—all seemed to be at rest. Vain were our hopes, for soon, alas ! my mighty first arose, The billows that so calm had slept a<vaken'd from repose- The thunder pealed—a leaden gloom o'erspread the livid sky; The stormy petrel on the wing then pass'd us swiftly by. And then, above the Storm King's roar, was heard a piercing shout— I rushed on deck, just at tbe time the ship was turned about. My next was overboard—I plunged beneath the briny wave, And, with my comrade's aid, I saved her from a wat'ry grave. Dismasted now, we helpless drove—the storm was at its height— We lashed ourselves unto my whole, and thus we passed tho night. How anxiously we looked for dawn !—the gale did then abate— A friendly ship then rescued us from our abject state. This, my young friends, is but a sketch of my young sailor life, But let me add, before I closo, my second's now my wife." The little party at his feet then thank'd their friend so kind, And many of them th' answer to his riddle soon did find. J. L. Owbn Bowdon. Charade No. 4. I am a word of six letters. After bidding my mother good-bye with my 2, 4, 5, 8, If I went on board and faund my 6, 5,1, 2, 4, 3, and my 6,5, 2 4, looking over the side of the vessel, and as it was я calm evening and very fine, I could easily perceive on the backs of my 6, 6,1, 2, 4,3, and my 6,5, 2, 4, my 1, 4, 5,6,1, as I stood just behind them. I do not suppose they (my 0, 5,1, 2, 4, 3, and β, 5, 2, 4,) had any idea- of what I was looking at, although I myself could plainly observe that it was my 1,4,6. and myl, 2, б, 8, 1, which engrossed their attention, and which they would not have seen sufficiently ha«1 not the appliauces of my 5,3,2, come to their aid. Suddenly 1 heard a strange noise, and a whole host of my 3, 5, 2,1, rushed frantically across thc deck. I immediately shouted for help and seizing the nearest support within reach, I held on tightly anáprmly. After my 3, 5, 2,1, had been totally dispersed. 1 did not feel in tne least frightened, but found great difficulty in relinquishing my hold of the support I had во firmly grasped in consequence of my 2, 6,8, being of so friendly a nature, and which I managed to 1,6, 4,5,3, over a considerable portion of my attire. I now felt exceedingly hungry, having never been to my 1, 4, 5 (or as the Romans used to say " 6, 5, 8, 4,") previously. I accord¬ ingly went into the oabin and eagerly devoured a large quantity of my 6, 4, 6, 2, and also made away with no small quantity of my 2, 4, 5, to do whioh requires me to do my 4, 6,2, in good earnest, which I certainly had done, at I felt aa strong as my 2, 4, 6, β. I was not long at my 1, 4, 5, for in two days after the above occurrence I was quietly seated beside my whole—yes ! a beautiful and lovely little 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,6, reading a book containing two or three of my 3,4, 5, 6,1. Grumsohmidt. Rebus. An artificial light, a delicate flower, a beast of burden, a rude name for an inhabitant of the uncivilized world, a clear material, a vegetable, and that which is loved by rich and poor. The initials of thesd will give you the name of a celebrated manufacturing town in Scotland. W. C. U. Conundrums. 1. Why is military glory like a piece of lump sugar? 2. Why is a horse half-way through a gate like a halfpenny ? Transposition. I'm a very nice fruit, but remarkably dear ; That I'm cheap when transposed 'twill quickly appear. H. J. Peart.
ARITHMETICAL· QUESTIONS. 1. Express five 6"s in such a way that they shall be equal to Щ. 2. The proportion of the diameter of a circle to its circumference is 113.355. Fiad the circumference of а circle whose diameter is 132 feet 3. The hour and minute hand of a clock are exactly together at 12 o'clock.. When are they next together ? 4. In an orchard of fruit trees, half of them bear арр1ез, a quarter pears, one-sixth plums, and 60 of them cherries. How many trees are there in all ? Edgar Hunter.