imgra frø© Шнадшй; uJCrøWj FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Practical Puzzle. \ / ν ■' у о χ Cut out twelve pieces of cardboard, (three of each as above), and of them form a perfect square. E. Taylor.
Enigma No. 1. In the dreary depths of the ocean wide, On icy shores, by Hecla's burning side, In English homes, and every noble heart, I form a pleasing—aye, conspicuous part. Where the surging Maelstrom bubbling roars, And on the transatlantic blood-stained shores, On realms Hesperian, where the gentle ray Of Sol most softly shines, and where the day Is six months long on stern Siberia's plains, E'en there, you'll own, my mighty iuflueu;e reigns. -------- E. Taylor. Enigma No. 2. Victoria, mighty sovereign of the sea, Owes her proud sceptre and her throne to me ; In fact, though I despise our English Queen, I'm found in every British heart, I ween ; Γη each department of the arts I'm found, And live with corpses in the sacred ground ; I'm deeply versed in trouble and in grief, And love, of course, tho lawyer's stormy brief; In France and Denmark I am plainly seen, Audin this earth, I trow, I've ever been; In wintry showers, and our most dire despair, You'll own, my influence is discovered there. -------- E. Taylor. Charade No. 1. A well-known river Europe boasts, Where beauteous towns adorn its coasts ; A wine which you'll not see in haste, Of colour bright and rich in taste. These two conjoined have powers most strong For good or evil, right or wrong. Charade No. 2; My first is a sound but imperfectly heard ; My second, though small, is an object of terror ; lf joined with skill, you'll find in my third The offspring of fancy and parent of error. Charade No. 3. My first for temper and for tongue May be pronounced the worst ; My second is by nature hung For ever to my lirst. # When drawling periods without end Exhaust the wearied soul, To riddlers I must recommend My total or my whole. Riddle. I'm a singular word, I guess you will say, But if you an s wiil please take away From the end of my whole, í plural become, An 1 írom my two syllables, merge into one. E.Taylor. Rebus. The initials of the following words will give α well-known watering- place on the south coast :—A county of England, a boy's name, a river of Prussia, an Athenian general, a river of India, an Hindostán town, a beverage for a cold, a King of Israel. Geographical Rebus. . The initials ofthe following will name a noted English lake :—One ot the United (free) States ; one of the Balearic Isles ; a Russian river of importance; a native state of Uppsr Guinea; tho ancient capital oi the Meles ; a tributary in the Punjaub ; a gulf in the Adriatic ; a town on the Sound ; a Cape in Arabia ; a seaport on the Vistula. 1_____L E. Taylor. SOLUTIONS TO No. 43. Enigmas .-Raven, Rave, Nave, Vane, Van. 2. Vile—Ilinek—Comb- Tea—Orange—Ruse—Ink—Ale (Victoria). Puzzle.—801. T Charades.—1. Part-ridge. 2. Christ-mas. 3. Child-hood. 4. .No¬ thing. 5. Heath-poult. 6. Night-cap. , Transpositions.—BlacktaiI. Horsecrab. Mackerel. Crevice. Voa~ man, Dromo. Dorn,