ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I.
AM a name of ten letters. A little girl, called my 9, 4, 7, and a little 5, 2, 8, called my 5, 2, 5, 5, 8, went for a sail in my 3, 2, 8 round my 5, 9, 8. They were both filled with my 1, 2, 8,-for there was not 9, 4, 8 thing to 9, 7, 4, 2, 8 them. There was a man on board played my 5, 9, 7, 1, 2, which was his 3, 2, 5, 5, 8. He was a funny man, with a black face; and he said to them, " I will not take away the 'm' from the music, as it would make ' u-sic(k).'" . y whole was a poor man, and for many years in prison, where he wrote a book that has causedvery many to bless God for his labours. II. "' The rain has stopped ! it will be fine; I'm off," said Johnny Kent; For on a walk across the moor His mind was strongly bent. The holidays were nearly gone, And much he wished to see, If from myfirst he could not catch A glimpse of coast or sea. So off he started, light of heart, And singing as he went; But long before he reach'd the top Both breath and strength were spent. And though he bravely struggled on, Yet many falls had he; And in his clothes, so neat and trim, My second you could see. But then came heavy drops of rain, And mists began to rise, Until the path he scarce.could see A yard before his eyes. Then Johnny turned, and soon he heard The water's rushing sound: He tried to cross, but in my whole He soon was nearly drowned. For on the bridge he scarce had stepp'd, When with a crash it went ; And' backwards in the water threw Our friend-poor Johnny Kent. And long it seem'd ere he had sense Or strength to stem the tide, And then a weary, dreary walk To reach his own fireside.--J. s. c. III. My first is used to make this book; My second, is sometimes caught with a hook; My whole-ah ! you've got it, so wise you look. B. E. S.
IV. My frst is a nobleman's title, how grand Is his faultless attire, in yon foreign land ! My next protects houses from robbers at night, And keeps in the cash-box your money all right: My whole is an animal often abused, But willing, obliging, and kind, if well used.-n. c. V. In the sunny clime where the blue of the sky Is rivall'd by waters that under it lie; Where orange, and lemon, and myrtle grow wild, And the winds feel soft as the breath of a child; The land of the poets, the land of the brave, The land whose religion makes man but a slave,- 'Tis there I was born, and lived happy and free, Till thirteen bright summers had pass'd over me; Then my sorrows began, and year after year . The coat from my back I have known them to tear. Eight times did I suffer this violence and wrong; Each time I grew better, by suffering made strong. But enough of myself! I'd much rather tell How many misfortunes my poor coat befell: They first threw it in water, without any care (Although they all knew it had never been there); Then left it alone, for how long I can't say; But whilst it was lazily floating one day Its enemies came, and, without saying why, By a roasting hot fire they put it to dry. They cut it, and press'd it, and knock'd it about; No wonder that all sorts of shapes it came out. Then part went to Egypt, and in it when there The most precious of dust was kept from the air. Some went into rivers the nets to uphold, While part in the sea its dangers foretold. Now, if by mischance a limb you should lose, There's nought like my coat to' stand in your shoes: Nay, your shoes, I am sure, you'd much warmer find If the soles (like your hat) with this thing were lined. But if I say more my name I shall tell, Because it is one that you all know so well; Suffice it to say, that your ink will not spill, Nor med'cine upset that you take when you're ill, If you have but my aid, then all will be right (Provided, of course, that you fasten me tight); While all the "Kind Words" that you can see here I willingly helped to make them appear. My name you'll discover if you will but try; And so, my kind reader, I wish you " good-bye." VI. .J. S. C. 1. A place where the carriages are drawn by dogs. 2. A place where the fountains are boiling hot. 3. A place chiefly famous for cod and fog. 4. A place where you drink cider and eat cream. 5. A place which gives a title to the Queen's eldest son. 6. A place which saw Havelock's victories and death. 7. A place where they wear sheepskins and eat tallow. 8. A place having a celebrated cliff. 9. A place from which come silk and tea. The Initials will form the name of something to be found in many places, and everywhere welcomed.