ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c.
1. My first is a flower that smells fresh in the morn, And near it is found a small prickly thorn; My next which is needed for general use, On its bosom is seen in measure profuse; My whole makes together a lovely perfume Especially pleasant used in a small room. c. c. P. II. I'm small, but I'm mighty: no woman or man Has travelled as far as I instantly can. I am bright, I am soft. I am wet, I am dry, I am black as mirk midnight, and blue as the sky. I can stand on my head, or my feet all the same, And backward or forward no diff'rence can claim. In the dark I am useless; the light is my home, And far in its regions I constantly roam. From the star in the sky to the pearl in its shell, There's no creature exists that I know not well; But my force-is expended if hid from the view, Then nought can I know, and nought can I do. J. S. D.
III. That yod may not suffer from the latter part of this illustration, be careful to avoid the former. Iv. My first is a hunter both cruel and sly, S.No softly shod robber more stealthy than he, Far out in the night-time when nobody's by, Very valiant on land but a coward at sea. He loves the bright summer days, balmy and sunny, But I fear is too often a musical rake, Indulging in melodies plaintive and funny, That long after midnight keep people awake. My second's an article very much used, And one I am sure we could ill do without. My third I have seen of all sizes and shapes In pocket and bedroom, and concert and rout. It is formed of an animal's back I am told, And sometimes as well from the sap of a tree ; And if you have one of an elephant's tooth, Dear reader, I beg you pray give it to me ! If you journey to Egypt or wander to Rome, My whole I expect you will surely explore; But do not stray far from the luminous torch If you have a wish to see England once more. r. a. V. A manoceuvre. A woman's name. A name for spawn. Animal food. An ocean. A captive. An example. A precious stone. A well known object in Venice. To do wrong. The Initials will give the name of a good and great man in the reign of one of the Plantagenets, and the Finals will declare what post he filled. VI. NAMIES OF POETS. 1. Thirsty and the home of a wild animal. 2. Two-fifths of month and metal in a crude state. 3. Parts of speech and what is deserving. 4. Three-fourths of milk and twenty cwt. 5. A shell fish and a verb. 6. A preposition and three-fifths of round. A. B.