ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. -----♦-----
818. SQUABE WOBDS. A well known author in first Ib aeen; A beautiiul girl Is next, I ween ; A favourite for third put down; ТЫв ie fint'a occupation you'll own ; This ie not In, and one of yoar toes, Bat yoa muet first, I think, tranepose ; Sixth, after being transposed, ie to flee and a number Now, reader, I hope you'll find thie without a blunder. B. McDonald. 814. PUZZLE. Abbreviation of a kind of puzzles ; to prepare ekine ; a metal ; a measure, transposed. Whole le the capital of a ooantry. R. McDonald. 815. OHABADE. If you а river of Scotland behead, A wild herb you'll have instead ; Which, when beheaded and reversed, Showe that there'e a Scottish river left. R. McDonald. 816. REBUS. I'm a letter, etili I'm ti ree, A word you'll also find in me, And, when need, be it not denied, A question often is implied. R. J. W. S. 817. CHARADE. My firat an EngliBh town will show. No doubt yoa know Its name ; And what ie present yoa will find The next one will proclaim. Laet in ttie alphabet resides ; And total brings to sight A great music composer, Whoee talente were во bright. S. J. Dubban. 818. CURTAILMENT. Whole, I am a musical instrument ; twice curtail, and I am still a musical Instrument. S. J. Durban. 819. GROSS PUZZLE. My first le made by a fowl or hen ; An animal this, hunted by men ; Of liquore, thie Ib the Englishman'и choleo ; ТЫв animal Uvee on moss and ice ; A part of Africa is this, I ween ; An English island will now be eeen ; Thia, I ween, ie a kind of bird ; A deadly eerpent ls this, I've heard ; This is the residence of a pig. If the centrals are read down aright, An English colony will come to light. Т. H. Jackson. 820. DIAMOND PUZZLE. The centrale read and yoa will see, If yoa read across and down, A famous battle it will be, That is of some renown; My first le one-fifth of taper ; My next, you'll aee, ie a London paper; A ooln for my third pat down ; An English town, and a battle of renown ; An animal, and a musical instrument ; A Scotch river, and one-fifth of Trent Robert.