¡nigmatical &mb @1тшШщ Шхпаш FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. Tus Cylinder Puzzle.
us Ci Take a piece of cardboazd four inches long and make three holes in it, as shown below. The puzzle consists in making one piece of wood pass throngh the holes and exactly to fill each, although they are dissimilar ia shape. Ο Λ Riddle. As two ladies were walking in a garden, they saw a gül cutting a nose¬ gay. One of the ladies inquired who that girl was; the other said. я Why, that gi<Te mother is my mother'e only daughter."—»What relation was she to the girl?
Bouquet of Floweks Enigmatically Expressed. 1. The mirror of a goddess. 2. The sister of friendship unemployed. 8. The enemy of mankind in a thicket. 4. A vocal piece, and an insect. 5. A tree, and a luscious wine. 6. The nation's wealth. 7. The wonder of a city in America. 8. That which the jealous never enjoy. Transposition. In my character first I am captain aud head Of a numerous clan, which a long time I've led ; If despoiled of myself not a man would there be, Tet men become mean by thè presence of me. In my character second I bring up the rear Of the very same clan, although cross I appear : And though I'm unwilling the ladies to vex, Truth demands I should tell them that I'm in their sex. Ünite these together, examine them well. And nobles and kings they've been oft known to sell ; And these, though no longer they're used to destroy, In levelling timber their strength they employ.
The Duble-headed Puzzle. Cat а circular piece of wood, as in the cut в, and four othere like a. The puzzle consists in getting them into the cross-shaped elits until they looklike с Conundrum. What is that which you may touch with safety, play with innocently, put in your pocket roughly, but to injure would be certain death ?
Towns Enigmatically Expressed. 1. Two British rivers. 2. That which you are doing at this moment. 3. A bird, and a consonant. 4. The sound of a single woman's voice. 5. To lay up treasures. 6. Contention, and something belonging to a lamp. 7. To gain, and a city. 8. A tree, and a patriarch» Rebus. To a thing without which we can none of us live Add one letter in frout, when 'twill instantly give, Dr reveal I should say, that which cut wül still grow, As the trrass of the field which iu summer we mow ; Then before this again if a letter you place, You'll observe that which would any drawing-room grace ; Or should you at a public dinner be told To reclino in me, how could you nicely withhold Such an honour ? no, no, to refuse or object Would be very improper, and most incorrect·
Charade No. 1. My first is to injure ; my second is a disturbance ; and my whole ia very delicious on toast. Charade No. 2. My first is a very useful grain; my second is water in a congealed state ; and my whole forms а portion of drawing-room furniture. Charade No. 8. One day about four. Or perhaps rather more. My attention was called to a flower Which grows on the plain, Fills with perfume the lane, And twines gracefully over the bower· However, lest you ' Perchance fail to construe This charade, I'll endeavour to make it Much easier still. For divide it I will In the centre, when ifyou should take it. The first part I mean, Something nice will be seen That for sweetness is mostly selected By those who pretend To assist or befriend, ' . And is seldom or ever rejected. My second was done Years ago, not by one Person merely ; but all who could do it Were ready to prove The extent of their love. Now I thmk with this clue you'll get through it.
TO MAKE A READING-GLASS OUT OF TWO BOTTLtS. Fill two bottles with water ; place the one bottle across the other, as shown in this figure ; look at some print through the crossed portion, and yoa will see the reading considerably enlarged.
SOLUTIONS TO No. 8. Puzzle Proverb No. 1.—A small spark maketh a great fire. Enigmatical Ebbus No. 1.—Sapphyro—Tame—Rack—Avow—Tether- Ant— Gin—Enclose—Meadow. Initials—"Stratagem." English Towns Enigmatically Expressed.—1, Wood-stock; 2, Ton· bridge ; 8, Hit-chin ; 4, Bide-ford ; 5, Needham ; 6, And-over. Enigma No l —The letter R. Rebus No. 1.—CabineT — AbandOCn)— LaieaF — ImplicKt) — FaN — OnwarD—ReraGKe)—NegrO—EnthraL—AiD.—California—To find gold. Rebus No. 2.—PluM—AsiA—PinK—EntirE—ReaR.- Charadb No. 1.—A Cigar-light. Charade No. 2.—Leviathan. Paper-maker.
Awkward Dilemma.—A compositor in a country printing office, while Setting up an article for a newspaper, run out of the letter 0 : there was not another in the office not in use ; and the foreman, not anticipating what was to follow, bid him substitute another letter ; he did so, and the next day the readers were electri¬ fied by meeting a paragraph which run thus <—" Sx hx Jxhn ! hxw nxw ? Txld yxu sx, yxu knxw. Dxn't crxw anxther time, befxre yxu're xut xf the wxxds ! Dxes yxur mxther knxw yxu're xut ? Xh, nx, nx ! sx gx hxine at xnce, nxw Jxhn, tx yxur xdixus xld wxxds xf Oxncxrd ! Gx hxme tx yxur wxxds, xld xwl,—gx ! Yxu wxnt ? Xh, pxh, pxh, Jxhn, dxn't dx sx ! Yxu've gxt tx gx, yxu knxw ! sx gx at xnce and dxn't gx slxw ; fxr nxbxdy xwns yxu here, yxu knxw ! Xh, Jxhn, Jxhn, if yxu dxn4 gx yxu're nx hxmx— nx ! Yxu're xnly a f xwl, an xwl ; a cxw, a sxw ; a dxll, a Pxll ; a pxxr xld gxxd-fxr-nxthing-tx-nxbxdy lxg, dxg, hxg, xr frxg, cxme xf a Oxncxrd bxg. Cxxl, nxw—cxxl ! Dx be cxxl, yxu fxxl ! Nxne xf yxur crxwing! Dxn'tfrxwnsx— dxn't ! Dxn't hxllx, nxr hxwl, nxr grxwl, nxr bxw-wxw-wxw Gxxd Lxrd, Jxhn, hxw yxu dx lxxk ! Txld yxu sx yxu, knxw, but stxp rxlling yxur gxxse xf xld pxll abxut sx, and gx and drxwn yxur sxrrxws ш a bxwl ! "