FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Classical Rbbi/s No. 1. The initials of the following will namo one of the judges of tho lower world :—The capital of ancient Italy, а паше ot Mercury, the goddess of the morning, the goddess of contention, the goddess of eilence, the god of raillery, the god of poetry, the nymphs of rivers and fountains, ouo of the furies, a snake with seven heads slain by Hercules, the muae of astronomy, the god of the woods. Classical Rbbvs No. 2. The initials of the followiug will name a mountain in Thesealy, sacred to the muses :—A Ferpent which Apollo killed, and institutet games in its honour ; a man who kill· d his own sister, and was fastened to an eternally revolving wheel for punishment ; the beverage of the gods ; a beautiful woman changed into a laurel tree as she fled from ApoUo ; one of the " classic nine" who presided over astronomy ; a river in the lower regions by which the gods swore. Gboobaphical Rebus No. 1. The iniţiala of the following will name a noted Irish river :—A b*y in the south of Wales ; another name for Eist Lothian ; a port in the north of Киями; a river in Africa; an ancient town in Italy; a mountain in north America ; a Chinese city. Geographical Rbbus No. 2. The initials of the following will name a town in France, noted for having been for some years the residence of the Popes i—A city situated at the junction of two renowned Indian rivers ; a beautiful French palace built by Louis the Fourteenth ; one of the Ionian Islands ; a state of Central America; the third port of Sweden; a channel connecting the Adriatic and Ionian Seas ; a canton of Switzerland. Grookaphical Rebus No. 3. The initials of the foliowimr will name a manufacturing town in the North of England:—A river flowing into the North Sea: an island of France ; a county in the Lowlands ; a town in Ulster ; another name for Moray ; a European city; the capital of Bulgaria ; one of the Baltic Pro¬ vinces; a noted Asiatic river; an Irish lake; a town in Lancashire ; a bay to the West of Ireland. Riddle. On each side, and myself in the middle ; I'm a vegetable. Solve my riddle. Anagrams. Mud Rats—A plant. О Sir Pope—A fish. No Alms—A fish. Rat Sling—A bird. Slow Law—A bird. Mud Fires—A town. Go Sure—A bird. Sob Not—A town. Planes—A town. E. Taylor. T. Α. Rebus No. 1. My whole you'll see will name a city, That is to say, if you are witty ; Transpose me, that is if you can, And you'll find something made by man. Take out my middle, and you'll find That I am part of all mankind. Replace my centre, then take out One letter, when you'll see no doubt A man who once took life away, Or did a fellow creature slay. Rebus No. 2. Behead mc, when of course you'll see I wander up and down when free ; Replace my head, curtail, transpose, And you will instantly disclose A sound denoting grief and pain ; And then if you transpose again A η instrument most surely you Will bring to light, I should say view. Transposition. N L A F Μ O I G—A bird. MAARTNOO R-A wild bird. CIENUPOP R-An animal. I E G A F R F-A wild animal. O K N A G A O R—A beast. O T R E P O I>—A fish. U A R T S B D—A bird. R R I T G E D P A-A bird. A Z R Z D U B—A bird. O P О Ь C E K R E W—A bird. E C O C A K P—A bird. U E W R T V L-А bird. J. Hill. SOLUTIONS TO No. 52. Charades.—1. Man-drake. 2. Cod-ling. Transposition. — Sprat—Strap. Enigma,—1. A candle. 2. The letter O. J. E. Williams.