ENIGMATICAL PASTIES. —+~—
249. CnARA.DE. My first's an English title, The hfghrst that can be ; My second is a man's name ; I» that we must яцгее; My whole is a play by Shakespeari, Of that there can be no doubt ; Come, gather round, yo gucs3cr¡», And try to find it out. W. Cotle (Londonderry). 250. CHARADE. My primal is a river wh! in Flows in a distant laud, And one of fatue nud great renown It is, you'll understand; My final we bhould always do To conquer idleness; And if you cultivate my whele, You'll surely have euccess. Ernest Edmund Roberts. 251. DIAMOND PUZZLE. This is one-fourth of lent ; This Isa peg in a musical instrument; This is one striving to excel anothor; This is a reddish dye or colour; This is a large town iu England; This is to lay out or expend ; This is an East India carrier o orter ; This is one who likes his porter ; My last is called a liquid consonant ; The answer, now, is all I want. John Oliver. 252. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My primal, in Paris, you will certainly see, But in London you'll never perçoive it to be ; My second is what a large animal chews, You'U find it is true, if Holy Writ you peruse ; Very useful 11 third, and, if kept in repair, With it you may oat corns, or shave off your hair ; In the Sons of Britannia my centrals you'll spy, And lathe " Young Englishman " them you'll descry; Within the " Young Briton " they're frequently seen, Youll soon give the name of this pastime, I ween ; At Christmas, that season of mirth, fun, and bliss, Under fifth I bave frequently stolon a kiss ; My sixth oan make engines, or eteamboats so great, Or on Latin or Euclid can earnestly prate ; My final is neither square, oval or round, But in every house it is certainly found. REUX.AP (Sheffield). 258. TRANSPOSITION. Whole, an animal I proclaim ; Transposed, an ointment I will name. Fred. O. Finch. 254. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. An animal for first put down ; Next will name an Irish town ; A town in Spain my third will show; A foreign town is fourth also ; A goddess will in next be seen; An animal is this, I ween ; A measure t bis brings to your mind ; Last is an English tewn you'll find. Primais name a discoverer unte yoa, Born fourteen hundred and forty-two; Finals will a painter name; Whose works of art are known to f »me. Robert McCacohib.