ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
tøttrikttions for insertion im tkis Journal must be endorsed « ¡„tornaticeli Pastiniti." Solutions must he sent within A$ days of publication of tke JPasti/nss. All letters must bs iated. 29. DIAMOND PUZZLE. к consonant; a personal pronoun; a blood-sucker ; my hole; pertaining to the sight ; an English river t a conso¬ nant. The central letters across and down, Name an English city of renown. John Bkacall. 30. SQUARE WORDS. A volcano; an animal; to specify; a foreign town. Arthur. 31. CHARADE. My first is a soft plaoe, where maybe you'd sink ; My seoond is found in whiskey and drink ; In third an indefinite article's seen; And whole is a rebel, both petty and mean. Andrew Jack. 33. REVERSION. I hope the opposite of my whole, Ycra 11 ever try to be<¿ Reversed 'tia a fbh (but not a sole), Found in the briny sta. J, Rkacali.. 3S SQUARE WORDS. A Scotch town; a European river; placet of entertain¬ ment ; part of the face. R. YktésdŔe. 34. CHARADE. First's fit I think, Transposed nexi's a drink ; Now if you will combine the two You'll find the same in an interview. Charlies Griknhalgh. 85. REBUS. Intact 'mongst nature's scenes I'm dwelling. Beside the.wood; Behead, and from my form is welling, A liquor good; Re-head, and man my form is knowing, His appellation ; Transpose, it unto ail is showing A ration; Curtail twice, a person 'tit declaring. Nor I nor you; Twice re-head, another person's sharing, The place I view ; Curtail, the same is still appearing, Maternal name ! Transpose, 'tis often that we're hearing, Men are the tame. C. Humming«. 36. LOGOGRIPH. Complete I am a tree, But curtail and transpose, . And then another tree, I'm sure it will disclose. Si W. G. Алж/ньок. 37. CHARADE. I. How often on a racecourse, Men try my firet to do, How often in this busy life, . All try to do so too. At on the racecourse so with Hfe; My first all cannot do» Take three-fourths of a well-known drink. The word's then bro ight tp view. 2·. This will show part of your frame, îf you but find it out ; It also means a kind of box. Vou have it now tie doubt.
3. To third prefix a letter, then I guess a pronoun's seen, When talking of the female sex , The word's oft used I ween. *ь An English city whole will show When these are joined by you ; I cannot tell you more, for fear You'll find me out. Adieu ! Thomas Β. M. Ellkrv Tippktt. 38. REBUS. My whole is to charm ; bi head, I am a contract j behead again I am comfort; restore whole, behead, transpose, 1 am a frame; behead, transpose again, I am an animal; curtail, I am the ocean ; restore whole a¿ain and curtail twice, I am anapologv; transpose, I am to jump; transpose a?ain, I am a sound ; transpose again, I am wan ; behead, I am a liquor; transpose onca more, lam an English town. J. H. Dkrrinííton. 39. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A vowel; then part of the day ; To settle, my third will display ; My fourth is a novel of fame ; My fifth is a woman's name; Part of you my next will detect ; A vowel for my next select. The centrals read down and acros», I wot, Will name a novel by Sir Walter Scott. S. W. G. Adkinson. 40. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A part of the head j a large fleet; a reward; to encircle ap English town. The initials and finals read down will name a character in $ beautiful tale. Arthur. 41. SQUARE WORDS. 1. To him of timorous mind, My first is full well known ; 3. A volcano now please find* Then second will be shown. 8. Some busy insects bring to light, Then third you'll turely sec 4. And now my 1аП please guess aright, A grater it will be. Thomas B. M. EtLtRv Tippktt. 42. CHARADE. First an animal I'll introduce ι Next, same as primal, You'll please produce. My whole oft ţo first Will bring great wop, Though it is a most Terrible foe. Arthur. 43. CHARADE. My first is just reverse to < II ; Next a vessel, so I wat told ; The two when you combine aright, A famous town you'll have in sight· Charles Grbkhhalgh.