ENIGMAS, CHARADES, &c. I-
'Twas a dreary day in winter: The cold and cutting wind Sent rain and hail in sudden gusts That almost made one blind; Now Thomas H6dd was tired out, And scarce could make his way, For many miles to get my first He'd walk'd that bitter day. Now, as he homeward turn'd his steps, And thought of wife and child, How cold and hungry they must be, It almost drove him wild. Their landlord, too (a man not rich), Had said that very day, That from my second they must go If rent they could not pay. But as he came in sight of home He started with affright, For surely from his windows came That gleam of warmth and light; And soon he heard the pleasant tale That saved them from my whole,- A kind old friend employment gave, And sent both food and coal. J. s. c. II. Mlfy first in my second takes wondrous delight; And when it possesses his soul, He thinks that his merits entitle him quite To claim the great name of my whole. R. s.
III. My first is high, so my second weeps, And watches long,'but never sleeps: Nowv paces the room, then falls down on her knees, And prays for her loved one over the seas. While he with his comrades far away Has been merrily working my whole to-day; Is thinking of theseihe has left on shore; But the storm with him has long been o'er.-B. n. s. Iv. I am a name of nine letters. My 8, 6, 4, is a mineral. My 9, 4, 6, 2, 4, is a vegetable. My 7, 9, 4, is a solid. My 6, 4, 5, is a liquid. My 5, 4, 6, 8, is what girls co with worsted. My 5, 4, 9, 7, is what boys do with cord. My whole was the son of a poor mason. He fell from. the roof of a house when at work, became deaf, and was taken to the workhouse; was apprenticed to a shoe- maker; had longing desires for goodness, and a thirst for knowledge; became a missionary and an author, and has left behind him the results of his travel and study, which well illustrate the Word of God, V. 'TwAs'I that rush'd into the Alma's flood, That peaceful stream, dyed red withBritish blood; With an unflinching front I storm'd the height, Closed with the Russians, and compell'd their flight. I told the world the fight was lost and won; To me for news of father, husband, son, The anxious loved ones left in England turn'd, When mingled hopes and fears each bosom burn'd. I'm found at Paris and at Pergamos, At Athens, Nineveh, and Charing Cross. The eagles hover o'er me, yet I'm found In temples, and in palaces abound. I boast of many capitals,-but stay, Just look again-I've only one, you'll say. . That I'm in orders all men will confess, Whether in holy orders you may guess. I am a pillar of the Church, and grace The Parliament; but yet my end is base.-n. s. VI. 1. What the little children will give mother when she, gives them the first number of "' Kind Words." 2. What "Kind Words" will be to every reader. 3. What the readers of " Kind Words " will find in it they do not like. 4. What the engravings in "Kind Words" will produce in all the children's faces. 5. What "Kind Words" will be in every home. 6. What the bound volumes of "Kind Words" will be upon the table. 7. What "Kind Words" is intended for. 8. What the: Editor hopes all will be in supporting "Kind Words." 9. What the Editor is anxious to attain. The Initials will give something which is going to speak to boys and girls, and something which ali boys and girls ought to speak.