iEnígmatíical aio gKmuøtns ШхтШя FOR LEISURE MOMENTS.
Charade No. 1. Health, joy, and happiness, my first attend The ardent lover, and the tender friend ; And when tho name, as soou it must, shall coase, • In future blessings may sho find increase. In humble guise my second I present, Oft as a servant to Newmarket sent ; Yet let him to the wardrobe Ьалге resort, Rising in rank, he'll figure it at court. Uniting both will show the man you love, Of manners gentle, constant as the dove ; His name, too, fading, he retains another, As parent dear, and kinder than a brother. Charadb No. 2. My first is silent : my second is science ; my third is a preposition ; and my wholo is a town in Scotland. Charadk No. 3. My first is to choose, my second's a tool, And so is my whole, or else I'm a fool. Charade No. 4. A word I am of letters ten. My 8 5 7 is drunk by men, As aleo is my 4 55 6 ; My 3 8 9 is sometimes in a fix ; My 7 8 and 7 5 are both French articles ; My 3 5 9 and 6 2 3 are found in citadels ; My 10 8 9 and 9 5 10 are names of my 3 S 9 ; My 6 5 10 and 4 5 10 do both agree in rhyme ; My 6 8 3 aud 7 8 3 4 are names of animals ; And roy 4 5 8 2 is oft sought for by belles. If all these words you form aright, It will not take you long to bring my whole to light. -------- W.H. Wool. Rebus No. 1. Take the initials of the following words, and they will give the name of an English town ; an animal, a plant, a circle, a liquid, a sign of the Zodiac, a kind of pastime, a child's ornament, a plant, a conclusion, a measure, a public house attached to a barracks, and a seraglio. -------- G. Bowles. Febus No. 2. An autumnal fruit which is very nice, A kind of grain sometimes eaten by mice, A thing which is often found in the sea, A thing which people sometimes have at tea ; A thing without which yqn might catch a cold, A drawing which is very easy tofoid, A fish which is eaten by many a boy, A thing which oft causes merriment and joy, A place, without wbich we could not buy liquor, A tning which is generally carried by a vicar. If the initials of these words you now take. 'Twill givo a science which is capable a clever boy to mako. W. H. Wool. ARITHMETICAL· PUZZLE. There isa number which consists of 4 figures ; if the second be divided by 4 it will give the first ; if tho first be multiplied by 3 it will give the third; and if tho fourth bo multiplied by 2, it will givo tho second. The sum of first and second is equal to tho sum of the third and fourth, and the sum of all the figures is 20. What is tho number ? -------- W. H. Wool. Transpositions. R D А В BK I L С-A bird. TG S L A IR-A. bird. SACJIMDEC N—A kind of sweet grape. AGEEO.TLLR N—A. species of pear. A A H T Ď S С E—A kind of apple. E E E A R N G G G—A species of plum. L Y M M E A S—A sort of grape. RRTMWKOA A—A kind of pea. J. Hiu,. Conundrums. What town in England is composed of two parts of a man's faco. What part ofa carriage beheaded is part of the human body, and when .beheaded againis a fish. SOLUTIONS TO No. 41. Charades.—1. Up-roar. 2. Taper—tape—ape—tap—pat—pa. 3. Bar¬ gain. 4. Is-ling-ton. 4 Biographical Rebus.—Tü citus—Helena—Epaminondas—Montezuma— Ignatius—Sisyphus—Theocritus—Ocellus— Cleopatra—Lycurgus—Epic- tetus—Suetonius (Themistocles). Decapitation.—Tripe—ripe—pie. European Rivers Enigmatically Expressed,—1. Ebro (E-brown). 2. Arno. 3. Vistula (VI-stud-la). 4. Tiber (Timothy-beryl). 5. Don (D- on). 6. Elbe (Ell-be). Riddle.—A Thimble. Transpositions.—Gnatsnapper. Dotterel. Caterpillar. Death watch. Glowworm. Bearfly. Anagram.—Cambridge. Arithmetical Questions.—1. 288. 2. 35s. 3. 12 and 15 feet.