ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. 201
201. ENIGMA. Behold in me a trifling thing, As light as air, 'Ua aaid ; In various hues I may found, Sometime« blue, sometimes red ; Oft times in fielde I may be scen t From plaee to place ľm blown ; And Btrange, yet true, without me No bird alive ia knewn ; Sometimes I'm of no value ; By many held in eoorn ; Sometimes I cost muoh money, Grand ladies to adorn ; I am an ornament, oft found l'i on a person's head ; And comforting, I know I've been ; To you when in your bed ; In olden times of chivalry, The trusty knights me wore ; And even now ДЧп often teen On soldiers», as of yore. ι Fnxn. С Finos. 209. BIOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC. A president in this you'll view, Was born seventeen hundred and thirty-two; A female writer this will .show ; An English divine ia thia I know ; A philosopher in this is shown, Hie works to many are well known ; An orator this will name. ¿ An Italian poet known to fame; A poet from Franoe thie will discloeo; A poet and divine this shows ; The greatest admiral ol the eea; An Irish poet this will be ; A musical composer's here ; A great reformer does now appear ; The last of all to you will faia To bring a poet out oi Spain ; The primais read down will show A great reformer you aU know. Robebt McOauohik» 208. CHARADE. My first is a battle notorious, Where the British proved victorious ; It was a battle hard fought. A victory dear bought, Won by British valour во glorioup. My next in bold worda will display A road, or a manner, or way; First and second now link.' And, I've cause then to think, A calendar you've got, clear as day. Job Fnmuu 204. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant, andan English river ; My third a river in Scotland discover ; A bag in my fourth is seen ; My fifth is a puzzle. I ween ; This is a river, in America found ; This is an English Cape, I'll be bound ; My eighth is a poet of renown ; A European lake for this put down ; My tenth is a European lake ; A celebrated poet for this please take ; Young animals are always thie, I ween ; A river in France in this ie eeen ; A dwelling and a consonant put down ; The centrals will name a poet of renown Roaamr. S05. DECAPITATION. Often in this, if, when at school. You leave your books and play tbe fool ; Decapitate, and then I show A tale of aorrow, grief, cr woe ; Again deprive me of my bead, A seed or plant yon 11 have instead ; Behead once more, aud bring to view An animal well known to you. TitoxAS TtmriN (Armigli!): SOLUTIONS. 200. — Ladoga, Maelar, Parim*. Thus :—1. LaMeP (palms). 2. AlexAndrA. 8. DrEaB. 4. OvLel (olive). 5. GerAniM (geranium). 7. AuslRiliA. Вонат,