ENIGMAS, CHARADES, ETC. I.
To whatever part of the globe you repair, East, west, north, or south, you will find I am there; I am seen in the desert, the palace, and cot, Indeed, 'tis a puzzle to say where I'm not. I repose in the pyramids vast, and the case That containeth the mummy reserves me a place. I dance in the sunbeam, I sweep o'er the plain, You call me a nuisance again and again. I'm an inmate of Karnac, at Thebes too I dwell, I was known to be present when Jericho fell; I am carried away by the hurricane's breath, I scatter the seed of destruction and death. I scorn the pretensions of mortals below, And gather the harvest of all they may sow. Are not Tadmor and Tyre of their glory bereft ? Survey the vast ruin ! I only am left. I'm as old as the earth, saw the mountains upheaved From their primeval strata ere life was conceived; I'm the end of all beauty, of life I'm the sum, With the dead I commingle, the grave is my home. I cleave to the skirts of the peeress, the sage Inscribeth my moral in many a page. To moralize longer I'm sure 'twere a shame, And so, gentle reader, pray what is my name ? ZETA. II. To make flat. A number. Middle of the day. A colour. Three quarters of scent. A snare. A girl's nickname. To repeal. Two-fifths of a statue. The goddess of hunting. To grind the teeth in a rage. A Hebrew measure. The initials, read downwards, give the name of a thoroughfare over, and the finals, upwards, a thorough- fare under, water in London. A. W. HANDS. III. My first is double, and my second too. My whole's.the same; now this will puzzle you. UNCLE STEPHEN. IV. A PARTY OF SCROOLGIRLS. A vowel, a consonant, a boy's name, and an interjec- tion. A thoroughfare transposed. A vowel, thin, and a conjunction. To shut up, a vowel, a flea, and a vowel. A consonant, a personal pronoun, and an article. A consonant, sick, and an interjection. J. W. BISHOP. A PROVERB. 1223 42536 7268 928101191. J. LEATHART. VI. My first is food for horse and cow, My second often makes a vow; Under my whole went fast asleep The boy they sent to guard the sheep. A. M. A.