ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES.
Contributions for insertion in this Journal must be endorsed " Enig malical РалИчш." Solutions must levent u-iiUin six datis of publication of tlte pastimes. All lettere must bo dated. 137. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant my first will be, My second is a weight you'll see; Another one my next will name, And then put down a battle of ?..me;
Then a beautiful flower is secu. My sixth is an insect, I ween ; This pu author will call to mind, A flower now you must find; Another flower, but not the snmc, My next is an English town of fame; And now a female n mic is seen, This is the stern of a boat, I ken ; A conson -nt my last will name. The centrals is'an author of fame. 138. DIA-ON AL PUZZLE. My first a maritime term wiU name ; An animal, please, find tor second; Then an English general of fame; My fourth to gaze at is reckoned ; For my last a bird put down, Head cross« aj s if two Scotch towns. Rodert. Robert. 130. Whole, I am a river in Somerset ; transpose mc, I am a a town in Buckinghamshire ; transpose me again, I am used in music. Behead me, I am a uumbcr ; curtail me, I am a weight ; behead and curtail me, I am a preposition. Omit my second letter and transpose, I am a number ι revers·.· it, and I am used by fishermen. Omit my third letter, and I am part of the foot. F. Тевпв. 110. DIAMOND PUZZLE. My first is one-fourth of same ; A short sleep my next will name ; For my third a weapon is seen ; These are royal residences. I ween ; My fifth will name a Spanish town ; A river in Europe for next put down ; A looped rope my seventh will nume ; My eighth is an animal of fame; This is a vowel you will find ; Centrals a town will bring to mind. Robert. 141. SQUARE WORD. My fust is the opposite to slow ; A river that through Europe flows ; A kind of duck my next w'lli discloso; This is a girl's naine, if you transpose. For my last, if you put down arigüt, Buds it will biliig to light. R. Crosslbt. 142. SQUARK WORD. My first a kind of iruit will be ; Stiai.ht marks for my next you'll see; My third will name a country of lame; What wc all have this will name ; An equal part my last will disclose, But you must first tran.-pose. Robert.