3Sntgrøatical uïïU ШштИщ ШхтШ» FOR LEISURE MOMENTS. —oo—
Enigma No. 1. Young gentlemen and old gentlemen, tall gentlemen and short gentle- meu, permit mo to introduce myself to your notice. In those days of crinoline and train skirts, I ri ther calculate that young ladies are un¬ pleasantly aware of my existence, so I will not addrese myself to them. My effects are striking, potent, and coercive. You never saw me, cannot see me, and never will see me. It would confound Euclid and a score of Cambridgo wranglers to describe my limits, and it would puzzle Zadkielor " any other man " to tell from whence 1 come. I whistle a very peculiar tune, but it is as ancient as myself, and in the new music of Boosey and Chappell I take no delight. I howl strangely and dis¬ cordantly, and hearts that have stood undismayed upon the battle-field, have quailed at the sound of my voice. I will not waste any more of my time or yours by flattering myself. Go to Bath, or Brighton, and within two days you are sure to hear and feel me, and see some of my '* striking effects." . Edwin Taylor. Enigma No. 2. Transpose a .speci es of tobacco, and you will perceive a frightful cut, which, if you decapitate", becomes that which can be made by smoking what I was first, and if'you make what I am when second into what I am thirdly, it would most likely ba its death. Joseph Mason, Transposition. Strange things we see in this our day, So coinè with me, and prove, for play, That whole I'm found in every school, But, when transposed by law and rule, Eaoh boy who does me .wants the rod, If not tbo'panishrnent of " quod." Which'is'eclipsed, I'd have you know, In honour by the " status quo." Names of Animals Enigmatically Expressed. 1. Five hundred, and a noted king of Bashan. 2. Two-thirds of misery, a liquid, and the beginning of fun. 8. A well-known English verb, a vowel» and a liquid. 4. A pronoun, a conjunction, and two-thirds of an ell. 6. Three-fourths of a horn, and two-thirds of the sea. β. A venemous serpent, and a liquid. 7, Nothing and ten. 8. A thousand, and a plural verb. 9. A cqnsonant, a verb, and a preposition. 10. A hundred, half an Italian city, a flsh, one, -and * French article. 11. To breathe ex- cltedly, and a pronoun. 12. A Scotch river, andathird of a bitter herb. Charade No. 1. f My first is a part, and my second is less ; Now, were I to marry my own charming Bess, I'd rather she'd not be my whole. Am I right ? I know you all think so. Dear readers, good night I Rebus No. 1. 1. The great depot for the once powerful Hansa League. 2. The capit-Л of a South American state. 3. A simple form of bond. 4. A famous English historian who died in the year 1770. δ. A watering-place in the north of England, β. A battle, in which the English, under Marl¬ borough, defeated the French. 7. A celebrated Roman historian. The Initials of the above give the name of a large seaport of England, and the Finals the name of a poet born there. John M. Lennard, Jün. Geographical Rebus. The Initials of the following will give the name of a well-known town in India, a large town in Turkey in Europe, a shire in the west of Scot¬ land, a castle near London, a river in the west of Russia, a battle-field in France, a seaport in the south of Russia, a river in France, and a river in Turkey in Asia. Jas. Kirrwood. Horticultural Rebus. The Initials of the following will give the name of a well-known vegetable :—A vegetable that grows in the form of a long conical root, another spherical root, a round root, a fruit whose former name was the Armenian plum, a very useful herb used for culinary purposes, a well-known spherical fruit, the name of a well-known tree. Mechanical Rebus. The Initials of the following will give the name of a very necessary part of a steam-engine, a force pump—an instrument for ascertaining the amount of the pressure of steam and-the state of the vacuum through¬ out the stroke of the steam-engine, a large axle, a hollow journal, an eighth part of a circle, a figure of nine angles. SOLUTIONS TO No. 49. Geographical REBUS.--Celebes—Lucerne—Yucatan—Donegal —Ebro — Clyde. Riddle.—Fleet—Leave—Eaves—Event—Testy. Charades.—1. Cot-ton. 2. Water-loo. 3. Lion-ant. 4. Teeth. Enigma.—Ink. Enigma.—Block—flock—lock—rock—Cork—York—pork. Transpositions. — Starling — Ostrich — Hippopotamus — Capuchin— Cochin-china — Stickleback — Retriever — Oyster-catcher — Sycamore- Peregrine. Latin CoNUNDEU-M.—Obtineo, to possess. 1. Conundrums.—The one sees a ship, aud the other ships a sea, 2. Tyne-mouth. 3. The Sea. 4. The Wye.