IN THE KINGDOM OF PUZZLEDOM.
HERE was much applause when the curtain fell. The Twelve Merry Little Folks had done their best. They might not be very good actors, even when it c-, was only birds they were acting, but if people do their best, that is sufficient; and most of them threw themselves into the characters, and made great fun. Flopsy and Popsy werekissed and praised, and as for Trot, the audience made enough of him to satisfy even May's heart. Pim's position was a most extraordinary one. Prepared for failure, and beginning to act in the very lowest spirits, he found himself the hero of the piece-his success boundless. He was, in fact. as the Irish housemaid described it, "the brag of the party." At first he felt sure that the cheers were ironical, and on the verge of tears declared he would act no more, but throw up his part. But when he discovered that he was really being applauded, his exultation then was as great as his depression had been before.
Toodle declared that having tasted the delights of being a policeman, he would enter the force the first day, hour, and minute that he was old enough to do so; and he went wildly about the room waving his barton, and asking everybody, " What is the regulation age ?" " Wait a minute, my dear boy," said Mr. Peter Mildmay. " Is it a riddle you are asking me? What is the regulation age ? Dear me! what a very odd riddle ! " "I say," cried Noodle, " we had puzzles last Christmas." "And I say," said Mr. Peter Mildmay with bland self-satisfaction, " you will have Puzzles this Christmas, for I have taken the liberty of bringing with me some, which it will give me great pleasure to hand over to any of my young friends who would like to go in for prizes." Full particulars respecting the Prize Competition in connection with the Puzzles on pages 21 to 25-open to all readers of LtI'rrLE FoLKS--will be found on page 48.
ABCD ..IL ... I. 1,HY ARE TIHESE DOGS LIKE THE STRAPS ROUND THEIR NECKS? 2. TIWENTY shillings. Six boys Came to share these twenty joys ; Yet as older, every brother Each shall have beyond the other Half-pence five. Tell me now, you who can count, What will be each boy's amount. 3. ' SERVANT was sent to change a five-pound note, and she brought back a hundred silver pieces, among which there was neither half-crown, florin, shilling, nor six- pence. Will you tell me what the several little piles of silver she placed on the table consisted of, and the number of each kind of coin ? 4. ONE April day I chanced to meet A queer thing moving up the street. It was not dead, 'twas not alive; No man to make it might contrive. It could not fly, and yet I found It touched not in its course the ground. 'Twas neither green nor round nor square; No human being sent it there. It had not legs, or feet, or head, Yet as I stared it past me fled, It made no sound, it gave no sign; What this thing's name was pray divine. 5. ! MAY be short, 1 may be long, I may be dull, or bright, sir ; I may be wet, I may be dry, I may be dark or light, sir. From cold to hot, from hot to cold, I'm never made, or bought, or sold. Yet though from all extremes I range, 'Tis strange I never feel a change.
6. JAIY whole can restrain my first from giving my second to anybody. 7. CIX LAZY POSTMEN I-HACKED FIVE QUEER BIG J E\S, they say- Where could you find all the letters, I pray ? 8. W1HICH letter in the alphabet is likely to stand for the longest time? 9. /HEN did a useful article, after devouring a letter of the alphabet, become a vegetable ? Io. IHAT mountains are most useful to school children ? Ir. PLACE six nuts in these saucers so that no two shall be in a row.
o010ololololo01 oloooloo 0 oloiololoio olololololo 12. JUNDREDS of us stand in a row, j As bigger and bigger still we grow; Heads so fine, but never an eye, One leg only can you spy. Crinklum, cranklum, robed so fine In skirts the colour of good port wine ; Crinklum, cranklum, bodies we've none, Give us a name, for the riddle is done. oooooo~
,9., 41 13. WHAT WAS THIS OLD GENTILEMAN WHEN lIE SAW TH Bo TKING THE LAST OF IS PEACHES? TH OYTKIN H ATOFHSPAHS
14. JN \V1IAT WAY DC) T1IIICS: TrWC PICTUC)ES RESEMIBLE EACII OTIIEI ~ N. - 9 x-~ N j a N"' N-~
15. ONCE, having been of a whole shilling winner, I thought I 'd ask some neighbours round to dinner. Twelve good folks came, insisting all to pay Their share, which each one did in his own wa\. For some were poor, and some were well to do, And women came and brought their children too. Some handed fourpence, some but twvopence gave, While each poor child could but one farthing save; .Mothers, one halfpenny to pay were willing : WVhen all had done they just made up my shilling. Hoxw many women, children, men were there, And what was women's, children's, and men's share? FIVE WELL-KNOWN PROVERBS TRANSPOSED. WHATI ARE THIEY ? i6. N" EW pets are dull, Sir T-." 17. " UP on that : I permit the key of." i8. " NOR Nip the pig sat on the hen. Fudge, idiot." 19. "IS Minnic's the vainest cat ?" _o. , IF they run off, I go not near the pit."' 21. WHAT kind of fruit most resembles a statue ? 22. SEEKING for a foreign bird, I found half of it in my purse, the other half ran in the yard. What bird was it ? 23. tHE miser gives me willingly as he goes upon his way, While with the foolish prodigal.'tis known I never stay. For me the warrior draws his sword, and wields his shining blade; Yet in the field the soldier proud of me is found afraid, 24. ONE half in the heavens, One half in the sea; I have heard this thing talking As sure as can be.
.i T Ti
;1 ý- ý , ý =
25. YOC call me long, You call me short, And yet I have no measure. You call me good, You call me had, I've neither will nor pleasure. I serve you, though I nothing do, l':ach time we meet I'm something new. 26. J~Y first you take where'cr you go. My second you often feel, I know. My whole is very sweet, I troyw. 27. I RA\ISEI my voice, and often too, To tell of something always new. Something that never was told before ; That as soon as told is past and o er. F'olks pause and listen to what I .'-a),
Give me a stare and then hurry away, Hurry the faster-to work or play. Sometimes a pretty maiden lingers, To press my hands with her dainty ingers; To smile in my face and to wish me well, For all the wonderful things I tell. t'ity me, girls-for it is a shame- And do me the pleasure of guessing my name. 28. EAVY on the troubled mind ; Heavier on the aching back; Heavy on the carrier's cart; Light may be in well-filled sack.
29. HlY IS TmIs DONKEY W\ORTH STOPPING TO LOOK AT ?
30. I-I EN.1 is a little boy's hair like a blind man's dog ? 31. "J HEN does a brother speak of his sisters as so many mirrors ? .:.... . 32. HJI- FIN do a number of railway carriages clear the road the Queen has taken 33. IL'\T tree would you wrap round the baby at Christmas ? ..... 34. OUTI' of what word can be made the following sen- tence :--''Sam, sir, is a iniser-a man in a snare" ?
/ £~ >ý; 9d i~,k I>\{K:+ I~ ;fs-! \\ \ýý\ N NT r;i ---·-- - ~-- -I 7b·c- -~C- - SA c.TD \ i iir or B rim. ,."-- ý mo/ \. i ý ýl ,ý i ` _ ý 117 i r ý J ý ; tý . C : , ý ý` ý _ ,r Q , . .> , : ,JýI`{ý 'ý{,' ýý 10 U/ý rJ Io ý. 1 ý 'ý I l ý / D ý~' ry, / ý ! ti, " 'ý ° . ýý /! +'ý ý\ý ý ýýUl "11'.x Ik , J 11 1 .4I/s ii 1fGII1 aI C Uý ý 1 P\\ ý r~lj~t Up/=N IIý" ý,jI = _- D ýRT.1us s_ CI c~A C1.11 ~213 ?ýý ii \ 35.A HVEOF IG 'S
COLLECT all these B's, take them one at a time, And arrange them in order of sensible rhyme : 36. [ EADS that never held a thought. -Fyes that never glanced at aught. Hearts that never fondly beat. Tongues that never cared to speak. Hands that seem to have no will. Arms that pose-all stiff and still. Legs that never vet did run. Feet that races never won. Lips that ne'er were seen to smile, .Mouths that sometimes stretch a mile. Teeth that serve, but not to chew. Brows you reach with much ado. Necks that break before they bend. Do these puzzle you, my friend? 'Think again-you know them all- Soon their names you will recall.
37. IHY do all children often feel an interest in the days of chivalry ? .:.. 38. ' first runs; my second hangs ; and my whole may J have been in your hand. 39. fINDI) out a certain number consisting of four figures. If the second of these be divided by four it will give the first. If the first be multiplied by Chree it will give the third; and if the fourth lie multiplied by two it will give the second. The amount of the first and second is equal to the amount of the third and fourth. The sum rs all the figures is twenty. Find out what are all these numbiers.
But B not impatient, and B not afraid, Or you'll 1 quite B'wildered and B long delayed. 40. lTWO-FIFTHS of me form an abbreviation ; one-fifth is a numeral; my last two letters are vowels; join them all together and swallow my whole. 4r. ELL:\, and Bella, and Janet-three ('hbattering sisters were drinlking tea ; When in came a child with curly head, WVho kissed them all, and saucily said : " Good morrow, auntie," and then to the next " Good morrow, auntie ;" but to the next "(;ood morrow, madam ! Nay, don't look vexed, I f you were my aunt, as these ladies be, I would say, 'Good morrow, clear aunties three;' As it is, you are ' Dear Madam,' to me."
;- f 42. WHERE SHOULD "rTHESE LITLE FOLKS BE ALL SI.ENT TO? 43'. J HE initials, school-girls find it out. The finals, something that's about. A saint my first, of great renown; Banished from Antiochls fair town. From ancient Gaul these warriors came Where now has passed their ancient fame. Each scholar knows this leader bold, Part founder of an empire old. The name of many a mighty Pope, In whom the church has placed its hope. She raved, inspired, or so she said ; And awful terror round her spread. O royal city of the past ! No longer do thy splendours last. One fought and prayed in Eastern climes, Founding a faith in troubled times. A Pagan god of mighty sway ; His altars all are passed away. The mother of the god of wine, Who oft was served with rites divine. 44. J-ALF immortal; half a fish; as sweet a flower as eyes could wish. 45. HOME for the holidays, Tom, John, and others, J Schoolmates and cousins, their friends and brothers ; Who so noisy, happy, and gay, Out for a Christmas holiday ? In they went to a pastry shop, For tart, and lozenge, and " ginger-pop "; Some liked Bath buns, some liked spice, But they all agreed that good things are nice. The mistress meanwhile kept a note Of things that vanished down each young throat ; Then summing them up in black and white She presented a bill that puzzled them quite; For it left them to find out what each lad's share, All paying alike as 'twas only fair. So they sat down to reckon-the boys were many, The bill altogether being ten shillings, one penny. Can you tell me, pray, what each boy should pay To make up the sum spent that winter's day. Now point your pencil, and fetch out your slate, And tell me the answer while here I wait.
46. )1 SHEPHERD lad sitting on a stile watching his flock saw another shepherd driving his tired sheep along the dusty high road, and, seeing he had come from market, called out, - " I say, Giles, how many sheep hast took to-day i' the town ?" The new comer stared in a bewildered sort of way, and said, " He didn't know, 'xactly. He had left some, and had sold some, and had given away some; but he'd fifty- three now left." Then he pulled out a torn scrap of paper, on which some one had scribbled for him, " Farmer Evans's sheep-sold three-tenths ; left, two-fifteenths ; given away, one-eighth." " I dunno, now, what he all makes," remarked Giles; " but I tell 'ee what, Joe Griggs," with a sudden idea, " If thee'll let me have a third part of thy flock I'll ha' just the same number as I had at starting." I-low many had Joe Griggs, and how many had Giles at starting ? 47. 71 PIPPIN? a pippin? 'Well, boy, let me see, - You go in the garden and gather for me The few that are left on the old apple-tree. Give half of the whole that you find to your mother, And, child, mind you give her just half of another. 'I'hen halve the remainder with dear cousin Bell, Adding half of a pippin to please her right well. Now if rightly you've counted, one pippin remains, I am sure you deserve it, my boy, for your pains. 48. WHAT kindly word do you turn into an abusive one if you merely strike out a single letter in it? - , 49. WHAT MOTTO DOES THIS PICTURE ILLUSTRATE?
50. WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THESE TWO BOYS? .r. W2HEN a man falls and lames himself, what kind of ass does he most require? 52. AN AFFECTING L E G E On a dear old Pet, by a dear little Mistress. ASS or a BR. ABY gg ahs. DL o R. Aeds KCir T y N n U f f o Strosllao D DLuo cd n a gn Inwor Dmor fyb a B Ru ode Vase h Etir no va fd N aD Ne Irf Dna L Dn Uo Fwe nAA SS or a Brab! 53. " BOY was asked how many marbles he owned? Placing them in lots of two each he had one left; then he put them in threes, still one remained ; then he tried placing them in fours, still one was odd ; the same when he counted them in sixes-there was yet the one. At last he tried how seven would do, and they left each pile equal and no remainder. How many marbles had he ? 54. THE workman uses me; the farmer destroys me; the bumpkin avoids me-he thinks me " unlucky "- yet laughs to see his baby do me. 55. I SAW a raven, grey and old, that spoke like you or I. Said I, "Sir Raven, pr'ythee tell what your true age may be." Croaked he, " In just another year, if you can count, I shall be, sir, as many days old as the clock has told in just that twelvemonths past; so now you can reckon and find in your way, how many years old I am to-day."
56. W1IHEREABOUTS in London would a traveller be always sure to find a soft bed? 57. WHEN a fishmonger does not succeed in business, what had he better do? 58. UP stairs, Down stairs, And in my lady's chamber, All the night we quiet keep, Not one of us a ranger. All the day we've seen and heard, Silent ever unless we've stirred, And though we visit each noisy race Untouched we would never change our place. 59". HEN may you conclude there is an insect in the alphabet ? 60. WHY is a moth flying towards the gas like a boy just getting off a pony? A FRENCH \WORD PUZZLE. 61. ]FWO foreign damsels to a baker went, To have a certain dainties was their intent- Jam tarts and buns, And British sally luns- Each thing of one same price, And very nice. 'Mid busy chatter, laughing clatter, They quickly emptied every platter. Then one did say, " Sare, what we pay ? " And straight their bill upon the counter lay, Whereon the sum was totalled in odd fashion, That might have put some ladies in a passion. Two words were they alone in letters round; Nor mention made of sou, or cent, or pound. Two words in French, that with all rationality Showed what they owed, and what their nationality. Pronounce these words; divide their meaning, pray; Tell what each maid in cakes had spent that day. Divide again, and the clear fact you'll reach How many cakes each had at two sous each. 62. WHY SIIOUI.D THIS CARPENTER MARE ALL THESE PUZZLES CLEAR TO YOU?