ENIGMATIOAL PA9TIIVIES, Contributions for insertion in this Journal must b* tndorttd " LiugmatUal Pastimss." Solutions must bt tent within six days of publication of thspatiimtt, AU letters must bt dated. 1. CROSS PUZZLE.
6. Below you вее What pleases me, A journal known to fame ; Just con it down, And soon make known This noted journal'· name. A grain, 'tie neither wheat or barley; A toy which I will buy for Charley; When 1 was at school I lud much eport ; I spilt all the next which Dr. B. bought j ľhis '·|' printing is a kind; And now 1 '11 urit ig belore your mind A mag. iu it you'll eee the next ; 7. A tale, a letter mind there is annexed; b. My eighth ie tres utile, although it is small; У. A dwelling there is which my i.iuth you may call; 10. An animal, eome of them run very fast ; 11 And now I must tell you, l've come to you my last. H. L. Nicholson 2. LOGOGR1PH. When intact I 'm but a eound, O'er the ocean wave, I bound, My use in illness oft is found. Now behead me, and 1 bore Once the world from shore to shore, Floating stormy billows o'er. Next restore me and curtail, Then 1 shall a hindrance teil, Now, my friends, I '11 say " Farewell." H. V. E. Grant. 3. SQUARE WORDS. A city of fame, My first will name; To turn out of hed is my second ; A weapon my third, Of it you have heard ; My fourth a small island is reckoned ; My last I tell you, Ib to boil or to stew ; But mind yeu must first it curtail ; Unless you do this, You 'II make a sad mis·, And in solving this riddle you '11 fail. H. L. Nicholson. 4. LIPOGRAM. Ye Mrna of Egnd, Tat gad or ntve ваз, Woe fg hs baed a tosnd у аз, Te btle ad te beze. Charlxs Hrmmings. 6. PUZZLE. Two Cs, a T, An О, а В, An A, an M, A U, an N, Pitase rightly mix, With what's iu RISK ; You then will see, That they shall be A statesman's name, Well known to fame. H. L. Nicholson. 6. CHARADE. All Youno Britons wish to 2 3 4 5, My 2 5 4 3 il an Hebrew name ; To overcome 6 4 3 2 every person should strive, My 4 3 1 6 is a kind of frame ; On 3 1 6 you have been I dare say, And 5 2 5 is the close of the day. My 13 4 3 2 every Young Briton should be, My 4 3 2 5 is worthless, or mean ; My 2 3 1 5 on animals you may see, And 5 2 3 was a pionhet 1 ween ; "Whole : I am a general of great fame, Can you my readers, give hie name. J.T.Palmir, 7. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A port in Prance; a port in Russia; a tribe of Israel; a town ш Japan trantposed ; an island of Europe ; a county m Ireland. The primals down will name a great musician, a nd the finals one of his compositions. G. E. WlLKINS.
METAGRAM. My whole is to oppress you '11 find ; But please decapitate, And then, from wtiat is left behind, Complete will emanate; Behead again, and then transpose, A bird comes to your view; Behead this bird, and you'll disclose That is, now that is true, Samuel Crkeland. 9. CHARADE. A maiden fair in the forest one day Went out to meet her Sir Peter ; But an animal fierce with иг ly teeth Appeared, and threatened to eat her. Sir P., he was her " lovyer " bold Handsome, and a six feeter A capital whole at the fêles he proved A gallant knight was Sir Peter. And as the beast, with its long fangs, Would certainly soon have killed her, Sir P. from his first sent a quivering shaft, Aud thus saved the life of Matilda. Her head on his arm, ht r face to his, What mortal last could resist it, Yes ! many a knight had done it before, He smiled, and sweetly.—he kissed it. W. B. Mason. 10. SQUARE WORDS. My first is a kind of fly, My second a title will give ; My third signifiée verily, In fourth some people live. J. T. Palmkr. 11. DOUBLE ACROSTIC I saw it beneath a mossy bank, ' Near yonder purling stream, Where lambkius often came and drank, And basked in Sol's bright beam. Absorbed, I watched it for an hour, Down in the grassy vale ; Emblematic is that flower, Which rears its head so pale. 1. When honest people are at rest That's the time which suits me best ; With gamekeepers in the wood I oft engage iu deadly feud. 2. Iu Dublin town, of great renown, A building you will see ; Great festivals, concerts and balls, Are often held in me. 3. A traveller tired, cold, and damp, Wending his way o'er a dismal swamp, Suddenly espied a "meteor spark," Which lured him on to the densest dark. 4. No "military honours" o'er the grave Were given to our hero brave ; No monument records the spot Where Englaud's gallant son was shot. John Nix. 12. ANAGRAMS ON SOLDIERS. 1. The English are wrong to engage. 2. That fellow drunk our gin. 3. Girl, he can fight for Ireland to the earth's end. 4. 11 ! tbe Roman Pope often errs. IJ. Sir, will Napoleon's army begin ŕ John Nix. 6. Son Jack, we're not all angels. 13. CHARADE. My first quickly flies, My second a portion descries, My whole a clock of any size. F. J. Stihsom. 14. ENGLISH SEAPORTS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A point of the compass ; and part of a candle. 2. Place· for ships ; and part of the face. 8. A small oceau ·, and a stream. 4, Not old ; and a place lor ships. 6. Animals and an entrance. 6. Wide ; aud stepe. W. F. Tälndm. 15. METAGRAM. Whole I am to masticate, place a head upon me and I am a kind of clay, again change my head and I am to sit upon, change my head again and I am tidy, again change my head and lam warmth, if my head is again changed I am food. ľ. J. S π ii »on. 16. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 1. A consonant. 2. Bulky. 3. A woman's Christian name. 4. A Latin historian. 6. Harsh. 6. To demand. 7. A consonant. The centrals read downwards name a Latin Historian. W. F. Tkin uk.·. t W o S B I 2 h
17. ANAGRAMS ON SOLDIERS. 1, Sober partner iri. 2. Every chilk arnos. 8. Ode king to fun well. 4. Cold biver terrol. 6. Rash bov crimp bearer. 6. Mother Morsaisi. R. CaobSLťY. 18. CHARADE. A domestic animal first bring to mind, Then a vowel for my second find, My third is used to decorate the head, And my whole is a place to bury the dead. SWEKKeTAKKS. 1Э. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A season this will bring to mind, 2. A town iu Ireland this you '11 And, 3. Maritime this will show, but please to curtail, 1. To show a drug this will not fail, 0. A repulsive object this truly is, 6. Every last I meet my " Liz," Select a letter from each line, Au author you will then descry, The initials dowu reveal a British town, The finals a river on which the town dues lie. Charles Hbmminus 20. CHARADE. All in a hurry, flurry, skurry, Knters maid of all work, Mary, Why what's the matter ? matter first, I 'd kill our cat, if that I durst ; The pair of soles, first master's fish, The cat has stole from off the dish. How troublesome a thing ie second, The mischief done cannot be reckon'd Within these drawers, the clothes, I fear, Will all be quite unfit to wear. Whole has been a prodigious wonder, Its vast r»mains would make one ponder; Though not extant in this our day, Tis very quaint I 'm sure you '11 say. Alpha.