NUTS TO CRACK.
[With the exception of the picture puzzle, the whole of the following we-re submitted for the "Original Puzzle Com- petition" in October.] To the first six, by Gwenellen J. Webb, were awarded the first prize. I. A BURIED FOREST. The name of a tree will be found in each of the following lines. One day I chanced a road to take Which led up lanes, where green trees made Tall arches, meeting far o'erhead, Through which, like fireflies, sunbeams played. 'Twas harvest time; around me lay Broad fields of rye where poppies bright Sprang up in every little nook, Like tiny red-cloaked elves of light. With gladness I beheld ere long, As pensively I took my way Beside the stream, a pleasant spot, With sweet horned honeysuckle gay. The flow'rs seemed largest by this brook, Which flowed like crystal o'er its bed, While rushes, tall and slim, each side, Up almost to its brink had spread. A squirrel merrily ran by, With richest nut-brown furry tail, And I will own, I longed, like her, To live within that woodland dale. The stream with icy pressure's bound, A haze lies o'er the distant scene, While snowflakes white a kirtle make, 1 Where tints of emerald erst had been. II. SIX TRANSPOSED FLOWERS. 1. Mlice last. 4. To live. 2. I call. 5. Linen gate. 3. Red alone. 6. Does rub. The initials of the above flowers will give the name of another flower. III. CHARADE. Upon the mountain side I lie, Amid the ferns and grasses, My first with timid step runs by, Nor heeds me as it passes. The evening zephyr, fresh and sweet, Across the lake co; ies stealing, Whilst ever and anon I hear Mly second faintly pealing. Far, far above, a blithesome lark His vesper hymn is singing, My tiny whole, on quivering stem, Beside me is up-springing. My fragile whole ! Thou soon wouldst die, Were I thy flower to gather, Then fare-thee-well in thy mountain home, Amid the purple heather!
5 -' ( , __ -/.-m - . IV. A HIDDEN PROVERB. One word in each line. The woodland glades are hushed and still, Save where the streamlrt's waters flow. The summer sun has run his course, And deep and dark the shadows grow. V. A PUZZLE OF SIX FIRUITS. Luscious fruit of every kind, Every colour, every shape, 3. I can see a downy , While in yonder sunny spot 4. Grows a go n --OVER The ark! the birds with chirpings tilrry 5. Tell us where the reddest --n Clusters on the bough, and where 6. We may find the ripest - This summe rich repast will ue, Come and share it, then, with moe VI. DOUBLE ACOF ISTI IC. When summer sunshine tints with gold The white clouds in the sky above, My first and second then beh(ld, Sweet types of eveuriy ind love. My first out-rivals e'en the snow, My sEvery cond with the ruby vies, And who can view them 'mid their leaves, And still sweet Flora's gifts depotise ?
1. In many a cottage garden bed This flower rears its tall blue head. 2. A plant that yields a dye well-known; In India it is largely grown. 3. The balmy spring has clad with these, In robes of green, the forest trees. 4. Oh, joyous time for old and young, Whose praises have so oft been sung. The following are by Arthur N. Brunt, who was also awarded a First Prize.] VII. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The primals and the finals each will name Two kings of England both of lasting fame; Each with one aim, each striving hard, we see, Their country from the foreign yoke to free. Each striving foreign influence to blot; The one successful and the other not. A lofty range of mountains first In Asia situated; Whose lofty peaks and wonders are By travellers oft related. On a high plank a labourer stands, His safety he's not reckoned; He slips,-he falls,-is killed, and yet His death's described as second. Impetuous charge the death-dealing host, Each buoyant as a bird; But lo ! their fearful charge is stopped, They have received a third. They fight the fight of mad despair, Each with his foe is vexed ; The battle dire is won at last, But through the gallant next. See on the next a boat glides by, Each face is bright with pleasure; Each seeming to be striving to Be happy at their leisure. Grace Darling who without a fear Through raging billows passed, A few poor shipwrecked folks to save, This sixth for aye shall last. VIII. SYLLABIC PUZZLE. From each of the following sentences take a syllable, which, when the whole are properly arranged, will make the name of a celebrated author, and one of his chief works. 1. I prefer sirloin before any other part of beef. 2. The story of the sufferings of the Waldenses seems incredible. 3. The reason of that proceeding is difficult to deter- mine. 4. Mr. Truscott visited us yesterday afternoon. 5. The theory which he upheld was a singular one. G. A relay of horses was quickly ordered. 7. The offer after some deliberation was accepted. S. One of the chief antiquities of Athens is the Parthe- non. 9. They then proceeded to throw some of the ballast overboard. 10. We then visited Westminster Abbey. 11. While on a tour through Germany, we visited Strelitz.