NUTS TO CRACK. I. QUOTATION ORNITIHOLOGICAL O; ACIROSTIC.
In painted plumes, superbly dress'd, A native of the gorgeous East. The initials of thie authors of the following lines on birds give the name of the bird in whose honour the poem, beginning with the above lines, was written. Thou Cuckoo bird Who art the ghost of sound, having no shape material. The Swallow's silken wings Skimming the water of the sleeping lake. Dear is my little native vale ; The Ring-dove builds, and murmurs there, Close by my cot, slh- tells her tale To every passing villager. The Swallow oft, beneath my fhatch, Shall twitter from her clay-built nest. The cheerful birds, too, on the tops of trees Assemble all in choirs, and with their notes Salute, and welcome up the rising sun. In the spring a fuller crimson Comes upon the Robin's breast, In the spring, the wanton Lapwing Gets himself another crest. A. L. M3ARmEN. 11. I went bird-nesting, and took the eggs of the Iollowilg birds: 1. To steal, and a preposition. 2. A boy's name, and a small horse. ". A beautiful specimen of geology, and a tier. 4. A liquid, a personal pronoun, and a consonant. i. An enclosed space, and one price of a journey. G. What a tailor does, and a vowel. 7. What boys are fond of. A. E. BURrTON. III. CHARADE. O'er the ensanguined field of war, Where fiercest strife is madly fought, M3y irt rides on his haughty ear, And smiles to see the carnage wrought. Beneath my second's weary strain Horses pant on, and engines steam; Ships toil across the foaming main With bending mast and cracking beam. The pirate galleys of my third Like falcons swoop'd upon their prey, annred by the slaves who, hope deferred, Mourned homes andt friends so for away. Ulpomn my total's blood-stained plain, Fierce foe met foe in deadly strifei; Brave Rupert charged andt charged again, Nor feared that day to risk his life. In vain did lRupert bravely fight, In vain the Royalists strove to stand; For nought could stand before the l might Of Cromwell and his " Iron" b.and. I. lM. PAUL.
IV. I I i. The date of an important event in English History. V. BURIED RIVERS-EUROPEAN. 1. Agatha is in Naples. 2. Her name is Emma Rosamund. 3. Does Caleb rent a cottage? 4. Had not Ethel better go home ? 5. We heard them sing. 6. Where is May Norris ? 7. Those beads on your neck are not jet. 8. Is that Ned on horseback? 9. Will Edward win a prize? 10. Pass me that book, Ada. 11. Philip ruthlessly destroyed my plant. 12. This is very sad, Olive. E. LANGFORD. VI. The rising sun my first displayed, far stretching o'er the plain, The homes of many a warrior brave, anxious renown to gain; The dwelling of a mighty host, 'gainst India's princes sent, The rebel tyrants to subdue, and bring to punishment. As rose the soldiers up from sleep, their march to recom- nence, My second's silvery tones were heard from out their captains' tents; The warning sound each warrior knew, and all prepared for fight, Yet waited till their chief should come, to marshal them aright. Led forward by my gallant whole, through perils, dangers, pain,
The warriors on to Lucknow moved, nor was their valour vain ; Their suffering countrymen they saved; and 'midst the battle's din, The city gates were opened wide, the British host marched in LOUISA HERRMAN. VII. Birds, through the wastes of the trackless air Ye have a guide, and shall we despair? Ye over desert and deep have passed, So shall we reach our bright home at last. 1. From Greenland's icy mountains, From India's coral strand, Where Afric's sunny fountains Roll down their golden sands. 2. "Feed my lambs," was kindly spoken, 'Twas a legacy of love, Still His followers keep the token Of their Saviour pass'd above. 3. Those evening bells, those evening bells, How many a tale their music tells Of youth and home, and that sweet time When last I heard their soothing chime. 4. The sabbath bell! the sabbath bell ! What soul-awakening sounds we hear ; Its blessed invitations tell Of welcome, to the house of prayer. 5. One there is above all others. Well deserves the name of Friend. 6. The life-boat ! the life-boat ! how fearless and free She wins her bold course o'er the wide rolling sea; She bounds o'er the surges with gallant disdain, She has stemmed them before, and she'll stem them again. The initials of the names, of the authors of these six quota- tions, give the name of the author of the couplet. J. D. THEOBALD.