1UTS TO CRACK.
Initials, read downwards, form the name of a famous English poet. Finals, of another. II.-CHARADE. IMY FIRST. My watch and locket both possess it; It forms the title of a game ; Small dogs when teased at times express it, Bad steel when bent will do the same. MIY SECOND. In ancient tales and legends old It figured oft, with horrid fame, Till some great knight well skilled and bold, With steed and lance against it came. MY WHOLE. Now call in the children and &l1ken the room, Till only its blue spirit-flames .ght the gloom; And all who are willing theii fingers to burn For the sake of the prize, may attempt it in turn. H. W. L. III.-SQUARE WORDS. .. A monarch. 2. A most useful metal. 3. An Irish girl's name. 4. A small winged insect. L. B.' CH'... .
(For annouuccments of special interest and i;ipo; tc:ce, we reJfe oror readcers to the yellow cover.) .,,a;L
IV. My first is in cow, but not in bull, My second in Bradford but not in Hull, My third is in boy, but 'tis never in girl, My fourth is in count, but it is not in earl, 1Iy fifth in canoe, but it's never in ship, My sixth is in dance; you wont find it in skip, My seventh is in rail, but it's never in road, IMy eighth is in lizard, but never in toad, My ninth is in butcher, and also in slaughter, My whole is a scaly beasthnd of the water. HERBERT MITCHELLI- V. My first is a noun and a verb; To puncture, it means, you'll agree. The second word means to convey; And, thirdly, a speaker we see. A number that's double comes next ; The last word is rent, it is true. Initials and finals read down, Two poets appear to our view. WVILLIAM G. JANES. VI. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A country home and place of business, combined. 2. Seen in northern latitudes. 3. A Hampshire seaside town. 4. Pertaining to ancient France. 5. A female character mentioned in Book of Ruth. 6. A seaport famous in the days of King David. 7. Desired as much in Christmas hall as in sm]nmer meadows. Initials and finals, read downwards, give two requisites for a bonfire. -I1 FUL N IIS ...I. Lp-AE . . "IFUL ATCIAE IS.-. -