NUTS TO ORACK. I.
1. The owner of the threshing-floor Where Israel's plague was stayed. 2. She said 'twas Peter at the door, But none believed the maid. 3. Tribes that the desert wander o'er, Usually called nomade. 4. One letter wanted (what a bore) For music slowly played. 5. This word is known to those who store Their brains with astronomic lore; The opposite point it standeth for To the zenith overhead. E. S. GIBsoN. II. TRANSPOSITION. Charles had a dailyoh; he went out to ropleex a nevare in the boornoudheigh ; he found uicextt slamnai, at least their nobes, and tabs of iguproodis nomendiiss. These he bestin- moedd, and dacrier them dartsow his dresicene joingreci. MnR. BATTERSBY. III. SQUARE WORD. 1. This favourite fruit will eat well in a pie. 2. To keep out the youngsters make these strong and high. 3. For Christmas provision be certain to buy. 4. In Euclid occasionally m'eeting the eye. : 5. Be clear and concise when to write it you try. T. D. SEXTER. IV. QUOTATION DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " Various and vast, sublime in all its forms, When lull'd by zephyrs, or when roused by storms; Its colours changing, when from clouds and sun Shades after shades upon the surface run." The initials of the names of the authors of the following stanzas will give the name of the author of the above; and the first letters of the names of the pieces from which the following are extracts, will give the name of the piece from which the above is taken. 1. "How glorious is thy girdle cast O'er mountain, tower, and town ; Or mirrored in the ocean vast, A thousand fathoms down." 2. " A few short years--and then these sounds shall hail The day again, and gladness fill the vale ; So soon the child a youth, the youth a man, Eager to run the race his fathers ran." 3. "From hill to hill the voice is test: Rocks rebounding, Caves resounding, Not a single word is lost." 4. "Roses blushing as they blow, And enticing men to pull; Lilies whiter than the snow; Woodbines of sweet honey full." 5. "The evening star now lifts, as daylight fades, His golden circlet in the deep'ning shades; Streteh'd at his ease the weary lab'rer shares A sweet forgetfulness of human cares."
G. " Call for the robin redbreast and the wren, Since o'er shady groves they hover, And with leaves and flowers do cover The friendless bodies of unburied men." (Behead the author.) S. ScHWEITZER. V. THE GARDENER'S BASKET OF BURIED VEGE- TABLES. 1 & 2. Give Peter a dish to put the fruit on; he is a lad ,vho requires great looking after. 3. I saw him trying to spin a china plate on the kitchen floor, just now! 4. We have been watching the men dive to the sunken ship. 5. Where is that urn I placed on the table a moment :ago ? 6. As I met Caspar a gust of wind blew off his hat. 7 & 8. I will not be answerable for his conduct; he is as much like an ape as a human being. 9 & 10. Robert Lee keeps rabbits; he has some acres, so I hear, of land for them. 11. I have given Mr. Pearse a kalendar for 1875. VI.
60PRAP~iWALL - 'U _~ ~ I 711-=_ = 11 1 it t / ý #7ý I . VII.
1. A constellation; curtail, a tool; behead and curtail, a road. 2. My whole joined to my whole beheaded give a noted liquor. 3. A noted god reversed gives a celebrated strait. 4. A geographical term transposed gives a noted philo- sopher. 5. A town in England reads backwards and forwards the same. 6. A French province transposed gives a river in 4 England. FRANK TEBns.
VIII. CHARADE. My first is a very small word of consent That fills every fond lover's heart with content; My second is half of a word meaning fright; And my third you must own you cannot see at night; My whole-just to make it sufficiently plain- Is a portion of time you will ne'er see again. BEiNJAMIN R. PICKPORD. IX. DECAPITATION. My whole is what is oft seen through; Behead, and a maiden I am, it's true; Again behead, and an animal see; Once more, and without me smiles cannot be. X. CHARADE. See my poor first ! pursued by hounds And mounted men of cruel mind; I-ow to my last with haste he bounds, Knowing his foes are close behind ; Ready to drop, he does not stop, But boldly plunges in my last; And there at bay, he drives away The hounds who've followed him so fast. And now the huntsman's horn we hear, The dogs are called to leave my first; To disobey none of them dare, So leave their prey to quench his thirst. My whole's a town well known to:you, In its centre stands my second; In county Durham it you view; And a noted town 'tis reckoned. F. TEBBS.