NUTS TO CRACK. I. CHARADE.
My first has desolation wrought, In many homes, in many lands; Bloodshed and sorrow, hatred, strife Ever attend its dire commands. Within my second's hallowed walls, Where people join to praise and pray, They learn that blessed time will conme When then no more my first shall sway. My whole-an English town you'll find, Try to recall the same to mind. H. BuCKNOLE. II. ACROSTIC. 1. Who once made laws ? not always, were they wise, And people sometimes did those laws despise. 2. What we each day should ever strive to do, In occupations whether old or new. 3. What every woman, man, and child can claim, The brute creation also have the same. 4. A faithful friend-that constant watches keeps, To guard his master's household while he sleeps. 5. Pleasant to taste is that which causes strife, Impoverishes, and often shortens life. G. This word repeated cheers the warriors' hearts, Inspires their courage, and fresh zeal imparts. 7. When hearts begin to love, then warmer grow, This bashful swains to blushing maidens show. S. Alike it enters palaces of kings As homes of paupers, and grief with it brings. 9. Without this blessing we could not behold The beauties nature daily does unfold. Oh ! what a charm, a power have these, How great their influence is felt, They make our labours lighter seom And cause the stubborn heart to meut. H. B UCKNOLE. Ill. HISTORICAL ACROSTIC. A general who with Wellington a noted victory gained, A soldier and a statesman, while the earlier Stuarts reigned. A battle fought on English soil, in times of civil war, What noted admiral lost his life at f'tal Trafalgar ? An Englishman whose scarless deeds by cruelty were marred, What foreign soldier helped to win the fight at Oudenardo ? A village where the Russians fled, and General Cathcart fell, A general, whose success in war our history will tell. Read the initials of each name, and quickly you will see, A foreign village where our troops were lcd to victory. IV. CHARADE. )My first is found in every place, by sea as well as land, An ornament my second shows, for wearing on the hand, A dainty food my third will name, just now in much demand. My whole will give a quiet nook, how well we know the name, From whence sad news of pain and fear to England's people came. But thanks to God! the cloud is past, yet still that prayer prevails, That -Ie will please to bless and keep our dlear young Prince of Wales. SAAH IIEITJAN.
V. What flower does this represent ? VI. BURIED LAKES. Is not that gas oxygen, Eva ? Ada, we are waiting for you. Lucerne is a lake in Switzerland. We took shelter under George's umbrella. I have friends in Mexico, Modena, and MIecca. Inverness is my birthplace. VII. EXTRACTIONS. 1. Three poets to your mind recall, From each one letter take; If rightly done, 'twill surely then Three other poets make. 2. I am an article of drapery, extract a letter and I anm a nail, extract another and I am wicked. :;. I am a particle, extract a letter and I am profit, extract another and I am a trap. -1. I am a bee, extract a letter and I am finished, extract another and I am an animal. 5. I am to lade a ship, extract a letter and I am dread, extract another and I am a combat. t. I am a cord, extract a letter and I am the gift of reptiles, extract another and I am a musical action. 7. I am a vision, extract a letter and I am a measure, extract another and I am a character of the Dutch coast. 8. I am a vegetable protection, extract a letter and I am part of a verb, extract another and I am a weight. NEmo NInL. VIII. BURIED IIlSTOR1AANS. John HI-all, American Consul to the port of London. Mont Oural is one of the range of hills to which it gives a name. Around the old hall ivy twined in rich profusion. The Berlin gardens are stocked with flowers and shrubs. Within her grot Elmina passed the day. The life of a hermit for dryness. A free race is an ornament to the world.
IX. GEOGRAPHIlCAL ACROSTIC. A lofty chain of European mountains. A town on the Rhine. The former capital of the Burmese dominions. A Neapolitan city. The last letter but one of each read downwards will give i province of South America, and the second letter of each, read also downwards, gives one of its chief cities. SARAH HEMRRMAN.