NUTS TO ORACK, I. TENNYSONIN EXIGMI.1.
1. "' God make thee good, as thou art beautiful,' Said Arthur, when he dubbed him knight." 2. " He is but a landscape painter." 3. "And rose and past, Bearing a life-long hunger in his heart." 4. " It was not thus, O princess, in old days You prized my counsel, lived upon my lips." 5. "Known am I, and of Arthur's hall and known What I by mere mischance have brought my shield.'" 6. "Whom Arthur and his knighthood called 'The Pure.' " 7. "Win shall I not, but do my best to win; Young as I am, yet wounl I do my best." 8. " 'Tis only noble to be good." 9. " So past the strong heroic soul away." Take the first letter of the first name, second of the second, etc., and you will name one who " For her good deeds and her pure life, And likewise for the high rank she had borne, Was chosen abbess. There an abbess lived For three brief years. And there an abbess past To where beyond these voices there is peace." F. II. PIRmRE. II. BURIED NAMIES OF PLACES n1IENTIONED IN THE BIBIE. 1. Will you not touch it, timid little thing ? 2. Even without Blucher it had gone ill with Napoleon. 3. We will sail in the Aspic or in the Osprey. 4. We did not reach Arran on our Scotch journey. 5. I was so frightened, Soph, I ran away home. G. We were nearly stranded once. 7. Fancy these, side by side-jallop, ales, tin, and all sorts of eatables. S. Hush ! no noise. I remember noise was forbidden. 9. With a mighty rush they scaled the wall. 10. There is a spa in Harrowgate. F. M. E. III. DIAMOND PUZZLE-GEOGRAPHIICAL. There is -- land where the blue - tree - to a great height in the forests, and where the - or acacias abound. In some districts of this country, which by the by.t is named --, oranges, pineapples, and - are successfully grown ; whilst the ranges of - in the south afford copper, silver, plumbago, iron, --, and - few other minerals. The central letters of the words omitted will give the name of the country referred to. G. O. HOWELL. IV. My first is a feeling inflaming th:e heart. Infusing both pleasure and pain. My second a poet of ages gone by, Who lived in Octavian's reign. My third is a quality known to us all, Of which we all wish we had less. My fourth the first garden that man ever trod In pure unalloyed happiness. B. Bunrows.
V. SINGLE ACROSTIC. C.F.CARE" Initials name a great composer. VI. CHARADE. The way of transgressors, we know, For the Bible declares it is so, And experience bears witness thereto, Is my first. In my second we view (To judge by the capital letter) A person of note it were better For himself and for general society, Were he clear of the gross impropriety Of courting undue notoriety With restless and feverish anxiety, Sure symptom of mental ebriety. My third was a sensible king, Who reproved, as a pitiful thing, The flattery that styled him a god, And ocean the slave of his nod. My whole was a monarch relentlessly cruel, And not much addicted to dining on gruel. THoMsoN SHARP. VII. SQUARE WORDS. 1. Victim of jealous rage, he fell; But happier far than he who fled. 2. Whose heart, like thine (oh, heed it well !) Lay thus before the Presence dread. 3. Let each, whene'er his footstep this, Turn back upon the narrow way, 4. In case the far-off goal he miss, And go eternally astray. F. M. E. VIII. GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The initials will give a European country, and the finals its capital. A town in Beloochistan. A port in France. A town in Surrey. A loch in Scotland. An island in the Indian Ocean. A river in Asia. E. E. ARNOLD.