NUTS TO ORACK, I. TRIPLE ACROSTIC.
My centrals name a bird of night; My priuals one who loves to steal; My finals cackles with delight When she adds to the commonweal. i. A name, the greatest, highest, best The Jew revered, but ne'er expressed; The word lies silent on his tongue, Adored, beloved, but never sung. 2. With this he gazed upon the sight Of cloud by day and fire by night; That mystic pillar, strangely irand, Which led him to the Promised Land. 3. A splendid flowering tree, I ween, With richest foliage now is seen ; Its gorgeous bloom, its fragrance rare, Among its peers beyond compare. LILY. II. TWENTY COUNTRIES OF EUR1OPE:, TO BE DISCOVERED ISN TIllS TALE-'UZZLE. Being in the neighbourhood of Covent Garden Market, 1 observed a sickly-looking man btaggering under the weight of a heavy truss. I approached and oflfered my service to help up, or tug alone even, as I was much the stronger manu: yet, either through scorn or waywardness, the poor fellow declined my proferred aid. But very soon after, alas ! his accidentally stumbling upon a cellar flap landed him, truss and all, at the bottom. Off ran certain of the passers-by to fetch a doctor, who having quickly arrivedl in his nice landau and taken some measures to alleviate his pains, advised his immediate removal to Charing Cross Hospital. You will agree certainly that this was preIl'rable to leaving him in the cellar. As we densely pressed around the learned doctor, I heard him, with great sohmluity, draw a lesson about the fearful consequences of over-exertion. and think I caught the words "swollen glands." Ah ! an overstrain- ing of our physical powers is unquestionably a grievous error. Upon inquiry I find that the man's name is Esau Nicholl, and moreover that he is a true-born Scot. Land- lord at one time of a comfortable little farm, but through adverse circumstances compelled to enlist as a common soldier: he was one of the heroes of Seb:stopol ; and had been under fire (land and sea) in sevewal desperate engagements. Let us hope poor Esau's trials will end favourably. E. S. GIBsoN. III. CHARADE. That ancient rock, where Elliot won such glory, Rising majestic o'er the tideless wave. Sparta's heroic king, who, famed in story, Fell with three hundred doomo'd their land to save. A British king, a warrior renown'd, Who gather'd noble knights his famous table round. The beauteous Queen whom XEncas left, who built fair Carthage city; The man condemn'd to roll a stone so useless, claims our pity. The noble youth by sagest Mentor Inuglht, Who many years his sire the wihe Ulysses sought. The Athenian law that e'en '" the j.~.t man tried; " And he who desolation spread o'er Europe far and wide.
The lovely nymph who oft-times deigned The silent grot to make her home, To instruct in learning and in laws, Poinpilius, king of Rome. The initials joined reveal a statesman's name, For eloquence and virtue dear to fame. A son of England, "England great and free," That lovely isle, that diamond of the sea ! M. E. B. IV. One fourth of gain, one fourth of pain, And now one fourth of peas, One fourth of bone, one fourth of lone, And then one fourth of ease; One fourth of boon, one fourth of soon, And now will come to sight A man who many battles won, But the English beat him quite. H. C. DANK. V. IN MEMORIAM. fE E E."T 'ST R EE T, 5. 1 89 6.57291 . 19 8 3