NUTS TO CRACK, I.
First, second, third I just now heard Tom say to cousin Joe, To catch myslost canary bird In barn, before you go. The bird had flown from out the cage Across a clover field; Tom said-(Oh ! he was in a rage) His grief would ne'er be healed. Through the wide doors of the corn barn My second saw it fly; Oh, now Tom's off across the tarn (In summer months 'tis dry). With him, second first going too, The fugitive to secure ; Third the barn doors to shut, 'tis true, And of the bird we're sure. And Tom a dark lantern he took, For to the light birds fly;. This oft had he read in a book. And now he meant to try. Second on ladder mounts the beam, From whence the bird doth'fly To nook, where's seen a ruddy gleam From lamp of Tom, the sly. Now Joe was standing near to him, The bird had flown close by, As though the bird so small and slim Into the light would pry. The bird, bewildered by the light, Near Joe dropped to the ground; Said Tom, expectant of this sight, Hurrah ! Our pet is found. And soon Tom, with a stealthy clutch, Caught it upon a pole, And nearer he is now by much To what is named by whole. HUBERT E. SNEWIN. II. SQUARE WORDS. 1. So they wish for the pears that on yonder trees grow. 2. From Moravian heights to the Baltic I flow. 3. Who fiddled while flames through his city did roar ? 4. Oh ! sailors avoid me, at sea and ashore. E. S. GInsoN. III. 1. One side of a leaf from Minerva's parterre. 2. What prevails where miasma suffuses the air ? 3. A sea-bird, that far on the ocean does fly ? 4. We're born in the mud, but our bourne is a pie. E . GInso. IV. This is often seen, When walking on the shore. Behead, and now I mean: Devotions-nothing more. Behead again, I show A single beam of light; Behead again, I know I mean, "Yes, yes; all's right !" Behead again,-I say, Ye solvers, all of you !- This is the end of day, And now I'll say-adieu. B. R. PICKFORD.
V. BURIED MOUNTAINS. 1. Charles, now do not tease your sister. 2. Baby can spell such words as kid, daw, or man, very nicely. 3. The congregation wished to hear the Penitential Psalms read. 4. An honest man despises trickery. 5. Cheltenham, some invalids recommend; I prefer Leam- ington. 0. This year, a rate of Is. Od. in the £ was made.. 7. Norman asked me, "Did you come by the Redhcar path ?" I answered, "Yes." S. Mary, give me a pen; nine such blunders deserve h bad mark. 9. He put on his coat, then his gloves, and his hat last. 10. The father of Margaret of Anjou was simple-minded and happy; RIend esteemed music and poetry more than royalty. 11. The claimant was defeated. 12. I wore fur all through the winter. 13. " Thro' woodland paths in sunlight glancing, With wand of osier, ran Eva dancing." E. EYTON GYE. VI. ,VII. '_:- -(- 7II. SQUARE" LETTER PUZZLE. HIow many times in this square can ' Kind Words' be read, beginning with the capital K in the middle ? SDROWORDS DROWDWORD ROWDNDWOR OWDNINDWO WDNIKINDW OWDNINDW0 ROWDNDWOR DROWDWORD SDROWORDS
VIII. CHARADE. Slowly the sun sank in the west, in a sky of stainless blue, And the cypress groves on the Turkish hills their length'ning shadows threw, The gravestones on Scutari's slopes were painted golden red And the moon rose through the sighing trees, ere the sunset flush was dead. Softly,, like a thin purple veil, my first in silence fell, Hiding, from strained and failing eyes, the land they loved so well, But hiding, too, the awful field still stained with recent fight, And the faces, white and still, upturned towards the moon's pale light. Too plain were seen the bitter fruits of the carnage of that day, In the lines of pain-drawn faces that within the sick-rooms lay. Soon the silent wards were crowded with the wrecks from battle's storm, Yet all were pressed, and none refused, to my second then to come. Soft through the open windows stole my third's refreshing air, Scatt'ring a fragrant coolness on the burning foreheads there.; But an even gentler touch was laid on those brows with fever red, The soothing touch of a woman's hand, passing from bed to bed. For in the silence of my first, with a lamp held by her side, Through the gloomy halls, with noiseless tread, my whole was seen to glide, And hot lips murmured broken thanks for her unwearied care, And blessed the self-denying love that k]ept its vigil there. LOUISA HERRMAN.