Our friend OCTAVIA SPERO to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CH ARADE. No. 1. This stormy first. a ma:iden fair Is standing on the shore ; Why is she in such wild despair ? Who is she watching for ? Her father dear, who is afloat Upon that stormy sea. The morning saw him launch his boat-- What may the midnight see ? 'Twas when the day bad just begun, And one so bright and fair, The waves were sparkling in the sun, and balmy was the air; But now it blows a fearful last, The sea is white with foam, The drenching rain is falling fast- Ruth's father comes not home. She stands amid the wind and rain, She stands and watches still ; And as her watch is still in vain, Her yes with hot tears fill. A tisherman, see I now draws near, A good man, very old; He asks,'" Why do on stay out here In all this bitter cold? "Go second, lass; take my advice. The first is very ough ; I've been out in oue like it twice- I came home safe enough, And so, your father will I'm sure. So noa my lass, good-night." So Ituth now shuts 'her cottage door, And waits for morning light. The morning dawns as bright and fair As yesternight was dark. Ruth is no longer in despair, But happy as a lark. "Fath. r is saved-saved from the sea I" She cries in voice so glad, And sweetly as a Whole sings she, And is no longer sgd. OcrTAIA SPEnO. MONOPHIONI. No. 2. INT RI ODUCTION. Six English words lie buried hero, In sound alike, but.'tis most queer, In different letters each are dress'd; IV qw from. their groves the answer wrest. I am not this I know full well, Unless you know not how to seoll. You are not this, or else you are More sheepish than 1 am by far. This is a tree much used for bows. And arrows, perhaps-indeed, who knows? Fourth ' own the third. Why let it stand ? It only cumbereth the land. This is my brother's name, I trow; I hope the answer you will know. A colour this; also outcry ; So now I wish you all good-bye. W. M., Navigation. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No, 8. Or me, now, riddlers, puzzlers all, Listen to my humble call; I've a riddle for you here- Much too simple 'tp, I fear. Please a letter take from gird ; Wh, n that's done we'll tateO a word Which, composed of letters three, Means the same as feat', you'll see. In music third you've seen, I wis, A long note certainly it is; And you no doubt with use agree, A Welsh girl's name my fourth will be. If my fifth you'd like to know, A Christian name you've but, to show; "But stop I" you say, "and tell us now Which sex you mean ?" Well, male, I trow. My sixth's another name for tart; And my last is one fifth, f heart. My central letters now will name A her, ine of Budget fame. SANCon PANZA. AOCROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Words. In primals, riddler, will appear A Budgotier we all revere. Cross W(r'ls. Not hot nor cold, but just between; An aperture hereby I mean; Instruction here I do convey ; The end 'f ev'rything you'll say ; What if myself I this time give; I this, and therefole sth aid live ; Marvellous, stlradne, exctibta to; Thugends my con. Young Folks, adi't. GEORoe G. LOGOGRIPH, No. 5. First is a city, old and great, Well known, I think, to you; S I grandeur it doth all excel, In weplth and commerce too. But now I've shed a drop of ink Beheading this great place; Tpebientre. too. I have removed, Arid I stand in the space. And now, young friends, if you look well, I think you will espy What brings (oh, dreadfll, isn't it?) A tear to every eye. CLARA WILLIAMS.
ACROSTIC. 'o. G. Ftn,,dai ttt Words. Through this as you travel maybe you'll unravel My puzzle, a..rn sLie by name ; Bist !',,fore you have found it, you'll say, I'll be bound, it WiII tell of a hero of fame. But, to your consternation, on close penetration, Yi'll find that my primals reveal Tihr, sul ll, useful articles. Art's firmest particles, Ana eqlual 1 vilue tor steel. A littl, enclosure this is, you must know, sir, Where many a tart is confined : And youngsters unfeeling are captured while stealing, lid told their own business to mind (With a nice little caning combined). At this" Touru.ment " Jolly, where dull melancholy Is nil, I hav ,often been seen; But to pien si thllitng witty (which I can't, more's tl.e pity), I'll second to do so, I ween. l)e.sr friends, if y, u're tryiug. in a w y undefying, To lulite a short poem that's hard, Third g've way to despairing, and some day you'll be sharing Tne nobly-earned poet's reward Our John, eight years turning. is fourth in his learning, And fifth ne'er will get him to read : H c's. al ways complaining of tim Ipeil.gogue's caning, .t ,f th it we d ii' t ke any heed. My tii 'n i at It hro. much b aver than Nero, Ill hi lll mtuch amus.iment we reek: lI . d., ds, when comparing with others, are daring; Hle di endeth the poor and the weak. I oft say, "Oh, fudge itl" when I see in the Budgetr This puzzle completely worn old; Indeed, there's so many, that I cannot see any Mysterious words to ulntold. WiL.. ; rstory is finished. or greatly diminished, An ic ghth one doth gladden our sight, Such merry niTnth stories of Old England's glories, Portraying the Englishman's might. I was oui'e the pose, ssor of this bird; an aggressor lie proved, I am sorry to say. He screeched very badly, and bit his cage madly; To lmy eleventh I gave him away. If your weak-hearted neighbour is backw ird in labour, Give. h m help, although twelfth ynu may be. For ; .1 will befriend thee in cares that attend thin, Andl guide thee o'er life's troubled sea. Sadly now we are grieving, for England we'releaving, Ti spend a few summers in R me; But ths B. will be n ear us thirteenth week, and will cheer us, Though miles upon miles from home. I s,,w am descending my paper, I'm ending 'i>',is con., which appears very long; Let all strive at their leisure, till fame is their treasure, And success doth attend the lnst throng. H. H. ADAMS. CHARADE. No, I once kept a school for very first second ; A lot of merry second they were recconed; I was never forced to fifth the cane, Nor did I them in school detain. In the fields I always. I ork them third, Anti therr thy would !eel as merry as a bird. At last a day came, ind, I will confess. The very one imy first si cond liked best. It was their annual excursion day, Therefore in a lovely garden they did play; One part of the garden the flowers were in fourth, And to this place my second sallied forth. Just between the leaves could be seen a little red and white; My first see- nd called this a very pretty sight. One said. "Please may we fifth a few ?" "Yes." said I. " yo can fifth one or two." When they had finished srme went to howl, While the rest brought out my charming whole W. C. Fr IMA'. : N ,I1 A. No. 8. I shut. tit' fool, I'm in the school, With the wise man I am found, I'm in good books (In histories look), ',\ ith philosophers abound. Some folks me shun (Not wisely done); I'm in the head of man, With brains, sir-yes, They me possess; Now find my name who can. H. WuODGATES, OM "';tAt hM. No. 9. Tiids is to venture or defy, As will be quickly seen: The lFiltzroys htave this often done, And others too I ween. For this a weapon please put down, Used by savages of, ld. By Romans, too, in ancient war- At least, so I've been told. For last what women often do ; It's not exactly sewing. But, as I have no more to say, It's time that I were going. ALBERT E. U. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 10. My first is always in the dew; And next a metal brings to view; My third a coin will bring to mind; ,ndi nix' is an English town, you'll find: The fi:thl a female name will state; Aiid next will give a heavy weight; My last ir the head of a rat, I crow. Ccntrals Lto English towns will show. POT HIooK. r -- - - ---- _____- _________________
CENTRAL DIELLTIO3N. No. 11. To balance in the air My whole, I think, doth mean; Remove the central letter, A w-rd will then be seen Which signifies to puzzle ; I'm putting it too plain, So now I'll say to all good day, But soon will come again. FRED TAYLOR, LOGOGRIPH. No. 12. A kind of fish my first will name ; Transpose, it still remains the same; Behead, if rightly done, I ween, What means confusion will be seen : Again, if you take off the head, An adverb you will have instead. THE HUNTING SPEhABi' GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS, No. 13. SPERATUS. CHARADE. No. 14. Paterfamilias just having dined, For a gl. 'of good second felt rather inclined; So he drank till the bottle wsee done. P'r'aps wine warms the heart. but, be that as it may, It made the old gentleman gen'rous that day, For he said to his wife and his son : "The summer is coming, now where shall we go ? East, west, north, or south ? By the way, you must know A watering-pylace I prefer." His wife thought awhile, then said: "First I like best Of all coasts But no, I forgot, there's the west, And my whole, such a pretty town, there." JIm. PALINDROME. No. 15. Upon the map of England Please find a river's name; Read backwards, and road forwards, You'll see 'tis just the same. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. REBUS,. No. 16.
F. O'GR DY. METAGR AM. No. 17. As a start, we'll just begin With an article of clothing; Just change its head. and this you'll eat Without the slightest loathing. Its front ispiece once more exchange, And this we ne'er should tell; Just change once more, and now "to go" Will show itself as well. Again repeat, and now a cry Of shame will take the ground; And, lastly, head displace again, And to compete is found. C H.BoTT. OHAR AR D. No. 18. Clearly the moon shed her beams allaroum : him, And Tommy stood bathed in its silvery liiht; Shading his eyes with his hand. there I found him, Scanning intently a first large and bright. And lo I as I watched, little second, the brother. Approached Tommy'seide. and stood gazing o'erhead: But while thus engag d, both were hailed by their mother, Who'd whole from her cottage to bring them to bed WAa KIMPTON.
SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. Wh1 u things are first then let them he (LU r dead men tell no tales, they ta¶ ) Or else my second you may know, And surely then will rue the day ; Or strike your third against a stone, And second follows. sure as fate: So pitch your last on friendship's plain, And live in joy and peace elate. C. IL BoTt. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 20. My first is very soft ; Its centre now delete, Then something that is rather hard Is what you have complete. 8.W. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &0. OF LAST WEEK, 1.-Tear, tear. 9.-Start, tart, art. 2.-Shelley. Thus: Second, 10.-Bard, drab Hazel, Extensive, Lotty W., 11.-Helen, Mary, Esther. Leicester, Exaltation, 12.-Tweed, weed, Dec. Yellow. 13.-Asparagus. 3.- Hark. hart, hare, hard, 14.-Dove, love, move, rove. harp, harm. 15.-Dream, ream, seam, 4.-Books. same. 6.- Work-box. 16.-Frugal rations. 6.--Dear Editor. Th us : 17.-Altercation, alteration. DeaD, IvE, AdelinA, 18.- G R A I P ReadeR, EndurE, RAZ OR DarkeneD, ImpolI, TenT, A Z U R E Ohl.), RazoR. S 0 R Y 7.-Pun-gent. P R E Y S 8 -Heel, heal, he'll. 19.-Hannah. 20.- O there, the old sea captain, Who dwelt in Helgoland, To King Alfred, the lover of truth, Brought a snow-white walrus tooth, Which he held in his brown right hand.