Our friend THOMAS LORRAINE to-day takes the lead in the RIDD-LE TOURNAMENT. POLYPHONE. No. 1: "I pray you hearken unto me- What I do you turn aside ? ' Your father wishes you to be A rncher lover's bride ?' 'Proud, scornful maid, I beg in vain, For you are proud and cold; I'm mad with love, while yon are sane; You're bought, while I am sohl. "You'll wed a richer man, and I Shall go from bad to worst. What's this I see? A softening eyel And what is this ? A first I " Ah, maid, you've made me happy now. Your choice you shall not rue ; No lands, nor gold, nor fame, I vow Shall second me from you." T. LORRAINIA . REVERSIONAL DECAPITATION. No. 2. Good evening, friendis; pray how d'ye do ? How pleased you all appear I I hope you may enjoy yourselves As long as you stay here. The riddle that I've gt to-day Will please you without doubt; And. if you will keep still, I think, YIun moa will find it out. My whole, it is a kind of store; IHeversed your eye then meets A vehicle you've ollen seen A long our public streets. But when it is bereft of head, You'll see that It implies A playful animal which olt In farmyards meets yolr eyes. But please reverse again, and then- Make no mistake about it- A word which means to spoil you'll have- I hope you do not doubt it. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley (;reer. AC(I'STIC. No. 3. Foundation lWord. Bold primals, joyously we welcome the,. To mingle with the ancient heroes b lId, Who've ever fought for right and lib rty (And alw;ys won it, too, so I've been told). Each Budget'er will read thy deeds, I trow, And watch thee as thou stlrivest hard for famle. Thllo dostl deserve thy appellation-oh, I mustn'tt for the worldi disclose your name. Gross Words. I am a bird well known to all of you, And strange to say, I am a plaything too. Upon the giant leafy oak I'm seen; A food for pigs I also am, I ween. Beneath some tall and stately tree I lay At ease, to pass a moment third away. lie built a city, known to yocu and me. His namne you'll fnld in itomian hislory. As earnestly you fight 'galnst omres and strife. Let flfth your watchword ever he through life. Oh. many a maid in gaudy dress w.ll d(ock, And loves to place a sixth around Cher neck. H. FH A',ln:. DIAMOND PI'Zl,.'(. No. 4. For first just take one-fourth of quay; A drinking ves:el next will display: For third a well-known tree put down; For this a riddler of. renown; In fifth a man of tolil is found, Who works all dAy beneath the ground; Part of your face in sixth descry; For last procure one-third of eye. Centrals down and acres to mind will call A riddler fair. admired by all, Whose verses show great excellence; Long may she boast of healt': and sense. F. O'(R i)v. CII ARADE. No. 5. Deep in the earth my precious first lies low- Mly first, that soon will glitter richly bright; For eager, anxions toilCrs crowding go ''o draw it from its hiding-place to lighlt 'Tie now, lp rchanl en, inl f lt: l In:nl11i ,s, rnl, Adorning high-born beauties pising fair; And by its means so marvellous, I ween, Have many strangerguesttfounld entrnce the. For to my first the hardest barrier yields. The strongest portal wide before it rolls; Oh. mighty is the sceptre that it wiel,!s Some for its sake have bartered oe' n their soI Is. My second will a workman call to mind, No hero he of gala or romance ; His neat but humble cottage you rnay find "Under a spreading cheltutll tirc,"p. Ihli e,'. There, toiling busily, content lhe liv"'s, And horses oft are ,Iol ;vwithin his t11,),'. My second rightly, too a surname glves. One that you probably have heard before. My whole a worker in ,ny first wll prve ; And yet a poet likewise does it name, Whose verses, richly mu-ical, we love. Long may his Il n'ry dwe ll in d 'athle- If:lne! 1 he tender fnn:ies of his glowing mind With fair, sweet thou'ghts his fellow-creatures bles-qd ; Noble was, he, ana generous anl kind, Yet little of nmy first my whiTe pbfie9ed:- PHIEBE ,J. R., Barnes.
POLYPHONE. No. 6. One sunny afternoon In the merry month of June I strolled into the meadows bright and green All nature was so gay As I rambled on my way-- ' Twas the very fairest day I e'er had seen. As I watched the busy bees, And the squirrels in the trees, A gambolling the leaves so green among, There rose upon the air Of that meadow green and fair A sweetly thrilling voice engaged in song. ' hen I stopped in my survey, And I lingered on my way, Awondering who possessed a voice so sweet, When there came upon my sight A maiden fair and bright, Who was robed in summer garments gay and neat. I did first unto this maid, And unto her I said, " Oh, tell me, charming creature, who thou art ?" But she looked so sore dismayed, And not an instant stayed, But away across the meadow green did start. Then my heart it grew most sad, And I grieved that I had Not acquainted been with such a charming sprite; But on looking on the ground A pretty next I found, Which this maiden tair had dropped in her s ift fl i ght. P. LACCEzLLI.B. DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 7. Foundation Words. Unto the Editor of the Y. F. B. Let us give our thanks most hearty For the unbonded pleasure he gived t) us Each week at the " Weekly Party." Cross Words. What should we do without a first To save us from starvation; Whenc ountless numbers eicetour gh it, Next is past calculat'un. The lane wal long and winding to,. And t.lirdlylikea maze; Whilst high, distinguihih.d, di: nified, The word for fourth displays. " The greate't of thegreat must full" Has never been exemplified More grandly than by life of fifth, Who richly lived, but sadly died. A sea with waters brackish show. In Southern Russia you will view it; Seventh's an Alpine mountain peak ; And as for last, most babies do it. A. H. zCALES. MONOPHONE. No. 8. The other day 'twas my inteitL To write unto our" Tournament," Or, rather. I should say, Unto our Editor to write; But ah I when teatedto indite, I found, t, my dis may. That all my first was used up, And. what was worse, the nearest shop Was half a mile away. You Young Folks who in towns resi.e{ May think it strance, and p'r'aps letl ids A country place like that. But now, let that be as it may, I jumped up, and withoutdelay, Put on my coat and hat, And hurried off, as you may think. To get some first, likewise some ink, When, what a precious flat! 'Twas Wednesday. which. by the way Is our sl opmen's half holiday; Nows,wouldn't you be vex'.d ? l,in my haste. had quite f igot, .uot now it s' ruck me like a shot, And made me stand my next. Y s,friend-.it quickly made me balt, As if struck by a thunderbolt; I really was perplexed. I vowed that I'd in future try To have a stock of first laid by, And kept replenished well. So, friends, If you my first but find, My next will soon be brought to mind. Though different 'twill spell, 'Tis still pronounced the same, you'll see: B: subtituting a for e, The d:fference you'll tell. J. MYERS, Dalton-ii-l.ut!.res. ENIGMA: No. 9. I mttle on wal s. on ceilings, on footes. On tables, on chairs, and on everythine I bask 'neath the glorious sun eutof dorr:. Though trouble and anger to many l brine. l'm a t his, nod yet I do this through the ait , And often on this I recline at my ease, un many a tar tlet1 settle, and there I eat all I can, and do just as I please. But often I'm asen by many haui p eyes When I'm in the midst of a glorious f( i, TI en I make my exit, and I hear the sbtrll (ies Of children, because I have leftthou i, d-eed. I am small. very small for Jon cannot dii cer My mouth,although it's a wonder to me : If you study me closely, \ ou often may .',aru A lesson of good from a body so wee Here I am. mighty, big, g isg now a go.dl ;aco. Although I've not legs or life in my form ; But I'm drawn by a borne, so. you see,there's the came Presented to you like a terrible storm. But my master, who drives the old horse where he goes, Is my bitterest foe, for I tickle him so; But now I'll epose on his ruby-tipped nose, And I Wdn t move a peg till I'm forced to go. H. H. 6DAs.
MONOPHONE. No. 10. " Well hit, sir I Played t" they out did first, As high up flew my second : And thus all day went on the play, Until the game was reckoned. P. LASCELLES. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. A kind of colour first will be, 'Tis one you all do know; And second is a word that means A notion or a way, I trow, Where little birds do lay their eggs, My third will surely tell; My last is a girl's hristian name, And one that you know welL B. ROBINsoN. REBUS. No. 12. -4mt 4o 0 l W J. LEiNox, CUlt! Ii X,' No. 13. A tvn in England If yU'll jibt cuIrtail, A kind of insect You'll have without fail. MAY. REVERSION. No. 14. Whlt means to prate or idly talk, When it is turned around, And then read backwards, you will see A kind of sack is found. W. M. NAVIGATION. LOGOGl1 'PH. 'o. 15. A foreign city if you behead, And after ar's transpose. A female Christian name instead It. surely ~ ill disclose JACK FINNERTY, Dublin.
REBUS. S16. F. O'Glt AUY. CENTRAL DELE LION. No. 17. For whole a kind of mineral find; But take.the heart away, If done aright,'twill bring to sight What we take every day. W. FFIr FEln. HIDDEN RIVE11tS. No. 18. Percy, come and meet me to-day. Write, if you cannot. But will you stay To-morrow. though late in the afternoon? For you ase Icannot go very s,on. In the morning work is begun, Which ends at twenty minuteis pIas one; When work is done, we go and play With Amos, who suns hime;f over the wa.,. It.. est .. LOGOGRIPII. No. 19. Transpose my first, and to your view A well-known tree 'twill bring; Next's a flower of perfume rare, About which we often sing. The two united. you will find That (now the story's told) They will name a Scottish town Famed for its abbey old. ROBERT CARRUTRERS, Hull
NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 20. Whole I'm a province in Brazil. My name you've heard, I trow But please look at my 3, 5, 6, An animal 'twill show. In 2, 5, 3, I ween, you'll see Part of the human frame; For next write down 7, 10, 10, 6, Fart of a ship 'twill name. 1, 2, 5. 8's a luscious fruit, That soon will come to view ; And 6, 5, 4's a human being- But I must say adieu. THE HUNTING SPEAai DECAPITATION. No. 21. I'm pretty, I'm handsome in various ways, Yet by me some men oft end their days ; Remove one letter from me, and then will appear What pleases most lads every day in the year; Remove one letter more, and then, without doubt You will be what remains, if you can't find it out, F. W. WOODMAN, Bristol, METAGRAM. No. 22. A liquor is my first, I ween, In public-houses much 'tis seen; If you change head, my next will show What we do every day, I know; But if again you change its head, A number you will have instead ; Same done once more, and you will view A tree that is well known to you. THE HURTING SPEAR. ANAGRAMS. No. 23. Wtba miet bet vregos rewe dela ni regne, Hte lefids rdste lal ni lwrefso, Nda htat hbet lesek-hiarde ymphns rewe nces Ot kaee mhte muserm wsorbe. ROBERT ALLEY, Belfast, No. 24. Arry adh a titile balm, Hitw ecelfe sa ithew sa owns, Nda vreeyhwreo atht Amry tenw Atlht balm ti lound otn og. W. J. Blows. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o. OF LAST WEIEK I --This number pleases all 10.-Tender-handed strove a Thus: ToP,HilL, loE, SeA, nettle. NewS, UnitE, Mest, Beta, And it stings you for Ethel., ReveL. your pains; 2.-Hock,roc. Grasp it like a man of 3.- Edith, Dora, alina, mettle, May. And it soft as silk re" 4.--Bright-on mains. 5.-Mars, mai t. 11.--Ros-a-bel. 6.-Daisy, dais. 12.-Noodle, thread Thuin: 7.-Dashing Rodman. NuT, Earthi EideR, Domea, 8.-Teas, Tees. Laur , EmeralD. 9 -What's in a name ? 13.-Date, tea.