Our friend E. BAXTER to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIO. No. 1. Foudlatio, Wor'd. An angler sat beside a stream, With rod and line, and watchful eye; Beneath its glassy depths he saw A silv'ry primals gliding by. Gross Words. " Aha I" he muttered, " there's a prize." lie watched his prey vith gaze intent; Then first he carefully prepared, Upon the primals' capture bent. With dext'cous hand and practised eye, His bait upon the stream he cast; But at that moment, from the wood, A frantic next camle rushing past. With yelping hounds upon her heels, ihe madly rushed-she knew not wherc Wi: hout the least compunction, tossed The frightened angler in the air. Then third his basket quickly went, Its conteuts scattered fgr and wide; The fisher scrambled to his feet, " Oh dear I I've lost the fish 1" he cried. "IMy rod is fourth," continued he, " So hopnewards I had better bie." The remhnhuts of his scattered fifth He plaecd together with a sigh; A6qd then, a wiser, sadder man, ToW~irds his home be made his way; "' 'There's oft a slip 'twixt cup and lip,' " Quoth he;" I've had that proved to-day," SI.1 )3prElt. MONOPHONE. No. 2. INTItODUCTION. I n England twice, and twice in Franco, I am pronounced the same; None spelt alike, unless by chance You wrongly spell a name. FIRST. 'Tis money makes me go, you know, At least, you've olten told me so; To death you ride the willing horse, More fool than knave you are, of course. But feed me well, and keep me clean, I'll work as hard as he, I ween; No speed so great that I need care, No burthen shirk that back could bear. SECOND. To France I go, like many another, And in their lingo call for mother; As taught by Parley voo Mounseer To call her, as they call her there. My mother, simple Mrs. lirown, IHas never been from English town; But when my voice she fondly heard, To come to me she crossed the third. THIRD. My third, as Parley voo Mounseer Pronounces it, in gibberish queer. I wonder what they'd call the "Zoo" In language of the Parley voo ? But seel the Queen. in regal state, Is sailing o'er to Britain G reat; My bosom swells with proud delight, As fourth in robes appears in sight. FOUR It. To greet her Majesty the Queen, Vho forth to foreign lands had been, When once again on English pier Sihe hears the lusty English cheer. And now that we have crossed the third, My fourth in Eniglish tongue is heard ; With Mrs. Brown, we'll say "Adoo" To Moquseer and his" parley voo." T.4. Ii:.I :l u '. LOGOGRIPH, No. 3. 'Tis but a few short days ago, Whilsl, tryingto compose, I thought of sev'ral trifling things, But none could I disclose. Whilst in this I~editating mood, Scarce knowing how to act, A logogriph casrme to my mind- ri truth, that's quite a fact. The things that on this earth do dwell Are all possessed of whole; Even t he flowers in fragrance breathe Me from their inmost soul. But now by transposition's aid (I hope you'll no this right), Part of a certain quadruped Now comes before your sight. Another operation, please; Just cast my tail away, And you will see 'what every boy May grow into some day. The process now once more repeat, You'll quickly then espy A parent hovering in sight That's dear to you and I. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astlcy GICetl. SQUARE WORDS. No. 4. What's always beating day and night, My first, I know,wi 1l be; My second. if'tis found arighit. Will name a kind of tree ; And then my third will bring to sight What means farewell, you'll see. Plants which by rivers mostly grow, My fourth will bring to view; And hoilow pipes, or weeds isiso, In word for fourth you'll view; My last I'm sure will bring to sight A measure known to you. A. H. ECALES.
DECAPITATION. No. 5. My first a mighty fish will be, One of the largest in the sea, As you, I think, will know. Its name behead, and then I ween, What healthy and robust does.mean It certainly will show. If you once more decapitate, Without a doubt,'twill olearly state A beverage, I trow. REGIULAR READER. METAGRAM: No. 6. To pull asunder, if you change bead, A formidable animal you'll have instead; Change again, and then, I trow, G hat a hero ne'er knows it then will show; Repeat the same. and quickly you Dhat our parents are'twill bring to view; Change once again, and then, I ween, A moot delicious fruit is seen. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 7. NEI.tLY DEAN, Southport. CHARADE. No. 8. As I did wander out one dlay, I beard a mother gently say To litt le child at happy play, "' Cme in, my darling first." A grandly-smart young man I spy, Who wears an ec eglbss in his eye; 1 cry aloud, all wonderingly, ' y second loI he wears I" A ragged beggar, passing by, 'Nov begs u.e very dolefully. With giitt'ring teardrop in his eye, .tly oldest third to give. A flaunting shop. where, ready made, My useful whole ir kept displayed, I next do spy. Friends, guess thls-try, And do not be afraid. KESTREL. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 9. My first is a portion of the year; Take centre out, and you'll find here A pretty insect, in its size Sometimes it's like the butterflies. G WENNIE G.
GEOGRAPHICAL REJBUB. No. 10. -k-y PtIttIt POR~CON, Low-Moor. ME.TAGR AM. No. 11. My whole a fruit will constitute, Whteh on the tree is growing ; Change head, a wine it will deli no Into t he goblet flowing : Agaln.a boat it will denote Across the river going. T. IL. lit 'It usY. CINT I AL DIELETION. 1o. 12. If a temporary shelter Of t he centre is bereft, Then neither rain nor shelter's gone, For , , are surely left. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Ftirr ess. LOGOGRIPHI. No. 13. My whole is a measure: Reverse me, and then You will see a cenveyanceo That oft carries men. Now take off my head, I'm a fish, you will say, That most people know Is in season in May. THE SPHItX.
CHARADE. No. 14. I sat upon a turning stile, One sunny summer's day, And with my Y. P. B. did while A pleasant hour away. Whilst seated thus a stranger came And me began to chaff ; "That book, pray tell to me its name P" He questioned, with a laugh. "But, sir, before I answer you, Pray is it not a rule That boys this stile pass weekly through Upon their way to school ?" " Such is the case, my little man ; But what of that P" he cried. "Then pick from it the name you can Of my book," I replied. "What ho I young last, a first I" says he. " Now, since you are so whole, You see four crows perched on yon tree, And two merles-six in all. Sunpose I fired, and from the bough Four birds but flew away, What number's left. pray tell me now ? You seem so whole to-day." "That simple first I know quite well; There's four left." I replied ; "Four flew and left. the others fell." "Quite right, young last," he cried. "You look but very young,"says he, " To beso very whole." With pride I showed him Y. F. B ; Says I," That taught me all." " You.n Folk's 1Budget, so I see; But I'm no nearer now. You said 'twns like the stile to me; It may, buttell me how " "'Tis like the stilc: I'll tell you why, You then yourself may judge it." I told him, with a twinkling eye, " The Young Folks weekly budge it." J. MsYERS. Daltou-in-FurrCss. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 15. Below, dear friends, I think you'll find A lady riddler's name, So if you'll read my centrals down, You'r. sure to see the same. Will you kindly oblige me by looking above, And putting my first down as one-fourth of love ? And then you may guess what victorious will be, And if rightly put down, the result you will see. I'm in every beautiful flower that grows, The pink, pansy, poppy,and beautiful rose; In the hothouse u.id gardens I'm sure to be found, Though I'm not quite at home when I'm out of the ground. But here comes the beautiful rose of them all, The pink of all pinks at the riddling ball; She blooms all alone like a beautiful cem, With original works that we cannot condemn. Though my next is a flower, we cannot compare Its beauty along with, nor yet do we dare To compare any one with our " Tournament" rose, If beauty tells truth, which truth always does. But I think I will finish my doggerel rhyme, And bid you good night, for it's nearly this time; So for a conclusion take one-fifth of where, And put it all down, for n ou've got it all there. IEsSR-'. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green; ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 16. Foundatioe Words. T he primals will give you a famed Budgetier, L ong may his nauve in the Young Folk's appear. Cross Words. H ere is the homceof the tiger and snake; E asy, 1 think. is this pIt.zle to make; M ost of our riddlers are this, to be sure; E; very onle knows that. this moans to allure I eadt rs, you'li find this a Lancashire town : Young was this hero, who gained great renown. FRIED AYLOR. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 17. My 6, 7, 5, 5, 9 is thepride of England grod; M y 9, 8, 4, 5, you'll see, is a river understood My 8, 3, 5 is really rage ; my 1, 2 is surprise; My 2 9, 9, and 5's a name of a poetess so wise; My 4, 8, 2, 3's what good people must detest; My 5, 2, 3 is sure a part of the frame at best; My 1. 5, 2,3 is four-fifths where the sent of all care's found ; It is the chord n here love, too, strikes and seldom lnaves it sound ; \' y 1, 2, 3, and 5's a beast oft chased by man; My whole's a kinad of Ihaffona; now Ithe mlule of him pray Ilo'rsruta. SQUARE WORDS No. 18. A room in the East where the nabob's wives dwell ; Of coffee this is the agreeable smell; On your doorstep at Christmas this often is seen ; To discharge or to send forth is next's meaning, I ween; What a parson could not do without very well The last word of this puzzling production will tell. TI. W. DAT,r. ANAGRAM. No. 19. Torpyt ttllle Ivrsie rtass, Woh eyht wlkteni, hwo yeth nei sh Ni het pede uelb kys boaev I Llegnit so uro ash tare velo ; Gnelitl to sLh arce idnive. G. E. M.
ANAGRAM. No. 20. Ym restof moeb, ym tfrose ehmo, Teb rhou sah moce ta salt Hewn I ot tatdisn nadls smut ramo, Roe' trewas liwd dan vats. LEO. SPIEGELIALTEn, Suttn, ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o. OF LAST WEEL 1.-Sink, ink. 12.-Roland Quiz, 2.-Milton. Thus: Milk.Ill. 13.-Fantastic. Lion, Tea, Orange, Nor- 14.-Welllngton, Buonaparta way. Thus: WebB, EmU. 3.-Trunk. LioN, IdA, NaP. GuaLv' 4.-Jog, GOog, hog, fog, log. TailoR, OaT, NosE. 5.-Map, tap. rap, pa. 15.-Heads. 6.-Glass, lasass, ass. 16.-Inspect. insect, 7.-Fire, ire. 17.-Yesr, pear, sear fear, 8.-T-hree, thee. bear. rear. ' 9.- A D E N 18.-Foot, boot. D A TE 19.1-Hastings. Thus:Plonga ETNA Ad A, Goldenwjing N E A R TournamenT, lissisgip 10.--Lath, hat. PictoN, doG, St. Leon:rdS. 1 l.-The Pictorial News.