Our -friend LOTTY W. to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE AO[IOSTIC. No. 1. Gross Words.
O f my first many people a lesson may take U nto themselves, for thereby they would gain; Round and white is my second; my third you must make, W hen you once have considered, of mountains a chain E xtending for miles, and if you care to see, E ach map of Asia will show it you now; K indly, for my fourth, let a Christian name be; L ook for my fifth on the hazel-tree's bough, Y on quickly will find it when autumn is nigh; P ut down for my last a town of warm Spain. Fouundation Words. A nd now, if to answer this puzzle you'll try, It ead the primals and finals, and quickly obtain T he names of two cities of Greece, known to fame, Y et for being great rivals they've well earned the name. LoTTY W., Brighton. DIAMOND PUZZLTI No. 2. Please first write down a consonant Found in the word behind; And then I he name of what you're sure In apple cores to find. My next is what you often see At night up in the skies; Next comes a monster animal, Not known to modern eyes. Then next write down a pretty flower, of lovely crimson hue; And then a word which finish means (That I'm about to do). Now write a consonant ; it is A letter found in food, In duffer, and in bread, I wis, In dubious, and shoed. Now read my centrals quickly down, And you will surely see A gem of worth and great reno:: n That's not possessed by me. If from the centre upwards )ou The letters now will read. Another name for girl you'll view, Used very much indeed. Now, from the centre to the right You'll hive, when you've perused An insect very fond of light, J hough by that light con used. I really now must say "Ta-ta" I or h re my puzzle ends: Wishing success, and "'Au revoir" I o all my clever friends. F. W. BINSTEAD. ACROSTIC, No. 3. if you the initials trace with care, A well-known Iriend they will declare. Cross Words. A simple word for this put down, It is a Christian name; A gentle creature now please add, 'Tis one that's very tame. Old Pat doth prize my third so dear, I'm sure it's known to you ; A beverage quite refreshing now Will surely come to view. A common herb for this please take, 'Tis one that you will guess: The landlord seeks this week by week, To his tenant's great distress SEMPER IDES!, Leicester. CHARADES. No. 4. In business first is oft in use, For company 'tis brief ; This female is a vowed recluse, Of Catholic belief; Now from your ear my last produce, And whole, no doubt, you oft peruse. F. W. I'PETHErLL. No. 5. Lo I here you see my first, It is an interjection; Next of a company, You'll find, is a contraction; For everything you do You surely have a last; BIow noble is my whole, As it goes reshing past 1 SzEBPER IDES!, Leicester. No. 6. My first is when the day is gone; My second's when we are not out: My third is something like a storm: My whole's a bird that flies about. FRANK, London. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 7. This means to chop or cut, I think; But the centre take away, And a kind of vermin you will view, So now, dear friends, good day. Tom No. 8. Bound, thin pieces of wood The centre please delete, Then a bitter plant You will have complete. J. A. LAWRENCE, Konnington. No. 9. Part of a year of its centre delete, And a very small insect you'll have complete. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin.
PUZZLE. No. 10. Four letters, no more, are there used in my name; But now, just to put you into a queer fix. While the number developed exceeds that of ten, ýt is equally certain you'll reckon just six. J. L., Lambeth. CURTAILMENTS. No. 11. A coin, twice curtailed, will bring An old and very useful thing. J. F. O'M., Cork. No. 12. My whole's a well-known poet's name; Curtail, and then, I ween, A beverage which is nice to drink Will very soon be seen. J. H. . SOPPT. REBUS. No. 13.
FRITZ OECAPITATIONNS. No. 14. Behead a beast, and then. you'll find, A larger beast is left behind; This is wonderful, you'll say, A greater wonder I display; Behead this larger bea t, and then instead of one, you'll find I'm ten. HOTSrUn. No. 15. A kind of metal twice behead, An animal you will have instead. POT HOOK No. 16. What means to impose on if you behead, What means to make hot you'll have instead. AC K. No. 17. A girl's name of head bereft, Another one will then be left. -. ----&rFRArrLIN,Dublin. PROVERB REBUS. No. 18.
BRAUN. CHARADE. No. 19. My first is seen in the country fields- In harvest time 'tis cut; My second sometimes round my first To guard off thieves is put. A county in England is my whole- It's name you ought to know, For "Jack the Valiant" was born there; Of his deeds we've heard, I trow. H. H. HADAMS. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 20. If you transpose what ladies wear. 'Twill plainly show what bad deeds are; Transpose the letters, and they'll show What all on earth desire to do; If you then change them once again. They'll form an ancient Hebrew name; Transpose the letters yet once more, What all men do you'll then explore. HOTSPUR. No. 21. Fesrch the poets' roll of fame For his never-fading name; Now transpose, and you'll decide Un it we each day may glide. G. GRANT, Bayswater. PALINDROME. No. 22. Find me out a boy's Christian name; Backwards and forwards I read the same. RoBIN HOOD.
a. muAJJ UndItADE No. 23.-I am a word of forteen letters. y . 8 is domestic fowl; my 6,10, 2, 9 is part of Your dy; m7y 2,11,12 is a planet; my, 13,11, 4 is a- r ruped- ; yr 8, 7, 14 Is a river in England; my 1, 2, 3 is preserved fruit y 8 11, 10, 9 is a colour; and my whole is a renowned frut; ' name.-ALLAN AND NICHOLSON, Sunderlan prprieto0s VERBAL CHARADE, No. 24. My first is in bread, but not in cake; My second's in buy, but not in make; My third is in river, but not in lake; My fourth is in cook, but not in bake. My fifth is in loosen, but not in shake. If a letter from each you place aright, A poet's name will come to sight. OMEGRAM. G. SITin. No. 25.-Whole. I am a Scotch county; change my tat, and I am a flower; change my tail again, and I am a gils name.-A CROMWELLIAN. METAGRAMS, No. 26. The name of a city if you change head A kind of meat you'll have instead. No. 27. L. WYATT, My whole a mass of stone will be ; Change head, a fastening you will see; Again change head, and you will then Behold an article worn by men. BEANSTALL No. 28. Uneven or stormy my whole does mean; But if you change the head, Part of a tree, I think,.'twill be That you will have instead; Change head again, and then, I know, What means tenacious it will show. J, T. H., Sheffield Park, No. 29. Upon boys' backs my first is worn, And when I'm there, I oft am torn: Now change my head, and you will sea A freakish beast I then shall be; Now change once more, and there's no doubt On lakes and rivers I'm pulled about. A. STYLES, Clapham, HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 30.-1. I do admire valiant heroes. 2. He gave Patrick a temperance pledge. 3. You knew I liked it, Harry. 4. Will they sell English stamps? 5. When I spoke of Ernest, her lips moved. 6 Margaret helped the old woman with her basket.-DAIsY. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 31.-1. The lynx is an animal very ferocious. 2, There goes the rider by our house. 3. I found an apple by the font of the tree. 4. I went with Thomas to Kendal. 5. The wind was a little weot this morning. 6. The blacksmith put the bolt on the door.-SAMUEL. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 32. Smidmbhr:wi.it,'.aii then behead, A river you will have instead; Once more behead, and if you mind, A level surface you will find ; And now curtail, and you will see Our common mother 1 shall be. BLACK KNIGHT. No. 33. Come, riddlers, say what must I be, I'm found upon the laurel tree; On it .hroughout the year I grow, I'm part of our dear B. also. Curtail me, and you'll surely say That o'er me you would like to stray; And then, if you the same transpose, A kind of liquor 'twill disclose. J. IM. UPTON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 34. A famous battle first you'll see; My second's a home of beast of prey; Animals is my third, I ween ; In the front of a house last is seen. C. A. W. ELDRIDOGE, LOadoD. No. 35. To run thus helps you in the race; This is a square and open place: This is one whom we should revere; This is a thing to schoolboys dear. P. L. No. 86. To float on the water for first put down; A word thet means broad is next, you'll own; And third is unemployed, you'll see ; To find my fourth will surely be. J. S. HICKMAN, Hammermith. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-- B 11.-Edinburgh. N E T 12.-RoadiOca, Queen of the N E LLY Iceni. B B EL G I U M 13.-Prussia, B ussia. W E I G H 14.-Antrim, Trim. S U N 15.-Bramblo, ramble, amble. M 16.-Loaf, foal. 2.-Viviane. Thus : Viper, 17.-Lead, Deal. Isaac, Valve, Isham, Alice, 18.-Narva, Varas. Nabob, Eagle. 19.-Rose, sore. 3.-Swan, Derwent, Tyne, 20.-Ring-dove. Bandon., Congo, Ohio, 21.-Sun-shade. Negro, Orange, Ganges, 22.-Lien-ten-ant. Indus. 23.-Fibre, fire. 4.-Daisy, pink, snowdrop, 24.-Turnkey, turkey. primrore, violet, hepat'ca, 25.-Bale, dale, gale, hale, peony, harebell, orchis, kale, male, pale, sale, tale, aster, arum, campion, vale, ivale. 5.-Celebrity, celerity. 26.-Trent, rent, ten, net. 6.-Holidays. 27.-Swan, wan, an, a. 7.-Pheasant. 28.- F IR E 8.-All's well that ends well. I R O N 9.-Cart, car. R O A D 10.--)hump, chum. E N D S