Our friend H. C. PICE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CONUNDRUMS. No. 1.
1. Strange is the metamorphosis In London we can see. Why is this vast metropolis Just like the letter E ? 2. This con. will be discovered with Some care ; then please note down, When should a head be covered with A monarch's golden crown P 3. Let me hear your explanation Of this riddle I unfold- Why's a whispered conversation Like the act of stealing gold ? 4. There is a difference perchance, 'Twixt a festival all blazing And a brilliant ballroom dance, Where the ladies are amazing. 5. When the maid to deadly whiteness grew, And gasps came from her throat, Why was it like the actor who Plunged a dagger in his-coat P H. C. PRICE. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. Come, Young Folks all, both great and small, With your riddling caps in hatd; First let me see, how many are we- Dear me I a numerous band. Well, my primals and finals, read downwards show What has pleased us all very much, I know. Then cheer, boys, cheer, for our Young Folks true And what my acrostic brings to view. Cross Words. My first is pussy in a plight; Poor animal, do put her right. Kairon is second, I am sure, And Arthur, Jack, and many more. Third is a tree which yields fine wood. Fourth, when a baby, I thought good. My fifth below this riddle lies- In fact, 'tis now before your eyes. Strive to be this, my little maid, In Nature's simple charms arrayed. Seventh is a Venetian sculptor, I ween, Born in the year 1616. Tom may have an eighth when they're made, A raspberry, plum, or marmalade. What you possess, both bright, no doubt; Two letters name them-find them out. A little word, sometimes so hard to say, And yet we use it often every day. A dangerous plaything; don't give it to boys- Skittles and pegtops are the safest toys. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. CHARADE. No. 3. As the Arab pursues his lonely way O'er deserts so dreary from day today, My first, who alone is his faithful friend, Will remain with him till his journey's end. So onward they press during day and night, But my second, alas I is not in sight. Where is he P Nothere. " Oh, would that he were i" Is the Arab's earnest, unuttered prayer. * * # w * Now the goal is reached and the end attained, " The child of the desert,' his object gained, Will not rest-like many, desires anew For something, to guess which I give no clue. 'Tis my third, this time, who comes on the scene, And presents to the Arab's eye so keen An object so stately, which seems to say, "There's hope and joy wait for you far away." 'Tis neither an animal, man, nor tree, Yet oft brings a message to you and me. Now tell me my whole, and I'll say you're smart. 'Tis to be admired, for it is an art. HEBE. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 4. My whole, most likely, you have heard before, A pretty name an ancient goddess bore. Let us at once into our puzzle dive. What find we first ? Behold I 'tis 3, 1, 5; A name well known in nearly ev'ry home, And much abused in witless palindrome. Girls are sweet creatures, and in 2,1, 3 A name for a sweet creature you will see. What dreadful noise is that P Pray close the door, I can't endure the wretched 1, 2, 4. Now, dear Young Folks, you'd better set about And try yourselves to find my puzzle out; But if by your own skill it can't be done, Get somebody to leud you 3, 2, 1. BITNSTEAD AND(CROYyII.I. ENIGMA. No. 5. Dear readers, here's a riddle, and I hope you'll find it out, Which, if you set your wits to work, you'll soon do, I've no doubt. You'll find me in a cottage or in a mansion grand, And, to tell you plainer still, you've got me in your hand. I'm European, Asiatic, African also- In fact, you'll find me in the world wherever you may go. Now, having told you all so much, I think I'll say good-bye, And hoping as I say it that to guess me you will try. FRAoNK O'C. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 6. I am an aromatic plant, In gardens I am seen' My flowers they are yellow, And my leaves are mostly green. But if two centrals you delete, And mind you do it right, What is preterite of felt You then will bring to sight. J. O'Brwsr.
CHARADES. No. 7. My first stands high 'gainst the cloud-strewn sky, A stately rain and old; Perchance, in a time of war and crime, It sheltered men brave and bold. My next may be found in sweet music's sound, Full of notes both mellow and clear. And whole you'll espy, with a glance of your eye, In Ireland's map, riddlers dear. BaowN-Eras. No. 8. My first's a stream in England- I'll say no more; My second doth my first span From shore to shore. My whole's a town, past which my first doth flow- A town of note, which all Young Folks should know. RED DRAGON. REBUS. No. 9. -4. CONSTANCE CALVERT, CURTAILMENT. No. 10. My august whole will be A continental dignity; Curtail, and then you'll see An animal is made of me, Which, when minus its tail, you'll have near at hand A word signifying vehement command. MONAS-ROKT. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 11. An English town, if you behead, What means above you'll have instead; Replace the head, curtail, and you A gentle bird will bring to view. F. O'GRADY, Balbriggan. No. 12. A water-bird, transposed, will show A river in France,well known, I trow; Behead me twice, and I shall be A number, as you then will see. NESTOR. REVERSION. No. 13. At first I am a fraction; But if you turn me round, A word a snare expressing, I'm sure, will then be found. 'W. H. BIRD, Holloway. PROVERB REBUS. No. 14.
PETER PERT, Harrow. DECAPITATION. No. 15. Oh, what ingenious cons. arpe ent To figure at the " Tournamb6t I" Though many a youth, with hope inspired, And composition's mania fired, With little thought doth pen each line, And hopes the Ed. will not decline His con.; while some upon his space Do first too far, and thus efface The honour that they would have gained, Had they, like common folks, restrained Their ready pen, and curbed their muse. But now, 1 fear, I do abuse The space, and so I'll say adieu, And when I next my laggard pen I hope I shall have something new To say to girls and youths and men. SENS. SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. First is to level with the ground; That second's a mineral substance you'll find; Third is a land in Africa found; And fourth are large birds of the ostrich kind. DINGn.
ACROSTIC. No. 17. Foundation Word. Hail ! brightest season of the year Glad time of charming flowers ; Right well we knowwhen thou art near, For blooming are the bowers. No wintry blast now sweeps along, Destructive on its way, But happy birds together throng To carol their joyous lay. C'oss Words. Betimes 'tis calm, yet oftener wild; A most unenvied grave. The husband, far from wife and child, Doth toil upon it brave. What knights were said to be in old Upon the battle.fleld; But few are nowadays so bold With lance and trusty shield. An Irish poet of great fame, Beloved by every friend; Long, long may last his glorious name, And may his praise ne'er end. In time of war, upon the sea, Sends forth a stream of fire, Bombards the city on the lea, Ne'er tires it in its ire. A green and charming little isle, Famed for its beauteous maids; Its lakes and ruins would beguile, Likewise its sylvan shades. Out in the dark and stormy night, A mask is on his face, Watching his victim come in sight From out some secret place. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin, HIDDEN TREES. No. 18. Awake, little Alice, it's time to arise, The glorious sun is high up in the skies, The fowls in the farm fill the air with their cries- 'Tis time, Alice darling, to open those eyes I It's your birthday to-day; you are just four years old, So a kiss for your mother. Those little arms fold Quite tight round my neck. There, now, I have hold; I will carry you down and papa shall be told. Oh, these stairs are quite steep! I nearly fell down. What a narrow escape I Are you safe ? I will own You're worth all the jewels in the queen's golden crown, And double as much as the mayor of the town I Overwhelm you I won't, till you've broken your fast; You to nurse I must yield ere I have you to last; But I'll show you your ship with white sails and a mast, Which I bought for my Alice some little time past. Here are oranges, apples, dollies, and. cakes; A nice heap of presents, and plenty it makes. Of drawers here's a chest, nut-brown colour, oh, sakes l Been put here for Alice dear, when she awakes. H. C. PRacs. POLYPHONE. No. 19. I am, you will own, peculiarly fated- In France I'm liked, in England I'm hated; Though rather strange it may appear to you, Investigation soon will prove it true. To Britons I seem bad, to Frenchmen good; The former's sorrow, and the latter's food. Now, cluster round, Young Folks-Dick, Harry, Sam, Bob, Bert, and Jack-and tell me what I am. BINSTEAD AND CROYrDILL, SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. My first's a useful article We could not do without; My next, if you've a particle Of sense, you will find out; Now, third, if you would wish to view, 'Twill surely come to mind; 'Tis that with which I write to you; So now my answer find. KAIRnN. No. 21. A woman's oft addressed as this: The next will nimble be, I wis; Part of an inch I've reckoned third- Now do not say that is absurd; A female's name in fourth you'll see; An instrument my last will be- Find last, dear riddling youth and lass- 'Tis used for measuring the gas. W. H. IVARcnMB, Navigation. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 22. My first is always seen in reap; For next part of yourself put down; For third you'll see part of a ship; And next will name an English town. Fifth is to hinder or prevent; An animal next comes to view; For last, a consonant you'll see. Now, friends, I'll wish you adieu. ALBERT E, L.