Our friend P. CaGAN to.day takes the..lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. No.CH ' No.1.
One day from summer's scorching heat, While sitting 'neath a shade, I fancied this a nice retreat For writing a charade. I had the subject chosen well On which I was to write ; When, ]ol into my first I fell, Then all was still as night. Thus silence round me held its sway, And time flew quickly past; I found too long I did delay From home and my dear last. My cottage then I quickly sought, As I too long had mused; The whole was to the table brought, And at the dinner used. P. CREGAN, Trim. ACROSTIOS. No. 2. Cross Words. Mark the sweet and swelling air, How it vibrates on the ear, How it rises, falls, and turns, How it doth the drooping cheer. L6ok ye southward to those mountains, In succession how they rise, With their conic summits towering- Towering almost to the skies. Drowsy was I when I rose, But I peered out to the east, There I saw him blushing, glowing Brighter as the hours increased. There the pompous person sate, With a vceptre in his hand, With the appendages of state, Proud a nation to command. Foundation Words. Solve this riddle, and you'll own In reality 'tis a task; To make sure, read primals down, They will the truth unmask. - J. W. WEARING. No. 3. Cross Words. My first's an animal of a savage kind; My next in the Young Folks you'll find; A European country my next will be; These fish are found in the raging sea; In Y. F. B. my fifth I'm sure you've seen; My sixth's a colour, 'tis neither red nor green; An animal will be my last, I ween. Foundation Word. If you carefully read the initials down, You will surely see an English town. No. 4.-I am a word of eight letters. My 4, 5, 7 is a noise; my 7, 8, 5, 6,4 is a water fairy; my 1, 5, 7 is a spirit; my 7, 2. 7 is a person retired from the world; my 4, 5, 3, 7, 6 is a girl's name; and my whole is a river in Spain.-W. E. P., .Bermondsey. No. 5.-I am a word of eleven letters. My 4, 5, 10, 3 is a kind of meat; my 3, 2, 9 is a falsehood; my 3, 5, 10, 4, 9 is to go away from anything; my 8, 2, 3, 5 is a heap; my 5, 4, 10 is a girl's name; my 4,2, 8, 9, 11 is a snake; my 9, 5, 3 is a fish; my 10, 8, 9 is an animal ; my 10, 2, 7, 3, 9 is in any church; and my whole is a Budget hero.-T. BROWN. CHARADE. No. 6. The golden orb of day had closed his reign And plunged his glittering car de p in the main, When o'er the waves arose the sighing gale And filled each loose and flapping .,recian sail; As on its course the fleet does swiftly glide, And parts the dark and fiercely foaming tide, The wounded hero feebly grasps his lyre, And sadly sings, but not w th wonted fire : The Trojan shore, the Trojan shore, Is sinking in the main; Thessalia I may view no more, Nor look on Troy again. The Aigean spreads her robe of blue Far as the eagles fly; Ten years have passed since erst she drew Achilles forth to Troy. Ten years of toil and weary wars, Where clanking total rung; To first-to first l in Greiean cause, Each noble nation sprung I Next coursers madly spurned the plain And thundered to the foe ; Then crimson spears and heroes slain Strewed all the land with woe. But past is all the martial dream, And victory crowns the war; No moren my glittering whole shall beam, For Pluto yawns before. Patroclus' shade sighs mournfully, And whispers in the storm, A shadowy first, a Withered eye, And indistinct his form. Dim grows the fast receding shore, Where noble Hector fell; The tempests rave, the currents roar, Ye fruitful fields, farewell I F. W. PETCaICLL. ENIGMA. No. 7. I'm found in king, but not in queen; I'm found in white, but not in green; I'm found in ice, but not in snow; I'm found in fiddle, but not in bow; I'm found in iron, but not in brass ; I'm found in girl, but not in lass; I'm found in ink, but not in pen; I'm found in nine, but not in ten; I'm found in milk, but not in tea; I'm found in river, but not in sea; I'm found in rain, also in wind; ltiddlers all; my answer find. PbTuOOK,
ARITHMOREM. No. 8.. 11 and be will show to thee, An anmiial wild an'free; 501, with Trent tied on, Is the sceptre ofthe-sa;' 500 and roan, if-placedlalone, To deok or embellishwill be ;.. 1050 and oo, ladies thrifty Of'old used to labour with me . 500 and ray, if joined the 'right way, Will mention a measure, you'll se'b. Initials read down, and:a land of renown My answer mdst surely will give, Where the hues of fruits vie the deep purple sky That is seen on an autumnal eve. F.- W. PETOHELL.
GEOGRAPHICAt REBUS. No.9. FT. GEOOGE, London.
METAGRAMS. No. 10. I am a bird, but change my head, An island you will have instead; Change head again, and you will see That I am a portion of a tree; Change head once more, and is found A kini of reoreation ground: Again change primal, and to your sight You'll find you have the reverse of light. Pol' HooK. No. 11. Whole has retired from the world, But if you change my head; A small cake that is nice to eat I say you'll have instead; If you again repeat the change, A weapon it will show ; Once more, and then you'll surely see A certain quantity, I trow; Change again, and it will tell ý.: .: ; p!hat: oftene; heý . weenl ... L o. Assiiredly will be seen. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE, London.
PROVERB REBUS, No. 12. A. B.. Putnev.
DELETION. No. 13. An irrational animal f ,r my whole find out, Then please extract a letter, You'll very soon. have, without a doubt, What never could be better; Repeat the process, and you will see What none of us should do; Sk.-ain, and what means to exist 'twill be; So now I bid you adieu. H. BEYNON, Bristol. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 14. What we cannot do without, Behead, and then transpose; And what people pay for it " No doubt it will disolose; Transpose again, and-then, Iknw, What means to lacerate 'twill show; And if this you'll please behead, Part of your frame you will see instead. J.-T. H., Sheffield Park. No.15. L If a man's Christian namo you.behead and transpose, Anotber man's name it wiJl disclose ; This name again transposed by you, Another man's name 'twill bring to view. - MADQE WILmPIRE, Manchester. 0No.16. What means to stir is my whole, I trov;' ' Behead, and something not loud 'twill show; Restore, change head, and this the brook Doth always do, if you but look. .. F. HIscoW, Leeds.,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. - Ndo17. Foitndation Wmords. The sweetest son'gster of-his tribe; A flower of-beauty rare, inscribe. 'Oross Words: So fond, and then so kind to me, One more devoted dould not be; The atlas.trace, a lake is stated, Near Naples it is situated; A king, haughty, imperious, vain, Who bya courtier's hand was slain ; A beauteous, blue-eyed maiden's name, Brimful of merry sport and game. 0. MARSH, Dudley, VERBAL CHARADES. No. 18. My.first is inbull, but not In calf; My secbnd's:in wnole;-but not in half ; My third.is in rain, but not in shower; My fourth iS in broad,-butnot in flour; My fifth is-in run, but not in walk; My sixth;is Ii chatter, but notin talk ; My seventh's in fehce, 1tit not in Wall; My eighth is in tuimble. blit not.in fall ; My ninth is in France, but'not in Spain; My tenth is in mouth, but not in brain ; My next is in-rat, but not in mouse ; My Ia'stis in partridge, but not ih grouse. These letters when by you placed arihlt, W\ ill bring a Bidcget hero's name to sight. T. DRAKE, Stratford -No. 19. My first is in bramble, but not in thistle ; My second is in talk, but is also in whistle ; My third'is in apple, as well as in pear; Look well at'your carpet, my next-you lr find there; In key, look, and.knocker, my fifth surely will be; The sailor-boy knows me, I am part of the sea My seventh is in bottom, in top, and in tree; In over and over my eighth it will be; My ninth is in orange, in one. not in three; My tenth is the last, in England find me; My whole read down rightly, and in quiet pondered o'er, Will give you a lawyer well-famed for his law. ANNIE STANTON. HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 20.-1. Paulo uses quicksilver. 2. Who caused that rent? 3. Tibirias is a noble name. 4. The Amazoiiean queen died in battie. 5. Can you tell me what a marriage is ?-KING OBERON. HIDDEN CHRISTIAN NAMES. No. 21.-1. Why, Ted,, I thought you had gone off to school? 2. Was it a woman or man that you met dow ltho Euston-road? 3. It was the fr.st. Indian assemblage I had over witnessed. 4. It was a very unprofitable step for the bishopric hardly yields any income. 5. If I could only get an acknowledgment of my claim from them, matters would soon look a trifle brighter. 6. I think it tyranny, and nothing else.--H. STANTON, Holloway. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 22. tia:. . i; mhitlt le'at si iballtiicbntre delete, M MOuIAD V. TRANSPOSITIONAL CURTAILMENT. No. 23. My whole, I an certain, doth mean to retain; Curtail, the remainder transpose, And then to protract, or else to supply, The anpwer most surely then shows. G. GRANT, ayswate'. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 24. A gleam of light, if you transpose, A Scottish town twill then disblose. S. FRaANKLIN, Dublinl. No. 25. If you tianspose what means to frame, A proposition it will name.-, H. BEYNON, Bristol, No. 26. What-means to defy in this you'll espy; Transpose, and then, I ween, What I and you very often do Will then be surely seen. A. JENNETT, Bristol. DECAPITATIONS. No. 27. If you an English town behead, A preposition you'll have instead. J. WAKEFIELD, ]ManchestCl' No. 28. A look-of pleasure if you behead, A measure of land you'll have instead. - OMEGRAM. No. 29. A well-known tree, if you change its tail, Will give a colour without fail; Change tail again: -anr , ~,' will see A measure it will surely be. IF. A. CORDInY Sigliplakl ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Ram-rod. 10.-Speak well of the bridge 9.-- H'R i that darries you over. , H O 11.--Wolverhampton. S 0 B ER 12.-" To err is human, tO FRE E D OM forgive divine." F R I A R T U C K 13.T'ooth-ache. AG-RE T REAT 14 .-Friend-ship. 3.--Nttingham. 15.-Seam, same. 4.--Granite. 16.-Billow, pillow willoW. 5.-Mead, reed, heed, feed, 17.-Jock, mock, rock, Bock, lead. lock. 6.-Rate, gate, meat, team. 18.-A meric a, Nc i , g. r i- 7.-Caxton. - Thus: Coach, Thus: AmazoN, Ithac,ilC, ABnoy, Xerxes, Tintagol; " EginA, RendsberG, Itl'" Oliver, Nepenthe. -- ChesteR, AmericA. 8.-Plumber, lumber, umber. 19.--Bream. D.-Roland Q uizs. Thus: 20.-Mouth.,moth. Rood, -Omey, Limplid 21.--Coral, coal. Active, Nereid, Dervish, 22.-Mouse, Ouse. Quiet, Unlholy, Ir~somely, '2.--Spear, pear. Zealous. ....