Our friend Oaas H. Bou' to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
Pray, don't be so impertinenti If you wish to call me tall, Just say so in the proper terms, Or don't say so at all. I won't be called a first young man, If I am rather-lofty. I daresay, now, if I were mild, You'd choose to call me "softy." Again, sir, when you speak of me, Don't always say "that second." I'd have you know that I have quite As good as you been reckoned. And if I am an F.R.S., Ad ohbose sometimes to use it, Ulpon my word, I cannot see Why you must needs abuse it. Now, if you call both terms at once, Why, then I've no objection, For surely that time.honoured name Will bear minute inspection. For whole's the poet of my heart, And I feel proud to say it. And as I've spoken out my mind, I hope, sir, you'll obey it. CHRLES H. BomT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Nfo. 2. My first, though connected with each bulky purse, In poverty always is blended, And no matter how much before it you place, Ev'ry scrap would by this one be ended. Now, strange 't may appear, yet 'tis no less quite true, That my second like first is pronounced; And if 'tis transposed you'll an animal view, And in third I have now it announced. Of my fourth there are four, and such enemies they That they'll never appear all together; For whilst one's appearing the others are away, And each one loves different weather. Now I doubt not if you what my next represents, This diamond you'll quickly be solving; Still, to next you a poser, to puzzle you well, Through my mind I have now been revolving. So next it with skill if you wish to succeed, And don't he cast down with once failing; But next it again, for, as sailors oft say, This life is not always plain sailing. So to bring to conclusion this diamond in rhyme (If so you'll allow me to call it), Place the end of your nose (just a joke, bear in mind), 'Twill be safe, for no harm will befall it. Now, my friends, ever centrals-ay, centrals, I pray, No matter in what undertaking' With energy treat it, you're sure to succeed; So centrals with courage unshaking. J. MYERS; Dalton.in.Furness. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. I've not a penny in my pocket, Nor a friend to give me help, And my poverty folk mock it, And some call me "dirty whelp." I've not a shoe to put my foot in, Nor a jacket on my back; I've not a bag to put my soot in, Though I am a chimney-jack. I've not a home to put my head in, Nor a bit of aught to eat, Though my mouth I could put bread in, And I'd think it very sweet; If for a penny I should ask it, They would pass me by with scorn, And with this, too, in their basket, Ieaving me again forlorn. Now those who always this the fashion Sometimes think naught of a pound, But when I beg they're in a passion, And they knock me to the ground; They say I should be smothered, But for what I ne'er can tell, Except with me they're bothered, And the matches that I sell. Now if I'd but a little comfort, Oh, how happy I should be ! Though it's very little comfort That I get from all, you see. But I hope you will excuse me, Those who live upon my last, Although I think you won't abuse me, Though I'm but a poor outcast. MEssns. WALKER AND STEwAT, Astley Green. CURTAILMENT. No. 4. Come, Budgetiers, all staunch and true, Attention now I beg of you, Till I have told my simple tale, Then find the answer without fail. Here is a word for incident; Curtail, you'll see by this is meant What is not rough, but level quite: It also comes before the night. Once more take tail away, the same As you have done before, Then you.will see a female's name- But now I'll say no more. J. TnOWSDhL. METAGRAM. No. 5. If you'll please change the head Of a very young horse, You'll see the end for which we start Be it better or be it worse. And now change once more, An1d you'll view a good thing That none but a fdol Would to'Newcastle bring. .E.uz. EIu. UUrsa, Bradford,.
AlhIT !IMOlUiL. No. 6. To all who would view The puzzles they do In the "Tournament" page of this B. I give this advice : Peruse them o'er twice, And subject them to whole carefully. 601 and arn - Not very, sweet I can assure you; Its taste would never much allure you. 162 ,, tep = So very plain is this, I almost fear I've made it much too evident and clear. 106 ,, otr I ne'er am beaten, for I always win, And ultimately make my foe give in. 1001 ,, gea = I've tried to sketch you, but I cannot say How far I've managed to succeed that way. 110 ,, ttrae = A passage from a book I here present, And trust you will with it be quite content. 1 ,, hwysk= Once more I trouble you, then I retire; A glass of " something warm," please, I require. GEonGE G. CHARADE. No. 7. My first in many a field is seen, Of various hues, brown, white, and green, Living, it may the eye delight, But dead it is an ugly sight. My next in Britain's ancient days Roamed wildly through her forest ways. A prisoner now, but kept and fed, Kind hands supply its food and bed; But, strange to say, when cold and dead, We hang it up without a head. My whole beside my first is seen With solemn pace and curious mien; 'Tis sheltered from its many foes- In armour (not of proof) it goes; When winter comes, secure from harm, Making its nest all soft and warm, It sleeps away the cold, dark hours, And wakes again with April showers. T. W. WooDrMA. POLYPHONE. No. 8. Filling all the land with pillage, Spreading devastation round, Plundering town, despoiling village, Who does first is ever found. With his country discontented, He revolts against its laws, Only when his deed's repented, Calmness takes the place of wars. And this man, what do you call him P Who will for his cause oft die, Letting danger ne'er appal him- Can you tell me P-please, do try. In our homes, far from all riot, We will sometimes find one, too. " Won't do lessons; can't keep quiet," Saucily he says to you. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. DECAPITATION. No. 9. The baneful effects of my whole Are the curse of our beautiful land, It ruins both body and soul, And goes with fell crime hand in hand, Behead,'and to you will be shown A healthy resort, once much needed ; But now winter's keen blast has blown, It has been by King Frost superseded. Now slice off a head once again, And without further care or vexation, By what means, to you will be plain, I write out this decapitation. DUcMB-BELLS. SQUARE WORDS. No. 10. The brightest month in all the year, Or, at least, I think it so; A sign that dear old summer's near, When off out of town we go. Do not raise an exclamation In my telling this to you, For we are an imitation Of this animal-'tis true. To deck at merry Christmas.time Ornaments with this are crowned ; It thrives well in our native clime, And is green all the year round. C. R. GonUNasE. OMEGRAM. No. 11. First is an animal artful and sly, Who steals to the fowlhouse-I needn't say why. Now please change the tail, and if it's done right, What first is to fowls will be brought to sight. Change last letter again, and it will be What we often in November do see; Please change tail again, a person you'll view, Who I'm not like, and I hope none of you. S. ROBINsoN. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 12. A consonant my first will be; Next, wbat mankind is subject to; Third, a part of the human frame; My fourth a Budget hero true. For lifth a girl's name please put down; Sirth opposite to land you'll view; La:t is a cnsonant, you'll see * Audl so, dear riddllors,-now aieun. MzIscsIEvous PussY. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 13. If from a mark of bravery The centre you delete, What some folks have four times a day Will then your eyesight meet. G. MACDONALD.
CUIRTAILMEIN T. No. 14. Oh, sweet Amy Gray, with your eyes of brown, And your curls full of sunbeams all fallen down And tangled in meshes of silken hair, You surely are first of the village fair. And Harry, your lover, so loyal and true, That his very face beams when he meets with you, How often he longs for the joyous time When second with sweet and musical chime Shall tell'the world that Harry Clair Has wedded the fairest of maidens fair I BRowN".EYs. LOGOG-RIPH. No. 15. What builders use my first will be; Behead me, a reptile you will see; Now twice behead me, and transpose, A colour then I will disclose. C. PEACOCK. REBUS. No. 16. J. CHAB Es. CHARADE. No. 17. I know two blithe little maidens; One has eyes of the violet's blue, But the other's are darkest hazel, With golden gleam all through. Their names sound far sweeter to me Than soft music's rhythmic flow, And combined, they tell a useful plant Which you, dear riddlers, know. BRowN.EYEs.
SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. A blessing and a curse is this; A usefrl thing this second; The third is trod by young and old; These last of all are reckoned. FAUNA DEy. REBUS. No. 19. SnED. O'GRADY. ANAGRAM. No. 20. Mcaste huot mfor nidia, npopiyaj, nad hyw P Ot kmae rou rfeidsn epno rae nad yee, Zega no ym aheftsre, ndwore ta ym Itka, Dna kniht is't malsot mtie rof kcocye ot lwka. PHonEE J. R., Barnes.