Our friend F. W. BINSTEAD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Hail, clever friends and fellow.riddlers all I PRICE, KITCHNER, BARWELL, TAYLOR, and M'CALL, I hail you all, my skilful brother knights, Who have been with me in so many fights- Tourneys of ink upon a paper field, Where wit was lance, and intellect was shield! Sometimes I've led you to the jovial fray To overthrow our 'cute young foemen'I sway; At other times you each have led us on, And in your train on Pegasus I've gone. List, then, whilst I a puzzle shall propound. My irst upon each garment will be found; White, red, or blue; it's all the same to me- I think upoli it first'is sure to be. In second's letters three no sense is seen, SS0 we had best transpose them now, I ween. 'Tis done; behbld'as the result quite plain The word whichlnaames a very well-known grain, Which, if my recolleCtion is not wrong. * Some bard has'rAnldred famous in a song. 4nd now of total must I try to sing : He is our great and clever riddler-king, And may he rule us all our riddling days- His crown the laurels of a well-earned praise. F. W. BINSTEAD. REBUS. No. 2. '-' BO I . . I[¢, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 3. The chieftain is standing, in manner commanding, Under the shade of a sturdy old oak, And little he's heeding the traitor's wild pleading, Whose head they would first by a merciless stroke. "Oh, spare me I" he's saying. " For mercy I'm praying. The part of a traitor I'll ne'er play again. Indulgence be showing, and I'll e'er be owing You gratitude whilst in the world I remain." The chieftain is speaking : " For mercy you're seeking, But pause ere you utter that sentence once more. My ire you've been braving-now shall I be saving The life which you valued so little before ? The time now is pressing ; thy faults be confessing, For from this fair world you must quickly depart. From right you've been swerving, and you are deserving Of death, for you've acted a treacherous part." The sunbeams are stealing o'er him who is kneeling, Awaiting the stroke from a warrior grim; The sword is descending-his dark career ending, And Death's laid his chill hand for ever on him! No fond friends are weeping o'er him who is sleeping Beneath the cold earth, where he soon must decay; As last homage paying, a second is praying For the spirit of him who has now passed away. KITCHNER AND HARRINGTON. M-ETAGRAM. No. 4. Lovely first, O peerless maid, At thy feet my heart is laid. See. thy lover bends before thee, Faithfully he does adore thee. Ah, before my raptured gaze Next a vision bright doth raise ! 'Tis the church for us prepared, love, And I hear our vows declared, love. Say, sweet first, O peerless maid, Shall the twain as one be made. T. L. EHEn RT. CURTAILMENT. No. 5. This is a famous kind of food, And people say that it is good; But what a change, if you curtail! A little insect you will hail. R. MoNTGOMERT.
ACROSTIC. No. 6. Foundation Words. Read primal letters down with care, A riddler's name they will declare. Cross Words. It guides us on through light and gloom, And brings us nearer to our doom. M1y next does sweet refreshment give; Without it, sure, we could not live. Within the church, behold, she stands; Her new-made husband clasps her hands. A coloured fluid fourth will be; To write this con. 'tis helping me. The birds construct them in the spring, And there their young they forth do bring. My sixth diffuses golden showers And brightens all the springing flowers. Whate'er befalls, we always ought To stick to next, and falter not. In eighth you'll see a slimy fish Which makes a very pleasant dish. A limb my next will bring to view; It is possessed by all of you. When life and all its woes are past, We must resign unto my last. W. SAUNDERS, Powmill. SoAK ANoN. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. A kind of basket is my first; But you take off my head, Then on your view will quickly burst A name for dance instead. Transpose me now, and then you see What means to grin or sneer ; Take off nmy tail, transpose, then we A slippery fish have here. R. AReras:. DECAPITATION. No. 8. When whole, in nearly all the rooms Of every house I'm seen; Behead, and I'm collected then By many men, I ween ; Behead, and this is what you did At supper yesternight. Now, riddlers, if you try at all, You'll guess this puzzle right. SEEDY, Epsom. CHARADE. No. 9. Part of yourself my first is, I ween; A pretty lass in next will be seen Now, if they both are joined aright, A waiting second they'll bring to light. P. N. GAFNEY, Dublin.