Our friend H. V. BARWELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL MONOPHONE. No. 1, Foundation Words. What'tween two hills may oft be seen, Where flowers bloom and grass grows green, Where nature's placid and serene, My primals will proclaim. What ladies often wear for zeal, What never, never can reveal, But always helpeth to conceal- iy finals give its name. Cross Words. This word will denote What means done by vote, And when you have found it, curtail, Then first will appear Undeniably clear. In a church next you'll find without fail. A language which in Rome was spoken In ancient days now past; Curtail, and then, as some slight token, My third remains at last. Young Folks, persevere, And last will appear In a very short time, I've no doubt f A very slight clue I will give unto you- It means visible. Now find it out. H. V. BAwiZLL. METAGRAM. No. 2. Men with eagerness pursue me, You with admiration view me; Though we're little birds, who never To harm any one endeavour, Still our race is yearly worried, And our nests are homewards carried. Young Folks circle next is growing, Wheu 'twill cease there is no knowing; But 'tis able to supply them, All who will its numbers buy them. May its countless readers never Their connection from it sever. Beverage next, both mild and pleasant, Drunk by honest, sturdy peasant; Thirst allaying, strength bestowing; Made from fruit on home soil growing. In the summer which is coming, 'Twill be nice to be consuming. "Blind.man's buff" we now are playing, And the blinded one is straying. Hark ! he's now a corner nearing. How the fourth's detection fearing I Well he may. for he is caught, And to blind, instead, is brought. Dressed so neatly and so tightly, Comes my next, alert and sprightly, Mounts his racer, for trial ready, Sits him well, in seat so steady. Now we'll cheer him, race he's won. Riddlers kind, my task is done. P. M'CALL., Dublin. DECAPITATION. No. 3. I'm supercilious, no doubt yon will think, Anddisgnsted with me, turn away, When I mention it's awfully. vulgar to rink, Though rinking for long held the sway. To oblige, I once went with an uncle of mine Who declared he intended to skate. So I joined him, and thought it delightfully fine, And my joy at that moment was great. Alas! it soon ended-a terrible crash Was heard, and ere long I was winking At. stars in a mannerboth foolish and rash. - In my back I lay, thoughtlessly thinking, VWhile skatersrolled on me. Delightfully mixed Was the crowd, and soon all was confusion, While I in the middle was decently fixed, Last denouncing their uncouth intrusion, An ominous first soon disfigured my brow. Dear uncle had long since delparted- To o'erwhehlming forces he ever could bow- And therefore most thoughtfully started. I sang out most sweetly again and again, And politely explained, " You are crushing The bones in my body, thus causing me pain. Why do yod persist so in pushing ?" At last I reached home, both sorry and sore, And dreamt of my troubles again, sirs, Awoke in the morning, and vowed nevermore Would I undergo the same pain, sirs. T. W. Kirce-sR. ENIGMA. No. 4. I was born to be hung, yet no crime I've committed, And if I was tried, should of course be acquitted; No judge could say "Guilty I" since gold I possess, Though critics say I should be better with less. I am worse off than those who when hanged quicklydie- For ages I linger, to ponder and sigh ; From my lofty position I look down below, And see much of this life, of its pleasure and woe. I watch faces once comely growugly and strange (Though I may grow old, my complexion don't change; Of course I am painted, but that isno sin, For, friends, I don't do it a suitor to win). And, oh, the insulting remarks that I hear From people whose brains were short measure, I fear'! The way that they criticise, find fault, and stare, Has driven me oft to the depths of despair. rm aristocratic, my ancestry's long, I've always been healthy, my frame is still strongt The country of dykes was the place of my birth, And the older I'm growing the more ram worth. Axrni F. STANTON, Holloway. REVERSION. No. 5. If you take an English town, And please to turn it round, A word meaning to observe I'll sure will then be found. J. BA.3xsoN, Charleston.
ACROSTIC. No. 6. Foundation Word. My primals read, 0 riddlers dear, A warlike god will then appear. Cross Words. The goddess who sprang from Jupiter's brain; A Grecian hero, by Paris slain; A Scottish poet, well skilled in rhyme; A weapon used in olden time. Amrr RoseART. CURTAILMENT. No. 7. I am mostly used in winter, When the season's cold and drear ; And when battle fleroely rages, Next's what soldiirs have to bear. J. G. BRESAUT. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. Hoaacz W., Brighton. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 9. In every house of storeys two My whole is sure to meet your view; 'Tis sometimes broad, and often steep, And leads to where the inmates slooeep. From central part a letter bear, The residue will then declare What means to move one's self about. I'll leave you now to find it out. W. SAUNDERS, Powmill.
HIDDEN PROVERB. No. 10. "Tom, let us take a nice long walk." " Not I," said young Tom Impudence ; " The country has no charms for me. Besides, the sun has set long since." "Oh, nonsense, Tom I We all shall go, And down the shady lane we'll race." Upon this, Thomas cried, " I'll come." " But wash your dirty hands and face, And chase your wrath away," I said. E. Y. CIBWELL, Oaken Gates. FLORAL REBUS. No. 11. __ - ) ,/. W. H. Bznn, Holloway, SQUARE WORDS. No. 12. I loved a charming maiden, Her beauty was divine; I took her for a ramble, I first, " Will you be mine ?" Her lips could form no answer, She pressed my hand instead; My heart with bliss ran over, And tears of joy I shed. A piece of land next brings to sight; For third a useful metal write. In India's tangled forests The noble lion's found I The tiger, fierce and cruel, Doth also there abound. When evening's shades ,ave fallen, -- Forth from their last they creep, And roam the darksome jungle Thile nian is wrapt in sleep. S. W. Hixas, Worcester. DECAPITATION. - ' When whole, I'm an attribute most people prize; Beheaded, I'm witnessed by thousands of eyes; Beheaded again, I am one in h game, And now-I must leave you to guess at my name. San REGINa£LD. QE~::~;
DECAPITATIONS, No. 14. Turning, turning, o'er I go; I'm daily seen in park and Row, In country lanes me you may see, In market towns especially. In fact, I help to move all wares; I'm in all public thoroughfares, On railroads, tramroads, you'll see me; rm e'en on ships that cross the sea. Less me, I don t know what you'd do, For what Fve stated is quite true. What am I, pray, that wandereth so? I love to thus my trumpet blow D'ye sayP Oh, oh, you simpl, if I When others won't, why, praise yourself. That's what I'l do, what oft I've said. What's that you cry P 've lost my head? Ah, yes, 'tis true, but still I'll boast, And of my deeds I'll make the most, For I am that-from boasts I'll never swerve-.. Which 'tis your interest to conserve. Part of yourself, a useful part too, very, Especially when walking in a hurry. Pedestrians, I am fain to swear, Deprived of me, would be nowhere In any race they might compete, But, without me, I'm sure they beat Would be. What's that you say? That I again self.praises bray Well, well, I've stated but what's true; I'd praise myself, not trust to you, For you would-what? Chop off my head, Because I for myself have pled? May I not offer some excuse, Some present make, in words profuse, Tosave my head Will naught else satisfy? Well, be it so; you've done it. Water, or I diel Oh, gentle craftsman, let me stay In water sporting I Wend your way To other spots, where fishes gleam. Them you may take, but leave this stream. You won'tP Oh, my I what's this? i'n hooke& In fact, Fm now as good as cooked. In vain I know for mercy I Should sue to you. I'm doomed to die, But just one favour I would ask: Don't, crafty angler, let me bask In this warm sun' cut off my head- Another cut-that's two. I'm dead. When home, you'll find-mind what I say- That it is fifty, to a day. F. ELEI, Derty, No. 15. .My whole's a fowl well known to you; Behead it, and you then will view A garden tool. Now, friends, adieu. T. O'CoasoB, Kinsala CHARADE. No. 16. When the winter snow is falling, Crowning nature fair in white, Making all things look appalling, Grand, enchanting is the sight; Crowd we round the burning ember, Thus a pleasing circle form, Thankful are we to remember We are primal from the storm. But the wretched, weary outcast Forced is to onward go, Through the lone and dreary night fast, Through the blinding mist cf snow. How he craves, in tones distressing I How he pleads, in tones of woo l Clothed in rags, not e'en possessing Aught to next him from the snow. If, perchance, a wealthy noble Travels through the raging storm, Cloaks and furs, and many a robe'll Keep his noble lordship warm. He is frst, for, lo I behind him Comes a whole of men in arms; But the beggar when you find him, Flies before the storm's alarms. Toes BaorHES GoJr METAGRAM. No. 17. I'm sure we all know That fishes have this; Change head, and a noise You surely can't miss; A very strong drink Is found in my third; My next is, alas I A terrible word; Once more change my head, And then there is found 'A metal of use That comes from the ground Now, lastly, behead, And then you will say We always use one At least every day. NIL DasPEnI Dm SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. An Eastern title used for king; A place beloved by all; A word which we oft her at church; And birds which come at ll. Co I