OUR SPHINX. All contributions must be written on one side of the paper only, and be original, or the sender will be.debarred from a future appearance in our columns.
148. SQUARE WORDS. A very useful article. The intestines. To oppose. Separately. Hides. J. T. Palmer. 149. DIAMOND PUZZLE. A consonant ; an animal ; a house ; a burning moun¬ tain ; a town ; to endure ; to bury ; a trap ; a consonant. The centrals down and across will give the name of a good old town in Lancashire. J. Thompson. 150. TRANSPOSITIONS. Whole I am a naval officer : transposed I am subdued ; transposed again I am food ; beheaded and transposed I am a beverage ; transposed I am to consume ; beheaded I am a preposition ; curtailed I am a vowel. J. С A. and F. D. 161. ENIGMA. When Adam out of Eden fair was driven, Through disobedience to the will of Heaven, I kept the entrance, barring his return, For Heaven's anger 'gainst him fierce did burn ; Me, Adam likely ne'er before had seen, Yet in the earth for ages I had been. I often try to break my bonds of clay, And to earth's surface eometimes force my way ; But where this happens, round about that place I cause destruction to the human race. But, though α mighty instrument of doing ill, Yet an important office in the state I fill. I make the engine run from day to day, And drive the ship across the ocean way ; Though thus throughout the world I have to roam, The smallest cottier keeps me in his home. In many tempers I am said to live, And to some eyes a sparkling light I give. And now I end.—May Heaven always grant My genial influence to those in want. John Scott. 152. GEOGRAPHICAL ARITHMOREM. 1,050 and nail rug. 151 ,, are one. 550 „ no age. 50 ,, car as bet. 1,050 „ out real. 1,150 „ leon. 551 „ rake. The central letters of the above towns will name the European country in which they are situate. J. С A. and F. p. 153. CHARADE. My first is in grease, but not in candle ; My second's in door, but not in handle. My third's in clump, but not in bunch ; My fourth's in bite, but not in munch. My fifth is in ham, but η >t in pork j My sixth's in Cambridge, but not in Cork. My seventh is in hum, but not in sing ; My eighth is in prick, but not in sting. My ninth is in tea, but not in milk ; My tenth is in cotton, but not in silk. My eleventh's in sand, but not in mire ; And my whole is a town in Hampshire. W. E. Brown. > 154. SQUARE WORDS. A county in England. To overthrow. To recompense. To draw along. To name. J. T. Palmer.