S~i28s " U 170 PRIZEST 700 PRIZES
Will be given away to our Readers during the twelve months beginning with this Number. Of these EIGHT PRIZES will be awarded evel weccek for Solutions of the BIBLICAL, HIS- TORICAL, and GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES, FouR to Senior readers and FouR to Juniors. EIGHT Books and TWELVE Certificates of Merit will be awarded Every Month for the TWENTY best ORIGINAL ESSAYS upon a given subject, These may be competed for by readers whose ages do not exceed Sixteen years, and will be divided into two classes, Senior and Junior, as described below. (See Rule 2.) With the Monthly part of " Our Darlings" we shall occasion- ally present our readers with A BEAUTIFUL COLOURED PICTURE, suitable for binding with the volume, of which the first, en- titled, "BY THE SEA," we give away with this Weekly Number and Monthly Part. THREE SPECIAL PRIZES, to be selected by the Editor, will be awarded each time for the three best original tales or essays upon the subject of the picture, to be competed for by readers under Twelve year s of age. In addition to the foregoing, ANNUAL PRIZES of a very valuable kind will continue to be awarded to those who successfully answer our PRIZE SCRIPTUrn QUESTIONs. (See next page.) To avoid disappointment and trouble, it is absolutely neces- sary that great attention be paid to the following GENERAL RULES FOPR THE GUIDANCE OF ALL CANDIDATES. 1. In every case, whether the subject be Prize Scripture Ques- tions, Puzzles, I'octical Enigmas, Monthly Stories, or Prize Essays, the replies must be written clearly and legibly. The spelling should be correct, as both spelling and writing will count in awarding prizes. 2. The candidates in each section must not exceed the follow- ing ages:-" JUNIoRs" refers only to readers of twelve years and under. If the twelfth birthday is past, even by one day, they are ineligible for that rank ! "SENIORS" refers only to readers over tweclve and ilot cxcecding si.tecu ycars. After sixteen no candidate is eligible. 3. A candidate is eligible to receive THREE prizes in any one section within the twelve months; that is to say, a boy, if he is 11 years old in January, may contend until he is twelve years of age in the JUNIOR section ; and if successful on three several occasions will receive a prize for each. In July of the same year, being 12 years of age, he is competent to contend in the SENIOR section during the remainder of the year, and may receive three prizes also within the twelve months in that sec- tion. When a candidate has obtained the full number of prizes in any one section for which he is eligible, his name, if he is successful, will on all future occasions during the year be printed as having obtained HONonURABL MENTION. 4. The answers, essays, or stories must in every case be certi- fied by a minister or teacher to be the unaided efort ofthe candidate:. No one is at liberty to copy from books, and any one breaking this rule will be disqualified for competition for a whole year! 5. Replies to the weekly puzzles and enigmas should come to hand not later than the next ensuing Thursday morning's post:
for example, answers to puzzles contained in " Our Darlings" of Saturday, 1st November, should arrive by first post on Thursday morning, the 6th November. Answers from candidates abroal will be received up to the last post on Saturday, the 8th, and so on. Monthly prize essays and monthly stories written to the picture, should arrive not later than the 10th of the next month: for example, subjects announced and the picture given with the November part, should be replied to by the 10th Decem- ber, and so on. All communications on these subjects must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is expected, a stamped and addressed envelope should be enclosed :-Tzr PuzzLr. AND EssAy EDITOR, Ofice of " Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepncy Cause- wa!, London, E. 6. In no case can stories, essays, or answers be returned to the writer; and as the puzzles, etc., are now given weekly, it will be impossible to publish the names of successful candidates more often than once a month, as this magazine goes to press long in advance. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which appeared in No. 145 of " Our Darlings." Son SeNIoRs. ANswER To PUzzLE No. LXXXI.-New Orleans, in Louisiana, U.S. ANswER TO PcZZLE No. LXXXII.-Jonah in the whale's belly (Jonah ii. 4). Son JUNIORns. ANSWER TO PUZZLE No. LXXXI.-Lebanon, or Jebel-Libnln. Rivers, Jordan and Orontes. ANSWER TO PUZZLE NO. LXXXII.-Aaron stripped of his garments in -Mount Hor by Moses, who put them upon Eleazar (Num. xx. 2.1-2S). PRIZES.-A BOOK (VALUE 3s. 6d.) Was awarded to each of the following, for correct answers:- SENIons. KATHLEEN GRIFFIN (13.}), Millbrook Villas, Tavistock, Devon. WILLIAM YONGE (134), 13, Wilson Patten Street, Wuarrington. JUNIos. LouIs, WILLIAMS (11), 68, St. Luke's, Cork. MARY Gr.:IN (lo0), Whitford Hill, Bromscrove. WILIAMI LONCFIRLD (10), Curriglass Rectory, Tallow, County Cork. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [Note.-The Puzzles in prose are taken from Sacred and Pro- fane History, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will furnish us with themes. The puzzles i, rhjtme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIons. Fou books, of the published value of 3s. 6d. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candi- dates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE No. I.-A Lord IMayor of London once had the honour of entertaining four kings at his banquet. Name him, also the four sovereigns. PUZZLE NO. II. Something which purifies and yet consumes, Something doth not consume yet purify, E'en so the Lord should be unto His own When He descendeth from His throne on high: A promise and a trial; both fulfil In rule of Jesus the Almighty will. Son JUNIORs. The FouR most successful and satisfactory candidates will receive each a book of the published price of 3s. 6d., and of their own selection. PUZZLE No. I.-There is a group of islands in a Strait which form, as it were, a number of stepping- stones between the most easterly point of Asia and the most westerly point of America. Name them and the Straits. PUZZLE NO. II. 'Twas a deadly weapon on mischief sent By one who was ever on mischief bent,
From him who was rich to one of low state, Professing much love yet feeling much hate, 'Twas launched in wrath and caused alarm, Yet where it rested it did no harm. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR NOVEMBER, 1884. IGHT Beautiful Books and TwELVE Certificates of Merit will be awarded this month to the writersof the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. They will be divided as follows: Four Books and Six Certificates in each section, between the Senior and Junior Candidates. In every case the names of the prize-winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For directions, see General Rules. SENIOR SUBJECT-" A History of the City of Damas- cus, and Incidents in connection therewith recorded in the Bible." JUNIOR SUBJECT.-" lMusical Ins trluments mentioned in the Scriptures." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. TWENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £30, Will be given away at the close of 1895 for the best answers to the 150 Questions which will appear during the twelve months of' 1884-5. 1st, £5; 2nd, £1; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2; 6th, £1 15s.; 7th, £ 15s.: 8th, £1 10s. ; 9th, £1 10s.; 10th, £1 5s.; 11th, £15s.; 12th, £1 ; 13th, £l: 1.th, 15s. ; 15th, 15s. ; 16th, 15s.; 17th, 15s.; 18th, 15s.; 19th, 15s. ; 20th, 10s.; 21st, 10s.; 22ud, 10s.; 23rd, 30s.; 24th, 10s. ; 25th, 10s.; 26th, a Bible with Maps and Illus- trations; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. cir Tu c PRINTED conR3, on WUhich answesrs to THESE SCRIP- TURE QUESTIONS MusTr be sent in, together with the conditions of competition, mail be had by enclosing two postage stamps addressed to the Editor of "Outr Darlligs," 18 to 26, Stepney Cattsecwa!, Lon- don, E. 1. When did one who was not a dweller on earth an- nounce to a king that he had only a clay to live ? 2. What king before he came to the throne was spoken of by one as a fugitive slave, by another as a madman, though afterwards regarded by the latter as an angel from heaven ? 3. Give an utterance proving the humility of Jacob.