Our friend P. M'CALL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. SQUARE WORDS. No. 1.
A harper at our door was playing, His garments first, and wan his face, With thrilling music thus repaying The bounty of our sister Grace. A legend wild was he reciting- A second had a lady ta'en, Till, after scenes strange and exciting, By valiant knight was second slain. And as he sung his third bright glistened, A heavenly light came o'er his brow, While we, enraptured, to him listened, And time sped on, I know not how, Till Gracie spoke thus, " Fourth, dear singer; You have exhausted al your strength. We, wild and wilful, made you linger, Nor heeded we this long hour's length. " Now will we give you some small token Of our affection, though but small." And scarcely had our sister spoken Than on his palm did money fall. P. M'CALL, Dublin. ENIGMA. No. 2. Oh, grief of my annual holiday week, When health at the seaside in lodgings I seek I You heartless purloiner ! you horrible glutton i You steal all my fragments.of beef, fish, or mutton I When to my landlady I speak of the theft, Saying, " Where are the half-eaten joints I have left ?" She meekly asserts 'tis her inmost belief That you are the ceaseless and merciless thief, And, as disbelief would be likely to grieve her, I, like a poor martyr, pretend to believe her. I recollect well, when a very small boy, That you always were my most favourite toy; Although roughly cut from a mere stick of wood, No costlier plaything I thought half so good. And though it was vulgar to play in the street, I couldn't resist such-a glorious treat, And with a small stick and yourself I would play Till weariness came with the close of the day. Ah, dearly I loved you in those days, forsooth, Thou glorious, dangerous toy of my youth ! The skulking garotter and cowardly thief You. often cause very much sorrow and grief, As still you work on in humanity's cause, To teach savage robbers humanity's laws. A pity it is that a need there should be For you in old England, the land of the free. But, I suppose, those who make our statutes find That you work more good on the brutalized mind Than anything else. But I hope for the day When you, like all horrors, must fall to decay. F. W. BINSTEAD. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. 1. " I dare do all that doth become a man I" Cried young Tom Valiant to his sister Fan. ' Where have you read those words, my brother dear ?" "In Shakespeare do the noble words appear." Ii. " Who dares do more is none," he further said, As from the shelf he took the ponderous tome. "A lesson for the greatest, pretty maid- King, emperor, Sultan, or the Pope of Rome." L'ENVOI. Distinct, a set of words you'll see, Within each verse above displayed, And thus, as surely you'll agree, The double transposition's made. T. L. HEMEaT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Words. Primals and finals, read downwards, proclaim Two Young FulWs' riddlers of very great fame. Cross Words. Dear riddling friends, for first put down A well-known kind of bird' My next will name an Irish town; An animal is third. Now, riddlers all, in fourth you'll see A lung disease, I ween; Inveterate malignity My next doth surely mean. A map of England now take down, And in it you will see My next, which is a famous town; Seventh a bird will be. A word which wisdom means, no doubt, My next will bring to view. Now, friends, please make the answer out. Good-bye-a kind adieu. T. O'CoNaon, Kinsale. OMEGRAM. No. 5. A word which same as caution means Please find, and change its tail; In changing it into a fish, Reader, you cannot fail. Repeat the process once again, Though 'tis hard to believe, You'll have what Ion Christmas morn Did from a friend receive. Now you must change the tail once more. 'Tis really very strange ! A Christian name for boys appears, Just through this simple change. Now substitute another tail, If'tis not troubling you, A vehicle before you stands. Now I must say adieu. CONCORDIA. HIDDEN PLACES. No. 6. I saw her in church in a pew; I lent her my hymn.book to sing. From friendship to love it soon grew; The token-'twas a wedding.ring. LncY MULLEN.
CHARADE. No. 7. My first, I know,you often use, 'Tis blue, and red, and black; No schoolhouse in the town, I think, Doth in the fluid lack. My last, I know, you often do Too often in a day. My whole is made to hold my first- But now I will away. WTrr STAB, DECAPITATION. No. 8. This is a thing we use To go up any height; Take head away, and then 'Twill soon bring into sight A snake in this land found That poisons with its bite. J. TaowsDAuz. REBUS. No. 9. J. HALLIDAY, Blrompton. TRANSPOSITION.
No. 10. Mr. Cox, Sir Richard's butler, An appointment with me made, And through groves of firsts I hurried To the open forest glade, Where I had agreed to meet him, When a rustling sound I heard; Soon I found 'twas but my second, And my second is a bird. MAUD BARTON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. My second is a female's name, And either way it reads the same; My third an animal will be, But if it is reversed. Instead of it you then will see My very sticky first. F. T. RIDLET, Newcastle. REBUS. No. 12. -- I W. NORnzN, Wicklow. ENIGMA. No. 13. Young Folks, in almost ev'ry place I'm seen- In houses, fields, or in the meadows green; Look in the deep, vast, rolling ocean wide, Upon its breast I'm certainly espied. Look in the streams that through the meadows run, You'll see me there, quick glancing to the sun. Now turn your gaze where, limitless, expands The broad, wide range of Afric's burning sands : In certain spots I'm there. 'midflow'rs and grass, A boon to those who o'er the desert pass. If o'er the desert you should go some day, Oh, do be well supplied with me, I pray I In fine, Young Folks, you could not live without me. Now tell me who I am or what about me. D. F. O'CONNxo, Kinsale. METAGRAM. No. 14. I cleared a first of earth By giving a good second. One a sort of hill is; / T'other a leap is reckoned. W. M. AkSmmAN, Hereford.
TRIPIE ACROSTIC No. 15. Foundation Words, Firsts name a French town, which most of A Prussian city centralsthe wihl ho. of Now, further go, in Hollandnyou will sh A famous town, by finals brought to ind Gross Words. See that unruly mob, that seething f A spark of hate into a flame has burst Hear those wild yells, that horrid thrst blood Can nothing next P Those howling5 r blood! To peaceful citizens. The strugli e no goaod Now madly rushes onward. Willit mass That lordly mansion P That exu ltaye Proclaims that soon a blackened, smoki shell Will but remain to mark the smoit wh shell A stately pile exists. Alaslt s where now The creaslng doors yield 'neath the onderous blows Which ceaseless fall! The inmates flyto oppose The fierce, resistless torrent were in oppose The frenzied rioters an entrance ain . And, shrieking hoarsely, rush from lace tola With fiendish glee depicted in each face. lace At length they reach the third, and quickly then The valued tomes, the work of many a penn Are strewn in wild confusion, torn, and rent. But see them still on direr mischief bouent See that insensate fury-in her hand She bears triumphantly a fiery brand. A moment, and a tongue of flame darts out! The fiends now fourth the deed with deafenig s And still more reckless grow till from their pr ehot, The ravening element drives them away r prey Deluded wretches, know ye not this cri. Will fill the hangman's hands? While e havetime Disperse, nor linger near this fatal spot, But hide ye till the deed shall be forgot; For, if ye stay, your lives are bought and sold, For there are traitors who, for proffered gold' Will fifth as many as the law will buy. Away! away ! To stay means but to die. Hark! 'Tis too late I Hear yonder distant driln: Mark that appalling cry: " The redcoats come!" See now those waving plumes, those sabres bare, Which glitter brightly as they flash in air. A sharp, short struggle, and the day is won; The scattered rioters like scared rats run, Save those who, trampled 'neath the chargers' feet, Fall and lie groaning in the miry street ; Sixth are their numbers, and yet many more Shall sup to.night behind a prison door. Thus ends the ill-judged riot, but the train Of misery which it brings doth still ren.:iu. A. S. PLars, Sh:field. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 16. Now, riddlers, as a hint, I'll mention, If you my centrals place aright And give this your polite attention, A well-known country comes to sight, This is in every diamond found; Next's often seen upon the ground; This is a Christian name for man; For fourth a kind of fish you'll scan; A well-known country, if you please; An island in the West Indies ; And now my sweetheart's name please find; A well-known fruit this brings to mind ; For last a vowel quickly you'll descry. And now I'll make my bow and say good.bye. F. I. CoeLsos. CHARADE. No. 17. My first's a portion of a church, A prominent portion, too, For long before the church you see, This rises to your view. The pig's got out, and running wild. Oh, what a next he'll give! I'll have him killed; the little beast's Too troublesome to live. My whole for sportsmen hath great charms, But.it I can't extol, For often accidents befall Those riding in a whole. RIED DaiAOs. ENIGMA, No. 18. I first one summer's morning To cull some seconds gay, For winsome third's adorning, For 'twas her wedding-day. J. G. LAi:BEBT OMEGRAM. No. 19. Now, solvers keen and riddlers wise, My whole a blessing we would prize Will bring unto your sight; But if aright you change my tail, It instantly will then unveil What often gives delight. Now rightly alter tail again, And it will certainly explain An article we wear; And if once more you change my form, What minute guns do in a storm It quickly will declare. W. PRxmus,