OH? PuzzI~ D~mant;
LD MIERRY has much pleasure in once more saying How d'ye do ? to his young friends of the puzzle department. As so much interest was shown in w last year's Evening Merry-Makings, he begs to announce that it is his intention to take special care not only to sustain, but to increase the interest this year. He very heartily invites all the young readers SMen.err and Wise to set their wits to work, and try to unravel i puzzles, and solve the problems which will be given from nth to month; and he proposes to offer prizes to those who nd in the greatest number of correct answers. The list of izes will be announced on the wrapper; and the distribution ill be made every month. The conditions are very simple, but tey should be carefully studied. 1. All our young subscribers-that is, all who take in a copy of the agazine, may compete; but of course it would be obviously unfair for oown-up people to do so, or for competitors to receive the assistance of own-up persons in solving the puzzles. 2. All letters must be post-paid; the answers must be written legibly; correspondence on any other subject should be written onthe same sheet paper; the name and address of the sender must be written distinctly, d the letter addressed "To the Editor of Merry and Wise, 27, Pater- ster Row, E.C.," with the word " Puzzles " inserted on the cover. 8. The answers will be carefully compared, and the prizes awarded cording to the number of marks obtained. All puzzles, for the present, st be answered in full, and the Scripture Enigmas, &c., must have the apter and verse quoted in every case.
4. The answers must reach the Editor by the 12th of the month, or no notice can be taken of them; they must be written in the same order in which the questions are given; and each competitor must forward the letter, which will be found on the cover. If this letter, or sign, is not sent, the answers will not be acknowledged. 5. We shall be very glad to receive original contributions to our puzzle department; and as we have already a good many who kindly supply us gratuitously, we shall not in any case pay for puzzles. The fact of contributing will not disqualify from competing, but the answer;i will count, and of course will always score so many marks. This is, therefore, an inducement for contributors. I. DECAPITATIONS. 1. Whole I am a piece of furniture; behead me, and I am part of the head; behead me again, and I become something without which yo: cannot live. 2. My whole is an article of dress; behead me, and I am a foreign animal. 3. Whole, I am a brittle but useful manufacture; behead me, and I am a young woman ; behead me again, and I become an animal. 4. My whole is a reptile; behead me, and I am a part of the body; behead me again, and I am another word for being poorly. 5. My whole is a weapon of war ; behead me, and I am a fruit; behead me again, and I am an organ of sense. 6. Whole, I am to move suddenly; behead me, and I am something to eat; behead me again, and I am the occupation of painters. II. HIDDEN BATTLES. 1. Hannibal made his way across the Alps with great difficulty. 2. Around his captives' wrists, Lord Mar a thong hath bound. 3. I should not mind enlightening Frank on that subject. 4. That kind.-hearted boy never teazes his sister. 5. Was the rehearsal amiss ? They said it was. 6. "What, Philip; late as usual ?" said the master. 7. I saw a little girl, dressed in calico, run naughtily away from her mother. 8. Lo! Dieth thus the honourable man ?" 9. Don't fidget so, Hiram; I lie still on the bank.
III. NUM-BE:ZED CHARADES. am a word of six letters. My 4, 5, 2, 3, is a fruit. My 1, 2, 6, is an mal. My 6, 2, 4 is found in a cask. My 1, 2, 3 is a vehicle. My. , 6 is what we all do; and my whole is found in every furnished LouisA. am a word of ten letters. My 2, 7, 8 is asmall horse. My 2, 7, 4 is ort sleep. My 10, 3, 4 is to break asunder. My 6, 3, 8 is something ercd. My 10, 9 is a word of denial. My 8, 3, 4 is an opening in a go. My 5, 9, 8 is a quadruped. My 1, 4, 3, 2 is nine inches. E. O. FARRER. FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. Myv first is sedate; my second is a colour. M y first is luscious ; my second is a man's name. My first is a girl's name, and my second is a precious metal. .My first is a greasy substance; my second is a drinking vessel. . My first is a fop; my second is a noble animal. 6. My first is a carriage; my second is a people. FANNY BAKER. V. PUZZLES. 1. My first is a large body of water; My second signifies assent; My third is a beverage ; My whole is a domestic animal. L. C. 2. My first four letters indicate a sign; My fifth, a word that modest men decry. Wouldst spell my next three ? Out upon thee ! Fie! My last makes singular a plural verb ; and now, in fine, What signifies my whole-my letters nine ? L. C. Take 9 from 6, and leave a remainder. Add five strokes to six strokes, and let only nine remain. Arrange the figures 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 into three rows of three res, so that they shall make 15 counted every way.