Our friend F. W. PETCHELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. No. 1. Cross Words. From sunny Spain to England's shore This noble fleet did sail; A storm ar, se, the winds did roar, And thunder rolled the ocean o'er, Then, in the swelling gale, To rocky next, with many a crash, I he fated vessels haste; Splintered where seething currents dash, Shattered beneath the lightning flash, Then lost in foamy waste. Once foremost in the Trojan host Thundered this hero's car; His name was known on every coast; 'Twas Priam's pride, the Trojan's boast, And stirred their hearts to war. When Autumn's bl ghted, withered hand Has stripped the verdant trees, Around the time-worn oak so grand This twines, with ,eany a leafy band, Unharmed by wintry breeze. In the calm, smiling vales of France This artless flower doth raise Its pure, white head towards the glance Of the bright sun, whose sweet rays dance From grass to leafy maze. To soothe th' uneasy babe to rest, Singing this the mother tries; Soon on that fond and loving breast, By happy, childish dreams possessed, In sleep the infant lies. Seventh is the time when daylight ends, And gloom spreads o'er the sky; The chilly dew from heaven desc'nds, While in the west the purple blends With the sun's crimson dye. High in the heavens my last ascends, And beams on ruined Troy ; And as its rays to earth it sends, A curling wreath of black smoke wends Its way up to the sky. Foundation Word. See how brave primals, in his car, Defies the deadly shafts of war, Poises his spear-at each fell blow A Dardan to the shades must go; Till weak the mighty hero's arm, And cold the heart which once was warm, To the Greeks' camp the chariot flies, And in his heel an arrow lies, Sent from the fair-faced Paris' bow, Laying the dauntless hero low. With roaring sound and leaping high, The flames light up the starless sky; The glowing embers spread the fire, And ashes form proud Priam's pyre. F. W. PETOCELL. CHARADE. No. 2. One night, while writing in my room A long and tiresome letter, The servant-girl rushed quickly in- The poor girl knew no better. " Oh, sir 1" she cried. " a first has come, And almost killed me quite With running If om the room to you In such a dreadful fright." " Tush. girl," said I ; "be not afraid, I'll shortly settle himn; Get me a whole, and then, by morn, He cannot stir a limb." The cirl obeyed, and sure, by morn, My first was caught by second; And in my whole it safely lay, As I had rightly reckoned. F. HISCOE, Leeds. PUZZLES. No. 3. One-fifth of plate, One-fifth of elate, And then one-fourth of lame One-third of lad. One-third of sad. An English town will name. D. WALES, Pyle. No. 4. One-fourth of hire, One-fourth of fire, And then one-fourth of plea; One-fourth of moon, One-fourth of soon, An English town you'll see. J. PARISH. PALINDROME. No. 5. I am part of the human frame, Backwards or forwards I read the same; Riddlers, please find out my name. POTHOOK. DECAPITATION. No. 6. Mfy whole is a country, Which if you behead, A t"o-common feeling Will disclose instead. LUIOI BERNARDO. HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 7.-There are several fine picture galleries in Dresden, the capital of Saxony. 2. The Kiolen are a lofty chain of mountains. 3. I love you, and I own it, Henry. 4. Lucy dearest. that rent must be sewn up immediately. 5. Fermoy is a town in Munster. 6. I was exceedingly glad to see you rally so quickly.-H. STANTON, Holloway. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. From an English town the centre take out, And a precious stone you'll have without doubt. PoTInooII.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 9. When I was up at Windermere Upon the lake I went, And many very happy hours Upon it I have spent. I've rambled on the mountain sides Which are so very steep, And I have often fished and bathed Within its waters deep. I used the whole upon my rod, I'm sure it you would like, If you had only heard it " whiz " When I had hooked a pike. Behead, and then, I think, you'll see A fish oft caught in mud; When it is stewed, the people say That it is very good. Restore my head, cut off my tail, And then, I think, you'll see A coin that's used in Portugal I'm sure that it will be. J. RICHcIxRDSON, Liverpool PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. T. S., London. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 11. The song that children sing at Christmastide Transposed, will quickly bring to view A precious substance known both far and wide; 'Tis known to ladies and to me and you. F. W. PETCIIELL. No. 12. A guard or keeper transposed by you, At once a gift 'twill bring to view: Transpose again, and then you'll find, A sliding box 'twill bring to mind. R. M'CARTNEY. CURTAILMENTS. No. 13. What is found in mines if you curtail. t girl's Christian name you'll see without fail. Bow-wow. No. 14. Now, puzzling friends, let it be known That my whole is a mass of stone : But please curtail, and, 'pon my word, You'll see a monstrous Arabian bird. J. MURnanY, LivrrpnnL
QUOTATION REBUS. No. 15. METAGRAMS. No. 16. An Irish town if you change head, Another one you'll have instead. G. WEBB, London. No. 17. Riddling friends, take up your pen, And write down an article worn by men; But change the head, and then you'll see Something disliked by you and me; Change once more, and, sure as a gun, You'll see another word for a pun; Again please change, and you'll quickly see An adjective in the superlative degree; Please change again, and if you see this clearly, You'll own it's sweet to the traveller weary. J. MURRAY, Liverpool. DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. A country in Europe If you behead, 'What sufferers have You'll see instead. H. H. ADAMS, Chelsea. No. 19. If what means to steep you'll please behead, A sort of tree you'll find instead. MARIE LOUIE AND BEATRICE.
TREBLE ACROSTIC. No. 23. Cross Words. All those who business doth pursue To do this tirst should be their aim; And as this life we travel through, Young Folks should try and do the same. When we sat round the festive board We have done this, both one and all; To us much vigour was re-tored, Or surely we to earth would fall. Convenient to Cape Guardifui, This island now you will explore ; It lies in the Arabian Sea, Off lonely Afric's eastern shore. The weary traveller on his way Feels this, I'm sure, at evening's close, When, after travelling the long day, 'Tis sweet to him to seek repose. Let those who wish to live in peace Shun this, because it leads to crime; By it their happiness would cease, Perhaps meet death before their time. When this acrostic is complete, With this I'll send it on its route; And oftentimes you will him meet, Frcha friend to friend he goes about. All those who would the answer find lust now use this, I'm really sure- The noblest impulse of the mind, And shared alike by rich and poor. Foundation Words. My primals is a pleasure Which my centres will infuse Unto my finals, without measure, As the Budget they peruse P. CREcAN, Trim. CURTAILMENT. No. 21. You'll find my whole, dear riddling bards, T be a well-known game at cards; Cut off my tail, and you will see A ittle book 'tis sure to be; Again curtail, and then, I trow, The spring of life I'm sure 'twill show; Once more curtail, and then, I ween, Formal and precise it will mean. J. RICARDSON, Liverpool. VERBAL CHARADES. No. 22. My first is in lamp; but not in gas; My second's in girl, but not in lass; My third is in'nice, but not in bad ; IMy fourth is in mind, but not in mad; My fifth is in green, but not in pink; My sixth is in skating, but not m rink. If you these letters place aright, A well-known bird will come to sight. W. W. R'rcahIB, Glasgow. No. 23. One-fifth of grown, One-fourth of lone, One-fifth of brick, One-fourth of tick, One-fifth of grand. One-tourth of hand, One-third of two, One-fourth of shoe, For last, one-fourth Of good will do The answer, when 'tis brought to light, A well-known archer brings to sight. G. GRANT. BURIED FRUITS. No. 24.-1. If I go out to-day, I shall probably meet your cousin Mary. 2. Edward ate six apples this morning ; are you not afraid he will be ill ?-IRIs, Newcastle-on-Tyne. NUMERICAL. CHARADE. No. 25.-I consist of thirteen letters. My 1, 2, 3 signifies sound; my 1, 6, 5 is a domestic animal: my 5, 6,10, 7 is what my brother is: my 10,11, 12 is a kind of gum; my 6, 3, 2, is a town in Scotland; my 4, 5, 6, 7,13 was what.the bread'was on Wednesday; my 1, 2, 3,4, 5,6, 7 is a transparent substance ; emy 10, 11, 12, 13 is a fine fabric often to be seen on ladies' dresses; my 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 signifies a grand house; my 8, 9, 10, 5, 2, 3 means mean and\no importance; my whole is a pauce where we Young Folks like so go to and enjoy our- s3,Ves.-ANNIE STANTON. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Pat-ten. 12.-Seine. Ouse, Nen, Wit- 2.-Bristol. Thus . BanBury, ham, Eden. PonRith, Halifax. CaiStor, 13.-Oyster, Troyes. SalTash, ExmOuth, Mat- 14.--Army, Mary. Lock. 15.-William, Charles, Henry, 3.--Manchester. Thus: Arthur, James, Frederick, M aidstone, Altrincham, Jonathan, Peter, Herbert, Ne w c a s t loe, Cambridge, Robert. Hulme, Enfield, Staley- 16.-Leeds. bridge, Todmorden, Ex- 17.-Cork. mouth, Richmond. 18.-Crupper, upper, pure. 4.-Dover, dove. 19.-Shrewsbury. 5.-Hosea, hose. 20.-New-found-land. 6.-Paste, past, pas, pa. 21.--One fool makes many. 7.-Creation. 22.-Tennyson. 8.--iland, land, and, 23.-Neat, meat, eat. 9.--Crafl, raft. 24.-Wet, net, jet. 10.-Divan, Ivan. 25.-A tobacco pipe. 11.-Scrape, crape. 26.-Violetta Valery. 27.- 0 28.- E ERE ONE WALES SAGES ORLANDO ENGLAND ANNIE BLACK ODD UNA O. D :9.- S END 30.- S HAM 31.- GATE ERIE HONE AKIN NINE ANNA TIED DEER MEAT END S 33.- There was an old gent of Bangor, Whose face was distorted with anger; He pulled off his boots, and subsisted on roots, That irascible old gent of Bangor.