OUR PUZZLES. For School-Boys and Schools Girls, WE INVITE ORIGINAL CONTRIBUTIONS FROM OUR READERS TO THIS COLUMN. RIDDLE-ME-REE.
My first is in ham, but not in pork; My second is in owl, but not in hawk ; My third is in Esther, but.not in Ruth My fourth is in dentist, but not in tooth ; My fifth is in steamer, but not in crew My whole is the name of a famous Jew. B. E. (aged 11). BURIED VERSE OF A HYMN. Each passage of Scripture given below contains one word of a verse of a well-known common metre :hildren's hymn-twenty-six words caltogether : four 2f them are printed in italics. He is our peace. Jesus died and rose again. Art thou He that should come? We have an Advocate. Ye will not come to Me, that ye might have life. I will be a Father to you. Forgive, and ye shall be forgiven. He is the propitiation for our sins. If one (lied for all, then were all dead. I go to prepare a place for you. The truth shall make you free. God is a refuge for us. Mary hath chosen that good part. Whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. We are his witnesses. Not by might, nor by power. I go unto My Father. Enter in at the strait gate. I am . . . the first and the last. Be gentle to all men. Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven. Thy faith hath saved thee. Not by works. My beloved is mine, and I am his. Wisdom is more precious than rubies. We have redemption through His blood.-J. C. RIDDLE-ME-REE. My first is in reap, but not in sow ; My second in rear, but not in grow My third is in sun, but not in shade ; My fourth is in tare, but not in blade; My fifth is in meal, but not in flour; My sixth is in shock, but not in shower; My seventh is in morn, but not in night; My eighth is in frost, but not in blight ; My ninth is in straw, but not in ear; My whole a time of thanks and good cheer. The season of Harvest-thanksgiving is described in the Old Testament. In the New Testament it is three times mentioned by the name which forms the answer to this Riddle-me-ree.-J. C.
Picture Puzzle, Tihjs is from a book in the Society's Library. The little volume from which it is reproduced contains a curious old-fashioned picture on every page. They are all meant to illustrate some incident in the Scriptures. Can you send the Editor a post-card with the chapter and verse describing the event which the artist has tried to depict -not too faithfully, it may be-in our picture above ? Solutions of Septem2ber Puzzles, N.B.--No prize can be awarded for the solution-of any puzzle WHICH IS NOT DISTINCTLY STATED TO BE A PRIZE COMPETITION. WYeprirnt each month a certain number of Puzzles without prizes, to sharpen your wits, and we give the nam'es of those who send in correct solutions. DIAMOND PUZZLE. M S GAD RIDDLE-ME-REE. P E T E R Ephesians. ESH TAOL RAHAB JEW W Correct answers to one or more Puzzles have been received from E. F. F. B., Torquay; V. M. C., Henley-on-Thames; E. N. M., Crouch End; M. M. B., Wymeswold; P. McM., Walton. Also M. I. G., C. M. M., and F.. A. H., whom the Editor thanks for contributions to the Puzzle page. Replies from C. N. M., C. M. M., F. J. P., and M. I. G. are neatly written.