-.Our,7friend.tI. V. &BWELL} to.daytakesethe leadain'the" - - ; ' RIDDLE .',O R NA MEN T. ". P , 4 R4ii,.. . It is not nice to have a troubled dream, 'Tis sad to fall a victim to the nightmare; p. ear and head ache, strange as it may seem, . eaihnentswvhieh anybody might bear. GojVbod. for-when it comes 'twill not awaey go, A" l " ILh j}_eve rheumatics.is the wors; 'Tis el..e,peated witb umbu go-, And-toothacheds inud; e&aieadfal first. For choppig wood, and tyinginu pundles, For cutting steaks, sind:trimminn mutton chops, For making laddefsf, ruxi.']ie rundles, *For serving in osu ,,W) m t sshops, F.aorpaiuting, and for giving our t eation, For sticking bills on walls without pretext- In short, Young Folks, I think it right to mention For work we all expect to be my next. Now, 0 N E spells one, and I've a notion T W O is double that amount (Maybe for.that wise speeclhl'll gain promotion, S-' And-'up'Faie's ladder gradually mount)-. That third means two I've not the slightest doubt, sirs, - ,. Though one and one's a third, I'm pretty sure; You'll find it'if you mind what you're about, sirs, Ere I have time to bid you as repoir. ` , ..:. .-V. I3AweLL.. CHARADE. What a jolly time it is when the pantomime we see- The pantomime that cannot fail to put us all in glee! Th, pretty transformation scene delights our gazing eyes ; - - . .. + .. ,,, We love 'the- youthful :ero through whose-pluck the giant dies.- , - . Wit- grace be handsome dancere rip loinut in happyi , b l i s s ,- . . . .. . .a - ,r- - - - - * .. , And then we say unto ourselves, " A splendid scene is this!" ' .. ,, . We laugh and roar at all the puns we fud within the .rhyme, . - - -: , l-r . *- WYhih helps to const~n.ýfte good .agd proper panto. - mime. - - A , , " i d- r I - With 4 ' w~g'al are ilng. w lthe very h "moos Apparently enragedof ild; khrocks ev'rybody down; And then rush in myp-Artin wrath, and seek to' clutch our friend, W\ho does the would-be herees soon unto the ha-rd cround scud. "A funny lSst he is," you say, and I'll admit you're right. lie's so extremely witty, and his fun is sharp and tri-ht ; \Vit h pleasant greetings, he comes forth in time of snow and rime-- The mirthful clown the comic clown of dear old panto- miime. .. , My whole is often tbtrashed by him, who hits him "on the sly,'" . ' I-" And frequelltly prevents him from obtaining i mutton pie." -. - uint there ! I must be going-I'm infringith'ou your tiue. I'll end this con. with hopes that all will see a panto. minuni. W- ..D ox. W,- Drcxsoss. SACROSTIC. ouindastioen:-Jords. . My primblsaead, and-in.the same You'll ifee a famous riddler's name. 'Oross Words. If mynfirst you wish to guess, Think of what none should possess. Mily next a plant to ypo l1l show, Its fruit is luscious, asiyou know. A bji's name you will sue in third, Ojit you've very often hoard. You'll see in fourth a rosy fruit, Which will, I- know, your palate suit. For fifth a colour bring to sight, Which you've oft seen- 'tis very bright; In sixty a word is plainly seen Whose meaning is the same as ween. For next, dear friends, please bring to view What you and I and all must do. M3'y eiglih't6o you will quickly name A portion of thahuman frime. . , For list a wild beast bring.toriew.- Now, friends, I bid ybutokll bdieu. F. T. RIDLEY, Newcastle. DIAMOND PUZZLE. - . No. 4. Myfirst's a letter found in ewe; My next, dear friends, we all must do; My,third's a female's name, I ween , My.n'6xis a name in history seen;, My flftIi's-part-of the human frame; My .tlan animalwill name; My;xelstt' a leolit found in time, And, as'a cliue; also in clime. Ifyoumy:centrals read aright, , ,:AnlEnglislf king will comd 'to sight.- C. W". A. Lowrui:a, Strahane. METAGRAM. " . o.5. . In ancient times, when knights fell out, Theby had to flrst. without-a do6bt; -,And often segond, ; Whiehwas reckoned Best, provailod 'gafnst third and won. Now will you guess,just forlthe.fun ? ., DEMOSTHEsNES. - DECAP-ITATION. No. . . , , A drinkg, vBsdl pleaso behead,' Aubd yob N d'a girl iosy~ad. I- · Oncomoredibathou comes '*L. A beast that kieks withlll hisd l. ~. - . . P: N; GAQ'SrE;Dublin.
o ldiero th come, Seare hly pale, - 5HiMtde.strai hbi fornudotl'bow; tBut4othing ,oan his spirit next; S' Tie proud as when of yore He wandered 'iounghis youthful thirds .A4ong the rocky shore.,. H does not fourth, although he wears S - ledal nolibly won Wble- ghinngout in foreign lands, BeneatIa 'burning sun. When health permits, he takes a next To see his boyhood's home: Among .t se sweet and peaceful scenes He de'arl loves to roam. W. SAUNDERs, Powmill. EtOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. ." . - . CILHARADE. No: 9. My first is prized in every land, And wished for every hour, And its possession gives command, Magnificence, and power. My second in the fiery glow Can form the iron bar, And shape with many a swinging blow The instruments of war. My first and last together joincd, When you have found the same, Will very plainly call to mind An English poet's name .... >. ý, ' S "*tiidmocr, 'Arfhaah. CENTRAL I Tc3 The am oqfa.clas oýjat pr e1rae small, x . They des eve.ourittelion,:'m sure,.one and all;.., To secondatheir habits will always give pleasure. So now find the answer, dear friends, at your lcisure. W. H. BmR, Holloway.
REBTJS. No. 11. T. GILMoar, Belfast. ANAGRAMSODN WELSH COUNITIES. No. 12. 1. T'om Hogen is merry-wellt,lt him be gay, We like to see jollity holding the sway. 2. He roseidi the 'nif(6)`,h 'co'3 died wivth dirt; We anxiously aiked if i:s poor nose was hurt. 3.'" Chain is raire, thoiu,'f quotlitle Jew with a sneer. " 'I'm sure that I think twenty pouuds is quite dear." '4; " Liars I,; Iang Morge ! He shal'die, I oominand I SBring.forthhe rope-here's an 'da~ tree at hand I '5. " Can hfirean, sorr P" Pat bqldl inquired. The money was paid, and thevwiaitwias hired. 6. " I'd haih sit';" sa a friend;-with a laugh. Said w, ' Hang, ygursolf-'ti.j1be.bpjter by half I" ' , . _ . , Pisc. AND PIC,.. uNis. Two sisters there are( ounoue day born, RQyif d dlwy a tb o , , YeotdvoiTbetween them -oten pass. They at mon butthei t41ight Thoy " gaip " "' lt They are aoiitentIedwitbh'ie lover. W-L5rmIhAN, Maohyidllth.
-ý CHARADE, ' "4 No. 14. Two brothers eWe, Young Folks, but understand We're deadly foes, for both of us ale btrisin Of sweet Matilda Maud to gain the handr Each other of the same to be depriving. 'Tis but-let's see--a few short weeks ago Sinoe we three wandered up the hill conersing 'Twas night, but we weren't frightened--h dear' Each vowed all thoughts of fear to be dis Said lovely Maud, "The first is clear to-night And see how it is shining on the water ," Said we, "Its second certainly is bright, But not so bright as your papa's sweet daughter. " I thank you for the compliment," she sai ; "And p'r'aps you will allow me to remtnk, sirs That if from primal second we ne'er had, You'd find that you'd be often in thc' darklirs, "And if the first gives second, as yon kno, Then total gives the same, I wish to state, sirs, Good.bye, dear Brothers Gruff; I now last go, For we at last have reached the cottage gate, sir THE iiUTaLroe Gitry DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 15. Foundation Wlords. A warrior must needs he Of primals possessed, If he'd in his deeds he By victory blest; But finals should never His brave heart be ne or, To blight his endeavour, - "" And fill him with fear. Though primale e'er series hlan, - And aids his strong arm, My finals unncr"es hint With sickly alarm. tCross Word,. .Oh, be my first ever, In age and in youth, For then you will unev-r Give way to untruth. - I've eaten my second Full many a time; A nice fruit'tis reckho'l (Excuse the old rhyu,.). Some state their counvt i'n, in manner quite Tir- ,, That third's an atflict nlo Of all much the worst ; But though they prize lei y, I think that by fta Love, honour, and duty More precious gilt, are. Repel anger's blindness, For be well assured1 That he who sows b;hdness:- s- Shall fourth sweet reward. A continent distant S My fifth is, you'll intl, And thinking persistent _ , Will bring it to mind. A desert will next be, Of mighty extent; My spir:t would vexed be, If there I was sent. To find number seven, Just get out your malps, And, glancing o'er l)evou, You'll see it, perhalps. Of my little rhyme 1 Have come to the oenl; So, till tnhe next ti:e, 1 Remain your olol fiend, SQUARE WOI'DS. No. 16. A river; then a long-necked lored- You'll find it's not the g:unt ; For third perhaps you'll pl'n.se to .' e The pathway of a planet. I My next is-well, what shall I say ? Let's see-a row, or din; My fifth is-what an easy word I We'll say 'tis to go in. This very,very easy snuare Is:foImed of letters tire; To jjzzle'all you well.known wits Thoesquare I did contrive. W. D. Iocsirn DECAPITATION. No. 17. Now, this on houses you have seen; t And next you never ought to be; And'then my next what's eaten is. The answer you can't fail to see. PLE CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. - An ofilcer known in every town . In first very plainly to yon will be shown; ' A point in the street where two lines do mele i' ` I secood is seein and this conp's nosw yomple. r Di. F -o;. B ol ' ,