Our friend Wa'z KIMPrTO to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 1.
In the country, my holidays spending Close by a first, clear and bright, I had for some time been intending That this first should afford me delight I So taking the tackle for fishing, On the journey I'm making great speed, Hoping sincerely and wishing That success will attend me indeed. By the side of the water arriving, I watch some fine second below. And feel that, by earnestly striving, With a number I homeward shall go. Down on the bank quickly sinking (There's nobody me to annoy; Such fish, too-for me, I am thin king), I almost could third in my joy. Eoon the hook I am busily baiting, And seeking a frequented spot. I find one, set line, and am waiting. Will fortune attend me or not? There's a bite, and a fish I am landing. Struggling with pain and with wrath ; My.surprise is so great that I'm standing Really as one in a fourth. Good Fortune's been with me this morning, For here, after two hours' stay, All these fish my bag are adorning, Which my labour will amply repay. The bag o'er my shoulder now swinging, With my tackle, I'm off with a trot; And cannot resist gaily singing, Till hereoat the door of my cot. I enter, sit down to the table, A fifth of note paper lies near, And I, quite as well as I'm able, Write some lines to "Our Editor dear;" And in the same packet enclosing This rhyming presented to you: 'Twill be secret, however, supposing Its defects keep it out from your view. Five words you above must discover, The first I will leave you to guess: Thrice change its bead, and then, surely, The next, third, and fourth you possess. And lastly, the fourth word up taking, Behead it just once, and you'll see That the fifth disguised word now remaining Is as vivid to you as to me. WAL KIMPTO:r. ACROSTIC. 'No. 2. Foundation Word. If you'll read my primals down, You will surely find an Irish town. Cross Words. My first a Christian name will show; And next a kind of bird, I trow; The third a quadruped will name; And fourth part of the human frame; t or filth a water bird is seen; And last a dwelling place, I ween. PoTx Hoo. CHARADES. No. 8. When strolling in the country once The birds were sweetly singing: So sweet they sang, that all next day They in my ears were ringing. I saw a farmer drive his first. He had with him his seconi" It was a whole, and by its ways A good one 'twas, 1 reckoned. One of the first did run away ; But second soon did follow, And gently brought it back quite safe, The farmer said, " Good fellow." SILVERSTAR. No.4. Bright Phoebus may often produce the effect Which my first designates in a delicate frame; 'Twill aid you still further, I rather expect, That I hold to a tree, whereabouts must not name. My second, colloquially used, is but part Of a term to distinguish the best of mankind, Though often, by subtlety, pride and foul art, Usurped by the vilest their victims to blind. For my whole take a circle; now science call in, Then straight as a dart you'll find I coma out; But if 'tie no puzzle 'tis not worth a pin, And this you'll concede as the truth without doubt. OERA L., Lambeth. OIMEGRAIL No. 5. Part cf a house that's near the fire When of the tail bereft, To wedge in then, or to con'ine, There surely will be left; Now kindly change the tail, 'twill show A bird of plumage gay : The change repeat, and if aright, A notch it will display: The change if you once more repeat, 'Twill show part of your head; Then change again, a shaking or A vessel view instead. J. MnYRS, Dalton-in-Furness DOUBLE VERBIL OHARADE. No. 6. My firsts are in hanger, but not in sword ; My seconds are in Eleanor, but not in Maud ; My thirds are in lax, but not in hard; My fourths are in desman, also in pard; My fifths are in necktie. but not in bow; My sixths are in hand, but not in toe: My sevenths are in water, but not in fire; My eighths are in mistress, also in sire My ninths are in mine, but not in yours: My tenths are in fingers, but not in paws: My elevenths are in shirt, but not in gown. The initials give a hero of great renown; And, also, his opponent, who is known to you, And now, dear riddlers, I'll say adieu SIR LAUNCELOT.
CURTAILMENT. No. 7. What we sometimes do if you curtail, A kind of plant you'll have without fail; Same again, and then, I ween, An interjection will be seen. J. A. LAwauxos, Kennington. REVERSION 8. No. 8. Reverse a fish, and you will find An Irish river is brought to mind. POT HooL No. 9. A kind of dance in this you'll see; Reversed, an ugly look 'twill be. LoTTr W., Brighton. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. F. W. PETOHaLL,
TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 11. A girl's Christian name if you transpose, A kind of wood it will then disclose. J. PARISH. No. 13. A shoemaker's tool if you transpose, A decree or statute it will disolose. J. 3. TARBAT. ENIGMA. No. 13. On your arms I am found, hcither tender or sound; And astonished your likely to be When I tell you I'm sold' By dredgers so bold When they drag me from out of the sea. J. LUMSDEN. GEOGRAPHIGAL REBUS. No. 14. J. WALxER, London.
OENTRAL DIELETIONS. No. 16. A portion of our food, The centre take away, A kind of nail you'll have Instead, So now, kind friends, good day. AUGUSTUS C.SAR. .No. 16. To lift or raise I am whbn whole; But take my t eart away, A mighty host I surely then Will unto you display. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furnessa DEOAPITATIONS. No. 17. An instrument of correction if you will behead, Part of your body will be in its stead. Bow-wow, Essex. No. 18. A luscious fruit if you behead, A kind of bird's seed you'll have instead; Behead once more, and you will find An animal of the monkey kind. / HAL PALMER. No. 19. A varnish if you'll please behead, A precious stone you'll have instead. SIR HA RRY C.
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 20. A word meaning healthy if you behead A muob-liked drink you'll have instead; This drink if you will then transpose, A kind of meadow it will disclose. No. 21. Duo Pug What means a look If you behead, A weapon of war You'll have instead. Behead again, And then transpose, What schoolmasters use It will disclose. Tate off the tail, And you will see A useful article I will be. H. H. ADAs. CROSS PUZZLE. No. 22. My first is an animal daily seen; And second a name for man, I ween; For third you'll see an insect small; And next is loved by ladies all; My fifth an English city will be; And sixth a city in Scotland we see; Next is a planet which shines bright and clear. And eighth we all do when we persever; ' My last is part of the human frame. The centrals an English dily name. POT 1loo., ENIGMA No. 23. I am afraid you will doubt, But it's truewhat I'velsaid, Thou'gh you set me on foot, I shall be on my head. DonoTSY WYI:; . SQUARE WORDS. No. 24. My friend and I thought we would try To do a little fishing, The.cook agreed that with good speed She'd manage all the dishing; So out we Went, our footsteps bent To where the stream was pouring, High rose the sun,chile number one Above our heads was soaring. We fixed our bait and long did walt, Till second, with discretion, Came to our mind, and that to bind Us further in progression; For turning round, we quickly found A basket in our third; We thouglit it fine, so rod and line Were quietly deferred. - We.tied a string, and then did fling The basket in the eddy; But when the last was coming fast, We pulled our tackle steady, And found we'd caught less than we'd thought, Ambition got the upper; For cook. so kind, would only find A single fish for supper. J Lnaisui. No. 25. My first an English title Is, 'Tis higher than a lord; My next you'll find, if you look well, A plant that grows abroad; My third an ancient city is, That's known to you full well : My fourth's a plant, emblem of Wales- .Now, friends, the answer tell. W. A. WILLIA.M, Neath. No. 26.-A jump; to grudge; to declare positively; a funeral pile.-S. PARKER. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WESIK. 1.-A bottle. 18.-Coral, coal 2.-Sat-is-fact-i-on. 14.-Hope, hop. 3.-Bud-get. 15.-Planet, plane. 4.-Hat-red. 16.-Richmond. 5.-Parliament. 17.-Budget. . 6.-Acrostic. Thus : Asia, 18.-Berwick. Lerwick. China, Russia; Oceania; 19.-Dace, mace, face, lace. Scotland, Turkey, India, 20.- G Canada. . 7.-Kate, tea. E R A 8.-Andes, Sedan, dean. N E A T H 9.-Crow, row. 10.--Strap, trap, rap. H A N C L 1l.-Beffast. 12.-Mentz, Metz. S T RAT F D 21,- PASS 22.- PEAR 23.- I NK AREA ERNE IRON SEAL ANNE NOS E SALT RE-EL KNEE 24.- ME 25.- , 8 CAT WE T AL I 0E ITA!PER READ ING WEATHER MAIDSTONE S EPTEiMBER MASTERS GRUMBLE ELOPE HABIT ONE BEE E R