Our friend LOTTIE W. to-day takes the l~ed in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 1. My first is in the pudding that you ate on Christmas Day, And alsoin mince-pies-you'll find I'm right in whatI say; Then, though it's queer, and such a thing you never may have reckoned, Yet on examination first is found within my second. The shops just now are full of New Year's presents, grand and bright, And many thirds are looking in the windows with delight; I think it's much more pleasant in this freezing winter. time To sit beside the fire with a book of fifth or rhyme. Another nice amusement, and a favourite with me, Is writing fourth, and that requires a sixth-now, do you see ? And ink as well is needful, 0 my clever riddling friends. My last I've written several times, and so this puzzle ends. There are plenty of these in Young Folks to-day; Now, come, tell me what are they, good friends, I pray. Sometimes amusing and puzzling, too; Sometimes so stupid one can't read them through. LOTTIE W., Brighton. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. In primals, and in finals, too, A famous riddler you will view, Cross Words. A kind of fish this will imply; That it is nice none will deny. No matter in what season seen, This tree retains its colour-green. This is a plant which will be found On mountains or on boggy ground. A bird of prey in this you'll see, That it is fierce you will agree. A note in music this will name, Now please to try and find the same. Without the aid of this, you know The train, dear riddlers, could not go. Out in the darksome night and cold, This lawless person seeks for gold. This is just fled-the day last past- Ah, life, dear friends, is ebbing fast. T. O'CONNOR, Kinsale. METAGRAM. No. 3. Don't think me egotistical In making these remarks, I pray; Admit there's something mystical About my air and lordly way. In me there's great ability, And though so high in life, I deem It best to use civility, And first some person's just esteem. 'Tis rumoured that it's egotism Which causes me to say these words; That, of course, is rumour-tism, Bringing me some nasty thirds. Alas, for fourth humanity I I smile at people such as these, Who say that it's my vanity Because I always try to please. They say my hat's capacity Is quite a marvel, in extreme; I know it holds sagacity, And that, I'm sure, they never dream. My cloak is an atrocity In size, they say-in colour, too; But then there's ponderosity Beneath it, I would tell to you. I'm shocked at their audacity In saying such a thing of me; My cloak's immense capacity Protects me from the fifth, you see. As attention I solicited, I'd second tell you, reader dear, That I am often visited By such remarks as these you hear. I ask them with civility To cast such stupid thoughts away, And thus respect, ability, Would in our village hold the sway. Although it seems a mystery, I'm yet as sharp as any heedles, And, ending this short history, I am the best of parish beadles I H. C. Paxcz. CHARADE. No. 4. My first you all have got-'tis placed Above the knee, below the waist; My next's a stream all tourists know, Through Turin city it does flow; And if my third she could not see, The cook in a sad plight would be; For next one hint must be enough- I fourth the writer of this stuff; My fifth (alas I forbidden joys) Embraces all, both girls and boys, Who, ravished, read this many times, Or, sneering, skip my empty rhymes. My whole in foreign lands i've seen Lie weltering 'mid the rushes green. And as the monster ope'd his eyes, Ere the sharp, shining tusks could rise, My bursting ball his strong heart tore, And he lay gasping in his gore. WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE. DECAPITATION. No. 5. My first is what all drunkards do But please take off my head, And where you skate in summer-time Will then appear instead; Behead again, and then, I ween, What's used to write with will be seen. J. GARDNER, Newcastle-on-Tyne.
MZETAGRAM. No. 6. Of me the rich are all possessed, 'Tis what most people covet ; 'Twill get them almost anything, And that is why they love it. The head of first, if you will change- To get it right be sure- You'll see what even such a thing As first cannot procure. J. TaowsDALE. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. My first, a word denoting old, If you behead, is often told; Behead once more, you'll have instead A liquor that affects the head; Transpose this liquor, then you'll see A river that is called the . . . P. L. C. AND J. W. R. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. J. C. StoKoE.
OMEGRAIM. No. 9. You will not have to study first The mystery of this non. to burst. In parks this quadruped we see, Bounding with step both light and free; Dear riddlers, that you never cope And this each other 's what I hope; I love to hear its strains of joy, They will the sternest heart decoy; In pastures green, with timid mien, This quadruped is often seen. J. G. LAMBERT. PALINDROME. No. 10. Relating to citizens, or to a city, My meaning is, you'll see ; Now turn me round, and 'twill be found You've made no change in me. C. FRASER. REBUS. No. 11, J. CHARLES, Belfast. CHARADE. No. 12. First shines in the sky, so bright, Up above our heads at night; My second, now, a fish will be, Well known, I ween, to you and me. My whole will show a little bird- Its song, no doubt, you've often heard. F. R. CovLson. DECAPITATION. No. 13. Whole, all men wish to have me; But if you please behead, What ladies never wish to be, I then shall be instead. D. CAMERON. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 14. A sweet bluebell From a fairy dell, All wet with crystal dew, Each petal doth hold Gifts better than gold From ev'ry elfin to you. LucY MULLEN.
METAGRAM, No. 15. 'Twas in a pleasant librar The day was first and 'A little maiden fell aslee The sunbeams on her hair Her rounded arms above her head, Her pretty blue eyes closed; It was a second sweet to see How calmly she reposed., Her golden locks so carelessly Had loosed their ribbon band, While daisies pure, plucked from the field Clutched third within her hand. d Beside her lay a birthday gift A book of fairy lays. But sweeter far this maiden looked Than any qceen of says. Then o'er her face there beamed a smile, So heavenly, full of joys She woke and laughed-a merry laugh, Refreshing, sweet, and coy. "I thought 'twas fourth, mamma," she said (Her voice was soft and rare); Then to her mother's arms she a;n, And fondly nestled there. A-Nce G. HoraIs, Highbry,- CHARADE. No. 16. 'Twas on a balmy summer's eve- The sun had sought its rest, The sky was clear, just tinged with gold All nature looked its best- I chanced to stroll towards the stream That turned our village mill, Whilst on the bank a cry for first I heard most loud and shrill. With speed I hastened to the spot From whence I thought it came, And there upon the bank I saw An almost frantic dame. She rushed to me with tearful eyes, And clasped me like one wild. "Oh, sir," she cried, " my boy is lost! My boy! my only child!" With haste I plunged into the stream, Though whole appeared the case, For now the gloom was gath'ring fast; But soon an upturned face Arose above the water smooth. I strove with might and main To reach the child, and with success, I bore him back again. The thankful mother on her knees Then breathed a prayer of joy To Him who in her need had saved Her darling, only boy. "I cannot thank Him second, sir, BecauSe 'twas He above Who gave you strength my boy to save; But take a mother's love." W. H. BIRD, Ho0llswy. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 17. In the porch of yon second, with ivy o'ergrown, Sits Nell, with a book on her knee; On this fine summer's eve her thoughts wander away To Will, her dear brother, at sea. As she looks down the garden, where sweet fleow'rets grow, And watches the been gath'ring third, As she sees the rose.petals fourths blow to her feet, And lists to the song of the bird, As she listlessly toys with the fifths of her book, A sixth laugh escapes from her lips, And out of the garden and into the lane, So quickly andlightly, she skips. Ere a minute has passed, she once more returns, And with her a tall sailor boy. Then her father and mother come out of the house, And welcome their son back with joy. My centrals, when they're read aright, An Irish county bring to sight; For first and last search in delay. Adieu; I'll come another day. Coscooas SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. For first is seen an insect small, No doubt it's well known to you all; A river large for next you'll see, On Ireland's map 'twill surely be; An open space third will proclaim, Now, riddler, try to tell its name; My last a tree will bring to view. I'll say no more, so now adieu. W. G. FINLAY, Kinsle, No. 19. Now, often we first for whatever would brighten Our daily existence in sorrow and pain; For money that's next, all our troubles to lighten, And travel afresh through life's journey again: Doth e'er a fair third come our bright orb to visit, About whom the poets in sweet song oft tell? If this puzzle to waste-basket go, I'll not miss it When Ed. comes to next it, and sounds its death.knl. P. M'CALL, Dublia, CENTRAL DELET0ON. No. 20. " Oh, last with me, dear Frankl" she cried, " Oh, do not first from me, For, if you do, we shall get lost; The path I cannot seeM. AKE W. H. AzEnars, Ierelord.