O0 friend LOTTIE W. to.day takes the lead in the RIPPLE TOURNAMENT. , CHARADE. No. 1. Oh, Minnie, you're a madcap girll As first as any boy. When will you learn to make less noise, Less sadly to annoy P you slam the door, you shout so loud, Poor grandmamma declares To ever make you lady-like She very much despairs. Your cousin Jane is sweet as next, As useful as the bees; So take a pattern by her, dear, And you will sure to please. LorrrI; W., Brighaiton. ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 2. task undertaken, if I'm not mistaken, B' earnest young people who really aspire To gain better knowledge at school or at college, To fi' the said task is their greatest desire. really deride all who worship an idol, 'Tis foolish and sinful with me you'll agree; Bt, truly, my second has always been reckoned An idol-adorer of th' highest degree. Third is a small wood one, and doubtless a good one; The carpenter knows its utility well. Thenfourth'sjust a letter, but p'r'aps I had better Informyou his always confined in a cell. ly next is a liquor which causes much quicker The warm blood to course through the veins of the man Who wantonly drinks it; though little he thinks it, He's nursing a viper, a troublesome ban. A person of splendour is next, of male gender- In fact, he's a prince of a far away land ; These lines to diminish, I'll come to a finish By placing my fate as the last in your hand. This X now possessing, I'd have you be guessing What's found in the angles from summit to base; Perhaps't may perplex you, so, rather than-vex you, A town, and the country it's in, you may trace. J. MYERS, Dalton.in.Furness. SQUARE WORDS. No. 3. Sing the praises of a hero, Sing the hero of a day, A wondrous first he has performed, And a clever thing, they say. Watched the scene is by his rival, Who sees more than he reckoned, And though his face shows but contempt, His heart is full of second. The greatest bards have sung thy fame, Thy waters proud shall know it; For many, when they hear of third, Think of the marvellous poet. Up in the north, the tons of coal That on thy breast have rested I To carry such a weight, my fourth Should be, indeed, broad chested. F. T. M aRRIOTT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. For first one letter take from plea; My second will a vessel be; A fruit my third, exported o'er By merchants from a foreign shore. My fifth is furious, wild, and strong, And doth the prairie scour along; My sixth will be a female's name; My next, and last, one-fifth of flame. Centres, if read aright by you, A well.known country bring to view. J. CHARLES, Belfast. DECAPITATION. No. 5. Beauty and sunshine, Blossoming bow'rs, Lit by the gleaming Of numberless flow'rs; Many birds flitting Through the sweet air Ne'er feel sin's shadow O'er places so fair. Darkness and mis'ry, No ray of light Peeps with its brightness Through its black night; Hateful toads creep there, With slimy tread; All that is loathsome O'er this place is spread. BROWNsEYuS. DOUBLE ACROSTIC, No. 6. Focundation Words. The clouds are gathering quickly, The captain heaves a sigh, This bird, with lightning swiftness, From wave to wave doth fly. Cross Words. For kst put down what means to peel; y second signifies to deal; y third denotes an edge or border; Iy fourthe methodic or in order; For fifth an instrument espy; MIy last you'll say's a sharp outcry. C. R. Gonanas. ENIGMA. E Uom myself, I think no one will doubt, Sope You'll ageoe, when you've riddled me out; I-n i.t each mariket first office Ihold; I'e es among the fanrm.stock bought and sold. e m5~, I'm seen in this page, if you choose 7 your spare time and the Budgol peruse. II. MOLn, Tarset.
LOGOGRIPH. No. 8. In India's jungles dark and drear, Where stoutest hearts are seized with fear, First loved to roam Alone, this tigor.tamer wild, With Seevah and his darling child, Without a home. One letter kindly, please, delete ; Transpose, this name you all should greet With heartfelt joy- Sweet, cherished name of saving saint, That dark corruption could not taint, Nor time destroy. 'Twas second (praise to all her sex 1) Who freed her city from its tax, Unrighteous claim; A little pain, that in the end Won many a staunch and steadfast friend, And earned her fame. J. CHnLnas, Belfast. HISTORICAL REBUS. No. 9. 71N SALLY Mom. ENIGMA. No. 10. I know of an article sombre hued; 'Tis not worn as clothing or used as food; A comforter truly, though not of wool; 'Tis used by the wise as well as the tool. It is black, and it shines; 'tis as old as old, With delicate markings; 'tis warm or cold; It has lived (or died) for thousands of years, And cost many people not a few tears. It is knocked about at ev'ry one's pleasure, And yet 'tis declared a perfect treasure. It is found in the palace, cottage, hall; Its size is huge, bulky, knobby, and small. GRACIE M. N. DECAPITATION. No. 11. My first in furnished rooms is seen; Behead it, and you'll find A covering of the head, I ween, In what is left behind. CorrPI. REBUS. No. 12.
2 J. C. STOKOE. CHARADES. No. 13. Oh, Harry, Harry, have you read The Young Folk's B. to-day ? Let's call mamma, and Rosie too. Do read without delay. The dear old Ed. has seen my first, And thinks it good enough, So now I'llhave my name in print. Hurrah for Thomas Luff I Now, Ruff, run off in second, pray, Of rabbits and wild hares; We'll have some sport in yonder wood, And take them unawares. But, Harry, boy, you must now come And take a quiet stroll. I really think our " Kairon" has Achieved another whole. DorowEs. No. 14. My first's a vegetable small, No doubt 'tis eatenu by you all; My second is a common bird Whose cry at morn is often heard. Pray join these two together right, A prettier bird will come to sight. E. HIALIwELL.
CHARADE. No. 15. Ye rhyming bards of Budget Hall, Come, pay attention, one and all; Come, T. L. HEMERY 80 true, And clover LOTTIE W.; Come, LuMSDEN grave, and MvYEnS witty, And T. S. HOPE, of L'pool city; Come, MEssns. WALKER AND ST., Whose clever cons. I weekly see- But stop I I fear I've said too much, For Budget rules I know are such That if I go beyond my space, This con. will fail to find a place, And so deprive me of the pleasure Of reading it in print at leisure; So now a doleful tale I'll tell Of what some months ago befell Your humble servant on the ice, Because he did not heed advice. We all were nimbly sliding on The old mill.pond, when first friend John Says, "Fred, come off ! See, yonder spot Is cracking fast." Said I, "I'll not." But those rash words I'd scarcely spoken When, with a crash, the ice was broken, And next will I did sore repent As, with a splutter, down I went, And though for aid I long did shout, Not one would come to help me out. Indeed, I'm certain that I might Stop, but for total, there all night, Whose aid alone I may but thank For safely landing on the bank. But, as it was, I got so wet (In fancy, friends, I feel it yet)' That home I had to run to bed, And vowed that, while my name was Fred, I ne'er would go on ice again, My first attempt caused me such pain. F. O'GRADY, Balbriggan, ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 16. For first a boy's name will be seen; Next is a numeral, I ween; For this put down one-third of boy; And fourth is what we all enjoy; My last's a female's Christian name, So do your best and find the same. My centres, if you read down aright, Will bring a clever puzzle to sight. ALBERT E. U. DECAPITATION. No. 17. If you guess aright, I think you will see That this is a seat as plain as can be; Now, if you behead, I think you will say,. "Why, it's used everywhere, and is seen every day I" H. H. DONNER, MDanchester. REVERSION. No. 18. A bar of iron is my first, But read the other way, Then one who oft denies the truth It will to you display. J. O'BRIEN. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 19. Without my eye, 'tis very strange, And more than you'd suppose, For, looking carefully, you'll find You have instead a nose. GEORGE GRANT, PALINDROME. No. 20. A girl's name which is often heard, If you will please turn round, And afterwards read o'er again, To prove the same is found. ALBERT E. U. SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. On fingers my first is often seen; The heathen worship my next, I ween; Part of your face my third will be; A word for mirth in last you'll see. 'RED. WALLIS. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 22. Ot rdienk issek, echwr ringete senmrua nirge, I nutr; dan nefear sapiylsd rhe tgrhib naoimd. Yga, ytgrslhip danl so hrmti nad lisoac seae, Dsleaep hitw feytlsh, mhow lal eth drwol nca ealsep. W. GooDwINs.