Our friend F. W. PETOHELL't0-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Cool winds now roam ; the rose's breath is borne by breezes through the air; Bees sip my first from flowers beneath The summer sky so blue and clear, That now no more looks dark and drear, But sweetly smiles on woods below, Where total twines with flowers fair Around some oak that bendeth low, When sighing breezes all around do blow. About the cottage casement whole Twined with its load of blossoms rare, The bees that sought for first oft stole And from their labours rested there; While in the cottage, free from care, the gentle, loving, mother young Did next her blue-eyed baby fair At her fond breast, the while some song She sang, as happy moments rolled along. F. W. IY'TCHELL. FLORAL ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. Throughout the joyous summer hours I pass my time amid the flowers ; New feelings they to me impart, And raise new hopes within my heart; For they, the noblest gift of heaven, To charm the soul of man were given. Cross Words. It is held in the summer, And there you will see The people as pleasant And gay as can be Though I 'm almost certain I've heard folks assert That a woman, if this, Will be false and a flirt. If a book or umbrella I this, I am sure, I must not expect to see them any more. With all your vagaries, Come here, I entreat you; The king of the fairies, I'm wishing to meet you. It is foolish and vain, I am told there's a gate for it. If you do naught but this You've a long time to wait for it. To cook them, take three minutes, 'tis judicious ; If perftectly done, they're reckoned nutritious. No one can say Dull is our day, While we have this to pass away Our leisure time, With prose and rhymne To study will your mind repay. To the taste it is pleasant, You're aware, I presume ; This one is most costly, You see in my room. G. GRANT, Baysw..tcr. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3. My friends, your best attention g. e, Pray mind what you're about; And if you're what I take you for, You'll quickly find me-out. Of seven letters whole's composed, And often made of lace; My 3, 5, 6, 7 I oft wish Was in some other place. I went into a house one day, And very quickly saw All round about my whole, at play, A pretty 1, 5, 4; A 3, 5, 4 she quickly caught, And to her it was given. Just then I left-I had to catch My 4, 3, 5, 6, 7; I jumped in my 1.5, 3,4 And quickly drove away. A 3.2.4 upset my horse, Which 1, 2,4 away; However, I got safely home, But shan't go driving more; For now, where'er I chance to roam, I'm hurt by 1, 2, 4. And something else I'll let you know, And if you'll come with me, We'll go to the theatre, And my whole we're sure to see. F. W. BINSTEAD. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. No. 4. 2500 and teasir = A Dutch town 1 ,, buna = A country in Africa 1 ,, pearn - An English general 1051 ,, ye - A girl's Christian name The initials and finals will name two English queens SSIR PHILIP bYDNEY. ENIGMA. No. 5. I am found in a cottage, and also a house; The head of an eagle, the tail of a mouse; In every garden I am found, Stil I'm never in the ground; In England, Ireland, and Wales I am seen, Also in the colours'red, blue, and green; I am found in wheat, in tea, and clover, And in the towns of Deal apd Dover; I am once in one and twice in three, So, riddlers, find a name for me, POT Hoo. PUZZLE. No. 6. One-fourth of Kate, One-fourth of gate, And then one-fourth of roan; One-fourth of mate, n( e-fourth of date, W:l name a kind of stone. J. PaIrISI. TRANSPOSED ANIMALS. No. 7.-1. Pipmohaopstl. 2. Coesronlhr. 3. Esoinle. 4. Tnelaoep. 5. ramlsft. 6. Reitg.-W. M. BRowN.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 8. What means to raise the contre delete, And a number then you'll have complete. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neat h. No. 9. I mean merry, jovial, showy, and fine, And three letters I contain; My centre delete. and a town in France Assuredly will remain. Ton. DECAPITATIONS. No.10. If you an English town behead, An Italian city you'll have instead. POT HOOK. No. 11. A kind of pass if you twice behead. The name of a tree you'll have instead. PRINCE ZAMBINIE, Everton. PROVERB REBUS. No. 12.
F. W\. PETCHELL. PALINDROMES. No. 13. A certain animal if you name, Backwards and forwards it read the same. VALIANT CORNISHMAN, Liverpool, No. 14. A vehicle if you turn round, Still the same will be found. POT HOOK. CURTAILMENTS. No. 15. Curtail a country, then, I ween, Part of your body will be seen. SILVERSTAR. No.16. Whole means to stamp; now take the tail away, What means to injure it will then display. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. PROVERB REBUS. No. 17.
ANON. TRANSPOSITION. No. 18. It is dangerous indeed to our sailors at sea; Transposed, it will mean to enjoy liberty. G. GRANT, Bayswater. OGOGRIPHS. No. 19. Dear riddlers, when this is complete It means something designed To show the quality of the whole; This word you'll surely find. But when it is of head bereft, You of a surety descry, A word implying plenteous- To guess it, pray now try. Next curtail, and then quickly transpose, And, lot will come to sight A vessel that, with the aid of wicks and oil, Gives out a moderate light. Transpose once more, and, I assert, You'll see a very tall tree; This also means to impose upon; Part of your hand you also see. Curtail again, and then you'll scan (At this pray don't be sticking) A word for companion. Then reverse, This means to eat or drink by licking. J. MUnntAY, Liverpool. No. 20. Curtail and transpose a colour bright, What means to pinch will come to sight. LOTTY W., Brighton
REVERSION S No. 21. An English river my whole will name Reverse me, and I am still the, same. PRINg ZA5BINiE, Everton No. 22. A kind of vessel reversed by you Will bring a kind of sleep to view. VERBAL CHARADE. SILVERSITA No. 23. My first is in water, but not in air My second's in cheat, but not in fair; My third ls'in April, but not in March; My fourth is in tunnel, but not in arch ; My fifth is in lion, but not in bear; My sixth is in worn but not in wear My seventh's in string, but not in cord ; My eighth is in stream. but not in ford; My ninth Is in sofa, but not in chair: My tenth is in chicken, but not in hare. These letters, placed aright by you Will bring a general to view. J. 8. HICKMAN, Hammersmith, ACROSTICAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 24. F or first find out'one-fourth of clay; J ust add to this an animal; C hoose now, for third, a kind of bay; R eoad centre's tales I know you've all; O 'er Scotland glance, and this you'll see; G et on your skates, and on this go; E ver is this to be found in be ; B ead centrals, and an author you'll know. C H. ARCsER. METAGRAMS, C H. ARER. No. 25. A town in Ireland if you change head, A town in England you'll have instead. No. 26. SAMUEL. A river in Scotland if you change head, A fairy you will have instead; Change head again, and if done right, You'll have the opposite to night; Once more change head, and 1 shall be A kind of bird, as you will see. CHARADES. TELEIACcUc. No. 27. My first, when reversed, is my second, no doubt: My whole is your father, now please find me out. T. W. R., Allcnheads. No.28. My first is a fish; My second's a bird; And so is my whole, I declare on my word. ANNIa E EVESWOOD. No. 29. My first is two-thirds of a huge mass of water, Which can't be discerned at one view; If you are my second, then I am your daughter, An assumption which facts prove untrue. My third we are all, and in most cases rightly, When not so we're bound to submit; The picture thus drawn may look fair or unsightly, Though divided, yet whole every whit. J. L., Lambeth. DIAMOND PUZZLF. No. 30. For first put down one-fifth of bread; And next a word for wrath will be; Softly along the ground to tread; And then a town that ends with G; My pretty, feathered fifth will fly In yonder woods, and gently coo; While children to the sobhool close by Bring slates, their little sixths to do; My seventh to building doth relate; Commandingly my eighth will mean; To form my ninth racks many a pate; In tenth good wishes will be seen; Eleventh, an Iknglish county find, For cider-making much renowned ; My twelfth's a plant of tender kind; My thirteenth vengeful will be found ; My fourteenth letters ought to be; My fifteenth grows besides the stream ; A conjunction for the next you'll see; And lastly take o:ue-fourth of team. Downwards and across the'centrals now road, And then, I am sure, you will see (If to what I have said you have paid any heed) That a part of the BuTdget 'twill be, In which every week we Young Folks try our skill, And hope that thereby we amuse: So, I trust, in that page our dear Editor will Of this diamond kindly make use. LOTTY W., Brighton. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEiEK 1 -Cast-a-net. 13.-Be not idle, and you will 2.-Promise. Thus : Pair keep out of mischef. (pear), Relish, Oliver, Male 14.-Rose, rouse. (male), Idle (idol), Sham, 15.-Lemon, melon. Empty. 16.-Loin, l:on. 3.-C. A. Read. Thus : Cobra, 17.-Caper, cape, cap. A berdeen, Roscommon, 18.-Shields, shield. Edw ard, Afghanistan, 19.-Stop, pots. Dragon. 20.-Raw, war. 4.-Tweed. 21.-Loop, ponl. 5.-Level. 922-Marry, Mary. 6.-Budget. 23.-Maple, male. 7.-Rebus. 24-Stare, start, stars, stark. 8.-Merthyr Tydvil. 25.-Life. 9.-Bread, read. 286.-Plunder, blunder. 10.-Spain, pain. 27.-Whack, smack. 11.-Hearth, earth. 28.-Ewer. ewe. 12.-Glass, lass, ass. 29.-Acre, care, car.