Our friend P. ZITFOE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Cross Words.
My friends, if you'll listen to me, Of my first I will sing unto you. Like the red, red rose is she, And what's more, I can second she's true; And many's the time when alone Have I kissed her and called her my third; And 'twas only but fourth, I declare, I engaged her, and gave her my word My love for her never should fifth As onward we journeyed through life. I asked her the question, and she Consented to be my dear wife. Foundtaon Words. My primals read carefully down, And my finals as careful read back, And a name in this book known to all You'll find, if you're on the right track. And now to you I'll say good-bye, And also to this little rhyme, And should this your kind favour meet, I'll write again some other time, P. ZITroz. CHARADE. No. 2. There came a gay and gallant crew, Rejoicing from the shore, Who drank as tars were wont to do In happy days of yore. My first, containing sparkling ale, Passed freely round that day; And many a joke and merry tale Bespoke them blithe and gay. Then some, to charm the listening fair, Their vocal pow'rs employed, While some assumed a Sultan's air As they my next enjoyed. Besides, their pleasures to enhance, Crowned with a flowing bowl, They witnessed there that merry dance, A tar's delight, my whole. P. N. GASEr, Dublin. ENIGMA. No. 3. I come in the winter, I come in the spring, I come in the day and the night, I visit the peasant, the Czar, and the king, And claim them as mine with delight. To many I come as a heavenly boon; To many my presence brings woe; Whilst to others I pay my dread visit too soon, And am thought a most terrible foe. When soldiers are fighting their country to save I linger about on the field, And when ships toss about on the foam-crested wave With my presence each sailor I shield. I reap a rich harvest when war is about; To my dwelling a great many flock When an outward-bound ship, with a careless look.out, Is dashed on some perilous rock. To the African desert I oft take my way, And find in the hot burning sands A poor wretched man, who in agony lay, And I bear him away in my hands. When the earth's veiled in darkness and weary ones sleep, All wanderings then do I scorn, But through the lone night I a wary watch keep, And call some one mine ere the dawn. H. V. BIaWELL. ARITHMOREM. No. 4. Gaze, ye ardent artists, on the landscape which we see, Where the trees sway in the breezes, and the mill turns merrily, Where the dome above is azure, and the grass is fresh and green, And in the distance giant hills in bluish haze are seen. Behold the rustic cottage there, the flowing stream beside, And how the little sailing.boat is floating with the tide, And say, ye ardent artists, is it not a pretty scene, Where the dome above is azure, and the grass is fresh and green ? 51 and nap Now this is evident, and there Is no mistake about it; 501 ,, tanksn Whatever, ever should I do If I was now without it? 1151 ,, a WVhat I must now put forth indeed For every one's attention; 10 ,, sate You will get "talked to" if you keep Collectors in detention; 104 ,, unli And don't be impolite to them- Be courteous in your manners. 1 ,, grht In this cause men have shaken out Towards the breeze their banners. 160 ,, ee Do this in every simgle thing, And happiness 'tis sure to bring. H. C. PRIc. MIETAGRAM. No. 5. Ye riddling bards, my first to you A summons will unfold; But change the head, and you will then What means to drop behold. Repeat the change, and you will see What means in stature high; Again change head, and to fence in You'll certainly descry. Now, of this word if you once more Would carefully change head, 'Twill bring to view a covering That's placed upon the dead. But of this last if rightly youi Please alteri head again, A children's'plaything yoh will now Assuredly obtain. But now 1 think that I must bring My puzzle to an end, And therefore I resign my place To our next riddling friend. W. Prmrrnn,
DECAPITATIONS. No. 6. Keep to the first, 'tis far the best- I'm sure you'll say the same; A girl's name which is often heard My last will quickly name. C. CozENs. No. 7. In whole you'll descry a part of the eye; Behead it, and you will find What meaneth the whole or everything Will appear unto your mind. W. SAUnDERS, Powmifl. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 8. My first is composed of wood; But if you my centre delete, If you're in a reading mood You have it before you complete. T. S. Saua. REBUS. :No. 9. H. BRowN, London.
ACROSTIC. No. 10. Foundation Word. Among the Young Folks riddlers whom we honour With praises loud and long, One draws the gaze of filial love upon her From all the throng. Her name, dear riddling friends, will be detected In cross words, when they are by you inspected. Cross Words. An Irish town in first you'll see; A famous author next will be; A Young Folks tale for third put down; A kind of tree in next is shown; Now for my fifth a noun please find Which means a sound of any kind; Sixth is part of the human frame; My next a colour will proclaim; In eighth a bird you'll surely view; Last will an island name. Adieu. T. O'Coxxor, Kinsale. REBUS. No. 11. H. FELx, Nottingham. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 12. Hark to the sound of the cannon's roar, That tells of the reign of gloomy war, And soldiers are there with bayonets bright, And. sabre in hand, are eager to fight. They hear the steady tramp of the foe Advancing with measured stops and slow, And each bares his sword, and firmly doth stand, Impatient to hear his captain's command. At length the foemen are beaten back, And death follows closely in their track; And ' Freedom I" is now the soldier's cry As proudly he bears his banner on high. No. 13. J. G. BRzn.ruT. No. 13. Down the green lane the lovers walk, Among the flowers so gay, With naught to mar their loving talk, This glorious summbr's day. Thus arm in arm tgerj oined, They winder on and on, He opens,unto her his mind, And calls her his "dear one.", A ram is coming past that way, He turns it like a man, Then says to her, " A week to-day Here meet me, if you can." i M. FABLArUE, Bradford.
METAGRAD. W lfloat'g i No. 14. While floating in the beauty of the snnyai, 'Mid the water.lilies tall and white and fair, Watching down beneath me shimm'ring waters flo, Seeing gleams of golden first in the depths below And as'ever onward softly I did glide, Came a lovely maiden to the river-side Robed in dainty garments like the lilies white, With a smiling second, and eyes blue and bright. On her silken tresses sunbeams shining down, Made them all the fairer with a golden crown, And the flowers about her seemed to kiss her feet, And to breathe but for her all their fragrance sweet. And I offered to her gently just afew Of those graceful blossoms, forget-me.nets so blue, _ Oh, how happy was I when I saw them rest 'Mid third soft and filmy on her snowy breast! Bsows.Era, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 15. Foundation Words. First please read the primals down, And finals, too, aright, Behold I two poets of renown Will quickly come to sight. Cross Words. My first's what governs this our land, And keeps down crime with heavy hand. A town in Portugal next find; A river this will bring to mind ; A man's name for my next find out; A lady's name is fifth, no doubt; Part of yourself for next you'll scan; A kind of rope, 'tis used by man For trapping beasts; my next, I ween, Will be a king in " Shakespeare" seen; A kind of grain well known to you; For last a town. So, now, adieu. F. R. Coueos. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 16. Good morning, dear riddlers, I hope you're quite well; This riddle's solution I want you to tell. Of noble distinction My whole's the desire, Which we all, more or less, Must confess we admire, 5, 4, 2, united, Produces the name Of a Young Folks hero Right worthy of fame, Whose arm so courageous Struck ever for right, Dispelling the powers Of arts black as night. At the close of the day 3, 1, 5 we see, Flying round some grim tower Of antiquity; For it e'er shuns the day, With its glaring light, Loving better to roam In the silent night. Down in deep, sombre mines, Far under the ground, Where daylight's e'er absent, 5, 6, 8 is found. A word of negation 8, 7 will spell. I've mentioned each letter- Kind riddlers, farewell. J. G. LosEOT. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. A second winter season 'tis, indeed- Piercingly cold I Friends, let us not from those who are in need Our help withhold. My first is bare; wild winds salute my third; O'er everything . The kind New Year doth gently and unheard A mantle fling- A covering strangely pure and dazzling white, White as the swan. In mystic tale of fourth our mind's delight To ponder on. LOTTIr ., Brighton, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 18. SIs my first you want to find, Please a letter take from hind; Part of you my next will be; And in third a month you'll see; Fourth before doth plainly tell; Last a letter take from yell. Centrals, if read down aright, Bring a boy's name to our sight. , Ts,' MONOPHONE. No. 19. First means to colour, I'll be bound; My second all must do. n sond These words are just the same in Dear friends, I say nFTie nrr Newcastle.