Our PuMe DeprtSmen. I. TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED.
1. My first is a bird, my second 5. My first is a colour, my second is a large body of water, and my is a flower, and my whole is in the whole is a town in Wales. neighbourhood of London. 2. My first is an animal, my 6. My first is a colour, my second second is to cleanse, and my whole is a harbour, and my whole is in is in Devonshire. Cumberland. 3. My first is a tree, my second 7. My first is a girl, my second is part of a pig, and my whole is is part of the body, and my whole in Rutland. is a town in Berkshire. 4. My first is a monarch, my 8. My first is a number, my second is a weight, and my whole second is to inter, and my whole is is in Warwickshire. in Worcestershire. A. B. II. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A boy's name-A goddess-Goods for sale-Dull-Unpleasant. 2. Sour-A tree-A colour-A wine. 3. Plain-To diminish,-First-A texture woven with interstices. E. DE ST. PIERRE. IllI. DECAPITATIONS. 1. My whole is a small animal; behead me, and I am a river in England; behead me again, and I am what all ought to be of. 2. My whole affects the olfactory nerves; behead me, and I am the Scotch for sulky; behead me again, and I am a possessive pronoun. 3. My whole is a transparent substance; behead me, and I am a favourite with boys; behead me again, and I am a quadruped. 4. My whole is an imperfect glance; behead me, and I join what is broken; behead me again, and I am a liquid in daily use. 5. My whole comes from crackling coal; behead me, and I am a place to walk in; behead me again, and I am a child's plaything. 6. My whole is a defunct statesman; behead me, and I make a very good pie. PERCY ST. BARBE. IV. HIDDEN CITIES. 1. Oh ! snowy mountains ! remote ice ! sterile grandeur! 2. Gazing at the lunatic, he sternly bade him be silent. 3. Five shillings an acre we got for cutting the grass. 4. Phillips's tea is the best. 5. How often by the river have I sadly sat.
6. That stupid girl either spills her tea or the salt. 7. Mordecai rose not when Haman passed. 8. Treat it kindly, or kill it. 9. No pauper thinks much about the Irish Church Question. CONSTANCE. V. POPULAR PERIODICALS. (PUZZLES.) 1. On the incline a vegetable substance was growing. 2. A rod was in front of the church. 3. That crowded thoroughfare has many a tie to bind me to it. 4. I hold a motto which all will do well to follow, whether grave or gay. 5. There is a large room in that cathedral town. 6. The apostles' words referred to an inhabitant of heaven. 7. My diary was posted in those rooms. 8. The parts of the sentence are certainly the reverse of bad. H. E. S. & O. M. VI. A RIDDLE. My first is soft and sweet; my second is hard and loud; my whole is a combination of the animal, vegetable, and mineral kingdoms. From the entire word twenty, others can be deducted beginning with a very celebrated school, and ending with an article which affords a Spanish lady her chief amusement. X. VII. ENIGMA-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The initials will give a source of great pleasure; the finals a maxim. A town celebrated for its silk manufacture. An island remarkable for its magnificent ruins and colossal statues. An irregular excursionist. That which generally follows after crime. A word prefixed to other words denoting extension of time. A musical instrument. An opulent man. What you are endeavouring to do. Part of a house. A river in Asia. An ancient people of Italy. One of the Friendly Islands. VIII. AN ENIGMA. Complaint of a neglected Member of Society. As I move in every rank of society, and belong to every sect and party, I am induced to hope that my wrongs will claim attention from everyone, and will meet with universal sympathy:- I am a twin brother, and like most twins, my brother and I are pre. cisely alike in size, form, and complexion.
There exists, however, a difference so striking, that not to know my brother from me is proverbially a mark of the greatest ignorance. The difference is of so peculiar a nature that words will not define it; in height, breadth, and strength, we are naturally similar; for the first few months of our lives we are treated with that equality of attention which is usually bestowed on such interesting beings as twins after that period; although endowed with similar qualities, and equally natural abilities, I am entirely neglected, and my brother fondly cherished, and we present to the world a living example produced. by difference of education. No sooner am I able to express my wants, and endeavour to help myself, than my sufferings begin. If pleased with a rattle, or tickled with a straw, or I get them into my possession, they are instantly taken away from me, and given to my brother. As our years increase, by brother is instructed in writing, music, drawing, and sculpture, and all the fine arts,-though with a strange consistency he is never taught to read; meanwhile, if my rank in life should permit, I am taught music, and music only. This accomplish. ment, however, is not bestowed on me as a means of giving pleasure to others by my own performances; I only play in concert with my brother, who can produce but little effect without my assistance. But the unkindest cut of all is yet to be told; should I advance to salute a friend, I am told I have insulted him; my brother is asked for, and I am rejected. It will be readily supposed that with an education so perverted, many evil dispositions must be cherished in my heart, and I am compelled to own that I have no design but what is sinister, and perform no action but what is base. The wise of all nations have decided that there is no reason why I should not receive all advantages so liberally bestowed on my brother; yet the wise as well as the foolish continue the old system of partiality for my brother, and leave me a useless and neglected creature. Rare instances have been known of independent persons who have stepped boldly forward in my defence, and having tried me, they found that I was resolute to share, and fond to relieve my brother, if possible; they, however, have been reproached (as those generally are who infringe on established custom), and have received the opprobrious epithets of vulgar and ill-bred people. Should my brother be cut off in the flower of his life, I am then acknowledged, and no pains are spared in my education. My natural powers and talents are drawn foi th, and I become an interesting member of society. Although I accompany my brother in all his campaigns as his aide-de-camp, I never fire a-pistol, nor use a sword, unless my brother falls, when I have been known to seize his weapons, and perform pro.
digies of valour. Having been useful to my brother during an illness, occasioned by an accident, he has considered my case, and kindly con- sented to transcribe this statement of my injuries, trusting you will be dexterous enough to guess who I am. E. W. O.