Our friend HEINRICH DER V AHR to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
All my sanguine visions over, Down I cast me in the clover, Now a homeless, wealthless rover, full of sorrow, full of sin; With the zephyrs round me creeping, And the daisies at me peeping, Down I cast me there a-sleeping, first from danger, first from din. There I lay a-dreaming, dreaming, 'Neath old Phoebus' fiery gleaming, With my life before me seeming like a lost yet longed-for life, And the vision plainer growing, Plainer, brighter, and more glowing, "Oh," I sighed, "my life is flowing like a mountain stream at strife I" Often on life's roadway winding, Toil and trouble we are finling, Breaking loose the steel-strong binding of the heart and happiness. Though the sails are torn and shrunken, Steer the bark from secoud sunken ; Though she reels in manner drunken, honesty the cruise will bless. HEIIC W HEINRICH DER WAIIR. CHARADE. No. 2. One bright spring day, as right away I strolled through pastures green, I saw a first a strong fence burst, With wildness in its mien. Then straight ahead it swiftly sped And tossed its horns on high, With sullen roar. while on before A damsel tried to fly. What could I do except pursue P On help the lassie reckous; But e'er I could do any good, The raging beast it seconds. Down, down a steep so very deep This cause of terror rolled. The lass and I did it defy, And we our pace controlled. Freed from affright, in great delight, Onward we gently stroll The verdant field, which odours yield From many tufts of whole. ZEPHTRUS. REVERSION. No. 3. I have a cat, I have a doggie, too; For each I care-that's just what I should do. I bought some food for both some time ago, And sharing it, thought they'd enjoy it so. Well, soon the dog digested all his share, But then assumed a most ill-favoured air, For, glancing round, he first the cat had not Devoured a trifle more than half her lot. And thinking he last privileged to take What she still had, and through contentment break, He made a rush, and tried in vain to steal The residue of pussy's needed meal. The cat held fast to what last hers by right, Then, biting doggie, mewed, to his affright. The greedy dog his object seldom gains, But often gets a buffet for his pains I W. DICKSON. METAGRAM. No. 4. An article in first you'll sight That's used to kindle or ignite. A quantity of new-baked bread, You will perceive by changing head. Full many a third his clothes did bear, And matted was his long dark hair. It marks each hour that passes on, And teis another day is gone. On doors and gates my next is placed, By changing head 'twill soon be traced. Another change will show a door That's placed on each ship's deck or floor, Once more change primal, if you please, And note a verb that means to seize. W. SAUNDERS. Powmill. HIDDEN BOYS' AND GIRLS' NAMES. No. 5. He could not hold it, 'twas so hot; He let it'fall-smash went the pot. " My home is over there," said he; " Close by the large magnolia tree." If you will bring me something new, A grand reward shall be your due. Beneath King Richard's banner grand, I've fought against the Moslem band. Full store of gold he had amassed, And then he sailed for home at last. I had a fortune, still I pined For happiness and peace of mind. R. DoueLas, Bury. PALINDROME. No. 6. A map of England take, dear friends, Search for a river's name, Which, if reversed or forwards read, Will still remain the same. W. H. BInD, Holloway.
NARRATIVE 'TIRANSPOSITION. No. On a nmssy stone in a abady grove I sat while the eveing shadows fell, Andl the little bird, sung sweet above, While their cheer y notes rang through the'del, Behind the hills in the distant west, I traced the sund,'*w's golden trail, And as lie set, each mountain crest Flung its darkshadow o'er the vale. And from you ancient belfry tower. Where glossy ivy hides the stones, I heard the bells sound forth the hour In their peculiar ringing tones. And shlw the night came stealing dow , With noiseless feet upon the scene, To cast a dark and gloomy frown Where all before was bright and greu. SHAlnROK, Armagh * POLYPHONE. No. 8. You've seen a watch ? In me again behold one- A lady's pretty, perfect, little Bold one, Upon her birthday by lpala presented. " Oh, what a love I" her feminine friends commented. And I'm indeed a being quite superior-- Behold my works, my beautiful interior. How first! How fine! What delicate construction I You will admit, a wonderful production. Then as to time, Miss Maud has ne'er detected An error in my pace to be corrected; Right to the second-ny, the very second. "Big Beu " himself the day ne'er better reckoned. Perhaps you'll think I show an inclination T' indulge a little in exaggeration; But, t assure you, every word I've stated Could by my mistress be corroborated. T. L. HEY xRT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. Young Folks, to-day I'll not be cabalistical, Nor in my style at all auomalistical Or frivolous; For whilst last night with friends I was a-dining, I racked my worn-outnbrain, a con. designing, The guests my thinking attitudes delining Amphibolous. To cool my fevered brow (which sounds poetic) Beneath the firsts I strolled. " The boy's phrenetic," The guests declared, and thought themselves prophetic And very clever. Still on for many seconds I went strolling, And growing tired of my long patrolling, To reach my homestead, without e'en condoling, I did endeavour. When I returned, good gracious I what a panic 1 'Twas as if I had powers talismanic. To me, at least, it soon was diaphanic Things were amiss. They fled; thought I was mad; would not come nigh me, But'twas my joy-I had my puzzle by me; It is the truth, and none can now belie me, For here it is. H. V. BARWELL. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 1I. My first is dug out of the ground, And on the dinner-table found. The soldiers marched along the way, When next was heard, and then-but stay I Dear riddlers, have you ever heard Of any sword without a third ? When Jones called in the other day, I gave a next he'd best not stay. A countryman some people call A last, but 'tis not used by all. W. I. C. LOGOGRIPH. No. 11. A word that means to cut or chop; If you take off its head, And then transpose, you'll quickl see What pleasant is instead ; Behead this once again, and then I'm sure you've often seen My last in spring and winter time, And summer, too, I ween. R. GRATr. SQUARE WORDS. No. 12. Each mortal cherishes them ii his heart, Till sad misfortune bids them all depart. Each one of you has doubtless seen it, and, If young in years, deemed it extremely grand. A part of almost ev'ry flower that grows; 'Tis found with the white lily and red rose. Dear riddling friends, with me you will agree, In saying that to rub out it will be. You often useful things at them will view. Now this square's finished, so I'll say adieu. J. P. HaRrINeTON. DECAPITATIONS. No. 13. In first, Young Folks, you will perceive A word that's used by those who weave; The head please take away, and you My second, a command, will view; Again behead, and you will see What neither you nor I would be. F. WALLza. No. 14. If you'll behead a certain fruit, You will at once behold What you and I have done with it; At grocers' it is sold. A. ST. J. AuCOCz. ENIGMA. No. 15. Dear riddlers, you can't help agreein; That I'm a curse to mortal being, For peace and comfort I set tleeing, And cause destruction, death, and waste. Oh, horror! crimson blod is flowing, Men's eyes with palnsion lierce are glowing, As bullet, shell, and .hlt are ploughing Bleeding gaps ! Cau this be glory ? He who loves me is cold and cruel, Devoid of lore's soul-lighting jewel; Who freely seek my hateful duel Are foes to peace and harmony. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE, King's Cross CENTRAL DIELETION. No 16. A poet first you will descry; The centre then delete, And what you will have left behind Is something good to eat. R. H. Izoo. METAGRAM. No. 17. A kind of fuel in first you surely see; When lighted, next comes from it, you'll agree If tired, a third will very useful be. T. O'Consmon, Kinsale