Our old friend H. C. PRcEC leads the Riddle Tourna- ment to-day. He claims the credit of an inventor, and we are willing to allow the claim, at the same time presenting a novelty in verbal puzzles to our readers. RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 1. DESCRIPTION. The riddle Iwill now unfold Is not a real phenomenon; But'twon't surprise me if I'm told It is-well, an "uncommon 'un." First take a word-not very long- And change the foremost letter; Describe the word-both well and strong. You've done it ? Ah, that's.better ! The letter second placed now take, And put in its position Another one, fresh word to make. Again describe condition. And now please change the lstter third, The tdtal thus quite altering; The fourth and fifth-right through the word- Without the slightest faltering. I have described my riddle new. You'd like to see a sample? 'Tis joy to be obliging you, So take this for EXAMPLE. When very first to school came little Phil, He gazed upon the cane, and looked quite ill. The captain frowned, and to his second roared, " Hurl the mast and main.deck overboard !" So small the pony giv'n the pretty dame, "Oh, what a little third i" she did exclaim. The ship sailed to a distant foreign land, Some thousand fourths from England's shores of sand. I take a cup of tea when I get up, But do not like much fifth put in the cup. Hi. C. PRICE. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foe;datieon Word. F rom primals oft we're torn away, A nd leave fond friends behind I n direst grief, lest we should stay R esolving fame to find. Cross Words. A nd now, dear friends, my greeting to you all; N o doubtful greeting, 'tis for great and small. N ow, first I hope you all will ever be; I 'in sure 'twill lead you to prosperity. E ndeavrour to be this, and bear in mind S ubmission all bad passions safely bind. T rouble from our hearts is chased away, A ud dis:appear when we are third and gay. N ever let this enter in your heart: T roublo then will hardly e'er depart; O bey its slightest will and you are lost, N o friends you'll gain-you'll find this to your cost. T. V. KITCma;ER. CHARADE. No. 3. Behold my first, as up it darts To carol its blithe songs of joy, Which unto us fresh hope imp irts To brave the cares that round us cloy. Diy s coed is by yonder knight Oft used to urge his weary steed, When he in some courageous fight To chase the foe needs greater speed. Oh. total fair, 1 love thee well ! Thy sweet perfume and colours gay Endear the cot wherein I dwell To me, this happy summer's day. J. Cr. LAB.ar. HIDDEN BOYS' NAMES. No, 4. Now we must cross the swiftly.flowing stream ; Say, shall we make our way to yonder bridge, Or get down close and crawl upon that beal:_, And when we'renear enough jump from the ridge ? My enemy must die! My iron will, Iam quite sure, will take me through the strife, And with his glitt'ring gold my coffers fill; Therefore I'll haste to take his youthful life. I love himnt still, for his rich, ardent mind Can ue'cr-ay, ne'er be ruined by his foes. I love him still, and all of ye shall find I'm true to him in all his weals and woes. GEssaEYNE ASE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 5. "I'm going to first early to.morrow," says May, "For I've all my dolls' washing to do. . Nurse says I must first at the break of the day, But I don't know what that means-do you? ? "And when I have washed all that heap of dolls' clotes; I must starch them, and next them as well; And all must be done in one day, I suppose. How P That's not in my power to tell. "The one I love best out of all my dolls three Is the youngest, whom I have named Rose; She was third very cheap by the shopman to me, For, you see, she had broken her nose. "Then Janet and May, those two proud, ugly things, Will not list to my teachings at all, About all the pain that their fault always brings, Or that pride always last in a fall. CoNCoRDIA. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 6. "I'll lead you, noble soldiers," cried the knight, " To fight against our stern and stubborn foe ! To.day will prove that right can conquer might- To.day will see some valiant men laid low. "On, on, my map, to quell the tyrant's sway- To end tyMay 's reign we onward go ! Ye men of England, strive to win the day, For 'tis for liberty we deal the blow !' H. V. BARWELL.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 7. My whole you may breathe wheuyou stay by the sea; Beheaded, a part of the earth I shall be; Beheaded again, I shall have letters three, Which form a small number you ofttimnes may see. SIa REGINALD. No. 8. When my second's spilt about, It will then be found by you That 'twill first without a doubt, Whether it be old or new. J. G. BREasAUT. No. 9. To move around my first does mean, And will by you be quickly seen ; In next I'm sure you will behold To disentangle or unfold. AM. F aBLANQUE, Bradford.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 10. o, B ELA O, Belfast.
ANAGRAMS ON ANIMALS. No. 11. Red man, alas! I must tell you, I fear, The other pale.faces are now marching near. Bring me a roll, maid; I'm hungry indeed. And some coffee, my dear, which I know I shall need. Up I pop, Thomas, the lark's song to hear; And to breathe the sweet air of the morning so clear. I like nice big eggs, miss, when there's much in one, And I shall be glad when the bacon is done. BIring me a dry rod, this carpet to beat, For the room, as you know, must be kelt clean and neat. It will do us more good, and be better by far, .If we go on to Greenwich on top of the car. PRICE AND PICKERING. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. I am a useful personage, In prisons I abound; My centre please to take away, A fowl will then be found. DEMOSTHENES.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 13. J. W. MooXiE, Belfast.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words. Read over the answer with care, In primals and finals is shown The name that is borne by the heir. Apparent to England's throne. Cross Words. A drop of water, if observed with care Beneath the microscope, reveals me there. If to keep your possessions you're inclined, Never to second you must bear in mind. The British weapon in days long gone by, As testified in ancient history. A book of reference as fourth is seen, Where information of all kinds we glean. A small repeating firearm now much used, And (so the papers tell us) much-abused. The Jewish Bible t$at the oreed defedds, Please iext to flnd; and thus our searhli now ends. J. H. BATCHELOR, Bow.
METAGRAM, No. 15. Afloat upon the boundless sea A boat's Crew were, till at their lee1 A ship in sight first, them to free,. A game is playing how they watch Each other's seconds, but to catch A mistake, and tn the match. In olden times the "ladyes fayre" Huge tapestries my third with care Depicting scenes and beauties e, 'Hong spots where nature rich ado, Upon the smiling summer morns I this among the glistening corn, In Erin's isle, a lovely spot; When of our Queen it was the lot To see, another name it got. P. M'CALL, Dublin. LOGOGRIPH, No. 16. In days of old, on battlefield, I was much used, 'tis true Now please behead me, and ;.11 yield A fruit well known to you i Transpose this fruit, and then, I ween. What reapers do will soon be seen.' Behead, transpose, and then, I trow, A small thing will appear, It is a kindof food, you know- Now, that's too plain, I fear; Once more I'll ask you to transpose, A monkey will the last disclose. I'. N. UA: ryt, Dubii. ENIGMA. No. 17. I am awfully flat-there is not, I admit, An infinitesimal doubt about it. I allow you to tread me again and again, And never feel any particular pain. I'm terriblyhardened, but that's no disgrace For, say, who could keep up a soul in my n l,cr Behold me again where the soft zephyrs shak,, The leaves-and long grass by the side of thle lake. There, with my tall brothers, I'm frequently seen. They're doubtless like blades, but th y'reternbly en By the still water's edge we all stand side by "iSeo. And the bright little minnows around our feet cide. But my moments of glory and honour are when I lead on a host of our brave British men. In war's wild excitement my presence imparts Fresh ardour and zeal to their true, fearless henrt?. But though then so quickly and proudly I go, If you cut off my head you will find me quite slow. F. IV. BissrEAD. CHARADE. No. 18. I watched a little boy; He tried a stick toji;rst, And as it still stood second, The tears did from him burst. But while I looked, a maid Went up to where he stood, And led him to the house to get My wchole, so very good. W*. SAUNDERS, Pownmill. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My centrals will, when placed aright, A well-known country bring to sight. Please a letter take from sea; My next a maiden's name will be; Smooth or glossy third doth mean; A well-known country now is seen; My fifth's a kind of earthenware; Young Folks of next ought to beware; My last's a vowel in decay. So farew4ll, all; I must away. T. C., Kilkciny. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 20. Foundation Word. Read firsts and lasts, a female's name you'll sen; Now turn it round, the very same'twill be. Cross Words. Please take a stronghold of great fame, Which either way will read the same. What children call their fathers find; Reverse, the very same you'll find. A female's name please bring to view; Turn round, it is the same Adieu. F. T. RILEY, Newcastle. SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. My first is seen at early dawa, Before the sun is hot, Upon the grass that's on the lawn, In any shady spot. My next's a word that means before, It's spelt the same both ways; You can get last upon the shore, And on the finest days. dos.