OUR PRIZE AWARDS. OUR ORIGINAL FABLE COMPETITION.
We were much pleased with the result of this competition. :I.oro than sixty fables were received, many of them well expressed and teaching important lessons in a natural manner. We have awarded the Prize to- SAkAJ I IERmnrAN, age 18, Homenwood, Princess Road, South Norwood, whose fable we shall publish. We have awarded a Prize Certificate to- Thomas T'ard, agoe 16, 78, Brightwal Street, Broohhill, Sheilield. IN THE JUNJOR DITviSIOx We have awarded the Prize to- GEORGE FREDERICK FITCIIEW, age 1, 2 Prestonville Terrace, Brighton. We also honourably mention- A. Foster Brown, Ruthl Stace, J. I. Parlington, Emnily Clifton, Charlotte Walters, Emily Coventry, F. J. Whitbread, A. rM. Naylor, J. Childs, Ml1ary . E. B. :orry, Florence Miller, Mar, Chambers, Emma M. Denlham.
OUR ORIGINAL CHARADE COMPETITION. We have awarded the Prize to- JaNs SHAE, age 17, Major Terrace, Crawsliawbooth, Manchester. We have awarded Prize Certificates to- Nina Layard and Ellen La yard, Ilam, HIarrow. We have much pleasure in commending- John Shark, Stanley Bra mall, Sarah Jicrrman. IN TIIE JUNIOn DIviSION We have awarded the Prize to- AGUSTrUS CAlnn, age 141, 2;, Alwyne Road, Canonbury. We also honourably mention- George La yard. PRIZEI FABLE. Tinii: Tiinai: Titi.2.s. THRIIEE trees were planted side by side once in a garden fair, Three sapling oaks, in size alike, and of a beauty rare. " Ten years I'll leave themi here to grow alone," the owner said, " Then come to see which flourishes, which drooping is, which dead." " I'll tend this little sapling oak," whispered the soft Soutlh breeze, " And soon it's head erect I'll raise, above the other trees; No biting cold, no tempest's rage, shall o'er its beauty spoil, And lavish praises on my charge, will well repay my toil." " And I," the East wind answered, "will rear the second tree, To make it hardy, stout, and strong, my constant care shall be; No sunshine's enervating rays shall steal its strength away, But hurricane and cold will make it firmer every day." The centre tree alone was left to grow without a guide, While summer's heat and winter's cold beset it oni each side; The East wind roared, the Zephyr waved above it day by day, As each to tend their separate charge, went speeding on their way. Ten years had passed since first the trees were planted side by side, And now the owner had returned their merits to decide; " I left them all alike," lie said, " but who can safely say, That I find them as I left them, that they're all alike to- day." The oak nursed by the Zephyr was tallest of them all, But weak and quivering in each breeze, as if 'twere like to No strength had come with soft south breath, blown o'er it night and day, And even now upon its leaves were marks of slow dec:y. Firm stood the East wind's charge, as if no tempoest couhl it shake, And e'en before the whirlwind's breath its hou ghs scarce seemed to quake; But warped and blighted w\sV the tree that once had been so fair, And naked were the bra:ches dark, that wou't the biting air. One oak was left; its branches tall and strong waved in the breeze, As if to show its regal head above the other trees; The East wind's blast, the Zephyr's breath, that o'er it swept together, I-Had made the tree impervious to calm or stormy weather.
Then said the owner, gravely, "From the withered oak I'll learn Not to strive for power with wasting health that never will return; From yonder enervated tree the lesson sure is clear, A life of undimmed sunshine must no mortal covet here. The Zephyr's breath that whispers low, the roaring East wind's strife, Are typical of storm and calm on the changeful sea of life ; Take each, not questioning its use; be sure that it is given, To draw us, like the spreading oak, towards a distant heaven." SARAHI HEIImAN. JUNIOR PRIZE FABLE. Two newly-painted pleasure boats were standing on the shore, Of their colours proudly talking, and despising more and more A boat a little out to sea, of somewhat sombre hue, Without a mast or sail to show-at least, they weren't in view. The new boats looked and talked so grand, the other felt quite humble, And though a peaceful kind of boat, it felt inclined to grumble; But then, it thought, it might as well hear what they'd got to say, For they would never listen, though it grumbled all the lday. Just then a sailor came in sight, and with him was his boy, Who, when he saw the pretty boats, gave vent to shouts of joy; " Oh, father, look !" he cried, with glee, "what pretty boats are they; I'd like to go in one of them, and sail about all day. "And, father, look at that black boat, oh, what an ugly thing ! I'd burn it up, if it were mine ; it isn't worth a pin." "My boy," the sailor said, " those boats, with gaily-painted sides, May seem to you most valuable, but they won't stand the tides. " They would not stand the rough sea waves, but only can be used When, calm, the sea is lulled to rest, and no rough wind is loosed; The other boat's the life-boat, and although it's not so grand, It's worth ten thousand times as much as both the boats on land. "For life-boats save the people's lives when they are wrecked, you know; That boat is made for usefulness, the others are for show." And thus we find in daily life, as through the world we walk, That use and work man values more than showiness and talk. GEORGE F. FITCHIEW. PRIZE CHARADE. AwArKE, idle sleeper ! up ! up, and arise ! Already my first hath made vocal the skies; Arouse thee ! arouse thee ! mount horse and away, For long is the journey before thee to-day. Forget not my second, when weary thy steed, By that thou shalt urge on his lingering speed;
For many a forest and ford must be pass'd Before thou shalt reach thine own cottage at last. And ere through thine own cottage garden thou'lt tread The dew of the night on my whole will be shed; On my beautiful whole, yet less blue and less bright Than the eyes which will meet thee with glistening delight. Lark-spur. JANE SIIAE. JUNIOR PRIZE CHARADE. OF time there's scarce a moment but my first are on the wing, Man's heart with joy or sorrow to solace or to wring; The harbingers of gentle peace, the cause of ceaseless strife, The heralds of unsparing death, the messengers of life; They're hot and cold, they're sweet and sour, they go to all extremes, They hover round our daylight path, they haunt us in our dreams; They may be bright and beautiful as heaven's celestial choir, Or dark as night, bitter as gall, burning and fierce as fire. Then guard and tend them carefully, for boundless is their power To brighten or to darken life's swiftly passing hour. My second shows the value of all that we possess, And equally it answers for the greater or the less; We always use it when we speak of persons good or great, It ever dwells with virtue, but often flies from state. My whole the name will mention of one my first who taught To waken in each feeling heart the great yet gentle thought; And with an ever-kindly hand, and Nature's truthful pen, Wrote many a page of poetry to please his fellow men. He may not be a mighty bard, with genius strong and high, But his soothing tones and holy thoughts are Nature's melody ; The dictates of an honest heart, a pure and truthful soul, Oh ! who can speak my second of my loved and honoured whole ? AUGUsTus CAnR. WVords-worth.