Our friend F. TAYLOR to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 1. Good morning, dear riddlers-good morning, I say; I'm happy to see you so lively and gay. How d'ye do, Mr. LumsdenP Hallo you're not here I And Petchell I Well, now, that's decidedly queer. But, there I I'm forgetting, so let us proceed, I hope you are all in good health P Yes, indeed I No need to ask that when I look at each face, And of sorrow or sickness can see not a trace. Like that hero so bold we were once told about, You can all take good care on yourselves, I've no doubt. We've far-famed Miss Lottie to cheer up our hearts, While Brown.Eyes and Flossie B. still take their parts; Miss Annie F. Stanton, whose songs, bright and hearty, With those of Miss Williams, are heard at our "Party;" And Lucy R. B. also claims our attention, And plenty of others too numerous to mention. Tard mawr! Ych y vil (as sweet Gwennie would say) Where's Queenie-our Queenie Ah, well lack-a-day! What's that you say, Kitohner P-that I needn't preach P Zounds I vengeance ! Don't let him get out of myreach! 'Sdeath, sirrah I come here with thy head-let me pound it I You won't ! By my sword-but where isit P Confound it ! I cannot explain, like our servant Susannah- "My gloves ? Oh, I've left 'em at 'ome on th' planner." Enough let it pass. But just keep that youth quiet, Or else, of a truth, sirs, I'll kick up a riot. Harry Price, sir, you're rapidly winning a name; And Barwell, you're ditto-which meaneth the same. If ever I'm first, done-up, weary, or sad, I turn to the Young FoUcs to make my heart glad. Oh, Binstead and Croysdill, both witty and funny, I'd rather your cons. than a whole pot of money. T. Hemery's inventions are really so clever, No wonder the people exclaim, " Did you ever I" For Kimpton, J. Myers, and Frank Marriott of old Our warm admiration will never grow cold. E. Baxter, J. Charles, A. S. Platts, P. M'Call, I'm sure that our Editor's proud of you all. A great many more could I name, but it's time I brought to a close this irregular rhyme; I'm glad that I've second to please you, and so Remain your affectionate sweethea- Oh, no! I thought I was writing to- There, that's enough! Indeed, I'm not blushingl Such nonsense and stuff Well, friends, for the present, believe me, your very Sincere brother-riddler, F. TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. CHARADE. No. 2. At Chobham, or at Colchester, My first you must have seen; Come, say, or I must needs infer You never there have been. 'Tis day. Now here, now there, you hear My heavy second crash, Until the bugle-note so clear Commands the final flash. 'Tis night. Grim figures round my whole Are busy whilst they smoke; Some roast, some toast, some boil, some spoil, With many a boisterous joke. P. N. GAFNET, Dublin. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Introduction. The cannon roar, the bayonets clash, And foes 'gainst one another crash, As man meets man in deadly strife, Each thirsting for the other's life; For he who hoped to rule the world Once more his banner has unfurled. But he who'd on the lion sweep Should tarry ere he takes the leap. Lo l he who lately hold the sway Has lost, and England's gained the day. No more shall this great man arise And flaunt his banners to the skies, For he has passed beyond recall, And pride was followed by a fall. Cross Words. The present time for first you'll see; My next a plant will surely be; To be a third my best I'll try, For my ambition soars so high; A juicy fruit my fourth will name; A king next, of Shakespearian fame; A kind of fish: and next a state In America. 'Don't scratch your pate, My last, when found by you, will be A native of old Kentucky. FoundaEion Words. You'll find that when my task is done, A famous victory that we won In finals you will see; then scan In primals an ambitious man, Whose iron power and will were bent, And his last days in exile spent. F. R. ConUso0. LOGOGRIPH. No. 4. Dear riddlers, now I'll give a con., Your right good solving wits to try. But, ah, dear Young Folks, I'm afraid An easy con. you'll here espy. My first on ev'ry tree is seen; I'm part of our dear Young Folks, too; Look in a book, I dwell therein- In fact, I'm placed now 'neath your view. Now, if you take my tail away, Why, then a meadow you will view ; Please turn me round, a drink I'll be. But now I think I'll say adieu. D. F. O'Coanron, Kinsale. DECAPITATION. No. 5. My first, now be it understood, Will name to you a piece of wood; But generally it will state A piece of marble, stone, or slate. Take off the head, and, I am sure, What's used to keep our doors secure The residue will then declare. Kind friends, the answer now laybare. W. PFEIFFER.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 6. I mean to have a picnic, If mother won't say nay, And as you are not busy now, We'll fix upon a day. I'll name a list of friends to whom We'll invitations send; If you will write the letters, I'll To other matters'tend You hope we'll have a fine warm day- To that I'11 "Amen " chime, For if the weather's bright and warm, We'll spend a happy time. The picnic's gone, and now it must Be reckoned with the past ; But though this summer 'tis the first, Itrust 'tis not the last. RED DRAGON. REBUS. No. 7.
.T. ~Rn. (n~n Ralfnash.
MONOPHONE. No. 8. My flrst's a mineral that we Could hardly do without, And it is found Beneath the ground. Now try to find it out. For all the kinids of cabbages My second is a name. Now, I'll be bound, These words, in sound, You'll find are just the same. F. T. RIDLEY, Newcastle. DELETION. No. 9. A kind of varnish is first, I ween, But if you the centre take out, A kind of fuel, I'm sure, is seen Before you, without a doubt. T. S. SiAUL. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10.
S4% W. S.jSHA!K, Glasgow.
TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. I sit me down to write a con. in rhyme- To write a little first so sweet, sublime; I sit, and with my head upon my hand, I think and next o'er poetry so grand; I rise me up, and stride about the room, Get in a passion, kick the carpet broom, Stamp my feet, and strike my forehead hard. Alas, thy muse is gone, forsaken bard I IH. C, PRIaCE. DECAPITATION. No. 12. Near rooks and quicksands first is seen, To keep all sailors out of danger; The word that here is placed doth mean] A beast that is to you no stranger. C. COZENs. METAGRAIM. No. 13. When persons go a.marketing They go to first some things; But change the head, and then to view A Christian name it brings. J. TaowsDALE.
DIAMOND PUZZLE No. 14. My f urstthough found in POverty, You'll find is e'er connected With every bulky purse you see Likewise with unirotected. ' My next is loathsome coldand r Without the light of day Its walls are slimy, black dank, Fast crumbng to decay. The conquered knight leans on his Revenge burns in his breast , A muttered third I faintly hear Unto his foe addressed. Papa to.day bought on the sands a. car in colours bright, To this to Nell, who claps her hands And laughs in great delight. To fifth the novice must e'er learn Or he would never share The fruits which steadfast work will ara When he o'ercomes despair The next is destitute of hope His limbs they shake with fear For presently that coil of rope Will end his short career. Papa last night to mamma said That we are going soon To this a day at Margate, Fred. Oh, what a precious boon I Ere the day breaks with its gladness_ Next the sun sheds o'er the earth His bright rays--Tim's bitter sadness Will have turned to joy and mirth, My last in every evil deed Takes an important part; Likewise 'tis part of every seed, And part of every heart. In honest works push onward still, Though Fortune seems to frown. E'er centrals, and success soon will Your steadfast efforts crown. J. G. La`xaa METAGRAMI. No. 15. Come round me, all Young Folks, and hear my sod te, In which I will tell how Bill Grimes went to gaol In your native city Sing this doleful ditty, And all will take warning-none at it will rail. A purveyor's boy was this very fine fellow, By old Madam Nature inclined to be mellow, Till had company, As later you'll see, Soon brought him to grief, and for his crimes to below, A good store of pastry in first he'd to carry, Was not to next with it, nor on his road tarry. He went on his way, Nor meant to delay, Till who should o'ertake him but his old pal Harry., "Come, where are you going ?" asked Harry, so sly, And lifts up the lid of my first, there to try To see its contents, When something he scents-- He grasps a large handful of nice pastry pie I Now, this sudden coup on Bill's spirits put neat; He for a short time was exceedingly vexed, Till Harry's sly wiles Restored his sweet smiles, So the twain on the pathway their eating.honso lied. Themselves they did fourth till the dainties were swallowed, When a policeman quickly came up and them halloed. Our Bill was now caught, To station.house brought, And by a large shouting crowd thither was followed. At present in gaol doth this victim still suffer The price of his fault, while his friend, far the tongher In guilt, got away. So beware, now I say, Of being entrapped, and then called "a poor dnffer." P. M'CALL, Dublin, SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. My first is the name of a lass That often is heard in the street; My second, when taken from grain, The Scotchmen enjoy when they eat; My third is the name given to hair When it grows on the neck of a beast; And my fourth's often found on the board When a party of Englishmen feast. AucE FussauL CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. My whole often thrills with pity, When on the shore I hear The hollow next from some doomed ship, Which to the rooks is near. W. iSAenDEas, Powmil, PALINDROME. No. 18. An English river this will name; Please turn it round, and yon Will see that it is still the same. Now, Young Folks all, lieu. T. O'CoNsoo, Kinmass,