Our friend J. WAKIw Ln to-ay takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1.
As I by the fire was sitting one night, When my task was ended, I thought I'd make a puzzle out, And to the Budget send it. So to work I set, with right good will, To'form a metagram: In which the first, no doubt, you'll know Is a stream in Durham. Now change the head, you then will see An ancient king, I know, Who o'er this country once did rule In Sears long ago. Change head again, and I've no doubt A fruit it then will show; Repeat the change, and you will see What's shed in times of woe. If you again the change repeat, It then will bring to view A word that means to burn or singe, And to be withered, too. But now repeat the change again, And you'll be sure to find A word that means to raise or lift, Or the part that is behind. Change head again, and it will name An animal, I ween; Repeat the change, and then, I'm surie, 'Twill be on horses seen. Again change head, and you will see A word which means close by; The change repeat, a name 'twill show Of what's passing swiftly by. If changed again, what's high in price Is sure to come to light; Once more change head, and you will see Another.word for fright. And now, my friends, before I leave, I'll bid you all "Good day;" I hope that I have pleased you all By what I've had to say. J. WAKEFIELD, Manchester. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. A lady's name, Of Budget fame, In whole, I'm sure, is seen; She helped the brave, And one did save Who is well known, I ween. Cross Words. The night is gone, the morn is here, The notes of first, so sweet and clear, High in the heavens we now do hear; in next you all will surely view A well-known riverof Peru; When we followed Winfield through the snow, In this direction we did go: A kind of fruit which we oft eat, You all can buy them in the street. . PYRA3ID-PUZZLE. - " No.-8. My centrals, downwards read, will name A Budget poet of great fame. Our pyramid we'll now begin: For top, put down one-third of pin, A vegetable also it will show ; Second's a metal, as we all know; In third a girl's name you will find; My fourth to study gives his mind; My next, I think, you'll find to be One who gets his living o', the sea; My last bad luck does signify, To shun it surely we'll all try. R. E. D., Exmouth. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 4. Come, gather your wits, my dear readers, kndeavour this puzzle to solve; It has seven letters, remember, And pray don't a failure involve. My 4, 1, 5, 7 is the name of A metal that's found in my whole; 'Tis useful in some occupations, Though not quite so useful as coal. My 3. 4, 1, 2 is a place where Fond lovers might secretly meet; And whisper their thoughts of the future, And kiss while their hearts loudly beat. My 4, 5, 6, 7 is that part of The world on which we are dwelling, And where so much commerce is done by Working and buying and selling. My whole is that merry old country Whose knees to a victor'ne'er bent: Whose people have fought for their freedom, And now live in peace and content. Three cheers for that merry old country, Its ships, and its sailors so bold I And now, my dear friends, I'll retire, for My puzzle, at length, is all told. But stay for one moment, I pray you, I forgot to ask you to give Three cheers for that best of advisers, The Eoitorl Long may he livel HIDDEN BIRBS. No. 5.-1. The train from Bath rushed into the station. 2. I am thinking old Finch is a miser. 8. Ineo this bag with the swag, tailor Tom; be quick. 4. With awkward steps he ambles on. 5. Take a glee party with you to enliven the company.-H. 0. LAMB, Hull. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 6.-1. It is not at all practical, Verley. 2. Have you seen the tramear mart, Henry ? Yes. Harry. 3. I am going to visit the village of Carnar-Vongkelin. 4. Have you seen Mont Blanc, Hardy ? No, Alfred. s. What is a -teiribec hat, Hamor ? I think it is a hat worn in Denmark. Arthur. 6. Blanch Atteristen is an actress, isn't she. Fred P Yes, Jack. 7. Do you live at Tolbeach Elms, Fordley? Yes, Lawrie. 8. Berchead le Hulmers is the Frenchman's name, Arthur.-J. A. LAwRENCE, Kennington.
VERBAL CHARADES. S :. No. 7. My first is in pain, but not in joy.; My next' s in pla, but not in toy : My thfird's in chin, but iot in brow; My fourth is in'sheep. but not in cow; My filfthslain eel, but not in fish: My sixth isin plate, but not in dish; My last is in my, but not in mine ; And. so.withi this I.end my rhyme. If you these letters place aright, A Scottish town 'twlll brlng to sight. RoB RoY, Kilbarchan. No. 8. My first is in coal, My second's in foal, My thirdcan be found in tea; My fourth Is In cat, And complete I am that Which is worn by boys like me. F. W. BItSTEAD. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 9.
fl ANON.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 10. If you a town in Somerset behead, A famous city you will have instead. H. J. ELLIS, Leeds. No. 11. If you behead what little girls wear, A very hard mineral will then appear. A. THoMAs. No. 12. These may be relied on, they're not fiction, And if my words are these, no contradiction I do observe : Beheaded, we're by these made and provided Most rightly governed, and our ills decided As we deserve. G. GRANT, Bayswater. CENTRAL DELETION. No3.1 . .. -fwbo61e56 si1s own;.- - - B:3nt centrenow erase, And then, I know, a word' for warmth You'll very quickly trace. LOTTY W., Brighton, FLORAL REBUS. No. 14.
J. R. G., London.
CHARADES, ,No. 15. My first was a beautiful thing to see, As she homewards sped'on the glassy sea; But soon the billows, like beasts of prey, Sped towards my first, and bore her away To the rocks in sight that so grimly beckoned, And my beautiful first has become my second; And the shuddering sailors still remember My terrible whole that dark November. J. S. HiOKMAN, Hammersmith. No. 16. A faithful animal first is reckoned, And my whole is a kind of second. J. MURRAY, Liverpool No.17. My first is a girl's Christian name; My second-is another; These two joined together will frame A herb ; sodo not bother. SAMUEL. REVERSIONS. No.' 18. An English town if yott turn round, A kind of letter will be found. J. G. BANR,-London. SNo. 19 . A kind of animal reverse, and you'll see That I am the juico of a certain tree. - POTooK. CURTAILMENT. No. =20. , A well-known metal curtailed-by you, Will bring a beautiful meadow to view. TOE.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 21. Cross Words. A girl's name this, cut short; A coldur this, I'm taught; A near relation this will be; A cardinal point in next you'll see; Fifth is a girl's name, so Lam told. Next's a Saxon leader bold ' Without my next no lamp you'd light; A monstrous fish now comes to sight; A kind of serpent this, I ween; An animal in next is seen: My last is what I'm certain you When very thirsty always do. Foundation Words. My plitmals and my finals Tw' Budget tales will show; tAnd if you've never read them, I pray you to do so. A. WILsoN, lIoylake DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. No. 22. I frequent recreation seek In this our riddling page; And certainly, from week to week, Do these my wits engage. 1000 and an Indian coin 151 ,, a cardinal point 1000 ,, a night-light 600 ,, inside a gaol 55 ,, a town in Dutch Beveland 501 ,, to tale offence 52 , part of a baby 1101 ,, something ludicrous. PUZZLE. LE Bow, -No. 23. One-half of wink, One-half of zinc, And-then one-half of shoe; ,)ne-half of nest, One-half of rest, An English town you'll view. J. PIARIsIL SQUARE WORD. No. 24. My first a coin will be; My second a plant, you'll see; My third is a colour, you know ; My fourth a county will show. ENIGMA. H. TIVEL No. 25. Reckon not on your chickens before they are hatched, Is a maxim both truthful and wise; But this person did so, anid bad was the end- Who it was you perhaps recognize. G. GRANT, Beyswater, LOGOGRIPH. No. 26. What means royal if you the centre take, A foreign coin it soon will make; ; Then transpose, and soon you'll see A Shakespearian king-his name tell to me. J. MURRAY, Livelpool, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 27. My first contributes much to summer, In fact; it;isthe.heart of it; ' ý''"' " y'cidid ifibfildseA ui~'fnood; ". I Perhaps of,!ve had aipart of it. The climate in third is very warm, A mutiny once did shake it; An English city fourth, you'll find, From a western county take it. Fifth to you will name a time When all things gay and bright appear; A country in Europe sixth will show, Of which you've heard, I do not fear. A name oft given to my tighth, My seventh now will show; And eighth ate very numerous In this wide world, I trow. My last you'll find th first in right, Though wrong is not without it; Centrals name a pleasant time, The truth you will not doubt it. J. M~vEs, Dalto-in-in-Funess ANAGRAM. No. 28. A tghli no naroimm's sag'de dreaps, Dan fierd ish zlagnig yee; Etwi gynid nahd, vobae sih dahe. Eh hooks eht grafnemt so ish labed, Nad housted "citrovy i" "Ceghar, therCse, rahgeo l No, yanStel, nol" Rwee het slat to onimarM. EL~ANOL ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &0o., OF: la \Vh.P L-- weeth eart. Thus : 14.-When wine's in, wit's KisS, shoW, canE, winE, out. hinT, healtH, bladE, Con- 15.-Supeerrogation. cordiA, butteR, enchant- 16.-Sandwich Islands menT. 17--F. J. Crogor. Thus: 2.- C France, Jessamine, Cork, T H ,E Raleigh, Oporto, Grant- SCREW plans, Elephant, FOLIAGE ltichard. S NGSTERS 18.-Mecca. B R I TAI 19.-Lead, lea, ale. L EMON N 20.-Pedal, lead. oT AY. 21.-Sink, skin, ink. 8 2~2.--ishon, Pc, Nes, 3.-sot, Tor. ` Seine. 4--Snub, buns. 23.--od, yew, ewe. 5.-Mabel, AbeL 24.-Bingwood, Dartmouth, 6.-Shoe, hoe. Dork in g, Southampton, 7.-Olara,-' Lara." Dover, Chatham, Cam- 8.-Corn-wall.. bridge, Oakham, BMaret, 9.-Kid-der-minster. H u.ll, Buxton, Matlock, -10.-Month, moth. Deal. 11.-Altercation, alteration. 25.-Teak, Kate. 12.-Dream, ream, read, real, 28.-Ewe. reap. 27.-Booth, boot. 13.- L E R 28.-Ladle, lad. E Y R E 29.--Lilia. ERSE REED 80.- At time of re t; towards its nest, The bird doth quickly fly; In peaceful sleep, thrbugh silence deep, The busy world doth lie.