Our friend ANNIE STANTON to-daytakes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No..1. Little folks, I have come a petition to make, And I trust you will listen, or, old England's sake : Though your-riddles are good, and your squares are first- rate, The remembrance of me must have slipped from your pate. - I don't wish, of course. all my use to parade, For before I could finish my poor leaves might fade; But I11 give you my history, and then, I am sure, You will think more about me than you did before. Many years ago-perhaps two hundred or more. Have passed since first I was broughtto this shore; But although I have flourished, and strived to grow, Yet, alas I you ne'er give me the praise that you owe I Santa Fd was my home, and New Mexico, too, And happy and joyful, contented I grew; 'Till a man called Sir Walter soon bore me away, And at Youghal, in Cork, I was destined-to stay. The Queen was delighted, and the old courtiers, too, And grand folks came to see me as slowly I grew; But they need not have been in quite so much flurry, For, asno doubt you know, we plants never hurry. In Ireland they love me far better than here, What they'd do without me is not very clear; But young folks often treat me with horrible pride- If I'm waxy, or watery, I'm poked on one side. And now I'll have done, lest I get in a rage, "And that is not wise." says some hard-hearted sage. But no doubt I have wearied your patience away, So I'll pick up my stalks, and wish you " Good day." ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 2. Fierce tempers do often my whole's self display, Whether lofty or lowly life's station : But now, if you'll just take my centre away, I'll show you a grand alteration. J. L., Lambeth. No. 3. A kind of gum, dear friend, if you The centre will delete, A mineral that you know well You then will have complete. W. A. WILLfAsS, Neath. DECAPITATIONS. No. 4. To pull out, if you behead, Chanlce you will have instead. Bow-wOW. No. 5. Whole means to scoff, but teke the head away, And a relative of yours it-quickly will display. W. A. WILLIAS, Neath. No. 6. Once.I.went along a-highway, . - Wha:I came acrossiman; . ., . Took Ihim into a byeway, " . 'Then to question him began. `Queried I, in sweetest accents, "If it be to you the same, Ere on me you turn your back hence, Gentle traveller, what's your name ?" First he looked at me and wondered, Then he told to me his name: Then upon his words I pondered, Then I spoke to him again. "Traveller, being hungry, I would Like to take of something good. Did I cut your head off you would Furnish me the needful food. " Shall I perform the operation ?" How that traveller looked alarmed I Said I, "Pray, cease your agitation, For with you I am but charmed. " Traveller, when the wintry weather Comes, my skates I buckle on; But then use them I can never Without ice to skate upon. "But if then I straightway take Your body of its head deprived, And it again decapitate, The ice is thus at once derived." That traveller then went on quite badly; Seemed like mad, or in a rage. Said I to myself, half sadly. "You never read the riddler's page." Now, ye sapient puzzle-solvers, Be ye good-looking or plain, Please to use your mind-revolvers, And explain this travellet's name, F. J. HOWLETT, Deptford. VERBAL dbARADES. No. 7. My first is in profit,'but not in gain; My second's in shower, and also in rain; My third is in bit, as well as in bite; My fourth is in wrong, but nbt in right; My fifth is in clay, but not in mud; My sixth is in rose, but not in bud; My seventh's in good, but not in bad; My eighth is in boy, but not in lad; My ninth is in noble, but not in brave; My tenth is in death, but not in grave; My eleventh's in gentle, as well as in tame; My twelfth is in honour, but not in fame: My thirteenth's in wed, but not in marry; Miy fourteenth's in carrier, but not in carry; My fifteenth's in wind, but nbt in blast; My sixteenth's in gone, but not in past; My last is in sorrow, and also in shame; My whole is a hero of Budget fame. B. EVANS No. 8. My first is in wine, but not in gin; Myeecond'sln needle, but not in pin; Mythirdis in ink but not i ien; i; My fourthiis in turkey, but notin hen; My fifth is in old. but not in young: My last is in heart, but not it'lung. Now, if you place these letters right, A well.known friend will come to sight. B. R.
OURTAILMENTS. No. j. An English town qurtailed by you, Will bring a gentle bird'to view. & PAtIsH. . "No. 10. From a'nuttree the tail take, And a vdupourit will-make. :SIR PHILIP SYDNEY. DOUBLE VERBAL OHARADE. No. 11. My rasts.nare in stifle, but not in choke;, ,-by seconds are in vapour, but not in smoke; My thirds are in nutmeg, but ndt in spieo ; Myfouiirtis-are inmoat, and partly ni imce; My fifths'arelin honey, but notin sweet; My wholes are two fairies, and now-they're complete. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neacu.
PROVERB RBBU&" No. 12.
LOGOGELPH.lP No. 13.' Complete, a foreign country; A letter now delete, Transpose, it shows a photographic Instrument complete. - Curtail, and then transpose again, A kind of grease you'll see; Behead, transpose, an animal. You'll find what's left will be. Curtail, and then transpose once more, Part of yourself 'twill-name; Without which soldiers could not carve Themselves a road to fame. Again transposed, an animal, A useful one, I ween; Reversed.-what means to injure There will at once be seen. S J..MYERS. Dalton-in-Fntress.
No. 14. i E - F. W PETOHELL.
DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 15. Foundation Words. Primals and finals both read down, And then you'll quickly see A Budget tale, of great renown, That's readc by you and me. Gross Words. My first an entertainment'means, I think that I am right; My second's used in ships and.gaols, 'Tis neither black nor white. For third put down a weaver's tool, In-olden days 'twas-seen; My fourth the goddess is of flowers, A girl's name 'tis, I ween. My fifth, you'll find, grows far away, 'Tis very nice and sweet; And sixth I give to our dear Ed.. For giving up this treat. - My seventh's an instrument of sight, I mustnet tell you more;, My eighth, was present at the Flood, .. .... Which finishes verse four. My ninth is heard-noar rooks:and hills,i " It answers you quite true ; - M'tenth means relish, so I think, But that Ileave to you. My latmnioans what this coni will do When you the answew fldud,'- SAnd now. dear friends, I,bid"adieu... To ll you irddWes kind .et * ,WA WILLI AMs1'. eath:
TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. The'second of my wholetransposed .i{ ITi anything but right, And everything I obance to play Itputj me'n a plight. S pI liope the tuner to be.here Will very soowne found; Itis so disagreeable. To have that discordant sound. G. GRANT, Bayswatr, CROSS PUZZLE. . No17; Myd:lrst the restless waves-perform, When from the, shore.they flow; Secoind's a beverage you'll find, To make t' iops we grow; My third is generally used In summer's raging heat; My fomrth off to the prison takes All those who stial orocheat; . My fifth: a well-kniown songster is, -Of plumageaglossy blacke; My :Ixth, I think, 'tis bestto wish That always' you may lack; SA metal in'iny seviienth you'll see, :For which Cornwall'has fame; :My eighth's opposed to wet, I trow; And last's a Christian name.. Downwards and across thoe centrals now read, And then I'am sure you will find, -If to forming this cross you have paid any heed, That a warbling bird comes to mind, Which sings, when the woods with primroses are yellow And trees forth, are budding, his-lays clear and mellow, LOTTY W., Brighton NUMERICAL CHAR ADE. No. 18.-Whole, I am a word of eleven letters, and meona travelling bag. My 4,. 10, 3, 8 is a small pie of fruit; my l 9,1; 2, 3; 8 is a statement; my 3, 11, 5 is a spirit; my 1, 8 ,7 4 is to breathe fast from fatigue; my , 2, 4 is to decay;: y 8, 9, 6, is a beverage; .my 1,11, 7,8 is I flat-bottomed bt my 5, 10, 1 is a chart; my 8, 9, 7. 5, is a movable housea- BELLTMOcT, CHARADES. No. 19. - If a powerful agent your eye would behold, My first, when you meet it will strike you, no doubt; Though now paradoxical, here you are told It will pass you unseen though you're on the look.out, Not so with my second, at least it is rare, The exceptions are few, and have no business here; To denounce all alike would be very unfair, Let love sway the sceptre, then faults disappear. To sum up the matter you find your own strength Quite unable to raise the amount that's required, So you gladly avail yourself of me at length, That is, of my whole, just to do as desired. J. L., Lambeth, No. 20. Whilst out with my gun my first I espied, I took a shot at him. and he instantly died, A little while after down my second I fell; How I got up again Idon't know very well, When I reaciedhome"I was covered with mire, My whole is a village.inBucklitghamshire. .. - .... .. :4.< MIAN, Hammeremitb N..o.. 21. Old Smith was a farmer, hale, hearty, and strong, He could tell you a tale, or could sing you a song; And in'all sorts of first I have hbard peop e say, He'd be up in the morning and wprking away; Dut Smith, though hardworking,b oe failing had got, "Ah ! where is the man," you may adk. " who has not?" He was fond of my second, and often would drink Much more than his closest acquaintance would think, Well, one night, when tipsy, he happened to fall Against a good total which hung on the wall- It fell and was broken; since then, I declare, He's been puzzled to tell when.'twould rain or be fair. Jun. ENIGMA, No. 22. I am small and I am biight To the eyes of mankind, And all my companions The sameyou will find, '. GRANT, Bayswater. METAGRAMSB No. 23. One morning, near a lit Ie bower, I pulled a whole, a pretty flower ; Change head, and you will quickly ree, A part of your-frame I.will be ; Change head once more, and you will view What is worn .by all of you ; If.chang d again, I ,'.ean'to waste, So good-bye, as I must haste. , - . 0No.24. Please of a certian sea change head, A loud noise yout,will have instead; Change head again,'dud you will see A fruit when at l.aturity. I H. C. LiMB, Hull, ----·i;--- . ' , ,ANSWERS TO RIDDLicS, &o., Oil' TLsr 3T' W:i 1.-Broom, oirb, B (bee), 11.'The letter H. moor, room, ro (roe, row). 12--Sweet water cannot rau 2.-Cowardice. - from a foul spring. 3.-Maid-stone. 13.-Heel, eel. 4.-Red-breast., . .!o14.--Bell, ell. s.-- " V - 1.-Howe. L A. - 161-Molon, lemon. S ALAAD 17 PFle; I .0. VA L, I A N T 18.Pedal, plead, lead, le, C H ARA C Ta 19.-Tromp, Blake Tha VAtlIANT.3ACK: TuB, RelL, OperA, il, WH&I S T I ING PastE. oland \NOWJUMP 20-Ki ng Plppn, Roland B L AZ I" .Quiz. A- . E 21.--An, a. K a 22 .-Barnes, barn. 8.-G r eb e, nerlin, stork, 23:Beet, bee. knot. 24.-Tom Rodman. :7.-Alerti: 25.-Peach, beach, reach, 8.-Bad;dlab, .. teeh. 9.-Noose, noe .. .26.-RRay, Tay, May. 10,-The seasins are-Spr`ing, 27.-York, Cork. SSuinniir, Atn, winter. .. '' D 2S. POOP ( 30,- LARD '- aGUE .. OTTO ALO_ RUn~ IE OTTO ROSE S )`DR) - 'P:OOP DEED . : . . .-: . : . . .. ., --, .:..=-o .. . ...