Our friend J. MYPERS to-day takes. the lead in ,he RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OENTRAL DELETION. No. 1. One day, in contemplative mood, With slate and pencil I did brood A puzzle to compose, Which should the leading place obtain; When striving hard, with might and main, A difficulty 'rose. Wha; kind of puzzle it should be Just at this moment puzzled me; So searoh'd my Budgets o'er To see what were the needful sort, Or whether they were long or short That galn'd the lead before. I quickly found my thoughts were wrong, It matter'd.not if short or long, If merit they contein'd; Or whether it were metagram, Charade, acrostic, omegram- All kinds tLe lead obtain'd. If long, they must be good, we know (For oft our Ed. has told us so), Before they can appear; But, then, too short they still can be ; A medium there is, you see- I'm passing it, I fear, So now no further I will go; But ere I leave I'll place below A central deletion : A man's name, with the centre out, Will name a coin, a hich, I've no doubt, You'll find-so use discretion. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Fur ess. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. When you my cross words rightly guess, 'Ihe pr mals kindly take, And you'll agree, when them you see, Ialf of my whole they make. The finals give the other half, And,if addtd thereto, A character in "' Silver Star" Will quickly come to view. Cross Words. lie fought for Scotland long ago ; lie fought 'gainst F ngland, that I know, So for his blood 1 thirst. We won't behead him this time, though ; Cut off his tail and let him go, And you will have my first. An evil witch who did her worst A Budget hero to annoy; But he defied her spells accurs'd, And tn the end did her destroy. Come, take your map, this country'sin the East; I ngland owns part, and not, by far, the least. Under the ground This metal's found, Or in it, I should say; And know you, please, That quantities Are dug up every day. Very clever am I, as 0 ou all will acknowledge, When I tell youthat,though I have ne'er been to college, Or, indeed, any place of instruction, I wot, Apupil I have, whom I educate not; Although the said pupil I never do thrash, I'm continually keeping it under the lash; I have mentioned my name several times in this rhyme, And in guessing me you will not be a long time. FRED TAYLOR. IHARADE. No. 3. At first I am green, 'Tis then I am seen, And have no cause for alarm; But when I turn red, The children I dread, For 'tis then they do me the harm; But when I turn black Their.lips'they.do smack, And pull me sans consideration; But no more I will say, At least not to-day, Lest you see through my little oration: W. CUnRY, Waterloo. METAGRAM. No. 4. A part of a dress or coat My first is, as you'll see; But if you change the-head, An ornament 'twill be. Now please to change the head again, Then you will have, I ween, A pretty kind of firework That I have often seen. QuBzt MORGAN LA FAY. LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. My first's a kind of bird, you'll see; Cot off the head, and there will be A verb that means excite; Behead, this Enklishriver fows Towards the east behead, this shows Habit, if read aright.' A. . A, I D A, H, E., Bradford,
ENIGMA. No. 6. If you will but put down a number, And after that a circle small, Another number, a letter from Humber, You'll see something that's known to all. J. W. CHADwICIL PALINDROME. No. 7. An action or exploit My whole doth surely name And even though 'tis backwards read, 'Twill still remain the same. EMILY M. CANTER, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. A kind of fish if you transpose, A thong of leather it will disclose : Transpose once more, you'll surely see Some cunning things it's bound to be. PROVERB REBUS. E. BE I No. 9. UU UU LOTTIne W., Brighton. DECAPITATION. No. 10. Three words below that you must guess, In rrder, each one letter less Than that preceding doth possess Now, understandest me ? Here is a part of ev'ry van, So strive you bravely like a man, Oh, riddler 'cuts, until you can Deliver it to me. This doth pertain to human feet, So, riddler keen, I you entreat To strive until you vict'ry greet In guessing it for me. To find a fish is now your task, So, riddler, you once more I ask To strive, so that you may unmask Its little name for me. And now, if you have tried your best, This puzzle is most surely guess'd, And, riddler kind, my whole request Is granted unto me. T. L. HE3mER. REBUS. No. 11.
B elect for first a kind of fruit, o doubt will your palate sui . Tt; O bserve my next, you'll surely see W hat means a rate or a degree; D ear riddler, now exert your power, R ange here, for next, a kind of flower; O f this plant several species grow, P erhaps its name you soon can show. Foundation Word. s ignifcant of comely maid · P rimtals ae, I ween; i B are flower, finals, is display'd, I-n hedge and garden seen; - N1 ow johi the two, thej' quickly bring Gentle harbinger of Spring. ' . J. MYsRs Daltn -in-Furness . /
SQUARE .WORDS. No. 13. First take a Scotsman bold; And then a rebel chief ; Thirdly, a god of old; And last a dwelling brief. T. II. JACKSON, London, No. 14. First a well-known measure trace; An Egyptian river next, you'll find; Third doth mean a Scottish race; Last some fowls will bring to nmind. J. W. OHADWIx, No. 15. My first is used for cleansing; My next a river shows; Another river third will be ; My fourth's not used to prose. W. KIMPTON, London. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Drawer, redraw. Thus: 12.-Foment, omen, men, me. DeeR, Rim H, AriD, Wealt, 13.-Dream, ream, mare, b.tnA, RaW. 14.-Windsor. 2.-A river. 15.-Postman. 3.-Inca, inc. 16.-Pen-man-ship. 4.-Many, muan, ma. 17 -Man, map, mad, mat, 5.-Wheat, heat, eat. mag, mar, May. 6.-Pup. 18.- N 7.-Rouse, rose. C A T 8.-Sensate, Senate. R A V E N 3 -Shoe, hoe. P A P 10.-Crocodile. N 11.-Cheat, chat, hat. i ~- l - -I m ~ m