Our friend ANNIE F. STANTON to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. The foreign folks do so excel In English goods the making, That really from poor Johnny Bull All merit they are taking, And I am glad at least to find That, clever though they be, Their nimble fingers can't surpass The English make of me. From Birmingham I mostly hie, It is the seat of trade, And very many different names They give me when I'm made, From Germany they send for me; I travel 'cross the seas. No other kind but English ones The people's taste can please. I'm very sharp in all my ways, You cannot take me in. I'll own I like a "little drop," But, then, 'tis not of gin. The stuff I drink is rather dark, Though sometimes it is blue; But editors prefer it black, And so, I think, ought you. I'm right and good in all my ways, If people use me well, But if I'm driven to it, why, A story I can tell. I do not fade in getting old, Like many people do; A nail within my glass will keep My coat as good as new. My temper it is very good, When I am rightly used, But I can scratch like any cat, When very much abused, And I have often heard folks say (A pretty charge to bring!) I turn my sharp nose up too much At every little thing. It may be so; we all have faults. Who is without a spot? Besides, Ithink a turned.up nose Is rather nice than not. But I will stop, for I can see You're weary of my jokes; Look for the answer, dear friends, in The next of the Young Folks. ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway, SQUARE WORDS. No. 2. Dear Ed.,-I daresay you will think it surprising, But, nevertheless, it is true what I say; One morning at four, I was thinking of rising, When a shadowy first came and stood in my way. "Second " I exclaimed, in a voice awful shaky, " Who are you, that has into my father's house burst ?" But the apparition made me feel very quaky, By saying, " Rash boy, don't you know I'm a first ?" My brother in bed at that moment awaking, Sat up at once, yawning, and rubbing his eyes ; Then, seeing me sitting there trembling and shaking, He asked " what was up," in a tone of surprise. "Third," I said, "it's a first I and, oh, it does scare me i" "Nonsense !" he said. "He's a thief, I'll be bound." He sprang at the first, and my legs could scarce bear me, When I saw the man fourth and the sheet on the ground. Yes, 'twas true he a thief was-we weren't mistaken; A last which he left helped to put him in gaol- 'Twas a crowbar, which in his hurry he'd not takep Away with him, and well it told its own tale. J. WORswici. DOUBLE ACROSTIC,. No. 3. Foundation Words. A Young Folks riddler of great fame In primals you will see; My finals show another name. Both downwards read must be. Cross Words. My first it means a puff of air, I'll second you to lay it bare; My third may be a horse's leg, Or yours, unless you've got a "peg;" My fourth will be one.half of rink; A metal is my next, I think; My sixth will be the god of war, You'll find his name without going far; Next, I think, will be a measure; Eighth will wait for no man's pleasure This a Greek letter it should be; And last means want, it seems to me. W. H. MAcoMBs. CIIARADES. No. 4. Nine and something make my first (A trap for wild beasts when reversed). My second, busy as the busy bee (Transposed, 'tis only bark you see). No one is third my third to read (Transposed, a packaga large indeed). With this preamble, which it just occurred Would make it easier to find the word, I now proceed: The landlord said the house was whole; He was not third a flaw to see. First had been working like the second To make the villa worthy me. CECILIA JxaE E. No. 5. When approaches genial spring, And when the birds begin to sing, 'Tis in the fourth month of the year, My first will certainly appear. And if in history you will read Where madcap Harry took the load, A battle-field in France peruse, You'll find my second much in u',e. In April, when the sun shines bright, And storms against the sunshine tight, Perhaps my whole you then may see, While taking shelter 'neath some tree. B. G. SnIEJEANT.
CHARADE. No. 6. " Oh, fle I" cries papa, and " Dear me " sighs mamma, And Charlie, the rascal, is looking demure, While aunt Pattie raises her hands and her eyes, And murmurs, " sHow thoughtless and whole, to be sure I" Young Charlie, whose hands are behind him just now, Shakes himself slowly, and looks at the floor. " I don't first," he says, "for it wasn't my fault, And I'm sure that it will not occur any more. " I care next for my toys than for displeasing you ;" For Charlie has visions of being well whipped, And, e'en as the buttercup glistens with dew, His amber eyelashes with tear.drops are tipped, " Well, well," says mamma; and" Really, you know, Boys will be boys," cries papa, with a smile. But aunt Pattie gravely is shaking her head- She says that he ought to be talked to awhile. H, C, PCrso, REBUS. No. 7. "; - ANON. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 8. This con. to commence, you must take from pretence Just one letter, and when you have done so, proceed To my second, and there you will see, I declare, What the poor people do when they're greatly in need. Though you may be perplexed, pray do not get vexed When I tell you that third's what you do on the ice; And when fourth you have found, you will own, I'll be bound, That its meaning is finical, formal, or nice. A skirt or a gown for next please put down, 'Tis princip'ly worn by young children, I'm sure; A card or a die in sixth you will spy, 'Tis a word that you've frequently heard of before. Now, if you'll but try my last to descry, You'll find it in kimbo-you will, 'pon my word. Ere I bid you good-bye, in my centrals you'll spy The name of a pretty but very vain bird. H. V. BAuwELL.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 9. ANON., MIETAGRAM, No. 10. I went in the hall for my . . . But was startled at seeing a .. . I threw at the beast my felt . . Of course tripping over the . . . The animal quiet still... She knew that our wretched old.. . Was gross and exceedingly... With a bound, I seized her... And ended her days in the . . CEcILIA JANE R. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. Come, friends, attention now if ever you Have listened to a choir and heard their song, The first, no doubt, you've heard, and second too, For both are terms in music, itis true, And both to naught but music do belong. If you have rambled on a lovely night, A third, young friends, you certainly have seen- Yes, overhead you've seen it shining bright; But now, to bring the fourth and last to light, After a thrashing backs quite fourth have been. ALEX. S., Glasgow.
TRIPLE ACROSTIC. No. 12. Fondation tWords, The firsts, lasts, and centres three writers Who in English literature have won high fl n e, Gross Words. The night was mild, the sea was ean The moon was then my sirs When, suddenly, to my alarm, A tempest o'er us burst, And though the fast.increasing gale Its fury 'gainst us hurled, I noticed, and my cheek turned pale Our sails were still unfurled. ° I sought the skipper in affright, My inmost soul was vexed. Said I, " On such a fearful night You really are my next." But he replied, "Her course she'll keep She'll weather through it all. p D'ye think that o'er the briny deep Like some old third I'll crawl ?' I said no more, though well I knew That he a fourth had made, And I could plainly see his crew Were each of them dismayed. At length there came an awful crash, The masts went by the side, And then, with loud and deafening splash, In poured the whelming tide. I seized a belt, and with a prayer, I plunged into the wave; But in my fifth the seamen there Each found a wat'ry grave. Bleeding and torn, at length the foam Dashed me upon the shore; And then I vowed that I would roam Across the seas no more. For kings may terra firma share, But on the restless waves My sixth is ever monarch there, No other sway he craves. A., 8. PLArrs, Sheield, CHARADE. No. 13. "All change here for Brighton-Brighton i" What a noise those porters make I What a hideous bell to frighten, And to make the nervous quake. All the second whirling, whirling, Gloomy tunnels frowning dark, Smoky wreaths are round us curling, Brightened here by glittering spark, Firsts and hedges rolling-rolling, So it seems to us who ride ; Now we're stopping, bells are tolling, Heads at ev'ry carriage side. Once more onward rushing-rushing, Such a squeeze on every seat, All the fat old parties crushing, Treading on each other's feet. Engine whistles, shrieking-shrieking, Warning us that off we go, Wheels and hinges loudly creaking, Porters running to and fro, H, C, PsiT LOGOGRIPHI. No. 14. My first "to spoil" doth surely mean; But when 'tis turned around, A well-known animal is seen That's in our pastures found. My second is a metal bright, Which, though not coined at mints, Still, if my knowledge serves aright, Makes money for a prince. My whole's a well.known Christian name, And if you will transpose, An Irish town it will proclaim, Which every schoolboy knows, REVERSIONS, No. 15. My first's a substance that is used For sticking things, I ween; A thing for holding liquids, If reversed, will now be seen, D No. 16. An insect small you'll see in this; But if you turn it round, What means a strong taste will, I wis, By all of you be found. J,. G. Lkýs CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. When whole a Christian name am I; But take my heart away, If guessed by you, 'twill bring to view A Christian's hope and stay. W. H. ELa, HoloW DECAPITATION. No. 18. At this I've played, and often lost, As I kuno well and to my cost; Behead, if folks on it are bent, To prison they will sure be sept. G. GsANr, Petrsh