Our friend LOTTIE W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. SQUARE WORLDS. No. 1. Ah, Proserpino. poor, luckless maid, Sad was the hour when forth you strayed To gather flowers sweet and rare, That grew upon this plain so fair. I've second now. if third you'd find, To bring directly to your mind The map of Russia, and behold! The name of third at once is told. My last was first-strange that may sound; But what I mean will soon be found If you will think a minute-then My last you'll see wes first of min. LOI'TI NV., Briglhtln. ENIGMA., No. 2. On a bright summer day, when the s6ft winds are blowc:,i And the leaves fresh and green gently waft in the 1i) u-+, When the sun up above like a furnace is glowing, Oh, how brightly it shines o'er this vast plain of ours I Ye mortals, behold me in the high vault of heaven, As upwards ye gaze on ti e bright orb abovel Ne'er has my real length unto mankind been gtves, Though often explored by the wings of the dove. The sailor, when out on the surface of ocean, Where dangers beset him on every hand, Looks listless on me as the ship's rapid m rtion Bears him far away from his dear native land. See him stand on the deck, with his proud bosom heaving With pride, as his thoughts from all dangers are free, As his light, handsome cralt like an arrow Is cleaving Her way through the waves of the flerCo rolling sea. Beo'old yonder two mighty peaks in the distance, How lofty they stand 'twixt the earth and tile sky I 'Twixt the two you will find me in quiet existence; Supremely I reign there as in days gone by. Now ascend to the summit, and then cast your eyes on The beautiful scene that now lies far below; Then raise them ag tin t'wards the distant ilorizon I Once more in the sunlight I'm seen all aglow. So, ladies and gents, here, I think, while concluding, I'll throw a sweet kiss to all parties around, Though the ladtes I rather would kiss than sit brooding And writing such nonsen-e the whole season round. MsissItS. WALiKER. AND STEWART, Astley t-ee~O NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3 My name consists of letters ten, And I'm a merry sprite : I do my best to trick bad men, And always help the right. In 4, 2 5,1 you will read What means to spin or wind; And in 4 8, 3, 2 a seed You certainly will find. In 6. 7, 2.8, 3 you'll view The opposite of dear; Ann in my 1, 8,10, 6, 2 A weapon will appear. In 1, 5, 8 your eye will meet A kind of pasture ground d; 1, 8, 10, 5's a in rrow street; 3, 2, 8, l's a sound. In 4, 5, 8, 3 you will see What's done in harvest-time; A fruit 3, 2 8, 4 will be, Which finishes my rhyme. W. PFElnIIFEIt, MONOPHONE. No. 4. FIRST. Oh, what a tale it bears of joy and gladness I It conjures up a time of smiling mirth; Ah, stratngre to think that in its very madness To these ouchtntments it should o'er give birthl But stranger still to know it w.ll impart A4 times a pang unto the human heart I SECOND. When in our native city we are w'alking, This living soul in every thoroughfare Doth set uts off a-laughing or a-talking, When we perceive the form so blithe and fair. We censiure, but alesl we should not jeer At one who succours whoe our woes at' , arr,'. J. G. LUaIsuI;N. CHARADE. No. 5. As I was in the park, one day, I saw a first across the way, And I went o'er to wuere it lay; Bitt I soon found it would not stay, For when I came it ran away, But where it ran I cannot say, Last Friday I went out to dine, To have some chat with friends of mine, And smoke a pipe for auld lang sync Ssc'oad sounded, and with wintg We drank our healths; then. :s 'twas liue, We went to fish with rod and line. That day when I got home 'twas late. And Low I will to you relate To see a whole it was my fate; For next day I went out at elrht To pluck some flowers near a gate, To make bouquets for cnsin Kate. I gathered nimny wh ,le, bright blue; And now I bid you all adieu. H. M. DoN:; ,. t. DtI('A 1 I'T 2T1ON. `o. 6. To curl or cri=p tny wholo doth wean; But if you just behead, The haudl, of a printing-press You I henl will have instead. Behead again, but do it right, And then without a doubt, Qul.ck , youl sight will cornu to light A weight ; inowV sild it olt. LEuVI FREtuED.aKl.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 7. Fnendution Wor; s. My primals down a drink will view ; In primals, finals (strange. yet true) 'Tis made; so please to find it-do Not tarry. Cross Words. With one of my indulgent aunts I took a first across to France, In hopes a prince (what a romance I) To marry. Yes, riddlers keen, this will expound What means, I'm certain, to resound. Which you will quickly, I'll be bound, Descry. My last when found to mind will call, Without a doubt, an insect small. My rhyme is done; kind riddlers all, Good-bye. F. O'GR LY DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 8. Dear riddling friends and puzzlers all, Your kind attention now I call. A diamond puzzle I have here, But it is far too plain, I fear. First please a letter take from wind; The next's a word you ought to find ; It is composed of letters three, And is much used, as you will see. Bi y third's a piece of money, friend, Which you and I for Budgets spend; And you, no doubt, with me agree, A hero bold my fourth will be. My fifth is where the wheat is put, Whilst husks are trampled underfoot; With sixth a living some men earn, Though it the vulgar often spurn. For last a letter take from dead; The same is also found in bread. My central letters now will name A Budget hero of great fame HERBERT READ. ENIGMAi No. 9. I'm the author of good, I'm the author of harm; I'm the giver of pleasure, the cause of alarm I'm looked on with gladness,. and viewed with d2light ; I'm gazed on with terror and seen with affright. I'm a ravenous monster, all things I devour That have the misfortune to fall in my power; I make no distinconu,no mercy I show, A similar fate prince and peasant would know. Yet my terrible appetite's never appeased. Though I've swallowed a banquet and eaten a feast; But after you've fed me I'm worse than before, And clamour and make a disturbance for more, Still, I have my good parts with my bad, you will see; I've a mission of usefulness given to me. Without me, I fancy, but poorly you'd fare When your dinner or supper you went to prepare. At all seasons and times I am wanted, 'tis true- Indeed, indispensable all the year through- But now. when the winds of cold winter blow keen, I'm in greater request than I ever have been. T. L. HlEMi.ItY. DECAPITATION. No. 10. Attention, dear friend, if you kindle will lend T, me for not more than a minute, You quickly will see what this riddle will be, And all you'll find plain that's within it. And now, riddler kind, please recall to your mind A word which means not expressed clearly, Indefinite. too, and not telling to you What purport is meant by it really. Behead it no v, please, then a kind of disease is left; and while it you are guessing, I'll just say farewell, for I've no more to tell- But hope the right names you're expressing. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. MONOPHONE. No. 11. One day, afloat, I saw a boat Upon the briny ocean, And in its stern I could discern A this in great emotion. The wind was tough, the sea was rough, The waves would not keep quiet, While that poor lad, in manner sad, Disposed of that day's diet I wonder still why he so ill ihould be, and feebly sobbing, While, fr, e fro'u harm.without alarm, My second floated bobbing. With every wave a bob it gave. As though it were enjoyment; While leaning aft in his small craft, The first found sad employment. BINSTEAD AND CROYStIILL. CHARADE. \o. 12. Ever in the dewy morning First from grassy nest doth spring; Leaving earth, it soars to heaven Upwards on a rapid wing. See my next; 'tis with the huntsman Racing o'er the daisied mead; Watch him use it as he urges On his tired and laded steed. For my whole look in the garden Of my good friend Farmer Brown, And you'll find a prettier flow'ret Could not bloom in field or town. BRowN EYEs. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. What means to close for first put down ; To relieve for second indite; Third is a continent of renown ; For last a metal please write. W. PFEIF'ERn
MONOPHONE. No. 14. For first please take a luscious fruit, 'Tis liked by all of you, And it of first you had the next, Your one would turn to two. My third unto my first is done. N ow try these words to name I Although they different meanings have, '1 heir sounds are all the same. CoN CIREGAN. SQUARE WORDS, No. 15. 'Tis accomplished by the tooth ; And worshipped by the most uncouth ; And never this will gain you blame; And ever was a lady's name. S. YESSUB. REBUS. No. 16. y, rr/ , MAUD BROWN, Bootle. CHARADE. No. 17. My first in summer oft is seen, Before the light breeze waving green; Miy second I've no doubt will be This evening in your cup of tea. My whole will often bring relief Unto the loudest infant grief. G. E. STFE:LE. CURTAILMENT. No. 18. Dear riddlers, if you will curtail A market or a public sale, 'Twill quickly unto you declare What means to spoil or to impair. The operation please repeat, Your vision then is sure to meet One who's much loved by you and me; In that, I think, you will agree. W. 1'PEIJ. I.El RJKBITS, No. 1i.
ROLAND QUIZ. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 20. An English county behead and transpose, And a number it will then disclose; Then if you will change my head, What is used by clerks 'twill give instead. Next change tail, and you will find A vegetable's brought to mind; Change head once more and then, I ween, A Chinese plant Is quickly seen ; Transpose me now, and then I give That which we all must do to live. POT HOOK. No. 21. Young Folks, if it were not for me Where would our mighty I udget be ? I wonder what our Ed. would do ? I'm sure I cannot tell. k an you ? Now if you'll kindly take away My centre, then my vowels pray Reverse, you'll surely soon disclose A luscious fruit which each one knows. BINSTEA.D AND UIOYSDILL.
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c. OF LAST WEEK. I.-Fpot, pots, stop, post. 11.- Inkermann. 2.-Inn, in; at, hat; by, buy; 12.-Sprat. Thus: Sparrow ham, am ; to, too, two; I, Perch, Raven, Antelope, high. Tees. 3.-Perseverance.a 13.-Daughter-in-law. 4.-Sedan, Andes, Aden, 14.- D E A L Eden, Dee. 4 T A. 5.--Dew, hew, new, Jew, E TN Kew. sew. ANT S 6.-Folio, olio, loo, lo L A S T 7.- Blue, blew. 15.- N AM E 8 -Dog-cart. A G I B 9.-Spear, pear, ear. M I L 0 10.-Grant, rant, ant. E B 0 R