Our friend ANNIE STNTON to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. I've a neck, yet no head ; no feet, yet I stand; I can carry and hold, yet I ne'er had a hand; I'm as curious a fellow as e'er trod the earth: I shall always be funny, and was from my birth. When first I was made I was shiny and white. As I glanced in a mirror I laughed with delight; But, alas I for my pride, I was hurried away, Made to swallow some mixture much stronger than tay. My colour depend' on whatever I drink: Now I'm brown, or I'm green, I am black, I am pink ; Now placed on a table surrounded with pride; Now discarded as rubbish and thrown on one side. But dear cookie sees me as I lie on the path, Pops me into her apron, and gives me a bath; She is careful is cookie, and puts me away To be sold "to the man at the corner" next day. But at last I am done for-a crack in my side ; As I lie by the river, I'm drenched by the tide; Kind waves, you have washed me as clean as before, To yonder green bear me to die on the shore. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. CHARADES. No. 2. Old King Cole first last his throne A long, long time ago; Said he, "I hope the battle's won; if not, I'd like to know." In rushed Prince Cinder cr' ing out, " I hope the news you've heard The but le's won I" The king in doubt, Said, "Second that a third ?" "' Tis so, indeed," the prince replied. " Who led the men? " asked Cole. " Why, fourth, none else," Prince Cinder cried. ' He trusts he's given whole." Jim. No. 3. When the rosy light of morn Faintly hovered round the corn, When the dus'y night had fled, Ev'ry first itself outspread. In the lane a maiden fair Reached to last a rose-first rare ; From its leafy place of rest Soon the precious prize she prest. When 'tis snowing, when earth's green, In all seasons total's seen ; Round the heart a spell it weaves, Has no first, yet many leaves. F. W. P]TCIELL. No. 4. While walking out the other day, Along with little Fred. I saw a stylish gentleman With first placed on his head. When first I met this gentleman, A gaudy gig he drove; 'Twas painted, oh, so gaily, In second, green, and mauve. The two, when joined together, Will bring a word to view Which, I assure you, young friends, I do not bear to you. J. 8. HIcKMAN, Hammersmith. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 5 I am an assembly, composed.of letters ten, And my whole comnprises some very clever men; My 2, 1. 8, together joined, an animal will show; And 7, 5, 4, 8 is a measure of length, I trow; Next. 1, 2, 4, 7 is a plant, in Eastern countries grown; And 1. 8, 2, 3, 4 will give a precious stone; A Chin soe plant is made by joining 10, 8, 2; 'I hen 1, 8, 2, 3 will bring a fruit to view: For 9, 2. 1, 5, 8, 3 a general's name is seen; And 3, 5. 1, 4, 8, 10 is a running stream; Join 10, 5. 9, and make a metal of renown; And 9, 6, 10, 6, 4 will give a foreign town; Now join 8. 4, 7, and I am a kind of. tree; And in 8, 2, 3, 4 a title you will see; My 4, 5, 1, if joined aright, will give part of the face; And in 1, 8, 2 a vegetable trace; 3, 2, 10 is an animal which resembles a mouse ; And 10, 5, 4, 8 is used to cover a house. POT HOOK. ACROSTIC. No. 6. Cross Words. A continent, a large one, too; This country's also in it; A European country this You'll see in half a minute. This contains a continent; And this part of Great Britain; About this country much of late Has been both read and written. This fertile country has increased The title of our gracious Queen; Last a dominion in the west, To Britain it belongs, I ween. Foundation Word. These cross words strange, though wide of range, Are all in this primals like pigs in a poke; But I have no doubt, wh n you find it out, You'll see that it's only a joke. J. MYEns, Dalton-in-Furness. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 7. A female's name if you behead and transpose, A refreshing beverage it will then disclose. SIR W. LISTER, Bees on Hill. No. 8. A mountain range If you transpose, A famous siege It will disclose. Behead. transpose, And then, : trow, A kind of priest It will then show. HAL PAIaeEn.
DECAPITATIONS, No. 9. If from this bird You take the head, You then will make A row instead. T 'W. R., Allenheadi No. 10. A piece of leather please behead ( Tis used to bind or fasten tight'y), And then, I know.you'll have instead What proves the death of vermin nightly. Behead ores more, if you don't mind, Then, if you guess this puzzle rightly, You'll hav'e what on your head, you'd find, You would not like, however lightly. LOTTY W., Brighton.,
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 11. ANON.
CENTRAL DELETIONS, No. 12. From the name of a town if you the centre delete, another town you'll have complete. PRINOce ZAMBrINI, Everton. No. 13. Down in the depths of some southern seas My whole you'll often view; The centre delote, and a fuel you'll find, Well-known it is to you. TOR. CURTAILMEN1TS. No. 14. A word meaning trust if you curtail, A kind of plant you'll have without fail. ROBIN HOOD. No.16. My whole you'll spy up in the sky; Curtail, and then, I ween, A well-known joiner's tool will soon By all of you be seen. H. BEYNON, Bristol.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 16. Ga .o
VERBAL CHARADE. No. 17. My first is in black, but not in white; My second's in sun, but not in light; My third is in drain, but not in sewer; My fourth is in mug, but not in ewer; Mly fifth is in head, but not in tail; My last is in white, but not in pale. If you these letters place aright, A magazine will come to sight. R. E. D., Exmcuth. METAGRAMS. No. 18. A town in Scotland, you change head, And a town in Shetland you'll have instead. J. S. IIoxnAN, Hammersmith. No.19. The name of a fish if you change head; A sort of spice you'll have instead: Change head aguin, and you'll surey see That a part of ypur body I now will be; A gain change head. and if done iright, Wh;.t ladies wear will come to sight. PRIN0E ZAMBINIE, Everton.
1'YRAMID PUZZLE, No. 20. My first is in the colour green; And next a point of time is seen: An English town my third will be; For fourth part of a church you'll see An English town my last plainly shows, And now my pyramid I mnst close, So read the centrals down, and you'll seo A riddler's name oft seen in the Y. Fp, y SQUARE WORDS. POT Root No. 21 -A passage; superficial contents; a marine nimal; a substance used for preserving.-W. e ai No. 22.-A kind of fruit; a river in Ireland: a girl's Christian name; a kind of dance.-J. H. OGA vx, Cairlck. No. 23. My first is a part of a chain, 'Tis often made out of my second; My third and fourth are parts of your frame, If rightly I have reckoned. F. A. CORDRey, Sniplake. DIAMOND PUZZLES No. 24. A consonant my first will show, Which will be found in gnome; Next is an animal, I trow, That is in every home. A female's name for next put down, And search it o'er with care; For fourth put down an English town, And see how then you fare. My fifth's a celebrated town, In England it is found Its fame, I think, will not go down, For hops grownmiles around. My next are gentlumei who rule Schools, kingdoms, nations all; My next is only what a fool: Would do without a call. For eighthplpase.putoa number, it is ndt very high; -' " For.last oneasixth of lumber, And see what onu espy. And now, dear reader I must say That if-yon'rda'd this right A celebrated English town Will surely come to sight. J. 8:.HiIOKHa r, Hammersmith, No. 2 5. This diamond; todommenco aright, I equires one.ffth of Spain; And next you ery. soon would be If caught oit in ther-ain. The time is once more coming round When next'siin"great demand; And, also. when my next.will. spread Rough wings o'er sea and land. This names a portion of the year That we may soon eipect; And if it comes in'stdrmy, 'Tis'no good to ido my next., But this has grown so strong with us We always willl cmplain, And if the weather's dry and warm We ofttimes wish for rain. An insect this, it is well-known, No idle moments spend; One-sixth of Winter now will bring This diamoqd to an end. The centrals, read across and down, Of autumn time will toll, When it appears then summer has Ones more bid us far well. J. 3vYERa, salton-in.Furnesa ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o,, OF LAST WWI EK. 1.-Honey-suckle. 16.-Mark, mar. 2 -Flowers. 'I hus: Flirt, 17.--.usio hath charms to Lend, Oberon, Wishing, soothe the savage breast. Eggs, Riddling page, Sweet ;18.-Reef, free (suite). .19.-Sample, ample, lamp, 3.-Curtain, palm. pal, lap. 4 -Anne, Mary. Thus : 20.-Pink, nip. AmsterdaM, NubiA, 21.-Nen. NepieR, EmiLY. 22.-Pah, nap. ..-The letter E. 28.-Wellington. 6.-Agate 24.- C 7.-Hippopotamus, rhino- A P E ceros, lioness, antelope, O R E E K mastiff, tiger. C P E A R CE .--Hol~t, host. P ERTH 9 -Gaf', Gy. I CE I0.-Frome, Rome.' . E i 1.-Ravine, vine 25.-Kells, Wells. 12.-Seize opportunities before 26.-Tay, fay, day, jay. they pass. 27.-Ab-ba. 13.-Ewe. 28.-Fish-hawk. 14 -Gig. S29.Selph-rated. 15 --China, chin. :0.- A IRE GLIDE READING R INGD OV.ES OALOULA ION ARCO I TE TURAL AUTHORITATIVELY AR I DDLET'OURiNAME NT CON GRAT L. A T.I ON s HEREFORDSH IRE MAIDENSHA IR THRE.A.TFUL STA MPED REEDS AND -- -- T