Our friend LOTTIE W. to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE T.O U RNAM ENT. SQUARE WORDS. No. 1. We've had it very, very cold, And much of first, you will agree. To-day the ice will bear, I'm told; The pond is frozen quite, I see. And look, the little Greys are there, All second for a jolly skate; There's May and Fred, and Roy, and Clare- Yes, every one excepting Kate. Poor little girl, she does not dare To venture on the treacherous ice; Third was enough, she'll still declare, And always will for her suffice. Last fourth-at least, I think 'twas then Or just about that time-she said, While sliding, down she fell, since when She's held the ice in mortal dread. LOrrCE W., Brighton. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. The consonant forming my first Is found in bedabble and dumb; When shackles of second are burst, A stamp to your vision will come. In third you will witness a tree- A foreign one, I must confess; A window in fourth you will see; A fish for my fifth please to guess. A verb you must write for my next, Denoting distorted or bent; By last you will not be perplexed, 'Tis found in stupendous and pent, And now, if the centrals you trace From top unto bottom, 'tis plain The name of a bird you will face. Farewell till I meet you again. E. BAXTER, MONOPHONE. No. 3. FIRST. With ladies I am known to stray, And I am vain enough to say They like nor would wish me away, For homage to their charms I pay. I o'er them exercise a sway, And never will my power decay. SECOND. Now, on the other hand, I say That ladies with me often play; To bend me well they know thei way. And this should cause you no dismay, For maidens, too, like to be gay, And often fond are of display: And so they, in coquettish way, Will wear and sport me all the day. W. KEARnvEY, Booile, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation WVords. Primals and finals bring to sight An authoress of fame; We read her tales with great delight., Now try to find her name. Cross Words. An animal herein is found; Transpose, and it will heal the wound, A host of men my next will name; Curtail, and 'tis part of your frame. The weather's this and cold and keen; Transpose, and still the same is seen. A measure of cloth in this you'll see; Reverse,'twill a conveyance be. My last's an English river's name; Read backwards, and 'tis just the same. W. Pb'IIEvR, CHARADE. No. 5. Bright shines the morning sun, Soon shall his goal be won, Ending in night; While spacious primal's hue Is of the fairest blue, Cloudless and bright. From fields of streaming corn, Second, to meet the morn, fleavenward flies- Higher, yet higher still, When his sweet, distant trill Tremulously dies. Rising on airy wing, Gentle and guileless thing, Total I see; E'en now his voice I hear Chanting distinct and clear His melody. J. CHARLES, Belfast. DECAPITATION. No. 6. A name which girls do often bear, If you will please behead, Another word for running match, You then will have instead. Behead again, and soon you'll see A card well known to you. Now, leaving you this con. to solve, I1iddlers, I'll say adieu. CONconInA. RE ERSION. No. 7. My head contains no sense or brains, But still I'm sharp a(nd bright; Now turn me round, and I'll be bound A pinch will come to sight. lsINeSTEAD AND CROYSDILL.
DECAPITATION. No. 8. A transparent substance if you behead, A maiden you will have instead; Behead it again, and you will find That an animal will be brought to mind. W. GooDwINs. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. My first we could not live without, Of that I've not the slightest doubt; And now transpose, and you will trace What's worn by men upon the face. C. BARKER, ENIGMA, No. 10. No more, nor less ; Not 'neath, nor o'er you ; If run, possess No place before you. S. YPssUs.
REBUS. No,. 11. 1)t LILY BRoWN, Bootle.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. My whole means to grieve, As you may perceive; But if from it you take the heart, A part of the day, I'm sure you will say, Before your eyes then there will start. W. PFEIFFER, DELETION. No. 13. Come, solvers, solve this con for me; I'm sure you'll do it easily. Whole is a bird we all well know, One letter lose, it then will show Aun animal well known to you- In fact, none could without it do. F. O'GRADY, Balbriggan.
REBUS. No. 14. BILL WEBB.
MONOPHONE. No. 15. FIRST. "Where are you going, Jem ?" I asked. " To Scotland," he replied. "Which county ?" then I asked again. "To first," he softly sighed. SECOND. "Why are you going there, my friend P" " For change of last," he said. "I've had disease in my right lung, And have been almost dead." F. RIDLEY, CURTAILMENT, No. 16. This in our B. each week have we- I'm sure 'tis known to you; Deprive of tail, and you will see A portion comes to view. J. TROWSDALE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. For first part of the head put down; My next a Christian name will be; For third a grain will now be found, Which will end my con,, you'll see. ALBERT E. U.
SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. My travels are but few, but they are such As may be interesting unto you; For in my travels I've both met with Dutch, The sons of wild first, and the rich Hindoo. I've seen the Esquimaux in Iceland drear, Beheld them e'en within their icy home; I've seen our noble conquerors without fear, Yes, e'en the second, sons of noble Rome. The swarthy black I've seen 'neath southern sun, Toiling from morn till night. Sad tales I've heard Against that race; but my distrust is done, And to that tortured race I'll make my third. Through Italy I've been, that famous land; I've seen its beauties and its brigands too. Yes, though it may be picturesque and grand, You're never sure when you a fourth may view. I've seen a noble fifth in all his pride, And proud he is when under no restraint; With graceful mien, he walks with stately stride, In all his pride of feathers, beads, and paint. I've seen- But stay I no matter what I've seen, Your patience now no longer I will try. For you will give your last (transposed), I ween, That I'm a traveller of notoriety. J. MYERS, Dalton-in.Furness, PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 19. For first put down one-fifth of shorn; Second on the head is worn; Third's a useful thing indeed, A thing of which we have great need; For fourth you won't have far to seek- We've read about him every week; A fifth has anxiously been sought, And one, I hope, you all have got. Centrals make a very rich dress; But, now, adieu says ALEX. S. DECAPITATION, No. 20. Pertaining to you, my Young Folks; Take the head off it, Pertaining to us now, I think, Stays instead of it. GEORGE G. REVERSION. No. 21. The Budget day came round again, I caught it up with glee, And found that I had first a place In the charming Young Folk's B. My first turn round, the present time Will surely come to view. And now, clear friends, I think that's all I have to say to you. THREE LITTLE KITTENS. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 22. Rehe oils uro gevsnoeri drol hbet gnki, Soehw rdow on amu sleeir no, Woh evenr disa a loohisf night, Dan reevn idd a siew eon. MEssss. FASKER AND SIaON.