Our friend LOTTIE W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL HEXAGON PUZZLE. No. 1. M y friends, once more 'tie Budget day, A nd to amuse you I'll essay. -R esolved with con. acrost cal (V ague must it be) to puzzle all. Excuse all faults, my best I'll do, L eat you phould say I weary you. L ook ftrst--oh, dear I some German bands Are putting up their horrid stands N ear to this house Oh, what a riotl D istracting minstrels, do be quiet, O r I can ne'er, without a doubt, R emembeit what my con.'s about. W ell, they are gone. What a relief I s quiet I But, alas I 'tis brief. N ow, then the kitteni's on the table, F risking as much as she is able. R un off, Miss Puss, atoncel You won't ? E xpect no mercy if you don't. D elightful I Now all noise is past, S o I'll begin, or, mad at last, W ill all you riddlersit l :i rage, Sust In flrol every puzzle palce. N ow flrst's a funny kind of creature D isliking light-I think in feature R eseniblin-e mutch a lit: le moune ; O Id hollow trees serve for its house. T dlovely this had Gl e dy-Maw; S ohuge it was with pondt rous jaw. W n ne'ercould do witiiho.t illy next, A nd. oh, the .d. would uo perplex'd N o more their writings to receive. D isconsola e, methinks he'd gr :vo. E tee (happy thought) himself supply R ich stores of wit and p oetry. I f pears or apples yoau divide, N ext always may be found inside. G ood fr ends, my last means to Inquire, S Q farewell all, I *111 retire. LOTTIl, W., lr-ighiton. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 2. Miss May was an eoxcellent singer, She sung asweet cardl in E. My joy was immense ; for I thought that IJer words were meant only for me. The song was a sweet declaration Of that wli:eh 1 loved most to hear; My heart was in quick palpit:tion When she sung so shrill, lold, and yet clear. I thought to myself, "Oh, Dick Delmnar, That song has put you in a trance " Just thou the fair one loft off singing, And music commenced for a dae cc. I asked her to dance as my partner, For she was so graceful ard slim- " Audacity l" (w hat a dishuart'ner l) " I'm going to dance with my Jem I" That handsome and well-dressed Jem Manning I envied with a:l my poor heart, As, with the fair one leaning on him, In polka and valso he tooK part. Then, looking as wise as a Mopsus, And of all good humour bereft. I, feeling down-hearted and lonely, That very gay party soon left. And now, just a short kind of moral To this mi sad tale 1'll append; To ev'ry young damsel you fancy Your heart or affcctio. s don't lend. You've seen how she served my affection, To flirt with that horrible Join. I'm another man forth from this day, sir; Asfoi girls, I have now done with them. 'Tw a very hard for me to tell the tile which you have read above, I have not done it very well, Dick's hist'ry of rejected love ; It's just as it was tole to me, and, if well into it you pry, A girl'is ntme; hidden there by me, in each and ev'ry verse 6fit'il spy. F. W. BINSTE .al. METAGERAM. No. 3. Change head of a certain tree, And a vapour the answer will be ; Chaigge again, and brhig into light A Hebrtw or an Icraelito; Repeat the cha:nge, and behold How I like all our wares to be so:d; Change, riddler, again, and h1 I Not many I think it will show. Do the saume on.e again, and in p.aco The part of a church you must trace o; Change nce more, and thou, I've a notion, I'm a bird very fond of the ocean. W. ALEXANDER. LOGOORIPII. N o. 4. When whole, you'll agree Very odd I will be, Laughed at. and justly, by every degree; Take one letter from me, Then tran-pose, and you'll see I retain the same meaning entire y. J. MYERB, Dalton-in-Furness. TRANSPOSITION. No. b. My whole. wll bring to view a word 'that liseani to persevere; Transpose, asd what mpapls sti'eaks orlines In answer will appear. A. H. SCALES. DECAPITATION.. No. 6. You never, derit riddlers, are:wiatfng the whole, Betfre you do feel wbchUibehdided But then to refeive it-is lirduer satill gbt, Though thhd'taking miaay+ i .l;l 'b dreaded... T. L l1EgtaRY.
CHAR ADE. No. 7. Down by Crossbarry river fair I love to rove at eve ti e, When Flora's gems a.l lirst and rare Are strewed along the mountain side. Upon a lovely eve in May, Along its banks I chanced to rove To view the meadows green and gay, And hear the songsters in the grove. While -trolling on the verdant banks 1 chanced to meet a ma den far; Her cheeks ,"ere like my last in June, And Lolden was her wavy hair. She handed me, at my request, A t*,tal,beautiful-and gay, I took ald pinned it to my breast, For she had stol'n my heat t away. J. O'.ýiARONEY, Cork, REBUS. No. 8. Bi-CooG. ENIGMA. No. 9. We are cooked, we are eaten, we're bought, we are sold, We are black,we are white, we are hot. we are cold, We are long, we are short, we are large, we are small, We are principal acts rs at every ball ; We are seen in each palace, we're found in each home- Nay I in fact, you may see us wher ver you roam. Here at home, or abroad,upon land or at sea, Wheresoe'er you may wander, there also are we. To :.ttempt at descr bing the parts we possess, Without mentioning fish, would he vain, w." confess; For, although we are flesh. you will certainly find That about us are fish, and of more than one kind; While another part names, if your search it will aid, What are used by a Joiner at work at his trade ; You can see us here weekly-in fact, we'll engage There are more than a hundred of us on this page. V. R. CARLOss, Birkenhead.
SiCTAGRAM. No. 10. A famed Budget hero behead and transpose, And the name of a boy it will surely disclose. SAMUEL. REBUS. No. 11. A mn st t his cotae door, ti' RIEsIGE BEER. CHARADE. No. 12. A man sat at his coftace door, And a whole was by his side; It was the youngest one of four, For he hed three beside. His coat was fast becoming first, And haggard was his look; Said he, 'I'm almost dead with thirst; I'll quench it at the brook." When coming back across the lea, He met his scold ng wife. "You are a lazy next," said she, " And the torment of my life." BURYITE. LOGOGRIPH. No 13. My first, when reversed, on your face you'll peroeive; My second is not very high ; And when you feel weary or tired, I believe My whole all your wants will supply. T. L. H EMERY. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 14. A thing for raising heavy weights; Its centre now delete, To mock or laugh at any one la what 7ou'l have complete. J. A. STVTeNS
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 15. FPmmuation Words. A talent for music he surely has got, The man I'm presenting to you ; My prituals and finals read downwards, I wot, Will bring the musician to view. Cross Words. This is seen daily by most of you here, And that you, too., quickly must own Has carried the public for many a year Through the principal streets of the town. Nothing less than a ki, g will I take for my next, Or, rather, his name I should rightly say, Thou h for plagiarizing it he might be vex'd; But I11 chance it, for he's far away. A very large animal this is, I ween, Though not very often seen here; So please find it out, you must know what I mean, For no more will I tell you, that's clear. A girl's Christian name for my next I will take, And guess it I think that you may; So now my obeisance I think I will make, By wishing you all a good day. MESSRS. WALKER AND bTEWART, Astley Green. ENIGMA. No. 16 Before you all, Young Folks, I lie, Though you can't see me with your eye; You sometimes try to fathom me- But that mpossible would be. Enveloped in a ve I am I, Mysterioun. vague. and shadowy; Some think of me without a fear, Whilst others think me cold and drear. I hold for some both we Ith and power; For others many a weary hour; For some distinction, praise, and fame, A noble life, an honoured name. ily gilts to all are not so kind, Misfortune tortures many a mind; I give them little mirth or joy, And many griefs and cares annoy. Sometimes before your glowing eyes Fair visions of me fondly rise, And I'm in brightest colours dressed: Though sometimes too, when you're oppressed, I take a very sombre hue, And am no longer fair to view. I have no form, nor yet a shape, And from me no one can escape; I shall exist till all things die, Enshrouded in deep mystery. FLosSlE B., Manchester. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 17. My first at the head of horse is seen- A very useful beast, I ween. In my second a kind of grass is shown, Which, in lieu of wheat, in Scotland is grown. In balmy Spain my third is found, Where such in plenty long abound. When sailing o'er the stormy sea The fisher always carries me. My last is found at the head of niche, A recess surrounded by tracery rich. L. DE VERE. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. My first you'll see is a pace or degree; My next is to pull asunder; My third you'll perceive doth mean to relieve; And my last is the victim of plunder. H. BEYNON, Bristol. No. 19. F:rst is renowned for its very small eye; In next a Greek poet is what you'll descry; In i bird you will find what will e'er end in death; And in last Adam breathed his earliest breath. T. H. JACKSON, London, CURTAILMENT. No. 20. Curtail a poem or a lay, A relative 'twill then display; And if you please curtail again, An adverb then I know is plain. A. H. SCALES. ANAGRAM. No. 21 Lahi ot beet, ebhtil tispir- Drib huto veren twer- Hatt term haneve ro rane ti, Stroupe hyt lulf earth Ni irousep risants so deditprutangene tar. L. D. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Fire-works. 15.- C R 0 W 2.-Garden Thus: Glitter, R A V E Apple Revelation,Dilemma, O VA L Evident. Nay neigh). W E L L 3.- Price, rice, ice. 4.-Eden, need. 16.- E Y E S 5.- Stone. Y U L E 6.-Young. E L L A 7.-Molasses. E A L 8 -Grace, race, ace. 17.-Bosom, be m. 9.-Wheat, beat, eat, tea. 18.-Basin (a sin). 10.-Articulate. 19.-Noon. 11 I.-Cap, car, eat, caw. 20.-London, York, Belfast. 12.-Spare, spar, Spa. 21.-There's none will weep 13.- G R A Y for thy distress, R 0 E Though friends stand firm A S I A and true; Y E BA For in the tangled wilderness 14.-4ala-man-der. They bleed and battle too.