Our friend T. L. HEsERY to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. No. 1. Introductory. The Tournament is ready now for earning Sphinxite fame, And loud the herald's trumpet-blast a challenge doth proclaim. What gallant knight desires to try and make himself a name ? Ha I forward rides a champion bold on Resolution's steed; In mail of Perseverance, thus achieved is many a deed; And he, thus gallantly equipped, will surely now succeed. The spears of Wit are laid in rest, the charge the trumpets sound; The horses meet; the shook, terrific, hurls one to the ground, While loud the ringing cheers break forth from galleries around. Folmdation Words. A hero brave, a hero bold; a most chivalrous tale, Wherein is shown how Right o'er Might must in the end prevail, And Virtueover Wrong to gain the Vict'ry never fail Among admired heroes thou art one the most admired; With warm enthusiasm making each one feel inspired, As interest for thy doings for a moment never tired. For though of fancy thou wast born, 'twill ever seem to be, When thinking of those doughty deeds that were performed by thee, As if thou truly wast indeed a live reality. Cross Words. An Fnglish king, infamous fame Iis name entwines; A Saxon king, around whose name Good memory shines. To many pleasure and delight it will afford ; Then next goes bravely forth to fight Upon the board. A iiction, trouble, grief, remorse, Each will itbring ; And, with a strong, impulsive force, . From next upspring. Who on the seas, long time ago, Sole monarch reigned, While many a next o'er many a foe Was often gaine'. With bad intent e'er cometh he With breezes keen; IHe kills the rose, and from the tree Next robbed is seen. To honour, wealth, and fame thlls will The poorest raise ; And iii it next might well fulfil A teacher's place. When night and darkness o'er ius stal, All this does ceaso; For next the busy woi Id doth feel, So lays in peace. T. L. HIECIERY. REVERSIONS. No. 2. Part of a ship please turn around, And. if I'm right,'t's true A venetable will be found Which must be known to you. GEORGE G. No. 3. I have a riddle small for you, I'll tell you what it is: A gentle blow reversed by you, l he same 'twill mean, I wis. SILVRnsTARn. No. 4. The little children, two-year old, Often call their father this; But turn it round, 'twill then be found You'll have the same again, I wis. H. H. ADAAIS, Chelsea. CENTRAL DELETIONS, No. 5. Take the centre away from part of your frame, And a spar of a ship it will instantly name. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE, London. No. 6. A girl's Christian name, its centre delete. And periods of time you'll have complete. S. FRANKLIN, allnchest(r. ACROSTICAL PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 7. F irst a letter you must trace, W hich is seen in hand and face; S Below the earth, in mines, I ween, I s my second often seen ; Next in Budgeh page, if you S eek, you'll fourth his portrait true; T, ake up your map of England dear, E xamine it, for last Is here. A character of Budget fame, D ear riddlers, will my'centrals name. LOTTY WV., Brighton.
ACROSTICAL CHARADE. No. 8. F Irst flow'r was drooping on the plain, A nd trembling sigh'd for third of rain; I to petals flutter'd as the breeze, 'R edolent, softly sang. The bees, L aden with honey, to and fro, O 'er scatter'd daisies white as snow, T ravell'd throughout the livelong day '1' o where their busy homesteads lay. Y es, evening came, and zephyrs cool A long the moonlit meadow stole. N o flow'r but closed its petals fair, D istended in the noontide glare. B oft as the eve from heaven fell, O n every fiow'r that rais'd its bell, P ure third of second total clear, H arbour'd within the flow'r. A tear I s all it was. First next it bade, E 'en as the morn dispell'd the shade; W inds bore it from each bud and blade. F. W. PETCIIELL. DECAPITATIONS. No. 9. Your anxious mother gives you this, It's neither large nor thick; If you behead it, it will show What you are when you're sick. J. B. No. 10. Now, riddlers, one and all, Come forth your skill to show, Anl penetrate this mystery ; It will be done, I know. lly whole means to descend; But if you it behead, Oh, wondrous change, you now will find A liquid there instead. W. P. WILLIAMS, Ilolywell. PROVERB REBUS. No. 11. , . F. W. PETCIIELL. TRANSPOSITION. No. 12. A word for "yes," which you well know, Transposed, but done aright, Will bring another word, I trow, Which means the same to sight. GEORGE G. CONUNDRUM. No. 13. All riddlers who these lines peruse. I pray you, use your best discretion, And tell me what a man may lose, Though never 'twas in his possession. F. W. BINSTEAD. OMEGR AM. No. 14. Whole is a well-known insect; Change tail, and you shall see A name for a Turkish governdr I then will truly be ; Once more change tail, but do it right, And a boy's name will come to sight POLYDOBE. METAGRAMS. No. 15. My whole a useful metal Is; But if you change the head, I wis, A word for noise you then will see; Change head, relation it will be ; Another head, now guess aright, Part of a fish will come to sight. MORGAN LA FAY. No. 16. Whole, I am a kind of hose; Change head, and a safeguard I disclose, Which, if you again change head. A kind of wine 'twill give instead; Change headcance more, and you will see A'well-known bird I'm sure to be; Another change of head create, And I mean to imitate. POT HOOK. No. 17. SMy whole, you'll find. is made of card; But if. you change its head, Why, then, you'll find, if done aright, A stump you'll have instead. J. A. STEVENS. LOGOGRIPH. No. 18. I'm a plant, you'll perceive, and the emblem of peace; Behead and reverse me, what is wicked is this; With correctness, oL course,-now, my young friends, transpose, And what is base or mean I will surely disclose; Now curtail and transpose me-but, mind, do it right- And appear will the number four twelves and one eight. BRATER BEAG, Darlington.
DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No.19. Foundation Words. Two poets I give you to unearth, One was of lowly, one of noble birth; The peasant sang in ancient Scotia's praise ; The peer, of Alpine crags and Grecian lays. Like years they numbered ; but ere those had flown, Misfortune claimed each poet for her own. Oross Words. To knights of old I'd be a need; I point a spear, I am a steed. I do not like thy face, I wis, I really think thy face is this. A Czar, a Shah, a president, dictator: Yet makes the lines of humble schoolboys straighter. Knowest thou the man, my worthy riddler, Imperial, incendiary, and fiddler P When black, a rara avis, save 'neath Australian skies; He sings but one sad, mournful song, and then he aies. R. W. BOYD. ARITHMOREM. No, 20. 1500 and rodtoen - An English town 102 ,, swhp = "1100 ,, atesrhne 1 ,, nterhp 51 ,, lyek 100 , trocntfap 100 ,, tospetr = 51 ,, tesoku = 1001 ,, gotonath = A Budget hero. Boz. PUZZLE. No. 21. A liquid find, Now bring to mind A flower--call it white; Coununct the two, It now is true Another flower's in sight. GEonRGE 1G. CHARADES. No. 22. First, as a quadruped behold ; Transposed, part of the human frame; My Second as your share is told, Read backwards, then avoid the same. My whole is raised as a defence, When cruel war seems near at hand; Long may old England's influence Keep all invaders from our land. J. L., Lambeth. ''~:-~6. 25---路~- 4''路路-- --- -路 A name for mother my first will be; Next means request, as-you will see ; A well-known flower for last I claim, And my whole and last are both the same. JOHN SMYWrH. SQUARE WORDS. No. 24. Myfirst sails bravely o'er the sea; In next an animal you'll spy: My third a metal hard will be ; Fourth at the stationer's we buy. F. A. CoanastrY, Shiplake. ACROSTICAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 25. T ry first a letter you'll find 4n tea ; E ver a negative this must be; S uch merry games with these we play, T o make the evenings pass away; I n this a boy's name you'll see; MI y next a pretty flower will b3; O ften by this a message is sent; N ext the name of a riddle is meant; I n this is seen a Budget tale, A nd that to read we never fail; L o, hidden here consent will be ; C onnected here like one are we; A 11 over London these do stand, R ising still on every hand; D uring the summer this game is seen, O ft playgd by Young Folks on the green; F or next put down an animal small; M uch used is this metal, and useful to all; E asy enough is this letter to find; Read down and across, and a tale bring to mind, I n the Budget 'twill be, also who it is by. T o puzzle my readers I'll no longer try. ALICE PARTING, Hornsey. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK 1.-Spar-row. 17.--Pope. Thus: Purr, 2.-Little boats should keep Orange, Port, Eton. near shore. 18.-Ethel-red. 3 -Turn, urn. 19 -Work-man-ship. 4.--Flash, lash, ash. 20.-Child-hood. 5.-Nun. - 2 -Milton, Cowper. Thus: 6.--Bark. agi, IntagliO, LaW, 7.-Mary, mar, ma. IuliP, OrangE, NectaRl 8.-View, vie. vi., viii. 22.-Cork, rock. 9.-Tiger, tier. 23.-Leather, tale, teal, late, 10.--Negro, Nero. her, he. 11.-Chin, shin. 24.-Wing, gin. 12.-Roach, coach, poach. 25.-Pipe, pie. 13.-Olive, alive. 26.-Don't crow till you are 14 -Mart, tram. out of the wood. 15.-Ned. den. . 27.-Pin, pig, pie,pix, pip,pit. 16.-Skipton. 28.-Pleasure,