Our friend BaowN-EYES to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONE. No. 1.
She watches for first, to her heart so dear, So noble and valiant a proeu chevalier, And he comes, and a sweet blush o'erspreads her fair brow; Surely none are so happy as those lovers now. Down by the river-the ioe.mantled river, Where the chilling breeze makes her slender form shiver, Wanders Lady Maud this cold, dreary last, Her hopes buried all in the dead happy past, And the tender, glad light from her dusky eyes fled. On a foreign coast lies her loved first dead. BRowN-EYES. SQUARE WORDS. No. 2, " Come, Kate, to the first let us hasten away- The first where the bluebells do grow, For we shall be happy, contented, and gay 'Mongst sweet.scented flow'rets, you know. "And when we have gathered some pretty bouquets, We'll run to you cot on the hill, Leave one of the posies at poor widow May's, Because she is second and ill." So off ran the girls, Esther taking the third, Kate following close in the rear, And peals of gay laughter are frequently heard, As quickly the bluebells they near. The nosegays are gathered, the girls now intend To rest by a brook running past, Which flows along gently, till, near at the end, It whirls round and round in a last. CoNConDIa. METAGRAM. No. 3. 'Twas one evening in winter when young Farmer Giles, Who was very much tired with working and trouble, Reached his home with delight, for he'd tramped many miles, And saw that his good wife received him with smiles, And his tea on the fire did simmer and bubble. When his meal he had ended he took up the first, And, as usual, perused it with vigilant eyes. Exclamations of joy very soon from him burst, His wife, too, in gladness was quickly immersed, For their fat pig had gained the first prize. But, alas I Farmer Giles, in his joy, cut a second, And threw o'er the third, which was then on the table. He was burned in a way on which he had not reckoned, The skin was all singed from the back of his neck, and 'Twas some time before he to work did feel able. H. W. CAVILL, Luton. ACROSTICAL CENTRAL ACROSTIC,. No. 4. Foundation Word. R iddlers, bards, and solvers keen, E very central please unscreeu; W hat we should do (downwards read), A 11, at least, who wish " to lead." Cross Words. R ightly here a drink is reckoned; D earest riddlers, ne'er do second; S ome won't next reward to gain- W itty solvers, make it plain; E very one this town should know, E ngland' s map its name will show; T ry and scan this metal's name, E very soldier uses same; N earest friends oft sixth, we know, S adly o'er my next to go, L eaving those they love behind; A poet this will bring to mind; B ut here a riddler you must seek, 0 'er his cons. I pore each week. U ntil centrals you can pen, R iddlers, strive and strive again. F. O'GRADY, Balbriggan. CHARADE. No. 5. Sings the maiden gay and sweetly, As though free from every care, Heedless of time passing fleetly, Soon to tinge that golden hair. See, the maiden now approaches Near unto the trysting.tree, Greets her beau with soft reproaches. " Why so cold, lass ?" queries he. Sol's sweet rays are softly beaming O'er the seconds bright and rare, 'Midst the verdant meadows, seeming As 'twould bid them not despair. See, the lovers now are parting, He to fondly say good.bye; Tears from her blue eyes are starting. " Nay, sweet maiden, do not cry." Birds amid the trees are singing, Leaves sway gently to and fro, First, much joy unto them bringing By its ever-welcome glow. See, the maiden now appearing Once more by the trysting-tree, Radiant in her looks endearing, Knowing soon she'll happy be. Bluebells swaying, as if knowing Fairer flower could not be found; Zephyrs cool around are blowing, Wavy grass bends to the ground. See the lovers now returning, From the church as man and wife, He, with ardent feelings burning, Vows to love her through his life. T. W. KITCnNER. DECAPITATION. No. 6. My first it means to come in sight; Please twice behead, and if I'm right, A kind of fruit I loved in youth You'll view. Behead again, and then you'll see Part of the human frame I'll be. Now, riddlers dear, I'll disappear- Adieu. THonAS O'C., Kinsale,
CHARADE. No. 7. The eve is calm, and primal's wings Hang from their place unstirred, When Willie out his pony brings, Which is by all admired. They reaeh the village in the vale, Where folks outside the inn Discuss the war news o'er their ale, Unconscious of the din. And now, just at the schoolhouse lane, A bicyclist they meet, And next begins between the twain, Which they with pleasure greet, When into whole the pony slips, For they were it beside, And as his pretty roadster drips, Will finds he cannot ride. P. M'CALL, Dublin. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. W. DAVIES, Hightown. LOGOGRIPH. No. 9. If thou art merry of soul or a riddling wight, Attend, and let this test thy might: My first is esteemed by the fairer sex; Behead, and by second the Zulus do vex; Change head, and what hens have done you will see ; Change head, and lo I after work what we like to be; Once more change head, what you have often done You'll discover, though your task is but begun; For behead, and you'll see what our charities want; Change head, and what an auctioneer does enchant; Again change head, and the past of do Will surely come before your view; By again changing head, an animal name; Next part of a box, if you repeat the same; For the last time change head, what the answer is Find out, and, no doubt, it your talents will quiz. W. N. JEFFERs. METAGRAM. No. 10. I leaned upon the window first, And watched the shadows on the second; Inside the room my brother next Sat patient, while his sums he reckoned; And on us all mamma did smile, As she our tea did next the while. W. SAUNDEaRS, Powmill. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 11.
ILILY BRowN, Bootle. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. You'll find me in the lovely rose, In nearly ev'ry flower that grows; I'm also in the human frame. Now, riddler, try to tell my name. But oarefully take out my heart, The residue will then impart What in the winter comfort lends To me and to my clever friends. W. PFEIFFER. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. My aunt was this the other day. We heard it first when at our play; Then, in our hurry and confusion, We thought it must be a delusion. It seemed such a short time ago When she was with us all, you know. Oh, dear I I feel so very vexed; Come, let us walk across my next. But no, I must not waste my time; We'll send my third for Mr. Lime, And ask him, please to come quite soon, For it is nearly twelve at noon. KATHARINE ROUS.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words. When winter clothes the earth with ice and snow And Christmas comes with merry joy to cheer s, When every face beams with a ruddy glow, And love and health and happiuess are near us Our Editor, whose every aim's to please, s My whole does give with kind and gen'rous feeling, Enough his every reader to appease, eling With tales and fun a goodly store revealing, Cross WVords. You probably know me quite well as a paint, When he calls for some money I'm ready to faint. From Australasian clime an animal permit in. I've had to take its tail off so's to fit in. A final conclusion this light will proclaim, And, doubtless, of late you have heard of the same, Destruction dire on every hand will show, As onward its terrific course 'twill go. I feel very queer, Though 'tis open to question, Perhaps, if 'tis this Or a bad indigestion. A'oinder or ash, a week of the year, Will'neath your scrutiny shortly appear. G. Gn.ANT, Petersham, SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. To horse, my lads I Now, then, be smart! We'll third no longer here. Now, steady, all! We soon must start; The game is lurking near. We'll hunt each trembling second down; The price that's on each head Is ours, my lads-ay, every crown. We'll find 'em, quick or dead. We'll give 'em neither fifth nor rest; We'll have 'em ere the sun This very night sinks in the west. Now, boys, here's to the fun ! Now, search 'mongst yonder fourth, my men, Along the water-side, And 'midst that long first near the glen, 'Tis likely there they'll hide. See, there they go, a ragged lot I Of sport there's now no dearth. Ride on, my lads ! the chase grows hot. Hurrah I they're run to earth. A. . PLATTS No. 16. My first's a spectacle or view, And also means display; Next is a well.known animal, One quick to run away; My third does mean to speak, not write; And last, I think, you'll see Does mean in health, and happy, too, So find this square for me. G. JAMES, Newry, MONOPHONE. No. 17. I must bid her good-bye, Then away to my ship; I must needs heave a sigh As I start on my trip. But I ne'er can forget (For the thoughts I have nursed) How both I and my pet, When the grass was still wet With the dew, satin first, Around which flow'r.buds burst. There she stood on the pier, As from second we steamed; Down my face rolled a tear, A faint smile on hqrs beamed. "Out of sight, out of mind' Is a maxim, no doubt, Ofttimes true, we may find, Though us two it will bind, And in two years about I shall then find it out. E. W. TISDALE. ENIGMA. No. 15. Composed of five letters, and yet, as you'll find, Two letters alone are employed in the spelling; The first two the last'two express, keep in mind, But merely, dear riddlers, what total is telling. And total, on which this enigma is based, Defines what we all have without an exception; And, now, from the first if successfully traced, I'll wlrrant you'll find that this is no deception. But, now, on your time I won't further encroach, Or your space, which is ever regarded as precious; I see, in my mind's eye, more riddlers approach- Farewell, then, ye Sphinx.lovers, gentle and gTacion. J. CiHAiLES, Bel1fast LOGOGRIPH. No. 19. Complete, I bring unto your view A well.known female tame; Behead, reverse, and strange, yet true, My answer's just the same. W. rFEI'FE7.