Our friend J. H. BATCHELOB to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1. I own, when I see my own riddles in type, My feelings to them are parental. When seedlings I planted bear fruit that is ripe, And when of the cons. that I sent all Are duly accepted, great gratification Is mine, and I rise in (my own) estimation. This, friends, is a common complaint, I believe (Now, pray, form your judgment according). You all will admit you no pleasure receive Like that which your cons. are affording. To those who'd a place in Youtng Folks be possessing, Nor yet have obtained it, we give them our blessing. Let malcontents think our good Editor hard, To criticise us is his duty, And some contributions that meet his regard Are devoid most entirely of beauty. But a place that is won in the " Tournament" pages The sting of all previous rejection assuages. J. H. BATcHELOE, Bow. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 2. W. WINTER, Stafford. ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Words. A charming paper for the youth My primals rightly name, But see now if I tell the truth By reading them the same. Cross Words. If first will try this con. to guess, I will be pleased, I do confess; My next is used by bakers all- On it I would not like to fall; In dining-rooms my third is found; For fourth a fruit that's nearly round; A kind of car my next will be; And this is used by you and me; What sailors use will next be seen; And you will see that eighth is green; My next is oft found in a lock ; And on my last you surely walk. DEMOSTHEueBs. CHARADE. No. 4. I take myjfirst to help me write a con., And sit me down to thiuk what it shall be, To second it would take me far too long, And cause this wretched bard much misery. Now I'll begin-but how shall I commence P Upon my word, I really do not know. Yet I must make a start, with some pretence Of showing that I still possess some " go." Well, once upon a time-- Hum I that won't do; Young Folks will make me pay a heavy toll. So, just to start again: The sky was blue, Th- Confound it! this is bad. I've upset wrhole. T. W. KITCHNE. ENIGMA. No. 5. I'm big, I'm nearly every size, When I am used I'm 'neath your eyes; I visit places every day, But I don't think you know the way, For I've no legs, nor yet a wing; When I've a tongue I cannot sing. I'm useful to the great and mean, To you, my friend, and to the Queen. A. H. PLUMER.
MLETAGRAI . No. 6. The fight was o'er, and young Sir Osric stood Upon the field, where lately raged strife, Before the foeman thirsting for his blood, Who bade him humbly kneel and first for life. "What! kneel to such as thou?" the young knight cried, His proud eyes flashing with contempt and scorn. "If I did beg for life at thy hands, I'd For e'er regret the day that I was born !" "Then die I" the other cried, and his eye blazed With anger as he gazed upon his foe; His gleaming falchion in the air he raised, To lay next Osric's haughty head full low. Osric shrank not from the descending stroke- A valiant heart like his disdained to flee. The other stayed his hand, and thus he spoke: "I love true courage. Go I for thou art free." J. P. Hiaarzero. DELETION. No. 7. In a certain lengthy street, sirs, Which your memory will greet, sirs, As the street that's called the Fleet, sirs, in this Cockney vale of tears, With a basket o'er his shoulder, And an air than Ajax's bolder, Once there strolled a boy not older than-we'll say a dozen years. This boy pushed against another, Who, without the slightest bother, With the kindness of a brother, hit him hard upon the nose; Then the small boy dropped his basket, And the large threw down his flasket- What they did, you needn't ask it, for I'm sure my reader knows. But a " Bobby " soon was beckoned, And he quickly came to second; But the eldest youngster reckoned it was stupid there to stay, So he whispered some appointment, Then he fled (like heated ointment, Which, to come unto the point, meant in a very hollow way.) But the other thought he'd suffer, If that very warlike duffer Treated him a little rougher, so forgot to meet his foe. So, his arm in basket linking, And with damaged optic blinking, He went home to be a-thinking, and to first upon his woe. H. C. Pazcs, Southwark. MONOPHONE. No. 8. The golden sun is sinking in the west, And throws its parting rays across the sky; Again the feathered songsters seek the nest ; The lowing first, glad of approaching rest, Tracing their homeward steps, go slowly by. The weary ploughman, glad that day is o'er, Home to his cottage slowly wends his way, And is last gaily singing o'er the moor, Contented as a king, although so poor, Earning his bread by toiling hard all day. C. PEAcocK, Islington. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. To many a pretty miss, This name is often given; Transpose, and perhaps on this You many miles have driven. J. TROWSDALE, Oadby. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 10. Oft am I by gaolers used Obnoxious prisoners to bind; But if my centre you abstract, Part of the body you will find. P. J. FEsAnN. No. 11. Please find a noted foreign town, Then take away its middle- How very strange I another town Is left. Now solve the riddle. W. KEARNEY, Liverpool. DECAPITATION. No. 12. A tiny animal for first put down, Which is well known to all, I ween; Take off the head, and in its stead An English river will be seen. FANNY A. LOWTHER, Strabane. OMEGRAM. No. 13. The first abounds 'midst seas of ice and snow But change its tail, then on your coat you'll find My second, which, if you should change again, Vast tracts of water then will call to mind; One movement more-on this you're often seated. The answer guess, and pray be not defeated. W. H. BIan, Holloway.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words. A person whom we honour and respect, My primals, when read downwards, will Proc Find finals, and therein you will detect "oa; Where primals dwell-an English town 'twill nae. Cross Words. A title of nobility My first will bring to mind; A hood or cloak in next you'll see For third a metal find. Fourth will a kind of frog proclaim; In fifth, dear friends, you'll view A foreign lake; my sixth will name A quadruped. Adieu. T. O'CosoaR, Kinsale. CHARADE. No. 15. Doubtless my first you oft did eat- Dear solvers, 'tis a kind of meat What means to lease my last will be- 'Tis very simple you'll agree. Unite the two, and you will find An ancient prince they'll bring to mind. P. N. GASsET, Dublin, GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 16. B 1 H. Baown, Bootle. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. Through lonesome roads I take my way, Undaunted by the rain and wind, Because I know that 1 some day A great reward am sure to find. By woods that lately cast their leaves, By oak, and ash, and teak, and pine, I wend my way, and seek to cheer My heart by singing scraps of rhyme. Oh, I look forward to the time When all my wand'rings now shall cease, And at my darling daughter's side, My dearest Kate, I'll rest in peace. R. GnsiT. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 18. Upon a summer's day, to quench my thirst, I like a drink of water, cold and first. When you are feeling very sick and ill, To nexo you, you must take a draught or pill. Of each of us dear mother has the third; 'Tis her we look to for a soothing word. Quite late to school young Harry Wright once went. But then he got my fourth as punishment. Don't say that you fifth find this poor con. out, 'Tis very simple if you'll try, no doubt. MARIox L. TAYLon, Rock Ferry. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My first is a part of a wall ; My next is an animal bold; My third is a boon to us all, We use it both warm, hot, and cold. My next is a city-'tis Swiss; A county in Ireland now find; On London Bridge you will find this; The opposite now to behind. This word, I think, means to strive, You must use it to find out this con.; A consonant now-'tis in drive. My friends, I must really begone. A county in " Ould Ireland" you must find, If you my centrals wish to bring to light; In Munster province it is found. Now mind You read across and down to get it right. W. D. PicaSRiNS. DECAPITATIONS. No. 20. When at night you go to bed, Be careful with the light, Lest my first so bright and red Should cause an awful sight. Behead me, and your morning walk Should be taken here. 'Twill make you merry, full of talk, And healthy you'll appear. E. PRITCHARD AND H.. WTELIAM. No. 21. Please find a word which means to stop, It also meaneth to remain; But if away its head you choop, A river you will see quite plain. Brdfod SQUARE WORDS. No. 22. This, in a land across the seas, Is quite at home among the trees; Next grows within a little pod, And clings to a supporting rod; Bnt little pleasure would be ours, If precious last had lost its powers. SkSHAMROCK, Armagh. No. 23. My first is false, and by which we're deceived; My second is sweet when our minds are relieved; My third's an expression of mutual assent: ies y My fourth should be adone when yur lo be rent. .MsEpISTO.