Our friend W. A. WILLIAMS to.day takes the lead in RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. In a field a man was sowing Oats and other kind of grain; In that field my first was growing, Longing for the welcome rain. In the west the sun was sinking, As I onwards went my way, And I plucked my second, thinking Of that glorious orb of day. While in rapture still I pondered, Whole came swiftly darting by; Then of that I thought, and wondered If it ever soared on high. Evening shades were quickly falling, As I wandered homeward bound, Whole, then, to its mate was calling To receive a worm he'd found. Then away o'er hill and valley Did these feathered songsters fly To their nest, nor did they dally. Now to find the answer try. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. NUMERICAL CHARADE. N o. 2. For first please take 601, Then just one-third of day, A sour substance then, I'm sure, Your efforts will re, ay, Th n to 1051 Attach one-third of rdie, A measure then of distance you May quickly espy. To 11 add two-thirds of bet; If you adjust them right, A curious kind of animal Will soon appear in sight. 550 now will show, With just two-fourths of hand, Cn what we live, and on the same Our habitations stand. For next, if you take 51, Then add two-fourths of bone, 'Twill name a beast I would not meet Out in the woods alone. Now to 551 Add just one-third of two; To what the heathen bow the knee It then will bring to view. One-third of rag, and 55, There's nothing more to spare ; Place all together, and 't« ill show What's neither round nor square. Now, if you will to 51 Add just two-fourths of land, The answer you may easy find, For 'tis upon your hand. Now, if 'tis not already done, My earnest wish here see, That primals scon may weekly read Our Y. P. W. B. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-F urness ACIROSTIC. No. 3 Foundation Word. Cod bless the man whose ro.:dy hand is ever prone to aid The poor in their advers:ties, or when in sickness laid; Whose true intent is Lut to give them comfort and relief, To help, by kind attention, to alleviate their grief. His name, his life, his memory will be more dearer far Than those who, in the name of Christ, conduce to cruel war. LTt them but learn a lesson of true piety and peace, To take from whule a pattern, and fr om bloody carnage cease. Cross Words. It may be of muse, of robbers, of both; To enlighten you further, I'm terribly loth. With deep'ning shadows, noon gives way to me, And twilight hues will soon in beauty be. WVithin a church, they say-it strikes me, too, That many rogues within a church we view. ^ measure this; and if you know it well, The answer in a measure you can tell. A goodly servant, but a master bad ; Cut off its tail, a tree may then be had. Within my this friends and relat ions Are met, without regard to stations, In merry changes. soft and sweet, Mly ears in full delight they meet. All kinds of cake I heartily yearn over: This is a tart, and sounds much like a turnover. A Iroposal I give you, Or so I would choose it; I pray you be careful, ho as not to lose it. Ye spit it advance; I adjure you to come: You are not a spirit. Good gracious, that's rum. G. GRANT, Bayswater.
CENTRAL DELETION. N o. 4. From a signification of delay You have only to tate the centre aw.y, And a forest animal will stay. A. H. CORLEY. DECAPITATIONS. No. 5. A musical pipe deprived of its bead, Leaves a musical instrument instead. F. A. Conniuer, Shiplake. No. 6. Of every flower you'll see I am a part; BEhead, to this requires no great art. G. GRAiT, Bayswater. No. 7. A word that means to fly aloft, If you take off its bead, A thong that beats the water, Young Folks, you'll see instead. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. REBUS. No. 8. ANON. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 9. Cross Words. L and of hospi able kindness this; O n this a roam in summer's not amiss; T o acquire or to earn my next will be; T his, when in compounds, signifieth three; Y ou will have seen this riddler's name, I ween; W hat joy abounds when this at home is seen; B3 ehold an article the cobbler knows; R ight beautiful this species of primrose; I n winter time this we but seldom see; G rateful to the taste my next will be; H erein is found what dyes a certain hue; T hen last will bring a female name to view. Foundation Wores. O f two fair riddlers firsts and finals tell; N ames in the Y. F. B. well-known. Farewell J. MYEas, Dalton-in-Furness. IREBUS. No. 10. 11, London. PALINDROMLS. No, 11. What means fiat if you turn round, The same again will then be found. J. A. STEVENS. No. 12. A kind of dog my whole does name; Turn me round, and I am the same. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. CURTAILMENT. No. 13. Here we are, ye riddlers gay, As all the clowns are bound to say: Come. find me out; if not, why, seek And find an answer here next week. For once a female's name I'll be- A Christian name I mean, you see; What means to spoil if you curtail ; Don't look so sick, or you might fail. But please curtail me once again, A parent I shall then remain ; But if you fun or pleasure seek, This journal read from week to week. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green.
REVERSIONS. No. 14. A useful tool that you may see Often in the carpenter's hand; Reversed. part or the verb " to be " Befote you then will plainly stand. A. H. CORLEL, No. 15. If you my first would like to know, A graceful bird. it is, I trow; A heaving element wide and vast, Without a doubt you'll find my last; These together put right by you, An English town will bring to view. JOHN SMYTH. ENIGMA. No. 16. I am a piece of iron or wood, 'And criminals, when tried, at me have stood; Or if in a tavern you e'er have been, There I clearly may be seen; At the entrance of a harbour I'm found; And also in music I abound; A bur glar mvs use often needs: A law) or visits me when be pleads. So now, dear friends, my answer tell, And for the present I'll say farewell. POT HOOK, OMEGRAM. No. 17. My whole doth mean a path or way; Change tail, and then, you'll find, What means to wander or to stray Will t..en be brought to mind. Change tail again, and 'twill be seen That this means spotted black; Change tail once more, and then, I ween, That lions don't this lack. W. A. WILLIAMs, Neath, TRANSPOSITION. No. 18. Serious if you will transpose, Another word you will disclose, Which will to you an island show That's in the Archipelago. A similar deed again repeat, And thereupon your eyes will meet Some well-known fruit employed to make A drink away your thirst to take. A. II. CORLEY. PYRAMID PUZZLE, No. 19. Take for my first one-fifth of grime; Next is a period of time; My third a song of joy will be ; Fourth's a director, as you'll see ; A famous place for plants is this; And last means restlessness I wis. The centrals, downwards read, will show A Budget riddler you well know. F. TAYLOR. LOGOGRIPH. No. 20. What you oft do if you behead, I trow, A place for skating you will have, I know; Behead again, a fluid you will see; ' Its very useful both to you and me: This useful fluid if you just transpose. What means relation 'twill then disclose. MORlGA LA FAY. DELETION. No. 21. From a short, crooked sword Two letters delete, A bird trained to hawking You'll then have complete. F. TAYLOR METAGRAM. No. 22. My whole, I'm sure, is part of a tree; But if you change my head, V\ hat always comes at night timo You will surely have instead. Now kindly change my head again, 'To listen this will be Again,. a Channel Island comes; Again, a bird you'll see. D: ar friends, this is my first attempt At puzzling, that you see Good-bye, now, though I dearly hope You'll hear again from me. LADY LUtA SQUARE WORDS No. 23. My first is an upright man and true; Of beauty's reverse this a the name; '1 bird would be a slander on you . Last of a wheel is the outside frame. T Ii. JACKsoN, London. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEKK. 1.-Ladye Byrde. Thus : 11.-Table, tale. Lance, Anvil, Dangers, 12,-Deer. reed. Yarmouth,t au-do-Cologne, 18.-Tun, nut. Balaclava, Yell, Ring, Les- 14.-Dot, tod. pending, Elclat. 15 -No rose without a thorn. 2.-Reverberate. 16.-Farm, arm. 3.-A pen. 17.--Horse, rose. 4.-Derby. i 18.-Craft raft, aft. 5.-Peep. 19.-Karl. !ae k. 6 -Mayor, Mayo. 20.--Frederick. 7.-Franc!s, franc. 21.--Date, gate, fate, hate, 8.-Pear, ear. Kate. late, mate, pate. 9.-Small beginnings have 23.-Cap-rice. great endings. i 23.-Peter, pet, pea, peg, pew, 10.-Mitre, mire. per, pen. 24.- A AMY GR UNT PAS SING AMU S EMENT T RUM PET SWEET END