Our friend T. W. KITCHNER to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOQURNAMENT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 1. No first was found upon his breast, Yet he had fought in war; And now he claims a soldier's rest, For 1he can fight no more. He lost upon the battle-field, While fighting with the foe, His arm, yet made the fooman yield, Returning blow for blow. Sometimes at next the soldier says, "Dear friends, I've dope my duty; Like Nelson, though, I'd end my days For England, home, and beauty." T. W. KITCtNER, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. hty first is a consonant which may be seen In Hastings or Brighton, in king or in queen; A very soft food net, I'm sure, will proclaim, Spell it backwards or forwards you'll find 'tis the same; To a word meaning even, my third will give name, Spell it backwards or forwards, you'll find 'tis the same; This prevents you from speaking, and oft causes pain, I've no doubt-turn it round, and the same will remain; For last take a letterrom winter or spring ; And then to your vis my centrals will bring A. town in old Ireland you all know its name- Which, spelt backwards or forwards, will still be the same. H. V. BARWELL. DECAPITATION. No, 3. You have seen me in my infancy,perhaps before my birth, You have trodden me beneath your feet as though of little worth; I know i'm very common, yet few can tell me why, Before I'm born to sunlight, I am doomed to rot and die. You have seen me when, in fuller age, my head is humbly bowed, And you've passed me by unheeded, as one amongst a crowd; And yet you fickle creatures have all admired my grace, And imitations of me you will find in many a place. You have seen me when my days were o'er, perhaps when in my prime, Cut down in all my beauty by the cruel hand of time, Ahd you have stood and laughed with glee to see my body bruised, Nor gave one moment's thought that 'tis for thee I'm thus ill-used. Ah, cruel, cruel fate, oh, why thus so unkindly treat me ? Am I so very useless that mankind should take and beat me? And still so discontented, he does just whate'er he will, And forces me with all his strength to be more useful still. And when at last my torture he does consent to end, He makes me into many shapes, and then I act his friend; I bear no animosity, for all my pains are past, And I rejoice that he has found my usefulness at last. Now, puzzler, have you found me out? I am not hard to find, If you will use your thinking-cap and bear this well in mind, That ere I reach my latter stage, you will require to use What clearly shows itself, if I my luckless head should lose; And if you still another take, and view me as I stand, You'll find out what they do with me throughout this happy land. JANE FLAHERTY, COrk. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Words. Undaunted knights on primals' field Have often fought with lance and shield; An admiral my finals name- He earned hard a glorious fame. Cross WVords. Beguiling odes and fiery lays This poet wrote in bygone days. A well.known Irish town, I trow, Famed for its sieges years ago. Out in the prairie 'twill be found; 'Tis closely followed by the hound. A foreign'river this will be; That it is long you will agree. This game at cards pa oft doth play Along with me at close of day. The young knight foqght beside hisliege With lance and this throughout the siege. P. N. GArNEY, Dublin. HIDDEN TREES. No. 5. I've tried in the following lines to conceal Some trees, which,.ulas I you will quickly reveal; The words that are hidden are simply reversed; Now, practise your wit, friend, the mystery to burst. The golden-faced sun, as it sank unto rest Beneath the red sky far away in the west, Cast faint, ruddy rays o'er a log.hut which stood Alone in a dismal Canadian wood. Two sturdy young Britons, their bread to obtain, Had made in this dark, aoristic domain Their home, and they worked hard with axe and with spade, Determined to toil till their fortunes were made. A rifle was leaning beside the hut door, A slumbering man within stretched on the floor, Some oxen, in backwoods bred, lazily strayed Around, while, hard by, a 'cute, watchful cur laid, Among the strange sounds that the breeze bore about Was heard a queer noise, neither cry, wail, nor shout-- A long, evil, ominous, unearthly yell, Which startled the dog and the sleeper as well. The latter stepped out, raised his rifle in haste, The nipple he .eyer]--a gay voice cried, "Don't waste Your shot, my dear friend." 'Twas his comrade whospoke, SI made that odd noise; you were duped by the jke. ' E, BAXTZR.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 6. Fotmdation Words. Read primals and finals, and you will find Two animals will come to mind. Cross Words. For first a vehicle you'll see; My second a female's name will be; My third is eaten by all of you. I've no more to say, so now adieu. F. RIDLEYT. CHARADE. No. 7. My first is given to man; My last with the world began. My whole on s y first doth depend, For when firstlis gone whole will end; My last of limits has only one, And that is when the world is done. WAMLTn, Bradford. REBUS. No. 8. T. IIALLIDAY, Ainsdale. LOGOGRIPH, No. 9. Whole means to ponder or to think, And if the head you cut away, What means to wear or to employ You'll have without delay; And if this word which you have left You'll gently then transpose, What means to beg or to entreat It quickly will disclose. METAGRA&I. Jo. SXDr. No. 10. 'Twas on a frosty winter's day, A boy to school was gaily going, He, loth to cheer him on his way, Loudly through my first was blowing, Its head fell off, nor could be found, And when one there was substituted, A plant sprang up his mouth around, And in his teeth was firmly rooted. P. M'CiaL, Dublin, DELETION. No. 11. If a letter is taken From what means to awaken, A contrivance or plan in What's left you'll be scanning. W. PPIFrrna, GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12.
LILY BRowN, Bootle. ENIGMA. No. 13. I have a face that's smooth and round, And hands that never touch the ground; 'Tis true no ears, or eyes, or nose, Or mouth does my bright face disclose, It is my honourable lot To grace the palace or the cot. By you, riddlers all, I'm known, And am a useful thing, you'll own; Though sometimes very old, I cannot die. Now, riddling friends, pray tell me, what am I P F. R. CoULsoN. DECAPITATION. No. 14. I'm a grain that is very nutritioll For our food there could be nothing better; In the summer they call me delicious, After taking away the first letter. C. R. GoamrIe,. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. Beneath the shade of leafy first I like to read and sit' Next is an English river small-no doubt you've heard of it; If you should think it is not one, just take your atlas out, And scan my third, and you will see it there without a doubt, E. W. TISDALE,
METAGRAM, No. 16. On a dull November day Down a lane I took my way- Oh, the dulness of that dreary day I never can forgetl My first was by my side, And jumped round me withpride, Butw Ipushed him down, for, you must know, the was very wetgroud " Get down, bad first I I'll beat you. Take away the dirty feet you Are wiping on my coat "-which, by the way, was very go Then I tried to mark my name on A tree, but second came on, And then, alas I my first and I in total darkness stood. " Now you'll have to lead your master To his home a little faster Than ever you have walked or run-you will, upon m Then he pulled me through soft clay, And I found, to my dismay, That the artful little rascal had led me into third. When for help I 'gan to shout, He soon came.and pulled me out, And I vowed that I'd have vengeance on the cunning httl toad; But I was so sad and wet That I soon forgot my threat, And with him trotting by my side, did fourth along the road And we quickly reached our home, But from me a groan did come When I found that on the hearth there burnt but very itt fire. I upon it threw a last, And it burnt up very fast; Then I tried to solve the Young Filks' cons,. until I did reti H. V. BArnYLe;" LOGOGRIPHS. No. 17. When whole, I'm coloured, as you'll see; But if you take my tail, To find out what has coloured me, 4'm sure you will not fail. And if again my tail you bite (Without a pang this time), To show that you have done it right, I'll give a short, sharp chime. Again remove, with touch so light, My caudal appendage, And now a metal hard and bright Reflects your judgment sage. Now, take away my head (:' vou By this time are not poucd), On gazing at the residue You'll find I am enclosed. My writhing form, with cruel pen, If you behead again,. You'll see that I am in all men, In happiness and pain. GnRAnERsY GEnea.EruT No. 18. When you see me, you see my whole, Though this at first seems strange; Cut off my head, likewise my tail, Oh, what a wondrous change I Now, though whole's head and tail are gone, And its remains you hope to view, Behold I a well.known animal Will suddenly appear to you. E. Hoiwi, CHARADES. No. 19. My first, aright transposed, is last; My next is underground; My whole is made to hold my first. The answer now expound. W. KEARaNE, Bootle. No. 20. Now, cook, what's for dinner P Now, what is thisdishl A first I Why, you know that I never take fish. What's this ? What! a second I Dear me, fish agsinI Why, cook, you must really have fish on the brain. Now, what is this whole P Ha, 'tis some kind of fruit! Here's something at length that my palate will suit. A. S. PLAe, SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. My first is not a female, That I will guarantee; My second is an open space, Its name now tell to me; My third's part of a telescope, Which makes the matter plain ; And last's a word that signifies Rest or relief from pain. G. HoTCHEsoN, Glasgc0 ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE, No. 22. What we should do without my first I really do not know; For next an animal is seen; And third is seen in glow. Fourth is an insect known to you; For last a colour comes to view. Centres, if you read down aright, A bird of prey will come to sigh`. SA LS ,rd I l ,P