Our friend H. C. PRIcR to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATION. No. 1. The monarch reclines on his majesty's throne, With his prince on his left, and his queen on his right, And the tapers all burned with a jovial light. But the king and the queen were not sitting alone, For the courtiers were singing far into the night, And merrily gladdened his majesty's sight By dancing with second so pretty and fair,' And the total were lifted high into the air. But all of a sudden, with presto.like speed, Came rushing a genius, wild flowed his hair; And the courtiers knelt down for mercy to plead, While the king made a rush for an old cupboard bare. " You am third, by golly P" was old Pompey's shout, As the king and brave courtiers chased Pompey out. H. C. PiaCE, Southwark. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 2. First, my boy, the birds are singing In the morning sun, And their upward course they're winging. Come, and have a run. Run tnd last your face, my sonny, In the water clear Then we'll have a stroll so bonny. Which way shill we steer - W. D. PIcaraNoe.
F...E.B , EBU...: :: " 'o S · - .. . ... ";~, w:. s. , ! - - ,,.. S , . ..".i ~~~ ... ". l'""· ,.,: ... , .· ... . , . .,"t1;, ,; .
MONOPH NE. , No. 4., . Dear little first, come, let's sit down, An If for you will spread my gown' Thatyou may rest a while. See yonder little hillock green, ; . The plttiest I;haveever. een, .It lies just through the stile. As though to form a shade q'erhead, A stately second's branches spriead Ah, what a cool retreat ' Look ! here's a third;Mthe pietty thing l': Just stroke its back; some food I'll bring..: .A. . And you shall see it eat. Ydur pretty book I've brought with me, With A, B, C, D, E , F, G. Come, see what you can learn; Remember them, don't try to guess. Great round O, and crooked 8, And fouith you'll soon disoern. That hippy day, now long passed by, Still lives fresh in my memory; My first, a child no more * M* y second-still does.mark the spot, To fifth it I do hope they'll not, 'Twould grieve me very sore. Luca MULnai. CHAADE. No. 5. It was a bitter winter's night, The snow did fall, the winds did blow; Inside, where all was warm and bright, We sat within the fireside's glow. And as we sat, secure and warsm, We heard sad tales of want and woe, Of families who had lost their all, And.to my whole been forced.to go. Of fathers who no jtrst could find, 0 mothersin their seconds bare, Of childre shivering in the wind, And bearing.heavy loads of care. We heard it with' aheavy heart . At last "We'll help," we all did say, "To bid grim poverty depart, And cheer them on their dreary way." E. Y. CISWELL, Oakengates.
AEITHMOREM. No. 6. Foundation Word. When thou show'st thy beauteous face, Lighting up this dreary place Called the earth with gladsome voice, Ev'ry mortal doth rejoice. Cross Words. 51 and as Often by the breezes fanned; 1 ,, ru Part of snowy Switzerland 1,000 ,, na Noblest work of our great Maker; 1,050 ,, ae Oftof it I'm partaker; 0 ,, weobo Portion of the human frame; 160 ,, hear Maiden'swell.known Christian name. A IMEWm CHOLT YOuTr. CENTRAL DELETIONS.. Nb. 7.. The war was o er, unto hie home Young Tim has not returned His parents first for him as dead Because no new,, they've learned.. But, lo I one nert a soldier stopped Before their humble door It was their son, and from them he Will ne'er be parted more. - . o8 R. DoueLs, Bury . SNo. 8. Yes, this is what the horses are, t I haire nd doubt you see .. Delete; and then what's better far 'Twill very shortly be. R. Mosraooxna,
M' ETAGRAM'AOROSTIC, 'i . ' No. 9.... :; .. ' Foundatiio Wor4. t: . 'Jwas either of the page.boy or the duke-` . T': was either of the peasant or the king, up;.!t olden times, without one slight rebuke, Primes loved to sing. : Cross Wor'.Nd. I first you find a word of letters three, Anud in that word my first you'lLsurely see; HSrrive on,'my clever friends, iiLndfind if out ; Your brain will second you, I have no doubt. T'hink on, and when of secoud'you are third, I'lease'find another simple little word . (f 'letters three; think on, Y'oung Folls; again, And third will rise before-you very plain. Then comes my fourth, in that will be descried-- But, there-suppose for murder you were'tried} l i And s'posing you were guilty of the deed, Of ivhat you said the judge would take-great-heed Then ask," Who struck the blow ?" With terror stung, You'd say, " I last," and very soon be hung. H. V: iBAnwEL, Kennington.. CURTAIr;MENTS. No. 10. To make a bet first always mehns, SBut Y6ung Folks ne'er should do it, Fnr if you do, it's tento one 1T bhat you will dearly rge it. Cut off its tails now you will:see This nearly. meansthe same; I'd almost first this simple con. Shall win a little fame. Well, last a merry fellow means. But now I'll close my ditty, And say good.bye; yo'll say the same' And p'raps that 'tis no pity. R. GRasT. No. .11. , About a small word, of seven letters I know A very extraordiniary thing, And whoever can find what this little word is I'll admit to my riddlers' ring. When it's tossed and turned, and knocked about Until two of its letters are gone, No o::e can dispute but it still contains seven, As if nothing had to it been done. J. B. P., Dublin.. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 12. An English river please behead, A fissure will appear instead; Behead,,transpose, and then, I ween, A figure quickly will be seen; Change head, a tumour '11 come to view, ." t I hope Ptis notpossessed by you '; ' Change head again, and there'll.be found A word which means damp, marshy ground.. FLORENCE NIXON.. * Io. 13. A kind of plank if you curbail, , , A wild beast will b1l eft; . What's used in rowing you will see, When 'tis of head bereft. saros Mi VSrhro. DIAMOND PUZZLE.' No.' 14. For first put down one.fifth of scene; lIy next's a beverage, I:ween ' Produce or crop my third doth mean ; In fourth a rival's quickly seen; In Egypt once did reign 'tis queen; Dry clay is sixth, ye riddlers keen i; A fluid this has ever been; For eighth put down a word for spleen ; And, last, a letter froi, malign.'" Read down, across, ye riddlers keen, A woman's name, once Egypt's queen. SaIn-se8LanN, ,rizington. ,