Our friend H. V. BARWELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. REVERSION. No. 1. A mighty man was Stefano, the Earl of Barcondale, Before whose gaze the stoutest hearts had oft been known to quail; Yet there was one whom he had wronged, and wronged most bitterly, Who feared him not-old Theobald; a famous first was he. One day, when mighty Stefano lost sight of this old man, He called all his attendants out, and then the search began. They looked all through the castle, and all through the castle ground, And standing by an aged oak, old Theobald was found. "Now, sirrah, what art thou about ? How is't I find thee here ? How darest thou leave thy prison cell, and wander, without fear, About the grounds of Barcondale and lurk behind a tree ? Upon thy knees my pardon ask-I'm lord o'er such as thee!" "Sir Stefano," cried Theobald, "of thee I have no fear. I wandered from my prison cell because 'twas dark and drear, To gaze upon the scene around and see the light of day. And now, thou evil.minded man, just list to what I say. "'Tis years ago since first we met upon the battlefield, When you before me stood and loud commanded me to yield. You and your hirelings bound me fast, then cast me in a cell, And since that time how I have lived no power on earth can tell. "I am a knight; I once was rich-my riches you have had. I once wore armour, but alas I in second now I'm clad. I do not want my riches back, and all I ask of thee Is that you let me leave this place and have my liberty." "No liberty you'll have from me. Guards, do your duty well ! Conduct the vile impostor back unto his lonely cell. And, mark you, man, you never more shall see the light of day." Thus spake the earl, and turning round, he quickly walked away. " Come back, Sir Knight," cried Theobald. "Draw forth thy sword and fight ! Be not a coward. Strike, I say, and God defend the right I" "Fool," cried the earl, "thy doom is sealed ! Thou knowest I shall win." "Right conquers might," said Theobald. "I'm ready; now begin." The fight commenced, the earl's great strength at once began to tell Upon old Theobald, who, ne'ertheless, fought hard and well. On, on they fought, until bold Stefano, who, with a bound, Struck Theobald, and stretched the old man dead upon the ground. The hand of fate was on the earl, for as he back did go, Somehow, from off the bridge he fell into the moat below, Which, by the way, was very deep, and though for help he cried, No one to his assistance came, so in the moat he died. H. V. BARWELL. CHARADE. No. 2. My first is an animal glossy and sleek, And when on the hearthrug it lies, Performing its toilet with aspect so meek, And lazily winking its eyes, You never would think that its soft velvet paws Destruction within could conceal, Nor fancy that mice from its mild.looking. jaws Could torture and agony feel. This second's a person whom you have not seen, But still you may call him a friend. Without him this riddle might never have been, For second its verses has penned. Of having some thirds any angler may boast, Although not for learning inclined; And yet in your Euclid you'll see quite a host, And thousands in Virgil you'll find. My whole is a name which historians all brand With infamy, hatred, and shame, For he who once bore it, destruction had planned 'Gainst the city which nursed him, and fame Relates of him stories which mark by their guilt His name with indelible stain, For Rome's noblest blood by his plots had been spilled, Had not Cicero rendered them vain. DINoE. DECAPITATION. No. 3. There was a man, he first along, And as he next the sward, a song He sang with voice both clearand strong. He carolled like a singing bird, While all the country round him heard. Behind him came a man who third. " Ho, comrade I whither bound so fast ? To see thy brow so overcast, One'd think you'd read young Walter's last." So scoffed the man in joke behind, But now he's doomed for aye to find The grandest lasts are sometimes signed WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE, HIDDEN FLOWERS. No. 4. Will Muir is ten years old to.day. Alas, how swift time flies away I Oh, Lil, you naughty dog, you know You should not bark at pussy so. Come, take the ash.pan, Syl, for me, And see how useful you can be. Give me a pip, kind sister Loo, And you shall see my new peep-show. Make haste, Reuben, or else, I fear, We won't have time to cross the mere. Dada, is youth a common noun?- For in my book it is not shown. J. G. LAMBERT.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. Kindly take for first the name of An Italian poet who In fair Florence first saw daylight, And to fame and learning grew. Year twelve-six-five was the second When this noted man was born. First will be the same as last when Out the centre you have torn. H. W. CAVILL, Luton. LOGOGRIPH. No. 6. Come, find a measure at your leisure, 'Twill not take you very long; Transpose my next, and don't be vexed, For this to tell is very wrong. And now the twain, combined aright, Will bring a little dog to sight. MONAS-ROKY. REBUS. No. 7. W. J. BorLE, Belfast. CHARADE, No. 8. "For sale! for sale I My first's for sale, So bright and fresh and ye:low. Who does not like my first, Ithink, Must be a dainty fellow I" I sighed for air-for air that's fresh- Hot air we breathe in crowded city. I hired my second, flew away And never thought it was a pity. We flew so fast I scarce could see The country of a verdant dye. Still seated in my second, I saw My whole go fluttering by. MAY. PROVERB REBUS. " No. 9.
T. GILMORE, Belfast. DECAPITATION. No. 10. See, little Bessie stands beside the smithy door; She's looking at the fire, and list'ning to its roar, And ev'ry now and then to catch a first she tries, As some of those bright specks flit past before her eyes. Now from the blacksmith's shop she's hast'ning fast away To meadows, lanes, and fields, with other girls to play. " These lanes are really grand," says one fair little maid. " They'd put a London next right fairly in the shade." And now within her home we once more Bessie see ; The little girl now sits upon her father's knee. ITe tells her 'bout a man that built a third to save His family and himself all from a wat'ry grave. CONCORDIA. MONOPHONE. No. 11. FIRST. While riding through the town one day, My first came quickly down, Which made me feel uncomfortable; But I galloped on to town. SECOND. I then arrived at an inn, And quickly drew my second, And soon put up my weary horse, Whose limbs were tired, I reckoned. THIRD. Some friends appeared after, And talked 'bout horses reared; But soon, howe'er, 'twas changed To the length of our Queen's third. W, KEARNEY, Bootle.
ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation Word. The initials of the names below, If they are traced with care, A good and brave Young Folks hero Will certainly declare. Cross WlVords, For first please put down A ravenous bird; Of it, I am sure, You often have heard. A. river of Russia In second's contained, Where once by the British A vict'ry was gained. For next you must take An isle in the north, So look at your map And then bring it forth. A brave unglish king, In Palestine famed; A mountain of Greece Is in my fifth named. In Egypt now find A great river's name. Ye 'cute riddlers, now This riddle proclaim. MONOPHONE. F No. 13. FIRST. The fount of life now full unto the brim With love's emotion in some maiden prim Now sorrow-laden, and with care near burst In some poor widow's ever-changeful first; Within a miser, hard as any rock, Resisting charity's entreating knock; Yet in a mother tender as a dove, So those can prove who've known a mother's love. SECOND. A letter now must be bereft From first, then second will be left, When quickly 'twill unfold A quadruped of stately mien, Which ofttimes in the park is seen, Right graceful to behold. THIRD. No matter how graceful, You must it behead, 'Twill make it more useful, P'r'xfps, after 'tis dead, For then in the remnant You can't fail to see A noble attainment It doubtless will be. J. MYERS, Dalton.in-Furue.s, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 14. For first a letter please to take, I think 'twill be in bold; My next's a kind of boat or shi?, 'Twas built in times of old; A colour sure my next will be; An iron bar next choose; And for my fifth our "Letter-Box" I'll ask you to peruse; My next a well.known traveller was, Who traversed countries far; And to the Young Folks next I trust Our Young Folks truly are; My eighth an insect sure will be; And ninth and last you'll find in sea. DOLLY, Dei PlLl. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. My primals will imply A preterite of fly; From fiery volcanoes does my melted second flow; My third, as you will see, Smooth or level means to be; And what is to be destitute my finals they will show. J. O'BRI:s. No. 16. 'Twas inmy first, long time ago, The joyous harp did sound, While pages clad in brightest green The wine.cup handed round. My next an interjection is, And sorrowful you'll find; And third it is a kind of file, And means to rub or grind. Poisonous serpents are my last; I would not wish them nigh. This ends the square, and now, Young Folks, I'll bid you all good-bye. G. J IES, Nenwr. PALINDROMES. No. 17. A dwarf is hero, 'tis very clear, Or, if you like, a measure; When turned around, same will be found, I'm certain, at your leisure. C. . GoSlsa0E, No. 18. A word which is part of your face- Now try and find its name; Then turn it round, and, I'll be bounl, Itstill remains the same. E flos.5I I-