ANSWERS TO LAST MONTH'S MISSION- ARY QUESTIONS.
1. The " Good News." 3. 1818. 2. Tamatave. 4. Ambobimanga. ANSWER TO MISSIONARY ENIGMA. Chalmers. FOUR prizes will be given every Quarter to girls and boys under the ages of 14 (1st Division) and 12 (2nd Division) who send in the best answers to " Gardener," 14, Blomfield Street, E.C., before the 25th of each month. (Name, address, and age of competitors must be given.) BIBLE QUESTIONS. Who said the following words, and when were they uttered ? 1. "Is it well with the child?" (II. Kings.) 2 " The Eternal God is thy Refuge." (Deut.) 3. "Fight the good fight of faith." (I. Tim.) 4 "Lord, help me." (Matt.) 5. " Whatsoever thy soul desireth, I will even do it for thee.' (I. Sam.) 6. " God be gracious unto thee, my son." (Gen.) MISSIONARY QUESTIONS. (The answers will all be found in NEWS FROM AFAR for last year.) 1. What do you know about the " Baby Rome " in Amoy ? 2. Where is Inyati ? 3. Where is the white ant found, and of what use is it ? 4. Which of our Missionary countries supplied the wood for the Manchester Ship Canal? 5. Describe the life of a Chinese girl. 6. Where are the Andaman Islands? SPECIAL PRIZE COMPETITION, A lady offers a prize-book to every girl and boy who can before June 1st, get Six New Yearly subscribers for " News from Afar." Names and addresses of these subscribers to be sent in to " Gardener " by those who obtain them. AN UNFINISHED STORY COMPETITION. Fill in the Missing Words, and finish the Story. JOHN WILLIAMS, missionary and - , was born at - near - , on - 17-. He had a very good mother who tried to make her boy - . But it was not until John was - years old that he was brought to Christ by hearing a · in --- Tabernacle. This church he began to attend, and it was owing to the ' of his minister, the Rev. , one of the first L. M.. S. that he became interested:in ----- He was at that time apprltitdid to an in Road, and he soon became a skilful - , and of great use to his In November, 18-, after a short period of study, he and his young wife sailed from London for mission work in the A year's voyage brought them to , where Mr. Williams remained for some . He then removed to where, for fifteen years, this lovely island was his home. He
found the .natives a very low, degraded, lazy set of people, but under his -- a change was quickly Mr. Williams taught the men to become carpenters, - , and - . Schools were begun, portions of the were translated, and soon many began to put away their -- , and to love and ------ od. By March, 1823, there were - baptized natives in - . After a while, John Williams began to carry the - of Jesus Christ to other -- islands, and it was while doing this, that he met his - . It happened this way - . Finish this story in your own words.