I -II ý ' ' -ý ;, ýý?~ ~ ~~~
All commnunications on any subject connected With these prizes must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is expected, a stamped and directed envelope or postcard should he o0ln closed:-Tan PuzzLE AND EssaY Eitron, Ofice of " Our Darlis" 18 to 26, Stepney Causeayl, London, E. For conditions and rules (by which all candidates must be guided), see page 6, No. 53. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which apl peared in No. 53 of " Our Darlings." Son SnzIORS. ANswER To PUzzLE No. I.-Iceland was peopled by the No'. wegia.ns in 874 A.D. The isolated position of the island prevenClt frequent intercourse with other nations; hence the purityof the language. In Italy the Tuscan Academies, especially the Crusca, assumed to be the censors of the language. This rapidly caused the Tuscan dialect to be received as the purest Italian.
AiswE TO PUZZLE 2o. II.-Jael, the wife of Reber the Kenite (Judges iv. 18-22). Son Jurons. Atshme To PuzzLE No. I.-Little Russia lies to the S.W. of tAN Empire of Russia, the chief towns being Kiev, Kharkov, and Poultava. It is the resort of Jews and Cossacks. The old ,ame was Ukraine. An ene T i PUZZLE No. II.-Lot and his two daughters (Gen. PRIZES.-A BOOK (VALV 3s. 6d.) Was awarded to each of the following for correct answers:-- SENIoms. )I. E. ANDERSON (15), 6, William Street West, North Shields. W, H. RosnIsoN (14;), 211, Moss Lane East, Manchester. 31~nbsanT HaSIwIck (141m), Woodbourne, Burgess Hill. 1anua GovAN (13), Linkfield House, Portobello. JunvoRs. I'nrn ROe (11), Ellastone, near Ashbourne. Joa0 L. MBNNnIc (111), 7, Lansdown Street, Brighton. Cenaas E. HAYwARD (101), The Parade, Trowbridge. ANsNI LISTON (9), Linkfield House, Portobello. Wecommend the following for their correct answers :-O. Armitage, L. Belling, M. Bridges, J. Bridges, M. Bell, I. Black, J. Crnickshanks, C. Crawford, H. Chettle, M. -Douglas, A. G. Edgerton, F. Flint, A. Fillingham, J. Frazer, V. Gonsalez, E. Golan, M. Graham, E. Hayward, F. Hewitt, E. Hewitt, A. ltewitt, E. Hewlett, G. Huxtable, M. Jamieson, K. Liston, H. I[acGill, A. Ottywell, J. Penn, I. Polmeer, L. Rhodes, F. Ste- phens, L. Shaw, J. Telfer, M. Tabor. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [Note.-Tho Puzzles in prose are taken from Sacred and Pro- hine History, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will furnish as with themes. The puzzles in lehyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIORs. Foun books, of the published value of 3s. 6d. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candi- dates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE No. XXI.-It is the chamber of an Anglo-Saxon king. He is surrounded by some of his officers and attendants, when a man enters who pretends to deliver a message to him. As he nears the place where the king is sitting, he draws a dagger and rushes on him. One of the officers, seeing his master's danger, and having no other means of defence, interposes with his own body between the king and the ruffian's dagger, which was pushed with such violence that after piercing his faithful attendant it wounds the king himself. This event is said to have hastened the monarch's conversion to Christianuity. Who is the kincg and his officer' PUZZLE No. XXII. In the heart of a mighty monarch, In the palace of a king, It leads to.a treacherous act, And to a deadly thing. Evil and base and mean, Fierce and revengeful too, Yet often thence out-driven By one a charm who knew. Whence came it we may know, How went it none can tell, By sweetness overcome- By softness as a spell. Yet at the last it gained Full evil power and might : Ah, sad it is to trace Departure from the right.
Son JUNIons. The Foun most successful and satisfactory candidates will receive each a book of the published price of 3s. 6d., and of their own selection. PuzzLE No. XXI.-In a lofty chamber in a royal palace in England a king is seated. His brows are knitted and his face expresses great rage. Suddenly the door opens and a youth enters. He approaches the place where the king is seated, and throwing himself upon his knees presents the monarch with a dagger, and demands death rather than that he should be disgraced by the falsehoods of his enemies. The king's features relax, his wrath disappears ; he raises the offender and promises him pardon and protection. The youth has received a salutary lesson, and afterwards becomes a wise king. Name the actors in this scene. PUZZLE No. XXII. It was made on earth, but heaven's own hue Gave it a beauty earth never knew; Of work of man it most fairly shone, Fitting attire for a holy one: It was pure and clear and rich and bright, Too much indeed, for our mortal sight : Those who beheld it could but adore, Never was hand-craft so blessed before. Little he thought who with thread and loom Had wrought on its plainness in light or gloom, That saints on earth and saints from above Should gaze on its fairness, while God in love Gave it a rare and exceeding glory Which shines for us still in the gospel story. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR JANUARY, 1883. IGHT Beautiful Books and TwsaLva Certificates of Merit will be awarded this month to the writers of the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. They will be divided as follows: Foes Books and Six Certificates in each section, between the Senior and JuniorCandidates. In every case the names of the prize- winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For directions, see General Rules. SENIOR SUBJECT.-" In the Old and Newo Testament are found several Riddles, Puzzles, or Parables, i.e. dark-sayings, for which solutions were not easily found. Give a list of all these, with references to the passages, and as far as you can, the solutions." JunHon SUBJECT.-" Give some account of the JWild Animals mentioned in Holy Scripture." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. TWENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £36, Will he given away at the close of 1883 for the best answers to the 156 Questions which will appear during the twelve months of 1882-3. 1st, £5; 2nd, £4; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2; 6th, £1 15s.; 7th, £1 15s. ; 8th, £1 10s.; 9th, £1 10s.; 10th, £1 5s.; 12th, £1 5s.; 12th, £1 ; 13th, £1; 14th. 15s. ; 15th, 15s.; 16th, 15s; 17th, 15s.; 18th, 15s.; 19th, 15s.; 20th, 10s.; 21st, 10s.; 22nd, 10s.; 23rd, lOs. ; 24th, 10s.; 25th, 10s.: 26th, a Bible with Maps and Illus- trations; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. tr' THE PRINTED Iroan on itlich answcers to THESE SCRIP. TURE QUESTIONS vusT be seat in, together Wcith the condilions of comepetition, may be had by! enclosing two postage stamps addressed to the Editor of " Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepel y Causeway, Loan don, E. 27. What place is probably indicated by " Chittim " ? 28. Can you refer to a statement by Josephus in reference to this subject ? 29. What should be the correct reading of the name Dodanim in Gen. x. 4? How may this error be easily accounted for ? 30. For what places does the word Rodanim stand ?