OUR CHARADES.
ow, young people," said Aunt Betsy, the life and soul and leading spirit in all our fun at winter gatherings, "who is going to volunteer to take part in a charade ? You are all very hot now, and a little quiet amuse- ment will do you good," The response to this genial invitation was not, as you might suppose, a chorus of "I will! " A silence reigned supreme, each one looking at some one else, as though every- one expected the others to volunteer. It is surprising how we resemble sheep in the way we want leading. It often requires but one to set the example for the rest to follow suit. So as nobody seemed inclined to offer themselves, I somewhat hesitatingly came forward. " That's right, Tom; I am glad to see that someone has made an offer, for I know the bidding will go on brisldy after this. Now, buyers," continued Aunt Betsy), "don't be backward. No\ws your time !" After this and other vigorous appeals, Madge and Rose, Wilfrid and Fred came forward to enlist under my standard; for
Aunt Betsy decided that as I had been the first to respond to her call, I was to be captain of the company. I am afraid I didn't feel very martial or heroic; nor did I think I possessed that commanding air which is said to inspire confidence; but, of course, I kept these doubts to myself. Fortunately, I had taken part in charades on several previous occasions, so I was not an entire novice in the matter. "Now, you recruits," said Aunt Betsy, addressing us in a soldier-like fashion, " you must swear allegiance to your captain," re- ferring to me; " and learn the first duty of a soldier-obedience." This we did in a mock heroic fashion, each one kissing the hilt of a wooden sword, a small toy produced for the occasion; and I must confess to feeling prouder and more exalted than I had ever known myself to feel before. " Away then, and do your captain's bidding, while I arrange the seats and get the audience in the fit state to witness your performance." She might well say this, for the hubbub and noise was almost deafening, as you may imagine when you think of some thirty or forty people, ranging from seven up to-well, I won't say what, talking simultaneously and question- ing Aunt Betsy as to " What we were going to do ?" and "What charades were? " and " I-IHow long we should be ? " and many other similar queries. " If you will all sit down and
leave off tallking I will endeavour to answer your questions, for at present I can't hear myself speak," was her general rejoinder. Quiet having, been restored somewhat, Aunt Betsy told them that we should choose some word of two or three syllables, and should then represent each syllable, and finally the whole word. " And," said Aunt Betsy, in con- clusion, "mind and listen very attentively, because we are expected to guess what the word is they have chosen, as they will have to say, at least once, each part of the wcrd, and in the last scene the entire word ; so keep your ears and eyes open." In the meantime we had gone into the next room, and the folding-doors had been closed, and I was left to direct the party what to do and how to do it. The first thing was to select a word, and if there is one thing more difficult than another, it is to get an appropriate one on the spur of the moment. I had deter- mined to have a word. of three syllables, so as to make our performance longer, as acting each part of the word and finally the entire word made it as it were, four acts. Madge suggested mistletoe, as she said she had acted that word before, but I negatived it as being too apparent, as it would take away the fun of the audience guessing. Wilf thought of port- manteau, but this again was a word that I had seen acted several times before, and therefore lacked novelty. I had been cudgelling my brains for a
word, when I suddenly thought of black- amoor. "What do you think of it ?" said I, men- tioning the word to the others. "Black-a- moor-we can easily represent each syllable, and then the entire word." It was agreed that it would do; so that important point being settled, the next pro- ceeding was to map out our plans and arrange how we should represent each part of the word. Rose was the only one of the party who seemed to be diffident, her chief objection being that no one had learnt up their parts. But I was able to convince her that charades were always much better if acted without any previous preparation; as unless you learn a part very thoroughly, it only cramps you in acting, whereas if you rely upon the right thing coming to you when you want it, it is astonish- ing how ideas do come-often too quickly- and we should succeed very much better as we were than if we had made the most elaborate preparations. " Now," said I, addressing my company, as Hamlet might have done, only he did it in more poetical language, " we must not make the word too apparent, because they will guess it too readily if you do, therefore you had better leave it to me to give the word to the audience." "But you must tell us how we are to represent each part of the word first," ex- claimed the four in chorus. After a little consideration it was agreed between us that we should represent the first part of the word in the following manner: Wilfred and Madge were to black their faces with burnt cork, and have some black horse- hair put over their heads to represent the woolly pates for negro and negress. Wilf was to have a long black overcoat, much the worse for wear, an old high hat, and big boots. Madge was to have a red handkerchief round her head, an old print gown, and a gay- coloured parasol. Rose and Fred were to be dressed up in some old-fashioned clothes to give them a quaint appearance, and I was to be the slave-owner. Our plan was this: Madge was to fall in love with Fred, and Rose with Wilfred by way of contrast; the ,effect of a black skin making love to a white slkin we thought would tell well. The two niggers were to speak as Mrs. Beecher Stowe .tells us they do in " Uncle Tom's Cabin"- M" e no lub nigger," " le lub white man," etc. Wehad arranged that Wilfred was to prefer the coloured girl and Fred the white one, so as to make a case of unrequited affec- tion, and when no settlement could be come to between the parties, and words were running rather high, the slave-owner (taken by myself) was to step in and arbitrate, and settle the matter to the satisfaction of all concerned. Of course, there was no difficulty in bringing in the word " black; " the very scene itself brought it in. Indeed, the chief thing was not to dwell too long upon the word. I must say that we were more expeditious than might appear from reading this, as I impressed ipon my company the importance of not keeping the audience waiting too long. It only makes them fidgety, and less inclined to pay attention when we should make our appearance before them. The scene passed off with great dclat, as they all acted well together, and backed each other up in the dialogue. This is a very important part in charades when they are impromptu, as they were in this case. It is comparatively easy to make talk if each one waits for what the other has to say, and does not cut short a speech by a too hasty desire to say something. Of course the audience, after the scene was over, commenced suggesting what the word
was we had acted; but Aunt Betsy told them to wait until the three parts of the word had been acted, and keep their suggestions to themselves until the time came for guessing the word. In the next scene I was to be a deaf old gentleman who had advertised for a companion, male or female, and the other four were to come in one at a time and state their qualifications. Of course, being deaf, it was the most natural thing for me to say, " Eh, what do you say ? " to their replies, and make some fun by misunderstanding what they said, as deaf people often do in real life. In reality I was only supposed to be shamming deafness, for when I had tired each one out by my repeated questions and mistakes, and they began to call me a stupid, and even more forcible but not very polite epithets, I started up unable to contain myself, and ordered them out of the room. The third part of the word, "moor," we represented in rather a roundabout manner, for one of the great points in charade acting is to lead the audience off the scent by dwell- ing on some word that is of no consequence. In this case we got a small boy from the audience to take the part of Oliver Twist, while Madge and Wilf, who had of course washed their faces after the first scene, took the part of Mr. Bumble and Mrs. Corney, while I took the part of the parish overseer. We got three other boys from the audience to sit at the back, and we provided them with basins and wooden spoons, while Madge super- intended the giving out of the gruel from a large tub placed on a kitchen chair. The great point in the scene of course was Oliver's asking for more, and as the boy who did this part had no notion of the word we had to bring in, it came out very ingeniously. Of course Mr. Bumble expressed his indig- nation at Oliver's insolence in asking for more, especially in the presence of the parish overseer, and he gave the audience a very laughable dis- sertation on the "ingratitood "of paupers, which Mrs. Corney confirmed by her own experience. This scene delighted the younger members of the audience, especially as Tom took the part of Oliver, which he did with evident relish. I was glad I had utilised some of the juvenile talent, as it made it appear as though all the audience were taking part, and not merely the elder members. I forgot to mention that Madge wore a very formidable-looking bonnet, with a large frill round it, and a shawl over her shoulders, and she had heightened the realism by reddening her nose and wearing spectacles. Mr. Bumble was made duly portly, and had some red cloth pinned on to his coat, with a yellow band round his hat, and a thick oak stick. Oliver being taken by a very thin boy, became the character, and when the scene concluded we were rewarded by a " call," which we responded to after the clapping had been kept up some minute or two. It did not do, as I observed, to appear too anxious for applause, as an air of nonchalance became the occasion, for did it not show that we were used to success ? It now only remained to act the entire word, which presented more difficulties than we had hitherto encountered. "The word black-a- moor must be brought in very gently and appropriately, otherwise it would be noticed at once," for I had caught several whispers from the audience that showed they were on the scent, though the last scene had considerably puzaled them. As the word bore a strong resemblance to the word of the first scene, we had to devise some fresh way of bringing it in. After several suggestions, we at length con- solidated our strength, and agreed to the following plan. I had read, in Goldsmith's Deserted Village, the lines- "The swain mistrustless of his smutted face, While secret laughter titter'd round the place."
and I determined to carry the idea suggested by the poet into execution. I was to be a country showman and magician, and the other four simple maids and swains. I had a small table placed in the middle of the room, upon which I had some bottles, six plates, and a magic wand. I dressed myself as fantastically as I could, with a long wig, hat decorated with ribbons, and a coat stuck all over with quaint symbols and figures. It was arranged that I should give a mock lecture on medicine to the other four, and prescribe love potions for them. I had determined to have an unrehearsed effect in this scene, so when I fetched the plates I had the undersides of two of them smoked over a lamp until they were nice and black. These Ikept on the top, and did not let out of my keeping, so that the others might not get an inkling of what I was to do, for I had determined to astonish the players as well as the audience. I told my company to look very sheepish at each other, and to put on a simple air that is sup- posed to be peculiar to country people. When the doors were thrown open I was in the centre with my table before me, while on my right and left were the two couples. I gave my lecture, explaining it as I went along by reference to my bottles; and after it was over I gave "Wilf and Fred the potions I had pre- pared, which were to make Madge and Rose love them at once, for the two maids were supposed to be rather coldly disposed towards the two swains. - The potions were to be supplemented by an infallible charm, and in order to work it thoroughly, WVilf and Fred were made to stand right in front of the audience while I took my place more towards the side. I gave the two smoked plates to Wrilf and Fred, and retained a clean one for myself, giving them particular injunctions not to touch the plates except as I directed them. They were to look straight at me and follow every motion I went through, whereupon I rubbed my finger round the.bottom of my plate three times and then drew it down my nose. The result was electrical in the audience when they saw the long black mark right down their faces; and as this was supplemented by others on their cheeks, forehead, and chin, the laughter was louder than ever. Of course, not knowing what was taking place on their faces, they looked so innocent, which greatly helped the effect, and it was only when I announced to the audience that they now represented the word we had chosen for our charade, that it dawned upon them they had been the victims of a joke, a fact borne out when they looked at each other, to their great astonish- ment and the increased amusement of the audience. Our part of the work was now over, and it only remained for the audience to guess the word, which they did after a little delibera- tion, though I thought, after what I had said in the last scene, it would have been at once apparent. Will and Fred had a good laugh at the way they had been tricked, and promised to have their revenge upon me the first opportunity. This they did a night or two afterwards by filling my bed with chopped horsehair and salt. Aunt Betsy organised a fresh company to act another charade as a return for the one we had performed, and that too proved a great success. It gave us some trouble in guessing, the honour of its solution falling eventually to Madge, who gave it right as " Shakespeare." We were all heartily obliged to Aunt Betsy for suggesting such an amusement, for though several of the com- pany had taken part in them on previous occasions, no one seemed to think of it until Aunt Betsy came forward, and I can only hope that other people will enjoy theirs as we did our charades. FRED. MILLER.