Our friends BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 1. Bloomed they once in Eden's bow'rs, Fairy groves adorning, In the happy, sinless hours Of Creation's morning, And amid the haunts of nien ])well they now, as pure as then. We shall all, it's very plain, If we live, be second; And this honour we'll attain When fourscore we've reckoned; Now prefix my first, and we Then a sheep's enclosure see. With my thirds the summit high Of my fourth is blended, And it was in Wales that I Its fifth sides ascended; Though a lovely summer's day, Frozen snow upon it lay. Now once more I'll sixth my best If I can deceive you, For my last must still be guessed, And this clue I'll leave you- Though it comes with sighs and tears, Yet it sounds when solace nears. BINSTEAD AND CIaOYSDILL, REBUS. No. 2. MAUD FRANcIs. §QUARE WORDS. SNo. 3. An exclamation of surprise You'll find my first to be; My second is a sort of leap, As you will plainly see. And now, kind friends, I hope you will Not thiik it too absurd If I a kino bs monkey choose To fill the place of third. J. O'BlsIr:r. REBUS. No. 4.
J. C. Saotor. Foandatioi Word. y inhitials and finals a title will frame 1,'lhich is justly the due of a fair married dame, - 0d sp0l backwards or forwards is ever the same. Cross }Yords. W.rd plorse just find that will silence proclaim; Sol mackwards or forwards and it is the same. L F°r my next please put down a feminine name; Spll backwards or forwards and it is the same; But now for an action whose meaning please name; aSell bkwards or forwards, but still is the same. In Indian coin, I know, this will proclaim, d spelt backwards or forwards is ever the same. note used in music I guess this will name, lih backwards or forwards is spelt just the same. W. KEARNEY, Bootle. LOGOGRIPH. Without a doubt, you'll find me out, I hope 'twill give you pleasure ; Behead, transpose, you'll then disclose A hkind of food from Cheshire. ou need not, therefore, scratch your pate. " oNAs."ROKY. CHARADE. No. 7. A little tree my first will be; A lapse of time will give my second; A kind of suae third will declare. A royal line whole may be rekloned. P. N. GAr T~i Dublin. P. N, GAah-fim~; Dnblin,
METAGRAM, No. 8. I'm step-fa(r)ther to the scraper- At least, so people say; But I know I'm very useful Upon a rainy day. Now, to make a beginning, Biddlers, change my head. Well, I never! I declare A grain is seeu instead. Once more change head, And then, I know, What we all do 'Twill surely show. Once again change my head, For last, I ween, A homely animal Will now be seen. ALarnr E. U. CHARADE. No. 9. Dear first, ere the sun shall awaken the day, Jshall be far aivanced on my lone., dreary way, Which others have trod with but hope for their stay, To seek richs'and honour and fame. The secon *awaits, so I bid you adieu, You who eaer were faithful, who ever were true, As firm in misfortune as when skies were blue, A first well deserving the name. And thoqgh many countries and oceans divide, May our love, still defying all barriers, abide Ever warm in our hearts, and in life's busy tide May our whole e'er continue the same. FLOSSIsi B., Manchester., DECAPITATION. No. 10. My first is a grain which you all well know; Behead, this makes a warm and cheerful glow; Again behead, and I am sure you'll say This is an action we do every day; When you once more have taken off my head, A preposition you will firi4 instead; Lastly behead, and when you have done this, A simple letter of the alphabet it is. N1L DESPERANsDUnI. PROVERB REBUS. No, 11. LAST J. C. STOsoro. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 12, Fouanhdalion IYords. Read primals down, and they will show A Young Folks heroine, I trowv; Then unto finals do the same, And they will form a hero's name, Cross Words. A covering for the hands is thin, In winter 'tis oft seen, I wis. A verb in this is surely secu, To becolume different it doe rea, n. A kiud of tree my third will thew, Within thte tropics it does grow. This is a female Cbristian name ; Now please to try and iLid the 'samne. DMy h]ot is a sweet sinlliug' lird, At early morn it may be heard. J. G. L.aliueT. ENIGMA. No. 13. One day, while walking out, I heard a sudden shout, That caused me to look round in dire dismay, When1I saw alot of boys, who were making such a noise That it nearly took my hearing quite away. A friend was standing near, so I asked him for to clear Me of all the doubts and fears in my breast. A this, he said, had been and took a kitten from the green, Then had flown away with it unto its nest. So I slowly walked away to the fields so fresh and gay, And enjoyed a pleasant ramble at my ease, When a boy, who looked quite vexed, told me that his pretty next Had gbt caught in the top of some tall trees. The words are same in sound and spelling-hbut, there! I shall be telling, So I leave our Young Folks all to do their best, This riddle, i've no doubt, will quickly be found out, If my friends will put their powers to the test. WINsnED. TRANSPOSITION. No. 14. A wish or a want herein you'll perceive; But transpose, and I've not the least doubt 'Twill show you what means to dwell or'to live, As you will see when you've found'it onut. J, TnowsnsL.
CURTAILMENT. No. 15. For first you have not far to seek. It is in Young F,,lbs ev'ry we-k; Cut off its tail, and, I declare, 'Twill leave a portion or a share. C. F. BARKER, Ramsgate. CIIHARADE. No. 16. When winter is here, 'tis such fun for the boys, For the snow is a boon to their games; Sliding ald skating on second-such joys! How merry their laughter and boisterous noise! Each light-hearted youngster the romping enjoys, And the shouting their gladness proclaims. First a shadow of care on their boyish young faces; First a shadow of gloom on the scene; First a sign of depression the spectator traces As he watches them sportively joining in races. How eagerly are they increasing their paces As the winning post nearer is seen l nESSRS. PRICE AND KITcuNiR. TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. Gay riddlers, if there were no first Our land would ruined be; Transpose with care, that this sharp tool Is useful you'll agree. ANoN. REBUS. No. 18. T. ToonY, Normantou. MIETAGRAM. No. 19. Oh, first it is that keeps the world alive, And drives away all thoughts of dark despair With wondrous power, the spirit to revive, And soothing to each heart that's filled with care. When oft we sit and second, and complain That fortune is unkind, our life the worst, That gloomy reverie has lost its pain, Then, bright and comforting, comes genial first. ANox. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 20.
/ 11. HI. lUD, Holloway. ENIIGMA. No. 21. I'm a quadrupod female, atl few are my m-atch, When 'tis something to nibbleor something to scratch; Thelre are none bult the Ifemales who go by my namtoe, Though a much larger animal's called by the same. ANON.