Our friend WAL KIIuPTON to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. Jenny Brown was the maid of a lady most beautiful, But did not f111 her place in a manner most dutiful; Therefore her mistress would frequently scold her For neglecting those duties of which she'd oft told her. One sad fault of Jane's, which was really annoying, "My lady's" good temper was often destroying; For she with the servants was fond of debating When mistress, who'd call her, was anxiously waiting. It happened, one evening, that while whole were cooking, And Jenny, with fork in hand, after them looking, A succession of second roused our heroine's irt, And unfortiunate whole nearly fell in the fire. " Oh, bother thb bell I" was the maid's exclamation. " First ladyship won't let me have recreation I , I'll just stay one momeiin, first neOt then attendiung I'll say for my tea a short time I've bebn sjiptindig." No importance to mistress's wants thus attaclliug, The maid part of whole wad engaged in despatching When into the kitchen "my lady" came waliing, And thud to "ipoor Jane" began angrily talking :. "Now, Miss Brown, you will pack up your boxes this minute. Leave my service at once; you'·o not fit to be ini it! Did you not heair the second the bell wa p~oduehing ?" Said "my lady," whose teinper was greatly redticing. Frightened Jane entered then into full explanation, To succeed in retaining first good situation Her mistress forgave hei', and one fact I'll mention- She was ne'er again guilty of such inattention. WAL KIin'rN. POLYPHONE. No. 2. Some years ago, it may be five- 1 cannot quite remember And yet about the time-well, I've An idea 'twas December. The days were cold, I well know that, The nights were long atd dibary ; And after dark we'd sit and chat, Until we all grew weary, As thus we sat, one dibary night, In rushed young Toiimmy Trueinind, With fuil expression of delight, And face with joy illumined. "You've long required something prime To first, so now'I've brdught it, Replete with tales and riddling rhyme. Just one halfpenny bought it. "Be seated all," young Tommy cries,. A" You then yourselves may judge it;" Theii watea befoi~e our startled dyte The Yonig Fol's 'Posil Budget. I've second it; and truly'say, Not fetaing contradiction, That 't's a glorious disilay Of tim-lh as well as fiction. Our nights were happy after that, However cold and nipping, For as around the fire we sat, We talked about Tim Pippin. So now, dear friends, the answer find; R will, I'm sure, begin it. 'Tis but one word, but bear in mind Two meanifgs are within it. J. MYEns, Dalton0inFurness. MirTAGRAM. No. 3. Dear friends, rIe just thought,of a riddle, The answer's quite easy, to guess, And if you'll buut thintk a few moments, You're certain to meet with success. You've only to chang. the irst letter Of first, then you'll quicily perceive That it will be sure quite distinctly My second biefore you to leave. You'll find first in every riddle That's read in the Budget each week; In this very con. you'll observe it, If for it you only will sebh. 'Tis found, too, in most books of poetry, Although in them all 'tis riot been; But each little poem cohtains it That appears in the Budget, I ween. Now, when you have found what my first is, My second youa surely will own Is a plant oft in gardehs seeni~noing, Which by all of us is well known. No doiubt you have now guessed my riddle, And the answer qite rightly could s'ay So, dear friends, I'l retire for the present, And wish you a very good day. FLossIE B., Mauchester. CENTRAL DELETION. SNo. . In every house I do abound; I'm sometimes square, and often round; You'll find I'm large, tl&igh small I'm too; Look in thlis room, I mieet your view. Delete the centrefrom above, You'll see then something we all love To read from otr important B., Of Kairon brata Or Miss Gwennie. C. R. .onnmnau. DECAPITAT'ION, , No. 5. My whole to you will surely state What meanus to paseor captivate: Cut off thehlie'd, '; a I Esodrt You'll quickly re.wllath means to hurt, If y'u decapitate again, You will, Im sutee quickly obtain . The guiding staff whlich strikes for fame, Tlhat noblest part of human frame. W. PFEIFFER.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 6. Foundation lVords. We are two whom chance never can sever, Our lots Fate as one having bound; It is in thus working together That our separate values are found. In the cot that as home the poor peasant Strives hard to maintain we are seen: In the palace, with royalty present, Again, as we always have been. In your own home if we'd no existence, You'd call it but dreary and cold; And now, with such ample assistance, Our names should be easily told. Cross Words. Oh, well on Quebec's heights Wolfe fought his battle, And Victory, rightly choosing, took his side ; Dying, his ears confused with muskets' rattle, Yet clear he heard the shout; so thus he died. I stand and look on Iceland's burning mountain, That rolled destruction o'er the villaged plain, When from its mouth, like some great jiery fountain, The scorching lava stream burst forth again. When some deep.thrilling tale of old perusing, 'Twould this my mind, all else I've heeded not; In fancy's wanderings remembrance losing, The present and its scene I have forgot. When th' arm of labourer or brain of student Long while has worked, tired Nature will declaim Upon the erring man; for rest were prudent, That with new power would this the wearied frame. Sweet to the prisoner condemned it sounded, As fountains tinkle in the desert drear ; A thrill of gladness through his being bounded, And Hope's own brightness bu st the gloom of Fear. T. L. HEmEsY. MONOPHONE. No. 7. A dusky evening in the backwoods wild : The scene a verdant glade on either side, Enclosed by foliage yet undefiled By axe of man, and there, in all their pride, Nipping the herbage sweet, a score of deer, Unconscious quite of danger urking near. Till all at once the leader stamps his feet, And wildly firsts his head and ears erect; For near thehi until now secure retreat His ever.list'ning ears a sound detect- A sound which well he knows forebodes no good- A sound of cautious footsteps in the wood. The herd full quickly catch the dread alarm, And soon across the sward in haste they bound. Too late I A spear thrown by a lusty arm The leader strikes, and.brings him to the ground. Then, bounding through the foliage bright and green, In hunter's garb, an Indian might be seen. One glance he gives, then at the flying herd He launches forth, and with unerring aim, Another spear ; then, swift as any bird, He hurries back, to find his noble game Just struggling in the lasts of cruel death, Trying in vain to hold his quivering breath. J. MrEas, Dalton-in.Furness, TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. How first Miss Dolly looks to-day I She's going off, depend upon it, To town, to buy some trifle-say A flower or feather for her bonnet. I wonder how she means to go ? She has her choice of trains or second; But neither will she use, I know, Forto a cabman she has beckoned. I'll warrant you she'll "go the rounds," And visit all the third in town, Examine things worth puunds and pounds, And in the end spend half a crown. If thou hast found my first, transpose, My second then thou hast; Again transpose, it will disclose What is my third and last. Jim. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 9. First's a river in that country Where the stately mountains rise, Adding beauty to the landscape, Tow'ring upward to the skies. Second is of many colours, May be pink, or green, or white; On the mountain, in the valley, There 'twill surely meet your sight, What gay chimes pre tho4g now falling Sweetly on my list'ging ear; Loud they ~ll a winsome couple Third are in the church so near. Sparkling on each brilliant flow'ret ' Through the quiet evening hours, Fourth looks like to glist'ning diamonds Thrown o'er earth in silver showers. BaowN.EYES. No. 10, My first is gleaming pure and white In Zillah's dainty ear, And causes talk and envy quite 'Mongst friends both far and near. Cumtail, a fruit my next will be; Transpose, and then we're borne To where they do my last, you'll see, Among the golden corn. LOrIE W., Brighton. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 11. When whole I'm alarming, you'll find, But take out my centre, and then A bird will appear to your mind, Thalt warbles in many a glen. S. FRAnsiu,pN, M'uncheslt.r.
CIIARADE. No. 12. "Tommy, Tommy, what's the matter P What's the cause of such a clatter ?" " Ma I fought with butcher Hugh, And Ay first is black and blue." 'Do not fight,' how oft I've told you! What's the use ? I need not scold you." "IMag, cold water from the pump; On my second, such a lump 1" Tom, my first is swelling so I What we'll do I do not know. Why, my whole is nearly hidden 1" " In future do what you are bidden." FREYDA SCIuBoscH. LOGOGRIPH. No. 13. A foreign wine if you'll please behead, And afterwards transpose, A Badget hero you'll have instead, As it will soon disclose. ALBERT E. U REBUS, No. 14. ROLAND QIlZ. ENIGMA. No. 15. Sharp teeth I have, yet never eat I food; Though having teeth, yet lack I tongue and lips. Able am I to gnaw through hardest wood, And bite the hardest marble into chips. An adago and. a proverb too am I, Like "modern instances," am often "wise;" And many a grain of wit you may espy In my brief mottoes if you use your eyes. Eno. REVERSION. No. 16. A word whichm'eans to recompense If you around should turn, I'm sure that a receptacle You will at once discern. W. PFEIFFIR.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 17. E. M. KiELLY, Belfast. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. No. 18. Foundation Word. Centrals, if by you read aright, An Irish lake will bring to sight. Cross Words. An Irish lake my first will be, Perhaps it's known to you and me. Now please an English map take down, And then find out a northern town. A liquor this will to you show, It's a very common drink, I know. For fourth a boy's name you will see, Composed it is of letters three. An English town next comes to view But now I'll wish you all adieu. ALBERT E. U METAGRAM. No. 19. Riddlers, please to bring to view. A word synonymous with true But change its head, and it will be Found in the icy northern sea; Change once again, and lo I 'tis plhin A seaport town will thenu remain. S. FsANTlNr,T, Mfanchester.
SQUARE WORDS. No. 20. Perhaps upon a first you're lying, Whilst reading in the B., And now resolved upon descrying The riddles that you see. And then, besides, you read the stories, And hear of many'a third, Of pretty Gwennie, Kairon's glories- With wonder you are stirred. Inside the kitchen for my second Please kindly go and look; By us 'tis very useful reckoned Whene'er we wish to cook. My last to you will soon be showing Some insects very clever; To imitate these creatures knowing In some respects endeavour. FLossIE B., Manchester. TRANSPOSITION. No. 21. What every one possesses, If you will please transpose, A very hard but useful tool I think it will disclose. H. M. DONNEC. DECAPITATION. No. 22. My first to the weary is welcome indeed ; It is rest to the faint in the time of their need; And if you desire my second to see, A part of yourself it will certainly be. MAUD BARTO., ANAGRAM. No. 23. Ethre kblca wscor ast no a reet, Sa lkbac sa nay rosew oucld eb, Dna echa backl orwc dasi ot ish mteo, " Wath lahls ew od rfo odof ot act ?" ANON.