Our friend F. W. BaNsT~aD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. I've often heard a child express A wish to be my first some day, Thinking the truest happiness Must be among the rich and gay. Some think my first has naught but joy Because he is so great and grand I That pleasureo's his without alloy lecacuse he's only to command And all obey; but if they know, They'd understand his labour's hard- P'raps harder than the work we do- His joy by many a care debarred. No manual work, I must confess, He does; but work that you or me Could never d . I'd ne'er express A wish my gorgeous first to be. Teeming with danger is my second's life, And hard he has to work for daily bread; His hands are hard. Repeated toil an I strife He undergoes for wherewith to be fed. He sails upou the still and lonely deep, As silent and as cheerless as the grave. He works while all Young Folks are fast asleep, Gain ng his living from the briny wave. He's always poor, I've never found him rich, This worker in the stilly, solemn night. Let's hope contentment, that good fairy witch, Helps him along, and makes all things look bright. My whole's a bird ; but whether large or small I must not tell you. lest you should know alL I courteously challenge you to try And find me out-then bow, and say, " Good-bye " F. W. BInsTEAuD. PROVERB REBUS. No0. 9. POLLY I'E rcHLL.
METAGRAMS. No. 3. My whole, dear riddler (at least, so 'tie said), Makes what is worn upon the head, Of shapes there are a great many, But you need not write down any. Its head now please decapitate, And supply it with another, And then you'll see, as sure as fate, A pudding made of eggs and sugar. When the above you have done correct, And if in it i ou no mistakes detect. IRepeat the change (as in the one just p"issed), I think you'll find that this means the last. Once mere, dear ridd:er, use your axe, And perform the same again, And then, think you'll surely own That this is a noise made by rain J. MURRAY, Liverpool. No. 4. I'm a metal that's found In Australian ground ; But if you change my head, A word for grasp, Or call it clasp, You'll surely have instead; '1 he change repeat, And if done neat, I trow, dear friend, you'll see A word for brave Now, puzzler grave. I'll say farewell to thee. P. LABCELLES. No. 5. If a delicious fruit you change its head. A word that means audience you'll have instead. J. S. HICKMAN, Hammermlit.i. CURTAILMENTS. No. 6. Part of a verb if you'll curtail, A river of England you' .1 have without fall E. LEO C. L. No. 7 A town in l.ngland If you twice curtail, A delicious fruit You will have without fail. T. WARD. No R. If you three times curtail a poet's name. An animal you will find of domestic fame. SNOWDROP.
LOGOGRIPHS. My whole is made of china: Behead, and then transpose, And somethiug in the B1ldge~ Moro surely 'twill disclose. LOTTY W., Brighton, No. 10. Change primal of a kind of thread, And a building you will have instead; Next change tall, and, 1 ween, A poet qtickly will be seen; Another change of head, 'tis true, Will bring the reverse of soft to view; Change my primal once again, And an animal I will name; Change head again, and. you'll find, A vehicle is brought to mind; N'ow change tail, if you wish, And you'll find I am a fish; Lastly change head. and you will see A musical instrument I shall be. POT IIOOx. DECAPITATIONS. No. II. \ lhat means to spring if you take off the head, An animal you then will have instead. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. No. 12. A kind of stream if you behead, A bird you'll surely have instead. POT HooK. No. 13. A monster of the deep if you behead, What means to listen you'll have instead; Again decapitate, and there will be The vessel that saved Noah's family. R. E. D., Exmouth. GEOGRAPIIICAL REBUS. No. 14. S . .. it A. W. ii.. ( it: .
PUZZLES, No. 15. One-fourth of drew, One-fourth of glue, And then two-lifths of brown; One-fourth of sham, One-fourth of dram, Will name a Scottish town. J. PARISH. No. 16. One-third of dug, One-third of mug, Also one- hird of nap; One-third of lad, One-third of tad, And then one-third of lap; To those just add one-third of Kew, And bring an Irsh town to view PoTIO r. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 17. If of an English town The centre you delete, A very precios jewel I think you'll have complete. G. WILLIS, Cork. No. 18. When whole, I mean to grieve; The centre take away, And you will then perceive The first part of the day. F. A. CORDREY, Shiplake. PALINDROMES. No. 19. Pertaininz to a city, My si st to you will name; And it's true. if rever-ed by you, It still remains the same. C. FERSNBANKS, Oxford. No. 20. Backwards and forwards I read the same; My whole is a girl's Christian name. SNOWS nor.
TRIPLE ACROSTIC, No. 21. Foundation Words. Whene'er I get the Y. F. B., I to the last page turn, And notice that one of the three A place can always earn. As poets, they all stand alone; For every week you see Their names, as you will surely own When you have found the three. Cross Words. Come here, Young Folks, and this please indite. At school you have done it, I think I am right; And if to a laundry you ever have been, lly second the assistants were doing, I ween; If of chemistry you've an idea. An inflammable fluid will soon appear; The map of india now search o'er, And you'll find this on the western shore; A kind of poplar let this be voted, For its trembling leaves, I'm told, it is noted; Au instrument put down for last, For catching fish in the sea it's cast. The primals and centrals and finals, If put down in order, will spell The names of those three hBdget poets Who deserve all their praise so well. J, S. HIC.i\AN, Hammersmith. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 22. If you transpose a river that flows Through the sunny south of France, A bird. I trow, which we all know, You'll then see at a glance. No. 2. . BEYNON, Bristol. No. 25. A driver drove a first along, And as he drove he sang a song, For jolly be was r, ckon, d. His firsts were wild . but when transposed, He found they speedily disclosed To be quite calm and second. He drove along at stendy p co" Transposed again, before his face His good old third did see. Who said," If you are hungry. Bill, i'll give you last with right good will; So take it unto thee." J. G. LUisnnE. PROVERB REBUS. No. 24. T. G. REVERSION. No. 25. For fir t a conveyance You will see, it is true; Turn it round, and the same Will at once come to view. H. H. ADAMS. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF lASt' Wiblk 1.-James Henderson. Thus : 14.-Maize. maze. Jovial, Absolute, Main, 15.-Penny wise and pound langcrness, Ship, Hope. foolish Eagerly, Nothing. Daunt- 16 -Brig, rib. less, Erect, Resignation, 17.-H-egina, Niger, gin. Schooner Orlop, Neptune. 18.-Share, hane, are, e.,r. 2.-. Moth, doth, loth, both. 19.-Please. lease, case. s.-Coffee. toffee. 20.-Napoleon, St Il!ollea. 4.-Ventriloquism, ventrilo- 'Thu : NapleS, AhboT, quist. PertH,OlivE, LoyaL,E) ri , 5.-The sun. OrphaN,' NormA." 6.-Because it is two-and- 21.-Spear, pear, car. six. 22.-Rain-bow. 7.-Moon-beam. 23.-Dragon-fly. 8.-Gum, mug. 24.-Peter-bead. 9.-Yard, dray. 26.- I E B S 10.-Fools rush in where angels fear to tread. E V E It 11.-Mayo. May. B E S 12.-Pink, pin 13.-Mouth, moth. E R S E