OUR SPHINX.
Ail contributions must be written on one side of the paper only, and be original, or the sender will be debarred from a future appearance in our columns.
s e d I e s d e e s 73. CHARADE. If e'er to old Ireland you perchance'make your way, My first, I am ccrtiin, you will meet on the qu»y, At a couritry election, when the bos« may be vexed, It's there, my dear readers, thit you'll find my next. If you go to Switzerland, th \ land of the free, In that gallant country, n>y whole you will sec. John Robkut Danikl, Dublin. 74. CHARADE. My first is in willow, but not in beech ; My second is iu sight, but not m reach ; My third is in lion, but not m bear; My f -и. th is in slit, but not in tire; Mv fifth is in river, but not in sea; My sixth is in handle, but not in key ; My äcvct.th is in money, but not in cin ; My eighth is in shouHcr, but not in loin ; My ninth is in meat, but not in giisle ; My tenth Ь in primro.-e, but rot in thi-tle; My ehvtnth is in early, but not in soon ; My twelfth is in tig« r, out not in groom ; My thirteenth is in l<>n¿, but not in short; My fourWn-h İ4 in cas le, but ι ot in fort ; My fifteenth is in liquor, but no- in drink ; My sixtet'nth is in gutter, but not in sink ; My seventeenth is in house, but not in hut; My eighteenth is in twin?, but, not in gut; My nineteenth is in cloud, but not in tog; M twentieth is ш taduob, but i.ot in frog; And my whole is the name of a wel.-known author. 75 REBUS. A gom. Λ teacher. A cord. A vessel. A weapon. Λ hanoié. A measure. A corner. A river of Troas. Th · initi ils read downwards give the name of a popular part of the " Young Gentleman's Novelist.'" F. J. Bailky. 7δ. SQUARE WORDS. A madness. A kind of nut. Celebrated. A Roman goddess of peace. A noted range of mountains. W. T. Chrsterman. 77. DIAMOND WORDS. A letter (consonant . An animal. Obedient to law. A weapon. A sudden ftar. To allow. A consonant. Read tbe middle letters downwards and across—a weapon. Re d down the next row, to the lelt, you have a word signifying something to a king. Read downwards, the next row to the left, and you have a part ot' the body. II. E. Spencer.