Our friend CHILD OF THE SUN to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1.
Oh, the happy.hearted summer passes silently away, When the herald of the winter tolls the knell of her decay, And the smile of freshening joyance that illumes the thank. ful heart 'Neath the frown of grim misfortune has full often to depart. Oh, I mind me of a trouble that the grieving country knew Ere the soft and sombie autumn last departed from the view! And I mind me of the cherished who were rent from earth away, And the broken hearts that mourned them many a long and bitter day. 'Mid the echo of many a joyful song Sped the boat along, Cleaving the waves of the winding stream 'Neath the moon's pale beam. Over the waters they went their way, Unfettered and gay; They dreamt they were seconded well from harm In that midnight calm. "Oh, soon we shall slumber at home again I" Said the careless train, And ne'er a shadow of cankering care Seemed hovering there. But suddenly out from the dark there came The towering frame Of a mighty ship, like the shadow of death, On the souls beneath. One terrible crash, and a weird, wild yell, Like a funeral knell, And the Princess A lice her fair form gave To a watery grave. And all the shuddering hearts that erst Were happy and first Now fight for the life they had dreamt was free From calamity. Oh, who shall tell of the glorious men, Who were heroes then, Who helped the weak with a ready hand To the welcome land ? Six hundred drowned I Oh, terrible day That has called away So many souls from the sorrowing earth To their second birth I Oh, may we never be told again Such a tale of pain I Oh, grant some total henceforth may be 'Gainst the misery! CmHILD OF THE SUN. DIAMOND TRIPLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. My cross words discover, then diamond.wise trace, In firsts, lasts, and centres three towns you may place; Then take down your map--at a cursory glance You'll find two in England, the other in France. Cross Words. Dear letter L-I hope you're well, As this leaves me at present; To be at rest, must be confessed, To us ivery pleasant. For now the boys, with all their noise, Have gone for their vacation, We letters all, both great and small, Are free from their dictation. The way we're used and so abused Is nearly past my telling; We get no thanks, they play us pranks, In all sorts of misspelling. They're still as mice (oh, dear, how nice !) When 'neath their master's second; But, ah, 'tis sad ! their conduct's bad, If he away is beckoned. But now they're gone, Dick, Tom, and John, I scarce can realize it. That bustling life, with all its strife, I certainly despise it. The way I've grieved won't be believed, Although I've felt much better, Upon my word, e'er since you third To me that charming letter. Dear me, their tricks make me prolix- The fourth I must be reaching, So for a spell we'll say farewell To teachers and their teaching. So now I'll close this long address,- Your ever.loving letter S. A. S. PLATTS, Sheffield. METAGRAM. No. 3. I am no sailor, though they call me ... I have no knowledge how to reef and . , I was told to carry a very large ... Instead, I went to the stable ... And loosened my good old father's ... Thinking, perhaps, that his broad ... Was better suited to carry a .. . The only thing I then did ... Was a bridle to lead it by the head, Which, when you've changed, the riddle's read. CECILIA JANE R. MONOPHONE. No. 4. In a neat little grassy enclosure, Round which was a fencing of wood, With first little Tommy was playing, Enjoying himself as he should. But his fun for the present was ended, For over the fence first went clear. To some boys Tommy loudly did second, "Hi, lads I throw my first over here!" ALEX. S., Glasgow. CURTAILMENT. No. 5. A bird I'll present you; Take its tale, that is all, And you'll have what my tailor I often do call. G. GRNT, Potersham.
DECAPITATION. No. 6. My first does mean to captivate, But if you will decapitate, I'm sure that you will quickly see A word that meaneth injury; But now behead this word so grim, And it will leave a useful limb. C. F. BARKER. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 7. A line of links my whole will be; I think I'll give another clue- Perhaps a watch is worn by you, Not far from it my whole you'll see. Now kindly take the centre out, And then you'll have what all possess, 'Tis not an article of dress, But what we'd not look well without. J. WonSWICx. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8. %% ANON. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 9. A dish behead, and then you'll see That second much behind will be; Behead me once again, I pray, You all did this but yesterday; For next you'll please transpose poor me, A certain beverage sure you'll see. R. WATT, No. 10. A small indentation behead and transpose, And a number, I'm certain, answer will disclose; Now if you'll turn this number rightly round, What's used for catching fish will then be found. F. RIDLET. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 11. Hard and pretty, 'neath the sea 't doth lie; Erase the centre, something you'll espy Hard and useful-'neath the earth't doth lie. J. MYERs, Dalton.in.Furness.
REBUS. No. 12. ANON. CURTAILMENT. No. 13. He sings the mighty hero's praise, The chivalry of bygone days, Of faithful love, of gallant deeds, Of noble knights, of prancing steeds. He sings the praise of nature green, The beauties of the rural scene, And everything, or bright or fair, Takes in his song an equal share. O'er battle rings his summoning call, And brave resolve awakes in all ; And by his song, upon her breast, The mother lulls her babe to rest. And second from the world shall claim The honour of that honoured name; Misfortune marked him as her son, And soon his bright career was run. T. L. HEMERY. OMEGRAM. No. 14. In spring you may often hear it Ina rookery or near it; Change my tail, and then, believe me, On your head you'll p'r'aps perceive me, J. G. LAMBERT.
CHARADE. No. 15. One morning fair, in the balmy air Of summer, I chanced to stray, When, blooming bright 'neath the sun's ..ee. Alone on its slender spray, e li A first did greet, with its fragrance sweet, My senses, and, oh, how full My heart did seem I for it brought a dream From realms above of my early love, And I stopped this fiow'r to cull. ' " Oh, fair they'll be who will rival thee, Or, aspiring, claim thy place, For thy humble mien, O blushing queen, Does but lend thee twofold grace. I saw thee-no, 'twas not long ago- 'Neath this same summer's sun, But blooming not. Ah, 'twas near forgot That thou wert then what thou ne'er again Canst be, 0 precious one I" But, riddlers, mind, if you fain would find The answer this con. unto, Please do not pause at this puzzling clause, 'Tis patience will find the clue; For whole, sweet name, does but mean the same, Distinct though in size it be-- As second; so will my first, I know, Express to thee what my whole must be When it reaches maturity. J. CIaRLES, Belfast' METAGRAMS. No. 16. Weep for the valiant warrior dead! Long, long for glory had he first, Where all the earth with blood was red Where o'er the struggling soldier's head The shrieking shell in fragments burst. Second to him was danger dread- Second to him was ev'ry pain; Boldly he third, and often bled; For glory was his life.blood shed- Alas, that it was shed in vain I Dear England, you have heroes-yes- Who guard your rights at'any cost, But with each vict'ry they grow less, And dearly fourth is each success Where such a noble life is lost. BINSTEAD AND CROTDIL, No. 17,. Please change an English river s head, _An animal you'll have instead; If you w:ll change the head again, A weed you then will see quite plain; Now, please don't say that I'm a bore If I say change the head once more, And then before you will appear An animal you need not fear ; Change head again, then will be seen A word which very scarce does mean. No longer will I trouble you, For I'm about to say adieu. Cocouno, DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. This is often seen When walking on the shore; Behead, and now I mean Devotions-nothing more; Behead again, I show A single beam of light; Behead again, I know I Ipegn "Yes, yes, all's right I" Behead again, I say, Ye solvers, all of you, This is the end of day. And now I'll say adieu. Kellos. No. 19. Young friends, take the head From a part of the face, A word meaning quarrel You have in its place. A.sx. S., Glasgow, SQUARE WORDS:, No. 20. If you can get this once, no doubt, My puzzle you will soon find out. He who could do this in deceit Might fairly get the name of cheat. This river keeps two continents apart ; You'll find it quickly if you search the chart. They twist and wriggle, and they slide about; How they are caught I never could make outB No. 21. If through a gate you pass, Perhaps my first you'll pay; You'll die my second once 'Tis certain, so they say. In Wales my third you'll find, If industry's your fwte; My fourth in England's seen, And this will end our sport. MaILDnED E. Syais ENIGMA. No. 22. They are raven, golden, hoary, Either may be surely yours, And to shorten a short story, They are fixed to all our dooPeters ha G. GRnAnr, retcrshsm,