Our friend A THISTLE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONIE. No. 1. Dea Ed, again I take my pen, nd send'for your perusal One puzle more, which will rm sure) Not meet with youir refpsal. At any li tte, my hopes atr great That thbough it won't elicit Much praisdTrom you, yet'still I do Hope yoqu Wo't have to this it, And into the wastce-pper B. Or to the flames consign it, For that to meib woul4 tn to be A hititthat you Ieoline it. But then if you this course pursue, Without my host I've reckoned, And who can Eay but that I may Leot fall a silent second P A THIsTLa AUROSTICAL ACROSTIO. Nn. 2. Cross Words. F ollow up this little rhyme, Losing not one first of time. O r else whole you will not find; 8econd please now bring to mind, 8 earch for it a tree, I ween- I t I'm sure you've often seen; E ngland's oreign trade is this, J3 ut more I must not say. I wis; M y fourth will surely bring to view A riddler's name, both good and true ; N1 ow next will be aninga:ie town, Come, find pt gdtabd ait down ;l H ere in th'I word yoi will espy E levationh or aiping high; 8 ay for my lst a bolour light, 'T is neither red, blue, green, nor white. Foundation Words. E ndeavour my primals to bring to mind, B ead them right, a poet you'll find. S. ROBINSON, OM BAM. First now to the horn, as its tidnd's shrilly heard Over the valley and orer the plain, Awakening each tiny atd sluinbering bird, Thinking that danger at last is aiaii. See now the swift second that files away fast, Over the valley and over the plain I But his mounted pursuers have caught him at last, 'Mid boisterous shouts he Is borne back again. From s"' e mossy overt a third springeth out, Bounding like mad over ally and plain Like the second, he's cauogit ain d many a shout, But they leave him to die in lingering pain. '1 he fourth, hoofs of horses sound heavy and loud Over the valley and over the plain; The hunters they form quite a merrisome crowd. And gladly they laugh o'er the seconds they've slain. The sound of my fifth is now borne to their ears, Over the valley and over the plain, And the clear niorning air doth resound with their cheers, As idly they list to the exquisite strain. They'look, and they see an old men drawing near, Over the valley and over the p, "i. " We will do you no sixth," they cried, " so don't fear; But kindly pour forth that sweet song once again." H. H. ADAms. We are thick, we are thin, ae lre large, we are small, And we mostly, you'll find, ard of service to~all; By the student smi soholks we greatly are used, Though by all naughty children we're sadly abused; Just like you, wp have names, we've a back and two sides, Though no arms to protect us whatever betides; But in this I don't think that I wrongly surmise You are sure to find in us both large and small eyes. We don't. like most people, for show care a pin, But, just like a few others, our worth lies within, And though often you see uS drt'ssed gaily outside, Our true value within us will always'abide: Sometimes we so deeplyyour mind will impress, That your eyes will Db filled at some scene of distress; But then, too, when we're in a mgeh livelier rtraian We can bring back the snille to gour lips once againa We could tell you of days that have passed long ago, Of discoveries and wondrous inventions we know; We describe to you things and events of all kipds, And instruction and pleasure We give to your minds. But it would, I'm afiaid thbke li far loo much space If all our vast knowledgb I wanted to trace; So, dear friends, I think now I will bid you good-bye- The answer, I'm sure, won't take long to descry. FLossIB B., Manchester. CHARADE. No. 5. By first you'll find that all mankind Their daily bread obtain, But yet I spar you'll often hear Some folks of me complain. That nothing's done without me, none wll 1or an instant doubt. ow if you choose my first to use, You'll qiickily lhid mbi out. My second next appears in sight; I'ed gombtimes heavy, dometimes light, And rsgmtiefe$ oblong, sometimes square- fiiifao. n no ~hape am I rare; I;p mode qs wood, I'm hollow too; And how, dear friends, I'll say adieu, My whole the ladies all possess, They could not 4o without me; But gentlemeno, I must booifess, Don't trouble much about me, MileI sardly hed explain, 'Y"t with i adit rot yfou And now I'l t d, s:Ye an, For fear les I aniit oild biOrjd alTHITIJ,, ~ -9 TEI5T- ,
DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 8. Foundation Words. r.oth finals and primals read downwards aright, A title we all love will bring to your sight, Cross Words. This we shall be some day-its true, Though 'tis unkind reminding you. In a garden, not a house, Lived this lady with her spouse. This is a pretty female name: Now please to try and guess the same. Young Folks are this, I scaree need say, Especially on the Budget day. We must do this when fortunes frown, And all our efforts cease to crown. The world is this when, like a veil, (,'er us the evening shades prevail. This word from France I've stolen quite, It means, in English, impolite. A temporary building this- You've seen it in the fields, twis. This place across the ocean lies, 'Neath the warm and fairer skies. The barber much with me will do- Well, therel I've nearly told it you. CLARA WILLIAMS. CHARADE. .\0 7 BM\ first's a venerable way tIt causing language to be laughable, 'T hus been in vogue full manv a day Among the witty and the affable. If ) ou are literary, or At all alive in conversation, I thi k you've heard it often, for It i- peculiar to the nation. Ny strcou is a masculine. Cut by :,ubbrl viation's sickle; Y. u've iften soeon him "cut a shine," II wever big, however little. I1' hohIs his head serenely high, His attili.de shows his position; But. sp'ealtig confidently, I Don't c:re a fig for his condition. But mruny live of better make, WhIiw hearts i're of a manly metal; Who'e principles I mean to take, Aid, rich in their p'lssession, settle. Mly t tial is apiercing style, Which haie cunsider very clever; But now I'll lev ,i you for a while- I hope I never shall for ever. CHILD OF THE EUN. MIONOPHONE. No. 8. i hurt my first some time ago; Wl\hat is that first, you'll want to know, 'ut, that I can't conftess, Or must not, for as. you'll agree, 'Twould surely then no puzzle be For you, my friends, to guess. Let this suffice,'tis not my head To second it. the doctor said, Wouln; not take very long; " A.d if you'll follow my advice, I'll have l ou better in a trice, All well again and strong." I followed his advice, but, oh I Though sure his cure 'twas pIrecious slow, And Iraught with pounds and pain: But if by chance I should be hurt Acain, then I am cure that third Nit doctor me again. So now it you my first but trace, Take fti m it e. then in it's place .1 -t platut tIhe letter a, 1 I ... : c.,,nd it will surely spell; In aid of a now place an 1, 'Twill then the third display. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furnes. DECA PITATION, No. 9. What a Babel of noise was the station When the ,' iP hs in four-wheeler were brought I What a tas P.rer found to accomplish When for tickets and places he sought I But at length they were all safely settled, 'And exp cting each second my whole; A wrath ui and fierce exclamation, Andt I I train began onward to roll. Now, Mi ts. Smith had in a basket r rime r . t,lbles carefully packed, Aud tl ui' sgters, through all the confusion, ladl ui'\i r lost sight of the fact. , o now, to w:ii. iuger unable, They ma wnl hLiu mercy did tease ; "Oh. ma, t'ear.I do feel so hungry; Do let us h1ji, something-do, please I" "But, darlings," she said," you can't want it; our journey is only begun;" 'Twas in vain that she reasoned and argued, So the basket perforce was undone. With pork-pie. with cake, and with biscuit, The covered second appeared, And the hungry young lions devoured it, While their months with the jam soon were smeared. Thus the train on its journey proceeded, Green meadows and fields flying past, Till the speed of the engine was slackened, And, "Here we are! Margate at lastl" Yes. the Smiths had arrived now at Margate, Where seekers of pileasure will find, With the numerous charms of sweet yature, The attraetions of third are combined. T. L. HEMERY. iREVERSION, No. 10n. A name for a po t will you put down, Will ion read it then, and turn it round, For if you do but do it right, A colour then will come to sight. B., Essex.
HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 11 John Edwards is a lover true, He loves sweet Mary Weir; He called at Mary's house to sue; She lent a willing ear. "I am not fair," she coyly said, "My garb is poor, you see; But this I hope "-she drooped her head-- " Won't mar your love for me." He careth not for satin vest, He careth not to find A comely face, but loveth best Her cheerful heart and mind. T. LORIAINEBI LOGOGRIPH. No.12. A northern,river if you behead, A kind of grass you'll have instead: Behead once more, and turn me round, And another river will be found. W. S AND A. R. T. Chiswick. REBUS. No. 18. "4O I o H, BROWDIE, Yorkshire.
I METAGRAM. No, 14. First's a gentle bird. I ween: Chnnge head, a tender feeling's seen Change head again, and you will find What means to stir 'twill bring to mind ; The process now repeat again, I oft did this o'er hill ann plain. J. CoLLiNs, Balbriggan. LOGOGRIPH. No. 15. When calmly you rest in your slumbers am I; Behead, and a quantity of paper descry; Then please change my head. and I'm sure youe will see Thi:t I'm known to all sewers wherever they be. What letters are left do you kindly transpose, And a word meaning like before you disclose. BROWNEYES. REBUS. No. 16. HENRY BRO W N, Bootle CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. I had a first with brother Joe About this very riddle; He had the impudence to say That o was not the middle I'm sure he might as well have said That d was not in fiddle. The heart of first now take away, And do it neat and clever, An alteration will be seen- Yes.surely Did you ever Now Young Folks all, I'll say good-bye, l he best of friends must sever. W. MARCODIB. SQUARE WORDS, No. 18. I fiercely did this in a fantasy wild, To this to destroy my dear innocent child ; But, thinking that One 'yond this blue space above In wrath frowned upon me, I this then did prove ; Ah I the thought of that act oft does this on my mind, Yet still from thewhole a true square you will find. SORUTATOR, Dublin.
PALINDROME, No. 19. A girl's name, which is often heard, If you will please turn round, And afterwards read o'er again, To prove the same is found. ANAGRAM. ALBERT E, D, No. 20. -Theore hte dol eas tinacpa, How leetw ni loganlhed, Ot nigk redfal,het ovrel to urtht, Robguth a swon-hiwet laeswr ohtot, Chiwh eh lehd ni sih worbn girth nadh. HII. V. TILBUy, ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &'. OF LAST WEEK. 1.--Pinder, Freeman, 9.--Oboe, banjo, organ, harp Hemery, Queenie. Adams. bassoon. 2.-J. Myers. Thus: Jam, 10.-Broom,room, moor. Meal, Yes, Ease, Rose, Soap. 11.- M U L K 3.- SORitOW URAL SP IRI T LANE HORNET E LEN LOT I ON 12.-Prince Imperial S E E N E 13.-Transparent. BA G I NG 14.-Charm, harm. 4.-Flour, four. 16.-Millwall 5.- Carp, whale, perch, eel, 18.-Golf, log, go. ling, dolphin, roach, sole, 17.- T 0 R trout. minnow, pike, shark, 0 R E sunfl-h. R E D 6.- Bread, bred. 18.-Deer, seer. 7.-A;pot-he-caries. 19.-Edwin S. Hope, Sophy 8.-The air. W., T. Plnder, Clara Williams.