Our friend ETTIE E. WHEsLER 'to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. No. i. Founidatloi Words. My primals when read down by you, Will-bring a sispleidid tale to view. Cross Words. One-fourth of tone, One-fourth of cone, And then one-third of hay; " One-fourth of mare, One-foui'th of care, Will give a kind of clay. One-fourth of wine, One-fourth of wino, And then one-fourth of rose; One-fourth of seal, One-fourth of deal, A heroine will disclose. One-fourth of time, One-fouirth of lieid, And then one-fourth of grey ; One-fourth of cake, One-fourth of rake, Will give a beast of prey, One-fourth of head, One-fourth of lead, And then one-fourth of lame; One-fourth of Kent, One-fourth of rent, Will give a Christian name. One-fourth of gale, One-fourth of bale, And then one-fourth of hood; One-fourth of near, One-fourth of year, Will give a sort of wood. One-fourth of bane, One-fourth of lane, And then one-third of tow ; One-fourth of book, One-fourth of nook, An English-town will show. One-fourth of bell, One-fourth of dell; And then one-fifth of might; Oed-fourth of moon, One-fourth of soon, Will bring a fruit to sight. One-fourth of late, One-fourth of date, And then one-fourth of ring; One-fourth of boar, One-fourth of roar, Will give an English king. .One-fourth of road, One-fourth of load, And then one-fourth of beer; One-fourth of line, One-fourth of pine, And a bird will then appear. One-fourth of mate, Ohid-fitiili of irta, And then one-fourth of gain; One-fourth of rust, One-fourth of dust, Will give a river of Spain. ETTrE E; WnEBLuR. DOUBLE DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. My first is just one-third of met; My next will name a household pet: My third is a town in Pembroke, I ween ; And fourth in winter time is seen; My fifth is at the front of a house; And sixth you'll find is the tail of a mouse ; My seventh, abbreviated, means esquire; And next is a town in Bedfordshire ; For my ninth put down a number; And my last is always in the river Humber; The centrals, if they are read aright, Three British towns will bring to sight. POTHOOL, ' NUMERICAL CHARADES. No. 3.-I am a word of nine letters. My 4, 2 6, 8, 1 is a fraud ; my 7, 8, 9 is a beam of light; my 5, 6, 9 is a tone in music; and my whole is the name of a celebrated author.- W. DRURY. No. 4.-I am a compound word of twelve letters. My 12, 7, 2, 9 Is a disease; my 3, 1, 8, 9 is to disperse; my 6, 5, 4, 9 is an inaect: mny 9, 7, 8, 3 is a journey; my 3, 10, 9 is an animal; my 7 2, 9, 3, 4, 11 is to have passed; and my wholelis an anim .L-W. E. P., Bermondsey, CHARADES. No. 5. The thunder roars and lightnings flash, 'The sea is very high, The gallant bark is tempest toss'd, For help the sailors cry. In eager haste my first to save, They try my. second's aid, And leave the vessel to her fate, Fearful, yet undismayed. They turn their gaze o'er waters vast, New hope inspires each soul, For hastening to their recue then They see my gallant whole. SAMUEL. No. 6. My first is found upon the ground, I often tread upon it; My second fairi, a look of hair, Strays from 'neath hat or bonnet; On whole I lie, while in the sky The stars are brightly shining. From labours freed, I wish you speed, As whole you are divining. F, W. PETCHELL. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. A female's name if you transpose, A hurt to the skin it will disclose ; Next behead, I think I'm right, And a kind of mhineral will come to sight; Again transpose, and thea, I ween, Part of a fish willsoon be seen. J, MURRAY, Liverpool.
ARITIE OREM. No. 8. 50 and ubb = A round root 56 ,, eel = Flat 1105 ,, nan - Empty space transposed 1050 ,, utene & To rival 1550 ,, nabeeblba = A strait 105 ,, teaeau = To make empty 50 ,, ulare = A shrub 51 ,, blear = Generous Read downwards the primals, A heroine 'twill name; Arid ditto the finals, When lo 'tis the same. A SOOTcH LASSIE. OMEGRAM. No. 9. A female's name if you change tail, An Irish county you'll have without fail, AUIrT MATTIE. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10. II BRANNEN. VERBAL CHARADES. No. 11. My first is in brain, also in mind; My second's in magic, I think you'll fdud; My third is in bridle, also in rein; My fourth is in street, also in lane ; My fifth is in stick, but not in cane. Now these letters by you placed aright, A brave commander will bring to sight. MADGE WVILLFIRE, Manchester. No. 12. I'm found in light, but not in dark; I'm found in field, but not in park; I'm found in wheat, but not in corn; I'm found in sorrow, but not in mourn Fin found in good, but not in bad; I'm found in boy, Bu not in lad; I'u foiid in tiiiW, biit-ptin hay, SAhnd thisis all I have ogt'to say; But if you place the letters right, A Scottish town will come to sight; J. F. B. REBUS. No. 13. A, W. B.OORES, London. DECAPITATION. No. 14. When King Winter holds his sway You will feel this, I daresay; Of its head if you despoil, Many folks o'er this do toil ; Cut off its head, and then, I think, From being this you ought to shrink; Now to guess me you must seek, And the answer see next week. G. F. LEATHERS. METAGRAMS. No. 15. Hark! what do I hear, 'tis the first of a horn, The hunters are out this beautiful morn; Lo I what do I see ? 'tis a second-another- Here comes the whole pack, one after the other; Please guess my first, then perhaps you'd better, To find out my second, change the first lottel. JIM. No. 16. A part of man if you'll change head, What means finished you'll have instead; Change head again, and you will see An instrument much used by me; Again change head, and I suppose A numeral ddjective this will disclose. 'VIOLET G. G., RE~VERSIONT. NO'. 17. If you reverse what lieans to seiid out What's useffll to all you'll hhave wirithdut doubt. H. B.sYaox, Bristol.
DIAMOND PUZZLe, No.18. Now, riddling friends, this cross begin By writing down one-third of gin: And, for the next, to keep things right You'll please put dowii a heavy weighia When walking through the fields in spring, My third we oft hear sweetly sing ; A great boon this to the working man, Whose life at bestis but a span; Description of this line I'll show, In another verse, to you below ; lIy cross, though father strangely set, You'll find quite this, so do not fret; 'A well-known city here you see, Famed for its beautiful scenery; This is but single, so, no tloubt, You very soon will find it out; And now, to finish off the cross, You'll please set dowhn oie-fourth of loss. Now, from the ceiitre of the cross, If you read to the right, A celebrated sculptor's name Will then appear iin sight; Then to the left if you do read, A famous admiral yoi'll see; And from the centre to the top, A welt-known poet there will be: Then from the centre to the base, Another poet's napie you'll view, Whose never-dying fame is spread O'er land and sea; so now adieu. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness, LOGOGRIPHS. No. 19. What's used in dressing cloth you'll find My whole will doubtless be ; Curtail, and then what means to vex Assuredly you'l1 see ' Curtail once more, and then if you Will skilfully tianspose; A kind of bench or chair you'll see It quickly will disclose; Now, riddling bards, transpose again And then, if I am right, What moans to glut or satisfy Will quickly come to sight. C. A. W. ELDRIDOE, London. No. 20. What means to waste if you behead, A kind of medicine you'll have instead; Curtail, reverse, and then, I know, Part of your frame 'twill surely show. J. T. H., Sheffield Park. CENTRAL DELETIONS, No. 21. From different sounds, the centre delete, And what every maj has you'll have complete, A. WILSo0, Iloylake, No. 22. A rocky substance of centre delete. And a mineral -you will have complete. J. G. BAKER, London. DECAPITATIONS. No. A3. The name of an animal if you behead, A river in England you'll have instead. - , Efts. PATERSON anid UNNIy #in A, Motherwell . In every town l y first yout'll see, Behead, a river it will be ;. Again behead, anid it will show What most things are made for, I trow. R(OLAND. No. 25. A flower of the field if you behead, An amorous swain you'll see instead; Behead again and if donei figlit What meaieteoabnobe will come to sight. H. W. DAe., REVERSION. No. 26. A slimy substance backwards read, Will show an animal instead. J. G. BAKER, London, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 27. What's done at dinner every day, Please take the centre clean away. What's left ? 'Tis where, in days of old, Fierce robbers lived, so I've been told. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Common-sense, . Oldham, Richard, Leith, 2.-Chair, hair, air. Denmark. 3.-W o od r u f, clovepink, 9.-Say what you think, bat cranebill, harebell, toad- not,all you kncw. flax, purple-candy, ruby 10.-Plane, lane, sane, pane, hawkweed, marigold, lark- anei, cane, bane. spur, primrose, Venus' 11.-len, te,n pe, Non, looking - glass, madwort, 12.-Hull, bull. carnation, honesty, fox- 13.-Ono good turn deservei glove, pheasant's eye, holly- another. hock, snapdragon, 14.--ords-worth. Canterbury-b el , orow - 15.-France, franc. foot. 16.-Clover, clove 4.-Dickens,Holland. Thus: 17.-Crown, crow. DeatH, IdhaO, CoaL, KilL, 18.--Work, EvA, NuN, SaD.; 19.-ork. 5.-Red Lion . louse, Red 20.-Mfanchester. Lian Court. Thus: Revive it, l.-House, hose, shoe. EvE, Dee D, L nu f eL, 22.-Wheel, heel; keel, leek, IlluminatI, OntarlO, NuN;, Lee, eel. HaidO, OrlandO, U U (w), 23.- D SoaR, ltighT. LEA 6.-Gladstne. F A N NY 7.-Mart, tram . DP NMi A R 8.-" The Under-World." W RAT H Thus: Trip, Hilarity, ARE Etiquette, Unproductive, 1 Northampton, ' D an i e 1, 24.-Poise, pose. Exeter, Richmond,William, 25.-Stile, tile. 26.- Little deeds of kindness, Little words of love, Make the earth an Eden, Like the heaven above. Littli'dddci 6f mBrdy, Sown byyoithlful hands, Giowf to.blesstho nations, Far in heathen lands.