Our friend LOTriiE W, to.day takes the lead in the RIbDL ti.OURNAMENT. SQUARE WORDS. No,. 1. Spring is here! sprI'iig N. hit br IHark I the blird's .ar singiig, singing First and clear, fist hunfl cleatr; All the earth with joy, is ringing I At our set, at biur feet See the flowers springiiig, springing; Violets sweet, violets swet . Fiodio'the neot ivw're bringing, bringing. Little third, little thiird 11as her ba]ids fill of primroses. I haire h!itidl, I have ihard Where ive'll get the biggest posies. We must go, we must go ThroniTh the coppice by the river, Down beloeW, down boloiv, Where the silver aspeus quiver; Ab, liow fast--h, how fast Glides the sprtjig-time fourth away I Soon is pas, soon it past All the Muerriment of M31y.. Loi;rrm WV., Brighton. AOIcS'otCAL H rtiz' Ai. Nd. ., This is not old ; This is not ihey; Quite funny this; A. numbugr this; This is not gold, Thlis is tot yew, Yet metal is. Yet wood it is. Our Youeag eolt's Ih:dget is to ijle:ise a: well As this its reaiders-wcoret I1n ltod io 1 t,.llt You are nut t.ic, ho~'ecr largv i' si.il, For our loi bt. iin to' , one ni, and .11 When I've thi.i puzzle flnished, I'll ;!,lpend My next in distinct letters at the cud. A vessel this; A horrid bire; Not quite a bird; A ,lleeaut spelotl; A timid miss, If this, I'l]i sure Upon my word. You are not well. The central of the columns t on cac: side Read downwards name a city and a I.owu; The one of canny Scotland is the pride, The other in old England bath renown. J. MYmns, I)altoou-in-.Funress. ACROSTIC. No. 3. FPolunation Word. Primals will show a great writer to you, Whose works will never tire; I think they are known to more than a few. And all who road admire. Cross Wsoerds. If you've road Bible history You will think this no mystery. A king most renowied By you will be found. A word very small, 'Tis midel used by all, And some, you will flud, Do not keep in mind Of it they may say Too much every day. A darling old third I have, it is true; If you dou't think so, I'll show her to you An old English castle In my fourth will be seen, Where a famous noble Entertained a great queen. The next of some things I've oft longed to see, And wished tiime had wings To bying it to rioe Of otliers I'te tried' To keep thlsd at will; But v iitfl I've cried lIfy sith will chbin'e still. rMy sixth ymoi; will see May many .thiugs be- A hdili chtilth The dresh $titt.ybu wealo The fi'ic~ t1~Uibtt love, The blube ay atidve. A famous traveller tiy last will mane, Who in Scitnco's cause lits won muich fame. CLovY it. GHANA I)]. No. 4. My first its lovely mantle In winter sproad's around, And nestles on the housetops, And covers all thl groiinid. rMy s6dnud'is' hi tit(le (i thitink i fit ti fli{e) If yod litii'ie i'tcAho6ii iii >jiin, It will be knowo to you. Dry whole's ii io't hnountain, In Walos, I think, 'tis f'ouad? And this, if yobi Will i eiundi tlie map, Yoti'll fiid, wFill b's'lbiilh. ': DLLY, Doptford, LOGOGiIIPHI. No, 5. My wholo,e 1n'dfl a fortign strand By fate i lfo"cld tb roani, Thimihi fondl ds 'thaft d'ar old lilid Whicdh do'ti hIts ledd his h6loie. But though his Lhetut. may orave and yearn Again to wander there, No more, tlag~ I can he return, His grieefs witti fteitl 't'o share. Now .fromnthis whole tr,.ytake away Its hebul,andul tiueu.trultpose, A well-known, trs~otwill.theon fisplay uAnd ever gretl istgrowei ,
MONOPHONE. No. 6. FIRST. With thorns and briers surrounding, 'Tis ever leaping, bounding 'Mid leaf and bud in sylvan wood, Its footsteps scarcely sounding; In any covert hiding, In any cave abiding, With none to aid, howe'er dismayed, In its own skill confiding. INTERLUDE. Another letter now will Be meet addition to it; The proper one, I vow, will Assist you to see through it, SECOND. Its ever constant beating Proclaims that time is fleeting; Ere hands can shake and friendship make It gives a warmer greeting; In lifetime's wintry hours It tells of summer flowers, As birds will sing long after spring, And praise the withered bowers. J. G. LUMSDEN. SQUARE WORDS. No. 7. Old Silas Skinner rich was reckoned, For it was plain he had my second. That gold he had I'll not conceal. Three robbers came once for his treasure, Resolved to find out by this measure If these reports were truly real. As ghosts they dressed, each one to frighten. Old Silas saw them; his fears to heighten, With ghostly fingers him they beckoned. " Fourth I fourth I Why do ye now me haunt ?" " Old Silas Skinner, what we want-- Your gold it is; also your second." "Thieves I Help I" he cried-produced apistol, At them he fired, but though he missed all, He gave them not a chance of first. I Did hear the noise and roused the neighbours ; Secured we them. After our labours We said that we were very thirsty. Old Silas soon despatched young Bridget, Who third his house. (She's such a fidget; She spilt quite half the half and half.) Old Silas next told his adventure- How quick he caught the three bold men sure, At which we could but laugh and laugh. But I must hasten con. to finish, Yet still its length I can't diminish. My sixth of two words is composed. The first of these "at first" does mean, now; The second will be easily seen now To negative that which is proposed. To find fifth will not want much talent, For 'neath it soldiers, sailors gallant, Fight all untilthey e'en cease to live. Take these six words at which I've hinted, They'll form a square. This puzzle's tinted With errors, which I hope you'll forgive. ISRAEL ZANowILL. CHARADE. No. 8. I am made on the shore, but my life is afloat; I'm not a canoe, or a raft, or a boat; A native must guide me-a white man, alas! Would stand a poor chance in the surf off Madras. Garroters tremble; the old maid's joy- Loved by the maid, and frightened by the boy. In alphabetic order, all agreed To give first place; so takes the lead. A little girl said to her pater, " It's English for the Latin mater." He who fights and runs away Lives to fight another day. CEcILIa JANE R. LOGOGRIPH. No. 9. What means a twirling motion If you will please behead, A very useful article Will be found in its stead. Now if you'll kindly me transpose, That ie, to turn me round, You then will notice that to pinch Directly will be found. MAD MAc. CURTAILMENT. No. 10. A Chinese town of great renown, Also a Swiss division, Will name my first; even the worst Can make a swift decision As to the word I mean. A further clue I'll give to you : Successively curtail, all, By poets' art of poem a part; A whining (you can't fail, all) ; All these next now be seen. -o ISRAEL ZANGOWILL. ENIGMA. No. 11. Without us the rust would be healthy and clear; The usher at college as female appear; Yet the usage which man will ever behold Without us would last till a hundred years old. S. YESSUn. LOGOGRIPH. No. 12. There's a fruit you well know ; With two slices away, And by aid of a measure, You the church bells can play. GEORGE G. TRANSPOSITION. No. 18. A Hebrew measure firsa put down; But if you please transpose, A city large of great renown It surely will disclose. TEE HUNTING SPrnll
DECAPITATION. No. 14. My first is in the country seen; Behead, and you will find Part of the human frame, I ween, In what is left behind. THE HUNTING SPEAR. REBUb. No. 15. RIcHAnD BRowN, JUN., Bathgate. METAGRAM. No. 16. My first we often do for want Of better occupation; But change the head, and then a shrub Will meet your observation. ANON.
PUZZLE STANZA. N o. 17. Ti asw cht rochnose Heepsurs Htat idales het tinwyr eas, Nad hte ksiperp ahd etkan shi ilctlt ghaudtre Ot roab mhi mocynap. CHELSEA. REBUS. No. 18. --~2: W. J. JONES, Burnley.