Our friend FLORENCE NIXON to-day takes the leAd in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. You can scarce do without me Whatever your lot, Though you dwell in a palace, Or dwell in a cot. But although I'm more useful Than you can conceive, The sad way I'm treated Should make your heart grieve. People talk about grinding The face of the poor, But I beg you'll believe that I'm ground a deal more. Oh, indignities cruel I've suffered for long; More than once I've been beaten When doing no wrong I By the wise I'm respected, My virtues they bhow. And now tell me my name, please; You'll guess it, I know. FLOILENCE NIION. CURTAILMENT. No. 2. There is a word that calls to mind A certain quadruped; Cut off its tail, and you will find A reptile in its stead. HRNRY AnAMs.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 3. RuiTnA. CHARADE. No. 4. There are some youths who sigh for the days now long gone by, When great adventures happened every day; In that chivalrous age, when my total was the rage, And mighty priests and barons held their sway. If thus your wishes turn-if for valour's deeds you burn- If you wish to be a first like those of old. Just listen to my song, and I'll tell you all ere long The very noblest way you can be bold. There are giants strong to kill, who would work us many an ill; There are Selfishness, and Avarice, and Spite; There are tournaments to ride against Vanity and Pride- To conquer those two needs a man of might. You must stand up for the weak, for the helpless ever speak, And act as well, if duty so should call, And like my second be-a noble poet he- With a smile and an encouragement for all. You must suffer and endure, still remaining true and pure; You must keep up heart, although your wounds are sore ; You must give all help you can to your fallen brother man- 'Tis a blessbd thing to give unto the poor. You must mind what elders teach; you must practise what you preach ; You must ne'er forget discretion in your mirth. To do what I have told is more than being bold- It's the very noblest total on the earth. F. W. BINSTEAD. BETAGRAM. No. 5. Old Jack was once a sailor, and I well Remember, when I was a toddling mite, I used to list unto the tales he'd tell With open mouth (expressive'of delight). He'd tell how once he overboard did fall From his ship into the tempestuous sea, And how he had not frightened been at all. What I old Jack frighteue 1? No, indeed ! not he. And how a shark, whose second was most great, Would soon have made a meal of him, had not Jack with his knife (at least, so he did state) Stabbed it, until from view it swiftly shot. And other tales like these he'd oft relate, Of which the hero he would always be. For first old Jack had reputation great, And I believed the yarns he told to me. J. P. HAanrRGTON.
CHARADE. No. 6. Came a bast in boding weather, Like a seabird swift and free, As an eagle cleaves the ether, Sweeping through the sullen sea. Well we knew that that swift second Morelaund's primal proudly bore, And her people fondly reckoned Ere the night to reach the shore. Ah, the proudest owned her peerless, And the coldest called her fair, With the flashing eyes and fearless, And the clustering chestnut hair. Much we loved the noble maiden, False and haughty though was she, And each heart with care was laden, As we watched the rising sea. All too soon had come the gloaming, Ghastly glaring left the sky; Loud the harbour.bar was moaning As the trembling bark drew nigh. In that still and awful gloaming Pale and pow'rless all were we, As the storm's first line came foaming White across the distant sea. Loud each anxious heart was throbbing As the tempest came afar, Loud the mournful waves were sobbing As she neared the hungry bar. One last breathless look upon them, On the ocean's fated prey, And the roaring storm was on them, And the bar was white with spray. While the thunder's stunning crashes Pealed above her awful doom. While the lightning's blinding flashes Pierced alone the sable gloom, Saw we a pale boy come dashing, Ere his purpose known could be, Saw him by the ceaseless flashing, Plunging in the roaring sea. Well we knew that broken-hearted Youth; he'd loved, and not in vain, Her, who, when his wealth departed, Never clasped his hand again. Struggling to the vessel fated, We can see his dauntless form ; Hear the guns, with breathing bated, Oer the tumult of the storm. Through the roaring waves that follow, On he speeds in deadly quest, Like a foam-bell in the hollow, Like a seabird on the crest. He has climbed the bulwark breaking, We can see him clasp the form For whom, life and all forsaking, He has braved the howling storm. 'Neath a billow high and serried, 'Neath the breaking of its crest, Then for ever he is buried, With her total on his breast. Calm beneath the stormy surges Evermore their rest shall be, Where the mermaids wail their dirges In the caverns of the sea. WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE. METAGRAM. No. 7. Sylphina said " Yes," her mamma said so too, One day I proposed we should see the review. We were soon on the field, 'mid a gorgeous display Of horse and foot soldiers, and first we heard play. The grand sight being over, we wended our way In a homeward direction that bright summer's day, When I asked her would she her next on me bestow, But to my amazement her answer was " No." My pangs just that moment none ever can know; I vowed to some far-distant final I'd go. So now, my dear friends, I am off and away, But e'er I depart I must wish you good day. F. BRorr. ENIGMA. No. 8. Now, in this short epitome Which I will tell to you, You must observe the wit o' me- Ay, that you're bound to do. In striking tragic attitude My services I lend; You clasp me oft in gratitude On meeting some old friend. In strength I often authorize Or order serfs about, And I may give your wrath a rise When you receive a "clout;" And oftentimes to aggravate Against my will I'm used, Or go around and aggregate Large taxes from th' abused. Of course you know in etiquette A bow you ought to make; But when your " love" is met, I get A timid little shake. To show your great hilarity, I'm waved above your pate, Thongh all such jocularity, I think, is far too great. These things which I denominate Must now draw to an end, Or else you will abominate Pour me, and I'm your friend. But there's one thing I ought to do Before I say good-bye: At far.famed, bloodstained Waterloo I waved a sword on high. H. C. PRIcz, Southwark. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 9. Foundation Words. Now, Young Folks dear, if you to me attend, Right quickly I this riddle will unfold. A valued and a very worthy friend In primals you will certainly behold. Another friend in finals you'll descry; Of less renown than primals, too, is he, But none the less we love him-in this I Am sure that you will all with me agree. Cross Words. What means to cast or fling for first indite; In second you'll an Irish town behold; An animal my third will bring to sight; Fourth will to you a maiden's name unfold; You all will find my fifth quite easily- It means to spoil: now please to put that down; In sixth you will a famous college see; On eighth I seventh father's horse to town. T. O'Coonon, Kinsale. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Old Solomon Levi was a Jew Who kent a shon and .Rnli
All sorts and shapes of clothes as new, Although they all were old. A handsome fortune he had made, For gain is very sweet; So every day, at his evil trade, Saw Solomon live and cheat. He always wore a pleasant smile, Your confidence to win, And veil the cunning, fraud, and guile His mean vile heart within. SIttnArocK, Armagh. DECAPITATION. No. 11. My first is a reptile slimny : In the country it is seen; Behead me, and I'm often used By carpenters, I weer. R. DOUGLAS, Bury.
BOTATION CHANGE No. 12. Perchance I may never behold thee again The first that I once held so dear. I think of thee now with a feeling of ar. And memory brings a sad tear op , O city of heroes, thou second so grand Thy walls now are fading aw ay i Thou erst was the greatest and best inthe lan But all earthly things must decay. 4; When King Winter reigns with his Sceptr o. ice, And fleecy snow covers the ground When Christmasisherewith allthings thata. 'Tis then that my third can be found cen My fourth is a grain that in India grows Although in this country 'tis known. I'm sure that it's name every riddler Inow 'Tis nice made in puddings, you'll own, In a mansion she sits, in the midst of hereb And yet there's a tear in her eye, hwe Foralthough she is last, she cannot purchaehel And happiness money won't buy. F. B.Conin ENIGMA. I.- Coutsyo. No. 13. Sometimes. I'm on water, sometimes I'm on land, Sometimes I am lying, but sometimes I stand Sometimes I sm moving, sometimes I am still S eometimes I defy you, sometimes at your will Sometimes I am short, sometimes I am long' Sometimes with the old, sometimes with the pUn . Sometimes in the day, sometimes in the night; Sometimes I amuse, sometimes I affright Though you touch me, yet feel me you can't, if you Then answer, dear riddler, and say what am IY. tr REBUS. No. 14. --" li W. T. BRocKcrEr "_T NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 15. Says Tom to Kate, " It's getting late. My darling, we must go. You promised me you'd come at ten, And now it's twelve, you know." Says Kate to Tom, " I'll come at once, So please to take my shawl, And wrap it round my shoulders, dear, And for our carriage call." W. D. Pi nnErs. OMEGRAM. No. 16. I will not call you this-it might not please, And much I wish to put you at your ease. A girl, in days of yore, once hid in this; She ne'er came out again, the daring miss. From right to left, or left to right the same ; No paradox-'tis nothing but a name. A marsh of blackened mud, in Ireland seen, Yet round it grows the grass a brighter green. W. A. WILES. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 17. If you this diamond want to find, A letter please take from behind; A kind of serpent next write dow:i; And third will name an English town. A kind of fish my next will show; And last a letter take from grow. Centrals, if read aright by you, An English town 'twill bring to view. 1I. C. T., Kinsale. METAGRAM. No. 18. My first you'll find you all possess But change the head, you can't ha e less; The change repeat, and there is found, If done aright, a kind of sound. Again if you will change the head, You'll find what's finished in Its stead. And now I've done my best ,;o please, I will no more your patience tease. F. WuLLIS. CURTAILMENT. No. 19. Said I unto my only friend, "Dear Jack, now will you please to end, Or else, if not, don't first so fast, Or I'm afraid 'twill be a last." R. Moox0eloEnr. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. No. 20. "Dearest Blanche, you have eyes Like the azure blue skies. With that first in your hair you look charming. Let us stroll and context; Let us watch the stream next- Surely, that there can be little harm in "' "Oh, it is no surprise To hear I've blue eyes- That the first is becoming I carry I But I'm sorry to say, Mr. Jones, that to-day I have promised to ride out with Harr. ,H.V. i.ingwrU CENTRAL DELETION. No. 21, Please take from a black man the heart, And an emperor quickly you'll see; I'm sure you will bid him depart, For a cruel old tyrant was be. J. P. Hienis5~oev'