Our friend DAVY LLD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, CHARBADE. No. L Oh, dreadful was that fatal day To both the rival Roses; Yet with high hope and spirit gay Each hostile army closes. The dead upon that field accurst By thousands might be reckoned, Before my sanguinary first Was gained by my second. Who standeth there in mimic state, The mock crown on his forehead ? Can you be York, the proud, the great, Who late so bravely warrbd ? How sadly are his hopes dispersed I See I Henry's queen has beckon'd, And lo, the victim of my first Lies slaughtered by my second. My first still rages, never stayed, Its fury never baffled ; And still my second plies its trade Upon the gory scaffold. My whole, once red with gory fights, Old castle halls doth deck and Now rusts unused, though it unites In one my first and second. DAvY LID, Liverpool TRANSPOSITION. No. 2. A part of your body, if you transpse, What moans to injure it will disclose; 'I ranspose again, and it will show A well-known animal to you, I trow. W. E. VILVE'. LOGOGRIPI. N'o. 3. Last century there lived a man Who was a great d vine, A part of France his labours felt, Not far from river Rhine. Behead his name, then in a trice Another natue you'll see, unt this time not that of a man, But of a great city. If %ou will now behead again, Then centrally delete, Where a Scots' hero once did flee, You n ,w will have complete. Replace the centre, then with care Apply another head, A character in " Tor'se" story There will by you be read W. P. WILLIAMs, Iiolywul; ACROSTIC,. No. 4. Foudanlion Words. My wholc's a thing that gives delight, And go ,d Inst uction too; Where scraps of information bright Are opened ti our view. If you the prlmals downward lead, But rightly do it, mind, This ch rming thing I'm almost sure You'll very quickly find. Cross Words. In bleak Siberia's dreary land This river surely flows; This is a useful article Whene'er it rains or snows. Third a kind of spirit is, 'ris n Jamaica made, And many other places too, Though not thetbest. 'tis said. My fourth's a word express.ng doubt Or probability : My next is very often s-nt cross the stormy sea, When nations are at war and strife, And seeking fresh renown. Sixth's a flower with perfume sweet And leaves as soft as down. A virtue this, that's oft abuced By those who do not speak Wth candour and simplicity; lor last a colour seek- It is an emblem (no 'tis said) Of jealousy's great passion; But that you need not mind, for now Th.s colour is the fashion. E. NORTON, London DECAPITATIONS. No. 5. A very nice fish, if you behead, A female's nam0 you'll have instead. EVELYN SARGENT. No. 6. Oh, Budgetiers, list now to me, And hear what I shall say, Use well your brains, and you shall see This puzzle clear as day. Just take a word which means ' to put;" And then cut off its head, A word is left " to tie " you'll find Is in its place instead. JAs N. No. 7. What's in every house, if you behead, A name for maiden you have instead; Behead again, and then, I ween, A well-known animal will be seen. A. H. PLUMER.
PALINDROME. No. 8. This in a word. i think, of fame, Backwards and forwards ib reads the same. SIR LAUNCELOT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 9. Cross Words. The miser for my first each nerve will strain; My second brings the planter yearly gain, In distant land, beyond th, flowing main, My third upholds rare birds of gorgeous hue; Nly fourth, ah I noth:ng will reveal to you; My fifth, strong arms from depths will bring to view. Foundation Word. A tender hand the initials oft reveal, While softest strains o'er soothed senses steal; When louder sound the waltzes at the ball, The finals echo through the lofty hall: United, forming one harmonious whole, Where genius shows each passion of the soul. P. HARBOTTLE. REBUS. No. 10. AN )N. ENIGMA. N o. 11. A very fleetingthing am I, And from place to place I fly; One moment here, another there, And sta) ing long nog anywhere. I oft to places strange do roam, And take you far, though still at home; And wond'rous powe I possess On the mind things to impress. You'll find I very oft deceive, And thingsfalso make some believe; I'm used by folk of each degree, And every one possesses me. W. ALEX NDER, CURTAILMENT. No. 12. Part of a horse you see in me (Part of a lion too) : Cnt off my tail, and then you'll see What every boy, who lives, will be, Will come at once to view. KATIE TAYLOR. No. 13. ANON. OMEGR AMS No. 14. Of a name for a fruit I wish You to please change tail. And you will see part of a fish Will in its ste.id prevail; The same deed you may now repeat, To fasten to obtain: Qualified, your eyes will meet, If you do so again; Again, and you at once will see A meaning for to lie; Once more, and a most useful tree You quickly will descry. A. H. CORLEN No. 15. When whole, an insect I shall be, I t now all Young Folks have seen me; Change tall, and then you'll see, I trow, A place that every one must know ; Again change tail, and then you'll find What poor men have to do when blind; Change again, and before your ken There'll be a Christian name for men; If changed again, then you must own That men who do this, stand alone; Once more change tail, and then, I trow, A Turkish viceroy it will show. J. S. HIoKMAN, Hammersmith. PALINDROME. No. 16. T stop the mouth this word will name, Backwards and forwards 'twill read the same. H. BEYNON, Bristol.
CURTAILMENT. No. 17. Now, ritdlers all, Both short and tall, I'm here again, you see, So guess me quick, Sam, Bob, or Dick, And see what I shall be. For first put down, A gem of renown, And then cut off my tail, Then you will see What I shall be- That is, if you don't faiL Oblige once more, And this is o'er, And then you'll see, my dears, What makes good soup For household group, So don't have any fears. Here's good advice, So take it twice, This journal buy next week; Just task and try Before you buy ; You'll get all here you seek. MEssas. WLKER ANDI) STEWART, Astley Green, CHARADE. No. 18. As I one day did wend my way Down through a shady lane, Towards the sky I heard a cry Like some poor bird in pain. Up in the air I saw a pair ( f birds in deadly strife, And as they fought, one liercely sought To take the other's life. I did them view as round they flew, And saw it was a second That hhrd did try, with piercing eye, My first to kill, I reckoned. With all their might they still did fight, My first w .s nearly done, When up there ran a sporting man, Armed with a trusty gun. lie took good aim as on he came, Then fired, and second fell: An I first, though neak, did shelter seek Down in a neighbouring dell. I soon did traco and find the place Where second down did fall; With it I ran to the [porting man, Who said it was a whole. Now, riddiers all, on you I call, This charade to unfold, If you can spare a little care, The answer soon is told. J. MYERS, Da lton-in-Furnesl SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. For first, put down a metal that I think is known by you; And after that a river will Be quickly broughtto view; You're surely third to find this out; My fourth is chased by hounds, An animal it is, I think, In Scotland it abounds. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. DIAMOND PUZZLE,. No 20. For first please take, without mistake, A let ttr ont of giver; And you will see my next will be A channel of a river. In days gone by, with this they'd try To make you give repentance: Miy next will place bofo-e your face A word for making entrance. For fifth please write and bring to sight A solemn public meeting: My next's a name of Budget fame, That we are always greeting Of next you've heard, it is a word Meaning want of estate; If yvo tease next, and cet It vexed, I'll leave you to your fate. My ninth, I'll own's a famous stone That's known by all of you; And next, I wis, a conjunction is Heird by more than few. My last I know you'll find in habit, It's also part of every rabbit. Read centrals down. and, of renown, You'll see a riddler's name ; And every week his name we seek, To see his rising fame. Riddles he'll send for hours of leisure, And all of them do give us pleasure. C. FERNBANrKs, Oxfoi d. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &C., OF LAST WEEK. 1 -Bare, bard, barn, bart, 14.-Wink, ink. bark 15.-Flaw, law awL 2.-Line. Nile 16.-Tug, gut, but, tub. 3.-Trowbrldge. 17 -Mart-in. 4--Valentines, Excitement : 18.-Tea-kettle. Thus: ValE. AJaX, Lan- 19.-Destitution, restitution. guedoC, Effendl, NeaT, 20.-House, mouse, rouse, Tall, Ishili. NamE, EriN, souse. Sand. mounT. 21.-Cave, rave, wave, nave, 5.-Flash. pave. 6.-Noise. 22.-Cut your coat according 7.-Solar, Soar. to your cloth. 8.-Poop. 23.- DE W 9.-Peep. E V E 10 --D ver, dove, W T 11.-" Each morning sees some 24. A 8 task begun, 24.- SP Each evening sees its ED close; AP E Something attempted, POICTI E R something done, S E P TEMB I l R To Parna night's repose." BO HEM I ANS 12.-Pink, Ink. OBI 13.-Skate, Kate. PEN OBRE