Our friend F. M. TEBBS to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHlARADE. No 1
Come, riddlers all, and hear my tale, Shlien solve my puzzle without fail- An easy one for young and old List! while I now the scene unfold. A lovely vale, where brightest flowers Formed golden slopes and fairy bowers; Where gaudy flies and busy bees Were wasted on the gentle breeze; \\ here grew the lily and the rose; Where grazed the deer, fearing no foes, There who e was seen; and seconds, too, In myriads met th' enraptured view. And there, amid the glorious scene, I laid me down on couch of gi cen. I thought on all the wonders and The arts of Nature, by whose hand This Paradise on earth was made; And then I heard a voice, which saidd : " This is the merry month of first, When Nature from her chains does burst, And man and brute and earth are glad To welcome first, in verdure clad. But come again in Winter time, When this glad spot is frost and rime, And on the wond'rous change you'll see Then calmly think and ponder." The hidden voice then ceased, and I Was left alone to wonder. The scene then changed, and to my gaze, From out the mist and darks me haze, There rose the signs of Winter's reign ; And dull and '.reary was the plain Where lately all was fresh and green. How changed from that late happy scene I And then the voice broke forth again, In warning words, o'er the dark plain: "' ee thou this change, 0 man of thought, Which this short time to earth has brought ? From what you've seen a lesson take, And learn it well for your own sake. In life ye think too much of things That often to themselves take w ings; See how this happy scene's no more. On things that change set thou no store ; But have far higher thoughts in view, Then happiness will stay with you." The voice was still A songster broke Into its song, and I-awoke I Was't all a dream ? I rub iny eyes As upwards from the ground I rise. Was't all a dream ? It must be so; For here's the vale, and there's the doe Grazing in peace; and h, re are wholes And seconds, too, in countless shoals, The saute that 'fore my -leap I saw. It was a dream, and nuthi.ui nmore ; But still its lesson will remain, And thus msy dream was not in vain. F. M. TEnBB, Kingston. TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. No. 2.-1. Not old, and to inter. 2. An outhouse, and a loop of iron. 3. A tree, and a plact of worship 4. A colour, and a declivity. 5 A large bird, and a body of water. 6. An animal, and a structure over a river. 7. To beat in a race, and a large town.-JAcIC-o-L.~sTER-N. CENTRAL ARtIIHMOREM. No. 3. 151 and setere An English county . 551 ., rake ,, Irish 51 ,, gos ,, ,, ,, 1052 ,, rce 505 ,, raneo = ~English town 1601 ,, gabcr - The centrals name a person connected with the Budget. A Cit 31WELLIAN. HI.DDEN CHRISTIAN NAMIES. No. 4.-1. The camel I am riding is very docile. 2. He believes the races were postpuned. 3. Clara, Chclslceld is in Keot. is it u,,t? 4. 1 hope Terence obtained the situation. 5. 1 lic geanunI:fI" .A ·t ,akine of was le0t on the sideboard. 6. The carol a.nd glees were ', ry r\'ell r. utercd. 7. I ~s;all be the last to arrive. 8. RIub:rt has been very unfortunate. R. AL CAI'T2EY. PUZZLE. No. 5. One-fifth of speak, One-fourth of leak, And then one-fourth of seem; Onuc-fourth of hemp, One-fourth of lnuip, And then one-fourth of ream; One-fourth of mice, One-fourt.i of dice, And then one-fifth of creamt; And a consona,.t added by you, Will bring a Budget riddlor to view. P NEs ZA31u;IN r, Everton. OMEGItAM. No. 6. The pedlar offers first for sale; But if you'll kindly change the tail, A caution you will see; Do as you did before, and then A twi e I'm sure you'll quickly ken, Or twist I'll surely be; Repeat the chance, and then, I ween, l'art of a lock is to be seen. 'l IE YOUNG KNIGHT. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 7.-1. Either Tommy or Kate are going with me. 2. The saucer and cup are both broken. 3. Either music or kinulness will soothe his feelings. 4. I saw a c.b at his house to-da . 5. Say, Robert, did you do it ? 6. You did not go about it in a legal way.-DUe P'UERI. METAG IAM. No. 8. What means crooked if you change head, A piece of money you'll see instead ; Change head again, and then you'll see A kind of booth I at once will be.; Change head again, and then to you A kind of slit will come to view; Again change head, then it will show A county in England we all know; Change head once more, and then, I ween, What means forwarded will be seen. H. H. ADA3s, Chelsea.
PALINDROMES. No. 9. Backwards and forwards I read the same, Find me out-=-a Christian name. POTHOOK. No. 10. What's worn by babies if you turn round, The same again will then be found. SIR HARRY C----. CURTAILMENTS. No. 11. Of water and soap you will see 'tis combined, A tool when curtailed you most surely will find. G. GRANT, Bayswater. No. 12. A way of travelling if you curtail, The defeat of an army 'twill show without fail. 11. STANTON, Holloway. PROVERB REBUS. No. 13. G. C. BANKs. REVERSION. No. 14. My whole, you'll rnd, means temper of mind ; Reverse, and thon. I ween, Wlhat me.ns to sentence or to destine Will by you all be seen. H. BEYNON, Bristol. DECAPITATIONS. No. 15. A certain bird if you behead, Another one you'll have instead. F. G. BEATON. No. 16. A kind of cart beheaded by you, Will bring a glimmer of light to view. KING OBERON. ENIGMA. No. 17. Dear riddlers, whet your wits, And do your best to tell Me how a waggon-wheel Is like a m dern belle ? Then after you've done this, I pray you prove to me That disagree do they In what they most agree. E. S. HOPE, Liverpool. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 18. A town in France, its centre delete, And a small animal you'll have complete. Bow-wow, Essex. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 19. If you a liquid will transpose, A relationship it will disclose. J. WAREFIELD, Manchester. No. 21. If you a kind of fruit transpose, Another to you it will disclose. J. Cu[ARLTON, Allenheads.
GEOGR '\Pltil'AI. REBU S. No. 21. ) \ II F. W. PETCIIELL. LOGOGRIPH. No. 22. This country's quite near Old Kngland so dear, And in fruit it does greatly aboand; We English go there For fashions so rare That are not everywhere to be found. Change head, and I'm sure 'Tis a country no more i But an action you now do behold; And many a horse (As you have, of course) Have I witness'd this ac ion unfold. By changing again The head, it is plain That a noun or a verb this may be; You give but a look At a page of this book, And the word you should certainly sce. If tired you're not, One more I have got; By beheading the last, you will find A weapon of war ('Twas used much of yore) It will rapidly bring to your mind. WAL KIMPTON.
CENTRAL ACROSTIO. No. 23. Foundation Word. It were enough to give a gentle hint While this, my riddle, you're about perusing; If you aspire to madly rush in print, Take heed that you my whole will be diffusing. That it is power no reader will deny, Without it life would hopeless be, confusing; Then in our every action let us try And be the means its n'orth to all infusing.' Cross Words. Although not a builder, a cottage he'll make you, And a brick at the same time no doubt he could bake yo Oh, bane of my youth, When administered spoonfully; My refusals, in truth, Were far from being tunefully. Uneasy is the head that wears a this, Though several in your pocket's not amiss. Mr. Gladstone, I vow you are not like your neighbours, For you're hard at work when at rest from your labsouo This may seem so funny, an explanation I owe you, Therefore your requirements I quickly will show you; This light will inform you, when it you may meet, What this personage is in his rural retreat. Your friends and your hair may be this, do not doubt e, And therefore, I think, you are better without me. Peace on earth, goodwill to all, Should ever be your this; And every action help to make True happiness and bliss. I love beneath its branches In summer to recline; I love its boughs and berries, But better still its wine. Good Izaak Walton, 'twere your brightest dream With rod to this in rivulet and stream. If I sh 'uld be late, and indoors be creeping With silence and care not to awake those a-sleeping, I'll bet my existence, with no cause to rue it, My boots or the stairs will be certain to do it. G. GRANT, Bayswater. VERBAL CHARADES. No. 24. My first is in fly, but not in walk; My second's in prate, but not in talk; My third is in husband, but not in wife; My fourth is in knife, but not in strife; My fifth is in walk, but not in run ; My sixth is in mirth, but not in fn n; My seventh's in hop, but not in skip; My eighth is in water, but not in ship; My ninth is in tar, 'ut not in pitch ; My tenth is in river, but not in ditch ; And my last is in darn, but not in stitch. If you read my puzzle aright, A Budget hero will come to sight. H. PAcso\t No. 25. My first is in slow, but not in quick; My second's in the rod, but not in the stick ; My third's in the sun, but not in the light; My fourth's in tho day. but not in the night; My fifth's in the fog, but not in the hail ; My last's in the salmon, but not in the whale; My whole is a city you'll guess without fail. HELEN LAURA AlntOLD. CHAR ADE. No. 26. As I homewards took my way one night, My first came into view; It is a thing. you'll own I'm right, Well known to all of you. When a train is in the station This, my last, you'll -lways see: By his whistle the engluc's started, Then we're whirled off merrily. In time of war, I ween, My whole is always seen. ANSWERS TO RtIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WV , 1l 1.--Banish. Thus: Boar, 9.-Sin-king. August, Nose, Institute, lo.-Fig, melon, date, plum, Sovereign, -lerschcl. pears, lemon. 2.-Severn, Thames, Tees, 11.-Prussia, ltussia. Wandle Ouse. Don, Ribble, 12.-Brook. rook. Medway, Trent, Yare. 13.-Bombay. 3.-Chancel. chance. 14.-" Faust," fast. 4.-Great Britain. 15.-Roume, rose. 5.-Manchester. 16.-Cork, rock. 6.- P 17.-Lamb, balm. L A D 18.-Gag. P A R I S 19.--Leer, reel. L I D 20.-Peep. S 21.--B sure your sins will S find you out. T E N 22.- -(cho. S E I N E 23.-Noah's Ark. 0 N E 24.-Dance, dace, cade. 1E 25.-Sore, core, lo:'c, gor' 7.-Japan rose, anemone, yore, bore. imperial crown, colchicam, 26.-Nettle. golden rod, camellia, m:ri- 27.--Hercuk s. gold, heartsease, maragon, 28.-Hope, Lockhart, Atkin. campanuias, London pride, son, Cowper, Lryden, wincopipe. ltomer, Byron. 8.-Ben Brentford. 29.- H 30.- C FOE COW MOLES COW ES HOLLAND COWSLIP STAIR WELTS ANT S I S D P 31.- LION 32.- VASE 33.- LATE INTO AC ID AIEA OTTO S IDE. TEAS NOON EDEN EASE 34.- Mourn for the living, not the dead, They rest in silent peace; No cares or sorrows rack the head, With death all troubles cease.