Our friend F. W. BINsTEAD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. Oh, say, Young Folks, what shall my nomen be ? I'm not the earth, although the earth is me. Sometimes most horrible, and sometimes sweet, Travelling quickly, though I ne'er had feet. If you are me, escape you cannot make; But, if you make me, then a leap you take. Your clock may be me ev'ry day or week, But, if you have me, you will moan or shriek. The answer must be me. So, while you try Your wits, I'll bow, and wish you all good.bye. F. W. BzssrzAo. CHARADE. No. 2. Of first there is both good and bad, Of which from India we have had A very scanty store; But now the telegrams come fast, And though we've plenty here at last, We're wishing for still more. My next is always used by you; Its colours vary, white, brown, blue; I use it now, you see; You'll find 'tis inside every book, In Young Folks also, if you look, 'Tis there-what can it be ? In whole my first and second both Are needful-but I should be loth To puzzle you too far. Your father scans me every day; In me you also, I daresay, Read of the Afghan war. RED DRaGON. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. Last eve I saw a rocket bright Shoot swiftly through the drear, dark night- 'Twas a signal of distress; For on the sea an awful first With fearful violence had burst. Behead, and make it less, Upon a sultry summer's day You'd like this bev'rage, I daresay (The fair sex are excluded). No longer I will say behead, But you will please transpose instead (Young ladies now included). Now comes to view a plain or field, A meadow, too, the name will yield- This is last. To solve now try, And when Young Folks appears next week I hope you will not have to seek And "give it up" with a sigh. P. N. GAssxr, Dublin. TRANSPOSITION. No. 4. A little fellow in the street Did sorrowfully cry, Nor heeded he the blinding sleet That mercilessly on him beat, Nor e'en the passers-by. His bitter grief affected me ; Near unto him I went, With tones replete with sympathy His ailment sought, but still did he His boundless sorrow vent. A shilling put I in his hand, Again I from him sought The matter. Like a magic wand The small coin acted on him, and A pleasant smile back brought. " I lost a little bird, a pet; If you require its name, One pig transpose. You have, I bet, My fav'rite, though I'll never get Another just the same." P. M'CALL, Dublin. MONOPHONICAL CHARADE. No. 5. R3zars. In Queen Victoria's blessed first Much of pain has been dispersed, Much of sorrow driv'n away- Oh, may Victoria with us stay For many a day 1 Though care and strife oft hasten here, We'll do our best and be sincere, And this our heartfelt wish will say, Oh, may Victoria with us stay For many a day ! Sometimes sunshine, sometimes first, We'll look for brightness, brave the worst, We'll bear dull trouble's dreary shroud, And think with every looming cloud There's lining gay. SECONDS. Just look at sweet Lucy-what exquisite grace ! The "roses of winter" suffuse her fair face; A pretty blue next on her bonny brown hair; Eyes sparkling with pleasure like diamonds rare. And why is sweet Lucy so joyful to-day P And why is she gladsome, and blushing, and gay P Lend thy ear, and the secret I'll bring to light- Her second is coming to see her to.night. TOTAL. In the dreary winter-time, Time of snow and frost and rime, Sometimes we fancy snow is gone, And that the hills are glittered on By Phoebus gay. Sometimes we fancy fruitful trees Are whispering in the summer breeze, And skies are blue, and birds are gay, And that the elves have chased away Chill winter grey. Sometimes we think sweet total tints The azure dome, and Phoebus glints Adown on us, and all is bright, And everything is sweet and light As summer's day. H. C. PaCes. V
DECAPITATION. No. 6. My whole is in the cotter's home, The nobleman's as well; It labours on through day and night, But more I dare not tell. Iis head take off, and when 'tis done You'll very quickly see An article that serves to keep Thieves from our property. J. TaowSnia,. LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. A stone behead, and then you'll see That second much behind will be; Behead again, without delay, Transpose, you do this ev'ry day; A gain transpose, and then you'll see That I a lovely drink will be. T. O'Coxxro . Kinsale.
BEBUS. No. 8. 00000- G. E. JAGGeE, Hipperholme. HIDDEN JEWELS. No. 9. There, nestling together, are four curly heads, Bright smiles on four faces appear. Look how their eves sparkle-especially Fred's I Some mischief is brewing, I fear. Bat no; all they want is to go to the field And have a good swing on a gate. They ask me so coaxingly that I must yield, But caution them not to be late. They bound down the lane at a wonderful rate; There are Flo, Fred, Nellie, and Joe. They stop all at once, clamber up the old gate, Now gaily they swing to and fro. CoNcoRDIA. ENIGMA. No. 10. In ancient warfare I was used, And reckoned strong and true, But now am only used in sport, And often seen by you. J. G. BasHAUT.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 11. J. CHIBLTS, Belfast. CHARADE. No. 12. "The anchor's weighed, my first," I cried; "The second waits. Farewell ! farewell I Our whole, you know, has been well tried: 'Twill ne'er be broken. Fare you welll" I watched my second fade from sight; I thought, "My first is far away; He'll think of me when comes the night; Our whole will cheer us day by day." E. J. CASw~LL. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. My second young stood looking out Over the garden bare, She watched a first that, blown about, Was hurried here and there. " Poor first," said she, " I pity you Outin the winter wind! Tell me where are you wanderingto P Your last is most unkind." The fluttering first my third at last Within a nook secure And so shall we, all troubles past, Obtain a refugo sure. LoruiE W.j Brighton.
ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words, Lyrics stirring, tender, bright, Primals-poetess-does write. Cross Words. Rosy fruit, so nice and sweet, Which all Young Folks like to eat. Bloom they in the gardens fair, Flinging fragrance everywhere. Season when birds build and sing. Ever, ever on the wing. Ocean, with fierce, thund'ring roar, Laving Erin's fertile shore. Noble river, flowing strong, Winding Afrio's sands among. Speckled bird, we know thee well, Singing in the hawthorn dell. Poor next man, with locks of anow, Footsteps faltering, weak and sow, Mighty, world.renowned falls, Whose fierce sound weak hearts appals. D. F. O'CoNon, Kinsile. DECAPITATION. No. 15. Old Timothy Crawl, of Tumbledown Hail, Your servant not long since invited To give him a call. I sent him a scrawl, To say that I should be delighted. "I'll go down by rail," thought I; so the mail Soon bore me to my destination. Fnchanted I stood, with flood, field, and wood, And found things beyond expectation. When evening came on. to bed I was shown; Report said my chamber was haunted. Thought I, " I don't fear, nor even feel queer; I'll show them I'm not to be daunted." I turned into bed, and laid down my head, And soon began snoring, then dreaming; Methought there appeared, most frightful and weird, A first, which soon set me a-screaming. I'was draped all in white, its eyes were alight; My courage I found I'd misreckoned. A weapon I seized, chopped its head off, then sneezed, Awoke, and found out 'twas my second. Said he, "What a fright I In the dead of the night You screamed out, ' Help I lie he will kill Oh l' I came in a trice, and shook you just twice, When you knocked me right down with a pillow I" A. S. PLATTS, Shellield. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 16. For first put down one-fourth of mend; My second means to stoop or bend; My next's a portion of the year, And, as I write, I vow 'tis here; My fourth is used for hogs, you'll see; And last a consonant will be. Centres, if by you read aright, A space of time will bring to eight. T, Twouer. SQUARE WORDS. No. 17. I was passing through a first, In an old broken fence, When a next, led by a man, To dance did commence. Then I laughed with all my might At the funny little thing, When a boy pitched a next at me From out a nasty sling. W. SAlNDERS, Powmill, CHARADE. No. 18. On an old stile sat a maiden fair By her lover's side-happy pair I "And must you go, dear Will," she said, "And last the seas to earn your bread ? " I must, dear Lil," he then replied. "But I'll remember thee, my pride, And when I do first fortune earn, From whole the seas I will return, And claim as my faithful bride Who's ever true, whate'er betide. G. L J. G, LillnT, ENIGMA. No. 19. My whole is something that's seldom at rest; I'm beat, buffeted, kicked, and rn pressed; I'm loved by all lads, and some lasses too; My colour is white, red, yellow, and blue. When most badly wanted, I'd fain stray away And hide in a corner until the next day. I am of all sizes, large, middling, and smallt; I'm fondled by "little," though kicked by theta M ARY B iA s!, Limerick. TRANSPOSITION. No. 20. At first I am part of a bed; Transpose the letters at my head, You'll find I am a fish instead. 'rEcsS. T~ccuM500