Our friend E. BAXTER to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1.
My shape on the earth can be often descried, In various forms I am found; I'm long and I'm short, I am narrow or wide, I'm oval, and sometimes I'm round. When summer holds sway, and the weather is hot, And I am abroad in the street, You heed not my silent existence a jot, Though I am quite close to your feet. And when old King Winter upon you does steal, I'm still to be found as before; When snow decks the landscape and biting winds squeal, I sometimes am near your street-door. I follow the prince who sits down to a feast, The beggar who ne'er does the same, The richest, the poorest, the largest, the least, Regardless of station or name. I follow the brute in the jungle or plain, When savage and wild he does roam; I follow him, also, on lea and in lane, When he among men finds a home. I'm fickle as anything under the sun, My actions are funny and queer, For oft, when to follow a thing I've begun, I nearly, or quite, disappear. When scoundrels and villains to justice are brought, Their fates I can sometimes decide; 'Tis then my existence is eagerly sought, My evidence seldom decried. Though I have no tongue, I perchance can make known What other means fail to obtain; The tales that I tell many secrets have shown- They, doubtless, will do so again. My form is well known, 'tis as old as the earth; I think it will last quite as long. In these wondrous days, when such odd things have birth, My thought may, however, be wrong. E. BAXTER. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Word. How lovely are my primals days ! How beautiful I how bright ! When Sol pours down his 'liv'ning rays, When all the world is light; When Nature smiles in everything, When fields are fresh and green, When all the birds to build and sing In woodland bow'rs are seen ; When sings the lark, the sky up near, A glad and merry song; When silver streams, so bright and clear, Laugh merrily along ! Cross Words. In primals sure we never see My first upon the ground; And ev'ry Young Folk knows this tree- 'Tis in their gardens found. Now, when I give you this advice, I hope you won't be vexed: Ab, Young Folks dear, do shun all vice, And always do what's next. See, baby, with her winsome smile, Receives mamma's caress. How fourth she is I how free from guile! Our little baby Bess. 'Tis fifth; the glorious sun is set, The stars shine bright and fair, The verdant grass with dew is wet, And bats fly through the air. In lasts, in lovely primals time, Sweet flow'rs do bloom, you know. But ended is this simple rhyme, And, Young Folks, I must go. D. F. O'CoxNoa, Kinsale. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. My first is always seen in flap, Also in smin, in spear, and trap; My next a stately tree does show, Its name, no doubt, ou all must know; This kind of boat you'll view for third, Of which, dear friends, you've often heard; A beast of prey fourth will appear, Which oft does prowl through jungles drear; A maiden's name for next you'll see, In which, I think, you'll all agree; In next, dear friends, a colour's seen, Though bright, 'tis neither blue nor green; My last's a letter found in near, Also in garden, park. and deer. Centrals, when read aright by you, A beast of prey soon bring to view. W. G. FINLcA, Kinsale. DECAPITATION. No. 4. Behead what you'll find In all nice ladies, mind, With rosy cheeks and lips of hue, A gay, smiling face, And manner of grace, With tiny feet, glad eyes of blue, There then will appear A deed you should fear; It is a thing, my friend, unkind, If you were remiss, Perhaps you'd do this- Young Folk oft do it, you will find. P. N. GAFuET, Dublin. OMEGRIAM. No. 5. One evening I felt quite first out, A hard day's next I'd done; Still, I ne'er said a third about The fourths I'd trampled on. M. FABLANQUX, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. No. 6. A river or a kind of brook If you will please transpose, A ruler or a governor 'Twill then to you disclose. J. G. Bazswr.
LOGOGRIPH, No. 7. What's made of wood please .bring to view, And then decapitate, You'll find what clocks and watches do 'Twill very quickly state. You'll see what no one likes to be, By changing head, dear friends; It often comes when we're at sea. But now my puzzle ends. F. T. RIDLEY, Newcastle. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. Thus spake a knight, in armour bright: " By my good sword, I swear To kill the man who'd me detain I Molest me if you dare." These words had scarce fell from his lips, When, with a single bound, A knight sprang up, with battle-axe, And struck him to the ground. F. B. COULSon. REBUS. No, 9, T. H., Wolverhampton. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 10. " Where is my boy P" a mother cried. " Where is my pet, my darling pride ?" She, moaning, said, then sobbed and sighed. Some days before he'd disappeared, Nor had the mystery yet been cleared As to how, or when, or where He'd gone, and she, in sheer despair, Did mourn the object of her care. But hark I What sound is that she hears? What is't revives her hopes and fears? A crowd approach with deaf'ni m cheers, And in their midst, as on they come, She recognizes-who P 1er son! She runs to clasp him, yearning soul, Whilst from her eyes tears joyous roll, And gasps, " I'm thankful that he's whole." Delete the centre, now I pray, And tell to me without delay What ma could be more really this, As to her boy she gave a kiss. F. Ener, Derby.
REBUS. No. 11. H. NavILL, Toxteth. METAGRAM. No. 12. My first's a seat that's used in church; Now change the head, I pray, And if you do it right you'll see What falls at close of day. Again change head, and now a cry- A plaintive cry-you hear; Repeat the change, and, wonderfull Not many will appear. I'll only ask you once again The process to repeat, And something strange or modern In last you'll see complete. W. SAUNDEB, Powmill. CHARADE. No. 13. My first is seen at Christmas.time, When winter winds blow cold; My next a Spanish title is- At least, so I am told. My ichole's a famous mountain in- But stay II won't confess it, For if I did I'm verv rt You pretty soon wou.n ,uess i.,. F. TxTLOn, Rock Ferry. -n 1
CHARADE. No. 14. In great Creation's awful morn Athwart chaotic gloom there burst A glorious marvel, heaven born- It was my fir:t. Down speeding from the gates of hea'n, My first flew swiftly on its way; The inky gloom in twain was riv'n And it was day! Since then how skilled have men become What power to them doth heaven give They build my second for a home In which to live. In trains they travel underground; In cars they voyage to the sky. No sea's too deep for them to sound, No mount for measurement too high. They build my total in the waves, And there it stands, the tempest seRuing, And many a mighty vessel saves By timely warning. F. W. Bnsno, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 15. Foundation Words, Ruler of all things, for a space his hand Is traced in sparkling lines throughout the land, Painting each pane, and jewelling each tree. Checking the brooks and rills that trickled ree, Tasting the roots and fruits all stored away, Withering the garden blooms that were so gay. Such is my first-the boys alone delight To see his silent traces overnight, And greet him well, for long they all have reckoned Upon his aid to help them to my second, reoss Words. Where the fairies come we grow, Their most secret haunts we know; Our fringed fans are tall and green, Pavilions for the elfin queen. Those who, with all careful heed, Sow at night our mystic seed, May her sportive revels see Underneath the greenwood tree. When a frisky fancy takes Scotia, or " the Land of Cakes," She calls for her piper to play hera tune Till the very roof-tree shakes, And then, o'er it grows too late, A perplexing figure of eight Is danced by the lads and lassies all At a most surprising rate. When Pierre meets Marie in the lane, And slyly steals a kiss, He asks a question clear and pla;i, To which she answers this. No traveller cf modern times Such wondrous tales narrated As of this ancient mariner Have been most gravely stated. When the storm-king rises From his cloudy lair, And his muttered anger Grumbles in the air, Doors and windows rattle, Sign-posts creak and groan, And from roof and rafter This is roughly blown. NoescanascL METAGRALI. No. 16. What means to o'erspread or conceal In my first you quickly will view; Change head, and it then wiil reveal A strait that should be known to you. Now, riddlers, a rambler you'll scan, That is, if again you change head; My head change once more, if you can, And one who's in love ccmes instead. T. O'Coaron, Iile. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. High rose the flames towards the sky- The cottage was on fire, Far, far away; no hand was nigh To stay the mischief dire. The loving mother, gentle wife, Shrieks out, in accents wild, "Oh, heaven I from this danger rue Pray save my darling chi.d." II. V. B5sctL. AN OLD FRIEND HIDDEN. No. 18. Upon the mossy sward we stood and fought ; He fell from one fierce thrust he had not pried. I tore his tunic open quick as tho.e ht, And from the fatal spot the deeds I carricd. LOGOGRIPH. No. 19. My whole is of boundless size and depth; But please behead and transpose,' A kind of reed that's often used You'll find it will disclose. hb,7' AaI, G, HoPl5iS, ..li 7'