OUR PRIZE TOURNAMENT. 700 PRIZES
Will be given away to our Readers during the twelve months beginning with this Number. Of these EIGHT PRIZs will be awarded everyl week for Solutions of the BIBLICAL, HIS- TORICAL, and GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES, FouR to Senior readers and Foun to Juniors. EIGHT Books and EIGHT Certificates of Merit will be awarded Every Month for the SIXTYEn best ORIGINAL ESSAYS upon a given subject. These may be competed for by readers of all ages not exceeding Sixteen years, and will be divided into two classes, Senior and Junior, as described below. (See Rule 2.) With each Monthly part of " Our Darlings" (except that for this month, November, with which we give the Editor's photo. graph) we shall present our readers with A BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING, printed in colours on toned paper, and suitable for binding with the volume. THROBE SPECIAL PRIZES, to be selected bythe Editor, will be awarded each month for the three best stories upon the subject of the picture, to be competed for by readers of all ages not exceeding Twelve years. In addition to the foregoing, ANNuAL Prizss of a very valuable kind will continue to be awarded to those who successfully answer our PnIzz SCRIPrunx Questrows. (See next page.) To avoid disappointment and trouble, it is absolutely neces- sary that great attention be paid to the following GENERAL RULES FOR THE GUIDANCE OF ALL CANDIDATES. 1. In every case, whether the subject be Prize Scripture Ques- tions, Puzzles, Poetical Enigmas, Monthly Stories, or Prize Essays, the replies must be written clearly, clean, and legible. The spelling should be correct, as both spelling and writing will count in awarding prizes. 2. The candidates in each section must not exceed the follow- ing ages :-" JUNIons" refers only to readers of twelve years and under. If the twelfth birthday is past, even by one day, they are ineligible for that rank! " Sinons" refers only to readers over twelve and not exceeding sixteen. years. After sixteen no candidate is eligible. 3. A candidate is eligible to receive nHR~s prizes in any one section within the twelve months; that is to say, a boy, if he is ll years old in January, may contend until he is twelve years of age in the JuxNon section; and if successful on three several occasions will receive a prize for each. In July of the same year, being 12 years of age, he is competent to contend in the Saxion section during the remainder of the year, and may receive three prizes also within the twelve months in that sec- tion. When a candidate has obtained a full number of prizes in any one section for which he is eligible, his name will, on all future occasions during the year when he is successful, be printed as having obtained Hoxouvnano MENTIoN. 4. The answers or essays or stories mustin every case be certi- fled by a minister or teacher to be the unaided effort of the candidate. No one is at liberty to copy from books, and any one breaking this rule will be disqualified for competition for a whole year! 5. Replies to the weekly puzzles and enigmas should come to hand not later than the next ensuing Thursday morning's post: for example, answers to puzzles contained in "Our Darlings" of Saturday, 5th November, should arrive by first post on Thursday morning, the 10th November. Answers from candidates abroad will be received up to the last post on Saturday, the 12th, and so on. Monthly prize essays and monthly stories written to the engraving, should arrive not later than the 10th of the next month: for example, subjects announced and the picture given with the November part, should be replied to by the 10th Decem- ber, and so on. All communications on these subjects must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is expected, a stamped and addressed envelope should be enclosed :-TnH PuzzLE AND EssAY EDITron, Of~ce of," Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stelney Cause- way, London, E. 6. In no case can stories, essays, or answers be returned to the writer; and as the puzzles, etc., are now given weekly, it will be impossible to publish the names of successful candidates more often than once a month, as this magazine goes to press long in advance. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which appeared in No. 351 of The Children's Treasury:- Son SaNIons. Axswsa To Puzzan No. LXXV.-Leaves are the lungs of plants. Australia is a dry country, the sun is hot, and the soil poorly supplied with moisture; thus the vegetation cannot afford to court the sun or woo the wind; therefore the prevail- ing characteristic of its leaves is their narrowness, and still further to protect themselves, they turn their sharp edges to- wards the sun. ANSWER To PuzzLE No. LXXVI.-The graves of lust (Kibroth- hattaavah) (Num. xi. 33-35).
Son Jusrons. ANSWER TO PuzzrL No. LXXV.-Each continent terminates towards the south in three great peninsulas. Spain answers to Arabia, Italy to Hindostan, Greece to Faurther India. Also, as Italy has a large island, Sicily, at its southern end, so also Hin. dostan has Ceylon; and as Greece has an archipelago to the cast of it, so also is the archipelago of the East Indies to the east of Further India. ANswmE TO Puzzr No. LXXVI.-Benaiah, who slew a lion in a pit on a snowy day (1 Chron. xi. 32). No answers in either section were sufficiently correct or com- plete to be awarded. We hope our young friends will be more successful in the future. LIa BELLING deserves HIonourable Mention.