OUR PUZZLE PAGES.
----( GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. HE initials form the name of a country in Europe, and the finals one of its towns. i. A volcanic island north of Sicily. 2. An island off the west coast of Holland. 3. A small town on the Inn. 4. The river on which Newcastle stands. 5. A town on the east coast of Africa. 6. A small loch in the north of Argyle. 7. A gulf in the north-west of Russia. 8. A province in the south of France. 9. A county in the province of Ulster. io. The largest river in Africa. Ii. A county in the province of Ulster. HELEN JOHNSON. The Co.tgc, ll altmer, wnar Deal. (Aged 15.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC, . HE initials and finals read downwards give the names of two countries of Europe. i. A holy mountain mentioned in the Old Testament. 2. A nuisance. 3. A continent. 4. A space of time. 5. A celebrated Frenchman of the time of Buonaparte. MARIA CARLOTA DE A. PORTUGAL. 12, Az'ctuc de ' Lptlra, Paris. (Aged 13.) GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. ("N the Isle of Man there once lived a little boy called (a bay in North America), and his sister, whose name was (a lake in Switzerland). One day they determined to go and - -" (an African river) in the (a town in Dorsetshire) near their house. So getting (a large bay in New Zealand) of (a town in Germany), and a (islands in the Pacific Ocean) or two from the (a strait in New Zealand), not forgetting a (two of the Bahama Islands) pin for a hook, they started, along with their faithful (a cape in Africa) servant. They had a (a cape in Newfoundland) to get to the water, on which was sailing a (an Australian river) which looked very (a town in the south of France) and (an island in the English Channel) in the bright (an Asiatic sea) sunshine. The children spent a (an island near New York) afternoon out, and when they began to (a city of Palestine) of the sport they found themselves in (an island west of Africa) of a (a cape in North America), and several (a bay in the west of Africa), all of which were (an island in the Baltic Sea) by the servant when the tea (an island in the Bay of Biscay) was heard to (a strait east of Denmark). On arriving (a bay in North America) the (a river in South Africa) were placed in a large bowl on the r(an African bay); but the door being unfortunately left (a bay in New Zealand), the (one of the Bahama Isles) got to them, and (a bay in
North America) coming in later found that she had eaten some, and the rest were quite (a sea in Palestine). LOT'rrl MC(GOWAN. Cranfrd I i,'a, Perry Parr, (Aged 14.) Birminghzam. RIDDLE. F you were suddenly turned into an insect what five ¢. letters of the alphabet should I call out ? Or, if you were suddenly turned into a bird what five letters of the alphabet should I call out ? EaMLY TAvYLE. 22, ]'rcstnSville ]Rtadi, Brig/t/on. SCRIPTURE SINGLE ACROSTIC. HE initials read downwards form the name of a place where a great miracle was performed. I. One of Paul's companions. 2. The name of the first city mentioned in the Bible. 3. The unbelieving disciple. 4. The father of one of the prophets. 5. What judge of Israel killed Eglon ? 6. What city did one of the kings build ? 7. A city visited by Christ mentioned only once in the Bible. 8. A man who was stoned in a valley. JEISSIE GOODRIDGE. .llcrc'hant Scamen's Orhhan ..lsylnm, (Aged ind.) Sna rcssrook,. MENTAL SHAKESPEAREAN SCENE. . lN a room in the Palace at Forres a banquet is pre- ) pared. The king, queen, and guests enter and seat themselves round the table. A man with blood upon his face appears at the door. The king rises, speaks a few words with him, and bids him go away. He then returns to his guests ; but suddenly lie perceives the ghost of a man whom he has commanded to he murdered sitting in his place. In great agitation, he addresses it. It disappears; he is very much relieved. It appears again ; his terror in- creases, and the queen, fearing he will reveal something to his disadvantage in his unguarded speech, begs the guests to leave- "Stand not upon the order of your going, But go at once." 94, REdgiwarc lRoad, LOUISA BARnlETT. Hyde' Park, London. (Aged m4s ) SCRIPTURE SINGLE ACROSTIC. HE initials form a text in the Bible. i. The son of Heli. 2. One of the judges of Israel. 3. The first king of Israel. 4. A descendant of Shem. 5. The wife of Ananias. 6. Evil. 7. One of the twelve tribes. 8. One of the beloved disciples of Christ. 9. Where Paul was born. JOHN MOSSMAN. mo, Panuinre Place, Edinburih. (Aged 13.)
PICTORIAL PUZZLE. rrPl \_ _ . C : ¶' /. o; o o· -. 4 -- \ If W>~\ The central picture illustrates a character famous in nursery rhyme, from the letters of whose name may be formed words describing the surrounding pictures.
BURIED GIRLS' NAMES. a' HERE is my rival? I cede my cause to him. 2. If he be killed, I think it a great shame. 3. Alas ! I am a belated traveller. 4. He is the robber that stole the jewellery. 5. Do you call that road level? I never heard such a thing. 6. Yes, the race was won by the youngest boy. 7. Oh i mamma, be lenient, and forgive her. 8. He is a believer in Spiritualism. 9. Will you have the landau or phaton? io. Is that extraordinary man a vice-admiral? xI. Take care of the fire; never go too close, my child. 12. He left home for Agra, certainly a year ago. 13. If you want flowers, tell a gardener to pick some. (CONTrANCIF A. IHULL. The Knowle, Hlazchvood, Dery. (Aged ij.)
BEHEADED WORDS. 4 AM a small particle of fire or light; behead me, and I am an enclosed piece of ground for ornament and recreation ; behead me again, and I am a large boat. 2. I am a violent effort ; behead me, and I am a retinue; behead me again, and I am water. 3. I am a fish; behead me, and I am a word signifying robust ; behead me again, and I am a liquor. 4. I am a covering of the body; behead me, and I am a word signifying relationship; behead me again, and I amn a preposition. 5. I am a weapon ; behead me, andl I am a fruit ; bohead me again, and I am a part of the body. 6. I am a rough prickly shrub ; behead me, and I am a word signifying to wander about; behead me again, and I am a word meaning a peculiar pace of a horse. MARIAN CLARK. lart's House, Bnnt/wood, Esser. (Aged I3;r.)