Our I~Iu331e ~Soy.
ANSWERS TO LAST MONTH'S ENIGMAS. 1. Matabeleland. 2. Turpie. 3. Hore. ANSWERS TO MISSIONARY QUESTIONS. 1. John Smith. He died in prison. 2. Captain Turpie and Captain Hore. . 3. Raiatea, Aitutaki, Raratonga, and Samog: . " 4. Mrr. Nott. 5. Papeika. 6. The translation of the Bible. Two Prizes will be given every quarter to children, under twelve, who send in the best answers to "Gardener," 14, Blomfield Street, E.C., before the 25th of each month. (Name, address, and age of competitors must be given.) SIX BIBLE QUESTIONS. 1. Can you find any parables in the Old Testament ? 2. Are there any miracles, and where ? 3. Finish the text in Proverbs, beginning " Even a child" .. 4. How many times is love mentioned in 1 John, iv. chap ? 5. How do you know Jesus loves the little ones ? 6. What does Be want you to be, and to do for Him ? SIX MISSIONARY QUESTIONS. 1. A Foreignl Secretary of the L.M.,., who died in Central Africa in 1879 ? 2. A veteran Missionary who celebrated his jubilee work at Bangalore in 1887 ? 3. What two important religious societies owe their origin in large measure to the founding of the L.M.S. ? 4. Who first made use of the English language in teaching the natives of India, and when ? 5. In what year, and by whose orders were the idols of Madagascar publicly burnt ? 6. In what year, and in what town were the first three New Guinea converts baptized ?
ENIGMAS. 1. My first is a consonant. My second is a preposition. My third is an irregular verh. My whole is the name of a river in Africa. 2. MIy first is an auxiliary verb. My second is an avoirdupois weight. My whole is the name of a Chinese Mission Station (WHiLLIAM FIELD. Age 10.) SIX "BURIED" MISSIONARIES. 1. When going up hill I psalmodize. 2. In the tub eggs were carefully packed. 3. Encourage robins on the window sills. 4. From the dumb rock, wayfarers heard sounds. 5. Do you enjoy centenaries, my friend ? 6. The Mosque of Omar rises high above Jerusalem. -* PICTURE STORY COMPETITION. THE Prize is awarded to Ewart Lyne (Southampton), age 10. The following are worthy of special merit (in alphabetical order) :- E. D. Austin, H. Davidson, C. Gilmour, G. Littlejohn, E. Spence, L. C. Thomas, and G. M. Trench. PRIZE STORY. A little boy named George Smith was very fond of hearing about missionaries and their work; especially he liked to, hc;ar about Africa. " When I'm a man," said George, "I shall 1be a missionary, amlr teach the heathen about the love of Christ." And so he was, for after attending college for several years he was sent by the London M issionary Society into Central Africa. There he had only a poor hut to, shelter him from the burning sun, and he knew that lions and other wild beasts were in the forests behind the mountains not far off ; lIut, worst of all, the people were afraid of him and would not come near. One day, however, when he was sitting at his cottage door a young native ventured near, and sat looking at him. Suddenly he started up with a frightened cry, and, pointing to something behind the missionary, ran quickly away. Turning, he saw a lion. In a moment he rushed into his hut, snatched up his gun, which he always kept loaded, and followed the lion, who, pursued 1by several natives carrying spears, was running away as fast as he could. After a long chase a bullet from Mr. Smith's gun killed it. Oh, what rejoicing there was ! and no louger was the g',o,d missionary avoide-l by the black people, but they yelled and danced alout him with joy. Then they sat down in a ring clohse to, him ; their chief, commanding silence, asked the " white god " to talk to them. Gladly the missionar'y told them of Christ--how tHe would deliver from Satan, who goes albut like a roaring lio)n ; he spoke o)f His love, goodness, and mercy, and that He would guide them here and lead them to heaven. Soon the poor savages, from his words and his good life, understood this great love, the young native being the first to give his heart to, God and try to serve Him. By mistake last month, the name of the second prize winner was omitted- HrILA MARTIN, age 11. Both prize winners have received their books, and have written expressing their pleasure. GARDENER.