Our friend F. W. BIwsTSEaD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. Of all the thin persons I ever have known, The thinnest of all was Theophilus Bone : He was so absurdly, so foolishly thin, He shrank into nothing compared to a pin. I've tenderly cherished, right up from my youth, A faithful, unbroken regard for the truth; The heaviest bribe would not tempt me to stray From the first of sweet truth, my delight and my stay. So I know you'll believe when I tell you that he Was as thin as a fellow can possibly be; A second is thin, but, as Pat says, ochone I A second seemed bloated compared to T. Bone. One day in the sea he was having a third, When a terrible shout from the people he heard; They thought 'twas the sea-serpent come to the land, And quickly they collared and took him in hand. They put him into an aquarium tank, But quickly in death to the bottom he sank, And, should you discredit this funny man's acts, I'll make affidavits on each of the facts. F. W. BINSTEAD, REBUS. No. 2, J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. CENTRAL DELETION. No. i. To sit and gaze on first with admiration, Soon proves our thoughts are pleasing to the mind; Yet they've often helped to fire the aspiration Of doing greater things that lay behind The 'dark and awful mask of deep deception, That leads us to the bridge of grim despair, And( pausing not one moment for reflection, We take a sudden leap into the air. And thus we last the danger that's surrounding Our footsteps, as we tread life's dreary way. Though prospects great around us are abounding, We often throw a golden chance away. CHILD OF THE MOON. OMEGRIAM. No. 4. You all pass first 'most every day, To get it made you have to pay ; It's very long, it's very strong, And oft it's high as well as stout. Now, will you please to look about ? We all do next upon the street, And so does every one we meet. Now I have done, so for the fun; Will you just try and find its name? And if you fail 'twill be no shame. R. MONTGOMERoy. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 5. Indeed, a-mutton first is very nice When 'tis supported by a good potato; Plum pie to make one happy should suffice, And tarts are nice, I shan't forget to state, too. A next where sweetmeats were exposed to sight Was dearly loved by me when quite a young one, And on my way to school, with pockets light, I'd third and look with gaze that should have stung one. The soldiers sat around to have their feast; With staggering fourths they brought the monstrous kettle, Whichdid contain of Trish fifth at least Sufficient quantity the lot to settle. GESSMEYNE AIxS.
ENIGIA. No. 6. I might depict a merry group Partaking soup, Or show a donkey, winking sly, On Peckham Rye, With some poor'jurenile as(s)trde. Who means for once to have a ride. Or I might be a maiden fair (With golden ]air, Of course), who sweetly bids good-bye, With pretty sigh, To her dear swain, a sailor lad, Who steals a kiss and then looks glad. In me you've seen a pirate fierce, Whose eyes could pierce, With fourteen pistols in his belt, With hat of felt, His left hand grasping such a sword I (A sordid fellow, on my word.) But this is but a passing cloud, And I am proud To say that I am quite a swell, For, truth to tell, A glittering snurface you'll behlld, And round me there's a line of gold. H. C. PRICE, Southwark. REBUS. No. 7. W. H. BIau, Holloway. ARITIIMOREMI. ,t 8. $ >-- FeeIltion Nnord. -"5--- When mother Nature from her deathly sleep Is roused by Sols invigorating ray, And snowdrops fro',n the cold and darkness peep Into the genial light and warmth of day,; When earth is clothe-1 in her fair robe of green, And up above the sky is bright and clear; And when the modest violet is seen- 'Tis then we know that primals sweet is here. Cross Words. 56 and oere Cringing and lowly, Humble and meek. 50 ,, aup Man who most holy Sayings did speak. 1,500 ,, aroous Feminine gender, Dainty and tall. 1 ,, taunf Fragile and tender, Creature so small. 500 ,, snare Faithfully tended, -Treated with care. 500 ,, arng Beautiful, splendid, Charming and rare. F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. CONUNDRUM. No. 9. Dear riddlers, a con. I would like to propose, If our Editor me will permit, Which is: When you send to this paper a rhyme, A tale, or a topical hit, Wlat novel of Dickens' then fills up your mind- Fills it up to the very last bit ? SEEDY. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. In ages long gone by, there lived within Au humble hut, built in a forest drear, An aged man, who shunned the noisy din Of sinful men, to woo sweet virtue here. I know not why the sage gave pleasure up To reside in a lone and dismal cell; Folks said he had drunk deep from sorrow's cup, And that for grief he thus alone did dwell. J. P. HARRIN oTON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. My first in Scripture:hist'ry see, By brother killed-what name was he ? My second we give every day, Yet should not like one, strange to say; My third has universal fame, There to belong exalts a name; My fourth's an object at your will Can make things large or smaller still. LucY MULLEN. CHARADE. No. 12. My primal is a lovely flower That's fit to grace the fairest bower; My second is a female name, I'm sure you've often heard the same; In whole a fragrant shrub you'll see. Now please the answer tell to me. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. DOUBLE ACROSTIC,. No. 13. Foundation Words. A county in Ireland in primals you'll see; Another in finals I own there will be. Cross WYords. My first is often used in tea; A kind of spear in second see; An open space is third, you'll say; Each householder has fourth to pay: Now, friends, to last I'll bid good day. Tom STOR, Saltaire. DECAPITATION. SNo. 14. Complete, behold a dog in me Of repute in the chase; SCut off my head, and you will see A bird of prey in place. HENRY ADAMs. DELETION. No. 15. I am a word of letters four, And peaceful I do mean; But take a letter out, and then A river's left, I ween. R; CGRGArr.