Oar friend SIED, TAYLOR to-day takes the lead in the RIDDL '. TOURNA IE NT. No. 1. i flwhldid sde ' Th f,@'ich loth mean " Bego""i l ýOttt of }hy sig'ht !" Th liead remoove, Whathboasters lose To do will'c6me to sight. Aud .nov Idcl fh1ii. Ask you agilh' To take the head away; Sure as. I live, . A relative It.quickly will display. Hurrah, friends, for Our Editor * And give three hearty cbeers For each brave so~l On the muster.roll Of." The Young Folk's Budgbtiers." FILED. TAYLOR. TREBLE AOROSTIO. ' No. 2. Foundation Words. In firsts, in centrals'hind in finals too, A forest monarch you will surely view. Sweet music enchanting Sometimes I've been wanting, When low or despo)nding in body or mind; There's nothing more cheering, More sweet and endearing, Than music, sweet music, played this and refined. A history of forest giants old Is this; and interesting to peruse; More hints upon it I cannot unfold, My knowledge of it being but obtuse. When danger's past, My welcome last Is by the weary seamen sought; 'Tis quite a balm In storm or calm To those whose life's with dangers fraught. J. MIYEns, Dalton.in.Furness, HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES. No. 3. The firelight was glancitlg, Tihe shadows were duncilig On ceiling and wall, And the gathering gloom Of the deal, cosy room Had a hgharm foi' all. To all who were sitting there A little narrator fair Relates a stdry, Oft heard before 'tis true, Well known, but always now, And full of glory. Through all the sweet old tale Interest will not fail E'en for a minute, For Cihderella dear Gains wai'm Welcome her6d- tong may she win it. While clear reflections darbt Home to each childish heart Goes the recital; And the deep calm that reigns Eva thiniks of her pains. A just requital. The story is ending, The children are sending Bright glances around ; , Of the tale of their choi~oe Of 'E va% ssoftyouig voice., lToth dai~e the last sdtind. ' LOVR,. lOtONOPION1$ No. 4. FIRST. How sad it is when dearest friends must first, To leave their homesteads and their children dear, To go to that celestial realm where fear Ne'er comes,' wherd 'angels heavenly hymns rehearse ! Friends, weep, not; dash away the trickling tc,"', And from your breasts vain, idle fears disperse. SECONI . My scarf is yellow, so's my irotbo,: thoo Althoqpgh mipe iS tlie brightest, I Inie sayr; But now I'm going to have it trr4cdd' 'o grey. (Jack says, "Grey'sr gly. Why no'it ~I it rie ?") A man well pyudoth aidoit in, ii day; Blue's now its o11i--'ycllowv s goun friden view. FINIS.' This is my very first attempt to pen A monophone-a sweetly pretty name. Each riddler's qniclk. atont.oin it should claim To place it on a basis lrm,.ad then ,, 'Twould be a' pppipg-stoue to I I 4~Y's fame, And prove in time heis, the,best of men. II. H. ADAMus. PALINDRO1Q E. NIo. 5. Seau map plates down, This'is a town- In Franmm it is, you'll s'y~ WVihrd it's tuLrhed rori't " The'o ivill be funill' The Yanitr as hthail at ,a.it ." , . RonmNsoN, For lihst .ir)eayy i: ~tal tukq; My e At.I i' em t wo4Unsoy;. My f urel;,aode umuy hadsl employ. FAUNA DR, Ar
CURTAILMENT. No. 7. When first, young friends, I went to school, The master said to me: "Now, how you can this primal read Come quickly let me see." I took the first within my hand, And gazed upon it long, I something read or spelled, but, ah l He told me I was wrong, Said he then, " Now go to your seat," Which I did quickly do, Not wishing, as you may be sure, More questioning-'tis true. That school, my friends, I did attend Till I was in my second, When a very handsome, worthy youth I by my friends was reckoned. On the day that I unto that school For ever bade farewell, I met a maiden last and gay, A charming little belle. I spake to her, she spake to me, Fond words we did exchange, And vows we plighted that nothing e'er On earth would us estrange. JAcK FINNErTY, Dublin. CHARADE. No. 8. My first a boy's name is, I think, That's known to you quite well. My second's found in oranges, But more I must not tell. My third's a useful thing, though small; To fasten it is used, And it takes nine men to make; 'Tis very much abused. As I looked o'er the Young Folk's pages, I read there of a youth Whose fame is spread both far and near, A champion for the truth; He fought the giants great and tall, He slew them in their might; He gave no quarter, spared not one, He conquered for the right. He was my whole; and now, dear friend, This riddling rhyme is at an end. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath. LOGOGRIPH. No. 9. My total is an English town, But cut both head and tail clean down, Then change the rest, and you will find I bring another one to mind, Which, headless and transposed, will name One of considerable fame For cricket players-as a rule, Students of an excellent school- Who since eighteen seventy.three Have defeated Harrow, I see, Except at Lord's, the other day, Where each side showed some first-class play. J. BRowN, Haigh. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 10. Cross Words. My first is barren, unproductive, vain; My second mathematics will make plain; My third, so lively, men in music use; My fourth a name, or token, if you choose; My fifth, an adverb, means in every place, Excepting not the smallest point of space. Foundation Words. My firsts and lasts combined too often tell Of havoc, danger, death perchance. Farewell. GEORGE G. MONOPHONE. No. 11. A first rode off from the battlefield, To the fort of Don Joseph he made his way; " My lord," he said, as he leant on his shield, " The infidel Moors have gained the day." " Oh, why this news I" said the warrior bold, As he mounted his steed and galloped away. Ere last came down, that famed stronghold Was under the Infidel's cruel sway. G. JAMES, Newry. PALINDROME. No. 12. A carriage is this, and a small one, I wis, So try now the word to find out; Then reverse, and I'll be just the same you will see- Of this there can't be the least doubt. Just make up your mind the answer to find- 'Twill be easy, my friend, if you try; But, I pray, no mistake in the word you now make, For that would not do, by the bye. I have said quite enough-you'd be tired of such stuff, If I longer you here did detain; So 'll bid you adieu, and assure all Qs you That before long I'll call here again. .HAaRR LrNN. METAGRAM. No. 13. A simple ornament is first, It's all colours from red to green; On high, on low, on rich, on poor, It may nearly always be seen. I always like to this our B., Especially the "Party," In which the Ed. appears to be Among us gay and hearty. For third akind of field put down, A rich one it will show; Sheep generally on it thrive. Adieu; now, friends, I go. ALBERT E. U. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 14. Whaft's generally worn with watches The centre please delete, What's always found upon a face Your vision now will meet. GovmDnA, Wimbledon.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 15. Dear riddlers, if you have time to spare, Please try to form this diamond square, And if the centrals you read aright, A character in "Miss Gwennie" comes to sight. For first please write one-fourth of game; A useful thing my next will name; In concert halls you this will hear; A Lancashire town will next appear. A female's name my fifth will be- Just look in Y. F. W. B.; What means to want my sixth doth mean, If guessed aright will now be seen. In courts of law this man is famed; A Budget hero next is named; And to complete this little rhyme, For last put down one-fifth of crime. ANoN. REBUS. No. 16. SARDAfArALUs. ENIGMA. No. 17. I see them in the garden Upon a washing-day; I see them at the station, From which trains start away. Young Folks, I write them even now. What is their name, I pray P T-- F. W. BINSTaAD. PALINDROME. No. 18. A Turkish town, If you write down, And then please turn it round, If done aright, There is in sight The same word, I'll be bound. S. RW. INSA. S, noui'sos.
REBUS. No. 19. . - - ,-- BLUE-BOTTLE. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 20. Life eternal, never ending, Down from age to age descending, Time's destroying hand defying, Unimpaired, and never dying. Shakespeare won it, and his name Liveskfor aye in brightest fame. Lowering, and foul, and base, Sure forerunner of disgrace; Deir Young Folks, avoid its way, Keep from its o'erruling sway, Stealing joy and love, and leaving Miserable shame and grieving. BINsTEAD AND CROYSDII,,. SQUARE WORDS. No. 21. My first a party brings to light, To which we often go' And second then, if read aright, A bitter tree will show; A third, now money is so scarce, Poor people go without; And last of right is just reverse, So now please find me out. KAIRON.
ANSWEItS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEER, 1.-Long.fellow. 10.- M A Y 2.- P APE PEA YEW VER S E 11.-Fox, foe, fog, fop, SEA S ON S 12.- W PERSEVERE SIN PROVIDE BONES TREAT WINFREll TRY MAR IA E SEA 3.-Deal, lead, lea. D 4.-Event, even, Eve. 13.--edal, meal. 14.--Belle, bell. 5.-Foal, goal, coal. 15.-Ladder, adder, red, 6.-Review. Thus: Rancid, 16.-Hartington. Explicit, Victor, Image, 17.-Rose.mary. Extract, Whisky. 18.- F I R E 7.--ledge.hog. I R 0 N 8.-Rebel, rebel. E 0 ND D 9.-Drink, rink, ink. 19.--Music hath charms, 20.- Camest thou from India, popinjay-and why? To make our friends open ear and eye, Gaze on my feathers, wonder at my talk, And think 'tis almost time for Cookey to walk.