Our friend PETER PERT to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. HIDDEN PAITS OP T'IE BODY, No, 1. When the mantle of darkness is cast o'er the earth And the sun has retired for the night, How grand is the prospect of Nature at rest I How calm and subliind is the sight ! Then come, ye sweet sohgsters *ho sing of the day, Do not always cling to the light* No, seek other themes, and acknowledge there are Malty charms in the stillness of night. PETER PERT. ACROSTICAL PYRAMID PUZZLE. No. 2. Just listen to me a minute or two; My riddle I want you all to construe: You must carefully read my centrals right, Else this riddler's name you'll not bring to light. Riddling friends, attention pay: I'll be bound, Strength is the word in which my first is found; Dear me, what a nuisance it is I! I'll vow A second I cannot find anywhere now. Let's stay a few moments, and I'll seek out This second, which I can't now do without. Once more I'll look for this second so dear. Now I have found one. Come, is not that queer P I think I shall be allowed to proceed Now, so for my third an animal read; For fourth a Budget riddler's name's shown, Unto you all her name is well known; Readers of history surely do know Near here a battle was fought long ago- Eagerly the Percys fought there, I trow; Search out for my last a part of our B., Surely 'tis where we fine verses do see. S. Ronzxsoe. ENIGMA. No. 3. S nall from great I separate, That is, if used with a will; if you protest you do detest The process, effects are nil. How came my second to obtain The name of first I can't explain, But that they bear a slight resemblance Something may bring to your remembrance. Upon what is placed in first depends The analogy its usage lends; If the action of first be hid in a cloud, The maker of second the same must enshroud, Many a thought in me is wrought, But, then, 'tis a labour of love That gives a pace unto the race, Than duty far above. VERSIL, CHARADE. No. 4. You should see our baby boy, That darling pet, his mother's joy; Although sometimes he does annoy, We love to hear his pretty coy. Baby laughs, and thinks it fun Away from nurse in first to run; He'll not come back for any one, And all their hind attentions shun. Nurse does chide him for his prattle; He only laughs and shakes his rattle, Knocks the soldiers down in battle, Defies his nurse with harmless tattle. Next is torn from nurse's hair; Those dimpled hands then try to tear 'The head from off the poor old bear, A\ ud nursie says it is not fair. Dimpled cheeks and sparkling eyes, Hands stretched forth for what he spies- 'Tis my whole seen in the skies; Because he can't have this he cries. But, like sunshine after rain, Smiles wreathe o'er his face again; Smiles of joy, not tears of pain, Are seen till in the cot he's lain. T. W. KITCINEn . CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. 'Tis what most people wish to be- A laudable ambition; The Budget has already gained That glorious condition. And may the new Prize Paper be To every one the same; Each reader ought to do his best To earn it widsccpread fame. Now strike the centre letter out, Which will disclose to view A very tall and stately tree Well known to most of you. NUMER1IC L !:I1RADE, Ho. 1. My 0,13, 2 is the cause of all woe To the rich and the poor, to the high and the low; My 3, 11, 8, 5, and 4, you will find, Name an animal useful in time out of mind. My 8, 13, 6, 6, 5, 14, and 9 (Pray, reader, excuse. me for missing a line) Are very serviceable this present cold weather, But of course you must always wear both of them togother. My 12, 7,1, It, 10, 5-that's all- A marble would do if it was lot fall. 1je wholo is a novel of world-wile renown, That pleads for the negro once sorely trod down. H. KELLY. TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. The cause of many doeaths I've been, Yet innocent of nll, I ween; Transpose, and you will bring to view An animal that's kp!own to you. JIr :~ni AxTn,
UCAIIADE. No. S. -ow joyous are the pleasures of the spring I So various and all so good and true; To hear my second in the bushes sing With sweeter bliss it doth the heart imbue; And now my first, both rich and nobly born, To bowers gay with foliage and bloom Doth oft repair at eve or dewy morn, To gather flowers laden with perfume; While on the blossoms or the leafy spray Perchance my whole is shining in the sun, Then spreads its tiny wings and flies away, As if instinct taught to danger shun. J. C. M'C. DECAPITATION. No. 9. Now, Budgetiers, if you behead A certain kind of seat, An instrument that's used by man You'll quickly see complete. J. TaowsnDALE, REBUS. No. 10. C. lELLAIR, lBelast.
TRANSPOSITION. No. 11. i : eaueth hidden or concealed .aipose, and you will see s: econd word, hereby revealed, A ',rccious gift will be; Anot her change W ill soon arrange A metal, you'll agree. J. G. LunSDnS, PALINDROME. . No. 12. ]lTat which to city life pertains If you should turn around, You'll see that, after all your pains, The same again is found. W. PFEIFFER. REVERSION. No. 13. A utensil if you bring to view And turn it round about, A little, harmless toy, I'm sure, You'll have without a doubt. ROBERT WATT, Brought y Ferry. PROVERB REBUS. No. 14. 41~ J. C. SrTOOE. CENTRAL ADDITION, No. 15. In sulnmer.time full many a first With sweet perfume And splendour bloom, And in their sweetness bud and burst, As with neat care they're gently nursed. In summer.time, as we along The lanes parade In leafy shade, The birds in sweet and charming song. The echoes last the hills among. J. 1lYEns, Dalton.in.Furness. LOGOGRIPH. No. 16. Complete, what am I but the name of a town? In bonny Scotland I am to be found; Behead and curtail me, and then you must own That I'm found in the church, I'll be bound. W. BAINES, Horbury. E NIGMA. No. 17. I am up in every tree, And I rest upon the sea, Also on the rusty plough, But you cannot tell me how. I am everywhere, even here ; Far away, and ever near. KAUeDIPbr NIA.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 18. Foundation Words. Well done, ye who bear off primals I Bonc mrait they cry ; And the cheers are long continued, Till all throats and mouths are dry. 'Mid the wonders of a nation Finals rank among the best; Finals printed oft amuse us When we, wearied, seek for rest. Join my finals and my primals, What you then will surely see Is a final and a primal Which we read with eager glee. Cross Words. With pride and riches, noble birth, This is often close allied; Second is a country famous, Its extent is large and wide. At the pantomime we laugh at All the queer tricks of my thirds; Thbis you find geography Will explain in a few words; My fifth's a ruler in the East, In the land of wealth and heat* But oft they say he does not hold A very comfortable seat. F. T. MAluorr. CHARADE. No. 19. A place where people buy and sell You for my first must find; Ily second a kind of vehicle I think will bring to mind. For third a weight you cannot lift You then must please put down; So, Budget friends, my riddle sift, My whole's an English town. W. HERnERTr, PALINDROME, No. 20. hRad backwards, read forwards, 'Tis always the same; It surely means even. Come, tell me its name. ALEX, S., Glasgow. ANSW\VERS TO I:DDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-D E C 0 R U Il 5.-Ten, Ben, Nen, E A G L E 6.-Organ, groan. SO D1 7.-United States. I 8.-The vowels. C A M 9.-Chill, hill, ill. A R E N A 10.-Too many cooks spoil L I BERAL the broth. 2.- 1lo 11.-Queen, queer. S O N 12.-Door, rood. II 0 N E Y 13,-Board, boar, boa. C 0 L 0 U R S 14.-" Frank the Fisherboy." P O L Y P HIO N E Thus : Fred, Richmond, TIG H TLY Antelope, Nose, Kate, Tie, A B O D E Hair, Elephant, Feet, AN T Ipswich, Sister, Henry, E Edward, Rose, Baltic, Oak, 3.-Primrose. Thus: Yellow. Pansies, Rose, Ivy, Mistle- 15.-Climb, clime, lime, toe, Rushes, Oxlip, Snow.- limb. drop, Eglantinu. 16.-Meat, eat. 4.- A D E N 17.-Sale, sail. D A T E 18.-Morn, lorn, corn, horn, ETNA worn. NEAR 19.- The storm came on before its time; She wandered up and down, And many a hill did Lucy climb, But never reached the town.