Our friend LOTTIE W. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. *AC]EOSTICAL E PUZZLE. No. 1. Gross Words.
My friends, this is' indeed a merry meeting I A ud, now, to all a seasonable greeting. Y on, Mr. President, I offer here . E ach wish that's-good and friendly And sincere. V ouchsafe me just a little time to-day, E xpert contributors, to have my say R ight hard I'll try to please and puzzle, too. Y ou'll listen, will you not, dear Young Folks P--do I How much of first this Christmas Number grand A wakens 1 and how well it'sall been planned I P ictures and poems, stories, and, as well, P uzzlers (or second) have their rhymes to tell; I ndeed, there's something here of every kind, N ice'things to entertain and please the mind. E xceeding fourth 'twoiild be if any one 8 hould fail to be amused by all the fun. S hunned is my third, I've often much suspected, B y every one with Red Lion House connected. E xcuse me, friends, but too much Christmas fare Y on must not eat, or you'll be fifth-take care. O h, don't do this, and never say my next, U nless you're very, very cross or vexed. I hyming to me is quite a heavy task, 8 o, dearest " Party" guests, I humbly ask, D on't, if you love your ever-faithful friend, E xpect a con. elaborately penned, A nd do not let me ninth, or, in despair, B efuse will I the puzzle.cap to wear. F red was my eighth when in the flaming dish R ose for the burning raisins made him fish- I n went his fingers, quick came out again; E very one laughed, but Freddy cried with pain, N ow that the winter time is here once more, D o not omit to tenth anample store, S olid and good, of coal; and then procure Ayule log, for 'twill give good heat, I'm sure; T here is a man has got some in the street, T he cry " Wood ho I" I heard him just repeat. H is logs next rather small, but, let me see, I will buy two. Now, how much will they be P S ee, the poor fellow looks quite thin and cold 1 M oast of his wood appears to be unsold. E nded this con. shall be-I must, in truth, R etire, that some more able maid or youth R ehearse their contribution full of this. Y et, ere I go, my question to you is: S weet friends, have you been next this simple rhyme P E ver has Y. F. proved a last most prime, A nd you will be fourteenth that it is now- S o its deserts we cheerfully avow. 0 f every cross word you have heard me speak, N ow for the answer every one may seek. Foundation 'Wods. Friends of the Sphinx, you ought to know The words my central letters show; My answer's shape is like an E, And may be found quite easily. LorTri W., Brighton, REBUS. No. 2. sa TOm Jons., NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. A fearful storm raged one dark winter day, The rain in torrents fell, the lightningflashed; Anon a peal of thunder rent the air, Which seemed to shake the roofs o'erwhich it orashed. Homeward a man was speeding, and s. he Was crossing o'er a swollen river'ido The bridge gave way; one mighty lea i he took, Which safely brought him to the other side. With trembling limbs he hastened ft iisihome, And, pale with fear, he told of his escape, By.a hair's breadth, from that dread wat'ry grave, YWich in the river did before him gapRe. LI .c R. B., Belfast, METAGRIAM. No. 4. A this you may,find In selfish or kind, In pain or rteif, In joy or in grief;. This often binds the prisoner to S . His loni anid dreary cell, . . SWhile on:his lihisb'git.leaves its marks,: . The gwful taleto tell. .. : In this an adjectivejplainly is seen,.: ' Mb;i~oelevateo it ovei will m~ai;: ..' . : . AndpraJylet your auwera bie pointed and terse,: For now, my dear friends, you and I'm2ist diaisbrsa;e. t' ': i. !. .O. LAUSURT,
CHARADE, No. 5. A first despotio ruled theland With rod of iron, cruel and stern: When issued was-his high command, Not one his mandate dared to spurn. A poor next man lived by a brook, Renowned through ages for its fish My first on it did envious look- To get'liossession oft did wish. Behold the poor man turned from home;* ' The brook through royal grounds now flows ; Yet first, unbending, still doth foam, Nor will to one the cause disclose,. His subjects can the reason tell, For whole his brook depopulated, While people think bad luck befel Him, whom the nation feared and hated. P. M'CuO, Dublin, REBUS, No. 6, 1C MAuna FRANcis. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 7. Foundation Words., Please read finals up and primals down, And you'll find a sea tale of renown. | Cross Words. I'm "spoons" upon, my noble friend, A first young girl named Sarah; If you search the world from end to end You wont find adamsel' fairer. When first I saw this lovely maid My heart went pit-a.patter. "You're a perfect duck," I sweetly said. And she murmured," How you flatter l" I met her by chance, and said, with a grin, "I'm going to kiss you, my ducky." I just gave her eight, with a this onein, And thought I was very lucky. My heart doth next with love, I'm sure, My own, my darling Susan. Of ale she is a splendid brewer, And she's five feet four with her shoes on. For her I this a mile or two, To show that I did deserve her' I did fifth to the town, and brought her a few Of her errands with last fervour. J. WbnswIox, DECAPITATION. No. 8. Sparkling with sunshine, SLaughing and gay, Ever and anon Rivulets play Songsters all singing With might and main, Thanking their Maker For sunshine and rain. Insects are buzzing, Humming-birds fly, As the bright, warm sun Traverses the sky. Animals roaming, With pleasant eye ; Nothing but gladness ,We can descry. Loathsome and dirty, Everything rank; Wallsalways slimy, Cold, and so dank, Where ne'er a sunbeam Sheds its its bright ray, Where ne'er we can see The light of day. Nothing but darkness, . Everything dull;,. . No lovely song.birds . With notes to lull. Nothing but.black walls, Which on us frown; And though.thy are strong, . Must crumbleodown. BeUPr A REOInarmA TsLrY,2Kirkdale. ACROSTICAL S QAE WORDS, M yflrst the patient editor o'erlooks, In countless nunmbgrsiii'thelivelongday Some god, and cliese ,are~printedi hisooks Soe asnt e are tori, or thrown a. L cud aree noes from seeond:(like a flute, Or somethiiig like it, ion will see it is); Then third 'm sure you'll find,'f you a'cute, I ndeed, it wil be dfoirth on.ev ry face E 'en uipon those devroid of any grac ng you hIck, oInoresign p s
CHARADE. No. 10. Within a felon's cell there stands Awaiting executi9n grim, A man with fetters on his hands, With gyves encircling every limb. List I list the final plainly says, The fatal hour has come at last; On e-arth he now must end his days,; His sad career 'ill soonnhave passed. Behold, he wanders 'forthiereo 'To meet wit firat ihe has'nid ea No sign of sea you can detect Upon his brow-all fear has fled,. Hark! harkl the total seems to say, SThe prisoner now is fiee from strife, Within these.walls has passed away Another-miserable life. ENIGMA. B'' BAw No. '11. I am sometimes large, I am eometimes small, And yon never sleep till I'm:lord of all; And the earth has ever my pow'r confessed; Een Eve in my arms has been soothed to rest. Though I cannot do harm, or'be grasped by you, &ometimes you aeefrom me, sometimes pursue. You: will see no coiintry but I am there, ,In the midnight's gloom;,or the noonday's glare, In the frozen north or thesunny south, In the jewelled crown or the osrnon's mouth. When the silver cueen of the midnight sky, The full moon, with lier iinseen winge soars high, My kisses are deep on her shining face,' And her orb is for ayre miy abiding.place.. A I gloat in the depths of the darksome mine Which ne'ersees the flush of the day divine; And I dwell in the endless.night of space, Where the unknown spheres roll their ceaseless race 'Mid the rushand roar of a city's street, I dog the quick stride of the myriad feet; In the mnisty depths of the silent sea For ever and ever my reign will be. , W.'Kam,;, Islington. METAGRA4. . No, 12. I hope our riddling jokes content you A quantity I'll now present you, . .Though you'll not guess them all, I fear, For you shall meet your equal here. The meaning is so hard to this, Yet pertevere, iid you'll not miss; But now my hand is on the last, And from the scene yoir friend has passed. T. L. HEazrT. CURTAILMENT. No. 13. Sir Lancelot hath to the Holy Land gone, With a down, derry down 1 And the fair Lady Hilda is left all alone, With a down! And at morn she doth weep, and at eve she doth groan, And there at her lattice she.sadly doth moan, Sing, hey, derry down I derry down I On a proud, noble first he one day rode away, With a down, derry down I And the fair Lady Hilda no longer is gay, With a down1 Till he comes away, at the wars he will stay. In the last he'll be foremost-alack ! well-a.-day ! Sing, hey, derry down I derry down I A. S. PLArTS, Sheffield, iREBUS, No., 14. F NTr BRown. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. , My first is seen in gardens green; ' My seconl is part of the human frame; My. next before, you'll find, does mean; And either way it:reads the same; ; F. RIDLr.