,-ur friend PHIL PsHEN:IX to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. 7 AR ADE. No. 1. Come from my first ay. come, The battle d twa is nigh, And the screaming tramp and the thundering drum Are calling thee to de I Fight as thy father fought, Fall as thy lather foil ; Thy task is taught, thy shroud is wrought- So forward, and f rewelll Toll ye my second, toll: Fling high the flan' eau's 'ight, And sing the hymn of a parted soul Benc:th the silent night; The w're :th upon his head, The cross upon hi' breast; Let the prayer be said, and the tear be shed- So, tak: him to his rest I Call ye my whole ny, call! The lord of lute and lay, And let us greet the sable pall With a noble song t -day, Go. cnll him by his name: No titter hand mauny crave To light the flame of a soldier's fame On the turf of a soldier's grave. PHIIIL PHo(ENIx. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 2. Thick cords, if the centre's deleted by you, Species of deer will come to view. SIR LAUNCELOT. No. 3 Now from the opposite of sink The centre tat e away, What is not sharp, but opposite, Y ,ur efforts will repay. J. M'YERS, Dalton-ln-Furness. No. 4. An article of food cons:umcd D.,ily 1by ll it is pre: inted ; With centre tdr lth'ed. it will not fail To be transformed in o a nall. A. H. COnLEY. PROVERB REBUS. No. 5. E. C. TYeras. MET AG RAI3S. No 6. 'Twere as thnugh a fairy queen Wav'd her first above the scene; Iiary Winter dies, an I green Lie the plain, Valley, meadow, and ravine, Once again. Mark yon little next that sing 1y the dreamy, pOrling sptring; Wre.Athing, as ascends their lay, A daisy chain With the flower- bro :ghr. by May Once agaiu. See. the third is drear no more, Cheerless Winter's reign is o'er : Homeward comes each roving bird O'er the main, And the linnet's voice is heard Once aga n. Yes, the hawthorn's scented bloom Calls the feather'd wand'rers ha m ; Winds have this each bmsh and tree In tile lane, And from thence their melody Stea's again Through the forest's gloomy shade, O'er its this a streamlet (made By a murm'ring mountain burn, Swoll'n n ith rain) Sparkles on by moss and fern Once again. No. 7. In first a kind of stick yod'll see; Change head. a square of glass 'twill be: Change head again, you'll have complete An alley or a narrow street. SILVERSTAR. No. 8 A wild plant if you change head, Another one you'll have instead; S. PRANKLeIN, Dublin. No. 9. Firs' I am a lane or path; But if you change my head, A very ug'y roetile, 1 think, will be instead. Change head once more, wise riddlers, And if you do it right, What signifies a burden I kiow will comrnto sight. ANNIE BAYLEY. 21!]
DO0U:LE ACROSTIC. \o. 10. Foundation IWorrs. My primals down, and finals up, It read aright by iou, A ramous Hiighland regiment Will surely bring to view. Cross Words. Oft in th- forest this is seen, And in the schoolroom, too, I ween. In bunches hanging from the tree Thi- pretty flower you often see. A vessel which, with Captain Nares, Winter'd 'midst Polar seas and bears. A country (west), greatly renowned, Where gold in quantity is found. A kind of soil or earth is this, In colour bluish black, I wis. FRED TAYLOR. TRANSPOSITIONS No. I. If you please a bird transpose, A kind of animal it will disclose. QUEEN AOsreAN LA FAY. No. 12. A coloured gentleman transpose, A spicy root it will d:sclose. SIED TAYLOR. No 13. Mark welN, now, whate'er I shall say : Three words you must find, In five letters combined, Thrice in a different way. Now von ask me the first to declare; Then by me you are told, For that to unfold, A name which a poet did bear. Again unto me you appeal, And I, to complI, Command you to try The name of a fish to reveal. Your inquiry once more you repeat. What now doth r im in Is that you shea' obtain The name for a portion of meat. T. L HeMnrY. RE.DBS. ,' It. 0., Lo:.don. ACROSTIC. No. 15. Cross Words. For first please take a Chri'taln name, And when you've put it down, My second find, a Juicy fruit, That's sold in every town. A precious jewel third will he, Of colour bright and green; To fasten for my fourth now take; In fifth a bird is seen. Our sixth we always ought to do, I'm sure, you will agree: And on my seventh, this moonlight night, 'Tis very nice to be. For eighth put down a well-known fur, Oft seen by you and me: My lnst. I'm certain, will be found A very handsome tree. F , doldtiont Worr's. This youthful hero's schoolboy days Your thought, ofttim s engage, For are they not recorded In the Budget's much-loved page ? LoT Y W., Brighton, OCCULT LUMINARIES. No. 16. "Oome, give us some riddles. You promised you would.' Of course, I intend it, so that's utnderstnod ; But stop till I've eaten this resher of ham. "O0. only just listen! Well, make haste and cram Plate and all in your mouth I" Oh, dear, no; not so fast. Arrange more pdlitely than that, lest I cast The whole to the winds, then in vain would you come Till a suitable temper shall fit you for some. J. L., Lambeth. REVERSION. No. 17. Stand forth, now, ant.bear Your whole and ' our here ; Which reverse if you dare, Though I pray you beware, Such a terrible snare. T. L. HEMERY. CURTAILMENT. No. 18. A boy's name for whole; But curtailed b you, Another boy's name It will bring to view. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY,
OMHEDRAM. No. 19. One day, whilst but a little boy- A thoughtless boy at best- I fancied it woul., give me joy To, rob some poor bird's nest. So soon I started off in quest, And found one quickly, too: A beauty 'twas, and in the nest Si st pretty eggs of. blue. Quite pleased I was with my success; But as the road I near'd, My consternation you may guess- A gentleman appear'd. Says he," My boy, what have you there ?" "Please, next," I soon replied, "Some birdies' eggs. which you shall share." He smiled; but 'twas aside. "You know, my child, it is a next To serve poor birdies so; But with you now I'll not be vex'd, If you wll better grow." I with his ways was quite b'guiled, His words were kind and frank. Says he, ' Come next besiae me, child, Upon this mossy bank." What passed b tween us there that day I have not space to tell; But I diil last his words, and pray He ever might fare well. These words ere now you may have gtues'd; If not, please change th tail Of first, likewise of all the rest, Then surely you 11 not fail. J. MYgis, Dalton-lnF urness DECAPITATION. No. 20. When whole I'm forund in nands afar; But if I'm of mi head bereft, You'll fin I what inrmy people are Will surely then be left. J. W. C \nDWICK. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Edith, Miriam, Bertha, 5.-Hearth, earth, heart, Myra, Ada Nora. hart, art. 2 -Barm, arm, mar. 6.-Jason. Thus: July, 3.-Pride of heart foreruns August, September, Octo- destruction. ber, \ovember. 4.- D 7.-Conundru ns. C A T 8.-Timne tries all. MAMMA 9.--.ox-g ove. L E VE R E T 10.-Apple- lossom. D A MEB l ;t N A 11.-Joseph Sedley. Thus: H ERR 1 I N G J'auS OnE, SouuD, EeL, G R E A T PenelopE, HenrY. A N T 12.- eace, pea, ace, ape, cap, A pace.