Our friends COULsoN AND ADCOCK to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words. To please and edify is our intent, When, muse inspired, before you we appear, To join the lists in this the " Tournament,' And greeting give to all assembled here. 'Tis primals that does fill our anxious hearts That this con. be accepted, though we find That finals the sad truth to us imparts That we, alas I may read, " It is declned." Cross Words. We went aboard the Nancy Jane; to Afrio's shore 'twas bound, But first.w-y there, the ship went down, and we were nearly drowned. We saw the sailors next by next sink down to rise no more, And clinging to a broken mast, we reached an island shore, And there we built a wooden hut, and then a garden made, And soon a crop of fine green thirds our patience well repaid. But one fine morn a vessel caple; now all our woes were past, It brought us home, and here we dwell with our good sister last. CoULon AND Ancocx. PROVER] Nc r- . ENIGMA. No. 3. Fm love, I'm hatred, good and wise; I'm great, I'm small, I'm mean; I'm Dizzy, Gladstone, ribt, noise ; I'm England and its Queen. I'm Russia; Prussia;,Spain, and 'Rome, Im Italy and Firance I'm father, mothbr,-kin,-and home, A soldier and a lance. rm wet and dry, I'm calm and storm, I'm valley, vale,or wood; Im man promoting great reform I I'm eas'ly understood. J. SAVAGE, Liverpool. CHARADE. No. 4. My 1whole is one.half of my sectmd, And first half of whole, it is true; In whole, if aright I have reckoned, A small, well.known coin you will view. T. O'ConxoR, Kinsale.
CHARADE. No. 5. (N. iiebt is the "ueart of youig ?iikey O'Flynn, As ee;lby he urges his charger so thin, And trundles along with snatches of song, As old as the frat he is journeying in. And light is his heart, when his second Kathleen, With the prettiest pair of blue eyes ever seen, So patient will wait at the old garden gate. To welcome him home with the grace of a queen. And the old pig comies lazily sauntering out To see what the lau~ghter and noise is about, And calmly reveals tlie pleasure he feels By rubbing Mick's leg with the side of his snout. And happy is Mickey, when he and his lass, Both chatting and laughing right merrily, pass Through meadows so sweet with lingering feet, Treading nature's own total, the velvety grass. F, W. Bixrsrzn. MONOPHONE. No. 6. Now school is o'er, let's wander forth, Your sister, first, and me; We'll go a.nutting, for I know Well laden is each tree. And when we think we have enough, Before we hurry back, We'll sit beneath my second, and A few, of course, we'll crack. We have no need to hurry home For 'tis half.holiday, So like a third we'll rest and watch The little lambs at play. S. C. HEATn. REBUS. .2. Urr T. GILMOnR, Belfast. METAGRAM. No. 7. I knew an old first, She was very second, And I always third To her when she beckoned. You should do fourth, If a fifth you desire ; I To work ne'er be loth ; To last e'er aspire. TOM Sroan, Saltaire. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 8. There once was issued a command, In days long, long gone by, That every male in the land Must forth to do or die. They went, but some of them returned No more, and some were lame; But these had all a pension earned, And eke a glorious name. F. Da M. H. No. 9. No tear, no sign whate'er of grief, The tyrant's death from any started; Rather all seemed to feel relief That such a monster had departed. If any stood beside his bier, It was to curse and mock him dead, So hated had he been where'er A liegeman lived to lose a head. HENarT ADAU . OMEGRAM. No. 10. One day, while sitting by a stream, I fell asleep, and thus did dream: I thought I saw a floating first Come sailing down the stream and burst. With spellbound gaze I then did view A sight which to myself was new, A glittering silver barque appeared, From where the first had disappeared. A bright gold second ran along, And ended at a silver gong ; The deck was laid with slabs of pearl Which would have ransomed any earl. This precious barque approached the land, To grasp it I stretched forth my hand, When, lo I it changed into a bird, And left me dreaming 'midst the third. B. GRArT. LOGOGRIPH. No. 11. In gaudy mien my first is seen Oft in theatres gay, At Christmas-time in pantomime- The first and choicest play. Curtail, transpose, and 'twill disclose What is to monks well known; Take head away, then I display A bird which here is shown. E. ParTcnan. CURTAILMENT. No. 12. Dear friends, I am an English town, No matter what you say, And, if you'd boast of gSreat renown, Find me without delay. If I am found, then, please, curtall, And-well, I do declare lu- I do believe that you will hail A bird so very fair. B. Monrraoar. ---- 0----