Our friend WooDENT CHERLIKETERNOE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. About the first of this or that My uncle oft would sit and chat, Next third would stay to hear, And while fifth sat sixth easy chair, The total of some stuffed old bear He'd pour into my ear. Oft have third heard him say to me, "My boy, 'tis plain as a b c, A lion is afourth. Second youfirst him with a bear, Your whole is altogether rare, And it will raise my wrath. " Second, third, first you with a dog, You'll say thatfifth am in a fog Or sixth my hobby high. So first no lion with a bear, Afourth it is, sixth that third swear ; And, now, please tell me why." WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOX.
REBUS. No. 2. I 7 J. C. STOEOE. ROTATION CHANGE.
Who doesn't delight in a race ? Ne'er a boy. Or a lengthy and right merry chase ? With " Ahoy I" They first for afar with a " Hip, hip, hurrah 1" Full of joy. Who doesn't delight in a game ? Ne'er a lad. Full of danger or not-just the same; Never sad I There's never pretext, they all join in the next, Light and glad. And who doesn't love a new dress? Ne'er a lass. How delighted they are i Can you guess P Light as gas. If 'tis hot, as a rule, they've a third to keep cool. Let it pass. Who doesn't delight in a swing ? Ne'er a maid. What pleasure the game seems to bring- Often played; Fourth up in the air, andhow high they don't care- Ne'er afraid. H. C. Pamc, Southwark. TRANSPOSITION. No. 4. He strokes his first with gentle touoh, And breathes a silent prayer: " When are my whiskers coming ? Much I wish they now were there." A little while they grew apace, In length a last or more, And now, whene'er he cuts his face, He says they are a bore. W. A. WILEs.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 5. Foundation Words. In primals a country to view is unfurled, "The Queen of the Ocean," "The Pride of the World." A country is seen in my finals as well; It is just the same; now no more need I tell. Cross Words. This means before; now find its name. Turn round, it is the very same. The judge, in court, next suited me; Backwards, this just the same will be. To stop the mouth this word doth mean; And either way alike is seen. An even surface, fiat or plain ; Reversed, it is the same again. A female name in fifth is shown; It reads the same each way, you'll own. My sixth will name part of each day, And may by you be read each way. A word for will or act is here; It does alike each way appear. Tos STona, Saltaire. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 6. Anon. MEPAGRAM. No. 7. " And have I reached my native land to be despised by thee, Whom I had early learnt to love with staunch fidelity, With whom my happiness was bound by golden chains of love P The years we dreaded now have flown, our constancy to prove. " Evade me not, false lady, for thy strictures now are frail. First, and hearken while I tell to you a simple tale: Five years ago, in Portsmouth Dock, there stood a maiden fair, Whose tear-dimmed eyes and haggard face betokened deep despair. "A sailor bore upon his breast the aching golden head. He strove to act the manly part, as, cheeringly, he said:: 'Farewell, my lass; 'tis for the next. But tell me, ere I go, You will be true when I'm away-oh, Nellie, tell me sol' " The maiden vowed she'd e'er be true when he was far away; The sailor fondly mused upon her promise day by day. When dangers grim surrounded him he bore them as a third, And never dreamt that she would prove unfaithful to her word. "Five years elapsed, and then the sailor, full of hope, returned, To find his honest love repulsed, his yearnings coolly spurned. Time had proved too sharp a fourth-he was forgotten now ; The lady heeded not his love, and broken was her vow. " The hopes he e'er had cherished soon were sinking into rest; All happy thoughts lay dormant in his sad and aching breast. A last the maiden thought him when he landed safe on shore When he learnt the truth, a last he vowed he'd be no more. " Seek not to turn your head aside-the maiden false was thee; The sailor who had won thy love and constancy was me. The word now trembles on my lips-accept my last fare. well. False as thou art, I love thee still. Good-bye, my darling Nell." T. W. KITCHNER. OMEGRAM. No. 8. "Go first me a drink from the stream. If over the second you fall, Why, then, you must give a loud scream, And papa will haste at your call." " This water it tastes just like third- As last, yes, as last as can be. I think my sweet pet's voice I heard. Ah, here she comes, smiling with gleel" " Dear papa, some water I've brought; 'Tis clear, yes, as clear as can be. So now, pa; I think that you ought A kiss to bestow upon me." S. FRaxuI.xn, Manchester. DECAPITATION. No. 9. My first did plough the ocean main, The black flag at his mast : But ne'er will he be seen again, For he was caught at last. " You willain !" the old lady kaid, " I'll catch you, never fear I" And this next female caught poor Ned, And, horror ! pulled his ear. I rushed to catch the city train At a terrific third, But as the station I did gain, Its last shrill shriek I heard. F. R. ComsoN. ENIGBA. No. 10. I love the sweet, secluded dell, With green hills sheltered round, And in those shades where fairies dwell I also may be found. I love the dark, sequestered wood, Where silence spreads her wings Ilove the lake's translucent flood, And all the bubbling springs. I fly the city's crowded street To some romantic glen; And, oh, I am considered sweet By toilworn, busy men. For when within the human heart I have set' up my hrine, I there peirform an angel's part, And yield a bliss divine. SHAMrOCK, Armagh.