Our friend HERBRuT; g, H to-day takes the lead in the RID DL E fO.Ur ANArAM,1LI T. CHALRAfDE. IdJa! 1
By yonder 0blh 'at1'linUhling stie~in That swi. 'ishe1b:y, And where'tle rippT1s ght1 gi ttin Like diamonds to the eye, Where flowers so,sweetbbloom'neath lirst's rays, A shady nook will meet'byour gaze. The tall, bright; waving'grasa Iefseer, Tipped with the orystal dew; The modest'violet serene' Doth raise'.her)head'of'blue; When whole arrives.I leave the town, And in thlis nook' Ilay Me addwn. The:feathered:songsters merrily' Re.echo' far(andmnear, And sweetly, is each melody Borne to the §thrnger's ear. It often brings t- mind the ddr When I, like them', W9il'fiee'a i!la . But soon the joyous second's oc'u, Each bird doth seek its nest, And this sweet spdt I d6 adore I leave with heaving breast. To every flower I'bid 'diit, The daisy and the cowsarp too. ..... : : r Ii. ADAMS. LOGOGRIPH. No. 2. Ye riddlers clever, In whole will 'e seen A word which doth mean To split or to sever.. Two letters'erase, And then; I"cdnf ssi A rocky redesab You'll see in' its place. Now please' change.tho heenl,. What means to, rosens, Assuredly you Will then see instead. This word now transpose, If rightly, I ken, It instantly then An ornament shows: If you'll not object, These letters restore, Then change head,once more, And to wash you'll detect. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundation Words. Dear riddling friends, ifiguessed' an::h1, A well.known, fruitlmy primals ,, ; My finals nexttwill bring'to sight An Irish town yon all should kuow,r. Cross Words. Singing my first, I careless strayedt Beneath my third's .refreshing'shae ; When, with shrillhcream, approahi;: n'eatr, My second I observed, with' fear'; I saw my fourth affrighted'flyy. With thick'ning tail and flashingr e, Across my last. Now, riddlersi vry To solve this puzzle. So, good.-' J. Cusai.':s, :t''i t. MONOPHONE. No. 4. With a wondering air, Dear little Nelly stands; She has bright golden hair And tiny dimpled hands. "Darling 'Nell, cotd to me; I want you so liadly. I am by the first'tree', And waiting so'sadly. "And see what' I've brought yoa, A splendid next this is; To give it I've sought you, And so claim some kines. With wide.open blue eyesi She slowly advairtes, And acceptseof herprize With many kind glances. CLov:ER. CENTRAL ADDITION. No. 5. Some robbers once upon a first Journeyed quite a distance;;, But second their retreat did proven When met.by firm resistance. Find first, and add a centre neat, The answer then you have complete. J. Mrxas, Dalton.in.F'uruesb'. , SQUARE WORDS. Ito. 6. Dear riddlers all, on you I call, To see if you can find This puzzle out, which I've no doubt Will soon come to your mind. All riders who ride in the "Row" Use this, my first, I know; And drivers too, as plainly you Have seen them oft, I trow, A store.for bees.the riddler sees: In:next, when broughtlto.sight. My third you'll tell will uilkly spell A Rlhssian raihnl'~ arfg:'tV" My last's a word ths.t's of tenI heard eTo meaudshiitulp,diSffiiel. I'll make imy br" dad liop6' thfitnow T'l'lis square ill come to mi! W d b, , " .. . W.T;__ 'i
LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. An article used in camping out My whole will surely be; Curtail, and if careful what you're about, A number you will see* Now this turn round, and if rightly done, There will appear to view An article used by fishermen. So, riddling friends, adieu. SKYLIGHT. CHARADE, No. 8. My first is very much esteemed By rich as well as poor, And oft my second both commit, Although of judgment sure. Without my third there scarce would come A bright or cheering ray To illuminate our darkened homes With the sweet light of day. My whole is manufactured from The finny tribes at sea, And has no doubt been often used As nourishment by thee. LILIA. MONOPHONE. No. 9. You see it by the rivers, And also by the sea; But, plainly speaking, reader, It is a kind of quay. But take away a letter, And put one in its place, When, lo l a certain nobleman Your ready pen will trace. J. WORswIcK. METAGRAMS. No. 10. An animal my first will be; Change head, another one you'll see; Change head again, and then, I trow, A marshy place the change will show. Change head again, and then, I ween, A piece of wood will now be seen; Change head again, if done aright, What means to jolt will come toasight. S. E. D. W/BB, Ballinakill. No. 11. I mean to examine, but change my head, And a kind of home you'll have instead; Change head again, and you will find This is required by our mind ; If changed again, I'll surely be A point of the compass, as you may see. PEN AND INK. ENIGMA. No. 12. r m in the thermometer, And also the barometer; I'm a planet in the sky; I'm useful to the mariner, The farmer, and the traveller; A kind of silver am I. MAT. SQUARE WORDS. No. 13. My first you have often observed in the sky; A river of England you next will descry; My third is a mountain you've heard of, I'm sure, If you are a student of classical lore; My last isn't distant, but quite the reverse. Now, friends, let your answers be pointed and terse. PETER PERT. OMEGRAM. No. 14. Come, Budget friends, attention; Now mind what you're about, And while these things I niention, You're sure to find them out. A dog, sometime or other, Perhaps will first its tail; And next (yourselves don't bother) Is just a word for pale. And now, Young Folks, you'll settle Quite easily the third; It may be rather little, Yet 'tis a dread;ed word; We better are without it, Wherever it may be. Now, no mistake about it, In fourth a verb we see. A doll near me is lying, And with me you'll agree, That while the doll I'm eyeing A little fifth I see. No more I need be showing: The sixth, admit, is plain To find it out. I'm going- Of course I'll come again. ALEX. S., Glasgow. ACROSTIC. No. 15. Foundation Word. Ah, yes I when I dwelt in the land of the living, To every musician a charm I was giving; So please work me out with your pens and your pencils, Then find me attached to your kitchen utensils. Cross Words. It lives among the brushwood in the glen, And flies in terror at the sight of men. "Boys will be boys," so men of wisdom say: They play their whistles and their these each day. Rather than travel there, 'twere my desire To read the Budget by my native fire. This dread obscurity disturbs me quite For goodness' sake, ye mortals, strike a light. Abh, here's a light, and one that's lately made, I think, to put the others in the shade,. Behold I am subject to a vast control, Purest emotion of the human soul. S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. I0 -
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 16. A contemptible vanity first word will be; Behead, and equestrian work you will see ; Transpose, and disclose what means dreadnl, no doubt; The solution is easy, so please find it out. BnowN-EYEs. No. 17. An African river; if you change head, A beast of prey you'll have instead; From this if you take centre out, A rank or row you'll have, no doubt. GORDON J., Newry. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 18. Our diamond we will now commence: My first is just one.fifth of pence; For second a kind of fish put down; And third will name an Irish town; Part of your frame in fourth you'll view; And last is always found in blue. Read centrals down, and then, I trow, A precious stone will surely show. PoarDonE.
REBUS. No. 19. J. SloaoE.
CHARADES. No. 20. A well-known tree my first will be ; A brave French chief my next must show. The two combined will bring to mind An island near to France, I know. F. A. CORDREY, Shiplake. No. 21. A thing that's used by ladies In the winter first will be; A next a preposition That you very often see. A kind of bun my whole is, Which we sometimes have for tea. E. BAXTER. ENIGMA. No. 22. I'm a little bit windy, though sometimes of water; I never show favour to son, wife, or daughter; They sometimes call horses (that's funny) my name; When the liquor is strong I may bring you to shame. AaoN.
REBUS. No. 23. i. J. G. LUMSDEN.
ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &a., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Sole. 1 l0.-Noise, nose. 2.-Winter. Thus: Wind, 11.-Nob, nod, now, not, nor. Ice, Nile, Telephone, Ever. 12.-Ball. greens, Ringing. 3.- B 13.- H ARM DEN CROWD SATIN FLOWERS REPTILE BROWNEYES PHILISTUS HONESTY ALARGEROA ST J 0 Y C E 14.-Amy, May, yam. T E A 15.-Amend, mend, end. 4.-Car.ouse. 16.-Grape, rape, ape, pea, 5.-Weigh, way, whey, wey. pear, spear. 6.-Price, rice, ice. 17.-Foot.ball. 7.-Recent, centre. 18.-Catastrophe. 8.-Gladstone. 19.-Liar, rail. 9,- E A S URE 20.-Nettle, kettle, mettle, H ONE Y settle. DOG 21.- LAKE W ARAL AIVA KAL I DRONE ELIS C HAN NEL 22.-Impolite.