Our friend UoNCAS to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. My first is what folk do when they mistake, And often has it caused a heart to break. Ah, pity 'tis indeed that there should be A chance that we do wrong unwittingly. My second in itself is very small, But minus it we scarce could do at all. 'Tis merely a conjunction; still, my friends, Sometimes a lot on things as small depends. My filst and second, when united, show A kind of duty, to do which we go Where we are bid. I think I've made it clear As need be; so now farewell, reader dear. UN cAs. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No.2. L. LAssons, Chester. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 3. That " Patience is a virtue," boys, Is what the first men say, And I have exercised it, friends, For many a long day. I get up in the morning, sirs, For early I do next; But when my friends do not get up, Why, then it makes me vexed. I get a colour like a next. And to my friends I tell That they should do the same as I, And they would look as well. I think that I should like to go To next one summer's day, Take walks about the city old, And sail o'er Naples' bay. The children in the nursery Do often have a this; When tired, they go to bed, and ask Their mamma for a kiss. I think I'm not the first, my friends, Rotation clhnne to try. Now try to find the answer out. Adieu, my friends-good-!,ve. W. D). Picar.:c,,. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 4. Who is that boy, with vacant stare, That looks so dull and sad, With unwashed face and urscombed hair? He's some poor mother's lad. He says his mother's very poor, The rates she cannot p.y ; Their landlord's turned them to the door, Alas i this very day. But while the poor boy tolls the tale, And tears bedim his eyes; He faints-his rosy cheeks turn pale- He's passed beyounl the skies. MI. FAILAxQUIE, Bradford.
MONOPHONE. No. 5. A traveller in India's mystic clime Determined well all wondrous things to gaze on, Saw Elephanta's subterranean care, Whose dark inside the sun ne'er sets its rays on, Fought the fierce tiger, and with danger toying, Counted it play while thus himself enjoying. Much had he heard (the fame was just) about The temples of the heathen's famed divinity, And greatly wishing, as I said before, To see all things of note 92 the vicinity, He first would view it, and his fortune pitied To find that none but Brahmins were admitted. Cowed for the time, and yet not quite cast down, He thought of ways, means, and expedients many Entrance to gain, yet none of them would do ; None but this one selected he of any His mind put forth-that is, he saw no harm in To second for a time to be a Brahmin. No sooner said than done. He then a few Trinkets as offerings to great Brahma packing, Darkened his body (if you'd know what with, Set b alone; you'll find the rest is lucking), A turban white, a girule, so to speak, Around his waist-light costuupe and unique. "A fellow feeling makes us wondrous kind," And so our hero found. He gained admission Unto the heathen god's most sacred third, Enjoying much the fun and his condition, Though any priest the base imposture guessing Had furnished him with a most finished " dressing." But soon suspicious looks were being cast On him, and he well knew he was detected. He had no mind to stay and meet his fate. Although the risky deed was self elected. Danger perceiving, like a demon ran he; Talking was waste-he knew no Hindostanee. They all gave chase, and swiftly, too, they ran, But soon their buoyancy all sank to zero- A tiger, in his turn, was chasing them, And when they stopped, he followed up our hero. The hungry brute he cleverly evaded, And safe arrived at home, tired out and jlded. J. H. JATCHELO, Bow. ACROSTIC. No. 6. Cross Words. The sun was shining bright and warm, When two fair maidens, arm in arm, Freed from their duties on the farm, Went walking out one day, And as they gaily tripped along, They had no thought of harm or wrong, But carolled forth some merry song With spirits first and gay. They rested on a grassy mound, When all at once a dreadful sound Caused them to pause and glance around In dire dismay, to find A savage bull, before concealed Behind some trees, but now revealed1, Come tearing madly 'cross the field To where the two reclined. Fear lent them wings, those maideus fair, O'er hedges, ditches-anywhere- Away they flew, nor cared, nor knew, With many a second leap. On, on, away! But stay! but stay! A yawning fissure third the way. While down below swiftly doth flow A river fourth and deep. The girls gave up themselves as lost. Oh, horror ! to be torn and tossed ! But, ah ! the narrow space fifth crossed By one long plank-but one. Last-where they would have deemed it rash, But now-across the plank they dash. A savage roar-a crash-a splash- And Mister Bull was gone ! Foundation Word. With thankful hearts those totals left the spot. It's time I did the same too, is it not ? F. TAYLon, Rock Ferry. BIRDS ENIGIMATICALLY EXPRESSED. No. 7. Some birds in this strange way to be expressing Is not a task so difficult or hard, And at the end you'll say, " Oh, what a blessing That he's uubardened him, poor struggling bard!" For, you'll agree, 'tis easy to be guessing The simple cons. put here for your regard. 1. The arching dome above so bright and azure, With just a fleecy cloudlet here and there; What boys are fond of perpetrating, as you're, I think I may say, perfectly aware. 2. Small boys oft this in manner pugilistic, With arms upraised in scientific style. How sweet when eve sheds round her grey veil mystic, To this along the river for a while I 3. We turn and fly when in a field we meet him, But with a part of him upon our plate, We fear him not-complacently we eat him! A consonant; a measure this will state. 4. 'Tis sweet to rove o'er fields and hills at pleasure, Or promenade a lone, sequestered lane; But let me roam in shady this. A measure, A vowel, and a consonant remain. 5. When Phoebus sinks to rest, and o'er the spacious Aerial sky a shadowy pall is cast; A tavern now, with waiters so sagacious; And now write down an angry wind for last. H. C. PaRes. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 8. My 3, 2, 6, 7, and 8 Mean a proportion or a rate; In 2, 4, 6, dear riddlers, you An insect small will surely view ; 6, 8, 3's a hero of fame; 4, 8, 3, 5 a woman's name; And an Egyptian city great Is in my 1, 5, 7, 3, 8; 1, 2, 6 a domestic pet, Who loves a 3, 5, 6 to get. My whole's a word of letters nine, And is a flower rich and fine, In colour red. The summer air Is scented by its perfume rare. ALICE M. MACLACHLAN, Barnes. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. A gallant youth to Rome he went To see that ancient city; A band of ruffians slew him there- Now, wasn't that a pity ?
His parents, when they heard the news, Their hearts were very. sore To think that their own darling boy They never would see more. H. BATES, Lisburn. CHARADE. No. 10. My first asserts your power to do; My second that you've done it. Pray be my whole, and tell us now All you know about it. LILLIE AND WILLsE. ENIGMMA. No. 11. In winter I grow, in summer I die, My root is above me, and points to the sky; 'Midst frost I am horn, 'midst ice and 'midst snow. My shape's long and narrow, my name's-let me know. KINDERGARTEN, Frizington.
ENIGMA. No. 12. On the water, under the water, Dancing like an ocean daughter, And yet 'twill never touch the water, Over the earth, under the earth, Seen like a thing of a magic birth; And yet it never goes near the earth. Is moving for aye with a mighty hand The air and its clouds, and the sea, and the land Yet far, far from all it for ever will stand d Though a things the night, is as white as the s And whene'er it is looked at will dwindle or ow Yet never is larger or smaller, you know.r grow, With a light more bright than the stars of the nig It dazzling appears to the wondering sight t i And yet it is neither a fire nor a light. Is dogging your movements wherever you go Though borne by the whirlwind from sunshin to And yet, in good truth, only seems to do se. W. KELLY, Islingto GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 13. H. BuowN, Tiote DOUBLE DIAGONAL PUZZLE. No. 14. My first's an adjunct of the face, And is esteemed a natural grace. My second in the mouth is found Octuply, if dentatiou's sound. My third are housed within the Tower; Insignia of imperial power. My fourth expresses an amount I shouldn't like to have to count. My fifth pursues a humble life Away from cities' din and strife. My sixth's a term that men apply To times and fashions long gone by. My last is one of sluggih wit Who won't upon the answer hit. Seven words of seven letters you Will find, assisted by this clue, And when they are in order placed, And the diagonals are traced, Two European States behold, Rivals upon the main of old- One mightier now than ever known; The other weak and harmless grovnu. lHEnaR ADs SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. For first a snare will soon be found; My second means before, you'll ee ; My first, if you will turn around, My third, a number, it wK1 be. F. T. IfDLEY, NCew.st DECAPITATION. No. 16. An Irishman you'll find, I think, in first. One born in Erin's isle, to make it rizht ; Behead, and i've no doubt Lut that you'll sud To scandalize a person, to backbite. W. D. rtc:s-t. CENTRAL CHANGE. No. 17. Now, friends, I trust that you will lher Me, though I wear a mask, And that you will not thank use rude If I a question ask Of you. 'Tis this: 0 riddlers dear, Is this con. good enough For you to read ? I hope I don't Intrude with this poor stuff! The riddle which I here present You'll solve quite easily. lMy first is found in northern seas; Change heart, entire 'twili be. Dear members of the " Tournament," I fain would stay with you; But Ed. says I must go, and he Must be obeyed. Adieu. KNIGHT OF THE WHITe LE CHARADES. No. 18. Come, readers and friends, just a few moments And list whilst my con. I expound. In Africa search, and I'm certain that there The first of my con. will be found. And now I must give to my second a clue- 'Tis a part of an army you'll find; A garden utensil, one well known to you, My third will recall to your mind. And now for my whole. 'Tis a novel, my friends The author is Sir Walter Scott. Now, with this disclosure my short riddle ends 'Tis simple indeed, is it not ? Coacon No. 19. In winter-time, when falls the snow, With cold you do my first, I trow; In days of yore my next. I ween, On battlefield was often seen. A gifted man my wholo will name, His is, indeed, a glorious fame... De