Our friend AwarHue E. WAITE to-day Bkhs the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Folsndulion Words. Two flowers that thrive on the eternal shore, Where p,ýetssee them in enchanted dreuam; Alas the tirst will bloom on earth no more, As one' they bloomed by Eden's limpid stream But ah I the last still gladdi ns mortal eyes, Pale, perfect, pure, beneata cerulean skies. Uron.s I.rds. Arcadian huntress, though so fleet of foot, Thy lover conquered thee with golten fruit. The looks distraught,the e) e that knows not ease, The gibbering tone, proclaim the dread disease. Should this be hurt thou ueed'st not pity feel; It wounds who nurses it, and none can heal. A prince who rules on India's burning shore. Divine musician of the days of yore, Men pay thee homage at thy shr:n,: no more. By many a fount, by streaiulet's margin green, Sweet nymphs like this in fufry times were soon. Thy ti e flows o ward like a mighty se i, And all things pas;, and all things change with thee. The flower which de ks full oft the wooiland gl ,do With its deep blue was sure for Edh n made. Ath'U'lUiR E. WaeI'rE. CII ARADE. No. 2 I love the happy spring-time That. brings t' e vih'lets Ilue, t he tuttercups til daisies, And tlhe pretty cowsip too. It brings tihe lovely bluebells For my happy first to gather; It makes our he Irte light up with joy To see its glorious weather. It brings the pretty priurose, With its yellow b;ootm so fair: Itmakes the grass look fresh and green, That looked before so bare. It makes the lark to mount the sky; Then how merrily he sings I And, like my second, to his mate lie drops with outspread wings. The spring it brings so many joys- Too many Joys ti nunle- And when we harvee joyed th, sejoys, The winter comes again. My wh. le's a town in Kent, dear friend, I don't mind telling you; So let another riddler in- I bid you all adieu. HORAlCE W., Brighti n. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3. My 3, 5, 6 implies to gain; Bad spirit 7, 5, 6 ; 4,2, 3 company disda'n. And with it never m x. 4, 5, 6, 7 a fish will nameo; And 4, 2. strange to tell; 1, 5, 6 is part of the same, As you know very well. 1, 4. 2, 3 runs easily; 1, 5, and 7's a Itruit; 3, 2, 4, 1, as you will see, Will name a savage brute, 1, 2. 3, 4's a kind of bird; The same is 2, 3, 4; Whi.st ,u ith 3, 5, 6. 7 I've heard They up aloft call soar. Seven letters you above will find Have formed the hidden words; When pl..cel arluht, they bring to mind The act of shooting birds. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. ACROSTICAL X PUZZLE. No. 4 Foundation Words. Now, come, will you guess this acrostical X. Which I have invented your wits to perplex ? The centrals read downwards, I think no one fails In finding a much-lauded village of Wales. Cross Words. M y first, 0 friends of riddling fame, E xpresses a young lady's name; S he sends. you will agree with me, 8 ome pleasant verses to our B. It oaming alone, o'erta'en by night, S econd has not a third to light With cheerful ray his road so drear. A nd neither fourth nor inn is near. L ittle do we return, 'tis true, l ihid Ed., for all we this, to you. E Except we use my sixth, I've heard, kt'esearch would be a useless word. A long the train is bearing me; N ow barley fields, now this. I see : D1 ark these upon the left now frown- s cc I there are woods fast turning brown. T he sweet Ianthe this will show; E xcitlng is the tale, you know. W hat for my tenth ? Now, let me see- A town of Cambria it will be. R eoice I our' Festival " is nigh. T his joyful scene we shall descry I LoTTIE W., Brighton, ENIGMA. No. 5. I'm welcomed by the British boy. With Joy upn his face; In Erin's isle. tihat lovely spot, Mv presence you will trace. Where'er I roarn I get renown; I trayv 1 far and near. Of useful matter.I'm compiled (This last to you is clear). H. WOODGATES.
MONOPHONE. No. 6. Perhaps you've heard of midnight rangers, Who are always chaffing strangers, And their brothers who are called the languid swells ? They will go up all the alleys, Shy at aught for old Aunt Sallies. And then go around the streets a-pulling bells. They will startle all the bobbies, t lien with cookey in the lobbies They are courting from beneath their master's r.ye; They will push you in a gutter, l'ake you homo upon it shutter, For their temtpers are not this to make them ~hy. 'Twas in the ev'ning of last Friday That I dressed myself quite tidy, For a quiet stroll along the public street, When, lo I whom should I see c-,ming But these midnight rangers roaming, Whom I knew 'twas not advisable to meet. Now their mien was so majestic, And their manners so artistic, That they favoured 'most a prince with all his next ; When some men they would be cheering, And the ladies most endearing, Which altogether did poor me perplex. Now I thought that they would pass nme, But, by Jove, how they harassed me I And they teased me till it was an awful bore. On my back they sent me sprawling, Then they kicked me up for falling, And they told me not to lie down any more. Now I think that all such people Ought to jump down from a steeple (It would be a tidy thing to c )ol their brain), And then sent to the museum; There bad people ought to see 'eit - It would stop them all from doing it again. MESSRs. WAL.KER AND STEWAITr, Astley Green. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 2o. 7. Ftrni lotion Wor, s Now. riddlers all, my primals bril : to view, Then, if you please, reveal my finals. to i; Their ulseO, you will lihd, are much the same; The only diff'rence is in size and name. Cross Words. A crab's or lobster's this is nice to cat, But when you're bathing take care of your feet. In Cylirus' Isle my second you may see(; A city great, no doubt, 'twill some day be. Why do my parents shun the noonday light, And fly but in the darkness of the night ? T'hi-(o Say ngs raike a laugh whltnev, heard, for they are so aulusinlg and ahsurd. A famous Irish judge was he, I trow ; You all heard of his death not long ago A TI'iiS Li OM ,EtGRAM. No. 8. Dear riddler, take your allas out, And kindly find fur me A town in South America, Iu which my first you'll see. To tell my next just change the tail, nli then you'll have the naille (if what both you and I pS-s ss; Tis pa.rt of each one's framie. A kind of tree now comes in view, if you the change repelt ; And you will lind it also names - fruit you sometint s eat. Whlerl you have rightly guessed mly third, I'lease alter tail again ; A w rd( which means to draw t r paint 'ihtre will, I'm sure, rcmain. J iit do the same thine but once more, And you will surely find A certain kind of halting walk \VWil tht n be left behind. I've tilishied now my riddle, friends, Told everything I may, And as I've nothing more to add, I'll wish you all good d i, . FLOSSIE B., Manche:'ter. CHARADE. No. 9. Full many a heartless fellow goes And seeks the shelter of the woods, Who, in a surreptitious way. Upon the birds delights to prey, And first a cage of feathered go-,ds. Go watch the herald of the morn, As o'er us he profusely flings His lovely, heart-awakening lay, Whose memory lingers many a day; You'll see him second as he sings. My whole is generally found Upon the dinner table ; you Have often tasted it, I guess- And that reminds me, I confess, 'Twere better if I got some too. CHILD 01F TilE t US. LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. A multitude my whole will be: C(lit off my head, and then you'll see How my father likes his toddy- So outight any other body. Don't give it up, but try once more, 'The operation is not sore And then you'll see it is no whim, But a nice, solid, useful limb. Transpose what's left, and you will htiu An atnimal of the sheep kind You'll find the answer if you try ; ho now, my friends, I'll say good-bye. W. H. MARCOMB, Eavigation. DECAPITATION, No. 11. Fli, whole a fish your eyes will meet; I:ut take its head away, .a wr,rI that signifies defeat ' Iwill then to you display. W. Pirt i' ERt.
SQUARE WORDS. ,\o. 12. He took the old and ponderous first, Undid the massive clasps, and road Of many a tale and legend strange, And mighty heroes long since dead; Of giants fierce, and monsters grim, So huge, and terrible, and strong; Of seconds weird, and then of elves, That hid the woods and thirds among. With what excitement and delight We listened 1-not one word would imss, And sorrowed when he closed the booeb. Alas I our joy too quickly this. LOTTIE V., Brighton. No. 13. 4. Oh, can you speak this dialect ? 2. And dwell above like this ? 1. Oh, can you see that I elect ? 3. And what we o'er would miss ? S. YEi:,UB. It KBIJB. No. 14. -4 - T. GILMORE, Belfast. ACROSTICAL PI'YAMID. No. 15. 'T is once again the Budget day; L et all their solving powers display. H1 ere is concealed one-third of jet- F ndeavour then this part to get; iV ethinks you II want to stundy well E re you this female name can tell ; R' ightly this fragrant plant unscreen; Y on've here a riddler fair. I ween, 1, one may she 'dorn our Y. F. B.; 0 1pn ymr atlases and see T his is'and great well known t you; '1' ake heed, and acting last eschew I n companyhich-born or low. E rr not, and centrals down. I know, W ill soon a famous riddler show. F. O'GR DY.
1EBUS. No. 16. 1 META B. LOGOGRIPH. No. 17. I love an ancient, time-worn tower, I 1 ve an old oak tree, I Ilve a cottage porch or bower, I'm spelled by letters three. Cut off my tall, and I am four; And, sure as you're alive, Beheaded, I beco ie one more, And, though but one, I'm five. THE SPHINX. DELETION. No. 18. From what I expect you all detest, une letter please take out. And a useful article I'm sure You'll have, without a doubt. A ]ERT B. U. ENIGMA. No. 19. I am found in the palace, the cot, and the hall; I seldom am big. but most often am small ; If the fort. now resisting the bombshell and ball. Were built wilhoutme, it most surely would fall; in the l:qurry the workoan goes out me to hew; I'm sure Red Lion House has mein it too. S. E. D). \ Ens.
DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 20. For first one letter from harp please take; For next what we write with you'll see; For my third a liquor please put down; And my fifth a feather crest will be; For next a mineral will be seen; And for last one letter take from bean. Coetres, if they're read aright, Will bring a goose-like bird to sight. ALBERT E. U. ANAGRAM. No. 21. Ey reinaram so ledgann, How aurgd rou veniat ness, Showe glaf ash vebard a sauthdon reasy, Eth talbet dan hct zebccr. J.11. B. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o. OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Night-in-gale. 8 -Knowledge. 2.-You, ewe, yew, hew, 9.-Dare, dart, darn. Hugh, hue. 10.- W 3.- G TIN AWE PENNY BR E VE READING GWENNIE SUSAN DEN IS TON PIE R E 11.- Poise, pose. 4.-Lottie W. Thus: Luke- 12.-Trout, rout, , ut. warm, Opening, Tuition, 13.-Beachy Head. Tall, I Exist. Wondrous. 14.-South-po-t. 5.- London, onion. 15.-Exe. 6.-Pen, ink, and paper. 16.--Expostulate. Thus: Pantry, Endeavour, 17.-Tie. pie, lie, hie, lie, vie, Never, Idle, Nothing. 18.-Star-ted. Kairon, Anagram, \ew, 19.- P A S T Daring, Parrot, Ann, Poor, A C H E Every, Riddling. S lII N 7.- Yomng Folk's Weekly T E NT Britlpt. 20.-Paste, pate.