700 PRIZES
Will be given away to our Readers during the twelve months beginning with this Number. Of these EIGHT Piuizxs will be awarded every weekC for Solutions of the BIBLICAL, ]ITS- TORICAL, and GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES, Fona to Senior renders and Fous to Juniors. E IGHT Books and TWELVE Certificates of Merit will be awarded Every! Month for'the TWENTY best ORIGINAL ESSAYS upon a given subject. These may be competed for by readers whose ages do not exceed Sixteen years, and will be divided into two classes, Senior and Junior, as described below. (See Rule 2.) With the Monthly part of " Our Darlings" we shall occasion- ally present our readers with
A BEAUTIFUL COLOURED PICTURE, suitable for binding with the volume, of which the first, en- titled "Two Pretty Creatures," we give away with this Weekly Number and Monthly Part. TnREn SPECIAL PRIZEs, to be selected by the Editor, will be awarded each time for the three best original tales or essays upon the subject of the picture, to be competed for by readers under Twelve years of age. In addition to the foregoing, ANNUAL PRIZES of a very valuable kind will bhe awarded to those who successfully answer our PanIz ScrIPTrUE QUESTIONS. (See next column.) To avoid disappointment and trouble, it is absolutely neces- sary that great attention be paid to the following GENERAL RULES FOR THE GUIDANCE OF ALL CANDIDAT'ES. 1. In every case, whether the subjectbe Prize Scripture Ques- tions, Puzzles, Poetical Enigmas, Monthly Stories, or Prize Essays, the replies must be written clearly and legibly. The spelling should be correct, as both spelling and writing will count in awarding prizes. 2. The candidates in each section must not exceed the follow- ing ages:--" JUNIoRs" refers only to readers of twelve years and aulder. If the twelfth birthday is past, even by one day, they are ineligible for that rank! " SENIOas" refers only to readers over tclcve and toet excceding sixteen years. After sixteen no candidate is eligible. 3. A candidate is eligible to receive TrurE prizes in any one section within the twelve months; that is to say, a boy, if he is 11 . years old in January, may contend until he is twelve years of age in the JuxIor section ; and if successful on three several occasions will receive a prize for each. In July of the same yea'r, being 12 years of age, he is competent to contend in the SeIron section during the remainder of the year, and may receive three prizes also within the twelve months in that sec- tion. When a candidate has obtained the full number of prizes in any one section for which he is eligible, his name, if lihe is :successful, will on all future occasiotns during the year be printed as having obtained HONOURABLE MENTION. 4. The answers, essays, or stories must in every case be certi- fied by aminister or teacher to be the urtaiddefortof the candidate. No one is at liberty to copy from books, and any one breaking tiles rule will be disqlualified for competition for a whole year! 5. Replies to the weekly puzzles and enigmas should come to hand not later than the next ensuing Thursday morning's post: for example, answers to puzzles contained in " Our Darliegs" of Saturday, 31st October, should arrive by first post on Thursday morning, the 5th November. Answers from candidates abroad iill be received up to the last post on Saturday, the 7th, and so on. Monthly prize essays and monthly stories written to the lpicture, should arrive not later than the 10th of the next month: Ior example, subjects announced and the picture given with the November part, should be replied to by the 10th Decem- ber, and so on. All communications on these subjects must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is expected, a stamped and addressed envelope should be enclosed :-Tnt PUzzLE AND EssAr EnITOR, Office of "Outr Duarligs," 18 to 26, Stepncy Cause- wu, London, E. 6. In no case can stories, essays, or answers be returned to the writer; and as the puzzles, etc., are now given weekly, it will be impossible to publish the naimes of successful candidates more often than once a month, as this magazine goes to press loung in advance. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [Note.-The Puzzles in prose are taken frotm Sacred and Pro- fa:e History, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the Illstory of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, tihe English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Gcogr:iaphy of the World, will ftt- nish us with themes. The puzzles ijt iutill will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] Son SENIOnS. FoUR books, of the published vtalte of 3s. Gd. each, will be nwarded to tile four most successful anti satisfactory candi- dates, who will be at liberty to select, any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE No. I.-An emperor desiring to vie in fame with Xerxes, forms a bridge of ships over the bay be- tween Baize and Puteoli (a distance of three Roman miles and six hundred paces). He celebrates the ex- ploit in characteristic manner by a costly banquet on the middle of the bridge, where ho assembles grcat
numbers of people, and causes them to be drowned for his amusement. Name him, with the dates of his acces- sion and assassination. PnzzLE No. II. A word which to our mind conveys A vision of war and warlike ways, Guns and powder and vapour of smoke, By which the peace of a land is broke; But once in the Bible this word we find, And then it is quite of a better kind, For a boy could carry the terrible thing Which our bravest soldiers to battle bring. For, JuNIons. The Foun most snccessful and satisfactory candidates will receive eanch a book of the published price of 3s. 6d., and of their own selection. PUZZLE No. I.-A very singular ceremony takes place in Westminster Abbey. An English king having there assembled all his great nobility, solemnly causes two beautiful swans, adorned with golden bells, to be brought in. By these swans he swears a pompous oath to undertake and carry out an unjust conquest. Name him, his projected enterprise, and say whether he was able to keep his oath. PuzzLE No. II. A mountain where a prophet bent, A maid who to a strange land went, A giant once of great renown, Something which flows by every town, A great man named in Bible story, The whole the saints will wear in glory. The first letter of each forms the last word. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR NOVEMBER, 1885. IG Ht' Beantifol Books and Twna.v Certificates of Merit will be awarded this month to the writers of the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. T'hey will be divided as follows: Foun Books and St Certificates in each section, between the Senior and .luinior Candidates. In every case the names of the prize- winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For direcctions, see General Rules. SENIOR SUBJECT-" Our Solar System." JUNIOn Sun.aECT--" The Important Event commemo- rated on the Fifth of Nocember." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. T\VENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £30, Will be given away at the close of 18S6 for the best answers to the 156 Questions which will appear during the twelve months of 1895-6i. 1st, £5; 2nd, £4; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2; Glh, £1 15s.; 7th, £1 5s. : 8th, £1 O10s.; 0th, £1 lOs.; 10th. 1 5s. ; 11th, £1 5s.; 12th, .L1 ; 13th, £I ; 14th, 15s. ; 15th, 15s.: 10th, 15s; 17th, ]5s.; 1Sth, 15s.; ]t.h, 15s.; 20th, 10s.; 21st, 10s.: 22nd, 10s.; 23rd, 10s. ; 2 th, 10s.; 25th,, 10s.: 26th, a Bible with Maps and Ilhts- trntims ; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. air- Tlun rtaiv'rn rouel oe which answers to TI-'lESS SCRIP. TU RE QUESTIONS ntst be sent inl, togeher with thi cosditiotts of csompetitiou, saIut be had by enclosing fito postage stamps addreas;d to the Ediior of " Our Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepney Causeway, Lon- don, E. 1. There are three Herods mentioned in the Bible, each celebrated for a great crime. Name them. 2. Who might have told Herod's household about the mighty works of Jesus ? 3. Who else from the tetrarch's household was numbered with the disciples?