Our friends BINSTEAD AND CROYSDILL to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. I once oma bicycle went for a ride, And as I was down the road speeding A stubborn old lady before ie' I spied; My shouts and my warnings unheeding. I tried to turn tfst, bits iiwas of io ise Itireally wis' ot 'very icherirhg. I second the handle' hi'soneio w goh'looser And thereforie'piveted 'mysteering. I gave a great shotut which the ld'l;ady hlard, And seeing I'd soon;e'upn ..r; She tried to eeape inm by:mlln + a third. But it was too linter' es 'ri her. She had a bad fall, , I Ials,owj thrown,, And fell on the' grpoui , dsear her, And, bless jn Sl,!`hw tbu i tilay did groan I I jumped up and ran to ler aiq, very vexed; But soon was my countepance lrightened, For when I discoveead .. lmjbs Wpi',all.aext, I.tbought she was p'r:ps, oi0y frightced, I lifted her, but when her foot touched the ground, She said that it hurt her most sadly; And when I examined her anklde I found 'Twas twisted and sprained very badly. I'd left her my name and address, and one day, As I was my dinner enjoying, Her doctor's bill came~-'twas just ten fifths to pay. It really was veryannoyin'g ' However, I paid it 'at once, for I thoight 'Twould save further' bother and trouble, And, p'r'aps, if the matter hadigone into court, I nixght have beon' let in for double. BiNSTEAD AND CROYSDILL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation WVords. Oft a book has made me primals, Causing me to seek my bed, And with finals sleep in quiet, Dreaming over what I've read. Cross Words. By the seashore sport the children; Wondrous joy for themn is first. You may 'see oft in the.jungle From my next the tigress burst. This is one ot natuire's marvels- Naught, so woiderful as third. This was onoe -o Bighty chieftain, Of his deeds you may have heard. Full of force, and full of beauty, This may set your mind afire. These fly on: may they be pleasant To us all is my desire. FRANK MARIIOTT. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 3,; "Oh, have you seen say Nellie P" The second motlher cried. " She's wandered from our cottage home Hard by the blue seaside." "Oh, yes, we've first your daughter," The kind inspector said. " We saw her lonely wandering, So her we hither led." " Oh, thank you, kindly gentleman- My heartfelt thanks to you I" "Nay, nay, 'twas but my duty, And I'll e'er my duty do." P. LASCELLES. CHARADE. No. 4. By my first sat spinning a maiden fair, And she was happy and free from pain, Without a sorrow, Without a care, And sang a song with the glad refrain- Sweet is the merry summer time. My whole seemed laughing in sportive glee, As it sparkled and gushed and foamed along; And a bird above, in the waving tree, Was blithely warbling its gladsbome song- 'Sweet is the meriry stimmer time. Full many a second rippled by, And gleame.l and glanced in the glad sunlight. Oh, deeply blue was the sumumet sky Fair Nature shone in her robes most bright. Sweet is the merry summer time. Now the merry bird has flown away, The tree is withered, gaunt and bare ; My whirring first is still to-day, For cold and dead lies the maiden fair. Sad is the dreary winter time 1 LoTrIE W., Brighton. TRANSPOSITION. No. 5. When whole, my fluent intellect l)oth make your weak minds rally; Tr Isposed, a title of respect, Yet never hit "Aunmt slly," 8. YEssUs, DECAPITATION. No.' U. A kind of bird if you ,oehell, To waken you will find instead; Then 'again 'de'i&pitate, Adid an English river I will state. Pov HOOK, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 7. For first one letter take fiom bray; Next is to wande .or to scy; Third is to quickly trp around; For fifth an English town is foand; e'Fx-t is a portidui'ora share; ' And tjle for laslioio-fslth of glare. ContOs,if roadiaeight; I.knovw' An Juglish towrwimLu.~to'yu a.show. ALBET E, U.,
METAGRAMS. No. 8. Up, up in the meadows-up, up, and away, For Phmbus proclaims the commencement of day. Already the hare is awake to the sounds Which come from the jolly old hunter and hounds. Was ever a first more delightful than this P How well it contributes to genuine bliss I The moorland, the mountain, the valley, and-dell In daytime appear of Elysium to tell. By fields of my second, o'er many a ditch (Or dyke, if you like-but it matters not which), Away dash the riders, excited and gay, And many a tunic is third on the way. Now, look I one is down. Alh, he's now right again, But, doubtless remounted with many a pain, Yet, fourth to-the dangers that sportsmen must bear, He's ever a stranger to sorrow and care. My clothing is fifth, so adapted you see To all the temptations presented to me When bent on enjoyment in field or in wood, Or anywhere else which is healthy and good. To hunter and last I shall soon bid adieu. I now have my labour, alas I to reviewv Mdy dreams to oblivion's pit will be huried, Whilst I do my share in the work of the world. S. FRANXuLI, Manchester. No. 9. To find the answers to my rhyme, You've just to change the head each time. Each evening, now that winter's come, We all sit round the fire, And list while father reads us tales Of which we never tire. Our party is quite large this first; There's Nell on father's knee, And cousins Edith, May, and Rose, Besides Tom, Fred, and me. In fact, we number just my next, And drink in every word That father reads in voice so deep, By the blazing fire's bright third. He tells us of an awful fourth, In history renowned, Where Nelson bravely fought and died, With lasting glory crowned. And when at last he says 'tis late, And timQfor supper too, We cry, " You fifth read more;" and Nell Says coaxingly, " Oh, do I" "Pray, tell us something true," says Rose. " About yourself, you know." "Yes, yes!" we cry; and father says, To please us, he'll do so. And Nell, her soft arms round his neck (The wicked little tease), Says, "That is sixth; and now begin To tell it us--do, please !" So father tells us, when quite young, To sea he ran away, And travelled in a vessel large For many a night and day. Now, all went well till in a next, Which was on Guinea's coast, A gale came on, and it was feared The good ship would be lost. So father thought, when homeward bound, He'd go to sea no more, But seek employment nearer home, And settle down on shore. "But in my travels," father adds, " I saw no place more fair Than is the isle of eighth. I think Next spring I'll take you there. And now I've really told you all, And must no longer stay; So let's disperse. I'll tell you more, Perhaps, another day." FLossrI B., Mlanchester. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 10. I once knew a nigger, And he cut a pretty figure, For his lips were, oh, so thin I He had tusks like a bear, And shaggy curly hair, And whole was the colour of his skin. Now take the centre out, And mind what you're about, Or you will do it wrong; If you've made the centri fade, I'll tell you what he said To me as we walked along. " I come from furrin lands Alonger odder mans, And I've felt the whip of master On my black skin, oh I But.I don't tink'you did know Dat dis nig was once for list, sir." J. WoaswicK. OMEGRAM. No. 11. I .m one of spring's first blossoms, Very pretty, very fair; You will find me in the wild wood, Breathing fragrance on the air. Please to clhange my last two letters, And I'm sure then you will view Something that is full of music When 'tis rightly played by you. BaowN.ETES. MONOPHONE. No. 12. While riding home, one winter night, My first came pouring down I did not know what I should do So far away from town. At last I saw a wayside inn, Second I quickly drew, And soon was rested and refreshed, And my poor Arab too. QUEENITE,.
OMEGRAM. No. 13. My whole, I know, will bring to sight What you rest upon at night; Change tail, and then to view 'twill bring A very busy little thing; Change again, you'll see complete A word that meaneth to entreat; Repeat the process as before, A Christian name you'll see, I'm sure If again 'tis changed by you, You'll see what you should never do; Once more.a different ending take, A Turkish title then 'twill make. A. H. SCALES. REVERSION. No. 14. My first is preterite of lay; 'Reversed (excuse the rhyme), A figured plate it will display On which we measure time. J. G. LAMBERT. REBUS, No. 15. Ii
CHARADE. No. 16. Second first is third, then surely he Will never see his younger days, Though, shoulid my first combine the three, He may on thousands daily gaze. My first is always somewhat last, Though second shows that this you doubt. Through doubts my whole may wishes blast, It leaves you many to find out. S. YEssUB. LOGOGRIPH. No. 17. My whole is a gem of the ocean Curtailed, a kind of a fruit; Curtailed again, you will find me A bean, and a letter to boot. And now, if you'll kindly behead me, 'Twill a certain nobleman leave; And that again, if 'tis curtailed, Shows something which all of us have. Vox Voeo. REBUS. No. 18. a ANON. DECAPITATION. No. 19. My whole you've before you Behead, now beware, For what stops behind is A terrible snare. METAGRAM. GEORGE G. No. 20. I am a fish, but change my head, And part of yourself you'll have instead; Change head again, and you will see A kind of spice I'll surely be : Change head again, and you'll behold A kind of cord made from silver and gold; Change my primal once more, and, I trow, A running match 'twill certainly show. POT Hoox. SQUARE WORDS, No. 21. A girl's name my first will be; In next what's thin or lean you'll see; For third, who tends the sick put down, In village, city, or in town; What means to follow in fourth you'llfind, If to seek it you will be so kind; ,' My last's a word which means to guide When oub upon the ocean wide.. Gonnox J., Newry.
DTIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 22. I'm fond afection's dear companion still, Which fact will bear but little contradiction, And yet my magic presence always will Be found increasing each one's deep affliction. I, next, mean more than what you really see- In fact, I am a short abbreviation; And as for me, the third, I used to be Before-yes, long before the earth's creation. And my (the fourth's) productions doubtless you Oft and always peruse with admiration, And I've no doubt you hope my cons. to view, Amusing you for many years' duration. And me also (the fifth) you ofttimes read Within "O. Y. F. B." with great attention: And as for me (the sixth)-hero indeed- My name I'm sure you all can quickly mention, Now I (the last) am quite a roving blade, For am I not the heart of emigration P Without me there would be no roving trade, Nor would there be a story worth narration, The centrals will a Budget riddler show, Renowned amongst this riddling generation, Whose kind effusions you've perused, I trow, With something oft approaching veneration. J. Mrsns, Dalton.in.Furness. CURTAILMENT. No. 23. My whole will be a day of each week, But take the last half away, A luminary for the answer you'll seek That gives us light every day. S. ROBINSONa. LOGOGRIPH. No. 24. This con. will not occupy very much whole' Behead, and if too much of this you may fall; Transpose, then a part of apparel recall; Behead, then an animal not very small Will appear rto your view, which rightly transpose, A plant or its fruit will as quickly disclose. J. MYEns, Dalton-in.Furness. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Rime, rhyme. 6.-Dab, bad. 2.-Monophone, Polyphone. 7.-Gaiety, gate. Thus : Ma?, OportO, NaiL, 8.-Surf.ace. OrnithologY, PiP, HasH, 9.-Disease, seaside. OthO, NooN, ExcellencE. 10.-Gold, old. 3.-Thames. 1.-Pantomimist. 4.-Admetus, Win fre d, 12.-Linen, lien. Otho, Ebor, Kairon, 13.-Bow, bough. Editor. 14.-Maidens-hair. 5.-Growth. 115.-Grass, ass. N- -- RIIIH IIgmHNNN