Our friend WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONE. No. 1. FIRST. Our worthy squire, whom you may know, Proposed a vegetable show, And, prompt and ready at his call, Our farmers entered, one and all. Town Hall they cleared with expedition For the bucolic exhibition. I went, of course, like all our town (The opening price wa3 half a crown- With wonderment I put it down). But what I with more wonder eyed- The " seedy " men were all outside. I entered, but to tell that sight My goose-quill trembles as I write. Potatoes round enough for cricket, And cabbage " stumps " to make the wicket, And, oh, the carrots there displayed I (But Ethel Stewart, noble maid, And Laura, daughter of the mayor, I'll tell no tales about your hair.) I can't remember all I saw, For I was thinking most, " Oh, law ! Will nothing stop Squire Dawson's jaw ?" When suddenly beneath our eyes Was placed the root which took the prize. 1 thought two thousand orbs would burst To see--'twas Farmer Giles's first. INTERLUDE. Though these words are alike in sound, They differ, as it will be found, In sense and spelling, so may you My riddle guess-you have the clue. SECOND. Four yokels strong, four yolcls fall. With primal staggered through the hall ; Four hundredweight it must have weigh'd, And every farmer stood dismayed, While fronm our parted lips did go A big, round, universal " Oh !" But Farmer Styles, an enemy . Of Farmer Giles, as all might see, Stood up. " I'll not be last !" he cried. The crowd gave way on every side, When on he came, with lifted knife, As if to take his rival's life. But such was not his fell intent, For, gasping, at the root he went; He struck as hard as man's arm could, And lo ! the root was painted wood ! WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE. ENIGMA. No. 2. At some time or other You clasp me with love; When cast among strangers, Or threatened by dangers, My dearness you prove. The exile's voice trembles When I am with him, And the big teardrops gather, And well up still farther, And make his eyes dim. When the ship is storm-ridden, The sailor boy sighs As thoughts of his mother, His sister, his brother, In his loving heart rise. And the dear loving mother, Still spinning at home, Oft kisses the near ones, And thinks of the dear ones In danger who roam. You all clasp me firmly, And thoughts of past days Will come to you often, A hard heart to soften, Or fierce thoughts to raise. The wronged one's brow darkens, His fist is clenched fast, His white teeth he gnashes, His eagle-eye flashes, At thoughts of the past. Sometimes I'm a token Of friendship and truth, Of some sweet words spoken, Of ties which were broken, 'Twixt maiden and youth. And still I am with you When thinking alone Of dear ones so cherished, Of dear ones now perished, Now faded and gone ! H. C. PalsC. METAGRAM. No. 3. The action which the simple word That's hidden just hero expresses, Can be performed by one who skill In aqueous arts possesses. A certain number now is named, Whose sort can be seen in plenty; If multiplied by three it be, It will not amount to twenty. A verb is this; pray, from beneath Its mystical mantle woo it; When found it is, take my advice And always discreetly do it. A kind of dwelling now appears ; The country.folk oft possess it; Its shape is-well, I think I'll leave Ingenious friends to guess it. Each thing that breathes upon the earth, Each woman, and man, and baby, Must do what by this word is shown, Or I am a downright gaby. The verb that here is placed doth mean To tear orto rend asunder, In screening which from readers 'cute I hope I have made no blunder. E. BAxrTa.
DECAPITATION. No. 4. I think the man is very wise Who will my first always despise; It causes grief, destroys the health, And takes from rich men all their wealth. The scene is changed-from grief to bliss: We now behold young Dick and Miss - But '11 not tell the fair one's name, For all Young Folk would cry out "' Shame i" Suffice to say, like lightning flash, Around my second they both dash, Nor stop until quite ont of breath- In fact, until they're tired to death. Another change now will be seen; A liquid yellow, black, or green Will give you last. So, now, good day; Another word I dare not say. P. N. GAFNT, Dublin. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 5. J. CHARLES.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. C. Foundation Words, Now, riddler, read the primals down, And finals serve likewise, And a maiden's name that reads the same Both ways will greet your eyes. Cross Words. A kind of flower first put down; Fornextplease find a Scottish town; Part of the day my next will name, Spelt either way it is the same; My next, if found aright by you, A part of speech will bring to view; A country for my next is seen, In Europe it is found, I ween; Now, when my last is found with care, A man's name then it will declare. F. R. CouLsox. REBUS. No. 7. 1il JUVENILE. CHARADE. No. 8. I do feel so lazy I Oh, what shall I do ? I might learn my home-lessons. Yes, that is true, But learning, you know, is so dreadfully dry. Tom's writing a roem, so why shouldn't I P However he does it, I'm sure I can't tell, For I don't seem to get on with mine very well. Oh, bother the poem I I'll make up a first, For of all kinds of literature poems are worst. But this first won't do, for it won't come in rhyme. Itbink I will leave it till some other time. -My grammar I'll learn. 'Tis a horrible nexzt I'm sure it's no wonder if 't does make me vex'd. Hark ! nine o'clock strikes, and to bed I must go. Not a sentence or word of this task do I know. I know that to-morrow I shall feel afraid Of going to school; and then Tom will upbraid, And say, "Ah, I know why.to school you won't go ! Your whole's telling you, you your lessons don't know." CONCORDIA. REVERSION. No. 9. The frost is keen, the sky is clear, Like lamps my. seconds shine ; While in the house the first I hear, Enjoying what is mine. J,.,G, LA er3EST.. . .....PI
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Elsa and Tom are gone to.day Into the town of Manton gay, Where everything to please the eye Is there displayed most temptingly. They left the country far behind, The fields and leas, and soon they find Themselves among the shops so grand- The best, they think, in all the land. The grocers', bakers' shops they pass, Nor do they care to take a glass Of anybody's choicest ales, And naught to please them yet avails, Until eventually they stop Before a large imposing shop, So grand its grandeur quite lappals- For sale what jackets, capes, and shawls! Here 'tis indeed a treat to be, There are so many things to see; And here was bought, I will reveal, A lovely jacket made of seal. MiESSAGE. Four times transposed a word has been, And in my first that word is seen. The answer find, dear riddling friends; So fare ye well-my puzzle ends. LorrmE W., Brighton. LOGOGRIPH. No. 11. In first the staff of life behold, 'Tis used by all, both young and old. Now, riddlers, please this word transpose, My next on ev'ry man's face grows; Behead, transpose, now don't forget, Next's an endearing epithet; Decapitate, and you'll agree My next part of your head will be; Now change the head, and for your toil You'll have a word which means to spoil; Replace the head, transpose, and you An animal will surely view. Now, riddling bards, a fond adieu. D. F. O'Cosnon, Kinsale, DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 12. Dear riddling friends, in cask or keg My first you'll surely find; A pointed wire, a bolt or peg, My next will bring to mind. In third you will a blockhead see- Now please to put that down; A dwelling-house my next will be; My fifth's an Irish town. Now, riddlers dear, put down for neat The opposite to young; By last you will not be perplexed, You'll find it in your tongue. The centrals now please downwards trace, And in them you will view An Irish town. Now, with much grace, I bid you all adieu. T. O'Coseoe, Kinsale. No. 13. My first is seen in Irish stew; For next an animal you'll view; My third's part of your frame; For fourth you'll see a number; My fifth is found in lumber, 'Tis also seen in same. My centrals name Part of your frame. Now try with all your might; I have no doubt You'll find it out. Dear friends, I say good night. F. T. RIDLET, Newcrstli ACROSTIC. No. 14. Cross Words. The palm, with the fingers; Privation of heat; A writer of poems; A flower smelling sweet. To enclose within w.ls; A blow with the tist; To insert in a roll, And also to enlist. Foe.scdaliol Word. Th' initials bring a riddler's name to view. Whose cones. are often wise, and wit , too. SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. Dear Young Folks, for first please write A kind of carriage rather light; My next's a word of letters three, And meant for anger, you'll agree; My last you'll find means to obtain. So adieu until I write again. T. C., gilkenn.