Our friend Tnown-ETES to.day takes the leaid tn the - RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. No. 1. Come, follow me, riddlers, please, follow me To the Emerald Isle, that gem of the sea; Through Connaught's picturesque wilds let us stray, Then southwards to Munster wend our way, To gaze on her beauties of mountain and lake, As quickly our path to this town we take, Renowned for its old and hoary rock, Which for long years has stood the tempest's shook. But please in your purses plenty to bring Of this very needful and useful thing, Or else I think you will miss many a sight Which, seeing, would fill your minds with delight. BnowN.EYES, REVERSION. No. 2. Where there's a substance there am I, In air, and sea, and land, And, bless your hearts I in pies and tarts, And every grain of sand. But, candidly, I must confess I may be made so small That, though you try with eager eyes, I'm never seen at all. Suppose you take a microscope, I often baffle this, And when you stare, and say "Not there," Yet there I am, I wis. Now please reverse me, then you'll find That many boys know me; And mice and rats, just as from cats, Free from me wish to be. I'm deadly enemy of birds, And animals as well. When boy acute goes stealing fruit In some enchanting dell, I catch and keep him for the man To whom the place belongs, Who, when he comes to pick his plums, Treats youth to leather thongs. CoRNIsnIrAN, METAGRAM. No. 3. When walking on a sultry day Along a dusty first, I hastened to a well that lay Quite near, to quench my thirst. And there, within an old, dry ditch, Beside a ruined wall, I spied a little creature, which A second we all call. Lest it by foes should be destroyed, I covered it with grass, And while at this I was employed I saw a large third pass. 'Twas borne by a willing horse, Which drew it after him In steady and unceasing course, With ever-toiling limb. This fourth's a plant I have not seen, But if you will refer To British history, I ween, You'llfind it mentioned there. The ancient Britons knew its use For dyeing a deep blue, And to their bodies by its juice They gave an azure hue. DINUo. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 4. Please place for the primal a letter- You'll find it between 0 and T; A drug for my second unfetter; A club in my third you will see. Beneath your feet these you'll discover, Providing they rightly are used; Of pastry if you are a lover, A fifth could be scarcely refused. When darkness prevails, I am certain A sixth you would not like to meet; For last take a letter from curtain. Friend riddler, the di'mond's complete. And now one thing more I've to mention Before of you all I take leave: In centrals-pray give close attention- An animal's name you'll perceive. E. BAXTER. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 5. My whole's a man of great renown, Whose name's a household word As well in country as in town; Of him you've seen and heard. Full fourteen letters form his namne; But strange you'll think it then, For in reality the same Is but composed of ten. Now 1, 2, 3j no doubt, you've seen, And tasted of it, too; Then 5, (, 4, 7, 8, I ween, Is glittering to view. 11,10, 9's the colour fine Of mauy a pretty rose; Then 12, 13,'long with 14, A near relation shows. J. MYrEas, Dalton.ia.Furness. CHARADE. :No. 6. Sometimes we like a littloltrst When we're feelingmerry; But at a whole 'tis out of place, Dreadfully shocking-very I For in this second of the world ' Strange habits oft prevail 1 Though first is glad, yet whole is sad, Aud third always in gaol, i aIDDwrn lIIf
LOGOGRIPIH. No. 7, He who in first indulges has surely ne'er been told That words are only silver-that silence is like gold. A letter, 'tis a contral one, delete, and for your pains A certain portion of a house you'll find there then remains. Alas I for ships that out at sea should meet with what is left, When of my last the centre is once again bereft. And now if of the latter the primal you erase, A beverage then there will remain-its name you'll quickly trace. Transpose this liquor, and a meadow or a sunny lawn Whereon the pink.tipped daisies grow unto your mind there'll dawn. FLOSSIE B., Mdanchester. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. F, W. PETCIIELL.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 9. Foundation Words. I delight in his stories, I laugh at his fun; His morals a lesson they teach to each one: Poor David, he plods up the mountain of life, And kind-hearted Nicholas, turmoil and strife; There's Martin, who never from danger will flinch: There's meek Mr. Pecksniff and humble Tom Pinch. Cross Words. Sweet first, thy bright and happiest days are now, With innocence encircled round thy brow. This is a part of every leg, I say; Dear readers, the last letter take away. In third you do a deed, without a doubt; Same as before, leave the last letter out This sport was famous once, and every s, Would try to fourth, and sometimes do it well. O'er fifth the boat now slowly glides along; The air resounds with each sweet songster's song. No fairer spot on earth was this bright lanu, Tended with care by God's supreme command. We go across the ocean day by day, And carry many loving friends away. sHERBERT H. ADAMS. REBUS. No. 10. ---r T. GILMORE. POLYPHONE. No. 11. FIRST. In this Budget there's provided Things that please and do amuse, And our grateful friend the Editor None of us would like to lose. There at his desk he sits for hours, With great attention and skill, Reading verses, essays., poetry, Or things that will please us still. When our paper is before us, We do first it with great care, And the end we've nearly reached it, And the things that are found there. INTERLUDE. In the answer you'll find two words Which are not pronounced the same, But the same letters are in them, And their order is the same. SECOND. When you have second these few lines, The answer then you must seek; But if you fail in doing so, You must please look here next week. A vdte of thanks I now must give To T. L. HErOERT, who Has striven hard to puzzle all, This Tiddler bold and true, ,8 ROBINSON. on ,
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 12. A summer's eve, a leafy glade, A pleasant, shady spot, A homely nook, a pleasant book, As Byron, Burns, or Scott. Or works such as the noble first, Or Milton, grand, sublime, Whose works will live and-lustre give Until the end of time. What then could last delightful be F Indeed, my friends, 'tis true I love to read-I do, indeed. Say, truly, do not you P J. MxYas, Dalton.in.Furness. TRANSPOSITION. No. 13. A mixture of the elements If you will j ast transpose, A strong and useful article You'll find it will disclose. DOLLY, Deptford. CHARADE. No. 14. My first you'll find, when brought to mind, A metal cup will name; And next will be of letters three, And reads both ways the same; My third you've done-yea, ev'ry one Who ever laughs or speaks. In total scan a boy or man Who for an office seeks. S. FRANKLIN, Manchester. DECAPITATION. No. 15. On screws and chains--dear me I-the first Made second move; the engine burst, The sparks and steam came down like third. That trunk's my fourth (a Scottish word). To a house we got, and fifth we went, To wait for the fresh conveyance sent. CEcILIA JANE I. ENIGMA. No. 16. All over the world I am found, Either on or beneath the ground. Without me you could never live, I'm sure; I am of comfort to both rich and poor; The weary traveller is very fond of me, As, when you have guessed aright, you'll see. Over me people do often go, Sometimes high, sometimes low. Perhaps it is no surprise To have me now before your eyes. I am of great use to the cook; I always help to make a brook. My whole- Hold I no more I'll express, Else I shall make my enigma too easy to guess. WILLIAM C. FREEMAN. PUZZLE STANZA. No. 17. Tenleg prgnis ash meoc ta salt, Nerst lod 'strinew.ogen dna taps ; . Tiglh dan adgl messe tinegehvry- bMowlece, ceelmow, phyap rpsgin. DOLLY, Deptford. ANSWERL TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAST WEEK. 1.- SOS ' 8.- W OGRE FIN FROM DELVE TEMA O]W I L LL II A M TEMA ER ITH 2.-Snow-ball. B A T 3.-Cur.rents. 9.-Time. 9.-Time. 4.- A P I G E O N 10.-Bare, bear. F L O U R 11,-Pandora's box. I V Y 12.-Pittsburg, Baltimore. I Thus: PlumB, IdeA, O N E TeaL, TrenT, Shere All, M E D A L BirminghaM, UndergO, E M B A S S Y RapieR, GreecE. 5.-Myers. Thus : Jaes,13.-Incompatibility. 5.--MIyers. Thus: JlIes, 14.-Tears, tears. rhYme, shEep, coRal, 15.-Dread, tread, bread. haSte, r; 16.-Perch, peach. .Healt. 17.-Pop. 6.-Health. 18.-Pane, pain. 7.-Car.pet. 19.-Work.man.ship. mmmmm , m~uu u ~, m ,nu ,m , nln~ l n , . u tutnxmrl