Our friend C. D. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words.
A sweet and modest little flower That blooms unseen in shady bower My primals will proclaim; The season when my first is seen, When nature's decked in glorious green, My finals give its name. Oross Weords. A martial name of great renown, Whom Marlb'rough overthrew; My next, in Lancashire a town, Is plainly brought to view; A joy and comfort I impart Wherever I may reign; My fourth's a town where Bonaparte A victory did gain ; SA famous school in Bucks am I, Where this is extra good; Its name, no doubt, you'll soon supply, If me you've understood, C. D,, York. METAGRAM. No. 2. The atmosphere was first With second, gloomy clouds, That hung, ready to burst, Above, like funeral shrouds; The third, sea-skimming bird, Had sought its rude-built nest, And forth no creature stirred, When on the ocean's breast Fourth of a ship appears, The light waves skimming o'er, And rapidly it nears The ever-welcome shore. The clouds now downward send Of rain a copious share, And lightning flashes rend The greatly-disturbed air. The ship is.tossed about Upon the foaming waves; For help the seamen shout, But the wild wind only raves. Now, with a thund'ring crash The doomed ship strikes the land, And one bright lightning flash Shows, 'mong the rocks and sand, The scattered bits that lie Upon the wreck-strewn shore, While many a sailor's cry Sounds 'mid the billows' roar. Some brave men launch a boat, And fifth they bravely do Towards where survivors float Of that ill-fated crew. They save some from the sea And for the laud fifth then, Where shouts of joy and glee Greet all the rescued men. C. A. CLARKE. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 3. I once made a tour through 2, 1, 7, 8, and I stayed at an inn to repose for the night; My chamber I sought-I was fagged-it was late, and I slept till aroused by the sun's early light. To 1, 5, 3, 2 I proceeded; to ramble Abroad then I went, Nature's beauties to see; Among tall 4, 5, 8, 2, 3 I did scramble, And 3, 4, 6, 5; 8, 9, happy and free. The birds on 3, 4, 6, 5, 9, 3 around me Did 3, 5, 8, 9 as the greensward I crossed; I turned to go back, but the scene did confound me; I halted-I knew not the way-I was lost. To stay there, I thought, would be vain, so I started To find my way back to the inn, if I could. I found it, but not ere the sun had departed From sight. Ne'er again did I enter a wood. The total, as o'er it your keen glances sweep, '11 Be found to contain letters nine, I avow ; I'll mention, to be more explicit, that people Are doing it always-you're doing it now. E. BAXTER. CENTRAL DELETION. No..4. First Peel was e'er a clever boy, At school as well as play; 'Twas ever his delight and joy To strive to win the day. E'er truthful, he to tell a lie Would scorn, but e'er would speak The truth; all bullies he'd defy, And e'er defend the weak. "Like boy, like man," an adage true; For first in time arose To nian's estate, yet kept in view His youthful honest laws. And step by step, round' after round Of fame's tall ladder~e Ascended, till the fruits he found Of truth and energy. Yea, proudly he the summit gained, And was created last. Dear friends, what cannot be obtained By energy steadfast ? J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furuess, CHARADE. No. 5. Now, riddlers all, On you I call To try and find me out. In England grand I surely stand- Of that there is nb doubt. My first is seen Upon the green; My second is running by. My whole's a town Of great renown; You will find it if you try. 3J. WIrTELET, Halifax.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 6. Foeundation WYord. A river of no little fame Firsts, downward read, declare; And if you just treat finals same, You'll find I still am there. Cross Words. A well.known fish will give the first; Next gives a female name, No matter though I am reversed, I truly will be same. A flower for third pray now select, A pretty one 'tis, too; They curious things for me collect, To hold to public view. A country will in this be seen, Few countries can excel it; Now he who lasts what I here mean, Don't hesitate to tell it. J. ALconN, Galston. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 7. J. C. SToxoi.
CENTRAL DELETIONS, No. 8. 1. A bound within my whole is seen; Delete, 'tis what we all have been. 2. Within a ship I hold a place; Delete, a cruel man then trace. 3. An ancient Greek of wisdom rare ; Delete, then quickly I declare. 4. An English stream is here displayed; Delete, I'm often used in trade. 5. This stream through Germany doth flow; Delete, I then an auction show. C. H. .MAcsn. REBUS. No. 9. II 1 J. G. LUrSDEN. POLYPHONE. No. 10. FIRST. Ravaging devastation through the land; Tall chimneys down, large clouds of dust and sand, Ricks overwhelmed, old buildings torn and burst. The cause ? Nay, look no further; 'tis my first. "Breakers ahead !" At sea that fearful cry- A flying bark, no human succour nigh; Then, in an instant, cries of fear and pain. The cause my first-my fearful first againi. A summer's day : the sun, like molten lead, Its scorching heat throws on my throbbing head ; In vain I try to cool it. Oh, 'twill burst ! Oh, for a cooling zephyr of my first ! INTERLUDE. In spelling, first like second will be found; The diff'rence is detected in the sound. SECOND. How pleasant to ramble, I'm sure, Through the woods and the valleys so fair, To watch the lark second on high, As he warbles his notes in the air I I've rambled the wild mountain side, And perhaps you the same may have done, Where the paths second steeply on high, Where the wild mountain sheep often run. And I love such a ramble, I'm sure, When the sun tips the hills in the morn, And to hear in the valley below The loud second of the huntsman's horn. J. MYERa, Dalton.in-Furness.
METAGRAM. No. 11. While standing on a ner one day, Two friends I soon descried, Conversing low in sorrowful tones And to suppress the tears the ts, One said, ' Oh, Tom, and must e tried And ne'er see each other morel Well, still I'll ever think of thee When on the distant shore." He stepped on board a fine.built ship, As quickly as a second, For, I thought, he'd be overcome As to his friend he beckoned. He watched until the massive ship Had vanished in the gloom, Then sadly he retraced his steps Unto his humble room. My old friend John was quite a swell For 'twas plain he owned a third, As well as a horse, though tall and slim, For which nobody cared. I met him and asked, " How are you nown "I'm quite well, thank you," le said. "But, John, where are you going now When old people should be in bed I"'; " I'm going to our oldest baker To buy a fourth for my son." "Your son, indeed!" I quickly cried. " You're speaking to me in a pun." For I did know, without a doubt, Of children he had not even one. But quick as thought I again said to him "Why, you mean your mischievous grandso, W. KEARNEY, Bot00l DECAPITATION. No. 12. Dear reader, your name Perhaps is the same As the subject of my con., And if not, I may say That you hear 't ev'ry day, For it is a common one. Its head now erase, And then in its place Another, dear friend, you will view., My riddle is done, So unto each one Of you I will now bid adieu. J. G. LAmrBsnT, CHARADE. No. 13. My first is bright and beautiful; My second is a place Where every love.sicl maiden May hide her blushing face. My whole comes cold and hungry, Half asking us for rest, And'warmly we should welcome This little beggar guest. W. KsEAEaY, Beetle, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 14. This diamond puzzle to begin, For first put down one-.third of bin; Then next a vegetable show; And third a female's name, I trow; For fourth an Irish town put down; A kind of fruit for fifth is shown; An animal in next you'll see; And last, I think, is found in tea. Read centrals right, anl tihen to you An Irish town will come to view. J. WgrrcLsoT, l[alifhx, SQUARE WORDS. No. 15. My first you'll find, dear riddlers kind, Part of yourself to be; For second, I ween, there will be seen A well.known Eastern tree. My third will name part of your frame; An action last you'll view. Now, riddlers all, both graat and small, I bid you all adieu. J. W, KNIGHT, liorne 1Iill, ENIGMA. No. 16. I go before, I go behind; I'm trodden on by all mankind; I'min fat and thin, I'm round and square, As large as a tower, and small as a pear. I follow all kings wherever they go; I follow all monarchs, high people and low; In winter and summer I'm still the same. So please guess aright, and tell my name. C. D., York. CURTAILMENT. No. 17. My whole is seen on bush andi tree When the spring-time sweet draws near; Curtail me now, and instantly A green meadow will appear. W. PFEIFI.5