Our friend Nom DE PLUME to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. A mighty monarch, in the days of old, To far Golconda his High Admiral sent, To bring him back a diadem of gold Of passing worth. The vessel safely went, But, homeward bound, upon my israt was tossed ; The ship and crew and crown alike were lost. A gallant sailor in the neighbouring port Put forth a little shallop one bright day, Among the finny tribes to take his sport And while upon the sea his time away; If he caught little for his pains, he reckoned On having some enjoyment in my second. Long time he failed to catch the finny spoil- In fact, he did not even see afin; So, weary of unprofitable toil, " I'm off !" be cried, commencing to haul in. When 1o ! by some strange chance it had occurred That the lost crown was tangled in my third. The monarch thus regained his long-lost crown, And bade the fisher on his knees fall down, And when our hero, with elated soul, Rose to his feet again he was my wthole. NoM DE PLUME. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 2. A favourite poet centrals name ; He earned hard a glorious fame. A simple thing, I must confess, Yet you may find it hard to guess; Without it money would be nil- Without it there would be no mill. My next is feared by every child, It often tends to make it mild; Beguiling odes and thrilling lays This poet wrote in bygone days; Fourth you were often, I daresay. Upon a sultry summer's day; Deep in the ocean last doth dwell- 'Tis also found with every swell. Now, readers dear, it is high time That I should end my feeble rhyme; And so I'll bid ye all farewell, Hoping the answer ye can tell. P. N. GArrEY, Dublin. LOGOGRIPH. No. 3. My whole is an emotion of which the brave don't know; Change head, then I've a notion An animal 'twill show. Now, riddlers, change the head again, And you will quickly see A very luscious fruit-'tie plain, Dear friends, as A B C. Once more please change the head aright, And add a tail on to it, And there will come unto your sight (That's if you rightly do it) Part of a man-'tis often grey, And sometimes it is white; Behead, transpose, and you will say What's costly comes to light. Transpose this word, and it will show What's often done by you; You're doing it just now, I know, And lke to do so, too. F. T. RIDLEx. Newcastle. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 4. I placed my hand upon her golden head, And whispered soothing words within her ear. " First not, but happy be," I softly said. " Remember that kind friends are ever near." She smiled, although her eyes were filled with tears, And clasped convulsively my proffered hand. " You may," she,said, " laugh at my childish fears, But do you think he's left this fertile land ?" "The last is bright, Miss Green," I slowly said, "And birds sing blithely in the greenwood tree. A pistol placed against my throbbing head Will end for e'er my direful misery. "' But," I fiercely cried, "my rival's name ?" Said she, " This acting, sir, is quite absurd. Alas, poor rival, he is not to blame- My poor, devoted, loving little birdl" T. W. KITcaNEi . ARITHMOREM. No. 5. Watts, Shakespeare, and Byron, Burns, Cooper, and Scott, And hundreds of others-I number them not- Touched harps of the poets which sent forth the strains Which have echoed so sweetly in millions of brains. Though century addeth the century still, And Time trudgeth on through all gladness and ill, There still will be living the sounds of the past- The strains that we love so for ever williast, 501 and per Conceited, disdainful, Haughty and high; 1 ,, noon It's really so painful, It's.making me cry; 611 ,, tee Dreadfully furious, Ire on the rise; 1,001 ,, at Really, 'tis curious How quickly it shies; 51 ,, rear Oh, vicious inveigher, Be quiet, I pray I 551 ,, ye Oh, helplessoobeyer, Surrender, I say l H. C. Parcu. DECAPITATION. No. 6. What is used for throwing stones, And supporting injured bones In whole you'll surely view ; Now, if you behead aright, What is left will bring to sight A kind of fish. Adieu. T. O'Conroa, K-insale,
ENIGMA. No. 7. Im the author of good, I'm the author of harm; I'm the giver of pleasure, the cause of alarm; I'm looked on with: gladness, and viewed with delight; I'm gazed oun ith terror, and seen with affriglit. I'm a ravenous monster, all things I devour That have the misfortune to fall in my powerj I make no distinction, or mercy will show, A similar fate prince or peasant will know. Yet my terrible appetite's never appeased, Though I've swallowed a banuquet and eaten a feast; But after you've fed me, I'm worse than before, And clamour and make a disturbance for more. Still, I have my good parts with my bad, you will see; I've a mission of usefulness given to me; Without me, I fancy, you poorly would fare, When many a meal you went to prepare. BaRnON BJLiT urE. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 8, W. NEVILLE, Cripplegate. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. A pupil in the army if you will please curtail, To see a cask or barrel. Reader, you cannot fail. M. FABLANQUE, Bradford. METAGRAM. No. 10. Now, Katie first, give me my next, As I've my lesson ended; 'Tis neatly done, without one blot, And all the errors mended. J. G. LAmBEr.T. DECAPITATION. No. 11. My whole is on the map, you'll find, In South America 'twill be; Butif you take the head away, A female name you'll surely see. J. G. Bu.AuT. REBUS. No. 12. H. KINDERs Chatham. LOGOGRIPHS. No. 13. My whole's a kind of vehicle; But when deprived of head, A fish of which you all have heard I'll quickly show instead; This fish, aright transposed by you, A Scottish town then comes to view. W. G. FIxAY, Kinsale. No. 14. When seas are rough and winds do blow, My first is always there, I know; Behead me, friends, and I will say A liquor 'twill to you display ; Now please transpose me, riddlers keen, And then a river will be seen; A letter from my first delete, Transpose, part of our frame you'll meet. C. CozsNs., REVEBSION. No. 15., This is what some people do, I fear ; It means to boast or to-display ; When you turn it round, 'tis what we wear. So now I'll say to alli " Good day." J. BAsarTsos, Charleston..
, CHARADE, One calm sot 'summerhun 's eve As some gay children, harud ein Some garlands came to wearind, When near the spot Will leads the (His age was just turned tene While Dot and Maggie, p"anting, "Behind fat Tomd d eB From next there cameý with mellow A simple, loving air,' w chin Which all the band full many a lime Had sung with cadence rare They list a while, their way then take Their fav'rite spot they reach, 0 And soon some pretty bouquets make Beneath a spreading beech e At length, two down the grassy plain To pluck some wholes then go, A spot that long had hidden lain Of which but few did know. ' "They stop too long." Thus R aggie tn And them prepared to seek When suddenly her ears then caught An agonizing shriek. She flew a-down the sloping mead, At streamlet quick arrived In plunged--her Dot from danger freed, Of a victim Death deprived. For breath the child doth faintly gas, Closed are her dark-brown eyes, Yetall the while her hands still l:asp Some oles~e-her dear bought prine. 1'. IsI'CiL, hub POLYPHONE. No. 17. The sun had sunk 'mid bars of gold Into the rosy west The little bird had geune to sleep Inside his downy nest. And all within the castle walls Were sunk in deep repose, When focmen came, and on the gate Thundered loud, heavy blows, "To firsts ! to firsts I" the captain cried. "Rouse I rouse, ye knights, from sleepl We may compel them to witlhdraw, The castle walls are steep." Each soldier rose and girded on His bayonet and ihield, And with a soldier's earnestness Those instruments did wicldl. When morning dawned upon the field, A ghastly sight w:as there ; Full many a man was void of nexts; Death's hand had laid some bure. W. Sar~n:ls, Powm OMEGR AMI. N o. 18. At her cottage door she lingers, While the light pales in the west, And a first of wistful longing Parts her lips and stirs her breast, And her cheeks are hot and crinsoun, Half with anger, half with shame. " Roger is so hasty-tempered; And yet I-I was to blame." Then a smile the shadow chases,. Wreathes her lips and lights her eyes. " Never mind, he will forget it, For he loves mie well," she cries. " I have heard that lovers' quarrels Only serve to lessen fear. 'Twill be sweet to hear him mnrmnr, 'Maggie, I forgive you, dear.'" Loud the tempest roars and thunders, For a storm is on the sea, And the maiden at her casement Waits and watches wearily- Waits, her white hands clasped together, Till her poor face rigid grows, For a noble ship is breaking, And lier boy will help, she knows. In the sickly light of morning Home they bring her lover dead. Soft her arms about him twiining, Lifts she up his wounded head. "Roger I Roger " so she calls hi n, And her voice is hoarse with pain, Waitinic for of life some second- But she calls and waits in vain. To his cold her warm lips glueing, Still she watches for a smile, Lingers till some pitying angel Steals her senses for a while. Years have passed, and in the woman None would know the maiden gay, For that bitter night of sorrow Turned her ruddy locks to grey. ANNIE F. STANToN, Hello DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 19. My first, dear waiting riddlers, in apple will be found' One winter's day my pretty next they laid beneath ground ; The felon in his dreary cell must, trembling,tbird as To-morrow at the house of next they will decide his fa To find my last,' one letter you will have to take from n And whole will be a character that's found in" Silve -Mans ha-m