Our friend J. MrTnw to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OBHARADIE No. 1.
As through the fields I strolled one day, 'Twas in the month of June, The hedges decked with blossoins gay, The birds were in full tune. I wandered on in thoughtful mood, Notocaring where I went, When to the borders of a wood I found my steps had bent. On looking round I soon espied That first there did abound; The truth, too, could not be denied, It was forbidden ground. My steps I hastened to retrace For fear there came a second, When, to my fright, before my face, There stood my whole and beckoned. My knees began to shake with fear, As whole towards me stalked; Says he," Young man, how came you here ?" I gasped, "Please, sir, I walked." Says whole, "No joking here, young man-; If you were rightly served, With this good stick your back I'd tan. You know this ground's preserved." "Please, sir," I once more stammered out, With my eye upon his sticks, "If I'd kept to the path, no doubt I'd have escaped this fix." No sooner had I said these words Than whole at me did run; He might as well have chased the birds. So, adieu, my tale is done. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness, ENIGMA. No. 2. I never murmur at my lot, whatever it may be,. The rich man's fare, the poor man's cot, the fettered, or the free; I am a friend to all mankind, from peasant up to king, And to the deaf, the dumb, the blind, full happiness I bring : My greatest foes are discontent, and selfishness, and wrong, Though I ne'er do a wrong resent, nor sing a mournful song; Ambition is no friend of mine; I make contention less; I with the cheerful ever shine and always crown success ; The furrowed brow, the tearful eye, the anxiousness of care, The burdened heart, the heavy sigh, 'tis not my lot to share ; If with the toiling ploughman found, though 'neath the sultry sky, Across the land you'll hear the sound of blithesome melody; lo ills in life can chase away my calm, unsullied smile, From morn till night, the livelong day, naught can my peace defile; And if you find my meaning out, when this you have read through, My cunning friends, I do not doubt but I shall be with you. J. WILEINSON, Wakefield. NUIIERICAL CHARADE. - No8 am.a wor.d ofkfolirteen letters... My 1, 6,.4.~ a fruit; my 8, 9,12,10 is an-animal ; my 5,9 is a personal pro- noun; my 7,12,14 implies loss of reason: my 12, 6, 13, 4 is a relation; my 12, 13, 14 is a conjunction; my 3, 68 7 is a liquid; my 2, 1, 9 is a number; my 11, 12, 14, P. 1 is. to be charged with a burden; myl, 2, 3.4, 5 one of the car.inual points; my 3, 5, 2, 7, 8 is a geometrical sign; pny 8, 9, lo. 4 5, 12 is a girl's name; my 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 is a part.of the body ; my 5. 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 is an English river; and my whole is a county in England.-ELEANOR. ACROSTIO,. No. 4. Cross Words. One-fourth of done, One-third of run, And then one-fifth of shame; One-fourth of take, One-fourth of cake, A famous admiral will name. One-fourth of jute, One-fourth of root, And then one-fourth of live; One-fourth of mate, Ose-fourth of hate, A Bible name will give. One-fourth of wine, One-fifth of shine, And then one-fourth of grow ; - One-fifth of grate, One-fourth of late, A Christian name will show. One-fifth of cramp, One-fourth of lamp. And then one-fourth of live; One-fourth of veer, One-fifth of cheer, A general's name will give. One-fourth of mate, One-fifth of grate, And then one-fourth of nose; One-fourth of meek; Oie-fifth of sledk, A girl's name will expose. One-fourth of rain, One-fourth of pain, And then one-third of row; One-fourth of veal, One-fifth of steal, A Russian town will show. Foundation W odi. ' My primlse if you read aright,- - , . Will bring an admiiral to liglt. : it, R. D., Exmouth, METAGRAM. ': No, S. VMy whole a water-fowl will be:; - But.if you change my head,. What means to unbind I'm sure you'll see Willitiw be there instead; Now if you'll change my head again, You'll very quickly see What I hope will never, never, be put On the head of yon or me. R,. C. K.
DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. No; 6. 150 and a row . .An Irish town 50 ,, eobh A mountain in-Iceland 51 ,, a law =' An Idian town 500 , art sat = A German fortress 51 ,, near or = A French province 10 ,, e tree = An Epglish town 5 , a roast. A Russiantown 51 ,, reek = A town in Turkey 50 ,, peer g = A Prussian iiver 1 , robe 1 = A Scottish lake 101 ,~ to saint = An American island 650 ,, oh are = n English town 1150 ,, here = An English river 55 ,, sea - A town in Portugal Primals and finals will name two Budget authors. M. L. WADE. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 7. JONES, City. VERBAL CHARADES. No. 8. My first is in net, My second's in set, My third is in hatred and hate; My fourth is in Pope, My fifth is in rope, And my last is in early and late. These letters if you place aright A Budget riddler will come to sight. H. H. ADAMS. No. 9. My first is in Dane, but not in Moor: My second's in pippin, but not in core; My third is in skin, but not in pore : My fourth is in heart, but not in soul ; My fifth is in part, but not in whole; My sixth is in mare, but not in foal: Mly seventh is in smell, but not in taste; My last is in pie, but not in paste; if my letters are placed aright, .
.An able -satesmqn i.s ibrougkt to ulgn H.W'DALIE- PROVERB BREBUS. No. 10. LOGOGRIPH. BRoWN, London. No. 11. Whole I am a valuable article, And sometimes filled with air, At other times a load of grease It is my lot to bear. Behead me now, and you will find I very soon grow tall, For builders with the ail of me Can reach the highest hall. Now please decapitate again, And there at once will be A reptile, or, at least, the name, Which perhaps you'd sooner see. The reptile now please give a shake, 'Tis looked on oft with.this ; And when of head bereft-'twill show What you oft do, I wis. And now Just give another shake 'Twill show what butchers' meat,is; 1oýý ustqplceS pretakeroo.my heay r J. 3YERS Da'ltozt inFurtnessa ' < DEOA.PITATION' ".trr -o . ": Beheada kind of muslin, i! , Andmlnd;you do it right, ... .. And,tle assort of seed , Will quickly comd ini sht; Agiintht word behead, A d you will surely scan ' In wohantis left an animal . . :That'svcrylike a man. , A. WILSON, Hoylake.
ACROSTIC. No. 13. Foundation WYord. The primals, when they're placed aright, Will bring a poet to your sight. Cross Words. My first is a place where invalids go; A country in Asia my second will show. A gentle animal is my third ; My fourth is a very common bird; In Portugal my next does grow ; My last, I think, is part of your too. SIR PHILIP SYIui:y. CHARADES. No. 14. Myfirst is essential to man and to beast, To the fruits of the south, and the flowers of tle Fast My'second was nsed by the soldiers of old At the great siege of Troy, for so I am told It was in this they placed'their whole trust, And many a man it has laid in the dust; My whole appears in the sky, I ween, And has been often by you seen; And now I hope you will reveal, What in this riddle'I've tried to conceal. T. DRAKE, Stratford No. Is. A precious metal is my first, And with it'wondrous things are done, And people for it crave with thirst, But lots of them of it have none. A deadly weapon next surely is, Always used in time of war, And many have been killed by this, 'Tis used by all, both near and far. My first and second if you unite, A Budget hero you will espy, Who fought with valour day and night, And listened to his people's cry. H. H. ADAMS, Chelsea. SQUARE WORD. No. 16. My first, I hope, dear riddlers, you Will always strive to be; The next in turn does mean absorbed, You very soon will see. A preposition now write down, And then, I think, to you A burning mountain will appear, So now, my friends, adieu. NETTIE, Manchester, HIDDEN RIVERS. No. 17.-1. What a dirty necktie you have on. 2. n glorious everything looked this morning. 3. They are g ini to build a new house. 4. Have you over been up tile nl near where the nightingale.sings. 5. He had overchirred his cannon. 6. She cehied having taken the nupdeh.. 7. 11 underwent great hardships. 8. 1 sent him with a m*j:s to his aunt.-SAMtEL. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 18.--1..Emil and Annie have gone for a wall:. 2. That spar tw too long. 3. Take that knife away from " divrl. 4. The infidel hit-George. 5. 'the band played beauti11: on Saturday. 6. The Duke of Edinburgh entered Lou u last wcek.-J. GOLDINa, Essex. No. 10. What's known to a shoemaker you transpose, An article of foodit surely shows. G. GRANT, Bayswater. No. 20. Part of yourself if you transpose, An animal it will disclose. POTnooE No. 21. A river in Europe transposed by you, Will bring a Christihn name to view. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE. REVERSION. No. 22. One destitute of reason this is, I trow, Reverse, and you'll have part of a ship's bow. H. BEYNON, Bristol. DECAPITATION. No. 23. What is not dull if you behead, An instrument you'll hive instead. ARTHUR DALE, Ldecester. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 24. My first is always in the bee: And for second a number you will see; For next a female name put down ; And fourth will give an Irish town; My next is a tool by joiners used; And sixth an animal oft abused ; - The last is just one-third of two; Centrals bring an Irish town to view. POTHooK-