Our friend T,. L. HnZRERY to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. AERATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1. Will held aloft, beyond her reach, A tempting, ripe, and downy peach. "'Tis yours," he cried, "sweet, gentle miss. The price is low-a loving kiss." "A kiss I" she cried. "Come, that's not dear. But one is nrt enough, I fear." " If one's Lot dear," was his reply, "Then two are cheap, so, fairest, buy." T. LT. Hxszar. METAGRAM. No. 2. A knight rides over first and dale, And furious is his speed; His wild career and visage pale, Betoken urgent need. In very truth, sore need has he To ride with eager haste, For in a gloomy dungeon she, His love, doth pine and waste. The fell magician Bardelear Has borne the maid away, And in his castle dark and drear She weeps by night and day. The walls are all of giant height, Of adamantine strength; What can he do, the noble knight. Joy I there is help at length. A fairy wondrous beautiful His eyes, astonished, see; She speaks, in tones of sweetness full s " Seek for the golden key." lie sought the wide world everywhere, And, seeking, found at last. The gate's unlocked-the lady fair Released, all trials past. We have a charm, sweet friend, dost know, To aid in dangers fell P Hearken to me, and I will show The secret of the spell. In trouble we shall all be bold, No work last seem too long, If but the magic key we hold Of Perseverance strong. LornE W., Brighton. DIAGONAL SQUARE WORDS. No. 8. What a din there is in the farmyard I Why, Mary is feeding the fowls 1 Clack I clack I says our first, as thebarley They pick up, and dog third then howls. The chickens they all flock around her; Second the pert sparrows fly Down to partake of the breakfast. They soon give over, being shy. Old third lies without his huge kennel, And looks on the charming rich scene; He wags his great tail and looks jolly; He thinks himself useful, we ween. No wonder the fowls all know Mary, No wonder they come at hbr call; The poor little robins flock round her In winter when last thick does fall. Those who're not blind my cross centrals do; 'Tis not at all strange, 'tis not at all new. Now please note the clue and remember its name, Though backwards or forwards spelt, 'tis the same. RBuar AND BEaGIDaLD ArMsNr r, Kirkdale. . CHARADE. No. 4. At night.time, when Irest within my soft and downy bed, And on my pillow lay my tired and slumber.seeking head, And seek for Morpheus, drowsy god, my wearied eyelids close, I sleep and dream the strangest dreams that e'er in brain arose. One night I dreamt that I stood by a castle ruined andold; It looked as if it there had stood for centuries untold; The first was dark, third raged around, the vivid lightning flashed, The thunder roared, and roared again, then in the distance crashed. As there I stood, the mighty drawbridge thundered o'er the moat, A mounted knight in armour bright, of burnished mail his coat, Came dashing swiftly o'er the bridge; his falchion, shield, and spear Gleamed as the blinding lightning flashed in brilliance far and near. On sped the horse. As past he flew, I heard the rider cry. "My loved one shall be saved, or, by my halidom, I'll die I'' And then away he galloped fast, and soon was lost to sight. He'd gone to save his lady-love, and with her foes to fight. Again I dreamt I wandered out far from the boist'rous crowd, Thinking of the silver lining to my life's dull cloud ; I heard the clear, bright, sparkling notes of that sweet bird, my whole, As charming trills and cadences it prettily did troll, Sending thrills of gladness through my breast. Oh, such a dream Brings a tinge of blissful peace, of heavenly love a gleam; And second this life's dreary road such happy thoughts we love- Oh, blissful rays of peace and joy shining from above I H. O. PaiCs. LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. A part of the frame curtail and behead, Another part you will then have instead Now, riddlers, f you the latter transpose, An.active verb it will surely disclose. IMyformer head with the verb now arrange, An animal then you'll have by the change; Behead me again, my first tail adhere, Transpose me, and then a weed will appear. T. O'Corxoa, KCinsale,
CHARADE. No. 6. Up with the lark, and from our first We see the glorious sunshine burst Over the land of joy and woe That seems to glide along below. Up with the lark, and off we go ! Our first now glides along we know, O'er hill and dale, past farm and cot, While Pat sings, d Il Pat-riot. With chubby face and laughing eyes, See Johnny making great mud-pies; Whate'er he thinks that he will do He does-for he's my number two. Young Folks, when we are most amused, My whole id-often much abused; And you, like me, must see quite plain It can't much longer whole remai. L. BooTH, Nottingham, IBEBUS. No. 7.
S r kxow.
METAGRAh. No. 8. Lovely province, rich and fertile, Land of orange, grape, and lime, I could ever sing the praises Of thy bright and sunny clime. World.famed fortress, in whose dungeons Prisoners once did droop and pine, Cannon did thy walla demolish In the year1789. RED DRAGON, LOGOGRIPH No. 9. Reverse a written letter And you will behold A town celebrated for Its colleges old. Strike off the head right quickly, And there, sure as fate, My last will appear as A great heavy weight. W. SAUNDERs, Powmill,
REBUS. No. 10. "w i $XN 9 Ii Axov.
ENIGMA. No. 11. I'm black, I'm blue, I'm brown, I'm grey, I'm changeful as an April day, Enclosed withina narrowlcell, / Securely kept, and guarded well; As clear as crystal, I am bright, Or dark as a December night. Possessed by nearly every man, To be without meis a ban' Some have but one, and others two ; Iampossessedbyallof you; I help thisriddle to make out; A blessing am, without a doubt; Differentpassions I express. Now, what I am please try to guess;, With youI live, with you I die. Now, riddler Who or what am I P F, R. Courson. CURTAILMENT. No. 12. An adjective please bring to nmind,' Which very small does mean.. S Curtail it, and then youwill fnd metal will be seen. 1 L : N F: T, RDr.~~, Newcastle. ' 'bL9
ACROSTIC. No. 13. Cross Words. The genial spring will first again, When grim old Winter ends his reign, Along a country this I went One summer's day, on pleasure beant. Yon sufferer on the couch of pain Would give great wealth third to obtain. In woodland vales, 'mid brakes of fern, In spring.my fourth you may discern. My fifth lives in yon mansion grand, 'Mid all the richness of the land. Through shady groves and meadows wide I often last at eventide. Foundation Word. The wanting word, dear friends, find out; The prnimals show without a doubt What I will think you all to be Who this acrostic solve for me. J. G. Leman?, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 14. A holiday A holiday I IHarrah ! the day is fine. Come, Henry, let us haste away, With second, hook, and line, O'er yonder meadows to the stream. See how its silv'ry waters gleam In golden sunshine bright. A holiday! A holiday! To ybnder woods I'll go. I'll take my third, and there I'll ploy, In notes both sweet and low, Sweet melodies, that will, ere long Cause birds to mingle their sweet song With music of my third. A holiday 1 A holiday I Come, Clara, Jane, and Flo, On to the lawn. At fourth we'll play- You won't object, I know. I'll have the green ball. Which will you? Says Florrie," I will have the blue;" And Clara chooses pink. IHalf.holiday I Halfholiday I What shall the pastime be? A game at cricket we will play. .Come, boys, do you agree? Here are the things. Well, now, I thought-- Why, boys, look here-we've one filth short l Now, isn't that a bore? Hallfholiday Half.holidayl I know what I will do- I'll make a dress for my doll May; I think I'll have it blue. Oh, no l I'll have it sixth, I think. But, after all, I'll have it pink; I think it suits her best. Half.holiday I Half.holiday ! I'm off to nooks and bowers To pick a centrals bright and gay Of beautiful wild flowers. See, now it's done ! How nice 't does look I Now rl sit down by yonder brook And rest a little while. Half.holiday ! Half.holiday! Come out, boys one and all, And on-the common we will play That famous game football. O'er last-named game your eyes please out, Anrid'you will surely find my last- Perchance my first as well. HIDDEN TOWNS. No. 15. Certainly, on second thoughts, With you I quite agree, That practical A is better far Than theoretical B, SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. ry first is a tree, in England it grovs; My second's an animal every one knows; My third is an instrument useful at night To fasten the doors and protect us from frig8 s CENTRAL DELETION. No. 17. A word which means to strike or beat You surely in my whole perceive; But if the centre you delete, Alake of water it will leave., METAGRAM. No. 18. To first a good second You must it well third, Or good it's not reckoned- It's not, on m word. Herefo