Our friend HARRY Lrwx to-day takes the lead in, the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. No. 1. A short time since, my dear young friends, I wandered out one day, And down a quiet country first I slowly took my way. I rambled on till I came to A school, and then, alas! I threw a stone, and, sad to tell, It broke a next of glass. And here, my friends, another thing I'd have you all to know : Misfortune is of me the next, Wherever I may go. The master came out, fourth in hand, And said " Boy, are you next ?" " 'lease, sir, it was an ecCide it,, I said. "'Pray, don't be vexed." "I'll not believe a tale like that," lite then satl;, with a growl; Then with the fourth laid on my back Till I began to howl. And after that I made avow That stonrs no more I'd throw. And as, in, lrinds, I've had my say, I think I now will go. HARRY LYNN. LOGOGR IPH. No. 2. A beauty which pleases, 1l headed by yo'u, What mealel to ihjoure Will brniig to lew. Now ploease once aga;u ''his process repeat. And a part of your body Your eye will greet. The last, if transposed, Were it done aright, Would bring an animal Unto your sight. Of the animal now If you'll change the head, A boy's Christian name You'll find instead. Change head just once more, Thea you perceive Part of every pig It will surely leave. FLOSSi B., Manchester, P-YRAMID. 'No. 3. A consonant For first you want, So place one on t o summit And next, I trust, A boy you mnust Be ere you can become it. Some ladies third, Bet on my word, Right well some do without it, 'Tis central's pride A fourth to rideo; I know you will not doubt it,. My fifth now guess, For to possess A valiant fifth is pleasant I So now to end, I'm sure a friend Is last to'peer and peasant. My centrals namens friend, I will be bound, A hero whose great skill we all admire, More so, as in the right lie's always found; To help the weak and helpless his desire. J. MYERs, Dalton-.n-Furness. HIDDEN NAMES. No. 4. Once upon a time- To make a rhyme, What will not Young Folks do 1 The fairy elves Amuse themselves By puIzzling old folks too. They now proceed A rhyme to read- Whatever do they mean ? Just listen here 'Twoel.i take a seer A grain of sense to glean. The wind among whistlers was the first, Whistling the same tune now as er t; For the only tune the wind can play Is" Over the hills and far away." My name is hidden, As I was bidden, In a verbe of my wn composing; And now my friend Hisa d will lend To help you in your disclosing, Ei've ..nd mortals. Th lr ugh your portals I oolbe in irom the cold without. A friend in need Isa friend indee,l As y,.u know full well, no doubt. My name is the aid I have to lend- Anu thing to oblige a friend; So the name of Glaspyth I assume: 'Tie " Ilobson's choice," my nom de plume. Now, Young Folks, don't you wish to inquire What can this rigmarole inspire ? Naught but the nawnes of two famous friends, The'fame ofiwhdlae friendship never ends. 180ILA.
MONPFIHONE. No. 5. Down in a coal mine i nderneath the ground. Whore nIo gle !n! of suntli no ever IIay ibe found (At t- Ii' tith: s.,cg predicis so), all the at aou round, They dig fIr dusty dianmouds un .erneath the ground. A life of this is a dangerous one, At least, they tell me so, But telling makes no difl'rence-- l'm one myself. you know; And the hardships that we all endure, Why. you they would astound, If you saw us in a coal mine Und. ruoath the ground. Although I change here. I might as well say There's a large population just in the same way. I've lost my heart. and, sad to tell. I'm really broken down. Through meeting with a flower-girl one nightin L n'ion town. She really was a beauty, and, it's true what peopl, say, he left me for a man that sells ice cream across the way. I've not quite lost my senses, if I've really lost my he irt, Altholugh 't s sad to leave yourlove, and evermore must part ; And it's quite true what people say, I'm rather yoing and small To eve: think of courting any flower-girl at all I think I'll grow and get some sense, and leave the girls alone, For 'omen are deceitful, which most gentlemen will own; They lead the poor men all astray through pla. ing with their hearts, And jilt them for some foreigne: a from sorro outlandish parts. AnSRasB. WAL.KEIt AND STEWART, Astley Green. DOUBLE ACROSTIO. .F,undation Iorn s. No. 6. 'Yionget the heroes who fell for their fatherland's sake, This man will be honoured; his name primals make; A nd thou for what country in battle lie fell, T.. rinals of cross words will very soon tell. Cross Words. I'm reckoned 'mong-t the rodents. I'm reckoned very fleet, And if ? ,.i catch and cook me, you'll find me good to eat. I vyot w a!h to see me, I think you'd better go To Messrs. liaskelyne and Cook, who this to you will show. oi) the prairies wild I roam in herds without a settled home. '] ill caught by man his help to be; I'm fleet and very strong, and hence I've often been the best defence Ofroaminiag Indians bold andt free. A little boy comes home from school, And says he's very ill ; His mother makes himn swallow this, But much against his will. My first will be an animal; to second we're related; My whole's a settled notion. so I have e-timated. Here flowers bloomed and all was fair, Bu'. soon, alas) sin entered there. With golden hair, And face so fair, I live ' n the ripaling water. Slhply and freeo" Is Ithe mruo to for Ile, The sea-king's lovely daughter. A. 11. Sr'CALES. CHARADE. No 7 'Twas in the last sad Yankee war, With North and South at times victorious, how drarced 'neath Death's triumphantcar, Now singing preans of joy uproarious, I stood in cerntre of one State, One portion for preserving ui ion, While second strove to separate In two our dearly-prized communion. First in one holy bond would bind OUr nmoerous States in love for ever; While list wsould scatter to the wind All tie'--the' Stars and Stripes" dissever. Ilosv strange the contrast 'tween the partal But war's now o'er, no dead or d) inug, And since, inll learning. science, arts. With other oistcr -Latts Ie's vteing. cCtlrTA'TOR, Dublin. ACROSTIC. No. 8. Fountdation Word. Initi.,ls, if rightly guessed, will show A rustic character you all know. Cross Wrrrds. A boat race I chanced to witness one day " First. men. for your lives I" I hoeard a voice say. A second I saw o'erturued on the road; Some said it had got too heavy a load. As, minus ,iy tourth, I splashed through the rain, A third I saw split by lightning in twain. A footpad apprnched : "Your money I" said he, Prodiuc ng a knif., as I turned to flee. "Oh, pray, lht me this '" said Ito the thief ; Wtien lie. steppi'g hack in this, came to grief. A htrrible nex' I met in a lane. Anti eighth I yelled out, for he cauued me pain. If ever you meet a creature 1 he this, He'll soon make you ninth right loudly, I wis. E. BAXTER. DELETION, No. 9. Miss Jesaie's very first. 'tis trite. And grumbles constantly about it, Though she's as pretty as can be, 'ris true, and so you nee'I not doubtit. " Now. May," she says, "' is just the next Or girl tlht I admire so; Sh'q s ice and tall. But, then, we can't Lti always what we like, you know." Delete one-fifth, 0 riddlers dear, Oi lirst, nun second now is here. LoTTIl WV., Brighton. LOGOGRIPH. No. 10. A short, broad sword if you'll behead, And then transpose it too, An :ru,ntil you'll have inastad, Which you will quickly view. ALnErT E. U.
MONOPHONIC. No. 11. The eldest of.a family is always oalled this; And when his father dies, he's sure To have his lands, I wis. A letter of my first please change, And unto you 'twill show A filament we all possess, And animals also. From second please now take the head, And you will surely view An element that we can't see; Without it we can't do. The centre of my third please change, And it will then proclaim A Scottish town ned river, Also a county's name. 8. RostisoN. REBUS. No, 12. J. C. STOKOE. TRANSPOSITION. No. 13. Can yoe tell meI tli" name of my darling, Witu her eyes soi bl e and bright. And her featihery hair so golden and fair, That it shines like imprisoned light ? If you know it, please alter lthi letters; Wlhat remains, I ani sire you will siy Is the iui c'iest monLi of sweet nlinuer ; 'lie reiowned in e.ch poet's lay. BEnow'N-EYEs. CENTRAL, DELETION. No. 14. Oft so.n in Ih lie.hlds is my whole ; hIuit centre if now you di-place, No liub you th limio can rce ll Whcu you've sLee wlehat is left til the face. J. MYstats, Daltu-liu-0i'urness. REBUS. No. 15.
LILY BROWN, Bo. tle. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o. OF LAST WEEK, 1.-Amarauth, Asphodel II.- Trout. rout. Thus: AtalantA, Madncsi, 12.- T 0 H E AsP, RajaH, ApollO,NaiaD, ) M E N TimE, HarebelL. M E A D 2.-Maid-stone. E N D S 3.- Fowling. 13.- V 0 T E 4.-ANNIEB AY fEY O VER TRAVELLER TEAS LANTERN ER SE HO T E L 14.-Indefatigable. OWE 15.- J S A1Y RYE THYM E ROCKS QUEE v I~ HEROINE AU A r, A IA DOLGELLEY OFFEN VELY AGR AND P ART Y 16.-Maid of Athens. 6.-The Young Folk's 17.-Ivy, iv. v. Weekly Budget. 18.-Pain, pin. 6.-Sweet, suite. 19.-Stone. 7.-Clock. watch. Thns : 20.- P ClaW. LarnacA, Owle 1', P E N ComiC, KeogH. P U N C II 8-Lt.ia, limb, lime, limn, P E . G U IN limp. PL U ME 9.-Catch-up. T I N 10.-8warmn, arm, arm,ram.1 N
21.-Ye mritners of England, Who guard our native seas, Whose flag h.is braved a thousand years, The battle and the breeze.