Our friend T. L. HEMErs to.day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE, No. 1. My first is soft, and delicate, and fine, With favour honoured high by king and queen; On many a lovely form I gleam and shine Amid the brightness of the festive scene. My next is hard, and comfortless, and cold, A pillow for a beggar's weary head; A guardian mute I stand, and sacred hold The earth commingling with the honoured dead. My whole is black as ebony, and bright, In cellars brooded o'er by darkness deep; I welcome heat afford and cheerful light, As flames ecstatic round me dance and leap. T. L. BErMB, METAGRAM ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. 'Twas in the mighty Trojan war this hero fought and died, 'Twas when Agamemnon the bold Achilles did deride; 'Twas when Achilles left the Greeks their honour to defend That the gods unto this hero bold unerring aid did send. The Trojans drive the Grecians back, their ships they're going to fire ; But Patroclus, Achilles' friend, prevents this mischief dire, For in Achilles' armour on the scene he does appear- But he, alas I is doomed to fall beneath this hero's spear. But great confusion there is caused-the Trojans take to flight, For now Achilles on the scene appears in armour bright. The armour bright and gorgeous that Achilles now does wear Was forged for him by Vulcan at his mother's earnest prayer. This valiant hero meets him in the thickest of the fray, And determined that he now will sweep his foeman from his way, He strikes with zealous ardour, but his striking is in vain, For by the bold Achilles is this noble hero slain. Cross Words. The farmer went and got his first, Then through the farmhouse gate he burst In hopes to catch a cunning third Who'd seconded his pretty bird; But third was rather fleet of foot, And soon a lengthy space he put Between the furious man and he, Then hid within a hollow tree. Within the farmer's heart rage burned As he towards home his footsteps turned. Quoth he, " If e'er I catch that third, I'll give the rascal, on my word, A thrashing-yes, without pretext, 'Twill be a case of tit for next. To second he'd enough, I know- The thief I the brute I Bah let him go 1" A year has passed, no third's returned, The farmer his reward has earned. A sixth's about, and he complains No fifth within the barn remains, The sixth has second every one; He has no third, his third is gone. Oh, for his third, for 'twould have stayed The ruin that the sixth has made. H. V. BAawELL. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. S. My centres show a con. you know; In Young Folks it appears. Now please to guess what, I confess, Won't take the best of seers. For first a fourth of drum procure ; My next the ladies can't endure; For third please see what scholars do; This is a riddle known to you; Next is a horrid death to die; This is an ancient kind of fly; In riddles last is seen by you. And now, my friends, a kind adieu. DEMOSTHENEB. CURTAILMENT. No. 4. The clouds of night are gathering fast, The flow'rs are wet with dew; A second lies o'er stream and bill, And hides them from our view. Through the lane and 'cross the meadow The children wend their way, Since morn within the shady woods They've spent a happy day, Gathering berries black and sweet, First nuts and flow'rets fair, Or playing hide.and.seek with Maud And laughing baby Clare. Ancz M. M'LACHLAN, Barnes,. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. How first the sky! I much do fear That we shall have some rain, And I've to go, you know, my dear, To town and back again ; And useless 'tis to pine and fret, For I must go, if fine or wet. Oh, pray look sharp I My coat, where is it? I'm sure I shall belate The auctioneer's abode to visit, If I much longer wait, For I must see him ere my.next Begins, or I shall be quite vexed. F. ELar, Derby. DECAPITATION. No. 6. Whole means an elevation, But if you that behead, A sign in numeration Will be revealed instead. H. R. Boaraa.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. With painful steps and awkward mien, Old Peter Bea came down thqgarden, He was a rich, retiredchurchwarden, With body large, eyes small and keen. Beneath a pear tree, which a shade Cast o'er the path, he sat him down; A fan to cool him, flushed and blown, Of BzsrasuDa Popinjay he made. Then thought him of the repartee He made one day the worthy squire Who 'bout his health did then inquire, And to his house came him to see. A pleasant smile upon his face Crept, as he thus soliloquized. At a repeater, richly prized, At length he glanced, the time to trace. P. M'HCL,, Dublin. REBUS. No. 8. C. CE aLTON, Leeds.
TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. IMy first a part of the hand will be, 'Twill also name an Eastern tree; But if transposed aright by you, A lighted vessel 'twill bring to view. J. G. BREarTr. CHARADE. No. 10. My first is where nobles bow low I My second sails upon the sea ; My whole is what all lovers know Before they can united be. C. CoRna. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 11. H. FRPas , Manchester. CURTAIL]MENT. No. 12. My first's a jump or leap-' This clue in mem'ry keep. But I must not forget to tell A certain berry 'tis as well. Curtail, and a division Of land is brought to vision. Now, readers, you will not be slow In finding out this word, Iknow. And now, I say, repeat This great curtailing feat, And lo you've brought to view instead A certain cov'ring for the head. CONCORDIA. LOGOGRIPH. No. 18. An article please bring to sight Which often serves to give us light; Change head, in second you will trace What has two hands also a face; Change head, in clothes (if they are old) My third you often will behold; To seemy lastif you dsire, Please look, dear friend, at kitchen fire, And you will find it without fail, If you the first word twice curtail. F. T. RIrLEY, Newcastle.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 14. Foundation Words. I'm sure Young Folk will e'er revere Our gifted primals, kind, sincere; For years to come his answers grid Will be perused all o'er the land. Finala is a famous city Where dwelt many authors witty; If e'er I chance to wander there, I'll go see primals, I declare. Gross Words. This is a man of high degree, Whose title would be bliss to me. Look at the map of Mexico, And you will find this town, I trow. In this behold a battlefield Where mighty Russia had to yield. The map of England now look through, Andin Norfolk this town you'll view. An English county twice curtail, And this 'twill give you, wlthoutfail. Last Ju.ne I this a three miles race, And, oh, great joy I I won first place. P. X. GArszr, Dublin, NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 15. 1, 2, 3, 5, plaoed aright, Brings an animal to sight; Place together 4, 3, 2, What is drunk at tea by you. 2, , 4, 5, as well, More than ordinary tell; 1, 6, 4, 2's what I do When I'm eating-so do you. 4, 5, 3 doth sail the sea; 3, 7, 2 will fell a tree; 4, 5, 6, and 1, and 2 Bring a kind of sect to view. Whole forms a word of letters seven (I think I've all the numbers given); These letters, placed aright by you, A recent tale will bring to view. MoerS, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 16. Old Farmer Dale drove off one day Into the market town; The groom had combed the horse's mane, And brushed it nicely down. "Dear me I! dear me l" the frrmer cried, " What can the creature mean By shying in that fearful way ? There's nothing to be seen. " As sure's my name is Andrew Dale It hears the flying train A mile away, and that is why 'Tis tugging at the rein." W. SANDEnas, Pow!aIl. CHARADE. No. 17. My first is the name of the gloomy god Who rules the realms below ; So Ovid calls him, but he has Another name, you know. Lord Byron says, in one of his plays (But in which I cannot tell), That black's a second colour, but 1 like white just as well. Myuohole is an adjective which, I hope, Can't be applied to you. Now, having said my say, my friends, I'll bid you a kind adieu. U'xG DECAPITATION. No. 18. When whole, I am a mighty ish That lives in Northern seas; Behead me, I mean sound and strong, Or hearty, if you please. Behead again, I am a drink, Well liked by all, I trow. Come, riddlers, bring forth all your powers To solve this puzzle now. BEEDS CENTRAL DELETION. No. 19. When whole I signify alarming: But my centre cast away. A songster then appears before you; Haply you have hea i.s olloway ENIGMA. No. 20. Five letters do comprise my name,. From every point I'm still the same; Pry read me, and you'll quickly see What time will make both you and me. Sw METAGRAM. No. 21. A kind of fuel in first you'll surely see ... When lighted, next comes from it, yonu b ' l If ired, a third will very T. Cooas, Sinsals