LJ r) 1. U4-A < z EZ)
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. . HE second King of Rome. 2. One of the great battles in the Sikh war. 3. The successor of Cranmes as Archbishop of Canter- bury. 4. A gem mentioned in Scripture. 5. One o, the signs of the zodiac. 6. The name of a famous college. 7. A town in England. 8. The god of the sea. 9. The only Englishman ever made Pope. o0. The name of a Scotch cake. ii. An ancient city. 12. The author of the " Pleasures of Imagination." 13. One of the fine arts. 14. A species of limestone. s.. A favourite flower. s6. Wellington's third victory in the Peninsular war. 17. The first sole King of England. The initials form the name of a famous French general, and the finals that of a celebrated Grecian hero. MARY CRUICiKSHANK. llluiresk, Walltngton, Surrey. (Aged 12.) GEOGRAPHICAL ENIGMA. .NCE upon a time there was a little girl named (an island in Australia), who lived in the (an island in the English Channel). One day she was going down the river in a little boat, and it upset. A dog on the shore, named (a seaport of ?gypt), saw the (a cape in South America)., and hastened to the spot to try and (a river in Austria) her. The dog brought her to land after a great deal of trouble. She was very ill after, and every day a little girl with whom she was (an island in the Pacyifc) used to bring her an (a river in Africa) and other fruits. When she was better, her papa took her to (a place North of Africa), and the dog of course accompanied them. (An island in Australia) soon got quite well again, so her papa bought a nice house in Africa, and lived there. As the climate agreed with the little girl, they passed the winter there. FLORRIE HEASMAN. Grove House, Braintree, Essex. (Aged 13.) SCRIPTURE DOUBLE ACROSTIC. SWICKED son of David. A young man who was thrown into a fiery furnace. Birds by which Elijah was fed at Cherith. An emblem of peace. One of the books of Moses. The initials form the name of a high priest of Israel, and the finals the name of his brother. ADA F. READ. Saltgate Street, Beccles. (Aged 130.)
CHARADE. 'NE day I trod a London street, ' Though thick the first lay at my feet, In temper far from good ; What horrid weather this, I thought, As 'gainst the wet and wind I fought, All drenched my cape and hood. While grumbling thus, a song I heard, The piping of some little bird, A second loudly singing; God's weather this, it seemed to say, Why grumble at the rainy day? Shame and reproach thus bringing. This lesson firmly to impress, A wlhole I saw in ragged dress, Deep paddling by the river. I gave some coppers to the lad, And hurried home, ashamed and sad. Now guess my whole, folks clever. ANNIE STANTON. 407, Holloway Road, (Aged 15.) Holloway, _N. ENIGMA. N emblem of authority, And power too, I trow; Also a useful spice, am I, Which every cook doth know, LOGOGRIPH. I/HOLE, this a worker is in lead ; o 'Tis rubbish if you it behead ; Cut off my head once more, I pray, Why, it's a colour, then youll say. L. M. WYNCH. 5. Everett Terrace, lWalton-on-thle-Naze. GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. CELEBRATED mountain mentioned in the Bible. A town of European Turkey. The Roman Goddess of Fidelity. A free port of China. An ancient people of Italy. A commercial city of Saxony. A man who rebelled against Moses and Aaron. The initials form the name of a county in England, and the finals the capital. ADA F. READ. Saltgate Street, Beccles. (Aged z.3.) RIDDLE. WHAT words of two syllables may be read backwards or forwards, and spell the same either way ? JESSIE O. CARRYER. (Aged I4.)
WORD PUZZLE. (Found ufpot a tombstone in A rabi.) Never all for he every often more who thing than Tell you tells he tells he may know knows knows. Attempt you can attempts he can attempts he do do can do. Believe you may believes he believes he hear hears hears. Lay out you can lays he can lays he can afford out afford cut afford. Decide you may decides he decides he upon see upon sees upon sees. ALICEI M. N. Go, Above Bar, Southampton. (Aged z4.) BURIED GIRLS' NAMES. QE lent him a horse, and away he galloped. 2. Over the rugged hills the little vagabond ran. 3. Over the dancing ripples the boat glided calmly along. 4. A franc is a piece of money used in France. 5. Queen Mab elects her people, so fairy stories say. 6. How Flola dare do such a thing is a marvel to me. LAURA DOKE. 2o, Weslclfje Road, Birkdale Park, (Aged 12.) Southlort. HEAD CHANGE. OMPLETE, I am a word meaning to discover ; change my head and I am the will ; again, and I become a female deer; again, and I am the skin of a fruit; again, and I become humane; again, and I am a current of air ; once more, and I am to confirm.
DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. WO pleasant fruits will surely meet your view If primals are read down, and finals too. 50 & ape. so0 & top. xor & sleep. zoo & not H. 53 & mat. L. M. WYNCIIl. 5, Everett Terrace, Walton-on-Naze. MENTAL HISTORICAL SCENE. UST as day begins to dawn, an army is seen approaching a small river separating two countries. Its leader, a man of stately and noble appearance, is gazing with a sorrowful countenance into the little stream. After a while he speaks to one of his generals who is standing by him, then plunges in, saying, "The die is cast," followed by his army, who, having passed the river, soon reach a small town of which they make themselves complete masters. EDWARD T. OWEN. (Aged 12.) Crowhmarsk, near lVallingford, Berks. FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. HE plural of an animal and part of the mouth. 2. A colour and a thing that tinkles. 3. A cunning animal and a part of dress. 4. A beautiful flower and a girl's name. 5. What is made from cream and an article used to drink out of. 6. A spice and a consonant. BEATRICE MARY PITT. Edmonton Terrace, Albert Road, (Aged xi.) Southsea.