:.Ou friend Wei KXrPToN to.day takes the lead in, the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. No. 1.
-m a wonderful body, no doubt yos're aware, There's not one in this world that with me can compare. Busybodies there may be, with that I agree, But seek for the busiest, you'll soon come to me! I lighten the labours of every one- The father and mother, the 'daughter and son :; And yet these same people will often complain 'Tis through me they are working in very great pain. I'm not a great trav'llor, yet really I mean That every part of the world I have seen. Your sailors go round the earth quickly, you say, but the journey with me occupies but a day. With all this exertion my power I keep; 1 never am tired, and never need sleep: Without me not a solit'ry body could live, Yet I oft cause the end of the life that I give. If you read with great care the foregoing rhyme, The answer you'll find in a very short time; 'And trusting the subject is pleasing to you, I'll take my departure, and wish you adieu. WAL KIMPTro. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Gross Words. Y ou'll find a kind of coin concealed here, O ne that has long gone out of use, I fear; U nder this name a puzzle oft is seen, 1N ext week, no doubt, you'll see the same, I ween; Gentle reader, please to mind the same, F or next, when right, will be a weaver's frame: O ur youth was charmed byithis one's tragic story, L, eft lorn, yet loved by Bluebeard grim and gory; K indly give this when in your power, S con may you need it from a shower; W e all have got some of my next to bear, EB ach may vary, yet all have got a share; B ight syllables containing this implies; K oeep up good fires if the winds here r'se; L oud and long this sounds in rocky glen, Y ou mayhave heard it.far from haunts of men; B rave officer this, who men commands, U nknown to fear if called to foreign lands; D ear reader, you will do my next, no doubt, G ive it attention, you'll soon find it out. Foundation Words. B nchanting tale my firsts and finals tell T hat to the F. F. B. belongs-farewell. J. MYERn, Dalton-in-Furness. CHARADES. No. 3. Part of my frame for first; A plaything for my second; A winter's sport my whole-will show, If I have rightly reckoned. J. T. H., Sheffield Park. No. 4. One lovely autumn afternoon, Young Tom and second left their home; Soon into the woods they came, There-delightfully to roam. Berries shining ripe and black On the bramble-bushes hung, Many a first most temtingly Hid the hazel-boughs among. Jane (our cook) the other day SA pudding made for us of rice, And on the top a sprinkling put Of whole; to make it very nice. S. LOTTr W., Brighton. - CROSS PUZZLE. No. 5. A welcome article That every one knows, If downwards you read, Centrals will disclose. First is the guilty woman who Did Adam to his fall pursue. Cricketers my second use, Not many boys will it refuse. My third's the Briton's staple drink, Although teetotallers from it shrink. My fourth the nation's wealth contains, To keep it peers do not disdain. Doubtless, in February bleak, Fifth's brought blushes to your cheek. This battle o'er the French was won By King Edward's warlike son. Of many this hath been the bane, Tens of thousands it has slain. Next's a model of industry, A busier thing you ne'er will see. A marshal of France will be.my last, Who won renown in times long pasr. T. HI JAoxsoN, London, METAGRAMS. No. 6. A verb in the past tense ifyou change head, What we all possess you'll have instead: JOHN o' GAUNT, Tutbury. No. 7. My whole is found where churches are; Change head, and younwill see A place where crimin!is arekept ". Quite safe by look and key ; ., Change head again, it wilFdisclose A Christian name, I trow ; 3r' . Change head once more, and this, you'll see, 'To barter is, I.know; . Once more change head, and then, I ween, You'll see a place to drink; But mnind, whene'pr you'pass that way, Don't go too near the brink. W.A. WILLIAIs, Neath.
TRANSPOSITION. No: 8. ' No. My whole.is sing at Christmas When hearts are full-of:glee; Transpose, and yoa'l1have a substane- Found growing In the sea. H. BEYNON, BristoL DECAPITATIONS.. No. 9. A well-known-fish" if-you behead, A word for listen you'll have instead; Behead again, and'then, I ween, What saved people's lives will be seen, A-ON. No.10. The cost of goods in this you'll see; Behead, a useful grain 'twill be; Once more behead, and if I'm right, A frozen substance comes to sight. LOTrY W., Brighton, REBUS. No. .1..
C JoHNsoN, London. ACROSTIOC No. 12. ' ross TWoyds. In Afric's gloomy forests, first Is often heard, I ween; My next's a harmless animal,1 In Switzerland 'tis seen; My third outrbrave Sir Jack was chlled, My fourth you should not be; My fifth's a town in Italy, That stands close by the sea; My sixth a colour is, I trow, - 'Tis neither black nor red; My seventh a brave exploreris, He found my whole, 'tis said; My eighth an English river is,-. 'Tis known to you quite well, Large vessels on its waters float; My ninth's a-kind of smell; Sot tenth put down a county that Should be well known to you; My last's a 'lird that soars aloft, So now,-my friends, adieu. - oundation TPord. Read down my primals-there you'll find A hero good and brave; To benefit his native lanud His life he freely gave. W. A. WILLIAia, Neath, GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 13.
' ANON. `PUZZLS. ANON - No. 14.. One-fourth of colt, One-fourth of bolt, And then one-fifthi of petal; One-half of pear, One-fourth of rare, Will name a useful metal. J. PARISH. No.15. - One-third of lie, One-third of. die, And now one-fourth of vine; - One-fourth of year, One-fourth bs rear, And nextis found in pine; One-third bf.row, One-third'of doe,, And.last you'll find in ine. , If these letters you corrctly. spell, The name of 'a city they' will tell. CURTAILMENT.^ ..,i' - . No.~16. . This names; I ween, . A character of Shakespeare's plays; . - Curtailed; isseen- " A city which oft won much prase In very old and famous days.r `" ' -"'_.SrLVEIiSPEAR.i
AOROSTCiAL DIAMOND PIUZZLSi nd' sth . .O ome,.ye',Budgedtriddlers all, SAnd/solv dthei diamond square You soon t answermnust recall' If you peruse with care, A glance at iirat wiluquickly tell That Joy does it:pbssess; An animal you know full well Now easily, you'll guess. R evealed now.to your gaze is here Aword well known to, you; This form of Pwater doth appear To intercept your view. a very boy.these moments hail To read our. Y. P.B. Perusing, too, this splendid tale Soon fills them all-with glee. A nothe niame for fields, my friends Is this, you now behold ; A pretty plant that Christmas sends, Its name need not be told. D elightful, a refreshling cup Of next,'Imust'confess ; And lastly, Justtofiiisli up, Inscrib0 one-third of yes. C entrals, read across and down, A. splendid tale will name R elatedby onq o renown; S very sparkof .famile Attend his efforti to amuse; 'D elighted we his tales peruse. WAL KIDarTo. S LOGORtaPHs. As I a street;was walkingthrough, A whiolp in it I chaniiced to see; A beast'whith isewell-ktoiwn to you -As wellas me.- .. A centre substitute, and then . .efore your gaze will come a place In which dwell'nearly. all the men " Ofhis our race.' Behead, a river will appear, In England truly it runs through; And as the end of this is here, I'll bid adlei" 19. SILVERSPEAR, A.No.19. 19 My first you cannot say. is old,' . ' is sqmething fiesh, ao I=ve been told; Roverse, and you at times will see That I upon the.eye may boe. M. y. next as old is mostly seen, A palace fitfor king or queen ; I oft hi lonely grandeur stand, A noble.ruii in-the land: My whole's a canny-nioithern. town, A seaport, too, as you sWill own. W.. GARBUTT, JUN., Darlington. E-IOETRAL DEIrETIONS. No. 20. .: . From.an officer ofJ. Jutice The centre now del ete - You then will hale complete. J. MYERS,'Dalton-in-Furness. . No. 21., If you oentral'delete, from.whan means to beat, A body' of water you'lhliave complete. S .: . " H.BEYNON, Bristol. SOM-EGRAM, ' . N 22., A river in England if you change tail, A'rivei in Ireland you llhav.e without fail; Ch ange tail again, andiif arightt S--A part of:the body will be brought to sight. "; .! . ROBINSOo. ANSWERS TO RIDDES, ho., OF LAST WEEr 1.-StIream; bream, scream, 18.-Hoist, host. dream, ream. " 17.--Whip, hip. 2. Armagh. aThus: Arthur, 18.--Grape; rape, ape. Robin; Mouse, A m, Goose, 19.-Copal, opal House.. " 20.-Hale, al ,lea. 3=-Sheep-dog. - .-Glance, lance, cane, cau. 4.--Tan-gent " 5 .--Janiibjam, jay, lag, jaw, 2- A A 8 jar. . DAN 6.--oldenwings, He xen- L Y hammer. L 7.-Hope, hop, ho ! ILL I NE R Y 9Reel leer. -ALISBURY 10 -An emnpty -cask needs - ED INB U R GI minany.hoops. - r U 11. ;Kate,teak . 12.-Aw law. / T Y IS M:- iusle (ni ssel). 14.-Dovercourh / . 15.-Bread,' brad! i 28.-- nail in a shoe. 24.- B.I RD 25b lE A Ri L 2B.-LEAIP IDEAJ ALOE ENVY R EAR 1. O.M; , .- AVER -DARK .LEEK. . PYRE