OUR HOLIDAY PAGE.
THn present number of the JOURNAL is issued midway between Christmas and the New Year. We would therefore, while the joyousness of Christmas 1867 still lingers, anticipate 1868 with a hearty greeting to our friends, of a " HAPPY NEw YEAR ! " trusting that among all other wished for blessings a bright sky, with the elements in happy medium, may gladden all upon that general holiday, Le Jour d'An. New Year's Day-according to a happy custom-is the period for re- viving waning friendships and cementing broken ones. Let all remember this, and suffer by-gones, if they have been unpleasant ones, to be by- gones. The business of the season is CHEERFULNESS; cultivate it sensibly and with a will, and the seed will germinate a thousand-fold, bringing forth a perennial succession of welcome crops to gladden all ranks of society. PUZZLES. A SIAN went to market and bought two fish, When he reached home, he found they were the same as when he had bought them; yet there were three. How was that? IN a garden once lay the most beautiful maid That ever appeared 'neath the sun; The first day of her life she became a man's wife, But she died before she was born. ARITHMETICAL QUESTION.-An insolvent has good debts to the amount of £458 18s. Id., and the following bad debts, namely £360 7s. 10d., £120 13s., and £10 18s., for which he receives respectively 4s., 5s., and Os. in the pound. His own liabilities amounted to £3,408 12s. How much can he pay in the pound? A PERSON bought a basket of apples at two a penny, and another basket, containing the same number, at three a penny. He put the lot together, and sold them at five for twopence; but upon counting his money he found he had lost fourpence. How many were there in each basket ? CONS. FOR THE MILLION. WHEN is a dressmaker doing work for the Evil one ?-When she is making satin (Satan) dresses. WHY is a gardener a man to be pitied ?-Because he can't get on with- out the dibble. Wry is a young lady's head-dress worth just six shillings?-Because it is only a crown and a bob. WHAT is the difference between a schoolmaster and. an engine-driver ? -One trains the mind and the other minds the train. WHY is an eldest son above his father ?-9Because the latter is the head of the family, and the other is his heir. How shoulcld a miller address his lady-love ?-In floury language, of course. WHY is love like a canal boat ?-Because it is an internal transport. WHAT flower would be the best to marry ?-Mari-gold. WnH are suicides the most successful people in the world ?-Because they always accomplish their ends. WHY sho110ul1d a man wear a watch when he travels in a waterless dessert ?-Because every watch has a spring in it. IF a bear went into a draper's shop what would bruin require ? -Muzzling (muslin). You eat me, you drink me, deny it who can. I'm sometimes a woman, and sometimes a man !-A Toast. TRICKS FOR THE EVENING. PUT a glass of wine under a hat on the table, and offer to wager that you will drink the wine without lifting tihe hat; then get under the table and commence smacking your lips. On rising you will say Y Ynu don't know how that was done," upon which some one will lift up the' hat to see; you then take the glass, and drink the wine without having lifted the hat. THE CHANREAPBLE RosE.-Takc a common full-blown rose, and 11 aving thrown some powdered sulphur' 111)011upon a shovelful of live coals, expose the rose to the vapour ; by this means the rose will become white, but on being held under water it will resume its former colour. RIDDLE. THREE letters do compose my name; Read forward, backward, I'm the same; Without my aid it is a doubt If you could find this riddle out. RE B U S. Entire, I'nm a fish that's found in the sea; Behead, I am now a neat feminine name; Behead and transpose, I'm likely to be A beverage relished h- many a dame.
CHARADES. If you add 5 to 5, my first will be made; My second to form, ONE must come to your aid; "I see it ! "' you say. Then I'll take up my next, And will try to make you somewhat more perplexed; I'll state that my third is the grand pioneer, As friendship we form, this world's best chevalier; And my last is of life the soft gentle close, Bidding farewell to care, as it ends in repose. My wzhole is a treasure most men seek to gain, As a bliss for their home, a balm for their pain. I An a tragic lady of 9 letters to my name. My 5, 8, 1 was the work of 7, 8, 2 ho 6, 9, 4, 2 my 3, 9, 1 lord 4, 2, 5, 6, 6, 2 a fair 4, 2, 6, 7, 8, and in a 6, 9, 4 6, 7, 7, 1, my 6, 7, 9, 8, 3 were 5, 81, 2, 4; I was 1, 5, 9, 4, and no 8, 7, 8, 3, 5, 8, 3, 1. ENIGMAS. 1. Some persons hate me, Some in me delight; My being's wholly lost If once I'm brought to light. 2. I AM a word of letters three, As small a noun as you will see, And yet I count within my store A thousand learned men or more; At mouths of harbours, mark me well, You'll find me with a heavy swell; In swe test song I'm knovn to be, And kitchen fires are close to me; I'm found in taverns, and at nigiht I hold your windclow-shutters tight; How various then my tasks must be How many things depend on me ! For know, I can, inclined to strife, Prevent your getting on in life. 3. I Alr in water, but not in land; I'm in the head, but not the hand; I'm on a height, but not a hill; I'm in a stream, but not a rill. I'm proud of being everywhere, Look well; you'll find me often there. BOUTS RIMES. BOUTS rinmts, or rhyming terminations, are, as their name implies, a French invention. They are still an interesting and intellectual amuse- ment of many circles. Indeed the best that we have met with were composed at a' quiet family party, by a gentleman well-known in the literary world. An exceedingly clever and curious compound of the acrostic and bouts rinis was written by Bogart, a young American poet, who had so extra- ordinary a facility in composing inipromlpta verses, that some persons suspected he prepared the pieces beforehand. To test the fact, it was proposed, at a literary re-union, that he should write down the letters forming the name of LYDIA KANE, then the reigning belle of the city, and as these letters would afford as many lines as a stanza of " Childe Harold,"'' that that work should be opened and a stanza taken at random, of which the last word of each line was to form the bouts rmnes of the acrostic. Bogart assented to this singular proposition, asserting that he could perform the difficult feat in ten minutes. The stanza that chance allotted was the following: And must they fall ? the young, the proud, the brave, To swell one chief's unwholesome reign ? No step between submission and a grave ? The rise of rapine and tile fall of Spain ? And doth the power that nman adores ordain Their doom, nor heed the suppliant's appeal ? Is all that desperate valour acts in vain? And counsel sage, and patriotic zeal, The veteran's skill, youth's fire, and manhood's heart of steel. Bogart, taking pen in hand, wrote the following stanza, fulfilling the conditions of the proposition just within the time he announced L ovely and loved, o'er the unconquered brave Y our charms resistless, matchless girl, shall reign, D ear as the mother holds her infant's grave, I in Love's warm regions, warm, romantic Spain. A nd should your fate to court your steps ordain, K ings would in vain to regal pomp appeal, A nd lordly bishops kneel to you in vain, N or Valour's fire, Law's power, nor Churchman's zeal E ndure 'gainst Love's (time's up) untarnished steel. TaHE well-known song sung by the wine-excited schoolmaster in O'Keefe's clever comedy. commencing " Amo amas. I love a lass." with
its dog-latin chorus, proves how laughable sheer nonsense may be some- times made: " Horum corum, sunt divorum Harum scarum divo; Tag-rag, merry-derry, periwig and hatband, Hio hoc horum genitivc." GOLDEN MOTTOES. Vain Man's .. Win Gold and wear it. Generous Man's .. Win Gold and share it. Mliser's .. .. Win Gold and spare it. Profligate's .. Win Gold and spend it. Pawnbroker's .. Win Gold and lend it. A Fool's .. .. Win Gold and end it. A Gambler's .. Win Gold and lose it. Wise Man's .. Win Gold and use it.