Our friend H. V. BARWELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words. When in the " Riddle Tourney" I Take primals, with delight I cry; I love to think that soot so high Poor me is truly won by. But if I fail to fill a place, My heart's like finals; with no good grace, I pull a wry and ugly face, And fancy I'm hard done by. Cross Words. My first what a plain is will quickly proclaim. Spell it backwards or forwards you'll find it the same. My next means before, when you've found out the name, Spell it backwards or forwards you'll find it the same. In third you will quickly detect a girl's name, Which backwards or forwards read is still the same; To murder's a dark last and desperate game ; Spell it backwards or forwards you'll find it the same. H. V. I3BARWELL, Kennington.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 2. a . l I
ACROSTICAL NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. M essrs. Kelly and Batchelor, Gafney and Price, A lso Barwell (whose riddles are all very nice), R. Grant, and Maud Barton, J. Charles, P. M'Call, I'm happy to see you, and welcome you all. O h, Platts, I beg pardon I I won't forget you. N ow, Binstead and Hemery, how do you do ? L et me think. Hallo, Lumsden II see you are there. T hen where is Miss Lottie ? But echo says, " Where ?" A nd Miss Annie Stanton, I don't see you here; Y ou're going to desert us, I very much fear. L et's see-any more P Yes, the Brothers O'Connor. O h, Scales, I'd forgot you ! I had, 'pon my honour I R ed Dragon-dear me I do not make such a noise. R est assured you'll be mentioned, you quarrelsome boys. O h, where's our Scotch Lassie? I've searched, but in vain. C ome, Hope, shall we never behold you again ? K itchner, Saunders, and Ridley. are all widely known. F red. Taylor-ah, Fred, you're a genius, I'll own I E. Baxter, you've earned all the laurels you've won. R eaders all, I now think that this riddle is done; R eally sorry am I that adieu must be said- Y our true and sincere brother riddler, Fred. F. R. COULSOe. REVERSION. No. 4. A colour far from bright My first will bring to light; But if reversed, you cannot fail to find Another word for poet. I'm sure you all must know it' At once, dear friends, the answer call to mind. W. H. BIRD, Holloway. LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. An implement of war I mean, A kind of crooked sword, I ween; Behead, transpose, a beast is seen By you. Behead this last, ye riddlers gay, And you will see, as clear as day, Part of the human frame, I say Adieu. KINDEResRTEN, Frizington.
CHARADE. No. 6. Forfirst a Christian name please find, And it will bring before your mind A Young Folks hero, bold and brave, Of whom we youths are wont to rave. But, then, if you will farther search, You'll find my second's not in perch; But you will find'that it's in yard, And not in soft, but found in hard. Then if you please to find this bird, Which very truly is my third, And if you'd know where it is found, I'd say in woods it does abound. The answer, when it's found by you, Will bring before your wond'ring view A dreadful weapon that is used By Indians all, and much abused. DE-MosTHenZs. ENIGMA. No. 7. I'm large or I am very small, Or, if you like, I'm not at all; You'll find me either round or square, Or black, or blue, or very fair. B. MorreosEar.
Tea. METAGRAM. No. 8. As Tom was coming first from school He saw some apples round and red; He gazed at them. " I'd be a fool, If I should not take next," he said. Of apples he had got but two, When showers of blows came from behind. Who dealt them? Well, he only knew They were not dealt in manner kind. Poor Tom I what could he do but groan, For every blow increased the pain P ' Oh, don't I" he cried. " What's not my own I'll ne'er attempt to take again." And here the rough old gardener Left off, and spoke, in accents gruff : " Next time you third, beware, young sir. Just now, I hope, you've had enough." ALEX S., Glasgow. DECAPITATION. No. 9. My first's a little animal, By nature very shy; From out his hole he watches you, With little sparkling eye. Take off his head, an English stream 'Twill bring before your sight, Whose waters, clear and lucid, are The fisherman's delight. Behead once more, and let us hope That I shall be of third. And now, dear friends, I'll leave to you To guess the complete word. R. DoUGLAs, Bury. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. "Can you show me the village inn?" I asked a boy at play. "Oh, yes, sir I" quickly he replied; "And I will lead the way." Over the green he led me, Through the dale below, Running and laughing gaily As onward we did go. The village inn was reached at last; A shilling I gave the boy. It must have been a deal for him- He jumped for very joy. VEnTo.. SQUARE WORDS. No. 11. In the strength of our first Old England relies, Never fears foreign foes or invasion; My second in houses is seen underground, For which there is surely occasion; My third, in its movements, I'm sorry to say, Is never for long quite decided; My last in the watch, when I was a " tar," To me my old shipmate confided. LucY MULLEN. REVERSION. No. 12. Come, all ye puzzlers, and try My puzzle to find it put. First you will a fish descry- Of that there's not a doubt. If you'll please to turn it round, You'll see what doesn't mean Good. Now, this con. will be found Out easily, I ween. W. D. PIxoCaan.e CHARADES. No. 13. My primal is an act, you'll see; -My second will a pronoun be; My whole upon a bird you'll find. Now, please, the answer bring to-mind. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. No. 14. My first will anger be; And England is my second ; My whole a country is, If I have rightly reckoned. No. 15.. H . My first is oft carried about in the hand; My next is used by smokers in every land; Striving to earn a living in the street, Playing a total, a man you will meet. P. N. GangHr, Dublin,