OUR PUZZLE PAGE.
RIDDLE-ME-REE. U Y first is in black, but not in white " My second is in dark, but not in light ; hly third is in sight, but not in seen; My fourth is in king, but not in queen; S My fifth is in night, but not in day; My sixth is in mete, but not in weigh; My sevenlh is in hour, but not in year; My eighth is in lance, but not in spear. On the coast of Sussex my whole you'll see, So now I'll end my riddle me-ree. LILIAN MURRAY JOIINSTONE. National Bank HIouse, (Aged 12i.) Caupar, J' i'. KNIGHT'S TOUR QUOTATION. 'HE following " Knight's Tour" consists of a verse from one of Longfellow's poems, and commences with the word " And," in the top left-hand corner :- And Through grows the approach fiery west of flJor. l;Mars morning, now, the the in upon red as vapours, ocean behold ! gross the Down at MARY H. G(l's. Eckington Rectory', Cheste,ield. (Aged i t.) HIDDEN PROVERB. N each of the following quotations from Tennyson (except one, in which there are two words) one word of the proverb is hidden. " If you're waking call me early, call me early, mother dear, For I would see the sun rise on the glad New Year. It is the last New Year that I shall ever see." The .1 /ay ()ueen, New Year's iEve. " But oh for the touch of a vanished hand, And the sound of a voice that is still." Break, Break, Break. " But, Alice, what an hour was that When after roving in the woods." The Miller's DaugLhtr. " You ask me why, though ill at ease, Within this region I subsist." You ask me.
" One willow over the river wept, And shook the wave as the wind did sigh." The Dying Swan. " Slowly comes a hungry people, as a lion creeping nigher, Glares at one that nods and winks behind a slowly dying fire." Locks/cy HaIl. 'IThe stream flows, The wind blows, The cloud fleets, The heart beats, Nothing will die." fuvenilla. " I had great beauty ; ask thou not my name. No one can be more wise than destiny." .1 Dream qs lair I fnomcn. " There was no motion in the dumb, dead air, Not any song of bird or sound of rill. .1 Drcaam f lair II "onen. " And he turned, and I saw his eyes all wet in the sweet moonshine, 'Sweetheart, I love you so well that your good name is mine.' " The Grandmo//wr. JANi. FREAN.. 7he Orchard, Blacklcatlh. (Aged 14·.) OCTAGON PUZZLE. HEII: most Southern point of South ;\nmerica. 2. A tributary of the Orinoco. 3. A palace in Madrid. 4. A town in France. 5. A town in Egypt. 6. An English lake. 7. A town of Germany. 8. A seaport of India. 9. A mountain of South Victoria. Io. Another name for Jupiter. The above form an octagon, and beginning from the top left-hand corner and reading to the right all round it names eight geographical places :-ist, The most southern point of South America ; and, A river in Egypt; 3rd, A lake of Scotland ; 4th, A river of Scotland ; 5th, The isthmus that divides Africa from Asia; 6th, One of the Philippine islands; 7th, Some mountains of Russia ; 8th, A river of Germany. CAROLINE M. HA\.EI.L. (Aged I6.) 8, Castle St'eeC, Farnhaam, Strri'y. SINGLE ACROSTIC. I-HE initials give the name of a town in England famed 1 for earthenware. I. A great poet. 2. An instrument to measure heat. 3. One who foretells events by the stars. 4. A stringed instrument of music. 5. A ship of war. 6. A shell-fish. 7. A fox. 8. Weights used for exercise. LAURA WIHITEIIEAD. 23, Queen S/reet, Cheste~/ield. (Aged r31.)