Our friend HENRY Ar1Ms to-day takes the lead in the RIDiLE TOURNAMENT. NARlRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 1.
To be a great scholar, Pm sorry to state, Is a wish very far from possessing my mind; And puzzling at school, with my pencil and slate, Over brain-breaking sums, very irksome I find. How glad a caged bird from its wire gaol set free ! With like joy I expand when school lessons are o'er; Nor least of the boons it bestows upon me Is to quaff the sweet breeze of the meadows once more. I say not a word of the thrill that I feel Out of school when I chance by an orchard to stray, For boys believe apples were made but to steal. Ah, and don't they eat luscious when got in that way P At home there are books, too, more pleasing to read Than the master provides me in school to peruse; School books, in their way, may be useful indeed, But they're dry, and good tales I would much rather choose. I know a fine book all Young Folks should obtain, Whose uppearance hebdomadal gladly I hail; I read it not once, but again and again, So amusing it is, and it never grows stale. I fear that these lines may seem rambling a bit- Anyhow, it is time my reflections were closed; So hunt for a word in the verses I've writ, Which you ought to discover quintup!y transposed. H~Eurv ADAMS. METAGRAM. No. 2. Ah, once unto me my fair cousin did say, " The first let us seek ere the dawning of day; Let us glide o'er the waves to some isle far away, And picnic together. Oh, do not say nay ! The cook's hands her treasures will yield me alone, And I a nice second will third with my own. All the dainties that grow, from the south to the north, From our pantry, you know, if I like, I may fourth." It was hard to refuse when beneath the keen eye Of her father, who, smiling and silent, stood by ; So, seeing me falter, she gave me no rest- " I know you will come, as my cousin and guest." And, pale and uneasy, to her I replied, To-morrow I'd come o'er the primals so wide. Ah, red,haired Aurora next'morn came too soon ! How I wished, as we rose, that the sun was the moon ! But at last, after lagging and purposed delay, With my pale-looking cousin I dashed through the sprny. Though I wished, as it foamed from the prow of our buat k. That the mischief had got my fair cousin so dark, For her clenched teeth, and tight lips, and gleaming, de,"l eye, And her pale face a storm showed unpleasantly nigh. But my tremors I stilled, and my fears I put by, Till naught tias around us but water and sky, And no word yet had passed from the lips of us two, While I wondered, in silence, what proud Maud would du ; That she owed me a grudge was unpleasantly true, And I knew the offence I must bitterly rue. With some mistletoe I'd met my cousin one day, Of my dire scheme unconscious as she stood in my way ; Halfa dozen she had, with " Don't mention it, pray !" Ere from my embrace she could struggle away. Though speechless with fury, I knew by her look For my joke she'd have vengeance, by hook or by crook. Now, alone with her yrey, she her hatred would hurl- But a thought reassured me, " She's only a girl !" Then I stand in the stern, as some land I espy, When I reel from a push, give a snatch and a cry; In the primal I splashed, snatch and cry all no good, While sweet Maud in the boat, grimly watching me, stood. Then the boat, with a wind, drew away from me fast, While, dogged and silent, I swam in its last- But it still hovered near, with my hopes still would play, And still went on, or stooped as the breeze died away, And a curl in her lip, and a fiend in her eye, With a pitiless face, my dear cousin stood by. Then my limbs they grew helpless, my clothes clung like lead, And the waters soon closed and grew dark o'er my head. But just as in the last death-struggle I seem, I last, and I find it has all been a dream.. " A dream, and a silly one," quickly say you; And I, with apology, echo it too. WOODENT CHERLIKETERNOE. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 3. My first you'll find in hedge or mead, 'Tis likewise part of every steed; All sportsmen carry this, you know, When in pursuit of game they go; The knight he fought with next and shield, And bravely did those weapons wield; For fourth you'll have not far to seek, They're found in Young Folks ev'ry week; This luscious fruit, so soft and sweet, Whiqh boys and girls all like to eat; This is a town to all well known, On England's map 'tis clearly shown; Now, last you'll find in skate and rink, Also in skip, in skin, and sink. Centrals, read down aright, will name A well-known Irish town of fame. W. G. FIxa&Y, Kinsalo. NUMERICAL CHARADE. No. 4. To pen you a riddle, once more I sit down, Dear riddling friends, witty and sage; A riddler renowned in my total is shown, Whose cons. oft embellish this page. My 3, 4, 2, 5 is an implement small That steers noble ships o'er the sea; 8, 4 to your mind will a pronoun recall; A grain my 7, 8, 6 will be. My 8, 6, 2, 2 is a hideous sound, Disagreeable and harsh to tear; 5, 4,1, 6, 7 will a measure expoed; In 2, 8, 4 a noun will appear. An instrument 2, 8, 7,6 will conceal, Its musical strains I admire. Strive earnestly, friends, my wh'ole to reveal. Farewell; it is all I require. J. G. L BAxnRT.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. " Well, here I am, kept in again I! To make the best of it, it's plain That I must set to work and try." Here Master Harry heaves a sigh, For in the distance he can hear The joyonus first, the deaf'ning cheer Of boys who now enjoy their play, Whilst he must in the schoolroom stay. "Ah, me I" he says, " hard is my fate !" With that he bends down o'er his slate, But, as his sums will not come right, He throws it down with all his might, Exclaiming, " I don't see it fair, And I won't do these sums, so there I! They next me up here ev'ry day, Whilst all the others go and play." CONCORDIA.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 6. -I E. L. DUNAND. TRANSPOSITION. No. 7. For first you have not far to seek, For they're in Young Folks every week j But if transposed aright by you, A kind of stone 'twill bring to view. J. G. BnaSHUT. MONOPHONE. No. 8. ,o Is that the first of suit you wear ?" Said I to cousin Will. " It is," said he; " but great, I fear, Will be my tailor's bill." As through the fields we strolling went, We had to cross a second; It neither cracked, nor broke, nor bent, A kind of step 'twas reckoned. M. FABLANQUrF, Bradford. CURTAILMENT. No. 9. A kind of root, if you procure, And cut its tail away. It will disclose an insect sure. Tell me its name, I pray. DEMOSTHE'ES.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 10. U1CcAS. SMESOSTICH. No.11. Foundation Word. He showed by his brush the rich fertility Of human brains when aided by ability. Cross Words. 1. How many a one has nothing gained but this; 2. Let it not o'ershadow any day of bliss; 3. By many a man'tis honourably borne; 4. All that's this treat ever with your scorn; 5. Gain this by naught but meritorious deeds; 6. Grow not withthis, rank discontentment's weeds; 7. A sort of middllng.class official, Sometimes scholastic,and sometimes judicial. A. H. ScuA ss. LOGOGRIPH. No. 12. I ama apretty flower's name; If you in two divide the same, And take my latter half away, A colour I shall then display. Mr msTo.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 13. Introduction. Miss LorrzE, F. TATLOR, H. PRICE, p. C J. CnaLEs, RED Daicoa, B. COVULos;, and all, I'm greatly afraid that this con. is too plain And the answer you'll guess, 1'll bet a book, fain. Foundation Words. Ah, primals fair, thine is indeed a glorious fae, And I'm sure all Young Folks will e'er revere thy np The perusal of your cons. afford me pleasure, f And I make it point to read them at my leisure. Oh, finals so jolly, thy fame is increasing, Which is better, you'll say, than if 'twere decreasn'. In future my ygung bard, pray don't be so witty Or my sides 1 will split-that would be a pity.w Cross Words. In these columns, I have no doubt, One of this you will soon make out. With persons who are deac, I ween, This instrument is often seen. If you look into my bower, You will view this little flower. Trumpet sounding amid the strife, Bides he on, regardless of life. A famous people twice curtail, Andit will give this without fail. Now, riddlers, your clever brains tax This is painting in burnt wax. She is married, so you'll agree In saying that this she must be. P. N. GAFINEr, Dublln. ENIGMA. No. 11. I am black, I am blue, I am red, I am green, Wherever there's people by them I am seen; Wherever you are, if on land or on sea. In some shape or other, you're bound to see me. In paintings or drawings, in red or black ink, On paper or canvas you'll see me, I think; I make things look pretty, and ugly as well; I'm seen in the sea, in the deep diving-bell. In the vales, on the hills, in the meadows I'm founud In the house, in the palace, the mines underground. You solvers of riddles, your wits now do rouse, And tell this enigma, composed by a METAGRA3M. No. 15. In every house, at every door, A first I think you'll find, Of different sizes, but one use. Now call the name to mind. In dungeons deep, if you change head, A next you soon will see; Change head again-what have we here P A thing well known to me, Also to you; when you are out, You carry it, without a doubt. My last is now in much request To play a game, fair Englar d's t. SQUARE WORDS. No. 16. The firsts within this jolly book Fill me with wild delightt; I really think that I could look Upon them day and night, For all within the sheets appear So grand I feel perplexed, Yet still I'll read, and have no fear Of being seized by next. A third is very sure to come Before a mighty storm ; The warning's clear, we all rush home, And then opinions form. Some are right, and others wrong; Their varied thoughts are cast Aside, and soon there comes alown A man conveying last. W. D. pln: r. i CHARADE. No. 17. A first beneath an oak tree sitting, Dreamed and thought of peace. Aught of woe and care forgetting, Pleasures soon to cease I On success though he had doted, Next of blissful ease, Soon his total vision floated Froni him on life's breeze. DECAPITATION. No. 18. My first a weapon of use will be, And then, uponmy second, The answer you must quickly see, If you have rightly reckoned. A. H. P. CONUNDRUM. No. 19. Are you good at guessing riddles ? You are l Well, we will see. Can you tell me why is Enstbonrne5 Like th' letter B or D ? H.. Lani.