Our friend FLossIE B. to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOUR~NAMENT. PALINDROME. No. 1. Now, what shall I say in my riddle to-day ? Shall it be a charade or acrostic? But stay, I've thought of a word that's the same either way, And on it I tuiuk I'll decide. Np.W, r~lleor, do{'t sigh; but to splvep m0 pray, try. Your rlddl ng propensitles quickly apply, And then what I am you can't fall t,, descry- So by my decisiun abide. And now to you all, Bunlgotiers, great and small, I want you, dear friends, to youi minds to recall What means to alled--let it nout you appal: 1}t strive what I am td surmise. There's no more,to know, sop I'1 say good-bye iqw, Andonly ivill. beg, before making my bow, Me to say a few words you'll kindly allow- Success always crowns each who tries. FLOsSIE B., Manchester. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Cross Words. On England's map my first does hap To be-it is a town ; In next you'll view what means adieu, So please to write it down. If you will glance for third o'er France, You surely will it see; The far-off north contains my fourth, A Danish isle 'twill be. A Christian name, and one of fame, Though now 'tis seldom used; A quadruped, 'tie often led By people, and abused. Foundatioan Worc. If you'd this solve, please to disolve The oi'oss words of my quill; When this is d ,no, do nut it shun, But work, however, still. A eontinent of vast extent The prinals they will show; So now, good day to you I'll say- Till again we meet, yon know. S[LVERSPEAR. ENIGMA. No. 8. Oh, would I possessed all the blessings of love, The trust of the robin, the worth of the dove, The freedom of pardon, the favour of .,race I Oh, would that these blessings would furnish the place Now vacant lor viriues of every kind I For I ai but served with a few, bear In mind. All things that are bad are created by me, Or by the do Alnion of my agency ; I cause every trouble you bear throughout life, And harbour fierce seruogles of tumult and strife. They say, when I'm steady, my master is wise, And I am a thing which he dearly should prize ; But when I am noise my master s a fool, Which shows very plainly I'm under his rule. I'm known in the college for making a noise, And often put out by the troublesome boys; For , am a teacher, and teaouers, you know, Must put up with trouble wherever they go. Your trees grow in gardens so pretty and green, And many sweet flowers are creeping between; But by a canal do my own roots auound, While various vessels are anchored around. My master takes me to a far-distant clime, The land of the maple, the locust,'and lime, Aid there makes me boast of an isle o'er the sea, Informing the slaves 'tis the land of the free. Yet, be you aware, if a falsehood I teo, I may be consigned to a desolate cell; But never aloje, for I really declare My master must be my cohabitant there. Yu see, dgarist reader, I've shown you the way The wrongs of myself on my master they lay' But strange it may seem, though I may no to blame, Y~t he is the arrogaqt cause of the same. I inoiyi, when at Christmas the green holly-ho 'Was twined with the boughs of the sweet mistletoe, You listened to storie-, played many a game; For lots of kind friends and acqnuinlances came. Sor had you a pleasure your love to repay, If on that glad season I vanished away. J. G. LuusDEN, DOUBLE ACROSTIO. No. 4. JFoundation Words. What makes our little Bobby cry, And pgkg his finger in hi§ eye, When nine e.m. is drawing nigh ?- My primal. Who causes little Bob to qugko, And in his tiny shoes to shake, While sobbing o'er that dread mistake I- My final. Crqg Words. A cheat, who rules the world of fools, And puts fair truth to shap ; Enthroned in State, with power elate, Behold a Royal dame. An English town of wide renown, Where Saxon arms recoiled; Tli duinty paste udst hiti my taste, Though neither baked nor boiled. Ma raised a squall when in the hall ShBe ~iw me slily this Her sixth so.fair, whom then and there She sternly did dismi's La Bow. OMEGRAM. No. 6. A fairy am I; 'gut kfndly change tnil, And then, without fail, A tiee rou'll descry. The change please repeat, And then, it is clear, A species of deer You'll have quite complete. FRaD TAYLOR.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 6. Now from a kind of proverb The centre, riddler, cleave, To cripple, or to mutilate, If rightly done. 'twill leave. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness. DECAPITATION & No. 7. What is good for food if you behead, What we do with the same you'll have instead. POT HOOK. No. 8. If you my whole will please behead, Part of a whip you'll find instead; And when again of head bereft, A curtain tree will still be left. In whole, I must think that you'll see without fail A most laughable man in a famed Budget tale. W. M. A.. Hereord. PROVERB REBU& No. 9. C. B. GORRINGE. REVERSION . No. 10. A hnma5 t.ng's name is whole: But if you will reverse, I'm sure a Swedish river You may at once rehearse. S. ROBINsoN. No. IL 'Tis what your disposition is, 'Tis how you chance to feel; As willing to permit a smile Its presence to reveal, Or let the little crystal drop From 'neath those lashes steal; Reverse, oh, grief 1--oh. sorrow great In meeting such an awful fate I T. L. HaIEIERY.
GEOGRAPFHIOCAL REBUB. No. 12. CAxTON, Bradford. CURTAILMENTSB. No. 13. My whole is a kind of animal; Curtail it, and, I ween. The place wherein my whole is found Is what will then be seen. J. TROWSBALE. No. 14. Some people like to die my firsts, But that will not suit me ; I want to live a long while yet To riddle here, you see. It's not quite pleasant, you will own, To have your tail cut off But I'll submit to have it done, To show )ou t. at I'm tough. So now begin, and do it thrice, And then you'll quickly see A kind of second in the town Well-known to you and me. ' hat means to third, if you curtail, Will quickly come to sight; And then you'll see what 1 shall be, So mind and do it right. My next will be your fourth so kind, Whom, I know, you love well; If not, why, then:I'd be ashamed This answer now to tell. But now I'll leave you for awhile, So guess me, if you can; And if you do, why, then I'll say You are a clever man. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. a
CHARADES. No. 16. My first-ah, that endearing word!- Is loved by one and all ; Upon the battlefield is heard That sweetly-spoken calL My second on the boundless sea Does deadly dangers brave; But yet how many may there be Who'll meet a watery grave ? My third a weight will soon proolaim, At dockyards it is found; Pray speedily repeat the same, Te riddling " gems" profound. My whole a witch or prophetess Of olden date reveals; 'Tis said the means she did possess To break grim Future's seals. H. OLEmUE, London. No. 18. Anger is my first, I ween ; Bound about us next is seen; Kindly join the two, and then An island is my whole, I ken. H. H.L .,Chelsea. TRANSPOSITION. No. 17. The red rose is blooming upon my wild brier, Zo heart now is sore, and no eye holds a tear ; 0, rises the lark in the sky high and higher, And the breeze through the osiers the angler doth hears 0, sires of the forest, ye green, waving trees, As banners of freedom, so rise in the breeze; Thy hoar boughs yet green, and the roe's is the ease Thy shade gives in summer when roses I boar. F. W, PETIIELL. METAGRAMS. No. 18. A sensational book If you change head, A miserable cabin You'll have instead. AVANT COURIER, Hull No. 19. I am a Christian name: But if ) ou 11 change my head, An alley or a narrow streot I'm sure you'll have instead. MAY. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o.. OF LAST WEEK. I.-Row-locks. 9.-When Fortune smiles, do 2.-Love-bird. not forget to thank her. 3.-A clock. 10.-Mary, ray. 4.- S T O P P E R 11-Nose, toes. B T O N 12.-Voice. A T E 13.-Armistice. H 14 -Poop. T O R 15.-Clear, Clare. CRO W D 18.-Idol, old. S E H K I N G 17.-Peach, cheap. 18.-Somerset, Cornwall 5.-Sturgeon, surgeon. Thus : S e pt i C, OttO, 6.-Hoist, host. MineR, EdwiN, RoW, SeA, 7.-Bound, bond. EarL, TroweL. 8.-Resin, rein. 19.-Hoard, hoar.