Ourfriend J. WAKEFIELD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT'. CHARADE. No. 1.
Down by a silv'ry, rippling stream I took a walk one day, And there upon the bank I saw My first engaged in play. As further down the stream I went, I met a lady fair; And round her neck I saw my last, Transposed, a gem so rare. To find my whole, you must, my friends, Just join the two together; And an English town I'm sure you'll see, Where blood once dyed the heather. J. WaKFIELD, Manchester. HIDDEN TOWNS. No 2.-1. Change here for Dover. 2. Hy. the Eighth bad six wives. 3. The insurgents have taken Dalmatia. 4. What a beautiful eight-day clock that is! 5. Banubury is in Oxford- shire. 6. I bought that box for David.-J. GOLDING, Strat- ford. ACROSTIO, No. 3. Foundation Word. Sweet Nature I I would sound thy~raise In loudest strain and lyric lays; ; The works of God, to please all men, I'd praise with all my power of pep; They cling like ivy to my breast, My fondest hopes, the one behest ; And on a sultry summer's day My pleasures inward thoughts betray, And fills my heart with primal's love, Which time nor tide will e'er remove. Cross Words. A notable duchess, no doubt you have heard of her, Who was stolen away; and as yet not a word of her Whereabouts any one yet is acquainted with, Although bright colours we know she was painted with. In beginning the year I'll turn o'er a new one; If prospects are bright, the sooner I view one The better. This wish is sincerely a true one. Some sing an ode to Winter, To Summer, or to Spring; When owed a lot of money A different tune 'twill bring. To this through London mud and dirt, Gives to my feelings deepest hurt. This light most surely you will find To indicate a feeble mind. You may read this each day, But I strongly advise From it keep away, For death in it lies. A passing look, yet if it loving be, !Twill be enough our fondest hopes to see. G. GRANT, Bayswater. DOUBLB ACROSTICS. No. 4, A useful article is my first, 'Tis one most used by males; One of Lord Lytton's novels now, (The best of his many tales) ; The great highway between all lands, Britannia's sons' delight; A metal now of value great, I pray you bring to sight; By means of this we things behold, A blessed gift indeed ; What lions do in pain or rage, And often when they feed. Foundation Words. My primals and finals when read down will name Two Budget poets of well-deserved fame. LviI BRNA~jDO. No. 5. Foundation Words. My primals, when they're read aright, An anioent hero brings to sight; My finals also please to scan, They'll show a brave and valiant man, Cross Words. In a very old language this letter is found ; An architectural order is this I'll be bound; England's map you must search for this seaport place; On the map of Turkey this town you may trace ; A mountain in Cuinberland is this I ween; And in this, my sixth, a Scripture name's seen; Courteous this is, and a Scripture name, too; Near Dublin city this town you may view. W. COYLE, Dublin. METAGRAM.L No. 6. As I am walking down the street, The whole, an animal, I meet, Belonging to my wife; But while I look it changes head, Another animal instead Is flying for its life ; Again its head is changed, and lot A curious creature up doth go, And flits about in air; Change head again-it is too bad (I hope I am not going mad), It's perched upon my hair! Change head once more-now, grace forefend I An old and very useful friend, Lies underneath my feet; But even while I stoop to gaze The head doth change, and in amaze An Irishman I greet; Last change of head, and now I see, What little boys at school agree To say they cannot eat; They even call it " beastly," too, An ugly word-in this case true, Because it's part of meat. N. G. B., for HARRY BROWN.
VERBAL CHARADES. No. 7. My first is In jump, but not in leap; My second's in lose, but not in keep; My third is in moth, but not in bee; My last is in blind, but not in see: A boy's name will surely now come to view, If letters are properly chosen by you. ES1iTa ALGOO, No. 8. I am in flame, but not in blaze ; I am In puzzle, but not in maze; I am inknight, but not in earl; I am in woman, but not in girl; I am in yew, but not in ash; I am in leap, but not in dash; I am in hand, but not in arm; I am in barn, but not in farm; I am in band, also in sand. One letter from each, then will be seen A funny Budget tale, I ween. D. BEZLLOET. NAUTICAL REBUS. . No. 9. OGOGRIP HARRY, London. LOGOGRIPH. f ` No. 10. A luscious fruit of head bereave, And a distributing adjective it will leave; Replace as at first, and then transpose, And the reverse of dear it will disclose; Again restore, and twice curtail, And a kind of plant there'll be without fail; If you this transpose aright, An animal then will come to sight, R. GRO0,. DECAPITATION. No. 11. Riddling bards. now I'll begin To bring before your view What is surely crime or sin- I think it's known to you. But if it is of head bereft _..... Y-dWl; y vflqutokly see What often comes when autumn's left; Its name please tell to me. J,. MuRAY, LiverpooL
PROVERB REBUS, No. 12, PETER SIMPL . LOGOGRIPH. No. 13. I am a word of letters five, No doubt to name me you'll contrive i My 1, 2, 3 upon a gate, My 5, 2,1 did very late ; Till 3, 2, 5 and 1 did rise, And hid the landscape from his eyes, tWhen he his foot did 5, 4, 1 Upon the ground, and homeward run; But 3, 4,1 a sad mishap- He broke his crown and lost his cap, For stumbling in a pit he fell, Next morn my whole the tale did tell. W. G. . VERBAL CHARADE, No. 14. My first is in fame, but not in renown; My second is in nigger, bet not in clown; My third is in dark, but not in light; My fourth is in wound, but not in bite; My fifth is in kick, but not in blow ; My sixth is in high, but not in low; My seventh is in four, but not in five; My eighth is in wasp, but not in hive ; My ninth is in east, but not in west; My tenth is in visitor, but not in guest; My last is in dell, but not in vale; My whole forms the name of a Budget tale. W. DBURIY. CURTAILMENT. No. 15. A girl's name it you curtail, Another you'll have without fail. MouxAD V.
PUZZLE. No. 16. One-fourth of pool, One-fourth ai rule, And take one-fifth of power I One-third of you, One-third of two, And then one-fourth of hour. One-third of fun, One-third of gun, And then one-fourth of fork One-fourth of hole, One-fourth of pole, And then one-fourth of cork. One-fourth of sing, One-fifth of swing, Now take one-fourth of real ; One-fourth of leak, One-fourth of peak, And then one-fourth of peal. One-third of rye, One-third of buy, Now take one-fourth of hour; One-third of dog, One-third of bog, And now two-fifths of tower. Dear, riddling friends, now all of you Who would this puzzle solve, Please gather all your wits about, And don't break your resolve. And every attention pay, Each letter neat write down; And I am sure 'twill bring to view, A paper of renown. MarE JANE WALKER. METAGRAM. No. 17. A musical instrument if you change head, A river fish you'll have instead, C. A. W. ELDEIDGE, Londoe LOGOGEtIPH. No. 18. First a battle is, I'm sure ; Second wants reversing, If you want to find a thing, Which to the deserving Sometimes contains, I think, Something which they like to drink Whole is a useful thing I know, For unto us it does show The days and months as they appear Unto benighted mortals here. TaoxAs MaisHALL, Sunderlapd, DIAMOND PUZZLES. No. 19. One-third of bat is my first, I trow; My next is a kind of drink, I know; A kind of bird this brings to mind; An artist's name for this please find; A kind of bird my centre is; A daring theft is this, I wis; This word means conceit, I know; And this is a word for temper,I trow l For my last put down one-sixth of deceit, And then you'll find the diamond complete, .. -.-The centralIetters, read aright,. Bring a bird's name into sight, ARTHUR DAuL, Lelcester, No. 90. My first a consonant will be; My second names a kind of tree; For thir'd a female's name put dowal And next a well-known English town I The fifth a familiar name will be; The eith a fish caught in the sea My soeenth we all delight to hear; My eighth is a relation dear; The last we always find in snow My answer's a name we all should khd . POTH00. IQMAl WORDS. No. 21. For first put down a bird ; Second a plant will be; A beauteous flower is third; Last's found beneath the sea. SEMPER IDEM, Fountain-place No. 2S. These good initials you all love, I wis, Three hundred and sixty-five days is this ; The third Is a part of the human frame, Then a sort of fish this is sure to name. J. RIOHARDSON, Liverpool, 23.-A mark; a collection of months; to omit; at first- D. WALES, Pyle. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WHEE, 1.~-Stone. Thus: Stone, 15.-- SWORD Tones Onset, Notes, Etons. M E L O N 2.-Rhine. LE V E R 3.-Byron. Thus: Boadices, TENET Yenisel, Rome, Old, Naked. R 0 W E R 4.-Knight, night. 18.-Gun, gnu. 5.-Skate, Kate, ate. 17.-Mother, moth, Tom, me, 6.-Chair, hair, air. Rome, home, ore. 1.-Negro, Nero. I8.-Spear, pear, rape, ear, 8,- 0 19.--Charles Winfield. I E 20.-Mettle. 0 RO W N 21.-Ink. O RO U E T $2.-Door, rood, BRU I N 23.-Tool, loot. EB D 24.-Reed, deer. T 25.-Hound, pound, round, 9.-Sugar-cane. sound. 10.--Pper, pipe, pip, 25.-Damson, melon, peach, 11.-Grain, grin. orange. 12.-Labrador. 27.- N E W S 13.-Thou-sands. E M I T 14.-A burnt child dreads the W I D E fire. S TEW .8,- Thou art no lingerer in monarch's hall; A Joy thou art, and a wealth to all; A bearer of hope unto land and sea- S unbeam ; what gift has the world like thee