Our friend F. W. BINSTEAD to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. In ancient times, when war's grim hand The land with fear and pain did fill, Aloft was raised the burning brand, To flash my first from hill to hill. O'er seLond, wood, and dale the light Went flashing forth its lurid red, And through the stillness of the night Rose up the war-cry, harsh and dread. 'Twere out of place to argue here The justice of my totals' fame. To some of us he is not dear, Whilst others reverence his name. May He who gave his brain the skill, His hand the pow'r, to make him great, Keep in his heart the earnest will To rightly hold the helm of state. And if his thoughts are not aright, His oft.tried heart not wholly pure, May he be given strength and light To make both hand and heart more sure. F. W. BINSTEAD. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. PRIMALS. Surrounded by its moat it stands, As years ago it nobly stood, A guard 'gainst foes from foreign lands, Protector to the brave and good. Within its walls have pined and died The prisoners taken from the war, Who fought for home, their only pride; But now, alas I they'll fight no more. FINALS. Behold how its majestic towers Are seen amidst the stately trees, Where odour from the simple flowers Is mingled with the wasting breeze. Within its walls, though aged and brown, There dwells a mighty king or queen; The one who wears a nation's crowh Reigns there with high and haughty mien. Cross Words. No first of steel was on his head, Though he had fought in days gone by; His blood for England had been shed, And now he was prepared to die. Within this foreign land he'd fought, As only Englishmen can fight, His sword had much destruction wrought, For h9 was fighting in the right. No bright third sword within its case Was hanging by the vet'ran's side, No battle-axe nor ponderous mace The horse was gone he used to ride. The scarf of next was by his side, Which some fair lady had bestowed- He'd worn it, when, with thrilling pride, Into the tournament he rode. His life was fading fast away, His earthly course was nearly run; How next a time would be his stay With those with whom renown he'd won ! A parting last of her he loved, A sigh, a moan, and all is o'er; His love for England having proved, He lies at rest for ever more. H. V. BaBWELL. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 3. Slowly the sun.rays rise o'er the landscape, Slowly the shades of night recede; Lightly the hunter leaps from his night-couch, Lightly he springs upon his steed; He raises a horn to his laughing lip, And forth, as he blows it, his comrades trip; With bay of the hound, and with snap of whip, They meet in the dew.clad mead. Hoarsely the horn's note strikes on the still air, Hoarsely the dog's deep howl extends, Loudly the nag's neigh o'er hill and dale rolls, Loudly the hunter's shout ascends, As made is the start, and, with sprightly bound, Away dashes horse, and away skims hound, Through woods, dark and dense, over moss-clad ground, Where nature her beauties blends. " Whoop I tally ho I" sing the speeding hunters; " Whoop I tally ho I" the echoes cry. On dart the dogs, and on dart the horses, On with a will, for sport is nigh. Away through a town with a din they sweep, Awaking the folks from their rest and sleep, And making each dame and each lad to peep Abroad as they're bounding by. E. BAxmn. DECAPITATION. No. 4. See how in rapturous, ecstatic flight My first sails in the sky's cerulean blue, Bathed in the genial sun's inspiring light I Ah I for that faculty I envy you. Behead-behold I the rooting, herding swine, Conterited, grunting, second in the mire. But don't complain, for pork is very fine, And Hogg's and Bacon's virtues all admire. Behead again, dear riddlers, please, to third A humble punster who would gain renown Just a time to make his small voice heard, And have his name among your own set down. J. H. BATzcaLOa, Bow, CENTRAL DELETION. No. 5. My whole a kind of wood does name; Delete, I'm loved by miss and dame, I'm used by them t' adorn a dress. What am I, pray P Come, tell me-guess! ~F. ELET, Derby.
ENIGMA. No. 6. I speak all tongues, nor learnt them at schools, But, sad to tell, I know not grammar's rules; Still, with a person I have oft conversed, Nor do I speak till he has spoken first. I never from a speaker disagree; Polite am I in every degree. I'm found in Europe, Africa as well; In torrid climes or frozen lands I dwell. I make the mountains bare my lonely home, Or sylvan woods, or cavern's dismal gloom; Yet never am I seen by mortal eyes, Though you have often heard my various cries. Years, countless, have rolled on since I Came to this world; never will I die Till all this earth in fire shall pass away; My exit then takes place upon that day. P. M'CALL, Dublin.
REBUS. No. 7. J O J. C. SToKo.
CURTAILMENT. No. 8. When whole I am a public place, Where people sell and buy But if two letters you ourtai, A stamp or badge am I. If once again you do curtail, Quite changed I then will beg I signify to interrupt Or do an injury, W. SAnDEaR, Powmill. TRANSPOSITION. No. 9. A valentine I ne'er received; You may all first on that. The girls said that they all believed I was too great a " fiat." But still I'll tune the next, and sing With voice so blithe and gay, And happy as a mighty king I'll pass the time away. M. FABLANQuI, Bradford.
GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 10. F. OG P. O Gw r.
HIDDEN CHRISTIAN NAMES. No. 11. There is a man, a funny man, A man we cannot see, Wh cracks 'most every plate we break- 'Tis Mr. Nobody. I'stood in fear 'midst rocks and caves, I called out, "Is it well P" I strained my ear for the reply, The echoes answered " Well." The night was dark, the rain poured down In torrents, while anon The ti itnings flashed across the sky, The thunder rumbled on. The snn is high, the sky is blue, The lark soars high in air, The grass is green beneath our feet- All nature looks so fair. REVERSION. No. 12. A spirit last; a spirit fist; But both of them must be reversed; To grumble whole doth mean, I know. Dear riddlers, see if it's.not so. T. A4seDN, Liverpool.
ACROSTIC. No. 18. Foundation Words. My primanls name A toung Folks tale. To find the same, Dear friends, don't fail. Cross Words. In first you'll see a harmless toy, Well known by almost ev'ry boy. 1ly next's a word of letters three; It means advanced in years, you'll see. A puzzle by my third is meant, You'll see it in the " Tournament." A river fish in fourth you'll find; For fifth a number bring to mind. In sixth you'll see a certain fruit; No doubt it will your palate suit. My next a female's name will tell; My eighth's a female's name as well. For last a snare please bring to ilew. Now, friends, I bid you all adien. F. T. RIDLET, NOewusl CHARADE. No. 14. 'Tis autumn ; the leaves are dropping From the lofty tree-tops down, And I gaze out with feelings of sadness At earth's fading summer crown. The woods are losing their beauty, And their canopies green o'erhead, And no lovely, gem-like blossoms Fill the first's soft velvet bed. In my hand a whole I am holding, And its petals are tinged with decay, And the carmine they wore in the sumner Is paling in autumn's chill day. But suddenly enters my chamber My maiden, my lovely last; I have named her from earth's fairest flower, But she lives when that flower's life is past. And I care not that winter is coming, With its dreary darksome days, For my last is a bright-eyed flower That blooms in sweetness always. Bsowa Eres CENTRAL DELETION. No. 15. The little love.god sat upon a bush, And first the song melodious of the thrush; He gazed above upon the azure sky, And fleecy clondlets, white as fresh-laid snow; He saw the frisking stag go prancing by, Swift followed by his mate, the startled don. He listened to the whispering summer breez(, And heard it rustling 'midst the leafy trees; He saw a next of sporting, frisking sheep, And at the perfumed flowerets bha! a peep. His chubby hand his quiver quickly sought, And as he gazed around the pretty grove, An arrow to his bow he swiftly brought, And shot it in the air for very love. 1:. C. faco METAGRAM. No. 16. Just look at those two gentle firsts, dear friend, As they sit on the top of that stake, Helping each other their toilet to end. What a picture of second they make I But, ah I they now third, and away they last, Hovering o'er meadow and lea, And now we will have our little repast, For them we no longer can see. J DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 17. My first is always part of round; And second means a rattlingsounu; For third a Christian name put down; And fourth a writer ol' renown ; A colour bright for next you'll view; And sixth is now in front of you; And last you'll find is part of screw. If you the centrals cross, The answer then will name An English writer of A never.dying fame. G. ENIGMA. No. 18. In almost every clime rIm seen, In various colours, pink, blue, green; I have a face, yet, strange to own, In me there's neither skin nor bone, And yet I often wear a crown, And quickly pass from town to town. I can be bought at any price, And sometimes I am very nice; That I am useful there's no doubt. Now, riddler, try and find me t Coss SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. My first is a county in Ireland, I ween s This small Russian river for next will be se ten Were you bound to my third, very strange vel. Whie to you all good hens myW. G. FIL re DAI10 yU S u W. G. FItLA?, -