Our friend H. V. BARWELL to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE. No. 1. (On eachline will be found hidden a girl's Christian name.) I dazzled stood, forfirs-was dressed in blue, And well enough,.sirs, did the colour suit her. A sweet bouquet, held fairly well in view, The work of some fine, zealous executer. M second stayed, I think, behind my first. Yes, there he was, with highly.powdered wig, sirs, And bran'-new gloves (the old ones were dispersed), And, truth to tell, he looked extremely big, sirs. And total I certainly defined, A mystic and mysterious sort of fellow. I'm able now to say (bear this in mind) He was what some folks call a dashing " swell," oh I H. V. BARWELL. BETAGTIAM. No. 2. I stood on the platform To give them a lecture. Peculiar subject, sir- " On Architecture." Having finished my first, 'Mid storms of applause I sat down, quite satisfied. Had I not cause ? The last I was granted; It made me feel proud To be made such a fuss of By that immense crowd. W. D. PIcrERIae. PROVERB No. ACROSTIC. No. 4. Foundation Word. 'Twas when bold Agamemnon swept before the walls of Troy, When he unto the gods did vow that city he'd destroy And when Achilles well displayed his prowess night and day, And filled the Trojan maids with woe and chased their joys away; 'Twas when with primals Hector drove his chariot a.field, His noble form erect and bold, with burnished helm and shield When coward Paris shunned the plain and kept to Helen's side Until the noble Hector tore him from his stolen bride; 'Twas when the weary years of siege were drawing to a close, When many noble warriors had found a last repose, I crowned the efforts of the Greeks, filled Trojans with remorse- Proud Troy had yielded, not to arms, but to a wooden horse I Cross Words. With six long heads and necks terrific, Unmaidenly, and ne'er pacific. A heavenly muse who grasped a scale, Whose love for stars would never fail. A really dreadful robber.woman, Whom Hercules had for a foeman. And now I fain would have you see The laughing god of revelry. This, you will swift find out, of course Is One of Sol's fine.chisell'd horses. It may be very strange to you, But now its master comes to view. This one, you'll quickly see it is Of Scandinavian deities. PRICE AND KITCHNsB. DECAPITATIONS. No. 5. Affliction keen my first, the destined end Of those who, while the sun shines, make not hay, But rather, like the gay grasshopper, spend The golden gleaning hours in idle play. Such was the lesson that my second taught To ages past by means of Esop's pen. Alas I the fable with such wisdom fraught Is needed still as greatly as 'twas then.' HENRY ADAMS. No. 6. Now, even though you do dislike the man To whom you owe of money such a quantity, Just be as slightly spiteful as you can, For, p'r'aps, poor fellow, much as he may want it, he Will never get from you the precious boon. Subject him not to two decapitations, sir, For, if you do, you'll hard, and that full soon, A writer in our London publications, sir. HEINRICH DEE WAHR. METAGRAMS. No. 7. The sky was very dark, The rain was falling first A flash of lightning in the sky, And then the storm had burst. It did not second long; The thunder was not heard, The lightning did no longer flash, A ndthen the storm was third.
DPOG AND V ExTO. No. 8. "'Beautiful maiden, with aquiline first, Listen, oh, list to my prayer, And give unto me one very small lock Of thy goldenand beautiful hair 1" She blushed like a next, and looked very vexed, And then in:sweet tones she did speak: "I.cannot, I fear, for hair is so dear; It cost me fire abillings last week 1" F. E. CouLsoN, Bow. LOGOGRIPH. No. 9. Whatimeans to pull, if you transpose, ' Part of a borough 'twill disclose; Then tail delete, and you will see SA'fruitful source of misery. T. CLxKx, Sheffield.
--ROTATION CHANGE. No. 10. If you this con. do study well, I arst you'll soon the answer tell. - My next's well-known in Rome-no doubt But that you soon will find him out. To get my third, I now do ask That you will find a tube or cask. Our Ed. had quite a fourth before; I trust this con. will make one more. The doctor gave to me when ill A last, though much-against my will. xE5ssAGE. Now find my first* then change the head, Change second fetter, and the third; Keep changing onwards, as I've said, Until you've changed the entire word. T. Sroan, Saltaire. OMEGRAM. No. 11. A part of every bed please find; You'll get it, sure, of every kind. Now change its tail, And you will hail What people sometimes use to write. So, now, my friends, a kind good night. R. MONTraoxxT. ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE. No. 12. My last a half of my first will show; My centre's a tenth of my last, I know; My second and fourth are both the same, And each a fifth of my third will name. My total they say we all should be, And work in goodwill and unity. E. PsrcsnnD, REBUS. F. W. PETCHELL. ENIGMA. No. 13. Sometimes at morn, sometimes at night, I you a visit pay; But whether soon or late I come, I'm never sent away. In weather wet, or weather dry, I hasten to your door, And never go but where I find A welcome is in store. To me emotion is not known, Neither are pains nor joys; But when to you I do approach I always cause a noise. Though I've no legs by which to walk, I'm often seen in motion; Though I've a head which cannot think, I have full many a notion. In mourning I am sometimes seen, Some sorrow to deplore; But, strange to say, this garb of grief Does move me none the more. I sometimes come reminding you Of friendship fast and true; When I shall next approach your door, May I bring joy to you. INnONYTAA. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 14. My whole doth mean a kind of weight; But cut my centre out, And then a sheet of water you. Will find, without a doubt. R. Gaksr. CHARADES. No. 15. My first is to sever; My second is never A boy, nor a youth, nor a man. So, now, if you're clever And guess puzzles ever, Come, tell me my wlwe, if you can. W. A. LAncna. No. 16. Oh, what a happy first is mine I For higher joys I ne'er need pine. I've coat, I've hat, I've next and vest; Of everything I get the best. My whole is dear to riddlers all. Adieu ! some other day I'll call. M. FAnLAaQuE, Jiradford. CURTAILMENT, No. 17. A near relation bring'to mind; Curtail it twice, and now A kind of winged insect you Will quickly see, I vow. KINDERGARTEN, Frizington. SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. A rapacious animal call to mind, It soon destroys what it can find' My second is part of the verb to be; And last's a delicious drink, you'll see. A. H. PLs.ass. No. 19. A kind of sport first brings to mind; - Next's something very sour, I know; My third in many a house you'll find; A river in England last will show. S. W.V; HAES, WVoruester.