Our friend J. G. LUsrSDEN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. No. 1. Foundation Words. Search through the world, and find a man Of such coherent fame, Or show a critic, if you can, Deserving half the same; By dint of primals we may sit Around the cheering fire, And read adventures, truth, and wit, Unfeasible to tire. Cross Words. A primal sailor paced the deck. No other human sound was heard, And he was second, yet a speck Was his small craft compared with third ; He scrutinized the sea with fourth Until a fifth appeared in view, To which he waved a piece of cloth To cause their observation, too. His heart was filled with sixth to see The vessel coming to his aid; But, lo I it changed its course, and he Had naught to do but be dismayed. He gained his spirit with despatch, And seventh gazed across the main To see if he'd a chance to natoh A g:eam of rescue once again. Though eighth he saw to help him then, By sorrowing he'd not ispair His heart s) ninth, his head so ten, For he would never foster care. Though with eleventh he laid him, Determined to await his fate; Alas I he then suppressed a frown, For twelfth bore down at mighty rate. It hove beside, and threw a rope, Which that half-famished sailor caught, And sprang, with faint, desponding hope, And w.th the blinding breakers fought; And when he reached his goal, he wept, To know how fortune lived therein, And on the thirteenth soundly slept, Though covered with a rough oil-skin. And so he rested, and to wake Within his cottage by the dell, And all his kindred did he take To bid the final king farewell. J. G. LUMsDEa. METAGRAMS No. 2. Now Summer's hand has clad the earth With garlands bright and gav : To nodding flowers she giveth birth, And makes the sunbeams play. O'er pretty flowers. borne down with dew, Now flits my first so frail, And sips the starry ones that strew The grassy, verdant vale. And wand'ring where the wild flowers grow, I hear the hum of bees; Ev'n as I list, the. sound so low Next ride along the breeze. The zephyrs touch each daisy white, And kiss the foxglove's bell, Then slowly linger in their flight, As third to leave the dell When Summer wears her sweetest smile, And bright's the blue above, And earth's fourth fair and free from guile, H1ow sweet it is to roam I F. W. PETCHELL. No. 3. I am a well-known tree, In Asia I am found; A delicious drink I make When my berries they are ground; But if my head you change, You then will surely see Something that's very sweet, Come, tell its name to me. J. G. BAKER, London. OMEGRALM. No. 4 A man who has this arstacquired, Assuredly he is this called; For theatres he oft is hired, And many by his power's appalled. Now of this art if you'll change tail, Then what the man is styled you'll see, Who has acquired it without fail, So please to find the name for me. SILVEztsrPB. ENIGMA. No. 5. Alike on old and young I look, on rich and poor and bad ; I glance on childish faces. I linger with the sad' From ages past I've ever been the light of all mankind, And when at eve I sink to rest, I leave a light behind. Those once my form who never see, I do my best to cheer; I help them in a different way, they feel my presence near; Though days may dark and dismal be, still I must be the same, And to the last a comforter I ever will remain. ANNIE STANTON, Holloway. CONUNDRUM. No. 6. Why is the figure eight lke a half-crown ? J. G. LnsM suDEN.
ACROS 1ICAL CHARADE. No. 7. M y first, when evening has its birth, A glory sheds around; R esplendently it bathes the earth, G learning o'er the ground. A oarpenter the next once used R efitting up a pole; E vening was the time I chose T o see the beauteous whole. fl. CLEEBE, London. REVERSIONS. No. 8. A sticky substance if you turn round, A kind of pot will then be found. J. S. HIOKMAN, Hammersmith. No. 9. A three-foot measure if turned round, A kind of cart will then be found. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin. PROVERB REBUS. No. 10.
F. W. PETCHELL. CURTAILMENT&. No. 11. An Irish county if you curtail, A month in summer you'll have without fail. POLYDOIE. No. 12. My whole's a very pretty flower; Curtail, and then, I ween, A very useful thing to all Will very soon be seen. MEsSRs. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 13. A part of your frame, the centre delete, A very small insect you'll see complete. EMILY CANTER, Bradford. No. 14. My whole's a kind of grain that grows In countries far away: Take out the centre, then it shows A labyrinth, you'll say. F. A. CORDREY, thiplake. PROVERB REBUS. No. 15.
ALICE PARTING, Horneey. LOGOGRIPHIS No. 16. A kind of vessel curtail and transpose, And part of yourself it will disclose. POT HOOK. No. 17. In a very old language my meaning is queen ; Curtail and turn round. and then quickly is seen A river in Africa; curtail me twice, And a spirit you'll have which some people think nice. F. W. BINsTEAD. DECAPITATIONS. No. 18. My whole at first a part wil beh; Hut if you take off head, A kind of rabbit you will see In what you'll have instead; But if bereft of head again, Part of the verb "to be" 'tis plain; This last if you do now transpose, A part of the head it will disclose. R. E. D., Exmouth. No. 19. To gratify anybody beheaded by you, To glean will surely come to view; Behead again, and you will see Tranquillity I will be. SIR LAUNGELOT,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC, No. 20. Foundation Words. Primals will give the name of one Who ranks high on the scroll of fame, And when he his career had : un, Finals was where he hid his shame. Cross Words. First is a city in a distant land, From which the views are very grand, A monastic chief is next revealed Who owns a mitre instead of shield, Third is a city in Scotia fair, That's ruled by a council and mayor, My next is a tree of foreigp growth, Possessing strength and beauty both. My fifth are all good men and true, May they their loyalty never rue. On- mountain crags my sixth you'll find, Caress'd by every gentle wind. My seventh's a sad and lonesome state, May you be saved from such a fate. Last is an opera, in London well known, That has oft at Covent Garden been shown. T. H. JACKSON, London. DEOAPITATION. No. 21. In whole a warlike weapon see; Behead, and then a fruit 'twill be; Again behead, and then you view What forms a part of me or you. CHARADES. No. 22. One stormy day I ventured for A ride to Chislehurst, And sorry I was afterwards When I did meet my first. At a cottage door muoh farther, A lady I then met, And she did make my second As she said, " It's very wet," The lady then did me invite To stay until 'twas dry; So when the storm had passed away, My whole was in the sky. W. D'ARTREY. No. 23. My first has ne'er been seen By either you or me: And as for being able next, 'Tis an utter absurdity. And yet my whole. in summer, You very oft may see Sailing o'er some murmuring stream Oiward so gay and free, C. B. Bow. No. 24. My first will be a Christian name: My second's part of the human frame. Find out the two, and write them down, And they will name a Scottish town. R. A. MORnns. SQUARE WORDS. No. 25. The goddess of youth th's must be; Always this means, you will see; Some busy insects bring to light: And last a language come to sight, AMr ROBssART, Shepherd's : ush. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WILEL 1.-Shakesspear. 14.-Pearl, pear, pea. 2.-Butt. 15 -Pipe. pip. A A. 16.-Polyanthus: 17.-Scream, cream, ream. A P E 18 -Wheat, heat, eat. C A P 0 N 19.-Laird, lare, 20.-First fist. R E A L I T Y 21.-Mile. lime. P R E C ED I N G 22.-Fable, leaf. 23 -Mur-ray. V E NT NOR 24.-Tor-quay. D E A T H 25.-Bar-net. 26.-Viviano Thus: Haven, I B E oAve, EVa, flInt, New- T oAstle, laNce, yEw. 4.-Cove, dove, Jove, love, 27.- B gove. P UN 5.-Block, clock, flock. C I D 6.-Dick, 1Mick. 7.-Draw, ward. P E N G U I N 8.-Deer, reed. UD TIE 9 -Minim. B U D Q' E T I E 10.-Level. HISTOR Y 11.-Stork,storm,story, st.re PR I D E 12.-The last straw breaks the camel's back P E A 13.-Merkara, Merka, Merk, B mer. ..