OUR PUZZLE PAGES.
QUOTATION PUZZLE. ,HE second letter of the name of the author of the first q 1uotation, the fourth letter of the name of the author of the second, the first letter of the name of the author of the third, the seventh letter of the name of the author of the fourth, the second letter of the name of the author of the fifth, and the second letter of the name of the author of the sixth will give the name of the author of the last quotation. i. "The tear down childhood's cheek that flows Is like the dewdrop on the rose ; WVhen next the summer breeze comes by And waves the bush, the flower is dry." 2. " White as a white sail on a dusky sea, When half the horizon's clouded and half free, Fluttering between the dun wave and the sky, Is hope's last gleam in man's extremity." 3. ''The pall w'as settled. He who slept beneath Was straightened for the grave ; and as the folds Sank to the still proportions, they betrayed The matchless symmetry of Absalom." 4. "'Tis better to be lowly born, And range with humble livers in content, Than to be perk'd up in a glist'ring grief And wear a golden sorrow." 5. " Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood." 6. " Beneath those rugged elms, that yew-tree's shade, Where heaves the turf in many a mouldering heap, Each in his narrow cell for ever laid, The rude forefathers of the hamlet sleep." ''"Absence of occupation is not rest ; A mind quite vacant is a mind distressed." L'cy MAnBEl. W1RAGGE. 467, 7,ris Street, Toronto,, Canada. (Aged I4 ) SCRIPTURE ENIGMA. HE initials form the name of Ahab's steward. r. The giant king of Bashan. 2. The grandson of Nebuchadnezzar. 3. 'The son of Omri, King of Israel. 4. One of the sons of Jesse. 5. The nephew of Uzziah, King of Judah. 6. David's chief counsellor. 7. One of Eli's sons. MitLDRED RIVINGTON. 6, ' ictoria l'lace, Easlourne. (Aged mo .) CHARADE. Y whole is a second against my first, . Which sometimes extends for hundreds of miles; Mfy second has all your suspicions dispersed; And my total appeareth in various styles. C t CHARLES BUSSE:Y. x6, Frederick Crescent, Vassall Road, (Aged 16.) Brixton.
GIEOGRAP:\-ICAL STAR PUZZLE. 1 ORM a geographical star with four words of seven letters, the central letter S. Vertically, a country in Europe. Horizontally, an island in the Mediterranean. Diagonally, from left up to right, a town in Scotland; and diagonally, from left down to right, a town in L.an- cashire. ISAIEL H11. SCOTTr. L/anstlan, C(armnarth'enshi)'. (Aged 15.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I-IE initials form a city, and finals the river on which it is situated. I. A trinket. o. A prophet. 3. A province in Spain. 4. A mark of royalty. 5. A weight. 6. A book in the Old Testament. KATE Erl.EE. Clevelan' d I illas, (Aged T2s.) Iiddt'lesboralug h-on- Tees. TWVELVE\ BURIED BIRDS. ' H dear ! what is wanting now ? 2. What river is Quebec on, Dora ? 3. Such awkward steps are unpardonable. 4. The kitten is nearly always mewing. 5. Give me the saltpetre, Lilian. 6. Louis is kinder than his brother. 7. I am making a real ark now. 8. Clara has now rent a large hole in her dress. 9. IIow long before post, Richard ? Io. I saw her on top of the hill. rI. Capel, I can crochet now. 12. Mary turned over the leaves. MARY COOK JONEs. Cliflonse, Fe'rryside. (Aged 144.) GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. -1HE initials and finals read downwards give the names of two towns in England. i. A town in Russia. 2. A river in South America. 3. A town in the United States. 4. A mountain in Europe. 5. A peninsula in Asia. 6. A town in France. 7. A town in Beloochistan. 8. A river in Germany. 9. A fortified seaport of India. ANNIE BARKER. IVisewood House, IVisewood, (Aged 15.) near Shleffied.
IIISTORICAL MENTAJL SCENE. : see before us a king riding along a road ; at a little 3, distance from him is a crowd of people looking at something on a high wall albove them ; the king draws near and sees a caricature which represents himself as a coffee- grinder. On reading the w\ords unde.rneath the picture he laughingly orders it to be lowered so that it can be seen better; but instead, it is torn to atoms, and cheers rend the air. FLORENCI" EVEYN CADMAN-JONES. (Aged 16.) Bower lill, Re/ton, Burtonon- Trent. SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. HIE initials form the name of a good king of Judah, and the finals the name of a city in the tribe of Manasseh, signifying "''two hosts." i. One of the descendants of Noah. 2. A son born to David at Jerusalem. 3. The birthplace of Samson and a city of Dan. 4. One of the hooks of the Old Testament. 5. Another word for relationship. 6. A country to the south of Palestine. 7. The soi of Meshillemoth, one of those chosen by lot to dwell in Jerusalem after the return of the Babylonish captivity. 8. A word occurring only once through the whole Bible. HEI.:EN WINIFRIEI) GRII'ITr. Hligh Street, Slotugh, Bucks. (Aged I I.) DIAMOND) PUZZLE. HIE central letters read downwards and across form a diamond, and give the uame of one of the United States. A consonant. A covering for the head. One who hoards. Violent anger. Change from one thing to another. A female who leads. One of the United States. Becoming thin. A range of pillars round a building. The turret of a church ending in a point. The Latin for " father." The goddess of revenge. A consonant. NELLIE JOHNSON. Pr,,s)scc Cottag', IVa/wer, near Deal. (Aged 14.) IIISTORICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. ~IHE initials and finals read downwards form the names of two English queens. r. A food supplied to the Israelites in the wilderness. 2. A river in South America. 3. To flee. 4. A citizen of the United States of America. MAUD MARY GREEN. 134, Lloyd St,'er, Greenheys, (Aged i44.) llanucJI'ster.
QUOTATION PUZZI.E. SI-I.H fourth letter of the name of the author of the fir't _ quotation, the sixth letter of the name of the author of the second, the sixth letter of the name of the author of the third, the fifth letter of the name of the author of the fourth, the fourth letter of the name of the author of the fifth, the first letter of the name of the author of thei sixth, the second letter of the name of the author of the seventh, and the fifth letter of the name of the author of the eighth will give the name of the author of the last quotation. r. " ' It was the English,' Kaspar cried, 'lThat put the French to rout ; But what they kill'd each other for I could not well make out.' " 2. " Blue were her eyes as the fairy flax, Her cheeks like the dawn of day, And her bosom white as the hawthorn buds That ope in the iaonth of May." 3. " To fair Fidel's grassy tomb Soft maids and village hinds shall bring Each opening sweet of earliest bloom, And rifle all the breathing spring." 4. " Thrice sounds the clarion, lo ! the signal falls, The den expands, and Expectation mute Gapes round the silent circle's peopled w alls." 5. " For them no more the blazing hearth shall burn, " Or busy housewife ply her evening care; No children run to lisp their sire's return, Or climb his kneet, the envied kiss to share." 6. " And each St. (lair was buried there With candle, with book, and with knell; But the sea-caves rung and the wild winds sung The dirge of lovely Rosabelle." 7. " I met a little cottage girl, She was eight years old, she said ; Iler hair was thick with many a curl That clustered round her head." 8. " The free fair homes of England ! Long, long in hut and hall May hearts of native proof be rear'd 'To guard each hallowed wall." I" owe'er it be, it seems to me "'Tis only noble to be good. Kind hearts are more than coronets, And simple faith than Norman blood." C'ATHERINE VAN ZYL., 'aogel Fontein, (Aged 14.) near Clanwilliam, C;re of Good 110oe. DOUBLE GEOGRAPHICAL AC('ROSTIC. HE initials give the name of a country in Asia, the finals that of a county in England. i. A province of Russia. 2. A river in Spain. 3. A county of Wales. 4. A town on an English island. 5. A coast town in Devon. 6. A town in the province of Artois, France. J. S. WADDIE, Ardel,'e, Tr'inity, Edinbu'rgh. (Aged 14.)
PIUT'LOKIAL GEUGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. VA of k lies Iof ! -FLUX / A.> which is bN to and( then, ^_ r S f 70~, moeUR4--s ·· D .ell "alit but the ITECTUFR ti STLE - p iN',d wciliti, is onunc lc aclpterl i i te t th ,N ilo . it ha laid 1 The i n r1 ;' , ? .r 1 _I 11" _ 7 11 inter ;'V i th Pod e 1~~6% lntii~r