Our friend ANNEl F. STANTON to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA. No. 1. A friend of every one am I, And known to all of you, For, unlike most "familiar friends," Some little good I do. From the beginning I have been, And though perhaps you'd doubt me, I should not be far wrong to say You could not do without me. I'm found in almost everything, But chiefly in the sea, Which would become corrupt and bad Without the aid of me. I'm brought from Hungary and Spain, From Prussia and Peru, From Russia, France, and Worcestershire, And Abyssinia, too. In agriculture I am used, Though sparingly, you know, In making glass, and glaze for ware, And medicine also. A symbol of fidelity I once was thought to be, And he was sacred held who with His host had tasted me. But still, like every useful thing, I have been much abused, And as a medium to oppress By princes have been used; For taxes have been laid on me, Causing distress and pain. And one in England was imposed In the third William's reign. But then the smuggling that it caused Made you the folly see, So it was finally removed In 1823. But, come, this lecture's very dry, So here, perforce, it ends, And as my throat is rather sore, Please give the answer, friends. ANNIE F. STANTON, Holloway. DOUBLE TRIPLE ACROSTIC. No. 2. Entr'acte. My firsts and centres, finals too, Read down, give one, two, three; Then in the same, read upwards, you Fourth, fifth, and sixth will see. Foundation Words. I'm old Jack Jinks, at your command; I never fret nor cry; As blithe as any in the land- A happy man am I. Though 'tis my fourth to serve all day In a fifth which is hard by, Yet still you'll ever hear me say A happy man am I. Some, in a melancholy first, Look sad and pipe their eye; But let misfortune do its worst, A happy man am I. I take the second when the hours For business have passed by, And in my home, snuggest of bow'rs, A happy man am I. On saint days, then a stroll I take, Where tall thirds bend and sigh, And as the woods with songs I wake, A happy man am I. Sometimes I roam where sixths so fleet In sportive play rush by, And while I breathe the air so sweet, A happy man am I. I'm still contented with my lot, And shall be till I die; The grandest peer I envy not- A happy man am I. Cross Words. I lack not wealth, I've store of gold- Broad lands own me as lord; In idleness my arms I fold, And plenty decks my board. And yet I seek, but cannot find, That which wealth cannot lend- A joyous heart, a peaceful mind, A true, unselfish friend. That loutish third, who toils all day Where huge firsts work his will, Who rugged second moulds like clay, Or rare fourths cuts with skill, Feels not the gloom which clouds my brain I For, 'mid life.killing dust, He toils and sings-nor toils in vain To earn his honest crust. Vain wrealth, couldst thou contentment buy, Thee would I freely give, If, like the simple rustic, I In happiness could live. A. S. PATrrs, Sheffield. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 8. I' A thing of beauty is the silent moon, As o'er the sky she spreads her silvery ray; But, ah I her glory fades away too soon, When dawn proclaims the advent of the day. The wakesome watch-dog now lies down to rest, The milkmaid trips with pail upon her head, The lark, upwinging from its grassy nest, In songrejoices that the night has fled. ui. The sun is all with his bright rays adorning, The crystal dew the bluebell's chalice fills; Hark I chanticleer shrill heralds in the morning, The lev'ret leaps o'er glades and mountain rills. Bright, rosy children, waking from their sleeping, The glad effulgence greet with morning prayer; Refreshed with slumber, new from heaven's keeping, What peals of merry laughter rend the air I L'ENVOI. Two transpositions, you'll find, are here, Each transposition two words embraing ; Now let uyogi sldunto ahllppear,,. By fIor lfore tlf 'afswtr llahiang. T. L. HEaz'r.
CHARADE. No. 4. Down among the hay so deep, With her eyes fast closed in sleep, Lay our first so tiny, Little next, so bright and red, Cov'ring o'er her little head, Hiding tresses shiny. Open then her little eyes, Greets us with exultant cries, Welcomes us so gladly. When her whole is passed and gone, And it treads life's ways upon, Oh, we'll miss her sadly I P. M'CALL, Dublin. ENIGMA. No. 5. I'm ever before you, But cannot be seen, By all I'm looked after- Pray, what do we mean P C. SZELLYT. REBUS. No. 6. ERICARD B., Hanwell. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 7. Foundation Words, Read primals, and please do it right, They'll bring a certain fish to sight; Treat finals just the same, and you Will bring another fish to view. Cross Words. Dear friends, for first please bring to mind What to submerge does mean; Curtail assistance, and you'll find My second will be seen. For third, please look upon a tree- It's very light, you'll say; My last a female's name will be, And 'tin the close of day. F. T. EIDB r, Newcastle.
REBUS. No. 8. H. BaowN, Swindlehurst. MONOPHONE. No. 9. Sir Henry was a gallant knight; He loved a lady fair, Her eyes were blue, her cheeks were bright, And golden was her hair; His hand, his heart, he offers there- He thinks the Lady Lottie fair. Sir Hubert was another knight; He loved this lady fair, With eyes so blue, and cheeks so bright, And lovely golden hair. His hand he dared to offer there, In spite of Henry, Lord St. Clair. Sir Hubert was a carpet knight, But for this ladye fayre He had first up his mind to fight, So sent for Lord St. Clair. They met, they fought, Sir Henry fell- What words the maiden's grief can tell? Sir Hubert to the castle rode, And thought to claim his bride. Alas I her heart with grief had broke- The lovely second died I They buried then the ladye gyre Along with Hnry, Lord St. lr. MAun Barrox.
ACROSTIC. No. 10. Foundation Word. When the wild waves break on the rooky shaor, Filling the air with their sullen roar, Plashing, lashing, Awaking the echoes in hollows and caves, By the ceaseless din of the angry waves, Splashing, dashing; When the thunder roars o'er the heaving main Then rolls in the distance, then roars again, Clgphing, crashing. When the lightming streaks the sable dome, And the wild winds lash the waves to foam, Whirling, furling; When the mountain wave with its silver crest Grandly thrashes the rocks with its breast, Hurling, curling. Cross Words. To cause aggravation 'Tis frequently done; A retaliation We always should shun. At every oration Or gossip am I; With each conversation Myself you'll espy. Without botheration This number you'll see; Not much calculation Required to find me. My next observation Don't be it, I pray, Or else great vexation Your act will repay. A cold situation The top of this one, Which brings expiration To this simple con. H. C. Percr, CHARADE. No. 11. Beneath an oak young Tommy Good Lay lounging in the shade, Trying to invent, as best he could, For Younig Folks a charade. " I cannot make one out, I fear," He cried, in blank dismay. " But hold I' What is that sound I hear? It's second's mellow lay." He very quickly looked around, And whole he soon espied Perched on a branch. He with a bound Jumped to his feet, and cried: "Hurrah! hurrah! I have it now. The second's first indeed, And whole's a bird well known, I trow, To Young Folks. Now, with speed " I'll send this glorious con. I've made Off to our Ed. Indeed, 'Tis such a beautiful charade, 'Twill surely take the lead." T. O'Coxsos, Kinsale. HIDDEN PROVERB. No. 12. The season was the summer, The sweetest of them all; The rose I longed to gather Grows high upon the wall. Upon the wall I mounted, But ere the prize I gained, That sharpest of all sharp things, A thorn, me greatly pamed. A proverb here is hidden, A word in every line; Do you, then, reader, dnd it, And say the secret's thins. CAswrts DECAPITATION. No. 13. Whole, I'm msre, is feminine, Of that there's not a doubt; But just you move the head away, And you will soon find out That instead of feminine, It masculine will be, For my first is the reverse To second, don't you see r B. W. W CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 14. Down beneath the deep blue sea M branches you can view, Built u by ountless insects sill, And hun I slowly grew. Down beneath the dark, cold ground My black seams you can view; They say that in long years gone by I as a forest grew. RBD DUIo'. No. 15. An instrument to lift a weight, If centre is deleted, Will then disclose to look not straight, When it you have complete Brefor