Our friend M. srxe to1.dy takes the kad I+ he RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 1. Cross Words. My first will name an animal; But if you turn it round, A certain kind of hollow plar t There quickly will be found. My next will name a kind of frost Which on the window I irks; Reversed, a title of dignity That's used among the Turks. My third, you'll find, is parched and dry; B.t if you wi 1 transpose, A raiding expedition then It quickly will disclose. My fourth will show a river's name, Which, when of head bereft. A portion of yourself, you'll find, There surely will be left A mount in Italy is my next; But if transposed aright, How all Young Folks should try to te Will soon appear in sight. Me last unmanufactured is; But if you will reverse, It causes devastation sore All through the universe. Fo,undation Words. My primals now, if you read down, A receptacle will name; Then read them up, for a brave act Men oft receive the same. A second draft my finals then, lead down, to you will show; But if read up, in prison 'tis An officer, I trow. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furno's CONUNDRUM. No. 2. Can any readers to me row tell (No doubt that you will know it well), What's always going down, I ween, Yet sometimes rising it is seen ? W. M. A., Hereford. CURTAILMENTS. No. 3. A ttle of Peru if you curtal, A Japanese measure you'll have without fa:l. SIR I.AUNJStLOT. No. 4. In quantity great Whole's meaning will state, So try you that word now to render; Then if you curtail, You'i e bound t unveil A noun of the m sculine gender. Curtailing again Baby's word you obtain, To say which her tonegue she first uses; -o fond and so kind, No wond r we find 'Tis always the one that she chooscs. Now hearken, I pray, Unto what I shall say, Give this puzzle your closest attention; And I will be bail For you not to fail To be able the answer to mention. T. L. HEMERY. ACROSTICAL DECAPITATION. No. 5. E ver thinking of the Budget M Ight turn one's brain, some say; I, for myself, think different, L ct people think who may ; Y on take my first, a kind of grain; M[ ight change, if you behead, C ausing it to warm, no doubt, A nd hot may be instead; N o doubt you're thinking of my next, T o you, then, I'll explain, E 'en now it's teling what you do; R ight, perhaps, you'll say, again ; B ut just look here, young Budteticr, B ange it in your m nd's eye, And thank our Editor so kind. D on't look on him so shy; F or he has done all that he can, O r else I'm much mistaken. R ight well does he deserve some praise, D on't let his name be shaken. MESSRS. WALKER AND STEWART, Astley Green. PALINDROME. No. 6. A name for a dog, Read backwards by you, The very same name Will still be in view. EMILY M. CANTER, Bradford.
CENTRAL DELETIONS. No. 7. Whole means to wake : the centre take out, And a flower 'twill then be, without doubt W. A. \V1LLIATu S, Nea h. No. 8. P, rceived by the senses this implies; lint irom it take the heart, A council of elders quickly will Before your vision start. J. MYERS, Dalton-in-Furness DECAPITATION. No. 9. What is worn on the feet If you like to behead, A gardener's tool You will have in its stead. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY. REBUS. No. 10. GEORGE. LOGOGRIPH S. No. 11. What means to defraud if you the centre delete, To talk idly you'll have conmplete: And inow, if you will cut iff its head, An article of dress you'll have instead. T. OAVILL, L ton. No. 12. To encourage, abet. I define; Curtailed and behoaded, a sign; )'ehead d again, you will see human beings, of course,I shall be Now o' my tail relieve me, pleas , A pronoun then you'll see with ease A.H. CO::LEY. No. 13. My whole we oft do in our sleep; But If you will behead, A quantity of paper you Will surelh have instead; That self'ame quantity transpose, An animal it will disclose. F. TAYLOR. GECGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 14.
ANON. ENIGMA. No. 15. I am a useful person, No doubt you know my name: Take every letter away and yet I still remain the same. J. W. CHADWICK. CHARADE. No. 16. Kind riddling friends, attention pay To what I now have got to say, And listen to my humble lay, Then try and find me out. Without the aid of first, this con. Would not to our dear 1 d. have gone; This fact I'll stake my life upon; Now don't begin to pout. My second in the human race both take the most important p:ace; This fact I know to be the case; Now set) our wits to work. Whene'er the stormy billowq rave, My third beneath ;he ocean wave Too often finds , watery grave, Anu death around doth lurk. My whole's an art you know full well; But more just now I cannot tell. So now, ye Budgeiiers, farewell, And may we meet again. W. A. WILLarAS, Neath.
OMEGRAM. No. 17. Human being first will be: Cbance the tall, and, lot you'll see Countries placed upon my face; Schools ..nd colleges I grace. Reader, change the tail again, Folks are me when their poor brains Are turned, and then they storm and rave; I slowly bring them to the grave. Again, please, the change rcpe.,t, On my form you wipe your leet; Change again, and then is seen A :hort word for magazine. Change tail again, and then you What means to spoil will quickly view; Change for th , last, and 'tis clear You'll have a bright month of the year. II. H. ADAMS. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 18. The centrals a town of "Ould Ireland" will name: And upwards or downwards will be just the same. I'm in a conundrum though not in rebus ; I'm in a sensation. but not in a fuss. How awfully miserable must a mouse be When he fluds himself right in the clutches of me. On this solemn old bird, Mr. Edgar A. Poe Has written a poem mostlikely you know. If you wish soon to quench all a baby's dread wrath, The best thing to do is to give him some fourth. My last is a consonant, I must tell; And now, having done so, I.say farewell. F. W. BINSTEAD. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Off-ice. 18.- M inin. 2 -Dumfries. 19.-Army, arm. 3 -Burns, Byron. Thus : 20.-Piper, pipe, pip. Bom 1, UnitY, RiVeR, 21.-Leese, lees, lee, le, 1. Ne.rO, Sove, eig '. 22 -Least, stale, teals, steal, 4.- in, pig, pip, pie, pit, slate, tales. 5.-Lionel, Noel, Leo. 23.-Mar-gate. 6.-1 earl, earl, pear, bear, tear. year, ear. 24.- R 0 B E 7.- Gall, fall, ball, pall. O V A L 8.- ClOck, lock. B A It B 9.-Cape, ape. 1 L B 1i 10.-Broach, roach. I1.-Egg. 25.- C 12.-Cleopatra's Needle. T H E 13.-Deliver, delver. 8OC 1 E W 14 -Marsh, mash. F 0 L I A G E 15 -Wad, daw. S O NG TER S 16.-Conse ence and covetous- B R I T'J A I N noes can never coalesce. L IC M 0 N 17.-Editor. Thus : Earth, T A Y David, Iron, Tor, Oval, B light.