700 PRIZES
Will be given away to our Readers during the twelve months beginning with this Number. Of these EIGHT PnIzEs will be awarded every oeek for Solutions of the BIBLICAL, HIS. TORICAL, and GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES, Foue to Senior readers and Fouv to Juniors. EIGHT Books and TWELVE Certificates of Merit will be awarded Every Mfonth for the TWENTY best ORIGINAL ESSAYS upon a given subject. These may be competed for by readers of all ages not exceeding Sixteen years, and will be divided into two classes, Senior and Junior, as described below. (See Rule 2.) With each Monthly part of " Our Darlings" we shall present our readers with A BEAUTIFUL ENGRAVING, printed in colours on toned paper, and suitable for binding with the volume. THanE SPECALr Pazzes, to be selected bythe Editor, will be awarded each month foi' the three best original tales or essays upon the subject of the picture, to be competed for by readers of all ages not exceeding Twelve years. uable In addition to theforegoing, Axxu~ A PIEZS of a very s v n0l kind will continue 'to be awarded to those who successfullY answer our Pazzn SCoIPTURE QUESTIONs. (See next page.) To avoid disappointment and trouble, it is absolutely neCe sary that great attention be paid to the following GENERAL RULES FOR THE GUIDANCE OF ALL CANDIDATES. 1. In every case, whether the subjectbe Prize Scripture QOu. tions, Puzzles, Poetical Enigmas, Monthly Stories, or PriZ
Essays, the replies must be written clearly, clean, and legible. The spelling should be correct, as both spelling and writing will count in awarding prizes. 2. The can:dates in each section must not exceed the follow- ing ages:-" JUNIR'" refers only to readers of t~uelve years and under. If the twelfth birthday is past, even by one day, they are ineligible for that rank! "Serzons" refers only to readers over twelve and not exceeding sixteen years. After sixteen no candidate is eligible. 3. A candidate is eligible to receive THREE prizes in any one section within the twelve months; that is to say, a boy, if he is 111 years old in January, mnay contend until he is twelve years of age in the JU-roc section.; and if successful on three several occasions will receive a prize for each. In July of the same year, being 12 years of age, he is competent to contend in the SNIOR section during the remainder of the year, and may receive three prizes also within the twelve months in that sec- tion. When a candidate has obtained a full number of prizes in any one section for which he is eligible, his name will, on all future occasions during the year when he is successful, be printed as having obtained HoxouvnAna MENTION. 4. The answers or essays or stories must in every case be certi- fied by a minister or teacher to be the unaided effort of the candidate. No one is at liberty to copy from books, and any one breaking this rule will be disqualified for competition for a whole year! 5. Replies to the weekly puzzles and enigmas should come to hand not later than the next ensuing Thursday morning's post: for example, answers to puzzles contained in " Our Darlings" of Saturday, 4th November, should arrive by first post on Thursday morning, the 9th November. Answers from candidates abroad will be received up to the last post on Saturday, the 11th, and so on. Monthly prize essays and monthly stories written to the engraving, should arrive not later than the 10th of the [next month: for example, subjects announced and the picture given with the November part, should be replied to by the 10th Decem- ber, and so on. All communications on these subjects must be addressed as follows, and if a reply is expected, a stamped and addressed envelope should be enclosed :--Tz PUZZLE AND EssAY EDITOR, Office of " Otr Darlings," 18 to 26, Stepney Cause- way, London, E. 6. In no case can stories, essays, or answers be returned to the writer; and as the puzzles, etc., are now given weekly, it will be impossible to publish the names of successful candidates more often than once a month, as this magazine goes to press long in advance. The following are the correct answers to puzzles which appeared in No. 45 of " Our Darlingso":- Sos SENIons. ANswaR To PUZZLE No. LXXXIX.-From being made up of so many nationalities. ANSWER TO PUZZLE No. XC.-Hannah (1 Sam. i.); Abraham's servant (Gen. xxiv. 21); Those gathered in prayer for Peter (Acts xii. 12-16). Fox Jurons. AxswER To PUZZLE No. LXXXIX.-The Simplon, from Valais to Piedmont; St. Gothard, from Canton Uri to Canton Ticino; St. Bernard, from Valais to Piedmont; the Stelvio Pass, from Switzerland into Lombardy; and the Brenner Pass, from Innspruck to Meran in the Tyrol. ANsSWaR To PUzzLE NO. XC.-The disciples failing to cast the dumb spirit out of the child (Mark ix. 14-29). PRIZES.-A BOOK (VALUE 5s.) Was awarded to each of the following for correct answers:- SENIORS. EDITH ALLEY (154). 12, Fore Street, Brixham. GERTRUDE HORSEY (15), Osidge, Southgate. Gaice KEITr (13), Braeside, Motherwell, N.B. RUTa H. EBoox (13), Helme Edge, Meltham, Huddersfield. We are sorry not to be able to award any prizes in the Junior Section, but all our young friends failed in the Poetry Puzzle. BIBLICAL, HISTORICAL, AND GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLES. [Note.-The Puzzles in pn-ose are taken from Sacred and Pro- ane Iistory, or from Geography. Sometimes the history of the Jews, as given in the Bible or by Josephus, sometimes the History of the Church, sometimes that of our own forefathers, the English People, and at other times stories from Classical or General History, and the Geography of the World, will fur- nish us with themes. The puzzles in rihyme will always be upon subjects taken from the Word of God.] FOR SENIORS. Foue books, of the published value of 3s. 6d. each, will be awarded to the four most successful and satisfactory candi-
dates, who will be at liberty to select any book they choose from the catalogue of any London publisher. PUZZLE NO. I.-Give a reason why the purest Norse language is spoken in Iceland, and the purest Italian in Tuscany. PUZZLE No. II. Ready to shelter and bid him not fear, Eager to serve him with bountiful cheer, Watchful to finish the plan she devised, Daring to take from him what he most prized, Blessed by a prophet declared in the Word, Honoured amongst loyal souls to the Lord. FOR JUNIORS. The Four most successful and satisfactory candidates will receive each a 1ook of the published price of 3s. 6d., and of their own selection. PUZZLE No. I.-Describe the district known as Little Russia, give its old name, and say of what people it is the chief home. PUZZLE NO. II. Strangers they, unknown to any, One a wayward, erring man, Yet God's mercy sought and shielded. Yielded to his eager plan. All night long they wandered onward, Staying not to seek repose, And they reached a place of shelter When the morning sun arose. PRIZE ESSAYS FOR NOVEMBER, 1882. IGHT Beautiful Books and TWELVE Certificates of Merit will be awarded this month to the writers of the 20 best Essays upon the subjects named below. They will be divided as follows :-FoUR Books and Six Certificates in each section, between the Senior and Junior Candidates. In every case the names of the prize- winners will subsequently be published in these pages. For directions, see General Rules. SENIOR SUBJECT:-" The Great Traitors of History : who they were, what they gained and lost." JuNIoR SUBJECT:-" The Story of the First Christian Martyr." ANNUAL PRIZE SCRIPTURE QUESTIONS. TWENTY-SEVEN PRIZES, VALUE £30, Will be given away at the close of 1883 for the best answers to the 156 Questions which will appear during the twelve months of 1882-3. 1st, £5; 2nd, £1; 3rd, £3; 4th, £2; 5th, £2 ; 6th, £1 15s.; 7th, £1 15s.; 8th, £1 10s.; 9th, £1 lOs.; 10th, £1 5s.; 11th, £1 5s.; 12th, £1; 13th, £1 ; 14th, 15s.; 15th, 15s. ; 16th, 15s. ; 17th, 15s.; 18th, 15s.; 19th, 15s.; 20th, 10s.; 21st, 10s.; 22nd, 10s.; 23rd, 10s.; 24th, 10s.; 25th, 10s. ; 26th, a Bible with Maps and Illus- trations; 27th, a Beautifully Bound Book. 1r TpEn PRINTED FORM, On which answers to THESE SCRIP- TURE QUESTIONS MusT be sent in, together with the conditions of competition, sa!y be had by enclosing two postage stamps addressed to the Editor of "Our Darlings," 18 to 26, StenleU Causeway, Lon- don, E. 1. Find a passage in Ezra countenancing the rabbi- nical tradition that Moses was helped by the seventy elders in the work of writing the books of the law. 2. Find a passage proving that the Israelites in Egypt had forgotten, towards .the end of their sojourn there, the very name of the God of their fathers. 3. What, in Scripture, is represented as bearing up the very throne of God? Give passages.