Our friend P. CREGAN to-day takes the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTICAL TRANSPOSITION. Sn, 1. I am seen in the field, and I'm seen in the street, Where I lie in the mud, trampled under your feet; Thus soemingly worthless, yet often I'm sold At very Inrge prices in silver and gold. By au old, ruined castle I walked th' other day, And I there found it lying, obstraoting my way. I grsped it and shook it, and then, for my pains, To amuse me there came forth most exquisite strains. Perhaps I can end with another small shake; But no, the beginning it only will make I So I shook it again, as I couldn't stop here, Then strains like the first still delighted my ear. I felt so delighted, I shook it once more, When it named me a college, far-famed for its lore; But stay-this last item is not-finished quite, As it, yet wants the plural to make it all right. But before taking leave, allow me to suggest Let the answers be written, as clearly exprezsed; Then the primnals read downwards, to light they will bring The name which I heard for this curious thing. P. CsaEAN, Trim. PUZZLE. No. 2. One-third of rag, One-third of hag, And then one-sixth of shiver, One-fourth of loan, One-fourth of bone, Wi;l name a foreign river. PhLauCE ZAMBINE, Everton. ACROSTIC. No. 3. Foundatioin Wort. If you read the initials down, You'll find a poet of renown. Cross Words. A British quesn for bravery famed, In early hLstory she is named; This a river will surely be, Which flows into the Arctic sea; An Italian town now bring to mind, And to the next we should be kind; Unto the last let us give dress- Now this acrostic try and guess. TOR. DECAPITATIONS. No. 4. Whole, I'm a title of ancient fame; ehcead, and you'll find I'm pronounced the same. ANON. No. 5. Whole, a fish I do proclaim; Behead, and I'm a female name; Behead again, and you will see What you have done I then shall be. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE, London. No. 6. Ye riddlers who with skill are blest, Come use it now right well, And try if you, with all your skill, Can these few answers tell. Oft in my first I may be seen, When business hours are o'er; My next is seen upon the head Of all men, rich or poor. If this we never did inhale, We all of us should die; And then there'd be no riddling Fur either you or I. NEMso. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 7. A name for a black man, its centre delete, And a Roman emperor you'll have complete. MOURAD V. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 8. A consonant first will be, and If you pronounce it right, What we cross o'er to foreign land Is sure to come to sight. And then the next-I'm sure, 'tis said, That anger It does mean; And third is found upon your head, You know it well, I ween. Now for the fourth put down a game, 'Tie well known, I declare; The next will bring to sight a name That's given to a bear. A colour, now, that is well known, is next that you will want; And then the last, I think, you'll own It is a consonant. The centrals and across will show A game that's known to you ; Perchance you've seen it played ; I know You'd like to play it, too. J. RicHaRDsON, Liverpool. CHARADE. No. 9. One morning, as I strolled down stairs- I was not very old- I walked into the breakfast-room, To warm me from the cold. When, ot looking round the room, I saw that none were there. So I n ent un to the table near To view the goodly fare. My fir.t lay in a basin near, It looked so very nice ; It tempted me to take a piece, But I dropped it in a trice. For, looking at the open door, My mother I did see, And with my second in her hand She did belabour me. So now, if you've guessed this aright- And this I hope you'll do- MAy whole an Indian tree will show, So now I'll say adieu. ALLAN AND NICHOLSON, Sunderland.
CURLTAI LMIENT. No. 10. My whole a player is, no doubt, A canny Scot, as you'll lind out; He used to play in days of ore, And beg his broad from door to door. Curtail tme now, and you will see That I a comfort oft may be; A kind of solaco to the mind, And soothing, too, as you will find. If you again will me curtail, I think you cannot easily fail To see that I'm a single spot, Some say an ace, and some a dot. sieversed, you do not alter me, I still the same shall surely be. W. GAnuvTT, JUN., Darlington. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 11. If a small quantity you central delete, A kind of laugh you'll have complete. F. i1. BEYNON, BristoL GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. No. 12. ili GALL, London. CHARADE. No. 13. Oft have I viewed with loving eyes Dear England's cliffs, which meet the skies, Whose feet co court the Pea; The lasts of Time fall in the glass. And see thy coast, which ever was, And still unchanged must be. From Gaul's green coast one sunny day, As on thy cliffs the sun's bright ray, Like to an angel shone, Proud Cmsar viewed thy form so fair, A land which seemed devoid of care, And called thee "Albion." First l:nd of brave and faithful souls, As o'er thy lasts the ocean rolls, And all is bright and free, As wholes of waves with shining crests, Glitter like gems on fair white breasts, My blessing rest with thee. F. W. PETCHELL.
PROVERB REBUS. No. 14. A. G., London. DIAGONAL PUZZLE. No. 15. A part of every soldier's arms Is this, you will agree; A most delicious fruit is next, As you've found it to be; In this you see a gathering Of persons great and small, Opinion you may have in this, Tho' principle you may it call; A this you may be, and if so, You healthy ought to be, I know. The centrals, read from left to right, Will give what means to disunite; And then from right to left you trace A very well-known watering place. G. GRANT. TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Transpose a certain weapon dread, And you will find that you've instead A most peculiar quadruped. E. S. HOPr, Liverpool.
LOGOGRIPHS. No. 17. From a very near relation, I pray you twice curtail, And thou a common insect, You'll find if you don't fall; Curtail again, and then reverse, A lad's name will be seen; Restore to whole, and then 1, 5 A pronoun is, I woen; My 6, 2, 1, 5 is a city old, i hat's famous e'en to day; 4, 2, 1, 5 a precious place Is. you all will say; My 2, 6, 5 is found with lead, With other metals, too; And now, dear friends, my task is done, I wish you all adieu. No. 18. F. HrscoB, Leeds. No. 18. A weapon of warfare if you behead, A well-known fruit you'll have instead, Which, if you transpose aright, A plant will surely bring to sight; Just drop one letter and transpose again, A part of your body you'll have, 'tis plain. MESSRS. NW. and J. HALL, Liverpool. VERBAL CHARADES. No. 19. My first is in cat, but not in dog; My second's in horse, but not in fog; My third is in air, but not in south; My fourth is in chair, but not in mouth; My fifth is in pencil, but not in box; My sixth is in pullet, but not in fox; My seventh's in scrub, but not in clean; My eighth is in snow, but not in mean; My ninth is In diamond, but not in pearl; My tenth is in nothing, but not in twirl; My eleventh's in half, but not in whole; My twelfth is in stick, but not in pole ; My thirteenth's in audience, but not in actor; My fourteenth's in lime, but not in factor; And my fifteenth's in head, but not in greater. These letters if placed by you aright, A Budget hero 'twill bring to light. PEARL OF THE ISLB. No. 23. My first is in chain, but not in link; My second's in blue, but not in pink; -My third is in heat, but not in cold; My fourth is in bought, but not in sold; My fifth is in wind, but not in gale; My last is in weep, but not in wail; My whole is the heroine of a Budget tale. J. GoLDIno, Essex. ENIGMA. No. 21. Communications made by me, Or by my powerful agency, Will often long endure. All forms traced out by me remain, In fact, I am a kind of stain, A useful one, I'm sure. Of many colours I am seen- Red, blue, and black, but never green, And never very clear. I'm sometimnes thick, almost a paste, And can like water run and waste, You may behold me here. J. P. L, REVERSIONS. No. 22. Part of a room, if you turn it round, A measure of land will then be found. S. FRANKLIN, Dublin, No. 23. What workmen use, if you turn round, A name for plunder will then be found. MovaAD V. No. 24. What grows in the river, if you turn round, An animal will then be found. ANON. METAGRAM. No. 25. A kind of dog, if you change head, A well-known weight you'll have instead; Again change, and you will see, Globular I then will be; Once more change head, and if you're right, What we've all heard will come to sight. INCOGNITO, HIDDEN FRUITS. No. 26 -1. We are, madam, sons of time. 2. I saw a camel on the desert. 3. Clasp each other's hands. 4. For angels am I preserved.-KING OBERON. SQUARE WORDS. No. 27.-What we hear every day; to lot out; broad; a hash.-SEIsPRa IDaM, Ballymena. ANAGRAM. No. 28. Otuh rat on rligrene ni scharnmo' alhl; A oyj huot atr, nad a htlewa ot lal; A rberao so ehpo toun dlan adn aes- Maebuns I twah tifg sah eht drlow ekil ethe ? I. A. LAWHENCe. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &a., OF LAST WEEE. 1.- T Thus: BoW, UnclE, OuraL, A P E NathanaeL AnJao dominl, P A I N T P , Amnusih, RefleoT, TO, TPINDER EveN. ELDB R 1.-Lon w. P 3d N 12.-- N bhgi m. R 13.-Chester, Hester. 2.-Birch, crib, rib. 1a.-Shoe hoe. 3.-Meath, meat, mate, tea. 15.-Aat-hfill 4--Achilles. Thus: Auster- 16.-Cock-roach. litz, Coxeomb, Hope, Iceni, 17.-Mat-lock. Lodi, Louisiana, Evil, 18.-Janet, Jane. Stella. 19.-Army, arm. 5.-Hull, pall, full, bull 20.-.-ar, mar, ma. 6.-Lance, lace. 21.--annah. 7.-Donor, door. 22.-Pup. 8.--Dusty, duty. 23.-Deed. 9.-First oatch your hare, 24.-Salt last, then cook him. 25.--Chsajles. 10.-Bunonaparte, Wellington. 28.-Aigelica.