Our friend F. W. PETrELL zto-day takes the leadin the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OHARADED. No. L
One morning, bright and sunny, In golden Summer's reign, When seeking sweets and honey, Bees thronged the flowery plain To where the first was flowing - With gentle pupling song: In warmth and pleasure glowing, Next quickly strolled along. The birds were gaily singing On every bush and tree, Sweet-smelling flowerets springing Along the grassy lea: But see I dark clouds are spreading Across the sunny sky, And second, a storm dreading, Rush into third close by- A building old, whose ceiling Of chinks was pretty full, And through it rays were stealing, Dividing shadows dll. Here tiles had fall'n, and ruin And rubbish hid the floor Here holes that let the dew in, And props about a score. A tile oft falls and crashes In atoms on the floor: To first the place to ashes Would be a boon, I'm sure. And yet it stands decaying, A useless, lone recluse, Except when persons straying It for a shelter choose. The clouds soon vanished; brightly The sun did third his rays, And cooling zephyrs lightly Roamed to the distant haze. Fair blossoms deck the meadow, And softly flow her streams; The sun casts out each shadow, As like whole gold he beams. F'. W. PETCHELL. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation Words. Read the Budget, and you will see This hero's deeds of bravery. Oross Words. A mansion, the dwelling of a king; A household pest, a nasty thing; A metal; of great use, 'tis said; This is a part of every head ; A well-known animal is this; A great, ferocious bird, I wis; From this we always drink our beer; A bird whose noise at eve we hear; A town in England we all know; A dwelling-place for beasts, I trow; A European country-- This is the greatest fish, no doubt; A liquid we can't do without; This is an admiral of great fame; An English poet this Will na-ne; My last a vessel will proclaimn. H. H. ADAMS. NUMERICAL CHAR ADES. No. 3.-I am a word of five letters. My 3, 2, 4, 5 is belong- Ing to the air; my 5, 3, 4, 1 is a measure; my 3, 5,4 is a county in Scotland; my 3, 2, 1 is help; my 4, 3, 2, 1 is an in- cursion; my 4, 3, 5 is a beam of light; my 1, 4, 8, 5 is a kind of carriage; my 4. 2, 1 is to set free; my 1, 3, 2, 4, 5 is a milk farm; my 1, 3, 5 is a part of a year; my 1, 4, 5 is barren; and my whole is a daily account.-J. S. HIoKMAN, Hammer- smith. No. 4.-I am a word of thirteen letters. My 13, 6, 3, 12, 4, 5, 2, 7 is a man, woman, or bird, to whom all like to 7, 11, 12, 4, 2, 3; my 13, 8, 10, 7, 4 birds do regularly; my 7, 2, 4, 4, 2, 5 is before you; my 9, 10, 8, 4, 6, 2, 3, 4, is a term used in arithmetic; my 12, 7, 6, 4 is some- times made to give 1, 2, 3, 4 to; my whole may be termed an accomplishment which only a few possess.-AMY DAVIES, Manchester. DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 5. I come with the summer, I come with the spring I live with the birds who in gay chorus sing. 'Tis but a mouthful, this you will endorse; You'll find it in the mouth of every horse. An animal-I hope you will not doubt it, As part of this I could not do without it. In Walker's view, methinks it means to be, If I guess right, encircled by the sea. This is an island, and I have a notion You'll find it somewhere near the Indian Ocean, Regard or reverence this will imply ; To this our friends our duty is to try. An article, and here my knowledge sticks, I b'lieve 'tis used wherewith to carry bricks. I never this in other folk's affairs, For I've enough to do with mine own cares. I come with grief, and ever end with woe, In misery I'm seen where'er I go. My centrals will an island show, To India 'tis near; I trust, for all your trouble, that It may to you appear. G. GRANT, Bayswater. REVERSION S. No. 6. What is done to ships when in harbour if you turn round, Something seen in every house will then be found. PRIn!OE ZAMBINE, Everton. No. 7. What means to rescue if you reverse, The meaning of abused 'twill then rehearse. C. H. ARoHRsn No. 8. What rivers do if you'll turn round, A beast of prey there will be found. G. A. D.
DECAPITATIONS. No. 9. A well-known fish if you'll kindly behead, A large bundle of paper 'twill show instead. H. STANTON, Holloway. No. 10. If you a building will behead, A river you will have instead. POTHOOK No. 11. What's worn by men if you behead, What horses eat you'll have instead. ROBIN HOOD. CURTAILMENT. TNo. 12. Now, all ye witty solvers, A kind of tree curtail, And a small but useful artiole You'll have then without fail. J. O'MAKONY, Cork. PROVERB REBUS. No. 13, W GEORGE, City. PUZZLES. No. 14. One-fifth of slave, Two-fourths of wave, Then take one-fourth of ling; One-fourth of ball, One-fourth of hole, And now one-fourth of wing; If chosen right, You'll bring to sight A harbinger of spring. J. LOVEL, Weaverthorpe. No. 15. One-third of map, One-third of cap, And then one-fifth of brown; One-fourth of home, One-fourth of roam, Will name a foreign town. : . - ,-PRINoE ZAMBINEs Everton. PROVERB REBUS. No. 16,
SI, F. G., London. PALINDROME. No. 17. This is a word that all of us say, It reads just the same either way. J. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. CHARADES. No. 18. If each man would first as he ought A next of his own he'd possess, And ne'er to my whole would be brought ; This simple charade you should guess. JIM. No. 19. My first is an endearing word Expressing filial affection, Where plebeian terms are seldom heard, However groundless the objection; My next brings either joy or pain To first in every rank and station, But woe to him who dares disdain To own his natural obligation; My whole a skill'd artificer is; Or Solomon was much mistaken, In raising solid struotures--viz., The parts less likely to be shaken. ' J. L., Lambeth. TRANSPOSITIONS. No. 20. A healthy game transposed by you, Another game will bring to view. J. PARISH. No. 21. The centre of the earth transpose, A river it will then disclose ; A famous battle there was fought, Which Nelson did not win for naught. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neath.
AOROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIO, No. 22. Cross Words. ' ind this place in Africa Read for next a colour brown I n my third you'll see to snare' - Seke for fourth an English town; 5 ealously this lake search out; B y my sixth is caused much pain - t iglitly guessed this neans to unfold; A nd my eighth's a mountain chain U nto these a serpent write ; N ow, for last, some flowers bright. P.6oundation Words. The primals will gyve, if you read them all down A. queen in a story of Budget renown; The flnals I'm certain, when looked at by you, Will then bring the name of the author to view LOTTr W., Brighton HIDDEN SHAKESPEARIAN PLAYS,. No. 28.-1. I saw Mao bet him a shilling on the race . Don't give him any more hrm. Let him fill up with bred, 8. I like "Chilperio" less every time I see it 4. leasure for me a sure quart of wine. 5. All efforts to save the shr were in vain; the tempestuous waves dashed her e siop rock. 8. Just as you like. It does not matter a straw to a 7. A little while ago I would not have'believed anything bad of Richard. The third theft, however, that he haasst committed makes me think him wicked enough for anything F. W, BINrOT t. ENIGMA, No. 24, "Charge, Chester, charge ! On, Btanley, on ' Were the last words of Marmion. Now, if I had been in Stanley's place, I'd have drawn a tear from every face. B. C. BITHREy, Bedford. VERBAL CHaRADE. No. 26. I'm found in late, but not in time; I'm found in mate, but not in mine; I'm found in taste, but not in fear: I'm found in state, but not in dear; These letters put together aright Will place what is not first in sight. W. WALIWOng. LOGOGRIPS. W. o No. 26. A warlike weapon if you behead and transpose, A wild animal it will soon disclose; Then behead, and if guessed aright, Part of your frame will come to sight. J. MURRAY, Liverpool No. 27. One-fourth of fine, one-fourth of dine, And then one-fourth of lane; Take after that one-fourth of wine, And bring to light a river's name; And now this river please transpose, And if you've done it right, What the train does run upon Will come before your sight; The same beheaded and transposed, CENTRAL: DELETIONS. No. 28. An animal, the centre delete, And 'twill give an article worn on the feet. POTHooc No. 29. What means an endowment, Please take the centre out, Then what means an agent You'll have without a doubt. J. A. LAWRENCE, Kennington. METAGRAMS. No. 30. A kind of hammer if you change head, What painters use you'll have instead. VALIANT CORNISHM[AN, Liverpool., No. 81. A kind of carriage if you change head, To slightly boil you'll see instead ; Change head again, and you will see A river fish it then will be. J. G. BAKER, London. No. 32, A poet in my whole is found: But if you please to change its head, When.you have done it, I'll be bound What is not soft you'll find instead. J. SaITL. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &o., OF LAST WEEK. 1.-Charles Dickens, " Pick- 11.-Scale. wick Papers." Thus: CaP, 12.-A window. Haytl, ArctiC, RicK, LoW, 13.-Montenegro. EnnuI, SceptiC, Duo K, 14.-Drawer. IsliP, CrimeA, KeeP, lrinE, 16.-Clyde. NestoR, SinewS. 16.-Grape. 2.-Epitaph. 17.-Empty vessels possess the 3.-Wolverhampton. greatest sound. 4.-Trowel. 18.-House, shoe, hose, hoe, 5.-Hall, fall, ball, call, pall, he, e. wall, talL 19.--Star, tar, rat. 6.-·Round, bound, sound, 20.-House, hose. mound, pound, found, 1.--France,franc. hound, wound. 22.-B lu e. Thus: Badajoz, 7.--Penn.less. Leignits, Utrecht, Edin- 8.-Canter-bury. burgh. 9.-Sharp, harp. 23.-Because it is matchless 10.-Squire, quire. 24.- N 25.- B ARM NED PEARL HELEN DONEGAL BELG IUI ALTER IDIOT DOE NUT N IsI 26.- LENA 27.- D I SH 28.- HEAD EVEN IDEA EARS NEAT SBEER ARCH ANTS HARP D HA