Our friends MiissRs. WALKER AND STEWARsT to-day take the lead in the RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. D)ICCA PI''rATION. No. 1. While trav\liing on, friends, thr'ough life's dreary way, We all have our troubles in store, Though trouble ne'er troub'es those people who say That trouble's a deuce of a bore. It's not that I trouble myself, my dear friends, With meeting my troubles half way ; Though if trouble should come. why, I do all I ciau To bid all my sorrows good day. Now riddles they of ten will trouble me too, And hard they are for me it times; I often read troublesome riddles in prose, And troublesome riddles in rhymes. But this little riddle won'ttrouble you much; For, whole, I don't mean you to swim ; But decapitate and the trouble is o'er- It won't take you long to guess hiu I 3iitssts. WALKERI AND bTEWARIT, Astley rcul. ACROSTIC. Nao. 2. Foultdglion Wored. The iunitiil will name A well-kpown Ipoet; When the answer you've guessed, To the Editor'show it. Cross Winds. Upon the table this is seen-don't doubt it- And some of you, in your tea, can't do without it. When Young Polk are this, They stop in bed, Atnd many tears Mayhap they shed. Just take a walk illto the Zoo, And then this beast Will come to view. \\ith the English this is a favo'luito drink. Anid soulo of us cin't do without it, I thiink. Tills is a fruit From a foreign climet. 'Tis welcot0le to Young Fiolk At Christmas time. (Cuel's Ilis one, and I will be A Eulro;eau country. 11. 11. A ,.,' . ENIGMA. tNo. 3. I dwell ill the forest hcllnatll the cool shade That lies onl the greenswiard adowt the leep gllde ; I dwell in the forest whenL branches are barle, And Winter's kccn arrows Ily thick throau Ih the air. I dwell inl tihe forest while birds wing their Ili;l ; I see tluhemi eo e ,l tickly filnsl pass ouit o sight. I've dwelt there while centuries o'er Ieo have 1ilihd And now. as illust needs be, 1'ui getting quite hll. A nil still l'nl in vigouri , and there still I snllln . Tihough temposis beat roughly oin sea and on 111 i d ; And there slalli stand till the lill goes Ifor i. "Go level the lord of the fore.t with earthll." Anid tlhtun itn t(scriltion tand sori ehanged ndileed, I shall travtel wherever vily ovlenr shall lead, O(n many long journ'teys ; thuegh if he be pour, hIlnself ihe must cat ry me, you umay be sti e. And thou through the forest I'll wander along At the will of the creature to \ hic I belong ; And he with myself pulls me up by the roots If I interfere with his sports or pursuits. J. \VI LIAM.s, Battersea. METAGRIAM. No. 4. To putsh with the elbow please change head, An historical personage you' 1 have instead; Change again, and then, I trow, This an animal will show ; Fame orce more, and then, I weeu, A kind of mist will now be ssen ; Once more. nud if 'tis done aright, A piece of wood will come to sighr. A. LAWR'ENCE, K cnui:ngtOln. LOGOGRIPH. No. 5. The head of a picture I wish you to change; What's left in a barrel you'll see; Repeat just the change, then nicely arrange, And ia gentle knock then it will be. " Now pray you deprive of its head and trnnsposc, The name for a parent l'nm sure it then hou ws. " W. A. A. DECAPITATIONS. No. G. At dinner, but not at tea. You'll always meet with me; My head re rove, and then I am what's loved by men ; Again apply the guillotine, A quadruped will then he seenu. RIP VAN W\I:', ri; No. 7. Here's a devgpiring oIementt; Behead, and fearthllildge is soeanb, F. WV. BlItNrE.t. CENTRAs DELE i ION. No. 8 PleaSe th tak6 a nuthber Rather more than two, Sw d to view HILDA H.
SQUARE WORDS. No. 9. At first, a place near the Red Sea, My second may be seen; The Arabs use it as their food, A fruit it is, I ween. My third a burning mountain is, In Italy 'tis found ; And if you go too fourth to it, You'll tremble, I'll be bound. W. A. WILLIAMS, Neatbh. LocOor, nrPI No. 10. A narrow strip of wood Behead and then traosp( se, An article you wear Remainder will disclose. FLOSSIE B., Manchester. REBUS. No. 11. NEM O. UM MI:DIC AL CHARADE N In whole an author you will s .e, He is well known to you; And in my3, 9, 2. and 5 An animal you'll view. In 6, 8. 5 there will be seen A colour that you know; And my 7, 8, 4, 9, and 3 A bird to you will show. 9,1.2, 8 a metal is, It's found beneath the ground; For 3.2, 1 6 you will find A title, I'll be bound. An article that barbers use s18 1,4,10.2, 1; In 6, 2, 5 a river to.e'l, Which finishes this con. S. RnO1Nso N.
REBUS. No. 13. / ,/ 'O T'i. , - p > C. CYItL. 1)01li ',1 ACROSTIC. No. 1t. C'ro.s WYords. A ,wlmmer who hath sli.wn that lihe Can brave the dangers of the sea. I n far Anstralia n woods. I ween, I his bird is by the hunter seen. To a~ a lIisuriie hour away, Somnetiums at this we gladly play. 'Ihe king of beasts 'tis said we view When th's we see caged at the Zoo. A pretty name I'm sure is this. And borne by many a pretty miss. What after dinner pa enjoys When we're forbid to make a coise. A foreign fruit, so very nice That you would eat it in a trice. A useful man, who by his skill Protects our frames from winter's chill. A kind of corn grown in our fields. Which food for men and horses yields. A feature in this you may trace Which should adorn the human face. Foundation Words. Now read the primal letters down, The final letters read the same, They'll name two captains of renown i ho've made in history a name. JOHN H. GREEN, Sevenoaks.
ENIGMA. No. 15. We're found in cots which scarce keep out The wintry wind and frost; We've temples in which none have lived, And bridges none have crossed. We're found in palaces as well, 'Midst royal pomp and state; We have no thrones, but yet have crowns We cannot abdicate. We have no colleges or schools, No scholars whom to thrash; Our pupils though, however bright, Are kept beneath the lash. V. It. CARLOSS, Birkenhead. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 16. Of what means to closely look at, The centre please delete, And the order flies belong to I hope you'll have complete. QUEEN MORGAN LA FAY. METAGRAMS. No. 17. Come. riddle solvers, rally round, And listen unto me ; If you would guess this metagram, Attentive you must be. For first, write down a space of time Much longer than a day; Change head, you'll see a kind of fruit- A luscious sort, you'll say. Initial once again please change, Then, if 'tis done aright, A word denoting parchel or dry Will quickly come to sight. Again the change repeat, my friend, Then terror it will mean; Change once again, before your eyes An animal is seen. Now change again, it then denotes The hinder part or back: And here I will conclude, and ceave This nut for you to crack. E. BAXTER. No. 18. My whole is a part of the human frame; But if you change my head, you'll see, If done aright, 'twill quickly name What's often worn by you and me. J. TROWSDALE. ACROSTIC WITH FINALS. No. 19. Foundation Word. Come, all ve clever Budgetiers, Come, all ye riddlers wise, And solve this puzzle, which you see is now before your eyes. My cross words guess and finals take, An I nglish town they show, A seaside one, in summer-time Where many people go. 'Tis but one of the many such Which throng old England's coast, And one of which, without reproach, England may freely boast. There's more that I could say, my friends, But space forbids, 'tis true ; So now thai I have done my best, I'll leave the case with you. Cross W"T nr.. A useful implement, I ween, On every farm it may be seen. A female's name of letters three, A pretty one, you will .gre '. Come guess this; if you do it right, A Budget hero comes to sight. Guess once again, and you will see A portion of the " Y. F. B." A famous river this will show. Which through America doth flow. A British general, brave and true, Who fought and fell at Waterloo. An animal in this you'll scan, A faithful follower of man. Plea-e, Young Folks, for my last put down A pretty seaside English town, And one, I think, of some renown. SiED TAYLOR. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &c., OF LAst WiEli:. 1.-Stone, ton, one. 13.-Coot. Thus : Chea (each), 2.-S. Holland. Thus: Scot- Orange, Out, Tarry. land, Hindostan, Ostrich, 14.-Gong, Hong-Kong. ,ion, Liverpool, Acrostic. 15.-Soar, song, soul. Nonsense, Daisy. 16.-Fog. hog, log. 3.-- Read, real, rear, roam, 17.-Manchester, Chester. reap. 18.- B I R D 4.- O F T 11)": A APE E PI' N DALE ALBAT OS DALE FPETCHELL 19.- HAT S WELM ' S OOL ACRE NEiD TREE ELM SEED ELY 20.- CHIP 5.- Tobacco. H A R E 6.-Spain, pain. I t O N 7.-Score,core, roe, co., ore, P E N T roe, o. 8.-Too many cooks spoil the 21.- T broth. A P E 9.-Swan-sea. C L I M B 10.--Brain, rain. T P I N D Bl R lI.--ools lend books, and C I D N R wise men borrow them. P E A 12.- Ink-pot. Thus : ImP, $ NO, KeenesT. 22.- Little Jack Horner sat in the corner, Eating a hristmas pie; He put in his thumb, and pulled out a plum, And said," What a good boy am I I"