PARLOUR PASTIMES.
A PUZZLE.-A gentleman sent his servant with a present of nine ducks, in a hamper, upon which was the following address :- "To W. Smith Esq. with IX Ducks." The servant, who had more ingenuity than honesty, purloined three of the ducks, and contrived it so, that the number contained in the box corresponded with that upon the direction. As he neither erased any word or letter, nor made a new direction, how did he so alter it as to correspond with the contents of the box? THE SILVER TREE.-Dissolve an ounce of nitrate of silver in about a pint of common distilled water, and when the silver has dissolved, add 4 ounces of mercury, to which add another pint of distilled water, and let it then remain untouched. In a few days the mercury will appear covered with a number of little branches of a silver colour, will remain as long as the glass bottle is kept well stopped, and not too frequently removed. N.B.-This is for a large bottle, it can be made smaller in proportion. THE LEAD TREE.-TO a piece of zinc fasten a wire, crooked in the form of the worm of a still; let the other end of the worm be thrust through a cork. You then pour water into a phial, to which you add a small quantity of sugar of lead; thrust the zinc into the bottle, and with the cork, at the end of the wire, fasten it up. In two days the tree will begin to grow, and have a most beautiful effect. FIRE FROM TWO COLD LIQuIos.-Put a small quantity of aquafortis into a saucer; add a few drops of oil of turpentine, caraway, or any other essential oil, and a flame will be instantly produced. To PRODUCE FIRE IN WATER.-Fill a saucer with water, and let fall into it a piece of potassium, about the size of a bean. The potassium will instantly burst into flames with a slight explosion, and burn vividly on the surface of the water, darting at the same time from the one side of the saucer to the other with great violence, in the form of a beautiful red hot cannon ball.
How TO PREPARE A CANDLE THAT THE STRONGEST WIND WILL NOT BLOW our.-Put some salt upon a linen rag, and roll it round the candle ; you may then light the candle, and it will burn all away, even if you have it out all the while in a stormy wind. CHARADES. MY first is fun's name for a maiden so bright, My second's a vowel I ween; My third on the table is placed every night, And my whole in our bay can be seen. I AM a word, plural indeed, But friend in time of want and need To " woman in her hour of ease, Uncertain, coy, and hard to please." Wife or mother-mistress, maid, As pastime, courts my plastic aid. In history's page, in Egypt's fame, I'm linked with Cleopatra's name. Sailors by me their course direct, And seas and oceans intersect; Constant, unerring-I'm deem'd, in sooth, Fit emblem of unswerving truth. But singular the change I make, If I another letter take; Plural I then straight cease to be, And useful, useless then you see. REBUS. THE father of the Grecian Jove; A little boy who's blind; The foremost land in all the world, 'The mother of mankind; A poet whose love-sonnets are Still very much admired; The initial letters will declare A blessing to the tired. ENIGMAS. 1. What remnant of feudal times, to be found in Ireland and Ger- many, united to a celebrated State of America, will indicate a Victorian gold-field ? 2. There is a word of 7 letters, whose first three may be often seen among the Melbourne and Sydney arabs; its last four with a mounted trooper; and the whole is often used for a bridge. 3. I am composed of 9 letters: my 2, 8, 7 is a preserved limb; my 1, 8, 6 is a quadruped and avenger of crime; my 5, 2, 4, 3, 6 is the subject of a doleful song, by a witty writer; my 9, 8, 7 often indulges my 7, 4, 5, 9, in 1, 2, 8, 6, 5, with an eye to make a 7, 8, 6, 1, 2, but not being 5, 7, 8, 3, 6, is considered 8, 9, 5, and left out of the 7, 8, 5, 9 of 7, 4, 3, 6, 2, which attends my whole. A BUNDLE OF CONS. (nY OUR OWN REAPER.) WHY is a lean dog like a man in meditation ?-Because he is a thin cur (thinker). WHY should a quill pen never be used in inditing secret matters ?- Because it is apt to split. WHY is a glutton like a ghost ?-Because he's always a gobbling. WHICH is the most dishonest of the vowels ?-E, because it is always in debt. (We do not agree with this: E may be the most insolvent, but A is the most dishonest, because it is always in gaol.) WHAT kind of essence does a young man like when he pops the ques- tion ?-Acqui-escence. WHAT did Lot do when his wife turned to salt ?-Took a fresh one. WHAT soup would cannibalsaprefer ?-A broth of a boy. WHAT is the difference between a special pleader and a poacher ?-One lives by the splitting of hairs, the other by the snaring of hares. A CONUNDRUM FROM HOME.-Why is England the most important country in Europe ? Answer-Because England has two Houses, whilst France has only two Chambers; Austria has but a Cabinet; Turkey has only a Porte (or door), and the Roman States nothing but a chaise (or chair). SPECIAL CON FOR CHRISTMAS. How do the five proper names first mentioned in the Bible contain the first record of corporal punishment? EPITAPH ON A FAVOURITE FELINE. So rare her virtues, it were shabby Not to lament my faithful tabby;! She lived as pure as any roach, She died sans PURR et sans reproche,