PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. ■(ributi'jns for insertion in thi Journal must bs endorsed 'JÎHİgnM-cal Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within ix Jays of publication of the pastimes. All letters must bs uxted.
1. ENIGMA. I'm never black or green, 'tis true, But yet I'm red, white, pink, or blue ; 1 sometimes go to sleep at eight, Olť η 1 don't stay up so late; 1 so" ι times wake at dawn or' day, ÜHeu asleep I later stay ; And ou th« water oft I be, But I'm on shore more frequently. Harky Ldcas. 2. CHAKADE. To lie in my first, and get my second, li thc way to get my whole, 1 reckon. F.J. Stimson. 3. ACROSTIC. Part 'f a house. A foreign title. A hot country. A m»D ? ьа"".й A food composed of raw herbs. A p'rsecuted ],ur <<u ..eing. A metal The finals read downwards will Sive Uu surname of an English soldier who fought with the Hack ľrince. W. T. Bbrnktt. TRANSPOSITION. My whole, mayhap, in the etreet you view j Transpose, a tree is shown unto you. CUAALKS IÎJCMMINOS. ENIGMA. I'm found in sea and water, But ntver ia dry land ; I'm always found in matter, But never iu the sand ; I'm a native of the ocean, And also of the shore ; But I hate all kind of motion, And am privately fond of more. D. S Cox. 6. TRANSPOSITION. A simple word my whole you'll find, Aud of я street it is a kind ; Curtailed, transposed, will briug to mind What's hard to pull against the wind Jamks С Scholes. 7. CHARADE My first will disclose, if you transpose, Which when you drink, your lips you sink Into ι he rosy wine ; My second, when read backwards instead, A hue will show to you, I know ; To whole your thoughts incline ; It is on the wall, jt creature, small, Wheu Bruce he lay ia a tint, be spied Whole hanging by a line. Charlks Hkmminos. 8. CHARADB. Kind friends, at my commencing this You'll thiuk I'm rather sow ¡ But let me ask for your notice, A short time, ere 1 go. If you will sort the ladiee' names, My first you're sure to find, My second also is known to fame, Which is of the same Und. If you'll proceed with thii, the same, And simply join tbe two, You'll find mv whole's a ltdy's name, That ia well kuowu to you. Now all ye riddling bards, please try The answer for to guess. And if you cau't, I'll say a Good-bye," Aud leave you ш the miss. Jahes C. Scholks. 9. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A frame, much used in factories. A river in Europe. A rauaical instrument, used by niggers. A hotherbood Un- 'ih · ч f Roman emperoi·. Btneath. An article of food ¿««initials and finals, read downward, will name two kinds R. YSLSSOKC.
10 DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. This will name a well-known fruit. 8. And this a kiud of plant, or root. 8. This is a word that means threadbare. 4. And this will паше a hid of prey. The puraals and Hnali, if read aright, Will bring two wi-ll-ku «wn flowers to light. T. Rbnshall. 11. CHARADE. From first a cavalier was sent W'ith messages to Ust, On whole my mind it was intent, When. In t a sudden blast Did take the papers from his hand, Aud blew them far away ; For neglect, in a foreign land, He's banished, there to etay. Charlks Hkmminos 12. TRANSPOSITION. Mv whole to view Will show to you What married female« wear; B» lied, transpose, Then I disclose What mauy females share. Again behead, And then, instead, I'm a prep «ition sound; But now curtail. And, without fail, I'm oue of the vowels fouud. J. С Scholm. 18. SQUARE WORDS. 1 To fancy, or think. 9. The margin, or brink. 8. And these are, ,1 wot, 4 ln this alwaye got. Andkkw Jack.