PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. mtributions for the Prite Competition mutt bt endorsed " Enigmatical Pastimes." Solution* mutt be tent within six days of publication of the pastimes. All letters must be dated.
192. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A chart, to assert, a Hebrew teacher, a wedge, shadowy, to ■aut'y, simple, a kind of grain, ii.flrm, a game at cards, ouie or copper gilt, a scriptural паше, suares, to unde' go. uc muíala aud hauls reiU oowuwarüe will give the ns he " suppose you tried to run, How far do you think you 'dgo Before my tirst would be out of you ?" Says I, " three miles or tu ; " " Oh I" he " replied that's a mistake, It quickly can be reckoned." 1 tried to do it, but I found That I had done my secoud. My whole, dear reader, when yon are dead. Can truly then of you be said. J. Pullman. 198. CHARADE. Whilst war's drama was enacting, Layui« low the haughty Gaul, And the sturuy sons ut Pru-sia Answered to ther country's call, , Men a-d youths ol all my finals To 'hai dire theatre sped— Each ai.d al· witb the object lheir blond iu tel -defence to shed. And when Paris was surrounded By the invader's myriad hosts, Trochu and his first ot patriots No ily stuck to all their potts. Till grim Famine, in her ghaitlinest, Spread her meagre armt aiound, Compelling now ihem to surrender;^ But with laurels they are crowned. And Old England did her duty, When the battle-fit ds were strewed. Wim es aud otber heip weie sent them, Redounding to our country's good. W.B.Mason. 199. TRANSPOSITIONS. Whole I am a large country, drop a letter and I am a coin, re»'ore, tinne, ose, ai ü cuitad me, and I um a kiud ot play, raurpoae agam and turnul ne, and I am pari, ot the uody, *>ut»u me and 1 am a catu. Wm. Fenwick.
200. DECAPITATIONS. One very hot day, two boys weut to play, To try whicb should flrst sede the wall; Whm one cried out witb an angry ahout, " You 're a —— " aud he men г med my whole. They soon got to b'ows, aud of course broke the peace, And lougbt iiii eacn fonun buy bied; But their anger toon ceased and their strife soon decreased, Wben tbey lelt my whole deprived ut its head. They rested awhile, theu homewards turned, And to do my third ran very fa-t; They soon forgot both an ser aud stufe, When transposed they had my last. С aud A. Greknhalgh. 201. METAGRAM. I am a useful thuw, And used by every boy ; For uut ut me ye sing, And children with me toy. Iu every stationer's I am, And abo every hon e ; I am written by mauy a man, And round tbe world I roam. Change my head and you will see, lt is a common uouu ; Briug it to view and it wid be, A man of great renown. Now change my head again, 1 'in uselul to a rod ; Por very oft with meu I'm used to catcu the cod. Change my head once moie, A kind ot verb 'twill be; It means "toexpeci," 'to behold" of jore, And also means " to see." The process repeat again, A corner is to view ; Now Ίο the same and then, A biid twill show to you. Now once more change my head. The past tense of " ю receive." Cui tail and then instead, Au ad vei b you will perceive. John Ward. 202. CHARADE. My first in " Handy Bjb " is to be seen, My secoud in " Old ťtte " is I ween ; "Ralph Rattleton," engages my next, " Cuirassiers ut ihe Guaid '' ends the first of my text. " Wi ip tbe Wiad," has the fifth, '' Lionel VVesiraore " posseatet the sixth ; " Karl the Unlan " tenants the seventh, " Harlequin Hal " has tbe third off eleventh. My whole tu ".Sous of Britannia " is seen ; A famous story that it or has been. С aud A. GaKKNii AI.QH. 203. CHARADE. A name belongiu,- to tbe male kind Wui be first, I am sure you'll find; Fruit is secund, large, and guod, Very agreeable, aud pi. asant for food, My whole, is the uame of islands fair Found in the Eastern Hemisphere. Eoward E. Trton. 204. CHARADE. My first is the subject of many a tale, And my second is truly the juice of grapei, Mv first to please you never will fail, My second lies in various shapes. Sometimes it's red, often wbite. My whole sometimes is cursed, Wben drinking of my second bright, You olten praise my first. Charles Hemminqs. 205. BIOGRAPHICAL PROBLEM. 1. A celebrated poet, died 1616. 2. A celebrated painter, died ί /34. 3. A learned Irishman, died НчЗ. 4. An eminent classical scholar, died 1808. Б. A celebrated mathematican, died 1631. 6. A renowned bridge builder, dud 1789. 7. A celtbnted English admiral, cied 1806. 8. A celebrated writer on political ecouumy, died 1790. 9. A celebrated dramatist, died 10-Γι. 10 An emineut philosopher, died 17-7. The initials of the above read downwards name a celebrated engineer. Geo. J. Bell. 206. 11 CHARADE. A fruit 1 mean ; Part of vour trame is seen, Whtn I am b refi of litad. My «hole ertili, And wiihout fail, I 'm a kind of pulte instead. James С Scholrs.
207. SQUARE WORDS. Mischief or injury fir*t will disclose, An opeu suxe is tecond , My third is slumber, or repose, And last acompduion is reckoned. J.T. l'ALMsa. 208. CHARADE. My first, when it d ıh appear, Maki s many н ho ne quitt desolate; My s· coiul marly all ladies wear. Especially tims. in a mairitd state; My la-t is a Kin ι ut weight Of the largest kind ; My whole a town will bring to sight, In Lanc.cslii.e you will it fiud J. Fisukr Larne. 209. CRYPTOGRAPH TOWNS. Hznzuzmxz. Ζ Istruivo. Tom? It. Charles Hemminos. Hgkvgvihyfit. Sín>fij. Yliwvzfe. S ingnniwim. Yzblmmv. Z*irzmJkv. 210. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Wars iude alarms have ha ipily ceased, And first has m in piociaiimd ; Poor Franco lies bleeding in the dust Aud tin .Is bave been named. О may tne conqueror pity »how ϋ,Όΐι a brave and fallen foe. 1. The Sons or Bsitannia, as you will see, Would be as nought if wanting me. 2. When work is done, then me уоц desire When smoking your pip by a nice cot) fire. 3. Our 'rieiid, " vVimuker," as sure as a gun 11·>a hard to d sgu.se me wheu sending a pun. 4. He also is clever iu wilting my next, The solving ot' which lias ofi nie ρ rplext. à. You 'll find my rnili without an end So now my third be pleased to send. Geo. J. Bell. 211. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My tir-t to last is opposite, Be first not last to solve this right, 1. Let me my tiret around >ou throw, 2. Arc )ou -croud my ď arest s m, 3. For pleasure 'о third let us go, 4. Aud buy a fourth to have sumo fun, Б. Reversed, the last we will shun. Charlks Hemminos.