SENIOR.
Prize-winner for July-Alan E. Smith, aged 15. A corY of '`The Story of the L.M.S." (or, if already. possessed, another book) will be awarded to the competitor, over the age of fourteen and under eighteen,! -who .sends in the best answers. Name, address,, and'age of competitors must be given, and all answers must reach'" Gardener " by September 25th. BIBLE ENIGMA. '(Give names.) In this enigma many names appear, Each telling for itself why mentioned here. The letters which commence each name, combined, Will form a sentence, which you now must find. The Jewish priests displayed it, graven with art. But God alone can write it on the heart. 1. I longed to see God's holy house rise from its rains drear. 2. My ground, from wonders worked thereon, became a holy place. 3. I sought to teach Eve's daughters vain in God's eternal fear. 4. I plighted faith to Israel's king, though not of Israel's race. 5. To soothe a king's vindictive wrath I yielded up my breath. 6. With clear, prophetic eye I saw God's Judgment day appear. 7. In righteousness I judged the land, -and Israel mourned my death. 8. The thought of my most grievous sin caused many a bitter tear. 9. In holy charity I lived, soothing the orphan's woe. 10. Amidst a nation's heroes bold, I struggled for the right. 11. My son, at God's supreme command, from land to land did go. 12. I made a compact with a king; 'twas pleasing in God's sight. 13. I freed a captive from his chains, after long years of grief. 14. God's holy care preserved my son from His im- pending wrath. 15. The doom of Edom I foretold, and Israel's sure relief. 16. I spurned advice of godly men, to choose the guilty path. 17. The power of Israel's mighty God, I could not well defy, And now a headless, handless stump upon the ground I lie.
JUNIOR. ANSWER TO BIBLE ENIGMA. ", Repent." JuNIor Competitors are asked to write a missionary- story in their own words, which, however, mists . not exceed five hundred. As it is a' holiday month, no: questions will be set. RESU T OF SCRAP-BOOK COMPETITION. THE Rev. G. Wilkinson, who has so kindly given the prizes for ;this cgmpetition, wishes to say how delighted. he is with many of the books sent in. The following- are the prize-winners :- 1sT DrrIsIoN.-Arthur Pegrum, aged 14; Frank: Bending, aged 14; Lewis McKenzie, aged 15. 2ND DIvIsIbN.-Gwynneth Gurney, aged 7; John Scott, aged S; Percy Home, aged 11. Highly commended.-Gladys Collins, Francis Drake, Leonard Fearnley, James King, Margaret Powell. RESULT OF THE DRAWING COMPETITI6N. Prize-winner-F. H. Fradd, aged 10. Highly commended-Dorothy Bondfield, Lucy Davies, Ellen Hodgkin, Margaret Hoon, Kathleen Morris,. George Rayner, Cicely Terry. RESULT OF QUARTER'S PRIZE COMPETITIONS. 1ST DIVISION.-lst prize-winner, Alice Martin, aged. 12 ; 2nd prize-winner, Dorothy Wench, aged 12. 2mD DrvrsIoN.-lst prize-winner, Ethelwyn Ibbotson,_ aged 10; 2nd prize-winner, Nellie-Cooper, aged 11. Most honourably mentioned.-1lsT DIvISION.-W. B. Carnley, K. Clapham, A. Cunnington, I, and M. Harris, K. Morri, E. and M. Nicholson, W. Turner,. M. Turner-Smith, D. Palmer, J. E. Ridges, C. E. Weller, H. Boult, F. Stroud, M. Sears, C. Hudson (Bible only). 2ND DivrsIoN.-K. Gurney, P. Horne, R. and J. M. Ridges, T. Wench. DOLL-DRESSING COMPETITION. FouE prizes will be awarded to the Competitors under- the ages of 17 (1st Division) and 13 (2nd Division) who send in the most neatly dressed dolls to "Gardener" by September. 25th. No account will be taken of the.- value of the dolls themselves, which, however, must not be wax ones, and should have dark hair. The dresses- should be of bright colours. The Competitors in the 1st Division must cut out as well as make all the clothes..