priz;|5 ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. > I: · ■·- ... <· V-1 -t ' »'tj ľ ! · OontrUutions for insertion in this Journal must te endorsed "Bnigmatiiol Vastimu." Solutions must be tent within Ast dayı of publication of tke pátlhUt. ЛИ tilter t 'mustie dated. ' ,л -'·.:-···.·*■.. ,dV*,v ,,«
72. CHARADE. My first we very often see On occasions of festivity; Aud certain 'tis, ere very long, I'll see it placed a height upon. And ere this day be at its close, I'll walk upon it if I chooae. My next the waves do oft enfold, л nobler eecoud you ne'er behold ; Her ruler is one ot highest degree, And her first is ever first at sea ; A grand first-second is my whole, May the waves beneath her proudly roll. ALPHA. 73. CONUNDRUM. This con. I put to all who're witty. Say, if I wished to buy tome game, What place in this great London city Would be the best to get the same f Charles Himmings, 74. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. A British admiral is here in view. 2. This, I'm certain, has beeu sung by you. 3. These all over Ireland scatter. 4. To get into this is a serious matter. r>. This is a pretty female name. 6. A cry of horror this will frame. eaders, the initials read down, maik well I Give the name of a hero ; as each week you see ; The finals read up a good man will tell ; Bothcliaractiij are seen in the Sona Òf В. John Повеет Daniel. 76. CHARADE. The setting sun was gilding alt the trees, And honey-laden bees were hiveward humming, As hunter Bill alone tramped on, aud thought,— " Now Mary at tbe door expects my coming." The ancient trunks grew scarce and far between, As home Bill struggled with the game he'd shot ; He came to rising ground, and then looked down On his once peaceful valley, and saw—«hat f A cabin burning, and a woman dead. With gouti of blood upon her golden hair, And her still features deeply stained with first, Reflected from the bnrniug cabin's glare. Bill knelt, acd rogistered'a solemn oath, and then strode forth into the gathering night; On that pale face one last fond glance he turned, Rushed madly on, and disappeared fron sight. For daya he tracked the murderer of his wifo,— Chief of a mighty tribe, a crafty wh Je, HİB conscience hardened, though a course of crime Lay, like a leaden weight, apon his soul. At last they met; the savage, fairly cowed, Tried to retreat, that he might save his second ; But, nol 'twas nbt to be ; a snort., sharp crack, And the foul murderer with the dead is reckoned. F. Leigh. Ь - 1' 76. CHARADE. My firat can gape, and make you grin ; It nai a heard, without a chin ; My astat ia impudeuce, I know ;' Yet why should people love it ao f lif whole is used my first to dress, Tet always puts it in a mesa. ' V -. 77. METAGRAM. Upon the river I am seen, And ala« on the s«-a ) Nov ehanl· e my head, and then, I ween, Upon your back 'twill be. Chang· fAiad again, and I am found Around я castle old ; Change head again, and I abound Within vite shepherd's fold. WlLLIAH MtTLLITT. 78 SQUARE WORDS. A river which through Europe flows. A range оАчпктпЫия this will disclose. An article,.наперовеd by vou. . This a ris»! rill bring to view. 1 Снатькв бивмнахеи. G. J. Bell.
7». DOUBLE ACROSTIC. To name a tala Firsts will not fail | And finals will tell yon That which 1 say, This very day. Of it become should you. 1. To gather this one yon will find. 2. A drug, curtailed, this brings to mind. 3. Some people like to drink this well. 4. Inherent valne this will tell. 6. You'll find this is an English town. 6. Here put a burning moautaui down. 7. In deserts this a pleasant space. 8. a state of metals here you'll trace. 9. And that which is the last, I know, To yon an English town will show. Ja m «a Whit taxée. 80. DECAPITATION. Men's fortune often have I made ; Here I stand, a gallant blade As ever \ou did see; Grasp me—en v.. jour wţy to fome, Ani try to bear a gallaut name, - ' ' that ahall respected be. Now if you shorten by a htad, Yon have a thing which oft iaaaid In conversation here. Another letter now pitase take, Transposed, it şa ikes the schoolboy quake And howl for ver.v ¿cai. :> · ■ .· j. i t Quill. 81. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. A Bengalese city. Shut, br fastened. A town in Prussian Saxony. A place iu Africa. An finglish writer of tragedie·. A king of Argos. A female name. The initial«, third letters, and finala, name three Hritish counties. ' F. J. Роаткн.