PRIZE ENIGMATICAL PASTIMES. jntnbutions for insertion in this Journal must be endorsed " Km (/ma. cal Pastimes." Solutions must be sent within six days of publication of the pastimes. All letters must be dated
82 SQUARE PUZZLE. 1. ApiiuUr, of world-wide renown. 2. A famous river now put down. 3. lining, or eating by degrees. 4. A couutry, found beyond the seas. 6. lu peril may you this aye tind. 6. This is a heavy storm of wind. 7. tot this au artist call to mind. Andrew Jack. 83. C iARADE Great ridiUit g bards, a humble charade I now present lo your view. An author for prime, whose books any time Мяу have be&n perueed by you. My prime you will tell is second a ι well. My third you will please to invert, А с dour will rise before your ejes ¡ Pray excuse me for being so pert. Now. my reader denr, I greatly do fear That you with my verse I shall tire; My fabulous whole they say is iu coal, Or lives iu a hot roaring fire. Quill. 84. CHAIUD E. If you my first transpose, An animal it will disclose ; And if you my second want to know, Il a vowel will surely show ; Interval will give my mxt; So, dear reader, ends my text. Stop 1 1 forgot ! The whole, combined aright by jou, Naval it will bring to view. Charlks Grbenhalgh. 85. ' FLOWERS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. Absence of mind, a pronoun, and a negation. 2. A dwelling, and a vegetable. 3. A vehicle, and a neo pie. 4. A Latin p.t tix and a man's name. 5. A coin, and illustrious. 6. Tattered, aud a bud. Geo. J. Bkll, 86. PUZZLE. Put down the head of any m m, With fifty after that, Then finish with я single "ne, And you will have quite pat Displayed in whole, xs you will ser, What 'tis not good for man to be James Wiiittaker. 87. CHARADE. From out the ivied tower Л mel' dy doea swell ; 'Tis my last which owns this power; lie notes do higher s л ell. My primal of last is a part; The who'es nre out of ι une, What tales they to tin» mind impart \ To some they are a boon. They'd tell a hundred Me?, 'lis true, If ouly they could epenk ta you. ιΊι mi i, tis Немы t nos 88. ENIG M i. In tbe YoiJHo Briton each week I appear, And the Sons or Britannia's columns I share; I am mixed up a deal wit', the things of exchange, Though I never barter, th's may веет rather strange; But in every solution you're sure to find me, Tn romance and good stoiy ľni certain to be; I love in the sweet sylvan wood to repose, I hide in the violet, the woodbine, aud rose, The cowslip »nd primrose, and each lovely flower; Concealed I abide iu tbe true lover's bower; I join in the musical notte of each voice, Iu.love's flowing ace nts I often rej lies; On mornings to et'hool-ro >ms I pointedly go, With m ist sebo 1-boy sports I am mixed up, I know; li orthography, geography, I'm separátu never, «nd jn conversation I am tlmught to he clever; In ref ros i f all k'nd I win approbttlou, Tho' arqu«intanca I know noni. ı'm with wh relation; In wedlock you'll find me, wi'liout anv ilonbt I'm in your own homestead, eo please lin ' me out. ALPHA.
89. DOUBLE ACRO>TIC. 1. My first you'll see is an English town. Ί Atid for this one ч thought pur, dowu. 3. This is a to*о iu Se t. *n К. And this ıs oft by you writ down. 7. This in a fain.er'3 helu does grow. 8 Aud at this tine mows i', I know. 'J. This one will show an Fngiish town. 10. Αι.d last another ot reuuwu. My first, no doubt, my primals name And last aud finals are the same. William Mľllkti. 80. GEOGRAPHICAL CENT KAL ACROSTIC. 1 Au Euglish manufacturing town. 2. Atom in Massachussets, also an English town with a cathedral. 3. Au Euglish meuntain. 4. An Irish *eaport, aud an amer'cau city. 5. Au Irish borough, au English couuty, and a town iu tour American states. 6. An English market town. 7. A Scotch seaport. 8. An English town, and a town in British America. 9 Au E glish town, noted for i>8 salt springe. 10. Aa English town. The centml letters of the above, which forms a square, read downwards, will name an Euglish town, fammi, tu his¬ tory. P. J. Porter.