13ri3e Competitions. SENIOR. Prize-winner for 'une-Eva Paterson, aged 14.
A coPy of "The Story of the L.M.S." (or, if already possessed, another book) will be awarded to the competitor, over the age of fourteen and under eighteen, who sends in the best answers. Name, address, and age of competitors must be given, and all answers must reach ' Gardener " by August 25th. ANSWER TO BIBLE CHARACTER. Lot. MISSIONARY QUESTIONS. 1. What was the object of the first, religious persd~ution in Madagascar ? 2. By whom was it commnenced ? 3. What was the result of that persecution? 4. How long has the country been free from persecution and with what result ? 5. Another persecution has commenced. Since when ? and by whom ? 6. Give any -particulars you can regarding the second persecution. J UNIOR. Soar prizes will be given every quarter to boys and girls under the age of fourteen- (1st Division) and twelve (2nd Division) who send in the best answers to " Gardener," 14, Blomfield Street, E.C., before the 25th of each month. Name, age, and address of com- petitors must be given. ANSWER TO BIBLE ENIGMA. " Feed My lambs."
What mother told her son'his father to deceive ? Who, when the lie was proved, most bitterly did grieve Who thrice denied his Lord, then sorely wept? Who, through God's goodness was by ravens kept ? Who dreamt a wondrous dream, which Daniel did explain ? And who believed not till he'd seen his Lord again ? Take the first letter from the names Of those I here havre given, And you will see what all must do, Ere they can hope for heaven. (Give names and Bible references.) UNFINISHED STORY COMPETITION. (TFill in the missing words, and finish the story.) ROBERT MoiRISON, the - of ChinesB' Missions, was born on 17n at . His father was a - , and removed, when Robert was three years old, to Newcastle, to become a .--~ . His.- gave him a good education, though the boy was said to be a great - . When he was - years old he, became - to liis father, and was very - . In 18- he began to prepare himself for being a -. -He worked at his trade from six to six, and the rest of his time he - ". He entered Hoxton Academy in 18-, and after a time was accepted by the - . After a two years' course, he studied medicine and astronomy, and also --, and he sailed for China in ---. In - he married Miss - . In two years he was able to speak and write the - , and began to translate the - , and also prepared a Chinese - . In 18- he had the joy of baptizing - , the first convert in China of Protestant --. In 18- the entire- was translated by himself and Dr. Mfilpe. He died at - in 18-, aged -, leaving DOLL-DRESSING COMPETITION. Foun prizes-will be awarded to the Competitors -under the ages of 17 (first division) and 13 (second division) who send in the most neatly dressed dolls to " Gardener" by September 25th. No account w-ill be taken of 'the value of the dolls themselves, which, however, must not be wax ones, and should have dark hair. The dresses should be of bright colours. The Competitors in the 1st division must cut out as well as make all the clothes.