JUVENILE CHRISTMAS PARTY COMPETITION. (Junior Prize Papr) .
LEASE, Mamma, may I have a party ? do let me, it would be such fun." It was Caroline Hayes that spoke; she was just entering on her thirteenth year, in fact, it was the night before her birthday, when she asked the question of her mamma, with which our story opens. "A party, my dear," returned Mrs. Hayes, "when do you want it '" "On my birthday, Mamma." "Do not you think that one party a week is enough," said IMrs. Hayes. " W(hy ; are we to have a party this week ? I did not know," said Carry. " Yes, my dear; and I want you to think of games to
amuse the company. There will be your cousins George and Harry coming, and William and Reginald don't come home till to-morrow morning." "'Well, Ma', I never thought of that. If we have a party on Christmas Day, we mlst have some mistletoe"; and away she ran to make her arrangements. Great preparations in the way of baking, decorating, etc., were going on at Fairleigh Manor for the aforementioned party ; and very pretty the room looked, when, on the night of Christmas Day, it gradually became filled with a laughing, merry crowd of boys and girls, ranging in age from live to. fifteen. When all had arrived they went to tea, two and two. What a feast they had! cakes, tarts, preserves-everything that was good ; and you may be sure there was not much left after such a hungry multitude had partaken of it. After tea, the children returned to the play-room, and then arose the cry, " What shall we play at? " " Oh, Stations," called out Wilfrid Hepworth. " How do you play ?"'' called out another child. " Well, first, you all sit a little distance apart from each other, and each choose the name of a station; one of the number is blindfold and stands in the middle of the room ; then he calls the names of two stations; the persons who have chosen those names change places, and the blindfold man tries to catch them, or else to take their seats before they reach them. The one who is caught or whose seat is taken is, of course, blind-folded then." "I don't see why we should not play at it," said Edwin Dunn. So they played for twenty minutes, and then changed for a new game, which was succeeded by " Blind Man's Baut " (what children's party over was complete without that game ?), "Hunt the Slipper," and some small charades, acted by the elder children for the amusement of the younger ones. At eight o'clock, Mrs. Hayes entered with a Christmas tree, and was welcomed by shrieks of joy. After the excitement caused by MIrs. Hayes' entrance had passed away, some of the younger ones shewed signs of sleepiness, but brightened up as " supper " was announced. They certainly did not go down stairs in a very drowsy manner, but rushed into the dining-room, making the jellies shake in their dishes. Soon all were seated, and supper commenced. Crash ! from one end of the room, and at the same time a series of howlings from the same quarter. " Oh, dear," sighed Mrs. Hayes, and she rushed off to see what was the matter. Johnny Ray was discovered to have drunk some hot tea, dropped his cup in fright, burnt himself, and spilled his tea down his best clothes. He was soon quieted; but troubles never come singly, and so Mrs. Hayes soon found; two small boys were quarrelling as to who should have the last tart that was left on a dish ; they were both daubed with jam, and in a most sticky condition. Accident after accident occurred, and Mrs. Hayes was growing thoroughly tired of them, when the servant an- nounced, Miss Ray, for Johnny. As it was growing pretty late, mammas, nurses, and sisters began to arrive for the children. By 9.30 all the children had departed, bearing with them the remains of a tart, an apple, an orange, or anything they happened to be eating when sent for. Then there was the table to clear and the rooms to put tidy, and at 10.30 the last tired member of the household went to bed, and all was soon in silence. You will wonder, I claresay, if many of these juveniles were ill the next day, but I am glad to say none were any worse, except Johnny Ray, who, having a large appetite, and being a small boy, was rather out of sorts. It is wonderful none of the others were ill from the amount of provisions consumed the day before at Fairlcigh Manor. Any ScoTT ASLIN (13').