PUZZLE PAGES. 23.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
A COURAGEOUS young Roman, who, when a foreign king was besieging his native ci determined to die or kill this sovereign. He failed in his design; and, when brought bes the monarch to answer for his conduct, informed him, without reserve, of his country and obje at the same time thrusting his right hand into a fire burning on the altar before him. "y see," cried he, "how little I regard the severest punishment your cruelty can inflict. A Rom knows not only how to act, but how to suffer. I am not the only person you have to fear. TI hundred Roman youths like me have conspired for your destruction; therefore prepare forth attempts." The ding, astonished. at his intrepidity, generously ordered this fearless youth to conducted back to Rome, and offered the besieged conditions of peace.
1. A celebrated man, burnt for his religion, who, when bound to the stake, first held his right hand over the flames until it was en- tirely consumed, crying out, "This hand has offended." 2. An Emperor of Rome, who, when a candi- date for the empire, entered the senate house, and addressed those who were assembled in the following speech:-" Fathers, you want an em- peror, and I am the most fitting person you can choose." 3. A Roman, who bore the proud title of the first Christian emperor. The reason of his con- version was this event :-Marching against a tyrant, he suddenly saw in the air a cross, sur-
rounded by these words, traced in lotters of "By this sign thou shalt conquer." 4. A nobleman, imprisoned by an Eng' king, and afterwards beheaded. The Prince Wales favoured him, and used to say, "S no king but my father would keep such a bi in a cage." 5. Which of the Casars wrote the letter c taining these memorable words: " Yeni, vi vici ?" 6. A celebrated writer who lived in t eighteenth century. When on his death-bed sent for his son-in-law, the Earl of Warwick(h was an infidel), to whom he said, "Ihave sent you that you may see how a Christian can di
Of each name now the fifth letter take; When you've done so, then soon you will see, The answer you're sure to find out : It a puzzle no longer will be. CHARADES.
24. Against advice, one gloomy night, Scarce heeding what I had to say, My second went, attired in white, To join some friends a mile away. She lost my first, so she came back; She'd slipped into a muddy hole. She went out white, but came in black; It served her right: she was my whole. 25. What is that sound the silence breaks? 'Tis martial music, loud and clear. An army comes: the firm ground shakes With their measured tread, as my whole appear. Their waving plumes, their helmets bright, Proclaim my second's in my first; My whole is, too, my first in fight, As headlong on the foe they burst.
26. O'er distant hills the rising moon The evening mist dispersed; And, beaming radiant from her tro:me, She plainly showed my first. A horseman, now seen by her light, Approached with headlong speld: And, as he passed, my second said, To urge his foaming steed. For his lady-love still waited, Though the trysting hour was ipa"' My whole she was, in truth, because He was my third and last. 27. Ofttimes you'll find, laid up in store, Within my first, my second. In tales of love, and deeds of war, Quite fair my whole is reckoned.
28.-LUNE. What well-known firm does this represent?
29.-TRANSPOSITION. PUSSNEA.-A Parthian general of most consummate ability. He was brave, remarkably ndsome, well skilled in military affairs, and, in wealth and authority, next to the king himself. the was put to death by his ungrateful sovereign, who was jealous of his fame and power. MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS.
30. The City of London made the Princess lexandra a present of the value of 10,0001. ppose they had given her half the amount in o gold sovereigns-46¼8 of which exactly igl 1 lb. Troy-they would probably have en her about her own weight of standard I. If this supposition be correct, what is ut her weight? 31. The following were the Census returns of pulation in the United Kingdom of Great itain and Ireland in 1851 and 1861:- 1851. 1861. nglsd and Wales . 17,927,609 20,066,224 and . . 6,661,830 5,764,543 otland . . 2,883,373 3,062,294 anel Islands . 143,126 143,447 at was the total increase of population in gland, Scotland, and Wales during the 10 r, 1851 to 1861 ? 32. In England and Wales there were, in 1861, 3,706 more females than males. How many te there of each sex ? ANSWERS TO CHARADES, 6 6. licla.ard I.-E-bro-Li-ma-Eu-phrates. CFELIEU. l'itellius-Edward III.-Solon-Tyndale libicon (passed by Julius Cresar when lead- his army to Rome)-Ireland-Socrates. aords.
33. Seven times Johnny's age is equal to ten times Maurice's, but in two more years Johnny's age will be to Maurice's as foeur is to three. What is the age of each? 34. Said Maurice to Johnny, "If you give me 5 of your postage-stamps I shall have as many as you." "Ay," replied Johnny ; "and if you give me 10 of yours I shall have twice as many as you." How many had each? 35. When Johnny had collected 193 stamps, of values varying from a farthing to is. 4d. each, and the average value of the whole about the mean between these, ho exchanged them for a pistol worth 5s. What did he give for the latter more than its value? 36. Johnny and Maurice, carrying my carpet- bag, of 48"324 lbs. weight with contents, to the railway-station by means of a cord tied to the bag, have their hands in a horizontal line, below which the bag hangs 6 inches, and the length of cord from Johnny's hand to the bag is 10 inches, from Maurice's 11"662. Find the share of the burden borne by each gentleman. &c. (Pages 183 and 184.) 9. Honesty is the best policy. To be read- Honest Y-IS the best-Polly sigh. 10. Martin-gale-Martingale. 11. NanliN-AlgarvE-PeteR (the Great)- OportO-Libyan Desert - Ecbatana - Oder- Naseby. The initials form Napoleon; the finals of the first four, Nero.
37.--HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A celebrated prime minister of a wise and great female sovereign. His favourite maxim "Knowledge is never too dear." Take the first syllables of the fi'st and second names, and last syllable of the third; these, connected, give the answer.;. ,
1. An English poet, born in 1605, and the nephew of the patriot Hampdeni He displeased James I., joined the party of Charles I., but returned to England during Cromwell's rule, and wrote a panegyic on him. On the Restora- tion, he gained the favour of Charles II., and also wrote in his praise. He was very witty. One day Charles II. reproached him with having written better verses in praise of Crom- well than those he had composed on himself.
He replied,-'" Poets always succeed much be in fiction than in truth." 2. A British possession, whose name mee "lion's town." It has been in the Possession the English since 1819, has a flourishing tra and has been termed "The paradise of In and the abode of health." 3. A county in England. Its name is deri from two Anglo-Saxon words, which mean wild animal" and "abode."
38.--ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. 9-I A -~K~.i - .' gI 39.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
The third letters of the following names give that of a Grecian philosopher, one of the sages of Greece. His native place having been taken by Cyrus, all the inhabitants, in flight, took with them their valuables: he alone took nothing. When asked the reaso replied, "All mine I carry with mel"
1. A Roman famed for integrity, of whom his enemy declared publicly, "It is easier to turn the sun from its course than him from the path of honour." 2. A battle fought by a King of England against the French. When both sides were drawn out, and ready to engage, they seemed afraid to begin, and gazed on each other in silence, neither wishing to make the first onset. At last the King of England, perceiving this, cried out, "My friends, since they will not
begin, it is ours to set the example. Coei and the ýlessed Trinity be our protecti "Upon this," says the historian, "the army set forward with a shout." 3. An English ling, whose last word "Remember I" 4. A Roman emperor, who, finding h approaching, cried out, "An emperor oue die standing;" and, raising himself on his he expired in the arms of those who sus him.