mckd^ÈÈsA SjtÍiďWMAvWJ Ц~Ы.»«Ы8ЯВ
84. PRIZE CHARADE. I saw a maiden long ago, Weep lone besido the shore, I asked her what had grieved her so, But still sho wept the more. " My last has perished, woe is ire, In first he. sank beneath the sea. A year ago my first went out, My last and whole went too, But, oh, the weight of fear and doubt, Their fates wo never know. First, last, and total, all tho threo, Have never yet returned to me." William Aitken. 85. SQUARE WORDS. 1. Obscure; а kind of plant; a girl's narno ; to rc- taiu. 2. A slip of wood; an opeu space ; а water bird ; a word of command. 3. Л wooden fence ; а quantity of laud ; a metal ; time of abstinence. Crocodile. 86. DECAPITATIONS. 1. If a food you will behead A woman's name you'll have instead • 2. If to lag yon will behend, To change I'm sure you'll havo instead. 3. If to shout you will behead, A tool I'm sure you'll have instead. L. B. King.
PICTORIAL REBUS.
87. ENIGMA. I'm drawn from tliu moment of birth, Though not by the pencil of art ; 'Tis truo that all dwellers on earth, Would dio, soon, were I to depart. You draw mo when mix'd up in strife, Or whero peaco holds her bountiful sway ; I'm a something essential to life, What am I ?—can anyone say ? W. MOUNTFORD. 88. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. New ; 2. something moro ; 3. precious ; 4. An im¬ portant literary personage ; 5. something withheld. Tho initials will give the name of a most brave and noble captain, aud tho fiuals that of fcho ship of which he had command. J. D, Archer. 89. DECAPITATION. Just soarch out for n-hole an author of note, Who wielded his pun loug ago ; A parasitical plant for this you must quote, When you'vo severed the head by a blow. W. Mountford. 90. LOGOGRIPH. Completo, I exert to to tho utmost ; behead me, and I am a procession ; behead again, I am one of nature's reviver's; now removo my initial letter, and I am my own ; i43peat the operation, aud I am a preposition. Complote me, doubly curtail, and transposo me, and I am α heavonly body; behend mo now, and I am а liquid; transpose me,and lam an animal; again tran¬ spose, and I am tin artifice. J. D. Archer.
PICTORIAL REBUS.
91. SCIENCES ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A preposition ; what every plant and animal has ; α vowel ; α consonant ; α consonant ; to shut in ; part of the verb " to bo ¡" and α verb. 2. A consonant ; α prepgsition ; a Latin affix ; a vowel ; a pieco of wood, and а consonant. 3. One chosen ; а consonant ; α vowel, and the head town in a diocess. 4. Measure ; a conjunction ; α vowel ; α thing used on board ship, and a consonant. 5. A personal pronoun ; а conso¬ nant ; one half of a girl's name ; · a vowel, and two consonants. W. Falconer. Answers to the above will appear in No. 19.