PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOMI HOOD.
II / ý' ! 5~' 1r.,
HE first thing to be done now, young people, is to explain all the mysteries we met with in our excursion in Puzzledom last month. First of all there were the Riddlemar ees put to us on the frontier by that very
queery Custom-House officer. Here are the answers to his questions. i. The English watering-place that is like bees and nettles in mown grass is Hay-stings. 2. If you were called Edward, and a cer- tain mute selected you, it would be like sit- ting for your portrait, because you would be D-picked, Ted I 3. Of course a horse can only be the colour of the sea when it's a bay. 4. A hundredweight of candles cannot be heavy, because it is light. 5. When Black-eyed Susan went to see William the crews were all negroes because the poem says " the fleet was Moored." 6. Salmon can climb salmon-ladders be- cause they know all about scales. 7. A cook without pepper is like a dandy in Rotten Row in October because he is "out of season." 8. That which sometimes builds walls up and sometimes knocks them down is mortar.
9. Galloping from York to London must be like taking forty bushels out in a boat, because you rowed the whole wey. io. If houses were built of sweet things, the nicest part of the door would be the jam(b). S1. The sound an estuary makes when the tide goes out is a low creek. 12. Kent is famous for its cricket, because a cricket is given to " hopping." When we got to the Realm of Alphabet you remember we met with three monarchs- the first was " A-king "-and so was his face. The second was C-king, and he was seeking for something he had lost. The third you remember was an impostor. He called him- self Y-king, which means nothing more than that he asked why he was to be king. There were two more kings, of whom we did not have portraits. The first was the needy one, E-king, who was ekeing out his money; the other was P-king, who was a poor peaking fellow. That attenuated monarch of the Realm of Mind was of course Thin-king. Next you remember we heard the Puzzle- dom Choir. Here are the solutions of their songs. CHARADE :-Pan, Nell; Panel. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. G i 13 OronokO OrkneY DamascuS So now as we have cleared up all the dif- ficulties, shoulder your crackers, quick march, and away we go on a fresh voyage of dis- covery. I declare we haven't got twenty yards
before we meet a very great man. I don't mean simply that he is great in bulk, though he is excessively stout. He is great in the sense of being a person of importance. Once upon a time he was Chancellor of the Exchequer in Puzzledom; but the king had very strong reason to be dissatisfied with him, and the people were almost driven to rebel- lion by the heavy taxes he put on the commonest and most necessary articles. He even threatened to put a penny stamp on all notes of interrogation, which would have been ruinous to people who juse as many as the Puzzlers do. He had actually had the stamp designed, and had made a Latin motto for it-" Ex qucestionibus qutestus," which means " a profit upon questions." The king was very angry at this, for it cost a good deal of reverence, and was of no use, so he deprived our great man of his office. Can you guess why he was discharged ? But here comes a Poet! " How do I know he's a poet?" Because I can see he has a small lawn-mower with which he is "rolling his eye." Poets always roll their eyes in a fine frenzy. Homer did, though he could not see. He was the first "roller blind" mentioned in history. The Poet begs to present you with a copy of his latest verses. ENIGMA. Go, seek me on the coast, You'll find me on the sea; The wooden walls we boast Can show you lots of me. In men-of-war I'm found, And yet, the truth to speak, In tempests I'll be bound In me for them you'll seek. Nay-one remark I'll make ; Whate'er may be your mien, When you your " bearings " take, Therein shall I be seen. Come guess me if you can, My mazy meaning follow; Then seize me like a man, And pour me out, and swallow ! As there is a small countrified inn close by, and we are rather tired with our walk, suppose we drop in and have some lunch. Perhaps we shall swallow some of the mystery of the poet's enigma. I can see the landlord guesses we are tourists. He means to exercise his Puzzler privilege on us. He brings us our bread and cheese, and a
tankard of beer, and he propounds his conundrum in this form :- CONUND RUM. " You would say, at a first glance at me, that I am a comparative. But you're wrong, I'm positive; and I'm positive you're wrong. Yet I am only partially positive, because I am only part of a whole. But, at any rate, what you may consider my positive is worth four of me. It holds several gills of liquid, but my comparative would be a small portion of it only. Yet it would be equivalent to a number of bushels of wheat. However, as I am apparently driving you to distraction by all this convolution of meaning, I will give you myself, and that's only to be done by not giving you myself in any other forms, though you might make yourself at home in them." I think the landlord will find us employ- ment.for some time to come. So let us set forward again, and explore further. Ah, that's interesting now ! Yonder is the Photographic Gallery of Phancy, the Puzzle- dom portraitist. You sit down before his camera. He takes your likeness, and, lo and behold,-it is something quite different from you. See there's some one going in to sit to him. " What a horridly frightful creature '" Well, yes, it's an ugly monster seldom seen out of dreams, a sort of night- mare. You'll meet all kinds of odd things in Puzzledom, so you must learn not to be nervous. Nevertheless, we will wait till our friend the demon has had his sittinig, and then you little folks shall have your portraits taken. Come along ' Phancy is disengaged now -but first of all let us ask him to give us a peep at the plate on which his last sitter's portrait is taken. Here it is ! That's much prettier than the original. Let us see how Mr. Phancy will deal with you. I shall not show you the plate now, but you shall all see it next month. Mr. Phancy has a bit of a puzzle for you. He says it is a sort of charade.