P UZZL.E PAGES., 553.-CHARADE.
Y boyish days ! while they oendard How lightly they were reckoned Their feats and sports still wake a Of:pleasure.in my second. Days, that seemed very much too In spite of Latin versesi Fond memory their departed joys Still faithfully rehearses. I know I was-not given to Greek, With Latin soon was sated- French- was an awful bore to mo, Aithmetie I.hated. My second was to bat and ball, To oar and rod devoted, While knowledge in whatever bran My first was never voted. . But, oh I the crisis of my fate Was when I met Rose Twining I felt I was at last a man, My whole her form enshrining:
She was my sirs in. every way, In figure, face, complexion; My second.to its inmost core Owned her supreme direction. I chose a splendid valentine; My second, velvet azure; Set in a bluelike border, bore This motto-" To wmytreasure 1" I ransacked Kandy's shop, to find My first in daintiest, fashion, By comfit, kiss, and sugar-plum, Revealed my ardent passion.. Ah, well i some years have fled. since then, I've long. pass'd manhood's border-
I've not a tooth now called my sirs My second's odt of order. My whol~ -Rose Twiing-long ag Went up to Hymen's altar, But not with me, for she esponsel Old Grubb, the great drysalter. I can't cbmplain, she reigned myfl But for a little season; A sugar-baker's heir I wooed For a most wealthy reason. My first's a bcsiness matter now, Andb life would be quite sanly; But if my second's ossified What use is all my money?
534.-PUZZLE. I
I am somewhat addicted to a lonely pursuit, although I am especially prolific in amusing games. I am sometimes composed of a large committee of. public men, sometimes made of paper, and not unfrequently of cloth, while wood is my more popular form. I am connected largely with the Government, with Parliament, commerce, sanitary purposes, Poor-law Commis- sioners, and railroads. I am always to be met with near the sea, in a theatre, and in a ship. I am a legal phrase in connubial cases. You will surely find me in every middle-class litchen. My favourite recreations concern pilfering transac- tions and Parisian trifles. I am sometimes green and sometimes black. My prop.rty con-
sists of a grinding apparatus, a visii and a compound of flour.and-water; alas I all paper currency! II an an an strument of juvenile torture, not of application. I am the terror of the pa common casualty of the sailor, the (ail nance of sundry bachelors and spinster verbal form the purgatory of rising y0 profession.of seaside harpies, the forlo naval warfare, and the lucrative lenas London billsticlers. Finally, there is rather differently spelt to my own, be sound is identical, which may possibly your frame of mind when you have puz this mystery.
I 555.-CHARADE.
esilver fountain's playing, ending in the summer sun, or words his lips are saying, nse to roach no ,eer pave one, beside him smiles and blushes,. iththe careless grace of youtht ois praise with rose-leaf flashes, or esteems his fervent trth. o she places in lher bospo olden blooms, a posy rare, l he whispers, "but one blossom assuage my heart's despair 1"
p - ,I N r dy f 1~1 N
with cold bright smile she vanished ie a winter sunbeam's ray, Smy first's dark shadow banished rom its depths the sunset's play. iomen on his heart doth fall, sting beside that frowning --- ! ny seasons, coming, going, sued above my lofty first, h their sen and shine thus growing as my second early nursed. ver and sunshine did their duty- ed the seed, the leaves, the stem, 1Ithe wreath of living beauty rowned my first for diadem. the lady glanced upon them, ears and seasons fleeting past, oer never yet had won them rom my first, now rooted fast. her famous beauty faded, ike my second 'neath the frost, dea lockns with grey o'ershaded darned her of youth's springtide lost. was gone who murmured to her Vows of passionate love sincere. a knight since then did woo her For broad lands and lordly gear.
" See," she answers, 'I thOse bronze petals Glowing in their golden prime, Nature's minted' mimic metals, Have attained their seeding time." Then she flung them, far, above, her, On my first's stern height to rest. " When they spring afresh, the lover Who restores them to my breast Shall receive the garland golden By his lady's love entwined. By such tasks did maidens olden Prove their wooers' secret mind !"
But the tender heart that cherished Such sweet dreams of love and truth In the last Crusade had perished He was lost, and so was youth: Wintry skies were clouding over Heart or bloom, so lovely erst, Never now might gallant lover Pluck my second from my first. Past all her pride, her pomp of power, She now was withered as the - 1I" MORAL. Fair youths and maidens, heed what sages say: While the bright sunshine lasts make you your hay Nor too secure rest in disdainful ease, For older grown, you lack the charm to please. Else when gay youth with all its joys is past, You, like the lady, learn sad truth at last, Who found grey locks and waning bloom had small power To nerve a lover e'en to pick her - - 1 Lest in the festive scenes where early bloom Made you the cynosure of all the room, As age creeps on you sink-0 degradation !- To line myfirst, your then appointed station, While all my second pass you proudly by, And christen you my whole! Ah, well you sigh Young folks, I warn you to exert all power To save yourselves from sinking to a-- --
556.-CHRONOGRAPH. There was an old person of-Spain Who lived in Dominitian's reign, He made epigrams rare, Such as poets despair Of ever achieving again. 4 A party whose birthplace was Attic, Whose eloquence was. quitoe dramatic, Who his month filled with stones, For improving his tones, And iwhose history was somewhat erratic. A remarkable Emperor of Rome Who with pen and with sword was at home, When close followed he took In his teeth his new book, And swam safely to shore through the foam I An historian of Rome, long ago, Who in language of elegant flow Detailed all the jars Of the famed Punic wars, As each schoolboy is certain to know. An author of Athens, no stickler For morals or mneurs conventicular; For he wrote and he fought, And some plunder he sought, And indeed was by no means particular. A'sweet little damsel so pretty, She was stabbed by her pa in stern pity, Because too much admired, And serenely expired, Long honoured in ballad and ditty. An aspiring young party of Crete, Not content with the use of his feet, Who made pinions to fly, But he soared up too high, And a merited drowning did meet. The initials of all joined discreetly, And ranged in their order quite neatly, Will at your desire Give the date of the fire Which burned down old London completely.
557.:-SANCHO PANZA'S PROvg PUZZLES. I. Faint and soft on the midnight air A true heart chanteth its homage deep There's never a step on the palace stair But a dreamer won from her quiet slee Bends to hear herself called more fair Than the lady moon on the cloudy ste In. Oh I I must praise this leafy nook; 'Tis like a calmly pleasant book, Wherein such fair bright fancies strae That we could lie and read all day, Nor at ,the flight of time repine Till night shuts out each glowing line. nr. A little ditance from our place of rest The woodmlnn's strokes resound indistant There fell gome mighty monarch's foresl There the great corse will lie on earth's breast, Beneath you oaks buried in sombre shad IV. All our fishers are hastening home, For the tide is rolling in wrath and foam They have drawn the fish from the migh While those that are idle were sound aeel Each little boat as it comes from the Is eagerly welcomed to shore again, And the fisher exhibits with pride and gl The spoils of his net from the stormy se ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &e. (Pages 31 and 316.) 533. mill-stream. 534. ALL. 1. Ball. 2. Call. 3. F Gall. 5. Hall. 6. Mall. 7. Pall. 9. Tall. "10. Wall. 535. Bolt caught (Bolt-court). 536. Needle. 537. 1. A-gate. 2. B-oar. 8. Fe B-ride. 538. Madeira. 539. Otaheite. 540. Fox-glove.