PUZZLE PAGES. 460.--CHARADE.
GES ago a venerable elf, /Myfirst, in fact, lived calmly by himself, Knowing no passions, wishes none, few cares, Unheeding all terrestrial affairs. Iin short, to him all mundane matters seemed Of little moment, as, he dozed and dreamed In his quaint hermitage, a block of stone, Shaped by some mystery known to him alone. But people, you know, Cannot always live so; For Fate, who's a memory for every one's sins, Laid his snug cell all bare To the rude upper air, And myfirst in disgust a new epoch begins. He stretched himself his long-cramped limbs to try, / And opened feebly either blinking eye, Then curled himself up for another doze, When sudden tumult banished his repose ; For cruel Fate, unkind in everything, Conveyed him, somehow, to a fairy ring. The elves thronged about With racket and shout, While the little late stars were beginning to gleam, For the silvery knell Of the tinkling harebell Had summoned the fairies from forest and stream.
They vexed my first with many an antic jest, They nipped his toes, and pricked his speckled breast, Blew pollen into either blinking eye, Till he for mercy piteously did cry. Then tricksy Pack came with an active spring, And waved his wand around the fairy ring; When up sprang a crop Of mushrooms-on the top Of the biggest they perched .him, they mocked him and beckoned. " He's grown proud, we declare, For he sits with an air Of elegant ease" (cried the elves) "on my second " At last a friendly chanticleer hard by, Who chanced our hero's desperate case to spy, In pity blew his clarion loud and clear, Announcing to the elves that dawn was near. Oh; what a wild commotion did ensue, As like a flock of midges off they flew !
While my first from the top Of the mushroom did hop, And crawled off with more speed than possess'd him before. When he rested his head On his own stony bed He firmly resolved he would leave it no more. And since that time, the fairy race, to show Their memory of that revel long ago, Raised a new order of the mushroom sort, Tables in waiting to the fairy court; And that a fitting title might enrol The new creation, christened them my wthole. My first fled the strife Of a more public life, Considering monastic seclusion his mission, Though sometimes he is seen At long periods between- I am told he was up at the Great Exhibi' tion I
461.-ENIGMA. I am a word of three letters only, one conso- ant and two vowels, one of which, however, is ate, thereby reducing me in sound to one soli- tary letter of the Greek alphabet. But if my ame is.limited my powers, and applications are thont bound, and my variety infinite; for if ou add one more consonant to my tail I be- come a synonym for variegated, much favoured y the old writers, especially in a flowery sense. f you add a fresh syllable and shave my con- lasion, I represent more colours than one in n equine sense. The lords of the creation ven at times assume their prcwnomen from-me o denote their calling. In the epicurean form am alike addicted to fish, flesh, and fowl, not eing even averse to " good red-herring." With egetables and fruits of all descriptions I am qually at home, from the homely potato to the ilberry of the moors, and the luxurious apricot r grape. In fact, I am almost omnivorous in y diet, and can partake of it with equanimity n any land. In America I must candidly con- ess I abound in plenty, but pumpkins are my ice de resistance. In Germany I prefer goose vers, in France truffled chicken, in Holland ad Belgium the aforesaid herrings. In Eng- and I vary my tastes with each county, for in lent I choose cherries, in Norfolk and Suffolk utton and currants, pears in Herefordshire, . pples in Devonshire, pigeons in Oxford, "veal n' 'am" in Middlesex, pork in Surrey, and verything attainable, including pilchards, in oruwall. This latter terminal county is ever specially under my protection against the ssaults of his Satanic Majesty, who dare not rust the tip of his tail there even for fear of e! If you, my gentle reader, are, or were, an ton boy, you are most cognisant of me under tender canine form, when I have often served ou as an unctuous taunt aimed at your agrarian oes. I am sorry to say that when I partake of astry I am ungratefully held up to all youth- rl reprobation as a bad instance of unfaithful- oss, akin to violated vows. When I assume y most modest and lowly form I am neverthe- ss the most bitter pill an individual or even a ation can swallow-nauseous to the taste, and cry hard of digestion, and universally vitupe- ted accordingly. When I am among my athered friends I am ranked as a terrible ossip, an arrant thief, and the Paul Pry among rds, although my Cornish friends bear a ateful remembrance of my ministry between em and Nicholas the Ancient, and they there- re nvariably salute me with hats off when we et. I am not literaryin my tastes, although e printer is well acquainted with me, and, to
speak candidly, I secretly suspect I am his bWte noir. But in spite of all these evil blemishes on my character I can show the bright side too, and rank many among my friends, nay, even my ardent lovers. The notable Jack Horner will bear me favourable testimony, Simple Simon will chant my praises, and all the letters of the .alphabet, from "great A, little a, -bouncing B," down to zealous Z," will proclaim how they have esteemed and sought me. Finally, if you have not long ago discovered my name you don't deserve to enjoy my prim ambling favours at Christmas, nor are you worthy of the schoolboy invitation to meet me, which is, as you ought to know, couched in three letters of the Greek alphabet. 462.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The evil spirits Solyman controlled; The negro's name ere into slavery sold; A mystic language that the Nornas read; The Eastern Empire of our sovereign dread; What Oxford crews eschew upon the stream; The mail that on a warrior's breast doth gleam ; What all may cancel, none can e'er restore; A busy seaport station on our shore; And an Italian island-count these o'er. My first will tell a hero's glorious name, Inscribed for ever on the roll of fame- Champion of Freedom, Son of Liberty, Who teachest fallen nations to be free I Long may thy name adorn the poet's lays, And thy grey hairs wear their green crown of bays! My last will place him in his island-home, A rocky speck amidst the wild sea's foam, Where the great hero lays his sword aside, To till the grateful soil, his modest pride; May every blade and blossom sevenfold yield Rich victories in this peaceful battle-field! ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &e. (Pages 458, 450, and 460, Vol. V.) 446. Foot-man. 447. I. Oyster. Ii. Horse. 448. Plea-sure. 449. Night-inn-gale. 450. CROQUET-FASHION. CalF-RatafiA- OasiS-QuencH-UrI-EchO-TiN. 451. Because the former is known by the bragging of his riches, and the latter by the ragging of his breeches. 452. Because he is a "mend-I-can't." 453. Because he's certain to have a lot of cawin' about him. 454. Because they are two-sworded (too sordid). 455. At Madame Tussand's (two-swords'
463.-CHARADE.
In train, jewels, lappets, and plume, At myfirst a sensation I made- It was just in the height of my bloom- And the incense and compliments paid By all to my "beaux ycue" themselves,
Y V _ _
Papa's banker went off with his gold, So adieu to our splendid estate I House, jewels, and hunters were sold, Scarce valued or missed till too late. So we went back to India, in hopes For me a rich nabob to catch, But I met an old love in my second, And made a most desperate match. While papa did his sherry and port sip, I and Harry renewed our old - - .
Though enhanced by an ample !" cassette," Made my rivals most spitefully groan, Some dwell in mymemory yet ! Though, alas ! youth has given me a short slip Since the bright glowing days of our
War's chances were lucky for Harry, He's a general now--K.C.B., And my jewels and dresses are splendid, Our house is unique as you see; And out here I've a first of my own, Where my rule is supreme. I have reckoned It was not a bad match after all, So I mentally bless that old second/ Harry swears there ne'er came into port ship Like that where we ended our .
464.-A LINE FROM " HAMLET."
465.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
The wooden mould St. Crispin's sons bespeak; The bird that's clumsy over hide-and-seek; A strong, coarse spirit, of unpleasant smell; Our destined fate which we can ne'er foretell; A river garlanded with lilies white; The fairy argosy of ocean bright. Name and arrange these incongruous articles, And from their heading and concludingartic
Construct two words with care, you'll find they' City-my first-upon my second's river. [give1 My first, the city, on my second's banks, A 1 for wealth and powerful influence ranls; Few others are of such extent possessed. As doth my second-make haste to guess then Jaa paer terms I'm sure I can't express them,