PUZZLE 'PAGES. 130.-OHIARADE.
1 f T Stella's laughing aztlie eyes ( My first has made his nest, But never yet has entrance gained To vex her quiet breast. In vain unnumbered sighing swains To gain her heart have reckoned; u I With vows and prayers-besieged her ears, And sued her by my second. In vain ye sue, ye luckless crew, In person or on paper. . ` ý" IMy first, 'tis true, sets fire to you- My whole lights Stella's taper. 131.-HIISTORICAL ENIGMA. A stern Italian reformer who dared to stand up against the Pope and popedom. He con. demned all worldly pleasures and worldly enjoyments, and would have converted the whole world into a house of prayer. But the Pope was stronger than the reformer, and he suffered martyrdom at Florence. As late as the close of the last century, the place where his pile was raised might be seen covered with garlands of flowers. Five names are below The answer to show ; And this ydt 'must do To find it -ditt true: Search with great pains, And from each of these names Now take the first two Of the letters, then view Them in order combined, And the answer you'll find. 1. An English city which has a cathedral beauty, abandoned the court of her father with the tallest spire in England. live in a solitary cave, solely for prayer an 2. A French writer, and the most celebrated intercourse with .Heaven, and was there lost t literary character of his age. He was a poet, sight and knowledge until, after the lapse of a wit, an historian, and a dramatist: infidelity several hundred years, a vision of some shep claims him as one of her greatest cham- herds led to the discovery of her bones, which pions. tradition says, being carried in processio 3. A town in Hindastan which means "The through Palermo, saved the city from a deso town of serpents." lating pestilence. 4. A daughter of William the Good, King of 5. An eminent French chemist, who was Sicily, who, in the full bloom of youth and guillotined in 1.791. 132.-TRANSPOSITIONS. ATUOSER.-A river which washed the walls of Sparta, whose inhabitants, from plkngif often.into its waves, acquired much of theirTstrength andvvigour. HTTIE.-A name given to thelbwer class of people amongst the. Athenians, inctlding All artisans and leabourers. SGAI.-A King of Sparta condemned and executed by his own people. GIAI.--An order of Persian priests instituted by OORRSTAZE, who worshipped fire.
133.-AN OLD NURSERY RE1ME DONE INTO LATIN. Vetula qusedam erat Quse in Solea deggbgtn lMultos liberos habpbat. Quid faciendum nesciebat Cenam iis sine pane prahbobat Palmas a tergo imponebat Lectulisque eos committelbt. 134.-HISTORICAIL4, ENIGMA. My first is the name of as sqll island bae longing to Greece. My second is tle last yyllable of au :island belonging to the English, Its name means. "Holy Land." It was venerated.by the Saxons, and contained a temple ofthbei;goldess Hertha (Earth). My whole is ai .il n~gear tle,mouth of a European river on which is situated a European city. The name of this city means "Mer- chant's Harbour." MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 135. In August I took a trip into. Wilts, and remained awhile at Duxrington, an ancient British village near Stonehenge ; thence paying a isit to a young friend, Lennie, at Limpley Stoke, near Bath, passing with him "15 of the whole time I was in Wilts. After leaving Dur- riegton I went to Southampton, and there tarried '6 of the time I was with Lennie; and then returned to London by the Dublin steam- boat, the Foyle, the voyage taking half as long as the time I was at Southar}pton. Altogether, I was away from home 23 days. How log, was I at Durrington, Limpley Stoke, Spathatnpton, and on board the Foyle ? 136. The wheels of threevelo.giedes,A, Y, Z, are as 6: 5: 4 in circumfereQ.e5 aýtzahose of Y make 20 more revolutions than thas., of X in every 300 feet traversed.: ow (~r will the three boys who urge them off tht..wild career have gone when the rider of Z;keops1ng up man- faly with the rider of X, has made his wheels revolve 880 times oftener ? 137. Three youngsters, A, B, C, sleoting with tl!e long bow (not metaphorically), agree that whichever strikes the bull's-eye shall receive from the others half of what money they have. ipochet. Each makes the. lucky shot in turn,; Afirst, then B, then C; when, after adjusting all claims, A had 2s. 6d., B 5s., and C 10s. lao much had each at first ? 138.-ENIGMA. My first is a dye, My next you drink dry, And my whole's a fly
109.-.IISTORICAL ENIGMA. The third letters of the following form a ,Grecian kingdom founded B.c. 1493. The initials give the name of its founder, who was a Phcenician, and introduced the use of alphabetical writing into Greece. To him sro~.as erl~pd sixteen letters of the Greek alpbet. 1. A.SsttAmerican volcano in the Andes. 4 A famous Grecian mountain, through which a celebrated eqommander, in his expe- , iton against the. Greciam states, ordered a passage to be cut., 3. A German tpwn on the Elbe, especially noted for its magnificent colleRtion of paintings, sculpture, and aiiquities, 4. A Frejch author, who died in 1707. 5. An island of Pomerania, seated at the nmputh of the Odor, on the Baltic Sea. 6. An English maritime county. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 92. Rhine - Porus-- Ceramicus - Thales- ZEschines. HIPPOCRATES, 93. To be or not to be-that is the question. To be read-Toby or (in heraldry)--knot- Toby-T hat is the question. 94. Solon--Pelops--Plato--Platea-Callao -Colpunna-Potosi. CONSTANTINOPLE (bathed on,the south by the Sea of MIiarmora, and on thp north by its splendid harbour, the Golden Hopn). 95. Care killed a cat. To be read--K I killed A cat. 96. F to C, 5- miles; to Iy8 ; to B, 11 miles. 97. 631b. 9,~I and y = theiraegos,~ry = 224; and 21 (y ,- 2I r) = 399 .. 2;-2+.y9;* and y 2+ 2 y = 2 * ..'. y = 14, Norton's:agq, qnýQ= 16, Danyers'. 99. 8smlles. Started aA.O,trL, 10QQ, If B = pressure caued4 by, 2 opposite boys, . *d Q, tleir weights, we: havo,.R 1 = P 2 + Q 2 + 23%1 % cos A. where A = whole angle between the tq.roqps. ,. I~= 581b. pressure by Mlalcohn and Spencer. 02i~21b. pressure byDapyors and Norton. Total= 2771b. 101. Elephanta-Marseilles-Mithridates- Seloucus. 102. King-cup. 103. Germany. 104. Seine - Spey - Lea- Lena --Neva- Nile. PENNSYLVANIA.
140.-A LINE FROM MILTON. ENIGMAS. 141. 142. My first is J, My first's a recess in the land, My second is May, My next's to admit, understand, My third is K; My third is the Latin for and, On the whole you will say, And my whole's fixed by word cf "Well, come I commnand. That's rum." 143.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. 144.--TRANSPOSITIONS. AAERSIPL.--A Sicilian tyrant, who, having ordered the philosopher ENOZ to be put the torture, so exasperated his people that they flew to arms, and stoned their cruel monarch death. GYHISUN.-The Pope who established the form of consecrating churches, and also ordaine that godfathers and godmothers should stand for children.