PUZZLE PAGES. 541.--AN ANONYMOUS AUTOBIOGRAPHY.
YOU must allow me to introduce myself to you as the child of the union of Silica and Alkali; when you become more conversant with me I expect you to name me. My origin is fancifully ascribed by Pliny to the following little incident, which I shall have the honour of narrating :- A merchant vessel, laden with natron, which, I should tell you, is the name of the native sesquicarbonate of soda of Egypt, set sail from the west of the Delta with its cargo. But it met with severe storms and adverse winds, and was at last driven upon the coast close by the mouth of the river Belus, which rises at the foot of Mount Carmel. The un- fortunate crew, exhausted and worn with the dangers and privations they had gone through, lit a hasty fire on the shore, and after warming themselves proceeded to cook what few pro- visions they had reserved. They propped up their extempore cooking-pot over the fuel they had collected by means of some of the lumps of natron that had been washed ashore. In the morning light they were surprised to dis- cover me among the cinders. And from this period the sand of this small Galilean stream formed a profitable export as a valuable com- ponent in my manufacture. The early Phoeni- cians were acquainted with me, and for a long time jealously kept me to themselves. At Alex- andria and Sidon I acquired the brilliant orna- ment and exquisite hues which render me so charming. The Romans became gradually cognisant of me, and I received a most warm welcome from them; and even to this day my relics have been exhumed at Herculaneum. The early Crusaders, having acquired a know- ledge of me, carried me back with them to the rest of the civilised world, and in the thirteenth
century I was established in Venice, which speedily exhibited me in -such perfection that my charming qualities attracted the admiration of all nations, but the Venetians, shrewdly aware of the importance of this branch of their commerce, rigorously kept my processes a secret. About the middle of the seventeenth century Colbert naturalised me in France in the form of one of its favourite luxuries, which a royal decree declared, so little derogatory was my ' manufacture to the dignity of " an aristocrat," that only a nobleman should be my master! In a more utilitarian form I was established in England in 1557, and in 1673 the Duke of Buckingham still further extended me. At the ; present time many countries contest for the palm of sheltering me, among the competing throng Bohemia taking a high place. It has been reserved to the reign of her present Ma- jesty, however, to crown my triumphs, and to raise me pre-eminently to a high rank among the powers that be. If I were to enter into a minute catalogue of all my applications and uses you could hardly fail to recognise me at once, for I have been made use of in every manufacture almost under the sun, in one form or another. My hues mock the rainbow in brilliance and variety of hue, while my flexible nature adapts me to each requisite. One of my characteristics is that I am ingenuous candour itself, for I have little power to hide a secret. Finally, my greatest drawback is the fragility of my consti- tution, foi I am particularly liable to some of the ills that " mortal flesh is heir to." And now if you cannot see through me, you do not deserve to benefit by the light I throw on you each day.
542.-CHARADE.
MIyfirst is clad in its fairest dress Of the brightest emerald green, Where Nature's broidering flowers and buds Show where her hand has been. The amethyst mallow, the daisy pearl, The speedwell's turquoise blue ; While the kingcup's gold twines everywhere O'er the velvet greensward's hue. And a girl, my second, wanders there, Fit mate for blossom and bird, So fair is her cheek when the wand'ring breeze Her golden curls has stirred.
My second she is in figure and face, My second in heart and mind, As another perceives with loving eyes, As well as the wandering wind. He steals to her side, and he takes her hand, And breathes low words in her ear So pleasant, a rose-leaf mounts in her cheek As she pauses those words to hear. And he crowns her hair with a bridal wreath Of my whole's soft creamy hue. Who merits the title ? the maid or the flower ? I can't decide can you ?
543.-BIOGRAPHICAL ENIGMA. I. A worthy member of the Society of Friends, who founded an important state in North America. 2. A celebrated Italian poet, who was said to have been crowned by Charles V. 3. A Swiss philosopher, who was the origi- nator of that science which studies " the human face divine." 4. A most celebrated German composer, the author of many masses and requiems, as well as comic and tragic operas. 5. A renowned family of printers, flourishing at Leyden and Amsterdam, who left their name to a peculiar form of type. 6. The great Dutch painter who recognised the value of deep shadows. 7. A satirist, who wrote bitterly on all things, bhat is most generally known for his romance on great and little people. 8. The Italian poet who received a crown of bays on his death-bed, and exclaimed, "It is too late I" 9. An English dramatic author, who wrote many plays, successful in their day, but who died poor. 10. The prince of philosophers, who also possessed the crowning virtues of patience and good temper ! The initals of all these names will give you the title of the most popular statesman England has ever possessed. 544.-DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. 1. I am a time-meter, as well as an ancient ornament woven in silken hose; behead me and I become your safeguard, though I often dwell in a river. 2. I grow from a seed, though I am sometimes composed of gold; behead me, and you will have a remedy for drought, though when I am in my auriferous humour I am addicted to pyrotechny. 3. I am an instrument for flagellation, as well as a delicious sweet dish ; behead me and I form an important portion of your frame as well as a wild berry. 4. I am the dew of sorrow when described grammatically as a noun; in my verbal form I amn the synonym for renling; behead me and I become an important organ of one of your senses, though if you set me in the ground I spring to blades and shoots. 5. I open the proceedings of the course on the Derby-day and at Ascot, though I am so nervous a shadow alarms me; behead me and you ex- perience a sharp, acid flavour, though I am a very favourite form of pastry. 6. I am the firmest foundation you can desire to stand on, and I am also composed of wheat
or grain when in powder;. behead me and you will behold the circular shape and an esteemed piece of boiled beef I 545.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The tiny fly whose life is one day's span, A proper name for many a Russian man, The sweetest flower that decks the garden bed, The hour at which the sun is overhead; An ancient British tribe, rebels to Rome, The art that guides all vessels o'er the foam, A drum that dinner laggards summons home. Choose you the head and front of my offending, And next descry the purport of its ending, My first will show the opening flush of day, The last exhibit its concluding ray I 546.-QUEER QUERIES FOR THE QUIZZICAL. I. What is that which grows on a tree and has veins and pores but no blood, which breathes though it has no lungs, and which may be a skeleton though it never had any bones ? II. What is that which has got a seam that was never sewn by a needle, a shaft that was never fitted to a bow, a bed that is never slept in, and a spirit that cannot be drunk? III. What is it that has a chest though it never breathes, a back and sides that never ache or grow tired, and that may be a nest, although it is neither bird, beast, nor fish ? Iv. What is that which will shoot without gun or bow, possesses viscous substances that never adhered, that will grow without leaf, stalk, or fruit; that has a root which has never been planted in any soil, and an eye that has never been unclosed ? ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &e. (Pages 238, 239, and 240.) 526. Tea-pot. 527. Manilla. 528. Sumatra. 529. Learning to box the compass. 530. GREAT BRITAIN. Gloucester-Reading -Epsom -Anglesey- Tewkesbury-- Birming- ham-Rochester-Isle of Wight-Tenterden- Aberdeen-Ipswich-Newcastle. 531. Sword-knot. 532. Early to bed, and early to rise, Makes a man healthy, and wealthy, and wise. To be read- Ear-ly to be-d, an-d ear-ly to rise, M-akes a man heal-thy, and weal-th-y, and wi-se.
547.- MISTRESS MARY'S CONTRA- DICTIONS. Mistress Mary, Whose tastes don't much vary, Now sends you a few of her latest convictions, And trusts you have guessed With ease all the rest, And that you will approve of her new contra- dictions I I. I've a head and a point, an edge and a root; I grow and am cut, though no grain, flower, or fruit; I am short, I am long, thick, broad, flat and thin ; I don't keep a coach, though I'm oft driven in. Made of iron or silver, gold, horn, brass or steel; Oft residing in woods, much addicted to Deal !
548.-PICTORIAL PUZZLE. i , . _ 4, . '"' J\s , / te ,/ ,,. sue-7 y ~.,",,lL ,gl .l <~... Why is this. picture like an American,« Free-s.,,t ? _ _I I- " Why 'a this pictuie lake an American "FPree-fight ?"
549.-ENIGMA. I am a word of three letters, the third person plural present tense of a verb. One letter added to me denudes me of covering. Another bids me assume an anxious mood. Another renders me valiant to foolhardiness. Another makes me into the food provided for you. Another changes me into a pretty leporine animal. Another turns me into a horse of the female gender. Another desires me to peel off the skin of your fruit and vegetables. Another converts me into what is scarce, and consequently precious. Another turns me into a noxious weed in- festing many wheat-fields. Another makes me into merchandise of
I'm most cruelly treated, and hardly bestead, For wherever I go I am hit on the head. And one thing let me whisper in private you, I form the chief means of assault of a shrewli II. In the sea you often find me, In a coat-of-arms may view, In a court of justice mark me, On a door or window too. Object of some men's ambition, Mark for others' bitter jeer; Oft the felon's dream of terror, And the storm-tossed vessel's fear. Haunt of tavern-loving spirits, Place where M.P.'s often stand, Mighty is my power of influence Throughout all our English land.
various descriptions. While, finally, the addil tion of two letters to me will make you open your eyes with amazement ! TRANSPOSITIONS. 550. SOYTIRM.-A Scythian queen, whio defeated Cyrus, and, after decapitating him" addressed his head (which she had thrown into a vessel filled with human blood) in th' following words :-" Satia to sanguine quenS sitistis." 551. MARSESIMI.-An Assyrian queen of a bold and enterprising spirit. She improved; the city of Babylon in a remarkable manner and girdled it with a mighty wall. 552. YARXACSE. - A Median king, valiant warrior, and great conqueror. Jointly with the King of Babylon he conquered Phcenice Sraand Samaria, and destroye 66E