PUiZZLEE PA ' ES :;
198.-CHARADE.' HE 'lady'lighted from her steed , With hasty step and light; The hue of a rose was on her cheek, Her eyes were violets Sbright ;. For low, sweet words had reached hlier ear, And roused herheart to know That a gallant spirit was her slave, And had been long ago. She pats her snowy palfrey's neck, That arches to her touch- Ahl who can marvel living things Should love her look' so - much ? Her little glove is on her hand, So dainty and so fair, And a deeper flush flits o'er her face To know my second's there. She doffs her pretty riding gear For 'satin and for pearl, And my whole doth sparkle fitfully Behind a golden curl. My second still is on her hand; My first doth echo yet The tender words that stir the curl.: Whereby my whole is set 1 199.-ENIGMA. We dwell wherever man is seen, and twins by birth are we; And wondrous are the works we've'done on earth and on the sea. Without us ne'er was city built, nor ship that ploughs the main, Nor ever dug the teeming mine, nor reaped the golden grain. When angry nations rush to war the arbiters we're made:. Imnpartial, we alike extend to either side our aid: When lovers meet; at eve to walk, in teplea- sant summer weather, We're igh, and lend onu aid ,t bring their hearts more close together. Anon we float aloft in air, anon on chariots ride;
The postman-ieais'nis in his bag, the bandit at his side. We dwell alike with good and bad, withhumble and with great; We hack and hew,l are-hacked and hewed, and quartered, cruel fate I A coat we ilave, but one, alas I that leaves us always bare; We've sometimes months, but never tongues, yet fill with sowud the air. With all these wondrous qualities, we are but slaves at best, Condemned to do our owner's will, and work at 'his behest. 200.-ENIGMA. Dear reader, if you' chance to be inclined At all to incredulity, you'll find, By reading and deciphering these rhymes, Truth stranger is than fiction oftentimes. A few plain facts I'll set before your view, Which, startling as they seem, are yet most true. But lest you doubt whether such strange things be, I'll tell the story as 'twas told to me:- " Our forms, 0 mortal, thou hast never seen, Yet in thy mouth, perchance, we've often been. No limbs have we, and weapons we disdain, Yet we can boast of many a thousand slain. And, as if luredby some magnetic power, Our victims loved-us to their dying hour I Some men there are who hate us for our deeds, And never use us in their greatest needs; Yet even with these we dwell, for good or ill, And make them sad or merry at our will. Ay, hate us as they may, they can't deny If we but leave them they must surely die. Free as the storm, untrammelled as the wind, Yet in a bottle we are oft confined; And what may also cause no small surprise, The more you put us down the more we risel A spark will ofteniset us in ablaze, And yet (fresh cause for- wonder and amaze), When this great world shallbe consumed by fire, And Nature's self form one vast funeral pyre, In vain the fiery element will try To reach or harm us as we soar on high I" Strange as.it'seemed,' I found the story true: Find out their name, 'twill seem the same to you.
201.-CHARADE. Oh ! shield me fromithe terrors of my first; Let him not in, ornill he fiercely burst Into my chamber, nor will go away Unless some fabilons account I pay. larkl that's his liibeok: I know thatsiinmmons dra;d ; Unaer the table let ielide my head; Go to him, say I'm gone away o adad:' What answereth he ? " To-morrow send a writ." A dozen an' he will, so of him I am quit. 'Tis night, and I am greatly out of sorts; My horridfirst has reigned in all my thoughts The livelong day, and made it most my next; Ireally am quite, bored, upset, and vexed. What now to do to pass my second hours ? How lift the cloud that o'er my spirit lours? Ha blissful thought, I'll go and see my wholoe, The very man to cheer a fellow's soul: At whose conceits, and oddities, and blunders, Nightly a crowded house with hearty plaudits thunders. CONUNDRUMS. 202. Why is the sound of a bell in a steeple like a youthful artist ?- 203. What part of chemical apparatus is like a sharp reply ? 204. When does a person's head become floral? 205. Why is a church clock like a little boy after receiving a beating ? 206.-CHARADE. She breathed it in his eager ear, When Night her filmy veil had drawn O'er mortal sense, and stilled the earth, Until the rosy flinch of dawn. This was the nooniday of her reign, My airyfirst! whose gauzy wings Kept round the gifted, haunted boy, Such sweet mysterious winnowings. She purged his eyes with euphrasy, She won his soul away in dreams, To wander in her haunted realms Of purple hills and golden streams, Then hissed the lips that were to sing My second so harmoniously, That centuries with their mortal change Still keep its bloom immortally. She knew his graceful fancy drank So deeply in his poet-soul Of her charmed goblet,.that it flung Its magic radiance o'er my whole. And centuries:shall ebb.and flow While shrined ithin his witching page, IMy whole, the second ofmy first, . Shall glad young hearts from age to age!
ANSWEns TO CiARADE, &C. (Pages 93, 94, S95, and 96.) 155. Sun-dial. 156. He who fights and runs away May live to fight another day. To be read--HE, WHO fights-& runs away- male liive'-tWiglit -..An 0-third day. 157. : HLare so up ! 2. Collared eel. 3. A lobster Sal had 1 4. Slices of Turkey. 5. L, a quarter of lamb. 6. A bit of Bacon. 7. Boy- led beef. 8. Par-snips. 9. Pheasants. 10. A cab in it pudding. 11. A tipsy cake. 12. Pison puddings (pies and puddings). 13. CRmISTaAS PUDDING. 14. Des-sert. 15. Whines and spirits. 158. Bar-l--Barrel. 159. Friend-ship-Friendship. 160. Ah ! gal-Argal. 161. Bed-lamb-Bedlam. 162. Title-deeds. 163. Horn. 164. Cup-board-Cupboard. 165. Bee-tray-Betray. 166. Miss Sal-Missal. 167. Imp-Alp-able-Impalpable. 168. Because it stands at teas. 168.* Because he has not picked-yours (pic- tures). 169. Thames. 170. By getting into a boat on the Thames for a p'. 171. Because he has all the v's in his own language. 172. µ's. 173. Palmers-ton-Palmerston. 174. Lay-bell-Label. 175. Anna, Tommy--Anatomy. 176. All is not gold that glitters. To be read-Awl IS-knot-G, old-THAT, G litters. 177. Fen, Nell-Fennel. 178. 1. Weight for the waggon. 2. I'm sitting on this (s) tile, Xary. 3. The light of other days. 4. Bob in a round. 179. Bar-wrist-err-Barrister. ,180. When they take a bait, and are pulled up. 181. Because he gives a full (fool) a-mount. 182. Because they are a table of contents. 183. Because he's enjoying his (s)nooze. 184. Because, however great a man may be, there is always a nutmeg-grater (greater). 185. When its (s)mel's sweet. 186. Broug-ham-Brougham.
207.-LINE FROm POPULAR SON.. 208.-ENIGMA.
I boast as many forms as e'er The great god Proteus used to wear. Anon, with huge and massive form, I brave the waters and the storm; Anon, loud thundering from afar, I stem the mighty tide of war. Anon, in small and lonesome cell, Ensconced beneath the earth I dwell. I often live in plains, yet still My dwelling's always near a hill i
Anon, the merest spec in size, Unseen except by prying eyes, No more 'mid sea or under ground, Among the human race I'm foun ; In fact, it's not unlikely, too, Dear reader, I may dwell with youn; And though you may not quite approve me, You'd scarcely venture to remove me. Now, if you can't my name descry, You must be quite as blind as I.
209.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. -.-- CONUNDRUMS. 210. Why are a Catholic chapel, a poor man, a barrel of ale, and a ferry-boat alike? 211. What painter's name may be pronounced so as to express a period of time? 212. Why is a sailor who has been in the tropics like a Highlander:in full costume ? 213. What is the difference between an emigrating Scotchman and Robin tood's bad?