PUZZLE PAGES.
22.--PUZZLE. OOM1 was to be larked by Joe, If to the churchyard he would go, And never fear a ghost, For he had said and meant to show That deed, in spite of Tom's flow Of words, 'twas but his boast. Joe wrapped him in a linen sheet, Then out he stole poor Tom to meet, Amongst the mounds and stones. When Tom saw Joe he trembled so, And scarcely knowing what to do, Said, "Art thou flesh.and bones? "I'll try," and out a pistol came; He with a shaking hand took aim, And shot Joe dead as dead; And when Tom found what he had done, He for the village doctor run, Who to the graveyard sped.
But Joe was dead. A jury sat; Tom would be hanged, no doubt of that- Perhaps hung in chains-a fixture ; But as the jury, well they knew it, To shoot poor Joe ne'er meant to do it, Their verdict was-the picture. 23.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I. " Good bye - good bye." 1. "Bright and fierce and fickle." 2. " Long life to the grape, for when summer is flown. The age of our nectar shall gladden our own." .. "I view yon Empress of the North Sit on her hilly throne, Her palace's imperial bowers, Her castle proof to hostile powers, Her stately halls and holy towers." 4. " And pardon of the queen she craved For her offences all." 5. " On thy silver tide The glaring bale-fires blaze no more, No longer steel-clad warriors ride Along thy willowed shores." IT. Without hope of change, in sleep she seemed to walk forlorn. Till cold winds broke the grey-eyed morn." "Beyond expression fair, With thy floating flaxen hair, Thy rose lips and full blue eyes." 24.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. "At noon she slept again, And seemed knee-deep in mountain grass, And heard her native sea-breeze pass, And rivulets babbling down the glen." 2. "Thereon, his deep eye laughter stirred With merriment of kingly pride, Sole star of all that place and time, I saw him in his golden prime." 3. " Half-light, half-shade, She stood, a sight to make an old man young.'
4. " Locks not wide did spread Madonna-wise on either side her head, Sweet lips whereon perpetually did rain The summer-calm of golden charity." 5. "Prudes for doctors, dowagers for dears, And sweet girl graduates in their golden hair." 6. " So let me Wear black and white, Walk your dim cloister, and distribute dole To poor sick people, richer in His eyes Who ransomed .us, and haler too than I." 7. "Whence that airy bloom of thine, Like a lily which the sun Looks thro' in 'his sad decline, And a rose-bush leans upon ?" 25.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The castle and the cottage. i. "And with his sickle keen IIe cuts the bearded grain at a breath." 2. " Du reds't, wie du's verstehst. Wie oft und viehnals. Erklirt' ich dir's I Dir stieg der Jupiter IIinab bei der Geburt, der helle Gott, Du kanst in die Geheimnisse nicht schowen." 3. "There for the weary still a haven smiles, Though the fair goddess long hath ceased to weep, And o'er her cliffs a fruitless watch to keep For him who dared prefer a mortal bride." 4. "' Already doubled is the cape, our bay Receives that prow which proudly spurns the spray." ANSWERS TO PUZZLES,. &c. (Pages 109, 110, 111, 102.) .-Turn-coat. 9.-LIFEiAT. I. Lamb. 2. Io. 3. Freya. 4. Effect. liU.CII:c's---Rn.oR s. 1. Colour. 2. I. 3. Roland. 4. 'Circe. 5. Ulster. *6. Scinis. I·--0:E-LESS 1. 1Moral. 2. Ore. 3. Recess. 4. Express. 1--. ost-age. 13.pp (peas)-LL-Pretty-OE ,ORER-TY- T (teaze): Pretty Poll.
26.-PUZZLE. All hail to thee, O Liberty ! Despots must quail before thee now; Each tyrant quakes and fain would fly, And abject at thy shrine would bow. . . Dread goddess, ever bright and fair! Slaves are made free at thine approach; Each bondsman leaps into the light- Leaps joyous; utters no reproach, Lest Liberty should suffer in the nation's sight. Thus far: now please to solve my riddle, 'Tis neither cock and bull nor cat and fiddle, But just what people very often see When they toss up their caps for Liberty. 27.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The crimson of the evening sky. 1. One of the seven churches. 2. The world. 3. INothing.