PUZZLE COMPETITION.*
7. NUMERICALPUZZLE.-il whole is a county in England. My 8, 6, 5=a rule. My 1, 3, 6, 5, 7=to creep along. My 1, 7, 2, 5, 4=a jester. My 5, 2, 3, 4=wasted by use. My 6, 3, 1=a bow. My 4, 2, 5= the present time. 8. BEHEADED WonDs.-I am a fisher's basket; behead me, I am a Scotch dance; behead again, I am a fish. I am a small inlet ; behead me, I am to emit vapour. I am to make a harsh sound; behead me, I am to scold; behead again, I am the past tense of a verb. I am a thorn; behead me, I am a long walk; behead again, I am a horse's pace. 9. HIDDEN PnovEnns.-In each of the following is hidden a well-known proverb:- Abdeeeeeefggghhhiiiimorrrrsssss tw w. Aaaadeeeffhiilnnnorrrttwy. 10. REBns.-Dora deklaw without her glancing She got the first mi of her walk with great difficulty and many Tom is holding aeld a Ill high walls high walls The castle was built the town. 11. Houn GLASS PUZZLE.--My centrals read downwards give the name of a celebrated General. (1) A county in England. (2) A city in England. (3) The capital of a large island. (4) A town in Siberia. (5) A town in the North of England. (6) A town in New Zealand. (7) A country of Europe. (8) A city in India. x . x x. x . . x . 12. Prove by logic that a figure is a division. 13. MAGIC SQUARE.-In a square divided into 16 spaces place the numbers from 17 to 32 in such a manner that if added together horizontally, vertically, or diagonally, they will yield the same number.. Puzzles continued on page 198.
PUZZLE COMPETITION. (Continued from page 190.) 14.-BURIED RIVERS. We are going for a long walk. He placed entire confidence in the boy. I wish you would not vex Evelyn so. That weed spreads wonderfully. Please give orders for that to be done. That boy never is out of temper. 15. CHARADE.-M-i y first is an insurgent. MIy second is a wild animal. My whole is a revolt. 16. GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE.-The initial letter of each of the following towns or provinces will give the name of an English port. Rwkebci = a county in Scotland. Gornaon = a town in further India. Bnukcnirs = a town in Austria. Hlsok tomc = a town in Sweden. E hbit= a State in Asia. R pooto = a town in Portugal. Nsu a a n 1 e= a town in Switzerland.