PUZZLE PAGES. 519.-CHARADE.
N the good days of old, As we've often been told, Flourished Melrose's powerful abbey, Where they brewed good ale, And made capital lrail, For their housekeeping never was shabby. Their cellarer .hen Was the jolliedb do !m'en Who in Melroso had e'i'donned my second: For he brewed mnitkle ale, Told the ehirpingdst tale, And the best booti coin nnion was reckoned. And among :;ll myfiat He was stil cdunted crst Of all revels the star and the glory, The steadiest to quaff, And the merriest to laugh, Quite the best at a song or a story. He was nevor-t fault TWhen he mdasured the malt,
Nor in tasting his bcewage thercafter; And his skill did not fail When he seasoned the hail, Or set forward tale, ballad, or laughter. So myfirst with one voice Vowed if they had their choice (When a new abbot's votes should be reckoned), On Cyril would fall The election of all, For a worthier ne'er wore my second. But all folks are rash Who count chickens or cash Ere either are taken securely; So my first missed ,heir ale, And their capital hail, And lacked their old revels most tbrely. Ere the abbot was dead, Father Cyril instead Left trencher, quaigh, flagon, and bicler;,
From., surfeit to die Of a huge venison pie, That libations of Malmsey helped quichr They buried him where The refectory's stair A most suitable honour was reckoned, For the ale and the meat Still passed just by his feet, As enshrouded he lay in my second. And they say from that hour A mysterious flower Sprang up, the low tombstone adorning; My second it wore, While the dark hue it bore Seemed a suitable emblem of mourning, And my first, when they spied It, most sorrowfully sighed, And named it my whole, as a token Of the brewer of ale, And the seasoner of hail, Whose last merry jest bad been spnen.
520.-SANCHO PANZA'S P IOVERBIAL PUZZLES.
I've waited too long for my bonilli to-day, As on many occasions beside; I wish all our cooks had a forfeit to pay For each dinner they spoil by neglect or delay; We should find in the end 'tnas a cspital way To get each day's broth well supplicd.
II. obbler I at least you're not busy to-day, as your wife always said as I called on eWy, So takemywlork soonest : my calls will be eel fVren my boots and your manners togcether mended.
Im.
n Mother Hobbard went to seek c bone or the dog's dinner, and found nothing there, she, "That cat's been here-for she alone Stake away my bones and scraps would dare I
But I will make the broom give her a greeting; In spite of her, the mice run bold and free, And if the lazy creature will try cheating, I'll take good care she'll play no tricks with me I"
521.-A GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE.
'N -j/< // Whaut figure doas~ thi~is pes~sn re~reseint?
522.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. letter of the Grecian alphabet; joint of venison in high estimation; pretty blossom's Latin nomination; dignitary o'er the churches set; he cowslip's larger sister nearly kin; he adverb we resign as years pass on; 'hat warms and brightens all it looks upon; he early form of copper, lead, or tin; mournful tree, endowed with supple grace; cr country's boast, her army on the main; be " American cousin" of our cereal grain; or Roman combats the appointed place; British soldier of a regiment proud; lhe traveller by an atmospheric stage; lato's antagonist, the Stoic sage; pretty evergreen to churches vowed; he title of the present Pope of Rome; mighty bird of Australasian home. first is now before your eyes displayed, epleto with fact and fiction strange and new, ts gathered treasures are designed for you, r mind to store, your heart and memory aid ! d so my second is our friendly greeting o all who've journeyed with us on our way, nd to new friends as well; to all we say second heartily till our next meeting I 3--PROTEAN TRANSFORMATIONS. am a word of only three letters, and yet will often moinset me under different aspects. ill introduce you to a few of my phases. I am of a watery character, to be found at lee, at Cadiz, at Carmarthen, and Honduras.
2. You will trace my presence in custards, bread-and-butter puddings, pickled salmon and mackerel, and in cheesecakes. 3. I am to be met with in the bloodhound, and a few others of the thoroughbred class of dogs. 4. You will find me among the decorations of churches and houses at Christmas. 5. I am occasionally discovered in fine spa- cious windows in large, old-fashioned mansions. 6. I belong to the poet, the soldier, and the hero. 7. I am an item in the garnish of the boar's head at Queen's College, Oxford. 8. When I become endued with an equestrian character I select a bright brown colour. You will find my three little letters at the com- mencement and near the end of the alphabet. ANSWERs TO CHARADES, &C. (T'1. IV.) 500. Mince-pie. 501. B ounce, buck, ram, velvets, deer; Christmas comes butt once A Y-ear; W-hen it comes it B-rings good "cheer," Bee-F, pudding, mince pie-S, and Bee-R. 502. 1. Bay. 2. Yew. 3. Box. 4. Ivy. 5, Holly. 0. Laurel. 7. Arbutus. 8. Mistletoo. 503. Beef, plum-pudding, mince-pies, and beer, Came into England all in one year. 504. CInRIsTIAs - ROAST BEEF. CR-- HellO-RanA-IriS - SweeT-TuB-MilE-- AlE-SnufF. 505. Mistletoe-bough.
524.-CHARADE.
Gobblehambnry's a village small, You may not find in the map at all, Endued with the usual sort of things That Virgil in his Bncolics sings. Plenty of fields, abundance of trees, Plenty of pastures, hedgerows, and leas; Plenty of cows, sheep, pigs, and bees,. And ditto of all snch things as these ; While every household of woman or man kmong its implements reckons a -.
Plenty of corn, and hay, and grass, Reaped and raked by each lad and lass, For counted by many a score of twenty Ae lads and lasses in ample plenty, On eating, and drinking, and sleeping intena And not over-gifted with too much sense. Search Gobblehambury all up and down, Each lass is a fool, and each lad is a lokn, But fool or clown, at revel and wake They're all every one most addicted to.-
:, ·:, - iý --·1~1 ~t ~~I-PaoePu lE3-~~~rl· ý. ý _ ---- Q] ._
And on one most auspicious day They deck themselves out in choicest array, While myfirst on every fire is placed, My second is mixed in very great haste. Then boys and girls on each doorstep rest, All in their holiday finery dress'd, Crying "Tippety, tippety, tippety tow I Give us my whole, and then we'll go I" And whatever you give them, be sure they can take Nothing to eat but my whole, a - -. The maids of Gobblehambury suppose That for this alone old Chucklechick goes To her snug little nest, and busily lays, To meet their wants on this best of days; While Grizzle, the cow, must not flinch or fail To yield them that day a brimming pail, When they with the lads will merrily go, Singing all together, " Tippety tow I" So they scour with brick, and polish with bran, To jet-black brightness myfirst, the -. And the lads of Gobblehambury view The pigs they tend with this vision too.
SOld chop !" they mutter, " 'twill be r hard If you don't provide us with plenty of lard" Then they carry the wheat to be ground o the mill With many a joke and frank good-will, Crying, " Miller, bolt it as flue as snow, And we'll come to your door with tippret tow l When my second our dame in my first doe bake, For all lads and lasses are partial to - !' And Gobblehambury has lots of folks Who are not too old for frolics and jokes: The aged dames keep their smartest caps, And the gassers preserve their tidiest wraps With a pensive sigh at bygone delights, For "all Shrove Tuesdays and boon nights," When lads and lasses to each house go, Singing " Tippety, tippety, tippety tow !" For Gobblehambury small interest can take In aught on that day save my firt and
525.-SANCHO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES.
The merry gipsy's little apt to care [sinner ! What makes his pot boil- inconsiderate He'd jsut as soon pop in a duck or hare And kat it hot for'his unlicensed 8dia, .iTfA
II. We nothing troullo when the merchant bold Sends forth his venture on the stormy Mai We nothing care when it comes safe ,gfUi ~have no risk, and so our blood runs cold. h79
' . 1, 2 3. 4. OLD ARMS-1. Bascinet and closed helmets. 2. Sword. 3. Norman arms. 4. Helmet with " bever up," and helmet with visor and bever down,