'UZZLE PAGES.
I' 60.-PUZZLE. SHE stood before the cheval glass, In the charms of youth and beauty; Could you have seen her as she stood, Worship would have been your duty; So light, so slim, so young, so fair, So white and pink, with black eyes flashing; Her every movement full of grace, And then her dress! so quaint and dashing. Round, round she turned and faced about, Prettily pouting at herself, Reflected in the glass before her, Like some delicious elf, And as she gazed, Narcissus-like, Admiring all her own fair charms, Her pretty face, her tiny waist, Her plump and snow-white arms,
She smiled complacently and stretched Her lily hand towards the glass, Patted it gently like a horse, And kissed it, too-but let that pass. "You are a dear good glass," she said, "And you and I are like each other. 'Tis a conundrum, you see- Why is it Ihard to tell us one from t'other? One letter dropped and we are one; No difference at all but that. Come, tell me why are we alike; Don't linger over it~. but tell me flat!" 61.-DO-JtQI ACROSTIO. "Land of brown lheath and shaggy wood; Land of the mountain and the flood." "The rose how it glows ! 'Tis fair England's chosen tree,. And France decks her shield With the stately fleur-de-lis; But brighter, fairer far than these, There blboms a flower for me, Amid the brackens green On Scotland's grassy lea." 1. "The twinkling laurel scattered silver lightz' 2. "I hear along our street- Pass the minstrel throng; Hark ! they play so sweet On their hautboys, Christmas song !'" 8. " At half-past two, As witnessed a timepiece. That stood on a marble table, Showing at once the time of day, And a team of horses running away As fast as they are able, With a golden god, with golden star, And a golden spear, in a golden car, According to Grecian fable." 4. "Who art. thou that, with stern and iron tread, Chafest the mountains and their lofty sides, Indented furrowest with deep-worn glens?"
5. "Thy limbs will shortly be twice as stout as they are now, Then I'll yoke thee to my cart like a pony in the plough; My playmate thou shalt be, and when the wind is cold, Our hearth shall be thy bed, our house shall be thy fold." 6. "His hand reclined upon the wire, Seemed watching the awakening fire: So still he sat as those who wait Till judgment speaks the doom of fate: So still, as if no breeze might dare To lift one lock of hoary hair." 7. "Thou loveliest, dearest of them all, The one whose smile shone out alone Amidst a world, the only one ! Whose light amongst so many lights Was like that star on starry nights The seaman singles from the sky To steer his bark for ever by." 8. "And I defy thee do thy worst. Ha! ha! quoth Tarquin, though One of us two shall end our lives Before that we do go." "If thou be Lancelot de Sake, Then welcome shalt ;thou be, Wherefore see thou thyself defad, For }Piw defy L thee." AN8WlRS `TO PUZZLES, &e. (Pages 445, 046, 447, 448.) 17.-Gossip. Finals and initials alternately, of the two first lines o, ach stanza. 48.-KILT-ScoT. 1. Kiss. 2. Iambic. 3. Loo. 4. Tent. 49.-RUM--GIN.-1. Rug. 2. Uri. 3. Man. 50.- HoNEY-1MooNs.-l. Hareem. 2. Otho. 3. Nono, 4. Ellen. 5. Yemens. 51.-AGAMERNON-IPHIGENIA.-1. Alighieri. 2. Grasp. 3. Adah. lIinetti. 5. Evening. 6. Marianne. 7. Napoleon. 8. Ontalissi. f ora, 5'. EAaRTIA-WATER.-1. Eyebrow. 2. Aurora. 3. Rabbit. 4. Time. , hair. 53'-DRtGS-DEATH. 54-C--Dos.-1. Cid. 2. Arno. 3. Tostig,
62--CHARADE. I. My first is first of playwrights' first, My second ever figures in the worst, My third a hundred well would represent, My fourth stands central in the firmament. II. My first it stands for Anderson, John Anderson my jo; My second's a half negative, A moiety of no; My third, though without antlers, For head of deer must go. )l j . aI { $,( :. . -. -"II- III, My first is ever busy, and my second Is all yourself and may as such be reckoned; My third makes needles needless, And of my. fourth we never should be hecdlers, Seeing it in everything that's shocking, While number five is always in my stocking, And number six is well caught out in mocking. Now put these things together, And tell me whether The answer is not hinted in the little cut above.