PU Z Z L E S.* RIDDLE-MIE-REF.
My first is in thumb, but not in hand. My second's in fire, but not in brand. My third is in castle, but not in its flag. My fourth is in roebuck, but not in a stag. My fifth is in honey, but not in a B. My sixth is in letters, but not in a C. My seventh's in pencil, but not in a pen. My eighth's in a cock, but not in a hen. My ninth's in position, but not in a king. My tenth is'in bellrope, but not in the ring. BIRDs ENIGMATICALLY EXPnESSED. 1. To steal-A preposition. 2. The time when the moon rules-A preposition-A high wind. 3. Part of a ship-A line. 4. A colour-A machine used for knocking. 5. The refuse of wheat-A measure. 6. A monarch-A water-hunter. MISSED VOWEL PUZZLE. Lwnthknnldwnflldsh. Nddwnfllllthmn t. Swftwntthp ddngnthstrm. Ndsiddlngthstrt. SINGLE ACROSTIC. The initials read downwards give the name of a French king :- The mother of invention. A garden fruit. Forgiveness. A night bird. A wild beast. A precious stone. A large bird. Want. GEOGRAPHICAL CHARADE. My first is a point of the compass; my second is plus; my third is ground. My whole is a county in the north of England. My first is able; my second is part of a wheel. My whole is a mull in Scotland. My first is a liquid; my second is the way across a river. My whole is an Irish harbour. My first lies on the sea-shore; my second is a piece of jewellery; my third is an article of food. My whole is a royal residence. My first is hydrophobia; my second is to send away. My whole is a town in Spain. My first is a Scotch church; my second belongs to a cow; my third signifies shining. My whole is a town in Scotland. BURIED GIRLS' NAMES. Sambo lives in a wooden hut. Do race to the lamp-post with me, Donald. The lady has fainted, I think. I shall give him a pen or a pencil. Will he varnish this panel for me? Do you remember that I gave you the money? BEHEADED WORDS. I am to live in; behead me, I am a reservoir; behead again, I am a measure. I am a horse-box; behead me, I am not short; behead again, I am everything. I am quiet; behead me, I am a money-box; behead again, I am ailing. I am a transparent substance; behead me, I am a maid; behead again, I am a domestic animal. * Twonty-one Prizes and Certificates 'nill be given for tihe best answers to these received before Feb. 6. Sec Rules, page (.