PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
MONTH of the new year has slipped away, and we have reached Feb- ruary. It ought to be a very pleasant month, the first of the Spring, but the seasons are so uncertain now- adays, it is im- 1possible to tell. We have had such a mild winter, that it is not at all un- likely that the coming month N will - '' make our scribbling fingers ache, And pinch our noses blue !" According to the calendar and the poets it ought to be delightful, for the birds should pair and begin to set up housekeeping ; and there's Valentine's Day in it! I don't suppose that even if we had frost and snow, the crop of Valentines would be at all injured ! And the postmen would have plenty to do to prevent their getting chilled by standing about idle. As for the birds, at the time I am writing, if I go down into the garden of a morning, I can hear them singing and chirping and twittering in every direc- tion and in every style, from the liquid whistle of the thrush down to the titmouse's funny "little bit o' bread and no cherse 1" Then, again, the green things are beginning to feel the stir of life ; the primroses are in bloom, and here and there I can find a pansy or a violet; and the buds on the fruit-trees are so advanced that I am afraid, unless we get some cold weather to check their opening, they will be in blossom in a very few weeks, and then our chances of peaches and apricots will be all over ! I think the most appropriate way of beginning Puzzledom this month will be to give you all a Puzzle Valentine. rT.R
(A.) A PUZZLE VAL.ENTINE. If I should blow a kiss to you, To show you where my heart would be; Will you respond to love so true, By blowing back a kiss to me? As thirsting blossoms sigh for rain, To tell you all my love I pine: Alas ! that love should bring us pain;- May you ne'er feel such pangs as mine: No barbed arrow, well-addressed, Or knife, bright-glancing in the sun, Shall e'er so deeply pierce my breast Or cut my heart, as Love has dlone! Then let us join our hands and vow, In spite of all that Love has tried, In faith and constancy as now We two for ever will abide. I dare say you will wonder how to set about this Valentine, so I may as well tell )ou it is done in the same way as " Proverb., in Rhyme," which I have given you once or twice before. I must confess I am not a very great believer in proverbs. ',There is no rule without an exception " (which is itseli an exception as a proverb, because it is nearly always true) is pleaded whenever a proverb breaks dtown, but it always seems to me that the proverb is the exception and not the rule-it is so often wrong. A proverb asserts too much. It is as if I should say " All cats are black," which would seem n! wise saying to people who had never seen tabbies, tortoiseshells, or white cats. However, in spite of my doubts about proverbs, I will give you one in picture language. It is one of those which 1 dlon: like, for its tendency is to discourage peopie who are of an obliging disposition.
(B.) PICTURE PROVERB. ~\ -- In old times the rule on St. Valentine's Day was that you became the Valentine for the day of the first person of the opposite sex whom you saw on the morning of the Fourteenth ; and the gentleman was expected to give the lady some little present-a brooch, or a ribbon-in honour of the occasion. I am going to give you a diamond. But I will first tell you it is a Puzzledom diamond, which you will have to cut, polish, and set for yourselves. As you have never had any before, I will cut, polish, and set one for you. This specimen diamond is composed of- I. A consonant. 2. A lad. 3. A flavour. 4. A quill. and 5. A consonant. When you have found these out and llaced them under one another they will make a diamond, for the consonant is of course only one letter ; the second step con- tains three: the third, five; the fourth, three; and the fifth, one. Reading from the top point of the diamond to the bottom, you will get one word-certain sweet flowers. Read- ing from the left point to the right, you will get another word-an appreciation of the beautiful. Well, the first consonant is " R," the lad is " BOY," the flavour is " TASTE," the quill is " PEN," and the last consonant is "S." Place these in proper order, and you find the diamond- BOY PEN S
The answer perpendicular is " Roses ;" the answer horizontal is " Taste." Now that I have explained what you must do with it, I will present to you (C.) A PUZZLE DIAMONnD. i. A consonant. 2. An undeveloped flower. 3. Slender. 4. A fruit. 5. A consonant. The perpendicular answer will give the name of a personage supposed to be very in- fluential on the Fourteenth. The horizontal answer will afford you assistance in sealing up your Valentines. There's the diamond for you, and you must please to suppose that I saw you all at. once on the lawn in front of our cottage at Puzzledom, and so have you all for Valentines. But, really, there are so many pilgrims now, that I think the cottage would barely hold their letters to me, and that to accommodate the pilgrims themselves I should have to run it up six or seven stories, build two wings to it, make a large addition at the back, and take iti the front lawn to build a dining-hall upon. But, after all, we need not fidget, because we can do such wonderful things in Puzzledom. If the house is too small, we send for a con- tractor (why he should be called a contractor when he is wanted to enlarge the premises is another puzzle), and say to him, " Mr. 1. Magginayshun, please let out the tucks of our house;" and he will pump invisible india-rubber into it until it becomes as big as the Shah's palace at Teheran. While we are sitting on the lawn, I will show you four lines on February that appear in " The Puzzledom Post " to-day. (D.) LINEs oN hEIRUARV.
the Ss A r While you are trying to decipher those lines, I will hear what the gardener has to say, for I see he is corning along the path this way. Oh, he says it is time to plant some seeds he has in his list, if we want to have early vegetables. Luckily, I bought a packet of seeds in the City yesterday, when I was calling on the Great Panjandrum, so I can supply him at once. Come along into the kitchen-garden, and we will watch him while he plants the seeds. He is putting in half a dozen different sorts. "What are they?" Well, here is his list, which you may read if you can. Six BURIED VEGETABLE SEEDS. I. He begins by turning the ground well over, and breaking it up with his spade, for of course there must be a nice fresh bed of mould for the seeds to lie in. 2. Then he covers them over warm and close, but not too thickly, because, though we want them to escape any frost we may have, we must not bury them too deep for the warm sun to wake them. 3. And now that he has planted two kinds, he digs over a large space and sprinkles another kind over it, so that each seed is planted in turn. I paid very little for that seed. 4. Next we have another kind, which I fancy you all like. I hope to be able to offer a dish of them before very long at tea- time, or at breakfast if you prefer it. 5. Then we shall want something in the way of salads. The gardener is planting some in the beds, but they do but give them us tardily, so I mean to have some in pans in the greenhouse. 6. And I shall have this kind forced there too, because, though you may have acres sown, one little pan in the greenhouse will outstrip them all. The gardener, when he has finished his sowing, begins to set up sticks and strings and rags and all sorts of devices, to scare
away the feathered thieves, who are the plague of his life. He wants to shoot them, but I do not begrudge them the few seeds they may take. It is but a fair toll-even supposing they do steal a few-considering the songs they sing for us, and the number of insects they destroy, which would do infinitely more harm to the growing plants than they can do to the scattered seeds. I will give you a Double Acrostic referring to this subject. (F.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I love the tiny songsters all Their tithe I gladly pay, I list their lays at evening's fall And at the dawn of day; And in my grounds, devoid of fear, Their humble homes they aye shall rear. I. With many a plum And plenty of crumb, Brown and shiny, And not too tiny, And purchased for such a moderate sum. 2. Bob from the window gazed sadly forth, "The wind's from the West and not from the North; I must hang up my skates. It does nothing but rain, And this will never come back again!" 3. It was ghosts or thieves, they vowed in a fright, That made such noises all through the night. But a terrier-dog whose ears were cropped Found out the cause, and the noise was stopped. 4. I knew a boy, Who didn't enjoy His wholesome tub, The sad little grub ! 5. Snip-snap, A sharp-nosed chap, Snap-snip, Your nose he'll clip. I see by the "Puzzledom Post " that a new version of " The Prevaricating Parti- ciples" has been produced at the theatre. You remember we went to see it soon alter we arrived in Puzzledom. The paper sa)s it was very favourably received, and presents its readers with portraits of the principal
characters. I wonder if you can discover the names of the Dramatis Persome. (G.) THE PREVARICATING PARTICIPLES. s I In the same number of the Post there is in the Poet's Corner a Puzzledom Valentine, which is written in " Lofty Language," of which we had a specimen in an early number. Ordinarily lofty language means using ten words to describe a thing when one will do- as for instance saying "a broad-bladed imple- ment of husbandry" instead of "a spade." But in Puzzledom you will remember they do not do things ordinarily, so lofty language there consists in putting definitions instead of words or syllables. For example, in Puzzle- dom lofty language, you would put for " pen- sIe "," the instrument of the ready writer, a culinary article ; " and for " hair "-" a long-eared and timid quadruped." After that explanation you should find little or no diffi- culty in reading the Poet's quatrain. A PUZZLEDOM "VALENTINE. The perforated portion of a watering-pot is perused. The stringed musical instrument permits what the gale did.Corner a Puzzledom Valentine, Stramway vehicle peoples Lofty Laretinue and stitch a consonant, an evergreen. SStitch a consonant, an evergree~n.
That's a good old-fashioned valentine, that I can remember ever since I was a little boy. The valentines of these days are very grand affairs, but they do not seem to me as nice as the old-fashioned ones, for they are too ex- pensive to be sincere. I mean that they look more like show-off than real feeling, and I think it is a great pity a pretty old custom that gave so much harmless pleasure, and set so many little people all a-tiptoe with expecta- tion, should be changed into a mere display. Now that valentines want card-boxes as big as small portmanteaus to contain them, the fancy seems lost in the substance. The prettiest valentine any of my little people could send me would be to blow me a kiss on the morning of the Fourteenth. I shall be on the look-out for the kisses, and will see they don't go astray. Talking about valentines, I think those of you who like illuminating and painting will find the initial at the beginning of this month's Puzzledom useful; for you might copy and colour it, and with a few more decorations make your own valentines, which I fancy would be very much prettier; and certainly would be more valued, than the unmeaning things you buy at the shops. In the A there are forget-me-nots, and a heart, and a true lover's knot. Then there are Cupid, and the dove carrying a letter, and the bow and arrow, and the heart's-ease, and several other suitable emblems. Ah, that suggests another puzzle. This time it is- (L) AN E IcGrMa. I'm the dream of the maiden who wishes to wed, And my name may be Dick, Tom, Jim, Harry, or Ned; Yet when she's a lover too shy he may be To say to a biped-not featherless-me; And his ears, as an infant, my chimes may have heard, And custom has therefore his title conferred. No matter, young Love, by my aid 'tis con- sessed, Has planted a dart in her innocent breast, So her future she trusts, for good fortune or ill, To that fortunate worshipper, happen what will; For if clouds of disaster should darken Heav'n's cope She thinks I shall shine as the beacon of hope. So they marry at last-may their future be pleasant- And I, all in white, at the wedding am present.
It is now the turn of original verse, so I will give you for A GARLAND OF SPRING FLOWERS. Then I want you to see what you can make of these- (L.) BLANK RHYMES. BIRDS BUIIDING. Now. Bough. Bring. Wing. Nest. Breast. Shell. Well. Here follow the lists of solutions, and of correct solvers. SoLUTIONS. A.-Hollied A's-holidays. B.-I. " Wis/h /I, Zin great "-shilling. 2.-" Snowcd. 'Dz/,'-r/, "-wedding- ring. C.-r. Three-fourths of hare, two-thirds of leg, three-sevenths (really, four) of quinine-Har-le-quin. 2. Five-sixths of column, and bine- Colum-bine. 3. " Clo " and two-fifths of crown- Clo-wn. 4. Pan, three-fourths of tall, and three- fourths of moon.-Pan-tal-oon. T.-Little Red (Riding) Hood. E.-Fair-eye-tails.-Fairy Tales. F-January, New Year: - JerkiN, ApE, NepheW, UglY, AzurE, RatafiA, YoungsteR. G.-" Beef, Plum Pudding, Mince Pies, and Beer Came into England all in one year." (K, mint, two, England, awl in one, y, ear.) IL-" Christmas comes but once a year, When it comes it brings good cheer." For I and K see answers. The follon-ing have answered all puzzles correctly :- Amy and Jessie Herbert ; Mary Connie and Eddie: Emma and Cousin Anne; Frisky; Drake, IDuck. and Pig : Add and Annie; C. E. Allan ; Kittvmice : Minnie V. ; Kitten ; Polyan- thus and Hennv Penny ; W. A. P.: ; larion Leslie ; Eddie Sul- livan : W. Sullivan; E. and Lel[a Hutton; A. AI. Y. Nellie Macdonald : Tommy logey : aleham ; Penmorva ; Enaj : Edith lIudden ; Pendragon ; I'. C. Hughes ; Wills : Octopus Alice's Oak Tree; Ella; Alex and lew ; The Red Queen; C. J. Powell; Harry Hotspur; Kittoms ;: lice Stronach Mabel E. Walmisley; George Snmetham; J. and G. acl)onald; 222
Neddums and Bee; Princess Sheila; Gemini; Innes; Ta)y. Edith Cadrgan; Big Baby; (iG segirl and two geese; lara and Herbert ; Annie and Pheenie ; Ursa l inor ; Padishra Doodun ; I)harwar Severn ; Rlodway ; Angelita ; R. D. Purvinr Elsie S. ; Sydney Cimson. The following have answered those puzzles of which the initial letters in italic are attached to their names : Maggie Mary Borland, A B C . If ; The Little Mountaineer I G (; I; Sweet Briar, A.B I) 171; Chestnut, BC 1) E (G :; Jessie E. Robinson, B CD IE 1H ; Clara Cecilia Porter C F) ' G HC ; W. H. Rankine, II.; Ellen Llewellyn, .-1 C L F I ; Lily, Annie, and Susie Rowe, A C E G 11; Itualabi. netta, .A 1 CD E G ; Cat, Pug, and Fudge, A- B CDl (; - Iillie of the Valley, A C I) I]G C 11 ; Beatrice Woods, C D E l; J. A. F. I.,A C "I ; 'Charity, .1 BD G /H; Edith Emily H.rris, B C D A F "G II; Illanche Coumbe, CE; Arthur, Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice, A C D E G II; Poker and Tongs, C ) (;H ; Ida Aitken, A B CD El-I; Country lMouse, D F: Hecla, A 1 C F 1I ; Brainerd and Charles, CD) I 1 1/ ; Ethel Allman and Cinderella, A C'D I) E ll; Helen Anne Mlaconochie,.1 CD ) I"; Rosie, C G II; Clarita, A BS Cl) I; Nettie, C E I).Fi; Irish Ivy, CDI) I; EIuphan Maxwell, A B C) I SI1; Constance and label,.l Il; Lilian and Gertrude, B C H 1 II Charlie and Percie Carrver, B C I) G H; Ada 3. Dyson, A 1 C G ; Little Lalla Rooikh and A. Touthomme, A BC 1) : H Gastrium, A (D F I; MAl. and F. l. Ellis, AC 1 f ) G H f; Al.eria )unlnp, A B C') D F/ : H W. E. and J. Thornton, A I C D EH; M. Hope, A C D E (G : Edgeler Blake, A C 1) F G ; Mary Henrietta, A C D IE F I ; l-ontgrowlie, A B C I) IE 1FH; Sib 1ineson, A CD I) G II; H. C. Johnstone,. I CD EHl; l.allie, .-l C D F G I ; W. and D. Shearer, . CI 1)E FG; G. R. Gw;n, C; Irish Stew, .1 I; C I) F " IH: Emily Agnes, . 1 C ]) E;G IH; J. A. Marigold, C I) Si : Willie Mac, . ( II' i ; Pussie Secunda, . 1 C D 11I ; ate and Mary Elgin, .1I 1; C 1) F , /1 ; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, l. C I) L SI; Har-ry J. Bilboe, C DE H I; Nellie and Edith Stevens, 1BCE I' /: Amy Me'asor, B C ) H ; Ellen Wade, .I C DEI; Ai. Patterson, A BCD SI; Twi o Patriarchs., D £bGLIH: Lucy Maine, C D E F (; I; Christina McDiarmed, B CD IE I H: Willie Horton, .- CD ) (; HI; Rosebud,.1 CD EH: Lucy Mor'ris, I B C D I' : Rosa Shillite, B CE " II ; Pene- lope, C I) AH I; Sallie, Dolly, and Kit, CD IF A G I1; Norah Emmeline Pawcutt, .4 B C I) IIt; G. F. and E. Duffeld, B C I) 1: Jabberwock,. I C I) F CII ; Linda and Zelda, A 11C 1) IF' IlI ; Lotus, A1 B C 1) E I ; Leiwie Clapperton, B C 1) H" ; Little Dorrit, .1 BC l) f H: Annie Gertrude Drew, 1) H; Willie Heardl, . C D I G I : C Elise,I BCD - 1I; Bayleaf, .1 BC ) LES H; Thie (races,. C I) ll; InBs , e.v I B C I) E (; II; Ethel and Frit, Luca,, - /('1) SIl; \V. J. S., ABCD ) I' : Lillie M., A i C D El: H. S. J. V. T., A BC E If ; Herbert Dick-ec, C 1';l1: Luigia, A C 1)F I ; Lecho, AB 1 C 1) H: /' I : \\'. Snmee, A 1i C'D) IF1]"/1 ; Amyand Maggie, ."1 LH C/2/I: Sour Grape-. A 1) 11; 'lMarie, .I CD F(l; Widdic,.1 CDEFC 1/i;l .\lice 31iarsy Pace, ) : Hetty and Nelly, - C I I' IF: I.,U;oS Sarah. Al 1 C 1 1F IF ; I.ilitbulero, B CD ) 1 " II ( ; Car-d-, . I C D 1 F. and \V. Siuilloc, B I : A. 3 1cawlrcr, .-I CD I II: lilins, C; I ucunmo, A CD ) F ( / : \\'hite (ueen, {I; Juno, A C E; Cheapjack, .- C I 'T'o,,dle-, .t 1; C)DE ( 11; Netta, B; Emilia Elsic Wilkins, . C 1) F G 11: 1. M. S., 1) Andromache, I C I Lui-e and Janette. I I CDE ) I (; ; Maanelaus, .AI B C D E1' //: albuks, A I : C 1)1" I[ ; A. C. Spencer, I ; C I) I If: iThcrnmetneter. l 1 C E I) If ; Eimerald, C ) H1: Stanley Flint, .t 1; C DI E P Rho, B CD ) I : Edie and Nellie I.,.1 1A H: Harry Dalton Henderson, C I) 1E If ; Yorkshire Lassie, I B I)1:" FII; Blanche, .1 C I) I .F/I:' Fleur-de-lys, I~ C ' E /:; Chrissy\ . B C D 1 ; L. 1,. Nicholls, A CD L II; Valentine and Daisy. . I C 1)1 II; Ardy, A 1) 11 ; Rose Mary Leslie, B C ' I II;: Primrose, C I- HI: i)orothy, E, -: ])' ,lh Varden, the lMarchlioness, and Betsy ITrotwold..I A C 1)/: F II; Adekt I B C I) . ; : tLaura Mlarie Jackson.. C I ' GII :.Alfred Charles, A B C E (; 11/; Elffic and Ally,,. I B; C D :(; 1: lIinny, Kitty, and Clara Ingamnells, .1 Bu C D ," II; Lly and 1label, .I A 1) I/ /: label VoWodhouse and lMaud Stantn, .1 ( 1) / 1. ( 11; Antony and Cleopatra, Madame \\erle, Primula Japonica, 13 C 1) (; 11 ; Katie C.. ; C ) It ; - Stephens,, A1/ C 1)1 (.I ; A. M. P.,. 1 C l I 1"' G 1; Fanny Hall, C E /) 1 1//: Heles of ''rov, ..l I CC 1D /"/; -\r -0 and Rustum, i (. ) .II ; Jimho and Jambo.. R CD I" c Il: C. G. Rogers, ..1 C I) A 11 ; Monkey, C I I' (; : \\ hilhel mrina, CD' ) L.'F : Nelly, Addie, and Dolly Vericet. A.I ('D Char, Ina, Lit, and John. .1 ( ) I C (1I Marta, I. I" FH Snowdrop and Crocus, B C A 1; i; R. H. H lhall, I. BC..i G //; Ethel H. Whall, .1 B C ) I ; Paul and 'irima B C SI. If ; Tarquin and 'Irumpeter, . C D If : Flrence Jewell, C' 1 H) A" ; Amy and Constance, . I/ R. ) F.: l.c '. Ling, .1 C'D I ; Ora:( Outan, .1 I ;C / If I Fenella. A C DI F (/I ; Die Zauberflute, Cl.-1 I'D .; II : Cornstance and AMabel, C' D)E A : Ml osotis, AB E I' II; l;uy, Spick-' Rob, BC D -F 11; Fame, .1 DE FIT; Perwinukle,. l
i ],H: Darby and Joan, .I1 B C D 1 G l; iumping Jack, I ' C DE' ( GIf ; Kate Elsew'urth, CD 1 G H:; Lenole, .1 C ) l (; I ; Puck and Mary, A. B C D IG 1 ; Jeannie G., B C E 1; Buttercup and Daisy, CDE H F : Dunnie, .I C CI)El I Colin, CD F H; Hummnin Bird, A B CD) 1Ii: Iolter Carev's Chickens, C D Es 11 ; Mary Hewitt,.iI A1 C EFH: Edith Mary Stockley, F H: Unadilla, A F If: The Ilrat, A B C E-S G /:;Lilian, C"' E G; R l,., IC" 1)1E 1 G 11; Amr Pigours, B C D F G Hi; Plumi Pudding, C ) 1 Ht; (uoieb B C 1) 1IF; Edmi)ndo Damas & Co., . ii C ]I i I1 ; l,,bela Blatch. I. C ' F If G Madge .1 BC 1 /SI f Carrie and Kittie, .. CD )1 f1; Alice, 1) ; (;. I). Sharp, .I B CD SI/; Arthur and Florence, 1 B C G H; Alice and Florence Humpihreys, l I1 C 1) I' IF: Teacup and Tea- ,,n, (D F G 1 ; Muck Turtle and Gryphon, ..I C 1) F F ( H Gerty and Katie, C" H ; D. E:rnshaw, . C) IE GfI; Carthorse,. B C 1) EG /; nlabel Ellis, .I1 R C I) F / :; Mlarion MaIud, .I CD ) (; ' ; IMaggie Croall, . C I) 1 ; Valter-lily and ''iger-lily, C D '; TThe Nameless Unknown, 1 BC ID I" i; Cinderell CD 1) 11; Codlling, C D 1" / ; Francesca T., 1D I) : Tsmd and Lisette, I) / if: F risky Frank, .1 CD E //; May Tatum, C4 C I) HIs ( ; I Dra Jones, C I) '11: Alice ilerrington, . B C 1) / (; ; Agwie Wylie, (C 1) .F ,G CI; Harry \Whitcombe, C l ) II ; iLelia T ern, I /1 ; Tres Bacchi, .1 A C DE l F /I Or; ganblower, I C I F G / /: Ada, Edith, and leachie, B C 1) GI" , ; I: Mary Paul, .- I CDEF//; Victor Hasiwell, C. 1)f 1" C]; Alice Free- mantle, IC/D F f 1 ; DIormothy Tylor, II C ) G 1/; Ada Mason, . 11 l If; Ming-ring, BC D /f f; Crustyo Peg, .BC lDE ; M.T.,.I C) / : El; May Grenfell, 1E)//; Fanny I arclay,1 1; C D1 F 1H I; Arthur Haylv ard.. C 1) l" ; lli Bescvad, B C 1) 1 Hl ; Debora)h Dottie C E) l) 1"l[ : lind, ilo)ssom, and lIrri', i C I) IF IH: a lAbel Peake, A id C 1D 1. 1 I: Florence Mary Scallon, . C 1) E /; : WIea- thercock, B CD 1" i ; J. nd J. Williamson, Ii i l C /l) Cl i; lack and the lieanstalk, i ll l IC ) / I/: Rustic, C ) / 1 C I : ,alla Rookh, .I C/ 1) '; ; Snowdrop, B1 C I. /: The March Hare .I .i CD ) F 1 1 i; Tweedledumi, 1/; Claiude Love, .1 CD l I; Aubrey and ieatrice Deevor, n A B C ) iF //f Smoke, .I B C I) i"C i ; Taffy and his friiends, . I (C' ) 1 1' C/; Cnvmr, i C F) 1 ]I ; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, B CD ) l" i' /: Ber and Pollylog, CD E G 1/: Ainy Ellen Stephens, SC D I; leantrice Emily Gill, .. C D' (;//; m nie, .1C D FII; Froxftell.. C I" If; Katie Abibott, ir C D) " 1/; Cupid, C E) C /; Cymraes.i . C I") SEC //: Amelia Suer nmondt, I C 1 Bessie, . I C 1E G H, ; Laura eddari, .I BC]D I ;/I/; dith Mary Glover, . 1C i) ; M. i q. and W. A. J., B C "i ; J. K. F. Cleave, C I) I : H. E. lipton, A C ) " FG H; B. Nevill, A lB C / ; Thekla, .1 CD) ES I: Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, . C 1) i' / SPunch and Judy, . I C ; I E. M. Cooler, C E) I C /l7 Jack and Jill, .I B C' 1) F C;1 : Wee Agg, . I C /) /If Edith and Isabel Meyrick, .1 i C 1) I : E rin, B 1) ; I/; Thedi )axmora and Tibeer, -1 B C 1) I//: WVildrake, .1E) Gl; f. and J. Thomnson, C' F 1 C 1; Lord elson, B D ' II; Emily Kate, BC C I) C if. With regard to the essay on (I.) "The New Year," there is a family likeness in the essays, which means that there is a want of original thought about them. Most of my little writers begin by asking " What is a New Year?" and after answering the question, proceed to talk about "good resolutions, and turning over new leaves." I should have preferred to see some freshness, more signs of independent thought, rather than these repetitions of trite and obvious reflections. "Smoke " sends me the best essay, which is not on the model I have just described. The First Class contains Gemini ; Edith Sichel, Periwvinkle; Flo Silvester ; Lucy Ling; Thedi; Luigia; and Lilias. The Second, Christina Mc D)iarmid; Two Patri- archs; Emilia Wilkins; Ayacanora, and Frank Leigh; Nellie Macdonald; Marion leslie, and Kittymice. The Third, Lenore ; Whilhelmina; The Gow Chrom; Organ- blower; Crusty Peg; The March Hare; lie Zauberfl6te ; Edgeler Blake ; Ming- pIng; M. Stephens ; Harry D. Henderson Dorothy; Nettie; Mary, Connie, and
Eddie; Annie and Helen Maconochie. The commended are, Madge; Edith Cado- ,gan; Elise; Fleur de Lys ; Irish Stew; Charity; Chestnut; D)rake, Duck, and Pig; Innes; and Orang Outan. , I cannot class Eddie Sullivan's essay, but it is so quaint and original-an expression of personal opinion, not a repetition of commonplaces- that I think it is worth printing :- " TILL: N',W Y E.\R. "This is to give notice that all Papas and Mammas ought to let their children sit up till twelve o'clock on New Y'ear's Eve. We are sent to bed just as if it were any other night. The worst of the New Year is that all one's Christmas money is spent, because the toyshops are so very tempting just about Christ- mas time. \Vhcn I was little I used to think that some day I would marry the old woman who keeps the toy-shop, so as to have it all. The best of the New Y'ear is that it brings holidays and a pantomime. What a pity it is that the rest of the year is not all holidays and all pantomimes." In (K) Unwedded Rhymes, I place in Class One, Winifred Sullivan, Busy Bee, Neddums and Bee, and Mary Connie and Eddie; in Class Two, Lilibulero, M. Ste- phens, Gemini, Organ-blower, Innes, Innes, Smoke, Tommy Bogey, and Lallie, who has sent two versions, both very fair. Class Three includes Montgrowlie, Edgeler Blake, Eddie Sullivan, Elsie S., Edith Budden, Emily Kate, T. C. Hughes, and Alice Free- mantle. The following are commended, Duck, Drake, and Pig, Helen Ann Macono- chie, Kittymice, Algeria Dunlop, Two Patri- archs, Penmorva, Blanche, Puck and Mary, A. M. P., the Nameless Unknown One, the March Hare, and Jhedi. As some-new pilgrims, I suppose-do not seem to understand how Unwedded Rhymes are done, I will tell them that they were expected to find rhymes to the words I gave, " snow, roof, damp, and cold," and so write eight lines of verse. I will quote Wini- fred's lines for them, and then they will understand, I think. A dreary waste of tarnished snow, By footsteps soiled, and wheel, and hoof; A maze of miry paths below, With sullen snow-clouds for a roof Phantoms of houses I behold, All white with mist and clinging danip, And through the fog-wreaths, wet and cod, Looms the blurred spectre of a lamp. Here they will see " snow, roof, damp, and cold " are rhymed by "below, hoof, lamp, and behold." I need hardly say there was the ustral neglect of rules. One little lady, while cnn?
deploring others' carelessness, said, " I hope I don't forget the rules," and enclosed her sheet of answers wit/hout a sltgratlre"' Some sent their answers from A. to H. on separate little scraps as if they thought I wanted to make a literary mince-pie. Others mixed up their answers in their letters, and a few signed their names at the top or the back of their papers instead of at the foot. Two who might otherwise have taken places in the classes disqualified themselves by writing the Essay and the Unwedded Rhymes on the same sheet. One or two have written to me to ask me to add to or correct their answers already forwarded, but I really cannot undertake to do so, as it would necessitate my going all over my correspondence again to find their papers, and that would be a serious loss of time. It would be easier for them to make out a fresh set of answers and send them. I have now only my letters left to consider and reply to. In answer to Crusty Peg's question as to the distribution of the prizes, I repeat that I do not pretend to award them by any system of marks, but from a general review of the work my little pilgrims have done during the year. Under these circum- stances of course "missing a month " is unfavourable, but the leeway may be made up during the year by good work. She may send me her book, as she wishes, and I shall be grateful for the dried flower she mentiohs. I shall also be happy to write in the Princess Sheila's book, if she will send it. I find that by a slip of the pen I gave the 16th as the latest day, in repeating the rules last November; but it has always been the S5th since Puzzledom began, and I really cannot give any longer time. The next month, February, is such a short one that I ought really 'to say the 13th, but I won't. Only I warn little people that the rush of letters on Valentine's Day may delay theirs, so that they had better not put off sending till the last minute. I am sorry that I cannot give a Country Mouse any more time-if I could give it to her I could give it to all. I hope she will like Brussels, which is a fine city. If she takes my advice she will get her friends to pay a visit to Antwerp, which is a beautiful old place, full of grand old buildings. If she goes there she must not miss the painted chamber in the Town Hall. I find that I left out " Riding" in the Charade, and made it " Little Red Hood." I think 1 must have been thinking of the French name "Chaperon Rouge." I will try and get a pretty Japanese name,
for Humming Bird's Japanese doll by next month. I must thank The Whaup very much for his friendly letter and its enclosure, of which latter, however, I shall not be able to avail myself. To Lecho's first question I reply "yes," to his second about paper-mills " no." I don't know what to say about Ardy's blackbird, which has a swelling " on one side of his nose," but I will make enquiries. Meantime, unless he appears to be suffering pain from it I should let it alone, as it may be only a kind of wart. I am sorry to say I have lost my black bird-poor old Edgar Allan Grip, the raven. He had a sort of apoplectic fit and died soon after Christmas, from over-eating, I'm afraid, "just like a Christian," as the old women say. Poor old fellow, I miss him very much, for he was very quaint, clever, and amusing; and was, besides, a very large and handsome bird. I took a few feathers as " a lock of his hair," and buried him beside the peacock. I can't advise Adelaide as to Acme Skates, not being .a skater myself. " Little Nell" may of course take another name, as there is already a " Little Nell" among our pilgrims. By looking at the solutions she ought to be able to tell whether she was the " Little Nell " who answered all correctly. Elise's silver fern is very pretty, but not the same as that from Holland. I will send Blanche Hayward what she requires, but I don't know how to advise her as to her Puzzle- dom. I am much obliged to Unadilla for her silhouettes, which are extremely clever; I should like to know where to write to her. I am sorry to learn that these holidays seem to have been rather disastrous ones; for besides several little friends who have the measles, there are some with bad hands and sprained ankles, and one little lady who has had a bad fall from a horse. I hope by next month we shall hear good news of them all again. And now how am I to thank all the kind and thoughtful little folks who have sent me birthday wishes, and cards, and presents. They are so numerous I cannot attempt to give a list of them; but I may mention that there are among them a copper-purse in the shape of a Scotch bonnet, which I take as a delicate compliment to my nationality, and a penwiper with a loaf on it, nibbled by the prettiest little velvet mice that ever had beady eyes. I have also had sope delicious flower> sent me, and indeed have had so many birth- day presents that I almost wish I had two birthdays in the year ! I thank my little Buttercup for the New Year's card. Hor. I wish she would give me an opportunity of rart- in to her !