PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP,
E must not lose sight of our: old friends, the " Blind Rhymes,". which are peculiarly .appropriate to these short dark days, when fogs and mists and rain seem to try to obscure even the little daylight we possess. See if you can make them out :- (7.) BLIND RHYMES. Cold Winter's reign begins at last, Around us steals the biting Awind, The frost lies white o'er field and hill, The brooklet's merry voice is mute. The.last frail leaf has left the tree, There is no hum of fly or gnat. Within her nest securely stored, The dormouse guards her prudent heap. While Robin by his hunger led, A welcome guest is gladly met; All Nature's numerous children sleep, And in their homes securely stay, Content to leave the woodland bare, Till Spring again shall make it neat! Well knowing when cold Winter's past, Her voice will summon them at length To revel in the warmth and light, And bring their treasured hoards to see, Thus they,.their patient lesson teach, In manner eloquent as words,-- . " Wait patiently througl Wintr.'s gl9om, For Spring's reward of life and flower I" Most of: you,. I suppose, by. this,.time are at the, end of the, holidays, and. have-returned to schobl; It is, not quite easy, just at first, to take up work again, and set, side all those pleasures that have been .crowding round your but I' am. sure the ;Puzzle- dom Pilgrims have given proof that they:aret not a band of idle, drones, but a host of busy. bees, and :so they will put on their
cockle hats, and their sandals, and press on gallantly along the way. There is a word that is very hard to say, --hard in youth even, at the short partings that make the meirry meet- ings afterwards all the happier. But it is a still harder word to speak in after years, especially as it often happens that we speak it with no hope of any more meetings in this world. I will hope our Pilgrims will long be spared the knowledge of it in its bitterest senrse, and that they will find its meaning below, only in a cheerful way. (C.) PICTORIAL CHARADE. I ,I