i ýý - ý ý ý ý ý " -----
1. Cryptograph. Dyyayre, gbfe aetlat ivjz ? Ibngbue, iaay as texy bfaar, Fa na v aynuu izea gbfe ? 2. Why is Troy weight dis- honest ? 3. Why is a soldier in battle like idleness ? 4. Why is the eye like a severe schoolmaster ? 5. Why is a prisoner on his trial like one hanging ? 6. Why is swearing like a ragged coat ? 7. Behead the worst of all beings, and you will still find mis- chief remaining ? 8. What things increase the more you contract them ? 9. When is a lady's dress like a chair ? 10. Why is a person [singing incorrectly like another passing bad paper money ? 11. When is coffee like a sword ? 12. My first is my whole, My second is a few, And my whole is quite healthful, To me or to you. 13. My first 'tis we live on, My second's a prophet, My whole is a painter, If I know aught of it. 14. It is an arch. 15. Toope' ten trunks.
16. What is the shape of a kiss ? 17. What animal falls from the skies ? 18. What is the difference between a cat and a comma? 19. What favourite British sport is like a lot of young ladies conversing? 20. Why are chickens said to have no future existence ? 21. Why is a little dog's tale like a new play ? 22. Why is the Queen's head cook like a person on the top of St. Paul's ? 23. My second does my first, and my whole is a bird. 24. My first men are fond of after dinner; my second is found in a mill; and my whole is disliked by soldiers. 25. 651 + tea = a fortress. 26. 151 + hare = a name. 2'. 252 + e = something cold. 28. 1051 + ye = a name. 29. 203 + t = unlawful. 30. 251 + noa = short. 31. 512 = quick. 32. My first is a preposition, My second is a pronoun, .My third is a pronoun, My fourth is an adverb, My whole is a letter. 33. I am a thing without a head, Yet twice beheaded make me, Then two heads you'll surely see, Am I not right in what I've said ?
-,\ ,. p ip ·---- '. 27- Ij- P Z P ,,ES ,O. OU ' AG, .-,, . "' . PlUZZLE PAGES FOR YOUNG SAGES.-NIO. V'I.
V __ a - 4_ V . r - N. )j \NI\ PUZZLfl PAGES POR YOUNG SAGES:-NO. VII.
34. My first is an article in general use both in the United Kingdom and the United States; my second is treated with great deference in all classes of society, and whether met in the cabinet or the field, is looked on as the first person; my third is considered by many to be the end of the world's fair; and my whole is essential to every one, supports an immense number of birds, and is sometimes as obscure as the writer can be, and at others may be seen through as easily as this charade. 35. Required the names of nine countries of Europe of which the initial letters are the same as "The Finals." 36. 1. A king of England. 2. An English poet. 3. A tutor to Queen Elizabeth. 4. A Grecian who slew an ox with his fist. 5. An eminent physician born at Breda. 6. A poet and scholar born in Worcestershire. 7. A celebrated London paintcr (beheaded). S. An eminent painter born at Plymouth. 9. A poet of Northamptonshiro. 10. A. Queen of England. 11. A Grecian philosopher. The initials and finals name two celebrated Grecian characters. 37. The meaning -of my first is short, My second is still less, My whole a barrister's said to be, When he hasn't much success. 38. I sell reams.
39. My first, though mostly white or black, Has other colours, too, no doubt ; They're used by servant girls and boys, And sold in shops and hawked about. The sun effects my next you know, And mars yon female's pretty face; My whole is of the lever kind, And moves great things from place to place. 40. One moonlit evening, as Anne and I stroll'd ;' I popp'd the question, my love- tale I told; " Shall I ask your papa, for I fear not the worst ? " How happy she made me in saying my first. Her pa gave consent, I became Annie's next, Truly loved I my part, for love was my text; How sweet the remembrance of that nightly stroll, That gave me o'er Annie my sovereign whole. 41. My first brings joys, but often grief, My second's found in every leaf, My whole brings tidings to man- kind, In it are varied scenes defined. 42. .My first is what my second calls his mother, and my whole is an artizan. 43. Set to flow. 44. Cand store.
45. Towns enigmatically expressed, the initials of which give the name of a well-known writer of fiction. 1. My first belongs to a candle; my second is hostility; and my whole a town in Glouces- tershire. 2. My first is a wild plant ; my second part of the nose; and my whole a town in Devon- shire. 3. My first is a dressed hide or skin; my second part of the body; and my whole a town in Surrey. 4. My first is view; my second belongs to a lady's head-dress ; and my whole is a town in Suffolk. 5. My first is the third person singular of a very common verb; my second part of the face; and my whole a town in Oxfordshire. G. My first is a sharp point; my second are goods to be sold ; and my whole a town in Middlesex. 7. My first is an animal; my se- cond part of a violin; and my whole a town in Glamorgan- shire. 8. My first is ancient; my se- cond a joint of pork ; and my whole a town in Lancashire. 9. My first is an instrmnent to fasten doors; my second a place filled with trees; and my. whole a town in York- shire. 10. My first enables you to read at night; my second is an inter- jection; and my whole a town in Pembroke. 11. My first is a preposition; my second to lay up ; and imy whole a town in Devonshire.
12. My first is fresh; my second a weight; and my whole a town in Devonshire. 13. My first is the plural of a common animal, added to the letter S; my second the chief; and my whole a town in Lin- colnshire. 46. My fist contains a solid foot, When used, or when on trial; Without my second, not a note Can sound on harp or viol. My whole, when in its proper place, Within my first you'll view; And when you comprehend the case, You'll smile and say, 'Tis true. 47. Before five hundred first you place A lover's greatest bane; Between that sum and fifty trace, The selfsame thing again. Now if at fifty you begin, And read it to the end, You'll find that thousands dwell within The limits you have penn'd. 48. Within my first a weary band Maintain with courage high A desp'rate strife against their foes, Who round in myriads lie. My second well the gambler knows, And fain would see its face, When, losing long, he'd gain again, And win the exciting race. My whole, a noble patriot he, * Who strove for many a day To set his much-loved country free From foreign despot's sway.
I Iv I 1 Ir ( 1. \. Y. \ I r'-"\.'-I .~--:- rU3&I FOYyGsA -.