PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
A FTER the active exertion required by Mother Magpie's Mischievous Muddles, you are probably rather tired, and will be glad of a little quieter pastime; so I will next give you-, (C.) A PICTORIAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. -sel " I think it is some time since you have had an enigma, so I have cut out this one from the corner of the " Puzzledom Sphynx" on purpose for you. (D,) ENIGMA. I'm in the earth, I'm in the sea, The air from me is never free ; The fire alone, the only one Of all the elements I shun. And yet in heat I may be found, Though I the Arctic region bound ; In Europe's little continent I do not dwell ;--I am content With the vast globe's three larger shares, And there I settle my affairs. I'm leader of a chosen band, Who do their work in every land, Under five captains ;-chief am I By reason of priority. Yet, though I'm vague, indefinite, Not certain of my meaning quite, By me in every action led, I'm in your heart, and in your head ! I point your aims, if not your ends, I'm with your slaves, if not your friends, I lead your armies, not your fleets, Live in your lands, not in your streets. I dwell in hate, but not in love, Mix in your rage, your anger move. If in your youth I ne'er engage, You're sure to find me in your age ! It is now neither the season for flowers nor insects,-and the very birds have almost all deserted us for warmer climates and brighter skies. The sparrows look like the miserable, little, half-starved mendicants that they are,-and it is only sturdy Robin, with his red warm waistcoat, who seems to hold his own against the inroads of cold winds and biting sleet storms. So where the little, warmly clad, delicate insect came from that I now present to you, only the fierce Custom-house officer, with whom you made acquaintance on first coming to Puzzledom, could tell you. It must have concealed itself in some of those same hiding corners of Mother Magpie's, I fancy. See if you can recognise it:- --
(E.) A PICTORIAL CHARADE THE WHOL E :" And now we will turn to more seasonable pursuits. I have no doubt during the holidays you have all joined in the healthy sports of the season, and have felt the warm young blood rush tingling through every vein in the fresh bracing air that has painted such roses on your cheeks. . Let me see if you can discover one of your favourite amusements here :- (F.) A DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Ruler of all things, for a space his hand Is traced in sparkling lines throughout the land : Painting each pane and jewelling each tree, Checking the brooks and rills that trickled free; Tasting the roots and fruits all stored away, Withering the garden blooms that were so gay. Such is my First,-the boys alone delight To see his silent traces over night. And greet him well, for long they all have reckoned Upon his aid to help them to my Second. Where the fairies come, we grow, Their most secret haunts we know. Our fringed fans are tall and green, Pavilions for the elfin queen. Those that with all careful heed, Sow at night our mystic seed, May her sportive revels see Underneath the greenwood tree ! II. When a frisky fancy takes The jovial Land of Cakes, She calls for her piper to play her a tune, Till the very roof-tree shakes ! And then e'er it grows too late, A perplexing figure of eight Is danced by the lads and lasses all At a most astonishing rate ! III. When Pierre meets Marie in the lane, And slyly steals a kiss, He asks a question clear and plain, To which she answers-this ! Iv. No traveller of modern times, Such wondrous tales narrated;- As of this ancient mariner Have been most gravely stated. When the storm king rises From his cloudy lair, And his muttered anger Grumbles in the air; Doors and windows rattle, Sign-posts creak and groan, And from roof and;rafter This is roughly blown.