PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
I WAS very sorry indeed, my young friends, to be compelled to stop our pilgrimage through Puzzledom last month. At that time my way lay through the dark shadow which must encompass us all sometimes; though I hope that as yet it has not fallen across the sunny path of your childhood. Still, remem- ber always when the darkness does come around you, you may be sure that through it the hand of a Merciful Father is stretched out to comfort and support you. I was the more sorry that I had to desert my young companions for a while, because so many of you, who had found out the answers to the puzzles, sent them in pleasant little letters, very neatly written; and I felt that many might be disappointed at having to wait another month. I think perhaps my best plan in future will be to give first the solutions of all the puzzles, and then a list of the successful competitors.
A. PHANCY PHOTOGRAPH-Children (chill- ed-wren). B. CHARADE I :-Lamb, Plight= Lamp- light. C. CHARADE 2 :-Bal, Lad= Ballad. D. LAw EXAMINATION :-Bear, Bearer, Barest, Barrister. E. TALL ENGLISH :-The crop of corn bids fair to surpass the usual bounds. The pupil of Adam Smith will rejoice that a bill introduced to emancipate us from the stern tyranny of the farmer was not foiled by the craft of those who wished to compel us to purchase grain from them and them alone. F. Six SUBTERRANEAN RIVERS :-Stour, Wye, Severn, Dee, Tyne, Thames. G. SIX BURIED CITIES :-Rome, Athens, Paris, London, Boston, Berlin. H. THE STRANGE BIRD: - The turtle dove.
I. Six BURROWIN(; ANIMALS :- Stoat, Mouse, Beaver, Badger, Rat, Otter. J. THE ANIMAL THAT RAN BY :-Ermine. K. WHERE TO LOOK FOR THE SOUTH AMERICAN LION :--In the Pew, ma, (Puma). L. THE DEEP-BAYING ANIMAL :-Ma-stiff. M. THE CAGE OF BEASTS :-The Tapir, the Seal, the Ounce, the Guinea-pig, the Crane. N. THE TRACE OF THE MONKEY IN MAN : -An-ape to his neck. Now let us see who the fortunate competi- tors are who have passed the Puzzledom Examinations, and need not therefore be alarmed any more at the funny old Custom- House Officer, who accosted us at the frontier. A was correctly guessed by Annie and Bertha Taylor; WV. A. P.; F. G. Ellerton; Robert Mack, and Katie and May. B goes to the credit of Lucy Arnot; Olivia Fitzmaurice; A. E. Steinthal; John B. Ross; Mary J. Wright; Robert Mack; M. S. H.; Miss Stephens; J. H. Blake; Noah and his family; Nora Creina; A; Pinchard ; Bescvad ; Neddums ; J. A. F. M; G. M. Edgley; W. A P.; Young Tom. Willie Sheppard; H. E. P. and T. C. Welch; S. A. Gimson ; John Gardiner; A. H. Cross; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Mabel; Katie and Nora James ; Verdant Always; A. Wiesbaldiston ; Beatrice Woods. C :-Verdant always; Katie and Nora James; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stan- ton; S. A. Gimson; Young Tom; W. A. P.; Edith Sheward; A. Pinchard; F. G. Eller- ton ; J. H. Blake; M. Hope; Miss Stephens; M. S. H.; Robert Mack; Lucy Arnot; Katie and May. D : - Katie and May; Robert Mack; Noah and his family ; H. C. Matheson ; P. E. _Matheson; F. G. Ellerton; G. M. Edgley; W. A. P.; Young Tom; Beatrice Woods; S. A. Gimson; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Katie and Nora James; Verdant Always; Edward Sullivan; A. Wiesbaldis- ton. E :-Honey-bee and Bunny;. Katie and May; M. S. H. ; Nora Creina; W. A. P.; A. Wiesbaldiston; Katie and Nora James. F :-J. A. F. M.; Mabel; Mabel Wood- house and Maud Stanton; Mousie; S. A. Gimson; Louie Chesterton; Graces; H. G. Brooke ; W. A. P.; Neddums; Bescvad; Miss A. Cooke; S. J. E. Dickson; Emma M. Shillabear; Marion Ingamells; F. G. Ellerton ; Emily Kate; B. C. Smith; H. C. Matheson; Miss Stephens; M. S. H; Frances, Isabel, and Emily Ashwin; Honey-
bee and Bunny; Constance Gant; P. E. Matheson. G :-Constance Gant; Honey-bee and Bunny; Frank D. Newham; Katie and May; E. Woodburn; Frances, Isabel, and Emily Ashwin ; Helen Robinson; Mary J. Wright; M. S. H.; Miss Stephens; W. G. Baillie; Noah and his family; Nora Creina; Lenore; M. Hope; H. S. Mathe- son; P. E. Matheson ; Henrietta; Bescvad; Emily Kate; F. G. Ellerton; S. J. E. Dick- son; Miss A. Cooke; Neddums; Miss Katie Harrison; Edith Sheward; W. A. P.; 0. Bradley; Willie Sheppard; Graces; Louie Chesterton ; A. Z. W. ; S. A. Gimson ; Annie Braham ; Mousie; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Mabel; W. A. R. Gellan; J. A. F. M.; Verdant Always; Katie and Nora James; Edward Sullivan; Lilian and Gertrude Kent. H :-Mary Hunter; Toby; Helen Ma- conachie; J. A. F. M.; Mabel; Katie and Nora James ; Alfred Wiesbaldiston ; W. A. R. Gellan; H. F. Mawsley; Annie and Bertha Taylor; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stan- ton; E. Perrin; Olivia Fitzmaurice; H. Montresor; Beatrice Woods; Young Tom; W. A. P.; Edith Sheward; G. M. Edgley; Neddums ; Bescvad ; A. Pinchard; George Newton; Emma M. Shillabear; F. G. Eller- ton; Emily Kate; Herbert Peck; L. G. Hedderwick; P. E. Matheson; M. Hope; H. C. Matheson; Nora Creina; Noah and his family ; W. G. Baillie ; M. S. H. ; Robert Mack ; Mary J. Wright ; Agnes J. Robinson ; E. Woodburn; Katie and May; A. E. Stein- thal; Frank D. Newham; Honey-bee and Bunny; Lucy Arnot. I :-A. E. Steinthal; Mary J. Wright; Miss Stephens; W. A. P. ; Nora Creina; Lenore; M. Hope; H. C. Matheson; E. Perrin; P. E. Matheson; Henrietta; Marion Inga- mells; Miss A. Cooke; Noah and his family; Neddums; Edith Sheward; J. A. F. M.; S. A. Gimson; Alfred Wiesbaldiston; Verdant Always; Katie and Nora James; Edward Sullivan; Lilian and Gertrude Kent. J :-Katie and Nora James; Mousie; Louie Chesterton; H. G. Broke; W. A. P.; Bescvad; Miss A. Cooke; S. J. E. Dick- son; M. Hope; F. G. Ellerton; Noah and his family; M. S. H.; Mary J. Wright; Katie and May; Honey-bee and Bunny. K :-Lucy Arnot; A. E. Steinthal; Agnes J. Robinson; M. S. H. ; Robert Mack; Noah and his family; Nora Creina; Emily Kate; F. G. Ellerton; Bescvad; Edith Sheward; W. A. P.; Young Tom; H. G. Broke; Louie Chesterton; S. A. Gimson ; Olivia F. Fitzmaurice; Alfred Wies- baldiston; Katie and Nora James.
L :--Verdant Always; Alfred Wiesbal diston; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; S. A. Gimson; Young Tom; W. A. P.; Bescvad; Edith Sheward; F. G. Ellerton; Emily Kate; P. E. Mathe- son; H. C. Matheson; M. S. H.; Agnes J. Robinson; Katie and May; A. E. Steinthal; Olivia Fitzmaurice; Lucy Arnot. M :-Lucy Arnot ; Alfred Wiesbaldiston; Herbert Clay; W. A. P.; Robert Mack; A. E. Steinthal; Frank D. Newham; F. G. Ellerton; L. and D. Nicholls: Katie and May; Verdant Always; Noah and his family; Young Tom; S. A. Gimson; H. Hargrave; M. Hope; Louie Chesterton; Frances, Isabel, and Emily Ashwin; Miss A. Cooke; T. C. Hughes; Toby; C. H. Smith; Emily Kate; W. A. R. Gellan; E. Woodburn; Honey-bee and Bunny; Emma M. Shillabear. N :-A. Wiesbaldiston ; Olivia Sitz- maurice. That last question, about the monkey in us, has brought out some very funny guesses. Some of the boys at once pleaded " mischief," and one said " fore (4) paws ;" while another boldly suggests "jaw and cheek." To him, and to the two little ladies, who I fear were very much shocked at me when they wrote "if such words are permissible, probably some people have face and cheek like a monkey," I may as well say once for all that I have no intention of teaching or using slang expressions. In the cage of wild beasts I find a great many put " panther " instead of " ounce," and I can only account for it by supposing they took the ounce-weight for a pan. I must, by the way, mention one little friend who ingeniously suggested that the creature was a "cameo-leopard." One little fellow, instead of " ma-stiff" said "the deep baying is of the ass and it resembles your mother because it makes a groaning noise "-which reminds me that I received a postal card signed "W. Jackson, 85, Addison Road," and giving the answer to the third puzzle as "ass, which is what you are yourself: " - a remark less polite than playful. But I mustn't forget, on the other hand, I have had some pretty little letters from little ladies, wishing me a happy new year and thanking me for the amusement the puzzles afforded them; and I must especially notice one from a little boy who winds up with " I have nobody to play with, so thank you for the puzzles." Most of my corre- spondents send their ages-the youngest and not the least successful is only eight-and some acknowledge assistance from papa and mamma, to which I have not a word to say,
except that I trust to their honour only to ask for help; not to try and get the work entirely done for them. And now, while we are on the subject, I should like to point out to my young friends that it will be a great assistance to me if they will attend to the following rules:- i. To place the answers, and the details of each answer, in the same order as that in which they occur in Puzzledom. 2. To write on one side of the paper only, to sign each sheet distinctly and legibly, and to let the signatures be as brief as pos- sible. In cases where there are several solutions under one head, as the six buried cities or the five beasts in the cage, I am obliged to disqualify all the answers in which an error exists in one particular. It would take too much space to say that so many guessers were right five times or four times out of six, and it would be impossible to specify in which five or four instances. As we have now finished all the prelimi- nary talk, we may as well go on with our visit to the Puzzledom Zoological Gardens. We are coming to a very interesting group of animals. Here is one of them ! Although it has a somewhat reptilian appearance, I assure you that attempts have been made to introduce it as an article of food, and I don't think anybody would regret its being added to that limited list of meats, which at pre- sent offers us simply a choice of beef ov mutton. The next would appear to belong to the ducks, or at any rate to some aquatic tribe : but the appearance is, like the reptilian look I referred to just now, quite delusive. The last of the group seems somewhat aquatic too, thanks to the Clerk of the Weather, who has been very bountiful in showers these six months and more. If he does not stop the supply soon, he will turn
all the inhabitants of Great Britain into natives; and all the crops will be changed
into shellfish as they lie in the ground, if he continues to give them (m)oister beds. Perhaps you can some of you tell me why these last two specimens from the Puzzledom Zoo are like coals ? You see this pretty little cottage we are just approaching. It belongs to the head- keeper. It is a cosy little place, with a cheerful little sitting-room, where you will find he has a couple of domestic pets. Be- hind it is a sort of hospital where he nurses any of the beasts that are sick. There are three there under treatment now. What are they ? The head-keeper says he will put their names for you in proper Puzzledom form; for they are contained in an Acrostic Charade on two of his pets. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. As cosy as could heart desire, The pair repose before the fire: They lead a peaceful pleasant life That's ne'er disturbed by any strife, In spite of what old saws may say:- Young people, see How they agree, And be as good and kind as they.
I. Since he's as tall as any tree, If he were fierce, 'twould awful be. But he is innocent and mild, And gentle as a little child. II. In and out He scuttles about, With many a scale In his coat of mail, For he's armour-clad from his nose to tail. III. Reposing in contentment deep, This animal lies fast asleep; Scratch its back and call it this, And it will grunt to tell its bliss. The keeper's wife and little girl are in the cottage. The little girl is in great distress because some one has stolen a favourite of hers. Her mother tries to comfort her, as she sits busily employed on her work. The keeper tells us the story, and he tells it in this way :--first the little girl's distress. CHARADE I. AIy First. A little dog my daughter had- 'Twas given her by a neighbour's lad, It was a funny woolly ball At first, when it began to crawl. Bow, wow, wow ! Bow, wow, wow ! Its bark was like a squeak, I trow. .My Second. She nursed it till it grew up strong, Its coat was silky, black, and long; She grew more fond of it each day,- She cried when it was stol'n away. Bow, wow, wow ! Bow, wow, wow ! We cannot hear it barking now. Th/e Whole. The rogue, who stole the dog I know- He sold it to a travelling show; As Toby now with Punch it fights, And crowded audiences delights. Bow, wow, wow ! Bow, wow, wow ! A strange opponent this, I vow. Second, the keeper explains how the in- dustrious mother comforts her child. CHARADE. II. Busily her needle plying Sits the mother in her chair; Listens to her daughter crying O'er her loss in deep despair;
Strives to soothe her sorrow's burst, Ceasing not to do my First. 'Neath her fingers' deft designing, Swift the dainty pattern grows, Scarcely threads of spider's twining Are more delicate than those, Foreign work, so precious reckoned, Cannot sure surpass my Second. All the while her accents tender Soothe the wound her daughter feels ; To her loss she makes surrender, Down the tear no longer steals; Mother, to thy daughter's soul Thou hast ministered my Whole. All the while the keeper recites his verses there's something that keeps up a shrill pipe as if to accompany him. The sound seems to come from the fireside-and look ! I can see something alive running about-what a skip it gave just then ! It sets up its shrill pipe again in another corner. I am sorry to see one of my little girls is frightened at it, and says " kill the nasty thing ! " My dear girl, never wish to have anything killed. It is very easy to destroy the life of a happy little insect that never did you any harm, and was enjoying its small existence in its humble way. But can you bring it to life
:r.: \ `ý . 1 -':wit ir. Zl ,
again? Can anybody restore the spark of life which it is so easy to extinguish? I give you credit for a kind heart that would have been pained if anybody had taken you at your word and destroyed that merry little fellow. Look-there he is! I)o you know his name? But it is time we were going. As we pass through the keeper's garden you will see some very pretty flowers there. They are just the sort of flowers that you would expect to see in a Zoological Garden. See, the little girl has picked you a few for a nosegay. I wonder whether you can tell me their names.