PUZZLE PAGES. 558.-INITIAL. CHARADE.
h , h But of all the good things collected there, There was one the greatest praise did share. Dainties might crown the platter and bowl, But none was so popular as my whole. It was made from fruit that grew on trees Golden as those of Hesperides. The showers and breezes of early spring Had tended the delicate blossoming, While summer sunshine had ripened now To glowing beauty the load on the bough. The fruit on native soil thus nursed, Our Britain's pride, is my rosyfirst! My second, the boast of the Cornish land, Is the masterpiece of a skilful hand. The painter may point to his pencil fine, The sculptor vow that his art is divine, The poet may wield a mighty pen, But among all the handicrafts of men, Or women either, he who can raise lMy second well lacks no meed of praise, And his work, at least, more applause com- mands Than the efforts perchance of ambitions hands. The gourmand's delight, the poor man's dish; Nay, proverbs say, although he may wish, That Old Nick himself, though often beckoned, Ne'er enters Cornwall for fear of my second! Young and old, of every degree, My second's admirers are sure to be I Now when the Alphabet tribe did dine On plenty of meats and plenty of wine,
LL the letters that lived in Alphabet Row Made up a-picnic,.some time ago, For the little dunce, who would not come at once, To learn his A, B, C, Had escaped from the rule of Dame Margery's school, And after him off went she. Then F looked at B, and C gazed at D, Till they all forgot how to spell; P grinned at T, and' squinted at E, So to fighting at last they fell. Then Q in the corner looked wondrous wise, And says he, " I think by the look of the skies -We shall. have a fine day, and I vote we go srTo Gigglesby Wood, where the bluebells grow, And cockle-shells glitter in gleaming row. We'll take our provisions and eat them there; And to show I only mean what's fair, A pot of genuine marmalade I will bear !" "Agreed I agreed I" cried the letters all, And so to their foraging quest they fall. The crowning dish undoubtedly there Was my whole amongst all of rich and rare. D brought damsons, and H brought ham, M minced mutton, a shabby sham; L some lobsters, and leg of lamb, N brought nuts and J some jam; B some barley-sugar had brought, P a pigeon-pie, whose crust was short; G some gooseberry fool prepared, I. some ices, for which few cared; S a salad, and R a rabbit, F a fowl of most Chinese habit; C some curds well smothered in cream, E some eels from a favourite stream, O a barrel of oysters fine, T a turkey, with sausage and chine; K some kale that grew by the sea- A delicate dish it proved to be ! ,The rest of the letters came after tea- Namely, U, X, W, Y,' Z, VI Now when they had dined and feasted there, They all protested beyond compare Was the dish great'A to their table brought. My first was luscious, my second short, And one and all vowed the dainty sole Worth an emperor's banquet was my whole! From mighty A to crooked old Z The s;me opinion was sung and said. Now if the riddle you cannot read, And indorse their verdict, I think indeed You will not deserve the tiniest slice Of what all declared was so very nice.
559.-PROTEAN PUZZLE.
1. In my first form you may discover me in several spots on the River Thames, where I employ numerous servants to attend me. 2. You will often find me on a bramble, where my first owner left me; my next pos- sessor will carry me off to help build his new hoase. 3. You will see me in most buildings of all sorts, whether mansions, cottages, or palaces; churches, chapels, or synagogues. 4. You will occasionally come upon me in the busiest thoroughfares of the City, where I am the cause of serious inconvenience. 5. I am more rarely to be met with in certain forms of disease, but when I do attack a par- ticular part of the human frame I almost in,. variably prove mortal. 6. A beautiful princess in the old fairy tale-
hooks derived her name from the auriferous splendour of my adorning. 7. When I attack vehicles by means of their wheels the consequences are sometimes un- pleasant. 8. I was once a philosopher, writing chiefly on mental powers. 9. I am what a lover demands from Zhis mistress. 10. What a horse strives to snatch from a rick of hay. 11. What a factory hand direads when out- ward. 12. And what the drunkard and brawler fear when in the ascendant. If after all this you cannot get at the heart of my mystery, even by skeleton assistance, you had better pick me I
560.-HISTORICAL PUZZLE.. A FAMOUS MINISTER. - o - IL) r·· , @
TRANSPOSITION. 561. SOTSESSIR.-An Egyptian monarch renowned alike for his domestic rule and his foreign policy. He united the divisions of the state into one kingdom. 562.-A DISCREET PROVERB. 1. A mutilated Grecian female; a personal query; what Irish folks delight in; a beheaded member; half the significant name of a famous American defeat; the undulating letter; what people wish to be when they are not happy at home. 2. The poet's favourite month; four-fifths of an importsnt organ; half a quantity of music; what many other folks besides the sons of Erin are addicted to; two-fourths of a sovereign's name; what "this one" is not;. the peculiar property of every dog. From these may be constructed an axiom whose consideraton we commend to all our belligerent youth.asthe " better part of valourl"
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 390, 391, and 392, Vol. VI.) 541. Glass. 542. Meadow-sweet. 543. Palmerston. 1. Penn. 2. Ariosto. 3. Lavater. 4. Mozart. 5. Elzevir. 6. Rem- brandt. 7. Swift. 8. Tasso. 9. Otway. 10. Newton. 544. 1. C-lock. 2. G-rain. 3. W-hip. 4. T-ear. 5. S-tart. 6. G-round. 545. Morning. Evening. MidgE-OlaV- RosE-NooN-IcenI-NavigatioN- GonG. 546. 1. A leaf. 2. A mine. 3. A chest of drawers. 4. A tooth. 547. I. Nail. I. Bar. 548. Because it's "a ruffandtumble I" 549. Are-bare-care-are -fare-ar hare- mare-pare-rare-tare-ware-stare. 550. Tomyris. 551. Semiramis. 552. Cyaxares.
563-CHARADE.
Youn're quite in thliright, my dear Harry, All women are worthless and vain; I'm determined at last not to marry, And quarrelled with Emily Jane 1 No voice than her own could be sweeter; She danced like a fairy, I know; ·No habit or horse could be neater Than hers down the whole of the Row. Her figure ? no sylph's could be finer; Her eyes, of most exquisite blue, Smiled always; her face, a diviner Ne'er was seen for its colour and hue.
O r 1c\ w
In short, to a speedy surrender The fair little, fortress was brought; Our courtship was ardent and'tender, And promised to be very short. Her governor's plenty of money, And gives her in all her own way, And the whole of the prospect was sunny, Until one unfortunate day. For I worshipped my first's golden glory Through changes of fillet and flower, Its beauty seemed ever before me, Entwining fresh links every hour; And when she'd a whim for my second Of gold, set with crystal and gem, I ransacked the shops, till I reckoned I had run the whole gauntlet of them. I puzzled o'er turquoise and coral, My second's varieties learned, "1. I feared a much costlier moral ,y the time we were wedded was earned. I sighed o'er the hundreds devoted To my second alone for her use, And denounced every parent who doted Like hers as an ignorant goose. But no question of crystal or coral, No cost of my second, was then The cause that produced our last'quarrel, And made me the maddest of men.
Her foot and her hand were the smallest, Well fitted with boot, glove, and ring; She was neither the shortest nor tallest, But her height was exactly the thing I And my first in the top of the fashion Was the true golden hue that's so rav.; In fact, every hour my passion Increased for a creature so fair. I besieged her with praiseworthy vigour, You see, I've a, very good chance: I've a phiz that's not bad, and my figure Is first-rate to ride, row, or dance.
But one day, when we cantered together In the Row, midst the thick of the crowd, 'Twas the height of the season-the weather Had brought the elite like a cloud- As we rode, a perceptible titter Was echoed behind as we passed, And with a half-tremulous twitter, I turned in my saddle at last. Oh horror I some demon's dominion Of tables and hats was left free, That my Emily's false curls and chignon Might thus be discovered to me I Myfirst in its golden profusion The rude wind had swept from its place, The curls, to her utter confusion, The flaps of her saddle did grace; While the chignon, escaped from its mooring, Entangled the tail of her steed: Alas for my foolish adoring ! My visions were vanished indeed. So this is the cause, my dear Harry, To which my escape is most due, The reason I've vowed not to marry, Which I've only imparted to you. To my whole's misplaced absence or weakness The loss of my charmer I owe, For an angel alone could with meekness T e ~~e made the jest of the Row!I