7. ENIGMA. I dwell in the past, never think of tho morrow, Turn mirth into slaughter, begin overy sorrow ; Of every base scandal and scheme I'm first cause, I end all tho sciences, arts, rules and laws ; On the scaffold I staud, but ne'er enter the cell, Though I love in dark prisons and dungeons to dwell ; I'm known among thousands, yet nevor with one, Two, three, or a dozen, I talk, walk, or run ; The royal, the noblo, the great know me not, I disdain to be found in hall, palace, or cot ; But I play in all games, pastimes, frolics and sports, With sinners and slaves, in streets, alleys, and courts ; Though crooked, infirm, and twice 'twisted by fate, I'm thrico blest in sweetness, and ne'er cursed by hate. J. H. Eastwood.
PICTORIAL REBUS. är
8. METAGRAM. Take a native of the icy north, and with the magic of a single letter change it to love's expression, cow¬ ardice, harness, to listeu, hard by, а sweet and juicy fruit, nigh to tho last, to burn, sorrow's sign nnd the purposo of all clothing. 0. D. Archer. 9. LOGOGRIPH. It is nover seen though it сотез from your mouth, Aud it rushes about, east, west, north, and south, With an aspirate front it, 'tis there on your head, Put tho sea beforo it, a throne сотез instead ; Set a man on the throne, and his word shall be, A rule and a law to good company. W. D. Palmer.
PICTORIAL REBUS. ¿G
10. CHARADE. My first is oft sharp, yet it ΛνϋΙ becomo flat If you leavo it alone, for the matter of that ; It dies, as in music it dies on the ear, And yet with the public it lives on a bier ; My second's never out, so thus you may know it, With my tïiirdyou may take a "good thing" if yc throw it ; It qualifies profits, but still is a gain, For those who can cast it well into tlio Sein(e) ; My -whole only moves λλϊΛ the force of a rock, Yet children can sleep when you give it a rock. ' Matthew Young.
PICTORIAL REBUS. "'A?*:
11. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fnstly, fleetly, on we glide, No mortal man can slay us ; Swiftly we'll travel sido by side, Until the Almighty doth lay us. 1. In gardens, woods, and fields oft seen, A bat raeh ian reptile it is, I ween. 2. 'Tis merely of the mind, a fancy, That of course, you surely can see. 3. It is not compréhensible, whatever cau it mean, The like of this before, never has been seen. 4. To exhibit, to squeeze out, to intimate, To speak, or to indicate. Frîd. W. Shipley. 12. CHARADE. My first is great distraction, a vowel my second's Massed ; my ííiťrd a rich combination, a vehicle is my last. An Island is my ivlwle I say, close to tho shore of Africa! Charles Hopper. Auswere to tho above will appear in No. 58.