IUZZLEDOM. I.
Find a word of six letters to contain all the following:- SCRIPTURE PUZZLES. (Second Prize Paper.) II.-BURIED BIBLE TOWNS. Betty, remove the tea things at once. No, Charles, I do not think you should go. So Dominick will drive with us to-day. It was near the Bight of Benin, Eve, Harry was drowned. I will take either Elizabeth, Ellen, or Judith. When Dora comes to me I will pay all calls. III.-SCRIPTURE ACROSTIC. Behold a river in whose crystal depths A miracle in ancient times was seen: Let those who curious are, then seek below, And they will find the river that I mean. 1. A man of old who, though oppressed with ills, Yet never let his courage shaken be; Oh, pray that we, if ever tempted thus, May so resist and keep our faith as he! 2, The mighty hunter whom afar we see, And long to gain a nearer, better view, Still calmly gazes on this world of ours And floats in skies of pure celestial blue. 3. Meet instruments of grace who, sent by God, The life of holy man were called to save, And by unerring flight and faithful care They rescued him from keen starvation's grave. 4 Symbol of peace, that o'er the waters flew Bearing a happy token in thy bill; No wonder thou wert cherished, welcome guest, To tell of rest at last, escape from ill. 5. Most honoured vessel, thine the noble task To shelter Heaven's chosen in thy breast, Who would have died had not thy kindly aid Preserved them for a time of peace and rest. 6. Proud king whose well-earned fate yet strikes with dread 'Tlhse who have shunned their duty in the least; For what a punishment, this fearful lot ! Man sunk to depths yet lower than the beast.
IV.-SCRIPTURE CHARADE. My first was once an instrument By which a mighty race Were killed for disobeying.God, And banished from his face. My second David loved to use When he was young and strong, And oftentimes he fought with it In battles fierce and long. My whole, when seen by those who ne'er Beheld its like before, Filled them with hope that God could save As he had saved of yore. V.-A HIDDEN MAXIM FROM PROVERBS. (One word contained in each line.) A voice came o'er the waters wild, And spake in accents soft and mild; An answer to his prayer is given Who turneth still his soul to heaven, But he who turns from God away Shall feel his wrath from day to day. VI.-SCRIPTURE PUZZLE. 1. M-s, of the tribe of L-i, the brother of A-n and M-m, married Z-h, and brought the I-s out of E-t, and led them through the wilderness to the borders of C-n. 2. S-l, the son of E-h and H--h, served E-i faithfully, was a holy p-t and annointed D-d and S-1. 3, J-h, the son of J-b, was born in the land of C-n, was sold into E-t, where he served P-r, became ruler of P--'s house, and behaved dutifully to his father J-b. EVANGELINE H. BATTERSBY.