PUZZLEDOM. By MIRs. BRODERIP.
V E will now turn o),r attention to our old friends, the Metamorphosed Substantives, and I think you will not have much difficulty in recognising them. The first are foreign birds, the second very comfortable wrist-warmers, and the third is a multitude whose " name is legion." (7). METIITAMORPHOSED SUIBSF'ANTI V ES. I don't know whether you are in the habit of squaring words for yourselves, but if so, you will have found out, no doubt, as I have done, that it is not quite so easy as it seems. The easiest way of doing it is to use one of the boxes of letters that are usually sold for very young children. The very act of twisting and turning the letters about, helps one to make new combinations, and, I also think, helps that very useful education of the eye (the necessary first step to all knowledge of drawing), which assists us so mightily in spelling well. (h,.) A SQUARE OF EIVERY WORnD. Mater Familias says it's far too dear, Pater replies, " The reason 'l/ty's not. clar ! 2. The lovely plain, whence I1tades' glocn: king Bore Ceres' daughter in youth's earliest spring ! The soul of opposition : right or wrong, It heads a host of words, a mighty throng. 4. What " y's " and "g's " require beyond a doubt, Nor birds, nor beasts, nor fish can do without !
I am going to give you for our last puzzle this months a charade that will, I hope, find its way to all your hearts. During the fierce gales and temlpestuous seas of this most stormy winter, the subject of our last illustration has done, as it always does, most gallant service. While England lies surrounded by the sea, like a child girdled by its parent's arm, all her sons and daughters must naturally take a strong interest in those who follow their calling on the great deep. The ships that have brought, rouhd dangerous headlands and rocky coasts, the coals that have warmed and brightened our Christmas hcarths, and the vessels that have carried spices, sugar, fish, and good things too numerous to even mention here, for our enjoyment and our comfort, have this year been exposed to greater perils than usual on the sea. So I am sure, when our Pilgrims have discovered the name of the wandering skiff, they will with one voice echo my prayer for her, " God speed her on her gallant way !" A PICTORIAL, CHARADE. N-u % '"-:-- "- -HOL rFor next month's subjects I will give you for your (AL.) P:ROSE ESSAY. " l'lRIMN; A.ND ITS ASSOCIATLIONS." .\nd for the verse I give you the following rhymes to fil up:- I. 2. 3. (green, Leaf, Song, Sheen, Brief, Throng, Shower, Nest, Day, Flower. Rest. Ray.