PUZZLE PAGES. 558.-INITIAL. CHARADE:
. .. . - LL the letters that lived in Alphabet I Made znpa picnic, some time ago, For the little dunce, who would not com To learn his A, B, C, Had escaped from the rule of Dame sohoof, And after him off went she. Then F looked at B, and C gazed at I Till they all forgot how to spell; P grinned at T, and squinted at E, So to fighting at last they fell. Then Q in the corner looked wondrous And says he, " I think by the ]ook ofI We shall have a fine day, and I vote r To Gigglesby Wood, where the bluebel - And coehle-shells glitter in gleaming We'll take our provisions and eat them And to show I only mean what's fair, A pot of genuine marmalade I will be "Agreed I agreed I" cried the letters -J . And so to their foraging quest they f
But of all the good things collected there, There was one the greatest praise did share. Dainties might crown the platter and bowl, But none was so popular as my wiwle. It was made from fruit that grew on trees Golden as those of Hesperides. The showers and breezes of early spring Had tended the delicate blossoming, While summer sunshine had ripened now To glowing beauty the load on the bough. The fruit on native soil thus nursed, Our Britain's pride, is my, rosyfirst ! Mly second, the boast of the Cornish land, Is the masterpiece of a skilful hand. The painter may point to his pencil 'fine, The sculptor vow.that his art is divine, The poet may wield a mighty pen, But among all the handicrafts of men, Or women either, he who can raise My second well lacks no meed of praise, And his work, at least, more applause com- mands Than the efforts perchance of ambitious-hands. The gourmand's delight, the poor man's dish; Nay, proverbs say, although he may wish, That Old Nick himself, though often beckoned, Ne'er enters Cornwall for fear of my second"l Young and old, of every degree, lsly second's admirers are sure to be I Now when the Alphabet tribe did dine On plenty of meats and plenty of wine,
The crowning dish undoubtedly there Was my whr7 amongst all of rich and D" brought damsons, and H brought he AI minced mutton, a shabby sham; L some lobsters, and leg of lamb, N brought nuts and J some jam; B some barley-sugar had brought. P a pigeon-pie, whose crust was short; G some gooseberry fool prepared, I some ices, for which few cared; S a salad, and R a rabbit, F a fowl of most Chinese habit; C some curds well smothered in cream, E some eels from a fsavourite stream, O a barrel of oysters fine, T a turkey, with sausage and chine; K some kale that grew by the sea- A delicate dish it proved to be ! The rest'of the letters came after tea- Namely, U, X, W, Y, Z, V ! Now when they had dined and feasted They allpprotestedi beyond compare Was the dish great, A to their table bra My first was luscious, my second short, And one and all. vowed the dainty solo Worth, an emperor's banquet was my tFrom mighty A tocrooked old Z The same opinion was sung and said. Now if tle riddle you cannot read, .And indorse their verdict, I thilk ind Yun will not deserve the tiniest slice Of what all declared was so very nie,
I 559.-PROEAN PUZZLE.
,fat form you may discover me in is on the River Thames, where I aoerous servants to attend me. ill often find me on a bramble, fsr owner left me; my next pos- carry me off to help build his liew wil see me in most buildings of all ether mansions, cottages, or palaces; -bapels, or synagogues. will occasionally come upon me in t thoroughfares of the City, where I use of serious inconvenience. more rarely to be met with in certain disease, but when I do attack a par- ert of the human frame I almost in.I rove mortal. atill princess in the oldsf airy tale-I
books derived her name from the auriferous splendour of my-adorning. 7. When I attack vehicles by means of their wheels the consequencos are sometimes un- pleasant. 8. I was once a philosopher, writing chiefly on mental'powers. 9. I am what a lover demands from his mistress. 10. What a dhorse strives to snatch from a rick of hay. 11. What a factory hand dreads whenr out- ward. 12. And what the drunkard and brawler fear when in the ascendant. If after all this you cannot get at the heart of my mystery, even by skeleton assistance, you had better pick me !
60o.-j #ISTORICAL-,VUJZZLfl]. A FAMOUS MINISTIR. -I "~ C-
TRANSPOSITION. OTSESSIR.-An Egyptian monarch alike for his domestic rule and his licy. He united the divisions of the one kingdom. --A DISCREET PROVERB. atilated Grecian female; a personal hat Irish folks delight in; a beheaded half the significant name of a famous defeat; the undulating letter; what to be when they are not happy at at's favourite month; fourdfifths of t organ; half a quantity of music; yolher folks besides the sons of Erin ld to; two-fourths of a sovereign's at "this one" is not; the peculiar of every dog. thes Coay be constructed an axiom ean we comtmend to all our afoath as the " better part of valourt"
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 390, 391, andl 92, Vol. VII.) 541. Glass. 542. Meadow-sweet. 513. Palmerston. 1. Penn. 2. Ariosto. 3. Lavater. 4. Mozart. 5. Elzevir. 6. Rem- brandt. 7. Swift. 8. Tasso. 9. Otway. 10. Newton. 544. 1. C-lock. 2. G-rain, 3. W-hip. 4. T-ear. 5. S-tart. 6. G-round. 545. Morning. Evening. MidgE--OlaY-- RosE-NooN-IoenI--NavigatloN- GonG. 546. 1.A leaf. 2. A mine. 3. A chest of drawers. 4. A tooth. 547. I. Nail. ni. Bar. 518. Because it's "a ruf and'tumblo 1" 549. Are -bare-care-dar--fare-hare- mare-pare-rare-·tae-W are--stare. 550. Tomyris. 551. Semiramis. 552. Cyaxares
563.-CHARADE.
You're quite in the right, my dear Harry, All women are worthless and vain; I'm determined at last not to marry, And quarrelled with Emily Jane ! No voice than her own could be sweeter; She danced like a fairy, I know ; No habit or horse could be neater Than hera down the whole of the Row. Her figure? no sylph's could be finer; Her eyes, of most exquisite blue, Smiled always; her face, a diviner Ne'er was seen for its colour and hue.
-,\ý\r 1:y i ;
In short, to a speedy surrender The fair little fortress was brought; Oar courtship was ardent and tender, And promised to be very short. iHer governor's plenty of money, And gives her in all her own way, And the whole of the prospect was sunny, Until one unfortunate day. For I worshipped my frst's golden glory Through changes of fillet and flower, Its beauty seemed ever before me, Entwining fresh links every hour; And when she'd a whim for my second Of gold, set with crystal and gem, I ransacked the shops, till I recloned I had run the whole gauntlet of them. I puzzled o'er turquoise and coral, My second's varieties learned, Till I feared a much costlier moral By the time we were wedded was earned. I sighed o'er the hundreds devoted To my second alone for her use, And denounced every parent who doted Like hers as an ignorant goose. But no question of crystal or coral, No cost of my second, was then The cause that produced our last quarrel, . And made me the maddest of men.
Her foot and her hand wore the a Well fitted with boot, glove, ano She was neither the shortest nor t But her height was exactly the t And myfirst in the top of the fai Was the true golden hue that's so In fact, every hour my passion Increased for a creature so fair. I besieged her with praiseworthy vi You see, I've a very good chance I've a phiz that's not bad, and my Is first-rate to ride, row, or don
But one day, when we cantered toge In the Row, midst the thick of th 'Twas the height of the season-the Had brought the elite like a cloud As we rode, a perceptible titter Was echoed behind as we passed, And with a half-tremulous twitter, I turned in my saddle at last. Oh horror I some demon's dominion Of tables and hats was left free, That my Emily's false curls and c Might thus be discovered to me! My first in its golden profusion The rude wind had swept from it The curls, to her utter confusion, The flaps of her saddle did grace While the chignon, escaped from its Entangled the tail of her steed: Alas for my foolish adoring I My visions were vanished indeed. So thrs is the cause, my dear Harry To which my escape is most due, The reason I've vowed not to malTy, Which I've only imparted to yen. To my whole's misplaced absence or The loss of my charmer I owe, For an angel alone could with m Be thus made the jest of the lRos
- - __ ' - - ý ._- ý . ý _ - - .ý ._ ý .ms-a _ - '" ý--_ --ý F -6 -ý --ý - --------= ___ ___ 1/7