PUZZLE PAGES. 553.-CHARADE.
She was myfirst in every way, In figure, face, complexion; My second to its inmost core Owned her supreme direction. I chose a splendid valentine; My second, velvet azure, Set in a lucelike border, bore This motto-" To my treasure I" I ransacked Kandy's shop, to find My first in daintiest fashion, By comfit, kiss, and sugar-plum, Revealed my ardent passion. Ah, well I some years have fled since then, I've long pass'd manhood's border-
Y boyish days I while they endured How lightly they were reckoned; Their feats and sports still wake a throb Of pleasure in my second. Days that seemed very much too short, In spite of Latin verses, Fond memory their departed joys Still faithfully rehearses. I know I was not given to Greek, With Latin soon was sated- French was an awful bore to me, Arithmetic I hated. My second was to bat and ball, To oar and rod devoted, While knowledge in whatever branch My first was never voted. But, oh I the crisis of my fate Was when I met Rose Twining; I felt I was at last a man, My whole her form enshrining. I've not a tooth now called my first, My second's out of order. My whole-Rose Twining-long ago Went up to Hymen's altar, But not with me, for she espoused Old Grubb, the great drysalter. I can't complain, she reigned my first But for a little season; A sugar-baker's heir I wooed For a most wealthy reason. My first's a business matter now, And life would be quite sunny; But if my second's ossified What use is all my money?
554.--PUZZLE.
I am somewhat addicted to a lonely pursuit, although I am especially prolific in amusing games. I am sometimes composed of a large committee of public men, sometimes made of paper, and not unfrequently of cloth, while wood is my more popular form. I am connected largely with the Government, with Parliament, commerce, sanitary purposes, Poor-law Commis- sioners, and railroads. I am always to be met with near the sea, in a theatre, and in a ship. I am a legal phrase in connubial cases. You will surely find me in every middle-class hitchen. My favourite recreations concern pilfering transac- tions and Parisian trifles. I am sometimes green and sometimes black. My property con-
sists of a grinding apparatus, a visiting ticket, and a compound of flour-and-water; but it is, alas I all paper currency I I am an ancient in- strument of juvenile torture, not of frontal application. I am the terror of the pauper, the common casualty of the sailor, the daily suste- nance of sundry bachelors and spinsters. In a verbal form the purgatory of rising youth, the profession of seaside harpies, the forlorn hope of naval warfare, and the lucrative leasehold of London billstickers. Finally, there is a word rather differently spelt to my own, but whose sound is identical, which may possibly describe your frame of mind when you have puzzled over this mystery.
555.-CHARADE.
By the silvery fountain's playing, Standing in the summer sun, Tender words his lips are saying, Toned to reach no ear save one, Who beside him smiles and blushes, With the careless grace of youth, Counts his praise with rose-leaf flushes, Nor esteems his fervent truth. While she places in her bosom Golden blooms, a posy rare, " Ah !" he whispers, " but one blossom To assuage my heart's despair I"
"See," she answers, "these bronze petals Glowing in their golden prime, Nature's minted mimic metals, Have attained their seeding time." Then she flung them far above her, On myfirst's stern height to rest. " When they spring afresh, the lover Who restores them to my breast Shall receive the garland golden By his lady's love entwined. By such tasks did maidens olden Prove their wooers' secret mind 1"
"/ 1K H- ~ i t I § 1/ ý "ý (II ".
Then with cold bright smile she vanished Like a winter sunbeam's ray, While my first's dark shadow banished From its depths the sunset's play. That omen on his heart doth fall, Standing beside that frowning - ! Many seasons, coming, going, Passed above my lofty first, With their sun and shine thus growing Was my second early nursed. Shower and sunshine did their duty- Fed the seed, the leaves, the stem, Till the wreath of living beauty Crowned myfirst for diadem. Oft the lady glanced upon them, Years and seasons fleeting past, Wooer never yet had won them From my first, now rooted fast. As her famous beauty faded, Like my second 'neath the frost, Golden locks with grey o'ershaded Warned her of youth's springtide lost. He was gone who murmured to her Vows of passionate love sincere. Many a knight since then did woo her For broad lands and lordly gear.
But the tender heart that cherished Such sweet dreams of love and truth In the last Crusade had perished: He was lost, and so was youth: Wintry skies were clouding over Heart or bloom, so lovely erst, Never now might gallant lover Pluck my second from my first. Past all her pride, her pomp of power, She now was withered as the - I" MORAL. Fair youths and maidens, heed what sages say: While the bright sunshine lasts make you your hay! Nor too secure rest in disdainful ease, For older grown, you lack the charm to please. Else when gay youth with all its joys is past, You, like the lady, learn sad truth at last, Who found grey locks and waning bloom had small power To nerve a lover e'en to pick her - - I Lest in the festive scenes where early bloom Made you the cynosure of all the room, As age creeps on you sink-0 degradation !- To line my first, your then appointed station, While all my second pass you proudly by, And christen you my whole I Ah, well you sigh I Young folks, I warn you to exert all power To save yourselves from sinking to a - - I
556.-CHRONOGRAPH. There was an old person of Spain Who lived in Dominitian's reign, He made epigrams rare, Such as poets despair Of ever achieving again. A party whose birthplace was Attic, Whose eloquence was quite dramatic, Who his mouth filled with stones, For improving his tones, And whose history was somewhat erratic. A remarkable Emperor of Rome Who with pen and with sword was at home, When close followed he took In his teeth his new book, And swam safely to shore through the foam I An historian of Rome, long ago, Who in language of elegant flow Detailed all the jars Of the famed Punic wars, As each schoolboy is certain to know. An author of Athens, no stickler For morals or rncurs conventicular; For he wrote and he fought, And some plunder he sought, And indeed was by no means particular. A sweet little damsel so pretty, She was stabbed by her pa in stern pity, Because too much admired, And serenely expired, Long honoured in ballad and ditty. An aspiring young party of Crete, Not content with the use of his feet, Who made pinions to fly, But he soared up too high, And a merited drowning did meet. The initials of all joined discreetly, And ranged in their order quite neatly, Will at your desire Give the date of the fire Which burned down old London completely.
557.-SANCHO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES. I. Faint and soft on the midnight air A true heart chanteth its homage deep ; There's never a step on the palace stair But a dreamer won from her quiet sleep Bends to hear herself called more fair Than the lady moon on the cloudy steep. II. Oh I I must praise this leafy nook; 'Tis like a calmly pleasant book, Wherein such fair bright fancies stray That we could lie and read all day, Nor at the flight of time repine Till night shuts out each glowing line. III. A little distance from our place of rest The woodman's strokes resound in distant glades, There fell some mighty monarch's forest crest, There the great corse will lie on earth's green breast, Beneath you oaks buried in sombre shades ! Iv. All our fishers are hastening home, For the tide is rolling in wrath and foam ; They havo drawn the fish from the mighty deep While those that are idle were sound asleep i Each little boat as it comes from the main Is eagerly welcomed to shore again, And the fisher exhibits with pride and glee The spoils of his net from the stormy sea ! ANSWERS TO CHARADES, c. (Pages 314, 315, and 316.) 533. Mill-stream. 534. ALL. 1. Ball. 2. Call. 3. Fall. 4. Gall. 5. Hall. 6. Mall. 7. Pall. S. Sall. 9. Tall. 10. Wall. 535. Bolt caught (Bolt-court). 536. Needle. 537. 1. A-gate. 2. B-oar. 3. P-ear. 4. B-ride. 533. Madeira. 539. Otaheite. 540. Fox-glove.