78. PALINDROME.
o e d r - f e ALINDROME. Αι English town, aud I'd better pen down A part of your visage besides ; A kind of catch, it α hook serves to latch, And what in potatoes resides, I want you to take, and a crown I'll stake, On turning thom round, no difference is found. George G. 79. METAGRAM. Small in breidth I am. Change my head repeatedly and I become—what is found iu boues, what carriee stones, what worrits the laud, and a litter of ь'шл. Η. 0. Price. PICTORIAL REBUS. 80. LOGQGRIPH. On seeing this puzzle I guess you will s.iy, 'Tis not very th's aud despise it ; Decapitato, then, and transpose the right way, Lo, a lord now ! he p'raps '11 revise it. George G. 81. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. I see a lovely und unfortunate queen, seated in the prow of a gorgeous barge, and lurroi.n led by courtiers, gazing fondly at the distant shore, which every moment becomes more and more indistinct. At her feet reclines a handsome courtier, who ever and anon gazes at bis mistrefs with yearning eyes, Then, accompanied by the lute of her attendant, she breaks out into a pathetic ballad, in which she bids asad farewell to tlie laud she is leaving; until at last the distant shore fides from her v.ew, and is lost to sight in the buindless horizon. Beta. 82. CHARADE. My first you will find in my second, It is hard, red, and not very dear ; Put, together the two, and you've reckoned, A stream in the west hemisphere. F. W. Goldthorp, PICTORIAL REBUS. B> 83. TRANSPOSITIONS. In each of tho following sentence?, the first lots of italics name a British town, and the second lot the county it is in. 1. I met a gardener. " Pray lef E be digging here, today," said I. " I canuot r¡sl; it If., of yore I did, never now," he replied. 2. " Wc will give chase, and row near them," sad I. "Wo'll try." said the mate ; " but 'tis Harder, sir, nor you think." 3. I sent to Thomson's, and though I have told him he is wrong, yet he drives on. 4. Ah! let no rough attack her thus ; if very weak and faint, she can sit here. 5. See men, 'lis bare; what α brute she is; whatever else you do, resist her coming here. 6. Yon may enter, Nat ; for I will add nothing to what I have already said. Young Devon. Answers to the above will appea r in No. 98.