DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Seek my firsts when Sol, the glorious. Rises in the Eaet victorious ; Seek my lasts when o'er the meadows, Sinks the sombre twilight shadows. 1. Oh, selfish elf, to take myself, Tho very first position ; 2. Tarn this about, and you'll make out, A simple prohibition. 3. A fragrant flower in this is seen, 4. This is my ^r*ts and lasts between. 5. This peoplo had a noble queen ; 6. Oh, where is the mortal would envy her plight, From the light of the world to bo banished out¬ right ? 7. Rather many partake of this liquid at night. W. Aitkeh. PICTORIAL REBUS. ад Ъ1& * 123. DIAMOND. The head of a cat ; an auimal ; cavities ; an Asiatic river ; a poet ; a Polynesian island ; a beverage ; a space of timi ; tlie end of glee. Centrals read down and across, name a poet. 124. CHARADE. In firn behold what often here, Broods o'er the land at eve or тлгп ; The sun is hid, the heaven is white, The streets are dull, the fields forlorn, My next will prove the housewife's curse, If o'er the steel remiss she grows, My wliole means doubt, which sours the heart, And aggravates our slightest woes. ΔτιταυΒ E. Waite. PICTORIAL REBUS. ЖШ .4 12". LOGOGRTPH. Five letters I contain ; my first and last remove, And quickly you will prove, oue only will remain. Iota. 126. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A Grecian State, documents, fruits, to love again, α boy's name, to avow. 2. A meal, a period, α door, agile, shorn, genius. 3. A Swiss canton, to mourn, one who diverts, to dwell, to blunt, α road. A. H. Scales. PICTORIAL REBUS. 127. DECAPITATION. I'm a word of fivo letters, hut although so small, I am of the greatest importance to all ; At least in old England all peoplo agree, 'Twould be inconvenient to live without me. Behead me, and then I am changed altogether, I am now chiefly met w ith in very warm weather ; But though in cold climates my presence is rare, If you light but fire I am sure to be there ; Indeed towards warmth, such a liking have I, That while it is found I'm convinced I sha'n't die ; Behead me, I master o'er man and o'er beast, They may live in the West, they may live in tho East ; They may live in the North or South, 'tis no mattor, still I Am their prompter, and they must obey me or die. Iota. Answers to the above will appear in No. 78.