PUZZLE PAGES.
-ARRLfP UFST / C 711 (Jc,
77.-A PUZZLE. " SEE Paris and die!" The Parisian may cry, But I would rather see Paris and live. I have not, more's the pity, Seen that beautiful city, Which the first to my puzzle must give. My fourth and my second Are easily reckoned, Each one of us knows them full well; They are quite our own, Our flesh, our bone, More to say would the secret tell. My third, howe'er done, Is the end of all fun, But best part of a country inn.
'Tis a half-uftered "No," And the end of all go, But 'tis often the fruit of sin. Mly fifth is a sign Which with others combine To make us all feel rather jolly; Though appliedito my whole It makes us all dole- Ful and most melancholy. 78.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Amidst the sheaves:the .go.ddess stands, The harvest cumbers all the:ground, The reapers bend:in num'rousbands, And:peace ýand'plenty: smile :around. Far in the forest's greenest glades The sylvan goddess draws her bow, Surrounded by her huntress maids, Following the chase away they go! I. It stands upon the grassy cliff, It slowly slopes towards the sea, The mossy graves, one Runic cross, , No calmer resting-place could be. II. Across the desert's sandy waste These rocks are piled, jagged and bold, Full many a holy man has dwelt Within their caverns dark and cold. III. The Saxon lady blushing bright Gently draws back the bridal lace, And shows the noble Jewish maid Her golden hair, her lovely face. IV. Through beauteous scenes thy waters flow, To join the mighty Tay, By grassy hills, and wooded parks, And the 1 "Birks of Invermay."
V. Far in the misty western sea, A rock-girt island stands, A mighty temple there is found, Framed by no mortal hands. 79.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Red and blue, That will do, I. When for our. country's weal we pray, This is what l always say- II. Bitter tears and lamentation, Grief that owns no consolation. III. If you'd count me, 'twere better you should look alive, So start off at once with one thousand and five. IV. To-day is come, and I am just behind, I never come, but always there you'll find. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &c. (Pages 517, 518, 519, 520.) 64.-My whole is a salad. L is always in good health. L.S.). are the replresentative letters of pounds, shillings, and pence. S, my first, is the beginning of society. A, my second, is the middle of the day. L is the i:iitial of laughter and of life's labour also. A is in "everybody's way." 1) initial of duty and the final of mend. Strike off the initial of salad :,ld you behold A laD. 65.-F L A G LANE ANNA GEAR ;G-IIIErSY-SCHISM. 1. Holiness. 2. Epidemic. 3. Rush. 4. Eli. . Sisyphus. 6. Yetholm. ';7.-Sauce-pan. Saucepan. 68.-Frost-bite. Frostbite. t;.-Log-wtod. Logwood. 70.-Six bells (belles).
80.-PUZZLE. I had my doubts of him, no doubt of that, Though he wore good boots and a nice sleek hat; He could tell a good story and drink a lot of wine, The yarns were his own, but the liquor was mine. Just the third of a suspicion-that was the worst- Made me rather shy of him-that was my first. MlIy second was that which has to go before a jury- I found it all out and it put me in a fury, I mean that without a jury 'tis no crime at all, No crime in law, but still you know some evil may befall. I had my doubts of him, no doubt of that, Though he wore good boots and a nice sleek hat. My third quite did it-only half a column; First it made me cross and then made me solemn. And really could it be?-I could scarcely believe it, But the fact was there and I must needs receive it. I had had my doubts of him, no doubt of that, Though he wore good boots and a nice sleek hat. And so there came the whole of it, terrible to tell, The picture may suggest to you what him befell; But the words of. my puzzle you must find out, Easily enough I have very little doubt. Ah me! I had my doul:ts of him, no doubt of that, Though he wore good boots and a nice sleek hat.