S PUZZLE PAGES. 526.-CHARADE. .,r· r g~
AME DOWLAS, come in, and take dinner' me, For Jack my son has come home from ite Long did I trouble, and fret, and pine, To look on the face of that dear boy of a But now he's returned I'm so happy andgo I can't do balf what I wish for the lad! It is Christmas, too, and I verily think, With plenty to eat and plenty to drink, We'll welcome him back to his own deari 1 o put on your pattens, Dame Dowlas, come Your scarlet cloak, and your smartest goy And follow me quickly up the town. Now Jack has been in the Chiney land, Their ways I don't very well understand, But he's brought me something, myfirst, call, Which is highly valued by Chinee-men al! Morning or noon, for hunger or thirst, There's nothing so good, says Jack, as first.
So the two old cronies they toddled down To the neat little cottage of old Dame Brown, And at once the busy cooking began With kettle and platter, pipkin and pan. "Now here's my first," said Dame Brown; "to me It's rather a puzzle what it can be I" With spectacled nose the other old dame To look at the strange new compound came, But none the wiser for all her prying, To find out what was before her lying. So while t'other old woman was out of the room, She muttered, "'Tis chopped up old birch- broom 1" " How shall we cook it ? I never asked Jack," Said old Dame Brown as she trotted back. "Bake it or fry it, toast it or broil it, Simmer it, roast it, stew it, or boil it, (I only hope that we shall not spoil it I) "Well," said Dame Dowlas, "I surely reckoned You meant to dress it first in my second." "And you are right," said Dame Brown, "for now I remember Jack said, when he brought it, how Them Chinee folks to use it had taught 'a To cgpk it with plenty of boiling water." S,) tYi'ey made up the fire, and poked, and blew, ndi yut on my second with much ado; Idto my second they put myfirst, Pith a pint of water, and then dispersed
To their separate work-the meat to fry, And the pudding to make, and to bhal pie. When just in the middle in Jack came, And giving my whole to the busy dame, " I forgot," says he, " when my first I ga That it was no good till my whole you have I'm nearly perished with hunger and thil So pray with our dinner let's have my fir The dame, delighted she'd done so well, Dished up her dinner, refraining to tell Her son that myfirst was boiling alreadl, Till seated around the table, quite steady, A covered dish in her hand she bore, Which she solemnly placed her son before " There," says she, "is myfirst; yon eat It, I s'pose, as a sort of sauce with them Jack looked at the dish, and laughed h prise, Till at last the tears ran out of his eyes, " Oh, mother!" says he, "why them folks Would think you were playing off yourc My first is to drink, and not to eat, And certainly not a sauce for meat. You funny old woman I myfirst you've, Before its flavour you've properly tasted Next time myfirst you attempt to brew, My wohole, not my second's, e he t you I"
GEOGBAPFIICAL TRANSPOSITIONS.
.IL 1ALAN.-One of the Philippines, the chief government manufacture em- 20,000 hands.
528. MATRUSA.-An island of the Oriental Archipelago, most noted for its produce of pepper and camphor.
529.-WHAT NAUTICAL TACTIC DOES THIS REPRESENT?
FROM TE, ý LESSON& SH! I/ IN \VE TOI 580.-TOPOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC.
A city in whose cathedral a dethroned King gland was buried. Alarge town, noted for the manufacture nits, blankets, and pins. A town formerly famed for its saline s, which gave 'their name to a medi- an island county, 'formerly noted for its ble copper mines. A town historically famous for the battle tin its neighbourhood during the Wars Roses, A large manufacturing town, celebrated productions of hardware. A fine old town, worthy of remark for its athedral and noble old castle.
8. A beautiful island, chiefly remarkable for its charms of situation and scenery. 9. A small town, to which is popularly ascribed the origin of the Goodwin Sands. 10. A northern city engaged in extensive trade, and boasting an excellent university. 11. A very pleasant town, chiefly noted as being'the birthplace of Cardinal Wolsey. 12. A northern town of great importance, widely renowned for its fine salmon and its coal mines. The initials will form a name renowned in the annals of history; a power of small com- parative size among the nations of the world, but ranking among the very highest for wealth and importance.
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &o. (Pages 86, 87, and 88.)
, Love lies bleeding-Stocks-.Snowflake Iden rod-Rocket-Monkshood-Foxglove ttercup-Cowsiip-Sweetbriar-Woodbine easant's eye - Heartsease - Harebell - e's feather - Larkspur - Cockscomb - imperial-Sunflower-Cuckoo-flower- Star of Bethlehem --Jacob's ladder- o°wsweet-Lily-Turk's-cap-Venus' look- as-Morning glory - Traveller's joy- e' ribbon. SBecanse he is circa m.vented. Because he is a philo-sofa. * Because it is a very short Day followed ery long (l)night.
chart-chist-rim-cram-charm-arm-harm -star-arts-tar-stir - mist - mass - hist- chat-chrism-sit-sat-Sam, Mat, Tim-Tam -Sir-rich - ram-rat-shirt - trim-char- hat-cat - cit - his-hit- mit-mart-mast- is-'tis-chit-crass-ham-sham-Ciss-mar. 511. Crow. 512. Horse-shoe. 513. Because he is a wonderer (wanderer). 514. Because it is a lo(d)ger-de-main. 515. Because they are both banks of deposit. 516. Because he is full of draughts. 517. Because he is a bare 'un (baron). 518. Because he has only one eye, dear
531.-CHARADE.
She was so fair, so very fair, To look was but to love; Amidst a breath of purer air Her sweetness seemed to move. When faith was but an empty word, And honour named no more- When love to vicious heights preferred, Had lost the wings to soar. Her purity and modest grac The idle court reproved, For once to see that anigel face Was but to make h~ei loved, ; While eager, at her lightest wdrd, Would flash to life myflret, each -.
Was ne'er a courtier in tho crow' Could boast a brighter smile, Of all the knees before her bowed , None gained a chance the while, As coldly bright and calmly pure The mountain's snowy crest; Nor love nor its base counterfeit Could move that tranquil breast, Eacli meaner beauty's lesser charm By ribbon or by glove, Had summoned rivals brave to armu Ana crowned them with their lor Tokeni of hers no victor got, Or'little glove, or azure -.
_ý I1 II *I -,
But Time most secrets will reveal Unto the sight of men; And when stern Death had set a seal Upon her story, then The love of all her youth was known, Her true heart's silver shield, When Julian sank to rise no more Upon the battle-field. Of ancient lineage, spotless name, A fitting heir, he sought Fresh laurels in the wars, until That fatal field was fought. Then searchers round the fatal spot Found on myfirst the second, -.
They bore it kindly back again Across 'the stormy sea, Dyed deeply with the crimson stsia; She took it silently; But from that hour her lovely face Might never more be seen 'Mid the fair train'that sought tog The presence of their queen. To deeds of mercy, works of love, Her blameless life was given, Amid the sick and poor to move, Like visitant from heaven. When robed for her eternal rest The - - lay upon her breast
532.-ENIGMATICAL AXIOM.
An auricular organ, cunning beheaded, the highest portion curtailed, two-thirds of an in- sect, the first 'quarter of a portal, one of the indefinite articles, a Scottish river, the other nur cular organ, two-thirds of a cathedral, h~qf an implement, and one-half of amaze- he commencement of the first part of the
day, the ignorant orthography for re. than one, another indefinite article, an in the Irish Sea, a synonym for car poetic fashion for saying " your," a. member, welfare in one syllable, t Theta, the inquisitive letter, three-foa belt, half an intoxicating liquor, and a nished portion of sight.