P'UZZLE PAGES. 571.-CHARADE.
And am really beginning to think all's right, Out comes your sun and bothers me quite ! Then myfirst, that I laid with so much care O'er valley and meadow, everywhere Melts in the rays and disappears In a perfect torrent of gloomy tears. Cannot you keep to your own domain ? So small is my rule, and so short my reign, I cannot afford to be trenched upon, So away with you all ! from my path begone I I am going to send a heavy fall Of my first, and then on the top of all My minister, active Jack Frost, will lay An icy barrier on every way, So firm and fast that I may defy The fickle wills of both sun and sky 1" The grumbling old monarch then withdrew To his icy fastness, for well he knew That delicate Spring had no power to break His fetters on hill, or meadow, or lake; He had barred her out with his icy chain; Her servant the sun-ray looked in vain For blossom and blade, every bud and cup, In icy prisons were fast locked up. Poor Spring was grieved, for her children fair In their earthy tombs were buried there. She longed to adorn her in flowery wreath, But her blossoms lay hidden my first beneath. So at lastin despair to Winter she flies, With ou stretched hands, andtears in hereyes. " Loos0 O mighty king I" said she, " The chains that bar my children from me!
INTER and Spring fell out one day, 'Twas a frequent occurrence I may say, For they came so close on each other's reign That they found agreement was almost vain. Winter complained Spring came before (Invading his rights) his season was o'er. " I intend," quoth he, " to make a stand, And gravely take the matter in hand, For what with late autumns and early springs, And all such very obnoxious things, I can hardly tell what my season should be, And a serious matter it is to me, For Autumn trespasses late and long, And the power of her suns is so fierce and strong, That in vain I let loose the equinox In gales that should shake the strongest rockh. I cannot cope with her warmth and power, Scarce can I bite e'en the tenderest sower; And when I have fairly packed her off, And set in for the season of cold and cough, Not mine, 0 monarch, the wish to tread On the slightest path of your realm so dread! But so uncourteous you will not be To a lady, surely, and grudge to me My early violets, primroses pale; I have not a bud to fasten my veil; I vow I was never so meanly dressed; Great monarch behold a damsel distressed" The old king heard in his gloomy lair, And smiled with glee at her humble prayer. "Fair mistress," said he, "a courteous king Grants to a lady each possible thing. I cannot release your subjects yet; But lest for your wonted charms you fret, I'll send you a feather from my bird's plume That rivals in beauty your fairest bloom !" So the gallant old fellow sent a gale To carry my second to fasten her veil. Light as the downiest feather it fell, And Spring with its beauty was pleased sowell, That as time went on and her reign drew nigh, She fashioned my whole all secretly; To my second in form and shape 'twas near, While the hue of my first it did also bear. Then she sent the delicate, fragile thing, A messenger fair to the stern old king; And ever since, as all legends say, Winter and Spring passed on their way With peaceful steps, and loved each other Like a sister fair and noble brother; And my whole, of their alliance a sign, Flourished and grew like a bloom divine.
572.-CHARADE.
Yes, child, I' tell you allthe tale So often told before, When our gracious lordthe king Alighted at our door. 'Twas on his way towards the coast, When he was forced to fly Before the bitter Roundhead churls, Who set themselves so high. But out upon their bragging.boasts I Their own turn came about When all the gallant Cavaliers The rabble host did rout.
''? I% "~ ~ c i~i~ ~a-~c 8" ,rP~iil~~ar~MW~Rb~[W'Bm(~lr~p;Zz~.~· ( ---\ r '· ~c--·J-r
We gave him all we had, to give,). A crust oabarley-bread; The last of a long line of kings, Thus humbly was he fed. No courtly page or servitor Among his band was reckoned; From yonder well of water pure I served him in my second.. And there it stands on yonder.shelf ; No meaner lip shall, e'er Profane the brim a king has kissed With such a courtly air. Ie took my second in his hand- "Good dame I praise your spring, For such a sparkling draught as this Is worthy of a king. I pledge your health, my bonny dame, And by my royal crown, We'll meet again when fortune.sends The king to take his own I" Your grandsire standing by the door (The tears were in his eye), Cried," Heaven bless our gracious liege, And right him speedily l" "To horse I to horse I the eve is dark, We should be on the road,
Well, child,.your grandsire was not rich, A yeoman bold and true, Who'd dwelt upon his father's farm, As then folks used to do; But braver heart ne'er beat beneath A courtier's silk and lace; For Church and King he stood unmoved Both in and out of place. And he had suffered for his cause, So we were very poor That day our gracious monarch came And lighted at the door.
Uneasy-ways a king must tread When rebels are abroad l" Then out they brought the horses there, And low your grandsire knelt To hold myfirst as he did mount (How proud the good man felt 1) " I'll make you Master of the Horse .When I come to Whitehall " The king said as he rode away, Quite loud before them all. Alack ! the Restoration came, The king enjoyed his own, But in the churchyard long before Your grandsire was laid down, And for awhile my thoughts were set Alone on better things; I took but little note of all. The state and change of kings, Till once, as I was at the door, A gallant train passed by, And in the midst the king himself I quickly did espy. Most graciously he lighted down And asked how we had sped, And really seemed most mighty grieved To hear my Ralph was dead.
"But grief brings no man back," quoth he, "So dame put by your tears, And turn your face once more on life, You are but young in years ! Come up and see her majesty, She'll bid you welcome too; We'll quaff my second full of wine, And toast the times we knew I" He mounted on his gallant roan, Gay pages bore the rein, A mighty lordling held my first, Poor Ralph might ne'er again. " Go fill my second, dame 1" he cried, "From yonder sparkling spring; For you shall bring my whole once more To pledge your rightful king l"
He drained it up, and to the brim Filled up with good red gold, And with a kindly smile gave back Unto my trembling hold. "Farewell, good dame, and many thank Be sure you come to court l" Then with his train rode on again To join the hunting sport. I never saw his gracious face Again; but treasured dear, My second has on.yonder shelf Been kept for many a year.. His princely gift restocked the farm- Heaven rest his princely soul ! It is not every one can say They gave a king my whole.
573.-HISTORICAL PUZZLE.
574.--SANCHO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES. I. We journeyed well upon our way, Our course begun at break of day; By noon one half was safely passed, By night our journey done at last. II. After its angry strife, the ocean Sinks once more to a rest complete; The storm that roused it into motion Subsides, and comes a respite sweet, That seems to breathe a healing balm, A heavenly rest, unbroken calm ! III. And }as my love no flower to-day, Nq rpse to deck her hair ? Must jhose soft locks without a stay F16at o'er a neck so fair ? Heaven grant no thorn lurk near I pray I
575.--PUZZLE. A shepherd possessing a hundred sheep, ha a fold for them made of fifty hurdles. He bought a hundred more sheep, and required th fold to be double the size. What was th smallest number of hurdles that would makke of the dimensions he needed ? ANSWERS TO CHARADES, ETC. (Pages 74, 75 and 76.) 558. Apple-pie. 559. Lock. 560. Cardinal Wolsey. 561. Sesostris. 562. He who fights and runs away May live to fight another day. To be read- He who fights and run-s away May live to fight an other day. 563. Hair-pin. rc r Tun