PUZZLE PAGE.
RIDDLE-ME-REE. Y first is in peace, but not in war; My second in licence, also in law; My third is in urn, but not in tray; My fourth is in minute, but not in day; My fifth is in pig, but not in sty; My sixth is in nervous but not in shy; My seventh in dog, but not in cat; My eight is in dormouse, but not in rat; My ninth is in ink, but not in pen; My tenth is in nest, also in den; My eleventh in gong, but not in bell, And now my whole I pray you tell. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. I. My initials read downwards form the name of a time for rejoicing and festivity, and my finals one of its pleasures. i. A flower. 2. An island. 3. An animal. 4. A kind of architecture. 5. Identical. 6. Not below. 7. A foreign tribe. 8. One. 9. Is plural of sense. II. My initials read downwards form the name of a creature that walks on two legs, and my finals give the time when it is most esteemed. r. Muddy. 2. A canton of Switzerland. 3. An article used in the kitchen. 4. Piercing. 5. Otherwise. 6. Belonging to you. DIAMOND PUZZLES. I. My first is a consonant; my second some- thing eatable; my third a kind of plant; my
fourth a number: my fifth regardful; my sixth arguing; my seventh a great event ; my eighth spoiled; my ninth to study by candle-light; my tenth one of the planets; my eleventh a girl's name; my twelfth an animal's resort; my thir- teenth a vowel. My centrals read downward and across form the name of a great event. II. My first is a consonant; my second the oppo- site of old; my third is the comparative of the opposite to old; my fourth is the boy who sells papers; my fifth is a bird; my sixth is one of the human kind; my seventh is a consonant. My centrals read downwards and across form the name of a useful person. HIDDEN PROVERB. There is one word of a well-known proverb in each of these two lines following : They grew in beauty side by side, They filled one home with glee. Our thrushes now are silent, The swallow flies away. From yonder ivy-mantled tower, The moping owl does to the moon complain. A chieftain to the Highlands bound, Cries "Boatman, do not tarry !" Little drops of water, little grains of sand, Make the mighty ocean and the pleasant land. The bark which held a prince went down, The sweeping waves rolled on. The wild rose and the orchis, Died amid the summer glow. HIDDEN GTRLS' NAMES. i. I shall not wear a coat, Helen, or a hat. 2. When they ring the bell at twelve o'clock school is over. 3. I am your sincere friend.