PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
L AST month we finished off with a peep into the Puzzledom "Guide to Botany," I confess I like the Puzzledom "Guide to Botany," because it contains only those pretty old names that associate the flowers with some locality or circumstance, or link it with a pretty fancy. How much prettier it is to talk of a forget-me-not, or a mouse-ear (you know what hairy leaves the forget-me-not has, like the ear of a mouse) rather than the very high-sounding myosotis talustris. When you speak of the harebell you can fancy that as puss brushes by it, it sets up a little silvery peal of music, which only the fairies hear. Who would fancy that antirrhzinum means our old friend Snapdragon, whose jaws we have opened and shut so often ? I wish our friends the puzzling-not the Puzzledom- botanists would keep all those hard names for such flowers as Bowiea Volubilis, which they describe as "a very curious plant, quite destitute of beauty." Don't you all think a plant quite destitute of beauty must be so very curious that you can hardly believe it exists ? I do; especially on the ground that " hand- some is as handsome does." I daresay you would hardly call a chimney sweep beautiful ; but ifitwere not for chimney-sweeps little folks would often be burnt in their beds, so that there is beauty in a chimney-sweep, if you only look for it; because "beauty" and " fitness" are much alike. ?;. But we must get along with our puzzles, or you will think I am neglecting my " fitness." Here is a plant out of the Puzzledom "' Guide to Botany," which you ought to be able to guess. It has shiny areen leaves and
purple flowers, and it is a terrible plant to ramble and scramble wherever it has a chance. I don't know what long Latin name (A.) the puzzling botanists give it; and if I did know it, I would not tell you, because it would be like giving you a pin to pick the secret out with. There are magnificent Botanical Gardens in Puzzledom. You see the climate of Puzzledom is so very accommodating ! It is all built in squares, and if you feel too warm in the tropical square where you happen to be, you can call a cab and drive to the arctic square. The Botanical Gardens cover several squares; there is a cold one where alpine plants flourish; a hot one where tropical growths are seen in profusion; a damp one where marsh-loving things abound; and a dry one where there is little else than sage- brush, and that funny little Palestine Rose,
that looks like a tangled ball of twine, until it is dropt into a saucer of water, when it opens out like a brown autumn fern, to roll itself up again into its old shape as soon as the water is dried up entirely. Here is a view of one portion of the Puzzledom Botanical Gardens. In order to give you a (B.) hint as to its whereabouts I will admit that it is pretty " handy "-very handy, you will say-to the tropical department. Not very far from the Botanical Gardens of Puzzledom, we find a large building which belongs to the Royal Geographical Society of Puzzledom. Its members are constantly travelling about to discover new countries or report on the manners and customs of nations whose territories have never been fully explored. The latest account received from a Fellow of the Royal Puzzledom Geographical Society is a description of the remote region of Topsiturvey. As it is being read this afternoon to the members, we will see if we cannot get tickets and go. Fortunately a kind friend of ours, whose elaborate delineation of the peculiar dances of the tribes of the Piccaninies, the Joblillies and the Gayrulies has been published by the Society, is able to give us the needful tickets, so we will go early and get good places for hearing the paper read. The distinguished traveller just returned from Topsiturvey, first of all describes how every thing in that extraordinary country is apparently "wrong-side-up." He draws our attention to the qualifying adverb " appa- rently; " because he says a short residence in the region convinced him that in many cases what we should consider " wrong-side- up" is practically the reverse ;-" for ex- ample," he says (and he illustrates his words by doing what he describes) "it is much easier to take a pinch of snuff when you are standing on your head than when you are in
what is called your normal position." He then compares Topsiturvey with Looking- glass Land, of which so able a report was rendered to the Society by Mr. Lewis Carroll, one of the perpetual presidents, who occupies the chair on this occasion. Next he proceeds to describe (C.) Six RIVERS flowing up hill. The appearance of these streams was very confusing to one accustomed to see descend- ing waters. At the same time it would be absurd to deny that the effect was not infinitely more grand. Instead of the waves gliding peacefully down their course, they were seen furiously leaping from boulder to boulder, as if assail- ing the heights. The steepest rocks were scaled by degrees, the longest hills were bit by bit ascended, until the summits were achieved. Thence the waters ascended to the cloudsby showers of rain that rose instead of falling; for no dense mists crowned the hill-tops, no clouds obscured them. It was over the sea and in the valleys that the mists gathered and the clouds hung to supply them with the moisture which the reversal of the watershed denies to them. The same strange rule applies to the cities of Topsiturvey. You enter the houses by the chimney, and if you wish to view the sur- rounding country you ascend to the cellars. The lecturer thus speaks of (D.) Six CITIES standing on their heads. It is simply impossible to magnify or to exaggerate the effect produced by the first sight of these eccentric cities. If I thought I was dreaming-that sheer weariness had induced me to nod-no living soul can wonder; for I could scarce believe my eyes. There is, sir, a peculiar confusion arising in the mind from such a reversal, which your tour in Looking-glass Land will enable you to appreciate. It seems strange to poise cathedrals on their spires and to stick royal palaces on their chimney tops. It is difficult to decide in one's own mind whether this was the way in which the people built them, or whether they were reversed after construction. I cannot better show the impression made on me than by stating that for fear of contra- diction I kept photographs of these cities in order to lay them before the council of this Society. The learned traveller further alleged that
the fauna and flora were similarly affected, and that the vegetation, for instance, grew with its tops in the ground. In proof of this he produced specimens of (E.) Six TREES with their roots in the air. To see this class of tree growing at the tops of the highest mountains you would think them Lapland trees, but in Topsiturvey the coldest zone is the lowest, the highest the warmest. In the temperate region half-way up the hills you will see these trees flourish in a thick clump here and there. Now and then I perceived them in the colder regions. The trees I now show a sample of are in- habitants of the same region as the last, but seemless sturdy and hardy. 1\)ore delicate still is this tree. It is late in the spring ere its roots begin to push sap along the branching veins and arteries. Another picturesque tree comes next. As I walked under them I listened to the murmur of the bees among their branches. Another noble tree is the one I now show you. It is what I should consider a decora- tive object, but its timber, which is fragrant, is turned to a useful purpose. Now, my young friends, let us see whether you can learn the Topsiturvey Rivers, Cities, and Trees. In the meantime we will stroll back to our lodgings. Ah ! the postman has been, I see. He has left an envelope which contains a carte de v'isite, the latest photo- (F.) t·-- graph from Phancy. Do you guess whose it is? It is the likeness of a very kind old friend of ours, who enabled us to go to the Geographical Society. We are fortunate enough to have a piano in our lodgings. So as you young people are perhaps a little tired with your walk to the Geographical Society and back this after- noon, suppose you sit down while I sing you
a song. It is a new version of a very old song that I have no doubt you all remember well, about the little woman who was going to market to sell her eggs, but fell asleep and had her petticoats cut all round about by the wicked pedlar. Now my little woman was going to buy eggs, for one of her hens wanted to sit, and the little woman thought it would be very nice to bring up a brood of chicks. SON(. There was a little woman, not four feet high, Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! And she went to market some eggs for to buy. , dol, do liddle liddle dol ! She went to market, all on a market day, And she fell asleep by the Queen's high- way. Tol diddle d do lo!, lo/, lol, ldol.' Tol, dol, fiddle liddle dol ! Now what do you think she fell dreaming about? Tol, dol, liddle liddlc dol! That she had twenty chickens that were all hatched out ! Tol, do!, liddle liddle dog ! That she had twenty chickens, a chirping little troop, That ran about the old hen that sat in the coop. Tol de diddle dol lot, lol, lo/, dol! Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! Then the chickens all grew up and were fine laying hens; Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! At last she wished to fatten them, and shut them into pens, Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! At last she wished to fatten them and kill them all for sale, To bring a lot of money to her pocket with- out fail. Tol de diddle dol lol, lol, log, do! ! Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! But while the little woman slept, time flcw fast, Tol, do!, liddle lidle do ! And when it got near evening she began to wake at last ! Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol ! And when it got near evening she learnt how she had dozed, And couldn't buy her eggs because the mar- ket it was closed. 2ol de diddle dol lol, lol, log, do/ / Tol, dol, liddle liddle dol !
Home went the little woman all in the dark To?, do!, liddle liddle dol ! But she'd neither eggs nor chickens, as of course you will remark, To4l dol, liddle liddle dod She'd neither eggs nor chickens, and she sighed for them in vain; \nd so I hope the moral of my story's pretty plain. To de diddle d ol /L ol, lol, , do ? Tol, dol, liddce liddle dol ? Here is the moral of my story in picture language.
(G.) ( .
This song reminds me of the School of Verse. One of my little correspondents has suggested to me that she thinks it would be easier if the Blank Rhymes instead of being given in pairs should be given singly, "for instance" as she says "instead of 'Rose, shows' and 'Leaves, weaves' we got 'Rose, and 'Leaves' only." I have consulted the Professors and they think the experiment well worth trying. But I must warn you, little folks, to be very careful about your rhymes ; for I noticed that in the answers to Blind Rhymes last month, some of you thought "monsoon, typhoon, and simoon "
would rhyme with " gloom." The correct word was " simoom." And others gave "sands " instead of " sand " to rhyme with "scanned." We will call our new style of Rhymes, " Unwedded Rhymes," because you will have to marry each word to a suitable partner. For fear some of you should not quite understand the meaning of this, I will give you an example. Suppose we take these words :- sky plain cloud wind lFrom those we must make two four-line verses, supplying rhymes to the words given. This is one specimen of what might be done with it :- Haste, weary traveller, o'er the plain . Behold the threatening sky, And far, far off, the fringe of rain Descending, you may spy. The trees before the blast are bowed, Loud howls the angry wind :. While overhead a gathering cloud Wraps heaven in darkness blind. Now I fancy you can see how to do it, so I will give you some
UNWi..Il)lJi.I RH\.YMES. I:IRI)S. Lark. Owl. 1)ove. Wren. Tit. Thrush. By the way, 1 hope you will not rhyme " thrush " and " bush," though it looks tempt- ing. " Bush " will rhyme with " push," but it has no similarity of sound to " thrush " which rhymes with words like "blush." 'I'here is a song in Shakespeare's play of "A Mid- summer Night's Dream " that I will quote a verse of, to show you how you may treat your birds:- " The ousel-cock so black of hue, With orange-tawny bill, The throstle with his note so true, The wren with little quill. " You see Shakespeare just describes the look or note of the bird, and you will do well to follow his example. By the way, as we are speaking of Shakes- peare, here is a specimen page of the new Puzzledom Edition, all in picture language.
It is a remark made by a ghost in one of the plays which is best known. The line is often quote~i, so try and puzzle it out.
L(I.) I r ' ý ,' 'I" ý ý i . am . ý\ ý " ý ^ '\ v ý,"` -.ý ~ r
And now, before I begin to give the solu- tions and answers, I have a few words to say in reply to some of my little friends' letters..
I must thank all who wished me a pleasant Easter holiday. I really did get away from my school for a few days, and spent them on the coast of France. What do you think amused and puzzled me most? Why, to hear the little children all chattering away in French; I suppose it always will puzzle me. But then the cats and dogs talk French too, -at least they take no notice of you if you only call them " puss " or " doggie." If you say " bon chien" to a French dog, though, he will wag his tail, and I suppose he wags it in French. I have a little dog that really talks, for if you ask it what its name is, it answers "Rough !" quite plainly, and curiously enough " Rough " is its name. But I must get on with my letters. A little friend in Canada, was, I am sorry, too late with his answers, as I fear he always must be, he is so far away. He could not answer the " Puppet " charade, he says, be- cause he does not know what a Punch and Judy Show is, as there are none in Canada. Just fancy that, little English girls and boys ! If I only knew how to squeak properly I think I should be tempted to take a show over there. My little friends, Alice and Ethel, will be pleased to hear that several fellow-travellers in Puzzledom have echoed my wish that they may be happy and get on well in the school in Germany. One little boy suggests prizes, but I don't think they would increase your amusement, and they would very much increase my labours, and you will guess what they are when I tell you that my Puzzledom post-box con- tained fully four hundred letters this month. Somebody sent me several answers on a large sheet of white ruled paper-but signed no name ! I rather fancy that a version of "The Garden" was torn off the bottom at the last moment, and that the name went with it. By-the-way, though several of you like the rhyme puzzles, there are one or two terribly afraid of them. "Please don't give us many more rhymes to make," says one; " I have
been in an agony the whole evening. I know my verses are simply atrocious." But they were not, so try again, my friend ! Another boy says, "I am not sharp enough to do poetry good enough for you." But he is sharp enough in many things, and among many others has drawn my attention to a misprint in the solution of Acrostic E. in last month's number. The animal was a Pig, but you were told to "scratch its back and call it this,"-this being its " pet name," which I suppose you all know is " Tig." I wrote it " tig," but the printer altered it, perhaps thinking it was a slip of the pen. I have put to each puzzle this month, a letter, which should be quoted with each answer; and I hope my little friends will do. their best to keep the rules I gave in the March number. I should like, too, to have my little friends when they write, put the answers on a separate sheet of paper, because when I get a nice little letter I pop it into. my Puzzledom drawer, in which I have already quite a collection of tiny notes and kind words. Answers to be addressed:- " The Director of Puzzledom," GOOD THINGS Office, I2, Paternoster Row, London, E.C. Now I must say good-bye till next month, and give you the answers. SOLUTIONS. A.-Key-purr = Keeper. B.-Nuthatch. C.-Well in G., ton = Wellington. D.-Crew-sew = Crusoe. E.-Rob-inn-sun = Robinson. F.-Tie-man, tied-D, double-U, eight, four, No-man = Time and tide wait for no man. G.-Because he's not likely to catch it again. H.-Sea-air, (c-air), K-ill, D a cat = care killed a cat.
i.-Cam, Isis. " Men [Cam]e up to town," " [Is-I-s]ee as well." j.-King-Fisher. K.-Blind rhymes; crocodile, cataract, palm, Sheik, sand, sky, red, simoom, cara- van. L.-Blank rhyme ; see answers. M.-Frog-bit. A. Abon Hassan; J. W. Bentley; Kate and James Pickles; Buffalo; D. J. Pring; Patricia; George; A. Wilson; Mary Jane W. ; T. H. Crown; WV. L. Mathews; F. Grimsdale; S. Fenn; Mabel Woodhouse; The Graces: A. J. W. ; Mary and Willie Arber; Charlie and Percy Carryer; Florrie and Cis; Llewellyn; Edith Lack; Kitty Merry; G. B. B.; Herbert Dicksee; J. A. ; Ella and Missy; Mary and Charles Gleig; F. Leach: Honey Bee and Bunny; Granny; Char, Ina, and Lu; Dora Miller; Christina BlacDiarmid; Polly; Annie Braham; Tombstones; Mary and Annie Hornibrook ; W. J. T. ; Duthie; H. J. and F. G. Newbolt; Helen and Agnes Robinson; Three K's; J. B. Ross; Jeanie; Highfield; Douglas; Edith and Henry James; Dolly Ernshaw; Harry and Frank; Lily; Y. and Z. ; William Gellan; Marion and Clara Ingamells; Anti- gone; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Annie G.; Bourri and Tiny ; Winifred Evans; R. Stephenson; Lillie S.; Beatrice Nightin- gale: Hulla Bullugara; Two Redcar Girls; W. and F. Rvles; E. Woodburn; A. Grinling; Jane and Mary Stevenson ; I. S.; Ethel Portway; Lallie; Rosa F. Silletoe; Maggie Borland; Constance Gant; Kobie; A. E. Steinthal; May Davies; Hen- rietta Clay; W. Satchell: Katie and May; Edie Francie and Charlie; Darby Jack: W. H. Smith; Edic Sullivan; Fan; Marion Fox; L. Nicholls; Bacchi; Stultus; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe; Victoria; Mousie; Bertie Clark; Little Bo-peep; Maggie, John. and Archie; T. C. Hughes; 'Tita: Amy and Maggie; Pensde; Bertram and Amy; Jet; Jabberwock; Alag and Flo; A. Haileyburian; Amy Stephens; H. F. B. ; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor; Unknown Friend; Primrose; J. Waldey; W. and D. Shearer; H. G. and K. L. Broke; Herbert Pass; Tweedledum; Punch; Mary Henrietta: Hot-cross Bun; Jump- ing Jehoshophat; Violet; Toby; Ella; H. B. Jones; Rumple- stiltskin; Augustus Halle; Bubble and Squeak; Daisy; Cod- ling; Neddums and Bee; J. H, Hargrave; Badenscoth; F. C. Hall; William Sutherland; Two brothers; Edith Sheward; Katie Abbott; A. C. C.; F. E. E.: \largery; Bescvad; A. 1. T. L.; Les Chasseurs; Emily A. Begg; Pug; S. J. E. D.; Alice Humphreys; R. S. George; E. A. S.: Alfred Trimble; F. A. H.; W. G. Shellebear; Innes; W,. A. P.; Alice, Kate, and Mary; Dick; F. Baldwin; Spadger; J. and W. Thomp- son; J. and G. Macdonald; Mayflower; Agnes H.; Olivia Fitzmorris; Lilkens and Podge; J. K. F. Cleave: Butterfly; Jessie Robinson; Ethel Carrington; Walter Welford ; W. Bate; Punch No. 2 ; R. Henderson; Beatrice Baldwin; Marion Maud; Gipsy and Sunshine; J. M. Black; Leo and Ernest; Arthur Gertrude, and Frank Newham; Scamp; Ethel and Maud; Sloper; Effie and Ally; S. Champ; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac; Lenore; Mamie Brett; Annie and Bertha Taylor; Willie Sheppard; J. and J. Williamson; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibere; Mabel Walmsley; Arthur Hayward; Blanche Hayward; Emily Kate; John Gardener; Alice, Kitty, and Nellie; Nellie and Edith Stevens; G. A. Fenner; Thisbe; Marie Jackson. C. J. W. Bentley; Kate and James Pickles; Buffalo; D. J. Pring; George, J. A; A. Wilson: T. H. Brown; W. L. Mathews ; J. D. M'Clure; F. Grimadale.; Mabel Woodhouse : A. D ; The Graces ; Mary and Willie Arber ; Ellie ; Charlie and Percy Carryer; Florrie and Cis; Llewellyn; Nancy; M. E. W; True Blue; Blake; Ella and Missy; Mary and Charles Gleig ; Honey Bee and Bunny; Granny; Char, Ina, and Lu; Dora Miller; Christina Mac Dirmid ; Polly; Tombstones; Mary Hornibrook ; C. Hornibrook; Helen and Agnes Robinson Three K's ; J. B. Ross ; Jeanie ; Highfield ; Douglas; Edith Emily James; Dolly Erlshaw ; Harry and Frank; Lily; William Gellan; Plowden and H. Hudson; Antigone Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Y and Z : Annie G.; M. S. Bourri and Tiny; Winifred Evans ; Lillie S.; Hulla Bullugara; Two Redcar Girls; W. and F. Ryles; E. \Voodburn ; A. Grinling; Jane and Mary Stevenson; Ethel Portway; Lallie; Darby Jack; Rosa F. Sillitoe ; Maggie Borland ; Constance Gant ; A. E. Steinthal ; Mary Davies ; W. Satchell ; Henrietta Clay; Katie and May; Edie Francie and Charley; W. H. Smith Kobie; Edie Sullivan; Marion Fox ; L. Nicholls: Ilacchi; Stultus; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe: Victoria Mousie'; C. M. Favey; Bertie Clark ; Little Bo-peep ; Maggie John and Archie ; T. C. Hughes; Tita; Amy and Maggie; Pensse; Bertram and Amy; Jet; Jabberwock ; lag and Flo A. Haileyburian ; Amy Stephens; Aubrey and Beatrice; Primrose; VW. and D. Shearer; H. G. and K. L. Broke Tweedledum; Mary Henrietta ; Hot-cross Bun: Jumping Jehoshophat ; Maggy Hollis ; J. A. F. I ; Toby: Ella; H. B. Jones; T. Yule; Rumplestiltskin ; Bubble and Squeak : Daisy; Codling; Neddums and Bee; J. H. Hargrave; Badenscoth;
F. C. Hall; William Sutherland; Edith Sheward; Katie Abbott ; A. C. C; F. E. E ; Margery; Bescvad; A. M. T. L. Les Chasseurs ; Emily A. Begg; Pug ; E. A. S; S J. E. D. Alice Humphreys; Nina Clark; Alfred Trimble; W. G. Shellebear; Innes ; W.- A. P. ; Alice Kate and Mary ; F. Bald- win; G. A. Ballingall;' Spadger; J. and W. Thompson; May- flower; Olivia Fitzmorris ; Lilkens and Podge; Jessie Robinson; Butterfly ; Ethel Carrington; Walter Welford; W. Bate; R. Henderson; Silvia Baldwin ; F. S. Huskisson; Marion Maud; Gipsy and Sunshine; Steward Jobson; J. M. Black ; Leo and Ernest; Arthur Gertrude and Frank Newham ; Scamps; Ethel and Maud; Sloper; Effie and Ally; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac ; Lenore; Mamie Brett; Annie and Bertha Taylor; John Gardiner; Willie Sheppard ; J. and J. Williamson; Thedi, Daymosa, and Tibere ; Mabel Walmsley; Arthur Hayward; Thisbe ; Blanche Hayward; May Tatum; Alice Kitty and Nellie; Nellie and Edith Stevens; G. A. F. and W. C. P; Marie Jackson D. Abon Hassan; J. W. Bentley; Kate and James Pickles; Buffalo; D. J. Pring; Patricia ; George ; A. Wilson ; T..H. Brown; L. E. C. ; \'V. L. Mathews ; J. D. M'Clure; F. Grims- dale; S. Fenn ; Ellie ; Mabel Woodhouse; A. D. ; The Graces; A. J. W. ; Mary and Willie Arber ; Charlie and Percy Carryer ; Florrie and Cis ; Llewellyn ; Nancy; M. E. WV. C. J. Powell; G. B. B. ; Sardanapalus; Herbert Dicksee; Blake; A. Perks : J. A. ; Ella and Missy ; Telemachus ; Mary and Charles Gleig ; F. Leach ; Honey Bee and Bunny; Granny ; Char, Ina, and Lu ; Dora Miller ; Christina MacDiarmid Polly; Tombstones; Mary and Annie Hornibrook; Annie Braham; W. J. T. ; Duthie; H. J. and F. G. Newbolt; Helen and Agnes Robinson ; Three K's; J. B. Ross ; Jeanie; Highfield : Douglas; Edith and Henry James ; Dolly Ern- shaw; Dot: Harry and Frank; Lily; William Gellan; Plow- den and H. Hudson; Marion and Clara Ingamells; Antigone; V. and Z.: Lilian and Gertrude Kent ; Annie G. ; Bourri and Tiny ; Vinifred Evans : R. Stephenson; Lillie S.; Beatrice Nightingale; Hulla Bullugara; Two Redcar Girls ; W. and F. Ryles; E. \Voodburn; A. Grinling; Jane and Mary Steven- son; Lallie ; Ethel Portway; Rosa F. Sillitoe ; Maggie Bor- land ; Constance Gant: A. E. Steinthal; May Davies; Henri- etta Clay; W. Satchell; Katie and May; Edie Francie and Charlie; Darby Jack; Alec; W. H. Smith ; Kobie ; M. S.; Edie Sullivan; Marion Fox ; L. Nicholls ; Bacchi; Fan; Stultus ; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe; Victoria; MIousie; Ebenezer Hull; C. M. Favey; Bertie Clark ; Little Bo-peep; Maggie John and Archie; T. C. Hughes; Tita; Amy and Maggie; Pensde ; Bertram and Amy; Jet; Jabberwock ; Mag and Flo: A. Haileyburian; Amy Stevens; A. M. B. ; Aubrey and Beatrice; Unknown Friend; Primrose ; J. Waldey; \V. and D. Shearer; H. J. and K. L. Broke; Herbert Pass Tweedledum ; Punch ; Mary Henrietta ; Hot-cross Bun; JumpingJehoshophat ; Daisy; Marion Hollis; Francis Ashwitu J. A. F. M.: Toby; Ella; H. B. Jones ; L. S. D.; Bubble and Squeak ; Codling ; N. A. and B. F. -Halford; Neddums and Bee; J. H. Hargrave; Badenscoth; F. C. Hall; William Sutherland; Two Brothers; Edith Sheward ; Katie Abbot ; A. C. C. ; F. E. E. ; Margery; Bescvad; A. M. T. L. ; Les Chasseurs; Emily A. Begg; Pug; E. A. S.: S. J. E. 1).; Alice Humphreys ; R. S. Genge ; Nina Clark; Alfred Trimble; W. G. Shellebear; Innes; W. A. P. ; Alice Kate and Mary ; F. Baldwin; Dick; G. A. Ballingall ; Spadger; J. and WV. Thompson ; J. and G. Macdonald ; Mayflower; Agnes H.; Olivia Fitzmorris ; Lilkens and Podge ; J. K. F. Cleave ; Jessie Robinson ; Butterlly; Ethel Carrington ; Walter Welford ; WV. Bate; Punch No. 2; R. Henderson ; Silvia and Beatrice Bald- win ; Marion Maud; Gipsy and Sunshine; J. M. Black ; Leo and Ernest ; Arthur Frank and Gertrude Newham; L. F. Evelegh ; Scamp; Ethel and Maud ; Sloper; Effie and Ally ; S. Champ; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac; Lenore; Mlamie Brett; Annie and Bertha Taylor: Willie Sheppard; J. and J. Williamson ; Sandy Cadwallader ; Thedi, Daymora, and ''ibere; Mabel Walmsley : Arthur Hayward ; lBlanche Hayward ; May Tatum; Emily Kate; John Gardener; Thisbe; Alice Kitty and Nelly : Nellie and Edith Stevens; G. A. cenner; Marie Jackson; A. C. I. ; A. E. H. E. Abon Hassan; J. W. Bentley: Katie and James Pickles; Buffalo : D. . J.Pring ; Patricia ; George ; A. Wilson ; A. J. W.; T. H. Brown ; L. E. C. ; W. L. Mathews; J. D. M'Clure; F. Grimsdale ; Mabel Woodhouse; A. D. ; The Graces ; Mary and Willie Arber: Ellie ; Charlie and Percy Carryer; Florric and Cis; Llewellyn; Nancy; M. E. W. ; C. J. Powell; Sardanapalus; Herbert Dicksee ; Blake; A. Perks ; J. A.; Ella and Missy; Telemnachus ; Mary and Charles Gleig : F. Leach ; Honey Ilee and Bunny ; Granny: Char, Ina, and Lu; Dora Miller; Christina Mac Diarmid; Polly; Tombstones Mary and Annic Hornibrook ; W. J. T.; Duthie ; H. J. and F. G. Newbolt ; Helen and Agnes Robinson; Three K's ; J. B. Ross; Jeanie; Douglas; Lily; Edith and Henry James; Dolly Ernshaw ; Dot ; Antigone; Harry and Frank ; Willianm (;ellan ; Y. and Z. ; Plowden and H. Hudson; IMarion and Clara Ingamells ; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; AnnieG. l lurrie and Tiny ; Winifred Evans ; R. Stephenson ; Lillie S ; Hulla Bullugara; sTwo Redcar Girls; W. and F. Ryles; E. Wood- burnc ; A. Grinling ; Ethel Portway ; Jane and Mary Stevenson;
Laliic; I)arby Jack : Rosa '. Sillitoc; Maggie Blorland; CLonstance CGant; A. E. Steinthal; May Davies; Henrietta Clay ; W. Satcheil Katie and May ; Edie Francie and Charlie; Alec ; W. H. Smith; Kobic; M. S.; Edie Sullivan; Marion Fox; .. Nicholls; Bacchi; Fan: Stultus ; Amy Cartwright; Lena Victe; Victoria ; Mousie; Ebenezer Hull; C. M. Favey; Bertie Clark : Little Bo-peep; MIaggieJoihn and Archie; T. C. Hughes ; ita ; Anmyand Maggie: Penstee; Bertram aud Amy; Jet; Jabberwock ; Mag and Flo ; A. Haileyburian; Amy Stephens : A. M. B. ; Aubrey and Beatrice; Unknown Friend; Prinroue; J. Waldey; W. and D. Shearer; H. J. and K. L. Broke; Tweedledunm; Mary Henrietta; Hot-cross Bun; Jumping Jehoshophat; Marion Hollis; Francis Ashwin; J. A. F. I. ; Toby; Ella; H. B. Jon.es; I. .. D.; Bubble and Squeak; N. A. and B. F. Halford : Daisy; Codling; Neddums and Bee; J. H. Hargravc ; Badenscoth ; F. C. Hall ; William Sutherland; Two brothers ; Katie Abbott; Edith Sheward ; A. C. C.: F. EE. ; Margery ; Bescvad; A. \i. L. L.; Les Chasseurs ; Emily A. Begg; Pug : S. J. E. D. ; R. S. George ; Alice Humphreys; E. A. S.; Nina Clark; Alfred Trimble; W\. G. Shellebear; Inncs; W. A. P.: Alice Kate and Mary F. Baldwin ; Dick; G. A. Ballingall; Spadger ; J. and W. 'IThompson; J. and G. Macdonald : Mayflower; Agnes H.; Lilkens and Podge; Olivia Fitzmorris ; J. K. F. Cleave; Jessie Robinson; Butterfly ; Marion Maud ; Ethel Carrington ; Walter \Velford; W. Bate ; Punch No. 2; R. Henderson ; Gipsy and Sunshimne: J M. . Black ; I.eo and Ernest ; Arthur, Gertrude, and Frank Newham ; L. F. Evelegh Scamp ; Ethel and Maud; Sloper : Effie and Ally ; S. Champ ; Edith Harris ; Jeanne du Ilac ; I.enore ; Mamie Brett ; Annie and Bertha Taylor; Willie Sheppard : J. and J. Williamson ; Sandy Cadwallader ; Arthur Hayward ; 'I'hedi, Daymnora. and I'iberc ; mily Kate ; Mlbel \Valtusley ; Bla:che Hayward lhn u (.rdcncr ; Alice, Kitty, and Neltie; Nellie and Edith Stephcn (; G. A. Fenicner; Thi be ; Mlarie jackson; A. C. 11.; A. E. H. F. ,nuffalo; Patricia; A. WVil ,n: W. .I. Maithea s; A. i. Al. F. W : R1osalie K.; George : F. Grinisdale ; The (;races; Blake ; Mary and Willie Arber Charlie and Percy Carrycr; Flurrie and Cis ; Llewellyn ; Ella and Missy ; Mary and Charles Gleig ; Honey Bee and Bunnv ; Granny ; Char, I na, and Lu; Dora .Miller; Christina MacDliarmid; H. i. and F. (;. Newbolt ; Hlighfield ; Edith and Henry James ; Dolly Ernshaw : Harry and Frank ; Lily; William (;ell:m; Plowden and H. Hudson : Antigone: Lilian and Gertrude Kent; BHunrri and inyl, Winifred Evans ; R. Stephenson; AI. S ; Hulla Bullu- gara : 'iTwo Redcar Girls ; WV. and F. Ryles; I. Woodburn ; A. (;rinling : Jane and Mary Ste\enson : Ethel Prtway ; Rosa F. Sillitoe; Maggie Horland ; Constance (Gant; A. E. Steinthal: Katie and May ; W. H. Smith ; Kobie ; -acchi ; Eddie Sullivan ; Fan ; Amy Cartwright ; Lena AVicte; Victoria ; Mousie ; little Bo-peep; Maggie, John and Archie; T. C. Hughes; Tita; Amy and Maggie ; Pensde ; et : Jabberwock ; Hlag and Flu A. Haileybuirian ; Amy Stephens: Aubrey and Beatrice : Primrose; W. and D. Shearer: H. J. and K. I. Broke; Tweedledum : Mary Henrietta: Hot-cross Bun ; Jumping Jehoshophat ; Marion Hollis ; J. A. F. M : Tobyy; Ella ; H. H. Jones; L. S. D. ; Bubble and Squeak ; N. A. and II. F. Hal- ford ; )aisy ; Nedduims and Bee : J. H. Hargrave ; Baden- scth; Edith Sheward; IKatie Abbott; A. C. C; F. IE. E; I3esc\ad ; As. An. T. L ; Les Chasseurs ; Emily A. llegg; Pug S. J. E. D.; Alice Humphrevs: R. S. (;eorge: E. A. S Nina Clark ; Alfred T'ritmble ; I:nes : W\. . P ; Alice Kate and Mary; F. Baldwin ; Spadger.; . and W. Thompson ; May- lower; Olivia Fitzmurris; Jessic Robinson ; Butterfly; WaVlter Welford; W\. ate; Marion Maud : Leo and Ernest; Arthur Frank and Gertrude Newhamt: Scamp ; Ethel and Maud: Sloper ; Effie and Ally ; Edith Harris : Ienore ; lamie Irett: 1Blanche Hayward ; Annie and Bertha Taylor ; Willie Shel,iard; J. and J. \Villiam.son ; Mabel \\Xaliusley; Thedi, I)aymora, nid 'l'ibere ; Arthur Hayward ; Enmily Kate ; John Gardener: Alice Kitty and Nellie ; Nellie and Edith Stevens ; Thisbe; A. E. 11. G. Patricia : Rosalie K.: I;erge : A. Wilson; W. 1.. Mathews; Mary and Willie Artier : I.awrcnce Dicksee: . ily ; . ;rinling;Lallie; A. r . Steinthal ; May Davies ; W. Satchell Alec ; W. H. Smith; Kobie: M Al. S.; Bacchi; Fa ; C. Al. Favey; Tita; Jet; Jabber:rock : Mag and Flo: A. Haile\- hurian ; Amy Stephens; W. and D. Shearer; H. J. and K. i,. Broke ; Tweedledum ; Ioly ; H. B. Jones : Neddums and B ee; Bescvad; Olivia Fit .ntrris: Pug; Alfred 'Trimble Innes ; v. A. P. ; Ethel Carriugth n ; Ethel and Maud ; Sloper L.e.ore : ilamie lirett.; Willi.- Sheplard : J. td J. \Villi .miiuti. Alice, Kitty, and Nellic. H. Buffalo; A. Wilson; WV. I. Mathewsa; F. Grimudale \Mabel Woodhouse ; A. D. ; Mary and Willie Arber ; Charlie and Percy Carryer ; Florrie and Cis; Ilewellyn ; BIlake ; Ella irtd Missy ; Granny ; Char, Ina, an.d LIi ; Dora Miller; Harry- and Frank ; William Gellan ; Antigtne : ioun-i and Tiny : Iiliatl and Gertrude Kent; Winifred Evans ; Two Redcar Girls; VW. and F. Ryles ; A. Grinling; Jane and Mary Stevenson ; Maggie BIurland ;: A. E. Steintltal ; X '. Satchell ; Katie and May: Kobie; M. S. : Eddie Sullivan ; Bacchi; Maggie, Jolhn, and Archie ; 1. C. Hughes; Bertram and Amy : Jet ; Jabberwock; \lag and Flu ; A. Haileyburian ; Amy Stephens ; Aubrey and
Beatrice; Primrose; W. and i). Shearer; Toby ; H. J. and K. L. Broke ; Tweedledum; Nlary Henrietta: Junping J,. hoshophat; Ella; Bubble and Squeak; N.A. and B. F. Halford Daisy ; Neddums and Bee; Edith Sheward ; F. E. E.: A. i: T'. 1. ; Olivia Fitzmorris ; Emily A. Begg ; Pug; R. S. George Nina Clark ; Alfred Trimble ; Innes ; W. A. P. :; Alice, Kate, and Mary ; F. Baldwin ; Jessie Robinson ; Punch No. 2; Marion Maud ; Arthur, Gertrude, and Frank Newham ; Scamp Ethel and Maud; Sloper ; Effie and Ally ; Edith Harris Lenore; Mamie Brett ; Willie Sheppard; J. and I. Williamson Thedi, I )aymora, and Tibere : Emily Kate ; Mabel Walmsle Arthur Hayward ; Blanche Hayward. I. Abon Hassan; D. J. Pring; G;eorge; A. Wilson; F. H. Brown ; F. Grimsdale ; S. Fenn ; abel Woodhouse; A. D. ; The Graces; A. J. W. ; Mary and Willie Arber ; Ellie; Charlie and Percy Carryer : Florrie and Cis ; Llewellyn ; Edith Lack 31. H. W. ; C. J. Powell ; (. B. B. ; Herbert Dicksee: True Blue ; Blake ; A. Perks ; Flla and Missy; Telemachus; Mary and Charles Gleig; F. l.each : Honey Bee and Bunny; Polly; Char, Ina, and Lu ; D)ora .\iller: Christina MDacDiarmlidn Tombstones ; Annie Braham; W. J. T. ; H. J. and F. G. New bolt; J. B. Ross ; Jeanie ; Douglas ; Edith and Henry James; Dolly Ernshaw ; Dot; Harry and Frank ; Lily; William (;el- lan ; Theodora ; Plowden and H. Hudson ; Marion and Clara Ingamells ; Antigone : Y. and Z. ; Lilian and Gertrude Kent ; Annie G. ; Bourri and Tiny ; Winifred Evans ; Katie and May Hulla lulluugara; Two Redcar Girls ; W. and T. Ryles: E. WVoodburn; A. Grinling ; Ethel Portway: Jane and Mary Stevenson ; Lallie ; Maggie Borland ; Constance (;ant; A. E. Steinthal; May Davies; Henrietta Clay.: W. Satchell ; Derb- Jack: Alec; W. H. Smith : Kobie; ,l. S. : Eddie Sullivan: Jacchi; Fan ; Stultus : C. 31. Favez ; lertie Clark ; Little B1;-peep; Tita; Maggie, John, and Archie; Amyand Maggie; I'ensee; Bertram and Amny ; let; Jabberwock ; Nlag and I'll: A. Haileyburian : Amy Stephens ; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor; Unknown Friend ; Primrose ; W. and D. Shearer; ob'y; H. J. and K. I.. Broke; Mary Henrietta; Hot-cros. Bun ; Jumping Jehoshophat: Hoguin; Francis Ashwin; J. A. F. 1. ; Ella ; H. B. Jones ; Bubble and Squeak ; Daisy ; Cod- lihg; Neddums and Bee ; TIno brother. ; Edith Sheward: Katie Abbott; A. C. C. ; F. E . ; lMargery : i;escvad; A. l1. T. IL.; Les Chaussers; Emily A. Begg:; Pug ; S. J. E. D.I R. S. George; .Nina Clark ; Alfred lrimuble ; W. G. Shellebear; Junes; W. A. P.; Alice, Kate, and Mary; F. Baldwin; Spadger; J. and W. Thompson; J. and G. Macdonald; May- flower; Agnes H.; Olivia Fitznmurris ; Jessie Robinson; Walter Welford ; W. Bate ; Marion Maud ; J. ,M. Black; Gipsy and Sunshine; Stewart Jobson ; Arthur, Frank, and Gertrude New- ham ; I. F. Eveley ; Scamp ; Ethel and lMaud ; Sloper; Effie and Ally; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac; Lenore; Mamie Brett; Annie and Bertha Taylor; Willie Sheppard; J. and J. Williamson; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibere; Mabel Walmsley: Arthur Hayward ; Blanche Hayvard ; Emily Kate; John Gardener; Alice, Kitty, and Nellie; Nellie and Edith Stevens; G. A. H.; W. C. P. ; Marie Jacksun. J. .\hon Hassan: 1. W. Ientley: Kate :and Janmes Picklet : HBuffalo; D. J. Pring; Patricia; George: T. H. Brown; L. IE. C.; A. D. ; Rosalie K.; A. Wilson ; W. L. Mathews; J. 1). I'Clure; F. Grimsdale; S. Fenn; Mabel Woodhouse: The G(races; A. J. \V.: Mary and Willie Arber; Ellie; Charlie and Percy Carryer; Florrie and Cis; Edith Iack; Kitty Merry; _Nancy; M. E. FW.; C. J. Powell; Alice and Ethel H. ; Sarda- napulus; True Blue; Blake; J. A.; Ella arid issy; Mary and Charles (;leig; Polly; F. Leach; Jessie Smith; Honey Bee and Bunnuy; Granny; Char, Ina, and Lu ; Dora Miller: Christina Al:tcDiarmnid; ITombstones; Mary and Annie Hornibrook; L. Hornibrook; Annie Brahln ; \V. J. T.; Duthie: H. J. and F. ;. Newbolt; Helen and Agnes Robinson; Three K's; J. I. Ross; Jeanie; Hightield; Douglas; Edith and Henry James; Lily; Dolly Ernshaw; Harry and Frank; William Cellan; lThieodora; I'lowden and H. Hudson; Antigone; Arthur Inga- mells; Lilian and Gertrude Kent; Y. and Z. ; Annie G.; Bourn and Tiny; Lillie S.; Winifred Evans; R. Stephenson; Lallie; lIeatrice Nightingale: Hulla Bullugara; Two Redcar Girls; W. and F. Ryles; E. Woodburn; A. Grinling; Jane and Mary Stevenson; May Davies; Ethel Portway; Rosa F. Sillitoe: Maggie Borland; Constance GCnt; A. E. Steinthal; Katie and May; Henrietta Clay; W. Satchell; Darby lack; Edie, Francie, and Charlie; Alec; \V. H. Smith ; K;ibie; M. S Edie Sullivan ; Marion Fox; L. Nicholls; Hacchi; Fan; Stultus; Anmy Cartwright; Lena Victe; Victria; lousie: C. M. Favey; Bertie Clark; Tita; Little Bo-peep: laggie, John, and Archie; Amny and Maggie; Pensde; ltertram and Amy; Jet; Jabberwock; Alag and Flo; A. Haileyburian: Amy Stephens ; Aubrey and Beatrice; Unknown Friend : Primrose ; J. Waldey ; \\'W. and 1). Shearer : Punch ; H. J. and K. I. Broke ; Harry Marshall ; Toby ; Tweedledum ; Mar\ Henrietta; Hot-cross Bun; Jumping Jehoshiophlat; Marion Hollis; J. A. F. 1 ; Ella ; H. B. Jones: T. Yule ; Rumplestilt- skin ; ,. S. D); Bubble and Squeak ; N. A. and I. F. Halford Daisy; Neddums and Bee; J. H. Hargrave ; F.'. H. Hall ; Tw,, brothers ; Edith Sheward; Katie Abbohtt :; S1I. E. ; Margery; Bescvad A. A . L. T. ; l.es Chasseutrs; IEmily A. begg : Pug ; Alice Humphreys; H. ,S. (;enge; Nina ('lark: Alfred 'rimble; \V. G. Shellebear; Itmes ; W. A. I'.; Alice, Kate and Mary; F.
Baldcwin; G. A. Ballingall; Spadger; J. and W. Thompson; J. and G. Macdonald; Mayflower; Agnes H.; Olivia Fitzmnorris; Jessie Robinson; Butterfly; W. Bate; Ethel Carrington; Walter Welford; Punch No. 2; R. Henderson; Frank Bald- win; F. S. Huskisson; Marion Maud; Gipsy and Sunshine; Stewart Jobson ; J. M. Black; Leo and Ernest; Arthur, Ger- trude and Frank Newham; Scamp; Ethel and Maud; Sloper; Gfie and Ally; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac; Lenore; Ma- imie Brett; Annie and Bertha Taylor; Willie Sheppard; J. and J. Williamson; Sandy Cadwallader; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibere; May Tatum ; Mabel Walmnsley; Arthur Hayward; Blanche Hayward; Emily Kate; John Gardener; Alice, Kitty and Nellie; Nellie and Edith Stevens; G. A. F. and WV. C. P; Thisbe; Marie Jackson. K. Amelia Suermondt ; Abon Hassan ; J. W. Bentley; Buffalo; D. J.. Pring; Patricia; A. Wilson ; Mary Jane VW.; M. E. W.; Rosalie K.; W. L. Mlathews; F. Grimsdale; S. Fenn ; Mary and Willie Arber; Charlie and Percy Carryer; .lewellyn; Alice and Ethel H.; G. B. B. ; Sardanapalus ; J. A. ; Ella and Missy; Mary and Charles Gleig ; Granny; Dora Miller; Christina Mac Diarmid; Polly ; 'lotubstones ; W. J. T.: Annie Braham ; Duthie; H. J. and F. G. Newbolt; Lily; 'Three K.'s; J. B. Ross ; Jeanie ; Douglas ; Dot ; Edith and Henry James; Harry and Frank ; Antigone ; William Gellan; 'Theodora, Plowden and H. Hudson ; Marion Ingamells ; Lilian mnd Gertrude Kent ; Y. and Z. ; Annie G. ; IBourri and Tiny; Winifred Evans; Lillie S. ; Hulla Bullugara ; W. and F. Rvyles ; A. Grinling ; Jane and Mary Stevenson ; Lallie ; Ethel Portway ; Rosa F. Sillitoe; A. E. Steinthal ; May Davies; Henrietta Clay; W. Satchell: Katie and May ; Edie Francie ad Charlie ; Alec ; Maud Bawtrce ; Kobie : M. S. ; Edie Sul- ivan ; Marion Fox ; L. Nicholl ; Bacchi : Stultus ; Lizzie lM. .. C.: C. Ml. Favey; Bertie Clark ; Amy and Maggie ; Ber- rant and Amy; Jet; Jabberwock ; Mag and Flo; A. Hailey- ourian ; Amy Stephens; Aubrey and Beatrice ; Toby ; Unknown iFriend; J. Waldey ; W. and D. Shearer ; H. J. and K. L. !:roke; Mary Henrietta; Hot-cross Bun ; Jumping Jehoshophat Venus ; Frances Ashwin ; J. A. . . . ; L. S. D.; Bubble and :Squeak ; Daisy; N. A. and I. F. Halford ; Codling; F. C. Hall ; J. H. Hargrave ; Two Brothers; Edith Sheward ; Katie lbbott; A. E. Clapperton : A. C. C. ; A. J. W. ; F. E. E.; Margery; Bescvad ; A. di. T. I. ; Emily A. Begg; Pry ; S. J. E. D. ; Alice Humphreys ; W. Bate :; R. S. Genge ; E. A. S.; Alfred Trimble; W. G. Shellebear; Innes; XW. A. P. ; Alice, Kate, and Mary; F. Baldwin; J. and W. Thompson ; J. and U. Macdonald; Mayflower; Agnes H. ; Butterfly; Olivia Fitzmorris ; Walter Welford : Silvia and Frank Balwin ; Marion .laud ; Gipsy and Sunshine ; Stewart Jobson ; J. M. Black; Arthur, Gertrude, and Frank Newhami; L. F. Evelegh ; Ethel and Maud; Sloper; S. Champ; Edith Harris; Jeanne du Lac ; Willie Sheppard ; Arthur Hayward ; Blanche Hayward; \lay Tatum ; Emily Kate ; Thisbe : John Gardener ; Alice, Kitty, and Nellie ; Nellie and Edith Stevens ; Marie Jackson: G. A. Fenner. L. I am very pleased to find so many of my little playfellows have attempted Blank Rhymes, and have been more or less suc- cessful. I must give the palm to Winifred Sullivan, whose verse I print as I pro- mised :- A GARDEN. 'Neath changeful skies an early rose Looks shyly from its nest of green; All brown and bare the garden shows, No tender flow'r-light yet is seen. The spiced carnation, feathery pink, Will spread ere long their painted leaves, And flecks of sunny light will wink Through scented shade that sunmmer weaves.
]int all the treasures of the fern, Of starry jasmine, arums fair Each blooming in its gracious turn Than this first ruse will seem Ices rare. Please, little people, note that the epithets here are all carefully chosen, and that a common design unites the three verses. One of my correspondents says " wink " was such a difficult word to get in. Well, I admit I put it in on purpose to give you something to exercise your ingenuity. Winifred has succeeded capitally in over- coming the difficulty. I must divide the other answers into three classes, and add a few "honourable mentions." ist Class: -S. F. James: J. M. Black : Blanche llaiyward Lallie ; W. A. P. ; Tweedledum ; A. E. H.: Granny ; Marie Jackson; Emily Kate. 2nd Class: - I acchi ; Alice; Mlabel Walmsley : Mlabl Woodhouse : Amelia Suermondt; Ethel and .Maude. 3rd Class:-W. H. Smith: -May and Flu; Clara Ingamell : lnescvad; Jet: ; enore; Lillie; Jeanne du Lac; Honeyhec and Bunny ; Kolie. Commended :-Jabberwock; Mary Henrietta; Unknoin it Friend; Thi.hbe A. M. J. L.: Honoria Woolley ; J. and .1. Williamson : Two Redcar Girls; Constance (;ant : ullulti: Spadger : Mary and Willie Arblr: Stewart Jobson : Annie (.: and I will add Beatrice Nightingale, because her idea is quaint and original if a little defective in execution. There is one young lady whose last lines are- While lily of the valley fair Hangs her white bells of sweetness rare. Unfortunately she has not, as I asked, put her name on each separate sheet of answers, and the verses have become detached from her letter, and so I don't know how to put her, as I should like, in the Ist Class. M. J. W. Bentley: Patricia A. Wilson; W. L. Mathew-: F. Grimsdale ; Mabel Woodhouse ; A. J. W. ; Mary and Willie Arber; Florrie and Cis ; G. B. B.; Honeybee and Bunny: Char, Ina, and Lu : Christina Mac Diarmid; Douglas : Lily; Lallie ; Plowden and H. Hudson ; Bourri and Tiny ; L. E. C.: W. and F. Ryles; Jane and Mary Stevenson : Ilacchi; Ethel Portway; Maggie Borland; Bertie Clark ; Constance Gant: Katie and May ; T. C. Hughes; Amy and Maggie:; ertram and Amy ; Jet ; Jabhberwock : Mag and Flo ; A. Haileyburian; Amy Stephens; Aubrey and Beatrice ; Toby; H. J. and K. I.. Broke ; Tweedledum ; Jumping Jehoshophat ; H. J. and Il. F. Halford; F. C. Hall ; F. E. E. ; Pug : Alfred Trimble: WV. ;. Shellebear; Innes W. A. P. ; F. Baldwin ; Spadger : .May- flower ; Agnes H. Walter Welford ; Punch No. 2: ; I:ri.im Maud; Gipsy and Sunshine ; Sloper; Effie and Ally : :Edith Harris : leanne du Lac : Arthur Havward ; Thedi. Daynxura. and T'ibere ; Emily Kate; h;lanclhe Hayward ; Jrohn (; rlcnc : I.illie.