PUZZLE PAGES.
HERE was a fairy castle that stood beside the sea, Where a princess was imprisoned, the fairest that might be; The lovely curling tresses that to her foot fell down Had stolen the golden gleaming of her jewel-studded crown. Her teeth her pearls outrivalled, her eyes eclipsed the sheen Of the pair of priceless diamonds upon her girdle seen; And all vowed that such a maiden the world might never see As that princess long imprisoned in the castle by the sea. My first, a milky opal, adorned her finger slim, S While in the centre quivered a tongue of red fire dim. At night she loosed her bracelets, her chains of pearl and gold, Unclasped the diamond girdle that did her waist enfold, And let her glorious ringlets flow in their beauty down, While on its velvet cushion she laid aside her crown. But night or day my jewelledfirst might never severed be From that maiden's fairy finger in that palace by the sea. One morn the gilded lattice was opened for the air, And gazing sadly o'er the sea reclined the princess fair; She heard a soft, low murmur, a rush of gentle wings, Lo I on her lifted finger my second lights and. clings ! It turned its beak of ivory close to her pearly ear, And the golden hair veiled both of them as she bent down to hear; But softer, sweeter, brighter, my second could not be Than that fair and gentle princess in the castle by the sea. That night her maidens missed her, and sought her everywhere, But only found upon the ground her wealth of golden hair, And myfirst, but all the milky hue was turned to ashen grey, And the little tongue of fire from out its heart had passed away. Some say at dusky twilight my second seemed to glide Away upon the quiet air with another at his side. That (being fairy times), since then, their memory to enshrine, Still round my wlole's most graceful neck myfirst is seen to twine. I cannot solve the mystery, but of this most certain be, That fairy tower is hidden now in mist-wreaths from the sea. 415.-CHARADE.
My second sweepeth clean, 'tis said, When new ; but housewives say That 'tis no good when constant use Hath worn its strength away.
Ah, lazy son, your algebra You've very badly reckoned; My first shall point my whole for you In likeness of my second.
416.-WANTED-A ItHYME. I'm a substance metallic called . . . B. seeks me by means called a .... C. makes me a centre called .... F. brings me in front saying .... G. bathes me in blood, crying .... L. gathers up knowledge called .... A[., insatiate, petitions for .... N. placed in the Thames dubs me .... P, pervades all your skin as a .... S. an unpleasant wound called a .... T. past tense of a rending verb .... While W. makes our wear .... Y. the old time long past, christened .... Don't you wish that my puzzle was ... . Your ruffled repose to rest .. . I'll just vex your patience no ... 417.-ENIGMA. I am such an indispensable part of your being that a mortal creature cannot exist without me. Yet I am not exclusively of an animal nature, for the earth owns me as well. I am to be met with at Vesuvius and Etna, only you would never be able to approach near enough to see me. So you must look for me in rivers, where you will always discover me (just where you will not find me in the animal kingdom), the farthest from the head. I dwell in all caves of the earth, and in all pits, whether of coal or ore. Not even a cannon is made without me, for I am where men seek the "bubble reputation." I am large and long in the shark and alligator, small in the crab and caterpillar, deep and wide in jar and jug, long and elliptic in the human race, round in the ray and the skate, and triangular in the leech. With all the animal race I am movable, generally noisy, and can open or close at will, but in inanimate nature I am generally noiseless and perpetually open. I dwelt in Venice, and through my means the secret messages to the Inquisition passed ! I was in Egypt with Memnon, making music when the sun touched me. In short, if the eyes are called the windows of the soul, I may be very justly considered as its portal. 418.-CHARADE. MIy frst of my wleole is a portion, Very dark brown and small; In a pack of cards you will see it, If you look for it at all. lMy second's a useful device For fastening apron or gown ; It takes ten men to make one, But we carelessly fling one down. My ahole is a fruit so pleasant, To a king it gave its name. Im sure you say, when you taste it, It deserved its royal fame.
419.-THE SPHINX'S SUPPER. A large party of friends spent the evening with me last week, and we had a very sociable gathering. Trays were handed round with two-thirds of a box in comfort, for my guests to drink, accompanied by plates of a slice of the desert between two beverages, to eat, unless they preferred three-parts of a fur attached to some bits of a fish. They amused themselves with dancing, singing, and conver- sation, till supper-time, when the following repast was spread before them:-Atl the head of the table was an insect with a consonant for a tail, and at the foot disgrace beheaded and curtailed. There were three dishes of fish; namely, single blessedness, the past tense of a scent, and three-parts of a drama con- gealed. There were two vegetables, spider's work with three-parts of a pain, and three- fourths of a Mahometan served up with a pinch. The sweets consisted of a Chinese herb dressed with a national weapon, a decapi- tated shriek, gusts of wind, the diminu- tive staff of life, and a dish of a bygone dandy. Rotatory tumbles were served by each plate, and the beverages were a joke and half a gossip, and the head of a sprat and most part of a Thames boat. My friends expressed themselves highly delighted with the fare and their entertainment. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 381. Fair-eyes-Fairies. 382. Ann. 383. Manslaughter-Man's laughter. 384. "A man convinced against his swill." 385. Because it is a Dutch plaice (place). 386. As well as can be expected (a swell as can be expected). 387. Her-ring (herring). 388. When she dresses the hare (hair). 389. A nice scream (an ice cream). 390. Dears talking (deerstalking). 391. His nose (his snows). 392. When he says A-men. 393. One rights a great wrong, and the other writes a little wrong. 394. When several tumblers full of spirits are just introduced. 395. Pork sausages (pork saw sages). 396. King's Cross. 397. What's in an aim ? 398. A little tart and cust-ard. 399. A letter. 400. Artillery-place (plaice). 401. Bar-maid. 402. "Now for a good lick 1" 403. Cart-ridge.
420.-FOUR PICTURED PARTICIPLES. 421 ENIGMAI 421.-.ENIGMA.
I wave o'er mast, and fort, and tower, O'er royal home, from island bower; I'm known and feared o'er land and wave, The hope of freedom to the slave I Yet changed to stone behold me-I Oft 'neath your foot am made to lie.
Sometimes my home is in the stream, Where my gay yellow blossoms gleam. When dried, my withered form they tale, And into mats and baskets make. Four letters mine; cut off my head, Loitering and slow becomes my tread,
422.-POETICAL PUZZLE. P 1LII L CtOI __ ALPHABETICAL CONUNDIRUMS.
423. Why is the ballad of Cock Robin's death like the letter C ? 424. Why are A, E, and U the handsomest of the vowels ? 425. Why is the letteL li tn' i.tioner ?
426. W'hy should Volunteers especially dISo the letter'T ? . 47 427. When you spend the evening out, cannot you make your appearance before sauppe time ? orroo O o 428. Why is the letter C like a geneou