PUZZLE PAGES.
284.-LORD DUNDREARY'S "LATHT WIDDLE." Y firthLt ith-weally I- let me thee, I fanthy tith my the- cond; And yetmy wole with- out myfirtltt, Would uthleth quite be weckoned. My firltht'th a pwetty little thing, Thath blue, thewene, and thunny, That.makth a hole in fellahs' hearthth, In thpite of wank and money. My thTecond-no-yeth. --I'm quite thure - Thith time I'm thay- ing wightly- Within my thecond'th ample wound The gwape-juith thparkleth bwightly I Ath bwightly ath my deareth'thfirtht, Whenever I am talking; My whole athithth me to dethcwy, Ath by her thide I'm walking. My wshole enableth me to wead My bwother Tham'th latht letter; And ith, in fact, my thecond (thight), My frtht itthelf not better I Tho let my thecond thircle wound, And raithe our thpirith weary, A toatht I'll thecond, if you pleathe To athk for Lord Dundreary. 285.-ENIGMA. I was sitting idlyin my study, before a blazing fire, about anhour before dinner, when, accord- ing to my physician's directions, I rang the bell and ordered my tonic (1). " Yes, sir," answered my old and very valued servant, who had been my cellarman (2) for years; "how do you find yourself, sir?" "Very well, I thank you, John," replied I; " except for a slight pain in my brow (3), I was never better." "I'm glad of it, sir," he answered, " for Dick is very anxious to know when you intend to resume the chase (4)." "Next week, Ihope," said I, "and I hope my old-fashioned body (5) is ready for me to wear." " Ay, ay, sir," replied John,
"but 'tis looking terrible whitish.blasek the seams." " Never mind, John," as' "'tis an old friend. And what's Banna for my dinner ?" " She has got a leg of y mutton (7), sir," he replied. "Then tell h cook it in hot water (8)," said I; "and e not to forget that I like a slice of dried pork (9) afterwards; and above all thing her be quick (10) about it. Just mentionto by the way, that the shrimp sauce yesto was rather husky (11)." " Yes, sir," anse faithful John, closing the door. "And a said I, poking the cheery fire, "I don't even Pio Nono (12) himself, with such ad awaiting me, a cosy chair, a good fire, twelve good authors whom I have already tioned to keep me company." 286.-CHARADE. There were two that wandered out one nigh On the hard, wet sand, the ribbed sea-san The moon was shining calm and bright, And myfirst and its brothers lent their ligh And shed it over the land. He whispered low in her willing ear, As they walked on the sand, the hard, sand- "Your sweet eyes are as bright, my dear, As my first, in heaven, which shineth clear, Where the lamps of the blue sky stand." He whispered low as low could be, As they wandered along the hard, wet sa "As my second loves the deep, deep sea, I love you, sweet-do you love me? Will you plight your little hand ? "As myfirst is true to yon dark blue shy," He said, as they traversed the wet ri sand; " As my second apart from the sea would di Away from your presence, darling, should So give me at once your handl" She murmured "Yes;" and her small stole Into his as they went o'er the hard, wet s But the fates were averse, for they got are O'er a bit of rock, and she found my whole Was crawling close at hand. neORAL. So lovers take heed as you walk by the tide, On the hard, wet sand, the moonlit sand, Give rocks and boulders a widish berth, For it is not pleasant to kiss the earth Where my whole crawls close at hand.
. 7,-DOUBLE AICROSTIC. SThe purest bloom that; greets a. bright May sky; With mean excuse to put a question by; SThe spot where many a dauntless, spirit fled; SThe man whose pills survive though he is dead. Wo all these letters in their order due; en tremble, youth I for, clear revealed to you, hisfatal epoch to mankind will show. he perils bachelors must undergo. 288.-CHARADE'. Old lunks is in sorrow, old Hunks is quite ill, Bt he grudges the money for.draught.ani'fbr pill, So he shivers and shakes in his bare, scanty bed, sith aches in his limbs and a pain in his head, Until by degrees he becomes so much worse, sat with grievous complainings he sends for. the nurse. Dame Deborah comes, and she rouses his ire, For her earliest work is to light a good fire; Then she calmly proceeds to brew plenty of tea, and to make buttered toast, which it grieves him to see. Bat in vain doth he grumble, snarl, chatter, and scold, for disease is triumphant, and Hunks is grown old; Too feeble to lift himself up in his bed, With thin, failing limbs, and a weak, swimming head. Dame Deborah then she her duties up reckoned, hnd very serenely sat down to my second. ahta neighbour drops in when poor Hunks is at worst, Ad, shaking her head, she declares it myfirst. 'So it is !" says the dame; "and Heaven rest his poor soul ! Prwrithin this half-hour I have just heard my dole !" 'Dearme I" cries the neighbour, " hiss moments are reckoned, S0,dame, pray allownme to share in myseconda;. For my first mustbenear if my whole you have heard. fllbide a bit with you,.pray don't say, aword l" Then the gossips sitb:down to their chat, toast, and tea ; Bnks groans and' grows weaker; as bade as may be, Till at last, when the daylight doth dawn in the skies, Itrns an his side with a shudder-and dies Then they whisper, "My whole pretty surely has reckoned, hen my first puts an'end to the time of my fecond,"
289.-HISTORICAL EN]GMA. A beautiful region in Greece, Which was famous in pastoral song; Its natives were said to love peace, And the pleasures which to it belong. Now find out the names here below, Then from them the first letters take; And, when you write them down so, The answer they truly will make. I. The mountains which Hannibal crossed; 2. One who founded.a powerful state; 3. A battle which by Rome was lost; 4. A hero and sovereign great; 5. A Welsh town for flannels much famed; 6. Of the largest Scotch county the name; 7. A king who in England once reigned, And a wise and great monarch became. CONUNDRUMS. 290. Why is a successful swindler at a rural town like a customer at an oyster saloon ? 291. What measure of capacity is of a sorrow- ful nature? 292. Why is the best part of many melodies like entering a ball-room with the hat on ? ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &e. (Pages- 466, 467, and 468, Vol. IIL) 245. Bar-O I-net--Bironet. 246. Heart's-ease-Heartsease. 247. Can-teen-Canteen. 248. A repeater. 249. Because it is erring (herring). 250. Because it is an imperial measure and a pint (point) of law. 251. One is lines on the throne, and the other is thrown on the lines. 252. Baize (bays). 253. Inn-spectre-Inspector. 254. T. E. A.-Ate-Eta. 255. F. E. G--Effigy. 256. Gneiss (niece). 257. When he's an n-sign (ensign). 258. Because it's past in tense (passed in tents). 259. Because it's a super-stitchin'. 260. When you give them a twist (at whist). 261. Because he's an M.P.-raw (emperor). 262. Shakespeare. 263. Old birds are not to be caught with chaff. To be read-Old birds--R knot-2- B caught with chaff. 264. Horse-chestnut. 265. I'd be a butterfly. To be read-Eyed B-a butterfly. 266. P. A. R. T.-Part. 267. B. O. A. R.-Boar.
293.-TOPOGRAPHICAL AND HISTORICAL. Of what thoroughfare near Covent-garden does this historical passage remind you? 294.- DOUBLE ACROSTI.- ,-.
1. The character Miss Bateman makes her own; 2. A savoury mess to Sancho Panza known; 3. Your slave you think--your master he doth know; 4. Man's primal comfort, but his dearest woe.
Read them aright, you'll find man's earl bliss, When the first husband the first wife did his And the rash passion roused in Cain's d mind When Ahel died, first slain of all mankind,
295.7-A CONUNDRUM FOR THE CORPULENT. Why is this farmer like a follower of Mr. Banting ? __--. i SALE OXEN 296.-ENIGMA.
I am a newsvendor. I tell of births, mar- riages, and deaths. I invite people to dinner, and carry their refusals. I senid people abroad, and order their return. Through me, buying, selling, and bartering are frequently accom- plished. I speak the most polished' language and the roughest tongue. I am generally white,
often blue, and sometimes of the most dolic tints. I am sometimes used with care, but m0 frequently receive little or none, and am of destroyed. I am also heard in the song of nightingale and the melody of the blackb' IMusical instruments are useless without wand I am the foundation of the musician's a