PUZZLE PAGE.
RIDDLE-ME-REE. Y first is in vine, but not in pear. My second in field, but not in tare. My third is in good, but not in bad. My fourth is in glad, but not in sad. My fifth is in pen, but not in ink. My sixth is in tea, but not in drink. My whole is a flower in spring-time you'll see; And, pray, when you gather it, bring it to me. FRENCH RIDDLE-ME-REE. Mon premier est dans sceur, mais pas dans fr're. Mon second dans oncle, mais pas dans phre. Mon troisieme dans molle, mais pas dans mou. Mon quatribme dans nez, mais pas dans cou. Mon cinquibme dans fruit, mais pas dans fleur. Mon sixibme dans ceil, mais pas dans coeur. Mon tout est quelque chose qui brille. MENTAL HISTORICAL PUZZLE. There were once two little boys whose father had been killed with the king while fighting, and whose lands were taken. Their mother, hearing that the new king would pass by on his way to the great city of London, determined to take her two little boys, and beg the king that he would give back her husband's lands to her eldest son. So she stood under a great oak-tree with her two children, and soon she heard the trample of horses' feet, and saw the young king coming. The mother fell on her knees before the king's horse, begging that he would hear her. The king reined in his horse and listened. He was much touched by the story, and thought her the sweetest and prettiest lady he had ever seen; and before long he came back and married her. What was the name of the king, the lady, and her two boys ? NUMERICAL ENIGMA. My I, 2, 8, 4, 7 is to tremble; My 6, 7, 3, 9 is a fruit; My 5, 6, io, 3, 9, 7 is used in war; My 1, o10, 3 is a large stretch of water; My 1o, 3, 9, is a part of the body. My 5, 2, 8, 4 is a large fish. My whole was a famous poet.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My initials read downwards spell one of the Queen's castles, and my finals the country where it stands. I. Low. 2. One of the oceans. 3. A kind of muslin. 4. A rug. 5. A bird. 6. A girl's name. 7. To forsake. S. Metal. METAGRAM. I am a river; change my head, and I am to speak; again, and* I am a flower; again, and I am to reward; again, and I am a period of time; again, and I am a division of water; again, and I am a fairy; again, and I am joyful; again, and I am a grass; again, and I am a bird; again, and I am a song; again, and I am to refuse; again, and I am a path. Answers to Puzzles on Page i6o. RIDDLE-BME-REES.--I. Elephant. 2. Newton. NUMERICAL ENIGMA.-Caterpillar. MENTAL HISTORICAL SCENE. Earl Godwin's peace-offering to King Hardi- canute. DECAPITATIONs.-Kitten, mitten, bitten, bit, ten. GEOGRAPHICAL SINGLE ACROSTICS. I. L ondon. 2. 0 yster. 3. N orah. 4. D og. 5. 0 wl. 6. No. London. HIGGLEDY-PIGGLEDY PROVERBS. I. Time and tide wait for no man. 2. Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones.