PUZZLES.
Charades. I. Hark! the battle's fiercely raging, Thousands on the plain lay slain, Thousands more are now engaging, For my primal with the foe. A column now is seen advancing, Their helmets glitter in the sun ; Chargers, noble, boldly prancing, Anxious for it all to end. A noble whole o'er the plain comes bounding On a gallant charger's back, Heeding not the din resounding, The very hills, with echoes loud; He draws rein at the 'vancing column, And orders from the General gives. The bugle sounds, and officers solemn Prepare their men to meet the foe. Forward at a swinging pace The column now advances on, Looking like a harmless race. But the goal, alas ! alas ! is death. Ah ! the foe now onward dashes, Fully numbering ten to one; Swords now meet with deafening clashes, Groans and curses rend the air. Many noble men have fallen Without a chance to next their first. But death, alas ! has on them callen To end their troubles in the fight. 2. My first is used by night and day, Mlan cannot live without it; My second is a weight, they say, Though I don't know much about it. My whole, he was a man of note, Statesman of reputation; But now he never gets a vote, And no more rules the nation. 3. The man who made my whole to keep out my first, does my second to his neigh- bour. 4. My first is composed of my second; My whole is used as a dye.
My first is to put on, My second's a key, My whole is what you are If you can't see through me. 6. Feeling my second, I took my first, Then quickly went to bed; Into my whole full readily I plunged my weary head. 7. I met a whole upon a first Upon a dusty road; A second was walking up behind, Carrying a heavy load. He asked my whole to let him put Upon my first his load; But my whole replied in surly tones, And left him on the road. 8. In a miserable garret in London city, A poor woman weeps o'er her dying boy, She is overcome with grief and pity, Though once luxuries she could enjoy. When she was rich and first had plenty, Friends she could count by the score; But now it has changed-her pockets are empty, Those friends have deserted her for ever- more. "Ah !" she says, "'twas but a year ago Friends would with welcome greet me; But now I am stricken in poverty low, Not one of those friends do I see. 'Tis true, by misfortune I am whole, And my small stock of money gets second ; And my darling boy, God bless his soul, Soon with the angels will be reckoned." As she speaks he gives a start ; Says he, "Mother dear, good-by." He gives a slight quiver, then life does depart; He'll soon be with angels in heaven so high.
Light as air in air I fly, Floating o'er the summer sky, Tinged with colours of the bow, Pure and fair as new-laid snow, From meanest sources though I come, I with butterflies may roam.; But if to touch me durst, I forewarn you I shall burst. So. My first is an appendage of the foot, my second is a colour, and my whole is a common sight in the streets of a city. i I. My first is a place of education, my second is a piece of wood, and my whole is a company of gentlemen. 12. My first is an element, my second is a balance, and my whole is a place on the coast of Cumberland. 13. My first is the name of my second, and my whole is an untaught juvenile. Rebus. 14. I, 6, 2, 3, 5, 4, 9 is a vegetable. 8, 7, I, 9 a flower. My whole is a town in English possession. Double Acrostic. I5. 1. A.Grecian city. 2. An Archbishop of Canterbury. 3. A German musician. 4. A King of Mercia, 5. A kind of poem. 6. A French author. My initials and finals name two poets.
WFord Squares. 16. A modern actor. A fisherman. A French wit. Vengeance. A French poet. Another actor. '7. Sections. A patrician. A bad augury. A country. Puss. 18. Cold water. In the middle. This is all. 19. An insect. Rest. Something lent. Again. 20. An English river. A precious stone. A plant. Very near. Cryptograph. 21. Yrtr mzrn sat nsfrtrzwb mstk lyr c2bu, Gvsnr gstk bs spb trmzrn sb, Gvs bzfrt npzk p vssmzny lyzbu, Pbk brfrt kzk p gznr sbr. Buried Towns. 22. I have been on a continental tour since we last met. 23. You always have nice clothes. Transpositions. 24. Hand ye rag. 25. Pied mice. Decapitation. 26. A fish behead, and you will have a lady's name; behead again, and then transpose, and you will have a meal.