PUZZLE PAGES.
6.-PUZZLE. FEW days remaining, time on the wing, Sand swiftly falling,. See the shadows fling, In their rapid flight, That we should not slight, Timely warning of the coming night. Nearer, still nearer, we are to the end Creeping and creeping, As our bodies bend In their fast decay Telling us the day Soon shall have ended and left no ray. We old fellows have had our joys In the young spring;:time When we were boys. Take one, four, seven, And twelve and ten,
Of letters here written,. And tell us then The word we suggest, And it must be confessed' It takes no strain, No cudgelling, of brain, You youngsteraare.sever In, such capital train. 7.-.CHAR.4)E. Maud :oomes into-the_,garden oft To get.my firstwh en imyiy st is .soft, And as :rejoicing she takes - :y :whole, My second,in visions sweeps :over her soul Happy:-Maud, if you gain it .too, Would that I might bestow4t..gnjyou ! Happier.. still if .the chance ::btid,, My first and ,whole 'L,,could take ..by your side.. 8.-CHARADE. I go to my second in hopes to meet My first in the name of my whole ;(a, street). My first to my second, too, frequently goes, And talks to me afterwards-nobody"knows ! We stroll down my whole of an afternoon, Lamenting that holidays pass so. soon. 9.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. In the world's earliest age how fair and' good' I lay beneath the ever-smiling sky, And still like furtive gleams of Eden left, Round many a cot my fragrance,you descry.- 1. Chief of all games and dear to Scottish hearts. 2. His brother slain, see how the murderer starts. 3. Ah, hapless youth, for thee our:tears must flow. 4. This glitters bright in early morning's glow.. 5. O lovely maid, O goddess " fair and free," 6. Drink of the gods at feast and revelry.. 1!.
10.-CHARADE. My first and second are the same, A htiiian failing thus expressed The commonest of all by name; My third and fourth by negroes blessed. These two can show the greatest hate Of four for 'one and two. You'll find yourself in such .a. state. If you can guess this riddle through. 11.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. a"We'll meet againt:in heaven, Willie, At the spring-time of the year." 1. I'ia a relation. 2:. Get licked tarnation. 3. Always afloat. 4. Fine stream~ dfoi~ a boat. 5. Casts a s idow nlefbre. 6. Open: the door. 12.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Cream-laid. Steelbmade. 1. A wicked sprite. 2. A queen so bright. 3. At heaven's gate. 4. In mischief great. 5. Along the course See man and horse. 13.-PUZZLE. My first is borne by mighty men Of great and small degree, And takes all sorts of forms, you ken, With office to agree. Sometimes a beadle carries it, And sometimes general bold, But wheresoe'er. my first is seen,. There's great respect, I'm told,
By all who have a proper sense, And in externals see All that small folk can understand Of lofty dignity. My second is a simple word, And formed of letters two, And yet a very useful word, And well deserves its due. .' -----.r My third is what we all possess, Yet none of us can give, And if by force we took our share, Should cease at once to live. 'Tis seen in everything around, In water, earth, and air, But only as a fable can The fire take a share. My whole is in the picture seen, * An easy riddle guessed, I ween; And you without a mental pain Will give it and say, "Down again l" /,