PUZZLE PAGES. 466.-C.HARADE.
LOATING down the glassy stream, "Mirrored in the quiet tide, Thus my first are seen to glide, Fair as-in a poet's dream. Arched each slender, graceful neck, Malting beautiful their pride With a bearing dignified, White as lily flowers that deck Every nook with lavish bloom; Holding their white beauty up, Like a carven ivory cup, shimmering through the verdant gloom Where deep willow shadows quiver On the bosom of the river. By the. bank is built the nest, Hidden close, like modest deeds, 'Neath a shelt'ring bower of reeds, Safe the little brood may rest. With my next 'tis lined throughout, Lest the callow younglings shiver At cold breezes o'er the river; Warm 'tis woven in and out.
Tender mother, instinct guided This poor cird ,o strip her breast, To clothe her darlings in the nest, And for their helplessness provided. Summer storms above the lake Harmless o'er that cradle break. Sweet! my first less graceful be, When I see thee pause anear them! Charms-thou dost so meekly wear them- Add unconscious grace to thee !
Slender throat and dainty waist Are by all most justly reckoned Softer, fairer, than my second; Wear nor gem, nor golden twist, Only round thy throat so white, Round thy dainty wrist of snow, Let my whole encircling go. Light and pure as snow by night, Fair fall the bonny birds who deck With such fresh charms thy hand an neck!
4G7.-CHARADE.
Mistress Ezekiel Skinner Made my second for dinner, Mutton and apples, sugar and spice, Everything savoury, everything nice. She did carefully knead it, And flour it and roll, She sent to the oven my second, And did not remember my whole ! Mistress Ezekiel Skinner Meant my second for dinner; Just to a delicate brown 'twas done When the chapel clock hard by struck one. When the baker's boy brought it All tempting and hot, She was peeling some new potatoes To put (salted well) in the pot.
Mistress Ezekiel Skinner (Not quite ready for dinner) Carried my second the larder into, And put on the pot of potatoes new, While she went to her neighbour My first to enjoy, 'Twas the one sad failing beset her Her idle hours to employ. Mister Ezekiel Skinner Came home hungry to dinner; He smells the steam of my second hot, And lifts the lid of the boiling pot. " You gossiping woman, My first you're about; Where, where is my second you prom And, see I the fire is ontl"
W,. Ezeiel Skinner ;gste hurried home to dinner; e went to the larder my second to bring, Batfound it empty of everything! Through a broken window gy whole had got there- The meat he had scattered around him, The crust is pecked terribly bare. Said Mr. Ezekiel Skinner, \lhere the deuce is the dinner ?" singing her hands and wiping her eyes, cIt's stolen by my whole i" Mrs. S. replies.
" My seconed for dinner My whole has preferred- I'll wring his neck when I catch him, The mischievous, thieving bird 1" Said Mr. Ezekiel Skinner, " Next time you choose for dinner, And make with pains and care my second, Be not myfirst as lawful reckoned; Or, at least, its indulgence Should be very brief, Or else we shall dine on potatoes, Thanks to my whole, the thief I"
468.-FIVE PICTURED PARTICIPLES. I III I Ill' A, V L
469.-SANCHO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES. There are still some people in the world who can only talk in image and metaphor, and who, hthe renowned Sancho, delight in ingenious axioms and quaint saws. We are often tempted exclaim with the immortal knight-" Bless me I what a catalogue of musty proverbs hast onu run through I what a heap of frippery ware hast thou threaded together !" But to use the gnraive language of the corpulent squire, " Young teeth will crack hard nuts." Our studious oathfl readers are great indeed in threading the labyrinth; and the Sphinx herself would oradays be often put to the " nonplush" by some of our bright boys. So we commend them aloewof our old friend Sancho's sayings cooked up in a different fashion. We must premise t each of the following verses contains a proverb, one word of it being discoverable in each Ele line of the verse.
Island to mark the flight of time Through rolling years of slow decay; My senseless stone beneath the sun Gathers no gold to store away. Xo kindly hand now makes a trial To clear the moss from off the dial. I. en business has to be done, it is better "lto be late in despatching a letter. SC' nothing more dang'rous than procrasti- nation ; erer hel]ps any to love, wealth, or station.
III. Ah, fair one, wake ! the lover's star Shines bright and clear in yonder sky; Softly the breeze through latticed bar Goes laden from each flow'ret nigh, And wafts its perfumed hisses far I Iv. When nightingales sweet music make, And scented hay perfumes the air, While the pale moon her course doth take, The night looks wondrous fair I Bl the bright sun the god of day, But Luna shines with tenderer ray I
470.-CHARADE.
Myfirst came down upon the earth; The darkness slowly drawn, Like a thick curtain, folded all, Till rolled away at dawn. Oh I the sun may shine on flower and tree, And glistening streams all fair to see May sparkle in his light, But fairer far the moon's pale ray- Than the garish light of the summer day How much more sweet the - 1
ýI I .24 { 15171-I 1 1 1
But though his body all quiet lay In a slumber calm and deep, His spirit, set free, soared far away From the drowsy chains of sleep. He walked through the mystic land of dreams, And met, by one of its haunted streams, A damsel wondrous fair; And as he wooed her for his bride, She led him on, and bid him ride On a beautiful coal-black - ! A beautiful creature it seemed to be As it arched its glossy neck; But, once in the saddle, no power of his Its fiery course could check. It bore them for o'er hill and dale, Till even Sir Roland's cheek grew pale As they sped through the lurid air. He recalled the fate of poor Lenore, And tugged at bridle and bit once more Of my second, the terrible - I
Sir Roland lay upon his bed, Still tossing to and fro, And hoping that kindly sleep would come To lighten his heavy woo. He shut his eyes, and tried to see A flock of sheep on a breezy lea, And count them all aright; 'Tis a wonderful spell, and its pow'r he so As he dropped at last into sleep profound 'Neath the sway of myfirst, the --...
But the damsel laughed in awf l glce, And tighter grew her hold. Sir Roland drew a shivering breath, And his youthful blood grew cold. He wrung her powerful hands in twain, But they only clung and clasped again, And seemed to grow more tight there, While they still pursued their headlong co (For an utter unruly, terrible horse, Commend me to the - - !) She took him far o'er land and sea, Like the famous Demon Lover- Till when they came to a precipice, She calmly tumbled him over ! Sir Roland shrieked in bitter fear As he downwards sank, till the bottom -se He reached, when getting quite there, .. He heard these words:-"'Tis my .ohl : And proceeds from a meal of underdone o Which always insures the --
ANSWERS TO CHARADEs, &c. (Pages 550, 551, and 552, Vol. F.) 456. A-rum. - 458. Ill-will. 457. Moon-beam. 459. Eye.