PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
S - / ULY is now before us, my pil- grims, with its glowing flowers and delicious fruits, and you . are all young enough yet to enjoy the almost-tropical heat of the sun. I hope all are having what the Americans so very expressively call "a good time." For, if we are neces- sarily obliged to give up skat- " ~ing, sliding, and snowballing, Swith all the other manifold winter delights, in their place we have boating, riding, cricket, picnics; in short, " Treats and joys, For girls and boys." I have a shrewd suspicion that the travellers in Puzzledom solve their riddles under shady hedges and spreading trees, and find them harder still in this lazy season.
As this is the first summer I have received you in Puzzledom, you must permit me. to-invite you to that cottage which, designed, as your late Leader told.you, by Mr. I. Magginayshon, will expand like the fairy tent of Prince Ahmed, and take you all in. Our "house-cooling," vice house-warming, as the Puzzledom people name all these celebrations, will be peculiarly appropriate to this season of the year. So you must place yourself under the guidance of our Chief Chamberlain, Barmecide Makebelieve, Esq. (an old friend of all young folk), and transport yourself to our large park- like lawn. Under the shade of the weeping ash yonder, our servants, near relations of the Fairy Hands that attended in the Palace of the White Cat, have placed our cold collation. So ac- cept a welcome, a very hearty welcome, my dear pilgrims, to the Land of Mystification, and fall to on the dainties set before you. (A.) MENU OF COLD COLLATION. x. At the head of the table, a bowl which contains a Chinese vessel and two-thirds of a humid condition. 2. At the foot of the table, a large tray of glasses filled with five-eighths of a division of a word, and half a soapy delusion. 3. On each side are substantial dishes of rocks ground small, added to four-fifths of a question. 4. On the opposite side, to tickle the palates of the boys, are some gentle taps, combined with loose knots. 5. For the girls I have provided some slight gusts of wind. 6. And some acid locations. And to all I offer, for dessert, some plural interred fruit; No. 7 being wheat stalks, No. 8 ornithological saviours of Rome, No. 9 "little accounts," No. IO the grater species, No. II the special legal fruit, and No. I2 four-fifths of a bird. I hope you will enjoy your feast, for I am sure all the articles are very nice, and what you like best; so I will only add to them, as a beverage, a jump repeated (I3), and as a sauce to your fruits, the ocean mixed up with a large quantity of paper (14). You will have appetites like ostriches if you require any more after that. So, having refreshed ourselves with this slight collation, let us turn to our regular work again. I will now ,.ve you two Metamorphosed Substantives, who have been arid are very busy. just now. As all Puzzledom things ao backwards, and this is stolen out of their "Unscientific Askew," 'ou will see that the child precedes the mother. (B.) METAMORPHOSED SUBSTANTIVES. The cold and prolonged east winds of this year's Spring have illed our roses and other garden plants with a good deal of blight. And yet, dearly as I love my flowers, and stern as I feel in extir- pating and ordering off for instant execution the legion of petty out pestilent tribes that infest our favourite blossoms, I cannot help smiling at and admiring the wonderful order and motherly care with which all those insect nuisances cuddle up their destruc-
tive broods in the folds of leaf and bud. I vow vengeance on the leaf-rolling caterpillar and rose-cutting bees, who damage my pet queen of flowers, and yet what marvellous skill and patience is shewn by these tiny labourers, who are, after all, only providing carefully for their helpless children ! When it comes to a matter of necessity, we must kill these garden enemies; but let us do itas speedily and as mercifully as possible; for they teach us many a grand lesson, these little troublesome insects, and that's more than some equally tormenting human beings do ! And now, after that garden sermon,-and do you know, children, I often think a garden is like a revival of the old Eden, and can teach us nearly as much as a church !-I will set you a seasonable Square Word to guess :- (C.) SQUARE \WORD IN RHYME. I. The burning breath of summer, that drinks up The shallow brook, and tiny river's cup; That scorches the green herb and languid tree, Parching the blossoms on the dusty lea ! II. The highest mountain in all "nater" That doth possess a burning crater; And so familiar is its fame That every nursery knows its name ! III. One of the small, but most destructive races, Who spread their empire through all sorts of places, So small we tread their legions into dust, Yet own their boundless power, as oft we must, When our most valued products fall a prey To their skilled labour in their onward way ! IV. What all must learn, and many set, What often learned we soon forget; What noble natures strive to do, What is well known to most of you ! I am now going to give you a Pictorial Proverb-one that I am afraid not only our fishers are too prone to use, but that all unscrupulous persons are apt to seize upon. Sometimes, how- ever, the fishers-and other people as well-find that a shark has got into their nets, and is therefore making no small havoc with the meshes. So take the proverb, with the caution, like an added grain of salt. (D.) PICTORIAL PROVERB. - ,-