PUZZLE PAGES. 325
R I 36.-PUZZLE. At my first they met in a scene of splendour, Justice to which my pen could not render. All in all to the eyes of each ,other; She saw nought but him, he saw never another So fair in his eyes, and determined to woo her- Sigh, scribble, sing, vow, and succeed as a wooer. But a man cannot always do just what he pleases; He means to do this, and oft thinks that he sees his Way very .clear, when some dark shadow crosses, And all the man's gains turn out to be losses. My second bore off from the land my poor lover, But though borne away he ne'er ceased to love her. And after awhile, which means just two years or more, He meets her again, she is his, and he fears no more. They delight in my whole, and like dutiful scholars In Cupid's high school, put their heads through the collars, And run side by side for a great many years, And are never once known to be set by the ears.
37.-PUZZLE. THEY were wooing in the fields, man and maid together, L Talked of love and happy life in th, sunny weather. An animal having long ears; A country famed for its teas; A word that to lessen appears; A word that a lover most' fears; A country over the seas; To this add an order of peers; Then sit down to the evening meal, And put in your purse a French piece; The ,next thingmay you never feel, .And.;the next for your good never cease. BIut, don't be in a'hurry--.that is, don't be fast, To say to a good thing my fourth and my last. lie, the man, then told her all, all myfirsts do plain cl1cl.rC it She, the maid, did falter till all my lasts suggested-da:r it!
38.-CHARADE. Yes, dear, I own my first was a stolen .one, Sweeter for that, though, I venture to say; Really my stream of love's such a swollen one, Over its banks it will.get away. Some way our lips for the moment, love, second, I could do nothing my love to control, So I gave in, and with Turks being reckoned, I'll say that my jirst's the result of my whole. 39.-CHARADE. The Indian camp was in alarm, The pipe of peace was buried, Each warrior tried his trusty arm, And td my first off hurried. The squaws were loud ,and long in grief, A second filled the air, But soon there came to their relief A resolute, despair ! The sun had set and set again, And hope set in each soul, When came a sound across the plain, 'Twas Flying Eagle's whole. They knew their tribe had won the fray, And every squaw and maiden Turned out to welcome on their way Their warriors brave, scalp-laden I 40.-CHARADE. I kept a lonely second, Where soon my first would be A bony finger beckoned, And pale lips spoke to me I "Ah! first will soon be here, Your second's almost o'er, For now my whole issounding near,. As it has done before!l" I held my breath-I heard the sign- And then a dead face looked on mine I
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 57, 58, 59, 60-121, 122, 123, 124-185, 186, 187, 188.) 1. Barber's-base--inn (barber's basin). 2. Glass-lass-ass. 3. Love in the heart. 4. If you love me as I love you, no knife shall cut our love in two. 5. Because it's de chorus (decorous). 6. Because it gives a scent (assent). 7. You would turn to a sister (assist her). 8. Because you supporter (support her). 9. Because he's generally accurate (a curate). 10. Because he possesses at least one acher (acre). 11. Because he's a fable (affable). 12. They might say "Turn" (Saturn), or more probably "Back us!" (Bacchus). 13. Because he's made a peer (appear). 14. Because a mare (mayor) can't be a good horse man! 15. Because they are foul (fowl). 16. We know they were originally 'the first pear (pair). 17. Because it has its corps (cores) and its colonels (kernels). 18. A park of artillery. 19. By pushing the cork in. 20. When it's all a mowed (h 'la mode). 21. Penny tents (penitents). 22. A tennis 'un (A. Tennyson). 23. See Correspondence pages. 24. Mouth-ivory, gums, tongue, achers, &c. 25. I believe you, my boy, and am always yours. (Read the initial words of alternate lines.) 26. Your odd sum, hardly put, I rather think I can do, For when it is done, with all your tricks, the answer is only two. Your second I take it a precious gem must be, That I guess at your third, I think you may trust me. Of course it is scoundrels, and there's an end of it; Two precious scoundrels, my bonnet I doff it. I saw the farce once, and I laughed very hearty, In a box that held six, such a nice jolly party Win (short for Winifred)-try (wintry). 28. My fij~st was my house; my second was my maid; And my whole-to Mrs. J. an awful thing-was our housemaid 29. The best heart.