97. ENIGMA. 'Tis passing strange, I often chauge, yet still remain tho same, I'm valued sure by rich nnd poor, by high and lowly dame, I oan command on soa and land, а homage not my duo, In death and life, in peace and strife, I many things can do. My praise is sung in every tongue, aud yot my love is lust. If baso I bond to foo or friend, if true descrying trust, I'm often made, in suu and shade, and wasted by a a breath. In blesuings rifo I sweeten life, and often, too, bring death. j. Stronach. PICTORIAL REBUS
REBUS.
98. CHARADE. Emblem of gloom my first, opposed to out my fécond, My third terrific bnwt, and furious it was reckoned, When first his spread aronnd, its mantle and sable pall, Ny icholc camo forth, aud sweetly poured its beauteous notes o'er nil. J. Stronach. 99. LOGOGBIPH. A bar of iron or of wood , When turned about correctly, should Acquaiut you with the наше at. least, Of what is termed " a noisy feast." Delete tho centre, then behold What is a kind of frame, I'm told. But stay ! 'tis well that I should ht.ito, (So that you may elucidate This puzzle) that it mcaneth, too, To stagger, as the tipsy do. Reverse, and then perceive a smile— Л squint—ahom ! (my novel stylo I. Now, friends, this bgogriph is thine, So strivo the answers to defino. J. G. Lumsden. Z0\ WELL-KNOWN SONGS. 1. Ho thou lot poor Dick Dacre food. ?.. Ye low melodie· over charming me. 3. Lo, he wavers ! Oh, thon, moot ! 4. I harm a red cloth. S. Let Eli or Ma direot. G. He'll bo one, Mn. 7. Oh, an image ! 8. Nod's impure land. 9. Sharing now pig sty. 10. Grave Sir D., go and Foil the moth. 11. O, Ma, don't spare tho water ! 12. Ho'll g t at fanner's wine. Young Devov. US
PICTORIAL REBUS.
101. CHARADE. Bold Larry McFlyn belonged to the rangers, On guard, camp, or picket, he always was frisky, He could drink, dance, or fight, and never shunned dangers, Onco he dispeiod of his first, to obtain lfim some whisky. 'Twas read out of book, orders all hands to get reidy, And at second o'clock the bugles did sound, The captaiu says to Larry, " Eyes front, sir, stand steady. Show your first, look alivo, put it down on the ground," " I am afra'd if I show it, sir, that away it w 11 ruu." "If it does, I pledge my honour, İ will buy you another." When Larry opened his knapsack, tally, oh ! what fun, A living whole sprung out, through the ranks—what a bother. M. Rock. K>2. ARITHMETICAL PROBLEM. A gentleman commenced to gannii with enrds with a certain sum In hi* possession. He played two games, and won two and a half times as much the first game ne he originally had, and at tha scooud game he won two aud a half times as much ns ho then hnd alto¬ gether, and ho then found himself in possession of £53 2s. Gd. How much had he whea he oommenced to piny P Тноз. Marshall,