PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
UGUST is likely to be very hot, if we may judge from the baking we have had for the last few weeks in July. The -sun will not be to blame if the harvest is not gold- en yellow in all the fields, call- ing aloud for the busy sick- les. My study win- dow has a western aspect, so I get all the hottest of the glare, and though I have rigged up a screen of tissue paper, and keep the window open behind it, I am driven now and then to the cooler window in front, where I can see the ducks dabbling in the pond, and envy them terribly. I have a queer sort of barometer, that comes from Paraguay. It is made of a strip of wood, the grain running lengthwise, glued to another thin sliver of a kind of willow, the grain of which runs across. The willow wood is very sensitive, and when rain is coming it swells, so that the strip stands quite upright; but with continued heat it shrinks, so that the barometer is curved like the top of a whip. For some time past it has been so very round-shouldered that I have begun to think the clerk of the weather has lost the key of the rain-tap. But when a shower does come, how beautiful will be the smell of the thirsty earth! I don't think any of our perfumers have ever attempted to imitate that strange refreshing odour which the welcome rain raises like incense from the parched soil. I wish they would try. How lovely the cornfields are. I daresay
our friends the farmers could dispense very readily with the bright poppies, the big white bindweed, the azure bluet, and the purple cockle; but they certainly add to the pictur- esque effect of the crops. The little bits of bright colour tell so effectively among the golden grain. When I was in France last autumn, I made up some very pretty button- hole bouquets, with a blossom of the pale grey purple scabious-the wild Robin's-Pin- cushion-surrounded by bluets. The two colours went beautifully together, and the flowers are nearly always to be found close together in the autumn fields. For it is getting towards the autumn now. The fruits are ripening, and before long the leaves will begin to assume the russet and crimson tints that tell of the close of the year. I shall begin my puzzles this month by giving you a seasonable Double Acrostic. Let me see whether you can find out what it is. (A.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Ripe are the vine's rich clusters now, And ripe the apples on the bough ; Sestina lent'e :- And take it easy, for extreme The burning heat, the blazing beam, This month of plenty. With sickle bright, and skin of tan, The labourer, a sturdy man, At toil is steady, And husbands up his needful strength Reflecting on the day's hot length- 'Tis warm already. I. " What, do no other worlds remain For me to gain ! " The fatal fact thus driven to accept, The conqueror wept ! II. The bails are flying all about, The stumps are down-yet still you doubt! Well, ask the judge. " How's that ? " " Why, out !" III. This coin of old Was made of gold, A shield that's made Just like a spade, Upon one side you will behold.
IV. Another's throne To make your own, Another's realm To overwhelm, In modern time Is thought a crime. V. Bring the tin, And lather my chin, Scrape me, scrape me,-please, begin. VI. Mr. Snip, will you do me the pleasure To show me your doeskin and tweed; And fetch out your tape, sir, and take my measure For the suit of clothes I need. Trousers, coat, and vest, All of the very best. There are no difficult classical words in that, so you ought to be able to find it out for yourselves, especially as I suppose school is over for a while, and you are beginning to think of the sea and the sands. Suppose I write you a holiday letter I (B.) PICTURE-LANGUAGE LETTER. ýt k tis We have not had a picture-language letter for a long time, so I hope my pilgrims, who
have asked for one will be satisfied. I think the tournament is the only great difficulty in it, and you will easily guess the right word for that. Now I think we will take a stroll through the fields to gather a bunch of seasonable plants, which we shall find buried. There are few prettier decorations for vases in the winter when flowers are scarce than a taste- fully arranged group of grains and grasses. I have one, brightened up with some French artificial flowers, so naturally made you can hardly tell them from real. One of the prettiest of them is the puff seed-ball of a dandelion, made with swan's-down, and scarcely to be distinguished from the real thing. (C.) SIx BURIED PLANTS. The harvest is ripening now in the fields. Every evening when the sun sets it looks down upon riper crops, more golden ears, and leaves turning russet, and crimson. It is very strange to note how heat and sunshine combine to bring the different cereals to completeness, so that before long we shall hear the merry reapers at work in the fields. And when the crops are all carried, and the brown stubble crackles under our feet, we shall see the sportsmen and their dogs, look- ing for the partridge, and we shall hear their distant guns go pop, pop. Pythagoras, the sage, would say they were shooting their relations. Of course there are great rejoicings over the harvest, it is so plentiful this year ; so at some places I have no doubt there will be great gatherings and merry doings for the harvest home feast. Nor will the harvest of cereals be the only one for which we hope, as there are other useful crops too. We pray for a plentiful harvest of all pro- duce, and shall, we trust, be answered favourably. There are great numbers of insects always to be seen at this time of the year. The great shining dragon-flies dart and hover over the ditches and ponds, and the gleaming bee- tles in their jewelled armour are busily running to and fro. The humming-bird hawk-moth, which sucks the nectar from the flowers, while it poises above them on the wing, may be seen darting its long trunk into the blossoms. And then those wonderful mathematicians,
the spiders, are busy with their webs, which look exquisitely lovely, like diamond-strung lace in the dewy mornings of autumn. Then there is that funny little green fly with large gauzy wings and eyes like two gold pins' heads, and that other bright little fellow that loves to bask on sunny walls with one half of his body blue tinsel, and the other crimson tinsel; he looks like a living jewel, he is so bright. It is astonishing to see how many beautiful insects you will observe if you choose a sunny bit of wall and sit quietly and watch it for a short time. By the way, .here is one of the special beauties of this season. He is a very quick flier, so you must not startle him. (D.) A PUZZLEDOM INSECT. When we have exhausted the insect world, there are the flowers and plants left for us to study. I am very fond of wild-flowers, or weeds, as some people very foolishly call them, forgetting that the gorgeous plants which it costs them so much to rear in their stoves and greenhouses are-if it comes to that-only the weeds of the tropical forests; and some of the rarest have been self-planted and accidentally developed in the earth or the bark on which some other plant has been brought to England. Of course, care and cul- tivation will do much to improve the different plants, but we must not forget that they had one common origin like man, and that superior chances and good fortune do not always fall to merit. The humblest weed in our fields is as glorious a work as the latest plant with a long name, brought by some enterprising correspondent from the forests of Coomassie. Here is a floral puzzle for you.
(E.) CHARADE. The fields are golden in the sun; The breezes make a rustle As o'er the nodding ears they run, And lo ! with merry bustle, With tawny skins, and sickles keen, The reapers come a-trooping; And, see, my First around is seen, With heavy tops down-drooping. II. The mill's tall sails are spinning round, The breezes blow them gaily; With store of grain the stone is crowned And does its labour daily. The air is white with misty meal, Before the task's conclusion; And hoppers, heaped full high, reveal My Second's soft profusion. III. A handful, see, of ripened wheat, I'm in a bunch combining;- The poppy red, the woodruff sweet, Among the ears entwining : And-prettiest bloom that ever grew In cornfield, dale, or dingle- My Whole, whose hue is heaven's own blue, Shall 'mid the wheat-ears mingle. Talking of Coomassie, reminds me that our friend Mr. Phancy, the Photographer, has sent me a Puzzledom portrait of a very distinguished traveller. Please to tell me whom it represents. (F) I think I shall try you with another simple Square-of-every-word Puzzle next. It con- sists of only three words of three letters each.
In the second verse there is a little poetical glorification of beer, but practically speaking Ifind the coolest and most refreshing bever- age in this hot weather is a half-and-half, composed of black coffee, without milk or sugar, and cold water. I think iced drinks only make one warmer, but this mixture is very cool and refreshing. Now for our puzzle. (G.) A SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WORD. I. They are mowing the meadow-grasses; You can hear the mowers' song, And the ring of the scythe, as it passes Over the swathe so long. Gladsome are youth and maiden, As the heaps they rake and toss ; And sweet comes the zephyr laden With odour that's blown across. II. The sun's like a fiery dragon, The shadows are all dispersed; Come, bring us the cooling flagon, For the workers are all athirst; Not cider, or something weaker;- John Barleycorn rivals those ! And deep in the foaming beaker I'll bury my glowing nose. III. We rose at the break of morning, So jocund, and stout, and blythe; All loitering laziness scorning, Each labourer sharpened his scythe. Now, dawn, noon, and evening are ended, And the night is descending, I trow, But-an adverb's the word that's intended- Our task is not finished-just now ! It really makes me wonder to see how steadily the field-labourers go on with their work under the broiling sky. I suppose they are used to it, as cooks say eels are to Deing skinned, but I should think it must be rather hard work to get accustomed to Swinging a scythe or wielding a sickle, when the glass is standing at a hundred degrees in the shade. I never find it difficult to look on and do nothing, but there are times when that is very warm work too. At this season of the year, when the sun is so scorchingly hot, the night is the most pleasant time, and one feels inclined to rest in the day and move about after dark as they do in India. By the sea, when the calm waters double every diamond in the deep blue-sky, it is very beautiful at night, but if
we can't get to the sea, at least we can steal into the garden, or sit at a window and watch the moon and all the sparkling lights of heaven, including the brilliant visitor who has lately been with us. Here is a puzzle on the subject. (H.) PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Our celestial guest is getting the credit for all the heat, and they tell us that the vintage will be a splendid one, so that prudent old gentlemen who like a glass of good wine will lay in great store of this year's clarets and ports. Of course, too, it will bring all the cereal crops to unusual perfection, and we hear already that the supply of grain in America is very large. It seems strange that a wandering body, flying off into space, for thousands of years sometimes, should have such a great influence over the well-being of this world, which must seem as small to it, as it does to us, and of course does not a tail unfold ! Suppose we try a logogriph suitable to the time of year. (I.) LOGOGRIPH. I am a word of seven letters, signifying an operation which takes place in the fall of the 555
year. After 7, 5, 2, which is an evening meal, if you like to put on I, 2, 7, an article of wear, we will see the labourers at 3, 5, 6, 7, an interval of repose. There will be no fear that we shall 6, 7, 2, 3, 4, 5, be famished that is, this year. Stop let us 7, 5, 2, 3, or pull up this 7, 2, 3, 5, a troublesome weed. See we have dis- turbed I, 2, 3, 5, a.timid creature almost as swift as the I, 2, 3, 7, a very quick animal. See with what i, 2, 6, 7, 5, speed, it runs away to 6, 2, 4, 5, preserve its life. Its i, 5, 2, 3, 7, a vital organ, must be going at a rapid 3, 2, 7, 5, pace. This is where one of the workers 6, 2, 7, took a place, to eat the modest supper he I, 2, 6, possesses. Others r, 2, 4, 5, possess a 6, 5, 2, 7, a spot to sit down upon, by the hedge, where a huge oak spreads a 4, 2, 6, 7, extensive shadow. Some 2, 3, 5, exist, without coats, but iear a 4, 5, 6, 7, waistcoat, only. Go and fetch them some cider from the 4, 2, 7, large barrel, and they will drink to our health and give a loud cheer because their labour is over ! The picture puzzle which I propose to give you next is a square-of-every-word, with four letters to each word this time. The only difficult step in it is the musical instru- ment, on which the clumsy musician is play- ing in the second part But you will not, I imagine, find it an insuperable obstacle to guessing the puzzle, or you will deserve a touch or two from step number three ! (h.) PICTORIAL SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WORD. In the next place I shall give you an enigma, which is so easy that I think you must find it out, and that it will show you
how to set about guessing enigmas in the future; for many of you don't at present attempt to solve them:- ENIGMA. ENIGMA. A quadruped, I beg to state, Now guess it if your able. It stands before the kitchen-grate, When not within a stable. Two consonants, an aspirate, And eke a pair of vowels. It's clothed in rugs, when adverse fate Deprives it of its towels. By man it oftentimes is backed, But sometimes by a barrel. I've seen it hung, to be exact, With portions of apparel. Of legs it sometimes has but two, And sometimes four possesses, Sometimes it's nail'd-sometimes a screw, And then it feels.distresses. The wealthy buy it dear, 'tis true, For pride or recreation; But washerwomen have it too, It helps their occupation. Yet if you get it, let me note This trouble from it springing, You'll find it settles in your throat- And won't it stop your singing ! My final Puzzle will be a batch of- (M.) PREVARICATING PARTICIPLES. S,\
I find I forgot to give an Essay last time. We will have one this month, which, with the number of puzzles I have already given, will be quite as much as you can comfortably manage. It shall be- (N.) ORIGINAL VERSE. THE FIELDS IN AUTUMN. (Not to exceed four verses of four lines each.) It only remains now to give the lists of solutions and of guessers : SOLUTIONS. A. Picture Language. 2, (c)ur, is Hume, man, 2, F o'er give, d, vine. To err is human, to forgive divine. B. Square-of-every-word. L I 0 N. I N T O. O T T O. N OO N. C. Pictorial Double Acrostic. s hru B. T heatr E. R yive R. A rche R. w herr v. D. Proverb in Verse. Make hay while the sun shines. E. Phancy Photograph :--Goose-bury fool = Gooseberry fool. F. Double Acrostic. j osep H. U ndin E. L lam A. Y ach T. G. Picture Riddles. I. Dropping in for dinner. Ir. Scraping acquaintance. fs Enigma :-Butt, But, Butter. I. Charade :-Cress, scent = Crescent. K. Metamorphosed Substantive. Ass, sail, ants = Assailants. M, Press = Empress. Leg, A t's = Legatees.
L. Logogriph :-Holidays. The following have answered all Puzzles correctly :- Die ZauberflSte; Poker and Tongs; Cat, Pug and Fudge : Roel; Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor; Edith Emily Harris; Padishah Doodeen; A. M. Y.; Alice's Oak Tree; Mary Power Jackson; Mabel E. Walmisley; Mahabuleshwur; Edith Budden; Napoleone Josephine ; Typpytywychette; Tallie; Dorothy Tylor ; Louie; Annie Townsend ; Dolly Martin; W. A. P.; Princess Sheela; Ursa Minor; Harry Hotspur; J. A. F. M. and C. M. ; Ethel and Maggie; 'Rustic; Neddums and Bee; P. C. Hughes; Mary Henrietta; Lucy Morris; Mossrose; Clara Herbert; C. J. Powell; Ber and Pollywag; Clarita; Thundel; May Patum; Busy Bee ; H. E. Upton; Emmie; Innes; Lilibulero. The following have answered those Puzzles whose initials are appended to their names :- Double Daisy of Dieppe and Matthew Walker, B C D E F HI L ; Ida Aitken, B C D EH K L ; Isabella Blatch, A B CD EHIKL; Fridzwede, BCDE FIKL; Rosalind and Celia, A B C D E HIL; Sylvia and Beatrice Baldwin, A BCDFGHIKL; J. K. F. Cleave, BCDEFIKL; Periwinkle, A B C D FH KL: Kitty Merry, ABCDEF H I KL ; Topsy W., A B CD EFHIKL; Luigia, A B C DEFHIKL; Dick, A BCDEFIKL; Willie Mac, A BCDEFHIL; Isa Duthie, ABDEGIKL; Hans Sterk, ABCD F HIKL; Lalla Rookh, A BCD F H I K L; New Pilgrim, CD HK L; Lenore, A B C D H I K L; Apollo and Minerva, A BCDE SI K L; Jeannie G, B CD FHIKL; Anchor, Compass, Cable, BD KL; Gerty Emily Jones, B C D E IL : Corkscrew, B C D F H L ; Car- olus, A B C D E F HI K L; Celestine, A BCD L; Dhar- war, ABCDEF HI K L ; Organblower, ABCDE FH IKL; Madge, ABCDE F HIKL; H. C. Johnstone, B CD F HIKL; Jeemsy the Bull, D L; Patrick and Bessie, A B CD E FH K L; G. F. and E Duffield, A BD FHKL; Emily Agnes, A BCD F H IKL ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, BCD HIL; Two Ashantees, B CDE SI KL; Carry, Ella, and May, BCD FHIKL ; Maggie, John, and Archie, ABCDE FHIKL; Smoke, ABCDEF HIKL; Colin, A B CDE F HIKL; Minnie W., BCD E F HI K L; Angeleta, BCD FHIKL; Titus and Dancing Dromedary, A B CD E F H lK L; Alice Wade, A B D F IL; Viscountess Clara Macdonald and Josephine de St. Croix, A BCDE SI KL; Pussie Secunda, A BCDE F H IK L ; Cceur de Leon, A L; Alice Berrington, A BC D EFHIKL; Effie, Harold, and May,BCEFHKL; Little Snodgrass and Scotch Thistle. A B CD E F HI K L ; Cornubra, A B CDFG HIKL; Frisky, A B CD F; Snail, A BCDE FHIKL ; Katie and Amy Levy, ABCDE F HIKL; Octopus, ABCDE F HI K; R. D. Purves, A BCDFHIKL; Chim, ABCDEFHIKL ;Coquette, B C D FIL; Maggie Croall, ABCD E HIKL; Moor- land Lasses, A B C D E FHIKL ; Tommy Bogey, A B C D ES HI KL; Kribble Krabble, C I K; Lille M., A B CDEFHIKL; Clair de Lune, ABCDEFHIKL: Rose Mary Leslie, A BCDE F HI K L; Kittums, ABC DE F H I; Freddie Burghard, ABCD HI K L ; Lilian and Gertrude, A BCD H I K L; Lilias, A B CD F HI L; Katie Abbott, A B C DE F H I K L; Kate and Mary Elgin, ABCD HI KL; Carrie and Kittie, A BCD F HIK L; Annie G. Drew, A B C D IL ; Dora Mary Jones, A B C D LE H I K L ; Margaretta and Dora Sharpe, A CD F HI K L; Katie Macandrew, ABCD EFHIKL; Lily of the Valley, A B CD F H IL ; Alice Stronach, A B C DE FHI K L; Queen Mab and Heather Bell, BCEFI KL; Two Maories, H I L ; Expiring Frog and Dying Duck, B C D PS IKL; Severn, BCDE FGHIKL; Fame, ABCDF HIKL; Arthur Tonge, A B C F G IK L; Laburnum, Clematis Cenariensis, A BCD E F HI KL ; M. F. B., A B CD E F H I KL; Wildrake, ABCDE FH IKL; Shepherd's Plaid, A B C D ES HI KL; Frank and Elsie, ABCDEFHIKL; Lilian, ABCDE F HIKL: Minnie and Katie Ingamels, A B CD EHIKL ; Sir Richard Granville and Will. Cary, A B CD E F HI K L; Yorkshire Lassie, A BCDE F HI K L; Sunshine, ABCD F HIK L ; Ada Mason, A BCD F HIKL ; White Mouse. A B C DL; Pendragon, ABCDFHIKL; Techo, ABCDF G H IKL; Menelaus, A BCDEFHIKL; Laughing Gas and Little Woman, A B C D E H I K L; The Graces, B C D FH IKL ; Mary C. Fendall, ABCD#F GHI I L; Mouche and Mache, A CDEHI K L; Emily Conner, AB F HI K L; Mother Carey's Chickens, A BCDE F H IKL ; Ella and Missy, AB CD F G H IKL; Snowdrop, CDE SI K L :; Balbus, DEHK L; Winifred Eyres, A B CD FHIL; M. Stephens, ABCDEFHIKL; De- borah Dottie, A B D E K L; Amelia Snerdmondt, A BCD E
FH K/L; Mary Paul, A B C D E FH I K L; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, A B C D E F H I K ; The Corsair, A B C DE F HI K L ; Drake, Duck, and Pig, A BCDE F HI L: Mab, A BCDEFHIKL; Sweet Briar, ABCDH SL; A. M. P., ABCDFHIKL ; Willie Horton,ABCD E F HI K L ; Mabel Ellis, A C D F HI K L; Florence Gibbs, A B C DE F HI K L; Edith Mary Glover, A B C D EFHI K L; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A B CD F G HI K L; Sed-Anemone, A BCDE FIKL; Kitten, A BCDE F H I K L : Dolly Varden, the Marchioness, and Betsy Trol- wood,ABCDFHIKL; M. F. L. B.,A BCDEFHI K L : Maud Mary, A B C D E H I K L; Amy Measor, A B CDEFGHIL; Rodway,ABCDEFGIKL; Lizzie Blackburn; A BCD HI K L; Jessie Robinson, A B C D E FHIL; Codling, ABCDEFHIKL; Lotus, ABCD F HI K L ; A Friend at Nottingham, A B D E F HI K L; Honora, A B C D E F H K L ; Hetty and Nelly, A B C D E FHIKL; Mabel Peake, A BCDFHIKL; Fanny Hall, A BCDEFHIKL; Marie, AB CDEFHIK L; Whilhelmina, BCDEHI K L; Ada W., ABCDE F H I L; Elsie Watkins, A B C D F H I K L; Irish Ivy, A B C D F HI L: Ellen Wade, BCD F 1 L; Edith, Henry, and Blanch, A B C D E F H I K L ; Goosegirl and Two Geese, A BCDEFHIL; Norman May, ABCDEFHIKL; Wild Rose and Humming Bird, A B C D E F HI K L ; Aya- canora and Frank Leigh, A B D E FG H I K L; Simon de Montfort, A C D F H I K L; Valentine and Daisy, A B C D EHI K L: Gipsy and Sunshine, ABCDEFHIKL Amy and Constance, AB C D E FH I K L; Ilfracombe Bouquet, A B D E F H L; George Macdonald, C L; Snow- drop and Crocus, A B D F HI K L ; Clara 'Cecilia Porter, A BCDFGHIKL; Jumping Jehosophat A CDEFGH I K L; Emma Clapham, E H I K; Nest ofYoung Jays, A C D FHI K; Blue Bell and Tib, A BDFHIKL ; Piimrose, ABCD HI K L; Tweedledum, ABCD FHIKL; The Brat, A BCDEFHIKL ; Nellie Macdonald, A BCDE /I I L ; Rhinoceros and Hippopotamus, D L ; Mary Blanche liayward, ABCD P G HI K L; Gemini, A BCDE F H IKL; L. L. Nicholls, A BCD FIKL; A. Wills, BCD FHIKL; Char, Fan, and Lu, A B D E FHIKL ; Fanny Barclay, A BCDEFHKL; Rosa Sillito, A BCDE SI X L: Eyebright, A B CDE F HI KL ; Ariel, A B CDE FHIKL ; Amy Ellen Stephens, A B C D F HI K L; Minnie and Pheenie, A B C D F G H I KL ; April and Sep- tember, B CD SI K L; Teacup and Teaspoon, A BCDE FHIKL; Paul and Virginia, B D FIK L; Alice and Florence Humphreys, A B C D E F HI K L; Emma and Cousin Anne, A B C D E FHI K L ; Trois Soturs, A BC D E F H I KL; Alice Freemantle, A B CD FHIKL; Ex- celsior, BCDF H I K L ; Ardy, AB CD FGH I K L: Effie and Ally, A BCDE F HI KL; Emerald, BCDE F HI L; Weathercock, A B C D E F H I K L; Tommy Cat, DH L; Oliver Cromwell, A B C DEFHIKL; Nelly, Dicky, and Calie Hatton, ABC DEG HI K L; Orang- Outan, A BCDE FHIL; E. M. Cooper, ABCD FH K L: Jack and Jill, A B CD EGI KL ; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A BCDE FHI K L; Mary Hewitt, ABCDF HIKL; Candytuft, ABDEFHIKL; Ella, ABCD F HI K L; Gilponswildred, B C D E I L; Dolly Earnshaw, A B C D E F H I K L ; Punch and Judy, A B C D F H I K L; Maggy Swallow, A B C D SI K L; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibur, A BCDFHIKL; J. and J. Williamson, A B CDFHIKL; Edith Lack, ABCDEFHIKL; J. Lovel and Fred. Milner, H L; G. D. Sharp, A B C D E F H IKL; Holly and Mistletoe, ABDE F HI K L; Laura Marie Jackson, BCDHI K L; Pixie, A BDFHIKL; Lilla and E. Hutton, A B D F H I L; Three Bears, B CD F H I L ; Winifred Sullivan, A B C D F H I K L ; Eddie Sul- livan, ABCD F HI K L; Morleena Kenwigo, D; Bud, Blossom, and 1Berry, B C D F H I K L; Charley and Lucy James. CD E PHIL; Edgeler Blake, A B CDEFHIK L ; Edith, Emmie, and Grace, B D E I K L; Buttercup and Daisy, A CDE SI K L; Helen Manton, CDE SI K L; Chestnut, A BCDFHI K L; Ivanhoe, A BCD F HI K L ; Mopse and Chatterbox, B C DE F G HIKL : Blunbore, A C I K; Lily Lightheart, A B C DE F HI L ; Edith Cadogan, A BCDFGHIKL ; Rupert Mason, A BCD F HI K L; Myosotis, A B D E F HI K L; Nesta, DE H; King Koffee, A B C D F G HI K L; Nellie Beveridge, C E H KL: Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A BCDE FHIKL ; Christina McDiarmid, A B C D F HI K L; Jessamine and Heartsease, A B C D F I K L; Gouny, A B CD E F HIL; May Ellis, A B C D E F HI K L ; Charlotte and Lucy Gun, ABCDEFHIKL; Widdie, ABCDEF HIKL; Marion Fox, BCDE F G HI K L; Kate Hewitt, CL ; Amy and Maggie, BCDEHIL; Adela, ABDEF HI KL; G. Smetham, A BCDEFHIKL; Hecla, ABD EFGHIKL; Constancy, ABCDEFHIKL; Poly- phemus, A B C D F I K L ; Bill Sikes and Toby Cracket, B C D E HI K L ; Adah, Edith, and Beachie, A B CD F G HI K L; Bayleaf, A B C D F G HI K L; Louise and Janetta, ABDEFHIKL; Honeysuckle and Violet, BDEIL; Alice M. Pace, A B CD F HI L; The Bendersnatches, A B CDFFHIKL; Toby, ABCDEFHIKL; Jack,B CDEL; Lizzie C., ABCDEGHI KL; J. andGMac- donald, A BCDFGHIKL L; Cymon, A B CE F G HI K L; H. Marshall, B CD F K L; L. and C. Hughes, A B C DFHI KL; Unadilla, A B CD E FHIK L; Ellen -QQ
Llewellyn, A B CD F HI K L; Burhampoor, A D F HI K L; Blanche, A BCD F HIK L; Puck and Mary, A BCD E F HI K L; Lux, ABCDE F HI K L; M. Marshall B CDEFHI; The Three Little Y's,A BCDEFHIKL Charlie and Percie Carryer, A B C D F HI K L Stanley Flint, A BCDE FGHI K: Claude Lowe, ABCD ES HI K L; Beatrice Manton, C D F I K L; Edith Manton, C DE F I L; Polyanthus and Henry Penny, AB D E SI H I KL ; Dorothy, A BCDE F HIK L; Herbert Dicksee, A BCDEFHIKL; Prussian, CDEI K L; Isa Duthie A BDGHIKL; Scruffy,ABCDEFHIKL; D.G Robertson,/3 C F HIL ; Florence Jewell, A B CD E F HI K L; Hetty Combe, ABDEHI KL. I am sorry to say my pilgrims have been: very neglectful of the rules. Many sets of answers were unsigned, and most of them were written on both sides of the paper, giving me double trouble in looking them over, a task which always takes twelve hours at the best. Gipsy and Sunshine, and some others, increase the difficulty by ungenerously putting their answers into their letter, and mixing them up with comments, so that I have to pick them out ; while Honeysuckle and Violet send each answer on a separate little scrap, so that I have to sort and arrange. Then again a great many have sent their answers a couple of days too late. Unless they live in London or close to it, they simply waste their time, trouble, and stamps by sending off answers after the 14th of the month, for I really cannot go back over my work of check- ing the solutions, as I have the puzzles to make and draw, and my batch of letters to read and reply to, all which takes time, with ; the printers hungry for work all the while. I hope in future my little folks will be more thoughtful and careful. My letters now claim my attention. In the first place I must thank several pilgrims for their photographs and flowers. I have several cartes to send to some, but they have not been sent to me yet, and I must say that considering the numbers I have sent off, I have received very few in return, and my Puzzledom Album has many blank spaces to be filled. I have received a very pretty larkspur wreath from Ursa Minor, and from another little friend a beautiful lily, which, though it had travelled by post in a box, soon picked up when I put it in water with a dash of spirit to revive it. I have also re- ceived some purple sprays of heather as well, from Scotland; and Myosotis has sent me a hank of beautiful silkworms' silk. A. T. P., who, like Lilias, complains of freckles, will be glad to learn from Amy and Maggie, that bathing them with sour milk is a remedy-though I think I would rather have the freckles than the cure, though this hot weather it is more easy to get sour milk than fresh. I am sorry I cannot tell Morleena Kenwigs about Bayonne, never having been there; but I think her friend is right, and that French children learn a good many
lessons, and don't seem to care as much for play as English children do. Lizzie C. will find what she wants to learn about the essays, in Puzzledom for last January. It will be very useful to my little friends to go over the back numbers some- times, as it will remind them of the rules, and also how some of the puzzles are done. I don't know what fun to recommend to Isa when she goes back to school, but I should say certainly not playing at ghosts, which sometimes frightens people very seriously, and is a very dangerous trick. I think acting charades or little extempore plays from fairy tales would be good fun. "Asupporter of Podge" talks verylearnedly about "nothing times two," but he does not destroy the argument that if he got dinner nothing times a day, he would not like it. I am obliged to G. V. for her suggestion about the answers, but I think the present system most satisfactory. I daresay "the fairy rose " is a local name; it is applied in the West of England to a very small rose something like the China rose. The poem about which the Walrus inquires, was written by my father, as was that mentioned by Honeysuckle. Frisky says that a book called " What's in a Name ?" by Nickle Nichols, published at one shilling, will meet the requirements of Burhampoor, and April and September ; and Lily Wright tells me that the correct title of the book for J. Lovel is " Routledge's Every Boy's Annual," price six shillings. A great many pilgrims send me from " The Language of Flowers," the meaning of the flowers Lalla Rookh inquired about. It seems that Nasturtium means Patriotism, Clematis, Mental Beauty and Poverty (that must have been chosen by a struggling author), and Marigold, Chagrin, Cruelty, Grief, Melancholy, and Pain. Blush Rose means, " If you love me you will discover it" White Geranium is apparently not given, except in Amy and Jessie's book possibly, as they say, it means " bridal favour." One correspondent, after giving the Language of Flowers, recommends Cran- berry, as a cure for heartache, for Laughing Vater; and I think Cranberries are quite nasty enough to be medicine ! Lilias wants to know why the cockle-shell is the emblem of a pilgrim. It is said to be the emblem of St. James the Great, the patron saint of Spain, who is generally represented as a pilgrim with the escalop affixed to his hat or cloak. It was one of the insignia adopted by pilgrims to his shrine at Compostella. I suspect that the truth is that in old times pilgrims generally picked up a shell as the
handiest and least breakable sort of drinking cup, in days when there were no hotels, and you had to dip water from brooks and wayside wells for yourself. I have lots of letters about pets this month. I am glad to say one of the peahen's eggs and three of the duck's eggs hatched out all right. The others were addled. I am very grateful to Mary Power Jackson for directions how to treat the baby peafowl. It is very strong and hearty, but it will not feed itself. I see it peck at the old hen's bill as if it expected to be fed, so we feed it by hand. The ducklings are little yellow balls of down, and take to a soup-plate of water as naturally as Jumping Jehosophat's celebrated swimming doll Tom, who, I am glad to hear, has turned up again. The peahen's egg took a month to hatch, so that I was right in setting it with duck's eggs. I hope Edgeler Blake will tell the cowman this, as he seemed to think the ducks would be hatched first. Peahen's eggs I may tell my namesake, Jeanie Hood, are large, and a soft green colour. I fancy Teacup and Teaspoon must give up all hopes of seeing the hedgehogs again. The little one probably got eaten by the rats, and the old couple have no doubt learnt pru- dence from experience and won't get caught again. I had one once when I was at Brompton, but instead of eating cockroaches he burrowed through the bricks under the grate into the next house. Emmie will find a siskin a very lively little bird, easily tamed. It is very fond of climbing about its cage, and has a funny but not loud warble. My niece, Double Daisy, has one and calls it "Tweedledee," from its note, which ends with a very long "deeee !" A siskin costs about three shillings or three and six. They soon learn to take nuts from your fingers, but must not be over-fed as they are rather greedy. Mopse and Chatterbox should try their field mouse with bird-seed or a few grains of corn. In a wild state it nibbles the bark of young trees, so perhaps a few green twigs would be approved. I scarcely know how to advise Herbert Dicksee to treat his larks. They should, of course, have a constant change of turf, and the cage should be roomy with baize over the top to prevent their flying against the wires. It does not want perches but should be well gravelled, with a mixture of old mortar. Rape seed, crushed hemp, and ant's eggs should be given them when young, afterwards German paste, mealworms, a little lean meat at times, with shreds of lettuce or watercress. Their long claws must be kept clean. They won't, however, sing this year, and should
have saffron in their water while moulting, and should not be left out in very cold weather. I cannot tell what Lalla Rookh's "green and gold fish" can be. They don't seem from her account to be " tench or carp." I fancy they are perch, but they may be only sticklebacks after all ! She can get silkworm's eggs in Covent Garden, but it is too late this year. As for her butterflies, I don't think all butterflies feed, but she should give them a bouquet of flowers like honeysuckle that have plenty of nectar. Amy Measor should make a nest for her canary, Mimi, as she won't build, with a little moss and cotton wool in a box, forming the hollow in it by rolling a .warm boiled egg in it. F. E. T.'s owl must have mice and little birds, for without fur and feathers owls cannot digest their food. It will eat raw meat, but must have mice and birds pretty\often. It will also probably take frogs and slugs. Coeur de Leon may give her dormice bread and milk, apple, and bird-seed, with nuts and acorns when procurable. I cannot tell Clara Cecilia of any leaves except lettuce and mulberry that silkworms will eat, or which sort of lettuce is best. Simon de Montfort's silkworms ought to be spinning now. (The answer to the enigma he speaks of is " The letter H."). I fancy Herbert Dicksee may have over-fed his silk- worms, but I think they are liable to burst from a disease which prevents their casting their skins as they do when growing. I don't know what to recommend to Clara Cecilia for the destruction of cock-roaches, but there is a phosphorous paste (dangerous, I fancy, where there are pets) and a new invention by Messrs. Williams, of Tooting, called Can- tharikopho. Perhaps the cockroaches dis- locate their necks in trying to spell the name. Burhampoor's kitten must, I fear, have the mange if its hair falls off so. Perhaps she gives it salt meat, however, which is as bad for the coats of cats as of dogs. I don't think
April and September will cure their cat of catching birds. It is a sporting, instinct with some cats. If their cat will not keep himself clean they should put a dab of butter on his nose, which will be certain to set him washing at once. Kribble Krabble does not tell me what her kitten is like in appearance and disposition, so it would be difficult to give it a fitting name. I read once some lines which ended thus:- " Our old cat has kittens three, And I fancy these their names will be: 'Pepper-pot '-' Sootikin '-' Scratchaway '- There ! Were there ever three kittens with these to compare ? And we call the old mother-now what do you think ?- 'Tabitha Longclaws Tiddleywink.'" Kittie's Prince Charlie seems to have got a cold in his eyes. Bathing with warm water may do him good. Lucy James's black kitten might, I think, assume the title of Sootikin. My white kitten, which, by the way, has not yet arrived, has been already christened "Farinot," which means meal- white. I congratulate Sylvia Baldwin on having preserved her poor little Jip in these days when people think every dog that yelps when it is hurt must be mad. Lastly, I must thank May Ellis, and tell her that I don't pretend to limit ages at all. And now I am afraid I must decline in future to write in Confession Books. It takes some little time and thought, and I am a very busy man, and cannot always find an opportunity, and the result is I have got into sad disgrace with many of my little friends. And the worst of it was that when several wrote to ask the immediate return of their books I was suffering so severely from nervous prostration, that I could hardly hold a pen, so that they must in this case acquit me of the delay altogether.