PUZZLE PAGES.
I -414.-CHARADE. HERE was a fairy castle that stood beside the sea, Where a princess was imprisoned, the fairest that m be; The lovely curling tresses that to her foot fell dosn Had stolen the golden gleaming of her jeoel.stI crown. Her teeth her pearls outrivalled, her eyes eelipse_ sheen Of the pair of priceless diamonds upon her g seen; And all vowed that such a maiden the world m never see As that princess long imprisoned in the castle by sea. - y first, a milky opal, adorned her finger slim, -- While in the centre quivered a tongue of redl fired' At night she loosed her bracelets, her chains of pearl and gold, Unclasped the diamond girdle that did her waist enfold, And let her glorious ringlets flow in their beauty down, While on its velvet cushion she laid aside her crown. But night or day my jewelledfirst might never severed be From that maiden's fairy finger in that palace by the sea. One morn the gilded lattice was opened for the air, And gazing sadly o'er the sea reclined the princess fair; She heard a soft, low murmur, a rush of gentle wings, Lo! on her lifted finger my second lights and clings I It turned its beak of ivory close to her pearly ear, And the golden hair veiled both of them as she bent down to hear; But softer, sweeter, brighter, my second could not be Than that fair and gentle princess in the castle by the sea. That night her maidens missed her, and sought her everywhere, But only found upon the ground her wealth of golden hair, And my first, but all the milky hue was turned to ashen grey, And the little tongue of fire from out its heart had passed away. Some say at dusky twilight my second seemed to glide Away upon the quiet air with another at his side. That (being fairy times), since then, their memory to enshrine, Still round my whole's most graceful neck myfirst is seen to twine. I cannot solve the mystery, but of this most certain be, That fairy tower is hidden now in mist.wreaths from the sea. 415.-CHARADE.
My seconfd sweepeth clean, 'tis said, When new; but housewives say That 'tis no good when constant use Hath worn its strength away.
Ab, lazy son, your algebra You've very badly reckoned; My first shall point my whole for yoS In likeness of my second.
416,-WANTED--A RHY . a substance metallic called .. . nees me by means called a . . . akes me a centre called ... rings me in front saying .. bathes me in blood, crying ... . gathers up knowledge called ... . insatiate, petitions for .... laced in the Thames dubs me ..... rvades all your skin as a .... n unpleasant wound called a .. .. ast tense of a rending-verb ... , ile W. makes our wear . . . the old time long past, ohristaaia, ... 't you wish that my puzzle was. ... ? ruffled repose to rest .... just vex your patience no .. . .. 417.-ENIGMA.. m such an indispensable part.of yaonu einmg mortal creature cannot exist without me. am not exclusively of an animal nature, e earth owns me as well. I am to be met at Vesuvius and Etna, only you would be able to approach near enough to see So you must look for me in rivers, where ili always discover me (just where you will d me in the animal kingdom), the farthest the head. I dwell in all caves of the and in all pits, whether of coal or ore. Even a cannon is made without me, for I here men seek the " bubble reputation." large and long in the shark and alligator, in the crab and caterpillar, deep and wide and jug, long and elliptic in the human round in the ray and the skate, and gular in the leech. With all the animal I am movable, generally noisy, and can or close at will, but in inanimate nature I enerally noiseless and perpetually open. It in Venice, and through my means the messages to the Inquisition passed I I in Egypt with Memnon, making music the sorl touched me. In short, if the are called the windows of the soul, I[may ryjustly considered as.its pmrtal. 418.-CHARADE. Sfirst of my wholoe.is.a.portion, Very dark brown and smat-;; n a pack of cards you wilLseeeit, If you look for it at all. Y sccoed's a useful device For fastening apron or gown; I takes ten men to make one, lut we carelessly fling one down. y ihole is a fruit so pleasant, To a Icing it gave its name. m sure you say, when you taste it, It dkserved its royal fame.
'419.-THE SPHINX'S SUPPER. A large party of friends spent the evening with me last week, and we had a very sociable gathering. Trays were handed round with two-thirds of a box in comfort, for my guests to drink, accompanied by plates of a slice of the desert between two beverages, to eat, unless they preferred three-parts of a fur attached to some bits of ,a fish. They amused themselves with dancing, singing, and conver- sation, till supper-time, when the following jpatr~'wasrspread before them:--At the head ofthe table wasaa insect with a consonant .fr a tall, and at, the foot disgrace beheaded 'and ourtailed. These were three dishes of fish; namely, single blessedness, the past tense of :scent, and three~parts of a drama con- geal2e There were two vegetables, spider's work, -with three-parts of a pain, and three- fonrths a.- a Mahometan served up with a pinch. The sweets consisted of a Chinese herb dressed with a national weapon, a decapi- tated shriek, gusts of wind, the diminu- tive staff of life, and a dish of a bygone dandy. Rotatory tumbles were served by each plate, and the beverages were a joke and half a gossip, and the head of a sprat and most part of a Thames boat. My friends expressed themselves highly delighted with the fare and their entertainment. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 381. Fair-eyes-Fairies. 382. Ann. 383. Manslaughter-Man's laughter. 384. " A man convinced against his swill." 385. Because it is a Dutch plaice (place). 386. As well as can be expected (a swell as can be expected). 387. Her-ring (herring). 388. When she dresses the hare (hair). 389. A nice scream (an ice cream). 330. Dears talking (deerstalking). 391. His nose (his snows). 392. When he says A-men. 393. One rights a great wrong, and the other writes a little wrong. 394. When. several tumblers full of spirits are just introduced. 395. Park :sausages:.(park saw sages). 396. King's Cross. 397. What's in an aim ? 398. A little tart and cust.ard. 399. A letter. 400. Artillery-place (plaice). 401. Bar-maid. 402. "Now for a good lick 1" 403. Cart-ridge.
42U.-FOUR PICTURED PARTICIPLES. 421.-ENIGMA. I wave o'er mast, and fort, and tower, Sometimes my home is in the stream O'er royal home, from island bower; Where my gay yellow blossoms gleam. I'm known and feared o'er land and wave, When dried, my withered form theytala The hope of freedom to the slave ! And into mats and baskets make. Yet changed to stone behold me-I Four letters mine; cut off my head, Oft 'neath your foot am made to lie. Loitering and slow becomes my treaa
422.-POETICAL PUZZLE. ALPHABETICAL CONUNDREUMS,
423. Why is the ballad of Cock Robin's death like the letter C ?' 424. Why are A, E, and U the handsomest of the vowels ? 425. Why is the letter N like a confec- tioneT ? /, iw.
426. Why should Volunteers especia!!ydis6 theletter T ? 427. When you spend the evening outll cannot you make your appearance before sap time ? i428. Why is the letter Clike a generous rr 1I