PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
ET me next see what you can make of these word-hashes, the Logogriphes, which resemble a French dish, .where you fancy you are eating fish, and it proves to be vege- table, or fowl, and it often happens to be flesh. (I.) LOGOGRIPHI. My 8, 9, 1o, 5, is an unfulfilled hope. My I. 11, 4, a damp condition. My 7, 3, 4, a family whose ancestors came over with William the Conque or. My 1, 5, 2, 3, 4, has been buried with the kings of Egypt, and has preserved vitality. My 8, 3, 7, is the greatest mistake of the age. My 5, 3, 4, is the thatch or tile for a head. My 5, 2, 3, 4, is what we enjoy now. My 7, 3, I, is a crude condition. My 6, r, Is, a lamb's maternal parent. My 8, 3, 4, It, 7, the universal necessity. My 10, 9, 7, a title of honour. My Ic, 3, z, a far-seeing tool. My II, 3, 4, what we must do to live. My 5, 2, 3, 4, 5. a wide tract of land. My 4, 3, 8, a favourite kind of marble. My 5, II, 3, 7, what we should do; and obey ! My 6, 3, 5o, 2, the condition of comfort. My 5, 9, 4, the smallest gain at backgammon. My 6, 3, 7, the itching member. My 7. 9, lo, 2, what most people do late My ro, 3, 4, what Humpty Dumpty did. Now, if you have puzzled out all those articles, which are pre- served in the Puzzledom Museum, and taken care of by the Riddlemarees, I will next give you a new pictorial puzzle, in the shape of some Decapitations. They are solved in the same way as the prose ones, letter by letter, but I think are much easier, as they present the object visibly before you. I was so reproached by several of my pilgrims last time for the difficulty of last month's puzzles, that now I suppose, in order to avoid. Scylla, I am about to tumble into Charybdis ; and I shall have the older ones abusing me next month for their being too easy ! There's one consolation -I shall have pleased both, alternately, so I shan't mind the complaints, because as fast as the scale goes down one way, it's sure to spring up in the other, and an even balance in every- thing is one of the best things in life. (K.) PICTORIAL DECAPITATIONS. I have reserved the Acrostic for the last, in this case keeping the longest hill for the last climb; but I think all our Puzzledom pilgrims have stout hearts and strong; staves - so "charge, Chester, charge," and onwards ! (L.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. When my First is smiling Over all the land, And her gifts of beauty, In her lavish hand; As she flings her largesse Wide o'er field and lea, Blossoms for the meadows, Leafage for each tree !
This my beauteous Second Doth she scatter wide O'er the silver rivers, With their dimpling tide: And the waters proudly The queenly gift' do bear, For all earth's fairest gardens Boast no bloom more fair ! I. A pretty empty thing it lies Upon the shore, and softly sighs For its dead owner ceaselessly, And its loved home beneath the sea! II. There's a little wee land that's exceedingly small, It's the highest inhabited country of all ! It's divided in portions of which this is one, You've not far to search, so my story is done. III. Purple without, and pearl within, It's beauty a careless eye might win, It has a long beard to anchor by, But neither hand, foot, nor a single eye! IV. There's a wonderful bridge both long and high, That links the land to an isle hard by; And tall ships sail through the straits below, Nor touch the bridge as they onward go ! V. There's never sunshine unmixed with shade, And joy is sweeter by sorrow made; And bitter things make sweet more sweet, So many this salad delight to eat ! VI. Lovely in life and sweet in death, Fragrant ever their latest breath; Scenting the hand that crushes and slays, Who will not yield them their meed of praise ? Types of forgiveness, till seventy times seven, Blossoms of earth, but akin to heaven ! It only remains now to give you what you have not had for a long time-a pictorial letter-which conveys my hearty wishes to you all, and so now good-bye till our final gossip. (M.) PICTORIAL LETTBR. S220 365