PUZZLES.
CHARADES. 1. My first is the season when kind nature yields The bright tinted fruits of her orchards and fields, And enriches mankind with her store. My second who is there who does not revere, And in memory cherish that one-spot so dear, Tho' perchance he may ne'er see it more I And think, while a sadness steals over his soul, Of the days when he shared in the joys of my whole. 2. My first is a sportive and timorous thing, Which bounds through the coverts with joy in its spring, Darting off at the fall of a leaf. My second's oft heard in the day's busy round, Striking full on the ear with its echoing sound, And proclaiming now joy and now grief. My whole may be seen in the meadows and glades, Where it brightens the earth with its hue ere it fades. 3. In many a rural landscape green, O'er the tree tops rising my first is seen; The villagers dwell neath its guardian shade, Near the sacred spot where their sires are laid. My second oft causes the heart to leap When seen to rush by in its headlong sweep, And the breast upheaves with the thoughts that roll O'er my mind like the pell-mell of my whole. 4. Whilst passing a shop in the city one day I looked through my second and there did see An elderly lady who stood by my first, And purchased my whole, pray what may it be?
ENIGMAS. 1. To you I name a useful thing Of varied shape and size, Just find me out and you will count One more towards a prize. 'Tis true that I possess no legs, And yet on feet I'm seen, 'Tis true that I possess no arms, And yet on hands I've been. I sometimes have a head of brass And sometimes one of gold, But oftener my form is cast Within a common mould. To keep me clean and beautiful, Is what some persons love, And oftentimes I may be found Within a lady's glove. I'm part of every yard, I'm seen fixed in a door, And on my form you often tread When walking on the floor. 2. Wealth and power immense I give, No feeling have and yet I live, Before mankind the earth had trod I held possession of the sod. Now in the tomb of ages sought, Again to earth's fair surface brought, A proof of the eternal's plan I have so much to do with man, Enliven all his chequered lot, I cheer the palace and the cot, And raise for mortals every hour A spirit of tremendous power, Though short my life, yet I supply A thousand blessings ere I die.