PUZZLE PAGES. CHARADES.
187. IT chanced, on one fine autumn day, I westwards took my thoughtful way, To hear what some folks had to say Touching a noble soul; One who had fought in, Freedom's name; Of whom was spread abroad the fame; Who, though now brought to'grief and shame, Was honoured as my wlole. I reached the spot; on every side, Far as the eye could stretch, and wide, Thousands unto the meeting hied, And met in one vast crowd; But scarcely had the speech begun, When, ripe for mischief or for fun, Unto the scene myfirst did run, With oaths and curses loud. Then quickly was a panic spread, And from the spot the speakers fled, As who should think a broken head No very handsome pay. Their rostrum then he boldly took, And at the crowd a bludgeon shook, Bidding each man to himself look, Else would he rue the day. But words like these soon led to blows, And then my second fierce uprose; Blood flowed from head, and mouth, and nose, 'Neath stroke of stone or brick; While in the thickest of the fight, My first, with all his main and might, Did lay about him, left and right, With cudgel stout and thick. At last, when, towards the close of day, There seemed an end unto the fray, I to myfirst made bold to say- Who seemed a genial soul- "My dearestfirst, for goodness' sake- Though you my second well may make, Though you the people's heads can break- Think not you are my whole." 188. It was a bracing winter's day; Deep on the path the white snow lay; Keenly the frost-edged north wind blew, Madly before it the snow-flakes flew. It was a fitful, wilful wind, Veering about, before-behind; Making my nose and lips quite blue, Nipping my toes and fingers too. Not that I cared so much for that; 'Twas the rude tricks it played my hat
That vexed me sorely, and made me swear That such a thing I was doomed to wear, And made of me a ludicrous scene, Grappling the cumbersome machine. I in such plight met a winsome maid Snugly in winter garb arrayed, Whom as I passed I sadly sighed, To mark between us the contrast wide; For myfirst, so warm and softly lined, Sheltered her neck from the searchingwind, Making a pretty, cosy nest For the fair head it softly pressed, And suffered only one stray tress Forth to peep in sweet wantonness. For ah ! she was an artful girl, Who the pow'r knew of that one bright curl; Who, with an arch and subtle grace, Gathered my first round her smiling face, And with an eye full of wicked glee My second did as she passed by me; And did the same as she peeped behind To see me fight with the blust'ring wind. So parted we, but again to meet: Haunted was I by that face so sweet, That smile so arch, and that glancing eye Out from my first with my second sly; Again I sought her, again we met, And with that look I could ne'er forget, I was won to that fair syren's side, And one bright day made her my bride. But, ah me I who will believe it true? Sadly I learned that day to rue; For she, that arch, designing maid, Cruelly with my heart had played. With myfirst and.second I now could see, Faith, how she did my total me I . 189. By a placid lake, whose wavelets break on a bank with flow'rets fair, Bathed in the light of my first so kright, breathing the soft night air, Two lovers walk, and sweetly talk, and the words of the gallant youth Light up the eyes of his soul's sweet prize, and my second they do in sooth. But, alh me ! the theme of their happy drem is a tale so very old, That much I fear not even here may it agn be told. Enough to say that the lover's lay, soft as m peaceful whole, Is poured at the feet of that lady sweet, and thrills to her very soul.
And oh then the bliss of the rapturous kiss- e'en though his moustache is red-' It strengthens her heart, for they now must part, and make haste home to bed. Bat, stay, I'm afraid---yes, it must be said- that youth has a seedy,,coat, And he's craved the boon-he'll return.itisoon -from her of aiteli-pound note; And his lady-love,,likeý..altrusting dove, with a sweet confiding smiie, .. Hath granted his prayer, for his words are'fair, and she dreameth not ofguile. Next day at dawn, the swain is gone-alas for that lady fair.!l-- .: Never back to come, and the maid is dumb, for of cash he's left her bare; And her gold watch, tool; she turns quite blue ; so silly how could she-be As to trust that knave who did not shave ?-oh, goodness, gracious me I Now, 'tis very plain that this artful swain, who his lady's needful stole, Wao a rascal bold, loved nought but gold, and his passion all my whole. MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS.. 190. On one of the racing days of the Royal London Rowing Club there was a sculling match t between two gentlemen, who shall be designated by the names A and B. The conditions of the l race wore, that A was to have 100 yards' start, a and was to row to a goal marked E, while B was only to row to one marked F. When they n fist started, A's speed was to B's in the pro- rtion of 40 to 39; but, when the distance between the boats is only one-sixth of the remaining distance that A has to row, the latter E eentleman's speed became sensibly diininished, E and the relative proportion between A's and B's S peed was now in the proportion of 79 to 80, S ad the consequence of this was, that in two ixcites more the distance between the con- nding parties is three yards more than half e remaining distance which B has to row. At his critical juncture, our friend Ifr. B thought Swould put on a spurt, and he increased his ate f speed by eight yards per minute, while B r Mr. A, not being so well trained, diminished by six yards per minute; in one minute are iir. B gallantly arrives at his goal, F, T rA being at this precise juncture exactly F ree yards from his post, E. It is required, sm the above data, to find the distance which acb man has to row. 1ith hvery timid man, of the name of John at oaving read a good deal in the papers iero tero and garotting scoundrels, deter- rei fortify himself against any attack
which:might be made on him. He accordingly, one'fine morning, went into several shops in ist Oxford-street, and purchased a revolver ; which had 5 separate chambers, a life=preserver, which - was loaded with 8 ounces of lead; and a sword- cane, the sword part of which was exactly 2 en feet in length. On 'the same evening, with his purchases and about 35s. 51d., he set out to a walk home through one of the most lonely districts of London. :As he was on the point of r, going down a very narrow lan'e he heard foot- steps behind him; and, saw 5, men, all dressed r in corduroy garments, and allewith thick stihks in their hands (the ,sticks weighed exactly 1 lb. r each), when Smith thought discretion was the better part of valour; he accordingly took to ; his heels and ran home-a, distance of 3 miles -which he reached in exactly 2 minutes before i, the garotters could do it. Now, as J. Smith ran at the rate of 12 miles an hour, it is required o to find in what distance the garotters would have run in 9 hours if they had desired to evade the d pursuit of the officers of justice. 192.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. My whole contains five letters, and is the .1 name of a celebrated Grecian poet. Take away the initial, and the four remaining letters, Sslightly transposed, make the name of an ancient and very powerful city; transpose them againi and you have the name of a Chancellor of Eng- land who was beheaded. Of the two last letters now form the name of a small island off the western coast of France. 193.-AN OLD NURSERY RHYME DONE INTO LATIN. Humptius in muro concedit Dumptius alto, Humptius e muro Dumptius heu cecidit, Sed non regis equi regine exercitus omnis Humpti te Dumpti restituere loco. ANSWlERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 550 and 551, Vol. II.) 145. Cold-water-cure. 146. BAcoN. 1. Roger Bacon. 2. Francis Bacon, Lord Verulam. 3. John Bacon. 147. Montezuma-Cimon. 148. Here's to the bashful maid of fifteen. To be read-Hears (two)-THE-bee-ash- Full made of 15. 149. Because it is a cat-a-comb. 150. Because each is a penny-tent. 151. Because it's pen-sieve. 152. Because it turns to a sup-porter. 153. A stitch in time saves nine. To be read-A stitchin'-Time saves 9. 154. Spenser.
194.-TOPOGRAPHICAL. 195.-CHARADE.
I wooed and won the heart of young Clarinda- Of gentle birth was she, and wondrous fair- But when in holy bonds I sought to bind her, She said myfirst alone could grant my prayer. 'Tis true I knew my charmer did not mind her, Nor good or bad for her a button care; But for all that she very firmly said, Unless mjirfrst consent we could not wed.
Whom then I sought, full confident of meeting Her gracious sanction to my humble suit, But ah ! so cold and distant was her greeting, Her air so much my second, I stood muto- Her very aspect stilled my pulse's beating; While at her feet my wohole, a surly brute, Glared fiercely at me, till, o'ercome with dread, I seized my hat and stick, then turned and fled.
196.-PICTORIAL PROVERB. T197.-C, 197.-CHARADE.
'Twas a gay little garden, with bright flowers blooming, With serpentine walks so trim and so neat; Where, midst many odours the soft airperfuming, My lhole shed its own so delicately sweet. In thiEden there sported a fair youth, beguiling With toys and with feasting the bright sunny hours
I drew near and questioned that child so sailft Whose was this garden ?--who tended the flowers ? The innocent paused, and stood in sur " mute, Then suddenly into his rosy mouth thrust My second, a quantum of nasty unripe fruit, And thickly. replied to 'my question--lYf'