PUZZLES.
CHARADES. I. Thousands and thousands of our race Beneath my first have groaned; An evil thing in tyrant hands, It must be fairly owned. My second we may always find, And seldom need to look; Whate'er we lose, we're sure of these- So says the sacred Book. My last lies quiet and concealed, Sometirres for many a year; 'Tis oft perused with heartfelt grief, With sigh and sob and tear. My whole, when summer days are gone, Among the leafless trees Still chants her melancholy song, Sad as the wailing breeze. E. H. N II. Repeat a well known quadruped; My next you'll find in nation; My whole reveals a wicked deed Of deepest degradation.
GEOGRAPHICAL STORY. During a month named by a river that empties into the Danube; dressed in a full suit made of a city in China, which was lined with a town in the north of Hindostan, and wearing shoes made ofacountry in the north of Africa, having in the soles a city in the.south of Ireland; trimmed with large brass islands in the North Pacific Ocean, and attended by a river that flows into the Uruguay, I said the southern cape of Greenland to my friends-the two capes at the mouth of the Chesapeake bay; and picking my teeth with a bay north of the peninsula of Alaska, I started to form a town in Stark County, Ohio, with a girl who had refused an offer of marriage from a rude fellow. When I arrived, her mother, being filled with a cape in the north of Scot- land, was the capital of Mechlenberg, in Prussia, at two noisy countries separated by the Niger river, in Africa, and a port in China, but who, after all, had a largest fresh water lake daugh- ter. When I met her, I called her islands west of Morocco, and gave her
a cape in the north of Brazil, and a pound of a town north of Florence, in Italy. Then she set before us, on an empire-east of China-dish, a coun- try in Europe, which was very full of a country south of it; and some fish- balls made of a bay in Massachusetts, with a cape south of Ireland, cup of a large Asiatic island coffee, and then retired to milk a town in the Isle of
Wight. When I spoke to her about being her island in the Irish Sea, she said I was a group of islands near the Lands End, which was not a cape near Vancouver's Island ; so I told her to go to a town in Nova Scotia, put on my bay at the Isthmus of Darien, and went home, feeling worse than I ever did since the day I was a lake in Louisiana.-Selected.
PICTORIAL PUZZLE. What four celebrated Englishmen are represented in this picture? ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN OCTOBER NUMBER. ENIGaA.-Weasel-easel-salse-sea -awe-e ewe-eel-Wales-law. DIAMOND. H 13 U D C A T E S B A N T A Al S H U T T O N I A N D) E A N E R Y S M I R K SAY N