PUZZLE PAGES.
LTHOUGUl our delight is to be straightforward and " honest as this world goes," we here design and do, with malice prepense, intend to cram into these, our Puzzle Pages, as much of the Roundabout, as many mysteries, as much chicane, and halting doubt, and great misleading, as human nature will be likely to. put up with. We may say this in our favour -although, be it minded, we wish to suffer manfully for the trouble, vexation, and beating of temples we may cause-that the toast and sentiment which we shall propose at this festive season is--May you find us and our machinations out !
1.-ILLUSTRATED PROVEREB. LA Z . F ,5-C . - ... . .
2.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. SOOTPS EA. Co
Attached to bubbles oft, my first IIath figured till the bubble burst; Oft raising money like the wind, And leaving nought but wreck behind; Although, to most, a sign of sooth, Commercial honour, thrift, and truth. Absorbed in prayer, my second dwells,
Like prison'a rogues in silent cells, Condemned, alone, to bear the cross, Till purified from earthly dross. My last, an empty-headed thing, Doth often make the welkin ring; My whole, with thought and laughter joined, Is aye with joy and mirth combined.
3.--PICTORAL CHARADE. Fri-- d~~;~ ~·I"
BMy first, with half my second, strong, Is fain to urge the steed along; Or in the warehouse to enfold The goods it keeps in firmest hold; My second in the forest wide Its dappled form is sooth to hide, Or swiftly o'er the mountain height
It hurries on in mazy flight; My third, when armed, in danger's front Is bold to bear the battle's brunt; And yet in peace in safety bears The household goods of many cares; My whole a town in Spain provides, And gives to light the things she hides.
4.--PICTORIAL CHAIADE. I~iý I ý
My first, in battle's wild alarms, Calls the soldier fierce to arms, Rouses all his courage dire, Weary, wakens all his fire; Bears within its circle fair Sweetest fruits with safest care, Welcome as the youthful crowd
Break its head, with laughter loud; My second holds, for good or ill, All of mortal thoughts or shill, All of virtue, or of vice, All of knowledge without price; My whole, when beat, like naughty boys, Produces but an empty noise.
5.-PICTORIAL CHARADE.
All know me well, as, silent still, I offer them my breast; Yet few there are, for love or will, Would seek in me their rest. And yet my first is pleasing, when With kindly air 'tis worn; And coitrasts well when fast young men %/
Hold virtue up to scorn. My second, in a clever hand, Metes out to maidens fair. The means wherewith they may expan And sail with modish air; My second, also, apropos 's Another place for hanging clothes.