PUZZLE PAGES. 456.-CHARADE.
Y first's an article-but, by the way, Not of consumption : though, if you aspire To eat it-well! I must admit you may- So while the sun shines make what you desire. Yet if my meaning you should fail to get, SAnd with a questioning interjection cap My explanation, I'm prepared to bet, Soon as you speak, there is the very chap ! ' My second's something queer. And, queerer still, You'll find it ne'ertheless is good to drink. A curious beverage Take of it your fill, And what it is you'll feel yourself, I think. In moderation, though, 'tis good as wine ; But if I say more I shall be declarative, So I'll but add-I'm positive this fine Liquor's superlative from its comparative ! My wuhole is not a book, though it has leaves, Is not a fish, though it thrives best in water. A finer robe its field-born sister weaves Than decked King Solomon or Pharaoh's daughter. It wears a garment of unsullied white, It bears a sceptre of the yellow gold, And if you guess my puzzle's name aright- Why then, of course, you won't have to be told ! 457.-CHARADE.
M3y first looked down on a tranquil sea, On a night that breathed of balm; No zephyr ruffled the ocean's breast, To disturb its utter calm. A tempest had swept o'er the mighty deep, But it scarcely left a trace- Like passionate sobs and tears that pass, And leave but A smiling face.
Ripple, bright sea, o'er treacherous depths, Lie smooth, 0 kirkyard green I The careless swallow takes little heed Of the tempests that rage between. But my whole, like a pilvery spirit-hand, Doth lie with a sense of rest On turbulent heart and on angry sea, As well as on earth's green breast I
But my second lay on the ocean's breast, Which heaved it to and fro, But so gently, that the little sea-birds Oft stopped to perch there now. 'Twas a rib of the gallant ship, that once Had braved the billows' strife, Like a skull thrown up on earth's green ware, That surges o'er what was life.
458.-AN ACTED CHARADE. Miss Parkleton's wealthy, Miss Parkleton's old, And has lots of relations who value her highly. "You're sure to be dear if you're worth lots of gold," Says Parchment the lawyer, and winks very slily. Miss Parkieton's taken uncommonly worse- At the news kith and hin to her dwelling have flocked o'er. They hire her a very experienced nurse, And send off at once for a notable doctor. The doctor arrives-sees his patient-looks graver, Piescribes her a draught, and prescribes her a pill, But adds that he fears no exertions can save her. And that's the first syllable act of - - . Miss Parkleton feels that her end's drawing near; The wealth she so valued begins now to cloy her, So she signs for the nurse, and she says in her ear, "Have the goodness to fetch Mr. Parchment the lawyer." Mr. Parchment arrives, shakes his head at her plight, Asks what he can do for his client respected; --_. And when Miss P. says, " My instructions, please, write, For disposing my property," does as directed. He sits down at a table which stands her bed near by, He smooths out the paper and picks out a quill, And commences, "I, Martha Jane Parkleton, hereby"- And that's second syllable act of - - . Miss Martha Jane Parkleton's gone-she is dead. And her various relations at Parchment's assemble To hear her last testament audibly read. They're all in a fuss, and they're all in a tremble I And the feelings they all entertain to each other ! Niece is jealous of nephew, and cousin hates cousin, Brother cannot bear sister, and sister shuns brother- Not one's kindly disposed out of all the two dozen. But Miss Parkleton's death they have one common pain in- They all profess love of her mnmory-till They find she's left all to a Hospital Canine, When she, too, comes in for her share of - - .
X59.-ENXIGMA.
Three letters rightly form my name, That is not blazoned much to .fae, If I must candid be-in all My various forms I am but small:;. And yet I generally please Through the comparative degrees. I'm sometimes white, more.often black,. Yet differing hues I do not lack. The sky itself has often lent Thb azure of the firmament. I'm wrought in silver, gold, steel, wire, Earth, stone, and flesh; in short you'd tire If my whole story I deliver, So go and seek me-in a river I Perhaps you'll find me in a gate To an eld cathedral's state. In the East, a lowly door' Open to the meek and poor. In a needle do I dwell, Yet ofttimes am invisible, As when some tell you that you'll find Me out at sea, within the wind, Or when I'm seated in your mind. I have no custair, though I wear A graceful fringe of;silken hair; I own no box, yet have .a2id, 'Neath which my ceaseleass;priiglis hid. I have a mate, but,.dloinot:doulzt.e, He manages to doswithout .me In these degenerate d ys,ad{;tlirzes- On holes,a ei4loops instead Q4lfl~ iaaM
Great is my power o'er man and beast, From the greatest to the least; And if you) choose to: run the risk Youflljfind me in:the basilisk I Or,,if my.metal I am put on, In Pio Nono s,leg of mutton! I can attract,.repel, invite, Fix or command, disgust, delight; . I speak, though;silent-oft betray More than my master cares to say. My windows oftenare,~no "doubt, Means for the tenant'to look out; While oft, though strangers may not mark, I keep him closed in endless dark ; Or,,with a discontented mind, Persist in pulling down the blind. Sometimes my mate and I are sweet, And so much given to try and meet, Our master a divorce decrees ! (These owners are so hard to please !) When of my other half, alas ! I am bereaved, I take a glass I Such is.my tale: this worldof,-troublo Necessitates some seeing double. But you must find me out, I think, You cannot-,hesitate. a wink I ,Qr 1sbhdfancy yon-rheml-sgjiint! If.: soobtm e to evey-"hint,; 'For.nod or-wink, weosjxely find, Are was QuonsahQare lat'asblind!
AsISWE1S xo. }:DO eztADEQ I :!(r(ages. 36fý, 3617,,,and&.3L$8*.)'
44p:. Soe1edgargoltdier). 430: Orioket. 431. Man-of-war. 432. Tartan. 433. High-low. 434. Net. 435. Teacup. 436. A leaf. 437. Rushlight.
438. I.athematician. 489. Sunrise. 440. "The doctor clasped his ponderous Barrow."-Pr'yed. 441. A box. 442. E-spying-B.-whaling. 443. Gunpowder. 444. Buttress. 445. A turnspit.