PUZZLE PAGES.
te ·-\ a II B a
-AN ENIGMATICAL VALENTINE FOR ANY BOY'S OWN DULCINEA. F01 uttering my first one day a noble lost his head; MIy second never can be me, but somebody else instead; ly third is what we all should have, and very frankly own to; My fourth a precious living thing that I'm of all best known to; y fifth is but a little link, a very brief conjunction; Mly sixth, my fourth repeated-well, I may say with an unction ; Mly seventh is my third again, and is my fourteenth also; My eighth yourself, my own sweet love, I fondly hope to call so ! My ninth to me, my sweetheart, may you never have to utter, And may my tenth ne'er do worse work than spreading bread and butter; ly eleventh, I think, all agree a naughty word for boys is, And oft becomes, we know, the cause of home and school-life noises; 1My twelfth it is a "slangy" word that means, I hear, retire- Ne'er spoken from your coral lips to me, my heart's desire Iy thirtecnth indicates a happy phase of close communion Of mine and thine, not mine nor thine, nor thine nor mine, but union.
My fourteenth is the sweet refrain of numbers seven and three; My fifteenth is a grammar link, as you will plainly see; My sixteei,th is a number, and it ends my little rhyme, And what's my whole to ask I hope you will not count a crime- It breathes a gentle sentiment which is altogether mine; Ah, happy me if I could see that it were also thine! My heart's devotion is your own, my fairy columbine,; Accept the season's compliments; and be my valentine 1 C ONUTBl RMS:, 5. " WII is de last two lines, of my song like how you ought for to behave at meeting ?" said Pompey to Sambo: 6. Why is a rose like silence? 7. If you were skating in company with your sweetheart,, and she were to fall, what curious transformation would take place ? 8. Let it be granted you are a teetotaller. Why do you break your pledge every time your young lady leans on your arm ? 9. Why should you think a young clergyman without a living woul make a good arithmetician? 10. Why is every sufferer from toothache a landed proprietor? 11. Why does a courteous gentleman put you in mind of the dog in the manger ? 12. If a drunken coachman were trying to drive over a precipice, w'ht heathen deity would the horses name, supposing they were endowed nith speech ? 13. Why does every drunken man who is summoned belong to the peerage ? 14. Why can't the highest municipal authority be an equestrian? 15. Why are poultry always necessarily dirty? 16. What do we know of Adam and Eve that leads us to trace our orign to a fruit-tree? 17. Why is a rifle battalion like apples and nuts ? 18. What park is it that has no trees or turf in it? 19. How can you drink a bottle of ginger-beer without breaking the bottle, drawing the cork, or boring it? 20. When is grass in fashion ? 21. What class of people would be the most appropriate and cheapet for housing troops? 22. What sort of ball does our Poet Laureate resemble?
Mro. RICHARD A. Rows, of Frognal Lodge, Hampstead, offers, as a ulant for others to do the same, a prize of a handsome volume for the st correct and best written solution of the following Cryptograph. .RoIWE adds that all solutions are to be sent to the above address on or fore the 20th of February, stating age last birthday. 23.-Fl $ThE Rqfh xfsrq di w l fb Zkhq elugw dwh okib IDqg prqrfbv, fkhzhg Wkhgj sti] wzrn slii Wr pdhma wkhp wrxjk Dqg vr whtv wkh zkroh ri wwlkh pdwwhu Vhqg wzr vwdpw iru Srvwdjh ri sulch.-U., D'. ITzh. I am of no great sire; not six inches: across at my widest part, yet I stain a most marvellous collection of articles. One of the most valued of imports from Africa-for which we have to thank the elephant-grows thin my confines; the resinous produce of an Eastern tree I always stain; and I always possess a dainty which figures often at wedding eakfasts. Though so limited in my size, I often bound 4"840 square t, nay, sometimes double and treble that area. For the better enervation of the various commodities I contain, I am well roofed in, d at the same time perfectly ventilated. My atmosphere is such, that me things stored in .me, soon melt. I am fitted up with elaborate 'ring and crushing machinery, and am enabled to cut, crush, and herwise convert my warehoused goods when requisite. When I ye converted raw material .into the required form I have an under ound communication with another and larger wareroom, to which are asported the goods previous to their final dispersement. By rights my rs should always be closed at night, but this is not always done. To empt to name the various things I at times contain would be useless, so eat is their variety. The delicate machinery I have mentioned requires orough attention every morning, as it is liable to get out of order, and soon ecays. The influence I have on the world is immense. From my boun- ries have been issued orders that have changed the destinies of the ord. The great Napoleon used me for those stirring addresses to his raves, and there is no doubt that I served Wellington during the Battle IYaterloo. But, alas! I am often degraded and ill-used. But enough: hat am I?
"ý ý . ý, - R - ata I)~ 0 ^ 0 ,Y/1 " o~y k'ýý.ýýr iý`ýlw Ste ( ý,
25.-AN ENIGMATICAL RESPONSE FROM DULCINEA. I HAVE received your valentine, and on it pass no stricture, But in return I send to you this pretty little picture. Believe me, I can understand the doubts and fears that plague you- Now burning hot, now shivering cold, as if you had the ague. You see, in our little sketch, a scared and trembling Cupid, Who by a wondrous ugly mask has been most sadly dupbd; My own impression is that Love is often thus affrighted, 'Taking for real what is but jest, until the thing gets righted. Boy! just because Dulcinea frowned, or sulked, or cried, or pout(ed, Believe you she was really cross, or your true faith hath doubted? And yet such whimsies oft are played in silly lovesick brain, Brains that could not produce, I fear, of common sense a grain. Am I quite sure that this is not your own unwise condition? Come frankly up and tell us, sir-say, what is your petition? Always make sure of what you mean before you dare to ask, And never grow dejected if coy woman wears a mask; Yours it is to make of what I've written in one line- To tell you in nine words that I am your own valentine.