1^азаш
31. DOUBLE ACROTIC. A town you may in Holland find ; A Russian country bring to mind ; I'm in the south of Ireland found ; A Belgie city I expound; As quarter of the world I'm shown ; And as an English town I'm known. Now take initials of the same, Which with the final letters name, Two rivers, one of them between Two English cities may be seen, And into it doth run the Trent— The other may be found in Kent PICTORIAL REBUS. Iago. SICII ENTIRE 3?. ENIGMA. We're the fashion of late ; aad by maidens forlorn, And belles of the season are tastefully worn ; With gen'ral elections, with finery too, We truly may say we have something to do. We're noticed in churches, in churchyards, and roads ; We're used by great writers in various modes : In contracts important we may have been seen, But then we were reckoned decidedly mean ; And bachelors fifty years old, and above, Perchance may have termed us sharp lessons in love : Alas ! we are present ie sickness and pain, When from misery's cup sinners drink the last drain ; There are heroes in England who wear us with pride For their valorous deeds, which are known far and wide, And as certain as stars in the firmament shiue, To stop us in ono form 'tis the School Board's design. J. Cobweb. PICTORIAL REBUS. "(He (iirmetf Ж^ 83. FOREIGN TOWNS ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. A female name, a colour reversed, α rodan, and a preposition. 2. A note iu music, two-thirds of a vehicle, and the present time. 3. Part of a circle, a vowel, and help reversed. 4, An nrticle, а number, and a border. 5. Aloft, and three-fourths of an author's name. 0. A girl's name, and α company. 7. Three-fourths of a demand, a pronoun, nnd a gash. Я. An English river, to depart, and а musical term. 9. To stumble, α vowel, and two-thirds of a false statement. 10. A town in France, and a river in England. 11. A boy's name, level, and α preposition. 1Ϊ. A tree, α vowel, and α denial. Charles Marsh. PICTOMAL REBUS. ΐ 34. DECAPITATION. A town in England if you behead, Another one you'll have instead. Crocodile. 35. HIDDEN RIVERS. * A pretty needle case, for fortunate Esther ; that rent is mended well ; and needles are so useful. W. H. Thomson. Answers to the above will appear in No. 10.