PUZZLE PAGES. 401.-CHARADE.
SLHIE master of Ravenswood saddles his steed; -.My first it has been at his sorest need; From Wolf's Hope crags, from the ruined to,%, It carried him well to the maiden's bower, In his ancestor's home, and bore him where Lay wedded and buried the bride so fair, r It has borne him well in field and fray, But a longer journey it travels to-day, For he " stables his steed at the Kelpie's for, o \ a And his name will be lost for evermoe !" " "The Kelpie has come from his Norland ca;e. He has muttered his charms to wind and wave; His eldrich laughter, so shrill and high, Is heard on the wind as it passes by; For on my dangerous whole is spread For the last of his race a cold last bed. The sea-birds shall pipe, and the billows rave, O'er the master of Ravenswood's nameless grave. He has wooed the dead maiden-the Kelpie's flow Hides him and his steed for evermoe ! The sea is calm, and the morn smiles fair On my second's expanse as he passes there; But my treacherous whole engulphs him fast, Till rider and steed from sight have passed Like a fading mist or a morning dream, While my second echoes the gleeful scream Of the Kelpie's laugh; where my whole was crossed Is one long black plume on my second tossed ! And the sea-birds pipe o'er the Kelpie's flow A dirge for one lost for evermoe ! 405.-PISCATOR'S PUZZLE.
I once went out a-fishing, A-fishing in the sea, And a very odd lot of fish I got, As you will shortly see. For first I caught a sunbeam, And a portion of a shoe, With a piece of moorland heather, And a pretty lassie too. I caught a situation To which I had an eye. And a prickly hinder portion That floated gently by. I caught a cooling apple, And a wildling sour as well, A tollgate from the king's highway, And a past tense of a emeil.
An insect on a streamlet, And a verb that disagrees, A crooked letter listening, And the signet of the seas. A shoe for icy weather, A thing to roast your meat, Some lime-wash for your ceiling, And a feathered creature's soat. I caught a woman's jewel. A letter on a card, And the hirsute one of ocean, Who was shod with an extra yarl. The last thing I caught was a turm:n, And that was enough for me; So that was the end of my fishing In the wonderful deep blue sea.
406.--REBUS. a word of five letters only; but if you a lesson from bell-ringers and play the es upon me, my combinations are infinite. ginal word as it stands, spelt with three nants and two vowels, signifies a weapon rly in great repuite,, and still of much use avage nations. ,nf.s1oe-me, and I give ome fruit of a wI nda delicious e, chiefly imported rom ernsey and y. Cut o~ibne lt t, iI'give you a transpose me, and bht ýir cor' ; again, peel your fruit. ,Altei! the l~ft, and I at a large form of'te monkey tri4 o eou, if you transpose aginynou willcosvert a very largely-used leguminous food. the letter again, and you will have the s of a sense; transpose, and you level me e ground again, and you mark me with Alter my letters again,!and I grate for when, if you behead me, I become a nous reptile. Alter the letters again, and upon "'Change;" transpose me, and I to a "medium." Alter me three times , and I become successively the material for ss, the blood of a plant, and what you be. Finally, use my whole five letters more, and if you are accustomed to the useful grammatical exercise they show you, inlzk you ought to be able to make out all meanings. 407.-CHARADE. rst and my second had quarrelled one day, utiful morn in the middle of May; my first, " Why, you foolish and impotent thing, thwart all my rays ? why for ever thus ling up chilly moisture o'er blossom and tree, O they wake in the morning to gaze upon e ?" Scocd replied, " Surely mine is the wrong, herever my refuge the summer-night long, n you lift in the heavens your glowing red face, swallow me up in the lowliest place; e loneliest sno0tlii, thle pooret spt, ook doth exist wlere you findld~n.eot 11' no sure," said myfirst,g" that' pply smile on glittering drops for a, little t eve; oured on your head mý fiercesrays would understand what I meant by a laze ." eed," sighed my second; !t]e verdant bowers, with nourishing drops I jewel the flowers; refore, then, must you, 0 God of Day, sscorch me up with your fiery ray ?"
"I voW," cried' my first, "that I mean no harm ; And if my glances are somewhat warm, Temper them, dear, with your cooling kiss, Then surely nothing will be amiss." So tý'ey -iyisely made up the quarrel and then Made tual treaty to benefit men. Myfirst ge.e ·a promise his ardour to rein; y eeonpovea ever to quit her omain; And as s :gbfi of eh'eaty, a seal to the scroll, iT.ly iini'itdd (is' tider a patent)'ny whole. Ts:w sivt~ e' blossom, tifs mark of their 1bgshing features of both; For mI t rtsues from his own glowing And mii adorned it with diamonds So whenever you see it remember the quarrel Of my first and:,my second, and notice the moral : That sweet is the pidron and mutual amends Of a speedy forgiveness 'twixt two loving friends. 408.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The windows whence the soul doth look on life; A brief repose, oft snatched 'mid busy strife; A nation warm at heart, and rash of hand; The normal mood of a vivacious land; A " two-forked" creature, who supremely reigns; A favourite plan for gaining fresh domains. Myfirst displays the intellectual task Our Magazine doth of its readers ask. It bids them whet their wit, and clear their brain, The mysteries set before them to explain. My second, who has aged grown and grey, Since Edipus called on her in his way, Bids younger tyros solve the riddle fast, Or tremble at her sentence on them passed. ANSWERS TO .CHARADES, &e. (Pages 550, 551, and 552, Vol. IV.) 372. Childhood. 373. Keyhole. 374. MANLIus (PUBLIUS). 1. Manlius (Tor- qtgatus). 2. Athens. 3. Nineveh. 4. Ligarins. 5. Ithaca. 6. United States. 7. Spartans. 375. Book-worm. 376. A pack of cards. 377. Because he's 'ropped'off his perch. 378. Almond--Martin-Arch-Zany-Oak North. AIAzo. 379. Crane-court (crane caught). 380. Cinnamon-A-Rat-Bomb-Umbrella - Nathanael - Cook - Lead - Etna. CAR- BUNCLE.
409.-POETICAL PUZZLE. What line in Longfellow's "Evangeline" does this illustrate ? - -~-.<-~- .-.--.-~-
410.-ENIGMA
I'm a crawling creature of humble birth, And live upon juicy green-meat, Yet the doctors oft order consumptive foliks My nourishing jelly to eat. Behead me, I give you the horny shield That grows on a creature's paw, Which in animals lower than man assumes The form of a hoof or claw. In iron wrought I am widely used ;
So vast is my application, That I form a bartered currency With many a savage nation; While civilised people cannot dispense With me for their different races; I join their fractures, I mend their splits, I fix up all in their places. Yet I betray, when beheaded again, Sickness and sorrow, suffering, pain.
411.-FOUR PICTURED PARTICIPLES. -£ , J'IsT il CONUNDDRUMS. 412. Why is a poker like an angry word ? 413. Why is Horniman's pure tea like newly-fallen snow