PUZZLE COMPETITION.
1. The finals give the name of one of the seven wise men of Greece:- (1) The name of the stone pillars which measure the height of the river Nile. (2) The Queen who founded the city of Carthage. (3) A Jewish silver coin. (4) Food obtained from the palm tree. (5) A cape in the South of India. 2. HIDDEN PROVE RB.- Sa a a a c d eeeeee e e fs ghhhiii mm nn cooorrrssssttttuvy. 3. Mention a small animal which has in its name two of each of the following letters-HII, I, C, L. 4. MISSED LETTER PuzzLE.-The following will give some well-known lines from Shakespeare:- Ixnxwxbxnxwxexexnxhxwxlxtxyxexlxwx. Wxexexxxixsxnxtxexoxdxnxvxoxexgxoxs. Qxixexvxrxaxoxixdxixhxuxhxoxdxixe. Wxtxsxextxuxkxoxexaxdxishxgxaxtxnx. 5. ENIGMA.- My first is in food, but not in drink. My second's in chain, but not in link. My third is in mourning, but not in joy. My fourth is in plaything, but not in toy. My fifth is in woman, but not in a girl. My sixth is in golden, but not in a curl. My whole-ah ! how sad and how bitter the wail When the corn and potatoes and barley all fail ! 6. NUnERICAL PUZZLE.- My whole is an instrument for conveying sound. My 1, 6, 9=an adjective. My 6, 4, 2, 3=a part of the foot. My 5, 7, 3, 9= a long piece of wood. MIy 8, 7, 1, 4=a short letter. 7. BEHEADED WOIDS.-I am a swift motion of light; behead me, I am an instrument for correction; behead again, I am a tree; ,curtail me, I am an adverb and a preposition. I am a particle of fire; behead me, I am a piece of ground enclosed for recreation; behead again, I am a close, large vessel or ship. I am a beautiful fruit; behead me, I am a small seed; behead me, I am one of the monkey tribe. I am a field bird; behead me, I am one who loves; be- head me, I am above. 8. AnITnneonor.- 1050+1500+e, a, r, a, a=a preserve. 151+501+1000+o, e=an abode. 100+100+4+s, s, s, u, e, e=consecutive. 50 + 1050+a, a=a South American animal. 1051+105+0, o, o, t, e=changing place. 9. There is a quaint old town, the capital of a duchy, in a lovely valley on the banks of a river. It has several trades and manufactures, and an ancient castle. The name is familiar to us all, as giving its title to a prince who was dear to every English heart. Name the town, the river, and the prince. 10. ]BuIunD Towxs.- Do you remember lining that basket ? If that house does not sell, I may take it. I hope you will keep some for yourself. She sent a reminder by Thomas. November never comes in without fogs. Shall I let the bird fly or keep it a prisoner ? Jane made all those pies herself. St. Leonards is a little west of Hastings. Nine Prizes and Twue'e Cerl·(icinl.'s will be givan jbfr the best anslcers recicled by Feb. Umh. See Rules, pal.e I .