PUZZLE PAGES.
LTHOUGH onr delight is to be straightforward and "honest as this world goes," we here design and do, with malice prepense, intend to cram into these, our Puzzle Pages, as isleading, as human nature will be likely to put up with. We may say this in our favour although, be it minded, we wish to suffer manfully for the trouble, vexation, and boating temples we may cause-that the toast and sentiment which we shall propose at this festive cason is-May you find us and our machinations out!
1.--,ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. A - - ,' . . LI~ [ " 4 ;,. I
2.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. o u oU0-1EA:Co
Attached to bubbles oft, my first IMath figured till the bubble burst; Oft raising money like the wind, And leaving nought but wreck behind; Although, to most, a sign of sooth, Commercial honour, thrift, and truth. Absorbed in prayer, my second dwells,
Like prison'd rogues in silent cells, Condemned, alone, to bear the cross, Till purified from earthly dross. My last, an empty-headed thing, Doth often make the wellin ring; MIy whole, with thought and laughter joined, Is aye with joy and mirth combined.
8.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. -R,
Iy first, with half my seco:nd, strong, Is fain to urge the steed along; Or in the warehouse to enfold The goods it keeps in firmest hold; My second in the forest wide Its dappled form is sooth to hide, Or swiftly o'er the mountain height
It hurries on in mazy flight; My third, when armed, in danger's front Is bold to bear the battle's brunt; And yet in peace in safety bears The household goods of many cares; My whole a town in Spain provides, And gives to light the things she hides.
4.-PICTORIAL CHARA DE. III"i ~ ... I C
My first, in battle's wild alarms, Calls the soldier fierce to arms, Rouses all his courage dire, Weary, wakens all his fire ; Bears within its circle fair Sweetest fruits with safest care, Welcomo as the youthful crowd
Bre~.k its head, with laughter loud; My second holds, for good or ill, All of mortal thoughts or skill, All of virtue, or of vice, All of knowledge without price; My whole, when beat, like naughty boy, Produces but an empty noise.
5.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. 03 L 'A%
All Imow me well, as, silent still, I offer them my breast; Yet few there are, for love or will, Would seek in me their rest. And yet my first is pleasing, when With kindly air 'tis worn; And contrasts well when fast young men
Hold virtue up to scorn. My second, in a clever hand, Metes out to maidens fair The means wherewith they may exl.".::, And sail with modish air; My second, also, apropos 's Another place for hanging clothes.