PUZZLE PAGES. 446.-CHARADE.
W- AS a late frosty night That my young plants did bite, And it just played Old Nick with my greens i For each tender, fresh shoot Was cut down to the root- It destroyed all my first crop of beans ! I had " tic" in my head, And I tossed in my bed, As I muttered, " This virulent weather Will destroy all the hopes I had set in my crops, And the prizes at shows altogether !" I heard a faint noise, -*--I' I m1iiii But I fancied the boys Were trying to plunder my apples, Or my choice winter pears, So I crept down the stairs, Prepared for some vigorous grapples I
I find all safe and right, Save a mark just in sight, Of my first on the parterre behold I Fruit can't be the reason, For 'tis not in season, But there was the mark on the mould ! And just where the butt Of rain-water doth jut, When each nook and each corner I've sought, A shadow I see, Which my second must be, And I boldly rush on, to find-nought ! So I creep back to bed With a cold in my head, While each limb has a separate shiver, Till I doze, with a scream Waking up from a dream Of standing all night in a river i
My villa is sold, And I've left all my gold To charities; now I am lonely, My wdole I eschew, I am waited on now By some neat-handed Phyllises only I
Next morning I find, When I draw up my blind, That the mark of my first is still there, Of my second, as certain As that this is the curtain, As every beholder can swear I I hastily flurry Down-stairs in my hurry, Nor hope to see fork, tongs, or spoon- Alas 1 they're all there; 'Twas my Emmeline fair That eloped by the light of the moon I That iniquitous Jeames Set her young heart in flames, On her bountiful fortune he reckoned; So he knelt at myfirst, And my whole, as the worst She selected-alas ! of my second!
447.-D MISTRESS MARY'S CONTRADICTIONS. Mistress Mary, Who once was contrary, As related of old in all nursery fictions, Her employment to vary, Has turned lite-rary, And sends you a few of her last contradictions !
I. Iy sole piece of furniture's always a bed, Though I'm not known to sleep, and I have not a head; No pillow, no sheets, and no blankets .to spread. A mantle I wear, which is part of my skin; Ican boast of a beard though I :have not a chin, Inl I'm out of my bed while you're tucking me in I II. I am black-no, I'm white-I am chestnut or grey; Iam not alive, yet I live every day.
I run upon four legs, or stand upon two ; Sometimes I ne'er travel, at others I do. I follow the hounds, or I gdto the wars; Sometimes without legs, I've two feet and three bars I Now and then I am wooden, am painted afresh, At others a somewhat large portion of flesh. 'When I am not alive your linen I air, Oreaupply you with, products of hide, hoof, and lhair. ILuphbld all your portables, cider or beer; If you can't find me out, just a word in your ear- You deserve my whip well laid about you, I fear I
448.-CHARADE.
Wisdom and Folly went out one day, And met with each other upon the way. SHo, ho I friend Gravity !" Folly cried, "Come travel with me on the flowery side. I'll jingle my bells, and enliven the way With the last new sports that I've heard to-day." But Wisdom smiled as the jester beckloned, And vowed that his course must be my second. "Rugged and rough it seems, I k-now; ily progress to you is doubtless slow; But when all the ups and downs are reckoned, I'm sure you'll acknowledge my way's my second. Then Folly into a loud laugh burst, And over and over repeated my first;
He jingled his bells in Wisdom's eyes, And taunted him sorely as over-wise; And called on my whole, who gambolled by With gesture bland, and a roving eye. She flourished her garland in Wisdom's face, But spent all in vain every wile and grace. " Go ! idle pair I" did the old man say, " Pursue for awhile your heedless way; Male for a time my whole your first, You'll find at the last you have chosen worst. My whole at first it may gild the road, But she never can make a long abode. You'll soon discover that she has wings, And leaves you my second of sadder things. Woe unto those whom my whole has nursed, They'll bitterly rue such a useless first."
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.)
-14. Ring-dove. 415. Birch-broom. 416. Ore. 417. MIouth. 418. Pippin. 419, 1. Coffee. 2. Toast. 3. Muflins. 4. Bcf. 5. Ham. 6. Sole. 7. Smelt. 8. Plaice. i. Spinach. 10. Turnip. 11. Trifle. 12. Cream. 13. Puffs. 14. Shortbread. 15. Macaroni. 16. lulls. 17. Punch. 18. Sherry.
420. N-joining- X-planing - B-daubing- D-filing. 421. Flag. 423. Because it makes a clark of the lark. 424. Because you can't have beauty without them. 425. Because he makes ice nice. 426. Because it turns rifles into trifles. 427. Because U must always go after T. 428. Because it converts ash into cash.
449.-AN ACTED CHARADE.
'Tis dark as pitch; they can't tell which The path is that will lead them rightly, These travellers lone, who'd fain be shown Their way with torches burning brightly. Or right or wrong they grope along The road, but hold each other tightly, With horror cold, and terror pale: That's the first act of - - -.
_C iII ,, I :-I9 :·· ~cc~c~ v·
They go to bed-when overhead A storm bursts forth with fury frightful i Loud out-of-doors the wild blast roars- The rain beats down with vigour spiteful. So fierce the shower, in half-an-hour, Of water is the cellar quite full. It blows great guns I The travellers quail. That's the third act of
Ah, now they reach their goal, and each Declares the hostel snug and charming. They soon forget darkness and wet, At blazing fires their cold limbs warmin1 So good the cheer's, they laugh at fears Which late they looked on as alarming; Their supper, flanked with stoops of ale, Forms the next act of - -
The storm is o'er. It rains no more. And now the silver moon is flinging Its beams around upon the ground, And lo I two lovers, closely clinging, Steal through the grove, while sweet above The dusky bird of night is singing; Its music soft runs through the tale. And that's the last act of
450.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
1. A milky mother's baby young, 2. A cordial pleasant to the tongue, 3. The isle of green 'midst desert waste, 4. The act of putting out in haste, 5. A canton of the Switzer's soil, 6. An airy voice that mocks our toil, 7. A useful metal from the mine; The first and last of these combine, And the first word at once will name Our modern belles' most fav'rite game; A lingering, lazy, flirting sport, That men of the Dundreary sort
Can dawdle through with languid grace, While gazing on each pretty face. My second word the fiat gives That rules o'er many modern lives, Measures their robes, ordains their Lounet, And plans the trimming that is on it; Or (Banting-led) prescribes their fare, And teaches what to eat or wear, That with more power than common sense Spans crinoline's circumference I In short, myfirst its empire gains Entirely by my second's chains.
CONUNDRUMS.
451. Why does the transposition of two letters constitute all the difference betsween ad ostentatious millionaire and a tattered beggar ? 452. Why is a beggar prevented by his name from repairing his rents ? 453. Why is a rich man like a rookery ? 454. Why need we never expect Japanese Daimios to pay their debts ? 455. Where should we expect to m t an of them who happened to be in England ?