PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
H, what a cold raw disagreeable month March has been this year ! People say it comes in like a lion and goes out like a lamb, but if it has been like a lamb at all it was because \ . \\ of its white fleece of snow. At any rate it was very cold lamb indeed ! Let us hope that April will be more plea- sant. You will see that I have given . you Taurus, the Bull, in the initial, the sign of the Zodiac Ss for April; and just below that, in an April shower, the genius who presides over the 1st, when little people are sent to purchase strap oil, or a lump of ice, well warmed through, or half a pint of pigeon's milk : which by the way is not quite such an April fool's mission as people used to think, for the parent pigeon feeds its young with some- thing very like curdled milk from its crop. I wonder what was the origin of All Fools' Day; I don't think I have ever seen an explanation of it, though I have often assisted at its celebration both as victim and as joker. One of our favourite tricks at school, and it had the advantage of being a harmless one, was to make up little brown paper parcels of waste paper, or to fill paper bags with it, and throwing them out on the pavement, watch through the wire blind what the finders did
with them. Some would stop and examine and finally open them; some would pop them quickly into their pockets and hurry on, and I remember one very scrupulous person took his find to the policeman, who, on opening it, no doubt suspected our honest friend of playing him a practical joke. Suppose we have something seasonable for our first puzzle:- (A.) A DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Where is Mary, little Mary? She has gone off to the dairy, Pigeon's milk to get a quart of. Where is Tom ? Off did he hie To the cobbler's stall, to buy Strap oil, which the coachman's short of. i. Above the province of Bengal Dark clouds of fearful import brood; The starving natives faint and fall, And cry with dying lips for food. 2. With epaulettes, and feather, And sash, he altogether Is fitted in his dress so smart To win a silly maiden's heart. 3. Beneath the sea he makes his bed, He wears a beard, but not a head. 4. The Desert's Ship is the Arab's pride, As it crosses the sands with its swinging stride ; But in South America you may view As useful a beast of burden too i 5. Once.did Professor Pepper show A ghost that used to come and go; And every other ghost, I ween, Would prove the same if closely seen. 17 ý
6. Stride along! You are strong, as you bound o'er the ground Ne'er your equal was found in the whole country round. 7. They drove Macbeth to bay at last, They scaled his fortress high, " Come on ! " he cried, " Here stand I fast. In armour will I die !" I daresay you all know the story of Mac- beth as told by Shakspeare, and very likely some of you have seen it at the Crystal Palace where it has been recently acted. You will remember that he was a noble, who, after having by good fortune been several times promoted to different lordships, came at last to be king though he did not deserve it, and had no hereditary claim to the throne. His success was a proof that blind Fortune dispenses her gifts in a very arbitrary way, and does not always reward merit, while she often heaps prosperity on those who have no right to it. But frequently as in Macbeth's case she only lifts them up the higher, it would seem, that their downfall may be the more decided. I will give you a proverb which describes the fickle conduct of Fortune :- (B.) A PICTORIAL PROVERB. It seems that most of you like the Square and Diamond Puzzles. In fact, I find that as a rule you prefer those that are easy to those
that are at all difficult, but I fear that as the months go by I shall have to make the puzzles harder and harder, so as to give me a final clue towards the distribution of the prizes. However, in the meantime, I will give you (C.) A DIAMOND PUZZLE. i. A sibilant. 2. What the tropics are. 3. Green food. 4. An Eastern race. 5. What will give you a spark. 6. A product of Cathay. 7. A liquid. The Answer Perpendicular is a combatant. The Answer Horizontal is a people he conquered. There is a sort of Square Puzzle which has been suggested to me, and of which I will give you an example before setting you one to do. In this, not only the initial and top lines, and the final and bottom lines are the same, but the 2nd line perpendicular is the same as the 2nd line horizontal, and so on. For instance, the square is a square of four, and the steps as follows. I. A Giant. 2. Profit. 3. Peel. 4. Terminations. The answer is OGR E. GAI N. R IND. END S. Here you see the words " Ogre," "Gain," " Rind " and " Ends " occur both perpendicu- larly and horizontally. Now let us see what you make of this, we will call it (D.) A SQUARE-OF-EACH-WORD PUZZIE. a. Candid. 2. To remove the rind. 3. The Greek for Love. 4. A bird's home. That is not a very difficult one to begn with, especially with the example above to help you. I daresay in this uncertain month, with its changeable showery days, you will have plenty of time to give to your Puzzles, eslpe' cially as there will be Easter holidays for some of you. I daresay you will often find
yourself looking sadly out of window, watch- ing the drops running down the pane, and wishing the showers would " go to Spain." Here is a seasonable puzzle for you in the shape of (E.) A PICTORIAL, DOUBLE AcRoscTIC. A However, let us hope that now and then we shall have snatches of fine weather between the storms when we can get out for a str9ll; for the country will be beginning to look really springlike soon if that horrid old Winter will but pack up his baggage and get him gone, instead of hanging his white linen out to dry as he has done of late a little too often. It seems as if he had been blinded with his own snow, or that the icicles had formed so thickly in his long shaggy eyebrows that he can't see the almanac, and thinks it is still January. But never mind, Spring is creep- ing slyly up to him, and will presently trip up his loitering heels. I have got a basket of early flowers here, the scouts of Spring's army, but I have hidden them under grass and leaves and fern for fear Winter should 1ip them. See if you can discover them, there are half-a-dozen kinds. (F) A BASKET OF EARLY FLOWERS. I. Here is a modest little blossom, that has the courage to face hard weather, and even when we have a winter worthy of
Russia or Canada, is yet to be found open- ing its hopeful little eye and gazing up to heaven. 2. Here is another bold little bloom, which, although the winter is now dropping its white mantle over the earth, rears its slender stem, and nods to the cold blast. 3. Yet another brave blossom, that bore the winter's tyranny with a smile, that opened under the eaves of the snowdrift, and from the very ice-gap rim, rose pale but unterri- fied, shaking the cold flakes from its virgin bosom as it bent to the chilly wind. 4. As for this flower, it is invincible. It will grow anywhere. I found it on the stony exposed side of a railway cutting--not the most choice land in England you will allow-but it didn't care a bit for that, and flourished finely. 5. This flower is scarcely out yet, but some of the lower buds will open in the water. I will put them in a jug and set them in the hall, shall I ? Lacking a better show of flowers, we can make these do. 6. As for the last, like the first, he is always to be met with, the whole year round; and a very good thing, or several young people I know would be sorely dis- appointed, for there would be no more kisses ! By the way, here is another flower for you. It does not belong to the basket, for I brought it home in my button-hole, so I will give it to you in Puzzledom style as- (G.) A PICTORIAL CHARADE. FIRSD W]-ILEC 41 I
I have not given you one before, but you cannot but see how it is done-there is my First, my Second, my Third, and then the Whole Word, just as in a Charade in Rhyme. It is, as some of my little friends remind me, a long time since we have had any " Blind Rhymes," so I propose to give you some now. For the benefit of new pilgrims it is fair to explain that the words in italics must be replaced by words, of the same number of syllables, and of similar accentuation, which shall give the required rhyme to the last word in the preceding line. For instance in such a couplet as- While netting butterflies in Wales I caught a pair of cuculmbers. Of course for " cucumbers "] you must sub- stitute the word " swallowtails." (H.) BLIND RHYMES. SIGNS OF SPRING. Within the woods let's take a stroll ! The buds show on the elm-tree's bough ; And see in yonder larch's crest The birds are busy at their lunch ; Yonder the throstle preens its wings, And far away a blackbird pAics. This bank the midday sunshine gets,- We'll search for hidden pinmpernels, And seek beside the babbling rill For early flowering hyacinth, Nor yet forget anon to look For lilies in yon sheltered grot. The wind that in the fir-trees moans, Has strewed our grassy path with leaves ; Note where the spider's threads among, Like diamonds are dewdrops poured, But hark I Be silent, I implore; What was that sound the Zephyr brought ? Again it comes more clear and nigh- It is-it is the cuckoo's note ! The next puzzle I am going to give you is
just like our old friends " The Prevaricating Participles "-only I call these- (I) VERBS IN MASQUERADE. I will give you a Prose Essay this month, but I must beg of you not to make yours too long. (K.) PROSE ESSAY.-A SKETCH OF SOME HIS. TORICAL CHARAc'rr. In verse I will set you some (L.) UNWEDDED RHTYM S. A MOONLIGHT NIGHT. Pale. Shade. Breeze. Sky. Cloud. Dark. W\ now arrive at the solutions and lists of correct guessers :- SOLUTIONS. A. Proverb in Rhyme :- If you would enjoy the fruit, pluck no tihe flower.
B. Pictorial Proverb :- T is A, N ill, double U in D, THAT blows, nobody, A nigh GOOD. 'Tis an ill wind that blows nobody any good. C. Bundle of Twigs :- i. (R) ash= Ash. 2. Asp, (h) en = Aspen. 3. (Cr) oak = Oak. 4. (H) elm = Elm. 5. Pop (py), lar (k)= Poplar. 6. (S) will, (sh) ow = Willow. 7. P (ea), lane = Plane. 8. Li (p), me (at)= Lime. 9. Bee, ch (at) = Beech. io. Al (e), (sod) der = Alder. i1. Map, le (g) = Maple. 12. Pi (g) ne (t)= Pine. D. Pictorial Diamond Puzzle :-Coxcomb, Cricket. C (sea) LOG BOXES CRICKET GLOVE EMU B (Bee) E. A Square-of-Four Puzzle :--Nose, Ears. NOSE OSSA SOUR EARS F Charade :-Bank, Wet, = Banquet. C. Pictorial Rhyme :- iarch, wine d, sand, ape, rill, sh, hours, Bring, 4th May, flowers. March winds and April showers Bring forth May flowers. 1. Logogriphe :-Seams :-Sam, sea, ma, same, mass, Ems, mess, ass, as, ess, am. [4 2 I 5 should have been "confusion," not comparison," but the printer seems to have made a " mess " of it.] i Pictorial Double Acrostic :- March Hares-- MotH ArmadA RatcatcheR CagE HipS (not Haws, which are hawthorn berries.) I see I accidentally omitted K and L this month. The following have answered all puzzles correctly : Polyanthus and Henny Penny; Emily Agnes; Wildrake; Edith Cadogan; Emily Kate ; Annie Townsend ; Edith
Emily Harris; Erin; Amy and Constance; Lallie; Ange Pitou ; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibeer ; Ariel; Bud, Blossom, and Berry; Ethel and Fritz Lucas; May Tatum: Euphan Maxwell; Kitten; Isabella Blatch ; Pendragon ; Jabberwock ; Agnes and Helen Robertson ; J. H. G. ; Tweedledum ; Clarita; (;uess Why ; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie ; Unadilla; Marie; Wini- fred Sullivan ; Eddie Sullivan ; Widdie. The following have answered those puzzles of which the initials are appended to their names :- Drake, Duck, and Pig, A BD FCG I/; Jennie G., A CD E G II; W. H. Rankine, A CI; L. L. Nicholls, A 1) ; Mary Hewitt, D E G H I; W. J. S., BCD F G II ; Gussie, . D F G HG ; Beatrice, A B C D G I; Cornubia, A CD E 1" G i/ ; Lizzie, E H; Goosegirl and two Geese, A B C F F 1" G I ; Octopus, A CE I"G ; Rose, Shamrock, and Thistle, A C D F' G i I ; Rose Mary Leslie, D 11 I; Big Baby, A B )E F G III; George Smetham, ABCD F G; / ; Tarquin and Trumpeter, A C D1) I G C I ; Alice Wade, A D I G I ; D. Earnshaw, A CD E F II; Claude Lowe, A C D F Gill ; Napoleon and Josephine, A CD FG I;II Edward Lionel, A D 'G H I; Louisa Sarah, ADE G H I; L. C., A C D I ; Louie, A CD G H; Willie Horton, A ) F; CHG I; Ada Mason, A CD F H; J. E. K. Blake, C D E 1" (G I; Kamuk T'oomee, D; Kittymice, A C .D F G Ii : Amelia Suermondt, D E F G i I; Three Norland Lassies, B C D , .F G II I; Simon de Montfort, A CD E F G I: Fran- cisca T., A C D F GC II ; Elsie Wilkins, A C D .F G HI ; Nil Desperandumn, U E F G II ; Bertha Nevill, A C ) F G7 HI ; Emmie, A C G III; Helen of Troy, A C D`G ll ; Pussie Secunda, A D F G I- I; Mlossrose, A BD E 1, G /1 1; G;. F. and E. Duffield, A D F G C1; Adela, . 1 CD )G 1( / I; Gertie and Katie, D - F G II /: Tommy Bogey, A B C I FG 1 I; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, A B C D F G II I; The Red Queen, A DB F G iI /; Ursa Minor, A CDE F II ; Kittums, A B C D F ' i G I; Punch and Judy, A D I' G II ; Robin, D I ; Alice Berrington, A C D ) F G 1/ 1; IBalbus, A .-11) G CI I; Menelaus, A D F G 1II I; Scruffy, .1 C D F G C ; Norah Emmeline Bawcutt, A C ( // I; T'oby, A B C'D IF G 11 I; Ardy, A CDFGII ; Lilly l.ight- heart, C D F G I ; Mabel E. \Valmisley, A B CD '( G - I; Mabel Peake, A B C F G ; IMaud Mary, A B CD IF I'(; 1; Lilibulero, A D E G II I; Crusty Peg, A D F G H I; Mary. MacEwen, A D ; I Isabella Windus, DE F G(; ; Maggie, John, and Archie, A D F G I I; Lillie M'., A C D IA ` G i I; Mabel Ellis, A CD B F F; II ; Nellie Macdonald, A BD F G 1 I ; A Scotch Lassie, ; Princess Sheila, A C D 1 iG HI; Edmondo Damas & Co., A BDE D , G 1 I; Peri- winkle, A C D I F G H I; Bumby and Wee-wee, A C F 1' G H I; Cymro, A C D F G II ; Adeline and Fridzwede, C D S'1(; III; Coquette, CD : F G H I; Lily of the Valley, A C I) F G I ; Rosalind and Celia, D F G II ; White Mouse, C D 1 I; A. MI. Y., A C D E IG 1II; Kidney Bean, A B I) F C; I I ; Lelia ''erni, II; Amy and Jessie Herbert, A B) I' (; I I ; Amy Vigurs, D F G III; Luise and Janette, A C I) . I' GC H I; Snowdrop and Crocus, A ) DFH ; Alice and Fred., 4 C 1) F G 11 ; Nellie Hatton, I) I F G I I/; Laburnum, Clematis, and Canariensis, A BCD G I I ; Alex. and Llew., A. B C 1) 1 (; H I; Nunquanm non paratus, CDE .F I ; j. A. Marigold, A 1) 1 (G Hi I; Lilla and E. Hutton, A C 1 '/ IIH I; Charty, A CD GI; Zita, A BCD 1 : dith and Harry, A C DE F G ZI1 I; Fleur de Lys, A C) E (; / ; L.ucy Maine, A F G 11; Magpie, CD FI' // : Irish Ivy, C I) E P II ; E. and A. Tribe, A. D I) F G II : Ada and Annie, A b' C ) F G 1i1 ; Monkey, .A D 1F G H : Alice Freemantle, .t C F) 1 " II I; Powhattan, I) IG I ; \Vilhel- mina, .-I C ) F G i I; Arthur Tonge, C D1)" H I; Francesca, 1 ) G 1/ ; A. M. P., A D -i G I : Mary P. Jackson, AB CDF (; -: R. D. Purvis, A DFGHI; Guy, Speck, and Rob, C I) CG I; Yorkshire Lassie, A B C I) 1,G // /; Emma and Cousin Anne, A B C D G CH I: Mary 1:. Hayward, A D b'G H; Ming Ping, A C ) I' G Hi; :lla, I3C DI)FGH III; Honora, ABD EFG1'I; Frisky, A 1)1' G ; ; Mabel, A E I; Fame, C D FG P 1; J. H. Robertson, .I 1b E L G HI; M. Stephens, A ' C G II /; Celes tine, A B C )F IG H; Kitty Merry, A D F G H1; G. 1). Sharp, A CD ) FG 1 1: Margarette and Dora Sharpe..-I 1) 1 G H II; Madge, A D I C II I; Ada C. Spencer, 1) 17 (; H I; Frank and Elsie, A B C 1) F G i I; Neddums and Bee, A B C D F G i/ : Ellen Liewellyn, .1 B CD 1 I( /: Lillie S., A BCi F (; Ii /: Teacup and Teaspoon, A 1) 17 G II ; Ethel Allman and Cinderella, A B C I) I F G 1(; Sunshine, BD I F G II; Angelita, A CD FG HI1; M. Hope, B C DEH/1 ; Christina McDiarmid, A D G IH I; Frisky l"rank, A C D F G I II; Maggie Mary Borland, I) F 1 1t I; The Sphinx, B C B F I"'G /i: Laura Marie Jackson, A D) EH I: Blanche, A F G H I; Aggie Wylie, A C) E I' G II I; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, A C C G ; Ilfracombe Bouquet, A E G II ; Cat, Pug, and Fudge, A C D 1 I(; I ; lalla Rookh, BCD F I I/ : Humming Bird, A CD F(G : Florence Jewell, A B D F G I ; C. H. Nield, D H; A Country Mouse, D E I" (C H I; Smoke, A B C 1) F G H ; ANest of Young Jays, C DE G; W. A. P, A C D F Gs
HI I; Ber and Pollywog, A C I)D F G H 1; Clara C. Porter, A C D G 11I ; Argonaut, C D F G 11; Puck and Mary, B C D F G; G. G. and C. F. Kirkland, A ) H 7; Shepherd's Plaid, C D F G H I: The Graces, ) G H I; Lilian and GertrudetA C D F G IH I; Edith I-udden, A B CD F (; III ; Dormouse, A C H 1/; H. S. J. V. T., A D G H I ( Gipsy and Sunshine, CD F) G III; Maggie Croall, A D F G I I ; Alice and Florence Humphreys, A B C 1) '" G II; Colin, I. IBD H I; Annie Gertrude Drew, A D (; 1; Kathleen Maud, A B C D G I I; J. Lovel, i; Helen A. Maaconochie, A ,' D F_ GI ; Frank Arnold, CD F G III; Marta, A C D F G HI; Clara and Herbert, A B C D F (; H 1: Carolus, A C D) E F G ; Astrcea, A CD F F G /: l)ie Zauberflste, A CI) F G H I: Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse, A C D I F G HsI; Bertie Rodway,H I: Fanny Hall, A CD ID, F (i I; Mabel Crosspatch, D E G H; Minnie and Pheenie, A B CD F, G H; May Ellis, D F G H; Florence Manton. G H; Helen Manton, G ; Jumping Jehosophat, A C D F IF I ; Alice Stronach, BD E Si G H; Rustic. B CDE D F ( H I; Holly and'Mistletoe. A CDE F I I; Severn, A B I) E F G 1 I; Alice's Oak Tree, A D F G H 1; Nellie and Edith Stevens, A C D E G H I; Moyola and Buskin' Burn, A I H; Wells, A. F G I; Lotus, ACDF G I; Edgeler Blake, DE F G H; Lenore.A D F G II ; Gemini, A BDDE C G I T. C. Hughes,A C D I GC I1I ; Mab, A D I G I I;I The Black Cat, H:; M. Paterson, A C D F G H; Nellie, Addie, Dolly, and Minnie Vernet, A D C H ;IE. M. Cooper, A C D E G H; Mother Carey's Chickens, A B CD F G I11; My osotis, A D F G H; Mary Ethel Carrinzton, A B; Lilias, D G Ii ; Buttercup and Daisy, A D I" G t I ; E. Wade, A E G HI; F. M. Ellis, A C D F G II I; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, A B C D F G 1 /; Padishah Doodeen, A C D E CD F G II ; Constance Ellis, AB CD F G H I; Venetia, A C D F G H I; Edith Mary Glover, DG C I; Marion Fox, A C DE F G.H I; Primrose, A C D E F G HI; Linda and Zelda, A B C D F GHI: Harry Hotspur, A C D E F G ; C. J. Powell, A C D E F G H; Andromache and Hector, A C D F G HI; Valen. tine and Daisy, A C DE F G; II; M. F. B., A C D E F (; H I; W. and J. Thomson, C D E Ill ; Marion Maud, A B C DE F G I ; The Doctor's Little Daughter, A C D F G IL; Amy Ellen Stephens, A C D G H; Three Bears, A C D F G H I; Paupukkeewis, A C D E F G i I; Carrie and Kittie, A B D F (; 1 I; Mary Henrietta, A C D FG I ; Innes, A C D E F G I; Fanny Barclay, A CD F G -/I; Roel, A C D E F G H/ ; Dunnie, A C D E F G I I; A. M. O. S., B C D F G If 1; Dorothy Tylor, A B C D F G II I; Willie Mac, 1) G I ; 'The Brat, C D F G H; Chim, A B C D F G 11; Nellie and L. Webster, A CDL E F G HI; Bessie, A CD F G H I; Minnie W., A B C D F G / I; Organblower, A C D G HI; Guil- laume, A C D F G HI /; W. E. and J. Thornton, A C D F" G H; Emmeline, A D H I; Lilium L. R., A B D E G H I; Nettie, A B D G( ; Rosebud, A BD F G If ; Sylvia, Frank, and Beatrice Baldwin, A D F G If ; Beatrice Woods, A C D F G H I; Darby and Joan, A C I)F G ilI ; Codling, A B )G H /; Dharwar, A C FFG H I; H. Edith Upton, AC ) F G H I; Lecho, A D E F G II; MaryAn.ela Bright, C D E FG IH ; Rose Mary Leslie, .A B C D FGI I; Luigia, A CD) E FG H I; .Mabel Ellis, AD E FG H I; Effie and Ally, B C D F G H I; Dora Jones, A B C D F G ; Ella and Missy, B C D " G H/I; \V. Gellan, A I F G III; Emerald, H; Katie Abbott, A D F" G HI; Arthur Grant, A C D F G If I; \Veathercock, A B C ) F G If ; Amy Measor, D F G ; Sweet Briar, A B' D E F I G H I: Katie Giassford, B (; G ; Carrie, Ella, and May. A BD F G; H I ; Fmreddie Ilurghard, .1I DG H ; Sydney (enson. A. BC DLE 1G C ; Lilian, a//) ;G CI; Topsy \V., . 1) ItG; I/l; Lucy Morris, A D I" Fifty letters, in spite of last month's warn- ing and experience, reach me on the i6th, and must of course be excluded, in spite of all sort of pleas for exceptions. Half of my little cdrrespondents have forgotten or neg- lected the rule to write only on one side of the paper, and many have indited their letters on the same sheet as their answers. For this, as well as for mixing up his answers in wrong order, (Edipus is excluded, and so is Coffee Calcalli, who seems to have exercised some ingenuity in rearranging his solutions, so that H came after A, and B concluded the list, preceded by E. I wish Scruffy and one or two others would understand that I don't want each separate
puzzle written on a scrap of paper. I want letters on one sheet, puzzles on another, and the verse and prose essay each on a separate sheet. I wish, too, that Smoke would not put gunpowder in a letter. If I had been smoking when I looked it over I might have frizzled my eyebrows and eyelashes, for, being short-sighted, I bend rather close over my work. Balbus and Menelaus (and some others), though they send in a set of solu. tions each, either do them together or copy from each other, for they are exactly alike, down to the very mistakes. In future, in such cases I shall only give credit to one. Polyanthus and Henny Penny only wasted time in sending me the solutions for Decem- ber which they had mislaid, as I cannot go back to past puzzles; and I may as well tell several little friends who referred me to their last month's work, that the solutions are burnt as soon as looked through, for I should want a warehouse to store them in if I were to keep them. I must also tell little people that I cannot accept forgetfulness or ignorance of rules as an excuse. They should keep the rules by them. It would occupy too much space if I repeated them in each number. I am amused too at those who set the rules at defiance by sending their letters too late for classification, and then say I am very cruel for not putting myself and the printers to inconvenience for young people, who, by attending to me and posting their letters one day earlier, could save themselves from the difficulty. And that reminds me that some of my young correspondents write to justify certain of their answers which if not correct were pretty nearly so. They should remember that my promise not to be too strict in such cases was a favour to be awarded, not a right to be claimed. I will at once anticipate two pleas that will be urged. The first will be about No. 2 in puzzle E. I shall be told there is a mountain in Greece called Oeta. but it is not Oeta but (Eta which is practically only three letters, and the puzzle was a four square. The next thing will be that in No.5 of puzzle I. " Haws " ought to be allowed to pass as well as " Hips." But the haw is the berry of the hawthorn, the hip the seed-ves- sel of the dog-rose. If a mayflower and a dogrose are the same thing then I will let " haws " pass for " hips." Perhaps this will be the best place to explain something that seems to have mystified a good many Pli grims-what looked like an H on Tell's chest last month. I meant it for the peculiarly shaped' braces which Swiss peasants always wear-at least on the stage; for I cannot say whether they really wear them, as I have never been
in Switzerland, for I don't like cold and have no ambition to climb mountains or glaciers. And now I come to my correspondence. First of all, I can offer Humming Bird (to whom I am much obliged for her carte) the choice of two names for her Japanese doll- Kuei, which means " beautiful woman," and Hain, which means "flower," and is often used for a girl's name. I have also to tell her that I wrote "The Blue Princess," and that my dog's names are Topsy and Rough. A. C. Spencer asks me if there is such a bird as a barnacle goose, to which I reply that they are rather common, I believe, on our northern coasts, being also called " bernacle geese." The ancients had a queer notion that they were hatched out of the mollusc called the barnacle (which has a sort of re- semblance to a goose's head and neck) when it grew on the branches of trees overhanging the sea. I have an original copy of Gerarde's Herbal (telmp. Elizabeth) in which there is a funny old woodcut of a tree by the sea-shore, with barnacles on the boughs. The heads of the geese show out of some, and a few have fallen into the water, and are swimming away. The funniest part of it is, too, that old Gerarde solemnly declares that he de- scribes and depicts only what he has seen ! He must have had a wonderful pair of bar- nacles on to see such a sight as that ! The only explanation I can see is that the geese were feeding on the molluscs. Zita writes a poetic farewell to us all, as she is about to start for a school in Germany. I am sure we shall all unite in wishing she may be happy and comfortable in her new quarters. Cana- riensis and one or two others wish to know when they may put out plants. Certainly not before May, but an old gardener once gave me a capital rule, which was never to bed out until the ash began to show leaf. I can't help D. M. Jackson (whose little painting is very nice) to the rest of " The Page and the Maid of Honour," as I have never met with it. A Country Mouse may set her mind at rest about the missed month. If she looks at the Proverb in Rhyme in the March num- ber she will see it contains ten lines, and if she looks at the answer in this number she will see the Proverb consists of ten words. the first of which occurs in the first line of the verse, the second in the second, and so 0n! Clara Cecilia Porter might paint her cuttings-out black, it is more effective. I fancy fret-work would be the best introduc- tion to wood-carving, and there are several hand-books published for that. Lallie's verses Only rhyme two lines in four, which is quite against my taste in such matters. I have no
doubt she can teach herself Latin if she makes up her mind, though I can't tell her of any particular system or book. Unadilla (whose si/lhoiettes have been much admired, but she hasn't sent me her address !) will be able to get any shells she wants at Mr. Jam- rach's ; but she must get papa to take her, as the shop is in Ratcliff Highway, rather a queer neighbourhood, and the yard, where there are great bunkers full of shells, is some distance away. To Wills I need only say "the acrostics in Good Tlirngs are for little folks, the others are not." I hope to be able to send George Smetham the explana- tion he requires in a short time. I have received several very pretty presents this month; Ada sends me two little mats for my Toinette and her good man; and Annie has made me a dainty sticking-plaster case. Katie Abbot has presented me with a curiosity in the shape of a wee green spray from the House of Severus at Pompeii; and I have received some very handsome pressed leaves from Mabel Peake. I fancy though they are from some sort of tulip tree rather than a spirna. From Robin, I have a photograph of the main street of Cardiff, and from J. H. Robinson and Ethel Carrington, a couple of bookmarks. I have also to thank other little friends for a pretty little wreath of irgul/m 'ite and moss, for bunches of violets, and for all sorts of welcome spring-flowers and ferns. I shall be glad if Mary Henrietta will send the violets to my private address ; and I hope Honora will do the drawing with pencil or pen, as she may find it most easy and agreeable. With regard to pets.; Buttercup and Daisy want to know how to tame their canary, and I am glad to hear from Alice and Florence Humphreys, that the suggestions I gave them (which B. and D. will find in a recent number) have turned out successfully. I am afraid that the cat mentioned by Gertrude and Katie must have got the mange, though very old cats often lose their hair, but it is a sign of the final breaking-up, I fancy. I may also tell G. and K. that "Cox and Box " is an adaptation by Mr. Burnand and Mr. Arthur Sullivan, from Mr. Maddison Morton's farce of " Box and Cox; " and also that it takes about six weeks for a letter to reach India. I am glad to hear from Christina McDiarmrid that my namesake has turned out so well, and is likely to take a prize at the Poultry Show. I hope when the moulting season comes she will send me "a lock of his hair." I think Crusty Peg is right about the poppy being a summer flower, but I was thinking of it when ýýr
it is at its best and brightest blazing among the ripe corn. I do not know of any book of the kind she describes-there ought to be such a book, but it would be a difficult work, as the order of blooming varies in different districts. Crusty Peg reminds me that dor- mice are very fond of bread and milk. They should be kept warm and clean, and fed on bird-seed, biscuit, and acorns or nuts-but not bitter almonds. Ayacanora will find that in the case of a big dog like Nep, home- doctoring is not much good. My Topsy had a bad cough, but the veterinary surgeon gave her a draught and liniiment which cured her in a week. I have not yet been able to hear of any remedy for Ardy's bird. She must give her rats nuts and hard things to gnaw, for in both rats and rabbits-in all rodents (or gnawers) in fact-the teeth constantly grow up to supply what is worn away. There are skulls preserved in several museums showing howwhere one tooth has been broken or knocked out, the opposite one has grown quite round into a circle like a French cor-de-chasse, often preventing the animal from eating and starving it to death. If Kittie takes my advice she will keep a very sharp eye on Prince Charlie, in spite of his pretending not to notice the canary. He is probably " playing 'possum," and waiting till suspicion is lulled and he gets an opportunity. If she catches him watching the cage she should hold him up to it (not too close), speak
to him severely and give him a few decided slaps. But if she ever gets her bird tame enough to be allowed to fly about the room, she must carefully make sure that the Prince is not about, for no training she could ever give a cat would eradicate the instinct to leap after a flying bird. I must thank G. V. for a most interesting letter. First of all though, I may tell her that I hope the list of names will be more carefully revised in future. She is, of course, right about the bird's note, knowing birds as she does. I, alas, am so purblind that I miss many of the beautiful sights of this world, and mistake many more. Her de- scription of her "Refuge for Wild Birds," is very attractive. I must try and imitate it on a small scale, for I have an ivied wall close by my study window where many birds roost. I often hear them at early dawn going out with a whirr and a brattle of ivy-leaves. But I should not dare invite them into the room, for my three cats are all great bird-hunters; and after all, my feast may be despised, for there is always a flock of birds breakfasting and dining with the seagull and peahen. And now, as I have finished my batch of letters, and find it is necessary, for one month more, to defer giving particulars of the other prizes, it only remains for me to say good bye till next month, which I. hope will be a really pleasant old-fashioned May.