PUZZLE PAGES.
130.-CHARADE. N Stella's laughing azure' dyes ,a My first has made his nest, But never yet has entrance gained To vex her quiet' breast. In vain unnumbered sighing swains To gain her heart have reckoned; i , II With vows and prayers besieged her ears, And sued her by my second. In vain ye sue, ye luckless crew, In person or on paper. My first, 'tis true, sets fire to you- My whole lights Stella's taper. 131.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A stern Italian reformer who dared to stand up against the Pope and popedom. He c0 demned all worldly pleasures and worldly enjoyments, and would have converted the who world into a house of prayer. But the Pope was stronger than the reformer, and he sffer martyrdom at Florence. As late as the close of the last century, the place where his pile w raised might be seen covered with garlands of flowers. Five names are below The answer to show; And this you must do To find it out true: Search with great pains, And from each of these names Now take the first two Of the letters, then view Them in order combined, And the answer you'll find. 1. An English city which has a cathedral beauty, abandoned the court of her father 0 with the tallest spire in England. live in a solitary cave, solely for prayer and 2. A French writer, and the most celebrated intercourse with Heaven, and was there lost literary character of his age. He was a poet, sight and knowledge until, after the lapse a wit, an historian, and a dramatist: infidelity several hundred years, a vision of some she claims him as one of her greatest cham- herds led to the discovery of her bones, whi pions. tradition says, being carried in processi 3. A town in Hindostan which means " The through Palermo, saved the city from a do town of serpents." lating pestilence. 4. A daughter of William the Good, King of 5. An eminent French chemist, who c Sicily, who, in the full bloom of youth and guillotined in 1791. 132.-TRANSPOSITIONS. ATUOSER.-A river which washed the walls of Sparta, whose inhabitants, from plil n often into its waves, acquired much of their strength and vigour. HTTIE.-A name given to the lower class of people amongst the Athenians, including artisans and labourers. SGAI.-A King of Sparta condemned and executed by his own people. GIAM.-An order of Persian priests instituted by OORRSTAZE, who worshipped fire.
133.-AN OLD NURSERY RHYME DONE INTO LATIN. Vetula qunedam erat Quat in Soled degebat Multos liberos habebat Quid faciondum nesciebat Ccenam iis sine pane prmbebat Palmas s tergo imponebat Lectulisque cos committebat. 134.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. My first is the name of a small island be. longing to Greece. ,My second is the last syllable of an island belonging to the English. Its name means "HIolyLand." It was venerated by the Saxons, and contained a temple of their goddess Hertha (Earth). My whole is an island near the month of a European river on which is situated a European, city. The name of this city means "Mer- chant's Harbour." MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 135. In August I took a trip into Wilts, and remained awhile at Durrington, an ancient British village near Stonehenge ; thence paying arisit to a young friend, Lennie, at Limpley Stoke, near Bath, passing with him '15 of the whole time I was in Wilts. After leaving Dur- rington I went to Southampton, and there tarried '6 of the time I was with Lennie; and then returned to London by the Dublin steam- boat, the Foyle, the voyage taking half as long as the time I was at Southampton. Altogether, Iwas away from home 23 days. How long was Ialt urrington, Limpley Stoke, Southampton, and on board the Foyle ? 136. The wheels of three velocipedes, X, Y, Z, 1 are as 6 : 5: 4 in circumference, and those of Y make 20 more revolutions than those of X in every 300 feet traversed. How far will the three boys who urge them on their wild career have gone when the rider of Z, keeping up man- fully with the rider of X, has made his wheels revolve 880 times oftener ? 137. Three youngsters, A, B, C, shooting with 1 tie long bow (not metaphorically), agree that whichever strikes the bull's-eye shall receive t from the others half of what money they have in pociet. Each makes the lucky shot in turn; first, then B, then C; when, after adjusting ll claims, A had 2s. 6d., B 5s., and C 10s. ola much had each at first ? 138.-ENIGMA. My first is a dye, My next you drink dry, And my whole's a fly.
139.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. The third letters of the following form a Grecian kingdom founded a.c. 1493. The initials give the name of its founder, who was a Phoenician, and introduced the use of alphabetical' writing into Greece. To him are ascribed sixteen letters of the Greek alphabet. 1. A South American volcano in the Andes. 2. A famous Grecian mountain, through which a celebrated commander, in his expe- dition against the Grecian states, ordered a passage to be cut. 3. A German town on the Elbe, especially noted for its magnificent collection of paintings, sculpture, and antiquities. 4. A French author, who died in 1707. 5. An island of Pomerania, seated at the mouth of the Oder, on the Baltic Sea. 6. An English maritime county. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 92. Rhine - Porus - Ceramicus - Thales- JEschines. HIPPOCRATES. 93. To be or not to be-that is the question. To be read-Toby or (in heraldry)-knot- Toby-T hat is the question. 94. Solon--Pelops- Plato-- Platea- Callao -Colonna-Potosi. CONSTANTINOPLE (bathed on the south by the Sea of Marmora, and on the north by its splendid harbour, the Golden Horn). 95. Care killed a cat. To be read-K R killed A cat. 96. F to C, 50 miles; to H, 8; to B, 11 miles. 97. 631b. 98. If x and y = their ages, x. y = 224; and 21 (y + 21- x) =399 .. =2+ y; and y'2+2y= 224 . . y = 14, Norton's age, and x = 16, Danyero'. 99. 8 miles. Started at 10 A31.. 100. If It = pressure caused by 2 opposite boys, P and Q, their weights, we have IR = P 2 + Q 2 + 21'. Q. cos A: where A = whole angle between the two ropes. 1.. i1=-155'Slb. pressure by Malcolm and Spencer. = 121'21b. pressure by Danyers and Norton. Total = 2771b. 101. Elephanta - Marseilles- Mithridates- Seleucus. 102. King-cup. 103. Germany. 104. Seine - Spey - Lea- Lena - Neva- Nile. PENNSYLVANIA.
140. -A LINE .FROM MILTON. ENIGMAS. 141. 142. My first is J, My first's a recess in the land, My second is May, My next's to admit, understand, My third is K; My third is the Latin for and, On the whole you will say, And my whole's fixed by word of " Well, come I command. That's rum." Thant's rum."
143.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. .144.-TRANSPOSITIONS. A- AHRSIPL.-A Sicilian tyrant, who, having ordered the philosopher ENOZ to be put the torture, so exasperated his people that they floew to arms, and stoned their cruel monarch death. GYHISUN.-ThePope who established the form of consecrating churches, and also ordains that godfathers and godmothers should stand for children.