PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
AS it is nice spring-like weather in our par- ticular district of Puzzeledom just now, suppose we take a stroll in the fields before we sit down to our examination. How beautifully the grass is enamelled with all sorts of flowers. Run and pick me a little bunch somebody, please ! Ah, that is capital -I wonder whether you can tell me what they are. One of them is beautiful indeed, and difficult to get. PUZZLEDOM WILD FLOWERS. (A.) The first is a common enough flower, but still one of the greatest favourites. If you dig up a root of it and take it home, and plant it in good earth, it will greatly improve. Here is a list of what goes to compose it. The initial letters read down give its name, the finals read down tell what change happens to it when cultivated. i. A famous schoolmaster. 2. A Japanese potentate. 3. A farewell. 4. A troop of robbers, after a reverse. 5. An Educational Establishment. 6. A native of New York. The second flower must have cost you some trouble and the risk of a wetting. In this case when you read down the initials you learn the name, and when you serve the finals the same, you learn where it is found. r. A favourite Scotch name. 2. A volcanic feature. 3. An outrage. 4. A beautiful sentiment. 5. A space of time. This third flower is decidedly one of the earliest harbingers of the spring; and that is probably the reason of its popularity, for it is not a strikingly beautiful plant. It is a com- pound word; read down the initials for the first half, down the finals for the second. i. A French cook. 2. What cabmen are at times. 3. One of the muses. 4. A city in Poland, on the Dnieper. 5. A part of a coin or medal. 6. A Swedish monarch. Here again, in the fourth place, is a pretty flower and an early one too. They grow in great numbers in the woods, and give a beau- tiful colour to the grass at the foot of the trees. This is a compound like the last, and should be similarly treated.
r. Part of a hook. 2. The entrance to a park. 3. An adverb of time. 4. A strange fish. The fifth flower is well-known, its pinky flowers and its quaint seed pods are familiar to London boys even, I should say. This again, is a compound, and must be served as before. i. A sacred song. 2. A disagreeable effluvium. 3. A naval dignitary. 4. A national dance. 5. The reputed birthplace of a bard. 6. An agricultural implement. Then when you have learnt these names we will keep them for the herbarium. We shall put them between blotting paper and press them quite flat, and afterwards fix them carefully in a sort of album. If you have never seen plants so prepared, I will show you three :- (B.) Now we will sit down awhile and rest, and I will tell you the result of my visit this morning to the Professor of Rhymes. I was anxious for some means by which I could give you your rhyming exercise in a form that would leave you a choice between Blank and Unwedded Rhymes, and even more scope than that ! I will explain to you. (C.) I will give out a subject, which for this occasion shall be,-- THE SEA. Now, in the first place, if you little folks like it best, you can write me three four-line stanzas about the sea. Only I stipulate that there shall be no unrhyming lines, that is to say, that it won't do to give rhymes only in alternate lines. In the second place, as some of you think you cannot write verse, you can, should you
prefer, write about ten or twenty lines of prose description. Now I will give you on this same subject UNWEDDED RHYMES. Boat. Gull. Sand. Sky. Moon. Tide. For those who find difficulty in thinking out rhymes we will have still, on the same subject, some BLANK RHYMES. Wrave. Cave. Sail. Gale. Bark. Dark. Night. Light. Line. Shine. Coast. Boast. I may as well add that if you wish to do so, you can try all the methods, just as a cook can serve up meat in a dozen different ways. Now, if you understand my meaning about the different styles in which you dress the sea, we will walk home, for I want to write a letter before post-time. It is to a little lady who calls herself Daisy of Dieppe, and who sent me her answers to the puzzles with an address in picture-language. When I was a little boy, a very well-known gentleman, Mr. Smith, one of the two brothers who wrote a famous and clever book called "Rejected Addresses," was kind enough to send me letters sometimes in what I may call letter- language. You will understand if I quote an example :- O PT Miss MLE G Who was stung in the I by a B. The translation of that is,- O, pity Miss Emily Gee, Who was stung in the eye by a bee. Well, I used to answer Mr. Smith in picture-language, and I always began my letters, I can remember, in one particular way, so I shall adopt it now. Here is my letter, see if you can read it.
There's my monogram at the top, and the date in the right-hand corner. (D.) A LITTLE NOTE. .. U NL- TO M. Now as we take the letter to the post office we will buy the last number of" The Puzzle- dom Magazine," and see if there is anything very new in it. Ah, here's a novelty. It's a puzzle that depends on the different spelling of words pronounced alike. It is entitled-- (E.) UNDER A SPELL. No. i.-The cricketer knows me well, And often sees me fly: And the merchant too can tell My price, and if it's high. I visit courts of law, A friend in need to be ; If you find in a boat a flaw, You'll have recourse to me. No. 2.-You're sure to see Me come to tea; My face you lack Not in the pack; And find my traces In others' faces. No. 3.-With trumpet and drum, And shows I come; And whenever you eat With me you meet; And whenever you spy Your sweetheart, she's I. But sometimes when people, too fond of pelf, Seek me-I truly am not myself. I see there's a picture in the magazine this month; it is a portrait of three animals that have just been added to the Gardens of the Puzzledom Zoological Society. Here they are, one quadruped, and two birds. Please tell me their names !
At the Zoo. Here I find some lines that I will read to you, and see if you understand them. Their title is, (G.) THE SAILOR-BOY. These are the busy docks; tiers after tiers Of merchant ships are moored along the piers; While in their holds the crowding toilers place Barrel and butt, crate, hamper, box, and case; For from the docks no ships are ever towed Until my First have all on board been stowed. The toil is o'er ; at last from moorings freed, Follows the ship the steam-tug's fussy lead. Upon the deck, behold a youngster stand, Who gazes on the fast-receding land. With sturdy frame, bronzed hands, and sun- burnt brow. He looks my Second every inch, I vow. Descends the night; the dews are cold and damp, Faint burns the binnacle's suspended lamp. Look up, young sailor ;---on the brow of night Behold there burns a beacon clear and bright. Though waves should wash the binnacle away [ray ! My Whole would guide you with its steadfast
/ý II ý/ , ý , ' h~
Here is a brief epigram, which I may as well give you to discover :- (H.) EPIGRAM. God did my First create, which made my Second; [is reckoned ! You join them ;-lo, my Whole. The week I remember one of my little friends said the other day that she was very fond of Acrostic Charades, so I will extract one from the Magazine for her. (I.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC CHARADE. We are words that rhyme, And we're both in time, One is a season, the other a song, If you guess them rightly, you can't be wrong. I. It is very good fun, If it's properly done. II. A beast with two toes, How slowly it goes ! III. The sun's overhead-- There's no more to be said ! IV. The sun's going to sink; .This is coming I think. Now I really fancy you have puzzles enough to last you till next month, so I will wind-up by giving you a peep at the Galanty Show. I think now-a-days Galanty Shows must be almost extinct-they were some- thing like a Punch Show, but with a curtain of white paper in front, upon which the shadows of the figures were thrown by the rays of a lamp at the back. Here is one of the slides of my Galanty Show. (A) A SHADOWED PROVERB.
I will now proceed to the Solutions and the Correct guessers. SOLUTIONS. A.-Periwinkle. B.-A Grove of Palms. C.-Six rivers flowing up-hill: Dee, Tyne, Wye, Tiber, Don, and Seine ; reversed in " see descend," " deny that," " they were," " were bit," " no dense " and "denies." D.-Six Cities standing on their heads; Troy, London, Paris, York, Rbme, Pekin; reversed in "magnify or to," "1nod, no living," " sir, a peculiar," "stick royal," " them or," and " con- tradiction I kept." E.-Six trees with their roots in the air; Palm, Pine, Elm, Ash, Lime, Cedar; reversed in "them Lapland," " then I perceived," " seem less," " push/ sap," them I listened," and " consider a decorative." F. - Pan-Jan-drum = Panjandrum. Jan being the Dutch for John. G.-D on T, wreck on ewer, chickens, b, 4, tea =t + hay = they, R hatched. " Don't reckon your chickens before they are hatched." HI--Unwedded Rhymes, see answers. ,-O0 ham, L ate, What, A falling off WAS, tea + hare = there. " Oh Hamlet, what a falling-off was there ! " In giving the names of the correct guessers I have adopted a plan very kindly suggested to me by my little friends Ella and Minnie. The following have done all the puzzles correctly, but I don't count H. here, as I shall reserve that for the end of the paper;-A. C. Wild; William R.; Cowrie; Mary Tatum ; Lenore; Victoria; Ella ; W. D. Pollock; Ethel and Maude; Edith Harris; Maggie Whitby; Jabberwock; Mousie; Amy Cartwright; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor; Florence Jewell; W. A. P.; Spadger; G. A. Fenner; Katie and May; Innes; Jumping Jehoshaphat; Llew- ellyn; Mary Henrietta; Toby; A. E. H.; Steinthal; Nora Creina and Catspaw ; Alvah; Big Fan and Little Kit; Fact and Fancy; Unna and Ypit; Maud Stanton and Mabel Woodhouse; Noah and his family; Lallie; Bourri and Tiny. The following have answered those of which I give the letters in italics after their names :- Double Daisy of Dieppe, A B F G; Herbert Slessor, A B F G I; Iza W., I; Dorothy, A B; a Schoolboy, A B; Cornubia, G I; Ernest H. Gregory, A D I: Man in the Moon, A B C D E F G; E. F. Elton, B DE F G I; Lily of the.Valley, A B G ; Jack, B ; A. C. B., A B G I; Eleanor Bessie Shaw, A I; Georgie, Connie, and Clara, f B I; Nettie, ABC D E F 1;
Puss, L' C I; Jack Saltwatercat, A B; Herbert Pass, A B C F I ; Lovell Warren, B C D ' G I; Ernest Pass, I ; H. Boeme, C DI; Arthur Kemp, B I; A. W.,A BE FG I: Jessie Smith, G I; Boaconstrictor, A F ; C. E. C., B C D E F G I; La Senorita, A B F I; A. Perks, A B G I; Fanny Complin, B F G; Tuck, B G I; Hulla Bullagara, B F I; Gipsy, B C D E F G I ; Ninnie, I; Pussey, B F G; Lilibulero, A FG I; Fanny Stanger, B F; Olivia Fitzmaurice, A B D E F G I; Dottlecobs, A B F G I; J. E. H. B-e, A C DS G; Oswald Barber, A FG I; Francesca, A B F G I; G. A. Ballingale, A B; Dolly Earn- shaw, B D E F G I; Mary Hewitt, B F; Mary Maud Paget, BCDE F G I; Wallie E. Judd, A BDE F G I; Peggie, A B D E F G I; Polly, A B D E F G I; Charles Utting, A B G ; Willie Sheppard, B D F G; E. Woodburn, D E I; Edith Steward, B CD E F G I; Lina Shaw, A B F I; Noel, A B F G I; Harry J. Bilboe, A G ; Alice Humphreys, B F GC I; Theodora, B F; March Hare, A B; J. K. F. Cleave, I; Cock- alorum, B F G I; Beatrice Nightingale, A B F I; Margaret of Anjou, A B ; Gwynneth Davies, A B; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, A B D E F G I: Kitty de Bessingham, A B D A' F G I ; Charlie and Lucy Genn, A B D E F I; Elsie, B F G I; Henrietta and Whilhelmina, G ; The Mimsy Slither Jove, A B G; L. F. Evelegh, A B F G I; Beatrice Vivian, A B F; W. B. Stuart, A B 1; Derby Jack, C D E G C; Lizzie M. S. C., A ; Winifred Knox, A B F GC; Kitty Merry, A B F G I; Emily Ashwin, B F; J. and J. Williamson, A BC D E F I; Augustus Halle, A IB ; S. Fenn, A F G I; Codling, A BD D E F G I; Sylvia Baldwin, A B F G; Frank and Beatrice Baldwin, B G ; Cowslip, G I; Guy, Speck, and Rob, B C D E F G I; Kate Wilbey, A B GC; Crazy Kate, G; Marion, A B F I; Ernest Jones, A B G I; Emily Kate, A B D 1 F I; Tweedledum, -I BE F; May and Ivy, A B D A F G; Laura Marie Jack- son, A B FGI ; Edith Lock, A B G I; Eunoporoi, B D E F G I ; E. and F. Huntsman, A B D E F G I ; Amy and Maggie, A BD F G I; Winifred and Cresswell E., B D E F G I; May F. T. Davies, A B C F G I; A. M. T. L., AB F G I; Edith and Henry James, A B D E F G I; Ethel Portway, A B C D G; W. Satchell, B C D E F G I; Three Kays, AB F G I; Jeanie, ABDE F G I; Douglas, A BD F G I ; Jane and Mary Stevenson, A B F I; G. B. Newton, A B F; Margery, BD E SI ; W. Welford, A B CDE F I; Herbert Dicksee, B D E F G I; Lawrence Dicksee, B D E F G I; Katie Glassford, A B I; Scamp, A B D E F I; Bescvad, B D _ F G I; Jeanne du Lac, A B F G I; Gyp, A B F I; Mar- garet R. James, A F G I; Ruth Newington, F C; Nellou, A BD ' F G I; Marion Leslie, A B F I; Eddie Sullivan, B D 'F G I; Effie and Ally, A BE F G I; J. E. Cumming, B F; W. and D. Shearer, A B D E F I; Patricia, B I; J. and G. Macdonald, DE F G; D. J. Pring, A B D E F G I; Little Bopeep, B D F I; W. H. Smith, A BE F G I; Dinorah, B F G I; Maggie, James, John, and Archie, A B D E F G I; Floy and Mo, A B F G I; Rumplestillskin, B F G I; Marion Maud, A BDE F G I: Blanche Hayward, A B F G I; Ar- thur Hayward, A B F G I; Tim Pippin, B G I; Tannie, A B DE F G I; A. E. Clapperton, B; Frisky, B F G I; Gipsy, A B; A Haileyburian, A B C D E F I; Amy Stephens, A B C D E F I; Phcenie and Munnie, A E F G I; Netta and Bern- hard, A B F; The Friendly Trio, B I; Annie and Bertha Taylor, A A F; \V. Sutherland, A C DE F G I; Lillie S., BDE F G I ; Primrose, A B F G I; Amy Shipwright, A B F I; Zita, A BCDE ; Bacchi, BCDE F G I; Neddums and Bee, B C D E F G I; Constance Gant, B C E F G I; Ellen Llewellyn, A F G I; Jock of Hazledean, G I; Son of a Gun, F G; J. and W. Thomson, F G I; Park, A B D E G; J. A. F. M., A B C D E F I; Annie E. Suter, G; Charlie and Percy Carryer, A B F G I; R. H. Whall, A B D E F GC; Ethel Whall, A B D F G I; Florence Snell, B F I; Guess Why, A B D E F; Dancing Dromedary, G I; Jessie E. Ro- binson, B FG I; Christina McDearmid, A B D E F I: Sa- piens, A B F G I; Sib Boneson, B G I; The Gorilla, B D E G I; Kitty and Clara Ingamells, C D E; Arthur and Harry Ingamells, B G; A. Atkinson, B I; Mary and Florence Gleig, A B F G I; Annie G., A B F I; Emma Shellabeare, A B D E F G I; H. C. Johnstone, A B D E F G I; Puzzled, A B G I ; Marion Fox, F I : Phebe Norton, I; S. M. Duff, C; But- terfly, AB C; Honeybee and Bunny, A B D A F I; Miss Hartley, and S. J. E. D., A B D E G I : Ella and Missy, A B CDE /; (Edipus, A B C D A' F I; A. G. Thurston, AB F G I; The Graces, A B F I; Joppa, A B G I; Katie Abbott, A B G I ; Alfred Trimble, A B C D E F I; Amelia Suermondt, B G I; Lena Victe, A B C D E G I; Dora Miller, A B C D E 'I; Fan, CD E I; T. C. Hughes, A B FGI; Woldemar, B ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, A BE F G ; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibeer, B F G I; Mabel Walmsley, A B D E F G I; L. Nicholls and W. Parsons, A B F G I; C. J. Powell, B F G I; G. M. E., B F I: Gabrielle, AB F G I; Louie Barber, A B F G I; A. Z. W., A B D E ; Annie G. Mellor, B; Mary and Willie Arber, A B D E F G I; Kates and James Pickles, A B I; J. W. Bentley, B F G I; Violet, A B F I; Kpirfcunr Kpo'rwv KewaAh;w, B B A F C I. (H.) UNWEDDED RHYMES. Come, my young friends, you have done
very well this time in your rhyming essays. Some of you have been content with very obvious and trite rhymes, and so I find, in con- nection with the " owl " rhyme, a verydecided tendency of watch-dogs to " howl." There is also with regard to the "thrush" a good deal of nest-building of " rush " which I fear is not a fact in Natural History; and then again I observe that when they want to hear the " tit " my little playfellows consider it right to "sit." Upon the whole, however, I find a very fair general knowledge of the habits and appearance of the birds, which speaks for keen observation of nature. Some of my little friends do not seem to have understood that the words I gave must be rhymed, not merely inserted in the lines; and so such a verse for instance as the following is dis- qualified :- Into the air there rose a lark: On gently fluttering wing; Oh, the despised, the blundering owl, Who cannot even sing ! One of the boys supplies me with a verse which I must quote not only because it is comic, but because it contains a fault I want to point out; How pretty is the little dove, And likewise is the wren, Just like my little darling love, Whose name is Sally Ben. That youth does not deceive us--there is no such young lady, but he invented her for the rhyme's sake; and that is almost as wrong as another fault I want to warn you against-the use of" does" and "doth" to fill out lines. It is not so easy to decide this month as it was last, which copy of verses to print; but I think I have chosen the best, by Lenore. BIRDS. Away ! thou drowsy hooting owl, Thou dullest of all feathered fowl; For see, the sun has chased the dark, And upward soars the thankful lark. The day is up :--the gentle dove Coos to his mate a song of love; And now the tiny merry wren Sings gaily from yon woodland glen. How sweetly sing the birds-ah, hush ! I hear the speckle-breasted thrush, And-as if list'ning to him-sit A sober rook, and pert tom-tit. I rank my classes thus : sot Class :--Lenore; Mary Henrietta ; Mary Hewitt; Son of a Gun; Jeanne du Lac; Laura Marie Jackson; Lallie; A. Atkinson. 2nd Class :-Mabel Walmsley; Bacchi ; Tweedledum; Nabob Pickles ; W. H. Smith; Nora Creina and Catspaw; Dottlecobs; Edith Harris; Katie Glassford. 3rd Class:--A. Z. W. ; Nellie Stevens; Edith Stevens; W. A. P.; Llewellyn; N. Henrietta; Winifred Knox: Marion Leslie; Ellen Llewellyn. Commended :--Bo-peep; Ethel and Maud; Derby Jack; Puss; Christina McDearmid; Emma M. Shellabear; Elsie
Edith Lack; Kitty de Bassingham; Blanche Hayward; Mary and Willie Arber; A. W.; Ida Leslie; Margaret R. James* Guess Why; Crazy Kate; Joppa. There are also a few essays, which, while I cannot highly commend them, deserve a word of encouragement. Frances Susanna's lines are fanciful, but deficient in execu- tion; and Woldemar's are spoilt by a feeble ending; while there are good points in both Toby and A. C. Clapperton. I must remind a few of my playfellows who beg of me not to give any more rhyme-puzzles, that there are a good many of my little friends who like them; and I try to give a variety of things in order that all may be able to find some amusement to their tastes. When you grow up, little folks, you'll learn that the best way to ensure comfort and happiness for yourself, is to consult the comfort and happiness of others; and so the sooner you begin the practice the better. When my sister and I were children, being the only two, we compromised matters, and she would play at soldiers with me, and I would play at dolls with her-and I can tell you, young ladies, none of your dolls ever looked lovelier than an armless, legless, featureless log looked to me when I had finished a green baize dress for it with gobble-stitches quite an inch long ! Talking of dolls reminds me that I have to thank my little friend Jumping Jehoshaphat for the offer of a swimming doll whose name is Tom ; but as unfortunately I can't swim, my namesake might tempt me out of my depth, and I should be drowned. But I am much obliged for the offer all the same, and if he will send me his address he shall have some- thing he wants to get, for he's a jolly boy. I have, too, to thank a certain little lady whose name is Lillie, for sending me a sweet lily of the valley in her letter. I have put it in my pocket-book with other treasured flowers,- the first daisy that opened on a dear one's grave, and a double primrose that has a pretty story like a poem. I was being shown over his garden by a kind French clergyman, the Abbd Malais, when I saw and admired its early pale lilac blossons. " Pick them- take all, pray," he said at once; "the good God always keeps them growing for me." So I picked one and kept it for the sake of the beautiful words and the gentle speaker. I have such a number of suggestions and questions, that I am in quite a new Puzzledom how to answer them. I may as well begin by apologising for some mis-spelt names, and misplaced guessers. The blunders were made by a youth whose assistance I sought, and who is, at this present, suffering, doubt- less, for his mistakes, in the Bay of Biscay on
his first voyage to India. I may also inform Bescvad that B. was right-" sweet" does not rhyme with " tomtit,"-and L. N. that I do not see my way to giving Sunday Puzzles. Zita, whose letter, in spite of her prophecy, goes into that drawer, will be glad to learn that as soon as the seaside season begins, we shall go to a Puzzledom watering-place. Dottlecobs and A. E. Hayward will find I have tried to meet their wishes, and so will Bourri and Tiny, although they neglect to send in their answers at the right time. I don't quite understand the questions of Jabberwock and Mousie about the three classes and the commendations in the case of Rhymes, unless they want to learn if the order of the names in each class denotes the order of merit in the class; which is not the case. A. Z. W.-I feel sure she's a nice little girl-does not know how to address me. Well, some call me "Mr. Editor," some "Mr. Director," or" Conductor," some "Mr. Hood," or " Mr. Tom Hood," and one youngster, who was delighted at having guessed so many puzzles, called me " Old Cockalorum,"-so A. Z. W. has a choice before her. " Lily of the Valley," who wishes to wish me many happy returns, I beg to inform that I shan't have any more birthdays this year, so I shall wait till the i9th of next January. Patricia, speaking about Easter holidays, explains that they are not kept in the North, and thinks it sounds strange to wish one may enjoy one's fast holidays. In one sense I always find holidays too fast, they are so soon over, but Patricia forgets that the fast ends on Saturday, and the Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday are kept as holidays or feasts. In France, the market on Saturday is crowded with people, who having lived on salt fish so long, are anxious to buy meat and fresh provisions; and I saw a very odd sight in the market place at Dieppe when I was having my holi- day. An old lady was going round to make her purchases, followed by a boy with a basket. The first thing that was put into the basket was a live white duck, which lay quite quiet even when a large bunch of carrots
was placed on its back. Then came some apples and some green stuff and herbs, and so on, until at last all that could be seen of the duck was its neck and head rising out of the middle of the vegetables, calmly surveying the world at large. But the mention of the duck reminds me that two of my little friends, Amy and Maggie, tell me they have four dear little bantams that lay well but will eat their own eggs. Oddly enough, I have four bantams, too; but as the thought of laying never seems to occur to them, they are under no tempta- tion, and I have, therefore, no experience in the matter, but I believe if an egg-shell filled with mustard and pepper is put in the house, a taste of it may cure them. I must condole with Elsie too about the poor little rooks blown out of their nests by the high winds. I have no rooks, but I have a raven, who dances and tumbles head-over-heels when he's in good spirits; and I have a peacock and peahen, and a-seagull, and a parrot that has a smattering of French and Greek, as well as a copious command of English, though for the vulgar tongue the raven beats Poll. In reply to Lily's question whether I have a cat as well as a dog, I must plead to two dogs and two cats, and the first thing in the morning they all four come and jump on my bed and roost all along me. I can recommend the notion to little people who find it hard to get up of a morning; I rise very early in consequence. Lastly, I'll promise Effie and Ally, who say "Please, don't ever stop writing Puzzledom, it is so good," that if they will never grow any older, I'll see what I can do, but unluckily it is not a matter I can absolutely control-especially when my life is in danger from a swimming doll. Last of all, before saying good-bye till next month, I must compliment Aggie Rossiter, aged nine, on the pretty lines her mamma has sent me to read; but I fear in the interests of Puzzledom, which requires all my attention, I must not undertake to look over writings that do not strictly belong to these columns.
ýý