PUZZLE PAGES. 14.-PUZZLE.
Y frst rhymes with host, and coast, and toast, And roast, and know'st, and mostly most. My second is-what every one must come to, And be bereft of all, and' deaf and dumb too; * You'll know the word, though 'tis not English .(rum, too), If you have not neglected books as some do. My third is what most schoolboys dread, And grown-up men with wary tread Approach the solemn hall, And wonder much if they shall find A kind reception to their mind, Or if in anguish fall. The picture tells the tale alone, And very well the puzzle's shown.
15.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "Brave Torquil from Dunvegan high, Lord of the misty hills of Skye; MacNeil, wild Bara's ancient thane; Duart of bold Clan Gillian's strains; Fergus, of Canna's castled bay; MacDuffith, Lord of Colonsay." 1. "Far in Arabia's unknown waste Behold this bigot land is placed." 2. " The prudent town-clerk loudly cries, 'Do nothing rashly, sirs: be wise.'" 3. " Monk Barnes, gesticulating free, Cries, ' To the phaca' by the sea." 4. The harp that once witlh dulcet strains Charmed these old walls now mute remains. 5. Within her ancient castled keep This lonely maid did watch and weep. 6. The Pyrenean hills have heard The death-shriek of the mighty lord. 7. Unhappy youth!- a lesson to the vain? His own form did himself enchain. 16.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "The last of all the bards was he Who sang of border chivalry." "The simple bard rough at the rustic plough." 1. " Till that stubborn knight came him behind, And ran his body through." 2. "Travellers ne'er did lie, Though fools at home condemn them." 3. "You I may break; You may shatter the vase if you will, But the scent of the roses will hang round it still." 4. " Memorial pillar, 'mid the wrecks of time, Preserve thy charge with confidence sublime, The exultation, pomps, and cares of Rome, Where half the breathing world received its doom." 5. " Which, like the silver-pearled dewe, Ran down her comely face." //i
17.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The work and the workman. 1. If you're not this, you will not look your best. 2. An isle of early Christians in the West. 3. People 'mongst whom the Britons found a place. 4. The stronghold of the noble Douglas race. 5. In numbers you will find me writ alone. 6. "lHe threw the blood-stained sword in thunder down." 7. The softest down torn from the poor bird's nest, Fol quilts and pillows you will find me best. 18.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "Till now thy beauty had I viewed By glimpses only, and confess with shame That verse of mine, whate'er its varying mood, Repeats but once the sound of thy sweet name; Yet fetched from Paradise that honour came, Brightfully borne." 'The castle of Macduff I will surprise; seize upon it; give to the e o' the sword his wife, his babes." 1. "By rills and swells in meadowe greene We nightly dance our hey-day guise, And to our fairye king and queene We chant our moonlight minstrelsies." 2. "Oh, learn'd indeed were that Astronomer that knew the stars." 3. " I would have sent the sea within the earth or e'er It should the good ship have so swallowed." 4. " The most mighty god Seemed to besiege and make his bold waves tremble, And his dread trident shake." ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &c. (Pages 110, 111, 112.) llaving stolen the candy, he hooked it, cut it, made tracks (tracts), ked, keaddlled, evaporated, bolted I as seen in the picture on a scale of foot. ,- nBpectre (inspector). 4.-Going to the dogs. Dragon.fly. 5.-Truck-u-lent (truculent).
19.--PUZZLE. 1. A pleader's first brief, Which may bring him to grief, Or make him a man, which would be a relief. 2. A close fit of thinking, Which sets the eyes winking, Or else with sad mem'ries sets the heart sinking. .. = .:; ---.-= _I Ii ( ; ;r 3. Something that perhaps may Both be lightsome and gay, Or else that will make people doubt what we say. 4. Be you little or bigger, Or whatever your figure, You're a man with my fourth, though you be but a nigger. [What familiar line is suggested by these words-and the pictur course?] /, I, //,/