PUZZLES.
Charades. I. My first is liked by most folks very hot; My next, though personal, be not offended ! My last is harmless if you touch it not; My whole is oft for cleanliness intended. Enveloped in a solemn gleam My first is often seen, And sometimes dressed in bright array Reflects upon the green. My second forms a sweet retreat Where you and I might stray; And while we walk with converse sweet, Enjoy the lovely day. My whole is a vegetable fair With flower of purple dye, And fruits that hang in clusters thick Delightful to the eye. 3. My first for industry is famed, And e'en in Holy Writ is named; My next is what young ladies do When guardians frown and lovers sue; My whole afar on Eastern hills Chases the wine and quaffs the rills.
4. My beautiful first is a world of light 'Mid the golden realms on high, That shines on my next till it shines as bright As those isles in the far-off skies. Then my whole spring up on earth's breast Bespeaking a hand divine, As it pearly leaves 'neath a pure white crest In the burning radiance shine. Without my first the festive board Would scarcely be esteemed complete; My second is imperative, Though for entreaty far more meet; My whole in rural scenes is found, In Shakespeare, too, a name renowned. 6. My first you may do, but without much success; My next to do well requires patience, I guess; And three lines rightly placed my whole will express.
Charade. 7. My first an useful instrument is found When by my second used; My third can traverse earth's far bound; My whole is oft abused. A Single Acrostic. 8. I. Town in Kent. 2. Town in Somerset. 3. Town in Cheshire. 4. Town in Stafford. 5. Town in Hampshire. 6. Town in Surrey. 7. Town in Buckingham. 8. Town in Middlesex. 9. Town in Devonshire. o0. Town in Nottinghamshire. 11. Town in Surrey. The initials read down form the mania of the present day. Cryptographs. 9. Yccv drasey eq cscrm Nrezeju ncarz, H qcscr xez zuhjc qagcj ycvarz Jam zh mhpr jhqj-Xh ucrc nej drasc Luh sebzhr yecy hq Dayezc lasc, Zh neg aj zh zuc nkreqd xcseq, Juhrz, nreduz, rcjejzxcjj bhkrjc xaj descq; Lucrc'cr nej bhkqzecj ohcj Icre ohkqy Laj ucary zuc oazax zukjycr'j jhkqy- Jexx nkrjz zuc nhxz hq mhqycr juhrc, Rhxx'y, nxatcy, ycjzrhm'y aqy laj qh ghrc. I O. Lvi iozzl Ig jgxe ovzd egjdudti butvl Jzigmdi xpjgii lvz kzzf Xdh lvz pjwilxb igdt gs lvr oggkqudz qjutvl Vmivzi Ivz jgpci Ig ibzzf. Xdk lvz qbggkjzk eggd ud lvz gbxizgs dggd Ui qxlvzk ud x pjmeqbudt kzo Xdk lvz ogbs judti gml only x tbullzjudt iugml Lg ovul, Ig ovul Ig ogg.
Numerical Charades. II. I am of 12 letters and a well-known novel. 4, 7, 12,9, a company; 3, 11, 1, 6, manner; 8, 2, 1o, 5, a projection. 12. I am a word of Io letters; my 7, 8, 9 is a part of the English nation; my 6, 9, Io is an insect; my io, 8, 2 is a drink; my 1, 8,6, 3, 4 is a gem; my 8, 2, 3, 4is a title; my 7, 2, 3, o10 is a market, and my whole is an assembly. Word Squares. 13. A wild flower. A play. Ploughed. Twin. Stops (beheaded). 14. An offspring. A dish. Slothful. Close. 155 Courtship. Part of the body. Above. An Irish lake. 16. To get. A quantity. A space. To specify. 17. A whirlpool. To drag. To venture. Evergreen trees. 18. A heathen deity. An interjection. A hall. The rear. Proverbs. 19. aaa, eeee, ooo, dd, g, 1, rr, tt, w. 20. aa, b, eeeeeeeeeee, hhhh, m, nn, o, rrr, s, tttttt, w. 21. aaa, e, g, 11111, o, p, r, ss. An English Tou'n. 22. A tree and a part of an animal. Transposition. 23. Better cove ran less.