I I ..r ~ I I II ,, Ig 1rr7i1/ fl JP[I ' if''' ,,1111 _º .. / ,Ji i Jill \ý 'i A l ýI Ta . 1. A IROM; TRicii.
Take a piece of stout cord and tie a simple knot in the centre; then tie one end round the right leg and the other round the right wrist, tightly, mind, and firm; then untie the centre knot without releasing either leg or arm. How is this done? 2. THE PH(ENIX EPISTLE. Request one of the company to write something on a sheet of paper, put it into an envelope, fasten it down, and then tell what is in it, after it has been duly directed and then burnt. Produce a writing case, take the sheet of paper on which the sentence is written, fold it, put it into an envelope, and fasten it down. Take the envelope, and before the eyes of the company direct it thus:- To his Implcioal Majesty, KING PLUTO, Fiery Halls, Inferno. or in any other way you please. And then, after asking some one to burn it and preserve the ashes, leave the room and procure an opera- glass, with which carefully examine the remains of the burnt document, and read the sentence that has been written. This is the secret of the trick. In the writing case there should be a supply of note paper, a few envelopes all of one pattern, and a pen and ink should be laid ready. Before the feat is introduced one of the envelopes is to be directed as above and a plain sheet of note paper placed inside, and the envelope fastened down. It is left between the leaves of the blotting paper, and when the sentence or letter has been
written, the envelope is directed in the same manner as the first, but, whilst blotting the direction, change the envelopes, and slip the one containing the note under the table, which, being duly secreted, is read at leisure outside, whilst the comipany are burning the blank side. The opera or magic glass is a ruse only to leave the room and read the note. 3. THE EGYPTIAN OR MOSAIC PUZZLE. Out of three varieties of card, white, red, and black, of these shapes-
i=-- iI
the first a perfect triangle, and the rectangle half the depth and twice the length of the triangle (in all about a score pieces of each colour and shape)-produce the most varied design in form and colour. 4. THE GROWING VEGETABLE BOUQUET. Take a fair sized globe turnip, care being taken to see that the crown is uninjured, and a slice is cut from the root end, so that the interior pulp can all be scooped out in the same manner that boys make a turnip lantern. It is then suspended by fine wire with the crown downwards. In the centre an ordinary orange carrot is fixed with the crown uppermost. The turnip is filled with a mixture of pure sand and moss well moistened with water, and it must always be kept thoroughly saturated. Water alone will answer the purpose if the carrot can be laced into its place by means of a needle and thread. The interval between the carrot and the outer edge of the turnip should be filled with dry ears of wheat, or barley, or even both of various lengths. Some kinds of dry grasses will also answer the purpose. If well made the basket will now appear like a round basin filled with corn, the upper portion of the carrot appearing like a faded poppy amidst it. It is hung up in a warm place by the wire, kept well moistened, and in a few days the turnip will sprout out, and the feathery leaves of the carrot begin to develop themselves, and each individual grain of corn will send forth a tiny green leaf to add to the beauty of the living bouquet. The leaves of the turnip will twine round its natural basin like an acanthus leaf on a Corinthian capital. If properly attended to it will last for many weeks. 5. RIDDLE. I was born in a far-off land, where mighty mountains look over the fertile plains.
Cataracts and mighty rivers nurtured me ; the noble savage was my only companion. Bells rang in my manhood, and flowers were strewn over my habitation. I longed not for other climes and other scenes, yet here I am at Christmastide claiming hospitality at your hands. You all know me, all use me-some even love me. Sometimes I sweeten the tea you drink, at others give substance to the staff of life. Sometimes I appear in the fiery spirit which leads men to madness, to wretchedness and woe. Yet I am innocent and pure as the snow flake on your window pane. Though I am humble, and would gladly dwell in a lowly habitation, I sometimes stiffen with pride. Man, ruthless man, is the cause of this. He comes forth with ruthless weapons, casts my dwelling place to the harsh elements, and me upon the cold world, exposed to every blast. Then he makes my grave, and casts me in with rottenness and foul corruption, but yet I do not die. I survive all, and when I issue forth, stout and robust, full of vigour and life, I am caught in a wily net ere my eyes gladden with the cheer- ing light, and open to meet the glorious sun. Into the fiery torrent, by a Fury, I am hurled. The pool bubbles round me, and I am hurled hither and thither. Who is this with mighty shield and dread trident who watches over all ? Deep into my vitals she plunges the murderous weapon, and then lacerates my skin, crushes me with Amazonian strength, as if nought could satisfy her rage. Statesmen now extol me. Portrait painters do not disdain my aid. I am possessed of taste, all admit ; my nature is various. Sometimes I am the cause of sloth and disorder, yet I am a blessing sent of Heaven. I feed millions, alleviate misery, but am a prize and prized. 6. CHARADE. In my first many contracts are made, And they are binding reckon'd ; When Pius was made Pope of Rome He was then my second. My whole great reverence pays my first, He thinks that it will save him, And 's fit to wish that being curst Who don't do as he'd have him. 7. ANAGRAM. I am a fowl in my first state, And when in pretty good condition
By hundreds I am thought a treat. Now let me suffer transposition, Then I am decked with fruits and flowers ; But if you would again transpose My hated name upon you lowers' When you're beset with deadly foes. Strike off the head, and may I ne'er With you, my dear friends, appear. REBUSES. 8. Adown my whole when blackbirds sing, And hail the mild returning spring, How pleasing 'tis to stray ! Unlike where city slums abound, In which, beheaded, I am found, A dark and narrow way. Now, of my head again bereft, By just reversing what is left, You'll have a dreadful cry ; Curtailing this you will display A measure then, by which you may Your lace and linen buy. 9. My boys, define an offspring of the Graces Which adds fresh beauty to your charming faces: Decapitate, transpose it, and you'll find A fruit, and you may taste it if inclined : Extract one half the heart of this fine fruit, You'll see the cause of many a high dispute. All parts restored-cut off the leading letter, You'll have a measure, and few measures better. Now, make it one head less, an awful place; Where sweetest music's heard, 'twill show its face; Drop but one letter and transpose, 'tis true The whole of Britain will appear in view. 10. Of all enigmas and charades, In all their shapes and all their shades, Whate'er the first and second be The last is always found in me.
11. Cryptograph. W5mv g5 wvzgs yb h4zmwv 657h g5mt7vh, Dzh gsv Sv65 gszg sv6v 43vb; Wvzgs, 3m t7v6w5m 52 sv6 d65mth, T3evh sv6 2znv, ds3is mvev6 w3vh: 115 gsv 432v gszg w3vw d3gs hsznv, 43evh 3m wvzgs d3gs t456357h 2znv. N71S zw5 zy57g m5gs3mt Zig V Hlvmv 111. 12. Word Squares. An article of jewellery. A heathenish image. A. part of the face. A valley. 13. An article used for domestic purposes. A past king of Greece. An exclamation. Show. 14. A sort of cord. A preposition. The founder of a colony in N. America. A lake in Ireland. 15. A precious stone. A stick. A range of mountains. Smaller. 16. Dry. A flower. An, Oxford river. A writing case.
17. 4, 5, 7, 1 fuel. 3, 7, 1, 2 companion. 9, 7, 3, 4 soldiers' home. 6, 7, 1, an animal. 4, 5, 7, 6 fruit. My whole, a word of ten letters, denotes a virtuous habit. is. Use. A town on the Euxine. A changer. A Russian river. One most earnest. The initials name a heroine who rid the world of my finals. Crimean. 19. I'll fire the canon, G.E.G. 20. A grand roll. 21. Knight in hero's fame. 22. Run ! do call ! 23. Dracol daring ! 24. My initials name a poem written by my finals. A palace. An Eastern god. A Persian city. An Eastern fruit. A Scotch game. A poem. A mark. A wandering nation. A Chinese city. A feature. 25. I am a word of eight letters, and a very famous statesman. My 4, 6, 5, 7 is genuine. My 8, 7, 2, 5, 1 is a celebrated poem. My 5, 1, 6, 7, 5, 8, 1, 6 is a large town in New Holland. My 6, 5, 4, 7 is a title. My 4, 2, 3, 6, is to ascend.
26. My first is the name of my second, and my zwhole was a general in the civil war in America. 27. My first is a boy, my second a colour reversed, and my whole is much used by masons. 28. Cryptograph. De dwi ent, nels navi olt duiog- mui; De dwi yemls, onn wiondw clt pnwgmui ; De dwi voau, dwiau voji Hadw idivlon suoji, Olt dwi gemnr de ti nefit od niag- mui. De dwi hiddy, onn jnionu rauueug ; De dwi veenagw, dwiau iunueug; De dwi nefals gpuadi O gijmui tinaswd; De dwi cionemg wag ehl vongi diuueug.
S2 JAG9 PUZZLE . 1. PUZZLE NO. i.
29. 550 au. A noted archbishop. 506 o. A Latin poet. 2001 on. A noted engineer. 502 ruenog. An Italian painter. 1060 afan. An eminent sculptor. 2000 une. An English monarch. 101 y. A grammarian. 101 see. A mathematician. 1561 oon. A poet and dramatic writer. 52 kew. A Scotch painter. The initials will name a poet. 30. Ye shell press by ye ch. 31. Mother has not catt. 32. Or yet bother us. 33. Laurels made ye gro lict. 34. 100 worw, he's worthy of England. 35. W'nt B.T.H. Zebra, lion, tiger, bear.
P r No. PuzzL E No. 2.