PUZZLE PAGE.
CHARADE. Y second is soft as an infant's hand, And light as an infant's sigh; But my first is rough, and punishes all Who carelessly pass him by. My first in Scotia's traditions is kept, S My second's an Irish shire; While my whole is the gift of the mischievous wind That no farmer will admire. ENIGMA. My first is in crane, but not in stork, My second's in spoon, but not in fork, My third is in rake, but not in hoe, My fourth is in rain, but not in snow, My fifth is in buzz, but not in hum, My sixth is in prune, but not in plum, Reader I hope to gain my whole By this enigma short and droll. HIDDEN PROVERB. A WORD of the proverb will be found in each quotation : I. " GREAT are the sea and the heaven, Yet greater is my heart; And fairer than pearls and stars Flashes and beams my love." 2. "O haste thee, haste !" the lady cries, "Though tempests round us gather; I'll meet the raging of the skies But not an angry father." 3- "Not the less he saw the landscape, In its gleaming vapour veiled; Not the less he breathed the odour, That the dying leaves exhaled." 4. "(;Go, speed to thee, Sir Nicholas: thou hast no thought of fear; Good speed to thee, Sir Nicholas! but fearful odds are here. The traitors ring thee round, and with every blow and thrust, 'Down, down,' they cry, 'with Belial down with him to the dust.'"'
DOUBLE GEOGRAPHICAL ACROSTIC. My primals and finals will- name two British poets; a river in Northumberland; a town in Lanarkshire; an island in the Irish Sea; a town on the Ribble; a bay in county Cork; a town in county Clare; a district in the north of Spain; a town in Cornwall. METAGRAM. I AM only an article, but for all that I am most particular about my personal appearance. Allow me to introduce myself to you, and see if you can recognise me when I don a different cap. i. A culinary utensil. 2. An instrument for causing an artificial zephyr. 3. Frequently seen on the feet of collie-dogs. 4. An auxiliary denoting possibility. 5. The past tense of a very active verb. 6. An announcement, and yet a curse. 7. An individual of mental capacity. 8. The first and foremost in war. THREE HIDDEN ENGLISH TOWNS. A InRD and the beginning of remorse. A number and some very fine trees. What little girls are very fond of and some- thing good to eat. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES ON PAGE 192. RII)DLE-ME-REE. Snap-dragon. I)OUBLE ACROSTIC. T ra M H or s E E mble M AgO L abou R B anditt I E rA R oya I, T. The Albert Memorial.