PUZZLE PAGES. 533.-CHARADE.
/ . , Y second, a bright and sparkling brook, Was beset with many a flower; " It rippled through flowery meads to play With pebbles round in its course that lay, Nor lacked it the sheen of jewels gay To wear in its proudest hour. For the glorious sun smiled over it, And flung down a golden light, To kiss the glittering waters clear, That murmured a song so sweet to hear, And prattled gaily when none were near, 3By day and in the night. But a restless mood came over it, One cold, bleak winter day, When the sky was dark with mist and rain, And it sang its song, but all in vain, -For the golden sun came not again To sparkle on its way. So it murmured in a bitter tone, And complained of its altered fate,
And craved to be put in another place, Where it might exhibit its smiling face, And earn due praise for its gentle grace, And enjoy its pristine state. While it chattered thus in discontent, And railed at its work and station, A surveyor happened to pass it by; " By my word," said he, " this is just what I Have been looking for eagerly low and high, The very situation!" So he drew his plans and set to work, While my second, gently flowing, Began to ponder on what he meant, And hope he'd divulge before he went The reason why he was so content With the course where it was going. It soon found out ; for workmen came, And with terrible noise and riot They built my first upon the brink, And before my second began to think,
Or its old friend the sun had time to wink, It had bid good-bye to quiet. A slave to my first it had become, To its own amazement utter: Summer or winter, in frost or snow, My first in my second wanted to go; 'Twas a matter now of duty to flow, And no use at all to mutter. The clatter and dash quite overpowered The song it had sung so sweetly; It must wander on for nearly a mile, Past many a field, and hedge, and stile, Ere it heard its own voice, now somewhile Out-clamoured most completely. So little folks if your lot is small, And with few riches attended, Take heed from my second and be content, For hearts on ambition and change so bent Gain no glory or good, on a fresh coursesen And are oft like my whole thus ended.
534.-CAPPING WORDS.
I am the synonym for everything, but being of an omnigenous nature my tastes are some- what incongruous. I have more caps than one to fit me, and having donned a few let me see if you can find me out under my new head-gear. 1. The paradise of young ladies just coming out. 2. What most people consider a duty, though disliking it. 3. What almost invariably happens to pride.
4. The concentration and seat of bitterness. 5. An important part of a lordly mansion. 6. A favourite game in the time of Charles 7. The last species of trappings humanitywear 8. A favourite female diminutive with a sailor 9. What short people generally vainly deu to be. 10. What quarrelsome people are very fond d taking.
535.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. An alley in Fleet-street. N I
536.-ENIGMA. Iam found in a box, in a paper at sea; There are very few spots where you will not find me. I' the tool of a woman, her mightiest aid, In her hand I'm an implement valued in trade. Im used by the tailor, the surgeon, the glover, I furnish an apposite theme for the lover. For though far on the wastes of the watery deep, The sname point in view I incessantly keep; When the sailor is out on the desolate sea For pathway and guidance he reckons on me. Iam short, I am long, am three-sided, or bent, For the different uses on which I am sent. Im a great benefactor, and always employ Formy servant the child, woman, man, girl, and boy. Idell in some rocks in the midst of the sea; Few traverse the Channel oblivious of me. The inger I am of the fleet lightning spark; interpret its message, and point to the mark O! the letter it signifies, just at the nonce Sbmpathetic I echo the message at once. I'e a neat, pretty eye, employed never to see, And a long flowing tail where my hair ought to be. Mlybeak's at my foot, which a pathway doth win Threngh, cloth, linen, paper, silk, leather, and skin. Though wrought of mere steel by mechanical skill, Atthe magnet's first touch a mysterious thrill Pervades all my being, a power intense Ibues me at once with most exquisite sense. flforelather the thorn never thought to behold dis escendant so famous in history enrolled; Butin city or tent, factory, railroad, or sea, sa lesson how powerful a small thing may be.
537.-DECAPITATIONS. 1. I am a pebble of beautiful markings and capable of an excellent polish; behead me and I become a rustic portal. 2. I am an animal of the porcine tribe, but one of its most select and rare species; behead me and I am an indispensable adjunct to a small boat on river or sea. 3. I am a delicious fruit, especially cultivated in Jersey; behead me and I become the medium of sound in its varied forms. 4. I am what woman is at the fairest and most interesting point of her life; behead me and I am on horseback. GEOGRAPHICAL TRANSPOSITIONS. 538. DAMAREI.-One of the Canary, or ancient Fortunate, Isles; is famed for its peculiar native wine and salubrious climate. 539. ETHIOATE. - One of the Society Islands of Polynesia, now fast becoming a part of the civilised world. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 162, 163, and 164.) 519. Monks-hood. 520. I. Too many cooks spoil the broth. ii. Least said soonest mended. in. When the cat's away the mice will play. 521. A square: because he has four right lines and angles. 522. THE BOY's OWN MVAGAZINE. A HAPPY NEW YEAR TO YOU I ThetA - HauncH - Eric--BishoP-- OxliP-YouthfullY-SuN- OrE-WilloW-NavY- MaizE-ArenA-Gre- nadie - AUronauT - ZenO - IvY- NonO - EmU. 523. Bay. 524. Pan-cake. 525. I. Little pot, soon hot. n. Nothing venture, nothing have.
540.-CHARADE.
The Frog's mishap on his courting quest, By idle Dame Rumour related, For his neighbours and friends made a capital jest, My first, when he heard it, laughed more than the rest. "By my brush !" quoth he, "it encourages me, When such comical tales are narrated." So he polished his claws, and trimmed his hair, And set off at once on his wooing To the heiress Miiss Puss, who was young and fair, "I piqued myself much on my neat little paws, And fancied they'd made an impression ; And the pains that I've taken to polish my claws, I'm sure for such fancies I've given no cause. By my brush !" quoth he, " but my heiress shall see I'm determined to keep in possession!" So he went to the owl her opinion to gain As soon as the daylight was over, Who advised him to go to the magpie again, Who sent him on further, his errand in vain ! "By my brush !" quoth he, "there's no fun as I see At all in becoming a lover !" So quite out of sorts with himself and the fair, He voted his courtship quite stupid, Till Flora, the flower-queen, relieved him of care, And ordered her subjects to make him a pair. " By my brush!" quoth he, "she's the goddess for me, She was alvays a friend to Dan Cupid I Well, I am not the first to be tasked by my love With terrible trouble in finding a - !" To work went the leaves and blossoms as well To furnish my first with my second, And, assisted by Flora's most powerful spell, They succeeded in raising a flowering bell. 2
And, moreover, of wealth had a very share. " By my brush I" quoth he, " her fortuneoi Not the least of her charms to my viesi But Pussie was ficklde, capricious, and vain, And gloried her slaves to be showing, So she ordered myfirst, with becoming dis Not, unless with my second, to see her agal " By my brush I" quoth he, " what a flirt must be ! These womanly whims there's no knowin But vain every art of each suitor that flocks To her shrine, to ountrival the wit of the "By my brush !" quoth he, "when full-n;: 'twill be A most elegant requisite reckoned !" But, alas for his hopes ! a malevolent frost Retarded its growth ere completed, And Puessie declared he must suffer the cost, For marry she would ere more time should belt " By my brush !" quoth he, " it is cruel to It At the very last moment defeated! The jilt and coquette that thus cruelly mocks. Like mine shall yet mourn for the loss oft A tortoiseshell Tom, of rank and race, The fair feline heiress married; My crestfallen first with very ill grace Received cards with my second in proper spO " By my brush I" quoth he, "how te f could jeer me, To see how my wooing's miscarried !" A person addicted to fun wrote a lay, Relating myfirst's woeful story, How my second were found by the cavalier ga Whose love with another had just gone as " By my brush I" quoth he, "I must travellI Or submit to the loss of my glory!" So he went to the hills, to the valleys, and rod love d J tade betrayed by the -- '