PZZW; L aB~~~~·~
I. Four inhabitants of the water. II. (The blank is to be supplied by rightly arranging the initials of the italicised words.) The Fiji islanders believe that one of their gods fished up Fiji from the bottom of the sea by entangling his fish hook in a rock, and that the island would have been - had not the line broken. The fish hook is still preserved as a proof, but they do no not state where the god stood while fishing. THoMsoN SHARP. III.-TRANSPOSITION. My whole is an ornament of flowers, behead and transpose and I am what we live on, curtail and change last letter and I am a title, curtail and I am part of the head. IV.-BURIED RIVERS. 1. Thomas and Harry are out. 2. The cat rent the garment. 3. The house is prettily situated. 4. I went with Amy to see Mrs. White. 5. Lulu never came without her doll. 6. John stood on the table and broke the tumbler. 7. Nan Iles was naughty, an:l would not learn her lessons. 8. Ty, Neil's dog, swam through the brook. 9. The den in which the lions were secured was too small. 10. Go into the kitchen, and tell cook I want her. 11. You rallied after Dr. Ross's visit. 12. Whether Annie is ill or well, she must go to Bridgenorth on Monday. CONsTANCE MIENs. V.-CHARADE. The ungodly resemble my first, we are told, which the wind drives away. Of my next I am bold to say it is found in the measure called Long or Lineal. My whole is admired for its song (I mean the male bird), and I've read or heard say it is fond of my first, which the wind drives away. TroaIson SHAnP. VI.-DIAMOND PUZZLE. 1. A consonant. 2. A kini, of boat. 3. An ornamental part of a lady's dress. 4. A domestic animal. 5. Another consonant. VII.-HIS'ORICArL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Could they speak, those castles old, What wondrious stories might be told I 1. " Her foes shake like a field of beaten corn ; " They thought to conquer, they returned forlorn. 2. The Lancaster rose had quickly to own The claims of pale York were first to the throne. 3. This soldier brave will clear a way Through thickest fight and deadliest fray. 4. A treacherous king a crown had won From a brother's murdered son. 5. Tamerlane's conquest was in vain, The great Mogul reigns here again. 6. He slew his Saxon king and lord, And broke his faith and plit,ted wa,' 1. 7. A famous league was "ft ioli here, To commerce and to ireedom dear. KATE WOOD.