PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
S we are about, my young friends, to start for an excursion in Puzzle- dorm, it is as well that I should tell you what preparation is necessary ' for the journey. We shall not require much: " every young gentle- . man (or lady)," as they say in the school cir- culars, "is expected to be provided with" -patience and a pair of crackers. There are no giants, no wild beasts in Puzzledom- at least none that will attempt to hurt us- but the inhabitants are a very strange set of people. Every sentence they address to you ill end with a note of interrogation-so ? and sometimes the only way in which you can fid out the answer to their queries will be to put them into the crackers by main force, and just crack them ! By what a learned gentleman, called Dr. Darwin, de- scribes as Natural Development, the bodies of all the inhabitants of Puzzledom are just like nuts. The nobility and gentry look like walnuts, the middle class folks are like fil- berts, and the poor people resemble cobs. Now you will know what to do in Puzzle- dom. You must devote yourself patiently to the meditation of the questions that will be asked you, and if they puzzle you very much, you must trip them up, pop them into the crackers, and crack them. It may seem cruel, but it isn't, because, of course, nuts cannot feel. When we arrive at the frontiers of Puzzle- do, as we are now doing, we shall be asked by a very fierce Custom-House officer to pass
an examination. It is not a very hard one, but if you cannot answer his questions, you
will have to stop outside the barrier. The puzzles he puts to you are so very simple that if you fail to find them out, it is as well for you not to travel further, because you would be sure to meet with a Puzzler-that's what the inhabitants are called-who would put you a query you could not solve anyhow, and then, perhaps, he might wrest your crackers from you, and crack you! and then what would papa and mamma say? Here's the Custom-House Officer, and here is his paper of questions :- RIDDLEMAREES. i. What English watering-place is like bees and nettles in grass that has been mown ? 2. If your name were Edward, and you were chosen from among all your companions by a certain mute, why would it be the same thing as sitting for your portrait ? 3. When can a horse be sea-green in colour ? 4. Why cannot a hundred weight of candles be very heavy? 5. Why must the fleet in which Sweet William sailed have been manned by blacks? 6. Why is it that salmon are able to climb the salmon-ladders that are put up for them in rivers ? 7. A cook without pepper is like a dandy in Rotten Row in October. Why? 8. What is that which sometimes builds walls up, and sometimes knocks them down? 9. if you came on horseback from York to London, why did you take forty bushels out in a wherry ? . If houses were built of cakes and sweet things, what part of the door would you like best ? i . What sort of a sound does an estuary make when the tide is out ? 12. Why is Kent so famous for its cricket? Well, now we have passed that terrible old Custom House officer, we come to the bor- derland of Puzzledom. There are lots of people who never get any further. They are the literal people and they give the Puzzlers a great deal of trouble. There's one little fellow yonder. He emigrated from some simple place to the realm of Puzzledom and opened a blacksmith's shop. But he's simply starving, because he cannot do his work. One of the Puzzlers sent him a little bar of iron that he wanted cut into two pieces, and
the little blacksmith has been on that one job ever since. And how do you think he is trying to cut that bar? He is rubbing it with a whole year's copies of The Times. If you ask him why he does it, he will tell you that you should always cut through iron bars with a file, and he has got a newspaper file, which ought to be powerful, and he hopes in time to accomplish his task. There is another little man going about perspiring dreadfully with the labour of carrying an im- mense trunk of a tree, such as a giant might wield. He says he does it because it is fashionable to belong to a club. But we won't stop among the literals any longer. We have on our right the realm of Alphabet. You must not mistake this for the Republic of Letters, which is quite a different thing. Here there are plenty of monarchs. The first of these monarchs is a martyr to pains in the face. One of the literals who came here on a visit, recommended this afflicted royal personage to use a glazier's diamond, which he said would be certain to remove the pane. The monarch just behind is a very pur- blind person. He has evidently dropped something-a remark perhaps-and he is looking for it diligently with his barnacles. The third monarch is simply an impostor. He is not really an alphabetical monarch, though he tries to pass himself off for one. He has been trying very hard to get a crown for a long time by bribes and all sorts of shabby tricks. Now, when at last it is offered to him he pretends to ask the reason why he is invited to the throne. He is what I should call a Queery. There is another monarch here, but I cannot give you his portrait, because I could not get his carte de visite. The fact is, he hals a small income and is obliged to make it go
as far as possible, and economy will not admit of photography. I shall also omit another alphabetical monarch, because he is such a mean, shabby fellow. While we are talking about royal per- sonages I may as well show you a likeness of a monarch who rules the Realm of Mind, which is a country in close alliance with Puzzledom. You will notice that he is par- ticularly spare and skinny, which arises from his deep meditations on subjects of interest to the state. It was he who found out for me the imposture of the Queery Monarch, whose likeness I accepted and put into our gallery without suspecting that he was not of the genuine Alphabetical royal family. My attenuated friend, directly he began to con- template the picture, pointed out to me that I was taken in. But now we must be silent, and listen to the Puzzledom Choir who are going to sing. Here is a book of the words: CHARADE. My First's of metal or of clay, You're welcome to a splash in it : But seldom in the present day I think there is a flash in it.' MIy Second was a little child Who roamed the country side; She heard the angels call, and smiled, And in the winter died. My last and Whole is often found In ancient lordly hall; But, though it always runs quite round, I never moves at all.
DOUBLE Ackosric. Come, children all, Both great and small, And show you study atlases If you, lads, show wit, This title will fit, But I cannot call you that, lasses I. A barren rock that from the sea Uprears its rugged front; But where would now our empire be, I lad that not borne the brunt ! 2. ot very far from the Pacific, Up-springs this stream gigantic, And rushes, with a speed terrific, To join the vast Atlantic.
3. This is the name we give o weather-beaten isles, Where hardy fishers live, nd summer briefly smiles. 4. City once famous, thy glory must cease, one the renown of thy blade :- Nay, thou art writ in the Gospel of Peace, ever thy record shall fade. Now I think we have done a fair excursion for one month, so we will stay at rest. Next month I will explain to you all the posers that have been propounded for our perplexity by the rofound people of Puzzledo.