PUZZLE PAGES. 26.--PUZZLE.
n E. III. h 7, ý 1 ý I
JT was awful blowy weather years ago, And the heavy clouds above us promised snow, When 1 went out to call on my friend Joe, And boys at play with sport were all aglow, And I stood still my interest to show, Got something in my eye that hurt me so, At which the lads were pitiful ?-ah, no ! They told me flat my anger was no go, And bolted off to whither I don't know.
Jaek had been dipping freely into drink, At loss of reason he was on the brink, And at such conduct could commander wink Nay, to do so would sure his office sink. So in the morning, Jack, as you may think, Caught something that would-well, it made him ali III. What has become of my delicious ham, Sent down to me by friendly cousin Sam ? Who has been slicing at my joint of meat? Who has been drinking at my brandy neat? Who has devoured my bread and all my butter? I ask-my landlady can only utter- "What hit you in the eye when you were young? What came ohi Starboard Jack when he was sprung? It's just the same, and aint no fault of mine, Be it tea, sugar, coffee, brandy, wine- S No fault of mine: 'tis no use asking me; You can't expect no else in cottage by the sea !' 27.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Beloved of modern poets, and, in the days of old, Sacred alike to bard and sage and to the warrior bold: A name of wisdom and renown, known both to Greece and Rome. Honoured by English boys at school, and by their sires at home, 1. Queen of green bowers and ruby stores, of golden treasure fair. 2. A charm to drive away ill-luck and cruel-eyed Despair. 3. A place wheri one may lose one's way and never hope to find. 4. A gay-winged creature whose light touch oft leaves a sting belunt 5. A hero of the Trojan war, who served the Grecian host. 6. A noble subject of my ,whole--the ola Phoenician's boast. 28.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. My first's a thing that belongs to brutes-a very striking feature, My second's claimed alike by brutes and by a nobler creature. The nobler creature, meaning man, alone affects my whole, Producing thus a spectacle to move the humorous soul. 1. An article of child's apparel. 2. A ship well known to fame. 3. What swifter than all ships can travel 4. One whom the Graces blame.
----- -i- MIM- FISHING IN THE BIlAZILS
I FOIED FOILED.