PUZZLE PAGES. 66.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
A NATIVE of the New World, a benevolent, just, prudent, and sagacious man; he headed tt army of his country during a celebrated contest, and by his military talents turned the seal in h er favour. He retired early from public business, satisfied with having promoted his country' happiness, and quite uninfluenced by any selfish or ambitious motives. The Christian an surname of this celebrated man together contain sixteen letters:-
1, 6, 9, 12, 2, 4, make the name of a Swiss poet born at Zurich, who was also a painter of landscapes. 7, 8, 14, 14, 9, a celebrated divine, whose fife was devoted to usefulness. 10, 8, 9, 14, 11, 12, 5, 9, an English watering- place, near which a celebrated battle was fought.
9, 7, 8, 12, 9, 2, 8, the most important porti Wales. 9, 6, 11, 12, 2, a river, on which is seated , large and handsome European city. 14, 8, 9, 9, 3, an Italian poet, born at Sorrento His chief work is an epic poem.
67.-TRANSPOSITION. BUAJ.-A King of Mauritania greatly beloved by his subjects, who, in gratitude, erec a statue to his memory. He married Cleopatra, daughter of the famous Egyptian queen. ILLUSTRATED PROVERBS.
68. r-
l'9. lit)
70.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A bravo English general of our own day, who died in India during the rebellion there. OI his death-bed he said, spealing to the friends who surrounded him, " For forty.years I hasp so ruled my life that when death comes I meet it face to face without fear." The finals of al the following, excepting thq third (from which take the initial) give the name:-
1. A prime minister of Austria, generally re- garded as the first statesman in Europe. A very short time before the national convulsionq of 1848 he expressed himself as follows:- " Apris moi le deluge." 2. A beautiful Saxon maiden, who is regarded by the British historians as the chief cause of the easy conquest of their country by the Saxons. It is said she was introduced to the British king, and, presenting him with a cup of wine, ex- elaimed, "Be of health, lord dng ;" to which the king replied, " Drine heal," or, "I drink your health." Her beauty made such an impression on the heart of the monarch that, in order to marry her, he settled the fertile province of Kent upon her father, and thus the Saxons, having once obtained a footing in the country, could never afterwards be removed.
3. A French town in which is a beautiful palace (now used as a museum) built by Louis XIV. 4. A gallant young English officer, who was mortally wounded at the siege of a city. Just as he was expiring he was told of the flight of the enemy; raising his head, he exclaimed, " Then I die contented," and instantly expired, 5. The capital of Afghanistan. 6. A prince of the Pelew Islands, who visited England, where he died of the small-pox. 7. A town of Canada, strongly fortified both by nature and art. It has been called "The British Gibraltar." 8. A large American city. It is the secon commercial city in the world, and is situated 0i an island.
MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 1. The number of different ways in which letters of the word "Reverend," taken all ether, can he arranged, represents in shillings e gross income of a certain living, out of *ch, however, one-third has to be paid for es, taxes, and repairs of chancel, &c. What he net income ? 72. From October 7th, 1850, to December th, 1862, includes a certain number of weeks, which Frank lived ?6 at Cambridge, 1o5o at dford, ' at Brighton, 5 times as long at rdwich, Tr at Exford, and of the remainder, home, 159 weeks at Islington, and g at rgate. How long did he live at each place ? d, reckoning the average cost of his board d lodging at 30s. a-week, how much did he y on that score when away from home ? 73. Joe's surface is equal to 5 square feet, of ich, when he is floating in the sea (1 cubic ot of the water of which weighs 631bs.), .4 under water at an average depth of 1 foot. at water pressure does he sustain ? 74. What is L.'s weight, if a piece of cork 3 cubic feet in size, and specific gravity "24 ating in distilled water, will just keep him ear of the water, the upper surface of the rk on which he rests being exactly even with e water's surface ? 75. Each man in a party of 9 rowing away em a wreck takes his turn at the oars, each u lasting 24 minutes, and 3 men rowing ether. How many times would each man se rowed when the party reached land after ing out 18 hours ? and if the separate turn of bour of each man added a of a mile to their ogress, how far had they rowed in that time? 76. M. took two young friends, his visitors, ra walk from Rose Cottage, Frensham, rough Cherte, over Hind Head, to "The evil's Punch Bowl," a picturesque vale en- eled by a steep range of hills in South-west rrey, returning by way of Thursley and ensham Great Pond, stopping about 3 hours the way to photograph Frensham and herte churches, and to rest, whereby his ave- go speed throughout was only 11 mile per Ir, although he actually walked at the rate 31 miles. What was the entire distance alled? And if from Frensham to Cherte arch took v% of the entire time without pping, what is the distance between the o churches ? 77. A., fishing once in the Stour, near Rich- rough Castle, hooked an eel, which, in ggling to get away, pulled at the line with a rce equal to 8 oz. in a horizontal direction, at a depth such that the line formed an
angle of 60 deg. with the water's surface. What force had our hero to exert on the line in order to retain his prey? ANSWERs TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 458, 459, and 460.) 40. Teviot-Vienne-Canada. VIENNA. 41. Cologne - Tarn - Djebel es Sheik- Christiana. CORNELIA. 42. Hoang-ti. 43. Dionysius-Antiochus, King of Syria-- Menelaus, husband of Helen-Orodes-Cam- byses - Lydia - Eboracum - Stirling. DA- MOCLES. 44. A kiss. 45. Let x = distance E., to N. iM. x+2= ,, N. M. to B. y = rate from E. to N. M. . = hours from E. to N. M. x+2 N. M. to B. x+2 x Butt = - +1.... (a) Also + x (y-)= x+x-+2-1 orx- +x-+-2=2x+1 ..x=Sy. And substituting this value of x in (a), 311+2 3y V =- = + 1=4 .. y= 3ยง miles =first rate. Also, x = 3 p = 10 miles, distance from E. to N. M., and 10 + 2 = 12 miles, N. M. to B. x x+2 Also, + 7 hours on road. . . I reached B. at 6 r.xi. 46. Let x = distance B. to I. x+2= ,, I.toL. 2 = coach rate. Then = hours by coach, j - = hours by boat, x+2 x = boat rate. x x 2 \J by Question X4-2 x 35 and y- 2 + 6 ... from 2nd equation, y = 6. And substituting this value in 1st, x = 12, miles from B. to ., x + 2 = 14, ,, I. to L.; and the rates of coach and boat are 6 and 8 miles per hour. 47. Walk from L. to R. took 1 hour, equal to rest of 1 hour. . . I walked one-seventh of entire day's walk in 1 hour, and should have walked the entire distance in 7 hours had I not rested; but resting 31, = 10. hours spent on the road altogether; and as average rate was 2 miles, entire walk = 21 miles. But L. to R. and back = + = 3 miles; .". L. to R. = 15 miles, and L. to E. = 21 - 3 = 18 miles. F. J. L 48. Pythias. 50. Yellow-hammeu. 49. Pine-apple. 51. Rocking-chair.
78.-CHARADE.
By kings and princes I am owned, Though not by queens and earls; Boys, men, and women do me hate, But I am found in girls. Although I'm not in houses seen, Yet still I am in bricks; Mules, horses, donkeys, without me, Could not give any kicks.
In blackness I am never seen, But I am found in ink; Although Tin' not in water found, Yet still Tam in drink. Although in thoughts I ne'er am found, Yet still I am in thinking; Although in no part of the face, Still I am found in winling.
79.-ILLUSTRnATED PROVERB. 80.-CHARADE.
My lord the king is ill on his bed, And racked and torn with pain is he; From the sole of his foot to the top of his head, His arms and his legs feel as heavy as lead, And he mutters, "I wish I was better or dead, I wish to be blistered, I want to be bled, Ho I send for my Medicos both," he said, " Or I dead as a herring shall be." As the spider crouching in his gloomy lair, In some dark corner patiently does lie ; Remorseless, bloody, never known to spare, He waits the coming of the victim fly. His web is shaken; with how small delay, One moment waits, then pounces on his prey ! As when an eagle, poised with noiseless wing, Beholds his quarry on the plain below, Some gentle fawn, whose restless, anxious air, Proclaims he's wandered from the parent doe- Poor fawn! thy fate is sealed, thy foe swoops through the sky- Vain is that bounding leap, ah! vain that piteous cry. With eager haste depicted on his face Each doctor makes some direful preparation; A king, not being an ordinary "case," Requires no ordinary application. Each sallied out, then soon began the race; The "quick step" shortly changed into a run, Who to be first each went his fastest pace, But both arrived at once, so neither won. Pity the sorrows of a poor sick man, Whose ills have brought two doctors to his door (When fell Disease appears with aspect wan, One doctor's bad enough, but two's an awful bore).
With such an air that made the boldest quake. They fell upon the king with tooth and nail; Soon was he blistered, bled, then had to take Unnumbered nostrums never known to fail. Yet, strange to say, the king no better grew; The doctors, nonplussed, knew not what to do. Whether to advance or retreat. His highness was getting as thin as a post; He solemnly thought he would give up the ghost Because he had nothing to eat. There never was a crisis, so at least 'tis said In every book of hist'ry I have read, When no one could tell what to do, But a leader would rise to protect them frog harm- For instance, "the pilot who weathered th storm"- So in this case the adage held true. His liege's cook, a grave and learned man (That is to say, in culinary lore, Deep in the mysteries of dish and pan), At this same time a thoughtful aspect wore. Deep sunk in his reflections, deeper in his chest Upon his master's plight he pondered o'er; He brought his whole colossal mind to bear Upon the knotty point, the king to cure. A smile, at length, o'er his face there stole; He chuckled, and, rubbing his hands with gIs " I have it I I'll make him a dish 1" said he; " Pooh,pooh ! the doctors I pooh ! fiddle-de-d They're not, both together, half as clever as me For though they've worked hard, yet I'll eCS their fee, For I'll warrant nyU physic my first shall be, If my second is done by my cwhole."