PUZZLE PAGES.
ý5 rt'. @1 r' j I! C 6 -PUZLE 6 -Z' 63.-- UZI ,.
W IIAT can a plain woman do To win a heart and wear it, No brilliant qualities, no cash, Inviting one to share it ? Why, she in all her ways can be The first of my enigma, And win and wear an honest heart, Without the risk of stigma. What is it that we all were once, But living cease to be- The rich, the poor, the good, the bad, Including you and me? The sum's soon told, the answer straight, 'Tis my enigma's second; Perhaps ours now, perhaps ours once, But swift away was beckoned.
What did the old magicians work? What occult powers use? What were their simple scholars taught? What strange unearthly views? What did they do? what leave undone ? What things have we not heard, About the wonders they could work By use of what's my third? And as I look upon the print, And see this ancient pair, I think of one, and two, and three, And what is absent there, But what, it may be, once was there, And maybe, tarried long, And, so my whole is just three words From an old Irish song. 64.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A word which speaks of grief and tears, And fills the heart with fear; The saddest sound that mortal ears Are ever doomed to hear. A word which o'er all joy below Throws the sad shade of care; A word we whisper soft and low, And breathe it with a prayer. 1. Through the dim cloister where the shadows sleep, Buried in meditation grave and deep, Slowly he moves, his mind on learning bent, On solving some deep problem fixed intent. 2. Oh! noble matron, o'er thy tragic woes What magic grace the pen of Homer throws! With thee still do we mourn, still do we weep, O'er your grand warrior in his last long sleep. 3. Home of the pastoral poet, whose gentle muse Thought naught too low, too common to refuse; He poured forth noblest strains on simple flowers: On trees, on brooks, on woods, and garden bowers.
4. High up the mountain's green and mossy sward There stands the chosen warrior of the Lord; Below a listening people humbly stand; Two noble mountains rise on either hand; And through the air, so soft, and clear, and still, God's holy word resounds from hill to hill. 65.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " Along thy wild and willowed shore, Where'er thou wind'st by dale or hill, All, all is peaceful, all is still." "Meek loveliness is round thee spread, A stillness calm and holy; The grace of forest charms decayed, And pastoral melancholy." 1. "The ten years' siege." 2. "That handkerchief thou speak'st of I found by fortune, and did give my husband." 3. " Good Master Primrose." 4. "Dark as winter was the flow." 5. " The last alternative befits me best, And thus I answered for my absent guest." 6. "And when the morrow came I answered still." 66.-PUZZLE. 'Twas in the merry summer time, The sun shone bright on road and river, And birds on leafy spray sang out A song of praise to the Great Giver, When down a dusty lane there came A van well filled with pleasure-takers- A van bran-new, with curtains striped, And horses panting for green acres. A pleasant sight it was to see; Those who would grudge the treat, I hate 'em, And would denounce that showy van A vanitas and vanitatum. 'Twas in the ages we call dark, A gasless age with no newspapers, When only clerks knew l:ow to write, And kings and barons cut strange capers,
I saw within a darksome cell A prisoner writhing on the rack, And when his spirit would take flight, A leech was there to call its back; Some priestly judges looking on, Their idle hand' within their pockets, As the poor body was stretched out, And bones were torn from out their socl.ets.
1 I ' ti re ýl I I I I I ý ;ýý I" ýýý ý_hh X53. -'c Acn R .
Now in the picture here above, Something that answers to, my worthy brother, Whenever it is quickened into life, Of the descriptions given, one or t'other. What is my first ? What is my last ? Answer me both: your task is past. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES, &c. (Pages 501, 502, 503, 504.) 55.-Two travellers: 56.-HIoGARTu-PAINTER. 1. Harp. 2. Olla podrida. 3. Gehazi. 4. Alan. 5. Rest. 6. Time. 7. Homer. 57.-SOUL--BODY. .1. Sub. 2. Othello. 3. UnderbrecO. 4. Luey. 58.-The old house. at home. 59.-CHAIR-TABLE. 1. Cat. 2. Hecuba. 3. A.B. 4. Israel. 5. Rhine.