PUZZLE PAGES. 322.-CHARADE.
ý- Y LD BLUEJACKET now lives at home at his ease ; He has passed half his lifetime in scouring the seas, And a course of adventure and peril has passed, But he feels that old age now is creeping on fast. So to Margate he hies; for where'er he may be, He thinks he must dwell near his old friend the sea, Whose changeable face he has studied so long, That without it he knows he should be in the wrong. So he builds a snug house-a neat garden around, Which is graced by my whole in its loftiest ground. Each morn to his window Old Bluejacket goes To observe on my first, and see how the wind blows; For my next loudly warns him the night-watch is done, And he sees in the east the first rays of the sun. -" There's no fowl of the air with my next can compare For piping up bands 1" the old salt doth declare. Then he sallies out, eager my first to descry By studying the clouds and the look of the sky; SWhen, behold I in amazement he sees that my whole Is pointing due north, as if bound for the Pole, While the trees, and the wind on his withered old cheek, Would shout out, " The wind's in the east !" could they speak. So he holds out his kerchief (a piebald old rag, That once on a time represented a flag) ; It indicates clearly that breeze from the east That's alike detrimental to man and to beast. "Bless my heart 1" says Old B., "why, my whole must be wrong, Which is more than I've known it the last winter long !" Then by tedious proceeding he swarms up the mast, To discover with ire that my whole is fixed fast ! Some mischievous urchin last night climbed the pole, And, to tease Old Bluejacket, thus fettered my whole!/
323.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A foreign coin whose value's not extreme; A fish that haunts the pebbly inland stream; And next the Birman empire's capital; The time of day when rays meridian fall; A rocky point whereon the chamois bound; The smallest share in the Old World that's found. Myfirst, a first-rate power in Europe's scroll, Would gladly head the list, and rule the whole; Her fickle people veer with every blast, And dwell content with plenty of my last. 324.-TRANSPOSITION. EESSTCILHN.-One of the chief magis- trates of Athens, who introduced that singular law into Athens called the SSAIOMTCR.
CONUNDEUMS. 325. Why is a Damascus blade like ag natured man ? 326. Why is the letter L lilte a priceless I 327.-ENIGMIA. A large savage beast, 'tis dangerous to mee A vowel comes next, 'tis found in the street A fresh-water fish, though oft seen in the s A very nice bov'rage, most people agree; A swift-flowing river, in America found; A strange kind of bird, that makes an sound. Now take down the initials, and write do same, And quickly you'll see a famed pabli name.
328.--CHARADE. ittle Ella is pretty, and airy, and gay, A sweet little maiden is she; h is fond of a fete, or a ball, or a play, Or aught that is lively and free. hes a neat little foot in the neatest of boots, a my first is so fair, she has nothing that suits It so well, as all people agree, my second, that lies with its delicate fold, en, attired in her war-paint, lilke warrior of old, Ella goes out to dinner or tea. oeet Ella ! you waltz, and you play, and you sing, And break people's hearts by the score; at Nemesis yet will your punishment bring, then the day of your triumph is o'er. yfirst you will bow to your captor, who'll throw, a symbol, my glittering whole o'er its snow, You'll flirt, waltz, and flutter no more ! oil of my second your blushes will hide, en robed, wreathed, and hailed as a pretty young bride, You step to your carriage and four. 329.-ENIGlA. I am the offspring of the union between the o great powers of silica and alkali, and from m conjointly I derive a most ingenuous and did nature; one of my characteristics being SI cannot keep a secret. The Phoenicians re acquainted with me, and for a long time Old not suffer me to leave them. I was par- arly attached, during this early period of existence, to the shore of the river Belus, a ilean stream that runs from the foot of unt Carmel. The early Crusaders became uainted with me during their travels, and nsplanted me in some cases to their native atries. The Romans were also early friends mine; indeed, I may say without vanity that rved them very well and faithfully, so that relics may even now be seen among the ex- ations at Herculaneum and Pompeii. At xandria I acquired some portions of my 'ens charms, being imbued with some of the atiful hues which have since adorned me. ecity which is enthroned upon many islands e next which claims me as a resident, for in Venice I was welcomed heartily, and in- ced in all the delicate arts that were pos- e. Then did the French become jealous, Inas obliged to go over and live with them, they esteemed me so much that they even 'ed laws in my behalf. Of late years Great
Britain has invited me so cordially and treated me so well that I feel, however gracefully super- ficial and complimentary the praise of other nations may be, to her belongs the merit of solid value. I am not a stranger to her shores, for I first became acquainted with them in 1557, at a place in London called Crutched Friars, and the Duke of Buckingham was one of my insular admirers. The present dayis almost the climax of my triumph, for one of the greatest achieve- ments of the age in science and art owed its greatest success to my aid. I am fond of drink- ing, and am not a member of the Temperance Society, although water, milk, spirits, wine, beer, or, in fact, any potable thing, is equally immaterial to me. Indeed, poisons and cor- rosive or burning liquids take no effect on my constitution. I conduce to electricity, but am not a conductor. But my greatest pride is that I throw light in dark places, and am one of the illuminators of the world. I must be sensible, too, judging from my numerous reflections. As far as my practical uses are concerned, I need only say I furnish pavement, roofing, panels, pictures, vessels, buttons, shades, lamps, and a host of utilities too numerous to mention. In one of my many-coloured forms I have long been a coveted article of barter with savage tribes. Miy colours equal those of the rainbow, whose earthly representative I am; and my shape, weight, and size are various. I can form a fountain, or spin a hair finer than your own, and supply you with renewed eyesight, while I decorate your wife's neck and arms with jewels. Take a little trouble, and you will discover me at last, as the emissaries of a fairy prince found the lady he required by an article of my manufacture. ANswERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 90, 91, and 92.) 284. Eye-glass. 285. 1. Steele. 2. Butler. 3. Temple. 4. Hunt. 5. Spencer. 6. Gray. 7. Lamb. 8. Boyle. 9. Bacon. 10. Swift. 11. Shelley. 12. Pope. 286. Star-fish. 287. LilY-EvadE-ArenA--ParR. LEAP- YEAR. 288. Death-watch. 289. 1. Alps. 2. Romulus. 3. Cannuc. 4. Alexander of Macedon. 5. Dolgelly. 6. In- verness. 7. Alfred the Great. ARCADLn. 290. Because he takes in the natives. 291. Tierce (tears). 292. Because it is in-de-chorus (indecorous). 293. Henry ate a street (Henrietta-street). 294. LeaH-Oll1A-ValeT-EvE. LovE- HATE. 295. Because he wants to get rid of his bul'k. 296. Note.
380.--A PUZZLE FROM THE PYRAMIDS. Of what place of public entertainment does this remind you? 331.-CHARADE.
Over my second my whole flies fast, Borne on the wings of the wind; And wherever it lights, as next year will show, It will leave my whole behind. My second is soft as an infant's hand, And light as an infant's sigh;
But my first is rough, and punishes all Who carelessly pass him by. My first in Scotia's traditions is kept; My second's an Irish shire; While my whole is the gift of the mischie That no farmer will admire.
332.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. Why is this like a famous place for bankers? NO TIgUOHt5Ao E _ 3MAIN I A 333.--ENIGMA.
In fancy fly to Yankee-land, And there a State you'll see, Which seems to show what's passing in That land of liberty.
For just divide me, and methinks The parting is for ever; For while my first cries out, " Come My second says, " I sever "