13. PUZZLE. Now here's a puzzle for you all, Big and little, great and small ; My middle two are both the same, Also my first and last ; The former are a Christian name, Of sex" the better half." The middle two, when placed aright, A double cross brings to your eight; The other two read round alike, On ev'ry side the same. To a square 'tis much alike, Now don't you think it " tame ? Michael Robinson. 14. CHARADE. My Ärst ie " to puzzle,"—it may puzzle you. My second may certainly " second so. Of Congo,—(both with, and without the Cacou ) My vßwle is a native,—or reckoned so. PICTORIAL REBUS. fi fi «Uo 15. BURIED FISH. I went routing the woods. I saw ten children ask a temporary shelter from the elements. " O, let us hide," they said, " or you are unkind." Why disturb othere ?" I asked. They whisper, " Choice have we none else we would not.' 16. ENIGMA. Oh, sad was my heart when my Clara one day, Came to me with the news she was going away, Por a year, wbat an age, for papa was intent On a tour to the South, or some euch foolish bent ; So adieux must be spoken, and vows interchanged, Love tokens aud keepsakes between us exchanged. How my second I coveted then to possess— A bright, golden treasure, to hoard and caress ; But though to my lips rose the tender request, I was so much my first that my prayer was suppressed. And now she is gone, how I languish and weep, My days passed in pining—my nights without sleep ; And daily I lose quito as much, "pon my soul, As from the poor merchant demanded my wliole. Formosa. 17. CHARADE. My first may be found, if you look for it there, On the tops of the mountains, though never so bare. Or there it by mo haa beeu seen— For in autumn I've gathered it's second, I know, In clusters, and thought them most beautiful, too, Tho' but one is tfie answer I mean. And yet what so simple. A trae and its fruit To be answered by name, if you can ; when to boot, I tell you in part, as it were, Of taste unsurpassed, and rare beauty as well, A theme of the poet—its laat, if you'd tell— And causo of life's sorrow and care. C. B. GlLBEHT. PICTORIAL REBUS. G W c f — s m t t g s y s IS. ANAGRAMS ON MALE CHRISTIAN NAMES. 1. Coins rule. 2. Can his rit. 3. Rei S stylo. 4. Crave lip. 5. A gun suite. 6. Sam's ruo. 7. Loua's ham. 8. Hild a crab. 9. Near long. 10. Stir tram. 11. Nat sei hat. 12. Eel thred. 19. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. In finals and primals, read downward, you'll view, The names of two wines well known unto you. 100 and hours ; 50 as he ; 100 and era ; 4 and err ; 100 or a 10 ; say 500 hurt. J. Lea. Answers to the above will appear in No. 7. Contributions requested. Prize volumes will be given occasionally. A volume will be presented to the sender of the best sot of solutions to the above.