PUZZLE PAGrES
1.-PUZZLE. A REGULAR PUZZLER. INTO a candy shop a youth there came, And lawful business was perchance his aim; But over virtue appetite was stronger.. j' A .good time coming-wait a little longer." He seized a candy to him much endeared, Showed a clean pair of heels, and disappeared. And now why was he- Like to the man who caught a fish, With rod and line, and on a dish Did give it to his wife? Like to the man without a groat Who made incision in his throat With a sharp-bladed knife? Like to the pious man who made Religious leaflets, which, .'twas said, Did stir up ugly strife?
Like to the mizzling rain that fell When I bade Mary Anne farewell, .And said a last good-bye? Like to the troopers bold, who, when They found their foes too strong, why then They showed a little shy? Like to the steaming pot that sends Its vapour up, and thereby tends The moral, we must die? Like to the vulgar boy whose food Would never do him any good; Fit inmate of a sty ? The boy who stole, the candy, sly, Was like all these-now tell me why? 2.-CHARADE. I went to my whole and I told my tale; Alas! my sorrow did not avail; But my whole had said to my first he'd come, Accordingly he to my home came home. We told him my second on Christmas night Comes forth and keeps us in dreadful fright. My whole lay in wait for a week or twain, And lived at my first, but never again Did my second appear; he my dwelling forsook, And so did my whole, who went off with the cook. 3.-CHARADE. Sitting beside a sparkling brook, From its case my tackle and rod I took, When suddenly over the stream I spy My whole go shimmering quietly by. " Ah! ha !" I cried, " there's my second and whole Disporting itself o'er my fav'rite pool!" So throwing my net with a gentle cast, I caught my whole in the meshes fast. Tenderly then I my capture nursed To the inn which bears the sign of my first. My second I called from its lazy nook, And quickly homeward my whole I took.
Soon as I had dismounted there, I placed my whole in its glassy lair, And then once more on my pleasure bent, Back to my first in my second I went. 4.--PUZZLE. Express in four words what is suggested by this picture. 5.-CHARADE. My second (a vowel) went up to the station At Camden, and asked for my first. Although he came in with a full expectation Of good ones, he got but the worst. He took one at last, it was only my third, That he found when he wanted it quite, And when he declared the whole thing was absurd, The manager wanted to fight, And declared that he "over my second would roll," Which proved very quickly that he was my whole.