«
S2. CHARADE. First in black, but not iu white ; Second in morning, but not m night ; Third in boy, but not in girl ; Fourth iu sapphire, not in pearl j Fifth in dish, but not in plate ; Sixth in love, also in hate ; Seventh in cream, but not in milk ; Eiyhth in satin, not in silk ; Jfinlb in blue, but not iu green ; Last in shade, but not in screen. All my letters place aright, A favourite work will come to sight. 93. RIDDLE. A. J. 0. Of а verso make selection, the task to begin, Its size unimportant will be ; Number one in the centre, place carefully iu, Then au artist iu total you'll see. W. MOUNTFObD. PICTOBIAL REBUS. 94. SQUARE WORDS. 1. A firm substance in the body ; the shape of nn e;rg ; used by (α-peuters; measures. 2. Finished: a place to bake in ; iu want ; extremities. 3. A flow« ι ; tho shape of an egg ; a boy's Christian nan.e ; measures. Crocodile. 95. NUMERICAL PUZZLE I am a word of 9 letters. My 3, G, 8,1, is a bird ; my 2, 3, 8, is an animal ; my 6, 5, 7, ?, is a garden imple¬ ment ; my 7, 8,1, is an English river : my 0, 5, 4, is an animal ; my 3, 2, 5, 0, is an English river. Whole I am a racing town. Ernest George Lövell. £6. HIDDEN RIVERS. 1. Have yon read the history of Rome ? 2. Yes ; 1 read it with Amy, yesterday. 3. Are you poin;3' to the barn, Oswald Ρ 4. No. I am going. to get some milk for the cat. 5. Do you think that Ayr is a nice towu Ί Δ. H. Scales. GEOGRAPHICAL REBUS. R'TYNB > 97. CHARADE. In fishing-punts you'll find my first, Also I hold what quenches thirst ; You'll find, if you transpose my second, A spirituous liquor I am reckoned ; My third's the acme in fashion's role, A famous general is my whole. 98. ACROSTICAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. В egin with α consonant, if you pleaso, O f ten this animal purloins our cheese, Y ou will find, here а bird oft by a river side, S eeking its prey in its flowing tide ; H ere a English town is seen, E njoyment I think this word does mean, R ivers and lakes are oft covered over with this, A nd this you will find is one fourth of a kiss. L ook and you'll find that my centi als read across and down, D о name an English country town. J. Eastwood. Answers to the above will appear iu No. 19.