PUZZLES. A HIDDEN GARLAND. I.
Three little sisters passing fair, Lettice with eyes of blue, Bella with rippling golden hair, But Lulu's of darker hue. II. Three little sisters blithe and gay, Ready each joy to share, Bella has begged for a holiday, And Lettice with tender care III. Has helped the mother so dear and kind, Who toils 'mid the city's heat, And who grieved when she saw how Lulu pined For the country fresh and sweet. IV. So they leave the town for the meadows fair, O see ! at the garden gate, Dear Granny stands with a welcome there, And asks what has made them late ? And the golden butter and home-made bread, With cream from the shining pans Yellow with richness, she joyful spreads; Then the children fold their hands, VI. To ask a blessing upon the food, And " Loo " is on Grandfather's knee, The dear old man so kind and good. Ah ! liable is he VII. To spoil Miss " Loo," whose rosy face It cheers his heart to view, For he loves to watch her winsome grace, That honest yeoman true.
VIII. Then as they speed to the hay-field sweet, Peal upon peal resounds Of childish laughter, while nimble feet Clear the low-barred gate at a bound. IX. But "Aunty" looks a little prim: "Rosetta, my dear, take care; They will certainly forfeit life or limb. Your Bella is like a hare." X. On the hay-cart high stands burly Ned, "Aisy, my chicks !" he cries, As he tosses the.'hay o'er each shining head And laughs at their surprise. And so the day wears on apace, But ere the children leave, They gather flowers from the well-loved place, And a fragrant garland weave. And in each verse of this simple rhyme, 'Their flowerets lie concealed. Will some little reader another time Proclaim them when revealed ? W. OTTAWA. ENIGMA. Truly my whole foreshadows war, Though sometimes in the distance far. Without it soldiers in the field, Though brave of heart, with courage steeled, Must yet to conquering armies yield. Take off my head, which is a stream, And, howsoever strange it seem, A stream is left, which purls along With ripple soft and witching song. Behead again, and, lo! you see What bodes no good to bond or free; Vague, undefined, it may appear, Yet sorrow with its train is near. J. N. H. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES IN JUNE NUMBER.
HIDDEN JEWELS. i. Topaz. 5. Garnet. 2. Pearl. .6. Carbuncle. 3. Ruby. 7. Opal. 4. Diamond. 8. Onyx. 9. Amethyst.
BIBLE ENIGMA. Daniel, Iv., o10-37. Nebuchadnezzar. Beagle. glee. Eagle. eel. Bee. bag. gale. ale. glebe.