PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
HAVE to apologize to my pilgrims for giving them such scanty tidings from our Puzzledom Kingdom this last month, but I have nursed all my household, including Matthew Walker and Double Daisy, through a sharp attack of influenza, and when I got .them on the " mending road," as many "maters " do, I gave in myself, and enjoyed all the sufferings I had hitherto been only superintending. The weather in France has been exceptionally bad this year, as, indeed, from all I hear, it has been in England, and the variations from heat to cold have rendered the "grippe" very disagreeable. So, if my young friends find a savour of pills and draughts pervading the Puzzles, and a general halo of broth and gruel hanging like a wet blanket over Puzzledom, they will, I am sure, understand that it is only the fashionable complaint and its results; and that, now the sun has deigned to shine again, we shall all wake up like the butterflies from their winter repose. I will now give you a proverb in rhyme :- (I.) PROVERB IN RHYME. A chronicler from times of old, The rolling years above me pass ; Throned on a stone, my dial cold Gathers the lichens, weeds, or grass : No sign shows on my placid face Where moss obscures long centuries' trace ! I hope my pilgrims are now either enjoying, or hoping soon to enjoy, their long vacation. Such pleasant messages, written like the Eastern love-letters in flowers and leaves, come to me, that I think they all share that delightful sense of enjoyment that begins earliest, and is most enjoyed in youth. The clear streams, with their hosts of silvery fish, only waiting to be caught-the delightful glades, hedges, meadows, and woods, with their varied treasures of bird, insect, and flower, all ready to be enjoyed and owned ! Why, talk of the days of Fairyland ! I think our young folks have them now as much as ever. Does not the ardent prince, who follows a beautiful sound over hill and dale, and who expends quite as much courage and trouble on the pursuit, find his Sleeping Beauty at last, in the coy bird or rare insect he has traced to its hidden retreat ? Has not wise old Dame Nature allowed many a boy and girl now to perch the spectacles of " Fine- sight " on their plump noses, so that they can peep and pry in- telligently, into all her hidden mysteries, that in former days she only allowed to professors and learned men ? There are more wonders yet to be explored and found out, and I hope my pil- grims will use their eyes and ears, for I am going to give them this as a subject for their next essay, and so we will call them "Our Fairy Tales." And we will then see how far the fairy "Observation," a very powerful fairy, has gifted you all. The next Puzzle I am going to set before you is a pictorial one, and I think most of you will easily guess it-for the pretty thing is quite a child's flower-friend.
(K.) PICTORAL CHARADE. -- THE W WOLE Now the next Puzzle I am going to give you will, I dare say, be called hard by many of my pilgrims, but I don't think it will be a compliment to any of you to give you such easy things that any one can find them out. Do you all remember how your dear leader once described to you how he read a French story, which he fancied was interesting, by looking out almost every word in the French dictionary ? At that time he was a boy at school, and had no more spare time than you have: so fancy what a patient work it was. And I think that young people nowadays (and older people too) are much too impatient; they want to learn everything in a hurry, and find out everything. at once. But you may depend upon it, that "slow and sure" holds good now more than ever. And so, if you have to search and inquire a good deal for the names of the shells in the necklace, it will not be time wasted, for it will give you a glimpse of the wonderfully beautiful and perfect little homes which the great Creator has planned for His little creatures of the sea, as well as those for the " tenants of air " and the inhabi- tants of earth. (L.) A NECKLACE OF SHELLS. I'm in love with Arethusa, Saucy damsel of the sea, So one dull day, to amuse her, Shells I brought her eagerly. But that naughty little maiden Made such fun of all I brought; That I blushed, though overladen, Much more deeply than I ought ! " Here's," said she, "a shape of wicker ! (I) Such as gipsy women sell; Here's an organ, thin or thicker, (2) Learning dull, or learning well ! " Here's a crown, although it's triple, (3) And its influence did last, Yet the growing ages' ripple Will obliterate the past ! " This, the minstrel's arm of power, (4) Served him well where'er he went, Castle, hall, or ladies' bower, Town or hamlet, ship or tent! " Blade of power, set, and keenest, (5) Years ago thy reign was great, Now King Moustache reigns,-thou meanest A discrowned potentate!
" Bishop's headgear, tall and stately, (6) This, like crowns, is laid aside, And our great men walk sedately, All unknown and unespied! " This, the shape of mighty mountain, (7) Whose convulsive heaves and throes Pour a living, fiery fountain From this summit as it goes ! " This, the earnest student lighting (8) When the shades of even fall ;- This, the covering warm, inviting, (9) Of each English room or hall ! " And this through my glistening tresses (to) Pass I, midst the foaming sea, For each thorny tooth caresses These long locks so dear to me. " This, when hungry, cold, and weary (I1) Home we go at dlose of day, Set upon the table cheery, This beside our soup we lay. " This so frail, so bright, so airy (12) Soaring on the lightest breeze, Seems the work of elf or fairy And as silently it flees ! " Thus said saucy Arethusa, As she tossed my treasures o'er; (When her favoured lover woos her May he bring a richer store !) I suppose most of you have at some time or other seen the British Museum. When I was there last, I thought that even young folks brought up in London, and not able to get many enjoyable country days, might at least spend a few pleasant days there, in the rooms containing the wonderful collections of shells, butter- flies, and nests of all kinds, Because, when we cannot sometimes have all we wish for, we must make the best of what we have-a secret well worth learning, especially in the "days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them !" For while the young blood courses merrily in the veins, and the young heart beats so lightly, it is so easy to learn, and so easy to remember what we learn. So turn your tender young branches to all the light you can get, my pilgrims, and grow up, up, like the fresh green shoots you ought to be. And so now, for a last puzzle, I am going to set you a new part of speech this month in the form of some comical conjunctions. I think you ought to find them very easy, as their range is but limited. (M.) COMICAL CONJUNCTIONS. ri