PUZZLE PAGES,.. 66.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA.
A NATIVE of the New World, a benevolent, just, prudent, and sagacious man; he headed t army of his country during a celebrated contest, and by his military talents turned the sc in her favour. He retired early from public business, satisfied with having promoted his count happiness, and quite uninfluenced by any selfish or ambitious motives. The Christian surname of this celebrated man together contain sixteen letters :-
1, 6, 9, 12, 2, 4, make the name of a Swiss poet born at Zurich, who was also a painter of landscapes. 7, 8, 14, 14, 9, a celebrated divine, whose life was devoted to usefulness. 10, 8, 9, 14, 11, 12, 5, 9, an English watering- place, near which a celebrated battle was fought.
67.-TRANSPO SITION. BUAJ.-A King of Mauritania greatly beloved by his subjects, who, in gratitude, erecd a statue to his memory. He married Cleopatra, daughter of the famous Egyptian queen.
ILLUSTRATED PROVERBS. 6S. 69. S-$,
70.-HISTORICAL ENIGMA. A bravo English general of our own day, who died in India during the rebellion there. his death-bed he said, speaking to the friends who surrounded him, " For forty years I L1 so ruled my life that when death comes I meet it face to. face without fear." The finals of the following, excepting the third (from which take the initial) give the name:- 4.
1. A prime minister of Austria, generally re- garded as the first statesman in Europe. A very short time before the national convulsions of 1848 he expressed himself as follows:- "Aprls moi le deluge." 2. A beautiful Saxon maiden, who is regarded by the British historians as the chief cause of the easy conquest of their counatryby the Saxons. It is said she was introduced'to the British uing, and, presenting him with a cup of wine, ex- claimed, "Be of health, lord king;" to which the king replied, "Drine heal," or, " I drink your health." Her beauty made such an impression on th heart of the monarch that, in order to marr er, he settled the fertile province of Kent pon her father, and thus the Saxons, ha ing once obtained a footing in the country, tohld never afterwards be removed.
9, 7, 8, 12, 9, 2, 8, the mostimportantport Wales. 9, 6, 11, 12, 2, a river, on which is seatled large and handsome European city. 14, 8, 9, 9, 3, an Italian poet,born at Sorren His chief work is an epic poem.
3. A French town in which is bau palace (now used as a museum) buil) by Lo XIV. 4. A gallant young English oficer, who a mortally wounded at the siege of a city. J as he was expiring he was told of the oight the enemy; raising his head, he exai " Then I die contented," and instantly exp 5. The capital of Afghanistan. 6. A prince of the Pelew Islands, who visi England, where he died of the small"-loX 7. A town of Canada, dtrongly fortifCl by nature and art. It has been called British Gibraltar." 8. A large American city. It is the o commercial city in the world, and is situated an island.
MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONIS. ' I1. The.numberzof dit~erentiways in which te letters of the'wvbr d""Reverend,' taken all ether, can be arranged, orepesentsin shillings to gross ineo.e of a certain living, out of Which, however, one-third'has to be paid for tes, taxes, nd repairs of chancel, &c. What, the net income:? 72. From October 7th, 1850, to December 15th, 1862, includes a certain number of weekls, of hich Frank lived ufT at Cambridge, Tf, at Bedford, at Brighton, 5 times as long .at, Fordwich, 4 at Exford,and'of the remainder, at home, 159 weeks at 'Islington, and # at flargate. How long didhe live ateach place? an, reckoning the average cost of his board and lodging at 30s. a-week, how much did he pay on that score when away from home ? 73. Joe's surface is equal to'5 square feet, of which, when he is floating .in the sea. (1 cubic foot of the water ofwhbich weighs 631bs.), 4 s under water at an average depth.of 1:foot. What water pressure does he sustain ? 74. What is L.'s weight, if a piece of cork of3cubic feet in size, and specific gravity "24 foating in distilled water, will just keep himd clear of the water, the upper surface of the cork on which he rests being exactly even with the water's surface ? 75. Each man in a party of 9 rowing away from a wreck takes his turn at the oars, each trn lasting 24 minutes, and 3 men rowing together. How many times would each man have rowed when the party reached land after bing out 18 hours ? and if the separate turn of hlabour of each man added 4 of a mile to their progress, how far had they rowed in that time ? 76. BI. took two young friends, his visitors, for a walk from Rose Cottage, Frensham, through Cherte, over Hind Head, to "The Devil's Punch Bowl," a picturesque vale en- ircled by a steep range of hills in South-west Surrey, returning by way of Thursley and Freusham Great Pond, stopping about 3 hours on the way to photograph Frensham and Chrte churches, and to rest, whereby his ave- eage speed throughout was only 1i mile per hour, although he actually walked at the rate of 31 miles. What was the entire distance aSlked? And if from Frensham to Cherte Chrch took ip of the entire time without stopping, what is the distance between the two churches ? 77. A., fishing once in the Stour, near Rich- hbrough Castle, hooked an eel, which, in sesggling to get away, pulled at the line with a force eqal to S oz. in a horizontal direction, lit at a depth such that the line formed an
angle of 60 deg. with the water's surface. What force had~our hero to exert on the line inorder to retaiJhiks:prey?" ANSWnERs To CHARAIDES, &0. (Pages8 48, 1 459, and 4604.) 40. Tevibt-Vienne--Canada. VIENNA. 41. Cologne - Tarn -. Djebel es Sheik- Christiana. CORNELIA. 42. Hoang-ti. 43. Dionysius-Antiochus, King of Syria- Menelaus, husband of Helen-Orodes-Cam- byses - Lydia - Eboracum - Stirling., DA- MROCLES. 44. A kiss. 456. Let x distance E. to N. M. + 2= ,, N.M. to B. y = rate'from E. to N. M. x . = hours from E. to N. 37 x+2 y_ ,, N. M. to B. x+2 x But = 1 .... (a) Also (J+y+ (U(- )) = x+Z+2-1 orsa;- +x+2=2x+1 ..x=3y. And substituting this value of x in (a), 3y+2 3y y_ - y +1 = 4 . ". y= 3= miles = first rate. Also, x = 3 y = 10 miles, distance from E. to N. I., and 10 + 2 = 12 miles, N. I to B. A x +x+-2 Also, - + 3 - 7 hours on road. .. I reached B. at 0 P.. 46. Let x = distance B. to I. x+2= ,, LtoL. y = coach rate. Then - = hours by coach, -- = hours-by boat, x+2 x = boat rate. a xa-i-2 35 and -- 4 + .*. from 2nd equation, y = 6. And substituting this value in 1st, a = 12, miles from B. to I., a + 2 = 14, ,, I. to L.; and the rates of coach and boat are 6 and 8 miles per hour. 47. Walk from L. to R. took 1 hour; equal to rest of 1 hour. . . I walked one-seventh of entire day's walk in 1 hour, and should have walked the entire distance in 7 hours had I not rested; but resting 35, = 105 hours spent on the road altogether; and as average rate was 2 miles, entire walk = 21 miles. But L. to R. and back = 1 = 3 miles; .'. L. to R. = 15 miles, and L. to E. = 21 - 3 = 18 miles. F. J. L. 48. Pythias. 50. Yellow.hammer. 49. Pine-apple. 51. Rocking-chair.
78.-CHARADE I
By hkings aia princes I am own Though not by.queens aid:earls; ' Boys,,men, and women do me hate, But ani found inigitrs. { !lthough I'm not in houses seenD, Yet still' Iamin bricks ;' Mules, horses, donkeys, withoutme, Could not give a"ly licks.
I- :,r I blac~loesg rSin never seen, >BttIari found in ink. AlthiougI'm not i water found, SYet'till Iainx in drink, -. Although inthoughts I neer am found e t'stil lain i thinldng; lthough inno part of the face, Still I am found in wising.
79:-ILLCUSTRED PRiOYEE]. 80.-CIIAIIADE.
My lord tile kii g is ill on his bed, And racked and:torn with pain.is he; From the.sole of his foot to.the top of his head; His arms.aiid his legs feel.asheavy, as. lead, And he-mutters, ". I wish I was better. qr dead, I wish to'be blistered, I want to be bled, Hoe send for my .edicos both," he said, " Or I dead as a heriring shall be." As the spider croichiing in his gloomy lair, In some dark,corner patiently does lie ; Remorseless, bloody, never known to spare, He waits the' coming of the victim fly. His web is shaken; with how small delay, One moment waits, then iounces on his prey I As when.an eagle, poised with noiseless wing, Beholds his quarry on the plain below, Some gentle fawn, whose restless, anxious air, Proclaims he's wandered from the parent doe- Poor fawn I thy fate is sealed, thy foe swoops through the sky- Vain is that 'bounding leap, ah! vain that piteous cry. With eager haste depicted on his face' Each doctor makes some direful preparation; A king, not ,being an.ordinary " case," Requires no ordinary application. Each sallied out, then soon began the race ; The "quick step" shortly changed intoa rni, Who to:be first each went his fastest pace, But boih arrived at once, so neither won. Pity sorrows of a poor sick man, Whose&~ls have brought two doctors to his door (Wor fell Disease appears with aspect wan, . e doctor's bad eet.ough, but .wo's an awfil bore). ' .
With such an air that made the boldest quacl They fell upon the king wit thoo nd nail; Sooni Was he blistered, bled, then had to tako ,Unnumbered nosti'ms never known to fail. Yet, strange to say, the king no better grow; The doctors, nonplussed, knew not what to do Whether to advance or retreat. His highness was getting as thin as a pest; He solemily thbught he would give up the gho Becaiusehe had nothing to eat. There never was a crisis, so at least 'tis said In every book of hist'iy I have read, Whena iioone could tell what to do, But' a leadei would rise to protect them fr harm- For instance, "the pilot who weathered t storm"- So in this case the adage held true. His lioge's cook, a grave and learned man (That is-to say, in culinary lore, Deep in the mysteries of dish and pan), At this same time a thoughtful aspect wore. Deep suink in his reflections, deeper in hischa Upon his master's plight he pondered o'er; He brought his "whole colossal mind to bear 'Upon the knotty point, the king to care. A smile, at length, o'er his face there stole; He chuckled, and, rubbing his hands ith gl " I'have it I I'll make him a dish I" said he;' "Pooh,pooh I the doctors! pooh! fsldle.dc"d They're not, both together, half as clever as For though they've worked hard, yet I'11 e their'fee, For I'll warrant sy.physic my f~'st shall be my second is done by my whole."