%|||ЩЦ ■■ .хЧ-ЧчШ-WitJbMW. _- 59 DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
59. Л handsome city, I now state, And one also of ancient date, 1. Beware, before you trust him, pans?, For he may this, your dearest cause ; 2. My meaning, good musiciaus know, For quick and sprightly, I must go; :?. A trait of character you mny trace, Possessed by all thc human race ; 4. So full of wit, and repartee, Δ clever novelist, we все. Chas. Marsu. 60. CHARADE. My fi i-st an animal will be, For next a way or passage see ; My wliole's a city—say a town, Of educational renown. W. СтАПТШТТ, JCMl PICTORIAL RSBUS. 61. NUMERICAL CHARADE. I am a word of nine letters. My 7, 8, 9, 5 is what I hore you'll never be. A ship is seldom without my 3, 6, 8, 7. A monkey has always got 4,1, 8, 7. My 5, 2, 3, 4 on iron we often see. My 3, 1, 7, 4 wc eat with meat. My 6, 8, 8, 9 is a quarter of the world. JF/iole I am a quarter of the globe. H. С Price. 62. ENIGMA. I dwell in ihe ceulre of every lieart, But in mirth, life, and liberty uever tako part ; Though first in affection, I'm never in love, For I prey with the hawk, am unknown to the elove. In war, and in carnage I'm triply severe, But in scigo, storm, and wreck I may never oppear ; Every babe, man, aud woman acknowledges me, But with girl, boy, and lover I never make free. I am knowu on the mart, and familiar with trado, But to shipping nnd commerce I never give aid ; Earth, sea, air, and wator alike own my sway, Though ne'er sceu by night, I'm the chief power of day. E. Sinclair. 63. CURTAILMENT. If you curtail a precious stone, You still will have a fruit well known ; And, if you now curtail again, Δ vegetable will remain. F. W. BlNSTTAD. PICTORIAL REBUS. Why is the above Good Templar lika au inventor ? 61r. PYRAMID. I eeud you this, Mr. Editor, dear, Amongst your puzzles to make it appear ; In Pat or pet my firat you will find, What all mostly wear thon call to mind. What all wish to bo nex't bring to view, An Ulster county for fourth will do ; Wbat means to change now write for last, Then all tho difficulty will be past. Now thc centrals read in their proper places, Will name what is just before your faces. Tyro. 65. CHARADE. My first may be a piece of strini or twine, Or lot of music men, I may opino ; My next as past or future maybe known, At all events, as plural they are shown j My wliole in hospitals are often seen. For bruises, wounds, and broken bones, I ween. W. G. A'j£WcrE to the abovo will appear in No. C8.