PB`'U"ZZLI E PA GE'S.
'4.-AN ENIGMATICAL VALENTINE FOR ANY BOY'S OWN D ULCINEA. F OR uttering.my first one day a noble lost his head; My second never can be me, but somebody else instead; My third is what we all should have, and.very frankly own to; My fourth a precious living thing that I'm of all best known to; My fifth is but alittle link, a very brief conjunction; My sixth, my fourth repeated-well, I may say with an unction; My seventh is my third again, and is my fourteenth. also; My eighth yourself, my own sweet love, I fondly hope to call so I My ninth to me, my sweetheart, may you never have to utter, And may my tenth ne'er do worse work than spreading: bread and- butter; My eleventh, I think, all. agree a naughty word for boys is, And oft becomes, we know, the cause of home and school-life.noises;. My twelfth it is a "slangy" word that means, I hear, retire.- N.eer spokenifronmynr,.coral..lips to, me, my. heart'?s, esire l My thirteenth indicates a happy phase of close communion Of mine and thinenotmine nor.thine, northine, nor minei,but union.
Myfourteenth is the sweet refrain of numbers seven and three; My fifteenth is a grammar link, as you will plainly see; My sixteenth is a number, and it ends my little rhyme, And what's my whole to ask I hope you will not count a crime- It breathes a gentle sentiment which is altogether mine; Ah, happy me if I could see that it. were also thine ! My heart's devotion is your own, my fairy columbine; Accept the season's compliments, and be my valentine l CONUNDRUMS. 5. " WHn is de last two lines of my song like how you ought for to behave at meeting?" said Pompey to Sambo. 6. Why is a rose like silence? 7. If you were skating in company.with your sweetheart, and she were to fall, what curious transformation would take place ? 8. Let it be granted you are a teetotaller. Why do you break your pledge every time your young lady leans on your arm ? 9. Why should you think a young clergyman without a living would make a good arithmetician? 10. Why is every sufferer from toothache a landed proprietor ? 11, Why does a courteous gentleman put you in mind of the dog in the manger ? 12. If a drunken coachman were trying to drive over a precipice, what heathen deity would the horses name, supposing they were endowed with speech ? 13. Why does every drunken man who is summoned belong to the peerage ? 14. Why can't the highest municipal authority be an equestrian ? 15. Why are poultry always necessarily dirty? 16. What do we know of Adam and Eve that leads us to trace our origin to a fruit-tree? 17. Why is a rifle battalion like apples and nuts? 18. What park is it that has no trees or turf in it? 19. How can you drink a bottle of ginger-beer without breaking the bottle, drawing the cork, or boring it? 20. When is grass in fashion ? 21. What class of people would be the most appropriate and cheapest for housing troops? 22. What sort of ball does our Poet Laureate resemble?
Mn. RICHARD A. ROWE, of Frognal Lodge, Hampstead, offers, as a stimulant for others to do the same, a prize of a handsome volume for the most correct and best written solution of the following Cryptograph. Mn. ROWE adds that all solutions are to be sent to the above address on or before the 20th of February, stating age last birthday. 23.-FUBSWRJTDSK. Rqfh xfsrq d wlph Zkhq elugv dwh olph Dqg prqnhbv fkhzhg Wkhq sljv wrrn vqxii Wr pdnh wkhp wrxjk Dqg wklv lv wkh zkroh ri wkh pdwwhu Vhqg wzr vwdpw. iru Srvwdjh ri sulch.-U. D. Urzh. 24.-ENIGMA. I am of no great size, not six inches across at my widest part, yet I contain a most marvellous collection of articles. One of the most valued of our imports from Africa-for which we have to thank the elephant-grows within my confines; the resinous produce of an Eastern tree I always contain; and I always possess a dainty which figures often at wedding breakfasts. Though so limited in my size, I often bound 4'840 square feet, nay, sometimes double and treble that area. For the better preservation of the various commodities I contain, I am well roofed in, and at the same time perfectly ventilated. My atmosphere is such, that some things stored in met soon melt. I am fitted up with elaborate tearing and crushing machinery, and am enabled to cut, crush, and otherwise convert my warehoused goods when requisite. When I have converted raw material into the required form I have an under ground communication with, another and larger wareroom, to which are transported the goods previous to their final dispersement. By rights my doors should always be closed at night, but this is not always done. To attempt to name the various things I at times contain would be useless, sa great is their variety. The delicate machinery I have mentioned requires thorough attention every morning, as it is liable to get out of order, and soon decays. The influence I have on the world is immense. From my bouh- daries have been issued orders that have changed the destinies of the world. The great Napoleon used me for those stirring addresses to his braves, and there is no doubt that I served Wellington during the Battle of Waterloo. But, alas! I am often degraded and ill-used. But enough what am 1?
25.-AN EIiGMATICAL RESPONSE FROM I)'ULOINEA. I HAVE received your valentine, and on it pass no' stricture, But in. return I send to you this pretty little- picture. Believe -me, II can understand the doubts and fears, that plague you- Now burning hot, now shivering cold, as if you hiad the ague. You see, ,in our little sketch, a scared and trembling Cupid, Who by' a' wondrous ugly mask has been most' sadly duped; My 'own impression is that Love,"is often thus affiighted, Thking' for real what is but jest, until the thing-'gets righted. Boy I just becalise Dulcinea' frowned, or sulked, or 'cried, or pouted, Believe- you she was really cross, or your true faith' hath doubted? And yet' such" whimsies oft akre played in silly lovesick' brain, Brains that could not 'produce, I" fear, of 'common sense, a grain. Aim I quite' sure that, this is'not fYour 'own" uwfise :dondition? Cbme' frankly up and tell us, sir-say, what isyoihr petition? Always make sure of 'what you'mieAn' 'before you' dare-to' ask, A'd never grow dejected' if ~oy womain wears a"mask; Yours it' is to make of' wh'at I've 'written 'in bne` line- To tell you in nine words that I am your own valentine.