PUZZLE PAGES.
1.-PUZZLE. I. II. Iloist it, let it play with the wind, And dare the foe to come To threaten our home, For the foe will always find Us ready, ready, ready, And steady, steady, steady, To the old bit of bunting that plays with the wind.
III. Hot boiled beans and Yorkshire ham, Young green peas and a quarter of lamb, For tough old beef I don't care a-slam, But this, on my word, Makes up my third. As I am a sinner I've nothing for dinner, But lumps of beef and potatoes hard, And this for fighting is my reward; Oh, 'tis hard ! hard ! hard! IV. Fire ! fire ! fire ! burn up the lot, Off go the engines, off like a shot, Jolly ! jolly ! jolly ! isn't it hot ?- Hot to my feet, hot to my poll ? Guessy ! guessy ! guessy !-that's my whole. 2.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Should rinderpest return again, We sha'n't for want of meat complain; In Paris they this kind have tried, And say 'tis good, roast, boiled, or fried. 1. I say this, and so take your man off the board. 2. To put in this window I cannot afford. 3. My garden's untidy, I'll put it in order, 4. The beds with my third, with my fourth turn the border. 5. A powder explosion, mills razed to the ground, Lives were lost, and much damage was done all around. 3.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. When ice and snow are on the ground, These favourite sports do both abound. 1. Was once a ruler of an ancient land. 2. When nearing shore I'm first to touch the strand. 3. In Turkey many names begin with me. 4. And I contain the Jewish history. 5. From Russia's snowy regions I am brought, 6. And everywhere am as a trimming sought.
4.--GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Two capitals of fame, not far apart they stand, This open to the sea, that far away inland. 1. An Irish county this, as all are taught to know. 2. This Scotland's minstrel sang in lines that sweetly flow. 3. Part of our sea-girt isles the tourist should explore. 4. Here Science raised a bridge, ne'er such was seen before. 5. A river in Thibet as short as is its name. 6. A northern county this-you're sure to find its name. 5.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The great ruler of the present day. 1. 'Twas dismal and dark as they neared the strand. 2. A county and town in a neighbouring land. 3. The head of an old-established state. 4. On dress or person much used of late. 5. A play last year, the rage in town. 6. An opera by one of great renown. 7. I was famous for gold many years ago. 8. This a small river in England does flow. G.-GEOGRAPHICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Two countries found within the Eastern sphere, In books and maps they side by side appear. 1. The foremost word of all is here contained. 2. This name ere now has many minds inflamed. 3. The dread abode of one a king once sought. 4. From here the prize of mutual love was brought. 5. A lovely province of a fertile land. 6. How strange to this-I'm sure you understand. 7.-A PUZZLE. The regal half of one who ruled Old England in her palmy days, Makes up myfirst, awakes the hope That we may follow in her ways. My second is but half the time, Whatever it may be o'clock, And wedded to my first combines Always to give opposing shock.
But plant my second 'fore my first, And then your best attention lending, You'll see, ah me ! a sight to see, You'll see-a Christian ending. Now take my third, behold a feud, We are getting into quarrel quickly, Or else the leech is three parts knave We sent for when we felt so sickly And now my fourth-ah, pleasant fourth.' Come hither, friend, my hand is shaking, Shaking to shake your, own, dear boy, And end at once the riddle's making. For years, and years, and years ago, When you were young and I not oldish, We pledged each other-that pledge stands good, And 'tis my whole-and not grown coldish.