PUZZLE COMPETITION. 1. MIXED WORD PUZZLE.
The following is a verse from a well-known poem:- Thehe Imsma nste eredth esh ipmov edon Ye tne verabr eezeupbl ew Them arin ersal l'ganw orkt hero pes Whe rethe ywe rewon ttod o Theyra ise dth eirlim bsli kelif eles sto ols Wew ereag has tlyc rew. 2. HISTORICAL CHARADE. My first is a piece of water; my second is a personal pronoun; my third is a fruit. My whole is a siege which lasted five weeks. My first is an ingredient in beer; my second is an adjective. My whole is an island taken from the French. My first is a state of equality; my second is part of the verb " to be." My whole is a treaty made in connection with the Seven Years' War. My first is the ground on which an army pitches; my second is an instrument giving sound. My whole is a general celebrated in the Indian War. 3. ENIoG. My first is in length, but it is not in height. My second's in sunshine, but not in the light. My third is in ancient, but is not in old. My fourth is in bought, but never in sold. My fifth is in measure, but not in a yard. My sixth is in poet, but not in a bard. My whole is a measure of very great length, And yet an alliance of very great strength. 4. DIAMOND PUZZLE. The centrals read downwards and across give the name of a famous woman:- (1) A consonant. (2) A mineral. (3) Leaves. (4) Collects. (5) Enormous. (6) A famous woman. (7) Urgent. (8) Twisted. (9) Courageous. (10) Sick. (11) A vowel. 5. TnANsposITION PUZZLE. Each of the following lines when rightly arranged will give the name of a Shakespearian chLaacter :- A. c, i, 1,n o 0,r s u E. g, i 1, n, or Eill, oo d, v. w. E, 1, s, s, s, u, y A. a, c,h, i, i, npru C, ,i, i, i, n, s, s, u 6. BEUEADED WoRDS. I am to repeat; behead me, I am an increase; behead me, I am a Scotch word; behead me, I am not out. I am peril; behead me, I am wrath. I am to gratify; behead me, I am to let; behead again, I am repose. 7. HisTonICAL ACRosTIc. The initials read downwards form the name of a battle fought during the Stuart period :- (1) A famous edict favourable to the Huguenots. (2) A celebrated actor during the reign of Queen Elizabeth. (3) A tax levied by Henry II. (4) A king who died at the age of sixteen. (5) A Catholic Bishop of London. (6) The author of " The Night Thoughts." 8. METAGRAILS. I am a species of turf; Change my head, and I am a form; Change again, I am an achievement; Change again, I am warmth ; Again, I am food; Again, I am tidy; Again, I am to hit hard. So, Prizcs Answers nmust be received by August G. See Rules, page 6.