4Й. CHARADE.
My Uret is Λνΐιοηοο tlie wind must blow, So waft th'explorer to his home, W lien the Discovery from the ice, Is free from Arctic Seas to roam. My second by the artist's hand, Is used to show a wintry scene ; Or, to depict the autumn leaves, And so to hide the summer's green. When, after being tossed about, The sailor bravo perceives my ikiri, He feels that all his caros are o'er, And darling's voice will soon be heard. Now, go to whero we get good coal, Titis English county is my u-/ıoîc. PICTORIAL REBUS. What r.Oi'obatio performauce is here shown ? 4,3. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. By millions 'tis used yvho no doubt thiuk it nice,· Some call it ά pleasure, somo think it a vice ; The primals road downward will give you its name ; Tho finals will tell you the laud yvhencc it came. ι By this if you're bitten, you'll danco like a kitten. II, By "casual" tramps, jail birds, and similarrp?cies, 'Tis hauled about and torn, and rull'd to pieces. щ. Hark ! hear the ringing blast ! away ! алуау ! It's merry notes proclaim a hunting day. IV. A notable bay where our tars wou the day. v. A tribe of Scythians famed in history, Whose name is giveu to au inland sea. VI. Title giveu to the chair fill'd up by tho Lord Mayor. VII. The curtain risos, cease your humming, Него'ь the prima donna coming. An. Initio. 44. MYTHOLOOICAL CROSS. 1. Fit; 2. Denoting iurpriae. 3. The least quantity. 4. Sculptor. 5. Guilty , r minai. 0. The human race. 7. To interrogate. Centres read downwards nud across, name the greatest sculptor aud statuary of Greece. Boru at Athens b.c. 490. Eukeka. PICTORIAL REBUS. r¡? % é 45. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. 1,000 andarruabb. a river in Persia; 52 and xro, a medicine ; 150 and пае, to pierce ; 151 and puorb, a commonwealth; 551 and sounha, foreign; 1,^01 and asaktor, a town in tho Ottoman Empire ; 102 nnd uotube, the act, of boiling up. The initials aud finals read down will name two Scottish towns. 46. CHARADE. Beneath my first's huge spreading arms, A merry party met ; The tables spread iu due array. To appetite the treat ; And at one end my next is found, In midst of other bounty ; My wlwle is but a little town. That's in a littlo county. D. W. Urquhart. Answers to the above will appear in No. 04.