PUZZLE PAGES. 508.-A GARLAND FOR DULOINEA.
H, woe is me I for long gone by Seems the age of chivalry, When brave arm and fearless heart In the contest bore a part, When a lady's dainty glove Decked the helm of her true love. In these days, oh can there be a Heart that throbs for Dulcinca? If there be, I doubting ask, \ I would set my knight a task Such as Quixote would pronounce Far too slight a one, at once. But I suit my hest, in truth, To our languid modern youth, Scarcely hoping I may see a Garland culled for Dnleinea. You must search o'er dale and hill, [eadow, moorland, bank, or rill, Dive into the dim .deep fountain, Climb with toil the mist-clad mountain,
For they're hid in quaint disguise ; You must question flowery eyes, Pry 'neath bloomy hoods, to see Garland meet for Dulcinea. I would wreathe my glossy hair With these blossoms fresh and failr Cupid wounded shall come first, With a young ship's cradle erst; From a cloud one fallen feather, Bound with a metal wand together, To a firework, these must be a Wreath to weave for Dulcinea. Next the cowl a hermit wears, The finger-shoe that Reynard bears, Vase of Io's gift so yellow, With her. mouth all dewy mellow, A dulcet thorn, a faggot's tie, A timid bird's soft orb hard by, To bosom comfort lirinked-ah me a Pansy wreath for'Dulcinea l Then the 'larum puss doth ring, With feather of a future king; Next a small bird's riding gear, With toilet ware for chanticleer; An emperor's diadem will follow, With the blossom of Apollo.
CONUNDRUMS. 509. Why is a man in the heart of a cyclone like another who has been outwitted ? 510. Why is a lounger like Socrates ?
Pluck all these, and you will see a Blooming wreath for Dulcinea. The blossom of spring's herald gay, A wandering rainbow on its way, The lamp that lit Judea's sky, The stair a patriarch mounted by, Sweets of the field, a falsehood twin, An Eastern turban mingled in. Weave all together, you will see a Flowery crown for Dulcinea. The mirror bright of beauty's queen, The pride at early dawn that's seen, The pilgrim's gladness next is won, But thy toil not yet is done, Till with my love symbol twined, The mystic garland thou shalt bind; Then shall the blooming garland beis Coronal for Dulcinea. When these flowery spoils are won, And thy task is fitly done, Thou shalt not lack a guerdon rare, It shall bind my flowing hair. Rewarded with thy lady's praise, With a noble crown of bays- Fingers fair have twined for thee a Victor's wreath from Dulcinea.
512.-CHARADE.
Bonny Bay is on his way, His frequent road to market town, With Farmer Gray, who goes to pay For cattle bought from Dealer Brown. Sure such afirsa was never seen For spirit, strength, good temper, beauty, So safe to drive, so fleet to ride, So apt for any kind of duty. Myfirst is always in his place At fair or market, hunt or race, At trotting match or steeplechase, He wins his master fame and grace. So, Bonny Bay, trot on your way With your proud owner, Farmer Gray, And to admiring folks display 4 Your pace and mettle as you may.
'I,, - --_K __ __ 4 _~B-- I~' _- , _' __ I I'r-
So he dismounts, and leads myfirst (Glad that the evil is no worse) Until he gains the village forge, [George Which rings with noise while Blacksmith Is by the farmer quickly beckoned To suit myfirst with a new second. The bellows blow, while high and higher Mount the flickering flames of fire, While tongs and hammer work their will Upen the glowing iron still, Till, wrought and cooled, my whole lies there, And George my first doth now prepare My second to receive, whilst it With nail and hammer's made to fit; Then Farmer Gray and Bonny Bay Once more, rejoicing, wend their way.
CONUNDRUMS. 513. Why is an Arab like an astounded man? 514. Why is conjuring like a handy account-book ? 515. Why is the Great Sole Bank like the Joint-Stock Bank? 516. Why is a drunken man like an unceiled house? 517. Why is a naked savage as honourable as a peer ? 518. Why is a monomaniac like a Cyclop ?
But eggs will addle, hopes will die, Watched pots will not boil speedily, And chickens oft are rashly reckoned, And feet go bare without my second. For people hurrying on their way Oft find more 'pikes than one to pay; And, forced to halt, are apt to say That "fair and softly" wins the day. Thus it fell out with Farmer Gray, And my famed first, the Bonny Bay : For suddenly the farmer found Myfirst get slower o'er the ground, Till presently it limped along, And farmer found out something wrong Ailed Bonny Bay, and wisely reckoned That he had surely lost my second.
Meanwhile my whole upon the road Lay near an ancient crone's abode: A poor old woman, worn with years, Imbued with childish hopes and fears, Who dreads to spill the salt, and ne'er Fresh work on Friday will prepare; Who will not wear a scrap of green, To vex the spiteful Fairy Queen; Who fortunes tells by teacups turned, While the All-Hallow nuts are burned. To her my wihole's a precious gem, Well worth a monarch's diadem. With nail and hammer duly o'er She nails it just above the door, Convinced no goblin, witch, or fay, Beneath my whole can find their way.
J J f r sI 77.77 `t" j 2 7-7~ 3. 2rs-bw ~~-~- ~ l~ --~~b~li n - /7 ~ ~ Lz - - -N ' -q i 1. 3. OLD RMS-1.Manat-ams ismuntd. . Arherwit bo andbranin malet 3.Crs\bw