PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
I AM now going to give you an old friend:- (I.) BLIND RHYMES. The merry summer comes at last, And frost and cold are with the gone. Bright morns begin, and sunset eves, The trees are clad in freshest gowns! The birds begin their votive lay, At the first glimpse of early dawn. The morn's first chorister, the lark, Begins his matins in the gloom ! And flowers dainty, fresh, and sweet, Upraise their beauty round our shoes! The busy bees fly to and fro, Laden with treasures, as they pass. The golden blossoms of the broom For their great legions still find place. And see-the billowy waves of grass Fall as the mowers onward wind- The air is charged with the soft breath Of odorous blooms that spring and twine The verdant hedgerows; daisies white Spread their soft argent to the sheen, The river sends her chalice up, Ivory and gold, each gleaming vase! While ripples sparkle, breezes sigh, How sweet is June, our constant word! Now I have got a pictorial proverb for you, which conveys the same lesson as the old adages, " Trust not to seeming," or " All is not gold that glitters." Let us see if you can add a third proverb, in solving this- (K.) PICTORIAL PROVERB.
We will finish up *our, travels this month with a couple of charades. The whole word of the first is an exclamation much inl vogue in days gone by, but which seems now to have gone out of fashion. The pictorial one is a beautiful and seasonable insect. (L.) CHARADE. "Adolphus, adored one ! next Monday at three, Be sure to be here at 'The Hurst,' For 'ma has invited a party to tea, Because we are making my First. There'll be croquet and strawberries, archery and ice, To wind up with a dance on the lawn ! If you come, it will be so exceedingly nice ! Your own WILHELMINA McDAWN." My Second arrives, and, in uniform gay, My hero appears at " The Hurst;" But the blinds are all drawn, and deserted the lawn, Though the people are making my First. For the look of the mansion he cannot account; He inquires if any one's dead. " No; but Miss Wilhelminy's eloped with the Count, And missus has took to her bed! " Like the "gay cavalier," a philosopher quite, To fury not easily stirred, Von Cucumber calmly his meerschaum did light, And uttered but one little word. He sat himself down on a heap of my First, And peace o'er his countenance stole. How happy are they who can placidly say- Whatever befalls them-my whole ! (M.) PICTORIAL CHARADE. Thcre, young folks, I think you ought to be able to guess all this month's puzzles pretty easily; and so good-bye till next month. - "