PUZZLE PAGES. 48G.-CHARADE.
HERE'S Biddy the dairymaid happy and gay, A sprightly young maiden is she; No lass trips so neatly, or carols so sweet, With her pail on her head o'er the lea. She has lovers enough; there's my second, poor George, Whose heart wildly beats as he thumps at his forge ; His sighs are distressing, so long and so deep, And in time as in depth with his bellows they keep. But "He! he! he!" Says Biddy, "may be, Such a soft sighing swain will not ever suit me !" Poor fellow ! his hands and his face are my first; For though money is steadily made By my whole, if he's skilful, at even the best It is never the cleanliest trade.
h strikes the hot bar, and a red shower flies Of sparks round the anvil on which the work lies; nd stalwart his arm is, and steady his blow, s the ponderous hammer falls solemn and slow. But "Ah !" sighs he, "If Biddy jilts me, OhQhere, and oh where, will my business be ?" ButBiddy is foolish, like most Irish girls, And snubs her most suitable swain
For Peter the groom, whoflirts with her awhile Then goes back to Jenny again. While my second, poor George, he perspires and he sighs With the heat of the fire and of Biddy's bright eyes, Till my fist he becomes so entirely, in sooth, That our dairymaid finally settles the youth. For " Oh !" says she, "How dare you court me, You beggarly whole of a low degree ?"
487.-MISTRESS MIARY'S CONTRADICTIONS.
Mistress Mary Is in a quandary eaOusesheissomewhat hard upin her diction" But she sends you a few She hopes will prove new Entirely to you, iht you may find as good as her last con- trudictions ! I. I am growing and green, I am bluish and keen, sometimes I'm a deep reddish colour you'dcall I am hard, I am soft, And both I am oft; [a long, I am short, I am little or tall! I grow in the fields, But Ceylon also yields
My yellow form chiefly; while Birmingham In razor or sword, [shows, What power I afford To my owner, who often his name to me owes! II. I'm seen upon the human head, A portion of your daily bread, A shelly mansion for a fish, As snug as any heart could wish. In Scotland, if you have a mind, Me in the chimney you will find. Although my name's transformed, no doubt You'll hardly fail to find me out. All cereals own me in great number, Yet only two mankind encumber, Which in one race, supremely strengthened, Bear burdens great, are largely lengthened !
488.-SIMPLE SIMON STUPIFIED. I'm that poor misguided fellow, Sport of every idle gale, Who was one time set a-fishing In my mother's pail, Where I nie'er with all my trouble Caught the promised whale ! Friday last my mistress sent me Up into the town. She was going to give a party Such as ne'er was known. "Fish and flesh, and good red-horring" Should the banquet crown. To a fishmonger she sent me For some acid fruit; From the ironmonger ordered Poultry her to suit; ,To the currier must I travel For her fish to boot ! Was not Simple Simon bothered For the reason why ? Half-way there I sat and pondered, And began to cry. Surely never was a fellow Pestered more than I ! In the alphabet she bade me Vegetables buy; From a bookseller procure her Pounds of meat to fry; The bird-fancier an amphibious Creature would supply! To the smelting-house she sent me For some dainty meat; Bid me make from smartest acids Pies for them to eat; And in the open sea desired me Fruit to gather sweet ! I once more the ironmonger Sought to buy her fish ; To the coach-house next I trotted For a rich sweet dish; Next from a useful book 1 gathered Fruit to meet her wish ! Was not Simple Simon bothered For the reason why ? Half the while I sat and pondered, Trying not to cry. Was there ever as unluckgy Mortal sure as I ? Can't you help poor Simple Simoik On his puzzling quest.P And I, hope the ingenious guesser Who will help me best,. At such a dinner asI furnis f Soon shall be a, guest ! .
489.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC CIIARADE, 1. An orthodox dish, and a dainty one too, Which on Easter Day we may often view. 2. A beautiful colour, not given to flee, Though exposed to the ravageofsunand s 3. A name whose owners dwell at Cologne, Though in every oiVilised country known, 4. The insedfs tal li e, Watts prtrays As. trod intc' dust iu. 6tit omnm6n t s. My fvirst four initials ihi offer to show What molt 6S Ud oa ot make of 66 My last 6tiff. al a thing bett ay In which we itve 6b r Watery way Oft doth t4s a my As eaingfage When oil th& stortry itvfa a frng, The *ild Whik1 hlowa, and billows roar, And shanl=id·@ 6 'ie d gt4 so f k t og ntbe shore My last l tdiAfftiig, drifting,; d3ftin To the pit o66 *id't inoetsat shiitidg While mfy *&tt66m dttli heipless rey, For the igatileiy ntm helpfess psye But thou-ig t w fin ty totr , ancd bml1bws roll Forth to the6 rsttt apaeds miy w1 6e I My galla t/eh6lt in. F iobie Ctto e Sliesnateh'amiy;ýýfz'st'ciithefsea'siim}ans. She looks 6lt4 a pe0 k oni thi ighty tiihin, But its breakers may foam and chafe in vain; They may wrench my last from keel to deck, But my first is saved from tempest wreck, And landed free from the storm's control: Good speed to her ever ! my gallant whole! TRANSPOSITIONS. 490. SUPTAITRIPS.-The "Tyrant" of Athens, who, claiming a descent from Codrus, usurped the sovereign rule. His reign was, however, not marked by any gross violations of the laws, and he bequeathed the succession to his sons. 491. CITMOSSLEETH.--The wily poli. tician who suggested the extension and ample fortification of the city, while at the same time he succeeded in lulling the enemy into comparative security. 492. ISPECERL.-The benefactor of arts and sciences, the brilliant leader, and the able politician who raised Athens to its greatest power. An enlightened ruler ad able legis- lator, he left behind him an untarnished glory. 493. ADIBSARS.-A noble Spartan com- minder, who was one of the bravest among a host of brave men. He met with his death in Thrace. 494. SILIDACABE. -- An' intriguing leader, whose greatest aim was to serve his own ambition. After miany vicissitudes of fortune and misfortune, he was ignominiouslY slain by a small band of assassiuis5
495.--PJZZLE.
Irepresent a verysmall house; exchange my head for another, and I become a mere speck;, repeat the process, and I am the past tense of theverb "to get." Behead me pnd replace me. ith another letter, and I become excessively oam; again, and I am what people do when teyput down hasty ideas. Replace my com- mencement once more, and I become part of debiddings of an auctioneer; once more, and I am a negative; again, and I am what boils your potatoes, cabbage, and beef. Put another biter of the alphabet to me, after decapitating the last, and I am a fearful decay; repeat the
process, and I appear that fearful thing a con- firmed drunkard. Now take me as I was at first, and add a vowel to.me, and I give you a dwelling-place for birds; change the capital letter, and I love to excess; again, and I take a register of what passes; once again and I appear in order. Now attach to me the sibil- lant letter, and I give you a native of our kindred isle; aiter me and I show you what a rifle volunteer has done at a review. Alter me again, and I give you the trace of the flying deer; again, and I convert your cooking utensil into a blemish.
496.-PROVERbBIAL. 4, -
493.- BIO,lhPIiiCAL, ENIGMA. 1. A celebrated commander, who was edu- atedin Iollaud.,.andserved under the banners of Prussia, butrwho returnecd to his own coun- try and covered - with0 laucels by resisting France asRS aii ian kwe; s iee at Gibraltar. 2. heyal en$.ipilage er who discovered the priha :jok, t,)fiee the earth, sun, moon, ndplanets;i t i n3, W eadyft and.poendering over such a trivial occurrence as the fall of an antumn fruit. 3. One of our merchant princes, whose early history teems with romance, and who in after Years founded a noble building, commemorat- ing by his crest the story attached to his earlier years. 4. A celebrated philosopher, born in a coun- try of the West, whose writings have been and Rill be admired for many years. 5. A brilliant general, who held a high Command in the West Indies, and led the CPeedition to Egypt. At Alexandria. he fell on the field of battle. 6. A naval hero, who entered the service at twelve years of age, and who proved one of the most famous among his country's defen-
ders. His victories are woI.dl-renowned, and his last signal has becomoa watehword. 7. Another naval here,o wlo made himself much distinguished by,avoyage round the world. He wa insatental in scratterng+ a large and powerful na9 e~ýepise in 1i588. The initial.ot ea .es,~mri. lbat~. of their native ltwaJbxwi " jaBT exi jg..and unfading sources Qs QhonouQH dt pride TRANSPOSITION. 498. DYALNERS.--A Lacedeemonian general, who was popular, wise, and active in his measures. He gained several great successes, and finally conquered Athens. ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &C. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 471. Ship-wreck. 472. Et. Bet-Get-Jot-Let-Met-Not -Pet--Set-Wet-Yet. 473. 1. A table. 2. A cannon. 3. A needle. 4. A book. 5. A. clock. 474. Hieroglyphic. 475. A Bed. 476. Ill weeds grow apace. To be read- Ill weeds-G row-Ape-ace. 477. Boot-jaok.
409.-CHARADE.
"I love my first," said Grasperly Grub, "In any shape or fashion; So long as I get it, the world may go And play as it will with its poor peep-show, My first is my only passion ! My beautifulfirst,it is fresh as youth, Deep as love, and as true as truth, Reavy as lead, and most slippery to hold, Whether in copper, or silver, or gold. Who cares ? Not I, for my coffers are deep Wherein my belovedfirst I keep. Roses are fair, but myfirst is fairer; Diamonds are scarce, but myfirst is rarer; Sugar is sweet, and so is honey, But sweetest of all is my precious - !" While Grasperly Grub is chanting his lay, And counting my first in glory, My second poor Skinnikin Bones doth sit, For dinner or supper there's scarce a bit In that dismal upper story ! My second is she, and incessant her toil To earn a bare living and make the pot boil. For a brood of small children, thin, hungry, and bare, Who try to exist on the scantiest of fare,
-- -_3 ý:=a - - _ _ýý -' s ý ý ý at - d ·~'·_ . '
And where is my whole on his travels to-day ? To which of our neighbours a visit to pay ? To Grasperly Grub some more gold doth he promise ? No! Wellletus watch. See the spothe comes from is The bare, dismal attic of Skinnikin Bones. Long life to my whole ! while such portents he owns, May housemaid and broom be kept far from his way, And midges be plentiful every day ! Meanwhile the young Bones hardly know their own selves In these tidy,. well-fed, and well-garmented elves!
Round goes her wheel from the first peep light- Everlastingly round till far into the night: And poor Skinnikin sighs, when things co to the worst, And wishes she had but some more of myfi "For what shall I do for my poor childre dinner To-morrow I know not !" cried Skinny -1! Whenever my whole you may chance to e (Tradition avers that she utters no lie!) A bountiful fortune will fall to your lot, If the queer little prophet of luck you harm Some of his kin, if you happen to see In the morning, some sorrow your port will be; But if in the evening you happen to view 'c They're a signof success, so donothingunto'e But at morn or at evening, at noon or atniglt The tribe of my whole, when they come in y sight, Should be ever most welcome, unless you so funny As to slight or object to a pocket of -
And Skinnikin cries, " There's no lack of dinner; Oh, bless you my whole for agood - - MORAL. Some people find life all one radiance sUn With luxury and comfort, and plenty of While others are oft hardly pinched for dinner, [the When toiling for bread like poor Sidel Till Fate, like my whole, weaves a web good-luck, [stu And round people at last in the round holes a And when they're of wealth and of riches t winner, They gratefully bless the benign -