PUZZLE PAGES.
284.-LORD DUNDREARY'S "LATHT WIDDLE." i Y Jirtht ith-weally !- let me thee, I fanthy tith my the- cond; And yet my whole with- out my firtht, ' Would uthleth quite be weckoned. My fitt'th a, pwetty little thing, Thath blue, thewene, and thunny, - ; l That makth a hole in -Z 'fellabs' hearthth, * In thpite of wank and money. My theconcd-no-yeth -I'm quite thure Thith time I'm thay- ing wightly- Within my thecond'th ample wound The gwape-juith thparkleth bwightly I Ath bwightly ath my deareth'th firtht, Whenever I am talldng ; My whole athithth me to dethewy, Ath by her thide I'm walking. My whole enableth me to wead My bwother Tham'th latht letter; And ith, in fact, my thecond (thight), Myfirtht itthelf not better ! Tho let my thecond thircle wound, And raithe our thpirith weary, A toatht I'll thecond, if you pleathe To athlk for Lord Dundreary. 285.-ENIGMA. Iwas sitting idly in my study, before a blazing fire, about an hour before dinner, when,'accord- ing to my physician's directions, I rang the bell and ordered my tonic (1). " Yes, sir," answered my old and very valued servant, who had been my cellarman (2) for years; "h6w do you find yourself, sir?" '"Very well, I thank you, John," replied I; " except for a slight pain in my brow (3), I was never better.'" " I'm glad of it, sir," he answered, " for Dick is very anxious to know when you intend to resume the chase (4)." "Next week, I hope," said I, " and I hope my old-fashioned body (5) is ready for me to wear." "Ay, ay, sir," replied John,
" but 'tis looking terrible whitish-black (6) a the seams." "Never mind, John," said I, "'tis an old friend. And what's Hannah get for my dinner ?" " She has got a leg of young mutton (7), sir," he replied. "Then tell her cook it in hot water (8)," said I; "and beghel not to forget that I like a slice of dried sait pork (9) afterwards; and above all things hi her be quick (10) about it. Just mention to her, by the way, that the shrimp sauce yesterday was rather husky (11)." " Yes, sir," answered faithful John, closing the door. "And now,' said I, poking the cheery fire, "I don't envy even Pio Nono (12) himself, with such a dinner awaiting me, a cosy chair, a good fire, and twelve good authors whom I have already men. tioned to keep me company." 286.-CHARADE. There were two that wandered out one night, On the hard, wet sand, the ribbed sea-sand; The moon was shining calm and bright, And myfirst and its brothers lent their light, And shed it over the land. He whispered low in her willing ear, As they walked on the sand, the hard, wet sand- "Your sweet eyes are as bright, my dear, As my first, in heaven, which shineth clear, Where the lamps of the blue sky stand." He whispered low as low could be, As they wandered along the hard, wet sand- "As my second loves the deep, deep sea, I love you, sweet-do you love me ? Will you plight your little hand ? "As my first is true to yon dark blue sky," He said, as they traversed the wet ribbed sand; " As my second apart from the sea would die, Away from your presence, darling, should I, So give me at once your handl" She murmured "Yes;" and her small hun stole Into his as they went o'er the hard, wet sand But the fates were averse, for they got a roll O'er a bit of rock, and she found my whole Was crawling close at hand. MORAL. So lovers take heed as you walk by the tide, On the hard, wet sand, the moonlit sand, Give rocks and boulders a widish berth, For it is not pleasant to kiss the earth Where my whole crawls close at hand.
2S7.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The purest bloom that greets a bright May sky; With mean excuse to put a question by ; The spot where many a dauntless spirit fled; The man whose pills survive though he is dead. ange all these letters in their order due; len tremble, youth I for, clear revealed to you, lis fatal epoch to mankind will show ie perils bachelors must idergo. 288.-CHARADE. id Hunks is in sorroi; old Hunks is quite ill, at he grudges the money for draught and for pill, he shivers and shakes in his bare, scanty bed, ith aches in his limbs and a pain in his head, ntil by degrees he becomes so much worse, bat with grievous complainings he sends for the nurse. ame Deborah comes, and she rouses his ire, or her earliest work is to light a good fire; hen she calmly proceeds to brew plenty of tea, nd to make buttered toast, which it grieves him to see. ut in vain doth he grumble, snarl, chatter, and scold, or disease is triumphant, and Hunks is grown old; ?oo feeble to lift himself up in his bed, sith thin, failing limbs, and a weak, swimming head. ame Deborah then she her duties up reckoned, ad very serenely sat down to my second. ut a neighbour drops in when poor Hunlks is at worst, d, shaking her head, she declares it my first. So it is !" says the dame; " and Heaven rest his poor soul! r within this half-hour I have just heard my whole I" ear me !" cries the neighbour, " his moments are reckoned, dame, pray allow me to share in my second; r my first must be nsar if my whole you have heard. Ibide a bit with you, pray don't say a word !" en the gossips sit down to their chat, toast, and tea ; hIs groans and grows weaker, as bad as may be, 1 at last, when the daylight doth dawn in the skies, turns on his side with a shudder-and dies ! en they whisper, "My whole pretty surely has reckoned, en my first puts an end to the time of my second."
289.--HISTORICAL ENIGlMA. A beautiful region in Greece, Which was famous in pastoral song; Its natives were said to love peace, And the pleasures which to it belong. 'Now find out the names here below, Then from them the first letters take; And, when you write them down so, The answer they truly will make. 1., The mountains'whicliHannibal crossed; 2. One who founded a powerful state; 3. A battle which by Rome was lost; 4. A hero and sovereign, great; 5. A Welsh town for flannels much famed; 6. Of the largest Scotch county the name; 7. A king who in England once reigned, And a wise and great monarch became. CONUNDRUMS. 290. Why is a successful swindler at a rural town like a customer at an oyster saloon ? 291. What measure of capacity is of a sorrow. ful nature ? 292. Why is the best part of many melodies like entering a ball-room with the hat on ? Asswnns TO CHARADES, &C. (Pages 466, 467, and 468, l bl. II.) 245. Bar-O !-net-Baronet. 246. Heart's-ease-Heartsease. 247. Can-teen-Canteen. 248. A repeater. 249. Because it is erring (herring). 250. Because it is an imperial measure and a pint (point) of law. 251. One is lines on the throne, and the other is thrown on the lines. 252. Baize (bays). 253. Inn-spectre-Inspector. 254. T. E. A.-Ate-Eta. 255. F. E. G.-Efligy. 256. Gneiss (niece). 257. When he's an n-sign (ensign). 258. Because it's past in tense (passed in tents). 259. Because.it's a .uper-stitchin'. 260. When you give them a twist (at whist). 261. Because he's an MI.P.-raw (emperor). 262. Shakespeare. 263. Old birds are not to be caught with chaff. To be read-Old birds-R knot-2- B caught with chaff. 264. Horse-chestnut. 265. I'd be a butterfly. To be read-Eyed B-a butterfly. 266. P. A. R. T.-Part. 267. B. O. A. R.-Boar.
293.-TOPOGRAPHICAL AND HISTORICAL. Of what thoroughfare near Covent-garden does this historical passage remind you? --O---_O 0 LD +ý -- .. .- 294.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
1. The character Miss Bateman makes her own; 2. A savoury mess to Sancho Panza known; 3. Your slave you think-your master hle doth know; 4. Man's primal comfort, but his dearest woe.
Read them aright, you'll find man's earlied bliss, When the first husband the first wife did kiss; And the rash passion roused in Cain's darl mind When Abel died, first slain of all mankind.
295.-A CONUNDRUM FOR THE CORPULENT. Why is this farmer like a follower of Mr. Banting ? OXEN ,<--KNIGMIA 29G.-ENIGMA.
I am a newsvendor. I tell of births, mar- riages, and deaths. I invite people to dinner, and carry their refusals. I send people abroad, and order their return. Through me, buying, selling, and bartering are frequently accom- plished. I speak the most polished language and the roughest tongue. I am generally white,
often blue, and sometimes of the most delic tints. I am sometimes used with care, but m frequently receive little or none, and am of destroyed. I am also heard in the song of nightingale and the melody of the blackb- Musical instruments are useless without and I am the foundation of the musician's a d F L r T-i n n