PUZZLE PAGES.
.j~J 1/ ~ C~ 'A' 4 ~I
30.--PUZZLE. N O; I did not like it, so I'll not deceive you; It matters nothing now, that may relieve you. The half horror of my situation made my first; I was so completely caught, that was the worst- Caught as though my second had been used to do it- Yes, there was I, and everybody knew it. I had thought to build a happy third, Just she and I, a male and female bird, Cock Robin, Jenny Wren, to bill and coo, Or vhatsoe'er it be the birdies do, When suddenly, as summer's thunders roll, She and her kith rose up and made my whole. I don't know what I'd done, nor why they did it; The fault's not mine-not mine-no, Heaven forbid it! I nought for honey, but I got the sting; And worst of all, I had bought the wedding-ring. ANAGRAMS.-LONDON BUILDINGS. 31. Thee, nice soft regal fop. 32. Mrs.! Stew baby in Tee. 33. 0! ma! shun noise.
34.-CHARADE. It was a stormy night, My first I gladly hailed, And of its warmth and light Quickly myself availed. The midnight hour was near When I was shown. my room- A room that chilly was and drear, And wrapped in dismal gloom. I laid me down in dread, Strange sounds I thought I heard, When by my bed appeared My second and my third. I could not move nor speak, I dared not strike a light, I could not give a shriek, I gasped in mortal fright! Then thus the phantom spoke:- "I haunt my first, and so"- It was a ghostly joke- "My whole's a policeman. Bo!" And with that sound the ghost withdrew; I guessed his meaning-say can you? 35.-CHARADE. When I courted pretty Lizzie, She then wore her hair in curls, Not with chignon rolled or frizzy- Oh! she was the best of girls. One day I said, "Lizzie, do now Let me have now just one whole ; If you don't indeed 'tis true now I shall not my grief control !' Well, she gave me one, I hid it In a wrapper next my heart, And one day I went and did it- Bought my first-now do not start. "Lizzie ! second me, I pray you," Said I then, "to fix the day." Lizzie blushed and said, L Away you !" " Yes" by that she meant to say!
ANSWERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 57, 58, 59, 60-121, 122, 123, 124-185, 186, 187, 188.) i. Barber's-base--inn (barber's basin). 2. Glass-lass-ass. ;1. Love in the heart. 4. If you love me as I love you, no knife shall cut our love in two. 5. Because it's de chorus (decorous). i. Because it gives a scent (assent). 7, You would turn to a sister (assist her). 8. Because you sup porter (support her). 9. Because he's generally accurate (a curate). 10. Because he possesses at least one acher (acre). 11. Because he's a fable (affable). 12. They might say " Turn" (Saturn),. or more probably " Back us !" Bacchus). 13. Because he's made a peer (appear). 14. Because a mare (mayor) can't be a good horse man! 15. Because they are foul (fowl). 1;. We know they were originally the first pear (pair). 17. Because it has its corps (cores) and its colonels (kernels). 18. A park of artillery. 10. By pushing the cork in. 2". When it's all a mowed (i la mode). 21. Penny tents (penitents). 22. .\A tennis 'un (A. Tennyson). 2,. See Correspondence pages. 21. ilouth-ivory, gums, tongue, achers, &c. 25. I believe you, my boy, and am always yours. (Read the initial words alternate lines.) 26. Your odd sum, hardly put, I rather think I can do, For when it is done, with all your tricks, the answer is only two. Your second I take it a precious gem must be, That I guess at your third, I think you may trust me. Of course it is scoundrels, and there's an end of it; Twco precious scoundrels, my bonnet I doff it. I saw the farce once, and I laughed very hearty, In a box that held six, such a nice jolly party ! 27. Win (short for Winifred)-try (wintry). 28, [Yfi'st was my house; my.secocnd was my maid; And mny wkole-to Mrs. J. an awful thing-was our housemaid. 29 The best heart.
r -' Ii f/s I~ -i
36.--PUZZLE. At my first they met in a scene of splendour, Justice to which my pen could not render. All in all to the eyes of each other; She saw nought but him, he saw never another So fair in his eyes, and determined to woo her- Sigh, scribble, sing, vow, and succeed as a wooer. But a man cannot always do just what he pleases; He means to do this, and oft thinks that h'e sees his Way very clear, when some dark shadow crosses, And all the man's gains turn out to be losses. My second bore off from the land my poor lover, But though borne away he ne'er ceased to love her. And after awhile, which means just two years or more, He meets her again, she is his, and he fears no more. They delight in my whole, and like dutiful scholars In Cupid's high school, put their heads through the coll And run side by side for a great many years, And are never once known to be set by the ears.