78. PRIZE CHARADE.
In my first you've the prettiest follow, No bandy-log'd spalpeen was he, As he jogged along, brogues arsd shiľ.elagb, To the fair down at rosy Traleo. By the girla a jewel was he reckoned, From the crown of his head to his heels, But by jabbers he raised such a second, And bate the whole tribe of O'Neils. But a band of stout peelers appoarin', Unawares on poor Paddy they stole, And though now banished far from ould Erin, He is ever considered my wlwle. William Aitken. 79. DIAGONAL. A friend of all beloved as such, Though very small can pain yorr much. A beast of burden now we meet, And then a food we often eat ; At this, these make α square complete, Which from tho corners down will teach, In Time's bAvift march each follows each. Wandering Willie.
PICTORIAL REBUS.
80. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Hore a host of useful men, in their seats are found again, Who the welfare of e'en E агоре aro controlling, When thoso words aro given out, and are met with cheer and shout, And the parliamentary ball is set a-rolling. 1. Sent to free a wandering nation, Face to face with sheer starvation. 2. Void of every honest feeling, Neither more nor loss than stealing. 3. All of noonday's splendour shrouded, By α world a world is clouded. 4. Swift from boing, heedless, buried, Thousands prematurely hurried. 5. Take the draught, and after taking, Sleep the sleep that knows no AA'akiug. C. What a creature for a neigh tour, Loving case, but hating Inb .ur. WAS-Л R.4G Wir.LiĽ. 81. HIDDEN IRISH TOWNS. Patrick, call Andrew ; the straw in the cell is burn¬ ing, aud the door of tho castle bars escape; the dear old castle's small owner must not bo abandoned ; run down, Patrick, and see if Frank Ford is fresh for danger ; O, Clara, may our swords be new to nervo our arms, and save our tall owu trees ; as to money, gallop, Pat, gallop, I never know castle to most want water, for decent iolk hath boys to head for dear old home. Tyro.
PICTORIAL REBUS. 39
82. PRIZE CHARADE. St. Clair was a brave knight, St. Oluir was an Earl, St. Clair loved a second full well, · Though why he could never say so to the girl, Was more than he ever could tell. But one day as she milked all alone, from a wood Came a red dragon sear hing for prey, And reaching the place where she trembling stood, Pounced upon her and bore her away. It was well for the lady this brave knight was near, One good first of his whole smote it dead, And the gallant St. Clair, and this maiden so fair, That very same even' Avere wed. William Aitken. 83. SQUARE WORDS. 1. To make beer ; to wander ; an adverb ; part of a verb, meaning to depart. 2. A servant ; part of the throat; a potentate; a kind of rain; what we live on. 3. A couch ; prognostic ; a festival ; over again. Ernest George Lövell. Answers to the above will appear in No. 19.