PUZZLE PAGES.
353.-iCHARADE. LAS ! alas! the night is dark, Our way is o'er the deep, The rising wind howls fearfully, We do not dare to sleep. Across the track- less ocean waste For weeks our path has lain, And oh ! we pine to see the shore And its green woods again ! The tempest rises, land is near, More near than we desire; We see my second on the shore, And mark its glimmering fire. Yet bristling rocks lie .stretched between Us and our homes, so we, The travel-weary, are constrained To put once more to sea ! The thunder peals above our heads, The hoarse winds wildly rave, The vivid levin lights the foam That soon may be our grave. Oh for my friendly first, to show Where safe our course would be, For darkness adds a double dread To tempest on the sea ! We're saved ! amidst the stormy night My whole's tall form appears, Against the furious chafing waves Its granite strength uprears. It warns us from the dangerous rocks, It towers above the foam, And through the peril of the night It guides us safely home ! CONUNDRUMS. 354. Why is an elephant like captured contra- 3g5. What is the difference between a chatter- g lover and a pedestrian excursion through ales? 8561 Why are modern ships of war like ights of old ? 357, Why is a butcher cutting up a ram like engineer constructing a fortification before city? 358. Why is a telegram like a river?
359.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. The mass that bears the blacksmith's pon- derous stroke, Though stout enough to fell a goodly oak. 2. An honoured priest of Mahomet's false creed, Whose title now serves military need. 3. The blissful fields where souls at last set free From mortal flesh may roam at liberty. 4. The fabled bird whose egg the princess sought To crown the perfect palace she had wrought. 5. A deep blue dye; that sombre hue it gains From the pale sap with a small plant's veins. 6. The wondrous mass within whose cable rolled Lies what shall link the New World to the Old. 7. The seal that closes human woe and care, The calm " So be it" breathed to every prayer. The first displays the land Columbus sought, When western surges wondrous blossoms brought To cast before hisfeet-two countries plighted To marriage vows, but newly disunited. My next the pilot whose adventdrous hand Would trim the veering helm of that great land. Some billows are behind, the worst before; Sorely will he be taxed ere danger's o'er- Ere the calm stars will smile in happy peace On smiling prairies where fierce war shall cease; When the dark stripes that are her darkest shame Fade from her flag for ever, from her fame ! 360.-FLORA'S TOILETTE. Flora, the Goddess of Flowers, went to a grand banquet the other day, held on Mount Olympus, to meet all the other divinities. Wishing to appear to the best advantage, she enjoined her milliner to arrange her toilette so as to consist entirely of her blooming subjects. She was therefore attired after this fashion:-r Her graceful ~iad was adorned with 'WOCRN RILMEIPA, while a 2NEPSIRC THEERAF was placed among her flowing locks. Her dress was of 3KAASMD EOSR, and her train, of 4TNIAS WEFROL, was trimmed with knots of 'TIVOEL and °TAOAINNRC. Her bodice was lacedwith 'ELSAIDBIBONR. Inherhand she held a 'DOGNEL DOR, and her pocket- handkerchief was scented with °VEELRADN. Now tell me what she was dressed in.
361.-CHARADE. While my second is trying to save, My whole is doing my first; And of all the blamable folks on earth, My whole is surely the ".orst. My second with care and toil Had gathered a frugal store, Against the days of winter and storm, When sunshine was gone and o'er; But my whole came carelessly up, and said- " Myfirst let us gaily do; What signifies frost and winter to come, While the skies are so brightly blue ?" But when summer was over and past, My whole lacked shelter and bread; "You'd better have listened to my advice," To my whole my second said; "For you'll always be hungry and bare, Laclking shelter, and food, and fire, While I am wrapped in a goodly cloak, And feed on my heart's desire." 362.-TRANSPOSITION. HUASMICRAD.-A Spartan general who won the "Tearless Battle ;" so called because he did not lose a follower. 363.-ENIGMA. I am a word of three letters, an animal's name. Add a planet to me, and you will dis- cover Sirius. Take it away and replace it with a flower, and you will discover the exquisite pink-tinted wild-rose of the hedges. Change it once more and link me to another order, and you will perceive a purple scentless blossom. Substitute a fish, and you will find in me one of the lesser shark tribe. Add me to the 4th of July and 11th of August inclusive, and I shall represent the hottest season. Add four letters to me, and I will recite the worst of bad verse to you; replace these by three other letters, and I will show you a stubborn disposi- tion; alter these to two others, and I represent a tenet. Set me on fire, and I give you an ancient form of grate. In my crude form I am the recognised emblem of fidelity, and am monu- mentally represented so. I aA the guardian of your flocks and herds, and of your threshold, under which guise I am represented at Pompeii. I follow your steps with pertinacity, am oft- times slain in your service, and sometimes by your own hand. I rescue you from fire, water, and snow. I get to the lowest depth of weari- ness in your behalf, and yet your gratitude is evinced by making my name a mere byword of reproach.
364.-CHARADE. Dr. Dillwater rides to his patient with speed, For he hears he's so dangerously ill, there need Of haste; so not waiting to harness his mare, He mounts and is off, not a moment to spare. "Oh, doctor, dear doctor, he's frigh'tfully morse Cry his wife and his mother, his sister a nurse. So the doctor dismounts, to the sick man ascend And finds him surrounded with pitying friend He first clears the room, sets the window. wide, Then cheerfully seats himself by the bedside. " Well now, Farmer Clodpole, we've scatter the rout, Pray tell me what all this concern is about." "I'm bad I" cries the farmer, "quite dither my head, My hands be like stwones, and my feet be lead; My stomach's at work like a hogshead of bee And I shake like the aspen, but 'tisn't wi' fear "I see," laughs the doctor, "last market w full, And you took more than money for cattle a wool I'll send you myfirst, to be taken at night, And doubtless to-morrow you'll feel just right I" The doctor goes home, sets Sam Sawbones work, Who turns up his sleeves like an indolent T And mixes and messes and rolls at his ease, To turn out a sample of medical peas. When they're blended to suit him, he leisur looks In the drawer for my second, and carefully bo To the farmer's account my first, second, a whole, In one item alone of poor Clodpole's lo scroll. "Well, farmer, and how are you now?" ci the doctor, . "Though I see by your looks I'm as concocter Of drugs in your case; why 'twas surely worst I've seen, till arrested at once by myfirst! So pray may I ask, as I've happened to call, If my second is void ? have you taken them a "Your dose were a powerful one to reckoned," Quoth Clodpole; "I thowt I were bound for second In th' earth; 'twere a big 'un to bolt, 'pon soul I For 'cordin' to d'rection I zwallered my who
365.-ENIGtMA. I am but a little thing, and yet I sway the destinies of empires and rule the fate of monarchs. I am capable of the highest and noblest influence, and yet I grieve to say the majority of my power has hitherto been mostly exorcised in the service of evil. When I am attuned to the service of the Great Creator my name is Glory, but when I incite man to fall from His service I am more venomous than a poisoned arrow. I am present everywhere with you, and am conversant with all the languages that were spoken:at the Tower of Babel, as well as being acquainted with every dialect of the animal creation. I am sometimes very long and tapering, often broad and rough, flexible, forked, loud, and low, and generally corrugated. I am exceedingly sensitive, and often ,betray the sensations and state of my owner against his volition. I own two of the most graceful ferns among my race, and am sometimes to be met with stretching out into the sea. I summon you to church for worship, marriages, and funerals, and am to be met with in a boot sometimes, but always in a buckle. In my creed I am somewhat liberal, for I favour churches, chapels, temples, mosques, and syna- gogues. I frequent Indian palavers, rooks' parliaments, Dorcas meetings, councils of state, husking bees, quilting parties, harvest homes, concerts, balls, operas, races, drums, revivals, mechanics' institutes, and tea-fights. I am always prominent at commemorations. I assist in almost all ceremonies, from the highest to the lowest; while from the throne I assemble the legislators of our country to meet at St. Stephen's, which was built solely for my use. I am often termed loud, unruly, sweet, shrewish, silvery, golden, musical, saucy, and unknown. I am not a nut, and yet I have kernels. Two places I rather shun; i.e., Quakers' meet- ing-houses and the British Museum reading- room. I am the arrow of the orator, the spirit of the bell, the weapon of the preacher, the bitter sting of the malevolent, the tit-bit of the rein- deer, the book of the doctor, the drudge of the lawyer, the bonne-bouche of the buffalo, and the spiked shield of a woman I I am a large pur- veyor at " breakfasts" and suppers, an inhabi- tant of the land of sandwiches, and a dweller in a pot. The ant-eater and the chameleon make a dart of me, the snail makes a scythe of axe, and some creatures convert me into a sticky trap. It sometimes falls to my lot "to be anul not to be;" for though I exist I am tied and "fettered by a viewless chain," passing my whole existence to no purpose save in eating
and drinking, like Dr. Watts's sluggard; for I live as you do, either on the fat of the land or onthe crumbs from rich men's tables, and to me you owe your enjoyment of either. .I sometimes stumble and trip, or am chronically paralytic. Finally, I should have lived in four places in England-inthe counties of York, Salop, Kent, and Lancashire-but for the non-delivery of my two last letters. 366.--PUZZLE. I am exceedingly fond of collecting rarities and curiosities, which I place in my small museum, of which I give you a catalogue:- 1. A dirty sea-captain. 2. The greatest monarch. who was ever por- phyrogenitous. 3. The feeblest member of the race of stops. 4. A first-rate comb-maker. 5. A highly-rouged madame. 6. A golden curl of hair. 7. A breezy, vast common. 8. The charioteer of the sun. 9. A very pretty girl who lives in Surrey. 10. A Greek. 11. A boundary-line of China. 12. Half of a fair-weather friend. 13. An azure lover of the Goddess of Beauty. 14. The bird sacred to Juno. 15. Some sulphur in a roll. 16. Part of a laundress's stock-in-trade. 17. A pallid creature with verdant blood. 18. The guardian with countless eyes. 19. and 20. Two eminent naval commanders, who take their rank from their respective pennons.. All these parties respectively are attired in feathers and horns, and they are all contained in a small box measuring 20 inches long by 15 inches broad. ANSWEES TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 274, 275, and 276.) 322. Weathercock. 323. FranC -RoacH-AvA-NooN-- CraG -EuropE. FRANoE--CHAN&E. 324. Clisthenes-Ostracism. 325. Because it has a fine temper. 326. Because it is invaluable (in valuable). 327. Bull-E- Eel--Tea-Orinoco-Night- jar. BEETON. 328. Necklace. 329. Glass. 330. 'The Egyptian Hall (Egyptian haul). 331. Thistle-down. 332. Because it is Lombard-street (lumber'd street.) 333. Connecticut.
367.-SHAIKSPEAREAN PUZZLE. If this man were to cry hisfish` now, what quotation from " Hamlet" would he make? . . . " ,,i
368.-CHARADE. No book without my first is made, My wlole is used to cut myfirst, However small or large; However thick it be; A boat my next, which swiftly sails, A very useful thing am I, And outstrips many a barge. As quickly you will see. 369.-TOPOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE. This is a suburb in the north-west of London. " . TRANSPOSITIONS. 370. ILIMDATSE.-The victorious leader of the Athenian forces against the Persians the reign of Darius. His name contains three of the letters from that of the famous ply where the battle was fought. 371. ODNISLEA.-A Spartan who opposed the Persians under Xerxes. His name contai four letters of the title of the pass he so gallantly defended.