PUZZLE PAGES.
1
6.-PUZZLE. EW days remaining, time on the wing, Sand swiftly falling, See the shadows fling, In their rapid flight, That we should not slight, Timely warning of the coming night. Nearer, still nearer, we are to the end Creeping and creeping, As our bodies bend In their fast decay Telling us the day Soon shall have ended and left no ray. We old fellows have had our joys In the young spring time When we were boys. Take one, four, seven, And twelve and ten,
Of letters here written, And tell us then The word we suggest, And it must be confessed It takes no strain, No cudgelling of brain, You youngsters are ever In such capital train. 7.-CHARADE. Maud comes into the garden oft To get my first when my first .is soft, And as rejoicing she takes my whole, Miy second in visions sweeps over her soul. Happy Maud, if you gain it too, Would that I might bestow it on you.! Happier still if the chance betide, My first and whole I could take by your side. 8.-CHARADE. .I go to my second in hopes to meet My first in the name of my whole (a street). : My first to my second, too, frequently goes, And talks to me afterwards-nobody knows! We stroll down my whole of an afternoon, Lamenting that holidays pass so soon. 9.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. In the world's earliest age how fair and good I lay beneath the ever-smiling sky, And still like furtive gleams of Eden left, Round many a cot my fragrance you descry. 1. Chief of all games and dear to Scottish hearts. 2. His brother slain, see how the murderer starts. :3. Ah, hapless youth, for thee our tears must flow. 4. This glitters bright in early morning's glow. 5. O lovely maid, O goddess "fair and free." 6. Drink of the gods at feast and revelry.
ifs '"' "b5 g; iý' :ýý ----- - - Ii __ ______w__y VIRGIN FOREST IN THE BRAZILS.
10.--CARADE. My fist and second are the same, A humlian failing thus expressed The commonest of all by name; My third and fourth by negroes blessed. These two can show the greatest hate Of four for one and two. You'll find yourself in such a state If you can guess this riddle through. 11.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. "We'll meet again in heaven, WVillie, At the spring-time of the year," 1. I'm a relation. 2. Get licked tarnation. 3. Always afloat. 4. Fine stream for a boat. 5. Casts a shadow before. 6. Open the door. 12.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Cream-laid. Steel-made. 1. A wicked sprite. 2. A queen so bright. 3. At heaven's gate. 4. In mischief great. 5. Along the course See man and horse. 13.-PUZZLE. My first is borne by mighty men Of great and small degree, And takes all sorts of forms, you knc~ With office to agree. Sometimes a beadle carries it, And sometimes general bold, But wheresoe'er my first is seen, There's great respect, I'm told.
By all who have a proper sense, And in externals see All that small folk can understand Of lofty dignity. My second is a simple word, And formed of letters two, And yet a very useful word, And well deserves its due.
fbowLCC & NJ M
My third is what we all possess, Yet none of us can give, And if by force we took our share, Should cease at once to live. 'Tis seen in everything around, In water, earth, and air, But only as a fable can The fire take a share. My whole is in the picture seen, An easy riddle guessed, I ween; And you without a mental pain Will 'give it and, say,. "Down again!"