35. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A West country drink; a West Indian island; a caper nimble; и river fish; an Italian town; α little mistake ; a lethal weapon, ľ rimais nnd finals give two well-known Christian names for boys. Cedric Bunnell. 3?. CHARADE. Miss Edith's α tidy and first little girl, With cheeks like my second, so red; And long hair, done up into many α curl, All over her small, shapely head. I met her one day in a bright sunny hour, While the song-birds лл-еге singing above ; And I gave her my whole, the dear, sweet little flow'r,— Hang it all, though—I musn't write love ! F. W. BlNSTElD. 37. TROVERB PUZZLE. SETHAR T E A C Η E N T G ΝI I ANETLL B. G. L. PICTORIAL REBUS. t 38. ENIGMA. Upon the portrait hi yon hall, all radiant you will find me, To the kitchen's dusty Wft'l, human hands doth bind me; I'm in most every London street, a dweller unpro¬ tected, In every house the eye I meet, plainly I'm detected. Upon the stage my form you trace, low aud elate!, And very oft the human face by mo is decorated ; I with every ship am fouud, in quantity that vast is, I in brilliancy abound, my beauty rarely surpassed is. J. A. Eaule. 59. BURIED RIVERS. You вье they are tbere boforo wo are ready. We will cat. something before wo swear the oath—a messenger will witness it. This is an end I did not expect. I wish I had not this to do ; very hard work it will be. That rent came before it луаз due. Kitty need not go there, Marder went instead. Baruin be ready and ask if John is woll and feels better, or we'll never know. He brought that from Exeter, with a man to help him on his tour. Do not bring me'the sugar, nor the loaf, or they will want them. Did our orphan tell the boy never to come again. Fancy that a year has passed since the skating season. Ted entered Exeter last week. That farmer's eye is very keen. Dried eels have not a very nice taste, especially when there is something else instead. Did Arthur say we averred that onr mental negligences proved disadvantageous ? B. G. L. Answers to the above will appear in No. 90.