PUZZLE PAGES. HISTORICAL ENIGMAS.
12. A VERY celebrated naval commander, whose abilities were great, and whose name stilllib the grateful recollections of his countrymen. He it was who, on the eve of an engagea with the enemy, uttered these expressive words: " England expects every man to do his duty The name of this most noted man Six letters does contain. Six names I give you: find them all: The finals prove the name. 1. A Roman emperor, remarkable for his ac- opposing their power until he or they shoulQ complishments of mind and body. One day no more. meeting a person who had formerly been his 4. A Roman emperor, who, one night, re bitter enemy, he thus addressed him : " My lecting that he had done nothing beneficial good friend, you have escaped, for I am made mankind during the day, cried out, "I have] emperor." a day!" 2. A king of England, the first of his line 5. A celebrated man who was the invetern and the first of his name. His abilities, though enemy of Carthage ; for, on whateversubjeet not shining, were solid; and he was heard to debated in the senate-house, he never faled say, soon after his accession, " My maxims are, conclude with these words: "I am also of opi never to abandon my friends, to do justice to that Carthage should be destroyed." all the world, and to fear no man." 6. A very celebrated architect. In 3. An extraordinary man, who, when very greatest architectural work he is buried, young, was obliged by his father to take an oath on his tomb, in Latin, is this inscriptia that he would be at eternal enmity with a great "If thou seekest for a monument look aro and powerful people, and never cease from thee." 13. My first and second are the name of an ing- My third is the last syllable of an Engi lish monarch, the third of his name, whose poet and moralist who lived in Queen Anne character was nothing but a complication of reign. vices. He waded through the blood of his My whole is the name of a novelist vi, nearest relations to the throne; was cruel, his day, was considered one of the first ra mean, detested, and detestable. His usurped His talents were not known until late in 1i throne was, however, soon snatched from him for he was above fifty when he published by a formidable competitor; and this sovereign first novel. This celebrated man died in th being killed on the field of battle, his rival was year 1761. proclaimed king. 14. The queen of an English monarch noted as being the handsomest man of his time, but a was bloody and cruel, greatly addicted to pleasure, and whose reign was short and tyrnInnlit Her mother married, first, a duke, and, after his death, a private gentleman. This ,lqueen daughter of the latter. She was a widow at the time she was fortunate enough to attracth attention of the ]ring, her first husband having been mortally wounded in battle. The first inta view between the lovely young widow and the monarch took place in a forest, where, waiting f him as he returned from hunting, she threw herself at his feet, and intreated him to restore h children's inheritance, of which they had unjustly been deprived. She gained her suit, and, wi it, the heart of her sovereign, who first married her privately, and afterwards publicly ac0e ledged her as his wife. This queen survived her royal husband, and lived until the reign of sovereign who married her eldest daughter ; by him she was confined in a convent, where died. The maiden name of this queen contains 18 letters. The 2, 15, 17, 16, 7, make a French town. The 13, 1, 17, 9, 3, an Indian town. The 9, 5, 16, 17, 7, a German town. The 14, 5, 16, 2, 5, 13, 11, 17, 3, 1 The 5, 6, 11, a Russian town. Spanish town.
5,.4AGAGIVAhIM ATIC SQUARE. first is a characteristic of Satan; take off cad, and place it last, and I am wicked; off my head again, and place it last, and I a tributary of the river Don, in Russia ; take off my head and place it last, and I man's Christian name. Place each of separately under each other, and I form a e conaining 16 letters, which may be read ards or across with the same result. I6.-READING PUZZLE. ITr'Y CONCEIT OF THE SEVENTEENTH CENTUY.
That hgo ldoth at's ed by one whose I fear 2wed ward -- lost Says " No." my Find slight regard 17.--CHARADE. not in heaven, but earth me owns; e not our queens, yet am found in their throncs ; st not for gold, yet the ruby shall shine lendent for ever with poor aid like mine. ity through me no end shall behold, ages, though countless, remain as untold. 18.-ENIGMA. e, Sophocles, be seated on your throne, you aill then my nearer influence own. times primeval, e'en in Adam's days, force attracted Sol's most potent rays; e't not for me, the dew, the snow, the hail, Snot descend within the mundane pale aigs terrestrial. This power of mine as the lead to sink a sounding line; oe the sea's replete with dead men's bones, many jewels lost the ocean owns.
God hung the stars in'the firmament on high, But I now hold them glittering in the sky. The sun, the moon, celestial powers combined, Shine by my power. The wandering comets kind By my near influence in their orbits keep; And suns descending bid the worlds to sleep. AErolites and shooting stars, too, own My power to bring them to this orb alone. I wield the instrument of death in France, I help the graceful maiden polkas dance. The body sinks by me within the tomb, But noble souls in Paradise shall bloom; Those souls alone resist my powerful sway, And soar aloft to realms of endless day. 19.-MATHEMATICAL QUESTIONS. 1. How many marbles worth a shilling for 150 should be given in exchange for 7 cricket- balls which are worth 41. 6s. per dozen ? 2. A gentleman wishes to inclose a circular playing-field of just one acre for his boys. What should be the length of the cord, one end of which is fixed, with which to describe the circle ? 3. During the holidays a donkey is tethered to a stake in the centre of the field by a rope 19$ yards long; how much of the playground will he be able to graze over ? 4. The ages of two brothers are, together, 17 years; and their difference, multiplied by the greater, is one more than their sum multiplied by three times the less. What are their ages ? 5. The diagonal of a rectangular playground is 50 yards, and one of the sides is 10 yards longer than the adjoining one. Find the size of the playground. 6. At a juvenile party there were twice as many ladies as gentlemen; but after five of the latter had left, together with their sisters (one apiece), there were three times as many ladies as gentlemen. How many were there of each at first? 7. A bullet is discharged from a small cannon with an initial velocity of 100 feet per second, at an elevation of 45 deg. Find the distance to which, on the parabolic theory, it will proceed, the time of flight, and greatest height attained. ANSwERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 91 and 92.) 1. A drowning man will catch at a straw. To be read-A drowning M-AN will catch A-T a straw. 2. Co-nun-drum-Conundrum. 3. Cord-doe-van-Cordovan. 4. Drum-head-Drumhead. 5. Grave-yard-Graveyard.
20.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. My first old Timothy loves to tap, I figure in many a dainty dish, And pats his paunch as he drains the sap. From garden or baker, with meat or fish. The goat and the ram enjoy the game, My third is devoted to "sobersides," And the marksman hits with steady aim. And drunkards delight in my flowing tia. My first and second all children love My whole on the meadows or shaven lan, With the staff below and me above. Like golden showers, their face adorn. 21.-ILLUSTRATED PROVERB. S t 22.-PICTORIAL CHARADE. My first is weakest-strongest- Where the amber-prisoned fly in Then the weakest once again; Perfume nature's tribute paid. Dying soonest, living longest, My third its wing-like arms upreara Raised with care to end in pain. Casts a pleasing umbrage down. My second find with apples lying, United, all my three appearing, When the luscious pie is made; Name an English country town. 19 M1 635