1. NUMERICAL CHARADE. Ii
In my 4,11, 3 an animal you'll see ; my 6, 4·, 5, 13 α measure will be ; my 1, 5, 6, 8 is what you're not I hope ; my 4, 2, 3, 7 is whero lives tho Pope ; my 6, 7, 5,4, is what tho Herald is not ; my 12, 11, 9, 10 is what you oft see drop; my 14, 7, 9, 10; 7 a large river is, which yon'll find runs tlirough Paris; in 5, 8,14 an animal you'll view ; in 8, 9, 10 what I hope you will not do ; of 14 letters my whole is composed ; and a splendid tale in it you'll see disclosed. Thomas Marshall. * 2. CHARADE. I went to my whole and told my tale, Alas ! my sorrow did not avail ; But my whole has said to my first he'd come, Accordingly ho to my home came home ; "We told him my second on Christmas night, Comes forth and keep us in dreadful fright ; My whole lay in wait for a week or twain, And lived at my first, but never again Did my second appear, ho my dwelling forsook, And so did my whole, who went off with the cook. Maithew Yoono. PICTORIAL REBUS. What two poets does the above represent ? 3. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. This is here and I am gone ; my first is drear, my second bright and clear. 1. Some call bim tbis, and us convince, They don't know how to style a prince. 2. The master sitting on his stool, Oft sets this task to boys at school. 3. I am not far. From whore you are. 4. A well-known place in ancient days, When poets wrote their tuneful lays. 5. The 'Varsity crews were this, I ween, A finer race has ne'er been seen. 6. My proper place is on the floor, Ov cov'ring up one o'er and o'er. BOWJESSAMURR. 4. DECAPITATION. I am a word that means tho rising ; But if of head bereft, A word that means to smell, you'll see, Is what then will be left ; 'Behead acain, and then I know, A coin is left behind ; Again behead, and then transpose, And a number you'll find. Fred. W. Shipley. I W T
5. ENIGMA. To you it may be no surprise, To have me often in your eyes ; I may be seen most everywhere, In tho street or in tho square ; Through the window I oft fly, And upon tho carpet lie ; Upon a bed I oft do rest, Yet strango to say, I'm ne'er undressed ; To be always а-resting is my desire, And I may be often seen beneath a fire ; On shelves and frames I love to stop, But I oft get a clout that makes me Imp ; Water is about my greatest foe, For it very often lays me low. F. W. S. PICTORIAL REBUS. ú, Ohm What prize winner's name is written abovo ? 6. CHARADE. My first in tho name of my whole (a street) ; I go to my second in hope to meet, My first to my eecond, too, frequently goes, And talks to me afterwards—nobody knows ; "We stroll down my whole of an afternoon, Lamenting that holidays pass so soon. Matthew Young. Answers to the above will appear in No. 57.