PUZZLES. CHARADE.
My first is a country wagon; My second is a native of North Britain; My whole is the lining of part of a room. ENIGMA. My first is in sorrow, but not in joy; My second's in plaything, but not in toy; My third is in orange, but not in plum; My fourth is in finger, but not in thumb; My fifth is in gas, but not in lamp ; My sixth is in mildew, but not in damp; My whole is an article used every day, Its home's in the sea, so wise people say. GEOGRAPHICAL LETTER. MY DEAR (town in Connaught), I am staying at (watering-place in Sussex), and yestcr- day had a (town in Somerset). I bought a (river in South Africa), and threw the (town in Isle of Man) at a (county in Ireland) floating in the sea; I met (town in Italy), (county in Wales). I (loch in Scotland) to see you once (Ben in Scotland). Mother has bought me a (State in America); it is (sea near China) striped with (forest in Germany). (Cape in New Zealand) Your loving friend, POLLIE (island off Tasmania). NUMERICAL PUZZLE. My whole is a fragrant plant; My 4, 7, 3 is a small vessel; My 3, 5, 7, 6 is the tone of a wild beast; My 1., 2, 6 is to spoil; My 4, 2, 8 is sweet stuff. NAMES OF TOWNs ENIGMATICALLY EXPRESSED. 1. To be conducted; to conceal. 2. Minute grains of stone ; to have in possession. 3. To be victorious; to be able; a measure of weight. 4. Unrestrained ; a covering. 5. Not up; a light touch; a pile of hay. 6. A colour; a small piece of water. CnRPTOroAPrI. Szip ! szip; gsv with wl yzip, Yvttzih ziv xlnrmt gl gldm Hlnv lm mzth zmw hlnv rm izth, Zmw hlnv rm evoevg tldmh. HISTOnICAL SCENE.-A king celebrated for his courage and skill in war, is crossing the Adriatic Sea with an army of thirty thousand men to help some people who have implored his assistance. Though opposed in battle by the most renowned soldiers in the world, he at length gains a bloody battle. When congratulated by those whom he bad befriended, he exclaims: " If we gain one such victory more, we are undone." Name the kintg and people. SINGLE AcnosTIc.-The initials read downwards form the surname of a Queen :- 1. A great warrior of this century. 2. A rain-shield. 3. A motive-power of the present day. 4. A discoverer. 5. A State which took its name from a Quaker. 6. That which constitutes a man's best policy.