PUZZLE PAGES. ENIGMAS.
576. TV w HIT is that which wanting it would leave m VV you in utter gloom, and darkness, and he discomfort, yet having it would but increase ol your worry and annoyance a thousandfold ? T 577. w I walked out specially to get a certain thing; se I was glad when I obtained it; yet no sooner as did I get it than I found it impossible to endure so it, and so I walked home quickly to get rid of it. a] 578. u What is that which was made long ago and eC never will be again ; it took twenty years to form y it, and yet we find it in almost every nursery ? 579. I live for most part in the dark, being seldom permitted to see the light. I am not an animal; I am not a bird. I am not a zoophyte, neither am I a vegetable, yet I am invariably classed among "plants." I have neither leaves, nor branches, nor flowers, yet I have a stem and roots also, and I grow. I am often transplanted, and if properly nourished will quickly take root. Though myself never used, that which I pro- duce is in constant demand, and is well known to the doctor, the chemist, or the cook, to all of whom, indeed, I am indispensable. My offspring also occupies an important place at table, where it is in daily and constant requi- sition. 580. 1 What is that which we often knit, and always without needles; we cannot knit them singly, i we must knit two at once; we only knit them t to be undone, and yet we neither cut nor ravel them ? 581. What is that belonging to you which a pretty girl is sure to take, yet though she takes it she never really possesses it, and though you freely give it yet you never really part with it ? You may give it and she may take it without being conscious she has taken it; when conscious she has done so it generally affords her pleasure, and yet she would not have it for the world, nor could she without inflicting an irreparable iujury upon you; and, paradoxical enough, we question if you would part with it even for the sake of the prettiest girl in Europe. 582. We are known over all parts of Britain; our colours are various-blue, white, and bronze.
We are seen in many a cottage-garden and in many a noble parterre as well, yet we are never heard save in the immediate vicinity of a grand old town in one of England's eastern counties. There we have dwelt for many years, and are well known to all, though few indeed have ever seen us. We occupy a high position in the world, and yet we care no more for the peer than for the peasant, and never outer into society, although you might reasonably expect to find us social, for our chief object in life is to gather crowds around us. We never stir abroad, and yet we take frequent and violent exercise, and invariably weary out our attendants in our service; we never go to sleep, and yet it is a constant saying about us that we oft " awake." Though destitute of one particle of religion ourselves, yet we frequently remind others of their sacred duty, and invariably take an active part in all religious feasts and festivals, at none of which, however, do we personally attend, though never far distant. In fact, like the finger-post, we rather "point the way, we never go ourselves." All creeds would be alike to us, and indeed our brothers are used by the votaries of all creeds, yet for our own part we most de- cidedly declare ourselves to be High Church. 583. I bear the name of a celebrated divine and sacred writer. Though born in England, I am known over all parts of the civilised world; I s am known also to thousands in the South Sea Islands, Asia, Africa, and Arabia. By all of a them I am highly valued and appreciated, as I well as by the great majority of the Christian world. Perhaps with the exception of Christ Himself there is none other whose character Y and sayings are so well known or so universally e recognised as my own. Yet considered in a Y different light I am an object of pain and dis- U comfort to thousands of individuals, so that g they are often glad to expend both money and e ingenuity in trying to rid themselves of my pre- , sence, yet in most instances I refuse to depart, 1, and I reign over all their movements with the ýe most relentless tyranny. I prevent them from 'e joining in any active out-door amusement; and 1e when they walk abroad I am sure to accompany them and make my presence so felt as to deprive them of the enjoyment they might otherwise derive from beholding the beauties of Nature. e. Individuals in all the chief towns of Europe,
Australia, and America have made my extirpa- tion their chief study and pursuit. Their calling is recognised under a new name, and now ranks among the list of acknowledged and legitimate professions ; but for most part my stubborn and implacable nature refuses to yield to their arts, and all they can do is to endeavour to appease for awhile my most tyrannical and relentless inflictions. 5S4.-NAUTICAL NUTS TO CRACK. I have a fleet of vessels at sea, all loaded with merchandise of various kinds, and fulfilling some of them strange posts. If you are an ex- perienced navigator on the mighty world's ocean you may perhaps have seen even one or two of the flotilla, and can, maybe, call over a few of their names. One is devoted to the service of the monarch, and bears the impress of his dignity. Another, a very useful boat in its way -none more so-bears rather a contemptuous epithet. A third carries only men of very high rank, with all the rights, dignities, and more substantial wealth accruing to them. A fourth conveys their spouses, fine women, grand dames most of them, though tracing their origin all of them to Saxon ancestresses who were good to the poor. A fifth takes out artisans of all kinds and callings, and designates their labours for them. A sixth bears cavalry, no distinction being made between good and bad riders. A seventh carries those folks who can't stand alone, but must have somebody to share their joys and sorrows, profits and losses, with them; this vessel is very uncertain in its voyages, and not always to be depended on. An eighth is much maligned by people who are addicted to all the soft places of earth; but those who have profited by the uses of adversity, and have made passages by her, don't utterly abuse her, nay, some even value her. A ninth conveys those much-to-be-pitied individuals who are in- trusted with all the cares and troubles, and but little of the profits, of other people's affairs; this vessel, I confess, is not at all popular, and with some reason. The tenth takes out all the world's scholars to her various schools; she is proverbially a slow boat, and makes long pas- sages, but one of the safest on the line. The eleventh is a little Eden, for it bears all those who love each other, irrespective of rank, con- nection, or distance. It is followed by the twelfth, the biggest vessel in the service, which takes in all people allied to each other by affinity-I can't say much, I am sorry to say, generally of its/harmony-but it gets along after its own fashioi. , The thirteenth and last is the most vexatio s ,nd irritating boat in the service, for it is no imore to be depended on thane
of wind, and I vow I would stop its running altogether, but that even as it is it won't hold a quarter of the people who want to go by it. Sometimes it makes as good a voyage as heart could wish, and perhaps the very next time it is months, even years, on the voyage ; nay, it has been known to return without reaching port at all. And now tell me some of the names of my vessels; they are not entered at Lloyd's, so it is no use looking for them there. 585.-REBUS. Reverse myfirst, and you will find A thing some people dearly prize: It is not anything we see, But to gain it you need not be Or great, or good, or wise. Now place it in its proper way, And say there is a stain or spot, Or in your copybook a blot; This imp is such a wilful wight, It always contradicts with spite, And tells you it is NOT. Double the final of my first, And add the end, unchanging, Of present participles, too, And thus my second gives to view Four-fifths of everything. My third is a delicious dish,, Although the Mussulmans and Jews, Whatever they may feel or wish, To eat it will refuse. A town and county you will see, My ewhole will quickly form, And, more to bring it to your mind, Rich laces in it you will find, And gloves and stockings warm. 586.-REBUS. A royal title; God's best gift to man; that which absorbs our attention; the force which is England's bulwark; a feminine name and the heroine of a celebrated novel; the place where the best toffee is made; the reverse of young; a masculine name once borne by a King of France; a tyrant's argument; a naval em- blem; the Italian for Louis; a royal masculine name; that which all men ought to be. The initials form a title, thefinals express the popa- lar feeling for its bearer. ANSWERS TO CmLRADES, &e. (Pages 150,151, and 152.) 564. Ferry-boat. 565. Hair. 566. Oliver Cromwell. To be read-0live-er C-row-M well. 567. Tears. 568. Meg-Mer-ri-lies. 569. Pocket-money. E). 8e-irate-rate-ate.