PUZZLE PAGEIS. 571.--CHARADE.
INTElr and Spring fell out one day, 'Twas a frequent occurrence I may - 'For they came so close on each othe That they found a reement was alms Winter complained Spring came bes (Invading his rights) his season was " I intend ;" quoth he," to make a s And gravely take the matter in hand For what: ith late autumns and early And all-such very obnoxious things, .I can hardly tell what my season she .And a serious matter it is to me, For Autumn trespasses late and lon And the power of her suns is soil 'That in vain I let loose the equinox In gales that should shako the strong I cannot cope with her warmth and Scarce can I bite o'en the tenderest And when I have fairly packed her o And set in for the season of cold and
And am really beginning to think all's right, Out comes your sun and bothers me quite! Then my first, that I laid with so much care O'er valley and meadow, everywhere Melts in the rays and disappears In a perfect torrent of gloomy Lears. Cannot you keep to your own domain? So small is my rule, and so short :my reign, I cannot afford to be trenched upon, So away with you all I from my path begone I I am going to send a heavy fall Of myfirst, and then on the top of all My minister, active Jack Frost, will Jay An icy barrier on every way, So firm and fast that I may defy The fickle wills of both sun and sky !" The grumbling old monarch then withdrew To his icy fastness, for well he knew That delicate Spring had no power to break THis fetters on hill, or sieadow, or lake; He had barred her out with Ibis icytchain; Her servant the sun-ray lookel in vain For blossom and blade, every bud and cup, In icy prisons were fast lockedpp. Poor Spring was grieved, for her children fair In their earthy tombs were buried there. She longed to adorn her in flowery wreath, But her blossoms lay hidden my first beneath. So at last in despair to Winter she flies, With outstretched bands, and tears in her eyes. "Loosen, 0 mighty king I" said she, "The chains that bar my children from me I!
Not mine, 0 monarch, the wish to tr On the slightest path of your realms But so uncourteous you will not be To a lady, surely, and grudge to me My early violets, primroses pale; I have not a bud- to fasten my veil; I vow I was never so meanly dressed Great monarch behold a damsel dist The old king heard in his gloomy lai And smiled with glee at her humble "Fair mistress," said he, "a court Grants to a lady each possible thing I cannot release your subjects yet; But lest for your wonted charms you I'll send you a feather from my bird That rivals in beauty your fairest bl So the gallant old fellow sent a gale To carry my second to fasten her v Light as the downiest feather itdell, And Springwith its beauty wasplease That as time went on and her reign d She fashioned my whole all secretly; To my second in form and shape'two While the hue of my fist it did also Then she sent the delicate, fragile t A messenger fair to the stern old ln And ever since, as all legends say, Winter and Spritig passed on their With peaceful steps, and loved each Like a sister fair and noble brother, And my cwhole, of their alliance a se Flourished and grew like a bloom di
I 572.-CHARhDE.
child, I, tell you all the: tale., often told before;: , hoargracOios lord,#tfkind !htea at oar. door, son his way tooYArda the Coast, on he was.fojce4d to~fly isthe bitter Boqp hoadch:rsr, o set themselVBs.eQ ,1i.jg i. ontupon their #&ing boasts'! sirow tern can9 ablo4t ss the gallant dPIyjers ierabbl hhost-d4 e9ut.
- - N
goro him all we had to give, crnut of barley-bread ; olast of a long line of kings, as humbly was he fed.. courtly page or servitor ong his band was reckoned; yonder well of wate, p.e crred him in my seconrd. tthere it stands on yonder shelf ; meaner lip shall e'er coe the brim a, king asa.lissed ith such a courtly air. took my second in his hand- 'Good dame I praise your spring, reh a sparkling draught as this sworthy of a king. ge your health, my'bonny dame, , bymy royal crown, 1i meet again when fortune sends k ing to take his own l" rglandsire standing by the door {The tears were in his eye), 'l, "Heaven bless our gracious liege, d right him speedily I" Shorse I to horse I the- eve is dark, W. should be on the rogd,
Well, .child, your grandsire was not rich, A yeoman hold and true, Who'd dwelt upon his father's farm, As then folks used to do; ]3at braver heart ne'er beat beneath A courtier's silk and laoe ; For Church and King iho stood unmoved Both,in and out ofplace. And he had sufferod fol his cause, So we were'every poor That day our gracious mona c, camne An'dlighted at the door.
Uneasy ways a king must tread When rebels are abroad !" Then out they brought the horses tlwcroe And low your grandsire knelt To hold my first as he did mount (How proud the.good man felt I) " I'll make you Master of the Horse When I come to Whitehall!" The king said ai be rode away, Quite loud before them all. Alack ! the Restoration came, The king enjoyed his own, But in the churchyard long before Your grandsire,was laid down, And for awhile my thoughts were set 4Aone.on better tlhin.gs; I took but little note of all The state and change of kings, Till once, as I was at the door, A gallant train passed by, And i. the midst the king himself I quickly did espy. Most gracimusly ibe lighted down And asked how we had' sped, And really seemed most mighty grieved To hear my Ralph was dead.
"But grief brings no man back," quoth he, " So dame put by your tears, , And turn your face once more on life, You are but young in years I Come up and see her majesty, She'll bid you welcome too; We'll quaff my second full of wine, And toast the times we knew I" He mounted on his gallant roan, Gay pages bore the rein, A mighty lordling held myfirst, Poor Ralph might ne'er again. "Go fill my second, dame !" he cried, "From yonder sparkling spring; For you shall bring my wowle once more To pledge your rightful king I"
ITO 573.-HISTORICALC PUZZLE.
574.-SANCHO PANZA'S PROVERBIAL PUZZLES. We journeyed well upon our way, Our course begun at break of day; By noon one half was Safely passed, By night our journey done at last. I. After its angry strife, the ocean Sinks once more to a rest complete; The storm that roused it into motion Subsides, and comes a respite sweet, That seems to breathe a healing balm, A heavenly rest, unbroken calm I m. And has my love no flower to.day, No rose to deck her hair ? Must those soft locks without a stay Float o'er a neck so fair ? Heaven grant no thorn enJuije pray ! /1% 4 y' '
He drained it up, and to the bri- Filled up with good red gold, And with a kindly smile gave ba Unto my trembling hold. "Farewell, good dame, and many Be sure you come to courtI" Then with his train rode on again To join the hunting sport. I never saw his gracious face Again; but treasured dear, My second has on yonder shelf Been kept for many a year. His princely gift restocked the fa Heaven rest his princely soull It is not every one can say They gave a king my wheol.
575.-PUZZLE. A shepherd possessing a hundred a fold for them made of fifty he bought a hundred more sheep, and r fold to be double the size. Wha smallest number of hurdles that wyS of the dimensions he needed? ANswiRS To CHARADES, ETC.(P and 76.; 558. Apple-pie. 559. Look. 560. Cardinal Wolsey. 561. Sesostris. 562. He who fights and runs away May live to fight another day To be read- He who fights and ran-s a May live to fight an other da 568. Hair-pin.