PUZZLE PAGES. 429.-CHARADE.
HE was sent for my first, and the money si had Enough for a pair had been reckoned; But the weather of late had been stormy at bad, And she found that my frst was my scrad, So she purchased but one, and then honen as fleet As my second, with ribbons a-flutter, She tripped, ever daintily lifting her feet, Lest my first should be soiled inthe getter, But my wtole, riding by, chanced this maiden -. to see, And Love's dart through his breastplate it smote him; Tc He swore by myfirst she my second shoulde, And vowed to her love he'd devote him, But she cruelly slighted the vows of my whcole- Tool: no heed of his suing and sighing- And told him his sorrowful heart to console, For she had " other fish to be frying."
430.-ENIGMA. I am a cheerful little thing, Rejoicing in the heat; Whether it come from sea-coal fire, Or log of wood, or peat. Again, I love a sunny day In park or grassy field, Where 'neath my banner man and youth Their utmost prowess wield. And there they stand with ready arm, Unflinching every one; Their only aim to prove themselves "A Briton to the bone !" 431.-CHARADE. No land but where my first has been, However far or near; My next a preposition is, As soon I'll make most clear. My third's a fearful scourge indeed Where'er it may be found; And every nation may full well With dread regard the sound. Mly so7Leoe guards well our lovely isle From foe or treacherous friend, And ever may its welcome aid Victoria's throne defend I
432.-CHARADE. Myfirst sailed over the deep blue sea, And a right, right gallant man was he; In fair and in foul of wind and of tide, He and Duty were side by side. My second showed on my first's brave face, Adding a manlier, bolder grace; 'Twas pleasant on such a frank brow to look Open and clear as the leaves of a book. At a ball of the wealthy, the noble, and fair My whole was comme il faut to wear; For the Royal Princes the fashion set, And wore it in red, green, yellow, and jct. 433.-ENIGMA. I'm high and I'm low, I'm up and I'm down; I'm used by the boys In country and town, I mostly am thick, Very rarely am thin; Sometimes I walk out, Sometimes I walk in. I'm often put on, And often put off; But hold! I have done-- I've told you enough.
434.--ENIGMIA. fasten the hair of the maiden fair, With silken meshes I twine, ut a good fat hare for the poacher I snare In these crafty links of mine. y filmy folds round the beauty fall; I form fichn, sleeve, or veil; d with softer grace I circle the face When age has made it pale. he air and earth are of equal worth, Or the depths of the rolling sea, or my toils I lay o'er all sorts of prey; They are all alike to me. y size and shapes are manifold To suit what you may require; am made of cotton, flax, silk, and wool, Of rope, twine, hair, and wire. The finny spoil of the fisher's toil I bring from the mighty main, d the bright.winged fly, as it soars on high, I trap in my folds again. our cabbage or dumplings are boiled in me, Your lemons are hung to dry; ransposo me, and you will at once behold The decimal number am I. 435.-CHARADE. y Lady Jane had called for my first, And the curtains, cosy and warm, lowed red in the twilight, shutting out The sight of the thick snowstorm. o little boys with my second played, With the help of my Lady Jane, dan ivory ball; and they missed and laughed, Then tried the trick over again. at myfirst is ready, my second waits, On the ground all the playthings roll; ni the children, tired out with their game, Are taking my first from my zohcole. 436.-ENIGMIA. Green am I in spring, Late in summer yellow; in the autumn red, When the days grow mellow. You may on me read; You may on me write; Green, red, yellow, though I am, I am always white. Wrinldo not my face, Let me live in clover; Look, but handle not; Yes, you may turn me over 1
437.-CHARADE. Slow upriseth the silver moon; Annie and I should be going soon, But we care not my first what people say, Let us out a little longer stay. To gaze at my second is so sweet, As we hear the grass crunch under our feet. Oh, who would prefer a squeezing throng, And a blaze of gas, and a miscalled "song?" Well, I have got to my bed at last, And the god of dreams is upon me fast, And I sink to sleep with contented soul, Quietly watching the holes in my whole. 43S.-ENIGMA. A pronoun place between two nouns, Of letters only three, But very useful at the doors Of high and low degree. Cut off the tail of something cold, And I must take its place; Then put two thirds of that which joins, My whole will show his face. In a few years I wish that I May have that face to show, When I shall strive a place to gain Amongst a learned row. 439.-CHARADE. 'Twas morning when my first my next began; My whole came on, and roused bird, beast, and man. ANswERS TO CHARADES, &c. (Pages 1S2, 1S3, and 184.) 404. Quicksand. 405. 1. Ray. 2. Sole. 3. Ling. 4. Maid. 5. Plaice. 6. Thornback. 7. Cedling. S. Crab. 9. Pike. 10. Smelt. 11. Brill. 12. Carp. 13. Shark. 14. Seal. 15. Skate. 16. Jack. 17. Whiting. 1S. Perch. 19. Herring. 20. Dace. 21. BarbeL 22. Flounder. 406. SPEaR. Pears-Rape-Reap-Pare- Apes-Peas-Ears -- ase - Sear-Rasp-As p -Par-Rap-Rep-Sap-Are-Parse. 407. Sun-dow. 408. ExnIA--SnVYNx. EyeS-NaP-IrisIl -GaY-MaN-AnneX. 409. " Benedict knew by the hob-nailed boots it was Basil the blacksmith." 410. Snail-Nail-Ail. 411. A-betting - N-circling - D-riding - M-barking. 412. Because it stirs up a smouldering fire. 413. Because it is uncoloured.
440.--POETICAL PUZZLE. nri - z~ LCp
441.-ENIGMA.
Upon me sat a dandy fine, With his eternal drawling whine, In buckskins white, and leather tops, Why was I made to seat such fops ? It was my doomed unlucky fate, At Ascot, betwixt eight and eight, To hear the twaddle o'er and o'er Of Lord Dundrearies by the score. Yet stay, ta'en in another sense, I have a pleasanter pretence ; BMade use of by four pretty girls, All gems and flowers, scent and curls. For Mlaster Tom I've got a cake, And lots of apples and hardbake,
With many a coloured sugar-stick, The which I trust will make him oil,. He likes me snugly stored away, To sneak to in the hours of play; Yet when misconstruing, I fear, He wouldn't like me on his ear. Ah, well! no longer can I prate; Go to the Haymarket at eight, Theatre Royal, there you'll see Buclistone will make you roar at me. Or if till Christmas-tide you stay You'll hear of me by night and day; Then I with thumps, knocks, rings m in You'll sicken at the very sound !
442.--TWO PICTURED PARZTICIPLES. / // -
443.-CHARADE. From my first doth my dread whole fly, And unless I have wrongly reckoned, If we chanced to get into its way, It would blow you and me to my second.
444.-CHARADE. 'My first is a part of speech; My second a part of yon; My whole is a part of old London Bridga, And a part of Westminster nei
CONUNDRUM. 445.--If M. Soyer were about to purchase a dog, what species would you recýC-- to him ?