PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
AY has come at last, and, if the old pro- verb is true, should have plenty of floral trea- sure, for we have had March winds and April showers in profusion. SMarch went out like a roaring lion with very heavy gales, and April poured down her contribu- tions as if the rose had come off the watering pot. So if we es- cape frosts in the early part of May we may expect a rare show in the gardens. In my initial letter you will see I have a lark's nest between two lilies, the typical flowers of the month, with a merry party round a Maypole in the distance. In the " I " are The Twins, the Zodiacal sign of the month, and a sprig of hawthorn, or May, as it is called, though it seldom blooms before the middle, and sometimes not till the end of the month. The blackthorn is gene- rally earlier, but there is none about here, so I don't know whether it has flowered yet. The hedges were white with it in France when I went over for my Easter holiday, but then France (though Normandy lies scarcely more south than we do) seems quite a month ahead of us. I saw peas coming into bloom in the garden of my old friend, the Abbd, which was bright with starch hyacinths, anemones of all colours, wallflowers, peri- winkles, Chinese primroses, and a lot of others, that made it look quite summerlike. I suppose I must not give you very hard work this time in consideration of its being the flowery month, when you will all be
anxious to go picking nosegays. I shall begin with a puzzle about something that I am afraid you will meet with pretty often in the garden :- (A.) LOGOGRIPHE. I am a word of eleven letters, signifying a creeping thing. My I, 2, 3, is a domestic animal, and my i, o0, 5, 4, is what destroyed it ; my 5, 2, 6, is what you give it when it steals my 6, io, 3, which was meant for breakfast, or my i, o0, 5, 6, the fish your brother caught. Still, as long as it will catch my 5, 2, 3, a quadruped, you will not complain, but let it 9, 4, 2, 6, (a verb of motion) into your 9, 2, 6, which is a comfortable seat for it. It is very useful about 6, 9, 10, i, 4, which is a locality, so you will S, 4, 3, which means to permit, the poor thing have enough to 4, 2, 3, which means to consume. Bring it some food in 6, 8, 2, 3, 4, which is a receptacle, and do not ii, 10, 3, 4, that is to say, scold it, unless it happens to 4, II, 5,-and we all do wrong at times. It is not so mischievous as my io, 6, 4, which is another animal, and will steal my 6, 4, io, i1, a fruit (when it is II, 7, 6, 4, that is, ready to pick) just as a thief will steal from my 3, 7, 8, 9, where money is kept. You must be careful to lock your clothes up, for he will i r, 7, 6, that is tear, your i, 2, 6, 4, which is part of your walk- ing costume, or knot up all your 3, 10, 6, 4, or binding, in a tangle, for which crime he should iI, 4, 2, 6, or obtain punishment, such as a 3, 2, 6, not a heavy blow, with a cane. This is rather a gossipy sort of logogriphe, but I think that will help you to find it out the more readily. If you can't discover it here, go and search for it among the plants. He is one of our garden enemies, like the snails. When I was a boy I knew some funny lines about snails- "Ye little snails with slippery tails That noiselessly travel along the gravel." That's all I can remember; and though I have often tried since to find out where the lines are, I have never succeeded. Perhaps some of my Pilgrims may know them. I am next going to set you a seasonable puzzle in Picture language.
PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. __ ' - "
The two whole words here form a festival, which used to be kept up in the country, but has gone out of fashion, like so many of the pretty old fashions. It seems a pity, but I suppose the truth is that English people don't know how to use a holiday altogether, and so where there are no exhibitions or gardens to visit, they are apt to get into scrapes and make themselves uncomfortable instead of happy. The French are more easily satisfied. I could hardly help laughing when I went to the Easter Monday ftce at a little village near Dieppe. What do you think the dissipation of the ffte consisted in ? There were two or three cake and ginger- bread stalls, and a spinning-table where you did niot win the china figures and glass orna- ments, but if you were lucky, might get a teacup or a little tumbler. But the feature of the fair, the thing for which it was noted, was this: two or three old men had barrels of walnuts before them (oh, such dry walnuts !), with a little wooden saucer lying on each; and you paid a halfpenny and then filled your hands with nuts and dropped or threw them into the saucer, saying o0i or non/, which meant odd or even. When you had tried this as often as you liked, the proper thing to do was to lay a clean white pocket-hand- kerchief on the top of the barrel for the old man to put the nuts you had won in ! And grey-headed folk, and gaily-dressed ladies,
and young dandies came from Dieppe, a matter of four miles, to indulge in this revelry ! Wasn't it funny ? Now, I am going to give you something fresh. It is done like a square puzzle, but we will call it- (C.) AN EVERY-WAY PUZZLE. I want a square, made of three words of three letters each, so constructed that you can read them up or down, backwards or forwards, which will give you six words in addition to the three original ones. Original Words-i. Insane. 2. The past tense of devour. 3. A sombre tree. Additional Words-i. A flower. 2. Liquid diamond. 3. A fourfooted mother. 4. A Greek letter. 5. A certain measure. 6. A foreign fruit. From a Square Puzzle we naturally come to a Diamond one, so your next task shall be to solve me this.
(D.) PICTORIAL DIAMOND PUZZLE. 1. 6. 4.
The answer, perpendicular, is the beauties of Nature; the answer, horizontal, is what produces them. I think it fair to remind you that as Nos. i and 7 must be letters, they must be looked for here in words cur- tailed or decapitated; for instance, B. might be expressed as Baby with its head cut off = (Ba)B., only that would be a terrible picture, would it not ? We will now have- (E.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. How early breaks the welcome dawn, Night's sombre curtains are withdrawn, The flowers their leaves expand; How late draws evening to its close, To wrap the world in soft repose; Now summer is at hand. I. You have all of you heard of the poor young bride, Oh, the Mistletoe Bough i Who, hiding a huge oaken chest inside, Disappeared ; and they could not tell how. But she could not upraise the massive weight Of the door of the tomb where she met her fate. I I. "Now in we go ! " " Two stalls, the third row ! " " Will it be Verdi this evening or Gounod ? " "Really can't tell you, not knowing." " Do you know ? " Such is the gossip you hear where folks go, Some for the music, and others for show. III. The service is going, they say, to the dogs Now we build ships with iron instead of with logs ; But look at Ashanti- The proofs are not scanty, That our gallant Jack Tars, spite of blunders and clogs, \on't let England's old glory be lost in the fogs. IV. Blessings to the man we owe, Blessings o'er and o'er, Who makes two blades of verdure grow Where grew but one before. Now I have invented a fresh kind of puz- zle for you, something after the style of the Prevaricating Participles " and the "Verbs
in Masquerade." I think we wilal call them " Metamorphosed Substantives." In order to explain them to you, I shall have to tell you a story that is something between one of the Arabian Nights and a fairy tale, with a little dash of the Tichborne trial. There's a pretty hash for you ! Once upon a time there was a regiment of soldiers. One day they mounted their horses and went out to practise shooting. They fixed up the mark against a tree on the borders of a wood, and then each in turn rode up at a gallop to within a certain distance and fired at the target as he passed. On this occasion they had been practising for about an hour, when they heard a loud noise. Looking up, they saw a great column of smoke, which certainly was not the smoke discharged from their firearms. Presently, it grew denser and denser, and at last took the form of a gigantic Genie. He was gnashing his great teeth, and flames of fire shot from his eyes. " Vile dogs," he bel- lowed, in a voice that shook the ground, " you have slain my son !" And sure enough they had, for that promising young person had been asleep behind the tree where they had fixed the target, and was completely riddled with bullets. In vain did the unfortunate soldiers explain that the whole thing was an accident. He declared he would change them all into some horrible shape, and was just about to do so, when a beautiful lady with a large pair of butterfly wings appeared out of the wood. It was the Fairy Felicia. " You are very careless men," she said, addressing the terrified troopers, " for you have burnt several large holes in my new muslin with your nasty smouldering wads ; but I will forgive you, and I hope my friend, the Genie, if he will allow me to call him so, will let me plead for you." But it was no use! The only thing she could obtain for them was that the Genie should grant them each one wish before he changed them. Then she whispered in the ear of the first man; and he, when the Genie asked him what his wish was, said, " That I may stay what I am !"-and all the others fol- lowed his example. This would have been a poser to any one but a Genie, who had been to school in Puzzledom. " Oh ! " was all he said; " That's it, is it ? Well, I grant your wish--Carabineers you are-and Carabineers you shall remain ! " and so they did ! But they were metamorphosed all the same. Instead of a head, each had a tram- way carr, instead of a body, a corn-bin, and instead of legs, he stood on a long pair of donkey's cars ! There, now, see if you can find out these:-
METAMORPHOSED SUBSTANTIVES. 1 2 5
These are representatives of three sets of people. The first are members of a legisla- tive body; the second are destroyers of im- ages; and the third are very inferior painters. I don't know how they got metamorphosed, but perhaps the first had brought in a bill for regulating the traffic in Genies-in-bottle, the second had overthrown some Genie's idol in the Cannibal Islands, and the third had painted an unsatisfactory portrait of some distinguished Genie, and then ex- hibited it at the Royal Academy. I shall next take you to the Charade De- partment, and give you to begin with- (G.) A CHARADE. It was a gallant Volunteer, And he went forth to shoot; He always went the bull's-eye near, And hit it thrice to boot; And he was clearly not the worst Who aimed his rifle at my First. And while the yards they fired were few, Upon his feet stood he; But when the distance greater grew, He knelt upon his knee; And when the widest space was reckoned, He lay down flat upon my Second. Within the hut the marker stood, To score down every shot; He signalled those whose aim was good, And those whose aim was not;- When to the bull's-eye bullets whirred, He bade the red flag do my Third. Awakened by the early spring, And taking little heed,
A poor unhappy giddy thing Went straying o'er the mead, And so got shot i Your tears control, 'Twas not a child-'twas but my Whole. After that we will try something pictorial, so here are- (H) Two PICTORIAL CHARADES. I. This is one of the early tokens of spring. SECOýD. ý, 7/ ~ O
II. This is one of the sweetest of spring war- blers. - 5 oLE .- .:
IWe will wind up with-- (I.) A SQUARE-OF-EACH-WORD PUZZLE. i. An entrance. 2. An Indian City on the Jumna. 3. A horse's pace. 4. What one does when one chews. I have now to set the essays. This time . e will have- (K.) ORIGINAL VERSE. EARLY MORNING. (I.) BLANK RHYMIE:S. SUNSET. Red. Fled. Sink. Brink. Far. Star. Shades. Glades. Now we come to the lists of solutions and of correct guessers :- SOLUTIONS. A. Double Acrostic :-Foolish errands. F amin E. o ffice R. O yster R. L lam A. I llusio N. s tee D. H arnes s. B, Pictorial Proverb :-Kiss in G, G owes, Buy! Favour. Kissing goes by favour. C Diamond Puzzle :-Answer Perpendicu- lar, Soldier. Answer Horizontal, Hindoos. S. HO T. S A L A D. HINDOOS. FLIN T. TE A. R.
D. Square of each word Puzzle. OPE N. PAR E. EROS. N E S T. E. Pictorial Double Acrostic. A ncho R. P e A. R adi I. I ndia N. L adybird s. F A Basket of Early Flowers:-i. Daisy. 2. Snowdrop. 3. Primrose. 4. Celan- dine. 5. Lilac. 6. Gorse. G. Pictorial Charade :-Butt, Turk, Cup, = Buttercup. IL Blind Rhymes :-Bole, nest, sings, violets, daffodil, nook, cones, hung, bore, cry. I. Verbs in Masquerade. X, penned. A, peer. C, Cure. M, pale. B, tied. D, ducked. = Expend, Appear, Secure, Empale, Betide, Deduct. For KI and L. see answers. The following have answered all puzzles correctly :- W. A. P., Edith Budden; Princess Sheila; T. C. Hughes. The following have answered those puzzles the initials of which are appended to their names :- Edith Cadogan, A B C D E F G HI: Kittums, A B C D F F" G I ; Mabel Ellis, B C D E IF G H; Country Mouse, D E F G H; W. H. Rankine, DG GI ; Lecho, B C D F G If: Mouth and Ears, C D E F G H; Carie, B D F G H; : Ethel and Fritz Lucas, D E F G; Whilhelmina, D E F G ; Lenore. A B D DE F G; Scruffy, B D E F G H; Shepherd's Plaid and Dog and Crook, C D E F G; Corsair, A BCDE G i I; Snowdrop, G; Questions and Answer, B D E F If ; M. Hope, CD E G H; L. L. Nicholls, A BE F G Gi; Edith Mary Glover, D H; Marion Leslie, B I) G H; Drake, Duck and Pig, B CD E F G H; Fame, B D E F G; Alice Pace, G i : Punch and Judy, A B D F G H; Ursa Minor. A B CDE E ( H; Mabel Crosspatch, D F G; Doggie, B D F G : Maggie Swallow, B I) E F' G: Cat, Pug and Fudge, DI)G H; E. M. Cooper. A /I DE G HC ; Argentiexterebronides, etc., B D E G H; Woodbine, BCE G H; Emerald, B D F G; Cornubia, BCDE FG I ; Topsy, W., D E F G; Fanny Barclay, B DE F G H; H. Marshall, BE F G H; Agnes and Rebecca Storie, A D E G; Penmorva, C D E F G HI; 'ush-i-la, (; Nellie Hatton, G I ; Ariel, D E F G H; Louie, B C F) 1 1' G I L; Alice Wade, B D. G; Lilias, G H-; M. J. '. and A. D. \V., DE F G H; Bertha Nevill, BC DE F G I/; Dora M. Miller, D E G; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, B D F F G; Canary Bird, D G; J. and J. Williamson, C D E GH; Frisky, B C D F G; Marion Fox, B D E F G: The Doctor's Little Daughter, BCDE F G H I; Mossrose, B C D F G I ; Effie and Ally, DE F" G H ; Dorothy Earnshaw, B C D B F G IL; Ilfracombe Bouquet, D F G; C. J. Powell, B C D E F G H; Thedi, Daymora and Thibeer, B I) FG 11; The Red Queen, B D E F G H: Toots, B D E G; Teacup and Teaspoon, A BCDE G; Toby, BDG 1i; Amy Measor, D F G H; The Graces, B D F G i; H. S. J. V. T., B DG H; Paul and Virginia, D G I ; Severn, B C D E FC G II; Mary Fendall, BDE ; Willie Horton, A BCD H; Balbus, DE F G Ii; Menelaus, D E F G IH; Lucy Morris, A B C D F G I; Harry Hotspur, BCDE F G If ; Madge, DE FG IL; W. and J. Thomson, B C D G CH ; Colin, B D F G LH: Valentine and Daisy, D E F G I; W. Smee, B C D F G ; Minnie and Kitty Ingamells, D F 1H; Emmie, B D F G I ; Miss Chatter-
box Clack, F G i ; Nesta, F 11; Amy Ellen Stephens, B C D F F G H; : lunderbore, E F G; Amy and Constance, B C D E F G I; Maude May, B D E F G H; Jessie Robertson, B G; Ru.stic, A B C DE G Hi: Simon de Montfort, ) BE F G H ; Buttercup and Daisy, D F G; Moyola and Buskin' Burn, A B D) E F G 1-H; Constance Gibbon, B D F G ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, Db F FG HC ; Rochsavuqxe, D F G ; Puss and Peg, C H; Laura Mary Jackson, B D G H; Evelyn Cavendish, D F (; H: A. M. P., i C EL F G H; R osa Sillitoe, B' C D F G; Die Zauberflote, B D E F G H; A. and F. Humphreys, C D F G H; Emily Kate, B CD E F G H; Tweedledum, D F G H; Burhampoor, D F G H; Claude Lowe, B D G H; Tommy Bogie, A B C FD F G H; Annie Gertrude Drew, D2 G; J. K. F. Cleave, D ; Blanche, B C D I G; Alice's Oak Tree, B D F G; Lallie, Dolly, Kit and Co., D E F G H; Kitten, B 2 E lS IG H; Dharwar, B C D E F C H; Mary Hewitt, B CD F G; Heartsease, B D G H; The Brat, B C I) ' F G ; Annie Suter, G ; Luise and Janette, A B D F F G H ; The Bandersnatches, 2 DE F G If ; Kate and Mary Elgin, B CD J G H; Constance Ellis, A B C FD G; Jack and (;ill, B C DE F G ; Emma and Cousin Ann, A B C 1) F F G H; Minnie W., A BD F G H; Angelila, i) E G; Elsie Wilkins, B D)1jE F G Hi; Mabel Peake, B D F F G H; Cymro, D E F G HI ; Flue Bell and Tib, B D L F G; Poly- phemus. B D F G H; Ellen Wade, D G; Octopus, B C F G( l; Edith Lack, B C I) E FG; R. H. Whall, D. G; Three Moorland Lassies, D)E F G H; Emily Agnes, B C D E F G H; Luigia, BD F F; G1H; Honora, B I F G I; Guillaume, B D FS G i; Hans Sterk, B DE IF G; Bessie, B D E G; Fanny Hall, D E I' G I :; Gerty Emily Jones, E F G H; W. E. and J. Thornton, D E2 F G HII; Myosotis, B D F G IF ; Marie, B C D E 2F G H; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, B D F' G: Maggie Croall, C D) F1'G ; Padishah Doodeen, B C D 1 1,7 ' H; George Smitham, A B C D ES F G; Emily Rudd, F G; Agnes Rudd, F G ; Alice and Fred, B D; Lily of the Valley, BCD 2 FGI; Busy Lee, BDE F G; Maud Evelyn, CD E F G H; Dorothy, BCD E F G H Monkey, D E G; Pembroke, 2D F Gi ; Dolly Varden, Betsy Trotwood and the Marchioness, B D - F G; Hetty and Maud Comber, Dn (; 1H; Ada and Annie, AIl bD F G H; Mary Henrietta, A B C D AE F G If; Two Ashantees, D F G H2r: Poker and Tongs, AB E FG; Katie Elsworth, D G H; G. R. Gwyn, B C D H; A. M. Y., D L F G 1; Edith Emily Harris, B CD F F C If ; Lizzie C., 3 C E G; Ethel and Alfired Tribe, B C D F G I; Smoke, B CD 'F G II; Fleur de Lys, BDE F G; Darby and Joan, ; I) G; Tippytywytchett, B C FD F G ; G. F. and E. Duffield, i )D G ; Sylvia, Frank and Beatrice Bald- win, B D F CG I ; Rosebud, B F G H; Clara and Herbert, B C D '. F G I; Frank and Elsie, B' G HI; Unadilla, A B C D E F G H; Lilian and Gertrude, B D F F G; Trois Smurs, B D F G H Alice Freemantle, DE F G H; Isabella Blatch. IBD ' F G H; Wminifred Eyres, DEG GH; Dora Jones, B C )E FG HI; Erin, CDE F G II: White Mouse, i FG ;-: Ming Ping, B I) C II; Periwinkle, B D E F G H: Lillian, B DE G il ; Lallie, A. B C ) " F Gi l; Deborah Dottie, B 1) G: Weathercock, 1) F G; J. and G. Macdonald, B DE) ' G ; Kittymice, B D) : F G; M. Stephens, B D) L F G IH; Mab, C D E G Margaretta and Dora Sharpe, B D E G H; Gemini, A B E 1) 1F2' G 1 I; Nellie Macdonald, B C F) F 1" G H: Mabel Woodhouse and Maud Stanton, B C D E CF H; Dormouse, C I) F G II; Paul and Virginia. ZB D E F G; Edith and Isabel Meyrick, B C D E F G H; Widdie, B Ci F F G IH; Jumpinpg Jehosophat, A B C ) F F G I ; Coquette, B D F G; Innes, B ) ES G II ; Neddums and lBee, B C I) F G Cl ; May Tatum, I' CD iF ( H; Lucums, A B C F G HI; Three Bears, 3 C D F G IH; Winifred Sullivan, B D F GC; H; Eddie Sullivan, B' D F G H ; Mabel, D2 F ; Bescrad, 1) F G H; Jumping Jack, A 1 B C F G; Mary Paul, B D E' F G I ; Codling, B D F G H; larita, A BC D E F G HII: Ada Mason, ID; A. M, O. S., B C D F G; Ethel Allman and Cinderella, A B D Ei G HC ; Mary Power Jackson, B C A E F G H; Beatrice and Ethel Nightingale, B D F G H; Hetty and Nelly, B C D E F G H; Frisky Frank, B C D F G; Alex and Llew, A B D G II; Fridzwede, C i) E F G IH; Celestine, B C D E F C H; Adela, B D F G HI: Florence and Mary Scallon, BCD D F'G ; G. D. Sharp, B CDE' F G 11; Puck and Mary, A C D E F G H; Irish Ivy, BD 1 G I ; Jack Sheppard aid Blueskin, DE G; Sunshine, D F2 G H; Sweet Briar, C G II; Lily, Annie, and Susie Rowe, B C D I" G H; Chestnut, D E G H11; Larivaudidre and Clairette, B D E F G H; Willie Mac, D F G; Ardy, BDE F APG H; Charlie and Percie Carryer, B D G; Bud, Blossom and Berry, D) E F G II; Gertrude and Katie, B ) F G H; Umzim vooboo, D; Mabel E. Walmislev, B ) F G ; Chillianwallogodore, F ; Lalla Rookh, BD (2G H: Chim, BD J2 F; G ; Pussie Secunda, )E F G H ; Hecla, I C D E F G II; Mary Mac Ewen, BD F G ; Ella, A BDE F G H; Dorothy Tylor, AB DE F G H; Ber and Pollywog, CD E F G; Gowny, A D E F G II: Edith M. Stockley, D G; Pendragon, B C 1) F G; Laughing Gas and Little Woman, B C FD E G ; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, B D) F F GC; Lotus, B D E F G H; Minnie and Pheenie, B C D BS G; Marion Maud, B D F G l; Katie Macandrew, B D E F G IH : Mother Carey's Chickens, B D F G ; Henry C. Johnstone, G; Two Cornish Maidens, B DE F G 11; Amy and Maggie, B D B F G; Carolus, 2, DE F G H; Alice Stronach, B C D E F G H; Holly and Mistle- toe, BD ES G; Christina McDiarmid, DE F' G 1l; Orang-
outan, DE F C H; Ella and Missy, B D E F C; Wildrak, A B E F G H; Mary Blanche Hayward, A D E F G Harry Whitcombe, A ' B) E F G H; Florence Jewell, B i E F G H; J. Lovel, D E G; Aggie Wylie, B D B G ii Edmonds, Damas and Co., B D E F G; Lily Lightheart, B E G H; Redgauntlet, D G H ; Lillie, M., E F G; F. B., B D F G; Linda and Zelda, B CDEFG F . Alice, Berrington, B C D E F G H; A. Wells, B D F' G: R. D. Pr- yes. A B C D E F G H; Edith Upton, B D AS G Ida Aitken and Maggie Murray, B E G; W. and A. Shearer, B1 .F G H; Dora Jones, D F G. From (AK) "Prose Essay" I learn who are the popular historical celebrities of my pilgrims. I find Jeanne D'Arc and Henry the Eighth are first favourites, and that after them come Harold, Alfred, Elizabeth, Mary Queen of Scots, Wolsey, and h Beckett. I am not altogether satisfied with the Essays, which I arrange thus :-First Class, Hailey- burian, and Unadilla; Second, Ming Ping, Lilias, Luigia, Mouth and Ears, Kittums, Dorothy, Periwinkle, Winifred Sullivan, Princess Sheila, Mossrose; Third, Corsair, Doggie, L. L. Nicholls, Christina McDiar- mid, H. E. Upton, Pendragon, H. C. John- stone, Dorothy Tylor, Edith Lack, Pussie Secunda, Crusty Peg, Chim, Heartsease, Mary Hewitt, Dora Jones, Luise, A. M. 0. S., Dharwar, Laura Marie Jackson, The Doctor's Little Daughter, Sunshine, and William H. Rankine. The commended are Amy and Maggie, Lallie, Florence Jewell, Gemini, Thedi, Clarita, Winifred Eyres, Ada Mason, Hetty and Nelly, Rosa Sillitoe, Three Moorland Lassies, Moyola and Buskin Burn, W. A. P., Minnie Ingamells, Dorothy Dumps, and Edith Cadogan. Nearly all of these last, and a great many in the Third Class have sent mere epitomes of the lives of the cha- racters selected, which could be easily done from a history, and gives no exercise to original thought. I looked rather for com- ments on the principles and the actions of the characters, with some notice of their influence on the world's history. Twenty lines of this kind would be worth pages of dry dates, and mere summaries of events. Where a man was born and where he died cannot be so valuable as what he did between those two events, and what effect it has had on the history of mankind since. In (Z) " Unwedded Rhymes" I select W. A. P.'s verses for quotation :- A MOONLIGHT NIGHT. Come forth, my fair, my gentle maid, While silvery shine the moonbeams pale; We'll wander 'neath the chestnut's shade, And listen to the nightingale. How still and deep the shadows lie Beneath the overarching trees ; There's not a cloudlet in the sky, Nor in the air the softest breeze.
Yet often must we sadly mark, When all seems bright, with peace endowed, How swiftly rise the tempests dark, And all is lost in storm and cloud. In the First Class come Gemini, Winifred Sullivan, and Eddie Sullivan. In the Second, penmorva, Heartsease, Lallie, and Ardy must count; and in the Third, Ursa Minor, Louie, H. S. J. V. T., Madge, Marta, M. Stephens, Mab, Mary Blanche Hayward, Alice Berrington, and Alice Stronach. The commended are Mouth and Ears, Dorothy Dumps, A. M.. P.; Tommy Bogey, Emily Kate, Three Moorland Lassies, Mary Hen- rietta, Edith Lack, Unadilla, Trois Sceurs, Dora Jones, Adela, Pendragon, Puck and Mary, and Wills. The number in this and the Third Class is large, which proves that I am right in thinking that altogether the verse essay this time has been hardly as well done as usual. Coming to my letters, I must thank a number of little friends for flowers that come like messengers of the approaching spring. There was in an early number of the " Corn- hill Magazine " an essay, that I remember with great pleasure ; and in one passage the writer says that, just as a poor prisoner kept for many years in the Bastille begged for some news of his wife if it were only her name on a card, so when shut up in London he longed for news of nature if it was but her image in a leaf. My kind little pilgrims keep me constantly in mind of the country by enclosing me these sweet blossoms. I have at last, with some few exceptions, where I could not trace addresses, or read signatures, sent off all the photos I promised, and have had them acknowledged. I wish all the little friends I sent to had done as some have done who sent me their cartes in return. To many who think they would know me from my picture and wish to see me, I am afraid I can only say that much as I should like to see them, I am something like an old horse in a mill, bound to go round and round the same path, till the harness is taken off at night. M. F. B.- indeed any who care to do so-may send me her Book of Confessions, or Birthday Book. She will find my private address in a recent number. I am sorry to learn that May Tatum, Hetty and Nelly, and a num- ber of my pilgrims have been ill, and in many cases with scarlet fever. I am afraid we ought to have had a little more of the Sharp cold, at which we all grumble, but "hich does its needful and appointed work i itsseason. I hope we shall have better accounts of our invalids next month.
If Simon de Montfort will send me his name and address and say what kind of play he requires, I may be able to assist. The story to which he refers was written by me from recollection of what my father related to me when I was a child. " Sunshine," of Aller- ton, tells me we have two Sunshines in the field, and so, though we cannot have too much of a good thing, the second (as the later comer), may as well add a distinguish- ing word such as "the second." And this reminds me to tell Annie Suter that the pre- sent Buttercup is not our original friend, of whom I am sorry to say I hear no more. I may also tell her that in the "Language of Flowers" in Howlett's Golden Almanack- the only authority I have to refer to-Daisy is Innocence; and Star of Bethlehem is Purity, but Lily certainly means the same. G. V. must know that there is an A. M. P. as well as an A. M. V. in my Pilgrimage. By the way, I have arranged a Bird's Home according to her directions, but London birds are too suspicious, and think it is a trap, and not a seed or a bit of nut have they taken I She wonders I can like cats for pets, but if she could see my three she would be satisfied. Indoors they take no notice of birds, and follow me about like dogs, and are rather more obedient. To Topsy W. I would point out that " That an ill wind that blows nobody any good" is nonsense, and she should not therefore have been satisfied with such a solution. The T I drew made an A = T is A. She should reflect that, if this seems a little far-fetched, it is very difficult month after month to frame new pictorial puzzles with as little repetition of old "hieroglyphics" as possible. I am glad to hear Alice has passed her Cambridge examinations, and if she and her sisters have such hard work at school, I recommend them to satisfy themselves, without trying to make a toil of Puzzledom, by guessing the easier things, and waiting till the next month to see how many they guessed correctly. I don't be- lieve in little folks working their heads too hard. It seems Smoke is as much puzzled about the gunpowder as I was; perhaps it got into the letter while it was in the pocket of the postman, or somebody who posted it. It was there ! for I recognised it, and threw it into the fire when it went off with a little "prrtt !" that made judicious old Topsy jump off the rug at once. I congratulate R. H. Whall on the manu- facture of the pair of drawing-room skates, A little patience and ingenuity will do a great deal; and cut fingers and hammered thumbs belong as a rule to hands that end by fashion- ing the world to their purpose.
I am sorry I can give Lilias no informa- tion about Freemasons; but I don't think they can have any secrets, or one of them would have told it to his wife long ago. I can assure her that I am not descended from 'Robin Hood, who, I fancy, never existed. Poker and Tongs I may inform that Cathay is another name for China, frequently used in the last century. I think Maude Mary had better send me her name and address, for I can then help her better about the writing of verse than in these columns. The same notice applies to one or two others, but they must, in order to lighten my work, write " verse " outside the envelope, so as to distinguish it from the Solutions. To Minnie and Kitty Ingamells, I have to reply that I wrote the two books they name; and to add furthermore that rather than mamma should be blamed, the little injustice shall be rectified at once. Monkey takes a farewell of us, and seems a little downhearted about going to school. I hope she will find school pleasant, and be able to join the Pilgrimage still. Amy and Maggie, who have been suffering from mumps, ask me if I ever had mumps, and if so, whether I liked them. I had them, and I don't think I liked them; but I can remember that I could eat nothing at the time but bread and water, but that it seemed to be the most delicious food in the world. I have often wished since that I could meet with any diet so nice, and can honestly declare that I have never tasted anything that seemed so pleasant. Mab in asking me about illuminations touches me on a weak point. If she will write to me what she wants, I may be able to advise her. To come to our inevitable chat about pets, I may tell my little friends that I have a new peacock, who can such a tail unfold that I am obliged to enlarge his premises by knock- ing down the partition between his abode and the residence of the late Edgar Allan Grip. One or two of my correspondents are still at a loss to know what "a Dutch Nightingale " is. It is a frog, and I can assure them, the song of our English frog is nothing compared with the sonorous bellow
of the foreign gentlemen. In France, where they were kept for eating purposes in pre- serves around the nobles' chateautx, the pea- sants were kept up all night, while my lord was at home, to beat the pools so as to silence the croakers and ensure my lord's repose. When I was over in France at Easter, I tasted frogs for the first time, and most delicious they were! Only the hind legs are cooked, being previously trussed up in elegant figure-of-eight fashion, and they are as tender and nice as spring-chicken. Some little folks are beginning to inquire about silkworms, but I fancy they are a little too early, for not a [leaf can I see on my mulberry tree as yet, and Nature doesn't mean to hatch out silkworms till their break- fast is ready. I think that all that has to be done is to put the eggs in a tray in a sunny window, and, when the worms hatch out, to give them fresh leaves daily-mulberry for preference, but lettuce will do. I can't advise Ardy about her squirrel from experience, but instinct says " give it nuts." I don't know much about white mice either, but I should, if I were Hyacinth, give them bread and milk, and bird seed. One or two little folks seem to have got canaries afflicted with huskiness; at any rate they don't sing. Well, if they have been hung near a bird in song and don't pipe up. I should give them sponge cake-ladies' fingers-soaked in a little sherry. Amy Measor may put her birds in the breeding cage in May, after letting them hang near one another for a few days. If the weather continues cold, she should wait. What does she say to Froll for her Belgian bird ? I remember the name in a Flemish song. She will find that, like all mice, dormice prefer night to day. Mabel Jackson has, I think, lost her cat because she did not take the trouble herself to look after its removal from the old house. Penmorva's experience with her " Blackamoor" goes to prove like mine, that a cat only attaches itself to a house, because nobody cares to secure its affection. And now having completed my corre- spondence, I have only to say good-bye till next month ?