PUZD5OM2
ARE II.-SQUARE WORD. 1. One of two Bible dissidents from ten 2. A preposition. 3. Tried like other men, David complained, "put far from" him was 3. 4. Here each and all must needs included be. 5. A precious stone; declare its name to me. TIroIsoN SaARP. III. My first you'll find both soft and warm; When passive, will not do you harm; But when in action you behold, The very sight will turn you cold. My second you can quickly choose- An article the English use. My third in barber's shops one sees; 'Tis worn by birds and made by bees. MIy whole, pray tell me if your can ; It forms a resting-place for man. L. D. IV. Arrange five Christian names, boys' and girls' alternately. Initials to form a boy's name, and finals to form a girl's name. J. W. F. V.-QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. Firsts, fourths, sixths, sevenths, in order due, Four Bible words convey to you; Fourths, sixths, and sevenths we're called to be; First is a vessel you may see In any English family. 1. Reckoneth. 2. Beyond reproach. 3. A scroll. 4. A kind of coach. Tno3rsox StEUP. V.L-ACROSTIC-PYRAMID PUZZLE. Y e riddlers all, both great and small, first listen to my lay, 0 r if too next, pray don't be vexed, but try another day. U nless they're dead or late abed, for all third work is found. N ow if you'rc fourth, brave man, go north the frozen sea to sound. G irl, babe, or boy who'll say with joy outloud, "fifth-mean to pound." E ssential 'tis in verse like this that I, sixth, being heard, N atheless I'll say this very day-seventh-hearts is in the word. G uess this you'll ne'er if you despair, though wish your eighth hard run. L ame, out of time, of sense and rhyme, before your wisdom, but A good ninth, and with pen in hand-tenth-con would solve it well. N ow, reader dear, if you say here, my last 'twill be my knell. D on't say this seems like silly dreams; don't say I cannot spell ! don't say my grammar's not correct, the answer all will tell. WALTEn KELLY. VII.--PALINDROME. A small liquid measure, a dwarf, or a drop Having got thus far, here we will stop. 'Tis a five.lettered word, and please turn it around, The very same word will swiftly be found. PRICE AND PICKERN. VIII.--EOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE QUESTION. G. the second city in S., situated on the G., in the province of G., has a large export trade in iron, steel, copper, and timber. W. A. LuxINo.