PUZZLES.
GEOGRAPHICAL ANAGRAMS. ONCEALED in the words in italics are eight well- known towns or places in England, in Scotland, and Ireland. If in Pall M'dall you chanced to meet a boar, You would not feed it with rice milk I trow. If an R.A. ran seeking rest, I know Nor mad nor blat so fast would make him go. My vane requires a 'rod, my gardener says, Yes, and the worst is that it wants new paint ; Two coats of red, 'tis fzr too much, I think, Yet I've borne with him, for he is so quaint ! CIRCULAR PUZZLE. CENTRE. N insect this, though small, Of everythling makes ball. OUTER CIRCLE. Come, sing, ye sailors, of the deed so brave, Wrought by this ship upon the dashing wave. i. The Frenchman in this tropic land His flag has planted on the strand. 2. He's mason, builder, plumber, all in one, And yet his work is well and neatly done. 3. I'm weak, I crawl, and yet you'll own The blows I give make timber groan. 4. A wish, command, request, Is by this word expressed. 5. No fear of cannon shot or bullet hail Will daunt our troops who now the ladders scale. 6. Among the states of Soudan where abound, Monarchs and chieftains-there this place is found. 7. They're fair, they're bright, they dance, they sing, In English form they chime and toll and ring. 8. An animal which many a crew, In Arctic regions oft pursue. LETTER PUZZLES. WO S's, two N's, four E's, and a T, Put together, and pray spell the word unto me. 2. One R and two S's, three A's and one U, Three N's and four T's and two I's, add unto One O and one B, and tell me, I pray, What word they will make if put in the right way. 3. Four S's, four I's, two P's, and an M, What word can you easily make out of them ? 4. Three E's and two 'Ms, two R's and one B, Put down in right order, what word shall you see? 5. Five I's and two L's, B, G, N, Y, and E, Make a word, if you also put with them a T. 6. Three A's, two C's, two L's, E, I, O, And R, make a word that I think you must know.
SHAKESPEARIAN ACROSTIC. PROEM. "Farewell! The day frowns more and more ; thou'rt like to have A lullaby too rough." I. Though chief adviser to a king, Misfortune did my office bring. 2. What is my name? Now seek it with care; My master was black, My mistress was fair. 3. Dressed in a manly suit was I, No man had I for tutor; Yet, strange to say, I found one day A gallant youth my suitor. 4. We got the kicks, tis very clear, I and my most-like brother ; And what one didn't get, oh dear ! Were showered upon the other. 5. A mischief-maker, full of spite, He worked his purpose long ; He came, found matters all quite right, And left them all quite wrong. 6. He spent his money far too fast, And could not fail to want at last. 7. " Where the bee sucks, there suck I; In a cowslip's dell I lie." AN EASY CRYPTOGRAPH. A CHILD S PIECE O1: POETRY. TFKHIB, qtfkhib, ifqqib pqxo Elt f tlkabo texq vlr xob, Rm xylsb qeb tloia pl efde Ifhb x afxjlka fk qeb phv. POSITIVES AND COMPARATIVES OF NOUNS. Y positive helps to give light, my comparative is basket-work. 2. My positive is a bird, my comparative a dye. 3. Of my positive millions and millions are used every day, and my comparative is a shell. 4. My positive is my own, my comparative works under- ground. 5. My positive is a piece of land, my comparative a vegetable production. 6. My positive is a money-box, my comparative part of a boat. 7. My positive is the juice of a tree, my comparative has to do with engineering. 8. My positive is a man, my comparative a lady. 9. My positive is a boy, my comparative steps.
CHARADES. -Y first is what ladies use in hot weather; My second is what few animals are seen without; My whole is a bird. 2. My first is something we procure from the cow, the goat, and other animals ; My second is part of a human being; My whole is a town in Surrey. 3. My first is a piece of clothing ; My second is part of a river; My whole is a town. 4. My first glides smoothly o'er the lake, Or river as may be; My second, ah, the more you take, The less is left to thee.
PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The initials and finals of the words describing the pictures numbered from I to 7, read downwards, will give the names of two well-known countries.)
And yet it must for aye increase, Nor can you make it less; My whole a town, which, if you please, 'Tis now for you to guess. PERMUTATION PUZZLE. A LONGING EXPRESSED BY SWIFT. A a a a at clear end for friend garden's had hundred hand- some house 1 I life lodge my often pounds river six that to 've wished year. MISSING LETTER PUZZLE. (FROM AN OLD SONG.). Dxixkxoxexnxyxixhxhxnxexex Axdxwxlxpxexgxwxtxmxnx NUMERICAL PUZZLE. E'42 attacked by a I234, 324 you ready? I cried. With 3 shot in the 234 Of the 1234 he replied, When we 1342 home his hide.
RIDDLES. HAT bird have engineers the most to do with? ' 2. What bird was most fashionable in Queen Elizabeth's time? 3. What bird is most like a naughty child? 4. Spell a sort of apology, and only use three letters. 5. If you asked a friend to go a boating expedition, what weapon would you probably name? 6. What bird reminds one of a player in a brass band ? 7. What foreign town hurts many children? 8. What town should children avoid when they have clean frocks? 9. What town in England represents the heaviest pork in the kingdom ? o0. What is the difference between a plough and the recital of a list of horrors ?
ii. Which is the most golden reign one ever heard of? 12. What is the difference between a brain and a train ? 13. Who was that most impartial person who treated friend and foe alike ? A SHORT PUZZLE. E took his -- from what had been said; by which I do not mean his opposite to Tory, part of which was a - , nor had it anything to do with the - of bagatelle ; and he observed, " I am going to a place that one can mention in one letter," as one also can the various words used above. Now tell me that letter and the words above mentioned ? METAGRAM. O hard I was; I lost my head, Now music's strains do mingle; Less head and tail, I weigh like lead; Minus two heads, I'm single. My last two letters leave me " no," The final will a vowel show.
LETTER RIDDLES FOR VERY LITTLE FOLK. "- HI-CH letter is a bird? . V)' Wlich letter is an insect? Which letter can you drink? Which letter is a river? Which letter is often used to a horse? Which letter is yourself? Which letter is myself? SAN ALPHABET OF SYNONYMS. A in apple, not in fruit. B in bul, but not in root. C in coin, but not in money. D in droll/, but not in funny. E in c/f, but not infa',. F in frolic, not in plct,. G in germ, but not in seed. H in horse, but not in steed. I in innocent, not ini pure. J in jug, but not in ewer. K in kindle, not in light. L in lustrous, not in brigiht. M in manacle, not fitter. N in note, but not in letter. O in old, but not in aged. P in 'prisonLed, not in caged. Q in uit, but not in leave. R in rob, but not in thieve. S in strange, but not in add. T in tuo; but not in sod. U iln urge, not in beseech. V in voice, but not in speect. \V in wealth, but not in gold. X in Xuantifpe, not in scold. Y in yoked, but not in bould. Z in zero, not in cypher found., Synonyms are amusing to make, and it is a good game for people sitting round each to complete a synonym, and then repeat aloud in rotation. On such occasions they are usually made in couplets; for example-- F in feast, but not in revel. F infat, but not in level. P in platter, not in dish. P in pike, but not in fish. BURIED VERSE. VERSE from a well-known elegy will be found buried in the following lines ; one word to each line. The good time of Christmas had come, And people from far and from near Had all come to our house to enjoy The delights of that season so dear. When every boy heard a loud krock, Of a sort to make little ones fear, And to give them no end of a fright \Vhen such a sound strikes on the ear. Then wide oped the door unto us, To my wonder a harper came in, Who proceeded to give us a song Heeding not the loud talking and din.
" If your hearts be kind, You will help the blind, Some good word you'll find It will ease my mind." The wondrous effect of this song Was perceived in a short space of time, It moved us to pity and deeds Such as cannot be told in this rhyme. Girls and boys the glad time comes, I hold You to kind deeds, words trnuhful and bold, 'I'hen long life to you, may you grow old.' QUOTATION ACROSTIC. P PROEt. HE spirits of your fathers ) Shall start from every wave ! " i. "A perilous life, and sad as life may be Hath the lone fisher on the lonely sea." 2. " Children's voices should be dear (Call once more) to a mother's ear." 3. " How well Horatius kept the bridge, In the brave days of old !" 4. " This maiden she lived with no other thought Than to love and be loved by me." ;. " They wrote the story on a column, And on the great church window'painted The same to make the world acquainted." 6. " Talents differ ; all is well and wisely put; If I cannot carry forests on my back, Neither can you crack a nut." 7. " It was the sound of the trampling surf On the rocks and the hard sea sand." S. " Ever in motion, Blithesome and cheery; Still climbing heavenward, Never aweary." HISTORICAL MESOSTICH. PROEM. LORIOUS battles,' famous sieges, Fill this monarch's reign, I ween; Politicians, wits, and poets, In great glory now are seen. I. In Indian climes 'twas said, When the day our men had won, That a few more victories like this Would leave us all undone. 2. They ravaged our coasts, Our towns tliey burnt down ; Now we're friends close allied; Their princess is our own. 3. This was a very famous fight, The English won the day; Their foes were put to headlong flight But why did we fight, I pray? 4. A peace was once concluded here, A mighty4war was o'er ; And nations rested for awhile From strife and battle sore.