m l L D ι Ы M ι \ <У 47. PRIZE CHARADE.
Old Dominio Dick in our town kept α school, And by many was counted α crabbed old fool, When one night, 'fore his dwelling, there started to Play A first of poor waifs from a land far away. Thoy were sparingly clad, and as sparingly fed, And not one was of second to toil for his bread, But instead of a trifle to add to their Btore, He ruthlessly bade them bogone from his door, And wishing his orders attended to quick, He rushed to his garden in search of a stick, But in doing so blindly rushed up 'gainst α pole, Which is doubtless the cause of his wearing my u-aoîe. William Aitken. PICTORIAL P.EBUS. J J €% I .j^jy .шпини"» pO e m 43. rOJBLE ACRO&TIC. A Rweot and modes!; littlo flower, That bloomn unseen in shady bower, My primais will prjtliiui ; Tuo season whea my fi/st, is seen, Thou nature's deok'd inglorious green, My finals givo its name. 1. A marshal, name of great renown, Whom Marlborough o'orthrew ; 2. My next, iu Lancashire a town, Is plainly brought to view. 3. A joy and comfort I impart, Wherever I may reign, 4. My fourth a town whero Bonaparte A victory did gain. 5. A Tamoris school in " Bucks " am I, G. Where this is extra good, It's name, no doubt, you'll soon supply, If me you'vo understood. PICTORIAL REBUS, В ) ui 49. CAPITAL CITIES IN EUR ЭРЕ ENIGMATI¬ CALLY EXPRESSED. 1. Behold, α consonant and α Spanish title ; 2. а short; sloop and smaller, minus α letter ; 3. hostility and a cutting instrument ; 4. firm, а preposition, and two- thirds of a nation ; 5. α believer in Christ and a vowel ; С lo contend aud a woman's liamo reversed. Crocodile. 50. CONUNDRUMS. 1. When does a banker resemble α violin ? 2. Why is α bird liko α stage in α theatre ? PICTORIAL REBUS. "^ 51. HIDDEN RIVERS. Come hero, Willy, and let me look at that rent in your coat. Whose house is that over yonder ? Don't Teddy look dirty, neither him nor his sister can keep themselves clean. The country is enow all over, ana in some parts it is a snow deep. Father has given up that ham establishment ; it did not pay. Who do you think was the bravest, Nelson or Wellington. Herbert H. Adams. Answers to the above will appear in No. 13.