PUZZLEDOM. BY MRS. BRODERIP.
T will be in the month of June that we shall now again start on our wanderings-the loveliest month in the whole year, when the freshness of spring still lin- ln gers to enhance the full bloom .and beauties of summer. This year we have had so little warm weather that we shall hail June with a double welcome if she only comes up to her usual promise. She is indeed the queenly month of the year, and no ill representative of the stately Juno with her peacock by her side. The poet says :- " The cowslip startles in meadows green, The buttercup catches the sun in its chalice, And there's never a leaf nor a blade too mean To be some happy creature's palace !" To my mind that's the very embodiment of June; the idea of the sweet, warm, and yet calm happiness that gives light and life to such myriads of God's creatures. We have had so severe a winter, and so tardy a spring, that we seem almost like torpid larvae who have not yet become fully aroused from their wintry re- pose. I will now commence our labours with a seasonable subject. (A.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. She comes at last, expected long, With glowing smiles and festal song; Mead and wold arrayed to meet her, Glancing waters gaily greet her ! Loved of earth, and loved of air, Sweet and radiant, warm and fair ! Foremost in her bridal train, Offspring of the sun and rain, This her maid will wait upon her, Covering her with bloomy honour ! And the kindred fair and sweet Spread a pathway for her feet ! I. When the reapers in the wheat Time their work with measured feet Binders, following in their track, Place this in a graceful stack ! Ti. When Parliament is not sitting, And robberies not committing, Or dukes and princes flitting, Reporters, in despair, For something like this are looking, Each hint and morsel booking, With a little judicious cooking To eke their scanty fare ! II. Boxes, belts, cases, and shoes, Bindings, chair-seats, what you choose, Made of this, rich people use 1 Iv. In France we call our cat "minette !" "Puss" is too vulgar for our pet; , And she replies in French, no'doubt, But what she says I can't make.out. One thing is clear, both nations say Their cats converse in the same way ! v. The border-land of many a place, Of tile or of box, or fur or of lace; The power of the sword, the verge of the cliff- Avoid them both; the latter, if t Your head be weak and your knees are stiff.
VI. Flow, flow, onwards go, Swiftly, stately, calm or slow, From thy source to meet the sea. Health and brightness, Strength and lightness (Very welcome aid to whiteness), On thy path attendant be. I quite rejoice to see the flowers are making up for lost time, and showing themselves in the hedges and woods in profusion. I wonder whether you will recognize this common old friend, whose pretty yellow spikes adorn so many waysides. (B.) PICTORIAL CHARADE. 1 , We have not had an enigma for some time, but have had verse enough already. I am going to give you one in prose, by way of a change. (C.) ENIGMA. "I must introduce myself to you as a very old friend, whom you must have known, in some shape or other, from your child- hood. As you grew older, I delighted you in various ways, and when you attain manhood and womanhood, I still frequently attend you. To me you owe your acquaintance with Fairyland, with many other pleasures too numerous to mention. I have greatly delighted the more scientific members, with my narrative of Donati's comet, in whose suite I appeared. I am slightly addicted to arithmetic, but I prefer the romantic and more in- teresting studies. I form, more or less, a part of the entire animal creation, though in our feline species I am but feebly developed. I am not wholly of the snake tribe, though I have general connection with the boas, and I am most esteemed by the beaver. I inhabit the whole globe, even in those parts where man has never yet trod. I am known and re- spected by all the civilized world. I used to be valued in England, and was carefully attended; but, alas! they have dropped my acquaintance. The fair sex in Greece, Turkey, Switzerland, and elsewhere patronize me, but the 'lords of the creation' disdain me everywhere but in the Celestial Empire, where I am venerated highly. No doubt men dislike me; as the token of a distant representative of their race, of whom they are not proud. Boys still cherish me occasionally, and sailors love me, while cooks consider me their sheet anchor. I am largely im- ported from Siberia to aid in regal adornment. I have often about a'hundred eyes, so no wonder I can observe so much. I am also slender, elegant, and useful, even to the extent of forming a bridge occasionally. The Scottish chiefs used to hold me in great value in days gone by. Finally, if you have not guessed me, I could even yet ' unfold' more of my history. At present, like a bell, I am told !" There, young folks, I should imagine you could easily find out that little mystery.