PUZZLE PAGES.
S. 7l a r~ ~ ~ Y 4us l I Jii r .t, n ý 8 -PUZZLE.
MY FIRST. E had known sorrow, With no hope for to-morrow, And no hope could borrow From times long ago; And he was downhearted, From all his friends parted, And from his foe's started; 0 where should he go ? He sat on a hill and looked down on a city, And sat there alone, with no one to pity, Till the bells of the church rang out a glad ditty: And bade him come back.
" Come back !" and no more at fortune to rave; "Come back !" was the watchword the belfry gave; " Come back ! come back !"' the single old stave; So he changed his tack. MY SECOND. " The door it may do, ma'am, but perhaps it may blister." " And what will prevent it;, good man ?" said my sister. The painter he smiled, and he said that he reckoned 'Twould do very well with another-my second. MY WHOLE. Of course it can be done; sir, there is: no one can doubt it; Great people often do iit; sir, and make no fuss about, it; Yes, sure there are a lot. of folk who all pretend to flout it, Though you and I, without a spy, can swear 'tis often done. 9.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. A thing that's seen upon our coast, Though here 'tis but an idle boast. 1. Emblem of purity without, alloy, Sporting in thy gladsome joy. 2. Those who Italia's tongue can speak For me need not have far to seek. 3. One of the mighty council of three, Child of the north god of wind and sea. 4. What every one affects in dress, Much studied by our good Queen Bess. 10.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Hark ! there's a sound of music in the street, And all go forth the cavalcade to meet; Coaches and horses, men and women too, In fancy costumes greet their wondering view. 1. Come tell me what you call it, is it red, or blue, or white? 2. In this case kindly tell me would the nominative be right? 3. He said that he was tired, and he fain would go to bed. 4. She poisoned her poor husband, and to Italy then fled. 5. In the black North in Erin's isle the country you will find. 6. A robber who his victims to boughs of trees did bind.
11.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Adverbs of quantity, so grammar says, are we, Now this preferred, now that, just as the case maybe. My first they say in everything is found, My next I know is found beneath the ground; Rejoice, 0 tired M.P.! my third draws nigh, When by my last away you'll quickly hie. 12.--CIIHARADE. My first brings with it joy and woe, Bears no respect to high or low, Travels by day, by noon, by night, Crosses the ocean, and in its flight Stops not for war, or love, or hour, But dashes on with a mailed power, And many a royal hand will shake When I bid it some mighty missive take. Unto my next give honour due, 'Twill come perhaps some day to you, And find you bright and strong, I trust, And trampling down the earthly dust Which dims the view of that great prize A good man wins whene'er he dies. My zahole is one of the cheapest things Time ;on his changeful pinion brings, And he who begrudges the ,sum to jay Deserves to have lived before our day, When no messenger so -swift and still Was ever found to do his will. 13.-PUZZLE. I'm ten, and when you ken, Me out you'll bowl, and know the whole. eIc we go round the mystery bush, mystery bush, mystery bush, [ere we go round the mystery bush at ten o'clock in the morning ! My one and seven-highly recommended- By Captain Cook with Noah's son nicely blended. ]My nine, ten, if you don't mind being frisky, Is recommended as a first-rate whisky.
My one, two, three, four, five, six, is most charming: In saying that there can't be the least harm in. My two, eight, three is common to most fishes, And eight, two, three, will ofttimes meet our wishes, And give us house, and lands, and funded property, And perhaps a wife who turns out quite a proper-tie. The end of property is seen in five, six, Which end of property may be reached by nice tricks. My four, five, is what I describe My cousin Mary, who's to be my bride, To whom-as my whole-I wrote a line Upon the feast of last St. Valentine.