PUZZLE S. ANSWERS TO PUZZLES:IN AUGUST NUMBER. CHARADE-Peacock. DIAMOND:-
H T I P R A M A L T A M A R A C H I M A L A Y A S PA RA D ED LAYER CAD S A GEOGRAPHICAL PUZZLE.
We will publish an honor list of all who send correct answers to the fol- lowing puzzle: The island in the Pacific ocean, east of Australia, of a church, which is a river in Texas, decided to have a pic- nic at an island in the Pacific ocean cast of Australia. They started about eight o'clock, from an island in the Pacific ocean east of Australia, and arrived at the place they had selected about ten o'clock. When they arrived there, a river in Virginia, a river in Massachusetts, a river in Siberia, two capes in Virginia, and an archipelago in the Pacific ocean on the equator, went to an island in the Pacific ocean south-east of Asia, to hunt for animals.
They found an island in the Penob- scot bay, south of Maine, an island in Boston harbor, a bay on the north- eastern coast of Newfoundland, and a lake in British America, from which they took the skins to take home. A river in Siberia, a cape on the south- eastern coast of Maine, an island east of the Philippine islands, and a cape on the coast of Massachusetts, went to an island in the Atlantic Ocean, south of Rhode Island, to gather flowers. On the way back, they saw a river in Idaho which frightened them very much, and they ran the rest of the way. They came back very much disap- pointed because they could only find a river in Mississippi. When they came back, they found
that the party that had been out hunt- ing had just arrived, and they had planned to go fishing, but the bell rang to call them to dinner, so they had to wait. They sat down to dinner, and I think had quite a variety; they had a bay on the coast of Long Island, nice and hot ; a river in the northern part of Maine, a river in New York; and for some fish, a mountain in Pennsylvania., a river in Vermont, and a cape in Massachusetts. They could only get a State in Eu- rope for poultry, because it was scarce. For dessert they had a river in Africa, an island in Long Island Sound, and enjoyed them very much. After dinner, the party that had been out hunting, and the party that had been out to gather flowers, decided to go fishing. A river in Virginia, a cape in New Jersey, a river in British America, an archipelago west of the Papua islands, a lake in Maine, and a lake in Florida, wanted to go with them, so they let them. They took a boat and sailed on a river in Indian Territory; a river in Virginia, and a river in Massachusetts, rowed a little while, and then the others rowed. After they had been out a little while, a cape on the coast of Maine said that she could see something black in the water; they laughed at her at first, but she was quite anxious, so a river in Siberia looked, and he said he could see a river in Labrador; but he went under water, and they did not see him again. They sailed in another direction, and pretty soon an archipelago in the Paci- sic ocean, on the equator, looked up and saw a lake in Maine. He called the attention of the others to look at it, but just as they saw it, it flew away. A cape on the coast of New Jersey felt a little faint, so they put a city in Prussia on her, and she felt better. On their way back they saw a river in
Utah, but he ran away very soon, and they returned very much pleased. They packed up their their things and started on the journey home, and reached it about half-past five. They talked about it a great while afterward, and thought they should not have such a nice time again for some time.-N. E. Journal of Education. CHARADE. My first may be water, but sometimes tis wood. In either 'tis ancient, in both it is good. In pleasure or sorrow my next may be heard, When weeping or laughter the spirit has stirred; It is little enough ; yea, sometimes I'm sure, Ten times worse than nothing to rich or to poor. My last is a source of great profit to some, Who yet in a perilous pathway must roam ; Must breast the rough billows, must stem the dark tide, O'er surf and through breakers must fearlessly ride. My whole, when the war-trump is sounding so dread, When armies are gathering, and ban- ners are spread. Is sure to be found where the field is hard fought, Where deeds of great valor and glory are wrought. E. H. N.
REBUS. "L /~ I -~ i :7 I= -I 2: ,,f A nn h z- , SA quotation am I. To find me who'll try?