PUZZLE PAGES,
8.-PUZZLE. MY FIRST. HE had known sorrow, With no hope for to-morrow, And no hope could borrow From times long ago; And he was downhearted, From all his friends parted, And from his foes started; O where should he go ? lie sat on a hill and looked down on a city, And sat there alone, with no one to pity, Till the bells of the church rang out .a glad ditty And bade him come back.
"' Come back !" and no more at fortune to rave; "Come back !" was the watchword the belfry gave; " Come back ! come back !'! te single old stave; So he changed his tack. MY SECOND. "The door it may do, mna'um, but perhaps it may blister." "And what will prevye nt, good mans ?"'said my sister. The painter be smiled,aad he, said that he reckoned 'Twould do very well wvhanothqr-my second. Of course it can bedo0e, sir,t -here is no one can doubt it; Great people often do.it, sir, and make no fuss about it; Yes, sure there are alot.of folk who all pettend to flout it, Though you and I, without a spy, can swear 'tis often.doue. 9.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC. .A thing that's seen upon our coast, Though :here 'tis,but an idle boast. 1. Emblem of purity without alloy, Sporting in thly-gladsome joy. :2. Those who Italia',s tongue .canpeak For me neednaot have far to seek. 3. One of the mighty council of three, Child of the north god of wind and sea. 4. What every tone affects in dress, Much studied by our good Queen Bess. 10.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Hark ! there's a sound of music in the street, And all go.forth the.cavalcade to meet; Coaches and horses, !men and women too, In fancy costumes greet their wondering view. 1. Come tell me what you call it, is it red, or blue, or white? 2. In this case kindly tell me would the nominative be right? 3. He said that he was tired, and'he fain would go to bed. 4. She poisoned her poor husband, and to'Italy then fled. 5. In the black North in Ertin's isle the country you will find. 6. A robber who his victims to boughs of trees did bind.
11.--DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Adverbs of quantity, so grammar says, are we, Now this preferred, now that, just as the case:may'be. My first they say in everything is found, My next I know is found beneath the ground; Rejoice, O tired M.P. ! my third draws nigh, When by my last away you'll quickly hie. 12.-CHARADE. My first bringsiwith it'joy.and woe, Bears no respect to high or low, Travels by day, by noon, :by night, Crosses4the ocean, and in its flight Stopsnotfor.,war, or love, or hour, But-dashes owuwith a mailed power, Andmany a royal hand will shake When I. bid it some :4gty missive take. Unto Amy next give honour Aiue, 'Twillcome'perhaps some:d;.yto you, And find youw: ghtudtret g, I trust, And@rampling!downtheeaiitlily:dust WShichidims bthe·iew :offhgreatpprize d:gd mana i ewene es.ay, When-or nessengeriso swift and still Was ever found to do his will. 13.-PUZZLE. I'm ten, and when you ken, Me out you'll bowl, and know the whole. Here we go round the mystery bush, mystery bush,:mystery bush, Here we go round the mystery bush at ten o'clock in the.morning I My one and seven-highly recommended- By Captain Cook with Noah's son nicely blended. My nine, ten, if you don'tinind being frisky, Is recommended as a first-rate whisky.
My one, two, three, four, five, six, is most charming: .In saying that there can't be the least harm in. My two, eight, three is common to most fishes, And eight, two, three, will ofttimes meet our wishes, And give us house, and lands, and funded property, And perhaps a wife who turns out quite a proper-tie. \ s The end of property is seen in five, six, Which end of property may be reached by nice tr's. My four, five, is what I describe My cousin Mary, who's to be my bride, To whom-as my whole-I wrote a line Upon the feast of last St. Valentine.