99. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The primalí will givo you а Scotch poet's name, Who by labour and genius won title and fame ; The fi nais another groat poet will show, Whose poems each lady in Britain must know. 1. Bettié, the housemaid, does this to our floor, Often, until the dirt spots are no more. 2. You ofteu, perhaps this nice fruit may have seen, So temptingly red, and so juicy, I ween. 3. Here we've the name of а shell-fish well known,— Every ono likes it, and likes it alone. 4. Research will discover this northernly town, At the foot of α lake, it you glance the map down. 5. Lastly а mineral, sharp reader, write, Down on your paper, in plain black and white. F. W. Binstead. 100. DOUBLE PROVERB PUZZLE (SHAKS- PERIAN). Take a quotation from each of the following come¬ dies of Shak «pere, then take a word from each quota¬ tion, and a well-known Shaksperian maxim will bo formed :—1. Twelfth Night. 2. As You Like It. 8. A Midsummer Night's Dream. 4. Tho Two Gentlemen of Verona. 5. Henry IV. 6. Merry Wives of Windsor. A. Cooke.
PICTORIAL REBĽ m
101. CHARADE. Δ word I nm, not very long, By numerals may be told ; I tell what every one should be, The young as well as old. My last is just а half of first, My ihira a tenth of lad · My other two a tenth of third, Now sure you have it fast. Don. W. Urquhaut. 102. METAGRAM. Write down a useful article, Which each of you must kuow ; Change head, and then a kiud of far It will, thus altered, show. And, if yon will chungo head again, A kind of rope you will obtain. Now, if you please, change head once move And see α moral tale ; But I shall say " Adieu" before My ргозу rhyme gets stale. Now use your wits and soon you'll see What ev'ry answer ought to be. F. W. Binstead. 103. LETTER PUZZLE. Found in the ice, not in the rink, Found in the bottle, but not in the drink. Not in the vailey, but found in a dale, Not in a storm, though I'm cast in a gale. Found iu a king, but not in a queen, Discovered in everything verdant and green. In the generous gifts that a good child deserves, Entire, I'm an inmate ofNeptune's preserves. A. Cooke.
PICTORIAL REBUS. W./»Vi i' r. İM ·
101. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. 1. AU hail, Bright liberty ! Nor will I ever fail 2. To sing this strain in praise of thee, 3. In this we see the elements at war, Than boundless wealth this next to us is better far, 5. By this again we see things as they are ; To some my worth is never kuown, 6. Now swift, now calm and slow ; On steadfast on, I flow, Lo! My jîrst And ^nals shows Two forms that watched and nursed, Me in my childhood, long ago. Wm. Aitken Answers to the above will appear in No. 74.