PUZZLEDOM. By MRS. BRODERIP.
ANmY of my Pilgrims, I have little doubt, grumbled.at the e beginning of last month that 1 \ I continued to use such win- terly subjects, but by this time they will have found out that I was not so far out. The old rhyme, " If Candlemas Day shines fair and clear, There'll be two winters in one year, proved itself thoroughly trust- worthy this season: for we certainly had a second period of cold and snow in the early / part of February, and a third in the end of it. But in this case an open foe is better than a treacherous friend, and it is more wholesome for the eager green buds to be checked now, at the outset of their career, than a little later when they would put forth promise of flower and fruit, that would suffer still more severely from the late frosts which sometimes come so unexpectedly when we. fancy old Winter has gone for good. We will now hope, however, that brighter and warmer days are really "set fair," and that the sunshine and balmy breezes will call forth all our friends of the woods and fields from their long rest. We will therefore commence our Puzzledom rambles with a season- able subject. (A.) DOUBLE ACROSTIC. When equinoctial gales are o'er, And March a lamb becomes once more; His balmy breezes, softer grown, Bring a sweet fragrance all their own; For they have sought my First, and bear Its perfumed kisses on the air ! My Second's messengers are they To say that she is on her way, To wake the earth, imprisoned long, To warmth and beauty, light and song ! This we pray our Queen may be, Sovereign of the brave and free ! O'er her wide dominions, yet, The great sun hath never set. May her rule and empire be Ever this, by land and sea ! II. To prove his noble ancestry From the brave, and from the free, Did the wandering Arab set His foot within the rivulet. If the stream divided flowed, All his haughty pride was bowed ; But if this was arched and high Like a bridge of masonry, And the water trickled free Under it-high-born was he ! III. 'Tis Heaven's first law, and 'tis displayed Throughout the vast creation, Where all are marshalled and arrayed According to their station. . Iv. Although a stone, my lovely hue, Seems stolen from Heaven's ethereal blue. When polished well, you may behold In snowy clouds and veins of gold What seems a mimic picture, lent Me by the parent firmament !
V. What little lasses' seams and hems Should always be, you know; What little lads' neat copybooks Should in their writingshow ! What both alike, we wish to see, Should in their tempers ever be ! VI. When Rag and when Bobtail Begin their career, One comrade is missing, You'll find he is here. I hope you will be more fortunate in finding this sweet child of spring than I was last Saturday; for although I went down very early to the market, all were already gone. I could get handfuls of the pretty snowdrops, and a few early wallflowers, of which last I shall have more to say a little later. I know all our Pilgrims are fond of flowers. I never met with any one who disliked them, and if such could be, I pity them greatly, for if they don't care for these " sweet nurselings of the earth and sky," they are quite out of the pale of dear old Dame Nature's power, and she is really the mother of us all, and, especially in early youth, she entices us into her very citadel, by attacking one of.the five gates of our earthly dwelling. I am now going to give you- (B.) A PICTORIAL SQUARE-WORD PUZZLE. When you have guessed that, as you will, no doubt, very readily, I may say to you, that if I were only my second, I would easily cross my first to you, and drink some of my third to our future merry meetings. Meanwhile, I hope you have been very busy with the logographical letter I set for you last month. The reign of the favourite saint seems to be growing in favour, and increasing every year. In France, although they hold the saint in great reverence, as they do the others, it is not observed in an epistolary form. One of the prettiest .stories about him is that he used to go about at night, and drop small purses of money inside the doors of the industrious "spinsters and knitters" of his diocese, as a modest marriage portion for them. All these quaint legends are like the pretty old fairy tales we love so dearly in our childhood, and which each teach a sweet lesson of humility, industry, or charity, only it is so prettily covered up with the beauty of the tale, that like the Puzzledom riddles, they are not found out at once. I wonder if any of my Pilgrims remember the earliest riddle of all! I should like to have a little gossip about it next month with them. We must now return from our bye-way, and get into the Puzzle- dom path again, by solving the following ;- (C.) LOGOGRIPHE. This is a word of eight letters. My 8, 7, 2, 6 is a piece of needle- work; my 4, 5, 6, 7 what my I, 2, 3, 8 does; my I, 7, 2, 8 is a delicate green-meat ; my 4, 7, 2, 6 a set of either bipeds or quadru- peds ; my 8, 2, 6, 7 repeated ; my 3, 5, I the tiniest taste possible; my 4, 5, I the end of a wing ; my 4, 2, r a sound; my 8, 2, I vege- table blood; my 8, 7, 4 a complete service ; my I, 7, 4 what every one would wish, secretly or openly, to be ; my 1, 2, 4, 7 what some- times contains a rattle and is often cracked; my 4, 2, I, 7 the long pink tale most government offices could unroll; my 3, 2,4 Humpty Dumpty's position ; my 2, 8, 3 the friend King Midas borrowed his ears from; my 8, 4, 7, 2, 6 the great motive power; my 6, 7, 4 a meeting gone by; my 6, 7, 3, 8 what soldiers and sailors call the festive board; my 6, 5, 3, 8 the equivalent to a rule ; my I, 2, 8, 4, 7 what pies are made of and scissors used with; my 8, 2, 4, 7 you will understand as part of a verb, when you havetaken the last 8, 4, 7, 1 of my whole.