PUZZLEDOM. By MRs. BRODERIP.
AM now going to give you a sheet of the Puzzledom Almanac, which contains the date of the year in an Acrostic. Each verse gives a Roman letter, as the capital letter of a person's name, and the whole gives you the year 1875. It is called an- (L.) ACROSTIC CHRONOGRAM. I. A remarkable lady of old, Whose charms I have often been told Were sufficient alone, To convert into stone, All those who came there to behold ! II. The dame to whom, time out of mind, Was our parish lanthorn consigned, When she lets out the spark, We are left in the dark, And all grope about like the blind. III. A respectable boatman, who plied On a river, remarkably wide, And took a small toll From each passing soul, On reaching the opposite side. IV. A dog of remarkable feature, Who was trebly endowed by Dame Nature, The collector of taxes, Three licences " axes" On account of this curious creature ! v. 5 A justly renowned millionaire, Whose wealth was so vast, he could spare A million or two, . Without any ado, That would make all the other folks stare 1 vI. A lover who swam every night O'er a very wide stream, when the light
Of his lady love shone, Till one night, like a stone, He suddenly sank out of sight. VII. A lady much given to preach, In such forcible figures of speech, That her husband drank up All his woes in a cup" Of poison, and died out of reach ! VIII. A Persian commander and king, Who thought war a very fine thing; He conquered and fought, As he thought that he ought Much spoil to his country to bring. TX. The celestial smith of the sky, Who wields his vast hammer so high, That the sparks that fly from it, Are ta'en for a comet By each astronomical eye ! It only remains for me to give you the subjects for the usual verses and essays, for I am sure you would wish to carry on the work you commenced so long ago. So I will set you these. (M.) UNWEDDED RHYMES. Ice cold bare sky pane and for the subject of the Prose Essay we will select (N.) PROSE ESSAv, " CHRISTMAS THOUGHTS." In next No. I hope to give the solutions and the solvers of the January Puzzles.