PUZZLES.
Flowers Enigmatically Expressed. '1. 1. A carriage and a people, pray Aright to me unfold : 2. What honey is, to which unite A conqueror brave and bold : 3. A little bird; and what may oft, Upon the heel be found: 4. A colour, and a vessel that Emits an empty sound: 5. A useful beast, with what I've done On wet or marshy land: 6. A little crafty creature, and A covering for the hand : 7. What has in winter-time been seen, And also seen to do : 8. What You and I possess, and what Most people wish for too. These varied parts aright combine, And you will soon, I ween, Obtain a floral chaplet for " EVERY BoY'S MAGAZINE." C:yptograp/. 2. Qrne vs zi yvggyr angvir inyr, Gur evatqlir ohvyqf naq zhezhef gurer; Pylfr of zl plg fur gryyf ure gnyr, Gl rirel cnffvat ivyyntre; Gur fdhveery yrncf rflz gerr gl gerr, Naq furyyf uvf ahgf ng yvoregl. 3. Double Acrostics. A part of speech; an island ; a marine production; a message; a man's name; a stream; a battle; quantity. My initials, read downwards, will give a monarch, and the finals a favourite residence of the same. 4. A part of a vessel; a girl's name; me- chanical power; a town in France; a spirit; moisture.- The initials and finals, read downwards, name a country and its capital. 5. Strong; to change; a river of England; a boy's name; an isle belonging to Eng- land; to be of use; calling; one of the United States; reply. My initials and finals, read'downwards, will make two cele- brated battles.
Triple Acrostic. 6. To explain; a tendon; a greedy person:; blithe; a large island; an acquaintance; a hindrance. My initials, third letters,, and finals, make three countries. Diamond Puzzle. 7. A number; an English river; a noted cook; clear; an animal; part of a verb; a letter. Central Deletion. 8. A weapon used in war, the centre delete, A kind of trimming you'll have complete. Logogri:phs. 9. I am a word of five letters, but although so small, I am of the greatest importance to all; At least in Old England all people agree 'Twould be most inconvenient to live without me. Behead me, and at once I am changed altogether, I am now chiefly met with in very warm weather; But although in cold climates my presence is rare, If you can find fire I am sure to be there. Indeed, towards warmth such a liking have I, That whilst it is found I'm convinced I sh'a'nt die. Behead me, I'm master o'er man and o'er beast, They may live in the West, they may live in East, They may live North or South, 'tis no matter, still I Am their prompter, and they must obey me or die. 10. Whole, I am a piece of furniture ; behead me, I am capable; transpose, I am a man's name; transpose again, I am a package; behead, you see a beverage; and transpose, I am a meadow.
11. Charades. I am a little word of four letters, yet my history is most wonderful. I am of both ancient and modem origin; of both sexes and no sex at all. I am "mentioned occasionally both in the Old and New Testament. I am a great traveller, and have visited every town, county, and country in the civilized world. I am well known in every public office, seen in every post-office, and few are without me. I live in the sea, or. on dry land, whichever I please. I am alive, yet dead; and do either with or with- out food. I am hunted by some for my skin and flesh, but, 'tis a thousand to one, the next time you see me I shall have neither. To conclude, an island in the United States aspires to my name: pray what is it? 12. My frst is always to be seen; My second tells how old; My whole is done by our good Queen, And all her subjects bold. 18. Central and Diagonal Square. Blows; a part; Samson's wife; parcels; idea; a colonist; a refresher.
Word Squares. 14. A sword; a lake; to improve; a ball; completed. 15. A city in Italy; a celebrated mosque; a French sea-port; the god of love. 16. Appellation; a sacred term; to repair; extremities. 17. A constellation; a river; a girl's name; a dance. Cr3jyitora]k Proverbs. 18. Loo zhhgv jurd dsdfh. 19. Lotk lkgznkxy sgqk lotk hoxjy. 20. Hbuifs zf sptft xijkf zf nbz. 21. Rkz yrkkvotm jumy rok. 22. Epp mw rsx ksph zlex kpmxxivw. 23. Hppe szf svot ijhi. Towns. 24. Insane and to clear out. 25. Erected and a consonant. 26. A cake and bright. 27. Protracted and timber. 28. A verb and an animal. 29. Vice and a vowel.
ANSWERS TO PUZZLES. On pages 559-560.
1. When Cortez' furious legions flew O'er ravaged fields of rich Peru, Struck with his bleeding people's woes, Old India's awful Genius rose. 2. I815-Waterloo. 3. Oxford. 4. Seven-Even-Eve. 5. Torn, A, Do = Tornado. 6. Man, Age= Manage. 7. Co, Pen, Hag, En = Copenhagen. 8. Chip, Pen, Ham = Chippenham. 9. B(ee), Lack, Pool = Blackpool. 10. California, to find gold. 11. Hampstead-Middlesex. 12. Mary Stuart = Star, Tay, Tart, Army, Ray, Rum. 1 3. 1. Norfolk; 2. Warsaw; 3. Bergen; 4. Dort; 5. Essex; 6. Braga; 7. Kasan; 5. Whitby.
14. Harmonium. 15. Chaucer. 16. Petal. 17. Tempest, Sheaths, Pretend, Theatre, Entitle, Craters, Evasive. 18. Seasons, Teacher, Granary, Seaside, Gliding, Addenda, Educate. 19. Deeds'are the fruit, words are but the leaves. 20. By hard labour great men are made. 21. 22. ZULU BEAR UPON EASE LOST ASIA UNTO READ 23. 24. 25. ETON GRIN GLEN TONE RI.DE LATE ONCE IDES ETNA NEED NEST NEAT