PUZZLE PAGES. 500.-CHARADE.
HRISTMAS is come, and our trade it arouses To furnish supplies of my whole to the houses That deal with us always for goodies and sweets, For creams, tarts, and pasties, preserves, and baked S meats. Cheesecakes for Easter, and ices for summer, We make and supply in large lots to each comer; But Christmas is coming, so now we reserve Our stores of sweet almonds, liqueurs, and preserve ! We send to the grocer's, long lists to supply For my ,irst, and as well to the butcher's hard by, For suet and currants, peel, sugar, and spice, With lemons and brandy, and everything nice. Chop! chop I chop l We are making mny irst till we're ready to drop! 'Tis the scason for feasting, the time when man eats His largest of turtle and well-seasoned meats,
Attemperedwith pastry, most carefully reckoned, In fittest proportion, concocting my second. Fish, game, and fowl are supplied to his wish, While mere meat forms a staple to garnish the dish. And when even hunger, by hunting sharp set, Has made way through these solids, there's more to do yet In the different forms that my second can take, When apples, plums, apricots, cherries we bake. For picnics, for luncheons,for races are reckoned, Or for parties, no better adjuncts than my second. Roll out and knead ! We are busy indeed, All making my second with very great speed!
But Christmas demands its own viands to eat, The noble sirloin is its favourite meat, While turkey and chine do the long table grace, And for sweets good plum-pudding willthold its own place. We could give up our holly, with laurel dis- pense, And for absence of mistletoe find a pretence, But turkey and beef and plum-pudding ne'er fail, Washed down by long draughts of October's strong ale. And high in the honour amongst all the rest, My whole is partaken by each merry guest; For luckless is he, of whatever degree, Who on Christmas Day fails to have one taste of me !
501.-A CHRISTMAS CRA.CKER.
The busy letter of the alphabet; a portion of a pound; a male deer; the sultan of the sheep- fold; some textile fabrics for winter wear; and the stag's herd of female favwurites. Yule-tide; what your dog does, if he is obe- iIdent, when you call him; a very large cash; what always goes before the second; the head audfront of the alphabet; the inquisitiveletter; an aurieular organ. The twin letter; one of chanticleer's wives; the neuter gender; the Tatin term for a com- panion; the soul of brevity beheaded; the body of wit curtailed; a modern belle's favourite ornament; the positive degree which may be
improved in health; Mrs. Gamp's favourite pronunciation of her usual seat. A member of Dr. Cumming's newest congre- gation; the letter that will rub out the counte- nance you draw; what is generally relished even in its most hurried state, and which when cold decides affection; the manner to which would-be juvenile elderlies are addicted; the confusion that printers dislike; the letter that transforms a dried pig's leg into a deception; one of our most useful members beheaded; another of Dr. Cumming's flock, who is sus- ceptible to the fact that mankind is prone to do wrong.
502.-AN EYVERGREEN WREATH.
A Christmas garland of evergreen I weave for bower and hell; Unriddle my riddle, the plants I mean Are very well known to all. Thefirst is a branch of the glorious main, A haven where ships may be; My second a personal pronoun I trow, As you will most readily see. My third is a coffer of metal or wood, Whether carven or plain it be; My fourth is the emulous plant, if it could It would cop. with every degree.
my fifth, if possessed of one particle less. Would sanctified be at once ; My sixth is the meed of the conqueror, As is known to every dunce. My seventh, the strawberry bed of the birds, Holds its tempting fruit aloft; [girls JMy eighth leeeps its pearls to bestow on the Whose lips are most rosy and soft. Then hey for the garland of evergreen boughs, To wreathe in the cottage or hall! Unriddle my riddle, and gather them quick, For they ought to be mknown to all
503. A PUZZLE RHYIME FOR CHRISTIIMAS TIME. !" II 1 i .I n I ,, .I .. , Iu 1 I Iii i Unless to guess the rhyme you're able, You must not touch what's on the table. 504.-DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
The carriage which the ancient victor bore; A shout peculiar to our native shore; The scientific name the frog-tribes bear; The goddess of the rainbow, bright and fair; Whet sour and bitter things can n3ver be; What every laundress owns, as you may see; A portion of your journey, measured due ; A favourite beverage of the farmer too; The nasal aliment old folks love well. Initials, finals take, and from them spell Two cileerf ilwords-one names this time of year, The second states its crowning dish of cheer.
Thefirst, welcome alike to rich and poor, The palace portal seeks, and cottage door. The one great festival to all mankind, When all degrees should be of one true mind. May it to all of you bring its increase Of kindly feeling, unity, and peace ! My second, threatened sore by plague and pest, The native food we English folk love best; May it smoke cheerfully on every table Of those who this to read and solve are able I
ANSWERS TO CHAIAnDES, &c. (Pages 362 363, and 364.)
478. Pearl-diver. 479. Cuckoo-flower. 480. r. Never too late to mend. II. All is not gold that glitters. III. A stitch in time saves nine. Iv. Time and tide wait for no man. 481. ELECTRIC - ATLANTIC. EccentriC - LiparI-EmmeT - ChaperoN - TeA-RolL- InleT-CarrarA.
482. Hare-bell. 483. Robin-red-breast. 484. A dog rose at a cow's lip, him did an ox eye for a short time and then rushed o6f harum-scarum. To be read-A dog rose-at- a cowslip-him did-an ox eye-for a-short thyme-and then-rush-a off h-arum so-arum.: 485. Silk-worm.