PUZZLEDOM. DIRECTOR : TOM HOOD.
CTOBER has come at last, and closes in the plea- sant time of the year. Hencefor- ward till the spring we must not hope for fine weather and all the beauties of summer. The soli- age, which at the end of Septem- ber began to assume the exqui- site but sad tints of the declining year, is falling from the boughs at every sigh of the wind. In some years the month, however, is very lovely, and the crimson and russets and golds linger long on the trees ; but this year the trees put on their dolphin-hues early, and the fall of the leaf had already begun in September. In long droughts the leaves turn brown and withered, and when the rain comes the ascending sap seems to throw off the sickly foliage. We must not, however, forget that the
melancholy season is necessary to complete the great circle of Nature. The rains fall on the earth to glide by brooks and rivers to the sea, making earth green as they pass, and the sun sucks them up from ocean to restore them again in refreshing showers. So the leaves fall to rot in the moist autumn, and crumble in the winter frosts, that they may return to enrich the soil and climb again next spring to verdant life in bud and blos- som. So the world's great wheel ever re- volves; and so life revolves too; our trou- bles, our sorrows, our losses are sent that they may in time bring us lessons of patience, to teach us to wait until they blossom into blessings and benefits. We must not, there- fore, be too ready to murmur at the sad fall of the year. The first puzzle I shall give you is appro- priate to the month, and the thoughts to which it gives rise. (A.) DIAMOND PUZZLE. I. A vowel and an interjection, Like nothing on a brief inspection. 2. A cord that seems to be but small, But oft is strongest of them all. 3. A very pleasant sort of pie, The crust is light, its shape is high. 4. What this word is you wish to learn : It's what the wheels do when they turn. 5. When you have found your funny bone, It's somewhere near this be it known.
6. Of this it is the highest praise To say it bets not, though it lays. 7. A letter of the A B C- A portion of the verb ' to be.' A month the perpendicular you'll find, The horizontal means to roll or wind. I shall still follow up the same idea in the pictorial puzzle, which comes next. It is (B.) A PICTORIAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I wish, as I look at the trees in the whole word above, that we had more trees in our open spaces in London. In Paris every Boulevard has its row of shady limes, and the squares-which are open to the public, by the way-are full of fine trees and shrubs of every description. The effect to the eye is so pleasant and refreshing, to say nothing of the comfort of the cool shade, and the healthy work that the lungs of the tree do in purifying the air for human lungs. There are many trees in London, I know, even in the City; but they are in exclusive squares, or bricked in with walls. They always seem to me like prisoners as they fling their branches over the lofty walls, and remind me of Sterne's starling, with the pitiful cry, "I can't get out !"
My next puzzle will be about a tree-a buried one. It is rather a fit subject for the closing of the year, for coal consists really of buried trees, and the time is coming when we shall be glad to see it sparkling in the grate. (C.) A BURIED TREE. There is a tree buried in the dead leaves here. Search for it, and after a while a few of its parts will reveal themselves to you. Here is one portion of the tree, see if you can discover what it is. Dear me ! Here we have come on a large stone. We shall have to lift it with a crow- bar. Keep on digging round it, while I raise it. Ah, there it comes. Now see what is hidden under it. Tell me its name. And now we have come on a mouse's burrow. Did you not see it run? Kneel down and put your hand in the hole, and see if there are any little mice in the nest. No ! Then dig away, and we shall soon unearth another portion of the tree. Here it is ! Lift that carefully, for it is very rotten. Mind you don't slip. I think we have another bit here. Yes ! I fancied as much. Now dig away again! I think, though, that slab ought to be moved further away, or we shall not have room enough. Push it away-or tie a rope round it and haul it off. Now we have got it nearly all uncovered. A little more digging and then we'll get the rope round it. Haul away! Yeo, heave ho! Hooray! Huzza ! Huroo ! There it is, every bit of it. I shall next give you some more Meta- morphosed Substantives. They are really so very easy, if you will only give a little thought and trouble to them, that I am surprised so few of you have discovered how to make out last month's ones; although I find my little people are dreadfully forgetful, and in a month cease to remember every word I have impressed upon them. If I could only show you for once how very, very few take the pains to keep the rules, I think you would be astonished. Papers are generally sent in written on both sides, or with letters on the same sheet as the answers, and the an- swers are jumbled up anyhow-A. H. F. C. D. G., and so on-and the names are very rarely put to the solutions. I will this time give a slight clue to the metamorphosis. The first is a class of people who desire to be appointed to certain posts or places. The second are soldiers told off for special duties. The third is a charlatan.
(D.) THREE METAMORPHOSED SUBSTANTIVES.* I There will be no excuse for those who can't find out that with a little trouble. I shall now give you another seasonable puzzle, which will be- (E.) A HANDFUL OF OCTOBER FLOWERS. I. Two-thirds of twenty-four hours; an aspi- rate ; and half of " subject to." II. Porcelain; two-thirds of a donkey; and a classical word meaning " thrice." III. A precious metal; a headless fowl; and an implement of punishment. IV. A note in music; to sell; and two-fifths of a mistake. V. Three-fourths of an orifice; two-thirds of an insect; and a German wine. VI. A quiet colour; rapidity; and a receptacle for water. There are not, alas ! so very many flowers in autumn that you should have much difficulty in discovering the small handful I have been able to gather for you. The hedges are fast losing their bright carpet of blossoms, and in * In drawing this I have accidentally reversed the " 1 "s and Sd" s.
the garden we are puzzled to keep the beds bright, or find the necessary ingredients for making a button-hole. Prudent gardeners have long since looked forward to this time of the year, and have made provision to keep up some show. They have a few plants somewhere in an out-of-the-way corner to fill up gaps in the ranks. It is all the more necessary because just before the time of scaicity has been the time of the wildest luxuriance; for at the end of September the plants, refreshed by rain and warmed by the lingering sun, have been running riot, and even the most trimly- kept parterres show a little wildness. The prudent gardeners I have spoken of who are able to keep up still some show have put in seed long since to meet their wants now. They keep in mind the old saw which I will give you in (F.) A PICTURE PROVERB. -m In the next place I shall give you- (G.) A SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WVORD PUZZLE. I. When night has spread its gloom Across the azure cope, It gleams o'er daylight's tomb, Like dying Christian's hope.
II. I have a wee bairn of my own, So wee she is in frame, That she is aye among us known By this, her wee pet-name. III. The chancel-door is ivy-grown, And o'er the old oak gate, Behold deep-carven on this stone This word and then the date. Iv. He is a man Of Hindustan, Whose constant toil Makes rich the soil. About this season our migratory birds of one sort leave us and are succeeded by the wild fowl which come to winter in our com- paratively warm climate. My next puzzle will be about one of our autumn visitors, who makes his appearance now in quiet and secluded pools and streams. I shall give it you as' (H) A PICTORIAL CHARADE. 1,SylloaW f iSY hl /le You will find it easier to discover him in my puzzle than to catch him as he swims in his accustomed haunts, for he has a habit of disappearing as suddenly as if he were a stone flung into the water, leaving not a ripple to show where he has dipped. Pre- sently he comes up with a pop, as if he were a cork; but you must hardly breathe if you
want to see that part of his performafiee, for he is very timid, and will glide away unper- ceived under the water far out of your sight if you make the slightest noise. His feathers are so glossy that when he comes up, shining like patent leather, you can hardly fancy that he has been really submerged for some minutes or so under the water. My next puzzle shall be- (I.) A PROVERB IN RHYMIE. How sweet it is when all's as still as night, To sit beside the moss-grown village well, And on its surface note the stars that light, When daylight ends, the heaven's cerulean height, Like beacon-fires on well-watched citadel. I'm afraid the picture is like the little bird, not often seen, at all events just about now. For the nights are misty and heavy, and the stars seldom glitter as they will do in the frosty nights of winter by-and-by. I am now going to give you a new kind of puzzle. I don't think you will find it hard, for I observe you are most of you pretty strong in your geography, to judge from the number that guessed my map last month. My new puzzle is- Six COUNTRIES. 1 ,1f I ý
I shall now give you- (L.) A LOGOGRIPH. I am a word of eight letters, meaning whatever belongs to a civilized continent. My i, 7, 3 is an organ ; my 3, 4, 5, i is a cable; my 5, I, 7 is a vegetable; my 5, 6, 7, 3 is a fruit; my 5, 6, I, 3, is to gaze into; my 8, I, 7, 5 is a sort of tide ; my 3, 7, 5, I is a bird seed; my 8, 7, 5 is a short sleep; my 8, 7, 5, i is part of a neck; my 3, 7, 5 is aknock; my 5, 7, 3, 6 is to peel; my 7, 5, i is a climbing animal; my 5, 2, 3, 6 is un- sullied; my 3, i, 7, 5 is to. harvest; my 3, 6, 2 is to regret; my 8, I, 7, 3 is neighbour- ing; my 5, 4, 3, 6 is a duct; my 5, 7, 8 is a vessel; my 5, 3, I, 6, 8 is to arrange plu- mage; my 5, 4, 2, 3 is to rain heavily; my 5, 6, 8 is an implement; my 3, 4, 2, 5 is an auction; my 5, 3, 2, 8, I is a plum; my 5, 3, 4, 7 is a kind of boat; my 8, 4, 3, 6 is at the mouth of the Thames; my 2, 5, 4, 8 is a preposition ; and my 5, 2, 8 is a joke. My last puzzle will be- (i M.) A PICTORIAL SQUARE-OF-EVERY-WORD- PUZZLE. For or-Essy - For our Essay we will have-
(N.) A PROSE ESSAY. AUTUMN. It must not exceed two sides of note paper. I hope, as we have not had one for some time, my young people will turn back to the di- rections I gave some months since, as to the way in which a prose essay should be written; that is, in three paragraphs-" the starting of the subject "-" the reflections and arguments on the subject"--and "the winding-up of the subject." I shall not tell them in which month it was that I gave these hints; for I feel sure it will do you all good to go back and refresh your recollections ge- nerally with the rules and directions I have given you from time to time. I must now get on to the Solutions and lists of correct guessers. SOLUTIONS. A. Double Acrostic :- P o P I mag E C inderell A K aja C I nc H N os E G a S B. Metamorphosed Substantives :- Bar(rel), 0, nets. --. Baronets. Match, may, curs. = Matchmakers. Cap, I, TA, Lists. = Capitalists. C. Buried Fruits :- i. mayhap ple/case = apple. 2. ripe a real = pear. 3. crop luminous = plum. 4. escape a chance = peach. 5. going rap everlastingly = grape. 6. some long = melon. D, Pictorial Charade :- Neck, tar, inn = nectarine. E. Diamond Puzzle:- A SPY PERR V DE L I G H 'T HOT C K S T01
F. Pictorial Double Acrostic. G uine A R ea P A 1 P P upi L E ndiv E S wis S G. Charade:- Part, Ridges. = Partridges. H. Phancy Photograph. K, in G. Coffee = King Coffee. I. Logogriph :- Fruitage. K. Square-of-Every-Word :- CART A LO E ROPE TEE S. For L. see Answers. The following have answered all Puzzles correctly :- Ella and Missy; Tommy Dod; Mabel Woodhouse and .Maud Stanton; Florence Jewell; Adela. The following have answered those Puzzles whose initials are appended to their names :- Double Daisy of Dieppe and Matthew Walker, C D E F G H1I K; Alice, Kittie, and Nellie, CD FGHIK; Eunoporoi, A CDEFGHI K; A. M. P., ACDEFGHIK; Lenore, C D E F HI K ; Wildrake and Mabel Peake, A C D B F G H I K; Typpetywychette, C D E G H I K; Die Zauberflite, A CDE F G HI K; Chrydabel, C D EC G HI K; Sylvia and Beatrice Baldwin, A C D E F G H I K; Oranges and Lemons, A C D E F G H I: Emma and Cousin Anne, C DE FGNHIK; Kittums, ACDEFGHIK: Cvmro, A CDFGHI K; Drake, Duck, and Pig, C DEFG HI ; Edith Budden, A C D E F G I I K; Cornelius Dabber, A C DEFG HI K; Pheenie and Minnie, A CDE F G I K; True Blue, C D G H I; Emily Agnes, A C D G H I IK Lotus, C.,D E ,F G H I K; Maggie, John, and Archie, C D F G IH I K; Winifred Sullivan, A C D E FG H K; Frank and .Elsie, CDF G HIA ; Maude Mary, A C D F G HI K; Rosa Sillitoe, A C D " GC HI K; Christina McDiarmid, A C DEG HI K; Mabel and Nem Bradley, CD G HI K; Ada, Edith, and Beachie, C D G H I K; Hurrican Hurry, D G /: Patrick and Bessie, D G H I K; Jumping Jehosophat, A C D FGHI K; Edie Gosset, A CF G HIK; Old Bandinel, A CD E F G I K; Cornubia, ACD F G HI K; Minnie W.,A CDEFGHIK; Rupert Mason,ACDEGHIK; Clarita, A C D F G HI K; Snowdrop and Lily of the Valley, CDGH IK ; Eyebright, C E F G H I K; Caius, C D G HI K; Taffy, CD 1 C HII :; Nellie Macdonald. A CD I FGHI'K; Corsair, A CDE F G (;HI K; Lilla and E Hut- ton, A CDEG HI A; Ariel, ACDEGHI A; Wild Rose and Humming Bird, A C D I G H I K; Rose Mary Leslie, CDE F G H I; Weathercock. C I)E F G HI K; Rosy Jackson, A CDE F G HI K; Cecilia, C D EG lI K; L. L. Nicholls, C I) E F G H I K; Dorothy Tyler, A C D E F G HI A"; Lottie, A C D E FG HIA; Amy E. Stephens, A C D G I K; Bandersnatches, A C D) G H I A Dharwar, C 1D 1 F G II K; Sticcomentoe, C D 1 II KI A; Princess Esmeralda, C D SI GC I K; Thedi, Daymora, and Tibeer, CD F F G H I K': Little Snodgrass and Scotch Thistle, A C 1) F G H I K; Buttercup and Daisy, C D E F GHI; Marie, CDEGHIA ; Prussian, CDFCHI K; Lady of the Lake and Isabel, C D E F G H I K; Bluebell, C D G H I K; Black Prince, C D G H1 I K; Agnes and Rebecca
Storie, C D E G H ; Annie Gertrude Drew, C D EGHI; Minnie and Kitty Ingamells, C D F G HI K; Organblower, A CDG HI K; Ilfracombe Bouquet, CD E G HI K; May Tatum, C D G H I K; Jack and Gill. C D E G H I K; A. M. Y., A CD E F G HI K; Fallada, Curdie, and the Geese, C D E G HI K;: Amy and Maggie, C D F G H IK; Cockroaches, A C D E F G H K; E. M. Cooper, DEH IK; Heartsease, CDEFG HI K; Honora, CD F G H K: Arthur's Popgun, C D E G HIK; Luise and Janette, A C D EFGHIK; Nero, A CDE FG HIK; The Brat, CD F G H I K ; Nellie and Edith Stevens, A C DE GHIK; Charlotte, D H; C. J. Powell, A CDE FG H IK; W. H. Rankine, C D E G H I K; Teacup and Teaspoon, A CD E F G H I K; Maude C. Tipple, C D E G HI K; Emerald, A C D G H; Alice's Oak Tree, C D E G H I K; Willie F. Horton, A CD GHIK; The Red Queen, A C DEFGHI K; Orang Outan, B C D G HI K; Nora E. Bawcutt, C D G HI K; Myosotis and Syringa, C D G I ; Winifred Eyres, C D E F G HI K; Pussie Secunda, C D E F G H I I; Florence Gibbs, CDEFGHIK; A. J. Rigge, CDEGHIK; A Bunch of Gods, CDGHIK: The Dodo, DGHI K; Ursa Minor, CDEFGHIK; Dombey and Son, A CDE FG HI K; Lucy Morris, A CDE F G HI K; M. Hope, C D E G H I K; Edith Emily Harris, A C D 1, G HI K; Mary and Jessie Wilson, C D E G H I K; Florence Mary Scallon, A CDEFGHIK; Whilhelmina, CEGHI.; A. L. R., C DEGHIK; Ellen Wade, C H; Emmie, A CDE F G HI K; Angelita, C D G H I K; Edith Cadogan, C D E F G HI K; Valentine and Daisy, C D E G H I K; Woodbine, A C D EFGHIK; Amy and Jessie Herbert, CDE FGHIK; Edith and Isabel Meyrick, A CD F. G HI K; Sweetbriar, CD FGHIK; Trois Sceurs, A CDEGHIK; N.J.G. Ravenor, CD F HI K; J. and G. Macdonald, A C D E G H I K; R. D. Purves, A CDE I ' I I K; Bessie, CDE F HI K; Puck and Mary, A CDE F G HI K; Claude Lowe, C D E G HI K; Mary E. Fendall, CD EG HI K; Ayacanora and Frank Leigh, CD E GHIK; Marta, CDGHIK; Luigia, BCDE F G HIK; Saucy Wee, C D EG HIK; Aubrey and Beatrice Beevor, C DE F G H I K; M. F. B., C D EG HI K; Innes, A CDE F G HI K; Joshua Rogers, ACD GHI K; Dolly Earnshaw, ACD E FG HIK; Titus and Dancing Dromedary, A CD E G H IK; Laburnum, Clematis, and Canariensis, C D E G H I K; Tweedledum, C DE FGHIK; H. W. L., CDEGHIK; Effieand Ally, CD E G II K; Simon de Montfort, D E H I K; Deborah Dottie, CDBE HHI K; M. F. L. B., CDEGHIK; Balbus, CD G HI K; Alice Freetnantle, CD FG HI K; Mossrose, A B C D F G H I K; Wynyard, C D E G H 1 K; T. C. Hughes, B CD EI'GHIK; Severn, CDEFGHIK; Lily of the Valley, A C D E F G I I K; Nelly Beveridge. C D E G 1I K; Lizzie C., A CDG If I K; Louie, B C D EG H I K; Candytuft, A C D E F G H K; Padishah Doodeen, A C D E FG HI K; Carolus, CD) G HI K; Tommy Bozey, A C D E F G H I K: Holly and Mistletoe, CD E G HI K; Princess Sheila, A CDE F G HI K; Neddums and Bee, A C D E/," G 11 I; Corkscrew, 1) H K; H. Marshall; CDE F G H IK; Moyola and Buskin' Burn, A C D E G HI K; W.A.P., A C DE F G HI K; The Graces, CDEG H KD; A. Maori,C SG HIr K; Charlie and Percie Carryer, C D E F G H I K Periwinkle, C DE G H I IK; Sallie, Dottie, Kit, and Co., A C DGHI K; Ada Mason, A C D Eo Si G H IC ; Kate and Mary Elgin. A C D ElA C I I K; Codling, C DE G HI K; Clara and Herbert, A C D E GH; A ; W. and D. Shearer, CDGH IK; Geo. Smetham, A C E D F G I I K; Nellie Hatton, A C D I " G H K; Clara Cecilia Porter, C D . G H/I ; Gemini A CDE IP" G I 1 KA; Primrose, C D G HI A; Mabel E. Walmisley, A C D ES (H H I K; Jessie Maria SiGtinonds, A C 1) G H I I" ; Weddie, C D E G / I K; Ginks' Iaby, C D SI HI li; Cat, Pug, and Fudge, C D G H I K; Yorkshire Lassie, A C D E F G I i K; Ber and Polly- wog, A CD F GH ; H. Edith Upton, A C D E F; HI K; Sea-Anemone, C e i G H I K ; Wills, A CD G H I K ; Margarette and Dora Sharpe, C I) E F G H I K ; C. R. Tele- graph, C DB ; G IMI I i; Leclo, A C D G 11 I KA; Marion Maud, CDEFGH I A; Hetty Comber, CD E GI/In ; M. Stephcns, A C D E 1" G H I K; Amy and Constance, A C DE1"GI 1hK; Katie Macandrew, B C D EFGHIK; Snooppetts, A C D E Ib" G 1I A; Unadilla, A C D H G HI IC; Viscountess and Josephine, C D E G 11 I K; Octopus, A C D I' G h11 1 A'; Blue Bell and 'rib, C 1) E G Il KC; Gertie and Katie, A C 1) E F G 11 II A-; Alice Stronach, C D E I" CG I I K; Edmondo Damnas, C F G H11 I K; A. E. Hayward ; A C D (G II I A'; Mary Blanche Hayward, A C D 1" (; 1 IA ; Irish Ivy, C ) E GP H I I ; Paul and Virginia, A CD FGHI K; I'olypsenmus A C DFG f I K; 'T'hree lears, C D E GC I A'; Alice Mary Pace, C D E C 1 1; Ella Simey, C D F G 1 A'K; Pendragon, C I) E F G H I K; Fanny Hall, C) " I G 11'1 'i; Hans Sterk, A C D A G HI K ; J. and J. Williamson, B C D Eli' G H I l ; H. B. Clark, C D II; Eddie Sullivan, A C D E I G IC I ; Mary Henri' etta, C DE P" G H I K; ILilian anti Gertrude, C E F G H I A'; Gowny, A CD E (; P II IK ; George I)uthie, C D H; J. Lovel and Fred Miner, D G II I A ; J. and WV. Tl'homson, A C CG H I A'; Celestine, A C E (; II K'; Edward, A C D P I1 I A'; Marion Fox, C D (; 1/ A ; Fridzwede, A C D B G I I A; Honeysuckle, C D E G 1 I IK: Lilian, C -D -G( I I A': Isabella [latch, C DE E; C II I K ; Beat- rice Manton, C II A'; \White Cockade, A C D P G 1II A';
The Cornish Trio, A C D F G Hi 1 I ; Emmie Clapham, C D H K; Punch and Judy, A CD E F GH IK; Aggie and Jessie, C D E G HI K; Lewis Clapperton, C D E G HI K; Roel, A CDE F G HI K ; Edith, Henry, and Blanche, A CD F G H J K; Mary McEwen, C D H I; Stanley Flint, C D G HI K; Hetty and Nelly, CD E F G HI K; Ethel, Pollie, and Maggie, C F G H I X; Mother Carey s Chickens, A C D E F G H I K; Charley Mathews, C D HE ] K: Gilponswild- red, A C D G H I K; Grey Parrot, A CD G HI K; Absalom and Achitophel, A C D E F G H I K; Chestnut, A C D E .' G HI K; Ada and Annie, C D E F G HI K; King Victor, CDE G HIK ; Alice Wade, D HI; Peg and Laughing Gas, C DE F G HI K; Lalla Rookh, CD FGHI K; H. S. J. V. T., CDFGHI K; Lily Lightheart, A CDE F G HI K; Rustic, A CD FG HIK; Chim, CDFGHI K; Edith Lack, A CDE F G I I K; Sunshine, CDEGHIK; Snowdrop and Crocus, C D E G HI K; Edith Mary Glover, CDEGHIK; Jeanne and D'Arc, CD GHIK; Katie, Eddie, and Gus, D G H I K; Toby, A CDEFG HI K; Amy Measor, CDEG HI K; Grinning Darky, C D F G H I K; IEulalie, C D G HI K; Butterfly, ACDE FGH IK; Penmorva, CD F G HI K; Bud, Blossom and Berry, CDEG HI K; Frisky, CDE F G HI K; Rhinoceros and Hippopotamus, C G I K. In (L) Unwedded Rhymes, I am rather disappointed, for there is only one who can claim place in the First Class, and that is Tommy Dod, whose lines I print. AN ORCHARD IN AUTUMN. 'Tis Autumn :-let us early seek The apple with its rosy cheek; See the heavy-laden bough;- Leave the cornfield, leave the plough ! Around you see the foliage fade; Gone the sun, and gone the shade ! Recline no longer on the grass, Pause and gaze, but onward pass. Not now is earth with fragrance sweet, Not now the flowr's the sunshine greet, Not now the trees are fresh and green, But all is bright with golden sheen. The Second contains Winifred Sullivan; H. Edith Upton; Eunoporoi, Gemini, and Christina McDiarmid. In the Third Class I place Hetty and Nelly; Baby May ; Ursa Minor; Tommy Bogey; and Old Bandinel. The commended are Maude Mary; M. Stephens; T. C. Hughes; Edith Budden; Rosy Jackson; Heartsease; A. M. P. ; and Double Daisy of Dieppe. When I come to my correspondence, I find I have to thank many of my little friends for kind wishes and congratulations, which I do very gratefully. Amy, and Lizzie Drum- mond send me their photographs, and Blue Bell incloses three water-coloured pictures, her own doing, and asks me to guess "which is me ?" I suppose she means " which is I?" and I reply that I think it must be the top one, as the others are clearly carica- tures. Others have sent me flowers, and I have received some very pretty seaweeds too ; for all of which I am much obliged. Ursa Minor I must thank separately for the very tasteful little initial to her letter. She ought to cultivate her talent. I fear her proposi-
tion about the prizes is quite impracticable, as many pilgrims live in Scotland or a long way from town. Kittums has been very fairly successful in her coloured sketch; I shall be very pleased to see more. Curdie's rabbit is well enough except the colour-at least I think green rabbits are not common. Perhaps, however, it was painted by candle. light when it is not easy to distinguish colours. Jack Easy's portrait of his dog Neptune is very spirited and clever. I am glad to hear that so many pilgrims have been away for holidays at lots of nice places, and have enjoyed themselves so much; and I hope not many of them were so unlucky as to lose their luggage, as Laburnum did on her return from Harlech. Perhaps some of the well-known "Men of Harlech" have "marched" off with it. I am afraid Ariel's anemone will want more light and air than it will get in a stone jar. A shallow pan with water enough to cover it half-an-inch, would be better, and she must put some growing green seaweed in with it. I am sorry to hear that Mary Fendall lost her tame bullfinch; but I don't think it is wise to take pets about to strange places when you are holiday-making, as the change and strange cats may kill them. Thedi has been living in Arran somewhat in Robinson Crusoe style, which must have been very jolly; and Lady of the Lake and Isabel have been to the Rhine, Switzerland, and Paris, which they must have enjoyed very much, I am sure; and Christina McDiarmid has been treading in the foot- steps of Jeanie Deans at Roseneath. I have had my longest holiday for many years, and spent it most agreeably in France, at Dieppe, Paris, and Rouen, which have all distinct features of their own ; the first, the sea and the beautiful Norman scenery around it, including the famous old chateau of Arques; the second, its glorious galleries and museums, its noble buildings, streets, squares, and gardens; and the last, its treasures of old architecture in churches and mansions of the most exquisite kind. Honora wants to know the right way to spell the Scotch word " gude," but I fancy it is a matter of taste. Some write " gude," and others "guid," and though I'm Scotch by descent, my ear is not sufficiently acquainted with the pronunciation to decide on so fine a distinction of sound. Probably in various parts of Scotland the pronunciation changes sufficiently to account for the difference of spelling. I must apologise to one or two corre- spondents for errors in their names last month. My sister was kind enough to relieve me of some of my work during my
holiday by writing out the answers, and as she is not so well acquainted with the writ- ing and signatures as I am, she here and there made a slip, for which, however, I think indistinct writing was at times more to blame than anything else. Aggie may send the book, and I shall be happy to have her answers from school, but I hope she will not neglect her lessons for Puzzledom. It seems I must have been confusing Cook's Voyages with some other book in the matter of the kajac. I used to have a passion for reading about travels, when I was a boy, so perhaps the kajac was in some other history of discoveries. I can remember the picture of the Esquimaux in his kajac spearing a narwhal, very distinctly. It was a long skin boat, like a racing skiff, something, but covered, like a canoe, and propelled with a canoe paddle. I may inform Wynyard and several other new pilgrims, that I am very happy to enrol them in our band. Several correspondents write in the interests of White Cockade, and suggest elementary books on geometry. They are "Right Lines in their Right Places," Hawtrey's "Introduction to the Elements of Euclid " (Longmans, price two shillings) and " The First Grade Practical Geometry," by John Kennedy, price sixpence. Now we come to the great " Pets " discus- sion. I have a fresh addition to mine in the shape of a little cut-throat sparrow, who is most amusing. When he is going to sing he holds himself bolt upright, and sets every feather on end, to look big and important, and all the time he is singing turns his head from side to side in the most affected way, as if to watch if everyone is admiring. And after all, the song is such a funny little twitter ! Sometimes when he is much noticed, he will keep jumping up and down while he sings, as if he were dancing " The Cure." He is a source of infinite bewilderment to the parrot, who sticks his head on one side and contem- plates him in wondering silence, as if he could not understand why we notice such an insignificant little thing. Poll has had some difficulty in imitating the very subdued twitter, in a sort of whisper. Corkscrew will find patience the only means for teaching her dog tricks. She must keep at it until she has made him understand what she wants, and reward him when he does it. Prussian may teach his " cur dog " to swim, by patience too, and must never throw him into the water. But some dogs are not by nature given to swimming, and so can't learn. Clara Cecilia's experience of hedgehogs is more encouraging than mine, as she says
hers cleared the house of cockroaches. Her white rat must be a capital pet, and very tame to run about with the mice in such a friendly way. She should call him Snow. Lalla Rookh has seen elephants' tongues often, she bids me tell Edith, Henry, and Blanche. I cannot guess what ailed her black- bird, probably a cold, as the warmth of the fire restored it; or perhaps it was moulting, as all birds do about now, and often suffer severely from the effort of growing new feathers. My peacock is just now much tried in growing his fresh plumage, and has to be fed well with liver and honey, and a'l sorts of delicacies. I don't think Snowdrop was right in putting her tortoise in water unless it was a water tortoise; and she should not have placed lettuce in the sea-water with her anemones, as it would turn it bad. Ger- trude is quite right not to have her old dog killed; mange is curable, and with care she may prolong her pet's life for some time. She is not right about a common snail in a fresh water aquarium. It should be a water snail, which can be found in any pond; but I doubt their usefulness, as they are apt to nibble off the leaves of the growing plants, and the more growing things the better for the fish, so long as the aquarium is not choked up altogether. It is easy to clean the front glass now and then if you want to see what is going on inside. I must tell Lily that I had my little white kitten brought over early in September, and he is quite good friends with the other cats and the dogs. His sister lives next door, but they don't agree very well. I regret to say he does not wash himself as much as he should, and looks a regular little sweep some- times. Maude will find round aquariums-that is, inverted bell glasses-much cheaper than square ones, but they are apt to burst. The prices differ according to size. I have by me a catalogue of Radclyffe's, in High Holborn, which gives for a round aquarium seven and sixpence, for a square one a guinea. These are the smallest sizes. Sometimes you can buy one second- hand very reasonably, but you should first try it to see that it does not leak. To start it you should first cover the bottom an inch and a half at least with fine gravel well washed. For weed, the two best kinds are Valisneria or Anacharis. The former must have the root squeezed up in a ball of clay, and buried under the gravel. The second, if a few stalks are flung in, will throw down white mooring-roots and flourish where all else fails. Any green growth on the sides should be left alone. At this stage it
may be kept in the light to encourage vege- table growth, but when the living creatures are put in, the side nearest the window should be kept dark, because in ponds the light comes from above, not through. Under any circumstances the water must not get warm. When the weed is well established, you may put in your fish. Small gold fish are hardiest and prettiest, or carp will do, and minnows. Other fish are delicate, except the stickleback, which is very interesting, but is so pugnacious that it must have an aquarium to itself. Efts and most water-beetles are dangerous, as they eat the fish, and the latter will fly out at night. I don't think snails useful or ornamental, but caddis worms are curious. If you are in London you can get these at Green's or other shops in Covent Garden; if you live in the country, you can supply your- self, weeds and all, from the nearest pond by means of a muslin net-only mind the leeches ! I feed my fish with the inside of cracknel biscuits soaked for a time before using. Bread crumbs are apt to swell. Don't give too much. A small worm at times is good for fish, and will cause a great chase. Above all, be careful not to put too many live things in.* I am much obliged to Ludmila for her letter about canaries. Birds, like children, have characters of their own, and some will build nests for themselves, while others require to have them made for them, just as some hen canaries will break their eggs, or kill the chicks if much noticed, whereas others seem to be proud to draw their owners' at- tention to them. Simon de Montfort should give his guinea- pigs oats sparingly twice a-day, with dande- lion, plantain, and sow thistle, and some- times as a treat a few tea-leaves. They also like carrots, apples, parsley, and bread-and- milk, and will drink milk or water. * To imitate natural conditions is the secret of success, and so the less the aquarium is disturbed the better except by an oc- casional whipping up of the surface as if by the breeze, care being taken not to injure the fish in the process.
Terence has sent me a queer little pre- served lizard from Jamacia, not much bigger than a large cockroach. It would have kept better in spirits, as it has shrunk to a mummy now. Sticcomentoe wants to know how to pre- pare skeleton leaves. It is a long and deli- cate process. The leaves should be picked in summer, put in water, and exposed to the sun. They should be mature, but not begin- ning to fade. In a couple of weeks the most rotten should be picked out and placed inr fresh water, but should be lifted out on card and not handled. The green matter must then be removed by stippling, as it were, not sweeping, with a camel's hair paint- brush, and then blanched in a solution of chloride of lime, and finally dried in an oven carefully, or before the fire. They look well grouped on dark cloth or velvet. After some experience, you may also try your hand at skeletonizing seed-vessels, such as henbane, thorn-apple, or poppy. I am glad to be able at last to tell my young friends what the prizes 'are which will be awarded to the most successful guessers. The Proprietors of" Good Things" inform me that the list is as follows :- FIRST PRIZE- The presentation for one year to a cot in the East London Children's. Hospital. SECOND PRIZE- Books, value ,/4. THIRD PRIZE- Books, value 1£3. FOURTH PRIZE- Books, value £2. FIFTH PRIZE- Books, value £i. With this notice I must say good-bye until: next month.
i ,./i