RECREATION COL UMN. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 52.
Answer to W. J. G.'s. Puzzle.-W.. M. B. sends us the following rhyming reply, in the shape of a charade: My 2, 5, and 1 is a part of most men ; My 5, 7, 1 may be claim'd by a hen; My 3, 5, and 6 is the name of a fish; But to trouble you further it is not my wish; My whole then will give you the telegraph name, Spelt backwards or forwards 'tis always the same. Of course the solution is " GLENELG."-Plain replies were furnished by Henry H., J.T.S., Emma, and "Billy Barlow." Answer to S.S's Rebus.-WARD, DRAW ; RAW, WAR; WAD, DAW.--(Daw is the intransitive form for dawn.) -By Hampden, J.T.S., Excelsior, Brom- byte, S.S., and Croton. Answer to Arithmetical Question.-The weight of water that will over- flow will be 29 pounds 11i ounces, (avoiding minute fraotions) and the oak will immerse itself in the water to the extent of twenty-nine thirtieths of its diameter.-By E.C., Manfred, J.B.B., and Watson.' CHARALDE S. 1. (By J.B.H.) I hope that you are my first; I see that you are my second . and I know that you are my whole. 2. (By J.R.) My first in kid gloves oft we see; My second's an uncertain quantity; My whole what ladies like to be. 3. (By WATrsoN.) Safe on a fair one's arm my first may rest, And raise no tumult in a husband's breast ; My second may the want of legs supply To those who neither creep, or walk, or fly; My whole's the rival of the fairest toast, And when it's most admired it suffers most. ENIGMAI (By IsA.) 1'x very small, I'm very round; In silver-mines I'm always found; In pleasant dell, nor gloomy cell, I'm never found; but, strange to tell, I dwell in mountain, cliff, and plain; And form an attachment as though bound with a chain. Now, ladies, I hope you'll find out my name. RIDDLE (BY R.E.) MY house is marble, white as milk, And lined throughout as soft as silk There, in a fountain, crystal clear, A golden apple doth appear No door have I to my stronghold, Yet thieves break in, and steal my gold. ARITHIIETICAL QUESTIONS, (BY PHIL.) 1. Divide 240 into three parts, so that one of them being divided by eight, another by six, and the other by four, their quotients and remaind- ers will be equal. 2. Two boys counted the marbles which each had got. A says to B, " Give me four of yours, and I shall have double your number." "Nay (says B), but give me half of yours, and I shall have three times yours, minus 4." How many had eaoh boy?