RECREATION COLUMN. [ ** No puestions insertedl unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 76. Answer to Enigma.
BlsMAut (properly Bismarck)-Ethmy, Sandhurst; Linnmus ; Gorrie, ' ley; Ellen J., Watson; T. 3. B.; Conway; A. R. M., Northcote; M. * ., Richmond ; T. L., Collingwood. Answer to Rebus. ANoPLoTHERIro .-Linueus ; Gorrie, Shirley; Ethmy, Sandhurst; M. . C., Richmond; Watson, E. Kelly, Fitzroy ; Narcisse ; T. J. B.; A. R. ,, Northcote; F. W., Mansfield; Bromley; E. W., North Brighton. Answer to Double Acrostic. MiA-EU --LEwIS--BEAsT-OLIvER--URANIA-REVExL-NERVII ELLA.--(Ethmy, in answering all, wishes to know if the propounder, tiding to Urania, confounds astrology with astronomy !)-Ethmy, Sand- st; F. W., Mansfield; M.E.O., Richmond; Ellen J.; Conway; W. S., ore; T. L., Collingwood; E. W. Bromby. Answer to the Selected Conundrum. siN.-Ethmy, Sandhurst, supplies the following:-All persons pro- ounceme to be a wonderful piece of mechanism, yet few have numbered p the strange medley of things which make up my whole. I have a go box (chest), and two lids (eyelids), two caps (kneecaps), two uical instruments (drums), three established measures (nail, finger, d foot), and a great many little articles that a carpentec cannot do ithout (nails). Then I always carry about with me a pair of esteemed shes (soles), a'great many of a smaller tribe (muscles), two lofty trees alms), two fine flowers (iris), and the fruit of an esculent plant apple), a handsome stag (hart, heart), two playful animals (calves), a umber of a smaller and less tame kind (hares, hairs), two halls or cee of worship (temples), some weapons of warfare (arms), a number weathercocks (vanes, veins), the steps of a hotel (instep), two students, rather scholars (pupils), and ten Spanish Grandees to wait upon me ten-done). The following poetical reply is by another lady:- A WONDEBnUL structure, surpassing all art That mortal could mould, or science impart, The last work of creation, in the perfected plan Of Almighty direction, was given to man. With a chest and two eyelids, and a cap to each knee; For'the musical instruments next we must see The pipe and the organ; if these will not do, I will throw in the bones to make melody too. Next I think that afoot and a hand and a pole, Of the three well-known measures will make up the whole. The carpenter's need, I think you'll agree, Is met, when the nails in his basket you see. Two soles, I suppose, are the two esteemed fishes, The smaller tribe, muscles, will make up the dishes. The two lofty trees in palm trees we meet, The fine flowers are two lips, whose breath is so sweet; And by fruit of the plant I think marrow is meant; The handsome young stag is a hart of content; And calves are the skittish young animals. Now To answer the next I don't really know how; For the wild little hares which in love-locks we see, Make me wish that one love-lock, at least, were for me. The sweet little temples of worship, I know, Will-ever be found on woman's fair brow.
For the weapons of warfare, I'm told, " tooth and nail." Iii my humble belief, loving arsihs will'prevail. A number of weather-cocks, truly, are veins; And the insteps, with boots, we all see when it rains. The students or scholars; bright puwpils I ween, In the eyes 'that we love may always be seen. My task is now done with the ten-don grandees- I must now take niy task to attend on the bees. The following also answer very fully :-A.R.M., Northcote; M.E.C., Richmond; Bromby ; T. L., Collingwood ; Nayler; E. W. Answer to PunnIing Charade. HEADLONG.-M.¶E. C., Richmond ; T. L., Gollingwood; Watchman. ORIGINAL ENIGMA.--BY A. R. M. I A found by nearly every human habitation, and am used for differ- ent purposes. I have hands and nails, yet no fingers, and though I have feet, I have no toes. Though not a chain, I have a number of links which are composed of nothing to be found on earth, in the sea, or sky. I also contain some of the tallest trees in the world, though I am but little myself, and the sturdy fisherman cannot dispense with an article of which I hold a great number. There is also found in me-though I have no connection with agriculture-a grain which is in great request. In conclusion, I am neither fish, flesh, nor vegetable; in fact, do not, never did, and never will exist-never was, and never will be seen, and yet, strange to say, every one uses me more or less. What am I ? ENIGMA (SELECTED). I'm borne in the pocket, am hung on the wall, And oft grace the cottage, the castle, and hall. I represent wealth in pocket or bank, Though not of much value, when first form'd a blank. I quick take the impress my owner may give; The soils from his fingers or mind I receive. I circle most articles used in a town, In colour am white, red, blue, black, and brown. Now take my first letters away from the last, You get at the name of a childish repast. Now place them together and try me again, You often confide to me pleasure or pain. If you get e'er a message from lover or friend, Most likely myself is the bearer they send. I tell you of nations, of birds, or of beast, That grace the great globe, north, west, south, and east. Now don't sit and ponder with o'erclouded brow; The fact is, good reader, you look at me now. CHARADE.-By LImNsn us. MY first is a stupid mistake, sir, And doubtless you oft times commit it; My second is sweeter than nectar, From lips that we love when we get it. But if, in attempting my second, My first you should make,-then at once, sir, I aver, it may fairly be reckoned,- On my whole, you've committed a pun, sir. NUMERICAL CHARADE.-By ScIPio. I A~ a word of nine letters, My 8, 2, 3, 4, is a weapon, My 1, 6, 9, is a biped, My 5, 6, 2, 3, 8, is a miser's treasure, And my whole is a famous composer of music. SELECTED CHARADES. 1. My first assuages the appetite of a horse, and agonises the foot of man; my second, if made of brick, is good ; if of stone, better; my whole is famous for its-(but, hold ! we ma'i make a charade upon a charade here)--take the principl produce of China, a part of the body which is black, blue, or gray, and a useful domestic bird; or rather, the three letters which, in pronunciation, resemble these things-and they will show you for what my whole is famous. 2. My first if you do, you won't hit it, My next, if you do, you won't leave it, My whole, if you do, you won't guess it. REBUS.-BY JOSEPH SINGER. Mv first, you will find, is a name, Behead, and a sport you will see; Once more I pray do the same, And a unit I surely shall be.