RECREATION COLUMN.
[WE have not received a correct reply to the questions of Pythagoras, in last Part ; the propounder's solution will therefore remain open until our next.] REPLY TO CHARADE (BY KEPLER).--Aqua-fortis.-Answered by Reefer, Henson, J.A.B., Old Salt, and T.W. (Eltham). ENIGMA, BY "OLD CRUSTY." DRAWN from the earth, a useless mass I for a while remain; And all degrees of heat I pass Ere I my beauty gain. By artist then exactly skill'd I'm with a shape endued; And, when completely finish'd, fill'd With vital flesh and blood. Much prized by every sex and age, A welcome present come; And do in divers feats engage, Of which I'll tell you some. By force the famous Gordian tie The Macedon disjoined; By force and skill in vain you try To loose the knot I bind. I Harry's plaint to Mary bear With much ingenious art; What in two hours he'd scarce declare I in two words impart. But, hold ! already I'm too far- I fear myself t' unmask. Ladies, I pray my name declare, If not too hard a task. CHARADE, BY " VERITAS." Divinz me in three equal parts; my first you'll find the end Of grandpapa's old fowling-piece or walking-stick, my friend; My centre part is just three times whatever you may do, Whether lecture on astronomy or buckle up your shoe; My last appears in summer-time, and dwells in every hall, Partakes of every dainty dish, attends the dazzling ball; My whole is seen upon the green, the gayest of the gay, Delighting on the sunny bank and sporting in its ray. PUZZLE, BY "CRICIITON." I AM composed of seven letters, forming both an adjective and a noun; the first is ever fresh, the latter an indispensable part of every house. Strange to say, although thus duplex, it takes all my seven numbers to form one word. My 4,7,5,3,1 is to take away life; my 3,6,1,4,2,7 is a surprise, which will exist no longer when, in my 6,1,2,3,5,7,4, you have found me out. ARITHMETICAL QUESTION, BY " NEW CHUM." THE length of a military pace, both in slow and quick time, is 30 inches; in double time, 36. The number of paces taken in a minute in slow time is 75 ; in quick time, 108; in double time, 150. Now, I want to know-Ist. How many paces of each kind there are in a mile? 2nd. How far will a battalion march in an hour, at the slow, the quick, and the double ? And, 3rd. How many more paces must a man take in marching ten miles at the "quick" than him who does it at the " double ?"