RECREATION COLUMN. SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 53. ''
Answers to Charades.-1. WEL-COME.; 2. 1AND-SOMEl 3.. LMUTI-FIN. Meta, J. A., Ellen, and Excelsior answer the first only; Hampden, JT.4., and J. B. B., the second only; C. J. G., T. T., Colonial,, W. S., and Timbertoe answer all. ,. / Answer to Enigma (by IsAB.) -THE DOT OF THE LETTER . Answered by Watson, J. Chalker, Snipe, E.J.P., and T.T., Che'vVton. Answer to R. E.'s Riddle.-AN EGG. By E. C., Meta, Watson, E. J. P., and T. T., Chewton. Answers to Arithmetical Questions.-Divide 106 by 8; 80 by 6; andi54 by 4-the quotient in each case will be 13 and 2 over. 2. ., ]ad 20 marbles, and B, 160. E. F. H., answers No. 2. only.; M. B. M1Malton, T. T., I.F., M.A., and Silkworm answer both. CHARADE, (BY E. F. H.) ;i Mr first may to the ear express The worst abode of wretchedness;. My second to the eye may be An emblem of eternity; My third, which weight of figures knows, A certain number plainly shows; My fourth, to all who hist'ry read, And note its facts as they proceed; To all with wit enough to learn The proper epoch to discern, Becomes a simple indication Of half our planet's population; My whole's a boon of so much worth, That all the happiness of earth And all the harmony of heaven, With me are found, by me are given. May each to whom I now yield pleasure Obtain me, and ne'er lose the treasure. EIIGMAa, (BY J. H.) OFT sought in the country, much prized in the town; Like a king, above all, I can boast of a crown; If not found in a palace, I grace the chateau; Both the peer and the peasant my usefulness know. When I've not seen six months I am said to be old; Though exalted by nobles, I'm bought and I'm sold ; Though ne'er in a sermon, I take part in all chat; V Yet I'm ne'er found in this, but I'm always in that. I'm seen in most colours, am brown, black, or white, But am rarely found red; and, when good, I am light; In demand with both sexes, selected with care; I am prized by most men, and add grace to the fair. Of no use to my owner, while kept in his sight; I attend him by day, and oft serve him by night; As his slave, I am passive; yet, strange it may sound, To keep me in order, I'm frequently bound. My fetters are silken; I'm useless at home, Though a constant companion wherever you roam; And though no enchantment within me doth dwell, Pray tell me my name-for in that lies a spell! RIDDLE, (BY NEW CHUM.) I'VE puzzled the people who strive To tell what I am and express me; But then, there is scarce one in five That ever is able to guess me. ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS, (BY WONALL.) 1. AFTER observing a flash of lightning, I found, by my watch, that it was eleven seconds before I heard the thunder. How far was I from the cloud whence it came ? 2. Divide the number 90 into four such parts, that the first being multipbied by 2, the second divided by 2, the third increased by 2, and the fourth diminished by 2, the product, quotient sum, and difference shall all be equal. 3. Place four threes in such a way that they shall make thirty-fourl neither more nor less. Ecuo ANSWERS. OF what has Heaven given us an equal share ?-Air. What does a rumour often do when it flies ?-Lies. Which is the loveliest flower that grows ?-Rose Whose children seem to us the sweetest flowers ?-Ours. What in manner is sure to please ?-Ease. What will frequently overcome the most austere ?-Tear. What loses its flavour when we borrow it ?-Wit. What is that wealth seldom extinguishes ?-Wishes. What traits are difficult to exterminate ?-Innate.. What did Cleopatra'to her bosom clasp ?-A4. pp., t G, What enabled Newton the law of the universe to grapple ?- pple.