RECREATION COLUMN. * 1 No questions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same tinme. SOLuTIOuS TO PUZZLEs IN PART 6S.
Anicer to Enigma-THE LETTER X. By T. Burgess and C. M., Oak- k; Lianaus, C.W. Smith, Frank Fernleaf, T.T., T.D.C., Cockatoo. . wners to Conundrums--1, Because it is a quarter of YARD ; 2, Because atkes her HEAR; 3, Because hu is an adder up; 4, Because he often Eh KNIrE.-Some, or all, answered by C.W.S, F.S., T.T., Cockatoo. awer' to iiddle-WATER.-F.F., T.T. nalwers to Rebuses--1, slo(u)TH ; 2, CHUnL-LURCH.-F.F., T.T., C.M. nsteers to Charades--1, TrE CnOWN PRINCcE; 2, CASIP-DELL-TOWN.- s., F.S., T.T., T.D.C. gaers to Plat~ling Probleoms-F.F., C.W.S., T.T., T.D.C. 9 IaEES--0l ROWS. 25 IRBES--12 ROWS.
Answe'rs to Arithimetical Questions--1, SHE HAD 240 EGGS.--By Lin- nms, J. Stephens, T.T., C.M. 2-The bag contained 3124 sovereigns; and the five sons' shares were respectively: the eldest, 2500; the second, 500; the third, 100; the fourth, 20; and the youngest, only 4, thus emptying the bag.-.Answered by Linneus, J. Stephens, T.T. 3-A 23, B 47, C, 28.-T.D.C., Cockatoo. ENICGMA.-BY T. D. C., MnRIso. I MAY not be gay, but I'm useful instead; Though always in safety, ever in dread; In branches and leaves I'm compelled to be seated, Without me, a tree would be hardly completed; In petals i'm station'd, a friend to the bee, Honey could not be made if it was not for me ; 'Tis strange, though I revel in sunshine's embrace, In spring you can never catch sight of my face ; I'm fond of repose, it can surely be said, When often seen languidly dozing in bed. Employment I love ; it is part of my fate To early commence, and end always late. So find me, my friends, I'm not far away; Search well in the glae, 'tis my home every day; But if me you uiscover 'twill cause a surprise, For Im frequently roaming about in disguise. CHARADE.-By ADA D. THE breeze is fair, his bark is on the wave, And he must fly to glory or the grave; Yet though the allotted hour is over now, He lingers still to gaze upon the brow Of her he loves--her drooping form of grace Half hidden in his anguish d last embrace- And hear the sobs that from her bosom burst, As her fond lips half murmur forth my first. See how she clings around him, lovelier now Than if a host of jewels deck'd her brow ; With simple robe of white, and floating hair, My second veils her beauty from the stare Of eyes too rude to gaze on aught so fair; My second shades that arm, whose snowy grace Rivals the lilies in her drooping face. But he is gone ; the dream of love is o'er Down on the earth, as if to rise no more, The pale bride sinks. TLiey rai-o her from the ground; .And friends and kindred gather, pitying, round; My whole they sever, and through every vein The tide of life runs warm-she breathes again. REBUS.-BY A. E. W. A. I'i often found in lordly hall, S, metimes in peasant's cot Indeed it would be hard to find A house where I am not. I'm daily seen without a head, And tIhe not always true; La" ies will pride themselves in me, And decorate me too. Once more behead ; then, busy street, Or prison cell, or school, My presence courts, although I'm known O'er life and death to rule. RII)DLES.-By A. G. 1. Though I've got legs, I seldom walk; I backbite all, yet never talk. 2. Can you tell me why a hypocrite's eye Can better descry than you or I, On how many toes a pussy-cat goes ? 3. " Charge, Chester, charge ! On, Stanley, on!" VWere the last words o iMarm ion. Had I been in Stanley's place, When Mlarmiun urged himi to the chase, You then would very quick descry What draws a tear from every eye. ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. 1. By GEo. HEzIuTAoi.--A traveller starts to walk from Hobart Town to Launceston (120 miles), walkling at the rate of 16 miles a day. After hie has gone 3 i miles, another follows him, at the rate of 22 miles a day. How far from Launceston will the first be before he is overtaken ? 2. (Ser.crTEn) si--. -A crow flying over a pond espied a flock of ducks, to the leader of which ihe called out, " Good day to you and your hundred ducks." " There's not a hundred of them," was the reply; " but if there was as many again, half as many a-aiu, a quarter as many again, and myself, there would be exactly a hundred."--Hiow many were on the pond, omitting the speaking duck ?