RECREATION COLUMN, *** No questions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the sa SOLUTIONS TO PUZZLES IN PART 78. Solution of Charade sent by ETHUY.
1, THE LETTER W; 2, will; 3, wasp ; 4, warm; 5, wit; 6, Q whack; 8, whelp; 9, wall; 10, whose; 11, whim; 12, what; 13, t 14, wash; 15, double You. 1, M. A. T., of South Yarra, only, replies to this correctl Answers to Charades. orrect No. 1, ToAD-STooL.-Dora, Zaim, J. Ready, Fitzroy, Linnaus, I J. E. F. S. Funlay. No. 2, TA-cIT-us.-M. A. T., Linnaeus, Dora, J. E. FS. Finlay, Za= J. Ready. No. 3, HIP-ro-roT-AEI-US.-J. Ready, Zaim, Dora, J. E. F. , rnp, Answer to Rebus. '·- NEBUCHADNEZZAR.-Linnmus ; J. E. F. S. Finlay; bI. A.T, _ T Yarra; J. Ready, Fitzroy ; Zaim; Dora. Solution to Letter of Advice. MY son, you have two eyes, to use, Oh ! see you use them well; Who little owes, and age foresees, Shuns great excess and too great ease, May empty fools excel. O never owe to-morrow's [2-more-o's] cash, A great essay to cut a dash Brings very little ease; Let no one see you seedy be, But stop any avidity Excess of wealth to seize. The envy of your enemies Shall fail to tease and trouble you. In peace your capital enjoy, When time your forces shall destroy, And age decay and double you. Answered by ZADI ; E. W. H.; and G. Broughton. ENIGMA. By L. L. M. WrrITn the lark I am heard; Although often addressed, I make many a word, And sweet lips to me pressed, And various are my tones. Yet I never deign to reply. I am seen in all shapes, I cheer many a heart, Issue forth at all dates, But cause many a smart, And, bee-like, live in drones. And tears from many aneye CHARADE. BY B. MY first 's an interjection; and my second Holds water sometimes, othertimes is run; Causes more money to change hands, 'tis reckon'd, Than any word its size; is sometimes dun; And sometimes brown, and sometimes other coloured. In short, you see (unless you are a dullard), The syllable has meanings more than one. My whole a poet who (to make it clearer), Wrote polished verses in the Augustan era. NUMERICAL CHARADE. By ZAIm. I Ar a word of eleven letters. My 7, 8, 5, 6, 11 is to bet; my 2, 8 is the pest of the barn; my 1, 8, 3, 6 is used for horses and fish; 7, 10, 4, 5, 6, is a mechanical power ; my 11, 3, 4, 10 may be takenia morning, early, with healthy effect; and I give distinction to a wests headland in Victoria. RIDDLE. By L. L. M. A FIDDLE I have; it is but a word, So little that less was haply ne'er heard. My first you must use my second to find, It then will suggest my whole to your mind. ARITHMETICAL QUESTION. By Liss.Us. A and B leave Melbourne, on the same day, to go to a certain to A starts at half-past six in the morning, and travels at the rate of miles an hour. B starts two hours and a half after A, and travels the rate of five miles an hour. They both arrive at their deatinatioi exactly the same time. How far is the town from Melbourne; and what hour do they reach it? CLASSICAL QUERIES. WIETIrER Ilebe was really the daughter of Jupiter and Jano; an so, how could She-be Whether Homer, who wrote " Homeri Operi," over heard any O own operas performed ? Whether the hundred hands of Briareus were ever known to st at once? Whether Cerberus, the dog who had three heads, found bi undecided when he wanted to wag his tail ? 0 ,h s Whether Diana's partiality for the chase rendered her so chae Whether the fact of the cynic Diogenes living in a tub cause try and make a butt of every one 9 Whether the Dryads ever got wet ?