RECREATION COLUMN. *. No questions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONs OF PUZZLES IN PART 56.
Sply to Rebus: EMU-LATE.-Answered by J.J.C., Muckleford. Td -C. says "Catch-up," which is shrewd, but not exact), W.A., ad '. j. Carter, Adelaide, S.M., and Bobby. ~ y to Enigma: FACE.-Answered by T.D.C., Merino, J.J.C., Uckleford, S.M., W. Rolls, Sigma, and Post Office. S ly to Charade: STAG-NATIoN.-Answered by T.D.C., T. H. Carter, Adlaide, and J.J.C. Aers to Arithmetical Questions: 1. First number of shillings, four. 2 The first gets, 3 full, 1 half full, and 3 empty; the other two ~ each, 2 full, 3 half full, and 2 empty. Answered by J.J.C. Wm.
Adamson, and E.F.H., would solve the matter thus :-Empty two half-full bottles into two others already half-full; and then give each person three full, one half-full, and three empty. But that isn't allowable. ENIGMA.-BY J.R.W. I'm not a beggar, although donations And contributions constitute my wealth; No observer, although observations I oft record, nor one obtain by stealth; No miser, although I cannot impart Or give one iota of my treasure; Natural, although composed by art; Most engaged when friends are most at leisure , No harlequin, although parti-coloured, And variegated like Juno's bird; Though dealing with the wise and the dullard, I am no scholar, nor can I speak a word; Although no prisoner, and unconfined Within a dungeon's walls, 'tis true I'm bound; Although senseless, yet the loftiest mind, To friends oft condescends to hand me round; In some respects I'm like a growing tree; And, unlike many, I'm an evergreen; My leaves ne'er fall, nor struggle to get free When chilling winter's blasts blow cold and keen. I've no companions, yet-am ne'er alone In most sequester'd spot, or shady grove; There pages, busy menials ! make known My inmost thoughts, be they of hate or love. Reader, tell me what this wonder can be, In which even paradoxes agree ! REBUS.-BY G.R. My whole is a creature of fairest creation, The soother of woe through life's dreariest day ; A beautiful thing-the queen of a nation Where gallantry reigns with unlimited sway. Behead me, and then you will give exclamation To words which portray a deep feeling of pain; Behead me again, and in true exultation Behold in full dignity " Homo" again. Combine, then, my third, second, fourth, and my last, And dire misery's wail will appear to your view; Take my first, and my fourth, and again add my last, And you'll find a complexion-unhealthy, 'tis true. Go, seek, then, ye riddlers, my Protean parts; Unite them, divide them, and join them again; And when you discover this queen of all hearts, Be careful to guard the fair creature from pain CHARADE.-BY H. BEALE. WVHEN fainting from the noontide heat, My first with eager haste we greet, With face turn'd towards the sky; My second from a tree was made, That flourished in a woodland shade, But now is tough and dry. Upon my whole, in fierce array, Kings with their armies strive; Nor to each other yield the day, While one remains alive. ARITHMETICAL QUESTION.-BY GEORGE. A LEARNED doctor once was heard to say, Of all the pupils in his school, that day, One half in mathematics spend their time; In philosophy a fourth are occupied till nine Silence is observed by one seventh part; Three females also wish to learn the art. Now, would ye know how many there ye see, A number find, of which a half, a fourth, and seventh, added three, Shall equal in amount to that number be. RIDDLES.-By SPEED. 1. WHAT five consonants will spell an English word of five syllables ? 2. When is an apple doubly rotten ? 3. If a stone were thrown into Hobson's Bay, what would it become? 4.-BY W. ADAMSON. I'm up and down, and round about, Yet all the w6rld can't find me out; Though hundreds have employed their leisure, They never yet could find my measure. I'm found almost in every garden, Nay, in the compass of a farthing. There's neither chariot, coach, nor mill, Can move an inch, except I will. a