RECREATION COLUMN. #** No questions inserted unless the solutions be sent at the same time. SOLUTIONS OF PUZZLES IN PART 57.
Reply to Enigma : A BooK.-Answered by W.A., Adelaide: W.F.F., .W., Sunlight, J. Carter, S.O., and Belle Brandon. Reply to Rebus: WOMAN, O MAN, MAN, MOAN, WAN.-Answered by .Burrows, Tasman, M.A.J., Eliza B., and T.T. Reply to Charade : DRAUGHT-BOARD.-Simple as this charade is, we ,hve only received the propounder's solution, showing it to be a very good one. T.D.C. approached it, by " Starboard." Reply to Arithmetical Question : 28.-By W.A., T.T. Alpha, and Plunket. Replies to Riddles : 1, 2, and 3, partially answered by various corres- dents, but No. 4 unanswered. 1: X, P, D, N, C; 2: When it is Mrotten as a pair; 3: It would become a wet-stone. 4: A circle.- T., Chewton, and W.A., Adelaide, answer the three. ENIGMA.-BY " SOPHIA." THOUGH perfectly harmless when left to myself. I yet often prove a most mischievous elf; A comrade not seldom appears at my side, And death and destruction we spread far and wide. How many, alas ! have cause to lament That with evil companions their days have been spent; But I'll leave you to make such reflections as these, Whilst I give you a sketch of myself, if you please. You will wonder, no doubt, after what I have said, That in sickness you e'er should call me to your aid; Yet, whoever you be, I will venture to say, You have done so, or will, no doubt, some future day; Nay, start not-I come to you, then, as a friend; And perhaps convalescence on me may depend. Time was when I held a conspicuous place In the circles of fashion; but beauty and grace Long since have dismissed me their service-in truth I conferr'd the appearance of age upon youth. Thus shear'd of my honours, and finding it vain To hope in the ball-room my place to retain, I've made my retreat from the false and the fair, And come for the season to breathe country air, There on many a floweret I tranquilly rest; But I own the auricula pleases me best.
RIDDLES.-I. By Wm . ADAMSON (ADELAIDE.) I'm a soother of sorrow, a balm for all grief; In me the afflicted will oft find relief; The strong, for a time, of their power I bereave; Yet their strength I renew ere their presence I leave. To the idle I'm always a source of delight, For I put all the troubles of duty to flight. By the virtuous man I'm most easily wooed, For I fly from the base, to abide with the good. No prophet am I, yet some think that through me, Their fate in the future they plainly foresee; And may you, dear reader, if this can be true, A future of comfort and happiness view. II. BY FIGARO. WHAT is the longest and the shortest thing in the world, the swift- est and the slowest, the most indivisible and the most extended, the least valued, and most regretted; without which nothing can be done; which devours all that is small, yet gives life and spirit to all that is great? REBUSES.-I. BY J. McC. COMPLETE, I am seen in the air; Beheaded, am juice of the pine; Reversed, am but vermin. Ye fair ! My meaning now quickly divine. II. BY FELICIE. A PASSION I am, active, spiteful, and fell, Beheaded, a name I appear; Beheaded again, and the name I shall tell Of a plague which made Egypt to fear; Behead me once more, and a substance you'll find In cold weather found, and to hot days consign'd. CONUNDRUMS.-BY HARRY BARTON. 1. WHY is the piston of a pump like a poor man's dinner ? 2. WHEN are men thinner than deal boards? 3. WHEN is a pastrycook like a man taking arsenic ? 4. WHY is a Melbourne postman like a climbing esculent ? 5. WHY is the AUSTRALIAN JOURNAL like the present Governor of Victoria ? ARITHMETICAL QUESTIONS. 1. (BY NEMO).-Three ladies conversing about their ages, says Eliza, "My age is equal to that of Jane, and a quarter of Mary's ;" and Mary says, " I am as old as both of you together." Required the ages of Eliza and Mary, Jane's age being 15. 2. (BY FIGARO).-A, in a game of cards with B, lost 3-8ths of his money. Not satisfied, he would have another game, in which he won 5-12ths of all the money B had. They then agreed to have the conquer- ing-game, in which A lost 3-4ths of the money he began the last game with; and he found he had only 12s. 6d. left, whilst B had £3 12s. 6d. How much had each to begin with ? CHARADES.-I. BY " STURDY." I was my last upon my first; I was my whole some time ago; When cruel fate my lot had cast, To picture forth a scene of woe. II. AND III., BY " NATIVE." II.- I am a word of nine letters ; my 8 6 4 is a metal vessel; my 3 4 9 is a French article; my 2 14 5 may be soldiers or bushrangers; my 5 3 7 denotes gloom; my 5 1 4 8 9 indicate: merriment; my 5 3 4 8 9 shows stupidity; and my whole is agreeable to most people. II.-My first belongs to potatoes and needles, but is found in neither; I sometimes do my second to please my third; and my whole is the product of the sounds of fishes. IV. By E. F. H. MY first belongs to me alone, And is indeed so much my own It cannot be transferred; My second you have often seen, If many journeys you have been, And very often heard. My third takes life away, to give The useful greater room to live, When greater room they claim; My whole by fiction sacred made, And as you have it here pourtrayed, Gives a romance its name. Wm. ADAMSON, of Adelaide, who has contributed to the Puzzle column for some months, puts the following problem :-" Can any of your Victorian readers square any word of seven letters in the English language ? Each line must consist of a perfect word. It has been tried by many of our Adelaide youths, who, with the exception of one -and he did it with the last line composed of two words-have totally failed. No doubt this will be taken up by our Victorian friends, who will set their minds to work. I should very much like to see it done."