RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. , rF'AGRA)AMS.
(Ohanne the first letter of a word to form another word.) -Nithot, the summer winds are softly sighing, _ itbro 1 the shadows fallacross the room, -nile fr away my thoughts are swiftly flying, --d all m heart is filled with sorrow's gloom; -ris my hand I first a sacred token- rin ""y ri of myrtle, withered grown, it teyof rnithful love and vows unbroken, In days thatlong have flown. rs a stretch of years, so. darkto sunder, S.Aross. a that seem as last as winter's snow, Leong , and gaze, with dreamy wonder, In d wlien life was in its youthfunl glow. i vda upn the winds so softly stealing, ndlo anjd tender, as in days of yore, Shear a oice, so tremulous appealing, I thought to hear no more, nce more I'm standing in the flowery meadows, here orivulets pake music all day long, Where sunlight tbrough the trees casts slanting shadows, Where winds seem vieing with the birds' glad song; Once more, as in a dream, the words are spoken- A dream from which I care not to awake: "Accept this sprig of myrtle as a token, And keep it for my sake. The dream has passed away-'twas but a vision 'That pales before the one that has'to come. When life has spent its self.denying mission, When cares are laid aside, and lips are dumb, Once more we'll meet, and olden vows be plighted, . While angels chant a glad, exultant strain: Once more we'll stand together, reunited, And echo the refrain. Maaonre L. TATLon, Birkenhead. f,-To be a poet was the sole ambition Of Master Joseph Johnson Oversize; And so he did resolve to write a puzzle That in Young Folks should gain a place he'd prize; One that should far outshine the strains of Cooper, Or any other poet 6f the " T." And that would bring to himfirst everlasting, And cause his last to always honoured be. And so with that resolve he sat up nightly, The con. composing free from flaw or stain; He kept on writing till his head grew dizzy, And sadly overtaxed his feeble brain. But, after many weeks ds weary labour, His toil and trouble fully were repaid, As he fondly gazed upon the fourteen verses That formed the poem of " The Sailor's MIaid." But when the day arrived for him to send it, The precious poem was not in its place; And as in every nook he vainly hunted, There spread a look of sadness o'er his face. And suddenly the look of sadness deepened, As in the room he heard his mother speak-- "That paper with some rubbish written on it, Was used to light the kitchen fire last week I" T. BorYTON, Birmingham. 3.-I first to see the regal rose, The queen of earthly flowers; On bush or bank, where'er it grows, What perfume sweet it showers I But yet there blooms a flow'ret fair Far sweeter than the rose; In mossy dells, with beauty rare, The violet ever grows. Although I second o'er the seas, From home and friends I part, This flower retains the pow's to please, And soothe my weary heart. Thou emblem sweet of purity, Bloom on for evermore, Till, in the dim futurity, We reach the heav'nly shore. E. A. CuoxstR. 4.-Must I still be silent P Never 1 Lend me favour, Mtusa shy, That my lines may live for ever, And her primal ne'er shall die. Yield her praise in song and story, Let her last rest not between; On the highest seat of glory, Riddlers, let us place our queen. T. N1~xoN, Dudley Colliery. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. IThe final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 5.-The fairest maid in all the world. Her humble suitor, far below Her fleetest glance, yet.well content A poem to her praise to show. Cross Words. A common instrument at table- To guess it you should soon be able. A lovely little maiden's name ; We have a riddler styled the same. A portion of our mighty world, On maps its grand array unfurled. A word which " awful" signifles; You'll guess it soon I should surmise. F. J. HODGES, Greenwich. DUAGRAM. (Ohsage the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-My first is used for smoothing wood, And if you guess aright, . A thing that's used for lifting goods My next will bring to sight. D. HoDGnNeson. IONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 7.-I think that I must take a trip Before the Summer's past; Twill have to bIe by rail and ship For I shall first to last. eEn S uiL Dn BEAR. OLEGRA.l The lastletter o a word is changed to form another word.) S8.a nt I tell you what I've thought, A s for pleasure I have sought ? R iddling knighits and ladies gay, Sindly let first tell you, pray: L ately, last wish was to write Riddles gay, to give deligiit; _A nd if this should give you glee, w ell rewarded I shall be. DoRn WonaLi.. (ul th NUat ERICAL CHARADE. iOd, thaletters o Whili orm other words when rearrangeod *' 9'~-o W" as tbe numbers direct.l Theh dvieners, in my total see Letteree of peace, the eountry of the siree; 'Neath re ~vn its honoured name will show. S,4, av'n-to. me-the brightest land below. , A1 woodan4lawn in p 2-4,5'6' Arin"hn~s days gone'g .. ' Ihe Toriple balls next cash, you'll find. S In schools imy fourths in tens abound. 7 zNo .i un . To. solve4trhienddsi don't fr! to t-y. m ""'" :-,'[ - , GONISTES. ":
REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 10.-It is the solemn midnight hour, And'here I first alone; The chimes cry out from yonder tower, "Another day has flown." And when they cease, with fiercer power The wild winds wail and moan. The moon, the fairy queen of night, Sheds forth her silv'ry beam, And round about her throne of light The pale stars brightly gleam. Oh, last a sweet, refreshing sight To hover round a dream 1 For though the "dull god" has not pressed Upon my eyes his seat; Sad, yet sweet thoughts, within my breast, With soft'ning influence, steal. And so a peaceful, soothing rest , Within my heart I feel. I love to first and meditate On such a night as this; One sees old faces that bs late Seemed lost in Time's abyss. Our heart-chords yearningly vibrate At thoughts of those we miss. AncHra B., Kentish Town. 11.-On the gay summer morn, between the golden hills, I revel on the petals of the fragrant daffodils; I nestle on the slopes, in the violet and primrose, In the glades, by the rills, and beneath the green hedge. rows. I change to the happy day for bridegroom and the bride, When by the altar they unite with voice and hand and heart, And enter on a path untrodden and untuied, Till in shadow or in sunshine 'tis time for them to part. B. C. LovELESs, Birmingham. 12.-Never attempt to mount or leave My first if going fast, Or else I fear that you will have A nasty fall at last. But if upon the sudden twist You finud that you have reckoned, And get in nimbly without hurt, Then will I call you second. J. A. ALLIN. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.l) 13.-Before thy throne, O mighty Sphinx, Thy willing slave abjectly sinks In graceful attitude. He cometh not great fame to seek, Nay, only thankfully to speak His heartfelt gratitude. Ere I thy votary became, I used-I own it now with shame- To pass in idleness The golden hours which passed too slow; But now they much too quickly go- That fact I must confess. Were I a comet with a tail, I would before thy radiance pale To insignificance. Oh, myl Pray do not think me rough, But, really, I'm not strong enough To stand thy stony glance. T. CARPENTER. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 14.-I wish to ask you if you know The name which I have writ below; Or if you much surprise will show At "Editor." To whom it first we always write, And for his lordship cons. indite, Hoping that they will please his sight. "Judge" Editor. Who at his desk with stern face sits, And tears the bad cons. into bits, Enough to drive us into fits. "Cross" Editor. Who, with a smile upon his face, Writes, "To your con, last give a place, Because I think the page 'twill grace." "Kind" Editor. Who to us all is just and true In bringing faults before our view; I think he is our friend-don't you P "Our" Editor. AxNNI A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. PRECE-OMEGRAWM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another ward.) 15.-A riddler bold, 'Tis sometimes gold. Best time oblife for second. 'Bout third you'll see You won't agree; Both vice and virtue reckoned. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. ANAGRAMS ON FRUIT. 16.-The rain is pouring on the sodden grou I, And all is dull and desolate around. I never will go near the man again, For he has meanly swindled me, 'tis plain. Ris, please to hand my cap, or it may snow, A ae then I most-decidedly shan't go. We sauntered to a tavern, took a seat, And called aloud for something warm to eat. Although they're not considered very nice, I do not mind a rat, or even mice. I think I'd better go, it's nearly eight, Or I get into trouble, being late. I tried to lift the stone with might and main But shortly found my efforts were all vain. W. D. PzICKINd AInD J. A. AMADs ALL. ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.l Foundation Word. 17.-If you, fair readers, are on solving bent, In my initials you will surely see A member of the "Riddle Tournament," A very clever one you'll all agree. S Cross Words. 501 and sya A flower this will be, Well known to you and me. 50 ,, uga This will to all proclaim Of France an ancient name. 100 .. neoa Beneath third's anrrv wave
Many a sailor's found his gravoe. 501 ,, nw The final with delight Through the forest takes its flight. (GOLDEN CLOUD, Birkenhead. Foundation Word. 18.-If you my primals aright do read, They'll name the object of misers' greed. Cross Words. 1,501 and ts In the first of London will be found 55 ,, ao The second, p, famous cricket-ground. 50 ,, anon A riddler's name you now will see, ' If you but find this word for me.- 1,550 " ;, reaen A preoious.stone of greenish hue - - Is here:disclosed unto ypur view. _ 53 ,, oye A folwn iu Somerset ppears in sight .. And now, kind' readers, I will take my Sflight. , 1. : Nbsý".
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativoJ 19.-Kind friends, I crave just for awhile Your patience and attention; I've never yet been known to smile- The cause for which I'll mention. I've been unlucky since my birth, I'm tired of all the nation; For there's nothing certain on this earth But death and high taxation. My business it is always bad- I've tried all kinds of trading; But nothing yet has made me glad- My cash is quickly fading. None e'er acknowledges my worth, I'm dooungd to dire vexation; For there's nothing certain on this earth But death and high taxation. Full many a warehouse I have got, And many ashop I've started; But, oh, so fateful is my lot, I've fai!)ed, quite broken-hearted. Of good luck I've had such a dearth In every occupation, I feel there's nothing sure on earth But death and high taxation. I'm longing for that blissful time When I shall leave this planet; Existence here I call a crime-- I don't know how you can it Endure. I see no cause for mirth Or vulgar cacchination; For there's nothing certain on this earth But death and high taxation. I hope my days will quickly end Through some cause accidental; I'll want no epitaph, my friend, On tombstone ornamental. I haven't, from Land's End to Perth, Kith, kin, or kind relation; But then there's nothing sure on earth But death and high taxation. S. FRANKLIN AND Gb H. PERRY. - DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Cohange the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 20.-The sign of the Bear brightly gleams in the sky; To arms, Britain's soldiers, for danger is night Look well to your sabres-your rifles prepare, Your sentinel eyes firmly keep on his lair. Abate not a jot of your .watchfulness now- 'Tis not the first time that he's broken a vow. Strike up your deep drums, let your cheers, loud and shrill, Resound o'er each mountain, and valley, and hill, Till, like the wild roar of the storm.troubled waves, It thunders on him and his cohorts of slaves, To tell him that yet there are brave hearts and true In bonnie old England as ever sword drew. To tell him that now, as in great fifty.four, We fear not his bite, and care naught for his roar; And may those brave souls who, on Inkerman's height, Undauntedly bled in the dim, morning light, First and hang o'er us, and lead us along. Aud next us to fight with a firm heart and strong. E. BLAIa, Liverpool. ANAGRAMS ON. ENGLISH POETS' NAMES. 21.-Do not commence to limn it yet," he said, "For there are some defects about the head." "Ned, dry those clothes which you so much have wet, Or else a proper flogging you shall get." Just add in so, two to the upper line, Then your result will be the same as mine. I with all people in this thing agree, That Young Flolks Paper is the best for me. No, John's was not the theme which gained the prize, But Samson Wilmot's famous one on "Eyes." Raw cash is just the thing which I require, Oh, that I had as much as I desire ! Most honey like, but once I knew a child Who at the sight of it went almost wild. I like not war, nor blood, nor heaps of slain, I'd rather look upon an inky plain. The tub relieved my feelings, for it fell Right on my corn; I thought I'd ne'er get well. " Hens stoned to death!" Yes, there the placard stood, And round it lay a dying feathered brood. P. S., Belfast. CHARADE, (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 22,-I think I will not first my verse With trochee or with spondee, For mine is no heroic lay, No tale of court or fronde. It's just about a riddling girl, That neat these lines do scribble, Who dwells less than a hundred miles From that famed river Ribble. I'll not say third what streamlet 'tis Near which she's now residing Our Scottishfofrth would gladly boast That she was there abiding. "Oh, fifth i" you cry (how vulgar, friend I) "I know the maid already." I'll drop my pen; you've shocked my nerves, And made my hand unsteady. UNcAs. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.J 23.-An article of domestic use, Dear reader; please behead, A well-known term for girl you then Will surely have instead; Decapitate it once again, Undoubtedly you'll find A dull and stupid animal Will then be left behind. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn.