RII)DLE TOURNAMENT. ACROSTIC. r.0r lords. for ted o te ilitili letters of other words.) rOrd ord Foundation iVords.
the"Touranatuet"- pages a minstrel is singing, In strel rhoer music has proven his worth; u st smile of j 'y to each face he is bringing, ligeer nad round us his kind words are ringing, Oh this is the dearest of 'Tourneys' on earth." Oh tiswl."eet minstrel; your harp-strings are golden, usin tads are waiting to h a, you to-day; tt ' you sang in the days th.t are olden, igs And promise that you To our bhand will be true, And befriend as for ever and aye. Cross Words. They crowd around on every hand, Within this famous riddling baud, And prove themselves, by verses smart, quite second in the rhyming art; And make harmonious carols ring With strains of thlrd re-echoing. Their names are k-.own, their fame has spread 4 fou'th of laurel docks each head. We know your worth, O knight and maid, Upholders of the fifth brigi.de. Go marhbini on, win bright rewards, U knights of s xrh and modern bards. Fr sevenlh must be q ite unknown To those who fain would gain renown. MIAnIon 'TAYLon, Hampstead. QUADRUPLE ACROSTIC. Foundatioen Words. 2.-'Ti~ night-t.ime, and the murd'rer firsts llis deadly work to do; His victim's blood to have he thirsts, itse cetitm's money, too. His eyeballs gleam like balls of fire, his teeth ire set firm fast; }Iif wicked Lheart is full of ire, His vctiin's die is cast. He sits and thirds before he goes To end hi- deadly work; Bat, bahll ! this man a d.eht, he owes, And shall he now it shirk ? Forth from a box he ttakes some last, T, bind his man, no doubt: Awul of tr making this quite fast, Silently sallies out. He strikes the blow, he binds the man, Wit bout heeding his second; But murderers catch detectives can, A fact lie had not reckoned. Cross ,l'e'ed.d. tml meanus muntability, and fickleness as well; oudo not this reply give, you won't anybody tell. second word means cooling, and refreshing, too, you , ioung Folks puzzlers, this word at a glance should soon secu be. note the " die.," my third word meaneth "one who give; great care;" ie, use cu merry riddlers, I have laid this third word bare. rvowels represent my fourtlh, I pray you guess aright ; if you don't I am atraid that you and I will fight. quote the " die." again, for five, I must by your kind leave- solid figure of live equal sides," I do believe. hsc word does "existing " meau-I must tell this to having finished now my puz,, I'll say to you, adieu. V. Di BEAR. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. sal letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or tvor.ls.) Foundtdtion Words. 3.-Upon the battlefield that printnls name, Final.i, a brave, ambitious emperor, When at the very zenith of his fame, Sustained defeat in the great game of war. Cross Words. See the first on country roads Bears to town some heavy loads. Add it to a book, and then You'll enlighten fellow.men. The height of this you never know, E'en if you to figures go. Here's your answer, sharp and clear, Coming to your waiting ear. Bonnie Scotland, I would show, Through the steps of this can go, WTiat a power I show to you ! What affection firm and true ! O'er the broad Atlantic's foam mW tany find a happy home. Bakes you cakes, and pies, and tarts- Things of joy to youngster's hearts. A. AMBERLEY AND It. i. JEFFERSON. NARRATIVE REVERSION. It Wrd is ret ersed, and bears a uifferent meaning in the narrative.) 4--Our hoerdings now are covered o'er With bills so strange and bright, Oi plays, of drinks, of soaps a score, Which meet our wondering sight. There's one I very often see, And so do yeou, I hope; I read it through and through with glee, That bill of " Moonlight Rope." What makes this man so ancient, pray ? Why are his looks so black ? The reason is-because all day IHe's tried so hard to pack A hamner, and for bits of string la vain he now doth grope; Why, if he'd use, he'd gladly sing ST;e praise of " Moonlight RI ,le." The people who would " shoot the moon," And wish to pack in haste, They cannot buy this rope too soon, They'll find it, saves all waste. To Sake a ladder firm and long, The couples who'd elope Wil find that one as stot and strong Is made from " MIooulight Rope." This "Mfoonlight Rope " is wondrous stuff, Its Uses have no end, You're ottv round his neck to twine A tie of "Ioonlight Rope." 'Twas only fourteen days ago (We're by the winner told) Atown down South, near Ohio, Decided that they'd hold Shnging mtLh--'twas jolly fun (Se telts the truth, we hope): " I died the fiSst I-the prize I won Tlhrough using 'L bonlight Iope I '" Jo-Eno, Lamsath.
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter or a word. leavinu another word.) (I'ith apologies to Marion Taylor.) 5.-Oh, I'll take up my harp with a merry ping, ping, For I feel so unspeakably gay; To the " T uruament" ladies a song I would sing, For my heart is so happy to.day. Though I may not here name all rie singers of fame, Yet I cannot help rhyming and chiming about them; So I've come to proclaim To the ladies of tame That the "T." would be lonely without them. Oh, I'll lake up my harp with a merry ping, ping, And I'll glance o'er the " Tournament" page; To tle queen of all singers a tribnte I'd bring, For she sings the best songs of the age. Oh, where, and, oh, where is there one to compare With this maid who so merrily, cheerily singeth ? Will each riddler gay Join the chorus to-day, Till the " T." with her praise loudly ringeth ? Oh, I'll take up my harp with a merry ping, ping, While I bow to Miss Queenie, for she " With apologies to the 'Mikado'" did sing In a manner quite charming and free. Oh, the heart of each knight overflowed with delight When first knew she wastalkingof Jo-King and others; For 'tis plain to perceive What she meant to achieve Was the praise of her sisters ant brothers. Oh, I'll lay down my harp with a merry plug, ping, When l've glanced once again o'er the list; For I see one more lady of whom I would sing- One whose verses would sadly be missed. For we all must agree that last maid Amy B. As a " Tournameet" writer grows brighter arudbetter; It is plain to be seen That she shares wi h our queen The " Tournament " honours, so let her. S. Woon. METAGRAMS. (Chanir the first lettor of is word to form another word.) 6.-To the witches, while their wood-fires lir:t with flickering, flaming glow, Over bills and rushing rivers, Came the chiefs, with bows and quivers- Came, while soft the heart of Evening Throbbed; the sun was setting low; Caine to see the dancing fire.flaumes, Caine to see the weirdlike witches, Over hedges, over ditches, Calling each respectful (?) names. Decked with war-paint, and with feathcrs (Warranted to stand all weathers) Cocked upright above their faces, While with comical grimaces Each one stood with arms a-fold- Stood to have his fortune told. The Ojibways and the Shosbones Laughed like streamlets overflowing- Glanced with soft black eyes so knowing, When their f, rtunes had been told tlhemi; Laughed because the witch had " s,,ld" them. And the breeze, thrugh ru.hes sighing, From asur cantmeo faintly dying. Moonbeams gently falling o'er them, 'Neath the tall trees waving, blending Sighs with those the breeze was eending 'Through the nodding grass lh fore them, HIomeward last they in the starlight, In the misty, shadowy moonlight. LA MYSTERIE. 7.-Free Lance was a knight in the days gone by, When the Y. F. P. "Tourney" was young, And many and oft were the tales he told, And many the songs he sung. But now, as I glance through the page week by week, His name I must hunt for in vain, For it steems that the riddler whose lines I seek Will never return again. Of another brave knight I would speak a while, A nautical bard first he, Whose bold appellation-I mean Sailor Knight- In our "Tourney" we often mish, see. Each week brought fresh laurels to place on his brow, But now--I confess it with pain- The laurels, once his, are another bard's now: Will he never fight for them again ? Mark L. Raw a frequent contributor, too-- I sigh as I write-once next been ; But now, with the others, I'm forced to believe That Mark L. never more wi!l be soon. When trill he return to his first field of fame ? For it gives me unspeakable paiun To say that it seems that the once well-known name Will never be seen again. R. Dye, Stornoway. 8.-A misfortnue I'll firt you which happened to me A very short time ago; I left smoky London and stayed by the sea A very short time aeo. 'Twos there that I met with a. beautiful maid, And siege to her heart I speedily laid; The debt of my folly was bitterly paid A very short time ago. I made her acquaintance one day on the beach A very short time ago; I was walking around when I heard a loud screech A very short time ago. I tenderly asked what the matter could be. Said she, " My dear puppy dlog's list in the sea;" I rescued the dog, to my fair one's great glee, A very short time ago. I met her again every day on the pier, A very short time ago; And she grew to my heart most unspeakably dear, A very short time ago. At last I gained courage and asked her to wed. " You've made a mist ke, sir," she quietly said; " I'm a wife, for I Inmrri,-d my dear cousin Fred A very short time ago!" R. W. ANuREws Amn) . N. Hlians. 9,-In County Tyrone lived a charming maid, And many broad acres had she; And many a suitor her lath way:ail, But she only would pout with her first so red, And to every one with scorn she said, " Sir, you would not do for me." But once, on a beauteous Septemlber day, As she stroiled o'er the grassy lea, There came to her side a :econtd so gay, And shi, cried, "Have you come from tile third away, From the sweet sunny tird, where my fancies stray To make violent love to me P" This second, whose stature was six feet three, Lo. led down on the wia.ome pet; " F'rom the sunny tfi d 1 don't ,:mlpen to be; From tihe County.lyolurlh I come," said he, " To pay me riut, atnd I h pe, ye see, A ho-be rcducti~n to get '" DInca, Cork. NARRIIiATIVE METAGIIAM. (IThe irst letter of a word is changed, to form another wsord in the narr:twvc. 10.-The iry blasts of wintry gales IHare withereld ov'y flower; J.ve kfleless left thie grieving trees, And tlrren are the hills and dales, With no 'eprfieving pulssing breeze To herald sun and shower. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first lettar of a word. learvin another word.) 11.--The knights of old would meet in proud array, In gleaming armour, nod with helm and steed, To gain fresh honour and with it the day, Or to be vanquished, as the fates decreed. For all the doughty ones could not succeed, But must with slow of sal .ur be content; But, greater tha~: this is, we last a :reed, The battle of the " Riddle Tournament." Here knights, and Indies too, their lances lay In rest, and by the welcome -ignal freed, Rush on to glory, and the pleasant fray To first with bravery, though not to bleed, And to perform the great and gallant deed, Obtaini,.g, too, the blow and armour dent, When they with other dar ng spirits lead The battle of the " Riddle Tournament." So we would all invite to our display; And who will join us-to our battle speed ? Let no , e who now hears this e'cr say nay, But the all-pressing invitation heed, And follow to obtain the victor's meed. Then when his furious longing is all spent, In next week's number he may joyful read The battle of the " Riddle Tournament." EBvoY. Kingdoms may go and come, and woes impede The comiug of sweet truth and goodness blent; All have their bobbies, and we still will plead The battle of the " Itiddle Tournament." IVASHOE, Belfast. 12.-I have a slight idea A bard name Dorothea, Once asked if I'd consent to be her friend; And so I beg to answer (Of course that's if I can, sir), And hope that th: delay will not offend. I don't fire. why Miss Grey, sir, Should honour me this w.ay, sir, For I am sure hat I can ne'er repay Bar friendly condescelsion, Although 'tis my intention To do so, shortly, in some other way. So my hand I last extend To greet you, my new-mado friend, And also to stand by you in the " T.," Where both knight and maiden meet On the " itiddle Tourney" sheet Of the noted paper called the Y. F. P. SiR JoHN CHEULET. 13.-1 am sitting by my fireside, and the fire is going out, My meerschaum I let lie upon my knees; The hour is slriking i riintalfinal as I write this out, While the trees outside are rustling in the breeze. I do niot know how it happened-no i nor how he came in here, But, cert., it was a man stood by my side- A ruffianly young scoundrel, and his breath smelt strong of beer, And he'd something in his hand he tried to hide. lie approached a little nearer-there was murder in his oes!- My breath I st rove-and vainly sought-to catch. " Now, villain, I want money I lie who will not give it dies!" (This man-lie surely came from Colney Hatch ?) "Will you give it `" lie now redemands. "I'll have it, or, by"-- "Ah!" 'Twas I this lat ter exc!amation spoke, For he'd raised a heavy pistol with ejaculation, " Bah I" And had just the trigger pulled-when I awoke ! S. D BrAit. 11.-No, nothing could beat last delicious Young Folks, About that there's not the least doubt; With G. Gwyn, e I will try the strength of my lungs, And " IHurrah for Young I elksl " I will shout. Have done now with shouting, and whisper instead, " It's the very best paper th it's out." Send soime to first friends; when they've read them, they'll say, "About that there's not the least doubt." AoomE. 15.-Dear friends and riddlers all, Pray now attend to me; Think of something very nice, Used for breakfast and for tea. Its head away we now do take, When, lo! here's what we try to make. BASs, Chester. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop lthe frst two I Lttrs from a' wold., 1 ving another word exuressed ill tie s tr rat!Ve.l 16.-Good morning, knights and ladies-I've just come from dismal Hades To pay a fleeting visit to the dear old "Riddle T.;" Though, of course, you do not know me, yet I hope you will not show me By your disappointed faces that it only is poor me. I've no one to introduce me, I've no friend that will pro- duce me, No` even Lord le Dinb:a , who has fled far, far away; Though he and I together, in both spring and wintry weather, Have known each other--well, how long I do not care to say. You must own 'tis something dreadful that I should have mind aid head full Of nothing else but what is going on in Y. P. P.; For I never should be missed (though that's because I'm old ilMplhisto), Yet my reason for appearing you shall very quickly see. I have noticed in the " Tourney " ('twas last week this fact broke o'er me) That various ulever riddlers will so very oft assume What can ue'er bring satisfaction, and drives others to distraction- In other words, I mean that fearful thing, a mnon de plume. I cannot now remember every name of either gender- Be it masculine or feminine 'tis all the canse to me; But my sentence I pronounce, sirs, without any " show" or '" bounce," sirs: If you persist in nams do plume, I'll oust you from the .{ T." Our generous-minded Editor (to whom I am a creditor) Will have no voice or power then to say me " Yes" or " Nay ;" For listei, knights and ladies-I will drag you off to Hades If you do not give up noms do plume and false names from this day. PIEPIIISTOPmELES, HaRdes. NARRATIVE TRIO CRAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word, expr as d in the narirative.l 17.-Inu our arnm-chairs lately sitting, calmly knitting, Our thoughts went owiftly back to other times, Whien in dear Llaugolle 's Valley we did rally Strength to tell our tale in many flowing rhymes. Oni the " Barber's Hill" we're lolling, after strolling Up its winding paths and many slippery stones; Anrl we feel iniclined for sleeping, or else keeping Near sweet Sleep's realms, where iunrmur dreamy tones. Once again we're gaily boating, our thoughts floatiug With motion of that boat adown the Dee; And although 'tis now long after, still our leughter Ric.ucehoes in our hearts and memory. Yes, the past-tho past so lpleasant-is the preobnt I Onr thoughts still miTrror times of long ago; We've never known repinings-silver linings Add lustre to all clouds of life we kInow. FL0RA RUSSELL AND AY DE*NY,
META.O1IEGRAB~ (Change the first and last letters of ta word to form another word.) 18.-I stood bes-do the coppice When day's last gleam had fled, When night's enushroudiug shadows Swept swiftly overhead; The chilling breeze of evening Sighed 'midst the gloomy trees, As th ugh in deepest sorr.,w- A grief naught could appease. Till, as the shadows deepened, E'en ceased its plaintive wail; And afirst and boding silence Fell over hill and vale. It seemed as though earth waited In unutterable woe, Some fearful thing to happen before the morniiig.glow. But, no, I was mistaken ; For clearer grew the night, And Luna fair appeared, And made the dark lasts bright; The sharp night-wind subsided, Its mournful sigh did cease, And the sweetly-singing night-birds Brought calm and blissiul peace. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-Not long ago my hair was Of a bright auhburn hue; But now it's turning very grey- Alas I what shall I do? Perhaps you'd like to know, friends, What has my hair so changed ? First, thenu, I'd better tell you now, Before I'm quite deranged. The person on the ground floor Has got a tambourine; The one who lives above me plays A wrun-out violio. The lady iu the parlour Can sing in startling tones; And when the next-door neighbour comes, He brings two pairs of bones. And when they're all together, Oh, don't they make a noise ! Great J npiter ! I'd rather hear The row of fifty boys Than have those four musicians (?) Kick up their horrid din ; For be it morning, noon, or night, No matter, they'll begin. I gave my landlord notice To leave, one aftel noo;l He heard moe, then polit ly said He'd lost a table-spoon. Said he, "'Tis solid silver; And really, sir, you're bhnod To keep your lodgings for a while- At least till it is foun i." Ah, me, I've kept these lodgings For close upon a year; That table.spuou has not been found, And ue'er lust be, I fe.ar. And nightly those musicians Arouse me from my bed; If they don't soon " knock off " their row, I'll " knock off" some one's head. CA. Ir.. ENIGMAS. 20.-Up the chancel, down the aisle, I am running all the while; Through the nave and portico, Up above and dow , below; Up above " the wings" have flown, Near the pulpit, altar stone, 'I eath the arch and gallery d1or, Round the roof, and 'neat h the floor, Rtound the pillars, up aloft, Resting near the organi lit, Up the trellis diown the wall, In and out, and over all, Helpless, yet supporting all. H. Cox, Birkenhead. 21.-You see me once or twice a day, I'm often at your door; I raise my hand and go away, And look for No. 4. When first I come my sack looks large, Although it may be light; I stop and knock, but make no charge, Except that which is right. G. W. IlHAxA,. 22.-I am an hour of night and day, Basking beneath the sun's bright ray, Departing until cometh night To t ke away of day the light. I come again at eventide, And at theodeadest hour preside; To end, I'm very short and somall. And always give "a mioruimg call." V. D. TAYLor, Warrington. DUAG RAM. (0hanze the first two letters o :a wort to form another wordt. 23.-Oh, the fame of the " Tourney " grows greater each time The Editor prints from these riddlers a rhyme; Marion, Amy, and Clara we all fir.,t to see, Nellie Watson, Queenie, and dear tRo-a B. To Annie and E .ith sweet voices be.oig- There's a beautiful bevy of sisters in song; The knights of the "Tourney" sing bravely and free- There's Philo and Morris, Clearchos and Leigh. Sam Wood and H. Taylor are gaining a name, And by these examples lost others sought fame; So I wish all good luck, and I hope they agree That no paper can equal our dear Y. PI'. P. LILIAN Al. DOUGoLAs, Camberw-ell.