RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. pRECE.OMEGBRA.
IFnago the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) Onhn the wand'rer may travel in lands far and wide, ' gd tain of true knowledge a store, And t this ought oft will turn, with a keen, boyish pride, T thie charums of his dear, native shore; To ugh palace and mansion, all costly and rare, Sthouy waken grat thoughts in his mind, et he feels in his breast they are naught to compare With the primal he left far behind. Ind betimes will he gaze o'er the mystical main, Where the sprays dance like miniature skiffs; But the view only conjures up England again, And his wee home amid her white cliffs. The scenes of his boyhood, with happiness fraught, Sweetly sad, will his memory bind; his eyes fll with quick-springing tears at the thought 0O the yrnal he left far behind. oaply oft he has met with reverses in life; Blt he thinks of his mother, long gone, Who bade him in boyhood flinch not from the strife While honours and praise might be won. Ad his heart in life's battle perchance fills with last That the Fates at some hour will be kind; So he strikes for the Right, that he honour may cast 0'er the primal he left far behind. MARIoN AND JENNIE. D UAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 2.-'Twas with mingled emotions of sorrow and pleasure, O"Tourney's" fair queen, that, a few weeks ago, iread your confession in rhythmical measure Of the woes you endured through my incognito. Great was my grief that unknowing I'd raised Such pain in one heart by my poor nom de plume; But great was my pleasure to see that you praised The possession of merit I did not assume. Had I but first that you wished to discover The poor would-be poet who used this royal name To pen hisorratic experiments over, And climb 'neath its cloak up the ladder of fame, I ne'er would have hid while the whole wide world pined- As once didl a writer who called himself Boz- But quick my identity would have defined, And announced to the earth who L. Q. really was. Alh, me I what a time has passed since in these pages My few simple rhymes were next o'er that great name I But still the dear "Tourney " my pen oft engages, Although, as you know, I possess a new name. But lest 1 again of such sorrow and pain To other fair ridilers should be the cause, To the whole riddling world I now beg to explain That Louis Quatorze is-well, Louis QUATOBZE 1 3.-Once more I sat me down to think What con. I would compose; But in the bottle found no ink, So thought I'd take repose. My napkin o'er my head I first, And fell into deep sleep; In dreams I fancied I did last My way through caverns deep. Hobgoblins grinned on every side; Methought I slipped on gore, Then wakened, with eyes staring wide, To find I'd kissed the floor ! J. BonEN, Glasgow. DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. Chango the twa last letters of a word, to form another word.) 4.-Lovely daisies first the lawn And fleck the next with foam, While welcome shadows from the trees Fantastic dance and roam. A boy and girl sit 'neath the shade, In cousinly embrace, And mutual love depicts its sway On each young joyous face. The fair-haired boy, six summers old, Looks askance on the miss, Then clasps the fresh and blooming bud In one sweet roguish kiss. The evening twilight wraps the scene Where two young figures stand; The boy and girl are man and wife, Joined with a holy band. His arm is clasped around her waist, Her head rests on his breast- The rapture of two souls as one Submit to love's behest And as the sqn in grandeur sinks Beneath a crimson sea, He draws her closer to his side And holds her tenderly. The shadows deepen o'er the scene Of pure and hallowed bliss, And once again he seals his vows, In rapture, by a kiss. Now many long and happy years In harmony have fled, their life has taught the twain to bless The day that they were wed And oft they sit about the fire And watch the cheering blaze, While memory in fondness roams O'er thoughts of bygone days. The glow of love on each worn face No wrinkles can remove; Their eyes reflect their hearts' content With one continuous love. And though the years have blanched their lips, They find the same pure bliss When their two souls again unite In one long, ling'ring kiss I J. D. DUNNING, London. 5,lyfirst is a blossom that's tenderly fair, BHough small are its petals of blue; Y stream or on waste, it is seen to declare That Season to Nature is true. For without Culture's nursing when winter is spent, ud spring hath repainted the scene, Twiits nbeauty discover with silent consent, To spge the carpet of green. iy net has been made by the servant of art, 0! art might effentually play Toe Poasion that Nature had set in the heart, Ao nheu them o Soothe as it may, d e wit the beauties that Na.ture hath spread, d, the Pleasures through art she hath lent, n sweetry weet though lost moments have led iyw-too many-it to resent. T. NIXoN, Dudley Colliery. ANAGRAMS ON IRISH COUNTIES. et come they' what keeps them so P 'Tie nearly time thaft we should go. Re threw a piece of reock at me; It did not hurt---just grazed my knee. Go ans lend all your energy To fathom this dark mystery. Upon the apy leagged they behind P Oh, no; they both ran like the wind. Be shouted in a loud clear voice That made our droophag hearts rejoice. veItNon, Belfast.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 7.-I love the shadowy woods at eve, When says each flower.chalice leave, Their mystic spells o'er earth to weave, And crown Titania queen. At rest beside a running stream, As twilight dies and pale stars beam, What fairies do I see in dream Dance o'er the moonlit green I First am I when from scenes I rove, Where men, in strife contending, move, And seek the haunts where peace and love And harmony abound. Secure from all the din of toil, The bitternesses and turmoil, The woods to me are holy soil- Are consecrated ground. The fairies dance in revelry Round her who, 'neath the hemlock tree- Titania fair l-enthroned I see, And low obeisance make. While I shut tighter still each eye, And bid the prosy world " good-bye," Next I to stern reality From fairydom awake I JENNIE ARTHUR. 8.-Tell me, sweetheart, how to please thee- How to win a fond, fair smile; Do not frown because I tease thee, For my heart is true the while. Tell me, sweetheart, how to woo thee- How to gain thy precious love; All my thoughts are plain unto thee, Need I then my passion prove P Tell me, sweetheart, how to win thee-- How to wound with Cupid's dart; How to share the thoughts within thee- How to gain your first next heart. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. 9.--This bird you may determine as a game one; I knew a man who once possessed a tame one. Whene'er I meet, in rambling through the city, A beggar waif, the sight does next my pity. A river in- Well, find its situation; To guess it needs a lectle penetration. A word expressing " custom " this will show, sir; It boasts of letters three. Now I must go, sir. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. 10.-As instantaneous photography Catches the figure in a moment's space, And, giving every feature equal play, Upon the first does permanently place, Thy image thus, by Love's diviner art, Was, when at first, my next, I gazed on thee, Drawn on the inmost tablets of my heart; Nor shall it from its place crasid be. PATRICK S., Belfast. 11.-My first does ev'ry collier's life surround, While toiling manfully beneath the ground; No doubt we all, when sorely we are vexed, Experience a little of my next. A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrative.) To OUR CoLoNIAL KINSMEN. 12.-We greet you, kinsmen, and we bid You welcome to our land; Right glad are we to have you here, On British soil to stand. And happy must you be to see Your dear old island home, You sons of hardy fathers who To other shores did roam. We greet you, oh, so gladly, for We're proud to see you near; For though vast waters part us, still You to our hearts are dear. We shall say still, through good and ill, Haill Greater Britain. We all are children of one State, We honour but one throne; We know that our great poet bids Us all to hold our own. We e'er do sing in loyal strains Our Sovereign Lady's praise; Your hearts, we're sure, do tender grow As on these shores you gaze. How nobly you have shown your pride In Britain's honrured name I Your sons you sent to share our trials, And likewise share our fame. For good and aye, with love we'll cry, Hail I Greater Britain. Should England ever have against A mighty foe to stand, We fearless should confront them, for We form a dauntless band; And side by side would Britain's sons From o'er the whole world fight; Our kinsmen from beyond the sea Would show them British might. So whilst you're here, our pleasure great . Can meet with no alloy; For Mother England loves her boys, And sees their growth with joy. Our flag's unfurled throughout the world. Hail ! Greater Britain. S. B. LAWRENCE. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flgures.) Foundation Words. 13.-My whole is the name of a patron of yore, Beloved and believed in by many a score Of young men and maidens. The festival's kept In midst of the month February yclept. Cross Words. 6 and hers To shudder or quake will in first be seen. 1,000 ,, petset This causes vessels in seas to careen. 1,005 ,, ononse Woe to the man who gets stung by a snake, For it is my third ; his life it will take. 1,001 ,, notany A mineral substance is seen in fourth; 151 ,, ry And fifth is an ode that's often well worth 50 ,, getanne A perusal. Next's to twist or ensnare. That it means aught else, I'm quite unaware. 50 ,, nopuns Sevenlth's to perplex, colrfound, or puzzle. 150 ,, beatart If yourdog isnext, itneedsnomuzzle. 2,002 ,, snore Ninth you'llget if you fall into water. 501 ,, angrg This is a miserly, stingy sot, or One who is greedy above all measure. 60 ,, toe To do this to friends will give them pleasure. D. Mloasms, Glasgow. CURTAILMTENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14.-Oh, why do we moan for those bards who have left us, Bewail their departure first doleful refrain P We still have such poets as D. Gow and Kitchner, And they make the absent return here again. Their verses so pure and unstrained are delightful, Such elegait next you can see in each line. They've now won their laurels, and well they deserve them, And long in our "Tourney" I hope they will shine. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn.
CENTRAL CHANGES. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-Edward had a little lamb, And taught it how to walk' He fed it well with bread and jam, And bits of cabbage-stalk. It followed not when Edward took His walks, the duteous thing I For Edward tied it on a hook With half a yard of string. You know that Mary also had A lamb which nearly died; And Mary, feeling rather sad, First slowly down and cried. But Edward loved a pleasant life As much as bread and jam; And when his father took a knife And killed the little lamb, He did not next with mournful mien, And weep till lie grew thinner, But had the biggest slice of lean On Sunday for his dinner I ADCOCK AND COULSON. 16.-Many years ago, in dim La-tchoo-foo, An emperor ruled, who was called Chang-loo And his name was honoured throughout the land, For he e'er was just, though born to command. One daughter had he, the lovely Bobee- A sweet little, dear little maid was she; And from far and near to dim La-tchoo-foo, Importunate suitors hurried to woo. There was bland Hnng-shoo, with his wealth of gold, And the meek Sing-lee, and Hwang-woo the bold, And noble Shang-tun of the royal blood, With a hundred others all brave and good, Each eagerly begging the great Chang.loo Would graciously primal his suit to view With approving favour, and so command The lovely Bobee to accept his hand. Chang-loo soon investigated each case, But all alike were deserving his grace; And no way wa, plain to his royal eye Whereby he could fairly the question try. For Hung-shoo was rich, and Sing-lee was good, And Hwang.woo was brave, and Shang-tun had blood; While each of the rest was quite fit to be The husband of even the sweet Bobee. But at length Chang-loo discovered a plan Whereby he quite last-ed every man; And this plan the maidens of La-tchoo-foo Have ever since followed, and none it rue. For 'twas there ordained that the bright Bobee, And every maid thereafter, should see And choose for herself the fortunate man To love and cherish her all that he can. IH'ILO, Dundee. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the central letters of other words. Foundation Word. 17.-Ah, blank would our existence be On this delightful earth, Devoid of centrals. None could see Its majesty and worth. The golden gift of reading, too, Would lose half of its charm; For if we read with narrow view, We learn not good, but harm. Cross Words. 'Twas proved that the accused had struck a blow, And so the charge involved my first, you know. The crowd, by second from the burning hall, The passage blocked, indeed, and death took all. I third, and just in time to save my head; But, lo I the ball a window struck instead. Have you the works of fosrth upon your shelf P I've not yet seen his ancient art myself. The horse, when running fast, fifth at the fence; The rider was displaced in consequence. " On, on, to victory, men I" the leader cried; And they, sixth forward, Briton-like, complied. The lad tried hard to tell the news he'd got, But last so much that really he could not. CARPENTER AND NiXON. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a word.) 18.-Once again I bow before you, Once again I seek to floor you; Once, perhaps, again to bore you Yet I'll venture. Oh, don't vent your Wrath on me I First at supper young folks ever Do, I'm certain, or they never Could exist to guess the clever Puns so witty In each ditty In our " T." Next's a river, great in story- 'Tis Italian; ruins hoary Stand upon its banks, their glory Past for ever- Gone, and never More to rise. Often strangers there will wander From the world, and third and ponder 'Midst those ruins 'neath-as yonder Where those clouds melt To a white belt- Blue, blue skies. Now a pronoun in position Quickly place, with this condition : That a simple preposition Shall succeed it; For 'twill need it As my last. Then with skilful combination Total shows-no hesitation- Naught but what's imagination Or conjecture. (Now, friends, lecture; Trouble's past I) AGONIsTES. 19.-My first is always seen at night, Wheue'er the sun's withdrawn his light, A kind of fish please take for neat; It is not rare, so don't be vexed, My whole's a very well-known bird; You'll find eight, letters in the word, W. J. M'Cosisn, Belfast. 20.-My f~rst is part of you and me; Upon your door my nexl should be; Combine the two, and then, I ween, Whole near tofirset is plaiunly seen. ANNIE SIITH GRESLEY. 21.-First is a load on heart and mind- I would we knew it aeaft; A cape in England third you'll finud; By whole we're ofttimes vexed. D. Scovr, Newtongrange. PALINDROMIE. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 21.-A word with letters four am I; 'Rs'versed, I am the same; And now 1 hope you'll see with joy A female's Christian name. G. BUCAxAN, Liverpool.
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another woal.) 23.-If I could only sit and write An epic such as Homer wrote, Or pen some treatise erudite; Or could I only give delight By sending first my tuneful throat Some thrilling song that should compel The world to listen to it; Or could I paint like Raphael- I certainly would do it I It may appear so strange, that you Will twist your features into smiles, But, still, it's positively true, If I'd been born in Timbuctoo, In Fiji, or the Scilly Isles, Or on some frozen Northern hill Explorers never hit on, You'd hardly credit it -but, still, I should not be a Briton ! Now this, I'm willing to admit, Is one of those peculiar things That makes the wisest fellow sit And ponder, while his puzzled wit Goes labouring on with feeble wings, And doesn't know which way to go, And trembles at its daring, Then wearies of the chase, and so Abandons it, despairing. But I not all in vain have spent Some little thought in this debate: Conviction in my heart is pent That we are all by accident The things we are-or else by Fate; And if it's not by Fate, why, then I've wasted elocution, And don't care what it is; and men May next their own solution I A. ST. J. ADCoca. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form anotlher word.l 24.-" When mamma was a little girl, She was so very good; She never first her pinafore When rambling through the wood, But always careful next the dress That nurse had put on new, Nor e'er allowed the slightest stain To soil its pink or blue. " When mamma was a little girl, She went each day to school, Forgetting ne'er in fairy third A tiresome grammar rule. Or if the tiniest mistake She ever made, like me, She always patient scoldings fourth, Nor reddened angrily." Grandma laughs merrily at this, And says, " Come to me, May I" Then, with a kind and gentle hand, Wipes the child's tears away. "Hush, bush I" she cries, " my wilful pot, Spoil not your eyes so blue. When mamma was a little girl, Dear, she was just like you." MARION E. BONNELL. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which f.rm other words when rearranlged as the numbers direct.) 25.-A kind of fruit in whole is shown; To you it ought to be well known. 3, 5, 1 A vegetable Find, if you're able. 4, 5, 1, 2 What means " to spring" To mind now bring. 1, 4, 5 This is, I think, A kind of drink. 5, 4 A measure try Now to descry. Now, readers, should you try to guess This con., I wish you all success. W. F. NOLAN, 1lonmel. CONUNDRUM. 26.-Dear riddlers, here I am again, With riddle bright and witty; If you don't think it is, well, then Your ignorance I pity. Riddlers who read my cons. will own That I am very clever; I never had a con. declined, Oh, never-oh, no-never I July is rather hotter than 'Tis ever in December. A friend of mine 'twas told me this- His name I don't remember. But, strange to say, some days ago, I met this self-same person; And actually he denied The truth of this assertion. Yes, in a sentence he denied The statement he had made, sirse You are surprised I-you disbelieve My story, I'm afraid, sirs I But wait for next week's Y. F. P., And this short sentence view, sirs; Then you'll no longer disbelieve, But own my words are true, sirs. T. H. HUNT, Fulham. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 27.-My first is necessary, though Its use may be abused; By riddlers of the " Tournament" My last is daily used. E. W. SuRWVEL.