IRIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE 3 ONOPHONE.
o different s meaning bit the sang in sound, expressed in 0,of5l tih narrative 1 .ynu may cut a ball at cricket with a scientific twist, you may cit a friend with nothing in his pocket, nou lay cut a matto carcase with a wriggle of the wrist, yo- m"a out a flahinig dash just like a rocket; oua mp cu your way to glory through a horde of Irish you i even out a facet on an opal; at ou cannot out a turkey up without disturbing Not atgh you journey to Constantinople. o may throw sheep's-eyes at maidens who are sweet and seventeen, Yon may throw yourself upon your knees, despairing, on may throw bricks at glass palaces and never once be sen, oue may throw dirt at your neighbours, nothing caring; on ay threow your head up in the air, and proud and haughty be, You may throw a kiss, and then, perchance, deny it; at ee cannot throw a cork unto the bottom of the sea, o0t lithough to Ireland you may go to try it. ou may drive a dashing four-in-hand right round Trafalgar.square, Yon may drive a nail with any bandy hammer; o may drive unwilling boys to school, and when you've got them there oun may drive into their heads the rules of grammar; nu may drive the Channel Tunnel, or, to earn your daily bread, eou may drive a locomotive through to Dover; tyou caenot drive a polo with ease into a feather bed, itaithough to Warsaw you should travel over. may turn a fying somersault with most astounding ease, yTo may turn your coat and profit by the turning; on may turn a new leaf in your life whenever you may please, You may turn your nose up, poor relations spurning; on may turn the corner of a street and run against a fool, You may turn into a shop and say you dreamt it; n youi caniot t urn cayenne into a condi ment that's cool, Nit although in French Guiana you attempt it. on may break a string of records as an athlete in your time, Tea may break the heads of half a dozen fellows; ou may break a score of tender hearts while yet you're in your prime, You may break your neck by falling o'er the bellows ; a may break the mighty violence of any mountain flood, You may break your credit, too, and never rue it; at yu cannot break a Roman nose without the waste of brood, .Nt although you walk to Italy to do it. PHIlo, Glasgow. MONOPHONE. (Wordseoldifferent meanine, but the same in sound.) 2.-The cabman likes my first full well- To him, without it, life's a sell; So diligently he does dry Each day to catch some passer-by, But for one object, be it said- To earn his wife and children bread. A dainty maid may be the last, With eighteen summers scarcely passed; We all acknowledge she is tlhis, When begging for a little kiss; She keeps the hearts in flutt'ring throes Of many of her love-sick beaux. R. L. JEaonEsoN, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. ag; the first two letters of a wrd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 3.-'Twas for the best, love, that we parted In that twilight, long ago; For, though tear-drops then upstarted, We love's fulness did.uot know. We were young then, you and I, love, Neither of us knew our mind; So we parted, just to try, love, If elsewhere we love could dud. Thus for twelve long months we tried, love : Other suitors came to you; Other sweethearts by my side, love, Often strolled, but none so true, Nine so loving, none like you, love, None could pierce me with love's dart, Till at last I somehow knew, love, Yeao alone had won my heart. So with you; as strangers often In the streets we daily passed, Till your heart began to soften- Mine began to yield at last. And I watched, love, for your coming, Tripping swiftly up the street, Whilst my poor ol heart kept drumming To the music of your feet. Oh, love, if we'd not thus parted, Love's true depths we'd ne'er have known; When the tear-drops, love, upstarted, I loved you, and you alone. There's no love, love, like the olden, And I fold you to my breast, As I kiss your hair all golden, And say, " My love, 'twas for the best." J. C. COLLIEn. -" O Rahbartey " (oh, lor! I quake, My very soeks and leggings shake)- "OR:hartey, thou mighty one!" (Oh, dear I wiskh I'd ne'er begun) "hThou ruler of the seas and laud, The tossing waves, the shining sand, The mountains tremble hillocks ring" (And cattle die) " whene'er you sing. "Noble and triumphant thou, Before whom men should humbly bow, Vietor thrice victor of all thy foes" (He's putting his finger to his nose !), "I tremble before thy gracious throue- Thy voice quite turns me into stoue With awe-I meekly kiss thy cheek." (I wish the fool had shaved this week.) "Allow tse, then, to homage give, And thank my stars youlet me live." (By Jova I he's lit his old clay pipe, -nd Calls out for a plate of tripe!) BOoZLE AN' O'RARArTEY, Kamschatka. TRANSPOSITION. '5 _soe the letters in a word to form another word.) I ,',.sanors were seated in an inn, erining away at their beer, n one remarked, " What ales you, Bill? iou look so very queer." t sno wonder," Bill replied, Sinhe to this pot we've come." "Then o not screw up courage, and go 'To sori ?" replied his chum. SO tat, too, is a Soimy place, Di aShe we eed not go. , -ee&t.e Our barl'we sihall steer to, Wuaeel, foliishyrcely kno*;" J. BeIrRuL. Belfast.
NARRATIVE METAGRA-LS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another norl in the narrative.) 6.--Yestreen I wandered through the sunny woods, And heard the gentle ruetliig of the breeze Whispering soft murmurs to the bending fluwers, Stealing in pleasure through the stately trees. The sunlight threw its fair and brilliant rays Adown the shady path; and o'er the glade There came the thrilling sounds of songsters' lays, Which over all melodious music made. The scene around me spoke of peace and joy, And told that golden summer made earth glad; But though the brightness was without alloy, Yet my own thoughts were wearisome and sad. The sun was bright-but 'twas not bright for me; The flowers bloomed-their beauty charmed me not ; The birde' sweet music woke the echoes round, Yet their blithe gladness I had fain forgot; A nameless pain, half bliss, had filled my heart, Which made of life itself a strange unrest; For doubts and fears oppressed me by their weight, And Hope to me no whispered word confessed. To-day I wandered through the woods again, And sang aloud with joy and happiness; Banished and gone was every thought of pain, And all my former griefs grew less and loss. A hand had taken mine with earnest clasp, And whispered vows had told of hope and peace, And every joy seemed just within my grasp, A wondrous gladness that would never cease. The sun was dazzling in its wealth of gold, The earth was smiling at the sky above, And all was fair, for to me had been told The old, old story of a faithful love. That magic tale had shed its brightest light Upon my erstwhilq dark and shadowed way- Had shown the contrast "tween Care's gloomy night And the soft radiance of Love's cloudlcess day. NELLIE WATSON. Cheshunt. 7.-For an opera tragic and merry, commend to me, sirs, " Ruddigore," Where the shades of Melpomene greet you with appalling and wonderful lore; Where Terpsichore da .ces her measures to the sweetest of rhythmical strains, And Thalia works risible features and wins your applause for her pains. One "poor little man," christened Robin (in love with a "poor little maid," A sweet little student of etiquette, and truly exquisitely staid), Is betrayed to his doom; for, alas I he's the head of a subverted race, And his rival betrayer, Dick Dauntless, usurps his fair lady and place. One Murgatroyd (kinsman to Robin), present head of the house Ruddigore, Ev'ry day some great crime must accomplish, through a curse that his ancestors swore; But, throughinformation by Dauntless, discoversin Robin the heir, And the curse of his wicked ancestors poor Robin pro tem. has to boar. Robin first does resent the conditions, but the ghosts of his ancestors rise, And rack him with fearful tortures until in submission he cries. But anon all is happily ended, and broken the curse is and past, Fortuna is kind to her chosen, and virtue's triumphant at last. J. W. ~Sr.wEL., Hackney. 8.-In the previous generation We'd some great bards in this oration- We had Trimbey, Binstead, Croger, Barwell, Kelly, Cleere, and Wood; We had Kitchnor, the serious, Price and Cooper, the mysterious- Would it puzzle us to find a score of riddlers so good ? Ah, no ! for look what we have now- We've Webb, Stritch, and David Gow, We have Franualin, Philo, Cox, and Dykes, whose cons. give great delight; We've Perry, the industrious, And Taylor, the illustrious, And others we could mention in the heyday of their might. We have Droffo, wise and witty, Singing many a plaintive ditty; We have Andrews, Drenon, Patrick S., and Ivanhoe the bright; We have Jo-King, George, and Sewell, All supplying worthy fuel For our noted "Riddle Tournament," where tilts each gallant knight. Now, the maidens of this column- Well, I must perforce extol 'em, For what would do our band if Nellie Watson charmed us not; Amy Denny, Flora Russell, Geraldine, and Queenie tussle For supremacy, and show the kind of riddling dames we've got? E. J. SCHOFIELD AND J. LEIoG. MIETAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Liz and Ben went down the glen Fir.t gather flowers and honey; But Liz got stung upon the tongue, And Ben thought it was funny. Said Liz to Ben, " We're in a den Of horrid wasps and bees !" But Ben just stood, and thought it good, When soon he had to sneeze. For up his nose a wasp soon goes, And gives him awful pain; Neat from that den ran silly Ben, With language quite profane. To there last more he'd go, he swore, Or roam within a glen; That wasp had taught-at least, it ought- A lesson to poor Ben. W. L. MILLER, Glasgow. 10.-We went for a sail one nice summer's day In a yacht with a friend named Hine; The day was bright, and the sky was clear, And the sun did brightly shine. At first we had a jolly time, Till lunch we got first well, But then the sky became o'ercast, And the rain nest torrents fell. The thmunder roared, the lightning flashed, The sea rolled mountains high, When suddenly above the storm We heard a fearful cry. "'Tis some one drowning !" Eh affirmed, To save him each one wishes, But Dykes discovered'twas poor Jones, Quite sick, and feeding fishes. A. A. DYvES AND E,. 11.-" Oh, Johnny, dost thou mind the day When through the fields we strolled, How, with your strong arm f)'st my waist, A loving tale you told P" "Yes, Flo, ,. gem I found in you, More precious far than gbld, And something else I riest that day- A beastly little cold." E. FoisaTa, Barnes. CONUNDRUM. 12.--When does a fencer resemble an exhausted manP H. Cox.
DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, lea;ving another word.) 13.-Along the street one evening we were going, With nothing to engage our heart or mind, When from a house we heard a voice bestowing Its sentiments perversely-grief inclined- A woman's, too; and some misfortune fearing, We forward went, by shyness undeterred, While louder, as the window we-were nearing, The following is what we, wondering, heard: " Indeed, you're not a model of politeness, Though docile when your whims are gratified; And if you are a marvel of adroitness, You've won much with dear tears that you have cried. I here protest I will not brook or bear, sir, The changeful humours of your mind and heart. You pull my nose, my ears, and, worse, my hair, sir, Unmindful of the suffering you impart; I won't submit that you shall smite my face, sir, Which, coming from another, I'd resent." (At this we sprang to each be the defender Of her who spoke in this lamenting way, When the voice quickly changed from harsh to tender, And so we curbed last instinct for the fray.) " You lessen not first guilt by wry grimace, sir, As if in raillery your blows are meant. Oh, now you pout your lips and rob your eyes, sir, With your unruly, dirty, chubby fist I And then you loudly weep, with dreadful sighs, sir, As though you should be pardoned, petted, kissed; Well, there, you little bit of rounded sweetness, A promise of the dearest boy to be, Though sometimes you're a mischief in completeness, Still, you are dear as all the world to me !" 0 land and water, sky and sea, and thunder ! And is it that such things will come to pass I Each upon each we gazed with shame and wonder, And thought the other such a precious ass. Alas I it only shows how people may be Sold by the yearning to be woman's slave; For what we heard was spoken to her baby, And we forgot how mothers will behave. V. D. TAYLoR AND IV~anOE. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Colour.Sergeant G. MI'Tulloch You'd have thought Was a dapper sort of "sojer" when at home; But Mars' fire was soon put out--mna's fierce voice put it to rout- Pa would often wish he had the right to roam; But this ought Really ne'er to be allowed; yet 'neath ma M'T. e'er bowed, And ne'er'gainst her dominion had he fought. Colour-Sergeant G. M'Tnlloch On parade Was a grand and fearful spectacle to see, With his buttons polished up and his hair well parted down, And his gruffest voice that made all verily Quite afraid; But at home his horns drew in-he a soldier then of tin, For his great and awful wife must be obeyed. For she often would attack him With a broom If he even dared to show he had a mind, And his valour all would ooze right away into his shoes, And that he was not a hero he would find. From the room Heo would oft in haste retire, just beginning to perspire, And wishing he were resting in the tomb. Colour-Sergeant G. M'Tulloch You may guess Could not ever have a moment's peace at home, For his wife was always snapping, or at his poor noddlo rapping, And often with her claws his hair she'd comb; Then he'd bless His unlucky stars, you bet, that with her he'd ever met, For she'd made of his whole lifetime such a mess I R. W. A. AND W. C. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in t he narrative.) 15.-Ha, ha! ho, ho He, he! 'Tis so I I make my appearance at last to you all. O riddlers, don't scorn at my coming; I've seen you all writing, and thought that I'd call Without any flourish or drumming; I've come on a visit to stay, as I hope, And hope to make all of you jolly, And though I do not with you threaten to cope, I wish to please you with my folly; So I've come to score honours in our mystic "T.," And give you much trouble in finding The answers which will very difficult be, And which will require much unwinding. Ha, ha I he, he I Do you see me? I make my appearance in spangles and gold, I come to you here as a novice; But this I will tell you before it gets cold, 'Tis not the first time of my office. I may have been here once before, who can tell? This may be disguise, and it may not, I may be a novice-it may be a sell- But if so, at present I'll say not. But I mean to uphold the honour of all, And challenge each otre, men so knightly, And even protect all the ladies who call, Who want my protection so lightly. So away I go I Ho, hoe ho, ho! RAEBEDS. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 16.-I'm sitting down beside the silvery Trent, O'er the bank my legs I'm idly dangling; And for the past three hours I've been bent On looking at the scenery and angling. But there's one thing that makes me feel distressful, Whiclr is, as yet I haven't caught a fish; But still I hope ere long to be successful,'; And-ha I a bite, a thirteen pounder I (Swish I) 'Twas but a heavy piece of weed, alack I That I drew forth, and not a great big salmon. I wonder what is poking at my back ? I'll have a look-a cow! Oh, Shades of Gammon ! I'm trutn-tr-truly in a bad position; I'll slowly rise, then like an express go. I wish--1 wish the thing was at perdition I Now, one, two, three-great Scott!l it's coming- Ohl P. WYaIrr, Nottingham. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word which read hbackwards forms Snother word in the nr'rative.) 17.-A gleam of gold breaking through a rift Among the leaden clouds which veil the sky Proclaims that fragrance.-breathing morn is nigh. Night's shadows from the open nmeadows shift To tree and bush, and o'er the mountain drift; Then, sheltered for awhile, securely lie, And pallid dawn's increasing light defy, Until the king his golden head shall lift. Now from his purple couoch the god lappears, His rosy face with tender light aglow, Benignant smiles upon the world below, And nirhtno hiore hiss loomy prosence rears; Sot wooklnd 'mounthin, 'valo and mead, are won, And rofed in splendour by the noontide sun. R. lToas.H,
ACROSTICS. (Aword.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 18.-When Life has cast aside the roseate cloud That e'erin bygone days for us she wore, Her face revealing stern, relentless, proud, As though her smiles were lost for drermore, How drear appears the world ! how bleak I how void ! Fond Youth's bright dreams have vanished in thin air, And naught remains but thoughts of joys destroyed, To steep the soul in deep and dark despair. Then, as a beacon shining through the surge That hurls his storm-tosded vessel here and there, To giant efforts doth the seaman urge, Till rides his bark beneath its guiding glare; So Hope, the comforter, in accents sweet, Whispers but primals to our stricken hearts, Giving us courage once again to meet, With dauntless mien, ill-fortune's cruel darts. And soon, by Hope engendered, sunshine fills the gloom, And once again Life's roses along our pathway bloom, And all the barren desert beams bright with beauty vernal, Ne'er to fade until the earthly fade in the eternal. Cross Words. A most doleful building in first is descried ; We recommend all to keep on its outside. A girl's Christian name; Please find out the same. If you would rightly guess our third, Just bring to mind a well-known bird. A "disthressful counthry" they call that, But a beautiful one, for all that. Another girl's pretty n sme will our ffith show, 'Tis borne by a lady friend whom we all know. An Irish town For neat write down. Still another girl's name to your mind slease recall, And one which we think is the nicest"t all. A species of con. We oft work upon. S. FRANKrs asND G. H. Panar. Foeundation ord. 19.-I'm very near to you who wage The merry war in " Tourney" page, And if you care to see me now Before you I will make my bow. Cross Words. It will soon come round, And away we'll go For a holiday trip Where the breezes blow I This is the ocean--how swiftly wo sail I Tell me, oh, tell me the magical tale, Legend fantastic, of yonder dlark cave, Washed by the restless and mnurmuring wave. For everything there is a third, You'll say, " Well, that we all have heard." With heart so fifth, this golden ball Is most refreshing to us all. Welcome, friend, of ancieut standing, Truly are you called a boon; And the thirsty pilgrim greets you This hot summer afternoon. Take a dip, and then indite A con. if you're a riddling wight. Last in plenty you may read, Some that end and some that lead. LorrIE W. (A letter taken from each beast's name will give one " Tourney " knight, and from each bird another.) Foundation Words. 20.-He's a clever " Tourney" knight, I met him at the Zoo In a most unusual plight- What say you? For his name the beasts divide, And a chum that sought his side Found the birds himself would hide Straight from view. Those two knights they vanished soon Between dawn and afteridoon, And they're waiting till some loon Gets the clue, And with "Tourney" zeal and skill Their cruel captors kill; So go at it with a will, Staunch and true. Cross Words. Lions roar and vultures wink, This is carnival, I think. There's a puma yonder holding a ringdove by the tail; Here's a camneleopard fine With a tomtit taking wine; While chimpanzee tells eagle that the buns are very stale; The wildcat takes his way To the nest of the blue jay, To beg she'll meet with brother bear and pelican so proud; For, arm in arm, emu And cassowary flew To fetch home shrew and saudmartin and chaff them in the crowd. MADEISaA. ARITHMOREM. (An aerosti. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Founadation Words. 21.-When the " R. T." you gaze upon, Look at this simple little con. ; The primals find, and then you'll see A witty warrior of the "T." .'ross Words. 150 and rejou My frst means merry, jovial, gay. 500 ,, rastn ' A busy London thoroughfare. 1,100 ,, ratra A vehicle seen every day. 55 ,, ao ly nert isneitherround nor square. 1,101 ,, zanpehe MyjiftAl you'll find is in the Zoo. 50 ,, akra A Zulu's house you here will view. 101 ,, nerse My last's a word which meaneth true. And now, dear rids., I'll say adieu. E. Founstt, Barnes.