RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM. FIRST.
1.-Alone, I say I I cannot be alone I The world is wide-I surely claim a friend. 'Twas only yestermorn they'd gladly own My warm desires to serve them to the end. And yet-oh, can I recognize the truth ?- When cold Adversity destroyed the bliss That hovered round the hopes of sunny youth, My friends were gone. My hopes were wrecked atthis. My first desires that erst were fondly cherished By friendship warm, alas I had sadly perished. sEcocD. Fair brother, weary of our worldlycares, Be not of heart so faint, of mind so sear; All is not next, for though ill fortune spares Not e'en a hope, one thought should still be dear. The world is wide, you say-'tis truly so; But in it, you may have no earthly friend. Besides this world is there no place to go- No other which the longed-for aid would lend P Oh, brother mine, when worldly fortune's lowly, Remember there is still one friendship holy I . PAn NOBILE FRaTRux. CENTRAL CHANGE. 2.-It was a first of Light Dragoons who, staying in the town, Got mixed up in a love affair with one Augusta Brown. Her pa lived in the second house; a man of wealth was he, And swore that she should marry one of the nobilites. But, lo I one favourable night, the happy couple sloped- Or, rather, it would better sound to say that they eloped. The morning dawned, and with it came discov'ryof their flight; The hue and cry was quickly raised, and lasted day and night. At length the guilty pair were caught, but-they were man and wife I And didn't Mr. Brown just storm and vow he'd have the life Of his military son-in-law, unless he was a lord I (He wasn't-still the irate father didn't keep his word.) He wouldn't stand it I Not a bit 1 He'd get up a divorce- Which was a silly thing to say, no.v, wasn't it? Of course! But. no he actually had them arraigned before the last, And tried to loose the knot-but they were wedded tight and fast. And when he found it would not do, he pardoned them their stealth, kiud gave his blessing unto them, and, what was more, his wealth. FRED. TAYLOR. ACROSTICAL DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. S.-S tiff and starched, or neat and clean, P rimals may at once denote; R ich and regal flower-a queen- I n my finals must be sought. N ow, combined, the twain will bring G entle herald of the spring. Cross Words. S urely, those who're in the right N eed to fear no this. nor might. O h, that Poles were all like thee I W ould not Poland soon be free P D rop the knee to none of those, R ather face thy fiercest foes. O h, how sweet thy verses flow, P oet of the long ago I CouLsoN AND MYERs. TRANSPOSITIONAL MONOPHONE. FIRST. S.-Dear readers and riddlers so witty and clever, With hope and ambition my heart is inspired. Messrs. Franklin and Kitchuer, II. Price and F. Coulson, Your famous good riddles long have I admired. A great many more riddling bards I could mention Who, like you, have worked hard and gained great renown. But, there I to my con. I must pay some attention : So, first, you will see, is a small English town. Oh, hunting's the life for me, So jolly, exciting, and free I My heart's best delight is from morning till night To second o'er meadow and lea. EXPLANATION. My first and second make a monophone; My third and fourth another one compose; Transpose my first, my third will then be shown; And fourth is seen if second you transpose. SECOND. Oh I Samuel Smith was a business-like man, A third, sir, he was by trade- He'd turn a blue gown into yellow or brown, And plenty of money he made. Old Timothy Tight, after supping one night, To seek sweet repose, went to bed; The nightmare he had, which made him feel bad, And put thoughts so fourth in his head. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. REVERSIONS. 5.-A wealthy old man first Sir Solomon Smart, But harder than granite, alas I first his heart, And though oft the poor Craved arms at his door, He ne'er with a farthing would part-would part. He dressed in the glossiest, blackest of black, And had a most awfully unpleasant knack Of jingling his gold, Though, truth must be told, He cared not to spend it-alack I alack I He wore on his visage a frown so dark It frightened the ladies who drove in the park, And his solemn gaze Did frequently raise A very sarcastic remark-remark. But one day his fiery steed bolted, 'tis said, And threw poor Sir Solomon over his head, And it came to pass That, alas I alas I When picked up they next he first dead-dead, dead 1 Oh, Gessmeyne Aime, pardon I crave, sir, I do, For taking the style used by Binstead and you. But oft I've been told Of Tom Tar so bold, So his metre I'd follow, sir, too-'tis true I GRIGGS THE AUTOMATON. DECAPITATION. .--So ho ! gallant riddlers, or firsts, I should say, We've all met again in the " Tourney" to-day, And since we are here, We'll lustily cheer- "Our Ed. and the 'Tourney!' Hooray hooray !" Oh, Binstead, I know you have reason to blame Myself and another-and that's Gessmeyne Aime. For once he made free With your style, Mr. B., And now I am doing the same-the same. I read of Bob Black, and I read of Tom Tar- The shoeblack, you know, and the nautical star- And that second I said, As the verses I read, " The authors are good "ns-they are I they are ! Oh, Binstead, your puzzles are pleasant to read- No wonder that you should so oft take the lead, For excellent quite Are the cons. that you write, And very amusing-indeed I indeed I And now, Gessmeyne Aime, I must say unto you That your riddling effusions are excellent, too; And I know you won't scold When I say-but hold ! hold I 'Tis time I was saying adieu I adieu I ALEax. S., Glasgow. TRANSPOSITION. 7.?,-In every field my first is found; Transpose, and caution view; The act repeat, a tribe it meane- 'Tis surely known to you. BLuCaR. Dumfries,
MONOPHONE, 8.-Right boldly Roderick swam the turgid moat, Then scaled the ramparts old, And reared aloof his well-knit frame to note Where rode his foeman bold. The first was still but for the sentry's tramp, And Roderick gazed adown The tilt-yard old, where many a knight or scamp Had fought for love, renown. There Roderick saw his unperceiving foe, Dim in the shadowy light, And swiftly fixed an arrow to his bow, And drew his bowstring tight, Then stooped to take his sure and deadly aim, But paused-in accents low : "The deed is just, forsooth I His life I claim- But I'm a Scottish foe I No mean, ungenerous 'vantage will I take, Which first could never hide, Dark though it be, and never could I make My bosom cease to chide." But scarcely had he spoke the soul-true speech, When, in the yard below, His foeman saw the second in his reach, And an arrow left. his bow To travel, hissing, through the stilly air, And strike the noble knight, To bury in that bosom pure and fair, Which knew of naught but right. And down from off the ramparts, with a crash, The lifeless body fell, To sink beneath the moat, with scarce a splash Of th' treachery to tell 1 GESSKETNE AInE. METAGRAM. 9.-True firsts of riddling lore herein we find; Second do they for smiles from readers kind; Oh, that my cons. third never be declined, I always hope; Still, 'tis but fourth that we, with earnest mind, 'Gainst drawbacks cope. Perchance, ye puzzling champions, often long Into the weary fifth you've sat among Your books to pen some thrilling ode or song. Till sixth of day, Proved that your undue eagerness was wrong. Am I fourth, say P Now from your last I go-the tea.bell's dong Calls me away. NELLIE C., Bow. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 10.-In Young Folks these were to be seen, Two heroes brave and bold; From week to week their doings were In graphic language told. Cross Words. As one who names, our first is found; Next is a lady's name i An active animal our third- Now please put down the same. A toy our fourth will surely be; A bird next is, we say; For last curtail a wild uproar. Now, riddlers all, good day. RAW AND GRANTr, CHARADE. 11.-Famed for my first is Dunstable, And Luton, too, in Beds. I've seen it in the harvest fields And on the ladies' heads. My second in the autumn lanes, Amongst the hedgerows, grow, And dear 'tis to the feathered tribe When comes the time of snow. With sugar white and yellow cream, In dainty china bowl, Do daintier dames delight to mix, And eat, my luscious whole. J. E. W. NEwcoaB, ARITHMOREM. boundation Words. 12.-With lance at rest, he rides in sight From out yon gorgeous tent- It is a noble, gallant knight Of this our " Tournament." He kneels before the graceful queen, Queen of the sports to be; He looks and smiles, for 'tie, I ween, !The smiling Nellie C. Cross Words. 105 and oha Devastation I 100 ,, gehan Alteratipn; 157 ,, tyrop Inclination; 150 ,, lare Revocation; 2 ,, nsght Penetration; 101 ,, sonu A relation; 61 ,, cataton Elevation. Adieu. F. WALLIS, Swindon. SQUARE WORDS. 13.-I here propose a little square, For you to try to guess; And as I've taken time and care, I hope I won't transgress. For first, a soothing kind of drink That every one doth use ' And further let me add, I think, That none will it refuse. Then second is what I must do With this my simple rhyme; And so, I think, will some of you In no great space of time. For third and last, you'll please secure A lady's Christian name, And then you'll find, I'm very sure, It reads both ways the same. R. MONTGOMERE . LOGOGRIPH. 14,-The lads and lasses all were gay, And danced the whole quite hearty, So each one vowed some future day They'd have another party. Then Jim would next (my whole reversed) On Jeannie, who was dancing And ere the party was dispersed Jim's heart with joy was prancing, (Turn round again, cut off its head.) Jim vowed that all the girls were Just like my last, so hard to hold. Jim isn't much astray there. . GarNT, BETAGRAM., 15.-Loud and fierce did rage the battle, With clash of swords and cannon's rattle The first of blood was on the ground, While dead and dying lay around. Now night hath donned her sable shroud, No more the sound of battle loud; The last lie on the grass so green, While death and silence reign supreme. R. ARGaLE. CENTRAL DELETIONS. 16,-" Hurrah I" a merry boy did first, As from the school he burst. SHunrrah! hurrah!l" again he cried,
" The schbool to-morrow's next, I say, For 'tis a holiday." ALRx. S., Glasgow. 17.-A sort of loop it first doth mean, But centre please take out, And you will see at once, I ween, What's on your face, no doubt. W. D. FUBERS, Liverpool. TRANSPOSITION. 18.-Now please to name Part of your frame, And properly transpose it. Don't be behind, But call to mind An animal, Disclose it. W. D, PIeCaetr
MONOPHONE. 19.-Welcome, Miss Lottie, welcome back again I My joy is earnest, for right glad am I To see you wield again the skilful pen, Which has too long of late lain idly by. At times methought we ne'er should know you more; I feared your old-time friends you had forgot, When, week by week, I read the " Tourney" o'er, Looked for the well-known name, and found it not. But now stay with us, bright'ning up our Sphinx With wit, and first again your cheery rhyme; Your muse has had a lengthened " forty winks," And now should make up for the idle time. Your cons. are all, Miss, of the second kind, And that is why we value them so much; They ne'er, like some bards' verses, vex the mind, By hobbling like a cripple on a crutch. So now perform a ceremonial third; In fancy, firmly clasp my outstretched hand, And give us here your honourable word Ne'er to desert again our merry band I F. W. BINTEAD. ENIGMATICAL CHARADE. 20.-In the year of 'Eighty-one, sirs, P'r'aps you'll think I'm making fun, sirs, When this short effusion from my muse you cast your gaze upon, Yet I tell you in good sooth, sirs, That the words I write are truth, sirs. Now behold the subject of my rhyme, the great phe. nomenon ! Vhole was this great marvel's name, sirs, And he gained a well.earned fame, sirs, Though, as sure as I am primal, 'tis a mystery to me, And astronomers, and preachers, Or philosophers, and teachers, All have tried this mystery to solve, how last oouldprinmal be. Yet ocular demonstration Of this wonderful sensation Was afforded, as is clearly shown, so disbelief is nfl. IBut it greatly did astound, sirs, Wise magicians and profound, sirs, VWhen they heard that he was dead, and yet was primal second still. For by logic's common rule, sirs, Which we all are taught at school, sirs, Is it possible that first next which is dead could ever be P Yet that wondrous fact is plain, sire, And a fact will still remain, sirs, As a mystical enigma of the ninteenth century. F. R. CouLsoN, Bow, METAGRAMS. 21.-Alas I poor Gelert, never more Thou'lt first and bark so madly, Llewellyn's grief is fraught with pain ; He mourns thy loss full sadly. And when he next his cherished babe, All lying there so still, " Thou false and treacherous third I" he cried, And then did blindly kill. Sleep on, brave hero, rest in peace Beneath thy sacred last, Thy name and fame in song shall live When centuries have past. BARNETT DE BEAR. 22.-He went, his little heart with pleasure bounding, His bonny cheek was covered with a blush, And soon we heard his primal bugle sounding, And saw the soldiers boldly onward rush. We heard the cannon second forth their thunder, And saw how merry England's men could fight; The armies swayed, the dead and dying under, Until the fray was shortened by the night. The morn was slowly breaking in the distance, Thus heralding the new approaching day; When France, unable now to give resistance, Surrendered, and oMh England held proud sway. And then, where lay the heaps of dead and dying, The old third flag wound tightly round his breast, The soldiers found their little bugler lying ; But now his spirit was for aye at rest. PaRIO AND COULSON. CURTAILMENT. 23.-" Oh, first a copper, gentle sir, I'm hungry, tired, and ill," The beggar clied. My heart was moved. I stopped and said, " I will." Our noble vessel flew ahead Before the angry gale, While every mast and next was strained, And rent was every sail. HAYES AND STons. BETAGRAM,. 24.-Thus quoth a youth when passing by a store, Where fishes fried were purchased by the score ; "This incense floating on the balmy air Incenses me-offends my nose so fair. In scents my father deals and profit gets* In cents our Yankee cousins pay their debts; But this in sense-in common sense-I say In sent should be-not driven out this way, To make me most insensible with ire, While in the air I lift my fair nose higher. I'm not a critic, and, therefore, behold In censuring this store no story's told; But my o'erburdened flrst I would relieve, Because-for fishes fried I sadly grieve 1" A case, you'll say, of fabled forx and grapes, But 'twill be funny if that fish escapes. However, for the present we must part; So last your ways, and take my words to heart. HfEINRIOc DER WAHR. DECAPITATION. 25.-Oh, Editor, in vain my first I rack, To pen a con, that will win admiration How is it that some people have the knack Of writing just what meets with approbation P On me I fear no showers of praise will second, And much I dread to see, " With thanks declined." How often I the days and weeks have reckoned, Ere I my verses in Young Folks may find. AsrPx. TRANSPOSITION. 26.-Oh, changeful April, what a first deceiver One must consider thee I One ventures forth, In thy sweet sunny smiles a firm believer, Gets wet through to the skin; returns in wrath, SThy eloquent inveigher, and a griever. Oh, changeful April, you begin a day With many showers of unrelenting rain; At ten, you wisely shake your head and say, "No, this '11 never do; I'll try again I" And then you fill pedestrians with pain, By sending such a dose of piercing breezes (Which pack to bankruptcy each shop of snuff~- For no one needeth snuff when you give sneezes With such a liberal hand I) Then something seizes-- As true as e'er I last I-thy mind so rough, To send of sunny hours, at least enough To give the shiv'ring sparrow just a drying, And set him once again all merry flying. Oh, changeful April, never will I trust Thy youthful f~ace to speak the truth again
For, ruler quarrelsome una seldom 'ust, Thine is, indeed, a very bustling reg!l GESSHETNE AIMx. OMEGRAM. 27.-Last summer came our village through A first, where we strange sights could view; Famed Waterloo, and Sedan's field, Where France, twice vanquished, had to yield. While driving out one autumn day, Our horse grew lame upon the way. A forge we sought, and all made right-'- Our horse was this; we homed that night. The battle rages fierce and long; Through last and shell the soldiers throng, At cannon's mouth to gain a name, To be enrolled on the ranks of fame. P. M'CiLA, Dublin,
TRANSPOSITION. 28.-I fancy I see her as often she stood By my side in the garden or glades of the wood, With her hazel eyes fine, Looking up into mine, With her ringlets brown peeping from under her hood I When the rose-tinted sun slowly sank in the west, And the whispering leavelets were lulling to rest The birds in the trees, In the lanes, and the leas, And first tired little sparrow was seeking his nest. In the dear little garden we parted at last, For my lot on the billowy ocean was cast; And the pretty head sank, As she murmured, " Oh, Frank, Often think of the happy old times that are past I" As we kissed there were tears in those deep hazel eyes, And tell-tale pearl-drops in my own would arise, As she murmured, " Good.lbye," With a true sweetheart's sigh. I departed to travel 'twixt ocean and skies. And oft as I stand on the deck of the Dare, Where glitter the gay waves in Sol's lurid glare, As he sinks in the west, There's a last in my breast, As I think of my Nelly so gentle and fair. OnrNIi VINCIT cAMeO. BETAGRAM. 29.-In this pretty little ditty, 'Tis my purpose wise and witty, Wonders which in London's city can be found, to toll to you, And, with your polite attention, Interesting things I'll mention, Which, to settle all dissension, our good Ed. will vouch are true. Here you never need be thirsty, For if o'er a man is first, lie Can, when at the very worst he is, drink at the street of Milk ; Or, if hungry, he can go, then, To the street of Bread, you know, then If his robes are tattered, lo I then there's another street of Silk. If no money you're possessing, You at once will be confessing Silver-street's indeed a blessing; better still, there's one of Gold. And you never need to fear, sir, If in your town things are dear, sir, For a Cheapside we have here, sir. Easteheap, too, we can unfold. There's Whitechapel, to, whose token Is a red churchi with a broken Dragon, next in pride unspoken on the spire that towers so high. Other wonders I could trace, sirs, Which cannot be in this place, sirs, Given for the want of space, sirs. So to you I say good. bye, ainIos THE AUTOrIATON. CURTAILMENT. 30.-Deserted P Nay, friends, you're decidedly wrong. My silence, I grant's, been uncommonly long; Yet pardon you will. For I've been very ill, But now I am growing quite strong-ay, strong. Miss Effie's misfortunes-bold Ralpho's renowns- I've followed with int'rest-the ups and the downs Of Tom Rodman at school, Or across the big " pool;" The authors of which deserve crowns on crowns. I've first, too, your praiseworthy efforts with pride ; Your visible progress can not be denied. 'Twas gladnuess,indeed Your effusions to read, And mark how with fairness you vied-you vied. 'Twas pleasing to next, too, how week after week Familiar faces appeared, so to speak, And then would I smile; My pain for a while Relieved by your efforts-next weak I! next weak I Imitation's the greatest of flatt'ry, they say; That Binstead and Gessmeyne Aime think so, I pray. For thinking no guile, I borrowed their style, Which pleas'd me immensely. Good day I good day I J. MYERs, Daltonmin-Furness. DECAPITATIONS. 31.-This puz. I would ask you to scan at your leisure. To first in the winter affords us much pleasure; And although I'll confess that a " downer's" not nice, You will find that the pain is all o'er in a trice. Now, kind riddlers, if second you'd graciously find, Kindly take off my head, and a name bring to mind; It is owned by the fair sex I fancy you'll say; But now, as I've finmhed, I'll bid you good day. T. S. SHAUL. 32,-A river not far from London My first will surely be; And what nigh ev'ry one does have To pay in last you'll see. R. C. CozExs, ROTATION CHANGE. 33.-Chip of the old block I Yes, young Tom, in thee The sire is reproduced. A mirror thou Reflecting him. As high in courage he; As full of first as thou art proving now. Lucky-born Tom I Thy dad a millionaire (Or something near), and thou his only heir; Thou'lt never need thy weary brain to rack For some excuse to keep my second back, When at thy door, with errand.speaking clamour, Thou.hearest him foe instant entrance hammer. But thou hast been in battle's next and roar, Tom, And bravely fought thy captain's eye before, Tom; So now thou'lt for a rise be nominated, And in the end an admiral created. Well, Tom, I wish thee joy in thy career. A sailor's life was not for me, I fear. I'm quite content if once a year I go To spend a humble seaside week or so, And take my final in the briny sea (A dozen feet is quite enough for me); Whilst thou the ocean wide must travel over Till Mr. Maitland lands thee in full clover. T. L. IIEtEaRT, CONUNDRUMS. 84.-(1) Come, all ye witty riddlers, pray, A well-known word now find Of letters four; take one away, And one is left behind. (2) Solve this conundrum if you can; 'Tis easy-do not tremble. What portion of a fish does an Old riddler resemble ? F. R. ConUsoN, Bow. CHARADE. 85,-One morning in the summer-time, Ifi Jrst nxct third, who sighed, And said to me," Can you reveal Where that great total died P" R. Gnaur,