RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
". We find it necessary to inform readers of the very limited number of riddles on our files. We are unable to account satisfactorily for the decline in contributions of this kind. If our puzzlers care to retain their places in the " Tournament," it is necessary that they should bestir themselves, and furnish something by which they may be worthily represented. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in suoccession to form other words.) 1.-Miss Arabella Malinda de Jones, A pretty young girl, I've beard say, So dazzling and fair, with long golden hair (She wore it in curl, by the way). All ribbons and laces, And sweet, airy graces, First Miss Arabella Malinda de Jones. Mr. Adolphus Fitznoodle M'Snooks, A dashing young swell, I've heard say. Who said he was heir to a great millionaire, Yet never could tell, by the way, Where their grand mansion stood-though He thought 'twas Llandudno, Said Mr. Adolphus Fitznoodle M'Snooks. Miss Arabella Malinda de Jones Was missing one morn, I've heard say (The safe of its gold she had robbed for this bold And 'cute highly-born, by the way), And left naught behind her, No clue how to find her, Did harsh Arabella Malinda de Jones. Mr. Adolphus Fitznoodle M'Snooks Ere two months had sped, I've heard say, Was tired of third life and his bad.tempered wife, And wished fourth-self dead or away. Too fond of her laces, And making grimaces, Was Mrs. Adolphus Fitznoodle M'Snooks. Miss Arabella Malinda de Jones Her fate now bemoans, i've heard say. The future revealed that the nobly-born dealed In old rags and bones, lack-a-day I The lover so mystic Proved too egotistic For Miss Arabella Malinda de Jones. Mr. and Mrs. Fitznoodle M'Snooks Now seek a divorce, I've heard say, For causing the bother keep blaming each other, So 'tis the best course, lack-a-day ) Oh, readers, take warning, if you would save worry, Don't tie the hymeneal knot in a hurry; Don't rush to it blindly, in love overhead, And after a three weeks' acquaintance get wed, To cry, when too late the rash act to undo, That fate next been awfully cruel to you; But unto the future cast penetrative looks, And think of poor Mr. and Mrs. M'Snooks. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 2.-I stood on the first-worn rock That inclines to the leaping wave, And felt the opposing shock That each surging breaker gave; And fancy suggested That they but contested To tear the old rock to his forefathers' grave. Thus deadly and fierce they fly In the face of the heavenly power; Flung down with a roar and cry, 'Tis not in safe depths they cower I Let thunders re-crash at them, Winds battle and dash at them, And clouds overhead grimly mutter and low'r. Still echoes their war-cry " Prey !" Still aspiring they mount on high; Still proudly they last their spray, As careering winds rush by. Not for an instant still I Not beaten, subdued their will, While wind and thunder are-battle they try I Will ye, then, give over work To, disconsolate, sit and pine ? Give cause for the tempter's smirk, And your energies let decline ? Stand firmly and resolute, Like Winkle, adventurous shoot : Reflect, if you hit the bird-'tis imnpeishably thine! W. A. COOPER. 3.-Each Saturday is first to me, For then I next with glee, The conse. of all the riddling band That write to our " R. T." And now I third to write also, And hope our noble Ed. Will find this up to standard mark, And here expose its head. D. SCOTT, Newtongrange. ACROSTIC. (A wold, or wordi. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 4.-Without a word, he looked at me; A kind of mournful, sickly smile Was playing on his lips the while- A smile that guiltless was of glee. He never spoke, but turned away, Then shook his curls, then looked again, And now hs face was full of pain. Then, springing up, they heard him say: "I wll! I'll prove to every one No craven blood is mingled with The gore that fills the veins of Smith." A moment more, and I was gone I Cross Words. I was with you, Sir Garnet, when onward you led Our bold-heart, d soldiers to fight for the Queen; I was with you, dear Jack, when the pain in your head Made you sick with an anguish too terribly keen. I was with you, O lassie, so charming and chaste, When he asked you to take him for better or worse; I was with you, dear boys, when the Editor placed At the top of the column your riddles in verse. H. C. PaICE. Southwark. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 5.-lie first going to the next in the far-off land, Where the sunlight glistens on the dry, yellow sand; Faithful to his colours, and true to the command, " Pro gloria patrifa." He'd bade his weeping mother a long last good-bye, Vainly striving meanwhile to crush a tiny sigh, As he told how willingly, nay, gladly he would die, " Pro gloria patria.'" Where a gory carpet spreads o'er the golden sand, Lsy he third, cold, lifeless, one of the brave, bold band Who proved true to their colours and to the command, " Pro gloria patri."' MAoozr D., Grangemouth. 6.- ells of anguish from the hill, Whither boisterous Jack and Jill Had gone for a first of water, pure and clear; And for mischief nothing loth, Soon it happen'd that they both Smash'd the first, fell down the hill-a fall severe. Though their ma had deem'd it right Each of them to warn that night, No attention had they next unto her word But as lasts shot through Jack's head, Mournfully to Jill he said: " How I wish, dear Jill, that this had ne'er occurred i" ETAGRAM. PLo, Arbroath. (Change the firsta letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Around the grim old castle's wall My first doth wind its way, While, in the oak empanelled hall, Of men a good array Wait, each in a next of mail, To hear the bugle sound; And then, away, o'er hill and dale, To sweep the country round. SAx WELLER.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 8.-Hush ! hush! we are going some facts to proclaim, Mention it not 1 We're two more aspirants for puzzledom fame, Mention it not I And mind ne'er disclose it ; do not, when we state We're "go-ahead" youths who for nothing can wait, So mean to gain fame at a most rapid rate. Mention it not ! Our weapon's the pen, and our armour's the ink, Mention it not! Our witty productions '11 astound you, we think. Mention it not I The " T's." fiue no longer of leanness shall boast; Our cons. will pour in, sirs, like butter on toast Till the Ed., in sheer madness, shall fly fro a his post I Mention it not ! We mean to court Musa by day and by night, Mention it not i And batches of cons. by the dozen to write- Mention it not! Eh ? what did you say, sir P Supposing that we Wrote two score of cons., and the lot minus three Were tenderly laid in the Waste Paper B. ! Mention it not 1 And listen to this; but again let us say- Mention it not I We purpose to buy up a telegraph. Nay, Mention it not ! And when we possess it, believe us, anon, To Red Lion House we will have it laid on. And thither we'll wire, word by word, every con. Mention it not I! WALLIs AND Gona.M, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.l 9.-Each armed with glass of "mountain dew," They sit around the fire of peat, A rugged, solemn-visaged crew, With noses of vermilion hue, And damp kilts steaming from the heat. Attentively they sit, the while A white.haired patriarch relates Strange legends of some ruined pile- Blood-curdling tales of elfin guile (Each first provoking hot debates). "Auld Nick" is introduced, of course, With " men of peace," prophetic seers, The demon dog, the phantom horse (Delightful creatures all), from source Which inexhaustible appears. More enterprising than the rest, Jock ventured next a comic tale; He strove with humour to invest The same; but, though he did his best, 'Twas but to miserably fail. At last a universal snore (Led up by Roderick M'Cree) Was heard, till opening the door, The landlord, with a lusty roar Of " Closing time," and "' Pay your score," Ended that Scottish revelry. D. Gow. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The lettersof cross words that are Ltoman numlerals expressed in figures.; Foundation Words. 10.-To William George Simpson (address as below), Would any kind riddler please send A box of initials and finals, which grow On his fruit trees ? and I'll be a triend. Cross Words. 1,001 and rupap In science this is A useful machine; It draws out the air From vessels, I ween. 501 ,, erp And this is a vice Which you should not flea In any young lady's Or gentleman's mind. 50 ,, kapo An enjoyable dance. 101 ,, ca A beautiful flower. 101 ,, rhen To make fertile; to bless With riches and power. W. G. SIurIsoN, Dulb~a. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another w0: I. 11.-" Oh, give me a penuy,'twill buy me some bread," A poor beggar-man to a rich lady said. " Since yesterday morn I've not tasted a crumb, And my limbs from sheer weakness feel useless and ntub. I've six little children all crying for food, Including an infant who's never yet stood. Then give me a copper-'tis all I shall ask, For begging to me is a horrible task. Would I go to the workhouse P Ah I no, ma'am. not ye, I'd die ere a foot o'er its threshold I'd set. I'm foolish, you say ? Oh, well, maybe I am, But I'd starve, and my children, ere we'd go there, ma'an.. You'll give me some work ? Can I credit my ears That again I shall work P Lady, pardon my tears- They are thankful ones, ma'am, for I really did think That my children and I were on starvation's brink. I've been ill, ma'am ? Ah I yes, at the portals of death, And at times, ma'am, I thought I was near sny last breath. And the poor little ones "-here a long, woeful sigh- " I've thought of them, ma'am, first I felt like to die. Ah I ma'am, I should keep you from this till to.morrjw, If I told you the half of my sadness and sorrow But, ma'am" - here his eyes were with tears very bright- " In all my misfortunes I've done naught but right. I've ne'er stole a farthing from woman or man; My children are free from dishonesty's ban. I- Why, who is this ? 'Tis a ' cop' I can se'ond, And he's on my track sooner than I had reckoned. Here ! give me a copper before he comes nigh I Ah I this is much better! Good-bye, ma'am, gosd-' ye " He's off with a bound and a fierce muttered cur-e, Leaving the poor lady-well, minus her purse I MAOGIE E. DENNY, Moate. CHA RADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a woreJ. 12.-My first is small, although 'tis great- That is, if greatness rightly can Be measured by its aggregate, As indispensable to man. My second is of equal need In every house or cot you see; In truth, without it, you'll concede, A dwelling-place could never be. But to our land belongs alone The fair possession of my holose, Nor could we part, for others known From zone to zone, or uole to pole. R. C. Los.LESS, Birmingham. 13.-My first is a kind of conveyance; In my second a fish you will see; And my third (if you read this small puzzle aright), A part of a river will be; My whole is a small Irish seaport, I can't say of any renown; It is found on the north coast of Ireland, On a bay the same name as the town. SITZ, Dungarv'aS. CONUNDRUM. 14.-Why is the letter M, dear sirs, Like London, the great city ? The answer I am sure to get From riddlers who are witty. AC, E A~can B.