AIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE DECAPITATION.
Sthe frlttwo letters of a word. leaving another word.) -r an I'm puzzled and puzzled again, . ~, j ole heart is a burden of pain; ile read your conn dozens of times o'er and o'er and which appeared in Young Folks 954). . and clever, and warlike and bold, Sirve -arious thoughts which I fain would un- fld led; bewildered, dumbstricken, perplexed, ia welY-I hardly know what to say next ! rible thought has possessed my poor mind, unted ue too a ma manner unkind; S by day, in my visions at night, Swih dstress I am in a sad plight. i w.t wsom you mentioned have worried me so- t fad out relief I am sure I don't know, mething told me to come straight to you, oh if you pity me, Juan, speak true. 'choe Juan, or he Ivanhoe P Ivanhoe's Juan, how could you acnot so ? s the grand secret you meant to reveal ? is the grand secret you strive to conceal ? a or Ivanhoe, no matter which, jrcondct is quite inexcusable. "Sich" 'kedaess robs me of all I would say, edrowns all the powers I would bring into play. l0snhoe, do you possess Juan's name ,oraoO with that cognomen hunted out fame P 1pleaig us all in a manner sedate, pting us, too, to ask you to relate rnasme, rank, and station-your s eal one, I mean, 'unot that same one in the " T." often seen. hisls the end of our quest-what a "blue 'un I" ce we've come to the point that Ivanhoe's Juan. if, after last, I have made a mistake, pLaishment I first be ready to take; mataer how hard, too, my penance may be, beeritbecause I deserve it, you see. it lam right (and I fancy I am). hs be so delighted-I've found out a sham, oll my perplexity then will be past Ime Ivahoe.Juan is found out at last. NNLLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. DECAPITATION. )rop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 2.-A tool used by carpenters For first bring to mind' If you behead the same, I'm sure A narrow road you'll find. J. H. VIvIAN, Croydon, NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. haoe the two last letters of a word to teform another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) Elegy on Timoth.y Dodd. ,-Poor old Timothy Dodd is dead; Sit and watch by his couch awhile. This is his toothpick; that is his bed; And this is the way he used to smile. These are his stockings, and those are his flutes, His dear old flutes that he valued so; And there in the corner, beside his boots, Is the pipe thst he stole from his uncle Joe. He used to go to the pit and play With his younger brothers, Ted and Jim; He never would walk, I have heard them say, But always got 'em to carry him. And, oh, it was plea ant and sweet to see Their boats go sailing and trying to win; And whenever the young 'uns would disagree, Tim gotbehind them and shoved 'em in. He wasn't big, and he wasn't small: He didn't sleep with his brother eed;, But he slept wit his face against the wall, And whenever he woke he scratched his head. Poor old Timothy ! poor old Dodd i Why in the world were you not content P He called his parents, gave 'em a nod, Then kicked up his heels and away he went. Toss. QUOTATION PUZZLE. O words in the narrative form the beginning and end of a quotation or proverb.) 4i-A Solomon some time ago For an examination Determined to present himself Without procrastination. He was some rich man's son, I'm told, High up in worldly station; But yet this budding youth possessed A dearth of information; Though 'tis in doubt, for some declare He was a youth of knowledge, A genius full of natural gifts, The Al in his college. The Church was his intended hope, And on the day appointed Before his mentors he appeared With all his armour jointed. They asked him questions right and left, And though it may seem a libel, He seemed to have no knowledge of The contents of his Bible. To" pluck " him they had no intent, Though they were angry rather, Because they saw portrayed in him His Croesus of a father. So, if this hopeful could but give The answer to one query, They'd pass him through all right, because Of him they were a-weary. They asked him questions manifold, But still he could not answer Until they chanced to give one which - e answered like a man, sir. W"ho was that man of Israel's host , Of such uncom mon measure P" Why, Saul'l" " Right, sir!" And off he sped With visage full of pleasure. But when he reached the stately door (To show off he was yearning), te thought he'd tell them something else And prove his muckle learning. o throuh the door on startled ears These words they fell like gall, sir, And echoed through those learned halls, Otherwise called Paul. sir !"" W. M. HOLnES, Easingwold. CURTAILMENTS. D nthe inal letter of a word. leaving another word.) he beadle stood at the old church door, i firest were large, and his heart was sore; -eu the bridesoom passed, to him annoy, e forgot his nezt in exultant joy. 6-'irst shows to you the way the wind blows; Scend is a vehicle every one knows. F. E. BIN, Hull. S TRANSPOSITION. "0s the letters in a word to form another word.) '-A girl's name is my first; But if you now transpose, A tree that blooms in spring I'm sure you will disclose. J. H. VTIvru, Croydon.
'METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-They two had met upon the shore, A not uncommon thing in summer, When down seaward the people pour, And every one's a newer comer. Like summer nights, he, short and dark, She, like the days, long. ~lrst, and sunny; And at this time I may remark That both of them of friends had none nigh. And she was an American, Which means that she had widest license In all pertaining to a man Without accepting your or my sense. He was susceptible and young, And, like all youths who hail from Britain, Believed what people said or sung About the charm of being smitten. And now each day they could be seen Together in the maze of fashion, With lord and lady, squire and dean, And all who with them put the mash on. To play and concert, choir and glee. And where they trip the light fantastic, With hints of secret joy went she, He with his purse and mind elastic. And he was charmed, and she was pleased, And she was coy, but soon grew bolder; And he acquaintances displeased, And to most beauties gave the shoulder. Thus in their daily speech and walk They held, like others, sweet communion; Not like " two roses on a stalk," But, unlike them, expecting union. When time was come that they should part. They sighed and mourned and grieved extremely ; And if the tear-drops didn't start, 'Twas only that they seemed unseemly. They parted, but they vowed to meet, And interchanged a loving token; Though storms should break and whirlwinds beat, Their whispered vows should not be broken. They came to town, but never met 'Till many months had hurried o'er them.... One day he saw the sweet coquette As down the street the people bore them. They stopped just then. "Dear me," she cried; "And is it really now December? What is your name? I've often tried, But really I could not remember." 'Twas not a horrid, awful dream; Ah, no I daylight was beaming o'er him. He saw the people in a stream, And her whom fate could not restore him. Now in a two last back he sits, Living, yet wholly misanthropic; And with his few companions it's A very much avoided topic. IvAxHOE, Belfast. 9.-With eyes of Nature's truest blue, With hair of most refulgent hue, The fairest thing that one could view Upon this earth; With name so sweet, too sweet tp tell, Enough that I remember well Of Love's divinely blissful spell I knew the worth. Gone much too soon, Sweet days of June, Oh, maiden that I loved; Oh, so pretty, Bright and witty Maiden that I loved. With foot so tiny, step so light. Her lovely face with smiles bedight, To steal a kiss was but my right- Lost now, alack I That welcome voice I think I hear, Though hushed for aye it sounds so near, My darling whom each falling tear Can not call back. Yes, gone for aye, Each fleeting day, Oh, maiden that I loved; Oh, so pretty, Bright and witty Maiden that I loved. AcHILLES II. 10.-Who midst the riddlers long has been P Who will not leave us now, I ween ? Who is our noble, gracious queen ? Marion. Who pleases us with witty lays, Which first across our path like rays ? Who ever with the "Tourney" stays ? Fair Nellie. Who sends us cons. of many kinds, With which to exercise our minds, And often she a new one finds ? Diana. Who keeps the " Tourney " in a roar With funny riddles to the fore (I hope that he will write next more)? F. Johnson. FLIBBERTIGIBBET. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ (With profuse apologies to E. W. G. and J. S.) 11.-I saw in the paper a few days ago Some news that astonished me quite, And since I've discovered 'tis true, so I know That what I am stating is right. A loving young couple were going to be wed, In cricketing costume arrayed; The wedding guests were, so my newspaper said. To be in like manner displayed. This opened my eyes- I stared in surprise ! A novel departure in marriage was this, A truly original costume, I wis, And one not adopted for fun. "At last, then," I cried, As softly I sighed, " There's something new under the sun." Suppose that your life you've a wish to conclude- You're weary of drawing your breath, I've here a suggestion, pray don't think it rude- How nice to be kissed unto death i You'll find sure the lips that will gladly essay This pleasantly difficult task; Now this is a really original way, And for it your thanks I must ask. At last there is found, As I will be bound, A method of suicide novel and new, And one that is really a pleasant one, too- I guess it will have "a long run." Friends. you must agree In saying with me, "There's something new under the sun." H. J. W. OFPron, London. DECAPI.-@URTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word. leaving another word.) 12.-My 'irst is found in the deep blue sea; If beheaded, a title 'twill be; Now curtail, and-then you'll have instead An important member of your head. F. C. FooTE.
-OHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh syllable of whloh is a word,) 13.-Sir Kenneth is gallant, Sir Kenneth is gay, Sir Kenneth is good at a roundelay; The fleetest foot and the keenest blade, And the softest voice in Tangleglade. Never a maiden in all the shire But thrills to Sir Kenneth's glance of fire; Never a youth but will ride to the death Where Sir Kenneth's pennon fiuttereth. Sir Kenneth has mounted his coal-black steed / And he rides to the wizard's tower with speed- Grey and gloomy, mossy and dank, With the foul weeds thick on the black moat's bank. Why rides Sir Kenneth so fast to-day P What words in his ear shall the wizard say P Why is Sir Kenneth's cheek so pale P Does he snuff my first in the tainted gale ? He hath checked his steed by the drawbridge old, That guards the way to the Haunted Hold. No need of my second's iron power To keep rude feet from the wizard's tower. He hath doffed his plume to that hoary seer, And he waits his horoscope to hear. " Now, read me my fate from thy hidden lore Till the next full moon-I ask no more !" Slowly the wizard raised his head As he looked on the knight and sternly said: " Hearken I thy fate comes near to thee. Arm I arm, Beausire, thy chivalry 1 And pray that, as erst on Ajalon, Yon moon stand still till the fight be won. For if it fill ere the last foe flee, It shall fill no more for thine or thee. Now go, proud knight, for thy doom is told; The stars lie not, and the grave is cold!" " The moon will fill in another hour; Nay, Clare, sweetheart, I leave thy bower, For the gleam of the foeman's steel is near, And none but a craven would linger here. Farewell, na mie ! the tale is told, The moon mounts high and the grave is cold 1" And steady and swift the knight doth ride To the doom the stars have prophesied. Pile the fagots and light the torch I Mutter the ban of Holy Church ! Blight on the wretch whose accursed art Hath wrought to death that gallant heart! Scatter his ashes far and wide, From Yarrow's holms to the banks of Clyde, That never again while Time shall be May my whole be found in the north countrie. W. WILLIars. 14.-O'Donoghne came to the hermit's cell; He climbed the ladder and pulled the bell; "I have ridden," said he, " with the saint to dine On his richest meal and his reddest wine." The hermit hastened my first to fill With water from the limpid rill; And "Drink," quoth he," of the juice, brave knight, Which breeds no fever, and prompts no fight." The hermit hastened my second to spread With stocks of lettuce and crusts of bread; And " Taste," quoth he, "of the cakes, fair guest, Which bring no surfeit, and break no rest." Hasty and hungry, the chief explored My whole with the point of his ready sword, And found, as yielded the latch and lock, A pasty of game and a flagon of hock. D. G. 15.-My first is in fluid; my second, a small table; and my whole is a receptacle for a fluid.-S. W. 16.-" What is the matter, Minnie, dear ? You do not eat your dinner. If you don't eat your meals, I fear You will get thin and thinner." " I'm pretty well," the maid replies, "But there's two one commencing To trouble me." "For shame l" Bob cries; " Around the truth she's fencing. " She told a fairy story, sir," This dreadful boy is blurting; "The hash is not complete to her, That's why her one is hurting." J. HOLT. ENIGMAS. 17.-No house is e'er without me, scarce a room; A hundred different shapes I do assume; The rich all prize me, for I guard their wealth; The schoolboy only uses me by stealth; The schoolgirls use me in the open day, And often treat me in a shocking way. Hark I when the strains of music swell on high, Who is it leads those joyous strains but I ? Then as the toper's friend I next appear, And he'll stick to me, for he loves me dear; But when into the policeman's hands he falls, And works the treadmill, guarded by stone walls, Still o'er him do I watch unto the end, But, dressed in different garb, him I attend. Sometimes you'll see me with a heavy load. So patient, toiling on the dusty road. And then at Christmas, see how much the feast By my fair presence on the board's increased. And last, I tell you, now this riddle's made, You cannot fathom it without my aid. W. CAIRNs. 18.-I shiver and gleam On river and stream; I skip o'er the lea, And dip in the sea, The terrific Atlantic I rule. I'm light as I flow; I'm white as the snow; I burnish the sand That furnish the strand Of Pacific-bound regions so cool. I come from an ocean, Though some scorn the notion, And will not receive it, But still do believe it The scientific nightmare of a fool. If you I've reflected Do not be dejected, Dear reader. Don't wonder; It's either a blunder Or prolific "bosh" of the Philander Mugg school. R. FrrzGERsLD. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word, erpressed in the narrative.) 19.-Who can tell what weather's coming Half an hour before its here- Whether burning hot or numbing, Whether foggy, wet, or clear ? Happy is the man whose pluck will Make him scorn his stick, though fine, Or in shelter he'll be stuck till Sol once more consents to shine. Wary ones oft take preciautions, Donning overcoats or scarfs; Soon they're making great contortions To divide their wraps in halves. Others think it safe, and so they Olothe themselves in summer suits; Fast enveloped in the snow they Find there's need for stronger boots I F. JOiNsoN, Manchester. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-First is an English seaport town; Second is an artist of renowu. F. E. HIiND, Huh.
.NAREATIVE. MONOPHQNE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in soundi,'expressed is the narrative.) 21--Friends, years ago I loved a maid, Yes, I, the great Philander ! She seemed to me both good and staid, And spoke with utmost candour. I loved the ground she trod upon- In fact, I oft preserved it, And gathered where her feet had gone. Alas I she ne'er deserved it. I thought her love was mine alone, Her actions made me think so; And as I wished to claim my own, I tried-but pluck will sink so- To tell her how my heart was filled With strong and true devotion; She winked (1) and softly, sweetly trilled, " Your love is drink's emotion." I gasped, "'Tis false ! You know that I Hold such in deep disgust, miss; So if you do not wish to die, Withdraw those words you must, miss." She laughed aloud, and said, " Pooh, pooh ! Already that I've done, sir; Ere I came out to walk with you I dyed my hair for fun, sir I" PHILANDER MUGed NARRATIVE DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The two central letters of a word are chatged to form another word, expressed in the narrative). 22.-The city was dullened by shadow and haze, And twilight had mantled the dreary vast With his coverlet grey. To human gaze Earth was in sober mourning, and aghast Euroclydon had hushed his chilly blast; While to the vision in terrible tryst Forms seemed to gather of skeleton cast From the spectre-land of the white.winged mist. The above is poetry, fine in style, No, nothing could be grander; But frater meus doth declare A fact that causes dander. He says that it is " dogger-rill," That he could do it better; And if I don't shut up this rhyme He'll give my nose a wetter. And you must know that he is big, And great as Alexander; And often do I long for help From bold and strong Philander. So I must stop my muse perforce, And hide this sheet of paper; For if moen frre discovers it It's sure to light his taper. Oh, pittez-moi, ye "Tourney" knights, And get up a subscription To put me in a horphan's 'ome, Safe from fraternal friction. W. M. HOLEBs, Easingwold. METAGRAM. (Chanse the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 23.-First brightly gleams the evening star, And night comes driving in her car, Trailing her dusky mantle towards the west, Second Luna, ever welcome queen, Ascends her throne with smile serene, And spreads her shining robe on old Earth's breast. Far in the tinted atmosphere Millions of tiny lamps appear To burn like diamonds in pure oxygen; Zephyrs with gentle, balmy breath, Stolen from rose and mignonette, Ripple through the stilly air now and again. Night weeps--her tears bedew each leaf, Or hide away like silent thief Within the bosom of some sleeping flower ; Oh, lovely scene I! thy charms invite The love.sick poet to indite His flattering visions in Erato's bower. R; FirTZesALD. CONUNDRUMS. 1. How can we learn of the harvest ? 2. What land reminds one of unripe fruit P 3. When may a man be said to be sewed up P 4. Spell a word of ten letters with only four. 5. Transpose four girls' names into four othernames. 6. When does an actor act in a very friendly manner. 7. Why are lovers good seamen 8. What is tied to time ? 9. What part of a fish weighs the most ? 10. What was the earliest tubular bridge ? 11. When is a man obliged to keep his word ? 12. Why is a whitewasher and a Greenlander alike ? ANswEEs.-1. From the corn '(s)talk. 2. Green-lanu. 3. When he is "hemmed in " by a crowd. 4. Excellency (which may be spelled with four letters, thus: X L N 1P. 5. Alice, Celia; Myra, Mary; May, Amy; Cornelia, Csar- line. 6. When he takes another actor's part. 7. BecaUge even in the stormiest weather they are not afraid to venture on a smack. 8. A watchmaker's apprentice. 9. The scales. 10. The bridge of the nose. 11. Whein s4 one will take it. 12. Because they both attend to tie ceiling (sealing).