RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
METAGRAM. 1.-'Tis night, and my chamber in gloom is immersed, As I silently sit, with a care-wrinkled brow, And write by the light of a flickering first, Unbothered by noise, save the frequent meow Of a cat on the tiles, who the evening beguiles By raising a terrible row. Perhaps you will ask what it is I indite, So carefully, thoughtfully, here all alone; And so I'll confess that the words which I write Will go to a second, my loved and my own, Whose charms I ne'er tire to love and admire- The nicest that ever were known. And, oh! should my answer unfavourable be, My heart will sink down to my boots; I shall weep and shed teardrops as salt as the sea, And tear out my hair by the roots. But should" Yes" be the word, I shallcutaglad third In joy at my labour's good fruits. F. W. BINSTEAD. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 2.-My little diamond is sent To grace the Young Folks "Tournament," So, as a clue ere you commence, Just take one letter out of tense; Next is an article of dress, The ladies wear it, I confess; This roams the forest wild at night, A savage beast, and one of might; A Scottish river here is found; And last you'll surely find in round. Read centrals rightly, if you can, A savage beast you then will scan. R. GRANT. CURTAILMENT. SI-Of politics, of war, Of bloodshed, strife, and crime, all A goodly stock and store, Is found within my primal. A day, a month, a year, Or century is reckoned To pass the muster here, To represent my second. Young Folks, and many old, Who've worshipped at his shrine, all Confess a hero bold Was he, chivalrous final. CoULsoN AND MrYERS. ACROSTIC. Foundation IVords. 4.-A certain friend we all know well- What certain friend now please to tell. May great success his efforts crown, Misfortune on him never frown. I'm sure, kind friend, you'll say the same When you find out this good friend's name. Cross Words. For first a poet of renown ; For next part of yourself put down; Name of a fish my third will tell; And this a land we all love well; This every day is worn by you; A fluid next will bring to view; Seventh a certain beast will show; And this a river you all know; My last is what you are doing now. And now, kind friends, I make my bow. HORACE W., Brighton. CENTRAL DELETION. 5.-Slumber, my darling child, peacefally slumber, And may thy sweet, innocent dreams be of me; And while our first last, love, I'll guard thee in slumber. Sleep peacefully, darling, I'm watching o'er thee. And when years have passed, love, and you are in man. hood, And she that has cherished you last in distress, Oh, think of the days when she guarded your childhood, And all of your sorrows soothed with a caress. J. WALKER. CHARADE. 6.-The night's now growing dark and drear, All our outdoor games are done; I leave my friends with deep regret, And soon my studies have began. Hist'ry, music, mathematics, All have charms for students fond; Then 'midst Latin prepositions Find my first, which means beyond. Hours pass by, and still untiring, Thoughts of play all gone and tied, When my second gave me warning It was time to go to bed. My whole, I think, you now will find A word which siguifieth clear. My little riddle soon you'll solve, And find the riddle whole, I fear. C. H. LO0TxnOUSE, Bradford. CENTRAL CHANGE. 7.-Young Folks, I'll begin without hesitation This riddle to unfold, So a word denoting disapprobation In first you will behold. The central change, and if done right, You're bound to see a perquisite. Now, if you've solved thus far, I'm sure The rest you'll very soon procure. The centre change once more, and you An enemy will surely view, And as that is my last, 'tis time I'd finished this unpolished rhyme. F. WALas, Swindon, OMEGRAM. 8.-Methought I stood within a humble cot, Where poverty and primal carried sway; The cotter's only child had died that day, And whilst I, moralizing o'er the lot Of poor humanity, stood wrapped in thought, A sylph.like fairy floated through the air; Supremely beautiful was she, and fair. A couch of softest down her says then brought; Then gently on the bier they placed the child. The fairy waved her next, and zephyrs bore Sweet cadence from Oberon's distant shore. And thus, by music's liquid strains beguiled, They slowly bore him from his earthly pain ; And now the dulcet strains did third and cease. But far away, in realms of bliss and peace, Free from all sorrow, lives the child again. NELLIE C., Bow. ROTATION CHANGE. 9.-A row on my first is a pleasant diversion In summer, the air's so oppressive at home; But here, as you smoothly glide o'er the still waters, You wish that cold winter may not so soon come. But in spite of our wishing, Jack Frost is now here With his followers, ice, cold, and snow, that's so clear, When a good fire of third is so needful to cheer, And so useful to bake a sweet second so dear. An edible plant is the next, I've heard tell, A species of cabbage, if I don't mistake; My last a young horse is-you know it quite well. As my con. is just finished, I'll now my bow make. L. FBEEMAN, DECAPITATIONS. 10.-A tower great My whole will state, As you will quickly see; Of head bereave.
And you'll perceive A Bible name 'twill be. F. T. RIDLZT. 11.-Give me not first-the food I ask Is lore of ages past; For while I history's page unmask, I can do naught but last. BARNET DE BEAR. LOGOGRIPH. 12.-Part of a ship reverse, axd find An English town I bring to mind; Curtail, reverse, and then I show A kind of fish we all should know. J. Sar.
ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 13.-Kind disperser of my sadness, Saviour of my mind from madness, Blest reviver of my gladness, Welcome, welcome, thou I Thou who filled my heart with pleasure, Gave enjoyment in my leisure, Thou art Nature's grandest treasure, Welcome, welcome, thou! COrss Words. 600 and rase To heaven pertaining, 'Tis solemn and blest; 51 ,, song Misfortune is reigning, To temper a test; 1,051 ,, goueu Oft.loved commendation, Or pertinent praise; 109 ,, toe Of some other nation, Away from our ways; 152 ,, post Cause much agitation In these naughty days. GESSsIETNE Ax[. ENIGMA. 14.-I'm strong and big, or weak and small, And when you are in bed, I whistle and I shriek, and all Your minds I fill with dread. When I am in a merry mood, I scatter things about, And (though I'll own 'tis very rude) Oft put your candle out. Girls stare at my audacity When bonnets off I knock; But yet all their sigacity Could not avert the shock. I'll own that I'm despotical; I make fire from a spark, But that is only what I call A most amusing lark. O'er earth do I predominate, Like some mischievous elf. Now, friends, pray try and nominate My most peculiar self. F. R. Counsox, BOW. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 15.-Dear friends, I want, before I start, Some information to impart; And it is this, that whole will show A riddling friend that all do know. For 3, 4, 5, and 9 you'll find A thing that soars upon the wind; And then my 7, 9, and 8 A kind of fowl is sure to state. But if you find 2, 4, and 1, You'll see that it is near to fun; Then 4 and 6 and 9 will be A very slipp'ry thing to see. Then for my last take 2, 10, 1, Put 9 and 4, and it is done, And you will see what I now do. So now, my friends, a kind adieu. R. MONTooxarn. TRANSPOSITION. 16.-Some time ago a certain lady said That chivalry had vanished into Hades, That gallantry had now entirely fled, And that we were not courteous to the ladies. And first a plain opinion we'd express. We both are blessed (?) with sisters young and fair, sins, Although the dreadful truth we must confess- They often playfully will pull our hair, sirs. Worse still, they always will have their own way; In fact, we often wonder that we ain't dead, For if we venture anything to say, Ahem I with nails we're quickly made acquainted. A reputation dreaded they have next, And their sweet tempers greatly have renowned 'em, And when they tense and make us very vexed, We're often sorely tempted to " Confound,'em I" Now, can you wonder chivalry has flown ? You feminines will last that you ill-use us, And thus our gallantry is overthrown. So blame yourselves-for why do you abuse us ? COULsoN AND PxKERINQa. CENTRAL CHANGE. 17.-The name of F ED. COULSON should flourish for over, For he did invent us the Central Change clever, Which gave unto me such a feeling of pleasure. And now that I find I've a few moments' leisure, I'll write you a riddle, and say, ere I ramble, My first is well known to all persons who gamble ; lily next is the time when our life is declining; A fermented liquor my third is defining; My fourth means to mimic or be imitating; A fear reverential my fifth will be stating; My sixth will be used when a tree you are felling; For ever and ever my next is the spelling; I eighth some plum cake, which I thought was delicious, But, then, I must own that too much is pernaiious. Ah, well I you ninth tiring, and seemingly weary, So now I will end what I can't call a theory. T. STroa. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 18.-When on the way of life dull care is looming, And clouds of fourth are gathering around, Fear not that they thy future will be dooming, lBut with determined courage stand thy ground. Seek solace in the thought that you are battling, Undaunted, in a cause that is the right, And though the third of trouble's fiercely rattling, With bravery for freedom hold the fight. Full many a fifth we've read with such a moral: Fight honestly, and only when you must; Restrain thy rising second; pause to quarrel, Unless into the battle you are thrust. And then sixth must thy nature be admiring; And that your cause is honest, and is right, Should in the rush thy bravery be firing- " Though loth to quarrel-ready for the fight." Now, ceasing from my strain so sentimental, I've just a word my puzzle to explain. The word across and down proves detrimental, And'uten is the instrument of pain. And I must hint, too, that my first and final You will observe in every cup of.tea. Please find each one, then to your head consign all, And much oblige, yours ever faithfully, H. C. PacxE, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 19.-Each one of you, friends, I've no doubt, does aspire To win for yourself the bright laurels of fame, That in coming ages your works might inspire The souls of all men who shall hear of your name. But, alas I I'm afraid most of this is but folly. 'Tis hard, friends, td win the hard's time-honouredbaya, And, I'm greatly afraid, naught save dull melancholy Finds place in the heart that's so longing for praise. J. P. HLamnirxox. CURTAILMENT. 20.-A port in England's isle curtail, A bird appears that haunts the vale. M.armsto.