RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. -DUAGRAM.
the first two letters of a word to form another word.) ab tood on a bank, on a suany south bank, plee b oothe breezes ran primal in many a prank, And the flowers were freshly blowing; A, tont of the hawthorn rose fragrant and sweet, ds oped their clusters the sunbeams to greet With a smile so fair and glowing. id at the flowers, at the bonny bright flowers, igI5studded the green hke a fall of star-showers, .dV I gathered of the, rarest; uending a glance up the gently.sloped height, Inoticed a next on a lottier site otic- Bore the fullest and the fairest.. Jclnbed to the third, to the coveted spot, tedow'rs seemecd less fair, and the produce was not Quite so rich as I had expected; ut above me I spied, through the bramble and brake, an ofif'ring of wealth for the finder to take, So thereto were my steps directed. rougb bramble and thorn, through the bramble and hirn, ith my bhands scratched and bleeding, my clothes oaught and torn, Yet higher and higher ascending, er farther and higher the fairest appeared, :ttbhe obarm always waned as the object was neared, And the quest seemed never.ending. ilength on the crown, on the garlanded crown, Istuod, ball in triumph, till, glancing adown Through the intervening brier, Ia that the flow'rs near the fourth of the height Were fully as plenteous, starry, and bright As any blossoming higher. ft ms to mase, to seriously muse, Onhow iten through aiming ahead we may lose The joys that bloom beside us. Feyearn after pleasures just out of our grasp, When the gladness that lies usidiscerned in our clasp he ght have amply satisfied us. helbigh.blooming flowers, unattainable flowers, Tshepleaures we covet that may not be ours, Shine fair through the charm of distance; But,ahl if we'd feel that the preseunt is sweet, Ilje'dgather the blossoms that spring at our feet, Row brighter would be existence I AnY BOEEMxER. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. peolnalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 2--How sweetly smells the new.mown hay, How brightly shines the sun, How joyous seems the summer day, As through the fields we run i We stay to toss the hay about, Revel in the boyish sport; H w merrily we laugh and shout-* Play games of every sort I We dabble in the purling brook, And cast away all care; Our faces wear a happy look, And all around seems fair. Cross Words. We clattered through the primal at a pace Which made the people think we rode a race. We proved a second ! Tom was soon set free. I thought he'd ne'er have finished thanking me. Rob Jefferson and I once made a vow That we would write a next with David Gow. If you will next this carefully, no doubt You'll very quickly make the answer out. The last are certainly more 'cute than we, For they have fogged both Jefferson and me. W. D. PICKERING AND R. L. JEFFERSON. Foundation Words. -A very well.known object in primals you will seel Tis always using finals, and that extensively. Of small worth is my primals without my finals dark; They're always used together, I lastly will remark. Cross Words. lyirst is where bright silver in quantities is found, onmotimes upon the surface, sometimes deep in t he ground. Tbepretty bird from second flew, as if 'twere sore afraid; It could not any harm expect from such a tender maid. Do~n in a cosy sheltered last the robin led its young plnmed its feathers bright. and red, and then right tally snug. E. L. HOLLAND. ACROSTICS. livord,orwords, formed of the initial letters of other words,) Foundation Word. 4.-An English river here is shown ; To all in London 'tis well known. Gross Words. No first of Johnny could be found, And some surmised that he'd been drowned. A precious thing. It can't be bought; By all sick persons it is sought. Iidst ever drink it P It is true Too much would have effect on you. Her rids. are witty, full of fun; In fact, she is the "Tourney's" sun. I hope you none of this possess, Though many have it more or less. Ne'er be too last of anything; We know not what the morn may bring. W. NOLAN, Clonmel. Foundation Word. .-An English soldier well known to fame My Primals will at once proclaim, A C Oross Words. transprent substance my first will name; ya might not see through it, all the same, Upjn the heaving second I did roam , ull many a league from my dear native home, No Omnencement, nor ending, has my third; ,iddlers all, don't think this is absurd, Andll say is only meant in sport Scommencement of days will be my fourth. in ehclamnation I presume youmake, ith Yaur permission, for my fifth I'll take. Tbeppendages to your extremities ill my sixth, if you'll excuse me, please. G. SCaLEs, Limerick. TRANSPOSITION. lranuose the letters in a word to form another word,) 8.Wbere the stately firsts are waving, SStands a tiny fearless band, Heat and toil and grim death braving Sotheir loved queen's command. e are si ah some are dying, Son are weary:, sad, and worn Ome beneaththegrass are lying ' reWo have reached Death's chilly bourne. : tnexts are burning brightly y a e azure.tinted sky eor the aoldiers. sleep but lightly, .or the enemy is nigh. lare watching for the morning, Ii-- riedof the gloomy night; - ie.at the day is dawning "
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 7.-Before the stream Bill Snaflee stood, His " devoirs " to the fish to pay ; But when they saw the proffered food, They turned and swam the other way. And now he stands beside the stream With drooping head and look forlorn, Like one who seems within a dream; No wonder-he's been there since morn. From early morn till " dewy eve" And not a solitary bite I So you will readily believe That Billy was disgusted quite. SI'll turn it up. Hallo I What's that P"- A sudden splash, and screams for aid. "Goo~d heavens I"-his heart went pit-a-pa.-- 'Some person drowning, I'm afraid." Bill was no primal-Bill could swim, And so he very quickly dived Final what seemed to be to him The place from whence the sounds arrived, When suddenly the screaming ceased, And Billy's efforts seemed in vain So, with anxiety increased, He started for the shore again. But he'd no sooner reached the shore, When, lo I again the screams were heard. Quoth Bill, " I'll make one effort more." And in he went, to keep his word. But as he neared the fatal spot. A low laugh came from out the stream i 'Twas most mysterious, was it not P- A laugh, where there had been a scream I Then Bill began to realize He'd been the victim of a hoax; But, oh, imagine his surprise, Ou gaining land by feeble strokes, To be facetiously addressed By " uncle John," with whom he stayed. He was the author of the "jest," As Bill learnt from the speech he made. The " speech" I will not give you here, But merely tender you the gists This uncle- listen, reader, dear- Was an expert ventriloquist I His was the voice from out the stream, " Thrown" with the brick that caused thesplash. Eccen rio man P Well, so 'twould seem ; And hence his conduct being rash. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 8.-Away far down the steep, abrupt hillside, See where the foaming waters madly dash ; Uprooted trees upon their surface ride, To strike the distant plain with thund'rous crash. The sullen clouds anon are torn apart By dreaded lightning's fierce, resistless power, That down to earth its fiery arms will dart, To coil and curl around each spire and tower ; Or else like gleaming serpents skim the ground Until its trail is lost in gloom profound. Then all is close, oppressive stillness, till,' Borne faintly to the straining, listening ear, A distant rolling, rumbling sound does fill Each cranny, nook, and cave afar and near, Ever rising louder and still louder, To terminate in one dread flinal roar, As though a thousand tons of deadly powder Had burst from out each shaking mountain's core, To muttering first upon some distant shore. Pale Luba casts her silvery radiance o'er Where late the elements were met in strife Between the rifted clouds her bright beams pour, And once more frightened nature wakes to life; The nightingale's sweet note peals through the grove, The wakelul night-bird's next rings sharp and shrill, As through the rain.bespangled leaves they rove, Or swiftly circle over vale and hill. A glittering stream rolls smoothly where before A 'thund'rous cataract's fierce waves had torn Stout trees from earth with dread triumphant roar, E. BLAmI, Liverpool. 9.-Whilst out in our great London streets one fine day, I was very much startled to hear a friend say, " I think, of all evils, by far that the worst Is to have a bad bite by a mordacious first. " Well, Fred," I rejoined," I must differ from youn': I think that a countryman who to London is new, When on the bad weather he finds he's not reckoned, His greatest dilemma's to be caught in a second." My friend and myself then homewards did walk, And all on our way there we continued our talk, And he said of all comforts he thought he preferred To be sitting indoors near a big, blazing third. J. A. ALLEN. 10.-First is an article that often gives you pleasure; Second is a bird. Please solve this at your leisure. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.--er eyes, unlike " twin stars," when theylook on me, Have nothing hidden in their melting gaze; All truthfully and mild they beam upon me, Stirring my bosom with their laughing rays, And, oh, the love and trust that glance displays I Theirs is a language which can ne'er be spoken, Nor ever read, except by kindred eyes; There I can gather many a tender token Which other lookers.on would ne'er surmise- Can read their smiles, interpret all their sighs. For her eyes smile and sigh, as well as weep, And they can speak-if ever eyes could speak- Except when 'neath the spell of fairy sleep; But whei at morn that fairy's spell doth break, Agiow with mirth these eyes of mine they seek. Like as a mother, when her little iisper Gives forth such sounds as others think not plain, Fails not to understand eace faltering whisper, E'en:so-love works such magic 'tween us twain- My darling's eyes to me her thoughts explain. cENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-Oh, such a horrid noise I Alas I 'tis hard to bear, · But "Boys they will be boys I' What do the rascals care Though I am sitting here Striving to write a con. P I'll get no first, I fear,.- Nor word to build upon.
Of screams, oh;,such a burst I cannot write at all; I must, I must have first! Oh, dear, another bawl ! "Come here, you:little Fritz ; Bring your picture-book and read." S"My picture-.book's in bits: I all the pictures 'see'd." I am indeed ,erplexed . How to keep the children quiet.: "Now herei Fritz, is six-next, Surely this will stop the riot. SNow run to Mr. Lumber, At the corner of the street, And buy. c FoUllcs current nmmber l Sard that wlR be a treat. ! . P.$ 14·Bri 1dti %
BETAGRAM. ý (Change the second letter of a word to form another woar~ 13.-With admiration new.first For the riddlers' pleasing strain, A maiden sat till a lightning thought Bade her write something again. W rite ! write write In joyousness, misery, and then Just eid the lines in a pleasanter lights Come, sing the Song of the Pen. Writel writel writel When the daily routine is o'er, And write ! write! write I Till you can improve it no more. It's " Oh, to be a Gow !1" But I'm only a lesser light; And ne'er have [ felt it so much as now, When vainly trying to write. Write I write I write I Write something neat and trim. Write ! write ! write l Till the fire and candle grow dim I Ink, and p iper, and pen, Pen, and paper, and ink. Till over the blotter I scrawl and scrawl, Then silently sit and think. Oh, ye who possess the gift Of a voice as clear as a bell, 'Tis not alone praises ye're calling forth, But envious feelings as well. Write i write I write ! Till cool brows shall next again, Seeing at once you have all you need, Paper, as well as a pen. But why do I waste my breath P I'll keep down the sigh and groan, No verses write, but a poem read, So very unhlike my own- So very unlike my own, Because it's a " Shakespeare," you see. Oh, dear I that ofhers should have such brains, And only my brains for me I EDITH K. RFNDLN. MONOPHONE. (Words of d4fferent meaning, but the same In sound,) 14.-Clad in garments pearly white, Tower the barren forest trees;, Launa sheds her pallid light O'er the earth. A piercing breeze Courses wildly through the air, Bearing with it flakes of snow; Wan with cold and grim de pair, Naught that's glad does Nature show. Presto I heigh I the first is changed, cle and snow away have flown' Summer beauties now are ranged Where old Winter's wrath was shown Flowers are nodding in a breeze Laden now with healthful glow; Leaflets crown the grand old trees, Joy is next in place of woe. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 15.-Knights, prepare your "Tourney" axes, Gird your witty armour on; Speed to fame with mental charger, Quickly slay this rampant con. Primal in each modern battle Holds a very " cutting" part ; Surer than the Normanu's rrow, Keener than the Indian's dart. My second does but span a breath- On this page its friends abide; Breathe on them-they' l1 quickly speed In oblivion's haunts to hide. Where the North Sea's sullen billows Roll upon fair Scotia's shore, There, from lands of Caithness, rises Last, defying Neptune's roar. AGONISTES. 18.-'Mong the bards of our "Tourney," Miss Taylor conies first, Then D. Gow, Agonistes, and Barnett de Bear. F. Wallis, M. Raw, are not surely the worst ? While with T. W. Kitchnor few can compare. There's F. G. Webb (Southwark), Archer B. (Kentish Town), With Pickering, Hayes, aud the famed Lachrymose; Annie, Kdte, and their brother, T. R., Joey Brown, Misses Amy and Evelyn every one knows. Mei. Maurice F. Geran a primal oft sends, Then there's Nixon, T. Royston, E. Holland, Sam Wood, G. A. Jones, Imprimatur; but here my con, ends. If I merit a place in the next, it is good. DEMANCHES. 17.-I guide the mariner o'er rock and shoal, And the safest way to his distant goal From me is reckonezl. In the olden time, 'neath the oak tree's shade, Or bounding swiftly through the forest glade, Was seen my second. In cricket, see Tom neatly wield the bat; Off this ball scores a three, a four off that, With dex'trous third. But now, I think, it's time that I should end i I know ere now that each dear riddling friend Has solved each word. T-E UNsxowN. CH0ARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wprd.) 18.-A word for " steal " now please put down, For next a preposition; Now join the two, you'll have in view A bird by coalition. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. 19.-My fers's a pronoun, you'll agree; In nert a kind of earth behold; In whole a number you will see, And now the answer please unfold. IMParxarrv