RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META-O'MEGRAMS.
- 0thie first andlast letters of a word to form another word.) 1,-Give me my harp, and I my voice will raise l.v In one glad song of praise, For one whose reputation Has spread from port to port. The laurel crown rests lightly on the brow Of Mr. David Gow. All hail, with admiration, The poet of the Court I Give me my harp, for I would sing again A glorious refrain For one young, gallant singer, Whose voice is rich and free; Whose well-known name is seen among the few, The tried ones and the true, Who round the " Tourney" linger- Our Philo of Dundee I Give me my harp, for I would whisper low Of one whose name we know Ranks high within the " Tourney;" A gallant knight and good, Whose golden last and sweet poetic power Have brightened many an hoar For me, on life's rough journey- Our true friend Mr. Wood. Give me my harp, for I would sing once more, And stirring strains outpour, For one whose notes enthralling Sweet love and peace impart. For many a year the firsot poetic fire Of MIr. Nixon's lyre, Like mystic voices calling, Has reached my inmost heart I Give me my harp, for I would sing aloud, Amid this loyal crowd, A song of firm defiance Throughout the pleasant land : Whate'er betide, you find as side by side, So we have cause for pride; For nexts of strict reliance Are those within our band I MAaRaos TAYLOR Birkenhead. 1-" Pray, what is love ?" I first a maiden ask, And turned around as though to ask of me. "Oh, maiden fair, what have I done to thee, Thatthou shouldst set me such a linal task?- To find substantial love behind his mask, That robe of flowing, honeyed words that he Has donned, while all within's hypocrisy- A venomed snake within a glittering casque. "'Pray, what is love?' Why should that query rise And haunt me like a spectre of the past ? I tell thee, maiden fair, that Love is dead. Your Fashion's killed him; nay, 'tis no surmise, Conventionality has won at last; Love is dethroned, and Self reigns in his stead." ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ --Sorry remnants of grandeur, they lie unresisting, Adorning the dustbin, the scavenger's prey, d that pair of old shoes are no pity enlisting, Although they are agbd, and mouldy, and grey. ery hard have they laboured in doing their duty, And still, though downtrodden, trudged doggedly on; ey have often reflected a fair, passing beauty, And shown off the follies of masher and don. hough as strangers are they to all pains and diseases, They have often been heeled after much wear and tear ; d, although they ne'er kissed, they've had one or two squeezes, And, polished were known as the " glistening pair." sikemankind through the world on two feet they have aondered, Have worn out their soles in the battle of life; bae been tight, though they never to drunkenness pandered, And often have punished a termagant wife. ey have oft gone to church, to cathedral, and chapel, For they, 'tis apparent, have soles they might lose; ad, though they knew nothing of Eve and the apple, They went, like most others, to shine in the pews. ough impertinent not, they have both suffered tanning, Andneither was perfect till blessed with a mate; his accomplished, they both, after much careful planning, West forth in the world to brave every fate. If society, now they are old and dependent, btruts by and remarks their unfortunate lot; nd, as charity seldom on wealth is attendant, The shoes are condemned to grace poverty's cot. PamLo, Glasgow. -ACROSTIC. werdor words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 4.--Hear him sing his songs of glory, Hear him sing of deeds all gory, Hear him tell the old, old story Of grim war's destructive time. Sings he with a, voice inspiring, Never falt'ring, never tiring, All our hearts with courage firing, Thus to write a pleasant rhyme. Gross Words. He omes again through misists of fog and gloom ; Toas primnal thus," she said, and left the room. he net peals forth its mournful note around, while night's black, sable garb hangs o'er the ground. Third" cries the boy, "I see a pleasing sight Snot that speck the vell.known harbour light " T. bhte no, my boy," the father slowly said; Tit a beacon on the rocks ahead." fthdarkness of the night is past, n aylight breaks athwart the sky at last, Sollast in the eastern hemisphere, Shrd a blackbird whistle loud and clear. J. G. NICHeoLLS, Milton. METAGRAM.S ne the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1 A clever deed of any kind In rst, I think, you'll surely find. In second, if you only please, You all can rest and take your ease. Onur good housewives should all be this, lan pretty, dainty miss. Fourtl is an article of food; Its taste, I''m shre, is very good. And would you bake my fourth? then tell Your cook toift the oven well. Ily sich will aid'her to this end, so pile it on the fire, my friend. . O F. BARKER. Wood Green. '-A Word ale lr ake of letters six, ' Sq adrped 'twill be; at yytY-kindf. ehange its head,
DUAGRAMS. Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 7.-Little Miss Spry was fair of face, Fair of face was she- Fair of face, with a winning grace, A comely sight to see; And 'twas said she came of a haughty race From somewhere over the sea. Though her father kept in the Market Place A shop for bacon and tea I Young Mr. Fly waslong of limb, Long of limb was he ; Tall and slim, with brains that were dim, And a quivery shake in his knee ; And he'd first his eye at little Miss Spry Whenever that maiden would chance to come by, And he'd ogle and blush, while she Would ogle at him, for his form was slim, And his chimney-pot hat was so smart and trim, As smart and trim as could be, Albeit,'twas faded around the rim, But he blacked that with ink, you see I But little Miss Spry would mope and cry, For the days seemed dreary and long; She'd sit and she'd sigh, and she'd wipe her eye, In a manner that really was wrong. And one dreary day, as she sat this way, A-sighing and blubbering-so the folks say- She lifted her eye, when whom should she spy ?- Why, nobody else but that young Mr. Fly, With his hand on his heart, and his legs wide apart, A.bowing and scraping to her, Mistress Spry I And he says, says he, " If you'd quite agree, I've come here to ask if my wife you'll be !" And he dropped on his knee, and he blinked his eye, And he gazed in a rapturous way at the sky; But as in a room his young lordship was kneeling, Instead of the sky, he stared up at the ceiling I Now, old Mr. Spry was short and fat, Short and fat was he; But his arm was long, and his arm was strong As ever an arm could be. And it happened when Fly, with his knee on the floor, In a passion of love had eommenced to implore, He opened the door, with a bounce and a roar, A mixture of noise 'tween a snort and a snore ; And he seized Mr. Fly in the wink of an eye, And he asked him the wherefore, the when, and the why; But he got no reply, for poor Mr. Fly Was too much astonished to utter a cry. So he shook him, and kicked him-well, never mind where, And he carried him bodily out by the hair, And he threw him head first from the top of the stair, And he fell, with a bump and a hearty good thump, On his last at the bottom; and not being plump, It hurt him so much, that I've heard the folks say He never has looked at a chair to this day I FooNooLICAN. 8.-I sat me in the well-known chair That stands back in the gloom, And then with a majestic air I gated around the room. One man-one very little man- Was all within that place; A fellow with a dirty smile Upon a dirty face. "Young man," said I, " why do you smile P- Why do you scratch your head, When all is lost through traitors' guile, And liberty is dead ?" And then I made that young man sad- I argued on Home Rule; I proved to him the world was mad, And Gladstone was a fool I I spoke as plainly as could be On things I never knew; t How Ireland primal d'er the sea For something else to do. I said the Premier was a pup- A wretch that made our woes, When suddenly that man got up And seized me by the nose. Ten seconds 'mid the flying hair We fought, we last, we rose; Ten seconds all alone in there For pulling of my nose. That's why I'm sitting here to-day With nose a reddish pink; While all the cruel people say I've brought it on by drink I H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 9.-The skies lowered darkly, the night-winds damp Swept o'er the moor by the Scottish camp; Far over the waste the fireflies danced, And the fitful starlight, startled, glanced On the sheen of spears that neared the post Ta'en yestereve by the sleeping host. Stealthily:onward the foemen crept, NTearer and nearer; the watchers slept, And the camp was almost gained, when Resounded loud through the silent glen, Waking the echoes of earth and sky, Erstwhile unchallenged, a piercing cry. Then rang the camp with the first alarms Of the trumpet-call, " To arms I To arms I" Up from the ground each sleeper sprang, 'While yet on the air those echoes rang, And steeds were mounted, and weapons grasped, Ere yet the horsemen the outposts passed. The foe were met and backward driven, With prestige lost and standards riven, On to their ships; while Scottish lore Tells all who ponder its pages o'er How chiefs and nobles in council brave Gathered to find who that warning gave. You know the watcher as well as I- 'Tis twined with a nation's history: The theme of many a minstrel strain; The badge of many a warlike train; The pride of our fields and mountamns grand, " The warrior emblem of last Scotland. IN-ES. 10.--In what "state " was Job at the end of his life ? A Sunday school teacher once asked; The reply that he got I guess made him wince- The brains of the scholars were tasked. At the foot of the class the first calmly stood, Till all except he had been passed, Then boldly he answered, " Why, ' dead,' of course, And was laid in his isaet at last." CoLoarA O'D. 11.-Oh, Martha, do run up to room No. 3, And in my first becond a final you'll see, And when you have got it, please bring it to me. - CA IRA, Edmonton. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of whieh'is treated separately.) - S ' ' 12.-One.third of pat, One-third of hat, And then one part of scribbler, - One-third of lot, - " One-third of cot, Will name a well-known riddler.. W. 'Lawas, Ironville. ( wordlch re,4lblckwardifsor forwards s atill the Iams) .. . 43.--If younwill a plart of the day briig to mind, Then reverge it, the sme nwill-be left bphind. -"-- W. A, I~resroa,.
TRIPTICH, (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 14.-While sitting in my lonely room, Upon a lovely summer's night, There came a soft and sweet perfume, Giving the senses glad delight, As from a fay's enchanted bower Where roses all the pathway strew, And waft a subtle, 'trancing power That spreads the inner being through. First Word. Against the law the people rise, And strive to overthrow its power; The air is filled with fearful cries, And broken is the midnight hour By sounds of fierce disorder rife. Hatred and tumult have their sway, And fell rebellion's fatal strife Is marked with bloodstains all the way. Second Word. He shot the arrow sure and strong- It speeded swiftly to its aim, And now the straggling, eager throng Twith loud and mighty voice exclaim. But, ah, their furious joy was brief; Though to its mark the missile flew, Yet there unwounded stood the chief, Saved by his primal good and true. Ivanorr, Belfast. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 15.-Who on the cab-stand waits about, And " hansom " in your ear will shout P Who lives on bread and oheese and stout ? The cabby. Who has a highly-coloured nose, As through the wind and first he goes, And when he gets a tip, he crows ? The cabby. Who adds a " tanner" to the fare, And if he gets it not, he'll swear, And stamp, and next. and tear his hair ? The cabby. Whose faith and patience never flag ? Who feeds his slim, devoted nag, On something hidden in a bag P The cabby. Whose dirty pipe is always lit, And for whole hours will calmly sit Counting the moments as they flit P? The cabby. Who hails you with a lusty shout, And thinks that you have come, no doubt, Expressly to be driven out ? The cabby. SIa JOHN CHEULET AND H. A. TAYLOR, LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dale. tion, and transposition. but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 16.-Ye knights o' the "Tourney" sae faithfu' an' true, I'm vexbd because I maun trouble ye noo; But if ye'll forgie me and listen awhile, I'll gie ye a touch o' my elegant style. An', first, yeo'll consider a part o' us a', The rich an' the poor, an' the great an' the sma' A part, ye maun know, that is aften abused, Although it deserves tae be tenderly used. Delete noo its centre, and surely ye'll see Anither wee bit o' yersel' it will be, Whilk renders ye' a', i can honestly state, A gie wheen o' services, early an' late. Transpose, if ye please, an' ye canna deny That next, if it's properly seasoned an' dry, Is vera guid fuel, as a' maun admit Wha've heated themsels at a fire o' it. Noo gently behead it wi'out osy fear, An' ha' nae misgivings 'bout what will appear For a' that ye'll tee, I can fearlessly say, Is practised by ilk o' ye a' ivery day. Transpose ance again, an' a beverage sweet In tas. I'll engage ye maun certainly meet; An' noo, as I ha' na' a word mair tae write, I'll finish my riddle by saying good night. PUCK, Ballymena. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two letters from a word, leaving another word exoressed in the narrative.) 17.-'Twas night. He stood at his casement wide, A poet of excellenicy; And such was the surge of his mental tide, It lifted him up sky high. He sang of the grave, and canker and care, And of ills that our flesh infest; And I hope with my poet's verses rare Very shortly our Ed. will be blest. He sang with a stride, he sang with a glare, He sang till his hair upecrept, And the antimacassars all did stare, And the very chair-backs wept. " I die." said he, "of.a poet's cares ! I die "- with sepulchral shout- And then that Jack came clattering upstairs: "You Sam, the pease pudding's sold out !" MARIE ZIMsaI'xANN. CHARADE. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which i, a word.) 18.-My first on the neck of a young lady fair You'll doubtless observe, if one she should wear; And if, as she passes, you rudely will stare, My first you'll soon see. My next is in papers and magazines where For a puzzlers' column a space is to spare; In word squares, enigmas, last metagrams, there My second will be. A schoolmaster often is called an old bear Because he is third; but the pupils don't care For his cane when at last they can joyfully tear From lessons to play. If I on my travels met whole, I declare 'Twould frighten me so, that my lovely red hair Would rise like a spring, then off through the ai I'd be jerked miles away. Jo-Kzse, Lambeth. N~ARRATIVE META.-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, S expressed in the narrative.) 19.--Come, let us roam through the woods so gay With foliage new of freshest green, And take delight in this glorious day, Forgetting the winter we have seen. We care not now for Jack Frost sere, With his biting tongue, so sharp, though dumb, Our only thought is-the summer is near: Shoot hurrah, boys, the summer has come. The woods with our loud shout re-echoes, The sun on the foliage-glitters; Tbe sng-bird's ,melody sweetly flows, And their young, join in with gay twitters. Now once again we raise our voioes: The-winter's gone-no more we've faces glum; ,Tihe genial ir our-heart rejides;, '" Hipi tr'6y l'thI sumfrner h~as oonie" " " ' S. MILLS, Birmingbam.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The fiunal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) .Foundation lo'erds. 20.-Read my initials-the name you will see Of an actor, well-known at the top of the tree; Then glance at my finals, and they'll form, I ween, The name of the theatre where he's to be seen. Cross Words. Oh, doctor II am very first; I feel my head is like to burst. Next and willing I'll always be To do whate'er my love bids me. Third is a screw, or a fault at best; Please take three-fourths, and leave the rest. Old Father Christmas has gone, you know. Dressed in fourths, and frost, and snow. Two-thirds of a fruit my next will be- A fruit in a shell; now tell it to me. A jewel or a precious stone; Either of these names I own. LIrrLE Bo.PxxP. ENIGMAS. 21.-I'm a servant-a much-valued servant-of man, The truth of which statement's admitted; I number but one of a numerous clan Whose lot is not envied, nor pitied. I'm found on many a boot and shoe, On clothing second-hand and new; I'm used for collars and for cuffs, On ulsters, dresses, silks, and stuffs. E'en now, my dear brethren, upon your broad chest Myself recognize with true pleasure; So firm are we held in our places and pressed, We seldom have moments of leisure. To venture, sirs, I think I may That man's support I am to say ; Men oft abuse, but never scout me- For why P They cannot do without me: If you would know this riddle's answer, Just swing your orb, and give a glance, sir, Below, where our escort and gaoler Await- J. LEIGH AND V. D. TAYLOR. 22.-A demon of the deepest dye, I oft prompt evil doings, And sometimes, demon-like, I try To spoil men's happy wooiugs. I go about with mystic tread, And enter into your heart; I see what's done, I hear what's said, And rend happiness apart. 'Tis I who prompt the schoolboy, when He injures some harmless child, Or takes some small boy's top, and then I go on my journey wild. Although the people of this world Have never seen me, truly, Yet on the tide of life I'm whirled, - And shall be with you duly. I know that I shall live as long As people on this world exist; But when they cease, I'm named among The dead, the missing, and the missed. H. MILLs, Birmingham. 23,-Grows in China And in Japan ; Picked by woman And by man. Packed in chests, Sent far away; Reach London town After many a day. Sent to market Here in town; Rides by rail Up and down; Bought by the grocer So much a pound; Warranted good, and Nice it is found. H. CAnTER. 24.-This, I'm told, is but a bubble, Filled they say it is with trouble- Do we doubt it ? It is said to be "a vapour," Vanishing like " dying taper;" We without it Cannot well imagined be- May it last long time with thee. MADEIRA. 25.-I am soft, and I'm hard, I am large, and I'm small; I'm in every way round, And known to you all. G. BUCHANAx. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 26.-A notion strange you've taken- In fact, you're quite mistaken, Miss Royston, if in earnest you can be; For no nom de plume I own Since in print I first was known, But true and plain "Diana R. O'D." I'm a native of the isle Where the shamrocks sweetly smile- Cork County is "the place of my location;" And of Juan C. O'D. I know nothing, you may see, But his very curious piscine appellation. Now this fact lies full in sight- Judgments rash are seldom right. (There was a rod turned serpent at a word; But not the strongest wish Will change one to a fish, Or if it will, of such I've never heard.) DIANA R. O'D., Cork.