IJDD E TOURNAMENT. TRECE-OMEGRAM. phgethe last letter but one of a word to form another word. ChA ý,o avanine shades are stealing,
"'L--Sbftly evening shades are stealing, 'Like a primal curtain falling, And Ihe sun. in all its gladness : Lights the earth with parting glow. MLemu'ry bells are'sweetly pealing,' - Visions of the past recalling, - And.wemuse.withuu'nbld sadness - O'er the,days of long ago. Fancy leads tis; and we wander ' Through a stretch of years unnumbered, Bach-ezpressing, her opinion. , f.the !songs .wajused to know; Aud regretfully we ponder O'er a bard who long has slumbered- One who ruled with sweet dominion - In the days of long.ago. On the happy picture'gazing,. We behold the knights and maidens, Each a trusty second bearing Oil the tented plain below. 'Mid the joyohs throng upraising Song and glee in tuneful cadence, One we seek, with hearts despairing, Whom we knew long, long ago. How the mem'ries float before us I Rosy dreams and visions golden I For those bygone themes we treasure With enthusiastic glow. Oh, that she wduld join the chorus- Be " Queen Nellie" as of olden I Then our hearts would bound with pleasure As in days of long ago. MIanroN An Aksyr. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (Thenal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 2.-To sparkling sea, or golden sands, To breezy moors, or meadow lands, Gay bands of pleasure-seekers go To taste the fleeting joys they know Primals and finals can bestow. To sail or swim, to lounge or ride, To ramble on the mountain side, To watch the.sunset's glowing red, Take tea at one.and-six per head, Pay four pounds ten per week for board, With other joys these haunts afford. Cross Words. We tried to write a con., but- dQonot weep- It acted like a first; we fell asleep. A gentle voice, much like a second, said, "Awake, ye bards, and toddle off to bed." And we awoke, and bade our fancies third, Then went to bed without another word. The morningbroke, the clouds looked fourth and low When we arose and sai we out would go. It was our fifth to ramble through the park; Baut soon the sky grew, overcast and dark. And then it rained, and hope gave way to next; And how to pass the time we were perplexed. But something last gave Gow a bright idea : " Let's write a con. I" We did. You have it here. W. D. PICKERING AND D. Gow. Foundation Words. 3.-When dark finals o'er us closes, And:each little bird reposes In its nett, . Come my primals o'er us stealing, To the tired and worn revealing Peaceful rest. Cross Words. Through the fretful April showers, Shedding o'er the'trees and flowers Glorious light; Shining clear with strong persistence, We can see it in the distance, Warm and bright. Trusting 'twill not cause distortion, Of your face please tihke a portion And curtail. Thus, dear reader, by so doing, .You my second will be viewing, Without fail. When the golden' sun is sinking, And the tiny stars are blinking, Third you'll see. Fifth, without.exaggeration, Is a solemn declaration, You'll agree. Fourth Pve said; my con. is finished, Ink and paper I've diminished With a sigh. While you're thoughtfully debating, I am anxiously awaiting Your reply. F. TAYLon, Birkenhead. COl VT AL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.) ,-The emigrant wagghns shone out in the light. Offthe bright gleaming stars' pale, silvery white. .,e pine branch camp fire as smouldering and low, .wearied th e'entinel p4 aced to and fro, hen hark I 'boee the sigh:of the wind 'mid the trees, Sstrangel weird sound tgavelled down on the breeze, .w fainter, now louder t trilled on the ear; Theromanhesan wur'@hoop the red fiends were near. The eyes'mid the bushes shone fiercely andbrieht, And shrilly their voices tow rang on the night. ,,rm arm I" criedtliesentinel. "Comrades prepare, he Red Wolf is roused' and has sprung from his-lair.' Down, down like a flood on the waggons they dished, sd throug the thin canuas their keen arrows crashed. em te, my bravecomrades; fighthard foryour lives. ember aorcbilre ,your sweethearts, your wives." a word answered baeck that grim little band, dt sturdily fought, knife or musket in hand; - Thelong the sun proclaimed the new day, w lehite men sole vior's remained of the fray, To baffled beaten the red wolves withdrew, .t.tO their squaws of the deeds they cous&-do. E. BLaIR, Liverpool. l5, i letter ofl afrcdi leaving aother wdrd, exProssed itheUarraativc. . ,epraa.e. d"usk asI strolled along ._The qnt'country lne. .'dtli ' i h ~s green and bushy, "And ta "beow~ers fair again; nd as :I began to meditate P h!. .thedays gone by, Srmoa tI thefleld upon the left .- I th r e, efollowed angry voices, Thut'_ d te flel4 I got, ,.- . "Therei :Wsll'ce for k moment, . Quickly .folied by--a shot I-"'-.. i.Thro the bSshy hedge I:scrambldd;, : WiTo be arn cothes and bleedingli; . awip: "1T. Eoxsrog Bimmnias~
" BET"AGRA;;.- (Change the second letter ofa word to form another word,) 6.--A destitute boy in the street, With visage as thin as a thistle, And minus a scrap on his feet, Stooq.piping a penny tin whistle. He played some most exquisite lays, Of martyr, and, priest with his missal, Of l~attles and scenes of old days-- All brilliantly drawn from his whistle. .1Re.broke into eloquent song Of ghosts formed of shadow and gristle; 'On mirder aind carnage dwelt long, Till words'seemedto first from his whistle. But some one concealed in a room Soon caused the musician's dismissal, By seizingthe foot of a broom , And aiming it next at the whistle. A destitute boy in the street, With visage as long as a thistle, And minus a scrap on his feet, Stood wailing the wreck of a whistle. F. G. WEBB, Southwark, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 7.-I sat me down some time ago A riddle to indite; Original I meant to be, Or nearly, if not quite. I chose my subject with great care, It was a monkey's tricks (Ennobling theme); but I assert My rhythm I could not fix. I tried iambic to no end, Trochaic would not do; And dactyls did not seem to serve-- It would have puzzled you. At last I said that I would try The anapmstic foot; And stiraightway took my pen and tried My thoughts in verse to put. Tetrameter I quickly chose As fitting for my verse, And wrote a stanza there and then- None ever wrote a worse. The wretched thing would not be scanned- I tried it every way; When all my list of words was used, My thoughts had gone to play. And was it not a pity, too P For 'tis a splendid con.; If I could only make it " go," 'Twould startle every one. The Ed. won't put it in in prose, Or I should be content; I would just like to see the man Who rhythm did first invent I And here it still unfinished lies Of words naught but a huddle (That last foot's bad). Who'll help me in This anapestic mdddle P J. A. BLOWERs. 8.-The evening fell quiet and calm o'er the bay, And I saw a fair ship on its untroubled breast; It seemed in the gloaming a spirit, that lay In some beautiful fabulous haven of rest. I hied inuthe morn, at first dawn of light, To the shore where I stood but a few hours ago; And the storm had arisen, the waves were all white, And the vessel was dashed on the blackrocks below. Then I thought ,like that vessel, humanity's bark May to-day life's great ocean drift peacefully o'er; While to.morrow the clouds may be lowering and dark, And the poor heart-be wrecked on eternity's shore. DEMANCHES. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Words. 9.--Deep within this numbered puzzle Have I laid two well-known names; Aupellations they oft witnessed leading in our "Tourney" games. Both have striven in " Olympic's" Literary pages, and There, as in our riddling " Tourney," Have they made a gallant stand. rhoss Words. 551 and sted Sweet (P) strains of music often flow From'these; bat, stay, perhapsyou know. 55 ,, rage Found upon old ocean's strand, But never golden like the sand. 55 ,, we eats With graceful swell they come and go Across the-sands when tides are low. 301 ,, enter That some people are this, you'll say, Is proved, why, almost ev'ry day. 101 ,, bs Vitality these never lack; Turn them away, they'll e'er come back. 500 ,, nabs Strong is the love for home we feel; Like chains of brass, like these of steel. 700 ,, ane In Hindostan my next you'll find ; 'Tis a noted plateau, so now mind. 55 ,, sego Youreyes myeighth have doubtless seen, Your hands in them no doubt have been. 501 ,, be tone A pleasantsight to see young folks To parents ninth, kind, full of jokes. 500 ,; owren You're last.ing now if I intend To really give this con. an end. Now, friends, upon this riddling. page I will Record my esteem of the totals' skill. AGONISTES. ROTATION. CHANGES. (Change the letters of.a word in succession to form other words.) 10.-To-night I do not first where we shall sleep, * Unless we can procure some lodgings cheap. At winter-time, when all is cold around, You'll often sed this lying bn the ground. I wbnt to see thi third with cousin Dick, And saw a monkey climbing up a stick. With my friend fourth, I once to Paris went, And many days together there we spent,. My last's a word which signifies deceit, And now this con. of mine I will complete. GOLDEN CLOUD,,irkenhead. 11.-A primal came of wind and blew his hat away; I held mine on in case it slouald take thet away. , " I'm very loth to leave, it is so jolly; But yet I second," then said piretty Dolly. - I cannot see 'at all' confound the next I It is enough to' ake'a person vexed.
.LuivU YuVYUltjfel UL UI. ** u y -.T5 'VjU 'Tis what you often have to season food. . I told you it-was last; but'if you doubt it, Just take it,, I.can manage well without it. SAior Kuiaar, Kenningfon. ' NSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-Sir Morris ind Sir Evelyn In deadly coibat neet.'- Their firsts gleambright. Oh, who wrill win P Let some good friend entreat - The.e `warridrs td cease their sfrife- Theiibi t lhit f orget. Now, as1ter bhstenitfor thy life I -hereo'seto sure them y; &. - . s Lorrx W .,Brighton.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 13,-Ooh, Norah, my darlin', now hard is our lot, For the landlord has turned us all out of the cot, Sure, to us in this world 'twas the happiest spot-- The wee cot near the stile. No wonder, my darlin', that I now lament We must go, for the landlord will never relent, Though I tould him I never first pay the rack-rent For the cot near the stile. Lovely cot I Sure,,whenever the sun's rays shone in On the dresser, well stocked with utensils of tin, Ev'rything looked as bright as a new-polished pin In the cot near the stile. No more round the fire av a night we will sit, Making time fly in manner quite pleasant-to wit: I smoked, and you, Norah, acushla, next knit, In the cot near the stile. Yes, Norah, my darlin', now hard is our lot, For the landlord has turned us all out of the cot; Sure, to us in this world 'twas the happiest spot- The wee cot by the stile. M. F. GE&AN, Fermoy. 14.-Proudly waves the starry banner From the peak of yonder mast; 'Neath its folds the battle rages, Gallant men are falling fast. Now, above the din of battle, Comes the cry " Prepare to board." With a cheer up leaps our captain, Grasping firm his trusty sword. Now the deadly fight is over, And the vict'ry we have won j In the first a globe of crimson Sinks to next the angry sun. O'er the troubled waste of waters Broods the silence of the night, While, from skies of deepest azure, Luna sheds her peaceful light. E. A. CRoMAn. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 15.-Haidee first last happy and gay As the lark when he mounts to the sky, When my unwary heart fell a prey To the love-waking glance of her eye. New joy to existence she lent, As I basked in the beam of her smile; And our lives with each other seemed blent, Though I told not my passion the while. A stranger came over the sea- In his voice was a soft, winning tone; And he stole the sweet heart of Haidee, So she left me to wander alone. I think of the joys that are o'er, And in dreams her fair form I oft see; But awake I shall ne'er behold ,tore The sweet face of my once-loved Haidee. S. WooD. 16.-Hark to the sound of the village bell As it rises first and low, While the red sun sinking in the west Bathes earth in its ruddy glow. The streamlet murmurs peacefully by, Making music as it flows, And the sense of stillness reigning round Binds the soul in sweet repose. The years have fled, yet I last recall That scene with its charm and grace, And I long once more for England's shore, And to see my native place; But I ne'er shall view those scenes again, So long remembered well, And only in dreamland will I hear The sound of the village bell. THE UNKNOWN. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 17.-When riddlers tire of writing verse, And from the " Tourney" stop away, The Editor, in language terse, Will thus address Young Folks so gay; " I no longer knights of old perceive ; To make a con. each knight afraid is; Displeasure from my hands receive, And share it with the ladies." Then to the " T." they quickly write; The hearts of friends first next do cheer, Who thought, perchance, all was not right With those whose names they held so dear. Here's health to those who pen us lays I With some verse-making a trade is. To Miss M. Taylor I tender praise ; Please share it with the ladies. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a word.) 18.-This little word may ask the fact Of a circumstance conveyed In words to one who saw it not, And by the news dismayed. M\ y next is by the ladies worn-- A trimming to their dress When ball or party they attend, Their graces to express. A wchole's what any person needs When sorely pressed with grief. Let us, then, haste to them so fraught, And try to give relief. T. NixoN, Dudley Colliery. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 19.-If you my first do in the dark I fear that you might fall; Behead, transpose, then you may find An animal, though small. Anmi SMITH, Gresley.