RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL CHANGE.
(Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-It is primal, and crumpled, and torn, And its pages are ragged and dusty; It is next to lie there all forlorn In an atmosphere darkened and musty. Yet to me 'tis peculiarly dear, Though there's two leaves gone out of the middle; And that old-time Young Folks I revere, For in it once appeared my first riddle. 'Tis-more than a year or two since, But I well recollect when 'twas printed. I felt quite as proud as a prince, And my cheeks were with joy brightly tinted. I have written some hundreds since then, And my Muse has grown like an old fiddle; But I've ne'er felt such rapture as when I beheld it in type-my first riddle. Perhaps it is weakness in me, But I own I'm a fanciful fellow, And it brings back old memories, you see, Of the time when my boyhood was mellow. It doesn't sound well for a rhyme, And no spark of romance round it hid '11 Be found, yet I think of the time When I penned that long-cherished first riddle. You with whom I have long been allied- One or two of the old band of singers- Will perchance understand why I've sighed, And why memory still fondly lingers O'er that tattered Young Folks of the past. And when my name from this page long hid '11 Be forgot, and I've written my last, Still I'll cherish that humble first riddle. F. R. COULSON. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 2.-We've had enough, old pen, awhile Of strife and tumult, fierce and fell. First, I will conjure up a smile, And you next dainty story tell. Not thus we fared amid the rout Defending Freedom's ravelin; We heard the haughty clarion-shout-- The battle-cry of Saladin. Nor yet where Templar pennons wave Against the host of drnkrenness; When you were brandished but to save, And cursed, in seeming, but to bless. Farewell! stern struggles for a time, By us no foemen shall be shent; But we will caracole in rhyme, 'Mid jovial Y. F. " Tournament." A friendly joust we'll try with some, Our pleasure all we battle for, Nor heed the roll of distant drum, The call to arms and sign of war. L. H. SP'AnRLN. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 3.-Dear Lucy,-Let me for once commence my letter so; Pardon the want of etiquette 'twill show, And think not harsh of her who fain would be Your faithful friend in all sincerity. Some time ago a letter I began To you, and thus the heading of it ran, " My dear Miss Mullen," which seemed far from nice, For to my ears it sounded too precise. And 'mongst our lacy riddlers I would say Let strict formality be put away, And let us be as sisters ought to be; But should we third this point both disagree, We'll change the subject, and another plea I'll make for thus addressing you so free. For months-nay, years, your name I've seen and known, Likewise the worthy cons. your pen has shown; But first I looked in vain, you silent were, And at the vacant place I'd sit and stare With mournful face, suggestive of despair, Until next morn I smiled sweet as of yore, For, joy I the truant had returned once more. And thus I ask you constant to remain; Oh, let me not appeal to you in vain I But 'midst our riddling bards for ever stand, And help to swell the number of our band. Of riddling kniehts 'tis true we have a host, Bat not so many ladies can we boast. There's famous Lottie W., and noted Nellie C.. There's Eveline and Clarice Gray, and clever Maggie D., Then charming Edith Kelly, and our faithful Amy B., And last, but far from least, comes Diana R. O'D. And joy would fill my anxious heart, indeed, If to my bold request you will accede; But should you be offended at the simple words I've said, Please write at once a private note to Church.street, Birkenhead. And now, as space is limited, with love my con. I'll end- Believe me always to remain your true and faithful friend, MAnzoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 4.-I know what the first of this trouble has been About "Puzzle files looking decidedly lean;" 'Twas because your old friend wasn't here 'Tis clear !- 'Twas because your old friend wasn't here. So in time, I imagine, I've come to your aid, And some beautiful poems-not puzzles-I've made, So of course you will raise up a cheer 'Tis clear -- Of course you will raise up a cheer. A serious last to my mind 'tis indeed, When I find that my puzzles don't yet take the lead, And I never shall do it, I fear 'Tis clear I- That I never shall uj it, I fear. T. CAIRPENTEB. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 5.-A kind of sheep for initials take; Also the stuff his wodl doth make. Cross Words. A magnificent tomb or monument; These are very much consumed in Lent; We've here a portion of the eye; The nightmare which on us does lie; A small recess made in a wall; From off this vehicle do not fall. G. K., Westminster. Foundation Word. 6.-A forest of renown Not far from London Town, And eastward of the City- A rural spot and pretty. Cross Words. My first he was the artist who made the Trojan horse f Next, a son of Tantalus, whose arm had skill and force; A part of Mount Etna, pray find it if you please, On which was burnt the body of mighty Heruonles; My fourth, a mountain also, in Phrygia, near Troy, Where Venus had the beauty prize from a shepherdboy; My fifth, an ancient deity and sister of Erebos- Tie most ancient deity, I mean, and daughter of Chaos; Sixth and last, three sisters take, great power they had, I'll own, For they could turn all those on whom they lookhd into stone. ELcnoas M. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 7.-A lovely vision charmed my sight, And touched my heart the while A beauteoeus primal, robed in white, Approached me with a smile. Ere long I quite exhausted grew, And while I took a rest, I watched a group of final who Were playing with great zest. S. W. HAve,. Worcester.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 8.-Wild and rapidly falls the snow. In a raging first for the ground below, Or a perch on a leafless hedge; It clings to the walls of the lonely keep, Explores the recess of its portal deep, And alights on the mouldering ledge. The night, involved in tenebrious shades, Permits no view of the haunted glades, Nor a glimpse of the tenantless keep,; But hark i twelve tolls from the distan" church Come soughing and sighing o'er pine and birch* And pierce the wilds of the woodland deep. See I the hall is full of electric rays That stream in a final (inverted) blaze, And fathom mysterious night. Hark I the scream of the tortured soul, The gibing laugh of the taunting whoLe, That follow the flash of the light. Through the yawning porch of the phantom door, With its warders stern as they stood before, Witness a spectral scene: Whirling away in erratic dance, Flying around in an elfish trance, A party in ghostly green I The chief, aloft on a daYs high, Rewards each fling with approving cry, And toasts the scurrying crowd; Rare music rings in a weird refrain, And slowly swells from a gentle strain To the roar of a thunder-cloud. The mirth is sustained till the hour is done, But the revelry droops as the moments lun, And ends in a gruesome dirge ; The figures dissolve into angles dark, The light expires in a glimmering spark, And the shadows of night converge. W. A. CooPER (NoE NAIME), 9.-Soon old King Winter will vanish, Soon comes the beautiful Spring, FPrst from the valleys to banish, Numberless blessings to bring. Soon will the lark in the morning Carol his song in the skies, And the gay day at its dawning Bids us awake and arise. Invisible spirits at night.time Will neat the fresh dew on the flowers, Making the morning a bright time, Glittering among the green bowers. Trees will be budding in gladness, Total be raising its head; Banish ye all thoughts of sadness, When the dark Winter is dead. Spring, with a smile we will meet thee, .Of thy gay glories we sing; With my glad song do I greet thee- Welcome, thou beautiful Spring. HORACE W., Brighton. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 10.-A puny man once walk'd the earth- But stop I that is not right, For I might just as well assert That black's the same as white. He was a punster, I should say, And, sirs, last puns were good; Please bear in mind I do not sing In praise of Thomas Hood. But, friends, there is another thing That I to you should state, He was a poet, and could write At an alarming rate. He once a poem wrote, which was Entitled " Tit for Tat; Or, Ode to my Left Tenant." 'Twas a splendid poem, that. The best poetic piece, though, that First punster ever penn'd, A sonnet was, "To my Coal'd Fire." But now my con. must end. For if much more I write, I'm sure My con. will be consigned To W. P. B.-in fact, Twill be " With thanks declined." Ancinu B. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word I the nar-ative.) 11.-I come not a' in armour dress'd, Wi' shield on arm and lance in rest, Wi' Pegasus for steed; In tartans I hae come to fight, Wi' target, dirk, and claymore bright, " Shank's horse" is a' I need. " I use similitudes," ye ken. Ye dinna comprehend ? Why, then, I'd better p'r'aps explain: My claymore's wit, with which I deal- (" We've heard that once before "). Aweel, Ye'll hear it once again. My targe is intellect, also; My dirk-aweel, I hardly know What name for that would do; But that's an extra weapon, so I'm well equipped to meet the foe, Who'll sden for mercy sue. D. Gow. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 12.-I moodily sat down and piped my eye, My heart first worried unto its foundation. " I cannot write a"- Here I heaved a sigh Of indignation. And then I rose and paced my attic drear, When I gave vent unto an exclamation, For o'er my brain had flashed, distinct and clear, An inspiration. Beside a roaring furnace, which was fed With cons. and riddles of the unsuccessful, I next, with gram and frowning face, our Ed.- 'Twas quite distressful. It was not with a mild and beaming eye, He laboured as beneath a great temptation To cast the con. before him- Why, tis my Decapitation I At this I scarcely could suppress a scream, As fearfully I watched his indecision; I felt as one beneath a dreadful dream, Some awful vision. But, ah I he put it back. Joy, joy for me ! My shouts triumphant through the air ascendes, Until--oh shall I tell the truth to thee?- My dream was ended. LOGOGRIPH. K word which may be treated as metagram desatlttlt|0e, del tton, and transposition, but leaves a porfeot word after eaO operation.) 13.-A kind of sword in whole you'll view; Behead, and then transpose, A brute that may be known to you It surely will disclose. Now, I would say transpose again, And if you do it right, A word that naked means, or plain, 'Twill surely bring to sight. hte J. FaRTKLIN, MancbSter.