LE DELETOURNAMENT. CENTRAL DELETION.
(Drletter from the centre of a word to norm nno.ner., A.r flower.starred river banks, one sunny morn, I' eyeet of vessels came a-sailing, Aerry ringiug hopeful wavelets borne, lightly p close pursuing breezes trailing Eac which prhoclaimed this river trip pen .a.th the standard of " Companionship." vorm corse was flled with life and song, The ro ous carols tunefully ascended, An -ofveticed zephyrs moved the ships along Toard the sunight goal to which they tended, wars ntestant sought and first her place, And ed onward in the merry race. Fah craft was bearing a distinctive name-- One" Kate," one "M arion." another "Jennie;" iyottie" and Amy " both in order came, And ,Edith" steering skilfully as any; hen lo! a certain trio sailed side by side, nd linked their hands across the dimpled tide. on one by one the others drew abreast, Ah bands were clasped, all voices mingled sweetly, dad happily the pleasant race progressed, Where love and contest harmonized completely, And not a shadow o'er the track was cast, For" Friendship" proudly floated from the mast. Beyond the harbour bar, with spreading sails, Impatient fur the contest stretched before them- Begardless of impending storms or gales, And basking in the sunlight falling o'er them- Cbristella," "Ada," "Maude," and " Geraldine," ad "Qaeeniie," Clara," " Nellie," too, were seen. Across the silvery waters, deep and wide, Aflood of golden splendour o'er them falling, They drifted calmly onward side by side, Encompassed with a mystic spell enthralling; Whileflal songs of gladness fed the air, And perfect, sweet contentment hovered there. And so, with quickened speed, and hope aflame, They sailed towards ambition's destination, Where far and wide the golden shores of Fame Were ranged beyond the highest expectation; And Boating 'neath the azure sky above, The pennons bore the glorious title "Love." AmY ANoD MARnION. BETAGRAM. Cange the second letter of a word to form another word.) i-There once lived a mortal, who long after marriage loegn to read love tales with infinite zest; fore, he had been somewhat prone to disparage Those stories which now seemed the choicest and best; Hescanaed five or six novelettes every morning Before he would breakfast; and ne'er went to bed 'l" Someone's" last novel on " loving," and " scoruing," And" kissing," and "making it up" had been road. Allength his brain turned; and the poor fellow thought to sint be a great prince, or a count in disguise; "'y age is but twenty," he said-it was forty- And next of his other expressions were-lies- Yes, lies! hough I hate such a word to be spoken Of any one, be the poor wretch whom he may; Bat when a man says he is rich, and as token Pulls out foarpence-halfpenny, what can you say p He styled himself " Count de Alonzo Excreseuce "; His "missas" was "Lady Alberta de Plaite"; bought her most beautiful dresses as presents, "To fit her," he said, " for her lofty estate;" thile she-smple soul-took the gifts like a Briton, And backed up her spouse in his marvellous craze With this silent prayer (which I think was a fit 'uu), "Oh! may he keep mad till the end of his days I" F. G. WEBB, Southwark. DECAPITATION. lDroi the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 3,-He asked me to sing at a concert, An amateur sort of affair And I, quite elated, had told him I should without failure be there. 'Twas said I was not a great singer By some whom I now rank among ly foes, but resolved to surprise tuem, I practised a favourite song- " Revenge!" The evening arrived. Nothing fearing, I to the vast audience bowed, Then sang, and my voice seemed to move them, For when I had finished, a crowd Were up on their feet in a moment- Their shouts the whole edifice shook, As rapidly making towards me, They on first sad vocalist took Revenge 1 As soon as I've fully recovered The shock of that terrible night, I've vowed to go round with a horsewhip, And for next great kindness, requite The fellow who caused me this trouble By mildly requesting if I Would sing--but ere long he shall suffer, For on him I've sworn to wreak my Revenge l A. AmnBERLEY, Manchester. ACROSTIC. (Wordor words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) S Foeundation Word. ,-when we to the country adjourn, 'Neath the sky and the summer sun glorious, And rest by the streamlet or burn, Having laughter and jokes so uproarious; On the seen award the table is laid With eatables and all the rest of it, Soft compliments duly are paid, While all strive to have quite the best of it; With joking and laughter, anud fun, The day goes delightly over us; And enjoyment is never half done When the shades of the coming night cover us. Cross Words. A creature of mischief is he, Who startles our nerves with his shrieking, And mimicking others in glee, All causes of wickedness seeking. Not often am I it, I know, For work must be done when it's wanted ; So swift springs of happiness flow Whenever a holiday's granted. Tie sweet to receive it, I'm sure, When bidding good night to your dear one; To quarrels 'tis often a coro When no other way will appear one. Some get it who do not deserve The high.sounding sweet appellation, or those who from right paths will swrve Reait nothing but dire arecr~ttion. This ra!0 as i one time a poweir," _B ti it it is fast di .uieafing; oloe r t rairio they soonti ntbib rfleet.ltoild horses oateeri:ng. 'Ti found in a river or marsh, Ibt not in-this country, thank goodnese; statement may sound somewlluat harsh, lPl f3 errWar I say it-not rudeness. Iv HminE, Belfast,
NARRATIVE PRECE.OMEGRASL. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word exprensed in the narrative.) 5.-John Thomson courted Mary Bell For eighteen months or more, And oft he whispered in her ear Of happiness in store. He bravely asked her if she'd wed- He did not need to press, And yet he pressed her to his heart Until she murmured " Yes." But soon, alas ! John's eyes had eyed Another charming belle, And to her wiles the wily John A willing victim fell. He cared no more for Mary dear, But Mary cared for him, And so he went again to court Before a jury grim. His Mary dear he thought too cheap, Although she'd priceless been, And, when he saw her in the court, She looked not like a queen. He made a breach in Mary's heart No maid could long endure, And so she asked a thousand pounds That cruel wound to cure. Two hundred letters were produced, The pompous judge to move ; And in those letters every word And letter spoke of love. The jury to retire agreed, And to agree retired ; And, with five hundred pounds, Miss Bell Got all that she desired. PHILO, Glasgow. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 6.-I love. Ah, me! what glorious depth of soul Those words bring forth to light I Across my heart tumultuous passions roll, I love-to fight ! I love; and first the thought my youthful heart, Enthralled by memories sweet, Goes pit-a-pat with many a fluttering start, I love-to eat ! I love; though why, alas ! I cannot toll, Think not I last to fuss; I know not why, but, oh, I know full well- I love-to cuss! I love; oh, pleasure of my wayward life Up on the attic floor, When far away from worldly scenes of strife, I love-to snore ! Once more I love, with passion pure and grand, Far greater than the lot; I love to have my dinner early, and- I love it hot ! H. A. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. DOUBLE OMEGRAbM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 7.--Invalided, first and weary, On my couch I silent lay, When your voices, riddlers cheery, Chased all saddened thought away. Friendly voices softly calling, How they made my heart rebound ! Ev'ry wakened sense enthralling With their rhythmic wooing sound. Now quite next again, I write you Heartfelt thanks for welcome free, For your wish that I'll "delight" you With my presence at your " T." Friends, although you may not hear me, I am always with you there; So content to have you near me I forgot to sing my share. RosA B. META-PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letter but one of a word, to form another word.) 8.-We keep within our memories green the absent silent writers, Whore dearest object seemed to be to gladden and de. light us; Be sure their thoughts are with us, with good wishes and regards To onward cheer to nobler heights the " Tournamental" bards. How well do we remember, as they bade doll care begone, The matchless cons. of F. G. Webb and R. L. Jefferson i We cannot write the paugs we feel, but yield them highest praise, And give our deepest homage unto their knightly lays. My namesake-hist! the bold Free Lance, good Picker. ing and Blair, Each calls for commendation, sirs, of gratitude a share; Whilst Archer B. and Pinder and poetic Mark L. Raw Deserve a loud ovation for their deeds in " Tourney " war. A tribute here in season we would pay in words of praise Unto each graceful " Tourney " maid of past and present days ; The truant ladies are a loss, though they may number few- How deep the absence we lament of Lottie W. I Miss Jennie Arthur's verse sublime, inspiring and con- soling, Oft soothed our hearts and minds aggrieved with ten. derest condolingr; Miss Edith Rendle's happy lays and Queenie's wit so sprightly Will not allow us to pass o'er their services too lightly. Miss Marion Taylor, as of first, electrifies completely, Whilst Amy Boehmer sings with grace, and, as of old, sings sweetly ; Miss Annie Royston and Miss Kate have oft our hearts elated-- Their racy humour and their wit is much appreciated. What ardour filled our ")knightly breasts!" How firm we grasped our lances As we perused each maiden's odes, their martial lays and fancies! There's many a worthy knight and maid whose names I leave unmentioned, But be assured our praise of them, if mute, is well-inten- tioned. We fondly next to see again the " old familiar faces," To tilt a lance with olden knights, and mark their courtly graces. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. META.OMEGRASE. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-The love.god met me on the hill, And gently threw a spell around And ere I reached the water.mill I felt he had me bound. I followed wheresoe'er he led, O'er mead and mount, through wet and dry, With amorous frenzy, fever-fed, And dnely-glowing eye. And all things had a fresher tint- A warmer, cheedr-insplring 'low; The sunbeams had a Ifrighter glint, The snow wleh 1sret snow. The dull firi't glooim of ea'th was gohe- Sharp eait had loSbbits iittsbsttb igj I seemed in l9vo with ar thl aldd ty, And every living tlhinu . ut--flov! I'm strugn hl,n with theatido,.. With lhmlf-dsznd brshi dud ehagtlnuth soul; For, dreaming by the water.sideo I'4 ta'en a sudden roll. Lat BEAnBDEl WOLFSyrurza.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the fires letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-A my Denny, have you quite forgotten all about the "T" ? B irrel's cons. are always welcome-him we always like to see; C ox, a hard.to-please young gallant, yet, withal, so brave and true; D ickson, do not yet desert us, we revere such knights as you. E die, when do you and Amy mean to favour us again P F ranklin, if you should forget us, you would cause us grief and pain; G ow, our noble gallant riddler, forward poems by the score; H. A. Taylor, you're a wonder, and I greet you just once more. I vanhoe, your muse is heavenly, sure it takes my breath away ; J ennie Arthur, we've not seen you in the " T." for many a day; K ohler, where have you departed? seldom do we see you now; L ilian Douglas, hasten where the laurel waits to deck your brow. M arion, your voice is perfect, and it costs me oft a tear; N icholls, of your great success I own I have not any fear. O h, Diana R. O'D, your cons. are winning, short, and sweet P hilo, I shall ne'er forget you since you first myself did greet; Q ueenie, you're a little darling, I shall love you to the last; R osa B., do not be numbered with the riddlers of the past. S amuel Wood, your cons. are lively; kindly send us plenty yet. T homes Royston, you're a "caution "-all your jokes I can't forget. U is such an awkward letter, so I choose the gay John CheUlet. V. D. Taylor, one can't help just loving you both fond and truly. Webb, you are a noble gallant, all the riddlers will agree; X celleut are your cons., so by next post forward fifty- three I Y, you will not be offended at the things I've written here; Z ouuds ! if that should be the case, I must retire, that's very clear. NELLIE W±AsoN, Cheshunt. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-Let me sing a song of my ladye-love. Of her dark-brown first and her ten-button glove; Of her winning smiles And her artless wiles, And the infinite scorn as she trod on my corn, And said, " You beast, why ever don't you move ?" I could sing until " the shades of night Were falling fast "-do I quote right ?- And "curfew tolls the knell of parting day," At least, so sings the ancient poet, Gray; And all in praise of that girl of mine, Whose turned-up nose and waist divine, And scornful sneer And face so dear Have quite entrapped that heart of mine. I could indite a line or two About her arms and fairy feet; But I'm afraid that would not do. What's this I see adown the street ? By Jove, it's that last girl of mine, With turned-up nose and form divine, Whom I have just described to you; This very day she'll surely rue. For her I do not care a rap, For there she walks with another chap ! R. W. AuoDiEWS, Hampstead. 12.-" Farewell, my love; but ere we part Give me your heart"- "Now, do release; Here, take this piece of apple tart," The maid replied, "and hold your peace." " Oh, do not treat my poor heart so, First at your feet as an oblation "- "Ah," the neat third, "all that I know Your poor heart beats-well, beats creation." " Oh, Maud, a slave to you I'll be. Can nothing move "- he thus began. A heavy boot (he could not see) Moved quickly-so did that young man. J. TYNAN, Glasgow. 13.--Workmen all must use my first, Though of kind the very worst. In olden times 'twas thought amiss, If in Courts you found not this. Your clothes are made of third, I ween; In other ways 'tis often seen. HIAWATHA. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word,I First. 14.-Waters plashing from a fountain In a lake on which the mountain Casts a shadow cool and dark, Refuge for the idler's bark; Limpid wavelets, green and gold, Dancing merrily and bold, Right up to the shingly strand, With scant force at thy command. On thy bosom, filled with grace, Wandering from place to place, See the first, and mark his mien- No courted beauty e'er was seen To be so very proud as first. Second. Seize the riddler's magic wand, Change the scene-behold I how grand Is the tumbling, seething ocean, Vast expanse of ceaseless motion. Spray in clouds of fleecy white, Phosphorescent, gleaming, light, Hurhling high above the waters Tresses as of Neptune's daughters ; Colours blending, blue and green, Mingling, changing with the scene. Hear the thunder's horrid rumbling, Like a distant voice of grumbling- Prepare, poor seaman, for the worst. Whole. Just a touch of nature lending Ere I reach the last-the ending. Fly with me, my riddler bold; But to lands of fabled gold I'll not take thee-don't be frightened That I of my wits am lightened. In a principality Find me a locality- Charming, happy little town, Fit my modest work to crown, Smiling on the Southern coast. Riddlers, I've no doubt that most Of you would de it if you drst. E. L, JAE32r'~shd, Loudon. 15.--Mty.jist, in Lombad's wealthy gtreet Follows many an honoured aname; My n~zt in sacred loue retreat Dwells all uiknown t;o fame; 1$y tst when inultky war-clouds lbwer IHds oft bon benatel inutho fray; MTy zw7ble in evening's social hour Matr whilb dull time away. W. CaNzuo, Belfast,
CONUNDRUM. 16.-'Tis August, and a red-hot day- The scene is Clacton pier; And 'mid the crush of loungers gay 'Tis difficult to steer. The staid mammas, the gushing girls, The boatmen's voices harsh, The masher, drawling as he curls His half-inch long moustache ; Poor hired papa, who tilts his hat To shield his eyes and nose, Can't understand why folks will chat When he so wants to doze. And all around look tired and hot- Especially so the band, Who play the " Beatrice Gavotte," Perspiring, on their stand. But, down below, the lauding stage Is shady, cool, and dry, And there, where oft the waters rage, Two lovers sit and sigh, Oblivious of all around, Of tide that rises fast, Of waves that 'gainst the timbers pound, And wide their spray-drops cast. Both Maud and Frank, with sudden fright, At last their danger see, And springing up, with faces white, Alarmed, they turn to flee. But see, a wave with white-topped crest Rolls in with sudden haste, And Maud, ere'she the stair has pressed, Is drenched from feet to waist. Their chagrin when they meet lMaud's coz. They try hard to dissemble- Cries Jack, " Say, Frank. what shell-fish does Your lady-love resemble ?" F. PARKER, Herne Hill. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17.-Beside a rippling stream we sat, Watching the bubbling water; I was a clerk, poor as a rat, And she my master's daughter. We strolled by nooks and corners dear, And sat in cloistered shadows; Her girlish laughter, loud and clear, Rang sweetly through the meadows. The sun shone brightly overhead As we roamed on together; She skipped, she ran with joyful tread Amongst the thick wild heather. The birds were warbling in the trees As if they knew no sorrow; We walked and talked, fanned by the breeze, Not thinking of the morrow. We passed a dell where pansies grew, And we were close ti.gether ; I loved her fondly, that she knew; I spoke-about the weather. She whispered if I'd be her own, That we should make a right pair; I woke, and found I was alone, And it was all a nightmare. GioG ASND MAGOG. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavion alottier word.) 18.-Curtail a'word that signifies a man of harmony, And then you'll find to scorch or burn my next will surely be; Repeat the process once again, and then you will recall Practically what prinaud does at concert or at ball. Ere I conclude my puzzle. I must ask you ev'ry one Never to do my fias, but its cursed bane to shun; 'Tis but a snare that leads us on from little faults to worse- Enfolds you in its embrace ere you can your ways reverse. Riddlers, have I tired you with my scrap of doggerel verse ? TERESA CAMIPTHORINE. 19.-Discover my first, looking haggard and pallid, Carried along with a sorrowful wail; Snatch forth your sword, and with stroke strong and valid, Cut off its tail. Now you perceive, with extreme consternation, The change you've effected in irinocent way; The next scene is teeming with great animation- Soldiers in martial array. T. CAaurTI:a, Clapton. ENIGMAS. 20.-Long and dead; Has black head; To paper takes. And often breaks. H. CARTER. 21.-Some one who to us gives ear, Some one by us all respected; One who can inspire with fear, One from whom much is expected. MADEIRA. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narratrve.) 22.-J udge my surprise, dear Paul, when I G ot Y. F. P., and read B eneath your name the words that our R espected Ed. bad said. O ur meeting at that noble place- O f small dimensions, true- M ay be termed dear to me, because F rom it our friendship grew. I n time to come, when we may meet E ach other-for we may- L et's hope that we shall merry be, D oing " the old sweet way." T. ROYSTON, Blackburn.