RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARU&TIVE TIlANPOSI1TION.
(The letters of a word are tranaps e I. tad forml anither word in the LLiLL L',Ltve.l 1.-I once had a dream, a remarkable dream : I fancied my riches were countless, unbounded; A queen people made me, As homage they paid me; B3y friends ever eager was thickly su.rounded ; T;i.' world, like a slave, threw itself at my set, An d minstrels and bards sang my praises aloud; L'r, deeming assuredly my triumph complete, Each passiugday found me more haughty, more proud. Again I'd a dream, a peculiar dream: All talented, I gained a rich reputation, That each simple action Was praiscd to distrrction, M.v fame thel chief topic in all conversation. I r:named with a marvellous gift I was blessed (?), No feat was aecomlnlished but what I could do ; 11":r, ah ! with tile thought of the power I possessed, Each day that passed on more bombastic I grew. Once more I'd a dream, 'twas another strange dream: 1 thought fate had given ane wonderful beauty; The loud admiration It won from each nation I seemed to regard as but trivial duty. I thought the world raved of my elegant grace, And vowed as society's star I should reign; l3ut, ah ! with the thought of the charms of my face, Lach passing day found me more shallow, more vain. I dreamed yet again; but this time in my dream All faithfully I walked the pathway of Duty; Small goodly seeds sowing, And kindly acts showing, I found were miore worthy than fame, wealth, or beauty. Urseltish and gentle to those all around, I gained many friends as the days glidehd by; Cu.uarred ,y the world's idle pleasures, I found No maid was more happy or joyful than I. MAAluON L. T'AYLOR, lirkeuhead. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word tu fo,un another word.) 2.-W earied of my life to some extent, D ay's bright suushine vanished from my face. A ided by the gloom of discontent, G rief made shadow flit in sunshine's place. C an, can it be that I shall never H ave my ardent longings quite fulfilled ? O h, others' lives seem day for ever, O Ih, night for soame by light of day is killed. O uly for a little thus 1 mused, L aying all dull care and grief aside, P ointing to myself, how I abused My other mercies, while tor more I cried, E 'en while this lesson I was learning, 1E 'en while tears were rolling o'er my face, R eturned, as with impatience burning, S miling sunushine, filled with cheering grace. H ow we murmur at one tiiny cloud, O r when Mis(s).F'ortune comes instead of Danme! N e'er thinking of the muercies we're allowed, ( r of the blue that's in the sky the same. It eceive we, almost with an eazer hiand, E ach trifling cross, with martyr-like intent. D) riving away our noble thonughts and grand, K illing Content to nourish 1).scoutent. N ow as the mead I trod thus thonuhtfully, I glanced at threat'ning clouds, that more and more G athered and brake. The rain fell heavily. If a ! soon the sun shone brighter than before, '1' he earth was blessed; "all Nature seemed to smile." S o with our lives: When troubles make us sigh, " iR st patiently," we'll say; " only a while T his darkness; then a brighter' tby-and-blye !'" EDITHiT K. RIIDLSE. 3.-Dear riddlers, before you most humbly I bow, With hope that compassion you all will allow To one who is striving a place to attain With you who have earned one again and again. Dear riddlers, I wished you a happy New Year; I greet you again, though the Midsummer's here. Let all of us hope that the season at hand Will bring peace and comfort to all in the land. But ere I depart, will you just kindly say What word in our language which means " haste away" Will, duly transposed, bring a fresh word to light, Which means just the contrary-stay or alight ? F. WT~B. D)ECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) .--Sweet dewy blossoms cluster, welcome flow'rs, O'er suuny slope or first green velvet dell. Where slender fern-fronds woo the gentle show'rs, Or bend to rougher breeze from moor and fell. Last echoes from the grove the thrushes' song, To low of gentle herds the brooklet purls, The rosy morns and purple eves grow long, Ere golden summer's splendour slow unfurls. Rosa B. 5.-I now will indite a short, simple rhyme, And will place it before you to read (I should ore now ; but I had no spare time). To please you, friends, I hope to succeed. First is a colour well known unto you; But if one letter you will erase (Now, mind the first letter), what you now view You will certainly have in its place. W. CAttrr:U, Birmingham. 6.-M-Iv first is practised every day, I hear it, so do you, I'm sure; My secondu people have to lpay. No matter wnethar rich or poor; My last, you did it long! ago, I'm sure you did, I ought to know. P. C., Wavertree. 7.--My home of old, I think of thee, when, in the days gone bv, I wandered up and down the hills and o'er the heath close hy. I seeni to feel the breezes blow and breathe the sharp, pure air, While gazing on the wild, fresh scenes of Nature,'always fair; The stream which rippled gaily by and murmured forth its song, As through the daisy-sprinkled field it made its way along. Shall I ne'er more the last heath roam, no more the streamlet see, Or climb again the hills I love ? Oh, say it shall not be. Methiuks I hear the wild hawk's cry, the bittern's wail- ing mtnau, When, with first Rover by my side, I wandered forth alone; The wild-goo.e flapped its snowy wings, as flew the swallow by; Such are the things I think of niow, as though they were but nigh. ADLEKL ERIInT. MONOPHONES. (Words of differeint meaning, but the same in sound.) 8.-A friend of mine Possessed a boat. A sailing-boat. I mean; Its s:ails were white, its seams all tight, The sides were tinted greeu. Last month o'er heaving primal he His seamanship did show. And soon "at sea" he t'rnu!y proved, Just when the breeze iwould blow.
So. rudderless. he next-way fell Into a puzzling third; And, while he drifted more to sea, His cries he s -on wade heard. A boatman-noble fellow he- Saved him, for tip of .C s. d. AOONISTES. 9.-A man arrived in haste: " Poor Brown is first." Andl swif'ly to myself and comrades beckoned. We followed him in awe, fearing the worst, And there d:scovered Urown his whiskers second. FOLKil:STON IAN.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is chlanged to form another 10.-Silver-lined may all thy tronb'es be ! Unto thee I first this joyous blessing, And Ihatt in the coming years you'll see, And last.ly own, when grief and trial cone No trouble is but has a silver liniung i sin No sorrow but there is a joy entwining. Silver-lined may all thy troubles be! Oh, is it not a grand and glorious lrst ? That some streaks of sunshine you may see When life is darkest, sorrow at its worst And find that every cloud is silver-lined And every sorrow with a joy entwined. MAGGIE Ui. Urauge00th. 11.-A quaint old Greek ruin! First hour I have in inspecting it. psse4 A once costly palace, its glory has fated away. Some noble fall many a drach.m:a once spent I;n ereflt it Next! could he now see it-a victim to timeauddeoay: CENTRAL CHIANGE. T. -a. (Change the central letter of a word to form another wor d) 12.-Hush ! Softly, softly let your footsteps fall This hallowed spot grim Death in silence keel~! itero our late comrade, well known to us all, Touched by the hand of Death, in silence sleels i Graham, I'll place upon first grave these flowers And last to think with tenderness of thee- Of those with whom thou spent the happy hours- Oh, would that now their pure love thou couldstsee! And yet perhaps 'twere best thou thus shouldst sleep For we eternal rest in death can see. ; So take first rest-a rest so pure, so deep ! Graham, farewell-a long farewell to thee! ARCHER B., Kentish Town, CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a worl. 13.-My first is a favourite meal in the City; My seconrd is used to thrash boys--what a pityl My whole at the feast of the Chinaman witty Is used with deft fingers, and thus ends my ditt1, E. W. EARILEs. 1i.-Stands the abbey mould'ring slowly through tht swift, revolving years, But its walls recall the glorious days of old, Scenes of sorrow, mirth, and gladness, scenes of ioy, an tales of tears, When imy ir-sts were living, righteous, free, and bold. lud the .eod quivers lightly, and the Ieeak-eved cattle drink When the glorious orb of day away lhas passed, ;:;'hole is joined to us in spirit, joined by Scott's trui heat ted link, As his home we all shall love while it shall last. 15.-My first is on the water found, For use of ships in harbour bound ; My second is an insect small, Which may a lesson teach to a.l; Cork is my whole, 'tis very plain. If this you solve not, try again. SMIITH ANeD ;trs. 1G.-Take the same little word for my fjlrt and imy thsil, In the middle place two letters more, t hich will give a short term that is freoluUntly heard, When children their mothers implore. In the year fifteen hundred and ninety and six, My whole from America came; A fruit whose rare juices all epicures mix With their viands, Now give ume the name. IvannsE, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, !ormu a word, or wordae Foundatioi Words. 17.--My primals and finals in lYosng Folks you'll End Within the last six years, I know; For those who have not had that pleasure, p:ense mind, Can read in back numbers, I trow. So quickly send for them, don't let time expire, With Post Office order to J. IH., Esquire. Cross Words. A liquid I am, both black and red, And with it my pen is daily fed. A species of boa, a very large snake; No cobra, nor adder, so please don't mistake. A savage people of Sarnatia; 'Tis north of Europe and of Asia. My fourth for joy is ofttimes shed; Also for those, alas I now lead. The Latin for " man," I pray you to write. Disraeli's last book. Now, Young Folks, good night. Ei.nos uli, METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another a ord.) 18.-With tear.stained eyes and weary tread, She gropes her path among the dead- The dead, that morn so full of life- Now victims to war's cruel strife. What seeks she in the dead of night ? Why does she try to hide from sight ? Bow wild she looks ! her sparkling eye Gleams like the shining stars on high. With eager glance she looks around, Then bends her body to the ground, And peers with horror at a place First lies a ghastly, upturned face. A cry, a frantic bound, she's there; The face, its rigid, glassy stare, So full of agony and pain, Sends pangs of grief through every vein, "Oh, darling, loved one, speak to me, Let me but know those eyes can se e! Speak, dearest, speak, if but one word !" The dead her voice no longer heard. "Then will I join thee, lover, den", Above, in heav'u's bright, hap;y sphere- Above, in that angelic place, Last shall we meet in fond embrace." Ilehold! she takes his scabbard grim. Plucks forth the sword and looks at, h.m. " I come to meet thee now," she cries. Then makes the thrust, falls back, and dili. E. L. ioit LasD. ENIGMAS. 19.-In rapid and in running brooks, In vain for meyou'll always seek ; 'liough in such par'ts I love to dwell, As river, ocean, sea, and lake; Un*o rebellion I'm a friend, Although an equal one to peace; And as in strife 1 always end. ii fame I hold an honoureo place; Where truth there is I'm necver co, But you will find me witIsl a lie; And if in grief I alway.s live, I'm never known to sot or si ha. W. No;.ca', I7sntel. 20,- I am rather round, and sometimes small, 1 riesemble much a globe or ball; I am rather sweet, and sometimes sour, And once I was a pretty Ilowecr; I have no fingers and no feet; I have a heart that does not beat; This heart within has many a spot, Where is the heart that h:as thenm Int:- . . . . - . . . . . . . ..