RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
(Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-Some years ago, my rambling took me down To Manchester, the cottn.-famous town, And having travelled nearly all the day Beneath a sun that scorched with ev'ry ray, I sought at once a hotel and a bed, Whereon to rest my weary limbs and head. Arrangements-like the bed-were made, and soon I reached my room and second it a boon. By idle curiosity impelled. I pulled a drawer open and beheld A faded yellow manuscript within, Whose leaves were first together by a pin. My interest at this was at its height; I took a chair and sat beside the light, And, opening the precious paper, read, " The Legend of the Danciug Master's Head :" "One stormy night, old Martin Brown (A worthy dancing-master he) Beside his roaring fire sat down To smoke a pipe or two, or three. The ruddy glow, the blazing coal, The cheering pipe, contrasted well With plashing rain and thunder roll, With gusts of wind which rose and fell; And Martinu's spirits rose so high That he coulu hardly choke a shout; And Martin winked each little eye The while the storm-fiends ranged without. But suddenly the smile of glee Gave way to looks of direst fright, And Martin's face was pale to see, And every hair stood bolt upright; For seven hideous little men Were ranged before him in a row, And seven horrible voices then Croaked ' He! bhe he !' and' Ho ho! hol ' And then each fiend drew out a knife, And flashed and waved it all about, And Martin trembled for his life "- The rest was all complet..ly blotted out, Except the two last words, which hbre no s'ain, And those two little words were " S ,ld ap.ii : !" BArNETT DL BE". 2.-Dear Marion,-You'vo set the first a-going, Where it will stop th,.re redily is no knowing. You second me, and I aplpear once more, Of my reception now entirely sure; And should I third, with you approving by, No fourth there'd he, for not a jot care I I-ow courtly fifth, sixth seventh, receive me, For you alone have power to grieve me. But here comes eighth, in music often quoted, And I will rollow its examp'e notod, And with a curtsiey to both ninth and small, I'll turn my foIe to tenth, on one and all. As an exception always proves the rule (At least, so I waits told when ut my school), My back, dear friend, will ne'er be turned on you, Thus proving, in this case, the axiom's true; And thouilh to others I may p'r'aps seeim sullen, To you I'm always-fricuuly Lucy Mlu;len. P.eined for Marion Taylor's sole perusal, S-o hope our Ed. will no' give a refuis il. LOcr MULLLIN, Peckham. CIHARADES. (Formed on a word e ich sy table of which is a word.) 3.-I feel I muist wr te, so aft ist I'll indite, And my subject, of course, I must mention: But short is my rauge, for a fact 'tis, though strange, I've an awfully dull comprehension. A southerly wind and a grey sky combhin'd Quite delighted the hearts of a party, Who, headed by R:ib, in his scarlet and drab, Were away on the lust, keen and hearty. With a loud "Tally ho !" and an " Onward we go I" Ev'ry obstacle v.,liantly daring, Each heart was elate, and old Rab's joy nas great, As he noticed M.ss May's gallant bearing. Sly Reynard, hard pressed, soon found out that the best Of his tactics were now unavailing, So as a last sift he plunged into a drift., His chance refuge no doubt gladly hailing. But now looking back for the rest of the pack, With a dreadful surpri.e, Rab saw lying The form of Miss May, whi e her steed far away Down the second was riderless flying. Old Rab, much distressed, in his mind knew no rest, For he inwaraly b.amed his own fully; But Mbiss May growing whol, soon relieved the good soul, And became as before bright and jolly. PnxLo. 4.-One cold winter's morning, in mischievous mood, Ftrst next a big snowball o'er Farmer Grim's third; With rage boiling over. he swiftly pursued, And did total me, though I most strongly demurred. J. A. MAtnaLL. 5.-My first is abroad, unsheltered, uncovered- Not pleasant this time of the year; My next to stifle I've often endeavoured, For anger's unpleasant to bear; My whole you will say is excessive abuse- I or such wanton mischief there is no excuse. ELBOt MIJ. CURTAILMENT. tDrop the final letter of a word.leaving another word.) 6.-Young Folks is interesting, eh? I've noticed that as well. 'Tis issued ev'ry Saturday I I've noticed that as well. No other paper, I am sure, Excels Young Folks, dear sirs, for pure And entertaining lit'rature. You've noticed that as well ? Our bards are clver (I suppose You've noticed that as well)- That is to say, both belles and beats. You've noticed that as well? Some verses will provoke a smile, I ween, last many faces, while Some tell of deeds that are but vile. You've noticed that as well? First poet wrote a short time back- You've noticed that as well ?- Of first who's left us. I, alack I Have noticed that as well. Another word: our bards, it seems, Have frightful-some delightful-dreams. The author of this poem deems You've noticed that as well. ARCHER B. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 7.-I was out on the ice for a jolly good skate, One second in winter, you know, And gracefully slid round the figure of eight, And did the Dutch roll at a wonderful rate, Till I fancied I flew lihke a crow. A sprinkling of suow lay all over the ground, And covered the ice like a pall, So that dangerous places were hard to be found, But, moreover, I hadn't much fear of being drowned, And the snow made it nicer to fall. Up and down, and around, like a racer at play, I went, in a terrific burst, Till, thunder I beneath me the ice broke away; And while lying in bed for the rest of the day, I had plenty of leisure to first. Slranocx, Armagh. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 8.-A river of Scotland if you behead, A kind of plant you'll have instead. Frrz, Dungarvan. 9.-My first, why, 'tis to be frightened; Now please cut off its head, And a part of your own body You're sure to find instead. A. IOMBraLE, Douglas.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION, (Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 10.-Oh, the sun was brightly beaming through the branches in the glade, And his amber light was streaming on a cavalier and maid; He with eyes and words love laden, as he fondly stroked her hair, And besought the radiant maiden to be true as she was fair; She, with loving glance and tender, as she brushed away a tear, And implored the Fates to send her back her own dear cavalier. Now her lips he softly presses, as he asks, with trembling breath, Though the answer well he guesses, "Thou'lt be true, dear, until death ?"' And the trees just caught the whisper that he heard with joyous thrill, Saw the golden ring wi h "Mizpah," heard the sweet voice, "Love, I willl" Then into the saddle lightly sprang the soldier with a smile, But the teardrops glistened brightly in her love-lit eyes the while, As the last red sunbeams flashing on his glittering sword and bright, Down the dusty highway dashing, soon he faded from her sight. Oh, the dawn was softly stealing over hill, and dale, and weald, And Aurora was revealing the grand, glorious battle. field, With the chargers proudly prancing, as they moved with graceful ease, Whilst their riders' plumes were dancing gaily in the morning breeze. Then the clarion loudly sounded, and with ringing battle. cry, On each horseman swi tly bounded, there to conquer or to die1 Oh, the moonlight soft was falling on the faces of the slain And lone hearts were sadly calling those who'd never wake again, As a ntidtes, wildly weepine, and with weary lookof soe, O'er the plain sough' one form sleeping who no more her voice would know- Who no more by love's fond token 'neath the trees for her won d wait. Al ! that plighted troth was broken by the iron hand of Fate; For bene eth his charger lying, where the ground with crimson tide Deep was stained, he lay, and dying, her name murmuned as he died. * S 5 e* 'Neath the trees in autumu golden, with sad eles aad clasled hands, As in those sweet days of olden, wistfully a maider stand ; She has wreathed her brow with flowers, she has twine 1 them in her hai r, And whrlst speed the weary hours sti:l she patiently waits there, And s'ie whispers, " It is lonely, darling. Come, for night draws l;h !" But the echoes answer only, and the trees give back Ler sigh. And each eve she weeps her sorrow in the twili;ht cold and grey, Saying, " He will come to-morrow 1" as she sadly turns away. 1'. ii. CUOtsus. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or 0 .r is.) Foundolion Words. 11.-Now, primals, come, lengthcn your finals, And do not forsake us just yet ; We want to see less of the autumn, And more of yourself than we get. Dame Nature is now in her glory, She's with us in you at her best; Behold 1 how the mountain and v.alley With beauty she sweetly hath dress'd I O primals and finals! it canseth Us often to pine and to fret, To think that at August you'll leave us- Ay, leave us, your end to regret. Cross Words. The spring hath flown, and summer's here, with all her beauteous throng. And skylarks high among the clouds sing straits of primal song. My next will name a lovely maid created by a poet; The poet Sponser "'twas, we think, but can't say that wte know it. A menial's designated thus, or let us say attendant, A kind of footboy, if you please, upon his wage dependent. A term of affirmation this, so Webster has defined it; If you can't work the answer out, 'tis not for us to mul it. WALLIS AND GInA..m, Clapham. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.l 12.-The archer first from off his couch, And examined well his bow; Then took three seconds from his pouch, And fired them at the foe. G. K., Westminster. 13.-We passed a large fishmonger's shop, When Arthur cried, " Here, Harry, stop And see the fish exposed to view; They're turbot, soles, and primal, too." I hope this con. a next will fill 'Midst others of more wit and skill; But if-sad thought I-it is dee'ined, I must to fate, sirs, be resigned. S. W. HAEs, Worcester. TRANSPOSITION. (T:-anspose the letters in a word to form another sworl. Il.-As Tom was walking home one night Along a lonely laue, A haunted mansion came in sight, And it began to rain. Tom never feared a first, of course, So straight to it he went (Firsts always were to me a source Of hearty merriment). He entered it at half.past ten, And, as the rain increased, He stayed two hours, still wond'ring when 'ITho tempest would have ceased. He found a door fixed to a ring, He pulled it open, and Out sprang of firsts the goblin king, A second in his hand. What happened then I cannot tell; And how Tom met his foe I did not ask, and, therefore-well, I really do not know. BAEE0K5S* CONUNDRUDM. 15.-Kind friends, if you'll give but a moment's refletion, We thinkle you'll be able to tell The reason a man dressing hams to perfection Would made a good doctor as wellP WaLLIS t0D PavrS05.