[rIPPLETOURNAMENT. TRIPTICH. and form a third word of the last syllable of the ' and he lrets syllable oif he second.) Triptich.
U tor's form is thin, and bent with age, _Thei scanty locks as white as e'er was snow; mis hollow eye and quavering tones presage Thai soon his soul will fly its heritage, Its worldly life of pain, and sin, and woe. Its he speaks, already on his sight Gleam forth the golden gates of Paradise; With fervent voice he bids his flock to fight ith, n'casai g fiht 'gainst Sin's untiring might, That they may see with him the Land of Light. First Word. The torrid sun beats fiercely o'er the land, The shadeless desert stretches far and wide, And o'er its ever-silent sea of sand An Arab horseman, chieftain of his band, Rides swiftly onward in his lonely pride. Careering on his heated, dusty way, He shortly meets a merchant's caravan, And tells them all the news he safely may; Ad parting, for each other's health they pray, The Arab riding on till close of day. Second Word. Most truly have we here a brilliant scene: His majesty is seated on his throne; Beside him is his fair and peerless queen: The eye is dazzled with the glittering sheen Of armour bright and flashing precious stone. The king arises from his honoured seat, And with his consort grandly leads the way Down to the banquet, where the courtiers eat, Make merry, and enjoy the royal treat 01 sparkling wine and luscious, wholesome meat. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. METAGRAMS. hesncs the first letter of a word to form another word.) b-When I was qnite a youngster, years ago, And up to every prank that e'er was known, lMy firt once said to me, " Now, look here, Joe, You're not a little boy now-you have grown; "So, therefore, some employment you must have. To second I will teach you, as I hear That by that trade some money you can save, And the Suest of apparel you can wear." That trade I didn't like at all, you see, I found it final difficult and hard, So gave it up-oh, please don't laugh at me- And now I'm doing well at makting lard! S. DE BEAR. We beg to introduce ourselves unto the "Tourney's" race, th doue respect we bend the knee unto each riddling sage, d many a friendly lance in this our "T." we hope to bear, Swords of greeting from its knights and first await to hear. niolm.de.plume are somewhat odd, but this we e'en will own, t "Schneider" and " Broad Arrow" by some other "t are known; clue to our identity can riddlers hope to find- challenge all to name our last until we're so inclined. w"Schneider's" schneider French nor Greek, of that there's not, a doubt Sfancy we can hear e'en now some riddler say " Get out!"); road Arrow" is too (h)arrow-ing-well, that's a broad joke too- least, so we conclude, and so we're confident will you. ethnk we'd best conclude, for though our zeal is good sun true, e may jeopardize our only chance, and that we'd fain not do; we'll leave you, simply hoping that your views will not be narrow, en you oriticise the maiden trial of SCINEIDER AND BROAD ARRnOW. CHARADES. (Pormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) First. Fit strikes a blow and makes a noise, many will ad- man:, a title new at times will be conferred by it aifriends may first you, just for fun, a very gallant knight, lagh to think, though not sincere, you think they are all right. t still' am a term or name that's used, I must con. fess, rib, comb down, or trim-ergo, I here must own, to chess haring thus ;ortrayed my /st, I further onward go, din another stanza will attempt my nea:t to show. Second. ask you now to take a tree, a pop'lar one, for second- rstrength and durability it always has been reckoned; grows upon the mountain's side, and other places, there in dear old England you may it often view. Sshould ever be destroyed by fire's devouring flame, e0se thing most peculiar is, it still remains the same; plural's seen 'most everywhere, allow me here to Sstate- t the tips of choice cigars and 'neath the kitchen Whole. that land o'er which Victoria as empress now doth reign, first and next together go, and to obeisance deign; nu should not the language know, you need not have r nch fear- q two combine, as you will find, to make the same ' qite clear. -ey will you what is meant by such outlandish tal oughly explain, perhaps, each sentence as you they their living gain thereby-a fact I'm bound to ename that's given to them is by my whole made known. BYJa iMaERr. 5.-Myfirst is made of clay- Ofttimes 'tis very rare; My second, let me say, A namnr you'd gladly wear. lMy whole's a flower bright That grows with fostering care; And 'tis a pretty sight In any garden fair. S. SuTrr, Fulham. REVERSION. (A Word Which read h:ackward forms another wrord.) 6.In every house my first is found; But if you'll kIindly turn me round, hy nes is, if you rightly guess, Fourth of an acre, I must confess. T. KILLAtNEY.
DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word)j 7.-It is a fact-a solemn fact- O reader good and true, This world will first on everything, No matter what you do- On every generous word or act; And so I say to you It is a fact-a solemn fact- O reader good and true. It is a truth-a living truth- O reader good and kind, That to its last extensive faults This lovely world is blind. 'Mongst noble lords and men uncouth This state of things you'll find; It is a truth-a living truth- O reader good and kind. But. oh, you'll find-you'll always find- 'Moug-t men b neath the sun, That though you do your level best You can't please every one. For in your acts some fault they'll find, No matter what is done; O reader kind, you'll always find You can't please every one 1 H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-I watched her as she stood before his form And gazed upon it, silent, awed, and dumb, With loose-clasped hands and attitude forlorn, All feelings, save delight and joy, quite numb. "Mark his fair brow," she mused. "How broad and smooth! How noble-looking, lofty, and how pure ! His golden hair-the fitting crown of youth; Each glistening tress doth my fond heart allure. "And see his hands I A famous sculptor's art Could not match those, so soft, so pearly white; Those piercing eyes, which luminously dart Forth shafts of living, lurid, tender light ! " His figure I Were the gods so greatly blessed With, oh, such matchless symmetry andl grace ? He is divine, proud, stately, self-possessed- You read it in the outline of his face! " Behold the haughty and majestic pose Of his whole form I1-the half-uplifted hand I How elegant his perfect-fitting clothes! How wondrous fascinating, and how grand! "A model of brave manhood, bold, yet fair!" (And then. upon my word, I felt quite " rummy," For all the time-this fact I must declare-- She had been talking to a tailor's dummy !) NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavine another word.) 9.-Tomkins and Jenkins knew one another Almost as though they were brother and brother; Where Tomkins was, Jenkins was-always together, Like Siamese twins, bound by some mystic tether. For years had this state of affairs been existing, Until cruel Fate gave their friendship a twisting; Now, how this occurred is a tale that's not long, sirs, And if you'll but listen we'll sing you that song, sirs. Now, Tomkins had met with a beautiful maiden, With charms, ah, so sweet-with grace she was laden; And Jenkins, alas I fell a victim to beauty, And paid her attentions as though 'twere his duty. But when the enamoured young men had discovered That each round the heart of the same maiden hovered, A quarrel occurred, and that obstinate mule Of a Tomkins proposed they should meet in a duel. 'Twas arranged they should meet in the dawn of the morn- ing; Both blind to all danger and deaf to all warning, They met in a field, and prepared to decide By mortal combat who'd last her as his bride. When they pointed their pistols they heard a loud shout, And the maiden's pepa put their quarrel to rout: " Why, my daunhter is married to-day to the squire!" Said this beaming papa in a tone fulo of ire. Now Tomkius ano. Jenkins are friendly as ever, And have vowed that no woman will first their love sever. R. W. ANDREowS AND E. N. HARRIs. 10.-Oh, Marion, you're very hard- In fact, I may say too commanding- To e'er expect this ancient bard To lose the name of so long standing. Oh, queen, I feel my chest expanding With indignation at your flat; Let there be no misunderstanding, No matter how your words I sigh at. Ask me to do aught else, dear miss, But ask, oh, ask not this ! Oh, Marion, my ltom de plume Has long from ages far descended, And vahant knights would oft assume The name which you have now offended. Right well have they that name defended, From Norman William's worthy primal; And now, e'er its career is ended, Oh, Marion, shall it rouse your final? Ask me to do aught else, dear maid, But ask me not my name to shade. Oh, Marion, your little heart Can understand my indignation, Should any one ask you to part With any near and dear relation; So pray accept this explanation, And know the honoured name I bear I'll ne'er submit to degradation, Nor e'er exchange for one more fair. Ask me to do aught else, dear miss, But ask, oh, ask not this 1 ROBERT LE DIABLE. 11.-I wander down the dusty lane Between the golden harvest-fields; The smiling sun shines forth again, And second genial it yields. The first on either hand I see; It seems to wait the husbandman, And nods in smiling grace to me, Who deigns it but a passing scan. The country fair behind is left- The waving trees, the coloured hills; I seem like one of sense bereft Now I am back to city bills. And yet the memory sweetly clings Around my heart 'mid business care; Yet I must last, and working brings The appetite to take my share. R. L. JEFFEESON, London. 12.--0f those that sail within the "T.," Full many are the sailors, But verses writ within please me Not half as much as Tay]or's. Of those that rhyme within the "T.," I first there are some nailers, But though they're good, don't seem to be One-half as good as Taylor's. Oh, H. A. Taylor, lest thy name, Though hard to rhyme upon, Hangs on my wall, where many a dame Hath spectacled thy con. W. LUCCsIUS. 13.-A rather sly animal bring to mind; Behead, then another surely you'll find. H. CARTER.
MONOPHONE. (Words of diferent meaning, butthe same in sound.) 14.-'Twas twelve, and darkness reigned around When these first thoughts came over me- "I think my watch has not been wound, And I believe I've lost the key I" I sat in meditation deep, When o'er me like a flash it broke- "'Tis almost time I was asleep, And I've not had my midnight smoke I "I'll put my fire out and go; But ere I close this homely song, I wonder how those cats, you know, Can thus the midnight wail prolong." I hope you'll not be hard upon A last, when tumbling into bed; Though you've not got a splendid con., You've got some thoughts of mine instead. PATRICK S., Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMIS. (Ohange the first two letters of a w ird to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 15.-Mine ideal maiden is not she, the slave of folly's fashions, Whose love is but a lifeless power, save when surcharged with passions- A love that any mule may share whom she may bend her neck at, "Who wears her heart upon her sleeve for daws "-Jack-. daws-to peck at! My fancy's offspring is not she. Mine ideal maiden is not she, the fat, fair, toiling " slavey," Although I love the things she cooks-devotedly the gravy; Her mind is far too much engrossed in " chappies "-i. e., asses. E'en if she be the sweetest sweet and happiest of lasses, My faney's offspring is not she. Mine ideal maiden is not she who grumbles and dis- pleases, Who is not quite impartial to the swain's fond, stolen squeezes; Whose lips the "humid smack" resent (as we'd refuse a favour), Who's sensible of the sweet face that bounteous Nature gave her- My fancy's offspring is not she. Ah, no I mine ideal maid is she, a blessing and a treasure, A sun whose cloudless sky's a rich expanse of bluest azure ; Whose brilliant ray is sympathy, whose brightest con- stellation Is the deep, deathless world of love-each beam a sweet sensation : Oh, she is my fancy's offspring ! V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 16.-A young bachelor friend who marriage disdains Declared, with a groan, in our presence He'd no objection to " rings on his fingers," But (oh, he's of wits the quintessence I)- He had a most dreadful aversion, he said, As with the huge pun he was struggling, To having so many "big belles on his toes." Ah, well, then we knew he was "juggling "- Was playing with words, and we knew, too, as well, He had been to a dancing assembly, And the girls he had danced with had danced on his toes, For he limped all the way home to Wembley. But don't you think, dear girls, our bachelor friend May be happily married in time, And with one alteration-the one he desires-. Adhere to the truth of the rhyme P He'll have "rings on his fingers," the "belle" whom he weds, Without having "belles" on his toes; And if there is harmony 'tween them, why, then He'll "have music wherever he goes !" AnY DENNY AND FLORA RUSSELL. 17.-Once on a time I wrote some rhyme, And thought it very good; It was about A country lout All covered o'er with mud. This country lout Was very stout, If I remember right; His name was Ned, His hair was red, And he was such a fright. He died one eve (Would you believe ?) Of toothache on the brain; He was put down Far in the ground, Far from the wind and rain. And thus he died, But no one cried, When they knew he was gone, For he'd been bad; And you are glad I've ended this short song. TEB, Manchester, ENIGMAS. (With comrpliments to "Amy Donny.") 18.-Seek me in South America- The tild, give to me, And you a vale and mountains high Will surely see. Now, law ecclesiastical if you survey, I'll meet you there, it well may be, For your dismay; But if you seek from me to hide In music school, Still handy, I'll be at your side, Unless you be a fool I And if you, hating me at school, Take refuge in the Church Be sure, a dignitary there, I'll aid your deep research. MADnamA. 19.-Although my seed is but a corn, I float upon the sea ; My heart is firm, though often torn By waves that carry me. I've carried many hundred souls Across the Channel blue; I carry metal, wool, and coals, The same as I would you. G. W. HAYmaq. PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 20.-There was once a good lady, a portly old dame, Whose portion in life was a" pub." with her name; She'd a first just as black as the porter her daughter Doled out for two pence to support Mrs. Porter. Yes, that was the name that her daughter assigned her, Though the wags of the country too often maligned her; They said that the mugs, when she handed the porter, Were as black as the "mug" of the said Mrs. Porter. They "mugged" once a porter to say to Miss Porter, The mugs should be clean, as they helped to support her; They said, when that porter addressed Mrs. Porter, The mug did descend on the "mug" of the porter. There is now a report that the portly Miss Porter Has ceased to importune her friends to support her; A board which they say, in respect to the daughter, Bears ample report of the last of Miss Porter. H. Cbo, Birkenhead.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS, (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 21.--Shehas sang of ev'ry sage who adorns the "Tourney" page, She has sung of ev'ry lady in her lays, And my heart was filled with glee when I heard her sing of me, Though I really did not merit any praise. Oh! I cannot help but think of those poppies red and pink, Which her little friend bestowed on her that day; May she never have to weep o'er the treasure she doth keep, And may happiness attend on her for aye I Cross Words. This meaneth something fresh in many ways; This is a lengthy space of years and days; This always comes when night has passed away; This is a name for females youug and gay; This is a rogue's name, in " Othello" found; This is the name of Adam's native ground. S. Woon. Foundation Words. 22.-Far from this last a merry crew Guided their first to a foreign shore, Meeting adventures strange and new- Stranger, far, than legendary lore. Cross Words. No matter what size, it is always round; In second a beautiful scent is found; And find for my third a destructive bird That's last in the vengeance it has incurred. W. A. LANGSTON. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 23.-There is an isle which, if you'll please transpose, A part of Greece is certain to disclose- A part of Greece containing letters four; Glance at your map, you'll find it there, I'm sure. If you again transpose that isle for me, Things that should ne'er be told perhaps you'll see. CAno, Tottenham. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 2t.-Down by the " sad sea waves," I stroll, And feel as blithe as any sailor; No feelings sad oppress my soul- (Confound it all, here comes my tailor I). The rolling waves appear to.day To teach a lesson very true, That- (Hang it I how can I be gay ? He says I owe him ten pound two.) The sea, the sea-a glorious sight First prince or ploughboy, peer or peasant- (That last wave gave me quite a fright, For drowning would be last from pleasant.) The sea, the sea-- (Oh, hang the sea I hear my butcher's coming down! As here from dune I am not free, I'll hurry back this day to town.) E. SIIuuEL, Lewisham. SQUARE WORDS. 25.-Full many a young beginner, strong with hope To master all the art of verse and rhyme, Finds that true measure is beyond his scope, And needs an ample use of brain and time. A name which would suggest one wondrous fair, With splendid form, and a majestic grace, Making her fit in godliness to share With any earthly king a regal place. Old poets of the Greeks dreamed of the North, Where men grew great in unkempt hardihood; And later ages saw those men rush forth, Plund'ring the world, and shedding streams of blood. Justly at times would veneration find Something in this to treat with fond esteem; But to a base and superstitious mind A world of rags and bones might sacred seem. There stands the man who le-islates for us, Trying to catch the Speaker's wayward eye; The victim of conceit, the prey of fuss, The chosen by a multitude of votes-and why ? A. H. SCALEs. CONUNDRUMS. 26.-Now, riddlers, come round me without any fear, Or, if you feel frightened, don't show it. No doubt you have heard of the great Wmuklemeier (Don't tremble): pray tell me what poet This giant (peri) Winkle resem bles. A. BUTLER, Birmingham. 27.-Now list to me, ye riddlers all, While I this con, relate, When can a train he said to be In quite a liquid state ? W. CANrNIS, Belfast. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a .s ord, leaving anotlor word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 28.-Dear old chap, I'm pleased to meet yon- Give me your hand again ; Often have I longed to greet you With a happy refrain. A. A. DrYKEs, Southampton, DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 29.-A bird of winter please curtail, And then a word for steal you'll hail. C. F. BLAcEouRNi