RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.OMEGRAMS.
(hne the flrst and lat tetters of a word to form another word.) Sstood by the crystal tide, by the ever-flowing river 1'ht irst on its changeful bosom the fabric of every ddrenmthe flashing darts from Phoebas' golden t quiver Were glancing over the waters, mingling in the stream. Long had I watched and yearned for the sweet surpassing he ision that filled my dreaming and haunted my waking h .rs., a0whieh the promise and hope had raised me to heights gad scattered the clouds with sunshine, and buried the thorns in flowers. Obh the trembling suspense I alternate hoping and dreading, s sudden the nerves of nature with strange expectancy thrilled ; Al, lo! round the sun-crossed bend, her sails to the zephyrs spreading, The joy of my life was nearing, the dream of the years Sfldlled. fsiftwas the sudden rush of mem'ries o'er me crowd. ing, Dim were my eyes with tear-mists for joy to excess was mine, AMd a I strained for the sight my hot desire was shrouding The brightness and truth of all things-the silvery soiling shine. stayed were my eager words, my hands they were help- less and holdeu, And the vision sailed before me, hurrying, drifting, fast Into the western haze, all ruby, and next, and golden; I thought it had fled from my presence as a day that is over-past. Adold breeze sighed from the sea, and the glamour all was broken, And there I was left so lonely, oppressed with regretful Soutterly there alone, without a hope or token Teat e'er such rapture would visit the course of my ife again. iWinter and summer passed, and now in the autumn sweetn5ss A flame of hope has risen, ever to beam and burn ; I watch by the self-same tide, awaiting my life's com- pleteness, For out of the western glory my vision will soon return. Ay BOEHanmER. 2,-Ye woodland trees, ye woodland trees, With ivy round you clinging. Isit beneath your fluttering leaves, Your fluttering leaves, your muttering leaves, I sit beneath your fluttering leaves, And listen to you singing. The poplars with their slender arms, The maples and the birohes, The hawthorn and the guelder tree, The vuelder tree and elder tree, All clap their lihttle lusts in glee Within the wood's researches. The little birds have sought their nests Beneath the elm and willow; The glorious sun has gone to rest, Has gone to rest beyond the west, The glorious sun has first to rest, And man has sought his pillow. The brackens wild droop low their heads, The flowers their buds are closing; But you all through the livelong night, 'ihe livelong night, with laughter light, Sing on through morning, noon, and night, \\ hen other things are dozing. And thus it is each passing night I hear you, and it pleases, Your gentle songs come floating by, Come floating by my window high, Your gentle songs come floating by, Upon the summer breezes. DOROTHEA GRET. S.-Primal could tell you the use of my second- They'c mention to you that a bird's put inside ; IMy third word means loiter; my fourth oft is reckoned A feast, when at supper 'tis placed by your side. C. F. BLACKBURN. RETROGRESSIVE CHANGE. Change the letters of a word in succession, backwards, to form other words.) i.-Should one of our riddlers appear in disguise With tht hope of so winning fresh glory, Thre's one of our riddlers who on that one flies, Reads at once-just a glance-that one's story. Should one of you riddlers approach me and ask For the name of that skilful ditiner, With ne'er a misgiving-who'd bring me to task P- As the Queen of the "T." first define her. There's one of you riddlers-that's last, you must know- Who has earnestly sought for the reason Why the one of our riddlers should ne'er anxious grow Just to learn who is- Name in due season. Ino, there's one of our riddlers who seldom appears, Yet the cons. that one brings are tip-toppy; Thi name of that riddler-you've known it for years- Is the fr.nciful sweet one of Poppy. But there a one of you riddlers-to end my mad song- Who can with a few words enlighten hose who wonder and ask- the next, our whole throng- 'ho is Poppy that makes the " T." brighten P So that one I'll whisper," They all wish to know hoWho is Poppy, and hope that you'll answer." A should the a great riddler, dear Ed., say, " No go," A, the Secret 1'l1 tell, for I can, sir I AGONISTES. CENTRAL DELETION. ltro'aletter irom the centre oL a word to form another.) ear Musa, sweet Musa, do not disappear. helteve me, it is with a sigh and a tear That I nutice each feeling and watch every sign 'that tells me that Stht soon you'll be no longer mine. oBut came to me once in your short fleeting way, oute now Yen refuse for a moment to stay; I' cOurted you fondly, yet sad must I state etr isits have not been so frequent of late. Tiee Iusa, dear Musa, oh, aid me to speak Ane Passion I feel in an eloquent shriek ! nd wte waves of feeling do over me steal, Oh aid me as I'm able, but just as I feel. 1 me aimeo , oh aid me to put to the test I ,rlrs,- to ride in the ranks of the best ,o iiand hlopeful, but, sai to relate, ar 3 hsave not been so frequent of late, ehat ouBa I-V hod iy my weak, foolish way T1 or rts might be wedded togetherfor aye; 'And watcd you fondly, my love has been true, - "at more Iaskc can o suitor do o uursuitors are legion fit's~~l sI fear, _ erast,-- ny supplioant cry you won't hear, 'Ihuith Lbou vsient, resigned to my fate, ~ Sour Visits have not been so frequent of Xatb. T. OCAtta'rnr , Claptlon.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-There's a shout of applause in the " Tourney " to.day, There's a clashing of glittering armour' There's a mingling of voices all merry aud gay, For the " Tourney's" unparalleled glamour Has fallen again O'er a truant so dear, Whose absence gave pain, And whose presence will cheer Each minstrel and maid who are clustering here- Oh, their sweet, ringing voices will charm her. Ah, Katie, ma chere, we have missed you so long- We have first for the sound of your voice, dear; We have listened in vain for the strains of your song That had power to make many rejoice, dear. Each bard in our band Glad voices will blend, And stretch out a hand To welcome you, friend; For friendship, if true, will be true to the end, Be it formed betwixt girls or 'twixt boys, dear. So we hail your return with a shout of applause, And we thank Amy Denny for calling You 'mongst us again, while a moment we pause Just to list to your final words falling. Oh, Katie, be true Like your sister so dear, Whose songs not a few Our hearts often cheer. For minstrel and maid love your voice sweet and clear- Oh, we love your sweet music enthralling. MARIoz TAYLOR. Birkenhead. 7.-When first we ran I did not guess That you could run so first the faster To bring myself in next a mess When first we ran, I did not guess. Who could foretell your great success- That you would prove to be the master P When first we ran I did not guess That you could run so first the faster. IVANHOE, Belfast. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 8.-From work emancipated, 1 hasten home elated, And to my little wifey thus I say: "Now, total, pray, that sewing, And let us, dear, be going For a ramble on this lovely summer day. " Now the park a pretty sight is, And first neo.t your great delight is, While you watch the people promenade about; And then third a seat when weary, While all round is bright and cheery, Will bring roses to your cheeks, I do not doubt." But she answered (this annoyed me, For I thought she'd overjoyed be), " Oh, I'm very busy putting first next last This pretty braided 'pinny' For our precious little Minnie, And it takes so long, although I'm working fast." All my arguments she scouted, And at last got cross and pouted, So I banged the door and left with anger rife; And all efforts, 'pon my word, I shall henceforth deem absurd To understand a woman, maid or wife. J. A. MARSHALL, Southwark. 9.-How sweet it is to lie in some cool spot Protected from the summer's blazing sun, Through leafy barriers of the natural grot, And watch the gold-gilt river onward run! I turn my gaze into the crystal flood- My fancy paints a lovely world to me, Where once a gorgeous fairy castle stood All covered now by sylvan scenery. The silvery primal and the gilded bream Pass and repass me iu a glittering band; Anon I see them with a sudden gleam Final some fairy castle quaint and grand. Whole's tenor harp in tender fashion calls Whene'er its strings aretouched by thy deft hand, Alas I thy soul-songs through "Olympia's" halls Too seldom now are heard by that great band. TERESA CAMPTHOnNE. 10.-First is familiar when King Winter's nigh- A Christmas blanket from the wintry sky. Neat means a hill, but it is used again Prefixed to every noble name in Spain. Whols is a mountain towering to the sky; s8eader, you'll find it if you only try. A. J. DICKSON, Liverpool 11.-My first is opposite to old ; A weight for second take; Join these together for my whole, A surname they will make. W. LEWIS, Ironville. 12.-My first is found in your home; Your parent is my second; My whole an olden city Of Eastern fame is reckoned. HIAWATHA. 13.-An animal is my first; In my next a fish you'll view; These, united together, A riddler will give to you. .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. 14.-My first is a kind of sack; My iett a tube for smoking; My whole a wind instrument Is really, without joking. H. CARTER. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-I'm going to sing you a capital song- That's all; It shan't be too short, and it shan't be too long- That's all. It shall show that my powers for scribbling verse Have not through long absence been made any worse, But shall prove they remain as of old, "nicely terse," That's all. I noticed a lady a short time ago- That's all- Who paired off the riddlers for "weal or woe;" That's all. So now, in obedience to her written laws, I ask you, MIiss Rendle-a moment I pause- Now, am I for ever to champion your cause P That's all. As a punster I've figured some time in the "T."- That's all But never again will a ptun stir from me- That's all. They've threatened to kill me-they swear I shall die. I ask them what colour? They answer with sighs. (The size sometimes varies.) Yousee it P By.by I That's all. T. RoYsToz, Warrington, PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 16.-I'm called by the rich folk a shilling, Though my r-al name is Robert, you'll see; Turn me backward or forward, if willing, Yours truly the same I shall-be. H. Cor, Birkenhead,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word. or words.) Foundation Words. 17.-My primls found rightly will give you the names Of two famous riddling knights, Who always take part in the " Tournament's" games, And are e'er in the keenest fights. In finals the name most familiar you'll spy Of a lady of intellect rare I'm sure you'll agree that she ranks very high 'Mongst our riddling friends so fair. Gross Words. For myfirst please to find an American State, Which, curtailed, is a red man, strange to relate. A kind of parchment, this, For making wills, I wis. My third, you will find, is a girl's Christian name; The lady in finals possesses the same. A noble of Hindostan : Just find him if you can. When one boy to another desires to call out, He chiefly makes use of this well-known shout. Whene'er you're by the sea, You're sure to inhale me. A marvellous planet, whirling in space, Affording all creatures a habiting place. In your month I'm found Running quite around. I'm the coveted product of every mine; I afn gold, I am silver; I'm rough and then fine. Without this element we'd die. And now, kind friends, I'll say "Good.bye." G. GwrYNE. META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letter but one of a word, to form another word.) 18.-The errant " Tourney" knights and maids recall, I ween, and treasure The first of one whose cons. were e'er the source of mirth and pleasure ; And though he is not often seen within the "T." at present, His cons. are just as full of fun, and as of yore as pleasant. A Thespian temple rings each night with merited ap. plause. And should you see Tom Royston act you soon will know its cause; At eventide he is a rogue, the villain! (in the play), But, lo I he is decidedly a gentleman by day. What pleasure is more rare, I ask-a joy more free from harass- Than to converse with, meet, and greet, a real live "Thug of Paris" ? How fiercely does he declamate, with well-assumed fury, And wins the critic-Stoic judge!-and charms the "gods," his jury I Within the precincts of my home, mayhap not unattrac. tive, I held the" Parisian Thug" for just an hour a captive; And whilst the " Warringtonian Chief" formality dis. carded, His townsman, Leigh, chock-full of glee, the guiltless pris'ner guarded. We chatted long anent the "T.," but spoke of naught detracting; Yet, when I next his jokes applause, he said he " wasn't acting." We duly drank each other's health, and Percy waved his " silk,' As we imbibed the cooling draught each from a glass of milk. But friends must part and hands must shake, and hearts regretful swell, And so the "kindred of the 'T.'" each bade a fond fare. well. V. D. TAYLOB, Warrington. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 19.-Presumptuous though the wish may be That's forced its way into my soul- To see my name carved on the roll Of those who grace the riddling "T."- I cannot, were I e'er so fain, I cannot sweep it from my brain. Each day it burns within my heart With aye-increased intensity; Each day my will doth bid me start To seek my fortune in the " T." And so I try first to fulfil The deep-set longing of my will. Full well I know the subtle grace Of Coulson's songs can ne'er be mine; Next can I, like Fred Wallis, place A flood of pathos in a line; Nor have I Webb's sweet facile wand, Or Gow's broad, genuine master-hand. And yet I somehow trust that when A year or two shall come and go, The words that leave my sore-tried pen May burn with more poetic glow; For perseverance oft succeeds Where untilled talents grow but weeds. LEO BEARSDEN WOLFYTRUTHER. 20.-What have we here ?-a lunatic P A last in frenzied joy we see; He certainly from Hanwell's flown, So first seems he. His hat he tosses in the air, His shrieks and yells of joy are heard A full mile off ; by madness he Is surely stirred. I ask a last who's standing by The cause of this. "Forsooth," He says, " he's just had drawn A beastly hollow tooth." R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 21,-A jocular wight, with a twinkle bright In his optics, sought the barber, And chatted a while, with a smirk and a smile, All snug in the "hairy arbour." Now the barber's boy was quite " all there," And shielded his master bravely, Until the wight, with a joke in sight, Asked the boy this question gravely : "Monkeys are plentiful, apes everywhere, With bristles upon their chins waving; If trade's ever bad, why, dang it, my lad, You ought to secure their shaving. But stay," said the wight, in wicked delight, "Did you ever shave one, my boy 1" "Oh, no," said the youth, with a face fullof truth; "But if you'll sit down, sir, I'll try." J. C. DasmoN AND V. D. TAYLOR. CONUNDRUM. 22.-Just within my cottage, friends, In the part that's called the hall, A barometer there is, Hanging up against the wall. Why is a bathing-machine, Oft seen drawn upon the shore, Like the barometer that hangs Just wdth*n my cottage door P 'accxd2 AuTtrat,
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative. 23.-An uncouth youth is Jo (His other name is King, Although some persons will, I know, Assert 'tis no such thing); For several weeks ago Foonoolican did sing So sweet and low about this Jo And said he was a King. His compliments were kind, No better could he bring, But much surprised was he to find No answer from Jo-King. He thought it was a shame That Jo his con. should slight When he had written on his name. Indeed, it was iot right. Miss Nellie Watson, Dykes, Madeira, Philo, too, Have welcomed Jo, and now it strikes Me something he should do. Acknowledge and repay Their welcome warm and free; No longer should he thus delay, But write for " Riddle T." So for his great neglect He pardon fain would crave; In future, all may then expect Him better to behave. In truth, this uncouth youth Apology doth bring, And now will sign himself, forsooth, Yours cons-tantly, Jo-KINe. 24.-The pantomime "Red Riding-Hood," in a large provincial town, Was once produced, and in it played two riddlers of re. nown; Dame Trot and Johnny Stout provoked a large amount of fun, And in the Press opinions they some high encomiums won. Unknown to one another were those aspirants to fame, For one of them, you understand, assumed a different name; Rehearsal o'er, they strolled about, and, oh, the best of jokes ! One bought a paper at a shop which proved to be Young Folks. He showed the other one a con. which to the Ed. ht'd sent; The other fellow looked at him in blank astonishment. " Yes, I'm Tom Royston," he remarked; "my sisters they write, too. I've proved my own identity-now, tell me, who are you P" The other then observed to Tom, " James Broomfield is my name." And from that very moment they the best of friends be. came. That time the adage did come right-it always does, for- sooth; So fiction really, after all, is not so strange as truth. J. G. BROOaFIELD. 25.-Ring out the winds that windly blew : Let languid maidens seek repose, A fresher air, a change of beaux- Discard the old, accept the new. Ring in the huntsman's pleasant toot, Ring in the harmless Sunday horn, Ring in the croquet on the lawn, Ring in the well-known tennis suit. Wring off, O frugal hotel man, The antique rooster's votive head; For fried spring chicken helps a" spread," With gravy trom the frying-pan. Wring out, O Bridget, stout and fair, The clothes that weekly gather dirt; Wring dry the fashionable shirt, The fancy cuffs, the underwear. Ring in, young man, a brighter fate- Forsake the sad, unmarried band; Ring up the willing, dainty hand, Ring out the lonely single state. S. SMrITn, Fulham. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) To V. D. TAYLon AND A. R. STRITCH. 26.-You think you've guessed who I must be; Well, my identity is plain: Madeira is not C. O'D., So, gallant knights, pray guess again. I thought to try a mystic spell This doleful year, on St. John's Eve; Bleak was the day, the night as well- I caught a cold that makes me grieve. That magic charm brought me no gain- Fate cruel is to me, you see; My sister cried, " Sure, you're insane, With night-wind thus to make so free I " Poor youth I Your state may pity claim From knight and lady kind and true; Take you some gruel and self-blame, Seasoned in solitude with rue 1" MADEIRA. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 27.-My first's a consonaut, you will own; My second you'll find in every town; My third's oft raised at the sight of a mob; Iy fourth is worn by many a snob; My fifth's the seed of a well.known tree; ilMy sixth's a name of letters toree; My last the same as first will be. F. WILsoN.