RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. O MEGRAM.
(The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 1.-Ne'er be too rashly speaking, lad, Your thoughtless gossip stay, If mankind's praise you're seeking, lad, Weigh well each first you say; For silence e'er is golden, lad, And, on life's field of strife, But heed this proverb olden, lad, And you'll succeed in life. The less you say the more, my lad, Men for your sake will do; They'll help you to endure, my lad, Ills that encompass you. Through all your cares and frets, my lad, They'll aid each cherished dream. A still tongue love begets, my lad, So next to gain esteem. J. P. HARRINGTON. DELETIONS. ([Irop a letter from the word chosen, leaving nnother word.) 2.--We've read once or twice of the very sad man Whose surname was Jones. Well, howe'er that may be, I now of next hero will tell if I can, Whose title was Patrick Magee. Unlike Mr. Jones, he was brimful of mirth- 'Twas said he had smiled since the day of his birth ; He'dsmile, though it mattered not why, when, or where. Look ye there! Young Pat had a castle, and plenty of gold, Young Pat loved a lady of noble degree. But to the fond wooer, so gallant and bold, Disdainful and haughty was she. " Farewell, then 1" he cried, with a smile and a wink, " I cannot fare worse than I have done. I think, Though fair you first be you have not acted fair." Look ye there! One day with a party a-bunting he went, But on his return, to his horror, he found The castle, on which so much gold he had spent, Was totally burnt to the ground. " Welll well [" murmured he, 'midst the tumult and din, As at the vast ruins he stared with a grin, "I'll soon build another; yes, one in the air!" Look ye there ! But what though his castle was burnt to the ground, From morning to evening still smiling went he; And what though his lady untrue had been found, He laughed, " Ha! ha! ha! He! he! he!" HIe smiled at the thought of the money he'd spent. You'd e'er find him so if to Ireland you went. He smiled at the thought of the world's toil and care. Look ye there ! MARION TAYLOR, Birkeubeal. 3.-'Tis only a last in the army ; 'Tis only a mother that weeps- A mother who'd fain be believing Hier child is not lifeless, but sleeps. 'Tis only the horror of warfare, An error a primal has made, Who surely must have been mistaken, When "Storm the entrenchments ' he said. PiILO. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) .--Let misanthropes wail over love long dep trted, And tell of hope blighted by iron-willed Fate; Of friends they have found to be treacherous hearted; Of ardent affection transformed to deep hate. Nothing can ever faithful hearts sever, Love that soon dieth is not worth a sigh. Let friendships that falter, affections that alter, Be cast in the dust, unremembered to die ! Many bright eyes tender hearts have invaded, And first that true love that endures to the end Many fair hopes ne'er have perished nor faded; Many have next an unwavering friend. Be, then, forgiving, hate not all living, The cynic's false tenets are not of much worth. Faith's blessed token, e'en though 'tis broken, Is better by far than to trust none on earth. F. R. COULsoN. 5.-" Go not in there," the mother said, " Or you will surely die. 'Tis all a snare; so go to bed, And there securely lie." So to his bed wee mousie hied, But in the dead of night Approached the trap, and went inside To take one little bite. The wished-for cheese did mousie se ze; And, as might be supposed, Before he'd ceased he door released, And with a first it closed. Poor monsie ne'er was seen to play Again among the last, For on his little bones next day The pussy broke her fast. F. T. RIDLEY. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, le:vin another word.) 6.-In the calm of the evening, when Nature is hushed, And the western horizon is gloriously flushed, And the birds cease their.lay, When the first and the lapwing wheel homewards their flight, And the darkness descends with the garment of night, As the light dies away, A-maid and hers~econd sail-third the blue lake, While the.ipples' soft musical rush serves to break e deep stillness of eve; Then the loath takes his harp, and the maiden's rich voice Accompanies hi'n, while the birds e'en rejoice The sweet strains to receive. EVELINE C. GaTa. MONOPHONE. (Words of dilTerent meaning, hiut the same in sound ) 7.-T wo trav'l'ers journeying'mongst the Alps, towards the close of day, C ommenced to seek some shelter where they for the night could stay. K eenly first the bitter wind and whirled the eddying snow I n the faces of the w nrlerers as on they blindly go. T heir steps are faltering ; vain's their search, for shelter can't be found ; C old and tired, the weary travellers lay down on the ground. H igh above them gleams the moon upon their sleeping forms ; N ight's closed in, while naught is heard above the raging storms. E re morning dawned the sky was next, and when arose the sun, B igid and stiff the trav'llers lay in death, life's journey done. AnY BOEHMER, Shoruclife. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-On the edge of a stream the bold angler stands, With a pliable rod firmly grasped in his hands; His feet planted apart, his whole bearing elate, For my primals his keen eye detects at the bait. " 'Tis a fine 'un," he says, "and by hook or by crook, I will draw it for aye from its own native brook." But, alas! in his haste, friends, he slipped, and a scream Plainly told that the angler was soused in the stream. Cross Words. My first will to your gaze display A fierce, rapacious beast of prey. You tax your brain to find it out, And often fail, I have no doubt. A this I wrote upon mankind; But 'twas, a!as I "With thanks, declined." For next a colour scribble down; A hint: 'tis neither white nor brown. In Inst the wounded soldier lies, With pallid face and filmy eyes. M. F. GEnAR, Fermny.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word ) 9.-Come.gather round me, my friends of the muse, For I have been reading some voe y bad news, And wish you to know it, because you first own 'Tis solely concerning ye riddlers alone. I'll quote you the sentence-in Young Fo'k 'twas seen- "Our puzzle files looking decidedly lean." Next realize fully the sentence I quote, And what does it plainly and clearly denote ? Why, surely you'll answer, " It meaneth to say The files for the puzzles are looking to-day In aspect uncommon-that is, rarely seen, As now in appearance, 'decidedly lean.' " Once mcre, then, ye riddlers and losses of fame, I put you a question, and ask you to frame Some kind of an answer: "D'ye think it is meet For files which the Editor always did greet As being ' decidedly fat,' to be seen Becoming at once so ' decidedly lean ?'" Of course! I could almost have said 'twould he so- The world is resounding with nothing but " No!" You say 'tis not proper P Then let us proceed The files now in question to fatten indeed, That never again may the sentence be seen In Young Folks that they are " decidedly lean." F. WALLIS. 10.-In vain I seek for rest. I am with care oppressed ; Wild emotions first my breast, And I cry, " Will this yelling never cease ? Oh, will nothing next me peace ?" But the sounds seem to increase- Never die. At twelve o'clock each night The sounds increase in might, And I cry aloud with fright, " What's that ?" But the answer's very plain, For as I press my throbbing brain, I recognize the love-sick strain Of the cat. SPOTSTROKE, Glas4ow. 11.-The dearest object of fair Flora's care. With crimson blushes oft this flower grows, Diffu.ing all around a perfume rare, Pit emblem of our country-'tis the rose. 'Tis found in Scotland's first and rocky glan, Begirt with spines that all around it bristle; An emblem of that hardy race of men And bleak and rugged land-it is the thistle. In the next climate of the E'u'rald Isle, Growing in monutaiu wild, or cultured bed (Witness, alas ! of midnight deeds of guile), The green and modest shamrock lifts its heal. D. (G. HOLaES. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and furm another word in the narrative.) 12.-A sailor he, and minstrel she, On fair Italia's shore, Clasped hand in hand, they lingering stand Where tiny wavelets pour. He gazes in her tear-dimmed eyes, And fondly strokes her hair ; Ah. never more upon that shore Will he stand lingering there. For he, alas! from her most part, And as the sun's last ray Shone o'er the waves, a sigh he gave, And tore himself away. He sailed away with saddened heart To fight his country's foes, While on the air, songs rich and rare, In mellow tones uprose. A fearful fight was fought at sea, And heroes' blood was shed; On one dark deck, a human wreck, A youthful form lies dead. And every eve on one fair shore, When day with night is riveo Sweet notes uprise towards the skies, And join his soul in heaven. HoRACE W., Bright a. 13.--'Twas on a summer morning I went out for a ride With Nelly close beside me, My newly.wedded bride. We chatted of our future, How happy we should be, And how each day I hard would toil For Nelly and for me. We built up airy castles Of fortune and of wealth, And thought not once of poverty That comes to us by stealth. But, ah! how since that morning Our earthly hopes have changed! To us came dire miofortune, And made us half deranged. J. J. BANrs, Sheillell. CURTAILMENTS. (Drip the flnal letter of a word, leavin, another word.) 11.-My first is steaming in a dish 'That stands upon the t tble. My riddling friends, I truly wish You'd guess if you are able What it can be. I think you may Have eaten it at dinner. A cheer for' him who guesses. Ssy, Who is the lucky winner ? To guess my first take second's aid. That is the way, you'll see. You have no second? I'm afraid The con. unsolved will be. LoTTrL W., Brighton. 15.-The ship lay anchored in the roads, When Bob caine from below, And looking from the deck he saw The first with light aglow. IHe straightway to the captain went, And thus h-i did begin: " Can I get o'er to yonder p'ace ?" " Not till they next us in." D. Scorr. 16.-A kind of spring or jump, my first Unto your mental view displays; Now take away the tail, and, lo! A verdant meadow meets your gaze. InMPa M ATUR* CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of whitoh tfs a word.) 17.--My first is a river well known to you all, Which through England doth merrily flow; Mr next is a structure of iron or wood, Across which I often did go. My whols is a town which is sought for by those Who for great education have thirst; For a large univers.ty it is well famed. And is built on the banks of my first. FITrz, Dungarva. CONUNDRUbTM. 18.-Now, young folks of twenty, and old folkq of forty (Please pardon, and don't think us rude), Pray, when can we say that a small d.nner party Resembles a large multitude ? WALLIS AND PaESTON.