RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
1.-I circle o'er the valleys and the hills-high hills, I rest upon the mountain and the plain, I float upon the rivers and the rills-wild rills, And I spread around the hoary hamlet fane. I wreathe around the forest, and, again, I deepen in the shadow of the lane, And I'm borne upon the breeze over valleys, hills, and leas, To the ever-rolling bosom of the main. I'm a shelter to the vanquished; I throw-wide throw- My kindly-curling vapours o'er his head. I'm an ambush and a cover for the foe-cruel foe, When by hopes of sudden slaughter be is led. To the soldier and the sailor I'm a dread; The hunter and the traveller are misled By me, and oft they grieve, when I hinder and deceive, That they ever from the haunts of human fled. I deepen and I cover, and I twirl-high twirl; I thicken, and I darken, and I drift; On the mountain andl morass do I curl-round curl; In the forest deep and dark I turn and shift. My passage o'er the seas is sharp and swift, Then I settle on the mountain and the rift, Till outshines the golden sun, when I know my race is run, And gather up my cloudy garb, and lift. T. Crusr, Leyton. SQUARE WORDS. 2.-The deeJ was done-with fearful look, The murderer next his hair; Then in his third the body took Of young Sir Lee the fair. He raised the form so stark and dead, Then onward hastened fast, And, full of awful fear and dread. "'Twas last !" he muttered-'" last !" Lorric W., Brighton. METAGRIAM. 3.-Hark I the marriage-bells are pealing From the ivy-covered towers, And their music, softly stealing Through the summer's leafy bowers, Echoes and re-echoes loudly O'er a hundred hills and dells ! Hear them ringing, first and proudly, Gaily ringing, marriage bells ! Hark I the bell of death is tolling, With its slow and solemn note, And its mournful echoes rolling, As o'er hill and dale they float, Break the silence of the morning, And each toll that second swells Seems to speak a note of warning As it sorrowfully knells. A. ST. J. ADCOCK. ARITHMOREM. Foandatioen Word. 4.-Here's primals to our Young Folks and that ever. pleasing band Whose cons., and time-beguiling songs appear upon its page; Prosperity to all and him whose never-failing hand Has guided it through all the trials and troubles of its age. Cross Words. 551 and nasa At the head of his turbaned host he fights 'Gainst Christen',in's best and bravest knight<. 100 ,, ttrueh Full oft had Marlborough thrashed our foes, Till here the pen gives Europe sweet repose. 1,150 ,, engrhaae Germania's greatest emperor. See how The Huns and Franks before him meekly bow I 1,150 ,, sobuu In spite of scoffs and jeers, to Spain he gave A boundless world, but filled a name. less grave. 551 ,, Iheeg Prince Rupert charges once again. In vain I Essex's train.bands hurl him back again. 155 ,, aeeehlrs 'Tis in the epoch of the "late Queen Anne " That you may read of this renowned Churchman. 150 ,, aens The battle is over; at set of sun Fair Harold lies dead-the Norman has won. Louis QxUTOsZE. CIHARADE. G.-When winter conies, with ice and snow, And nipping cast winds 'gin to blow, IIow checrful is the ruddy glow (Of jirld by night I When summer holds her glorious reign, And uplands gleam with ripening grain, How oft I've wished me young again To next a kite i In western wilds and forests drear, Where human foot must tread with fear, How grand my total doth appear, So strangely bright I J. CHARLES. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 6.-Oh,'twas a glorious sight to see Those mighty ships upon the sea l The proudest sons of Spain were there, With clashing swords and haughty air. The English ships, in number few, Had captains bold and sailors true, As shown when Spain's defeated host. Shattered, retired from Britain's coast. Cross Words. An animal more like mankind Than any other you can find. My next are by some people worn, Their hands with beauty to adorn. My third are gained by heroes bold ; They're made of silver, bronze, and gold. For fourth a little insect see; 'Tis not much larger than a flea. A pretty flower that's often seen Growing amidst the grass so green. A mighty portion of the world, Where Freedom has her flag unfurled. HoRATIOs. DECAPITATION. ?.-The captain of yon stately ship,. Who stands with clouded brow, And fiercely gnaws his under lip, Is gazing on me now. Heknows his way across the deep, And in his chest our whole doth keep, In breezy Highland woods and glens, And in the forests, too, I often hide in dread suspense Whene'er the loud halloo Breaks forth from lips of sportsmen keen, Who seek my precious life, I ween. I'm seen in each true painter's work, He wooes me from above In actors' look and tone I lark- They me with passion love. I beautify this lovely earth; The cultivated know my worth. RAW AND SAUNDERS. OMEGRAM. 8.--My first's a well-known forest tree; Change tail, a measure then you'll see; Repeat the change, and you will find A colour it will call to mind. s. GEtRAX, Fermoy. (JENTRAL DELETION. 9.-A rabbit is primal as aught can e'er be: That this is quite true you will quickly agree. A knight, full of last. struck his foe on the head, And soon his opponent lay silent and dead. I, FABLANeQUE.
LOGOGR IPH. introduction. 10.-Our dear Ed. says we knights are getting lazy; I do not think so-riddling friends, do you ? In fact, the saying almost drove me crazy, And this I did determine for to do: To write a riddle that would take some solving (And here it is; answer it he who can), And when a While my mind had been revolving, I fixed, dear friends, upon the foll'wing plan. You love your first-of that I'm sure; Change head, a city comes to sight; Transpose, the opposite to fewer Your gaze will greet, if done aright. And now change head a while; I hope I am not this in all your eyes, Nor grieve you next, as did me Pore, When he did write 'gainst catching flies. O'er classic sixth I ne'er do next; And this you ne'er will see behind. Change second letter; you'd be vexed, If you your first on ninth did fiud. Behead, for anger tenth's a name; A letter add; a paradise Is next-there Silverspear once came, And found the garden very nice. Change second letter, now a part At once you'll see ; then please transpose, But with the world will this depari. Stay I Now this con. I think 1'il close, Although I own that I must next Much more ; I but a last can say, For our Ed. dear would be fifth vexed If I said more. So now good day. T. 1'P. DoTClnANx. DOUBLE ARI'rTIIIOREMI. lb omdtation i 'ords. L1.-Two names renowned in classic lore This con. will call up to your mind; As you have heard them oft before, With little caie you will them find. Cross otrds. 101 and nhp A gentle nip in first we see; 1,050 ,, ae And this to make for foodl unfit; Sti ,, ar An enemy is nllnlber three; 153 ,, bonn Naught has been this for long as yet : g5 ,, anys We like last scenes, and hope you'll say, " We like it, too." Dear friends, gold lay. 'Vuin: li:OTH'nEI~s D. CENTRAL CIIANGE. 12.-First is a true.brrni Irishmau, A next with all his friends, And often does whate'er lie can To gain his honest ends. When he was strolling out one day, Into a third he fell, And 'tis but speaking true to say lie gave a fearful yell. We got him out; a fourth was brought, Containing whiskey strong. First fifth the whiskey down his throat, And then commenced a song. He sang about his native land, Jelo red so dear by hi;m, And list'uing to him we did stand Until our eyes grew dim. Then let ns wish our sister idle I'rosperity and peace ; 3Iay Erin's sons in future smile, And never, never cease. STonn AND DE BEAR. METAGRAI\I. -3.-As first a town in Ireland view, Of known historic fame; In tronblous times it kept preserved Religion's holy thuname. In shady next at eventimne, Oppressed with grief and care. Most soothing sound the vesper last, Borne on the tranquil air. C.A; 1.., hublhin. ANAGRAMS ON BIRID::. 14.--Oh, times out of number I've told L.:,n of that, But still he continues to worry the ciat! We'd better not take Rob, as last tim' he b ,lrt- The poor little fellow h-so sleepy and heI:. I think you had better look after those stairs; They feel very shaky-if bad, do repairs. A caprice, Eliza, that's all-a mere whiem. She does as she likes, and it just pleases hi!n. I'll write to the maker, and say that you wish To have that particular mark on each dish. The bride rang the bell for her maid to a,:! tr, And said," Please to tell inm when Lord onallid's here.', 'Tis naughty. Fie, Alfred ! I did not thi;nk c,,t Would take such a lot when there's only a fe.w. I thought that .Jack Cary was so much the gent; I mast be mistaken-he's not worth a cent. NoN Ostis IMonIAll. ACROSTIC. Foundalt is; WIo'l. 15.-Now, riddlecrs, all my primals name A heathen god well-known to fame. Cross Words. An ancient goddess; a fabulous brute; A girl's Christian name; a very small fruit. i'n found on all ships that sail o'er the deep; 3ly last is a mountain exceedingly steep. At;;;rPA. DECAPITATIONS. :G.-A mother waiting weary In a dark room dreary- Primal fills her heart. " Ah, next this letter, mother! He's coming home, dear brother, Never more to part." SENTO. L7.-Os steel and iron I am made, And carpenters do greatly aid; But if my head you take from me, Before your eyes will surely be What in a ship you'll always find. Before that ship braves wave and wind. F. ClIuoci . . CHARADES. 18.-You and I were once liy ;irst; My sister wore my accund. My whole the hlappiest time of life Is by most people reckoned. Al i.PHISTO. 19.-A colour bright, both dark and light; My second tells the hour. Unite the two, and then you view Scotland's farv'rite flow'r. W. S. Samrr.