IIDLE TOURNAMENT. NAEEATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. flettersfrom a word toform another word expressed in
ier speech having ended, the queen mounts her In rin the field sounds a trumpet's high tone; arger comes bounding, of rabio breed, d org by its rider at wonderful speed. lnherited Knight" his device on the shield, Inhe ance his strong arm knoweth well how to wield; sa herald to make known his will, proceedeth at once his command to fulfil. lleng the host of the countenanced knights Shave fougbt for their queen in the fiercest of fights, my arm shall be aided by one who is known ave fought for his rights in the ' Tourney' alone, nanme by the queen was never e'en owned. he with myself ranks amonigst the disowned. eombat the host with intent but to place ost beanutifulmaid on the throne for a space, the ontiest knights they shall fight for their s the warrior who is at present unseen. 0 eth-behold him! his armour is black, sally he cometh equipped for attack; for the onset and display your skill, your unknown opponents shall fight with a will." herald retires; a phalanx is made, the challenger's mandates are swiftly obeyed. ble pas pealed and the chargers have sped, he frst hote they proved they disdained to be led; h a dash and a bound they have torn at the rein, e irst at the onset have strained every vein ; riders can feel as they shorten their steel e is scarce any need for the spur at their heel; have charged with a shout "for the fame of the their long, streaming plumes and their ribands of net by the lances of warriors dread, such skill that a fear through the circle is spread; woe knights are unhorsed, and another struck hard, breastplate torn open and visor all marred, swooning o'er saddle and faint with dismay, charger from combat rides swiftly away. her deep wounded can scarcely display zeal to continue the desperate fray. again to the charge ride the knights in a line, fully determined in battle to shine ; a cry of "St. George!" they sweep down on the o well held his own in the heat of the fight. lances have scathed him and wounded him sore, thrusts from behind and one deep one before; alies a moment to charge on the host, eming if fruitless the battle be lost; driven to bay by his phalanx of foes, a seems all nerveless, and useless his blows, n, thundering down on the terrible scene, the Black Knight, all burning with fury his e'en, ith shock of his onset o'erbearing a horse, drivig another to ground with the force charge that at once changed the course of the fight ecause of the strong Disinherited Knight, leagued with his comrade, pressed onward with ed, gracefully wheeling and curbing his steed, low to the Lady of Beauty and Love, suffered the heralds his helm to remove, osing the features of Knight Ivanhoe e fair Lady Watson, proclaimed to bestow haplet of pearls as the meed of the knight paonunced her the queen of the "Tournament" LOGOGRIPH. wr which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, delei lan,svd transposition, but leaves a perfea word after each -First is part of the mighty Vesuvius, You'll find it, I'm sure, without fail; And a very large basket of china You'll see, if the first you curtail. Transpose, and then this is a token; Behead, and I mark your descent; Transpose, and I trust your bright faces Will never by this be down-bent. Transpose, and you have a' land-measure; And if you one letter delete, Straightway on the cards you will find me. And now is my riddle complete. DIANA R. O'D. NARRATIVE DUAGRA4M. hsa irst two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 3.-A gentleman living in Calais Once handed his purse to his valais ; When all'in a minute, With ev'rything inute, He shot like a shot down an alais. There once was a maid in Calcutta Who trod on a small piece of butts; When she opgned her eyes You may judge her suppreyes, For she found her sweet self in the gutta. A young man once went to Jamaica, And thought he'd succeed as a baica; But flour was so rare That he tore out his hare, And wished himself back in Long Aica. There was a sweet maiden in Malta, Who loved a young fellow named Wdlta; And one starry night He was helplessly tight, io she led him straight off to the alta. are' as yng man in Versailles, Who revelled in bloodthirsty tailes Of thieves and highwaymen; co he tried the saymen- le now has seen several jailles. A couple who lived at Detroit Were blessed with a broth of a boilt Who loved to break windows, An d play with the cindows, never do aught but annoit. CONUNDRUM. gh answers " expressed in the narrative " way h pardon my quoting, I pray) y1e.ot solutio they trace, 1( -, which these columns so famed largely grace. ithouo the "Narrative's" sometimes abused, SI tes it eourney " some change has infused, ks relation, Conundrum, small scope g ares et, buoyant with hope, H gh eo assort to enter the fight, success it's a chance but too slight. A haavuedra shalt here have a try, Cv ers maY say that they dannot descry A tthd~,se it's too vague or too dense, Dv'e iatle when my con. I commenece. stgardome (just to succour the rhyme), egard to the season or time, 0t rhad o a meal is intent, it0t part will this act represent ? ie effrs s solight be abusing "5o le o usiyou're kindly pruseing. .uve mery to. o.-pre,
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a vord is changed, to form another word, ex pressed in the narrative.) 5.-Waiting for sorrow to vanish, Waiting for gladness again; Waiting for something to banish Feelings of sorrow and pain. Waiting for tones well-remembered, For the touch of a once tender hand; er Waiting, unchangeless and faithful, Waiting in Love's dreamy land. Waiting for glances so fleeting, Of hipopiness, joy, peace, and rest; Waiting for one tender token To uplift a load from the breast. Waiting for soft-spoken whispers, Once so familiar and dear; Waiting for eyes that will brighten When the beloved one is near. s, Waiting for one simple message That Love is returning at last; Waiting to see doubts all broken, And left far behind in the past. Waiting in hope and affection, Waiting to trust and forgive ; Waiting in truest devotion, ir Waiting while waiting can live. Waiting till youth is forgotten, Waiting through long, weary years; Waiting through pain, grief, and doubting, Waiting through sorrow and tears. Waiting to prove love is tender, Waiting for aye to be true; Waiting for all that I long for, Waiting, my darling, for you. NELLIr WATrsoN, Cheshunt. 6.-The gold of the sunset's glory In the hair of " Miladi " lies; The hue of the stately iris Gleams in her dusky eyes. Le Her skin is as fair as the daisy, Her cheeks like its pale pink tips; >f And the richest of crimson carnations Grow wan near "Miladi's" lips. " Miladi," indeed, is most lovely, But she often gets nasty cracks For despite her high-sounding title, "iladi" is made of wax ! LILIAN DOUGLAs, Kennington. METAGRAM. (Ohante the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-I lie on the first of a river, e Where the reeds grow second and tall; And I watch the dry leaves shiver, As they rustle and sigh and quiver, And into the water fall. And anon one floats so sprightly, And flirts with the laughing wave; I smile as it dances lightly, While sunbeams, gleaming brightly, Conceal its watery grave. And I wonder if third and fashion Would only come just here; If folly, pleasure, and passion, Which they spend their youth (and cash) on, Like shadows, would disappear. But the leaf then fourth in the river, And the sun went down-ah, me !- And I rose with a weary shiver. " Poor mother, a fright I'll give her, If I don't haste home to tea." DIANA. NARRATIVE ADDITION. (Add a letter to the word chosen to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to Hesperus, in No. 950.) 8.-When into a mansion a burglar's strayed, And forthwith commences the goods to remove, How glad he must feel when he's stopped at his trade, For there's never a love like the constable's love. When into your tailor's you trustingly room For a swell suit in which the gay city to rove, Oh, say that "you're out" when the parcel's brought home, For there's never a love like an unpaid " snip's " love. When a boy takes a ride on the back of a cart, A ruinous thing to his pants it will prove; Be sure that'a parent will make that boy smart, For there's never a love like a stern parent's love. When Smith comes home late on a night bitter cold, How merry he is when he feels from above A jugful of water! He knows it of old, For there's never a love like an angry wife's love. THESEUS. NARRATIVE TRIOGRAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to P. Wyatt, Nottingham.) 9.-Champion goal-keeper, Best one out; Awfully conceited, Struts about. The whistle blows, Game begins; Fumbles first shot, Kicked on shins. Kind remarks By the people- " Wants his head Rolled in treacle!" An electric shot, Tries to fist it; Opponents' captain Instead gets it. General hubbub, Captain swears; Gory goal-keeper Shedding tears. Roars of laughter, " Serve him right 1" "What a nose !" "Must be tight!" Carried home On a shutter; Damaged parts Rubbed with butter ! C. FA~Ncoaz, Brighton. CHARADE. I(Poresd on a word easo soylllale ,) whrlsh ti a wr: I., 10.-In a bright flower-garden, where total was growing, Young second with Lucy had leisurely strolled; She, with eyes looking downwards and cheeks with red glowing, Had listened with joy to the story he told. He had loved her for years with a tender devotion Which she ne'er suspected, although she loved him; And now that he'd told her in tones of emotion, Her cup of felicity filled to the brim. And he, too, was lost in a first dream of rapture, For his future life she had promised to bless; When he seized her fair hand she blushed at the capture, So he asked for it then, and she answered him "Yes." R. FITzesntAD. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) fl.-With letters five, it hath sweet welcoming Ent, losin one, ~j3kat~l6tCthiung ', JPo be mesdeineg there,
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. [" (Drop the first two ]ett -re of a word, leroing another word, expressed in tihe narrative.) 12.-I cannot now write cons, like those I wrote long months ago; I cannot write the verses light Which used to please me so. And so the " Tourney" bards have had A pleasant, joyous time; They've happy been-they haven't seen Those fearful cons. of mine. I cannot write, my heart is sad, And wounded is my pride; The flies, I think, have in the ink Committed suicide; My pens are stolen, lost, or strayed, My new home ruler, too; My blotting-pad-it is too bad- Has dropped into the blue. And other troubles, half a score, Have worried me of late; I've bankrupt been, and ghosts I've seen, And been declined by Kate. But what has made me cuss and swear Like forty Peter Teazles, I cannot write, unlucky wight- My Muse has got the measles ! Jo-Kins, Lambeth, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of ,n word. leaving another word.) 13.-As cross as a bear, although she was fair, Anastasia Muggins first down in a chair. In The Marrying Noose she a husband would choose, But in spite of her "ads." none would fall to her noose. "I'm unhappy," she said, "and I wish I were dead, For I shall be in anguish until I am wed If I were-oh, what bliss i the lingering friss, Then death to the horrid and poisonous ' miss.' " The years onward rolled, Anastasia grew. old, She'd married snext last, but, alas I she was " sold I''" A demon she nursed of the, oh, very worst, And the day when she married she heartily cursed. So poor little wife, getting tired of this life, Vowed she would make a bad end of this strife; And one day she was found in the deep river drowned, The cause, so 'twas said, that her mind was unsound I S. DE BEAn AND DRIDHOG. 14.-Down the lane first the violets flourish, Aud starry white stichwort may be found, Where lovers ramble at eve's soft gloaming, 'Tis the pleasantest lane in the country round. There's a stile at the end leading into the meadows, And it was neoat one morning in June I beheld sweet Margery stopping to listen To a blackbird's clear and melodious tune. Olten we met, and when autumn's glory Filled the land with ripened fruit, I was rejoicing, for Margery dainty, With rippling laughter, said "Yes" to my suit. MRIAM GRAY. DUAGRAM. (Ohance the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 15.-Through the copse where the squirrel stares, Over the mead where the kingoups blow; Footsteps starting the watchful hares, Fleeting away to their sandy lairs By the river bank where the lilies glow. Tread the spot where the rich grass lushes, Flowers stretch far to the wooded slopes; Abovo, the harebell in beauty flushes, But spring is dead to our hearts and hopes. A monument is the bush of buds, A silent watcher o'er what is gone; The sun in its ancient glory floods The bush and meadow, the first and lawn, But the glamour has faded, in love withdrawn. A voice in the hyacinth last is waking, The breath of spring is upon the world; Heart-resurrection no answer making, The banner of life is in sadness furled. Once, when the spring was a new-found mine Of countless wealth, and the days were young, We felt no measure of heart-decline, And knew no end to the songs we sung. Each wood a chorus, each twig a tongue, Told love each day till the moon's apparirig: Eyes voiceful were when the lips were sealed; Love's idol was of the spring's uprearing, But the idol fell and the whole world reeled. The seasons ever shall come and go, The world be freed from its winter blight; And autumn reign in the afterglow Of the summer blaze of the newer light; Shall love spring up in death's despite, Shall the downward path know footprints single, Or the upward way be in union sought ? The gliding streams in their passage mingle ? The parting for ever, shall the end be naught ? IVANHOE, Belfast. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word.) 16.-Many a time have I lingered To gaze with a son's fond look On my darlng mother's picture That hung within yon nook; And thought of the blissful moments, And the first-last summer day With a deep increasing anguish That never will pass away. Many a time have I studied Those features I loved so well, So beautiful, soft, and smiling, They haunt me like a spell. Ah, she soothed my first wild sorrow, Nor left me alone to pine; Filled my youthful heart with gladness, And no mad tears were mine. Many a time have I pondered When sorrow sat on her brow, And marked the lines of cruel care Their gloomy ravines plough. Ah, distinctly I remember She spoke of a far-off shore, And called it the clime of the blessed, Where many have gone before. SrNTAX AND RAEBEDS. NBARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMf. (Obhange the two last letters of a word to Ir i another word, ex- pressed in the narrativs.j 17.-Ducklings waddled without, Withiu was pudding, and thee; Bodies of three dead ducks Walked in the walks with me; Bodies of three dead ducks, And thou wast one of the three. Little pigs ceased their feeding To stare at the lambs at play; The ducks went on with their quacking, And the world seemed never so gay, 2 While deep in his human coffin The roasted duckling lay. Two dead ducks have I known As savoury, quite, as thee; Two dead ducks have I had As tasty as ducks could be; (1 Thr dead nastav hr ean
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 18.-A few weeks ago a maiden came singing A pleasant refrain, a soul-stirring lay; And, oh I when we heard her voice sweetly ringing Our hearts in their fulness of joy bade us say, "Welcome, thrice welcome! E'er brighten these pages, And long may you prove to our queen leal and true; For, oh! long and loudly our eminent sages Have called, Nellie Watson, for maidens like you. "Of all maids in the 'Tourney ' you are the brightest, Beloved and respected by each knight and dame; To praise your fair name is not wrong in the slightest, For all know your verses have won you great fame. Where else can we fnlud such a maiden so witty To fill us with joy and our dull hearts to cheer? Who else can excel you in ballad or ditty? 'Twould difficult be to find many, we fear. "The honour conferred upon us by you lately Has made us feel happy and gay for a time, And we must admit that you've flattered us greatly To think you should notice our efforts at rhyme. In this our bright ' Tourney' we see not your equal, The breeze does not whisper as sweet to the ear; And dark if we part will be our joyless sequel, And soon will the beauty of hope disappear." APOLLO AND HECTOR. (To Philander Mugg, Esq.) 19.-Philander M ngg, I greet you, And wish you all success ; Oh, how I'd like to meet you! 'Twould please me much to treat yoa- 'Tis truth I thus confess. Dear friend, I do believe you, Your verses all are grand; I'd really not deceive you, For that would only grieve you- You're best of all the band. No knight would ever dare to Assume that you are not; If anybody were to, We pretty soon would swear to Exterminate the lot. You'll be my friend-now, won't you P- And teach me how to rhyme ? You twig my question, don't you ? What's that I hear? "I won't, you "- Well, well, some other time. HECTOR. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 20.--My primals are a part of the year; my finals another part, which always follows my primals. Cross Words. A wanderer. A daisy. Enlivening. A fierce bird. A mark of time in music. A fast horse. A home of birds. A brilliant bird. W. G. S. WORD TRIANGLE. (Each star represents a letter.) 21.- 1 13 2 14 * 3 15 * * 4 16 * * * 5 17 * * * 6 18 * * * * * 7 19 *** * 8 20 * * ** * 19 21 * * * * * * * 10 22 5 * . **** * 11 23 *0 * * * * * * 12 Read Across. 1. In pastimes and pleasures. 13 to 2. An abbreviation of the title of a holy person. 14 to 3. A farming im- plement. 15 to 4. A river in Germany. 16 to 5. To trim. 17 to 6. A picture in colours. 18 to 7. The hinder part of the head. 19 to 8. Wantof variety. 20 to 9. An historical camp. 21 to 10. Man-eaters. 22 to 11. The act of re. straining from disclosure. 23 to 12. The act of entreating. Read down from 1 to 12: Something very useful in the art of printing, invented c Nov. 27,1725. Read diagonallj from 13 to 23: Somietlung very useful to navigation, discovered on Nov. 21, 1302. D. CLExENTS. BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word.) 22.--First, the native home of " blarney," Famous for its lakes Killarney Next, by riddling art so " eerie,' Change to regions cold and dreary. ROBERTO, London. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 23.-" I've travelled from first," the maid replied, In her nert little way, and she almo st cried; "My uncle he promised to meet me hero. Oh, what shall I do if he fails to appear?" CONDAgI. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanin., hat the same in sound.) 2i.-It was a cold and wintry second, The birds had gone to rest; When a brave fir. came out to fight For her he loved the best. F. E. HIND, Hull.