RIDDLE TORURNAML .ENIGA.
JLrN ItiDIA. 1.-When a very bad thief in a very dark lane Met a little fat man who had been out to dinner And "borrowed" his money, his watch and itse When the little fat party protested in vain, And meekly presumed the bad thief was a sine With sweet moderation; when that observation, Or insinuation, -, Did haplessly fail on the thief to prevail To give back the goods he had wickedly takee, When the little fat party, whose lungs were ful Set up a wild yell, which was like to awaken The slumbering watchman, so high was the key. What came with a crack on his head, and, good la Sent the man who was fat on the broad of his baIhij- It was me-ha, ha, ha l-it was me When a bald.headed covey, with three other men, At the nice game of whist wasmost thoughtfully '- And had foolishly staked his last sovereign; wh, n He wanted a card that he hadn't got then. When the ffies on his bald head were skat sleighing, 'Twas a cruel situation for one in his station (For his occupation Was that of a snob, and the top of his nob Was bald, and, indeed, the flies tickled it badly)".; When the bald-headed chappy felt very unhappy And thought of the card that he longed for s And wished from the game he was free; What was that same trump which was wanted so©a By the cove on whose bald head the flies playedat to It was me-ho, ho, ho I-it was me i H. C. PRICE, S0uthe ROTATION CHANGES. (Change the letters of a word in saaoesaton to foterm other 2.-The sun's first rays are peeping The forest glooms among, And show next warriors sleeping-.. The valiant and strong. The armour and the weapons, That armourers did third, Lie by them. Twilight deepens, And dies the song of bird. 'Tis not till night has banished The satellites of day, That sleep from them has vanished, And home they fourth their way. The battle's won, and over, And, 'neath the even sky, Lies form of many a lover Who next forth-but to dlio ! LA LAcaarsag 3.-Although he spoke in manner quite sincere, The people all began to first and jeer. The splendid ocean steamer, grand and great, Is often in a next to take in freight. My cousin third is coming here to-day; We shall be sorry when he goes away. He drew his fourth; they sallied from the hat, And one of them received a nasty cut. All travel-stained, besmeared with last andlbl They came and asked me for a little food. W. D. PICKERING, Southai CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a worda 4.-Shining in its golden splendour on the desert'- plain Lies my first; a million brothers gleam in silenote by side ; On their scattered forms the sun pours down itasa~ ing, searing rays, O'er them flies the mighty ostrich in its wand'e far and wide. When the lurid lightning flashes, and the thunderra_ on high, When the massive waves are rocking in the lbs restless sea, When the wind is loudly moaning, and the rain desrn in showers, Then my ncrt rides high in glory, clad in grand au,- But when o'er the dreary desert blows the crucl,akh wind, When the air is filled with clouds that hide froma the blazing sun, When the trav'ller gasps for breath, and ofttime,fr ing, drops to die, Then my whole, with golden chain, seems sky ande to link in one. F. G. WEBB, Southest 5.-My first is ever two, or more ; My second single evermore; My hollow third is made to roar; My whole, how shall I picture it ? It is, or should be, full of wit, Old thoughts reset, olI words rewrit. C, Sean DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word. 6.-Adown the room a silent shaft of gold Irradiated all the being fair Of a young maiden, sitting singing there, While from her lips firstnmellow chorus rolled: "Oh, Love! whose presence makes the yon; g stirred, s Oh, Love I that, severed with an angry word, Unbidden comes, and silently will go. " If, in some foreign climes, our life should roll, Love, wheresoe'er we range, will still control, And bring our beings bliss, or bring us woe. "And should we ever basely faithless prove, Still we can oft recall the boyhobd's love, And the sweet mem'ry of the long ago." Her song was silenced with a kiss; Next entered while shesang the song, And waited-oh I he thought too long For his fond being's edrthly bliss. SG.MANvWEAT: ?.-Ah I where are the klnights of the dear, olden dai' And where are the lasses who joined in our fr:ys And where are the bards who oft sung songs of pres In our pleasant "R..T. F" First, where is H. Price and Diana O'D., ,e And Kitchner, Fred Coulson ? and Sharman-were'b ! Come, friends, next again your bold names we we In our pleasant " E. T." There's Binstead, dear Freddy, deserted us too; And Noe Naime sode Cooper, come, co e, where areY Why do you not write to the Ed., kind and true, Of our noble "R. T. F" Now, all who have once in the "Tourney" wen f3me, Come back, we beseech you, and join in the gBaue, And add further lustre to each well.known nnme . I our joyous"R. T." E L o -' METAGIAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another rvod 8.-I sit down once more a riddle to write, As I feel that way inclined But perhaps after all our Ed. will say .. ,, With much thanks your riddle's deeline No doubt yoi will thihk this riddle is first, It casem:.l next to me, When I ldok 8those:whpi~a weekly appear, That I can't' imitate wh~it I see. _a..
DELETION. roP, letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) pA yoggedplittle maiden by'the window, ' Within her tiny hands a pretty flower; Her eager ees upon its fragrant blossom, Her childish thougnhts revertingto that hour han,.with a parting kiss, her dying mother Next, in her first, put forth the simple gift; .od carefully the little one had kept it Since mother for a home of peace had left. A drunken father by the'wretched fireside, His vice.like grip upon the shrinking child; A cruel struggle o'er the pretty Uow'ret- Two mighty blows that rage made, doubly wild; A tender blossom, crushed, and torn, and mangled, Still grasped within her tender, wax-like hand; An angel spirit, flown from earthly sorrow, To join her mother in a better land. F. G. WaBB, Southwark. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters ain a word to form another word.) 10.-For first you have not far to seek- In Young Folks Paper every week They're seen and read; Transpose, a kind of stone is left; Transpose, of freshness 'tis bereft (Mind what I've said); Transpose, my friend, for the last time- To this is sinful, and a crime. M. F. GExfA, Fermoy. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narratlveJ 11,-I met a little fellow once, Who seemed to be distressed; His eyes were brimming o'er with tears, And heaving was his breast. Said I, " My lad, what ails you now P What troubles your young mind i" He answered me, in accents sad, "My puzzles were declined." And now for the first time I saw A Young Folks in his hand; And once again, with glist'ning eye, The " Letter-Box" he scanned, Until, 'bout half.way down the page He pointed out his name, And read to me the cruel words Which barred his way to fame. Yes, there it stood: " James Wilkinson"- The humble name he bore- "Your puzzles are declined with thanks; But peyou may send some more." I pointed out the latter words- Told him to be more gay, Reminding him of this old saw, " Rome wasn't built in a day." And once again the ready tears Came gushing from his eyes; And thus once more to me he spoke, With many natural sighs: "But I have written often, sir, And always had the same-- The very same small batch of words Come close after my name." His grief then took a violent turn, And loudly (he can bawl) He shouted, " Hold me, or I'll kill Some poor dead animal I Oh, hide my pen, conceal my ink, " Or else, excited when, I my dichroic ink may drink, Or eat my patent pen 1" Now, if I might advise the Ed., lot meaning to be rude, The next time that James Wilkinson Sends you a new-hatched brood Of puzzles, please try ae'd accept Some from my little pal, If it were but to save the life AOf some dead animal. P. S., Belfast. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. e last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 12.-The postman raps. A letter I Whatever can it be; A wonderful proceeding For folks to think of me. 'Tis opened; and before my view An infant, dressed so fine, Trying to write a cohundrum I Why, 'tis my valentine I F. PHILLIPa, Mottingham. OMEGRAM. (Thlast letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 13,-I am following the pattern of Pickering, I don't think 1'1I do so again; It may cause a great deal of bickering, So I don't think I'll do it again. I am fresh to this work, dear readers, I hope.I shall not be again; I trust that for first you'll be pleaders, I don't think fou'll'le so again. I have not joined the ', Tourney" before, Bat I hope I shall do so again; And to Ed. send verses gesore, Though he may say " Don't do it again." I must crave your kind'condescension, I don't think-I'll o se again; I must fnish next Latin delension, So to-night I'llnot bore you again. nx UINxoWiN KNIGHT. HIDDENý ;ISH. 14.George lingered iear the churchyard gate; When hegot home 'twas very late. Come he me ut this carpet straight, Or we shall he here verylate. nThere are ten childri·niii thetroom," Said Tom the butler to the groom. My brother rings that bell so loud, That he collects quite a large crowd. Young Charlie makes an awful din, Ireally must call mother in. The youngsters prattled on so loud, I wanted much to lea~re the crowd. Yes, Ada certainly is sharp, and she can play upon'tliheharp. :. L,. JEsFBRON, Holborn.
ord which mIay be treated as a metagram decapitation, dele- oDeration position bat 1eaves a pereet word after eaoh 15.--A ind of tree my first will be; But take awa'y its head,. A concave structure, you will see, Will now appear instead. Please now curtail, and this will mniake Part of a circle's name ; Whatever partthatyc:d :y take, The name is still the same. Dear ridding friends, if you transpose, ry nIextr yiu'Tl ENickOy Wview; A cart it surejy wil disclose, And now I'l sayUdiex.,. Tzz UNI01Bwx,
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 16.-Oh, Mother Gum I what mysteries ourround thee! For the biographer has passed thee by, Although unnumbered unsoaped babes have found thee A first whereat to lhurl the scornful cry. - Thou kept'st an infant school; imagination Runs riot at the thought, and wonders where, Thou didst locate thy home'of education, , And what the " system" 'thou didst practise there, That thus "hurrahs" for thee (no doubt, ironic) Disturb the quiet street when school is done. we . Perchance 'twas Kindergarten, orllnemonic; If thus it'was, derisive shouts at one, Who did espouse the noble cause of science In training in right paths the youthful mind Meriteth not these howlings of defiance- Nay, should respect and commendation find. Alas I at fault may be our pleasing picture, And by thy scholars once thou mightst have been Defined as one who "kept yer in and licked yer," With all the rancour of infantile spleen. Next why protract the theme P I would not venture To give thee praise that might not be thy meed; By this same reasoning, 'twere vain to censure For unproved blemishes, it were indeed. And so I leave thee; now to rest thou'rt laid- Ah, Gum, I cannot, will not, vex thy shade i D. Gow. 17.-A first stood on her little cheek, Which made her look quite sad; For she a scolding from her ma Just recently had had. My second comes from foreign parts- Tis well known unto you; And if you're cute, you'll quickly bring The self-same unto view. Doni Woasuaa. 18.-Young Folks, if you are very smart, You'll find my first is used in art. A word unpleasant is my next; Now, find it, friends, and don't get vexed. M. L. RAw. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 19. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below:
ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 20.-On rocky slopes and mountains high, Scorning woods and fields, This bird of prey does build its nest, And there her young ones shields. Cross Words. 1 and garren To decorate a lady's head; 101 ,, fara An arid country, this, 'tis said; 50 , gass Easy to break, but hard to mend; 56 ,, er A coin of France on this depend. 1,001 ,, neer I hope you all in this concur, And say it is a kind of fur. F. BRIDLE. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 21.-A vehicle, well known to all, Bring now before your mind; Read backwards, forwards, 'tis the same, As you will doubtless find. W. PICKERINx, Bilston. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-An ancient city my primal sets forth; My next, I'm sure you'll quite agree, Is part of yourself, or perhaps I might vouch 'Tis a kind of case you often see. R. WHITWORTH, Milnrow.