RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PECE-oEOMEGRAM
gth last letter but one of a word to form another word.) sbo is hat figure clad in such attire P whho has he to flash those eyes of fire ? inkt -sined brow P That hasty step P That hair kst' in flrit white masses o'er his chair P do they mean -Dear me! why, don't you know it P He's a poet. ois that awful phantom gliding by ,a. cha frenzied madness in his eye ? With ~ grs tearing through his locks of gold P hiO drawn sword ? That face so stern and cold p do they mean ?-Hist I silence, next detractor I He's an actor. at who that figure passing by this way tperfumes sweet, and dressed in such array P means that weary look, that smothered sigh ? What silk handkerchief applied to eye ? does he seem so sad P-Caa 't you discover P He's a lover. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Coge the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) -Riddlers, of late there first within my breast Arose grave doubts which cause me much unrest. Erewbile upon the point I doubted not, Bat now my brain is racked with doubts, and what To do, or how this puzzling question view Iknoew not, so submit it unto you. And what is it ? Riddlers, you all shall know it- Am I a poet ? The real poet in a garret room Resides, and in its everlasting gloom Inditeth odes, while hunger's well-known ttace Is seen upon his pale and pinchbd face. Ah, mel 1 live not thus. Alas! alack I i(y sanctum is ppon the first-floor back. And hunger? Certes, my visage doesn't show it. Am I a poet ? In golden curls a poet's last should twine; A poet's nose should be of Greek design. But woe is me 1 That which adorns my head in hue is of a most decided red. ly nasal organ's not of Greek design- A common snub adorns this face of mine. Then, riddlers, yea or nay ? I'd like to know it- AmIa poet ? J. WVATT. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 3.-S pring, Spring, beautiful Spring, P leasant days for us you bring; R ing aloud, ye joyful bells, I n praise of Him in heaven who dwells. Now next flowers begin to peep; G od hath let first wake from sleep. F. PHILLIPs, Mottingham. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) t-I have read your pretty verses, read them o'er and o'er again, Till my heart is first familiar with each truly pleasing strain, And for years with "Tourney" singers I have heard your sweet voice blend, So I fain would ask you, Qaeenio, will you let me be your friend? Iave only seen your face, dear, but I've never touched your hand, Still in Fancy's final glades, dear, by your side I often stand; And though miles may stretch between us, love through all things can extend, to I fain would ask this favour, will you let me be your friend? long we've clustered close together, in the bonds of love we're bound, Not a sweeter band of minstrels through the kingdom an be found; Years will find us still unaltered, true and faithful to the end- Tell, oh, tell me, dearest Queenie, will you let me be your friend? MARImo TAYLOn, Birkenhead. 5.-I'm more than one, I think you'll own, When you my primal will have shown; Banded together is that same- You all, no doubt, have heard the name. Transpose me, and I then become What reckoned is as food by some; In various forms it may be seen, Applied in chief to flesh, I ween. Change, then, again; in me behold A second oflicer,-I'm told; Associate, friend, companion, too, Will there stand forth unto your view. And now I'll change once more, and see How mild and calm I then shall be I Opposed to everything that's wild, And just as dooile as a child. J. TaarIzEY. 6,-A tree stood near our garden wall Of monstrous size, exceeding tall- It shut the sun from view ; But first 'twas last down to the ground, The sun our windows quickly found, And made th' old house like new. T. Stonn, 7,-P bile, you "Tourney " riddler bright, How glad I was to see your rhyme! I first your wishes with delight- L onged that they would come true sometime. S, thanks, snext brave and courteous knight. EDITH K. RENDLE. 8,-Thefirst was walking onr the nezt, A man was by its side; He swore. You ask what made him vexed P He could not get astride. J. S. GFFrrcK, Pickering. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same In sound.) 9'-'Twas near one summer evening's close That in a garden fair A maiden plucked a crimson rose, And gave to me to wear. oWear this,'" remarked she, "for my sake, her think the favour slight; The blushing flower I bid you take Is pleasant to the sight. "Wear it till it shall fade away, And then another find To Isrt which when I see, I'll say, 'Thon art of constant mind.'" wore the rose, which withered soon, Andfthen another soonht; But none last like the faded boon, So I a white one bought. Ithonght.that this would please her well, And wore it like a prince s, woe esrne I the harming belle smiled onme since. - -.h .... :"'JW..' TATrRo#Olin iddlesborough.