RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ROTATION CHANGE.
L-Ring out, 0 joyful Christmas bellel peal forth your song in gladness. Bid one and all this festive time to make away with sad. Lass. Ring loud and long the welcome news, letnaught our joy encumber, Once more we are presented with a glorious Triple Number i Ring out, 0 happy Christmas bells ! your song is softly stealing To many a harsh, unhappy heart, true love and warmth revealing. All hail our friends throughout the land, whose friend- ship falters never; All hbail first gallant little band, whose works have flourished ever I Ring out, O merry Christmas bells I ring out your hearty greeting ; Fond love and hope your music tells, our happiness completing. Ring oat, sweet bells! and kindly bear our praise and thanks uniting To Red Lion House, third this their gift, so pleasing and delighting. R'ng out your chime, 0 Christmas bells I! o'er all the earth descending; In seconds warm o'er ice we glide, our voices sweetly blending With one accord in songs of praise, with true substantial reason, For dufinals fade, and friends are made, this merry, jovial season. Ring out, 0 laughing Christmas bells I your quaint notes softly falling O'er h-mnes where dear, loved riddlers dwell, each happy heart enthralling. Ring far and wide the welcome news, let naught our joy encumber, Once more we are presented with a glorious Triple Number I MARIao TAYLOR. Birkenhead. ACROSTICAL H PUZZLE. Cross Words. 2.-E reuse me, riddlers, if I dare essay, V ain though it be, my friends, to puzzle you. E ach riddler hopes to try his skill to-day; R ight well you know I'm ever staunch and true. Y our kind attention, then, to this, my con., S weet friend', and every one should quickly know E ach mystic word. And now, behold, I don A puzzle-cap--in ~uessing don't be slow. S eason of first it is; we next with third O 'er all the ponds a sheet of slippery ice. N ow fourth to see, just like unto a bird, A skater s-imwming o'er with movements nice I B right fifth we see in garlands manifold- L ike scurlet beads shine out the berries gay I E ach pillar of the church we now behold W ith golden hue and seventh festooned to-day. I love my next, it is so soft and warm; S o is my ninth-with that I can't agree. H ow stiff and sturdy is my tenth in form i 'T is hard to break the sprays. But let me see, O ur mistletoe has come. What lovely these 1 A re not they ? It is time, I think, that we L eft off our work. Now, quickly, if you please, L ook well for that receipt. Lost it can't be, F or I can see it lying by that wood. R ead it aloud, it really must be nice. I 'll wreathe the howl with this. Come, next be good, E re it grows dark, and fifteenth in a trice. N ow, where is sixteenth ? Oh, I think it stoodl D own on that shelf. Take this, but don't eat fast. S ophie's as cold as next. Let's have my last. Central Words. Christmas bells are gaily ringing, Tidings glad to all are bringing I For my centrals give a cheer. Then dear ronag Folks will appear. Lorris W., Brighton. BETAGRAM. 8.-Brightly and gladly as ever, though centuries many have faded Since he first camp, with the glittering holly and mistletoe crowned, By old Father Time, on his journey of pleasure and merri- ment, aided, Christmas-our grey-bearded, jolly King Christmas- once more cometh round I Welcome him in, as long ages agone did our fathers before us ; Greet him with pealing of bells to re-echo again and again ; Welcome him in with uplifting of voices and hearts in the chorus- The beautiful chorus of " Peace upon earth, and good- will toward men I" To-day may all strife be forgotten, all wrongs of the buried past righted, Let Yule-tide to ev'ry one bring naught but happiness, joy, and good cheer I May all severed hearts be in love once again and for ever united, And grief and estrangement depart with the silver. haired, dying old year. To.day may old friends meet again in the first of a friendship long broken; To-day may we see the famed second who fought in our " Tourney " of yore, And (in metaphor) "shake hands all round," whilst the season's kind greetings are spoken. And Young Folks rejcices to gather its truants together once more. Then pass round the wassail bowl I Quaff, for the sake of old times we remember; Drink to the good times in store, and to-nightlet mirth unalloyed reign. Raise high the flagon, and drink to the monarch of merry Decem ber, For Christmas-our holly-crowned, famous King Christmas-is here once again I F. R. CouLeson. METAGRAM. 4.-My dear Father Chris, mas, again Thou'rt here despite snow, first, or rain I And thy jovial face will for e'er next a place In the homestead and heart, while we even will trace Thy existence away on the main. Oh, dear Father Christmas, when will Our love for thyself have its fill? Thy sweet answer is, " Ne'er, whilst I lessen your care," Which assertion is not one to make us all stare, When reflect we each one loves thee still. Dear, dear Father Christmas, what joy Thou bring'st to each merry" old boy i" While each laddie and lass feels that naught can surpass The rare pleasure thou giv'st, so we'll raise high the - glass, And give thee a toast, thou cold boy Come. dear Father Christmas. dispel, If thou cannt, each ill face, and make well It, at least for a while, and again let the smile Ease each troubled third. Visit our sister isle, And " tidings of joy" her sons tell. Oh, come, Father Christmas, and let Us thy sanowy locks see-don't forget: For the rime in the street this year we would greet In pref'rence to that tear.like weath' r, the sleet- Not so horribly, awfully wet Now, dear Father Christmas, "good day " Mdust yours truly assuredly say- Yet, stay I forgot, sir-address I do not, sir, A mortal of earth, who is rather more hot, sir- I address Father Christmas, so stay. Stay, dear Father Christmas, indeed, And into each heart drop a seed That shall kindly love yield cn life's ex.ten-sive fl -ld, And thy influence cast, and thy mighty arms wield In the cause of the poor folk of need. T. J. VANDEIvWUP.
ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 5.-Like the white veil that shrouds the trembling fair, And hides her blushes from the curi'us stare, O'er the brown earth a fleecy cloud is spread, Unchanged by thaw, unsoiled by careless tread. But 'tis not so around Lord Harol('s grange, There the broad walks their snowy mantle change, For Yule-tide, with its merry rites, is here, And Harold's board groans 'neath its princely cheer. The guests around the festal board are plao'd; A fairer board no fairer gath'ring grac'd, For beauty adds its charm (and not the least Important attribute to grace the feast). The revels now begin ; huge joints are brought On massy platters by skill'd workmen wrought; Fish, game soon follow, and not least, though last, The king of dishes ends the Yule repast. Borne by two slaves ('twould be fair work for four) It crowns the feast-the primal of a boar. The feasting ended, then the gen'rous vine Adds its rare juice in rich and sparkling wine ; Each guest now sings some song of love or war. Of combat fought, or battle-ground afar. The mirth continues far into the night, And only ceases with the coming light. Thus Christmas Day is passed, and quiet reigns Throughout L 'rd Harold's fair and broad domains. Cross Words. It decks the walls, and with its berries gay Adds to the pleasure of a Christmas Day. On next at Christmas peace victorious reigns, And discontent is bound with mirthful chains. They sung of happiness, and love, and joy, And heralded os earth the heaven.sent boy. The merry next adds to the gen'ral mirth At Christmas time o'er half the joyous earth. AGRIPPA. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 6 --Christmas greetings do I sing, Loving n'essages I bring; To friends at home and friends away I show my motto, song, or lay. I',m sometimes large and sometimes small, And gain a welcome warm from all. Cross Words. A little vessel; place for next A work on Hebrew Scripture text. Any business or transaction; Next to first-of time a fraction. AMY BOEaIPEn, Shorncliffe.
7.-REBUS. '1 (1ýýep W J. SAUMA, Lambeth.
DECAPITATION. S.-Hurrab l bere's the season I Come, let us be jolly, F,,r jovial King C "ristmas expects us to cheer. So bank high the Ynle log, and bang up the holly- A tight merry Christmas to all the so ks here l Come, laddies and lasses, we'll sit in a party, The snow lieth thick and the weather is chill; Though all ron d is snntgish, yet Boreas blows hearty- But out let him blow his good luck and goodwill I Now, come. Master Johnny, the snapdragon's blazing; Come, pop in your fingers, the fun's now in swing, And -rinmas of pleasure the old game is raising ; Shrill peals of loud laughter now happily .ing I Hurrah for the season ! Oh. fie ! naughty Polly, Thilt sweetheart of yours is a forward young bean. The lext of your sweetner s the rogue thinket h jolly, Since catching you, miss, 'neath the pale mistletoe. THE ONLY JONEs. METAGRAM. 9.-Merry, merry Christmas.time I Brightness more than ever bright ; Heavy hearts a while are light. Gladness spreads o'er ev'ry clime- Happy, joyous Christmas-time I Christmas I Ah, me I we are jolly- We are mirthsome, happy, glad I Blazing logs, lights, laurel, holly, Foster gay thoughts, banish sad. Merry chatter, eager voices Planning skating-will it snow ? Shouts of laughter fell w after Sister Kate, whom cousin Joyce is Ki-seug 'neath the mistletoe. Blind-man's-buff with cranddad playing, Groping, swaying, gaily saying That he feels a boy again; Games of " forfeits," ripp'es or fits, Peals of laughter in refrain. Nuts are wanting crackers-guepses- (" Give it up!" says Tom. " Why, yes, sis." " Crack them ?"-Tom Miss Lou addresses, And, of course, she acquiesces I)- Cake and wine, good cheer in plenty. Then first kissing (in the ring)- "Pretty cousins-kisses ?" Dozens -- Brother Tom is asked to sing (Tom is bashful, big, and twenty, And he blushes like a girl !). Now there's dancing, Tom is prancing Awkwardly, the fun enhancing, While the dancers round him whirl I Too, too soon the party's breaking; Clocks, somehow, unbidden, chime! Hands we're shaking, slow leave taking, What a merry Christmas.time I Is the merry Christmas.time Felt by those whose lives are sadness, In dark places shunned by gladness, Cheerless lasts of smoke and grime P Yes, yes I Christmas glad is here, Penetrating e'en this drear, Dank, and chilly atmosphere I Chilled hearts beat to quicker time. They whose road's a weary climb Noew hope better days are near; Gaining courage, taking cheer To 'wait a brighter Christmas.time I! W. J. SHacMxig. ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 10.-A ttend, all ye knights of the Tournament gay, M y turn 'tis to tilt in this glorious fray. Y e versatile heroes, of foes ne'er afraid, BI efore this vast concourse of Young Folks arrayed, O uce more Father Christmas before you all bows, E ach spirit of primal and wit to arouse. H is festival we do our best to maintain, M ake sorrowing hearts all be joyful again. E ach youngster will watch the rare dainties grow fast- R are dainties, it may be, well seasoned with lgst. Par.b,
DOUBLE ABITHIMOREM. Foundation Words. 11.-Aunt Selina gave a party on the first of each New Year; And imagine how each juvenile delighted When the festive season drew very near, and when they knew The old lady had not left them uninvited I How their little bosoms rose if they were slighted I! What joy when welcome primals they had sighted I How they chatterl what a clatter, and a patter, patter, patter Of the many little fairies so excited ! So enchanting are the maidens with their bright and artle's ways, And how willingly their cavaliers surrender !- Captives by the bow and spear of each winsome little dear, Fearing otherwise, of course, it might offend her: Each thinking of the finals he shall send her, With glances full of admiration tender. From the flurry and the scurry, and the hurry, hurry, hurry, Each lassie seeks a laddie to defend her. Cross Words. 150 and aor Found in the ocean is ; 551 ,, ahog Title in Spain; 55 ,, oveer Curtailed, in motion is; 252 ,, e Freezing, it's plain; 200 ,, sensuse May you this ever wiu; 1,001 ,, thetos Goddess of old; 1,000 ,, ffu Hands put together in; 50 ,, faoo Distant and cold; 5 ,, gaesa Forest oft in it he; 1,001 ,, bert Born of the trees; 1 ,, barb Jewish divinity; 1 ,, nartente Meaning to please. Hark to the fiddlers I Dancing is on; Now, gentle readers, 501 ,, negn This to my con. L. HAMILTON. CHA' ADE. 12.-High in the starry vault my first is seen, And in the ocean's depths, in every clime, In woods and meadows, 'mongst the leaves of green, And e'en the laundress has me for a time. My next the mussel and the goat adorn, Yoe may second the lion in his den; But I without it seem of treasure shorn, Indeed, an oyster's that much richer then. My whole's a terrible and cruel myth, That oft has made our hair to stand on end, Whilst list'uing to the crimes connected with 'the fate of those who thought he was their friend. ltoaRTUs.
13.--I was an incurably mournful man, And was widely known as such. In vain d d his friends invent a p'an To relea-e him from mistry's clutch. His sackcloth and ashes he oft would don To enjoy a few sighs and groans; And, as I remarked in a previous con., This gentleman's name was Jones. Yes, many bright plans did his friends invent To win him from sorrow and pain; For this purpose a week with him once they spent (His surname was Jones), but in vain ; They punned and joked, but no good did they reap, But he shocked those merry elves By saying their conduct but made him weep, For they made such fools of themselves I They decamped, all but one, who persevered In spite of this sharp rebuff ; For he felt that now Christmas swiftly neared His task would be easy enough. "For," argued his friend, " throughout the land O:d Christmas joy doth proclaim : His softening influence who can withstand ?" (And Jones was our primal's name.) 'Twas thus that he ar-ued to Jones one day, And with many slydigs in the side, He added, " At Christmas lule surely be gay I" But Jones second moaned and cried, And answered, "Yule, with its wassail and wine, Its puddings, and Christmas cheer, I freely admit is pleasant and fine, But-it only comes once a year I" G. TaoY. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 14.-When Christmas time is drawing near, The time when all are blithe and gay, We hail with glee the primals dear, And hearken unto robin's lay. Cross Words. Now all of us meet here once more To drink a good first to each one Of the next knights, "true to the core," And the tilting they've nobly done. So now let us give a loud cheer, And pile the last logs on the fire. And wish all a " happy New Year," And give a fourth third to our sire. MIULTUM IN PARYO. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 15.-Happy, merry hearts in youthful breasts, Joyous, blithesome hearts 'neath manly vests, Light and bounding hearts of maidens dear- The e exist when jolly primal's here. Cross Words. 1,151 and sea Pretty flower ; 600 ,, behaea Racking pain; 101 ,, hers Welcome dower; 502 ,, an O'er the main; 1,503 ,, lose ~Hardly ever; 1,502 ,, t Bashful, shy; 1,001 ,, res Happy never; 501 ,, ra Parched and dry; 1,000 ,, kose Exhalation' 1,000 ,, arkurn Fond of ale; 106 ,, antooa Occnpat;on; 100 ,~ woye Bright or pale. BAuErTr DE BEAR. DECAPITATION. 16.-" 1 am the victor I" cried the knight, "And that I'll quickly first!" He pulled the trigger, but, alas I The faithless pistol burst. His charger dead, himkelf compelled To next from shore to shore, He'll wreak his vengeance on his foes, And fight till life be o'er. A. R. VIzARD.
ACROSTICAL METAGRAM. 17.-H ere's to Christmas a welcome I A cheer for Young Folks! In glee let us tell some ti oud mirth-stirring jokes t T ake hands in a party, O pe hearts to the glee, Y ea, sing free and hearty O f Christmas and me ! U nsbaken, unswerving, N ail fast your belief, G ive a prompt and deserving F irst place to roast beef I O h, shout in a chorus- L et next every noise. K ind mothers may bore us, 8 ay, "Stop, you bad boys 1" A nd why P Mayn't we clatter N ow Christmas is here, D o speeches, and chatter I n tones full and clear ? T wine the ivy, enwreathing 8 ly, Queen Mistletoe, A nd to holly bequeathing B est place In the show. L ong pendants of laurel Entangle in chains. E vergreen will not quarrel, D isposed round the panes, I n fleetness as final T ime speedily flies. 0 f blessings you've mine all : B oast beef, pudding, pies I Noz NAIME. METAGRAMS. 18.-Draw up your chairs, and let us sit around the cheer. ful b.aze, For Christmas brings, in very sooth, the chilliest of days. The snow is falling, and the rime is on the wiudow.paue, While bells peal loud to welcome Santa Claus to eathb again. N, w, to our games and revelry a while we'll say adieu! And pass our happy leisure in devising pleasures new. Let's tell a tale. Now, merry lads anld lasses, who says " Yes P" Enough I enough I an answer meet your beaming eyes express. I'll tell the tale, but leave the choice of subj Oct all to you ; I know you'll think of something good-young people mostly do I Shall it be of the doings of some knights, or sprites, or elves? Old grand.first leaves the style desired entirely to your- selves. Or shall it be of good deeds done by tiny children's hands? Or of two kindred hearts bound in affection's golden bands, That ache 1 and pined, or beat with joy, one bygone Christ-. may Day ? What shall it be about ? It just remains for you to say Why, here's mamma I Now, come on, little people, one and all ! She says snapdragon's ready, and we must obey the call. Let's leave the second for a while, and revel in the fun, And then I'll tell my wondrous tale to you when we I are d ine. J. P. HARRINGTON. 19.-Come, dreamers all, wake from your slumber, Greet this glorious Triple Nnumber Bronghr by Father Ch- istmas hoary, Rich in song, romance, and story. Here Lnights of modern chivalry Contend in riddling rivulry, And ladies fair do ornament Our I oung Folks far.-amed " Tournament." Fit adjunct to the Chri tmas season, The flow of soil, the feast of teason, The quip, the crank, the con., the poem, By atlhors smart (how much we owe 'em), Combine to form a first so pleasant, 'Twill welcomed be by peer and peasant; 'Twill cheer the mournful, p'ease the hearty, This tiltbit of our Christmas p ,rty. So, Young Folks all, your thanks record To one who well deserves reward, And let this be our happy chorus: " Long may our Ed. live to reign o'er us I" Now all togethur give a cheer, Next him God speed, and a happy New Year! SPOTSTROKE, Glasgow. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 20.-Dear Editor, please take my arithmorem: I greet my friends, and bring it forth before 'em. Primals and finals they will fuhl--why not ? - Two well-known novels by Sir Walter Scott. Cross Words. 151 and roont Drunken jester this, Shakespearian; 550 ,, anhe Sweet musician, known to fame; 1,550 ,, ream Here's a precions stone, a dear one; 1,050 ,, sysua This a lovely flow'r will name; 6 , rouana Once a mighty battle fought hre; 1,050 ,, brute This a drinking vessel shows; 551 ,, tenon What means lazy we have brought here; 1 ,, asqasu Eighth a tree will now disclose; 157 ,, nu This means rude. Oh, never be so; 102 ,, stotan Tenth an island-you can seeso ; 1,500 ,, trauber A famous artist, mind your wits don't slumber; 50 ,, rayey Comes Christmas last, and brings the Triple Number. DIANA. NUMERICAL CHARADE. Foundation Word. 21.-A seaport town of great renown My whole will bring to view; The answer find, you riddlers kind, Who've nothing else to do. Cross Words. 3, 2, 6 Flies to the head , 8,6 A kind of shed; 10, 8, 4 In this you live; 4, 2, 7, 9, 10 Much pain does give; 5,4,7,8,3 A river trace; 6, 2, 8, 9,10 Part of the face. My con, is done; I think I've won At last a riddler's fame. "We've quite enough of that poor stuff," Says Ed.; "you're getting tame." J. G. BOOMFaIELD. DECAPITATION. 22.-All hailto last old win'er king, Old Father Christmas! Loudly ring The joyous bells, and poets string The tuneful lyre i Sweet music let your voices sing, And never tire. Let joy o'erthrow that treaoh'rons foe, Dull melancholy. Even though It's taken root, don't let it grow In first hearts more. And now I've finished and will go, So, a resvoir l ARCnCEa B. A DDAOUTH AT A anamr
Foundation Word. 2S.-A I1 hail the t;me of peace and joy- C hristmas, with its load of bliss I H ow opportune a time for me, B iddling bards, to wish you this I Cross Words. I nstance, example, bring to your view; S nitable, proper, justice will do; T urn to the kitchen this to detect; M oney it maketh, please, recollect; A rrorant, haughty, lofty, and vain; S laughter, destruction, fully explain; T race it before you now on this sheet; B evenne, profit, here you will meet; E xamination, effort; and test; Even, however, here is expressed. - F. WaaLGS.