PDLD TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRIOG RAM. Sthe irst threo letters o t w ord to form another Word,
hat, ne ar 'eard o' Tom an' Nancy, Who lived in Lambeth time ago ? Why, bless my eyes, to think, ist fancy, Ter don't that blessed story know I Well, Nancy was a girl so pretty, A smile for all 'ad Nancy Jones, Sich andsome ways an' talk so witty; 'Er father'e bought rags an' bones. young Tom 'e worked upon the water, A steady, sober chap was 'e; gEd fell in love wi' Jones's daughter, An' jist as fond of 'im was she. Tom worked an' waited ser a year, sir, Until 'e'd raised a tidy pile, An' then'e went wi' little fear, sir, To Jones, who soon 'is 'opes did spile. a Yer want my child ?" said 'e. "'Tis cheek, sir. She'll never 'ave the likes o' you, For cert'inly within a week, sir, I'll make 'er 'ave young Bob Carew." Tom lef' the 'ouse quite broken-'earted, An' 'ard'e q'ickly tuk to drink; An' soon from this bad world departed- 'E tumbled off 'is barge, we think. When Nancy 'eard that 'e was dead, sir ('Is body theu'ad come ashore), 'Er father 'ard, from 'im she fled, sir, Au' vowed that she'd go back no more. An' when the moon was brightly shinin', She wandered to the river's side, An' then, pore thing, quite tired o' pinin', She jumped in 'ere, an' quietly died. Ste shortly after that was foun', sir (O'er this I've often piped my eye). Icoald show yer the very groun', sir, But, bless yer 'eart, I'm orful dry. J. STOCrs. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. go the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- prassed in the narrative.) What's life," asked a gloomy and faint-hearted mlan- What's life, but a jargle and jumble hand tribulation, and passing elation, grieving, and sorrow, and all that we borrow, ith biting and baiting, and fearing and hating, madden, embitter, and make up a litter- lace in which rougher we grow as we suffer; time of loud iutlking, of walking and baulking P re but mere flies, and the world is the pan, ad'tis when we get 'fried' that we grumble !" ot's that which yer said ?" cried a happy-faced typo f the workaday "merry and tumble." er beats'igh creation for low desperation. r grievin' and sorrer's too silly, begorra I r meetin' and matin' with trubble that's waitin' sadden, embitter-yer pluck should be ' gritter;' dif yer grow rougher, yer miserable duffer, ough gramblin' and talkin', and walkin' and baulkin', deserve to be 'frizzled' a bit till yer ripe, o make yer more thankful and 'umble." nsensical trash I" yelled the gloomy one, hurt, 'Life is sin; 'tis the way of the world; process of winning, of losing and sinning, enotonous working, of shirking and smirking, living and wedding, and bitter tear-shedding, sighing and lying, and selling and buying, period of sleeping, of reaping and weeping, ith much of bereaving, and little reprieving; man by his fellows is treated as dirt, And roundabout anyhow hurled." h I sentimental I" the other one cried ad his mouth slowly upwards was curled. No doubt ye've been winniu', and losin' and sinnin'- ery likely; but workin', 'cept when it is shirkin', ill stop yer tear.sheddin' ; an' as for yer weddin', ere's allus some sighin', and young un's a.cryin', d surely yer weepin' is sometimes in keepin' ith any bereavin', but don't allus be grievin'- re's many a blessing afloat on life's tide, So catch 'em ere past you they're whirled." so thought the gloomy one after awhile, And then came a time of hand-shaking, en friendship declaring, with mutual forbearing, de firm their alliance of lofty defiance :trouble's carouses, and all ' half-way houses' at open their portals to woe-seeking mortals, solved that their greeting should change not at meeting ys, griefs, tribulations, and all their relations; whilst they had power of contortion to smile, hey'd laugh in life's giving and taking. V. D). TAYLOIR AND JO-KINo. BETAGRAM. Chaingee the seona letter of a word to form aulother wor'J.) 3,-Once again I have been thinking Of that fellow in the moon, And I've hopes that I shall come to Some correct conclusion soon; But before I further venture, I assert, all undismayed, That the instrument he uses Is undoubtedly a spade, Im indebted to Ca Ira For his primal of a rake, And with bua some slight restrictions, His suggestion I will take; see no sufficient reason (If he carries on a trade With the " rakers,") why the fellow Has not both a rake and spade. If Ca Ira thinks it needful, I'll go o'er my work again, The conclusions I have come to After years of doubt and pain; And I think he'll be cdnvincid When my reasons I've displayed, That the instrument he uses Is undoubtedly a spade. From recent observations, MIade in my eccentric way, I have thought a rake required, Larger than men mse for hay. Yes, no doubt he'll find it needful On that far-off lunar shore, To accumulate the moonbeams When his evening's work is o'er. Know that upon yon satellite I've lavished years of tme, And now run o'er with knowledge About that mystorious clime. Here I fail. O mighty final, Send your great men to my aid; Ask them, ask them can the tell me Where that'fellow got the spade. PATICIIK I., Belfast. CONUNDHUIM, 'Wat is the differcnco between the lady .princip·l - -.uls' school and a manswho arrives too late at his Me~no I, L~rinoi,n.
DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the two central letters of a word to form another word.) 5.-She's charmingly pretty, Delightfully witty, And sweetly affectionate, too; She loves the romantic, But is not pedantic, Although she's as clever as you. At soirde or party She's jolly and hearty, Yet modest as maiden can be; She shuns affectation, And wins admiration From all, she's so frank and so free. She is not dogmatic, Although she's emphatic, Defending whatever is right; Her guide is her reason, And to her 'tis treason To think of opposing "the light." Her tastes are artistic, Her first's optimistic, Her temper is always serene; And early each morning, Snow, wind, and rain scorning, She out in the park may be seen. She's far from unhealthy, Although she is wealthy, And moves 'mong the " uppermost ten;" She keeps silks and laces Within their own places, And dreams not of pleasing the men. Her brain is so active That study's attractive, And books in her boudoir abound; But, though she's perfection In every direction, Nowhere is this last to be found! PHILO, Glasgow. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 6.--You'll say that she is naughty, but I think Her naughtiness is only girlish fun; But, still, that fun may bring her to the brink Of much unhappiness, and I would shun The little darling if I thought that she To be my primal ever had aspired, And from my heart would quickly banished be The love her face and form had erst inspired. Cross Words. On the shore the waves are breaking, Gentle ocean-music making; Silver first their crests is tipping, Ever rising, ever dipping. Voyage over, Jack's come home, lBoon, howe'er, again to roam; " Cheer up, next," to Sue he's saying, O'er his face a bright smile playing. On the third the skates are ringing, Keeping time to merry singing g; Spirits high with joy we tingle, As among the crowd we mingle. "Truantipg our Jack's been, dad; You must stop him, he's too bad." " Here, you loutrth, I'll have to beat you. Don't do it more, I must entreat you." If your cons, are oft rejected, Don't be cast down or dejected; Rouse your spirits, last, and then Show that you are Englishmen. R. L. JEFFERSON AND DROFFO. Foundation Words. 7.-With anxious eye and eager glance we scan dear primal's page, And view the efforts of the knights who in this strife engage; Its stories good and verses bright pass many hours away. "Hurrah, hurrah, for primals!" join with me, dear knights, and say. Cross Words. Starting on the cruise of life, Anxious, ready for its strife. Let this word your motto be; Never lose your energy. If you're losing, join your strength, Then you're bound to win at length. What you have to do, I pray, Do it ourth-don't let it stay. Open-hearted, e'er forgiving, Thinking harm of no one living. Brainless, senseless, foolish too, Not resembling one of you. I've no sentimnnt, I fear, Yet I often cause a tear. Gentle passion, we obey All the dictates of thy sway. Hopping, hopping, ever hopping, Shall we ever see him stopping P Hearty, bluff old England's pride, Never wanting, often tried. Diorwo, London. Foundation Word. 8.-Dread instrument, to thee I dedicate This offering of my regard for you; The sounds which you produce 'tis oft my fate For many an hour, alas I to listen to. Without you, German bands could not exist, And we should never hear their " melody." I fancy, though, " they never would be missed," At least, their loss would ne'er be felt by me. Cross Words. A cup of first, with sugar sweet, I always think a perfect treat. Angry word my next may mean, Yet but a garden fence is seen. I am but a unit, so To many figures I can't go. Oft she is a damsel pretty, The subject of a lover's ditty. In colder regions than these I live-and help yosur blood to freeze! Where the sounds of music grand Emanate-you understand? You like to hit this on the head, But not your own, let it be said. Naught escapes me by a chance; I ever have an eagle glance. A. AMBERLEY AND R. L. JEFFERSON. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changedl to form another word.) 9.-Brave knights and you, first ladies all, I come from down below, From King Mephisto's fiery hall, Where zephyrs never blow. So, hearing of the "Tourney" wars, I last would come up now, because I've been too long below. Lord le iMable is my friend, He comes from down below; And Nellie Watson had to bend At Hades' entrance low. Clearchos, V. D). Taylor, too, Are iknown to demons not a few- They've both bonu down below. 'Rosiw HooD
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another weort.) 10.-There are thousands of hands in this big world of ours, So tiny, and clinging, and fair, Which flutter about 'mid the blossoming flowers, 8o soft, and so pretty, and rare. The little pink fiugers are twined round our own In confidence pleasant to see. But though the most beautiful hands J have known, There is only one pair for me. There are scores of bright eyes wherever we turn- The blue ones, the brown, and the grey; With love and with pleasure they spaikle and burn, Growing deeper with mischief each day. But yet there's one first which I love to admire, And they are as blue as can be; No others, though beautiful, do I desire, They're the only big, bright eyes for me. There are thousands of babies in this world of ours And each is endowed with sweet grace; In the home, one fair treasure, as last as spring flowers, Is baby's round, small, dimpled face. Each dear little cherub is brimful of fun, So happy, light-hearted and free, But though they are innocent-yes, every one- There's only one baby for me. Rare jewels, and treasures, and riches abound Of fabulous, unmentioned worth, And wonderful relics may always be found 'Mong ladies and lords of high birth; But if the grand splendour that's often displayed, And all the world's riches, were free, I'd give them all up for one dear little maid, The one cherished treasure for me. NELLIE WATsON, Cheshunt. 11.-.O0 riddling bards, I've called again To chant a pretty little lay, Which I composed- "The youth's insane," I thought I heard a riddler say. Yes, knights and maids, I've called to sing About a frst, who swore he'd wed The fair Maud Smith- " Won't someone fling A brickbat at the fellow's head ?" Now, riddlers all, pray give me peace. You know, I really can't proceed Unless these interruptions cease; Disturbances they tend to breed. This youth (his name was Gus Fitzbear) Sat down to write an ode about Maud's eyes of blue, her golden hair, Her rosebud last, her ears-- " Get out I" LONG SNOWSenoE, Batllgate. (After IV. S. Gilbert.) 12.-First you want a receipt for that popular mystery Known to the world as a " riddling coon," Take persons well-known in the" Tournament's " history: Rattle them off to a popular tune. Talented Queenio who riddles so prettily, Genius of Jo-King devising a pun; Gow and S. Franklin who riddle so wittily, Philo and Drenon-paladins last fun; The comical couple who hail from the Zuyder Zee, Pepper and pickle, and dry in the sun; Boil them together, and take off the scum, And a "' Tournament' coon" is the residu.-um! A. DIcesoN, Liverpool. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 13.-Summer, with her rose-wreaths faded, Now has joined the shadowy train- Joined the ghosts of buried seasons Which can never come again; How the trees sighed when they saw her Pass them by with drooping head I And the fragile flowers trembled When they heard her faltering tread. As she neared the land of shadows From her eyes the tear.drops fell, And the birdies' songs were silenced When she breathed her last farewell. Bright.eyed Autumn came advancing Gaily o'er the ripened wheat, Stately cornflowers bowed before her, Poppies blushed around her feet. 'Neath the boughs with ripe fruit laden, Blithesomely she took her way, But the winds sighed, "Sunny Autumn, Thine is but a short-lived stay." LILIAN DOUGLAS, London. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAKt. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.) 14.-Good friend, I take your righteous ire In all good part, as knowing Your generous soul was set on fire Because your words were glowing; But do not say that red is blue, Or call plain-speaking treason; If passion runs away with you, Don't run away from reason. You smoke your pipe, you speak your mind, You sneer at all things funny, And close your eyes to make them blind To everything but money; And rhyming in your sacred eyes You thrust aside as mulish, And think, because you're worldly wise, That I am worldly foolish. I live away from riot and row, Just far enough to mock it; You live in town, and practise how To pick the public's pocket. My share of life is bosses' frowns, Your share of life is grumbling; I rise above my ups and downs, But you indulge in stumbling. And now, good friend, I'll say good day, And leave the rest to rumour- Not that I have no more to say, But 'cause I'm in the humour. But, pray, when reading rhyming laws, Be careful how you hand them, And don't get calling names because You cannot understand them. H. A. TAYLOR. DUAGRAM. (ChaRge the first two letters of a word to form'another word.) (To R. R.) 15.--Dear friend, do you think of the suns that have shone In the years of our childhood's first mating, When friends were so many, and enemies none, And life was a joy unabating ?' Do you ever look first with a tender regret, With a delicate sigh as you number The innocent pleasures and happiness met Ere we woke from our bright boyhood's slumber? And have you not thought, with a tremor of pride, Of the dare-devil freaks in our ranibles 'Neath the bluest of skies and the sunniest tide Of sunshine, among the wood's brambles ' And, oh, do you smilewith a calm, saddened mion, As you neIt at the "ever fat bone," And think of the day which we made evergreen By scribbling our names on the stone MYany times have I passed by the old hunting-place That Time, with his changes, hMs althted, But. still our initials that naaght cani effaCe Remain where we-lingered and faltezed. Oh,friend, its the world dealt too harshly with you, Or kindly, as you have grown older? And is your hope strong, and as hangeless and trite As our metnmoried namnes on the bouldeo ? V, D, TlvwaO, Warrington.
NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. . (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 16.-'Tis a beautiful volume; 'tis bound up in green, The pleasantest volume that ever was seen; A treasure it is unto all who behold, ABd I value it more than its own weight in gold. You have only to look in this exquisite book, You will value it more as the deeper you look; There are wonderful stories, most exquisite songs Of knights who are righting their heroines' wrongs. 'Tie a marvel of cheapness-four shillings, you see, Will purchase the volume wherever you be. Apply at the office in Red Lion Court, For there's no other book which so cheap on be bought Containing the knowledge and wisdom of men, The verses of fancy from poesy's pen; The wit and the jokes are like sauce to a meal, And the gravest of pages true wisdom reveal. 'Tie a book that is formed for the young and the old, 'Tis a book that I deem should be rapidly sold. Wherever you see it in city or town, Recommend it to friends for the sum of a crown ; To be read by the hearth in the cottage or home, Young Folks is the paper, superlative tome. There are poets and writers of palpable skill; You observe in " Olympic " a critic that will Do his best for the pensman in judging his toil Produced in the midnight when burning the oil Of the poet's or author's most delicate cruse; I am sure.this alone is of value and use. The columns of riddles are novel, 'tis true, And thanks to the Editor surely are due, Who will answer all letters and give you advice ; This virtue alone you would think would suffice To show you the value of printing, I ween, In as useful a volume as ever was seen. LUCCEIUS CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another wora.) 17.-There stood within a leafy glade A noble oak, beneath whose shade I met my last, my heart's best queen, A rustic maid; I stood beneath the foliage green, Holding her hand, and glad to see The lovelight dancing in her eyes Gazing at me in mild surprise. Memory brings again to me That dear old tree. A year has passed-how time does fly I She stands beneath the branches high, Another primal by her side- It is not I I Gazing at her with manly pride lHe stands, a sailor bronzed, and she Lists to his ardent plea of love While standing in that leafy grove, And never gives a thought to me Beneath that tree. Another lapse; again I stand Within that shady forest-land; The scene like canvas painted on By master hand. The old familiar tree is gone, Cut down, and where it used to be Lie leaves and branches, withered, dead- Just like my heart when love had fled. Nothing can bring again to me That trysting-tree. ROBERT LE DIABLE. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-She was a candidate for women's rights, But yet she was not formidable looking; She was not one of those who e'er delights In all the little faults of men rebuking; She never scorned, but always gave their dus; She never sought their virtues to disparage; And, I will give it in a single word, The right she claimed was women's right of marriage. She was a candidate for women's rights, But yet she never spoke at such a meeting ; She never spent her time in wordy fights, The nonsense of the usual kind repeating; She wore no spectacles upon her nose, And never moved about with look complaining; But the true right of women that she chose Was mistress of her own first kingdom reigning. She was a candidate for women's rights, And, strange to say, was pretty and attractive; But never lectured us from learning's heights, About the world and last its ways defective; Ah, no; she did her very best to make The world the better, brighter for her living; She lifted burdens for the bearer's sake, True sympathy and kindly comfort giving. So, all ye candidates for women's rights, Discard your quite unreasonable notions; Give up your very wild, fantastic flights, That cause such hurry-scurries and commotions. Each in the world's ranks her true place may find, And be the benefactor of the nation, Winning from the right.hearted of mankind Their love, and sympathy, and admiration. IvANHroE, Belfast. ARITHMOREM. (An aorostio. Thaletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in Ilares.) Foundation Word. 19.--PIimals read rightly, I venture to say, Shows you a con. that appears here to.day. Cross Words. 151 and ea A Christian name; 601 ,, rahr Well, just the same; 551 ,, o A godless god; 150 ,, kaet On fishing.rod; 1,000 ,, reho Of Greek renown; 2,061 ,, see Part of this town; 500 ,, seoas In Russia find; 1,051 ,, err One of my kind; 56 ,, e This is not right; 1,100 ,, arahs A " Tourney" knight. E. GEORGE, London.