RIDDLE TOU NAMENTj C~ENTRA~CHANGE.
(unausRA the nentral letter of a word to form aGu:ssc 1.-I-m one of those fellows who love to believe w) In all'the " tall " stories which fasten attentio VWhenever our Daily Express we receive. At times, when the paper no news has to mention, -I listen to first, with unparalleled glee, ention Of wonderful comets which shoot through the heae And chuckle with joy when a "mad bull" I se s eaven Has knocked twenty shops into ' sixes and sevens:, None neat such delight in that gooseberry bush Which boasts a fine berry as big as a mountain; "I've panted to catch just a glunmpe of the thrust Who's built his warm nest in the inouth of a fountn I've trembled with bliss when I've heard of a floowere' Grown forth from a saucepan or frying.pan spaciou;. I've gloated o'er fish tales of wonderful power, And thought every passage within them veracious, But one thing I cannot-I will not-believe .The sea-serpent, friends, is the " bird " I refer to 'No writing or talking will make me conceive The fact of his living, and 'twould be absurd to. A fish ten miles long-eating vessels like beef I Why, how do they think I can take in the notion p No, hangit 1 I'll stick to my schoolboy belief, And bow to the whale as our king of the ocean. F. G. WEns, Souatwark, DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. (The two central letters of a word are changed to form arother word). 2.-There dwells in close proximity to where I now reside, A maid of finest symmetry that ever I espied She really is enrapturing, her face is nigh divine, And lately she's been capturing this throbbing heart o- mine. She dresses up so Charmingly in robes of varied i'ne, My heart it beats alarmingly each time this mal : : u 4ws She smiles at me so steadily, and if to her I speake She answers me so readily, and calls me naught but "Cheek Ia clme ..b My love in its intensity grows primal day by day- So monstrous its immensity, I'm lost beneath its sway; And if I, calculatingly, think mine she'll ever be, My love grows unabatingly, till it o'erpowers me. I'll ask her conscientiously if she my life will bless; And if she unpretentiously says either "No " or " Yes," I'll tell you in the "Tournament," no second wtut you think. Good ftnals are an ornament-- Therel therel I've spilt my ink I T. Brosa. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostio. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerali expressed in ngures.) Foundation Word. 3.-Proliflo traveller, mighty is thy power To change from dark to light the present hour; A kindly friend, to fill our lives with joy, And lead us into groves of perfect bliss; A stubborn foe, our sunshine to destroy, While mystic voices round us harshly hiss; Yet we ourselves may rule thee if we will. But man is weak, and thou, with matchless skill, Can waft him from the earth to heaven above-- Can fill his heart with poignant hate or love. Cross Words. 50 and erobut Sorrow, care, and sadness; 52 ,, trahy Merriment and gladness; 10o ,; neoa 'Tis of great extension; 157 , nu Very imp,.lite; 50 ,, rogy Brightest reputation; 1,500 , atesohe Place of habitation; 50 ,, atten This is, I may mention, Found in maid and knight. MARImo L. TAYLr., Birkenbeade CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 4.-With witty Adcook coming back, And Coulhon on the starboard tack, With standard waving-time-worn rag- The good old ship should never flag. The ld.'s strong hand upon the helm, No weather first should overwhelm The stout ship that, with sails unfurled, Has braved for years the puzzle world. Buk if by chance a wave comes smack, And sends the old hulk reeling back, We'll man the sturdy lifeboat then With all our best and strongest men, And hasten to the grand old ship That's had some slips 'twixt cup and lip; And soon shall see her right again, And sailing grandly o'er the main. Shiver my timbers I how she sails It puzzles me, before such gales; But when she finds she's in a squall, She claps on topsails, reefs and all; All hands come tumbling on the deck, No man requires a call or beck. And after all the last and rain, She sails as calmly on again. T. CARP3.cTE5, 5,-To see firts of madhinery oft I have been At an auction or sale; A newt of some building, too, there I have seen: At this con. do not rail. G. A. JoOEs. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the central letters of other worts, Foundation Words. 6.-D ear to ev'ry " Tourney" riddler, E ver pleasant, just, and fair, M aking all around him happy, Always praising works of care; N ever harsh to striving tyros, C almly judging, there carrectmg, H ere uelet:ig words redundant, E ,..h and all with skill inspecting.. S inl, siug, riddlers, then, the praises of my whol), (ross Words. On me those vulgar decimals disport, For ever requiring just one more naught. Along the country roads we go, you'll find; Though always at rest, we in and out wind. In ev'ry time and ev'ry age, I ween, A Visitor welcome I have been. Across the " silver streak," on Gaul's fair horse, Imeasure of inches about two score. I take my stand on ev'ry mount and hill- A noted place in lists I also fill. Now, solvers, I think I'll 114 away. Look out for the answer next Saturday. CENTRALt DELETION. (Drop'alette friom the centre of a word to form another.), 7.--I'm sitting here alone and sad, And nearly broken is next heart, For in the Young Folks " Riddle T." I feel I cannot take a part. Ire-sat nd ti6hought till thounghts won't conoms, In hopes that IFrst write a con.; S.. tay now-I have uti *Dash.it all S I'i "jack it up." .The thought is gone . . - , - , . , -ms - . = - - -
NABJATIrVE TRANSP OSITIONS. ie lelters of a word are transposed,n a and form another word in .A,- lurid glow lights up the evening sky, A million sparks, untrammelled, heavenward fly; A deep, hoarse roar comes thundering on the ear, And every cheek is blanched and pale with fear. The loud clang, clang of the alarum bell Be-echoes loudly over dale and dell, ALd wakes in depths of-gloomy forest near The gentle hare and startled, timid deer, The cunning fox, and songsters of the grove, Who to and fro in wild confusion rove; The frightened owl goes blundering on his way, In wonder at this change from night to day; The nimble squirrel springs from tree to tree, In elfish wonderment and mingled glee. Still holds the fire-king his unconquered rule- In vain they try his fiery rage to cool: He laughs and grins in hideous mockery, For well he knows their efforts vain will be; And with fierce joy be leaps up higher, higher, As though to heaven itself he would aspire. Still, 'midst it all, the tough, old, time-worn bell Strikes on the air its dread yet warning knell. The burning building stands out clear and red Against the pall of smoke that looms o'erhead; While swiftly o'er each scorching, hissing beam The waters like bright silver cascades stream, To upward fly in mingled steam and spray Before the fire-king's devastating way, Until at last, with sullen, booming roar, The hungry flames into the belfry pour; Around bell, beam, and chain they curl and lap, Until the heated links uncoil and snap; Then through the crackling beams it madly bore And fell below in fragments on the floor. No longer now its dreaded warning rings- Its iron tongue no longer succour brings. The mourning wind, as if by sorrow led, New sweeps repentant ashes o'er its head; And where the stately building stood before, Now naught is seen but timbers blackened o'er. E. BLAnr, Liverpool. 9.-In merry humour down I sit, And hope to be the cause of fun, By making on each riddler's name An extraordinary (P) pun. A clever lady here we have- Miss Marie Connor, 'tis, I mean, Who, in a poem, Con.,(n)or ode, Is always to advantage seen. And now we note the poet Nix, Who was a clever, witty sage, How is't that we so seldom see The gallant Nirxon "Tourney's" page. Sam Wood, I'm sure, would not desert, And, too, I think that I am right In stating that No-land could own A braver or more faithful knight. Miss Edith Rendle to the "T." Will Rend-all aid that one could wish (Excuse that most atrocious pun, Miss Rendle, do; don't me pun-ish.) Beneath Miss Taylor's glorious reign Like lightning s.Wells the " Tourney's" fame. - Then, riddlers, let no foeman dare To Jeer.and look on with disdain, But fight until, in every land, With pride the people greet its name. T. RorsTON, Birmingham. 10.-Come, Dora, mind the baby- I'm going out to shop; Do not let him spill the milk, To make a mess and slop. I am not going far, dear- Only up the road. I shall not want your help, dear- I shall have no great load. ESTHER PHILIPna. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. ffhelaet letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 'l.-Th.ere is a stillness in the silent night Which throws a balm upon the troubled mind; A kind of magic in the white moonlight To soothe the trials of the human kind. I scin the heavens, and think of times gone by : The moon shone then, as now, upon the earth, And gazed in pity fromn her home on high Upon the people, on their griefs and mirth. Now they are gone, she shines serenely still Upon us, and will shine when we are gone. How short, then, is our time I but if we will, In that short time how much there may be done I! Improve each minute, and the talents lent, That the hereafter may in bliss be spent. THE UNKNOWN. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. lhange the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-How strange and queer I seem to-day I I roam about in blank dismay : Few pleasures flit across my way, And, truth to tell, I high, I sigh. All things are far from what they seem- E'en life itself seems but a dream Though surely it is prized most high, It may from us too quickly fly. And as towards the skies I gaze, My thoughts fly back to bygone days, To places where I've roamed for hours, Gathering pretty, wayside flowers, While birds sang out in sweetest chimes. Those days will ne'er return, alack I! What would I give to have them back, Those happy, blissful, childhood times ! Yet something seems to whisper sweet, " Work on, then you with fame shall meet." From early morn till late at night My purpose is to think-to write; This seems my only true delight. And when at length I sleep, Ifeam- I dream I live 'midst love and joy, Where grief and sorrow ne'er annoy ; Where flows a shining, silvery stream, Where dart the carp, the roach, and bream; Where all things reign in. perfect bliss, And truly in concordance kiss. It gives me joy, this dream of mine: 'Tis sweet, refreshing, and divine I fain would realize it all. A.h, well, though sad is my own fate, I'll struggle on, not hesitate. I still have hope, I shall not falls I'll do my best in word and deed To win a noble, honest meed. ' W. CARTEa, Birmingham. ihAGRAMS ON SHAKESPEARIAN CHARACTERS. ll.Q, he'll to prison surely send poor Jobber:
Fez still I am convinced he is no robber. But did I have the mal-de-mer P Well, yes, I suffered from it'badly, I confess. They'd all gone in at noon when I arrived; To gain admittance, though, I soon contrived. Bring me the hoe, pail, broom, and watering-pot, And see if there's a garden-hose or not. 01 more than this I really cannot do, Although I trust 'twill help you safely through. We sent the parel to a man ixitown, But no remittance has as yet'conie'down." E. L. HoLxowAT, London. i .
MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in oend.)1 14.-First, in the height of summer, I am perched upon a seat; In a poky little office, Five degrees 'bove summer heat. Is there, then, the slightest wonder My head is feeling hazy P But, hark II next a gontle shout, " To work I you're awfully lazy I" So I this con, must cast aside-- Con.-writing I must cease; And take this up another day, To finish it in peace. Seated by the deep blue sea, With nothing much to do, That's where I should like to be I Now, riddlers, wouldn't you P Or strolling up and down the'pier, Listening to the band; Or seated in a shady spot, With a Y. F. in my hand. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. 15.-I sauntered forth one evening for a stroll, Poetic fancies burning in my soul. Where through the meadows sweet I took my way, The air was laden with the scent of hay. I wandered on, till, 'gainst a stile reclined, With silv'ry tresses waving in the wind, And long white beard, I saw an old man lie, Gazing intently on the clear first sky. He smoked a pipe with evident delight; The bowl was large, the stem was long and white. Anacreon's musa was inspired by wine, Doubtless he used the*" weed " for the same cause divine, And from the first wreaths drew his living line, For, as he next aloft the clouds of smoke, He to himself in tragic accents spoke. "Ye gods I" I cried, "oh, don't my prayer refuse, But let me hear a poet woo his muse I" With this intent I crept behind the stile. " That shopkeeper, the hag," he cried, " is vile I Dang it! but her forbaccer's jful of ile !" I afterwards felt sure 'twas one or other, Or Jallibeer's or Puttock's elder brother. PATRIcK S., Belfast. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 16.-We walked o'er the sands on a bright summer morning, Our hearts, like all nature, were buoyant and free; And the bright sky above gave no sign or a warning Of the sorrow unknown that was hanging o'er me. With our arms entwining, we strolled on together, Her little head lovingly lay on my breast; And into her ears I then poured the old story Of love, and a kiss on her lips I impressed. Like a fawn that is startled by cry of the hunter, Her face she upturned, then hung down her head; On the sand she then tremblingly traced her reply, and " I'll love you for aye " were the words that I read. But, alas I for the false, fickle heart of the maiden. An old love came back from far over the sea' And in anguish I groaned when I found that her smiles and Caresses were no longer given to me. I went back to the shore in the cool'of the evening- The fast falling dew told the close of the day- I searched, but in vain, for those sweet words of promise; The tide had come up and had washed them away. R. M'DONALD. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 17.-In primals, riddlers, please to find The name of one well known For harassing the legal bench Till tired of her they've grown; For often by her skill she has Their arguments o'erthrown. Cross Words. First we writers all should be When our cons. are printed in the " T." Ireland by next name poets call. How sad that on it shame should fall I A favourite fruit for third you'll find ; Come, bring its name before your mind. For fourth I place before your view A colour of a brilliant hue. Four kings of England bore this name; One in hid last days was insane. A purple flower my sixth will show; Its beauty you'll admit, I know. Seventh, my friends, we all are told, Is just the opposite of old. A queen of England here you'll find, To all her subjects good and kind. How much we ninth our names to see In honour at the head of " T. I" When to thetenth of cons. I come, I fervently exclaim, " Well done I" The capital of the world, they say; I hope to visit it some day. Man's faithful friend in next you'll seel Well treated he should ever be. A bird who scours the desert plain; You all should quickly find its name. I will last write another con. I If Editor won't take this one. K. F. RoaStoN, Birmingham. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of ;hieoh is a word,) 18.-My whole of music is an instrument, Though at large firsts 'tie very seldom played. The cheaper ones from Germany are sent; Next Englaxtl third much better one is made. A. A MBERLET.