RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONE. Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.)
e ... pardon for intruding once again, I realt st receivd a sunmmons most emphatical ouy friend " Adcockalorum " who, you know, once used to reign y, witty, wise, and problematic~al. 1ws munching almond biscuits on the twenty-sixth of hen there came upon the door a thund'ring " rat.tat- Ts opened, and there entered, in a sad and solemn way, Sopenet ith a very ancient, battered hat. s no Adookalorum, as my verse might have con. Teeyed, got "a gentleman who'd called about the water rate." at behi m came anobher, Just in time to render aid ±ndextingaish that rash mortal who had brought a rie extinguisher" was A.; and when our greetings had been said, And we'd spent a first good hour in talk convivial, Adeockalorum then the course of conversation led Toa subject that was very far from trivial. e suggested that, considering some years had now Sincel I ventured to rhyme, puzzle, or " acrosticate," e best thing I could do would be to next a con. or two, and that I'd receive a welcome he'd prognosticate. then whilst I mildly mentioned that I'd try my hand A I'd not quite lost my riddling propensity. [s(obegeed to hint that his muse dormant now had lain For a period whose length's of great immensity. the resalt is, I've arrived, and he may once again appear At no very distant date-that's if the " Tournament's " lot too proud to have us back, and on two pedestals stick here Snch a very handsome pair of ancient ornaments 1 F. R. ConusoN, Bow. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) -There is a " Tourney " lady whom we know, Whose charming fancies never seem to fail her; (r name is ever seen, and we own her for our queen, And she states her appellation's Marion Taylor. lere's another" Tourney" lady whom we know, To recognize the name will first much trouble you ; Then you see a pithy verse, rather short, yet very terse, ion will guess the signature is " Lottie W." here's another " Tourney " lady whom we know, Though lately we have missed her merry lay; it next doubt she'll come again and sing her sweet refrain, And we'll hear once more the voice of E. C. Gray. hero's snother " Tourney " lady whom we know : The songs she writes are just as good as any eeninthe" R.T's" page. Where has shebeen this age P Say, whither hast thou wandered, Maggie Denny ? here are other " Tourney " ladies whom we know, Amongst whom Kate and Annie R. you'll see' ad they have a jolly brother, and with one Aling and another, They form a merry trio in the " T." here's another " Tourney " lady whom I know, And with her name I think I'd better end all; ad she wishes you all jo', both ye maiden and ye boy, And she signs herself, yours truly, ErrTH RENDLE. -A barber's shop I What mysteries surround it 1 To study human nature what a field I A place for idle gossip most have found it, Retailed by him who brush and comb doth wield. He'll talk of crops to each hale, stout old farmer; He'll speak about the drama and the stage To each young fop and lively lady charmer, Who thinks his light moustache is all the rage. I went inside a shop of this description One day, and sat myself upon a seat; I listened to the barber's sprightly diction, And first it was a rather doubtful treat. The" barber chap" was in the mood for joking- His ruddy face was anything but grave ; He spoke to me in manner quite provoking, "Good morning, sir. Hair cutting and a shave ?" Now, to a youth whose lip is rather downy A speech like that's enough to break his heart. The people laughed, and one big stupid clown-he Seemed to think the joke was extra smart. Ididn't get my hair cut there that morning- I hurried out and wandered down the lane ; And next such foolish talk I'd now be scorning, I'll never patronize that shops again I G. A. JoaEs, Liverpool. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. hefnal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Wtords. 4.-A little primal on our hands We have, and, in the ancient style, Are seeking Madame Sphinx's smile, With all the art such task demands. The fleeting finals' golden sands For us are falling not in vain, In penning a perplexing strain With all the skill our wit commands. Cross Words. No primal partisans of IYoung Folks, we Are nearly always seen within the " T." Our cons. are always with true vigour fired, 'speciahy when with fond next inspired. We may p'r'aps third you we intend to write A goodly con., say every other night. And we are next that you will shout, " Hurrah I They are two jolly fellows, yes; they are." We both shall write in next, and what ee feel, The wording of the con. will soon reveal. ventures we shall next, and we will show The doings of the friend and of the foe. Or names will be as lasting as the last, Andwe shall think, when old, of days long past. D. Gow AND W. D. PICKnERIEG. PrimAnlPondatioie Words. .Prials a modern hero name, Placed high upon the roll of fame And last's the scene of War's red deeds, Where primals died, where honour bleeds. leligion saw in him a friend; Humanity, a glorious end. G ross Words. n ofice-writer guessed aright, ithout a doubt first comes to sight. Net is, nethinks, by wits oft used- Smterjectioni much abused. hird is a fair Itaian lake. For fourth a short pronoun lease take. Behold a friedof fast dn please take. ow sixth a simpleverb will show; How near, I dare no say, to "go.' The two Iast vowelsofthe ie; es--- Ah, what? To guess itstrive. n 'ess eeinONyT td last . a county) barp and fast;. .. A.oaeosmns.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-They have punned on thy name, O Troy, And likewise, Price, on thine ; But I note, with a note of joy, That they cannot pun on mine. The pundits, therefore, I defy, Even the most word.twisting one i My name, I think, does not supply A " handle" for atrocious pun. But, in case it so should hap That I make a slight mistake, And one can fill the gap With a pun, he need not take The trouble to produce it here, But take the first to next safe place, And fire it, where there'll be no fear That he one day may have to face The beechwood club of him, who now Remains, yours placidly, D. Gow. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word,ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-'Twas 'tween the hours of five and six one morning When I awoke from out a restless sleep, And plainly heard below somebody's footsteps In stealthy manner o'er the parlour creep. I trembling lay, for it must be a robber- No inmates of the household were awake ; But then my courage rose, and I decided To stop him ere the booty he could take. Unto the shelf I went and reached my pistol, Then started out the bold burglar to meet, When at the bottom of the stairs I halted, And tried in vain to through a crevice peep. So, with the pistol fully cocked, I entered, And spoke : " Degraded wretch, what would you do P" " I've done it, boss," he said, " and want the money; It's been hard work to sweep this parlour flue !" T. RoYSTON, Birmingham. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-Could one frail arm the torrent stay That buried Poland 'neath its waves P Could one man break the despot's sway And free the million toiling slaves ? Could one man bruise the iron heel That crushed the land that would be free P Could one man brave the gleaming steel That pierced the soul of Liberty ? Gross Words. The cypress encloses thy dark, frowning brows; That thou art unwelcome its dark blossom shows. Cursed with this load, the tortured people groan; From earth their cry ascends to heaven's throne. This warning tells a truth sublime: Shun evil ways while yet 'tis time. This river guards the northern gate Where India sits enthroned in state. When fair France was severed by Anarchy's hand, This was the watchword that pealed through the land. 'Tis given to a fortunate few, This priceless gift, and wisdom too. The uncrowned king of Hungary, Who fought and died for liberty. I strew the land with jewels rare, And winter's chilly reign I share. E. A. CaonwA. Foundation Word. 9.-If the primals of these words P You now will place aright, A colour and a scented flower Will be before your sight. Cross IWords. If my first would but indite, Lots of puzzles I would write. If the next were not so bad, I should then be very glad. Third more complaints have I to make; You're glad to hear it, if I don't mistake. A vegetable my last will name; You may, perhaps, not like the same. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 10.-Thou art my friend. Ah, in this world How oft that word is misapplied ! Tha lips, dear friend, have never curled At me with scorn, to me ne'er lied; Thou hast been ever true to me, Hast shared my joys and with me sighed; Then were I to prove false to thee, Peace in my heart could not abide. Thy memory is dear to me, And, though the sland'rous word may pass, Bright and unsullied still 'twill be- What is a breath on polished glass P My heart is thine, O faithful friend I And, should clouds of adversity In sombre shapes o'er thee extend, I'll walk the shadowed paths with thee. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whicoh is a word.) 11.-Hark to the cannon's deaf'ning roar The rifle's crack, the cry of pain; And mark aloft the vultures soar- 'Tis primal's reign. It has nor beginning, nor end (Pray do not rail, or get perplexed); That hint is quite explicit, friend, So find the next. The third you've often seen, I know; 'Tis quite enough for me to state, When found, unto you all will show A heavy weight. The first, the nett, the third write down, And when in order they're arrayed, At one swift glance you'll see a town PV here flannel's made. M. F. GEnAN, Fermoy. 12.-My first is to support; An insect is my neat; And lightness you may find In all my simple text. JOLLY PAT. 13.--Ty first and second contradict each other; so My whole, you'll own, is always on the go. LucY MULLENw, Peckham. DECAPITATION.
(Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14.-Second, you are very sly, Always so demure and shy When I happen to be nigh; But when I'm away You can flirt with Jack Leroy- Such a very stupid boy- Sound a first to all my joy. Small coquette, good day. QuEENiIE. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 15.-My first if you do solve aright, Part of a ship 'twill bring to sight; :Reverse me, and you'll find I'll be The same, as you can't help but see. M. SPEIrCE, Newcastle,
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 16.-The children's faces shone again with glee, ,Old Jones himself was first a treat to see, As, chuckling o'er and o'er with next delight, He told them of the " spread" he had in sight. Yes, at a neighbour's house there lived a pig, A pig-old Jones's pig-not " with a wig," As runs the nnrs'ry rhyme, but so immense That Jones would neither sell for pounds nor pence That pig; and, oh, the slyness in his eyes I He told how he'd prepared this glad surprise, By bringing up the pig in Jenkins' yard, To throw his wife and children off their guard. The joy was most intense; Jones danced a jig Then started off to fetch the mighty pig. Upon arrival at his neighbour's nook, Old Jones towards the sty his children took; But judge the look of horror on his face, When not a pig was found within the place ! He stormed and stamped about the yard in rage, Defied the world in combat to engage, Then searched and searched to find the vicious beast Who wished to spoil his dainty Sunday feast. At last, about a mile away or more, They saw the porker flying off " at score " Across some fields ; but swiftly though they ran, No further signs of piggy could they scan. So Mr. Jones retired to rest that night, With all his glowing wishes put to flight. This is the only moral I can see, "Don't cherish secrets from your family." F. G. WEnB, Southwark. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 17.-'Lone on the shore Stands a maiden fair; In the storm's roar Her golden hair Is blown by the gale Now here, now there, And her pearly cheek Is deadly pale. Why on the beach Does the maiden stray, Within the reach Of the ocean's spray ? On the wind-tossed main, Since dawn of day, In an open first Does her Will remain. Through her blinding tears, Through the mist and foam, The maiden peers; Escapes a moan From her broken heart, For, from the foam She draws a next- 'Tis her lover's own. But the maiden's sorrow is all in vain, Her William sleeps beneath the briny main, Nor can her tears, nor sobs, call him to life again. P. S., Belfast. 18.-I am a very useful plant That every one must know; A native of a foreign land, I ne'er in England grow. And in my next you cannot fail. Another plant to see; But if again you change my head, A piece of land I'll be. Just one more change, and this will not Like magic, you will find; For last will bring, without a doubt, What's water, to the mind. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. 19.-Great numbers wish for first, but seldom get it; A second I am sure we all well love, Although the third might be quite perilous, Or just as harmless as a turtle dove. My fourth will bring to mind an ancient lady; A fifth I'm certain all will say they own; Sixth persons should always be justly pitied. " Please, please, do stop I" I think I hear you groan. Well, so I will; but if I trespass, quickly And smartly will I leave the " Tourney's" page. Although quite seventh now appear my verses, When I first last they were indeed the rage. E. L. HOLLAND. 20.-My first is but a little thing, Though small, it gives you pain ; And when you once have felt its sting, You won't want it again. All readers, whether rich or poor, I'm sure can do my next; Now, I'll not tell you any more, So there, now, don't be vexed. T. H. HUNT. 21.-I am a well-known English town, But if you change my head, Unto you all there's surely shown An Irish one instead. GOLDEN CLOUD, Birkenhead. DUAGRAM. (OChange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 22.-Dear riddlers of the " Tourney," In me you now behold One who's been many a journey To countries first and cold. I've visited the Fijians, I've hunted in Mexico ; I've been to the Arctic regions, And dwelt with the Esqimaux. To the land of the Nile I've been, Viewed the Pyramids and the Sphinx: In Canada I have seen And shot the wary lynx. The Alps full next I've scaled, And gained the tops 'mid snows; To India I have sailed, Where rice in plenty grows. I've travelled to Hong-Kong, Where the Chinaman you'll find; I've had battles fierce and long With beasts of ev'ry kind. W. J. TAPLIN, Paddington.