rIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGHRAM.
atho rst tao letters or it wort. to form another word.) (To 318iss MLphistopheles WTatson.) h Nell, you're a bit of a rascal ! if a maiden a rascal ~n ibe, ddled the "Tournament" nicely, although ihj 1dlto (the real, not the bogus) has been in a ter. rble swYr, that he'll never forgive you for the triok ou'e been daring to play. irst they would scarcely believe it when I primal in t nia pstlhistopheles wrote in the "Tourney" his tiao b ,.iesto exclaimed, "By the powers ! but it's dll'juaki"a he's. Ieen, be lir r wad be such an ass as to write as you say you haer seen. 'I w,'te out and bought Young Folks Paper, and there, en tie " Tournalnelt " pa"e, s inserobe in plain small caps. the name of Mephisto, the f'ilOldS sage ; the fieuds rad the con. with amazement, while -oe le Christo eat d.own t vacant. epression of features, as he nervously fiuered his er,,wn. 'iab rs! that's nivir 3.ephisto," he cried, as he suddenly rue. pirati, streamed forth from his fingers, perspiration h ln Irth ou Ihis nose. lrephiSto' on ancient old buffer, an asinine, thick- i. hedhd fiat! oneay argue as much as you like, but Mephistopheles never wrote that ! leo, look here, Lord Robert the Something, there's only one girl is tile 'T.' t ,- send ina riddle so clever-I'll wager my dudheen 6. tis she- that s Nellie Watson, of Cheshunt; ne'er a doubt but the nut I hlve cracked. tell her we've found the impostor; you'll find what I've saad is ia tact." _d so you must pardon me, Nellie, when, finding you naler a clonul, followed old Monte's suggestion, and showed your real tame to the crowd. of redly intst thank your creation, ol Monto le D Christo, you see, ormest sorry to tear your disguise off was yoetrs t ruly, L Iogln ItOelo"' LE. D. NAt'IRA TIVE DUAGRAMS. n.retlh' L tw' , '.tUr ers of a. w r,l tor (ore al ntiet' word, ex- pre"onsed ice the natrrative.) 2,-A simple poet I, Of no great necrormanecy, But just, the skill to .,tring a rhyme And frame it. to my f.ency; I Sometimes upon the town, Or maybe on the heather, Sometimes in glee about the sea, And sometimes on the weather. But though my muse is small, No nmatter what thie season, I would net give me power to rhyme For anythaing in reason. For ofte whouen m rv ride Falls woundled afte'r climbing, Or if my fooli-h henrt is tried IBy envy's ceasel as chiming, Then down I sit and think a bit, Aud end it all by rhyming. And if some petty grief Linked to some petty trouble, Viewed in a dismal light, grows largo And helps to swell the bubble,- Perhaps some fancied woe, Some pretty nose uptilted, A coolness with a girl you know, Or maybe really jilted- Then to my heart I say, Ihalnk rhyming for its mercies; And having said it, straight away Pour out my grief in verses. Toss, Llangollen. 3.-Only a wandering sonestress, Only a Bloomsbury dove, Whl, never knew a father's care, Or felt a mother's love. Only a full purse missing, Concealed beneath her shawl; Only a policeman watching- "Three months !"--end that was all. S. A. DE BEAR AND E. J. 3CCI:rFInr.LD. DOUBLE DELETION. Prop two lotto s from a word to form another word.) I-So matter when you start to read a paper, it is eritons To see tho tthin.gs that happen every day, Ofentures quitr, sensational, of courage rather spurious, Ofeolks who sie,,s of lunacy dispsley; Thetate fior being talked about, of being wondered over, Ofnmalkiu in the world a precious stir, Is now the aim of every ill-conditioned, crack-brained rover, And o some very foolish things occur. E an't wise, but otherwise, as you, I'm sure, are thnkink : , dAd it tlst last many people are about wsh Sane to raving madness and erroneous aim are liking, Ahl who slould by honest folk be put to rout. The other day a sample of this class an act attempted- leieumpeed a lofty bridge, and jumped to dis; But thlers of that kidnoy, as from consequence ex. empted, hrtar,, they'll do the same and death defy. aert tar one lput out to sea in such a frail protection That soon his hope, and strength, and oars were gone; iee. .i. compass, decath encompassed him in each direction, dld he hardly hoped to see another dawn. 'v.T ortunace for him that soon a passing ship espied BAd saved him, this time, from a watery bed; s likely with another notion he will soon provide rntil his appetite for fatme is dead. bhother took a different tack and this time went ,bl!ooning, a,,d played fnntastic tricks when in the air; cello s'pos, tie feminines below were raising rows alt eso had caune to do, I must declare. Anda meris oon' their portion, if it is for that they're Por ah ir ,uores are now in everybody's mouth; nd the editors of new..papers their duties are not fr. thp roclaim it north, west, east, and south. 'y to c gain some small renown by using pen and h" it Oeem s to nme the other sooner gains aB l re 5o often thlught of, .rnd perhaps the mid. linever give what lunacy attains. IVtmO., Belfast.
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a o-d to .r nrm another word, orpressed in the n 'rative.' 5.-He is said to have been from the day of his birth A very peculiar boy, He ne'er in his childhoo,d showed anger or mirth, This very peculiar boy. He would never indulge in a cry or a scream, He never showed even a liking for cream, But always appeared to be lost in a dream, This very poeuliar boy. At school he never to work would attend, This very peculiar boy, Nor deign to his tutors attention to lend, This very peculiar boy. He never played cricket or handled a bat, But sil.,nt and still in his study he pat, As dull and as gloomy as any blind bat, This very peculiar boy. As a youth the title of " duffer " he won, This very peculiar boy, Not caring f.or even the finest of fun, This very poc lhar boy. At twenty he fell down the stairs one fine day, And changed from that time, his biographers say, Then fought to the summit of glory his way, This very peculiar boy. He became a great soldier and sought for renown, This very peculiar boy, And won by his efforts the victor's fair crown, This very peculiar boy. His camp was as grand as an emperor's court, He won many a fight and reduced many a fort, His arms were invincible by all report, This very peculiar boy. At last he was slain by his treacherous friends, This very peculiar boy, His history here, as is n Ltural, ends, This very p. cu iar boy. Don't think, my good friends, that I am insane, His name, I should tell you, was Count Wallenstein, Who ne'er lost a battle, the Protestants' bane- But a very peculiar boy. HERCULES. 6.-Did you ever know a knight or dame who did not feel dejsctedi When they find a contribution is with many thanks declined ? Did you ev. r knuowa person who's not suddenly respected When 'tis found that some relation has with gold hid pockets lined ? Did you ever know a cabby, in this populous old city, Who departs at all contented with the regulated fare ? Did you ever know a person, either practical or witty, VWho could rival Mr. Blaldwvin in flying in the air t Did you oevr know a " masher," when encased in cuffs Land collars, Who co:ild own that hi:; existence is a pleasurable ono ? Did yo-, ever know a person who will give away his dollars, Where no chance occurred of telling all the world what he had lone ? Did you ever know a lad who during schooltime is not yearning For the very welcome hour for departure to arrive ? Did you ever know a youth whose soul for greatness is not burning When arriving at the interesting age of ten plus five ? Did you ever know a man who at his dinner did not grumble When his business that morning has in any way gone wrong ? Did you ever know a person of a station high or humble Who does not feel quite flattered when ho's asked to sing a song ? Did you ever know a nicer periodical existing Than the one called Young Folks Paper, which should be perused by all ? Did you ever know a paper of such pleasant things con. sisting ?- Interesting to all readers, whether youthful, great or small. CAROLINE HOLLOWAY, Highbury. 7.-Friends Switzer and Van Bung, Who possess such strength of lung, We would fain with irou tongue Have assisted as you sung In the chilly hilly country Whose grim rooks you sing among. Yes, ,te'd raise the festive echoes With a penetrating yell, And those snowy, icy mountains, What a tale they'd have to tell ! We welcome you to-day In our own eccentric way (When the sun shines make your hay, Is the burden of our lay). Be you faithful to the "Tourney "- We can only hope you may. And perhaps some day you'll join us Where we're "hanging out" just now; We just hope it, though we cannot Tell you when, nor why, nor how. SCHNEIDER AND dBROAD ARRow, Hades. S.-'Tis true old age Can change the aspect, friends, Of all that lives or is beneath the sun; linut to ourselves its power in chief extends- We show it most when all is said and done; Though fiends engage At times to steal a march Upon all 'cute or unsuspecting folk. The morning milk corrodes, grows blue as starch, And sometimes tastes of iron (see the joke ?). We see the signs Of years advanced when we Board with those ladies-veritable hawks! Whose mansions skirt the wide, expansive sea; They give us food, and lend us knives and forks- But sterner lines Will not suffice to cleave, Though we employ huge chisels, saws, or axes. (But chance of growing old these rearward leave, Gas bills, dear friends, and yearly income taxes.) THE B. P., M..nchester. 9.-Still with patience I am waiting, Though the hour has long gone by When you said you'd meet me, darling, By the side of this pigsty. . I hope you were not joking When you said you'd meet me here, For the air that I'm inhaling Is too much for me to bear. In the ditch, alas I I'm sitting, Where your father hurled me, dear Oh, the pain that's through me shooting Is too much for man to bear I While the moon above is smiling, I aloue with paiu must smart; But I'll grin andti bear it, darling, For it is for you, sweetheart ! VAN VOGfELAAR, Brighton, METAGRAIM. (Chatte the first I~tter ' a, wtord tn fornm another word.) 10.-Dear ridrillers, first is a useful tree, I truthfully maintain; And if you change its head you'll see A tree it doth remaip. " WIan BRIAR, Lumplngh.
NARRATIVE DMONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, b-lt thi same in soun I. expressed in the narrative ) 11.--I'v come from distant Hades just to sing to you a song- In doing so I hope I don't intrude; I've always wished to bear a lance in this our " Tourney" throng, As oft to bear a lance I'm in the mood. Mephisto's huntsman wild in me you one and all will see, Although I often hunted am instead; For when old Mephy has a lark, he has it out of me, Which, sometimes, makes me wish that I were dead. Thbere'smany storieson the float concerning me, you know, But every one teat's told you is untrue; There's no one in possession of the rightful tale, and so I think that I will tell it unto you. You must know that when a little boy I used to go to school- An occurrence that is common to you all ; It happened th ,t while I was there I always was a fool, A circumstance that made me very small. If you're a fool in youthful ago, when into years on get It often follows that you're just the same; At least, it happened so to me, although I've often met Exceptions to the rule that I could name. While wandering on Brocken's rocky heights so dark and grim Some years ago I met some huntsmen wild, Who took a fancy unto me, I was so neat and trim, And spoke to me in manner suave and mild. Said they, " We've looking been for you-you're just the very boy, For you we've searched for years o'er hills and dales; We'll take you at five ' bob' a week to help us to decoy And catch us birds by salting all thoer tails." I should have known their tales were false, but then I did not Ihink, So soon I left my kindred, friends, and home, To wander with these huntsmen wild whose hearts were black as ink, In immort ality for e'er to roam. Oh, often I regre'ted have the step I took that day; 1 I've sadly poudered o'er my wretched fate ; But things were never quite so bad as some folks mean s to say, For now I'm Mephy's Minister of State. I I've risen to this'eminence by honesty and truth (Our wrds are vice voerea to your owna), And dIephy now has sent me here to rouse that lazy youth I Who as Lord Diable to you is known. He thiuks he does not fight enough, so I've come here to help, My helmet, lance, and shield are all on view; S1I'll charge- But here is Mephy with a-" Go, you Iszy whelp!" e I (kick) must (kick) bid (kick) you all adieu. MONTE (hRI.STO, MHades. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAIK. S(Chaange the first an i tlat letters of a wordt to orul another word, expre:ssed in ltho It ltart ltiv .) t 12.-Hear ye not the nightthlado sobbing Where her dews on flowlerets throbbing Quench aild soothe, s And, to smooth, Kiss the minnows of the waters, Merry wavelets-frolic's daughters? In the harmonies of streams Are the eve's caresses. dreams Mlnowin:. To a dogleaf's gen'r.sus shelter Skips an elfin helter-skelter, Sentinel! o A bluebell Resteth, warlike, on his shoulder, Scare of every beholder ; d Garbed in hose and doublet green, Staunchly loyal to king tand queen, i lPatrollingl Lo! the elfin from the wood-shade, r With a noise, as by some bud made, Orders " Arms!" Hush and calms, For King Obe. on astir is, With a Court of knights and fairies, While the wavelets ripple gay, And the water-voices say, " Welcome all I" As the Court with pomp arriveth, Lo a wasp in liv'ry driveth A rich car Of leafy spar, It two mice in harness drawing, Each the turf impatient pawing, As a " Halt!" is sounded deep Near the bank where minnows leap Merri y. Lead the king and queen the way Where no wavelets leap or play, And the moon Glares aboon, While embark the august throng Each on straw raft, slight; and long. Ha ! they little dream where toss Minnow-rapids perilous- Danger theirs ! Gaily chatting, do they sail Down the streamlet, woen a wail Full of dread, " Rocks ahesad !" 'Frights the dainties nigh to death, Robs them of 1 heir gentle breath, Scares the knightt, their very selves To the rapids glide the elves Helplessly, Rudely scudding 'mong the billows To the breakers 'neath the willows ; Some capsize, Some uprise, Oh, the strife is sad and sore, Plash the elfins in the roar ; When the sentinel a-land Fords the stream with daring hand, Bars the way with branches' band, All are saved I Nevermore will elfins sail Down the streamlet in the vale; Nevermore Seek its shore, For their craft to live's too light In a sea of such a might; To untroubled ponds they trip Henceforth for the sail or " dip," Happily. V. D. T., Warrington. LOGOGRIPH. A wrord which may he trea!ted as a metagram, docapitatlon, dele- tionand tlansposiituo, but leaves a perfeoot word after each 1operati. 18.--In fiorst behold A lover bold' Transpose, tien name A bard of fame; Curtail, see then A marsh or fen; Head changed, a kind Of portal find; Now, turned around, A measure's found; Delete. I rule The boys at school Head ch:nged, a d sh Of wholesome fish; Cnrta~l, then see A enmrpaTpy. Csuctrsem , Duiwich.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, 'earvin anther word, expressed in I he narratlve.) 14.-Nothing to write about-everything stale, All the original plts must c'en fail; No vanished writer, usurpers are gone, How shall I write up my Y. F. P. con. P No jolly riddlers to welcome as new, No homely trouble to bring into view, No rhymed acrostics; the subject is sore To riddlers who turn them out by the score. No comic subjects for writing out verse, No father's blessing, or bad villain's curse; No patriotic proud outbursts of queen i A "sillier" season has never been seen. No bleak December day, no sun's hot ray- What shall we write about, what shall we say P No stirring tale, and no highwayman's pluck- It really is truthful that we have no luck. The seaside's no balm for the poor weakened brain, The sight of a pen and the ink is a bane; The paper's away and the blotter's all dried, And the wearied-out wits of the poets have died. At last I-oh, how joyful !-a subject I've got: All rouse up your wit-, strike the iron while 'tis hot; Dip your pens in the ink, and help -olve this great task " Is writing for Y. F. a failure ?" I'll ask. S. DB BEAn.. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (Tihe fnal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation VWords. 15.-If you my prlmals. downward read, A stormy bay will commn to sight; Likewise my finals downward read, A naval hero comes to light. Cross Words. In first a storehouse will he found, Of great importance, I'll be bound. In winter only I appear, When all the trees are gaunt and sere. My tilird on board of ships is seen; ''is of much consequence, I ween. " Bad fourth to ye!" poor Patrick cried, Gasped forth, " Ye fiend!" fell down, and died. My next, you'll see, is past and gone, And left the present all alone. To covet greatly is my last; And now my cross words all are passed. E. J. SCHOFIELD AND I1. DEWS. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed o the hi itli lotters of other word'.) Foiend,.ioi Words. 16.-Tight gallantly he fought amongst S 'lhe bards of other days, Deliahttui all by witty jokes, With which he filled his lays: But now, alas ! his g esomie glues Are gone from " Tournu.y " p'ge, Though urged oft to aplpear again By each funi-loviing sage. Cross Words. A celebrated poet nami; And now a knight of "Tourney " fame; A pretty arboresceut, shrub; A title which mys If I ldob; Without its aid we could not live; One to the other we should giveo; Blooming in the slriugtide early; Often seen in ringlots ounly; A foreign bird you now b s old; Is owned by all, both younr and old. itOBERTo, London. ARITHMOREM. (Ann arostic. Thelotters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in ,tIu'res.) Foundation Word. 17.--M1y primals if placed aright by you, A town in Ireland will come to view. Cross Words. 2,001 and ona The hardest stone I have ever seen, And worth mach more than any, I ween. 1,100 ,, rubea Some people keep this, so they say, To guard heni on a rainy day. 551 ,, bn This you would not like to be, I guess, Though many are so, you will confess. 50 ,, kra Here please find a small singing bird; Early at morn he can be heard. 1,006 ,, poer I shall try to do this all 1 can, So I ask you all my cons. to scan. 101 ,, one Here I have found a riddler of fame; I only give you her Cnristian name. LORD TICKLE-'EMI-UP. CHARADES. (Thename of a writer in Y. F. P. is divided into syllables, and one hidden in each oq the following couplets.) 18.-Breathless we're hurrt d through adventures strange, Nor will he let us flag for want of change. The hero has a pride which I admire, And difficulties still his zeal eulire. Nor lacks he your approval, I am sure, When danger he'll confront, and hardship will endure. Where'er he travels, be it east or west, We still may say, " This nanu is at his best." All that we read signed with his name gives cause To own this author wi.,s our just applause. 1MADEIRA. (Formed on a word e vii e syllame oif v.~ , . is -.. 19.-" Keep first the next," the father cried, In accents aught but meek, "Or in miy whoe you wll be tried With pen and ink next week." F. PUILLIPS, Maidstone.