RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, OMEGR MS.
(Tho last letter of a word is changed to form another woraJ 1.-Sighed a maiden, heavy.hqarted, Gazing o'er the stormy main- Sighed for some one long departed, Filling all her heart with pain; Some one who had whispered sweetly, Lingering in the sunset's glow, Who had first her heart completely, In that summer long ago. Then the days were bright with gladness; But the shadows, dark and grey, Changed the sunlight into sadness, For a vessel sailed one day, Bearing some one far away. Sang a maiden, merry-hearted, Standing on the shining shore ; Care and final have departed, And the darkest hours are o'er. Came a letter, and the writer Was that some one, true and brave, And the maiden's heart grew lighter, As she gazed across the wave; For the dreams she weaves are golden, Roaming by the rippling sea; Joyful as the days of olden Are the future ones to be. Merry little maiden she I MAIzoN L. TALORn, Birkenhead. 2.-Again I stand upon the shore As the waves come tumbling in, Again I hear the breakers roar With awe-inspiring din; And as the waves roll o'er and o'er, Sad music in my ears they pour. S When first I saw and last the sea, I was of tender age, And how I laughed with childish glee To see it in its rage ! But now sad feelings o'er me steal; Oh, could I utter what I feel ! Now in the stillness of the night I watch the sea, at rest I For the moon has thrown a chain of light Upon its troubled breast; And oh! I feel, I feel as well Within my first the wondrous spell. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 3.-A busy little insect find, Then change its tail (by rule) ; Last forms a word whose work's to bind- You've parsed it oft at school. AGONIsrzs. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 4.-Swift gath'ring shadows hid the day's bright light, The sunbeams fled before the rising gloom, And, one by one, the spirits of the night In solemn silence trooped into the room. Born of the sombre hour, a nervous first Its darksome influence o'er my soul did throw, When suddenly upon my ears there burst A startling sound-a cry of " Woe I oh, woe 1" The weird, wild wail rang out upon the air, It roused the echoes from their quiet retreat, It roused the watch-dog, slumb'ring in his lair- His frighted whine resounded down the street. It came, and passed by on the zephyr's breast, Until 'twas but a whisper, soft and low; The tired echoes sank again to rest, When once again was heard the sound, " Woe I woe 1" Who is it that so sadly doth exclaim P Perchance another Jonah hath appeared, The second of the city to proclaim. Oh, this is worse than aught I e'er have feared ! So madly down into the street I fly, And swift up to a labouring man I go. I say, " What is the cause of your wild cry P" Says he, "My horses I would stop. Whoa ! whoa I" S. FaiaI~ AND G. H. Par. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 5.-Oh, thou who sattest on the balcony, And played to Dido on a teh-stringed lyre, Aid me to tinge this, puzzle though it be, With something of thy ancient classic fire. Oh, thou who " sattest" upon ev'ry one, Poured out thy satire upon primal thing, Aid me to write that they who read may run And squirm while I censoriously sing. * - * * a Well, this is second slow. Wake up, you two, Whom I invoked an hour or two ago; That " ancient classic fire" is overdue, Where is that satire, too, I'd like to know? Oh, all right, then, since you upon D. Gow Will not your paltry, attributes bestow, Keep them yourselves! I would not have them now, Nor ask again, if it was ever so I D. Gow. 6.-Various are the dialects In English counties known; You can't make head or tail of some, As I was one time shown. Jane Gosling had a brother Charles- A farmer's boy was he- And for a situation new He had applied to me. dIis sister came in with him, " To speak ser he," first said. "' That doesn'tlook," thought I, "as if There's too much in his head." But finding last would suit me, I said to sister Jane, "Before you go, I think I might As well write down his name." "' Yes, sir," she said; " but let me see, I've pretty near forgot If he were christened Chaley, Or.Chaley Chales, or what. "Oh, now I've got it right, thouggi- I 'members what it be; Chales Chaley he were named, sir. How stupid, sure, o' me I" (P.S.)-That it is true I needs must state- This fact which I above relate. ANNIE A. ROTSTOa, Birmingham. ,.-In first a colour you will see, Known unto you quite well; Now, if you next not common sense, The answer you can tell. F. PEIIWPS, MOttringham, DELETION. (Drop aletter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 8.,-Look at night,in the sky- First seems bright to the eyea; NeiB is seen in garden gay, Fresh and green all the day S Third is made by architect- STo each trade 'tie seht direct; . . Fourth does boil upon the fire- Itsabonstant toil does never tire. G. A, JoNrS, Liverpool.,
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another wordJ 9.-While passing through a primal street, I saw a hansom flying by, And glancing at the driver's seat, A tragic vision met my eye. The cabman held aloft a knife, A next ferocious Spanish blade, Which downwards now and then he bent And close against his bosom laid. I followed him with all my might- That dreadful weapon haunted me- And when he came once more in sight An awful madness I could see Within his wildly staring eyes, While all the time he fumed with rage, And with an undiscovered foe A bitter contest seemed to wage. Four sturdy passers-by I hailed, And straight towards the man we ran; To stop, upon him we prevailed, Then straightway he his tale began: " Yer want to know the reason why I flash this knife P Well, then, yer clown, I'm looking out to kill the man That's just give me this bad half.crown." F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 10.-Now the sun's transcendent rays Spread in gladness o'er the earth; Zephyr breezes cool the air, Songsters sing in joyous mirth; Gently sway the rustling leaves, All is pleasant to the sight, While our haunting sorrows first Far away in distant night. Flowerets spring from every bank, Shedding perfumes far and wide ; Softly glide the rippling brooks, Rose ti~es blossom side by tide; Fields of bluebells, buttercups, Next their little heads in glee ; Crowned in blossoms, lovely spring, Oh, how sweet art thou to me ! F. J. HODGES, Greenwich. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 11.--The sunlight streams o'er rock and sand, And bathes the sea in golden glow; The wavelets beat upon the strand With murmurs musical and low ; The gallant ship speeds on her way Over the ocean deep and blue, And each small boat seen in the bay Another charm adds to the view. I rove along the rocky beach In silent reverie, and dwell On lessons which the billows teach, Or hear the tale the glad waves tell- While hope, in colours warm and gay, Paints all the future bright and fair. In fairyland I seem to stray, When building castles in the air. TEts UNKNOWN. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.) Foundation Words. 12.-Dear to our homes are they, Chasing our cares away; Fond relatives, whose wiles Revive hope's vanished smiles. How oft, in hours of gloom, They've cheered the dreary room I No dearer ones has Heaven To weary mortals given. Cross Words. They frown aghast at agriculture's dearth, But smile when Nature glads with grain the earth. Its resting.place is on the ocean's breast; So pick this Sandwich Island from the rest. 'Tis a fine sight when we view from afar The third of the sage veterans of war. If you've a fourth, let better thoughts begin, And pity find a cranny to creep in. The poets tell us it is much amiss To waste your talking pow'rs in empty this. You'll find our last if you will trace it well; It is for water a receptacle. J. P. HARRINGTON AND W. D. PICKERING. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foudation Word. 13.-If ye knights of the" Tourney," undaunted and bold, In finding my whole do succeed, A riddler renowned you then will behold, His cons, are delightful to read. Cross Words. You all will surely see, when first is found, A wild, uncultivated tract of ground. My second find, and then it will display One who directs another in his way. Reveal my third, it then will really be A writ conferring some authority. My fourth to light undoubtedly will bring The power of representing anything. As the sun was sinking in thegolden west, I sat upon my fifth to take a rest. My final will disclose to every one A well.known tree; and now my puzzle's done. GOLDEN CLOUD, Birkenhead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 14.-My first gives forth a ringing sound, It calls good folk to prayer; And many things with last are bound- 'Tis useful everywhere. Cioss Words. This finds its home in foreign lands; Its grip is worse than shaking hands. Although not visible to you, I answer when I'm spoken to. An article that gives forth light; 'Tis seen on carriages at night. To live this well should be our aim, And for ourselves to win true fame. C. O'CoNorn. CENTRALT CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) n fhn rini; a nerfect hurricane was blowing,
As brave philander Jackson homeward went; He seemed to notice not where he was going, Last on first different thoughts his mind iwas bent, Till suddenly he stood amazed at seeing A lurid flame not far from where he stood, Which, by the swiftly.rising wind, was being Tossed here and there as wildly, as it could. " A house on fire, as rm a creature living," Unto himself Philander Jackson said. "I'll hasten to a helping hand be giving;'" And with the words; along the street he fled.- Swift as a deer, he sped past every-dwelling, At reckless speed he dashed tlhrough wet and mire; A.id when arrived, a dreadful rage he fell in, : r after all 'twas but--a watchman's fire! T. RoraTroN, Birmingham.
TRIPTICH. 16.-Within the shining sea, amid the prancing waves, With Neptune reigning over us victorious, With palaces galore in seaweed-covered caves, Bedecked with costly jewels rare and glorious, I revel in the billows' angry roar, And let my tresses float upon the foam; I envy not the seagulls as they fly from shore to shore, For the ocean is my home. Fra WoRD. The merry songsters trill a sweet, enchanting strain, The streamlets ripple softly in their gladness; The trees that erst were bare are laden once againm, And weary hearts dispel their morbid sadness;, And Sol shines brightly in the azure sky, And flow'rets grow erect beneath his gleam, And the breezes whisper softly, whisper softly, passing by, For my primal reigns supreme. SECOND WoRD. Across the flowery meadows where the restless bees And butterflies ambrosial sweets are sipping, Her radiant curls a.dancing in the playful breeze, She comes, in smiles and sunshine lightly tripping. Her hands are filled with fair and fragrant may, Sweet emblem of her purity and truth, A charming picture forming, as the sunbeams round her play, Of simplicity and youth. MARION AND Aut. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to term another wordJ 17.-A certain youth, ambitious for the ocean, Took in his head a most peculiar notion That he would like to visit foreign lands, To witness wonders and tread unknown sands. It so enraptured this young foolish man That he resolved to execute said plan (I should before have stated he was known As Simon Small) ; so sailed for lands unknown. Five years elapsed ere aught ofthim was heard, And those who had before deemed him absurd, Grew much alarmed--of course they dead him reckoned; When he returned, alive, and also second. To frst of his adventures I've not time- 'Twould occupy much space if put in rhyme; Suffice it, then, to say he's ne'er since been Upon the ocean, nor a vessel seen. SAILOR KxNIat , Kennington. 18.-Sombre firsts the misty twilight, O'er the hill-tops tinged with gold; From yon tower o'ergrown with ivy Long the curfew bell has tolled. Now across the sky's bright glory, Spreads the sable robe of night, While from'starry seconds Luna Sheds abroad her peaceful light. How calm and silent lies the earth . Beneath night's sheltering wing I! While perched upon some bloom-bent bough The nightingale doth sing. E. A. CA. nox. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 19.-Now coldly blows the winter winds, Quite cheerless seems the earth; No woodland carols greet the morn, All silent nature's mirth. And murky clouds o'ercast the sky, Then first comes thick and fast; My spirits in the deep'ning gloom Almost to zero last. But happily my wand'ring eye Falls on a sheltered spot- A tended garden spread before A quaint old rustic cot, Where blooms a knot of totals pure; My heart they warm and cheer, For my fond fancy hears them breathe, " Glad spring will soon be here." T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. 20.-An animal my first will show, Well known to you and me; In foreign climes though you may go, Its equal you can't see. My next, you'll find, is a mistake You would not like to do, For fear by chance there was a lake That you might fall into. Behead me now, and then you'll find A part of you, I ween; Now, when you have these parts combined A pretty flower is seen. ANNIs SMITH, Greeley. 21.-Good and bad, and false and true, Grave and gay, and old and new, My first. In the daylight, in the gloom, In the palace, in the tomb, My last. In you attic, lone and cold, Poring o'er my last, behold My whole. JO.LY PAT. 22.-My first a colour brings to light- It is not dazzling to the sight; It is a dark and sombre hue, And very oft it meets your view. My next's a fish, found in the sea, Its name to you must surely be Well known-perhaps you've caught it, to,,. In whole another fish you'll view. IMPRIMaTUR. 23.-A prop myfirst, and a prop my second; Whole, too, you'll find, a prop is reckoned. J. CLanYE, Birmingham. CONUNDRUM.. 24.-- iddlers all, pray stop a bit, " A con. I'll now propound; Two letters of the alphabet Name a county far renowned; They are not very hard to find, Being very near the end. But if they come to light or not Will much on you depend. F. BRDwss.