DIpDLE TOURNAMENT. FR]ECE-OMEGRAM:
Sthe last ttr butone of a word to form another word.) g. -I the "l Tournament's" great pages, Where the fight is first and strong, Sin, a pair of witty sages Many a true, heroic song. But I'm filled with constereation, For they made the declaration They were strangers to the nation, Yet they speak an English tongue-- Spesak it fluontly and free ! Oh! ye bards from Zuyder Zee! Give me, Schneider, those instructions: Do they, truly indiscreet, gcorning formal introductions. Speak to any girl they meet? Do ther last it untold pleasure, Deem it glory without measure, Strolling through the lanes at leisure, Casting eyes at maidens sweet? Tell me, stranger--only rc-- Do they mash at Zuyder Zee ,ay, Broad Arrow, is each fashion To your wondrtous land despatched P Dothey put a deal of " dash" on, Wearing coats with capes attached? While within this laud you tarry, Why should you your queer names carry ? - Change them, say, to Bob and Harry! Surely they are better matched To yo(ur foreign pedigroe ! Think you you can hoodwink nme? Through your masks I plainly see, Oh! ye bards from Zuyder Zee! CHOODLE. NARRATIVE DELETION. Sletter from the word chosen, leaving another word, ex- prcsscd in I hi uarrative.) owoft'tis said of stories which are, perhaps, "big, thumpiug lies," must be true ; I've read it in the paper !" if the story's doubted, 'lis repeated with surprise, t must bet rue ; I've read it in the paper !" andal in Society about rome well-known nane, oseberries, seal-:erpents, ghosts, and such.lika little ,m tme, 'tter what the subject is, the answer's just the samec- t must be true; I' ve read it in the paper 1" : useful correspondence has appeared concerning "Luck "- must be true, I've read it in the paper ! others seem to think the letter's " all a lot of muck "- must be true; 1' ce read it in the paper ! dy's purse was stolen-to escape the villain sought, slipped upon some orange-peel, fell down, and soon was cannugt; It cky that the orange-peel was there, the lady thought. must be true; I've read it in the paper ! e earthquakes here been felt of late in this our happy land- must be true; I've read it in the paper ! eat amount of damago has been done, I understand- must be true; I've read it in the paper ! broke a cup that Mrs. Smith two hundred years had bad, y gave Miss Brown's black .cat a fit, and made it "awful bad," other dreadful things they did so very, very sad- must be true; I've, read it in the paper ! said the bards of Warrington and Lambeth are in co.- must be true; I've read it in the paper! s:aud that" wordy partnerships " each week in favour grow- must be true; I've read it in the paper 1 doubt 'ts very pleasant when one visits by request ted fellow-riddler, then to scribble cons. with zest, by experiment 'tis ooand a lady partner's best- must be true; I've read it in the paper ! Jo-KINa, Lambeth. NAPRATIVE D UA-PRECE-OMEGRAMI. (C:;ango first two and last letter but one of a word to form Iniother word, cxoressed in the nar'rative.) 3.-Comre, draw up to the table, Fred, And let us write a con., Then seud it to the "Tournament "- It will not take us long. "What shall we write about ?" you ask, I'm sure I cannot say; Suppose we write of love, my boy, 'Twill make a splendid lay. That would be too la(y)l,,rions, Let's think of somethiug new. hay, shall we write of Sull van Or monkeys at the Zoo ? You with to know which Sullivan- If Arthur or J. L. ? Of course I meautathe first, old chute, But last will do as well. I will nat choose the fighting man, Who's catching all the brass; I would rather write of donkeys, Or some such other ass. But as it's pretty evident We have no room to spare, l-We'll stop, or other riddlers Will say it is not fair. Toms aND FaED, Manchester. CHARADE. (Pormed an wod each syllnable of whlih is a word.) 4.-llack and sticky I appear, Very far from being clear; Yet I'm deadly foe to rain, I'll resist with might and main Searching damp or falling dew, Never will I let them through. Now to second we revert- Hope you all are well alert, Looking out for every clue, So the veil you may see through; And to do it you must see That I'm taken from a tree. Northward of the Clyde we'll eo, Land of mountains capped with snow; There you'll see me used by maid, Buxom matron, laird so staid; Camerons and Camubells own me, Much respect, 3tu see, I've shown me. R. L. JEFFERSOaN, London, DOUBLE DELETION. tt the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) '5.-Whlen little cousiu Ichabod T''o Barnum's show was taken, His limited ideas of strength And form were greatly shaken. First first he saw an elephant, The largest of its kind He said tflat last had seen a beast Which iron could not bind. lie also said that it possessed A monstrous tail behind : "But," he exelaimed,"' its tail bLabre W. Tho ut most ela,,o uy nlind." " . .,~, J. Suorioum., A-cD J.'Coore:.
META-OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 6.--Miss Nellie, know I am no recreant knight, No mean deserter in the "Tourney" fight; You've seen, ere this, I have renewed the strife And dedicated to the muse my life, And by the use of certain spells and charms Have found new pleasure in the "Tourney" arms. Lady, I am by many ills oppressed, And many sorrows tear my anxious breast; I lost my solitaire, but worse, by Jove l I am about to lose my latest love. A rival comes, and lo ! the fickle fair Smiles upon him, and drives me to despair. Yet, spite of evils, spite of dire distress (Such power the ladies have with Patrick S.), Had I retired to some secure retreat, Your song would have recalled my wandering feet. Do you mistake ? I fear it was not I Who sang the glories of the cheap hair dye; If 'twas, I've had full many a love since then, For I am fickle, like the rest of men. She whom I worship now dyes not her head- No cause has she, for it is fiery red; Lady, a simile if you desire- Her hair is like the glorious sunset fire. As for my sorrow, lady, it is past, For time will dull the keenest grief at last. I'll mourn no first, but know, CO lady fair, I've never second since a solitaire, For now from every vain pretension free, A plain bone button is enough for me. Yet when I gaze upon the fatal place, What little red I have forsakes my face; Though, like a girl, I do not sob and cry, I cannot well suppress a bitter sigh. I am but human, and I may forget, But, ah, that glorious time is distant yet. If from the "Tourney" page I absent he .1For weeks and mohths, let all remember meI; I may be sufferin- some gigantic ill, But know that I adore the " Tourney " still. PATRIcr S., Belfast. 7.-So, Winter, you've made an appearance at last, And we first your old face with a smile and a cheer: For you're welcome, you see, though your vigour is past, Anl the time of your great dissolution is near; You are late, you must know, and you'll have to work hard, And give us a taste of your quality strong, If you want to still keep in our warmest regard The place that you've occupied now for so long. 'Twns annoying, you know, that the rivers and stre:ams Wore just the appearance they had in last May, And to find that the Winter lived only in dreams That the light of reality banished away; The lields are the same as they ever have been, They must think that your majesty's long ego fled: But some cheery morning you'll come on the scene, And let a white tablecloth o'er them be spread. You will clothe all the last in their garments of frost, And renew the supply every day for awhile; The sound of the rivers will shortly be lost, For you'll lock them all up in an excellent style; You will make us look up extra clothing and wraps, Though we like to be friends-at a distance, you know; Still we may some fine day be awakened, perhaps, To find that your show has been only a show. We like you, you know, but there's better in store, A' d you'll have to be speedy, and wear yourself out, Or people will vote you a nuisance and bore, And give vent to some phrases not strictly devout; So when you find out that the Spring's coming near, You had better pack up, and prepare to take wing, For you've had a good chance in the old and new year, And your presence in April is hardly the thing. IVANHOE, Belfast. DOUBLE OMEGRIAM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 8.-She has gone, gone, gone, And the shades of the night creep on, Her form is forst in the gathering gloom, And I stand in the wood alone; Gone, and the light front the sky Grows dim in the darkened place, For she crossed the stile when that bitter smile Was still on her cold, pale face. She is lost, lost, lost, And my heart is tempest-tossed To think that a last so pure as mine In the dawn of its strength should be crossed. How could I tell she would change ? For her heart was true in the past; How could I tell that a love so great Would fade like a flower at last ? Ah, well I let it rest, let it rest; 'Tis done, and I'll stand to the test., For I know that this world, so bright and fair, Is a changing world at the be::t. 'Tis done, and I stand alone In the gloom of a falt:e diss.r:tea ; eVll, let her go, for her words ;,unme day Will fly in her own fair face. 1_. A. TAYLotR, Birkel:enhead. OMEGRIAM. (The Jlast letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 9.-I placed a first in a second; The second I third from danger, But in the morning first was gone; Nothing could be stranger. H. CARTERn. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 10.-Beverage of rural brew, Good old English "liquor," too; Pressed from russet autumn fruit, Homely rustics' taste to suit. First Word. Scenes of happiness and peace, Castles grand and faces fair; When solitude gives thought release, Our first is forming in the air. Second Word. 'Tis the prettiest spot that e'er I've seen, Though I've wandered many a mile, This place in the land of the shamrock green, The sweet little Emerald Isle. V. D. TAYLOR AND JO-KINo. LOGOGRIPII. (A cord which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves ai perfect word after each operation.) 11.-Now for the sholel: we try The bread, which is rather dry. And now, if you behead, A story appears instead. Transpose, there comes to sight The time pa comes home at night, Behead once more, we're fain To tackle the bread a~aiu. You have, if you transpose, A plant which in China grows, Delete one, transspose, and A i preposition does stand. And now, if you curtail- Oh, riddlers, dou't bewail- Only one letter's left, 'iThe first in the alphabel;. W H.I, n.~cl, Peckham.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-A dark-crested foemau has entered the lists, And his face wears a threatening, lowering glance; His voice, too, is ominous, as he insists That Marion should help him to couch his swift lance Among those who ever are first in our band, And he tells her a Warwick's in Mercian's hand. He stands just before her, with proud, haughty mien, As he vows that he will not be true to the maid Whom all riddlers hail as their dearly-loved queen, Since each can. of hers puts the rest in the shade, Unless she will give him a place in our band Which shall prove that a Warwick's in Mercian's hand. When I noticed what seemed like a challenge to one Of the brightest and best in our gallant old " T.," I felt that a battle of words had begun, And that I should be first of the maidens to see If a girl could defend the sweet queen of our baud, And test all the power that's in Mercian's hand. Then, as I dreamt over the King.maker bold, A swift intuition crept into my mind That never of him have traditions been told That a man like himself would have been so unkind As to threaten a maiden, and so, to our band I would say, " Is a Warwick in Mercian's hand ?" And Mercian forgets that the knights to the fore Have arduously fought their high posts to obtain, That most of them work even now as of yore, And fill every heart with each earnest refrain ; And he, too, must fight with the rest of our band If he'd prove that a Warwick's keen power's in his hand. The King-maker's heart was both noble and true, His sword e'er was drawn for the brave and the right; Careers such as his are too scanty and few For us to condemn what he did in his might. But follow his footsteps, and prove to our band, Bold Mercian, that Warwick's indeed in your hand. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. 13.-For riddles is this page the best ? I should think so. When asked this question I confessed, " I should think so." A friend of mine, anent the " T.," Asked what good in it I could see, And if I thought it worth Id. Well, I should think so. Are V. D. Taylor's cons. ea treat ? I should think so. With other cons. can they compete ? I should think so. There's Patrick S., and knight from Hades, Queen Marion, and other ladies. Do I, like you. think their fame made is? Well, I should think so. Shall I again to this page write ? I should think so. Shall I e'er be a "Tourney " knight P I should think so. That's if the Ed. this con. don't throw To where no doubt it ought to go. Shall I a curled moustache o'er grow ? Well, I should think so. Did I o'er burn the " midnight oil"? I should think so. And all night at a riddle toil ? I should think so. Did I e'er kiss a girl so sly Where "little brother" could not spy- And get her " Grecian" in my eye ? Well, I should think so. APOSTRO P E. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another Word.) 14.-I know my gallant knight is first, Though he's in foreign parts; My love for him I ne'er shall esat: We are two trusting hearts. F. JoNSONs, Manchester. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of arword is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 15.-I sit by the stream with my rod by my side, I've been there since six in the morn, I've waited and waited-I thought I'd have died- No bite has come. I'm quite forlorn. Despite unsuccess I will wait until eve Announces 'tis time to be gone; Then, though for the night I must this brooklet leave, Next day I shall come for more fun (?). For more fun, more fun, more fun, I'll come with the rise of the sun. The tiddlers won't bite, and the whales are asleep, While serenely my float bobs about; So snug in their quarters the young beggars keep, As if they will never come out. I'm wretched and cold, I'm nnmbed through and through, But I'll wait till the set of the sun, And to-morrow I'll come the sport to renew, Come again, my dlear sir, for more fun (?). For more feun, more fun, more fun, I'll come with the rise of the sun. DIOFFro AND R. L. JEFFERSON. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to fortm anOthetr word.) 1G.-Our hearts are light and free from care, As through the clear and frosty air, With lively jokes and jovial talk, We take a pleasant morning walk. We tell each other'wondrous tales Of sighs and weird, unearthly wails; We tell of spectres gaunt and tall That frequent you old ruined hall. The snow lies crisp upon the ground, It hides each field and first around; The path is white beneath our tread, The sky is cloudless overhead. The willow's slender twigs bend low Beneath their weight of glistening snow; The trees are clothed in spotless white- To see them is a splendid sight. The hare starts up from her retreat And bounds away with nimble feet; The robin to the next keeps near, And asks his share of kindly cheer. The frost is in my heels and toes, The frost is in my ears and nose; I must, dear friends, now say "Adieu;" My muse, alas I is frozen, too. G. LEE, Chorley. 17.--My first's a word that means to gain by labour; My tIcx's a marsh, or little mountain lake; By guessing this you will mb greatly favour, So guess it, if it's only for my sake. S. DE BEAR. 18.-To wear my first you would not like; Heigh presto ! change the letter, As if by magic there appears What sometimes you like better. E. GEORGE, London. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word) 1.-From an imepudent imp to mankind the first, Linked with impiety, has descended; Behold the vast change when primal is reversed, With our daily life final is blended. Bie W.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 20.-T here is a knight within this famous " T." W hose cons. much joy and pleasure give to me. Cross Words. K indly the first speaks to each riddling wight; I n next behold a thing that gives us light; T bird brings to view a bird of prey, I wis; C aught fourth by firth your sixth in danger is; High are those hills-in Scotland they are found; N ext is a man who toils far underground; E mulate last, a knight whom I admire, i efulgent is he with poetic fire. LoNe SNOWSHOE, Bathgate. Foundation Word. 21.-I'm that for which all nations in deadly strife engage; I comfort some in sickness, and others' grief assuage. The poor man's waiting all his days, but I to him ne'er comoe; I prove a curse to one or two, for many build a home. Cross Words. When tihese first appear a boy feels glad, And thinks that he looks as manly as his dad. This is a city very well known; Gaze on the map-in Scotland 'tis shown. This contains, as you will see, Some maps of ev'ry country. Sailors always like to see This when sailing o'er the sea. A part of an elephant now please write ; And in last a boy's name you will sight. APosTROPHE AND A. A. DYrEts. Foundation Word. 22.-Ancestral homes will proudly own me, The cottier, too, loves me full well- Scanty mercy he has shown me; And placed on metal I'm a "sell;" And, oh, in a far-off, distant land, A river's name I can command. Cross Words. Snaring nightly, But not rightly. O'er all animals the king; To his feet all doth he bring. Sly and sneo.king, Humbly speaking. Hark unto the voice of Thor, Listen to his dreadful ruur. Spending, ever; Saving, never. R. L. JEFFEILSON AND DROFFO. Foundation Words. :23.-We fain would sing of each merry sage Who tilts in our " Riddle Tournament," Of every bard who doth loyally engage The "R. T." with songs to ornament; But to-day our attention a lady doth claim, A lady deserving of all praise; By Erato favoured she has gained great fame In the "Tourney" by her merry lays. Cross Words. In first is defined a most charming picture, With science 'tis combined; Second we will deign but passing stricture- Of dwelling 'tis a kind; In this you will view--well, 'tis named, We confess it; By a popular writer this appellation is claimed, Kindly express it; Here behold a stone, a precious stone, Semi-transparent ; In the sixth an epic is lucidly shown To be apparent; The greatest blessing which can adorn life Sans dull care's alloy; A king who took part in the fierce strife Against fated Troy; In Turkey this personage holds command O'er a province; With the Hindoos in India's sunny land Last is a prince. BEN W. AND DaosFo. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (Tihe initials and finals give the surnames of a celebrated English writer ,and an equally well-known American philanthroplst of the Viotorian era.) Fousndation Words. a2.-In the short month of February, Of two men known to London town, one died and one was born; The one, our Transatlantic friend so cheery, Scarce knew the feeling of the other's scorn; Grand scorn it was of all things mean, unworthy, Of mammon-worship, and of life unreal, Of shams, preteinces, actions gross and earthy, All that fell short of hisi unstained ideal I lie had a wife, who, all suncousciouss, portrayed His every foible. Such fate hymeneal I My filst kept on a shrewd, mercantile way, Yet loved the poor, and felt their drawbacks keenly; lHe "came across," intent upon survey; How they we're lodged he saw, costly yet meanly. lHe left his cash to build them dwellings bright; We built a statue to him half concealed from sight. But my grand other breathes still in his books, Wherein is greatest wisdom for whose looks These, his best monument, we grateful say Will live when we've played out our little day; One built with words, and one with bricks, but each, Giving his best, the truest lessons teach. Cross WVords. This fish has almost endless life, they say; Here you a nice bazaar may find to-day ; The author's name of this I'm sure you've heard; And in springtime this meat is much preferred; This town in Burmah saw a treaty signed; This English Churchman's name now bring to mind; This female name you easily may find. LIADEIRA. ENIGMA. 25.-I'm the beginning of the end, And the end of ev'ry place; I'm the end of every woe, And the end of every trace. V. D. TAYLOS, Lancashire.