RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE OMEGR&EI. lete rd is cjlungead to form anuthor word in the 'ast letter 9! a narratiro.)
- arhill Barracks the sun rose red, !Doer skaryeb and blue, n a ky the mate of the Saucy Jane, And ladtensts of all the crew I Andn hearte casst in an eyelid's wink, ' Ard mowith elwm held hard a-lee, And, t ran taut, and the Saucy Jane The towrep across the sea. For far iritilloch the craft was bound, ith a loed of Irish geese, do cabin psengers, man and wife, ho carried a pig apie..ping oicee Ad each hardy tar, with a aping voice, AS es oll, or Sue, or Sl1, Sang dl the tiebt little craft sailed on Sthe Forth nd Clyde Canal. Scrawled through the locks in a cautious way, Dos the reaches swiftly sped, hvoiding as though with an instinct born, Allth rockls and shoals ahead, Al frm was the skipper's directing grasp On the rudder's arm behind, obsy the whip of the engineer, iAd willing the tow-horse blind. But suddenly darkened the sky became, And the trembling timbers creaked Through the length and breadth of the Saucy June As the tempest madly shrieked; Amidships a blizzard with fury fell, A tornado struck her bow, hilesswift.ly astern a white squall arose And assailed the hapless " scow." he passengers prayed, and the captain cursed, And the nmate made tracks b-low, The pigs and the geese all in mnceort squealed, And the eneiueer cried " Whoa !" Bt headleong he rushed with tremendous speed, That old steed so wise and brave, And, strading the craft on the Cadder shore, Saved all from a watery grave. Pano, Glasgow. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMR . Ctangs the first and lant letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 2,--Just look at her, mate, ez she trips along Wi' the milk-pail on her he'd- Ez fair a wench ez ever lived, When all is done an' sed. D'ye see the roses on her cheeks ? But redder'n 'em her lips; D'ye note the 'fection of her eye Ez she strokes the back o' .1yp's ? That Jyp's a right good dog, old man, He saved my darlin's life; Es it hadn't 'a' bin for him, my Jean, She wouldn't 'av' bin my wife. D'ye like the kindness o' her ways Ez bhe stoops beside the well, Wi' the cattle about her 'n all sides, Ez if she's good to smell ? Ay. they a' love Jeannie, the men and lads, The cattle, the poultry and brutes; AnD I think the sweetness of her own Gi'es soul to the soulless mntes. She's the light o' my heart an' home, she is, And God was kind to mate us; Yer sh. old come when I'm doin' jobs i'doors, An' she's a-peelin' the taters- Then yer'd hear her voice ez she sweetly sings, Like a lark on a sunny morn, When the sky is blue and the prospect's fair And the willows wave to the corn. Ay, maun I we're as happy as birds i' May, Wi' our little 'uns fall o' good cheer, An' our labour's a labour o' love because We toil to enjoy and endear. V. D. T., Warrington. META.OME GRAM. Channe the first and last letters of a word to form anothe r word.) 3.-Oh. Marion, Marion, how you do carry on, Raisi'g a row in your innocent style ! Talking of letagrame, Narrative Betagrams, Duas and Triuos your grace seem to rile. Cons, that were splendid, too, have they offended you, Filling your first with a cyclone of pain ? 'arrntive staggerers, rhyming Niagaras, Ne'er shall be written by Robert again. oicould have thought of it? finding out naught of it' Needle like con. in a bottle of hay; fyar high.minded queen we have reminded been Of our rebellions Wat.rTyler-like way. Enights of old Ridndledom. oft hare we fiddled 'em, Turning folk's brains with our narrative rhymes; lNittimeyou do a 'gram make it no newer 'gram- Stick to the old for the sake of old times. hidlesimmutable, hidden, inscrutable, Ofthave I N'rrativatuatized ; idlles insettsible, incomprehensible, Cons now immortallin rrativized. bhe nhas fluised, Ed. hides his diminished head Under my tri-do- -c. 'gram ; eepinghim on so late, final, disconsolate, O'rting his thoughts in a dynamito 'am I iereign merious, really I'm serious, 1hysbould I fight 'gainet the wish of our queen? lou're agreeable, Robert le Diable's larrative riddles no more shall be seen. ROBERT LE DIABLE. NIARRATIVE BETA-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Cing the second and last letter but one of a word to form ancther word expres.ed in the narrative.) i (e Mears.s ScLnoider, Broad Arraoo and Co.) '-Ohy have the Dutchimen so volatile stayed Are the " T." bright effusions inditing? OIt partners in riddling lst, stolen, or strayed, o maybe indulging in fighting ? Perhaps the poetical company's failed, a.ed editora craving evading, ie left Zuyder Zee, to the Pole mayhap sailed-- . rong, we quite merit upbraiding. t it be they are lodged at their country's expense, AOr company , bogus" for floating? OrE he thny (the thought causes mis'ry intense) then drosned while on Zuyder Zee boating? ThY1 id that all queries they'd answer with ease, 1~d Cuns. of all sorts were invited; Te mest, if alive, our forebodings appease, i, we'll conclude we are slighted. Týhtping sincerely in eed they survive, at thope is, however, quite meagre; i they are living oh, will they contrive I 0~'f as, for news we are eag:r ? theu. artner" jocose are deceased, Ah,ndtaures of life we'll be scoring, 1inol deu otion's by no means decreased, 51 oiar lives in deep mourning. J. STrocs AND E. GEORGIE, ',.p .u ENIGMA. P 6lye ple on the " tometabs."
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-Oh, Patrick S. I oh, Patrick S.1 I've read your mo rtrn- 1 fnl con., Which in the" T." some time ago I chanced to light upon, And glad was I. and happy, too, to welcome you again, For by your coming you have banished much of grief and pain. I heartily encore your words of true fldelity Auent the endless joys and fun in this our " Riddle T." But why, oh, why (this fact has caused me very much distress) Do you allow the girls to play you false, oh, Patrick S. P Take my advice, and have no more to do with "fickle fairs," But listen to my pleading voice, and hearken to my prayers : Despise the girls, but not the "T.," and favour us still With those bright cons. which gladdened all our hearts in days of yore. Grieve not, oh, Patrick S., that yourfirst love from you has fled, You surely do not want a nymph whose looks are shining red; And grieve no longer o'er the fact of your last solitaire, Nor yet about my mention of the girl who dyed her hair. For since I've read your con. I've looked o'er all my Y. F. P.'s, And found out my most huge mistake; so, Patrick, if you please, Just turn to last year's volume, and in Number 871 You'll see 'tis by Foonoolican, and, as he's full of fun, I think he'll grant me pardon for infringement of his name, And giving you the credit of his own hard-worked-for fmlle. And this is all I wish to say : Despair no more, my friend, But hasten forward to the front, and ever to us send The welcome cons. which fill us all with feelings gay and pleasant. With kind regards for much success from NELLIE WATSON. Cheshunt. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Tbe bugles were sounded anld nearly confounded, Over the" Tournament" lists the steed- bounded; The shouting, the raging, the curbing, the flashinr, The hurling, the thrusting, the feinting, the tplashing, The urgine, the guarding, the slaying, the spearing, 'The waving, the cutting, the slashing, the glarine, The groaning, the crashing, the charging, the prancing, The fencing, the foiling, unhorsing, and lancing. The howling, the shrieking, the longing. the smiting, The li-ts have ne'er witnessed such terrible fighting; The timid, the bold, and the mighty and failing, Each other are boldly and fiercely assailing; Knight Alpha has vanquished V. Taylor the bold, And Johnson to Droffo cries " Strike ! do not hold." R. Wood and R. Andrews a combat are waging, And Harris brave Nemo is fiercely engaging. Sir Hercules Befhell lays low in the dust, Though that valiant knight quails not 'fore the thrust: The" Black Knight of Nottingham "-Simpson I mean- Apollo lays low in the " Tourney," I ween. Fierce knights such as Jefferson, Boyd. and De Bear, Are objects to wonder at, quail at, and fear. E. J. SCHOFIELD AND J. LEIIGH. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 8,-I had retired (I thought for aye) from " Tourney's" mimic figbt, Nor reeked that I should e'er again Set lance in rest, but now I fain. would test a foeman's might. The tgae I raise is that thrown down by Mercian of " Brum." Throw open wide the " Tourney" gates That I may tempt once more the Fates, and let my foeman come. And mercy on Sir Mercian expect me not to show, For he who speaks of our fair queen As Mercianu has done, I ween, is ev'ry true knight's foe. And not our queen alone this Bram attacks with such ill grace; To all the band of damsels fair Gathered round Queen Marion's chair his challenge you may trace. This haughty knight, scarce known to fame, would dare usurp the throne ! Would crown himself the "Tourney" king ! Tut tnt, sir, you'll do no such thing: pray moderate your tone! Back, back, Sir Mercian, to your place, nor dare again rebel Against our queen, who long bath reigned, And each true knight's respect hath gained by ruling all so well. But why those bitter, scathing lines with which you close your lay ? I've tried, but for the life of me Most certainly I foil to see the meaning you'd convey. Can chivalry, Sir Mercian, be dead within your breast, That you should quote that proverb curt, The feelings of the sex to hurt whose love makes mankind blest ? Your provocation p'r'aps is this-I can divine no other- The darling whom you called your own Has fickle proved, and lately thrown you over for another I F. PA~Rxn, Herne Hill. 9.-Oh. Miss Nellie Watson, of Cheshunt, I have read your last con, with great glee, And it caused me no little amusement To learn you thought Droffo was rme! I've oft read the cons. of friend Droffo, And smiled at his bright, merry lines; But believe me, the humour's not mine, miss, 'Tis his own that so radiantly shines. For your compliments kind, though, I thank you (But I little deserve them, I fear) ; You've encouraged me oft by your praises To our famed " Riddle T." to adhere. Now I trust, Nellie Watson, you'll always Contribute sweet songs to the "'T.," And you, too, Mr. Droffo, of London- Very welcome you'll both ever be. Jo-KInG, LamLehb. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each srllahle of whichl \oa rd.i 10.--Dear sir, I bone you won't "decline With th nks" this little fl'st of mine, For though 'tis but a simple rhyme, It took to second it some time. And since I've been to timhe W. P. B. A considerate friend, you will agree, 'Tis more thin I am third, d'ye see, To win a plaudit in the " T." And should it be my lucky lot To find that in this lirst you've got One whole, and you reject it not, Encouraged will be yours, R. WTr, 11.-Where the bee sucks, there lurk I, In the valleys decked with green; On a mossy bed I lie, Lounging idly, now I'm seen Where the quiet milkmaid, singing, Bebas a sil across the soil But by achident rent swiiagig, TdeIgalt, ad tl~g 4id sooil W, f*tllr. On F, Buacxsnneru.
METAGRAM. (Ohansethe first letter or a word to form another word.) 12.-Sitting one day in companionless reverie, Earth seemed so drear and its denizens h ird, Luck was unkind to me each time and every, So for the world I bad first my restard; I had gone over each poor, feeble platitude With which th* brain of the bitter one teems, When, of a sudden, in slumbering attitude, I waked in the land of our every-day dreams. B There it was sweet I With a charming facility, Soon I had peooled the whole of the earth With a great race of prodigious ability- M'ghtiest feat, came a world at. a birth B There was no jarring, or want of true charity, Rare were their virtues, large-hearted their schemes; Equal in riches, there seemed no disparity 'Twixt rich and poor in my fanciful dreams. Long had I lived in this slumber's sincerity, Till on my brain was the thought of it burned; A "Now from this instant," I said, with asperity, "From me with scorn is this old country spurned; T I will give up its queer puzzles unravelling, And though far off such a dear country seems, Land of delight, to thy bosom I'm travelling, Then I shall rest in my sweetest of dreams." Up from my seat with my fate made immutable, Fixed in the purpose that dreams must prevail; When the hard world, at a time last unsuitable, Came in the shape of a letter by mail; I Op'ed with indifference, soon upon reading it I in amazement was shown to be heir To twenty thousand, and then, on proceeding, it Begged to enclose me a part of my share. Ah, it is sad, but the facts are too truthful ones, Earth's not the worst of all places to dwell; Dreams are so morbid, especially youthful ones, We think this world and our lives are a sell, Then we contrasting our dreams wit.h what's actual, Full on our minds this one ray of light streams, Feeding on fancy is quite ineffectual, Happiness lives-not in all our day-dreams. IvAIoE, Belfast. DOUBLE METAGRAM. 'Obange the firstletters of two words to form two other words.) 13.-Thanks most hearty, V. D. T. And Violet, I give to ye I Ah, sweet indeed it is to find That still within your memories kind I hold a place; and mine again To please you with a puzzle strain Is nw the task. Hail, happy this! With promptines soft, and gentle kiss, She wakes us all to laugh and song. And draws me back to " Tourney'" throng. The dear old second-long-loved ground, With knights and dames all gathered round, Allures me as in days of old. Friends tried and true, oh, give not cold And distant glances, but receive My humble third, and ere I leave Accept the greetings of a friend Who now will struggle to amend Her truant ways and soon return To Puzzledom's fair halls, and earn Your gracious approbation. Last Those magic words that in the past Came with such welcome to mine ears, Of friendly talk and wit that cheers Our merry party. So good-bye, And thank you for your courtesy. LOTTIE W. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETION. IDrop two letters from a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narra irVn.) 14.-The sun goes down, the shadows steal Like ghosts along my chamber wall; The evening stillness makes me feel How shadowlike they rise and fall. The sullen waves break on the shore, The west is lit with sunset gleom, And days and thoughts gone long before Seem passing in a painful dream. The evening shadows idly fall O'er pictures in the gilded frame, And fleeting visions oft recall The hours when first I breathed your name. I feel the air about my brow, And seem to rken a whisper near, The hueless cheek once more to glow At accents that I loved to hear. Now moonlight rests upon the wave, The shingle grates upon the strand, The surge hath reached the rock and care, And tides have hid the stretch of sand. We cannot now rove on the shore, Nor gaze upon the stars by night, As we in those sweet hours of yore Were wont to in the pale moonlight. LuccEIUs. NARRATIVE TRIPLE DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop the first and last letters of three words 'o form three other Swords, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-I'm a warrior brave and bold, That's a fact; And I'm noted for my grit And my tact; I was born in that fair clime Where the giants lived a time, And a club this hand of mine Never lacked. My name is known throughout the world Everywhere, Yet if you met me in the street, You would stare; Tall am I and very strong, My hand is raised against the wrong; I ever help the right along, And the fair. I saw the gallant Hector fall In his track, And gave Achilles on the head Sucih a whack I It made him deaf for many a day, Till Paris popped him out of the way, And made the Grecian warriors say, "Oh, alack I" A hero I in ancient times It is true, For monsters and such useless things I often slew. A lion fell before my blade, The hydra's deadly course I stayed, The irymanthiat boar 1 laid In the dew. So, riddlers in the "Tournament," Welcome me As a warrior old, though new To the " T." I'll over use my lance aright nlu the merry "Tourney " fight, And never from fair Elonour's light Will I flee. HECUaLES. BURIED POETS' NAMES. 16.--I am certainthat Mark eats the peaches. Did Tow bit Tierfield on the temple ? Marsden hammdred away at \ho bully. Is Eselnimaux pronounced Eskimo or Esklman P Go, E thel Grahnta, and never retunrn His csttige was l'wdl~y eiO(lstrttl et l( lff l oi wood. Did ybn pass .V lyofl' IsbIEtP We hii Jc, .·nIil but of thte
REVERSION. (A word which read backwari. forms another word.) 17.-Miss Grace would be handsome, Miss Grace woulO be nice, She also indulged in Worth's clothes, But why she was not a real Venus was Because of a wart on her nose! Miss Grace would oft nert about her grand first And cause awful envy and fights ; But why some young fellows with laughter would barst, Was because she would dress up in tights!a Miss Grace's flue figure was handsome-superb, And helped to gain her a great name; But some people saw it was not very graud, Because the poor creature was lame! Now, Miss Grace had of feet the daintiest pair, They were small-well, as small as her n, se ; But some people laughed at her tootsies because Of a carbuncle on her sweet toes ! A treasure some persons would say of her hair, And oue such audacious young fellow Would have purchased her locks there and then, but he knew To his pain that their colour was yellow I Now, Miss Grace's fair arms were as white as pure snow, And some said chalk was their analysis; But why some made fun of these spotless white limbs Was because they said they had paralysis! Dear Miss Grace would have lived, and have thrived, perhaps, too, Spite that there shone on her gums a groat boil, Had she not, I am sorry to state it, my friends, Swallowed a gallon of paraffin oil I S. A. DE BEAU, London. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the firest letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 18.-Mark yon warrior, gaunt and grim ! His brow dark-stained with ruby flood, His garments torn-nigh stripped off him, His features seared, and plashed with blood; His gleaming eye views all around, His ear alert for danger's sound. The battle's o'er, and carne:ge done-- A battle's lost, a battle's won; Alone he's left to tell the news Of men betrayed death could but choose; That stern old warrior-none but he Are left to tell of treachery. That morning broke superbly clear Above the sleeping army still, When one great shout of wildest fear Arose from patrols on the hill. Confusion, haste, awoke.the camp, Of man and beast the cries and tramp, And then the bitter foemen met, Revengeful thirst for blood to wet; Surprised, surrounded, all was lost, Yet dearly did their dying cost; And this lone soldier-only he Is left to tell of treachery. Of all true traitors they are worst Who sell their own for money curnt, And he who will betray a friend- Traduce a friend's fair name and fame- Is but a coward pitiable, All deaf to honour, truth, and shame. His own heart tells him he is wrong, But ignorance drives him along. APOSTRiOPHE AND V. D. T. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavitn another word.) 19.-First, we see it in the office or upon the parlour floor ; Decapitate it and you'll quickly see That every true mechanic uses one of these or more, And I'm certain you will guess it if you slowly think it o'er; So I'll bid you all adieu, remember me. J. W. SEWELL. POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bhears a different meaning with each change of pronunciatlon.) 20.-My name is Norval; on the Grampian Hills My father feeds his firsts on Curem's pills; Right glad are they to hear his welcome foot, Right sorry though to feel his heavy boot. Right well they bleat-create discordant sounds, And rush to him in most artistic bounds, His kindly smile, his words, no doubt doth bring About this hurried and fantastic spring. He distributes the globules one by one Unto each " flock " until they all are done; His task accomplished he does homeward hie, And strives three pounds of mutton to outvie In " fakir work," or who'll first dissappear (He's always first when aided by some beer). " But stay I" I hear you say; " what last he mean By writing all this nonsense ?" 'Tis a dream. Eu. TRIPLE SQUARE WORDS. 21.-First is youthful I can guess; Next is what we all possess; Third relationship express; Fourth her love will ne'er grow less; Last was worn by good Queen Bess. First we often come across; Next is mourning at a loss; Third is often sold per gross: Fourth is something which all need; Last possessed by man and steed. First is known in all book lore; Next her so it made me sore; Third are often on the shore; Fourth is upright, nothing more, Last in music seen before. Place first words in proper order, And you'll find what uncle bought From the bookstall o'er the border, Land where books are wisely sought. C. F. BLnaCKcuRN.