RIl)DL TOURNAMENT. CHARADES.
ormd on a word eaoh syllable of which is a word. W lhoe. .-0nward tbrongh illimitable spacec w--0 -:n weary of the endless race, The'er sky above, beneath, on either side, The " -' sun our holdfast and our guide. The on her course, the world, our vessel, hies FoWith steady motion through the ambient skies, it te dchiUy nis of the year, The genins of winter lands us here. First. Ethereal spirit wisely formed to bloom Within the bower of an Eden fair, Bitter the day, and sad the heavy doom Which drove thee from a home beyond compare, And bade thee wander through the airy realm- Condemned thee evermore through space to roam, Like a frail barque without a steadying helm, Which ne'er may reach the shelter of its home, Alaso we note thy wailings of regret: Thy mournful features and expression pained All, all betoken hopeless grief. But yet Can what is lost be never more regained P Second. In days ago, of course I went to school (HoI man y children share the self-same fate i), Whore teachmrs preached the olden, golden rule, And taught me parsing at a rapid rate. Ah I since those days to me it seems an age When school alone my little brain would fill; For now I cannot parse a single page, Or mentalize arithmetic with skill. Yet how can I describe my second here, Unless I tread again the same old ground P 'Tis almost irrevocable, I fear, Since but a single pronoun must be found. Third. Ferocious beast, thy voice displays thy pow'rs, The vast and gloomy forest is thy home; To seek thy prey at evening's silent hours Across the dreary desert thou wilt roam. Yet men have conquered members of thy race. And brought them from theirlands across the sea, For ever doomed a narrow cage to pace In restless mood, while thirsting to be free. 0 final, undisputed is thy fame- A forest monarch thou, who holds the sway; Thy strength alone has won for thee a name, And made thee king of animals for aye. MnRION AND Anr. 2,-- fill my station, draw my pay, And tell the people, day by day, That heav'nly things, beyond dompare, Are better far than jewels rare. A mighty warrior lies in state; Now last they pass, the high and great, And some in passing bow the head To render homage to the dead. Poor lifeless clay, which first not rise, Nor move, nor speak, nor ope its eyes! What boots to it this empty show, And all this vain parade of woe ? FRONT DE B(EUF. 3.-Oh, Robin, how you sing I How first your bright notes ring Across the wintry air I It seems your little throat Would with its gladsome note To earth a message bear. 'Twould be a help to me If I could follow thee To hear thy cheerful song. Through care's dark, weary day, To hear thy hopeful lay Would cheer my last along. Yoe come not in the prime, But in the saddest time Of each successive year; When bare are all the trees, And sharp the wintry breeze, Your welcome song we hear. And so it seems to me That better far 'twould be If men would act like you, And think, though sad the heart, Its winter will depart, And summer greet the view. ANNIE. A. ROYSTON, Sheffield. 4.-Without m' first the festive board Would scarcely be esteemed complete; My second is imperative, Though for entreaty far more meet, My whole in rural scenes is found; In Shakespeare, too-a name renowned. E. JoHNsoN. 5.-Upon a first I've journeyed oft; My next will not mean high; And whole's a little Irish town; The Ilarrow flows close by. DEMANcEES. ANAGRAMS ON RIDDLERS' NAMES. ',a-or! ay in China cups forms no man's drink A nine quart can would better do, I think ! Lend Reuben half a crown, Johnnie, my dear, He'll pay it back to you inside the year. Home breaks upon our view ; our journey o'er, 'Ti sweet, we feel, to be at home once more. "Can such a loon succeed in life ?" I cried; "He's much more knave than fool I" my friend replied. Cre treads upon the heels of wealth and show Nane are completely happy here below. ton story which you read enthrals my brain ; Would you mind reading chapter four again P D. ao- he says he has a beechen bough: Nor pun, nor anagram will he allow. N c, Pat 'er crossed the moor in such a gale; e sat in some hotel and drank his ale. PATRICK S., Belfast. CENTRAL CHANGE. (hacne the central lettei of a word to form another word.) 7.-I am a remarkable fellow, Undaunted, I face the world's frown; lly voice is exceedingly mellow. I've prospects of gaining renown. I cling to my honoured vocation, Theatrical first I possess.; And friends who devote observation Declare I shall be a success. I dislike the freaks of Miss Fashion- She is false, and last to beguile ; Unfeeling she is in her lIassion, Yet rules with a- cruel, hard smile. Snsmile.at the whims of Dame Rumour- Of late she's been hard to believe; I've no inclination to hunmour This dame, who is known to deceive. W. CAnER, Birmingham. CONUNDRUM. 8.-ind reader, deign to read this con., An elfor( to amuse. What is it that-wnfear to own, And yet would fear to lose ? . - A. 3. Gasrrrrrm
BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another wordJ 9.-Confucius tells us, "Silence is A friend that never will betray." The truth of this remark of his Is aptly proven every day. We first that he who speaks the most Is least respected by the mass, While he who utters naught, a host Of followers and admirers has I For while a man is speechless he's A riddle I Nor can any form An idea whether summer breeze, Or April show'r, or winter storm His voice resembles, till he speaks; And if he's not in vocal mood They may remain for weeks and weeks Wrapped in a blest incertitude I Men next of speech make blunders great, But silence is no blunderer; All trip at times in things they state, But those who don't speak cannot err In what they say; and so, we see, Silence excels all argument, For, while you speak not, you may be Wise, erudite, benevolent I JENNIE ARTHUR. 10.-In a Devonshire lane, where the wild-flowers growl And blackberries shine in the sun, And the hedges high creep up to the sky, And the whispering brooklets run, Gaily Drusilla came tripping- Dainty Drusilla came tripping. In a Devonshire lane, where the wild-flowers grow, And the first is so steep and hard, Where the wayside green, with the sun.lent sheen, Delighteth the eye of the bard, Sunburnt young Jamie came whistling- Handsome young Jamie came whistling. In a Devonshire lane, where the wild-flowers grow, And the path is not very wide, Where the hum of bees and the gentle breeze Make sweet music on either side, They met, and their eyes glanced shyly- They blushed, and their eyes glanced shyly. In a Devonshire lane, where the wild-flowers grow, Where the birds sang sweet erstwhile, On a tree top tall sat a Cupid small, And be smiled such a roguish smile I! Smiled as he noted their blushes- Laughed he with glee at their blushes. In a Devonshire lane, where the wild-flowers grow, In the glare of the noonday sun, Shot a Cupid's dart, and it pierced each heart, Heigh.-ho but the deed was done, Done 'midst the love-birds' sweet singing- Only the love-birds here singing. In a Devonshire lanu, where the wild-flowers grow, Ere the sun grew red in the sky, Oh, a tale was heard, and the answering word- But he next in her eyes the reply. Surely you'll guess what they told him- Guess what the maiden's eyes told him I EDITH K. RENDLE AND MARION TAYLOR. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 11.-" When bright the stars are shining, I thee, dear one, will see; Then we, our arms entwining, Will wander o'er the lea. And while the moon doth brighten The sward beneath our feet, Our converse we will lighten With words of love so sweet." Last lover met the maiden, So beautiful, so fair, And o'er the grass, dew laden, Did walk that comely pair. Alas I 'twould have been better Had they not met that eve; Or if he must have met her, Soon to have ta'en his leave. For in the village churchyard They two lie side by side; And if thou wilt there search hard The stone that them dnth hide, There thou wilt find engraven, In letters broad and deep, " This man was not a craven: She did her promise L ,p:" And, reading first, wilt wonder What great deeds they did do: "Did man put them asunder, And death but joined the two P" No, friend. "In spite of warning, These faithful lovers met; The shoes his feet adorning Were patents, black as jet; And hers were dainty slippers, Fit but for the fireside; The night winds " reg'lar clippers :' They both caught cold and died. TIrY. 12.-Though dreary your voyage o'er life's stormy sea, Be patient, be steadfast, be bold; RIemember, though gloomy the prospect may be, A stoutfirst is better than gold. Though round you may gather the clouds of despair, Though sorrow's cold blast may distress, All sailors have had such grim burdens to bear, Now fortune their courage dosh bless; Hold firm to the helm, never turn to the side, Or else thy frail barque will be lost; Then at length you will next o'er the roll of the tide The songs of the heavenly host. E. A. CA. OaAR. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrativc.) 13.-The sky was dark, the night was cold and dreary, I wandered on; No star illumed my way, so lone, so weary- Was hope all gone P "Is hope all gone P" a wind-voice cried, repeating My words of grief. " O weary soul, life's pleasures are but fleeting, Its triumphs brief; lhe world is hollow, hard, and insincere, And full of gloom; But there is peace, O sad one, far from here- Beyond the tomb. Then go thy way; the star of hope shall guide thee To happyrest; And if, on earth, some troubles sore have tried thee, He knoweth best." MAUDE DOUcLAS. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole- tion. and transposition, but leaves a perfect word arter each operation.) 14.-My inhole you will find in enjoyment; Curtail it, and then transpose, What Young Folks Paper does well deserve You will in my next disclose. My central letter now kindly change, Then all of them shift about, A word that means to get worse again You'll surely iu third find out. Behead menow, and I pass away; Bdhead once more and curtail, STranspose me noW, my last is a stroke Which youngsters often bewail. D. MoaRIs, Glasgow.
METAGRAMS. (Changethe first letter of a word to form another wordJ 15.-A bunch of bonny, glowing flowers Has mother round her chair- Her children five, her darling ones, So fresh, so sweet, so fair. There's Nannie, with the eyes of blue And teeth of rparkling pearl, With golden hair and carmine cheeks, A beauteous little girl. There's Lily, with the white, white skin, And sweet and thoughtful eyes, In which a world of joy and hope And deep affection lies. There's Harry, with the nut-brown hair And smiling, saucy face, In which afirst and noble heart And clear last one can trace. And then there's roguish little Mab, With hair like raven's wing, With sloe-black eyes which now and then Bright glances each side fling Of hidden merriment and joy, Of glowing childish love, Which in their sweet unconsciousness A lovely spirit prove. And, lastly, there's the tiny babe, Outstretched on mother's knee, The sweetest, softest little thing T'hat ever eyes could see; With pretty hands like pink sea-shells, And sweetly dimpling face, With lovely rounded infant limbs, Replete with infant grace. And these are mother's household flowers, Her lovely children five; She smiles with them, she grieves with them, And for them does she live. They are her hope, her joy, her pride, And ne'er will cease to be To her the sweetest, brightest flowers That e'er on earth can be. MAGGIE E. DENNY, Roscrea. 16.-How sweetly sings the sparkling brook, Tumbling o'er moss-tipped rock and stone- On, through cranny and fiow'r-lit nook- Laughing to scorn the willow's moan! The feathered songsters on the wing Their glad lays warble full of praise, All welcoming the verdant spring- Most happy of the flst's displays. The may-bespangled hedges shed Their fragrance o'er the fresh green heath ; The fragile cowslip bows its head In pensive last, lest it beneath A mortal's tread unheeded die; The buttercups deep yellow gleam, And, with their white-frilled neighbours, lie Like sons and stars-a countless team. The sheep-bell's merry notes resound Afar o'er valley, dell, and hill, The lambkins in their gambols bound; And with their plaintive bleatings fill The spring-morn air. The budding trees Their long arms spread towards the sky, As if they'd fain all sunshine seize, Or court it from iti throne on high. All honour to thee, springtime glad- Gay messenger of warmer days! Exalting hearts, which erst were sad, Refining them 'neath thy kind rays; And, when thou partest from our midst- Fulfilled thy duties for the year- We'll ne'er forget the good thou didst, The little time thou lingered here I A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. 17.-There once was a youth of undoubted precocity Who used to write cons. with astounding velocity; So first he'd write them that, scarce was he seated To write a con., when, lo ! it was completed. And strange though it may seem, the fact's undoubted, No riddle that he ever wrote was flonted, But every con. was joyfully accepted ; He took it calmly--'twas what he expected. But this, 'twas certain, could not last for ever: The crisis came, and he, erstwhile so clever, Received the crushing news, " Your con.'s declined; It is unsuitable." Away he pined i Ah, yes, he'd felt the pangs of disappointment, And as he knew no precious healing ointment, He pined away; 'twixt life and death he hovered; He sank beneath the blow, and ne'er recovered. GEE GEE, Bristol. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 18.-Mine be the eager, willing hand Stretched forth to welcome to our band Our kindly, cheery lady friend; And may success on her. attend Till each and all cry out, " Well done I Right bravely tried, right bravely wonl" Though Miss J. Arthur's not unknown To those who throng around the throne Whereon our famous "Tourney" queen In undisputed right is seen, It is her first appearance here, And well deserves a friendly cheer. And now my pleasant task is o'er, And silent is the bard once more, Contented if his feeble pen Has tempted forth our friend again To grace with pleasant verse our page; And may her cons. become the rage. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 19.-My first will show a kind of knot- You'll guess, if you are wise ; Reverse, and you will have a place Where water stagnant lies. T. D. REID, Li~erpool. ENIGMA. 20.-Thrice, please, a certain vowel write, Then quickly cull from Latin next; Six hundred (Roman style) aright Reduce to common English text. Now, friends, I've not a doubt you'll find About six letters in your hand ; Correctly spelt, they'll soon remiud You of a distant Western lend. AGONISTES. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostlc. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in t5igures.) Foundation Wore. 21.-My primals to you clearly show A liquid, pure and white as snow, Cross Words. 1,000 and hot An insect now is seen. 551 ,, near An island known to yon. 1,050 ,, neat To grieve it is., I ween. 50 .. eke Part of a ship you view. RoB ARCBER. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 22.--'Twas in the corner of the cot- The place I knew quite well; .And ifmy ist could only speak, A nete, no doubt, 'twould tell, ExcALss, Pqdstowe.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanling but the same in sound.) 23.-Extremely meek was Theophilus Bloggs, The Sultan of Kerrikorkoo, One wife had he, but the neighbours said she Had tongue for a hundred or two. Her maiden name was Eliza Muldoon, Strong armed and hotheaded was she, Though Bioggs oft said that before they were wed, She always was mild as could be. From long ago in the annals of time Each Sultan of Kerrikorkoo Had owned the lives of some hundreds of wives, As right royal Sultans should do; And meek Theophilus favoured this plan Of showing his dignity grand, So Miss Muldoon, in the month of June, Annexed Sultan Bloggs and his land. All life was sweet to Theophilus Bloggs, The Sultan of Kerrikorkoo, For, like a child, so excessively mild Was little Eliza the true. Then came a change, for, the honeymoon o'er, And Theophilus' love first cold, One day said he, " It's apparent to me The harem another would hold." Then slowly rose to her feet Mrs. B., Sultana of Kerrikorkoo, Seized Bloggs' fair hair, banged him out of his chair, And pounded him black, green, and blue. Again Jloggs sat in his soft, easy chair, Eliza the fair by his side; And lasts a score were o'erheard as he swore No other should be his bride. PaIIo, Dundee. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to torm another word.) 24.-Rufus never bore the trace Of a smile upon his face, But had been a hypochondriac from birth; Like a certain Mr. Jones, He was full of sighs and groans, And had never known the ecstasy of mirth. Puns he did abominate, Jokes he couldn't tolerate; He would frown when other folks with laughter roared. News of aught that sounded grim- Murders, deaths-just suited him; Oh, I tell you all enjoyment he abhorred. Now, for instance, once he strolled With an "only" jfist, I'm told, When they saw a person chasing his new hat; And our Rufus grew so wild When his boon companion smiled, And he never spoke to him again for that. When dark clouds defaced the sky, Well Ihe knew it; but, oh, my ! Of the sunshine he was never known to talk. Yoe like weather bright and warm, But he last preferred a storm ; And at night he'd go through churchyards for a walk I ARicn at B., Kentish Town. 25.-He first he was a poet, And that others might know it, He next his hair to grow as long as o'er it would. His hat was quite alarming, His (h)attitude was charming; The name of this young man was Jeremiah Hood., And would you really think that Young ladies he could wink at, When their respected mas and pas were out of sight ; I know to some young misses He even gave some kisses, And he knew that such things were far from being right.* He walked out ev'ry morning Just when the day was dawning, ," To get fresh air," he said; but I know 'twas to meet A girl. Oh, how I hate her ! I could annihilate her, Not because, oh, not because she always dresses neat. Oh, dear! I'm nearly crying, But I'll my tears lie drying, Because I want to- (oh, the nasty little elf !) Now, to my tale do listen, With ire your eyes will glisten When I state to you that-1 ocanted hinl myself! J. S. GUFFICIr, Pickering. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 26.-Dear friends, pray sympathize with me; I next I am a wretched poet. " What is it, friend, that troubles thee ?" You kindly ask. Well, you shall know it. I could write sonnets by the score, And odes on each and ev'ry clime, If I could only (such a bore I) Fix always on a proper rhyme. So now. to ease my troubled mind, A few examples I will give To prove how hard it is for me To bear 'gainst adverse fate-to live. For instance, if I write a lay Commencing thus : " The Eastern zephyr "- To my great horror and dismay, I fail to find a rhyme but hoifer. Or should I sit me first to write A love song on the arts of Cupid, I try in vain, friends, to alight On a more fitting rhyme than stupid. Yes, rhyme and rhythm are still my bane, The fruitful source of all my trouble, The cause of all my woe and pain, The- Quantum sus. Rhyme's but a bubble. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy.