IE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. l rs etter of .alword, rleavt ng an other word. exprossed thc firestl in the narratiye.
fib pleaSuSO of the keenest, with feelings of delight, eithPeble pen in hand a few poor words to write. e ofl the riddlers have written oft of me, -.- ! tie I should return their welcome fealty, foremost of these trusty friends, one known in days fold, Is Philo, brave and bold. -0nightI bononur, who is chivalrous and true, Series,full of genius, are matched by only few, se U e is inexhaustible, whose heart is light and `',in nig thoughts, expressed in words, drive w far away. the bright st'eam of poesy in him for ever flow- Our valiant Ivanhoe. ther name re.echoes through my heart, and I wouild Lpe tribute to a knight who well deserves our raise; aic fingers, draws the misty veil of care heir m every heart, and shows that unknown joys have we seonn gldness, fun, and every other mood- Our true Sam Wood. iManchester a singer comes, and bears the harp of well we love and welcome each appearance of his ea;rs his gay young voice has filled our hearts with 'oe dvliehs, anye of the riddlers have owned his matchless f old, he hastens to the front, so bold and free- Our friend A. Amberley. other knight I much admire, and he, with heart and and oeldedwell the pen of Fame; for throughout all our band eame is more admired than his, a name we gladly ut speaks to us in thrilling accents, true and sweet. words of praise repeated in each heart still stir him on- Our brave R. Jefferson. every town our riddlers hail, and fain am I to sing sraises of each clever knight and lady in our ring, wishes are not horses, and so beggars cannot ride; to the earnest, faithful ones around on every side thing I say-where'er we go, whether we rise or fall, We're true friends all. NELLc IWVATsON, Cheshunt. -Oh, dear, oh, dear, that wife of mine- Would she had never crossed my path I told her once she was divine, But all she said was " Go to Bath !" When years ago I courted her- Ah, happy were those early days I- And ou my breast supported her, She murmured, " Come, now, what's the craze ?" And asked that fatal question that Has caused me bitter grief and pain, Her answer was affirming, flat- Said she, " Now, Charlie, try again." Ididn't, but I married her- She swore to honour, love, obey; And when I home then carried her, Mfethonght I'd ta'en a prize away. But ne'er was man so cruelly " sold:" 'Tis 1 who have to her obey; Her bearing, too, is harsh and cold, Yet hot enough 'neath temper's sway. Her hair I thought so beautiful Upon a chair e, ch night is hung, And I, her husband dutiful, Am strictly told to hold my tongue. I often think and groan the while How calmly she a smile had r deised When, in my courting days, I'd pile Sweet verses that her tresses praised. And then to think that they are false- Her teeth but gems of dentist's skill I That wife, with whom I loved to waltz, Deceived me-she's a bitter pill ! R. W. AnDRws, Hampstead. The snow falls softly to the ground, and the little boys are sliding : filst the youths with the skates are circling round, Or merrily onward gliding. ad I yell and shout as I run about, iokt a being devoid of reason, ad I grin with delight at the pleasant sight,- Ilhrrah I for the winter season. re boys place sticks before my toes, And I take a graceful '! header ;" 'llst my cheeks grow as red as the red, red rose, And my nose just a trifle redder. I snowballs thrown from some place unknown Fill my ears and scare my reason ; disnow-dew fine trickles down my spine,- Inurrah! for the winter season. mg Frost, the summer's grdatest foe, Shows what a humour he's in; or he makes the youngsters p. If and blow, And keeps their noses freezing. o di skate about, and yell and shout Witiont either rhyme or reason, oil fall witlh a whack on the broad of my back,-- Hurrah ! for the winter season. J. KNNEI)D, Mliddlesborough. (A Qoveay.) Was it for this Lord aLyron died, " Who dreamed that Greece might still be free "- To hav his name and fame denied Because he strove for liberty ? Iave Englishmen their bard denied The honours of centenary P Was it for this Lord Byron died, Whose verses hearts and passions moved P Can it be said no heart replied To songs which Greeks alone have loved P Do EBglish souls their bard deny Bis hundredth anniversary ? Was it for this " Monfred " was writ, Sardanapalus' halls were lit- To own their author's name decried, Hislaurel-wreat, s of fame denied ? Wms it for this Lord Byron died For Greece, whose heart alone replied ? s Byrou, tears were shed for thee, o , ght for Grecian liberty !- ba dreamed that, Greece might still be free" ! I0 oel has duly wept for thee. Wa for this Lord Byron died, And nobly Athenous ins replied. LoCEIuos. U.At first'twoulid takeo your life away, h8ao all your hpeos and blessings idll 50istlad if, l I thlnk you'll say Tie word is most unkind, ani ill. J. W. SoarLL,
NARRATIVE MONOPHONE, (Words of different meaning, but the same in sounl, expressed in tile narrative.) 6.-Ricky Murphy was six feet four, Biddy Brady w:as four feet six; He was thin, she was slim, He loved her, she loved him, So they hastened the knot to fix. So they hastened the knot to fix, For their love would not brook delay, And the neighbours were there To behold the brave pair At the altar join banns that day- At the altar join hands that day And the vows to each other make-- To be loving and true, Whatsoe'er might accrue, Until death should the union break. Until death should the union break, Hand and heart were the twain made one; And sublime was tbe joy Of the bride and the "bhoy " When the marriage-rites all were done. When the marriage-rites all were done, And the couple had settled down, Micky found to his cost That his freedom wal.s lost, And no more could he run the town. And no more could he run the town, For sweet Biddy would frown and fame, And, so strong was her arm, There was cause for alarm When the poker whirred through the room. When the poker whirred through the room, Biddy sweet was athirst for gore; And she let people know She was mistress, although Micky Murphy was six feet four. PsILO, Glasgow. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of I word. leaving another word.) 7.-" Come into the garden, M cud," And she came last summer's day; The sun was out, and alh life abroad, And nature in beauty lay; 'Twas a pity she was so sweet, For the ,ees a visit paid, And she made good use of her fairy feet, And gained the door's cool shade. " Come into the garden, Maud;" But she answered me like this: "The summer-time is a great big fraud, And never a while of bliss. Just look at my visage now ! I was fair, but now I'm dark; Time writes his wrinkles on the brow, But the sun will make his mark." "Come into the garden, Mand," And she came last winter's day, When thick snow covered the once green sod, And frost held fullest sway; It nipped both hands and feet, And reddened her dainty nose, Then she made good time with footsteps fleet, And gained the fire's repose. " Come into the garden, Maud," I sang another day, " For the snow is gone, and the ice is thawed, And the cold is first away." She gazed with heavy eyes, And looked me through and through; Her grief found vent in awful sighs, And she murmured, " Chew-at-chew I" "Come into the garden, Maud." But she never will come more; And pa has in pickle a nice stout rod, And he swears he'll make me sore If I ever come again Where my feet so oft have trod, And sing the plaintive and soothing strain, "Come into the garden, Maund." IVANHOE, Belfast. 8.--Now, readers bold, for me please search, you'll find me in the sea; In regions cold my home is there, and there will ever be; But, strange to say, if I am ill, or even if I'm dead, And you decapitate me, then you'll make me strong instead. But, just as strange, again behead, then something I disclose Which often makes a fellow fall upon his little nose. E. LEIDHOLD. 9.-My first is a place where we very often sit; Behead it, and I think you will na.ree At one p.m. we're busy, yes, we're on the job a bit, And ditto with a cosy cup of tea. Take up the chopper once again, behead it then and there, And you'll find it is a preposition signifying where. J. W. SEWELL. 10.-The soldiers standing all in line Express my first. Now you behead, The scene is quickly changed-you see A rippling stream appears instead. Decapitate once more-ah me, The last we do not want to be. W. H. BLACKa, Peckham. DOUBLE DELETION. (Drop the first and last letters cf a word to form another word.) 11.-Singing, sweetly singing, Is the f rst one to his love, Falling, swiftly falling, Is a brickbat from above; The old man's at the window, His eyes are shining bright; He holds aloft another bick, Then hurls it with his might. Reclining, yes, reclining, Is that lover last the ground: Running, slowly running, Is his life-blood all around; Those bricks had struck his poor pate, His skull was fractured bad; He ne'er again will serenade His own sweet love's dear dad. Sleeping, calmly sleeping, Is the youth who singing tried, Weeping, gently weeping, Is the maid for whom he died. Her pa was tried for murder By twelve thick-headed flats; "Not guilty" was the verdict, "Because h tholsught 'twas cts !o " Take warning, pray, take warning, You who love a maiden fair; Listen, do, please, listen- Don't disturb the calm night air. You may love your darling Nellie, You may together roam; PBut do not try to charm her If her pa should be at home ! APosTRnoPn. ARITHMOREM. (An ncrostic. The letters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in ficures.) Fo~ndation Word. 12.-Of man, my ehole's a faithful friend. Cross Words. 14500 and san A delicious fruit. 10 ,, ~lo A tbwn in lancashire, J6,, norga An Ein~i earl. V. D. TA'rtot, Warringlon.
NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 13.-Some men are born to high estate, And some are born to low; Some rise above the common fate, And others sink below ; And some are born to rue, my friend, The day theo first could see; But what is that to you, my friendP And what is that to me? Some live in places low and vile, Too low to fear to fall ; Some live in ease, grow fat, and smile, And some can't live at all; Yes, some can't live, 'tis true, my friend, But then to starve they're free, So what is t£hat to you, my friend, And what is that to me ? Some live amongst a world of chaff, And some a world of woe; Some live to eat, and s ,me to laugh, And some exist for show; And some, though not a few, my friend, Live chiefly on the spree ; But what is that to you, my friend, And what is that to me ? Some say and think that for their part, And take it on the whole, This world was made without a heart, And never had a soul; And everything they do, my friend, This fact they'll let you see; But what is that to you, my friend, And what is that to me P Some like the winter, some the spring, And some the autumn skies; And all are grumbling at a thing Another man would prize; But let them bake or freeze, my friend, The fact is not less true, That you are one of these, my friend, And I am one of you. H. A. TAYLon, Birkenbead. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a w,,rd to form another word, ex* pressed in the narrative.) 14.-Will you welcome to the "Tournament" Another trusty knight ? He'll prove a worthy ornament, And riddles will indite. And so I crave of great and small That you'll receive with pleasure all The riddles I shall write; And that you'll try to help me win Some interesting honours in The "Tournamental" fight. So, readers, be prepared to view My name in Y. F. P.; I'll faithful prove to all of you, If you'll be true to me. I shall not, really, friends, assume A pettifogging nom do plune ; My right name you shall see. But now my supplication curls, I say farewell to all my friends Who in the " Tourney" be. P. F. Born. NARRATIVE BETA.O IEGRAM. (Change the second and last letters of a word t o form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-Dear Nellie, to you I am singing A sweet little song, nothing more; A message to you I am winging From out my poetical store. You mentioned in terms, oh, so sweetly, In your excellent verses, my name I It filled me with rapture completely, And I thank you, dear friend, for the same; Yes, your voice ever welcome and cheerful, Rang gaily o'er our loving throng. ' Twas with pleasure I read those few words that you said, As with soft silent tread I went up to bed And laid down my head to sleep, but instead Pondered long o'er each " Tournament" song. Dear Philo, of you I am thinking, As I sit by the fire so bright; Myriad stars seem incessantly winking Out in the clear frosty night. You said in your con. I was sprightly- I thank you, kind friend, from my heart; And whether or not you said rightly, I'll hid all dull sorrows depart, And join you in swelling a chorus Of praises both hearty and strong. You'll call me a lout, I've not the least doubt, You'll put all to rout what I'm writing about, And raise up a shout, it may be with the gout, Hurrah for the " Tournament" song 1 J. G. NIscuLLS, Milton, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wtr.l) 16.-Give me welcome, gallant riddlers, I'm a novice in the fray, But I mean to do my utmost In the " Tourney" fight to-day. From the famous land of Homer I have come to bear a part In the " Tournamental" struggle, For the lady of my heart. So all you gallant knights who love To break an ashen lance, To win the prize of high renown 'Neath sirs fair lady's glance, Come, ride a tilt, a gallant tilt, With this new stranger knight, Who's next across the stormy sea To rival you in might. And all you ladies who may love The gallant "Tournament," Have pity on a loving knight, Who by his love was sent . To battle for her well and true In lands beyond the seas, Who, when he's gained a famous name, May live in love and ease. ALCIBIADeS. 17.-Only a little faded daisy, Old and torn, of hue bereft, Yet it reminds me of the gaze he Threw upon me as he left. Only a little faded flower, Yet 'tis sweet--how sweet to me! For it brings all back-that bower Where my Bob and I had tea. Only a little faded present Left me as he bade" Good-bye" , When he saw it LIst 'twas crescent, Now I see it fade and die. Oh, how first he was to secol~d That my love would not be true! But four years to now I've reckoned Since from me consent ise drew. But I've got his dainty daisy Safe in heart; and though I may Look upon it with eyes hazy, Still, he's coming home to-day. S. ne BEsAr. CONUNDRUM. 18.-Now, all good riddlers, try To tall me, if you can, What is the dfferonce tiween ITak anti an Engllmhuman P G. S. Asnrs.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMI. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.) 19.-The "Tourney" two knights of renown now pos. sesses, Whose titles we're getting accustomed to see; Their cons. are diverting, and each one professes To emanate from what is called Zun der Zee. To us they're confusing; in fact, they are cloaking The slrnames 'neath titles of meaning devoid; And while we admire their great liking for joking, (We've many a good hearty laugh oft enjoyed), We wish to be able to pierce t~heir disguising; Perchance we are aided by Warrington's bard, Who, after a failure, in mode most surprising, Succeeded in causing J. K. to discard The guise which so long had his surname enshrcnuded; Perhaps that has helped us to make an attempt To clear up a myst'ry perplexingly clouded, Though from failure we know we're not wholly exempt. Oh. Schueider and Arrow (the word" Broad" omitting), We've studied your cons. and your tites for long, And now we've concluded it's highly befitting To give our solution, correct or if wrong. And if quite successful should be our conclusion (Reverse, we may tell you, we heartily dread), You'll not feel offended at this weak effusion, Or anything that we within it have said. These bright, witty riddlers with humour o'erflowing, Who lately their utmost have done to bewitch, We guess are, although not amounting to showing, Known better to others as Clearchos and Stritch. J. STOCxs AND IHIAWATHIA. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another wor hin the narratsve.) 20.-" The night was dark and stormy, The wind was howling loud, The shutters wildly rattled, And to the tempest bowed." (" Oh, did they ?" quoth the editor, As he the four lines read. " h bo 'er heard of shutters bowing? We'll see what next is said.") " The rain was ouickly falling, And soon the flaes were wet; The moon was darkly hidden, The night I'll ne'er forget." (" Should think not I" said the editor, Determined to make tun, And so he continued reading While munching at a bun.) " While seated in my chamber, A thought flashed through my mind, ' This night is truly awful, Just listen to the wind.' " (" Oh, gracious I" groaned the editor, " I cannot print this stuff, So in the basset it must go, As I've had quite enough.") Tan, Manchester. 21.-Hymeneal vows have drawn nearer two hearts, United for ever and aye, Together to gather the roses of life, Brave the shine and shadow of day. 'Midst clouds that must lower, and griefs that must come, May happiness brighten thy home; May all that is nearest and all that is dearest Be thine, as the sea to its foam ; May all the drear shades that change day into night Ne'er gloomily hover above you; May all the fair fruits of your nuptials unite To honour, to help, and to love you. The springtime of life (girlhood) has flowered and bloumed, And summer-time (womanhood) dawns; May the seeds thou hast sown in the spring that has flown Yield fruitage of sunniest morns. h ay the autumn and winter that distantly loom MIake strong thy affectionate love, And trusting, though weary, His e'ershining star, Find a haven eternal above. VIOLET DAVIES AND V. D. T. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrative.) 22.-I once saw a beautiful sunset, The brightest I e'er had seen, 'Twas a glorious western island In the midst of a sea of green; The purple and distant hilltops Wore tinged with the golden rays, And the west grew brighter and brighter Till it seemed to my longing gaze Like a beautiful, peaceful island, Far off in the distant west, tV here a weary and fainting spirit, Might dream of a perfect rest. LILIAN DouGLAs, London. META-OMEGRAM. (Chasse the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 23.,-I passed two turnings in a narrow lane, And, thinking first some hostelry to gain, Turned down the right, but soon my error found, For all that path with pitfalls did abound. So wont I hack, and down the left then turned, And found a hostel where a next fire burned. So may this sentence be of sense bereft- The left was right, and so the right was left; To put the matter in another light, The eright was wrong, and so the wrong was riglt. ROBERT LE DIABLE, ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 24.-I love to skim across the whole so smooth, That glints and glitters in the pale moonlight; For what is more enjoyable to youth" Than skating, on a calm and frosty night ? Cross Words. First is a Young Folks riddler, brave and bold; And in my next a Yankee State you'll view; My last a Scottish city will unfold; And now, dear riddling friends, 1'11 say " Adieu." LoNG SNOWSHOE, Bathgato. -'ci'