RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word arl'e trnnspose, nld form anlother word II thle Ilrlerative.
l.-What infinite pleasure to sing of his worth ! What ruttule intense to applaud hii ! A friend who was far fronm the land of his birth, And far from the hearts that adored him. For two nights I dreamt that the demon of death In its shadowy form overhung him; And the third night 1 dreamt it had stilled his breatlh, Laid its hand on his bosom and stung him. I wept through the day at the thought of my friend, Yet I dreant in the cold earth they low'red him ; I sadly sighed over his pitiful end, And cursed the harsh fate that o'erpow'red him. I)ay dawned, and I mourned; night frowned, and I slept, But only to dream I had lost him ; And all through my slumbers I wearily wept, That while young in his yeaS s death had cross'd him. I fancied I saw them build up at his head A stone where the damp earth euclasped him. I awoke-and, great powers! he btood by mly bed, And I swooned on his breast as I grasped him! H. C. PiucE, Southwark. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of it word. leaving another word.) 2.- Dying is the gallant soldier, far away in India's land, 'Neath a sun of torrid fierceuess, tended by a comrade's hand; Pale and trembling, weak and shrunkeu, is the form once lithe and strong, And the toldier, lying nerveless, feels that Death will not be lung. See, his comrade kneels beside him, and first tears are tflwing fast, At the bitter thought of parting from his only friend at last. " Take this packet to the loved one-we were rivals, Jack, you know- Give it her, and say I loved her, loved her since d iys long ago. " Say I fought for England's glory, say I fell for home and beauty; Tell her, J;Lck, whate'er has tempted, still I tried to dv my duty. Large and clear the moon is rising-one short hour it will be risen, And my tired soul already struggles to escape from prison. " See the faces hov'ring o'er me ; heavenly sounds are floating near' Kiss me, oh, my love of olden, for your face is ever here. Clasp Ine, angels high in heaven-take me"-- liere his voice was still, And the soldier, tired and wearied, bowed befo:e his Maker's will. Where the daisies thickly gather in the long grass, lank and green, She next lying. O'er her loved form but a broken cross is seen. Leigues away the gallant soldier lieth 'neath the burn- ing sand, lie has joined his love of olden in a bright and better land. G. MANYWEATHEInS, CIIHAADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 3.-Brave knights and ladies, lend your ears, And list awhile to me, While I relate that which appears In tales of chivalry. A northern knight once left his home, He left his lady fair; lIe braved the stormy ocean's foam The holy strife to share. With a brave neat still lived the dame, And tears of grief s:ae shed, Until a wandering palmer came And said her lord was dead. That night she left her castle tall, And to the Jirst she rode, And there within a convent wall She took up her abode. But her stout knight had not been klled; He soon was homeward borne; And he with sore dismay was filled To find his lady gone. But soon he found out her retreat, And, like a total, he Paced uip and down, with rapid feet, Before the swelling sea. A. E. lIOOrrt. 4.-Aun elderly gentleman taking a stroll, With the heat of the day was oppress'd; O'ercome with fatigue alter walking a league, He thought he would have a short test. So he sat himself down on the top of a mound That happened just then to be near; When beneath and around a most curious sound Struck his first, and he heard it with fear. The mound he was sitting on crumbled and fell, Alas ! 'twas my second of bees; O'er hill aad o'er dell there arose such a yell, Far and wide it was borne by the breeze. For a moment or two he scarce knew what to do, Then he suddenly made up his mind; Like an arrow he flew, but the bees still pursue- He couldfeel they still followed behind. It was what a sailor would term " a stern chase," Every sting was as sharp as a knife ; You'd have thought by his pace he was running a race In the wchole-so he was-for his life. We know the effect of a spur on a steed, Of a sting much the same may be said. Soon he reached his inn door, then he fell on the floor, And, half.fainting, was carried to bed. CRIMSOs ST.,n. Stratford. 5.-Away, away, through brake and bush, A way, o'er fields of dew ! lie swiftly runs, but swifter rush 'The foemen that pursue. '* My first is fleet, but fleeter yet Are we who give him play ; My second, lady fair, I bet We see him die to-day. Sly smiled my first. " Because I'm slow, You think you're swift indeed. I'm old and stiff, worse luck I but know That cunning conquers speed." He swam the brook, and off he stole, While wildly went the run; My first was ldst among my w'holc; My second were not won. Ikon BooT. OIIEGItAM. (The last letter of a word is changedl to form another word.) 6.-A pproach, ye gentle ladies, and each clever " 'roarney" knight, M y object at this moment is endeavouring to write. Y on comprehend that primal is a colour very pretty, B3 y George! I think that sentence is uncommon terse and witty. 0 f course that line's not wanted, but I put it all the same. Emphatically, I think, friends, that my second will proclaim- " H ere, stop!" I hear you shouting, "for that line is not required." M y gracious! what a nuisance, I'm really growing tired I E ndeavour for my second to alight upon a measure, R ight well I know yu'll get it when you have a little leisure. J. A. MAanAsHaLL,. CONUNDRUM. 7.-Pray tell me-that is, If you can- Dear sirs, what a yard measure Resembles most ? 1' leave you now To hind out at your leisure. Anci =n B., Kentish Town.
ENIGMAS. S.-In the duark, unfathomable depths of the ocean I wave oser rich Leds of craraline red ; 'Mid the ruins of ages, and ships, sand, and shingle A pillow I form, and a yet living bed; 'I, id the maze of the jungle I thrive in profusion; Where stately old castles in grim grandeur rear; Ou the banks of the river you also will find me, And < ften bad coxs'ns will into me steer; Yet in every garden I have some odd corner; On broad trackless prairies I ever abound; Be, weeu cranny and crevice, and in the hot desert, Yet .'en on your wiudow.sill I may be found; On the eminence high of the far-reaching mountain; 1 still may be traced in the depths of each nook; And adown by the side of the crystal.like streamlet, And thick on the banks of the breeza-rippled brook; Far away in the fields among sweet-smelling clover I'm seen, while upon me the young lambkins run And detect me you may by the side of the hedgerovw, Where wild flowers hold up their heads in the sun. Yet, again. oue more instance remains to be cited Regarding the places to which I ley claim, Aud i or that search the pipe which is joy to the smoler, And if you don't find ime-why, yours is the blame. WALLIS AND (RAHAITI . -'m liked by each Scot, and though uncommonly hot, Thley take me with o itmneal, cayenne, and what not. ' 1 is true that their climate is colder a lot Thau a great many more of which you and I wet; But they always are thankful that me they have got! Yet what may appear still more strange of the Scot Is that all other people, in palace or cot, Their " home on the mountain," or " in the cool grot," In every known land or habitable spot, Whether spread out in numbers or only a knot, Fromn the cold Sinn, or Russ. to the warm lHottentot, With others whose names I have really forgot, Than have me to live with, they'd rather be shot ! You'll say that from Ingoldsby I'm taking a dot; I don't say I am, end don't say I am not; But the rhymes are all good, with nor blemish or blot, And your task only is to fiud out I am--Wlhat I 1t. C. Lor:LESS, Birmingham. METAGRAd1S. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-Where you ever acquainted with one Jabez Suook Who forever was talking of lords, earls, and denoks? lie would sit for an hour first an ancient elmu tree, And narrate to me scraps of his past history: It appears that his grandfather, noble by birth, And descended from William the Conqueror, was worth At his next, a few millions, no less or no more, And yet Jabez himself, sir, was poor, oh! so poor. )iEd I ask him the reason, he'd shake his small head, And reply that it mattered not now hope had fled. lie would tell me it pleased him to think of the time When my Lord So-and-so was still in his full prime, When the Duchess of Somewhere was graciously pleased, For to dance with his lordship she so often teassea. And so Jabez would tell you of ev'ry event That concerned the affairs of, say, Earls Dough and Dent~ But the cause of his pover:y: " Why, bless my pate!" He'd exclaim at the end, " I forgot to relate How it was that Dame Fortune deserted J. S. As the hour now is late, you'll excuse me ?" Oh, yes. A. LIGH'rTLLEP 11.-When the broad and mighty ocean rolls between The trav'ller and the country of his birth, Of wand'ring tired, he fondly thinks of first, And longs again to tread his native earth. Full many a grand cathedral has he seen, With noble next uplifted to the skies; But, tired of nil, his little village church Would be far more attractive to his eyes. To third and other cities he has been, All powerful in days long since gone by; Each had its day of triumph, and then fell, And now, ere long, their very names will die. The restless life now palling on his taste, The tourist seeks once more the rolling main ; Rej icing, when Old England heaves in sight, '1o find himself amongst his friends again. C. . F. BAnREr, lamsgate, 12.-Ramchunder Mustapha Baboo, A handsome and youthful Hindoo, Came to England to school, Where he soon learnt the rule Of adding up sums two and two. Ramehunder Mllustapha Baboo, That youthful and handsome Hindoo, First away from his school, Was brought back, got the rule, Which made him a long time well rue. Riamchuunder Mustapha Baboo, Still handsome, though tearful Hindoo, Last now pretty well see That the strict rule of three Produces a doleful hoo! hooe ! ELBos MIJ. 13.-Where the palm tree doth abound, There my first is always found. A friend or companion, you Will in my second bring to view. A kind of door you will see- Or ought to do-in number three. You love your friend, but yet you know It is not right to fourth your foe. You often run to catch your train, And if you're fifth it gives you painu. The last at which they ran was good; Tue prize was won by Mr. Hood. J, C. COLLIER. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or worls. I -Foundation Words. 14.-Two brother riddlers seen each week W ithiu our " Tourney " gay; In vain to solve their cons. I seek, Such puzz:ing things are they. Cross Wa''d. My friend was quite a first ; so full of joking Was he, that mirth from all he kept provoking. The evening next with sweet perfumes was laden, As forth I went to meet a charming maiden. A female cognomen or Christian name, sirs; Perhaps you know a maid who owns the same, sirs. If to find fourth you are disposed to try, sirs, A simple strip of wood you will descry, sirs. Au Austriau province, which you'll soon discover (tie patient, friends, my riddle's nearly over). Behold my last towards the sky ascending; And now my little con. has reached its ending. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 15.-When you find what is smallest, yon're sure to flnd me; Transpose me for food of inferior degree; Transpose for the plural of a bird which is good; Again, for what we should not do if we could; Ouce more, for material which builders now use; Last of al), wv at we seek when we wish to amuse. SuIrTH AND RaOaERS