RIDDLE TOUR NAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS. I rNFnspose the letters in a word to form another word,)
A'speeimen rare of immaculate -ensiry, Idr- e1olv a single idea of his own; s eclr s-nd cuss in alarming immensity Always conspcuously shown. "- Loaded with vanity, Bit of humanity, Really superlative past a degree, Poor little masher was he! He wasted his time in a manner quite dutiful, Learned how to puff at tremendous cigars, Wersbipped at leisure whate'er he thought beautiful, poamwed out his " Oh's" and his "Ah's"; Used a slang word or two, Thought it absurd to do Aught apertaiing to sense; don't you see, Por little masher was he ! O .life in itself is a marvellous mystery, lade up of mysteries equally rare; Stange are the lives in the annals of history, Queer are the firsts ciphered there; Wonderful, magical, Comical, tragical- Mine is a latter one, you will agree; Poor little masher was he I One morning, alas ! as he strolled in his dignity, Beaming spasmodic distortions the while, Something strange struck him with woful malignity-- Chekeed his career and his smile 1 Incomprehensible ! It was a sensible Idea which struck him with forcible glee- Poor little masher was he 1 lBe struggled against it, but last was ironical ; Ah, but the shame was too much for his pride, t he-'tis writ in the Dude's Daily Chronicle- Struggled, and gurgled, and died I Maybe his vanity Turned to insanity; Beader, I know not, but this you'll agree-- Poor little masher was he ! MAacsnoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 1-Y e knights and gentle ladies, I have dared to write again ID a subject which shall serve, I hope, to blazon each oue's lame; FU nad 'twonuld be to tune my lyre, if not in Y'oung Folks' lraise- Nl sa, kider still, I wish "long life to all who write its lays." Go on, my noble riddling knights and ladies, by the sEore, Forward the " Tourney" first for fame as ne'er ye did bfore. "On ard" shall be our motto, as onward we advance, Losing our courage not, nor last for glint of forman's hare. teenasighted, brilliant Marion, we Ihunmbly beg of thee, 'end ricdles by the hundred for sudh hungry souls as we. ob oert le Diable, where are now your diabolic prongs P- I beg to say we sadly miss your cheerful, dashing sougs. Dear Geraldine, please pity us, invoke your gentle muse, ) are ney orher riddling dame to step into your athiu;,. Let elenerLilian Douglas keep her pennon floating high, fr l rprkling Annie Royston may too quickly pass her To H, A. Taylor, Birkenhead, I boew, in reverence de p. Oh, J, K., Middlesborough, pray, now, don't you go-to sleep; lutil b oung Folks has vanished, and remains a thing long past, light gladly we will welcome all your cons.-so send in fast ! 'eer turn away, Jo-King, for we are always glad to see Ag tllat knight like you, fair sir, though joking you may be! - By heart you've won, dear Queenie, with your lines so true and sweet; Edith oendle, too, so wondrous kind, I also;dare to greet. New, I should fancy it was time this con. should E N D, Till, in some distant, far-off day, I trust youill welcome as!l NELLIE WATsoN, Cheshunt. META-OMEGRAM. Chastho first and last letters of a woid to form another word.) .--I am rhyming, ever rhyming, Length of word and metre timing Trying first to make by chiming Pleasant to the list'ning ear; For to me soft sounds the tinkling, Like the summer rain.drops sprinkling On the bnrstitig bud, and twinkling On the leaf that's sere. So I love to dream and ponder, As through woodlands lost I wander, O'er the springtime, while I squander Thoughts and subjects by the score; And all through the pleasant daytime l am longing for the maytime. PeFor the summer and the haytime, Meadow, brook, and moor. Therefore, when the sun comes gleaming, Through my office window streaming, Then it is my idle dreaming Seems to gather strength add power; And my wayward thoughts grow fonder, Till acloss the hillside yonder, Oh, I'd give the world to wander Just for one Wild hour ! H. A. TAYLoa, Birkenhead. MONOt'HONE. - I'orS of different meanine, but the same in sound.l l-Now, Love was walking out one day longa pleasa-t, flowery way, Intent on fiuding fhis; As fate would have he chanced to see Approaching him what seemed to be A young and pretty mias. ITod dane said hbe, "my charming maid; T . neecls. not be the least afraid-- I rtm thy trnest friend Thy sisters all, you must allow, At ny delightful altar bow, n yd to my wishes bend." n ell, sir," said she, " that may be so; SIs would therefore net to know If Love be not yotu name ? That such t i8 do suspect; nd, though I ay not be correct, I Apnr you all the same. id f0rmsy Siterswhom yo say Your glhtest wish. do now obey, IIYt them indeed. ld thee I do with scorn defy Aud lenys nianll--so now goodb.hye Aid o tb an fridendship need." A.td --l den Opward walked, Ic Jest bold Iove 6f his firnt balked, S,,nd shocked at whFit h'd heard saII h -: idhe, my pretty dear a' .Pe IPledge my wRdq." Ptbcx, flallyinna.
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 5.-Bonny blue-eyed Nancy, Standing in the corn, Whither wanders fancy This sweet autumnal morn P All the birds around you Trill their pretty lays, Singing, " We have found you Worthy of our praise." Flowers by your side, Sun and cloud above you, Brooklet's tinkling tide, All proclaim, "I love you !" There you stand serenely, Beautiful and queenly, In the path dividing Grain from garnered sheaves, While I watch and wait Beyond the five-barred gate, Tender first confiding To the crispy leaves. If I could but venture-- If I only dare Join you over there I But I dread your censure, And I dare not dare. Truly do I wonder- Much I'd like to know How the flowers charm you- Woo, yet not alarm you; What soft minors under Silver trebles flow I Ah, your bright eyes glisten At the tinkling brooklet's song- At its suasive, smooth-voiced chatter; But when I adopt that strain, My ardour's all in vain, For you say I only flatter- That it's really very wrong, And you will not-must not-listen., Oh, were I yonder poppies, My constant chant would be : " No flower adorns the coppice That bears a grace like thee l" Or if the blackbird, thrilliug The woods with rounds of pleasure: "Of all the song-lirds' trilling, Thine is the sweetest measure l" Oh, nort, and stream, and bird, I feel supremely jealous That ye should all be heard While I'm denied a word ; But you, perhaps, can tell us What thoughts her bosom stirred. I meant to venture over, But feared she'd think it rude Upon her to intrude So bluff and rough a lover; And so I'll take my way, And speak some other day. Anry BOEnEsn. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 6.-A simple song I'm going to sing, By-and-by; My voi.ce shall make the " Tourney" ring, By-and-by; Oh, yes, I'll sing in words of cheer Sweet, pleasant words for you to hear, About tach riddler far and near- By-and-by I Oh, yes, I'll speak of service done, By-and-by, And precious trophlna wo have wan. By.aud.by ; This subject's anything but new, And yet I trust 'twill please a few; A better one I'll send to you- By.and.by ! - Dear friends, I'll sing to you again By.and-by ; No doubt you'll listen to my strain By-and-by; Yes, here again I'11 tune my lyre, Refulgent with poetic fire, And sing the songs you most admire-- By.and-by! J. Lswx, Warrington. 7.-A simple song we'll sing to you, If you will give consent, About the maids and knights we view In this our "Tournament." There's Patrick S , the Irish boy, And Philo, of Dundee, Adcock and Coulson now flit by, And so does Archer B. There's Ivanhoe, a famous ]night, And Carpenter, the bold, And Hallam, clad in armour bright, Just like the knights of old. Robert le Diable takes his stand With Mephisto, in gloom, While Pelham, of the flashy brand, Rides 'neath a nInt de plume. We've Drenon, Webb, and David Gow, And Blount we've read of late. Did we not name the ladies now, We should deserve their hate. Oh, see the ladies' names that shine Amidst the tried and true- There's Edith Rendle's voice divine, And Jepnie Arthur's, too; Yet Amy and Eveline Gray, And tuneful Maggie D., And Clara Boebmer's songs so gay, Still shine in this our "T."; Queenie from the great walled city, And Marion, our queen; Annie Kioyston, wise and witty, And lovely Geraldine. But swhere is Lottie W., And clever Rosa B., And others we could inention, who Have swelled the" Riddle T." ?. SsrIAerocr, Rose, AND TuISTLs. NARRATIVE POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different mean. ing with each change of pronunotation, expressed in the. narrtlive ) 8,-Ye riddling-youths and maidens fair, Come, gather in a ring, And listen to a pretty-air " That I to you willasing. r11 sing about "the summer days" (We hope to have a few); I'll sing about "the golden rays," And " sky of azure blue." But perhaps I'd better change my mind; 'Tie now so cold and bleak, The wind'around my form doth wind- I'll sing my song next week. . It piay be sohewhat warmer then- . I'm sure I dannot tell' I promise to dome bark aghin, Anid hope to see you well 6h li: Did I hear you seayyy'd like STo.hear-me play a tune P As I'vye no poet's lyre to strike, I'll blow my old bassoon. '".The Washerwomimn's Waltz" I'll play- A knockl Who'sthatP Great-Scottl . My impish brothor, who toiday d3iAg-i , Lambeth.
ROTATION CH&ANGE. (Change thelottere of a word In snccesslon to form other words.) 9.-For a whole year after the wedding was o'er, Caller On was happy and gay; He had won Bee Gum, and he wanted no more, So he sang and he danced all day. In his hat lay useless his tomahawk grim, And his spear an'd his shield lay by,' For he spent first time in a way new to him, In one long, never-ending sigh. He had next his love for the horrors of war, And avoided the risky trail, Though he joined the chase in the prairie afar, Where his bow was ne'er known to fail. Third his squaw shouldstarve, he pursued the wild game, And fished in the rivers as well; And his goodness quickly so noted became That the squaws their children would tell. . But there came a change, for one terrible night Caller Ou, at the "Feast of Skulls," Joined the revel wild, where, in horrible plight, Braves rioted like maddened bulls. Caller Ou's wild yell sounded louder than all The wild yells of that dusky crew, And he drank "fire water" until he could call For nomore, and quite helpless grew. Glhd he woke from sleep with a burning brain. And homeward he managed to reel, Yet his sweet Bee Gum did not try to comlodain Of the sorrow that she did feel. But she took the brave by the hair of the head, With a club she pounded him welU, For her wrqngs fourth force to her arm, and they lel Her to clinch every blow that fell And that husband wild, quite submissive and meek, There promised he'd never again Last himself to such sprees, for he felt ltulte weak, With his bones all smarting with paiu. FPliLO, Glasgow. MIETAGRAMS. (Change the first lotter of a word to for asnother word.) 10.-Chore Sophronisba, gladly first I take Those s-rious steps that soon would make thee wife; Gladly would I the vows hymeneal make To love and cherish thee thirdugh all my life. But many a doubt pervades my troubled mind; So, though to marry is my wish and will, Until an answer these my queries find, I shall remain in single sorrow still. They tell me that, were you and I to wed, When ceremonies-and myself 1-were done, Though each were single ere those words we said, Yet then, together, we last be but one! Another reason why I think I'll stay A bachelor for all my living days Is that I always have been known to say That marriage is a most illegal craze I For marriage is a 19ttery, 'tis said, And lotteries aroenot allowed to be; So when a silly chap and girl get wed, They both behave illegally-d'ye see ? S. FPAOKilx ANtI G. H. Psnur. 11.-My Poll giggles lately jrst I say good-bye- Shte is tall and stately, little tnma son I; And I often wonder, when [ leave the stile, If 'tis nature's blunder raises up that smile. I'll not recommend hler, for she's noways shy- Tall, and somewhat slender, just a little sly, So I think; and yet, though, were she not so high, Would she las. forget, though, little man am I P i But to.night I'll sound her-I will not be rash t I can get around her with my jingling cash; tAnd if I should finud her fickle, false, and sly, t hd cr r eavo'i s i ,,s1 out jt4i say guod bys. FOOtNOOLICnAl. 12:-I'm afraid my own sex at times Surprise you by their skill At treating men like telescopes- They "draw them out" at will. And who first say they can't see through, And sometimes "shut them up," As though they were but simple toys To next their little cup atr DExNNT, Bidson, TRI PTICHES. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first anld the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 13.-They marched in proud array across the land, With spirits high, and breasts devoid of fear, When there a cloud no bigger than a hand In the bright morning sky they saw appear. The air grew dark, and rumblings loud they heard- Soon the deep gloom grew more and more intense; And then down swooping like a charging bird, They saw the storm its dreadful work commence' The fierce wind roared, and lurid lightnings flashed, While overhead the furious thunder crashed. First Word. A tyrant by his countrymen abhorred For wicked deeds that made them blush for shame, For putting men to death by fire and sword, And cruelties that are refused a name. Yet though at last to save his life he fled In abject fear and terror, swift pursued By cries of vengeance from the martyred dea4 In whose life.blood his hands he had imbrued, Escaped he not, but speedily was slain By those who cringed before him in his reign. Second Word. A wise and faithful monitor and friend, Who6 gives true counsel in the u'ur of need; And if to his advice you will attend, In paths of truth and virtue he will lead. He's represented in the "Tournasment " By one who lately has not there been seen; And who, when firstly to her throne he went, Was noticed by our own most gracious queen. Still let us hope he will again be there, And with his friend adorn the ranks so fair. IVAIOEs, Belfast, Tr,Cidi. 14.-H-pe for the best, never dream of the worst, Safe guidance fair Providence gives.to her own ; Life's angry tempests may gather and burjt, But unto the faithful a shelter is'shown. First TYord, Search 'mong the many bright gems of tle karth, Primnals are often the rich'est:anid'rairest; Bearch'monu our virtues of hoihoirand worth, t'rintals, indeed, are thetruest add fairest. : Second .Voi. Tenderest pathos abounds in the voice - Thalst utters this word fromthehoart's throhbbincgre; For friends and bhslov'd ones may ne'er have-the choice Of meeting their rovers on earth evermore. : ' V. D. ,TAYLOR, Warrington. VERBAL CHARADE.; (A word. each letter of which iW treated separately.) 15.-1My first's in'salt, but riot in malt; liy second's in start, also in halt; lly i'suri's in stiir'butniot in jam i' . ly lst's in Mark, but not in Sam; MIy uholae, if you willphlaoe arighlt, A well-known i'sland brings to sight. F. Waa.as -4
DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 16.-He was tall, and very slender, His hair was lank and long; He'd a little heart so tender, Beating oft to love's sweet song. He would talk of first devotion, While his boyish face would glow; He would sing of love's emotion, While the briny tears would flow- He was love-sick, don't you know I Long ho'd gazed with admiration On a maid surpassing fair, Scribbled verse without cessation, Praised aloud her eyes and hair. But his joy with woe was blended- To the maid he last not speak; But ere long he was befriended By the usual fortune's freak- They were introduced one week. Now his heart was filled with pleasure, For he knew this pretty maid; And he thought her such a treasure- He would dream of all she said. So one morning he intended To ask her this life to share; To her house his way he wended, But found, when he landed there, She was married, I declare) WEE.WEE AND FA., DECAPITATIONS. PDrop te first ultter of a word, leaving another word.l 17.-I sing of girls-(ahem I that's Homer's style- In other words, I mean to say I write, For singing doesn't seem to fit me, quite- My "A's" are like the warblings of a file; Bu, yet I .hink my tenor voice will charm Those darling maids who constantly are bringing Their winning smiles to work me mental harm)- However, to proceed, sir, with my singing. I inug of girls-(indulgent sir, I crave The sighs and sympathy you oft have shown; In strictest secrecy I'd have it known, My heart once to a pretty maid I gave: She said she loved me true; I thought so, then; But, ah! she, like all girls, was enterprising, She left me for a fellow five feet ten ! Alasl--) But to continue vocalizing. I sing of girls-(I think it's time I did- Two verses gone with nothing in worth reading This kind of thing is really quite misleading- The muse will have to firso as she is bid. Yet to add bonne bouche unto this stuff, I'll sing of girls before I end my rhyme)- But as you seem to think I've sa, g enough, I'll leave the vocal second till nest time. J. KENNrDY. 18.--We are together on the waters of the rippling Die, The rippling Dee; And we are floating on its broad bosom so merrily, So merrily, Past the marshy down, through the busy town, 'Midst the water-flowers, 'ncath the castle's towers, So merrily and carelessly are we drifting along, With no sounds to be heard save our own and the water's song. Oh ! first were there two better or happier friends than we, Happy friends we, Who came from the country on the tide of the rippling Dee, The rippling Dee, Through the surging locks, past the foaming rocks, 'Midst the manor grounds, out the harbour's bounds; So joyously and thoughtlessly upon the tide we float, For I am last contented with my companion, my boat. W, A. LANGSTON. 10.-Complete, I am a malinoe,'s map; - Behead me, and you will Change me into an animal That hunters often kill; Again behead, my meaning now Is scientific skill. A. J. DIcssoe, Bootle. 20.-Another word for chief, If you will please behead, Then you will surely find A pretty flower instead. BAss, Chester, 21.-Take for my first a kind of jewel, 'Tis beautiful, I think you'llown; Behead, and then a title find By which some men are known. EBCELSIOR, 22.-A man's name behead for me, Some well-known flowers you will see. J. C. PARsows, Dorset. HISTORICAL ENIGMA. 23.-A picture rises of the days of old; Its story briefly to you I unfold: Our English king in battle was away, When tidings stirred the country with dismay; For Northern foes thought this was just the chance To lead the Southrons a disastrous dance. Therefore they came-I will not say how strong, Lest memory, weak for numbers, tell you wrong. In the king's palace ruled a dauntless dame. Resolved she would sustain fair England's fame. She cheered the troops, and them to battle led, As proud as though the king were at their head; Nor blenched she in the thickest of the fight, Till her good tactics put the foe to flight. Then, woman-like, she murmured, softly, "He, When he returns, will words of praise give me." Who the brave foe ? and what that true queen's name ? And where the fight ? Come, English lads, proclaim. MADEIRA.