RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-Fur southward, to the towns around the coast, And first, to towns beyond the distant Humber, Flies by the rail, to all its youthful host, Our glorious Double Number. Yea, gloriousl For what are greater glories, More valued in the hearts of all Young Folks, Than clever pictures, poems, splendid stories, And store of pleasant jokes ? Go fly, dear journal, through our happy land, To youths of high degree and lowly state, Till ev'ry boy shall hold you in his hand, And own your second great. Yea, go fly third, till ev'ry British boy Shall, reading your dear pages, praise your name; And you will see in his enraptured joy, The secret of your fame. F. W. BINSTEAD. CHARADE. 2.-In a castle high and lofty sits a lady, pale and tearful, And upon her lovely features pain and sorrow you can trace. She is thinking of the days when she, a second young and cheerful, On a certain summer's morning came this lovely home to grace. She is thinking of young Donald, when he came to woo and win her, Ilow she thought herself above him-so she proudly said him nay. And such bitter words were spoken, that her heart was nearly broken When young Donald from old England for far countries sailed away. Then there came Sir Robert Massell, with his lands and ancient castle, And the thought of being " Lady" filled her vainyoung heart with pride. True, his age was over forty, and his nature cold and haughty, Yet to him she gave her jirst, and soon became his fair young bride. Of flnu jewels she has plenty; uwholes she has-ay, more than twenty; But, in spite of all her riches, she has found out, to her " Wed in haste, repent at leisure." Gold to her is now ino treasure, For her heart is ever aching for the lover she has lost. MIARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. ARITHMOREM. F"oundation Word. 8.-Full many a time has he entered the lists Of this our gay " Tourney," to wield his pen with a vigour which seems e'er to say, " I'm here, and I never will yield Until I have climbed-ay, and right to the top- The ladder of glorious fame. So here's for another good step, and, ha! ha! Another good mark to my name." Cross Words. 501 and rep Great ambition; 56 ,, yarr Competition; 101 ,, nearong Needs tuition; 21) ,, tujreeon Supposition; 500 ,, narre A commission; Am revoir. F. WarLus, Swindon. DIAGONAL SQUARE WORDS. 4.-Dear friends assembled here to-day, you'll see (That is, if you will all agree with me) A bird that flies o'er meadow, hill, and lea, And pretty vale. To find this bird-'tis black-I give the key; You cannot fail. My second, friends, a garment is, and worn Ily people of all stations, who adorn Themselves in them both afternoon and morn, In fashions grand; The widows, while they for their husbands mourn - You understand. While next, which I shall designate as third, Is called an Irish town, upon my word, And one of which you've very often heard; It starts with O. No doubt you think that I am quite absurd To tell you so. While last, but not the least, you know, Is called the preterite of verb " to go." I reckon some of you will shout out, " Oh, He's told us now I" Now, when you've read the other verse below, I'll make my bow. Now take the first of letters in this square, isingonally read adown, and there You'll find another garment boys do wear, And some girls, too; And careless youngsters oft these garments tear. So now adieu. Now Osrass Monr.r. ENIGMA. 5.-What care I, though nations clamour Round about and menace me? England, I'll maintain thy honour, Love thy sons and unity. What care I, though mighty legions Gather to invade our shore ? I shall bravely lead our nation, As I've done in days of yore. Ia ! methinks I hear foes saying, " We shall try them once again." Let them do so, for I'm waiting Now in every battle.plain. There with England's sons I tarry, Holding to their banner fast. 1i hough the foe may vict'ry carry, In the plain I'll stand the last. Yea, though all our braves should perish, Or from battle-plains be beat, The standard I shall not relinquish Till you find me in retreat. Even for the world I care not, Though it rise 'gainst me to fight. Still with Britons I will share lot, And each valiant English knight. J. SAVAoE, Liverpool. DECAPITATION. 6.-The goal was reached, and his task was done, Ambition's prize he had nobly won, And he crossed the main To behold again his mother, for he was her only son. lie lifted the latch of the cottage door And entered his childhood's home once more. But all first and bare Stood her next arm-chair, And" Too late I" was the sigh that the zephyrs bore. A villige child to the churchyard led, And sadly the wanderer bowed his head In the twilight's gloom O'er her grassy tomb, And that loved word "Mother i" was all he said. CainLD OF FIE. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION 7.-My gentle Di, what ails thee P Thy face looks very sad. Oh, if you would but tell me, To help you I'd be glad. Dear Di, to-morrow morn Isail Far o'er the deep blue sea To find dear Efie I'll not fail, And bring her back with me. REVERSION. Sorpaz B. 8.-What all men do, If you turn round, Gross wickedness Will soon be found. BLucaERs, Dumfries.
IMONOPHO NE. 9.-Dear Marie,-Excuse me not writing before, In reply to your very kind note; But I've been out of town for a fortnight or more, Since to you my last letter I wrote. We journeyed to Scotland, ma, Florrie, and I, Saw the Trosachs so grand and sublime We met your friends Lily and haud, by-the-bye, And with them arrived in due time At "Edinbro' Toon," and saw Holyrood, where Queen Mary of Scots lived in state. We went through the palace, and everything there Was, of coarse, of antiquity great. The quaint little abbey that stands in the rear Is with age falling fast to decay ; But it does look so picturesque, though I much fear That it soon will have crumbled away. Then we saw "Arthur's Seat," and, in old Canongate, The house where John Knox did reside, And although the old street is much altered of late, His dwelling is shown still with pride. We then went to the castle, and saw Scotland's crown, Which lay heavy on many a brow ; But beneath a glass shade, on a cushion of down, It rests in security now. To me there's a charm in these places of old, And whilst in the castle, I thought, "What terrible myst'ries these walls could unfold! What secrets to light could be brought !" I was first glad to bear you are quite well again, And I trust you'll soon next. But, dear me 1 Time travels apace; so, with love, I remain, Your affectionate friend,- NEL.IE C. BETAGIA.M. 10.-I'm first of that neat riddle called the metagrau ; I'm also very partial to rotation; My puzzling muse is charmed, too, with the betagram, Whilst monophone's a source of delectation. In fact, I think all riddling cons. are glorious- Arithmorem, curtailment, and acrostics. But one there is o'er which I ne'er victorious Have proved, as you'll have guessed by these prog. nostics. Not that I next this awful puzzle mystical, As you perhaps have thought, bright sons of Phcbus. But it requires some knowle]dge-well, "artistical," In composition of this con., the rebus. And though I've always clung to perseverance, And sent 'em to our Editor respected, I've looked and longed in vain for their apnearance, For, cruel Fate! they've always been rejected. Yet I will own, with candour and humility, That those artistic (?) cons. were-well, unpolished. But, now, no more I'll air my great ability, For, joy of joys ! rebuses are abolished. F. R1. Cocl.son, Bow. CONUNDRUIM. 11.-Dear Young Folks, now don't you be "larniu'," But try this conundrum to guess: Pray, when is a gentleman's scarf-pin Like a vessel at sea in distress ? R. G ar. CHARADE. 12.-'Tis close of day, and in the gath'ring gloom Grim looks the sea; tempestuous and wild, The angry breakers dash with sullen boom ; Cloud masses black are on each other piled. Woe to the second by the current brought On to the rocks; each life is lost, and naught Will there remain when that to-morrow's sun Shall rise and see the work the storm has done. See ! see the rocket ! See the weird blue light Shine on the masts and yards with ghastly glare I It falls on faces calm, not of affright, Though soon must end the first of each one there. Soon will she part-soon must the angry sea Finish their course, while we stand idly hero. Stay i here the wholr now come, and joyfully The crowd gives place unto them with a cheer. Praise to the brave! Full speedily is manned My first and next, and leaves, 'mid plaudits loud, The wreckage-sprinkled, billow-beaten strand, Where stands expectant an excited crowd. Twice goes it to that vessel doomed afar, Nor until all are rescued doth return. Oh, gallant last, while souls like yours there are, Our " meteor flag shall yet terrific burn." J. H. BATCIRELOR, Surrey. ENIGMA. 1g.-I am, mny young friends, a most wonderful thing, Of that there is not the least doubt; But I need not, 'tis certain, my own praises sing, For I could not be well done without. The housemaid without me would draw a long face, For her work it would never be done. In both kitchen and bedroom I bold the first place, And have, since the world was begun. Without me the earth would no longer remain- I need not explain why or how. 'Tis certain there ne'er would be hail, snow, or rain, And I should not be writing this now. L. K. SowDoo, Reading. ARITITMOREM. Foundation Word. 1Il.-I thought, while in Madrid, I'd see the dance, And so I said, whene'er I saw a man go, I'd also go myself, and so I did, To see the Spaniards dance the famed fandango. A girl was dancing, and a glance I stole, And saw one sunburnt hand did play my whole. Cro.s Words. 1,100 and boat Means to contend with, Fight, or oppose; 50 ,, zaaea This little flower Isn't a rose ; 1,000 ,, rats Witty, vivacious, Pungent, acute; 1,001 ,, baronetu A musical instrument- 'Tisn't a flute; 1,0:'1 ,, angus Means entertaining- Pleasing will do; 1,000 ,, burne Many in quantity-- Six, fifty-two; 150 ,, queenoo Grand phraseology, Power of speech; 1501 ,, ratan Find out this tree, sirs; 'Tisn't the beech. W. D. PIcrazeo. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 15.--TLet our merry singing band, From all corners of the land, Come forth and trill their joyous songs in harmony and glee On their glad poetic feet, And assemble for to greet That glorious summer number we are longing for to see. Come, Binstead, child of fame; Come, Price, of glorious name, With Barwell, Grant, and Batchelor, all riddlers of renown. The laurels each has won Shall, as weeks successive run, Wax greener and more beautiful than now upon their crown. '1Phr, in wit nunl fnbl'nm n.nn;
In our merry riddling hand , And Coulson, Myers, and Kitchner all own poetic fire; For, when they choose to sing, They snar on fancy's wing To airy flights of poesy, and never seem to tire. SHnsAaocR, Armagh. TR ANtSPOSITIONS. 16.-A contract for hiring's my first, 'Tis either for houses or land; Transposed, you will quickly then see What artists all use for a stand. BANETrr DE BEAs. 17.-I've something to say, so first to my lay; Be second and quiet, and still. I'm sure I shall third-'tis true, 'pon my word, And shan't I be straight when I drill I T. SroRa.
ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 18.-An ancient forest, where the trees uprear Their giant forms through each succeeding year; Through its dim depths no woodman's axe resounds; From every bough the lively squirrel bounds. But, see ! through yonder opening slow there moves A long procession, winding through the groves; Majestic, slow, the Druids move along, A strange, mysterious, awe-inspiring throng. On every brow a serpent's egg is worn; By every priest a mystic wand is borne; Two sacred milk-white bulls the Druids lead, That on their pagan altar soon must bleed. They pause before a mighty oak that spreads Its giant limbs above their bended heads. By their broad horns the snowy bulls they tie To the green boughs that wave towards the sky. Lowly before the tree the Druid bends; Armed with a golden knife, he next ascends The rugged tree, and severs from its root The sacred primal, with its pearly fruit. This done, they offer up the sacred beasts, And end the New Year's rites with solemn feasts. Gross Words. A tyrant who usurped the Scottish throne; To eating seconds I am rather prone. When third o'er all the world extends her sway, My varied fourth puts on its coat so gay. A portion of your physiognomy Is fifth; and sixth a lady's name will be. TMy seventh is fair Caledonia's sign; And from my eighth there comes a well.knowu wine. Ninth of the world ! Proud Rome the title owned, When'neath her sway the conquered Britons groaned. AsPEN. ARIT MOREI. Foundation Word. 19.-A gloomy shadow or a sombre cloud, That for a time obscures the light of joy, And makes us fancy that its darksome shroud Has wrapped us in its folds, and will destroy All earthly lhappiness, like blissful dreams. Anon the shadbws vanish, and there gleams Through its dark cloud a bright, celestial ray Of hope, that seems in whispers soft to say: "All sad forebodings banish, And its shadows fast shall vanish 'Fore the light of hope, as night before the day." Cross Words. 51 and knew HIe lives by the sea, 'Midst the waves' ceaseless din; When lie's wanted for ten, He's fetched out with a pin. 55 ,, on The shape of an egg. 6 ,, gecunthy A lamp or a post, A man's wooden leg, A barrow, a ghost, A match or a pole, A picture and frame, A penny French roll, And all else I could name. A. Sr. J. Aicocir, MONOP1tONE. 21.-Stay, sweet bird, oh, stay with me! Ahi, stay a while and happy be I I wish that I, like you, were free To first o'er meadow, dale, and lea. Sweet little warbler, stay, oh, stay I Oh, listen to my pleading, pray, And tarry with me but a day, And make umy lonely life feel gay I You first o'er countries warm and fair; I'd like to travel with thee there To see old last, and Spain so rare, To breathe Madeira's healthy air. nhat this, alas! can never be; I'm doomed to live in misery. Oh, would I were a bird like thee, That I might flit about-be freb I KINO CREWDIP. BETAGRAM. 21.-Across a brook a first was laid, Two bricks they did support it. Now, Jack the rascal lie knew this- " I'll have a bit o' sport wi' it I" So Jack he did the bricks remove, But Sarah Jane she caught hint; Then in the pond she did him duck, Then to the farmer brought him. And then the farmer he did say, " You try your lasts too often. The ducking Sarah did you give I hope your head will soften. " For 'tis so very full of wood That it would build a boat, sir. If you were thrown into the pond, I'm certain you would float, sir." And then he laughed right heartily, Till he'd to stop for pain, sir; And Jack was let off, when he said, " I'll never do 't again, sir I" T. P. DOTCHON. METAG RAM. 22.-Undaunted still the captive stood Upon the scaffold grim; The guillotine's dread cry of "Blood I" No terrors had for him. Stern, proud, and pale, he gazed upon The shrieking mob below, And summer sun had never shone On such a scene of woe. " Death to the lordling I" rings the cry From twenty thousand throats, And as they first him forth to die, The mob in frenzy gloats. But how a lord can meet grim Death The plebeians shall see. And now they stand with bated breath, Yet none more calm than he. His next upon the block is laid; The signal of his doom Is given, and o'er him hangs the blado To hurl him to the tomb. But hark I what means that thrilling shriek ? Oh, cruel hand of Fate ! The sobbing winds their dirges speak, " Too late I too late ! too late !" "Reprieve! Reprieve i" the courier cries, As, dying, falls hisi horse. Reprieve i See, on the scaffold lies A bleeding, headless corse I GraIGs THE AUTo0ATrox. TRANSPOSITION. 2.--Thou first, repulsive-looking being, I'm sure from justice now thou'rt fleeing, Thou ne'er with man art found agreeing, But quite outrageous. In breaking laws and order thou Art quite courageous. Out of my sight, thou social pest, Nor dare refuse my stern behest,
From thy wrong.doing. Or else the hangman's cord thou'lt test, Its tension proving. Since first thou saw'st the light of day, Thou hast pursued the final way. In spite of all that I can say, Still thou wilt do it; But sure as night succeeds the day, You'll surely rue it. R. GRANT. CHARADE. 21.-My first is that which none can prove is old; My second show in good deeds, and be bold; My third is a conjunction known to you. My whole, when rightly found, will bring to view A land whose dusky warriors Britain slew. F. S. TsRAo, Kennington.
MIONOPHONE. 25.-Deep rolled the drum 'mid cymbals' clang, And loud and long the trumpets rang O'er Evesham's battle-field; In storms the forceful arrows fly, While fierce resounds the rebels' cry- " Our first we never yield I" As, thund'ring down to vales below, O'erwhelming falls the Alpine snow, Prince Edward's troops advance; In vain the sturdy next oppose, The rushing tide resistless flows, And death is in the lance I In circle deep on rising hill, Outnumbered, yet defiant still, The rebels stubborn stand, And red Sol's last departing ray Scarce saw the close of that dread fray, So fierce fought Leicester's band. Yet all in vain their lives they gave, Left peaceful homes to fill a grave, Without one funeral third. But we will last on Hist'ry's shield Their valour in that dreadful field, Where Right to Might deferred. NoE NAIME. DECAPITATION. 26,-" The gentleman whose hand is ever ready To give relief and help to those in need Of aid within Life's troublous waters' eddy, And proves his gen'rous mind by noble deed; Who owns a heart that e'er in faith is beating, Whose honesty within his eyes is shown, Shall be the one who, while our lives are fleeting, Shall call me wife, and claim me as his own 1" Thus boldly spake the first, truth-loving maiden- She meant to keep her sacred vow full well. But came a simpering youth, with riches laden, Who knelt to her, some words of love to tell; And when he strongly talked about his money, And of the happiness 'twould bring to them, She changed her mind, and answered, "Right, old sonny, We'll wed to.morrow, though the world condemn 1" And so the two were wed-I grieve to say it, For happiness away from both had fleod. Love is a debt, but money will not pay it: And so they found, and so, of course, they said. Then nonchalance he chose-she grew minacious; IHer simple ways had into second flown. Regretting their faux pas, they both, ungracious, Retired, and left each other all alone I H. C. PaIce, Southwark. CENTRAL DELETIONC. 27.-Oh, never look mournfully back on the past, Or sigh for the dayslong gone by, For though they brought happiness while they did last, 'Tis sinful and foolish to sigh, Or wish that the days of your youth could return, For they cannot--they're past, so 'tis hopeless to mourn. Or, if all the gifts of your youth you've abused, Do not now waste your time in regret, But try to make up for the time you've misused lvy constantly working; for yet, Though the days of your youth can return no more, The morn of your joy may not have been passed o'er. I'ENTOI. In the first of these verses, dear riddlers, you'll view A word which in second's deleted. Adioeu. T. J. O'Comson, Kinsale. 23.--To shoulder your arms, my volunteers bold, You're told; Narch along gaily; your banner unfold, And hold High up as it proudly flaunts in the breeze. Now you're first and tired, so halt I stand at ease ! Let your rifles be stacked, your tents be unrolled; \Ve'll bivouac here when your tents are unrolled. At Brighton our volunteers proved once again Quite plain Their efficiency, skill; and in my refrain I'll explain That should they be wanted to defend their hornes dear, They will do their last, and, to a man, volnhteer ; And as their forefathers fought, they'll fight again- To guard their homes and country they will fight again. CHARADE. 29.-Don Miguel, a wealthy hidalgo, resided First the far-away seaport of Cadiz, 'Twixt philosophy's studies attention divided (F'or as for a fortune, he'd made his). Yet a fancy pursued him wherever he went- That all people upon his destruction were bent, Anld looked at him with homicidal intent. A genius ofttimes is very erratic (In time I perhaps shall become so), And, lost you should think what I say too dogmatic, I aU sure, 'mongst your friends, there are some so. Don \liguel would second all victuals he took, And at night lie beneath his four-poster would look, Ere he in sweet sleep all his troubles forsook,. Well, whether from something he third disagreeing, In spite of precautions as stated, He " slhulled this coil off "-those Shakespeare's words being- As Americans say, " emigrated." He thought to recover when first taken ill, And postponed the visit of lawyers until lie lotally died, without making a will. His dying thus whole was of fees most productive To the legal profession at Cadiz; To form claims they were trying their genius constructive For gentlemen clients and ladies. But whether it was that these were not mature, The heirs got but little; the " wigs," we are sure, Contrived for their " costs" all the rest to secure. J. H. BATCHELOR, Surrey. METAGRAM. 30.-He was " quite too consummately utter;" His "get-up " was something " intense;" lie was rich, and, as folks oft would mutter, Possessed much first money than sense; His complexion was " awfully charming ;" His collars and cuffs were " sublime "- Their dimensions were really "alarming" (rhat word I inserted for rhyme). He parted his hair in the "oentah," In his coat next a giant lily; His gloves were (size six) made by Dent, ah! And his tall hat was " awfully high." He worshipped the feminine gender, His eyeglass was always precise, His figure was "slenderly slender," His tie to a nicety " nice." Well, yes, he was rather phrenetic, His intellect may have been " dense." But then, sirs, the modern mesthotic Is so "utter," "sublime," and "intense !" F. R. ConLsoN, ow,. SQUARE WORDS. 31.-A meadow or a piece of ground In primal surely will be found; My next's a portion of your frame; If 'cute you last you'll find the same. S. W. HAYES, Worcester.