DECAPITATIONS. )NO P T~T ..IONS.
(DroP the first letter of a word. leavine another word.) 1ouremember or forget me, dear, 1-I .ill t the bright spring days are at an end P Andifo meet in some far distant year, And if we , for old time's sake," still be my friend ? Willa , since you have willed it so, tssk no thefirst is hard which Fate has set me, bu, ohstbecaue I love you, I would know, Andj beC Will you forget me ? your pleasant girlish ways and smile divine, our eyes that match the summer skies above you, Yonh erst a cynic scoffing beauty's shrine, oet meeting you, what could I do but love you ? Adt so I thank you for the dream so sweet, A query I would last, though doubts besot me, As yea have proved the conquest so complete, A Will you forget me ? SGood-bye " is such a tiny word to say- By careless laughing lips so often said- And yetit severs you and I for aye, iiles o'er my path the darksome shadows spread, An', lore, I know within my inmost heart I gave you little reason to regret me, Yet I would ask again, before we part, Will you forget me ? MARION TAYLOt, Birkenhead, 2,-Now, Mary dear, it does appear, On reading through your letter, That MIr. K. has gone away, And jfirst you are much better. Of course you know I'm glad 'tis so, For more than one good reason, Which'i'll relate with pleasure great, Without the slightest treason. I'm glad indeed you've given heed To what I wrote you lately; And for this act you may expect A econd tall and stately. I'll search this town of great renown To find you such a beauty, That people may be forced to say 'Tie good to do one's duty. And so, you see, this act will be A sure but silent teacher- To all who would do aught that's rude A most effective preacher. And you must write me every night A long and true epistle, And let me know if it be so That you have learnt to whistle. PUCK, Ballymena. 3.--Take a pull with me, sir, On our silver lake; Sunshine all about us, sir, Pleasure in our wake. See our small first swiftly glide Iu among the sedges; See our second waving wide In fields beyond the hedges. Our delight third fever-heat, Steer we for the north, Where stands a little inu, I weet, Will suit you to a fourth. MIADEIRA. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second latter of a word to form another word, cx pressed in the narrative.) 4.-I have seen a little list Of the " Tourney " maids and knights Who would certainly be missed From the band of riddling lights, If they happened to lay by Pen ann paper, and no more To receive sweet praises try, As they oft have done before. I aw gratified to see That my name therein is found, And I always mean to be Steadf.st in the " Tourney" ground I And with peace and pleasantness Do my best to onward ride Iu the battle's thickest press, Whatsoever will betide. Take my thanks, Miss Queenie, pray, For your verses very kind, And I hope that still you may Favour with the riddlers lind, With the other ladies fair Who are clustering around Bright Queen Marion's high chair, Where the sweetest song is found. Patrick S., I hope that you Never will your pen lay down, Tat the fickle dame pursue, Till at last you gain renown- Till you take a foremost place Struggling upward to the height Where i he waiting queen shall grace Victors with a garland bright. IVANHOaE, Belfast. T:IANSPOSITION. (Transp,,so tie letters it a word to form another word.) ,,-How sweet it is, when 'midst the sculptured aisle PrOne listeniug stands, when waves of melody rom cant to dom, flood all the mighty pile With chords of harmony quite heavenly 1 N',w soft and gentle as a seraph's song, Now weirdly wailing like a funeral dirge; ow in grand chorus, swelling loud and strong, Like the deep roaring of the wind-lashed surge. hlw sweet it is, whene'er the wand'rer roves, When summer reigns in grand maturity, Amilot the never silent fields and groves Alive with Nature's sweetest minstrelsy I The feathered choirs chant loud teir song of praise From woods that murmur in an undertone; The brooks go chattering o'er their pebbly ways, The bee firut flight with ceaseless, sleepy drone. flew sweet it is, whene'er you hungry feel, And nourishment your mind is bent upon, To see the odoriferous " square meal" seing brought before your wistful gaze anon 1 Sfriend, the solemn sounds of nature vast oIuld not for the world depreciate; t the frizlin of a luscious chop or last Is more the sound that I appreciate 1 S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PRRny. VERBAL CHARADE. (A Word, each letter of which is treated separatol,.) 6.-One part of mate, One part of rate, Then one part of dinne ; One part of site, One part of bite, Then one part of Pinner; Anud for the last, one part of fame. atead right, and find a riddler's name. H. CARTEnR, REVERSION. A or "'lch road bac:,ward forms another word.) T1 shall be done;" and in due ~ime e noble youth has sallied past "The battle's o'er my love istun;-- The nolle prize I hhvr frs last;"f S. MILLS, Birmighlam, 9
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavlng another word.) 8.-Tbo next we met, my darling one, To bid our sad " good.bye," A cloud swept high across the sun, And all obscured the sky; But, ah ! the cloud within our hearts A darker storm presaged, For strife, with all her piercing darts, In bitter conflict raged. We doubted then, my darling one, We may have doubtings yet; Fair England's shore-your face to shun- I left without regret. But now, when I that lovely face In fancy's visions see, I only purity can trace, And nothing false to me. If only, then, you've swept away Resentment from your heart, If primal your soft bosom may Its old, sweet love impart, I'll come to you across the main As fast as ship can fly, And all the mists of doubt and pain Shall scatter in the sky. Though jealous fears estranged us, love, I know that you were true ; As constant as the stars above, Believe me, dear, to you. And so a kindly message send, To bid the wand'rer come, And every past regret shall end In joy and peace-at homeo. F. G. Wsnn, Southwark. 9.-A covering for the shoulders, when curtailed, A covering for the head will leave unveiled. SILVEs STONE. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation lWords. 10.-In primals the name of fn author you'll find, Praised by many ip terms eulogistlic; Some say that his works are the best of their kind, Others fancy them too realistic. This author's not English, but lives, I believe, Somewhere not very far from the Louvre; Read finals correctly, and you will perceive What is deegod, I am told, his chef d'ceuve. '"Crass Words. This is a metal I myself have never seen, But saw it mentioned lately in a bock; The " British Cyclopm lia" is the work I mean - 'Twill tell you all about it if you look. A well-known novelist adopts this neom do plume, Whose style is thought by some a little free; To judge in such a matter I will not presume-- Quite satisfied that all she writes suits mrue. In ancient days there lived a man who spent his time Seeking an honest man throughout the land ; And though he dwelt in quite a bright and sunny clime, He's always drawn with this thing in his hand. This is an animal of which you will have read, If versed at all in mythologic lore; It is a fabled goat that nursed a god, 'tis said, And this hint given, I scarcely need say more. K. BLouNT, Reading. IMETAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wo;ld.) 11.-Summer zephyrs sweetly blowing From the land unknown, Whisper of the waters flowing Far away and lone, Which the proud Castilian sought In long ages past; Seeking them he fearless fought, To be baulked at last. Never man has deeply drunk Of its waters sweet, Fir.t he reached them they had sunk Far beneath his feet. In that awful, eager quest Hundreds sadly died; Ever seeking, without rest, They all fates defied. And their spirits seeking still, Ever last denied Sight of that life-giving rill, Seeking which they died. Thus the red man's wild belief Fearful vengeance gave On the race that taught them grief, Who did them enslave. I. CLEARCHOS. 12.-" My boy," a teacher once did say, " Will you tell me, first you can, The name next the bay that lies To the east of Yucatan ?' The boy (who could not name the word) In great laughter set the class By giving for his answer, "The Bay of Hungry ass" (Honduras), .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. 13.-At threepence a pound, in the season, My finat may ever be had; But, oh, 'tis full of that treason That drives my poor liver mad ! One day, when some beauties I spied, My last threepenny-piece I spent, And, oh, Jubilee ! I thought I'd have died With next dyspepsia's torment. M. Z. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 14.-We quail as we list to the tempest without- The ocean's wild roar and the lightuing most vivid; We fain would be brave, and all cowardice scoent, When plainly our features are frightfully livid. We care not to rove where the sword and the gun Make Nature's green plains all dishonoured and gory; We tremble in fear as the fair morning sun Illumes the red field with its terrible story. Great fears do we harbour of numberless things- Our hearts with despair are most heavily'laden; But none our susceptible natures ore stings Like the speechful orbs of a beautiful maiden, THE SHAMROCK, THE ROSE, AND THE THISTLE. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross wordig that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation TYords. 15.-Doubtless Quehn Mary possessed frst and second; Although if she didn't I wrongly have reckoned, Cross Words. 500 and noficne This was Mary, Queen of Scots, In her lonely prison. 1,000 ,, biako This was how her arms were placed When the sun had risen. 50 ,, katgin This was what she often heard In her dreamland vision. C. F. BLACKBaRN, Edinburglh PALINDIZOME. IA word which read 1actkwards or orwrards is still the same.) 16.-To increasa; of letters three; Read backwards, still the same will be. LITrLE lO-PaE-.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter fromthe centre of a word t) form another, expressed In the narrative.) 17.-If a bashful young follow goes walking alone To some spot far away from the city, Where he hopes Nature's grandeur to worship, unknown To his pest of a sister, Mniss Kitty, And in that little spot should, by accident, see The one gem of her sex on this planet, This short query I wish you would answer for me, But I fear, riddlers dear, that you cannot- What should he do ? If that bashful young fellow observes that her eyes Are as bright as the stars in December, And finds out that such beauty a Stoic might prize, And delight such a face to remember, Then falls madly in love with that gem of a girl, Though he knows not her name nor her station, I would like to ask those who have met such a pearl, And can realize this situation- What shoIld he do P? If that bashful young fellow walks speedily home, His condition of mind quits volcanic, And remarks to his friends that he'd like to see Rome, Or go off on a trip oceanic; But then changes his mind, and of poetry speaks, Praising lavishly Byron and Shelley, And continues to do the absurdest of freaks, I would ask those who've studied Morselli- What should he do ? If that bashful young fellow by cunning device Is at length introduced to that beauty, Then proposes, effectively breaking the ice, And the lady, performing her duty, Tells him coolly no longer to hope, for her heart Is already possessed tr another. I appeal to you all who have felt Cupid's dart, Be you " Tournament " sister or brother- What should he do ? PnILo, Glasgow. ENIGMAS. 18.-Yes, all the ladies love me-each hugs me to her breast, And say, I ought to have a bed in some soft, downy nest; They say I've "lovely whiskers" and eyes " as sweet as jam "- No one could scarce believe the things they tell me that Inm. My teeth are white as lilies, my ears are thin and small, My hands are soft as velvet, while my eyes would beat you all; And the ladies whisper, " What a dear 1" " He is a per. feet swell," "A perfect little cherub," and some other names as well. In fact, the various cognomens I happen to possess Would puzzle anybody to repett them with success. And so I mean to disappear; and as I say good-bye, I ask you, riddlers, to discover who and what am I. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshaut. 19.-I am a match for every one, I'm first tm strike a blow ; Although my head is very red, I'm liked where'er I go. I'm thin, but still I often have Destroyed your bricks and mortar; I float, but very soon I die When put into the water. G. W. HAy IAN. PRE CE.OMEGR AMS. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 20.-The minstrel was young, and his lungs were sound, And he warbled a plaintive lay To a "beautiful maid" who had " got around" His heart in the usual way. His song he accompanied oft and again On a knocked-about.looking banjo; And his wandering glances he now and then On a window above him would throw. 'Twas open-the curtains were fluttering about, Tossed by the cool eveuing breeze; While a maiden (of forty odd) shyly peeped out, And her presence announced with a sneeze. She had caught a bad cold-but what cared she for that? She imagined the fellow below Had just come around (like an amorous flat), Admiration of her to show. Then the minstrel uncovered his first, and bowed low With a most cavalierly air, While he next out his hat, and requested to know If she'd " got a few coppers to spare !" A. AMIBERLEY, Manchester. 21.-She stands within the village church, A happy and a blushing bride; A otalwart reaper's first and last- Her parents' fondest, dearest pride. Time's mighty ship sails swiftly on, 'Midst tempest's roar and sunshiae fa:r, And robes the one-time auburn locks With silver threads of tender care. Yet happiness still reigneth o'er Their homestead 'midst Life's ceaseless whirl- Still reigneth o'er the English home- The homestead of the English girl, V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a word.) 22.-My first is termed an active verb, By every one I've seen; And though it may be small, my next Still smaller is, I ween. My third, I call it something true; So you'll confess, I'm sure, - That 'tis a third, if I say that It's spelt with letters four. A pronoun personal is the fourth, In visible it is; So when I say it can be seen, You'll be surprised, I wis. But one more simple word is left, - So solve that one aright; It means upon, as you will find When you've brought it to light. It took me fully twenty days To write this con., you see ! But now I have the whiole to find It printed in the "T." ROLLA, West Green. 23.-M-y firat-can mortal mind at all conceive The vast significance of this small word ? Can human reason fully understand Or grasp its meaning ? Yet how often heard I My secolnd is the colour nature loves, And one which rustics see on overy side; It knows no rival but the azure sky, Which gloomy clouds, alas! so often hide. Mly chole's a plant, at Christmas used by a.ll, To decorate the rooms and entrance hall. E. L. HoLLOWAY, London, CONUNDRUMIS. 21.--List to my Oon.-con. well it o'er; 'Tis one you have p'r'"aps seen before: Tell me what letter you espy A deaf girl wishes for; and why ? T. P. Cow·xIx . 25.-Readers, can you tell me why a noted riddling sage Should always have his name put last ou this.tlihe "Tour. ney" page P II, MmnrS, Birmingham.
NARRATIVE ]UAGRAM. (Chnnge the first two letters of a w..rd to form another word, ex. Dressed In the narratlie.) 26.-Who says that the stage is unpopular now? I'm certain it cannot be true; Great throngs--'tis a fact-are anxious to act, And to show us just what they can do. Fully thirty per cent. of the public are bent On rehearsing joy, sorrow, and rage; Ant when they get through, they will -practise on you, For they're all coming out on the stage. The youth who has failed as a seller of tape, Or who couldn't exist on his pay, Whose voice is a hoot, and whose neck's like a flute, At " Hamlet" keeps pegging away; While the goddess in tullo, who succeeded at school In reciting from Tennyson's page, Now cries out, " HIa, ha l I will be a 'star 1' "- Yes, she's coming out on the stage. The awfully awful society swells Who dress with such infinite pains, Now think, do you know, that it's fearfully slow Just carrying collars and canes. So they mean to act-it's a positive fact"- They're figuring where to engace; Yes, Dolly and Noddy are now getting ready To act on the regular stage. S. SaorrT, Fulham. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the contral letter of a word to form another word.) 27.-A ladye has gone to the riddling " T."- Hey, first she's bonny and fair ! Dozens of manuscript cons. has she; Meta, dua, and beta grains, all three (Next-ter grants, riddlrs, I ne'er did se!) Our ladye has taken there. A knight has gone to the riddling " T."- Hey, first ho's handsome and true! Hundreds of manuscript cons. has lie. Acrostics, deletions, and all "that be " (0! me granm! I had forgotten thou I) And puzzling enigmas, too. a The ladye and knight from the " T." I view- She bonny, he handsome, both gay ! Not a manuscript con. of his can I see; Not a single or last of a con. hits she- Their cons. of course, are "accepted," and be, Of course, is accepted, too ! A. J. DIcxsoe, Liverpool. DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another world.) 28.-I met her in the crowded street, Surrounded by the rush and flurry, And as I saw her lagging feet Where was the cause or need for hurry ? Her head with nut-brown hair was crowned, Her eyes flashed either mirth or pity, And I rejoiced that I had found A Paradise in Satan's City. And, though enclosed by foggy air That stained and blackened hut and palace, That city held a jewel rare As ever graced the Golden Chalice. And so I loitered by her side; Although I am a graceless sinner, I'd wear this first-.ing gem with pride, If but I had the luck to win her. She goes to church, the little dame, Each Sunday night I'm sure to find her; So I've reformed, and do the same- In fact, I take the seat behind her. She says her last she could not now With "il Diavolo" be linking, So I shall have to break my vow And change my note do plutme, I'm thinking. ROBERT LE DIABLE, 29.-If you of beer or water drink a first,' It is not likely that you'll be athirst; Every little thing that we may d,) May. be called my lext if it be done true. WV. A. LAosTON. META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 30.-I'd sing you a song of the sea, Of its wavelets so bright and so clear; I'd sing of the good ship that's sailing so free O'er the billows without any fear; I'd tell how the blue sky raove Makes the water an " ocean of glass But I know you'd retort, with a sensitive snort, " Confound it, man, don't be an ass." I'd come 'neath your window at night, With the cornet, to give you a tune That should make your soul thrill with enraptured delight, 'Twixt the music, myself, and the moon. Then I'd gently look upward and sigh, To note the success of my mission, While you emptied your jug on my upturned " ung," With afirst that defied competition. Would you like to last aught of the stars That are twinkling so brightly above, Of Jupiter, Vulcan, Minerva, and Mars, And Venus, the planet of love ? Perhaps I could tell you a tale Of the bright sunny lands of the South ; Perhaps-- But you'd groan, and with sadness would lnoau, " Will any one shut up his mouth ?" A. BUTLER, Birmingham.