RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGBRAM.
1.-The sun is slowly sinking as a maiden, sadly thinking, Stands without the iron portal of the gaol, with primal eye; For the band of fate has written, by the laws of mighty Britain, At the ringing of the curfew her loved cavalier must die. And old Time, ne'er ceasing, flies on, till beneath the far horizon Sets the sun in dying glory; still the maiden moveless stands, Like a statue, pale and frigid, with the fair face cold and rigid, Whilst outstretched in mute despairingare the tightly. clasped hands. Then a sudden inspiration lights her eyes with anima- tion, And the glorious star of hope once more irradiates her soul, As her fixed resolve she mutters, whilst her heart with terror fl utters, " To-night the fatal curfew must not-oh, it shall not toll I" The winds are sadly wailing, and Queen Night is swiftly trailing O'er the skies, whilst quickly draweth near that awful curfew hour, When, still resolute, the maiden slowly toils, with heart love-laden, Up the steep and slimy ladder of the ancient belfry. tower. She is standing in the steeple, and, far, far below, the people Wait, with breathless expectation, for her lover's funeral knell. But that slender form is clinging to the mighty tongue whilst swinging To and fro, and not-not ringing is that second curfew- bell! It is o'er, but no loud clamour hath resounded from the hammer, And the populace, awe-stricken, stand in silence in the street, When, a-down the ladder speeding, comes a maiden faint and bleeking, And, with moan of eager pleading, falls she at the leader's feet. And his eye with moisture glistens as he wonderingly listens To the story of devotion which she tells, with bended knee, Then, in tones emotion-broken, are the words of pardon spoken, " Rise, 0 fair and noble maiden! for thy lover shall be free " l: R rMOND. CENTRAL CHANGE. 2.-In the cypress tree Sat a little bird warbling its song of glee. Whilst Sol rose high in the Orient sky, And the gentle breezes went whispering by, Sang that bird to me till my heart found peace- " Eloise ! Eloise I" Through the summer long Each first it sat trilling its glorious song. Next the sun sank low in a crimson glow 'Neath the clouds, which seemed like vast peaks of snow, The bird's sweet song caused despair to cease- "Eloise I Eloise !" Now the tree is bare, And the bird sits singing no longer there; But like moan of pain comes a sad refrain For the dead who will never return again. On the bleak winds borne, and the billows surge 'Gaiust the rocky shore in a ceaseless dirge, Whilst a wailing voice comes from under the seas- "Eloise! Eloise!" F. R. CouLso,, Bow. DOUBLE ACROSTIC, Foundation loserds. 3.-In olden times a country fair and wild, Wherein the Roman poets ruralized; Where, in luxurious ease, grand dukes berniled The time away, and art and science prized. Cross Words. Cold are thy breezes, cutting in our face; Inhabited by the 1Helvetian race; A Scottish county, full of dreary moors; A Christian name, heard most on German shores; A town, at present in unsettled state; Where travellers stop by an impu'se innate; Far better for us than unchanging hate. A. H. ScALES. METAGRAM. 4.-Be truthful and be honest, Be manly and upright; Ne'er give first to falsehood, Remember right is might. And when old age comes o'er you, You'll have no cause for shame, For neither rank nor riches Can excel next honest name. SPOTSruoxE, Glasgow. CHARADE. 5.-The crimson blush of the dying sun Had crowned my darling's head, And the gloaming closed round the weary one, Whose hopes, alas I were dead. For, soothed by the calm of solitude And the zephyr's dreamy sigh, She wept, as her fancies did intrude On scenes of the days gone by. Embraced by the shade of the loving trees, Transformed, the maiden stood, And her golden tresses swept the breeze As she pierced that first dear wood. Last's dewdrops sprang to her violet eyes As the silken lashes closed, To show by her time-distracted sighs Her heart in grief reposed I Ere twilight paved the way for night, The maiden met the youth, And the totals soon released their plight, Erst pledged with honest truth. And the gloaming seemed to curse the twain, For when the lamps of eve Had gemmed the sombre skies again, The maid no more could grieve 1 THERESA C. KITCHuan. ACROSTICAL OMIEGRAM. 6.-A sweet maid was rich Lady Belle, M ore beautiful first words can tell; Y oung and fair as the dawn of day, B eloved by all next came her way. O ne day, while gaily sang the lark, Engaged in riding in her park. H er horse took fright, and, sad to tell, Md ade off with lovely Lady Belle. E re morn the dreadful news was spread, Rich Lady Belle was brought home dead. MARION TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. DECAPITATION. 7.-A precious stone in this is shown; For further information, The ladies wear it in their hair By way of decoration. Its head away, I think you'll say, Without much hesitation, A title grand you all command, Denoting lofty station. F. WALIus, Swindon. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 8.--0nce more I venture in the Y. F. "Tourney," With some bold knight to break another lance; Like Ivanhoe, I'm wearied with a journey, But that will tend my merits to enhance. For, though there's in my armour many a dent, sirs (I refer, of course, to unnaccepted cons.), On victory my efforts still are bent, sirs, Like Zalva brave amid his rival dons. D. G. HOLMES.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 9.-In treacherous onslaught or murderous fray, My primals will wound in a dangerous way; The soul, not the flesh, by my finals is torn; Which scourges it oft with a scorpion scorn. Cross Words. Sometimes I am given-to steal me some dare; I'm sent in a letter, or thrown through the air. A fellow who wishes a sailor to be, Should forthwith commence on a study of me. Replies which partake of my nature are made When a diflicult query one wants to evade. There's not the least doubt that I'm truly absurd, Yet you all shout with laughter at me, on my word. A terrible fellow, cold-blooded and grim, The murderer shakes at the mention of him. MaUGGINS AND JGGIsTS. LOGOGRIPH. 10.-Far o'er the sea imperial Ciesar came; On Gaul's proud shore he heard Britannia's name, Her wealth, her beauty, and her fertile sod Still praised where'er his couq'ring first had trod. Ambitious projects filled his anxious mind, To conquer Britain and her race designed; The listening soldiers joined, with loud applause, To load the ships and help the common cause. And now their vessels on the stormy main Have dared its dangers, but have dared in vain; But still undaunted from the Gallic shore, They trim the sails and ply the labouring oar, Till, bursting slowly on their eager eyes, Still verdant Britain, ocean guarded, lies. But, fierce as waves that lash the hardy rock, And firm as oak that dares the tempest's shock, The Britons gather on their native strand To save their country from the Roman band. High on his ship the standard-bearer stood, And marked the contest o'er the boiling flood. The flapping sails hang idly, and no oar Next move the vessels nearer to the shore. Filled with ambition, o'er the galley's side He springs, undaunted, in the rolling tide; In his right hand the royal banner waves, The other battles with the stormy waves. " Follow, ye soldiers, where I lead the way, And victory crowns the Roman arms to-day !" He cries, and dashing through the angry surf, Flings back the brave defeuders on the turf, And following swift, th' unequal sides engage In desperate strife, with unabated rage, Till night descending on the British shore, Fierce warfare flies, and carnage moves no more. AsP9N. METAGRAM. 11.-Who's this that comes so slow along, Who seems as if he'd ne'er done wrong, Whose praise is sung in rhyme and song? A poet. We stare with bated breath, and ask If writing poems is a task ? First stares with visage lile a mask- We know it. Is this that solemn, awful man Whose clever poems oft next scan, And then we wish that, if he can, He'd show it. A QUILLE PENNE. OIEGIAM. 12.-I saved that wretched felon's life, I caused those heart-drawn sighs to cease, And gently I brought love and peace Where fiercest passions once were rife. I caused estrangement, grief, and pain 'Twixt two young lovers fond and true; And, o I these loving, foolish two I brought together once again. My worth is widely known and prized; Men seek me keenly, day by day, And very often, sad to say, By these I'm hated, feared, despised. When sorrow weigheth down your minds, When hearts give way to dark despair, Resort to me; your grief and care I'll quickly scatter to the winds. G. Tnor.. ROTATION CHANGE. 13.-I daresay you have had it on your hand, And on your back as well-you understand. Descendant of a race of warlike mien Is in my secoud very quickly seen. When this is finished. I have third the con. That I have surely started now upon. In Venice fourth is found; I think that we Hear of him in connection with a sea. A dreadful din comes from a host of last; They cease not till some food to them is cast. LOUISA S. BUD:. CURTAILMENT. 14.-I'm a poet! Don't I show it In this plaintive, solemn strain? I upset you P Don't forget you Said you'd never cause me pain. 'Tis a pity in this ditty I've not strictly stuck to truth. But when older, first when bolder, I will be next honest youth. A MouRNImNG KNIGHT. DECAPITATIONS. 15.-She threw her first into the den, Her lover's next to try, And he, the bravest of all men, Prepares to win or die. W. S. SaEE. 16.-Hark, all good friends and al Young Folks, This con. is by no means a hoax. Behead a leader of our band, An adverb then will come to hand. E. KELLY, Thomastown. ENIGMA. 17.-On the pavement I lay, and a "swell" passed that way, Who trod on me boldly, but most indiscreetly. His head soon was seen where his feet should have been; So I had my revenge, though he crushed me completely. ALEX. S., Glasgow.