RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM.
I.-His surname was Jones, first he never was happy; He was the most lachrymose man upon earth. For comfort or peace he did not care a " anap"-he Detested all happiness, jollity, mirth. His countenance ever looked mournful and tearful- Wherever he went it was always the same; And if second one laughed his excitement was fearful (And let me remind you that Jones was his name). If ever Jones saw a gay wedding or party (For Jones was the name of this wretched old bore), He would shudder and sigh at their mirth so hearty (His surname was Jones, as I told you before) His friends and relations in vain tried to cheer himn; He frightened them all by his horrible groans. He told them to go, and to never come near him. But leave him in peace ! And his surname was Jones. In a lottery he was the fortunate winner Of four thousand pounds, and a mansion beside, But, on hearing the news, the ungrateful old sinner Sat mournfully down, and then bitterly cried ! After soothing himself with a long spell of groaning (Which groaning would surely the bravest appal). He explained why he started this sobbing and moaning- He wept for the folks who got nothing at all! And once, I have heard, in a yacht he went sailing (His friends called him Jones, as they used to of yore) ; The yacht sprang a leak, but by dint of hard bailing And favouring winds he got safely ashore. That at last be had cause to rejoice never doubted His friends, but were sadly deceived, as they found; ; He listened a while, then, indignantly, shouted, " Got cause torejoice I Why, Im ight have been row,ed !" G. Tnor. REVERSION. 2.-Oh, the night was fearful, master, when the merchant. man went down; I was pulling for the vessel when I first the martyr drown. 'Twas a young and loving mother, tossed above the waters wild, And my heart seemed breaking when I marked her struggles for her child. I fancy now the awfal scene is passing 'fore my eyes; The tiny bairn is held once more, imploring, to the skies, And that dear young face grows ghastly as we pull towards her form, While her cries for help are ringing far above the howling storm. Torn from her wild, despairing grasp, the boy is borne away, And the maddened waves rush onward, like a sportive child at play, And the fragile form grew rigid as the waves tore us apart, While many a man within our boat betrayed a woman's heart. We caved the ocean waif, but many a swarthy cheek grew pale As the mother's corse was swept away by fury of the gale; And many a veteran's eye grew dim to hear the bairn cry, Just as the roaring torrents sent the lifeless mother by. Stern bent each head as on we went right through the surging main. Till sal on shore rejoiced to find the lifeboat back again ; And many a heart rejoiced to know the mother's prayer last heard By One who stilled the angry waves with a reproachful word. THERESA C. KITCHNER. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 3.-'Tis filled with the choicest of Flora's domain, And sweet odours mingle together; In fact, I have not the least cause to complain, For 'tis gay, howsoe'er be the weather. Cross Words. " Come out, 'tis now Septembar," I have heard the poet sing, And methinks the month's arrival Heralds this upon the wing. This light I trust's not difficult to guess. For in it an apartment you possess. Though you possess them, I opine, They do not always health combine; For those are rich who have good health, But poor indeed if only wealth. He stands in disgrace, with his face to the wall, For with him book learning's no object at all. A shepherd who for rudeness, it appears, Was once condemned to sleep for thirty years. A slang expression, there's no doubt of it; But still your head you can make out of it. G. GRANT, Petersham. CHARADE. 4.-Now, Mr. Golightly, as autumn was near, Was really nonplussed as to what he should wear. " What a bother it is! What hard work to decile On what I should purchase to cover my hide ! " A man of my rank to be so undecided, I might by my Volunteer friends be derided. SWhy, whole,' would be uttered by all my superiors, ' You'll never be fit to command your inferiors i' " I've tried nearly all the stuffs clothiers produce. Happy thought I A first suit will look natty and spruce. And now my mind's made up, the cost Ihave reckoned, I feel that I've worked quite as hard as the second." H. HAinas, Newcastle-on.Tyne. DECAPITATION. 5.-Hear first bell so mournful tolling, Through the deathly chamber rolling, Gently falling, Softly calling, Through the still, calm midnight air. On the bed, so still and lowly, Lies a man whose life is slowly Ebbing, flowing, Gently going, Leaving the stiff body there. Next will never here awaken; By his friends and foes forsaken, He is lying, Slowly dying, Waiting for a brighter day. As the last stroke low is pealing, And as o'er the air 'tie stealing, With one shiver, One faint quiver, He has left this world for aye. A QUILLS PENNE. METAGRAMS. 6.-In the narrow, grassy pathway, By the fields of new-mown hay, Where the voices of the reapers Sound so cheery, first, and gay, Mnmgling with the silvern river, As it murmurs on its way. All is next in nature's beauty, And the summer reigns as king, Laden with its wealth of flowers Which it never fails to br.ng, And the yellow, sparkling sunshine Glory casts on everything. Soon the golden sun is setting In a vivid crimson glow, And from a clump of elder trees A bird warbles soft and low, As it watches o'er its young ones, Guarding them from every foe. iAGGIEc D., Portsea. 7.-A vehicle my first will name; I'll leave you all to find the same. Inate some nexts, and thought them good, .Although they're not substantial food. Au animal is brought to light :When you my third have read aright. To find my last now do not fail; It is a plce of public sale. "' I. 1.'B 1Ieas.I.
DECAPITATION. 8.-He was such a dear little, good little boy, And never-no, never-mamma would annoy; At school he took prizes, All sorts and all sizes. He was such a dear little, good little boy ! Yes, quite such a dear little, good little boy, That doting papa quickly purchased a toy. " For, Timothy," said he, " I see ycu are ready And willing to please-like a good little boy I" Of course, such a dear little, good little boy, You'd fancy, would jump at the sight of a toy. But, no; ha said, " This is A plaything for misses, And I am a dear little, good little boy I" Ah, me! such a dear little, good little boy. I'm shocked to relate, should be next but a joy. To playfellows ever He'd sine, " I'm so clever, And, oh, such a dear little, good little boy !" Too much of this dear little, good little boy, They voted unanimous likely to cloy. " Good gracious!" they said, " it Is first to his credit To prate, 'I'm a dear little, good little boy !' " Alack! for this dear little, good little boy, With manners reverse of the epithet coy, His virtues bereft him Of playmates-they left him He was such a dear little, good little boy . L. HL{IfLuroS. ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 9.-Thereis a youth who graces our grand "Tournament," A knight of no mean talent, you'll agree. A pleasing writer, really quite an ornament; I wish I was as clever, sirs, as he. His name you'll find in primals, and-but, oh ! My time and space is filled, so I must go. Cross Words. The marchioness said that she hoped I'd be at her Private first on Wednesday at the theatre. I'll tell you, to the best of my ability. The meaning of this second of hostility. 'Tis very stiff ; don't touch it, for it's liable To break at once. It's not the least bit pliable. I am the opposite to all malignity, For I can say that I possess great dignity. The two brides soon were next, and the carriages Drove off, and soon we witnessed both the marriages. He said he wouldn't waste a crown upon 'em; Is Was going to try and save, Tom, by economy. Now, give us all some music, May and Marion; May can play the next, and you the clarion. Hark ! down the street a band of Guards go clattering. And, see! the people right and left are scattering. This is a fish, and it is not a whiting, sirs; I hope you understand what I am writing, sirs. I do assure you, sir, an act of charity- Of real next-is getting quite a rarity. If you should ever be in grand society, They look for this, the beauty of propriety. He had a taste for next, and as I knew it, he Soon had some paints to show his ingenuity. I speak of final Lee, who is your lover; he Is going on a voyage of discovery. W. D. PCKssulsN. CURTAILMENT. 10.-'Twas night, and in a forest drear, While walking by a stream, An old man quickly lent his ear, And first he heard a scream. Not daunted, he threw off his coat, And in the water went; He scarce could keep himself afloat, His breath was nearly spent. 'Twas something black he went to save, But what he could not see, And if another stroke he gave, The victim saved would be. He gave the stroke in wild despair, And reached the object black; He gave a clutch, and then, with care, Commenced his journey back. He reached the shore, next, sad to tell, He dropped down like a log. The moon appeared-oh, what a sell I He found he'd saved a dog I " Oh, dear I" quoth he, " to think that I " (His thoughts you'll all infer) " Should thus to death be brought so nigh To save a worthless curl" WaLLis AND PRtESroN. TRANSPOSITION. 11.-I write these lines, my friends, to you To prove I am a poet; I first a mind possessed by few, And in these lines I'll show it. Ha ! ha ! I fancy I can hear Some of you say, " Oh, go it!" So, friends, here goes, and I don't fear, For I'm the boastful poet. Last, t'other week I found some seed, And thought I'd try to grow it, So cleared my garden from all weed, Then skilfully did sow it. I thought how nice onions would be For tea, with bread and butter, And waited, oh, most anxiously ! My heart was all a-flutter. When it had been sown just five weeks, I went to see-and, gracious! My " onion " seed had all sprung "leeks !" Oh, this was too outdacions ! Yes-but who's that I just heard say, "Stop this! stop this I Oh, blow it I This poet has turned fool to.day." Well, friend, I will-and know it. H. W. W. LLoav, Watford. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. 12.-The despot powers who freed the Slav To be disturbed by plots are fated. Ah, what would they not give to have The Nihilists annihilated! From day to day, from night to night. Their projects make of din a little; Perhaps I might say dyn-a-mite, To be correct in every tittle. With all this band of plotters, who The land of snowy steppes infest, How glad the Czar would leave that crew, To Russi~a way and be at rest ! D. G. HourEs. ACROSTICAL ROTATION CHANGE. 13.-H a! ha a jolly first I mean to be, A nd next from this dull place third ever go, B ejoicing in a ship upon the sea, Regardless of the lasts and winds that blow. Youthful am I, but, in a year or two, Perhaps to be a captain I may rise, Ruling with skill o'er sailors not a few I n my'own ship--oh, what an enterprise ! C ome, then, my friends, and wish me hearty cheer; E re long I will be sailing far from here. MAlcoo TAYLoan, Birkenhead.