IdDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS. the frastletter of a word to form another word.) rh tith apologies to F. It. Coulson.)
-1-Le on tny kitchen rug at rest I lies, WI bt dream that mealy spuds are steaming, ndIf wtt ide oven's filled with rabbit pies. bile at thy feet reolining, if you love me, gid not thy Bobby's dreams of food begone while pies and 'taters irst and steam above me, Let me dream on I Let me dream on; I dream that pies are burning, And that your 'tters will be done to death; For" stout and mild" I dream my bosom's yearning, Aud for the savoury smell of bnuny's breath. 0I,,tell me not that hateful fire flashes" ' Upon my beat, but bid such thoughts begone; Oh let it burn-oh, let it burn to ashes- Let me dream on I Let me dream on, love; do not me awnken With talk of burglars while I'm in my dreams; Let me dream on, and keep my faith unshaken, If pies he but the ghosts of what they seems. Though fires burn wild, and silly people perish, Aid lap.dogs go unmuzzled every one, I would not next-to lose sweet dreams I cherish- Let me dream on I F. HALLAr, London. 2.--Cupid-oh, the cruel rogue-- Once upon a sulnmer's day Took his bow and quiver forth, Seeking out a heart to slay ; Seeking one that never yet At a lover's voice had thrilled- Ose who should love's lesson learn As its mighty teacher willed. Passed he on 'neath skies of blue, Over hedges white with may, Over grasses waving green, First the village children play. Past the streamlet, glidin free ' hrough the rushes and the sedge, Pust the willow, weeping lone 1'ext beside the water's edge. Till he spied a cottage door, And a maiden leaning there, While the sunlight kissed her hands And the ripples of her hair- Hair that in soft tendrils twined, Eyes the sweetest that could be. Cul:id laughed. Oh, cruel rogue I "There," he said, " she waits for me." So an arrow quick he sped Fast into the maiden's heart; She, who had not known him near, Turned to him with lips apart: Cruel Love, now hast thou slain All the peace I had in life." But he only laughed the more- What cared he for pain or strife P? Laughing still, he flew away, On and on for evermore- Lett the maid to weep and sigh; 'Tis his way the wide world o'er. ANNIE A. ROYSTON. S.-From this fist where I indite All these simple cons. of mine, Y le have got an abler knight, Riding in the foremost line; If.his name you wish to know, I reply, " 'Tis Ivanhoe." Recently I hung my pen S Up behind my, study door Now I take.it last again (To wiite as badly as before) ; Ne'ertheless, 1 wish to show lely respect for Ivanhboe. He it was who called me on When I lingered in the.fight; - He it was whose latest con. First of all proclaims his might Therefore my best thanks I owe To the courteous Ivanhoe. PATRICK S., Bilfast. 4.-My first is a kind of duck If you will change its head, Then A well-knownu beverage You will have instead. . II. CARTER. NARRATIVE M1ETAGRAM.I e nrst letter of a wordis changed, to form another word in . the nafrative.) -When, as La Incognita, I appeared In No. 844 (if you'll refer), As I therein remarked, I greatly feared Thatmy unmaskiug would toosoon occur; But then, you see, I thought you sharper far Than I have proven siince you really are. The " flattering Utution" to my soul I lay, That my disgunihbf ione you tiould not pierce. "Could not I" mmtst]inks I hear.e-hr:v'e.kniglit say, His look all scori,. his aspect truly fierce - Ooald not !' sli fattere. h herself, in sooth! Bad sheusaid' would apt' she wore neitrer truth." Allh! if you know ime, gallant knight ,"tis well; Then can you lift the mask that hides the sin~e Then to all others who would know it tell Who 'tis that wears '" La Incognita's" name. But, if you do not this, why, then, yoansee, you must not say you. have discovered me. Therefore, think on, until I come again, tý eoh a time a"s shall my'h'um'ddr please'; And as this parting gives you.joysor pain, T will my coming bring you grief or-ease. Till then I'll watch yqu~ through this mask I- wear, And farther worisofs mine youthez.,shall hear. You, gentle ladtid~wlm/ with graceful song, ' Oeign in the o'ourhnament " from week to week, think you the time will be or short or long That I, in' hiding, aiy my features keep P A _ do not knowf:?,'PThen let the future tell, SAn the.present will I say " Fare well I" LA INCOGNITA. HID DENACROSTIC. . lOne letter taken from tbtl lst word of each line will form . -: ,iapoess ncme.),., :.. - 'i4ýel'iitthis verse of mine . ..as a pti;pame ; Re who-liveth through all time, Witinldyihg fame. ut i exell r your sue rhyfe itrvyoue such g' d'measure, to -hide sccir small 'e r on with wonder while herding my kine. 'ot 'tis a lre aunduaoe-' sung so sweetly [ i an e'er could be got from my pan I neilt score ~g long syllables neatly, e s 0o a..... what m8aning, discreetly, S.. -d thus up by" Ttiat bear in his den." - MADuEIor.,
IBETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-Oh, Ross B., dear Rosa B., Pray wake up from thy slumber,. And take again, with might and main, Thy place amongst the number Of riddling maids and knights who write To this our " Riddle T." Come, issue from thy hiding-place, And show once more thy welcome face To us, dear Rosa B. Oh, Rosa B., dear Rosa B., We give thee kindly greeting, And send to you a welcome true At every " Tourney " meeting. So tune thy first and raise thy voice So full of mirth and glee, And sing a glad, triumphal strain, Or send thy choicest lays again To us, dear Rosa B. Oh. Rosa B., dear Rosa B., Full many a bosom bounded In joyfld lays and songs of praise Since last thy harp re'ouuded. In " Tourney" next well thou hast earned Each riddler's loyalty; So once again thy homage pay- Awake and chaunt a splendid lay To us, dear Rosa B. J. LEIGHa (" SYNTAX"). OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word)J 8.-Ah me I my weary heart feels sad, The cruel world is filled with trash; My constitution's very bad, And 1 am out of cash I While she- But, there, why should I pine ? The die is cast, the first is sown; Why should I wish to call her mine, Or love but her alone ? Then cease, dull aching of my breast I Why should the panting give tme pain P Oh I let me hide my grief in rest: We shall not meet again I But, no; I cannot rest or sleep I wander through the feverish air, Where the cold, sobbing night-winds sweep The moorland drear and bare I Why did she change P Oh, silent skies, Methought my heart would cease to boat When all the love that in me lies Was resting at her feet I But, there, 'tis gone, and let it go- No more I'll seet to fume and fret; 'Tis gone, and though I love her so, I'll struggle to forget. But, oh I no wonder that I'm sad, Or that the world lasts cold and drear- I've loved and lost a girl who had Five thousand pounds a year ! H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 9.-Again I venture to appear here, But, riddlers, be not too sevee ; clear Away the doubts that now oppress (yes, I feel compelled to all confess), press So hard upon my weary mind, wind Around my brain in way unkind, bind My happy thoughts with chains of drear fear That every night I'm sure to hear queer Voices from my I oung Folks shout out, " What's that new riddling chap aboutP Clout Whoever to beat us shall dare swear; His cons. from first next pages scare ; ne'er Let his name be seen again plain, Or, if it is, he shall be slain I" Vain My efforts to more cheerful grow, so I now to execution go. Jo-KINe, Lambeth. 10.-An Irishman once in trouble got During the Ashantee first, For drinking a flask of whisky hot S Which neaxtfor a comrade's thirst. His defence was good when brought to task By the colonel of his corpsi " I pouredthe liquor iii my flask, - And drank till there was- no more. "' Mine was at the bottom, don't you see ? I-drank to get at my own - But I'll promise to keep off the spree And -leave the spirits alone." --CoLONNA O'D, DOUBLE. OMEGRADIS. (Change the two last letters at a word, to form another word,) 11.--Close by old Norwayts shores Lofoden Maelstrom roars, Writhing and.swirling.; Deatli has his pri.mal there, When through the black night air His arms are curling. E'en now the tale'is told, -- How once a Viking bold Stirred Wodeu's anger ;- Boasted that with- his crew, Right in the centre, too, IHe would lestaanchor, - Then, while the tempest roared,. Fb'rth fromn, the West Fi9rd 'Thor'ald went sailing'; . By hii, with hearts of steel, Stood his men, true and leal, .Courage ne'er failing. Swift from.above there came' * Flaghes ind tongues of flame, 'G`inst the ship strikidg;. They heard loud' voices iroar, S"'aiI eifor evermore, Tho ald the Viking I' .-..iiWh cj through the waters dark, Effoi to sage the barqde Proved unavailing; An : d all the people say SInthe -Maelstrom.to-day TThorald is- saili.g, .-:., :..- , .... ROBaRT LE DIADLE. 12.-Long and loudly I've been craving CruelJirst to smile on me, . Till, Ithink my head is raving ". . With my load of misery. Many times- hare I intended Never more to woo. its smile, Whenm~iy reason-comprehended SItiwas.second-all the while. Oh:d ,what painthe knowledge gave me, ... When Imnderstood so-well ::. .TlAtroln' osat& nought;eould save me, ..... . conutdcaroeleyterte telli . Tbeou Isa~w.the reasoplainly - . " Whey m9yeff~rt l didthid,'......... And I stopped, them very sanely; Yes,: did, upon my word. ' Since that time I'vre been contented -Certain other smiles to, woo, In the hope they'd lmav presented Solid~comfort to my viesa. But, alas I must confess it, All my hopes did fourth away When I thought I did possess it- OhI the sorrow of that d.'l " .. . . - Puct, Ballymona,
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSETION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ 13.-Oh, Gladys, my sweetheart, sweet Gladys, Just look at the rainbow above; You know what it is, queen of ladies- The son and the rain formed it, love. 'Tie meet that the two should be blended To form that magnificent bow; And life without sunshine were ended, Or life with but sunshine, I trow. With sunshine we must have the shower, With shower we must have the sun; But why have the weed with the flower- The weed rank and worthless, sweet one P It has always been so, and, I fancy, Although we may not see the need. The snowdrop, the rose, and the pansy We prize more because of the weed. Where the sun soon will set in the distance, Beyond those woods heaven seems to meet, Is the home of our after-existence; 'Tis my dream, and the dream seemeth sweet. Here joy is companion to sorrow- Laughter comes from the source of our tears ; Oh, love, you may leave me to-morrow, And I may not follow for years. Yet, Gladys, my little love, Gladys, Oh, you who make life to me dear, Though joy of joys first joy to fade is, There still is some happiness here. Calm is sweeter when storm cometh after, Peace is dearer because of the strife ; If tears were not mingled with laughter, Should we then see the rainbow of life P AacHEa B., Kentish Town. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or worls.) Foundation W1ords. 14.-When we rise in the morning with vigour renewed, And to breakfast with pleasure repair, Let the board be recherchl, or scanty the food, 'Twill be strange if my final's not there. At the same cheerful meal, too,my printal's oft seen- It is frequently placed in my whol"; It is wholesome and nice, and if appetite keen, One may like it with hot buttered roll. Cross Words. Whenever I talk, as I frequently do, Of the talent displayed in this sheet, My praises are this, and I'm quite sincere too, For elsewhere none like it we meet. The next thing you'll need is a quadruped rare- I suppose there is one in the Zoo; To help you a little, I may plainly declare That to each one its name will be new. For third you must find out the name of a bird Who is surely a biped renowned; To name his creator would be quite absurd, For you've read all his works, I'll be bound. K. BLoUNT, Reading. ACROSTICS. (A wor wordrwords. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 15.-Surprised and delighted by thy praise, A friendly, hearty clasp I give thy hand, And hope that high mayst thou in our ranks stand. Still mayst thou sing thy bright and tuneful lays To swell the " Tournament ;" our songs we'll raise Throughout the leugth and breadth of thin great land. So firm together we, a merry band, May still united be through length of days. Cross Words. From out the primal flew the shining brand- The combatants in deadly earnest close; Staining in crimson all that smiling land, The ruddy stream of blood in torrents flows. Beneath the shadow of the tree they stood, And gazed on all the scenery around; No voices broke the charming solitude And roused the distant echoes with their sound. He raised it to his lips and drained the cup, And new life seemed to spring into his veins; Then as he held the empty goblet up, Praised it in loud and all-impassioned strains. To enemies he went in dead of night, And sold his comrades' liberty for gold; And now has fallen on his head the blight- Crushed has he been by miseries untold. They rush all terror.stricken as it comes, And fly for safety to the-nearest place; Beneath its whiteness buried are their homes, And desolation stares them in the face. Name of a woiian who lived long ago, Wife ofa great man held in high repute; To make a quarrel she wasnlever slow, For passion-in her.bosom had its root; Ivasnon. Belfast. Foundation Word. 16.--A poble name my whole imparts, Of one whose strains sublime Can cheer and elevate men's hearts Insey'ry land and clime; 4 lname which is on every tongue, Aid will endure for aye, Auid stand, a; chief, the bards, among, Till time shall pass away. Gross Words. This boon above all otherd'prize, For most true pleasure in it lies. Wheq friends are next, and far away, How much w'e miss thepn none can say. My next you all.will surely say Is in the papers ev'ry day. Trouble and want are written here- There's plenty in our midst, I fear. In fifth perceive a kind of fish Which makes a very tasty dish. With waving plume and armour bright, " My lest presents a gallant sight. . ' . .FBiKtn., London. DUAGRAM. (Olutang the first two.letters of a word to form another word) 17. Oh, riddlers, I am wrathful- L feelinclmed to swear, . . First out, with tags and wrenches, Great handfuls of my hair. The reason why I'll last yen*u-. 'Twas but the other night : When I a splendid poem SWith labour great did: write. SIleftt the MS. of it , SOn a table while away, ... .'/ And I thouihbt ['dthensehdit To an editorthis day. . , - But, lo I I receiveda shock .. . I Thatpiercedme to thheeart,, And made me, when I saw itU , With indignmition stkrt. I found acrosse my poem These words, scrawled by some muff, "A box of matehts wanted To illuminate this stuff I" D. WarrBLAW. ENIGMA. 18.-Sometimes I'm high, and sometimes lowj Men pass 'me by, and on they go. W. Lswrs, Ironville.
POLYPHONE. (A word which has different sounds, and bears a different moaning with each change of pronunciation.) 19.-Just fancy I after all the while she's tarried, Our Gill has left the parent roof at last ; The fact is, Jack and Gill were lately married, And may they climb the hill of fortune fast I The fair bride being in consinship related To Ned, bluff uncle Richard's eldest son, To post of " best man " he was nominated, And since has been the first of endless fun. It seems that Ned was bent on looking suitable The august ceremony to promote, So resolved to wear a stove-pipe sleek and beautiful, A cut-throat collar and plum.coloured coat. I left him on the wedding eve a-roaming, The cherished coat the object of his search; And in the morn he was so late in coming, I began to fear he'd left us in the lurch. I last to waiting. It is always vexing, So none too soon Ned's figure hove in view, Upon his sunburnt face a look perplexing, Upon his back a coat of emerald hue I I'll ask you to imagine the impression Ned's " get-up" caused among the happy throng; We afterwards returned the gay possession 'MIid my own laughter and Ned's language strong. Arrived at Snip's, Ned angrily asked why it Was that the coat should prove of such a type. " The coat is green, sir, nor do I deny it," Snip answered; " so are plums before they're ripe I" T. CARPENTER. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 20.-Upon a worn-out office stool the lawyer's clerk re- clines ; The clerk a seedy man is he, who ne'er tastes any wines; And the fingers on his poor white hands touch not many coins. His hair is yellow, and his face is like a poor old crow's- At all events, he has orow's-feet just round about his nose; So meek and mild, just like a child, he makes not any foes. Year in, year out, he plods to work, whether fine or wet; He does not to the rac s go-he has no cash to bet; He thinks, bow could l1 keep a wife if he should married get? In leisure hours, 'midst fairy bowers (his lodgings, I should say), He sits and studies last; and when he goes to work next day, He dreams of how a first he'll be, and write a splendid lay. On Sunday he goes off to church, and winks at all the girls (The one which he admires most has long and flowing curls) ; He thinks that he is equal to all the loyds and earls. And when from out of church they come, he strolls along the street, And mingles not with tradespeople, but only the dlite (In doing this he thinks he does a very clever feat). Working, adoring, borrowing, onward through life he mows; And when he's had his share of life, and off to heaven he goes, He'll leave friends numerous behind, but not as many foes. H. MILLs, Birmingham. 21.-One night, as I lay in my bed, very tired, With the troubles and cares us the day, I had such a fright that I nearly expired, And I've not been right since I may say. Ifirst some one talking outside in the street- Just below my room window they were; I soon knew their business, which made my heart beat, For my goods they intended to share. They then broke a pane and got into the house With the daring for which they are known; While I lay in bed as quiet as a mouse, Not e'en daring to utter a groan. At length I could last them ascend stair by stair To spy room-my heart stood in my breast; I suddenly jumped up-'twas but the nightmare, As my supper was hard to digest I , . St JoHN. CEULET., NARRATIVE REVERSION.' (A word is reversed, and bears a diflerent meaning in the - narrative. S22,-1 bad a gallant donkey, and .her name was Saucy .Sue; -- No matter if the mud were deep-she always pulled me through. I never had to usa a stick to make that donkey go, For she could beat the stormy winds that o'er the ocean blow. And when my heart was filled with grief, and I was full o;bf g.oe, . I ofted saw that donlkey weep-she rQally .seemed to Btit now she's dead andiin her giate-I feel inclined to * weqp:. Ig more she'll draw my donkey:ast with.many an active ' leap ... , No more I'll hear her tuneful bray reeC o::down the Sstreet; No more I'll see her playful heels upraised my' lied t greet. I'm sure I loved that donkeymore thhn any olo can tell; My father gave her unto 'me forlet'rning lhow" dll 11 - . dHARADE: ) : rc. S'ormsed c a Weold ehliih yllable c~lwhichli a word.) 23.-See1 upon the stomy, poean, And a boy. hi sirs is losing, . :.. .....Though hets clinging to the mast. . Butnow look-the men are ready, And the total pulls a*ay I Hurrah! hurrah I now they've renoahd him,. . And he's saved ere break of day. - SLrrTLE BO-PEeP '.