,PLE OO UNAMbEIAT. CURTAILMENT. (Dropthe fnal letter of a word. loavine another word.) -...,,nh folk are and were,
-~e wi,"~"; ,otatoes, rather seedy; Like You'gPs and lany hair, orAnd, needless telling, he was needy; Artd, ln --Byron style-- Affected collarches most dramatic; Ss~Aowin wto the rank and file. Iis brain a fiat's unfurnished attic. ut eta welcome favourite Bt eY ing gatherings and such-like; And with his acting made a hit, Though Edmund Kean not very much like. e slughtered a Coming through the ye," e elaug tilated " In the Gloaming;" While spoony folk would pant and sigh, And primal ones were hastily" homing." lHe took the lead at outdoor sites, Sporting and dancing with bucolics ; And "did" the waterfalls and spates, And helped the babies in their frolics; Could twang and scrape the violin, And make successes with his fluting; While others plaudits failed to win, nd fain would pass with 1 Tootle-tooting." In fact, he was what all could wish, Beating all others in the running; Bat fora "talent" devilish, And that came to a rage for puenning. He offered up at every chance A sacrifice of word.perversion, Despite the irate countenance Of him who differed in diversion. He got at last to be a bore, And in the past they could not bear him; They set all traps in occult lore That cunningly they might ensnare him. And solemnly his friends declared, When last and cons. had been debated, That, from his practice undeterred, He must be excommunicated. They met in conclave after that, And brought the erring one before them, To try to teach him, plain and pat, That no more puns must ever bore them ; Reasoning plainly, and with truth, That every one would be greyheaded, And seek his grave in time of youth, If puns and jokes were not instead dead. The due ordeal was carried out, For though he promised true amendment, An accident soon brought about That no reform their dreadful friend meant. A donkey brayed outside the door, Some one remarked the sound was awful; "Oh, no," he shouted, with a roar ; "It's only-only he-he-haw.full I" IvaINHoE, Belfast. METAGRAMS. Ochgethe tfirst letter of a word to form another word.) oung Wilkins in his study sat, and gazed upon a picture, wore a tasselled cap and smock, and smoked some smoking mixture; as an artist, and in art 'tis true he was a spanker, sketched his subjects. easily, but drew best on his banker. lacing courses he was found to back round with the yellow- t, his friends all said,he was a most designing hlow. girl believed he rivalled either Turner or Mulready ; tales did nearly turner head about his fame already. she thought it was a poor trait of the genius he pro- sessed, to paint a portrait of herself he never would suggest. night he told her that her face was angelic and sainted, said it was, considering that she never had it painted. took the hint, and he resolved from memory to paint her; had she seen the painter's work I'm sure it would have pained her. ever, his resolve at last became an oily fixture ; I'm back again to where I left him gazing on her picture. st he first and then approached his gaudy master- piece, something in that piece of art disturbed the master's peace; ee weeks had he been at it, still it baffled all his skill, do his best in her dark eyes the fire was wanting still. took his palette and a drink; then cried, " No, never shall it said that ever I denied the cravings of my palate." o more his brush with patient care attacked those vacant eyes, the pupils still refuse to help the master's high eemprise. nhe filled and drained a glass, he thought 'twould him inspire, as not gold-size, nor terebine, and yet it made him drier. other second, another try, then he mentioned 1Mephisto, that face was not angelic, nor was he an Angelo; bl he took a knife and ripped it up, for he was in the blues, he swore upon his mallet no more colour would he iso. now he canvasses for books, and travels with a pack, his soul was in that picture, and he never got it back. R. rITzeRALD. There's nothing of danger or harm when you look Down a muzzle, unless it is loaded; Bt Brown didn't know it was cocked, don't you see, And that's why poor Jo was first lows dead I And when at the funeral people arrived, And elected a stone to lay one down, Twas unanimously neat, and concurred on all sides, That the words be " This fellow was done Brown 1" S. A. DE BUEabA. 4.-I have read your pleasant verses In the famous " Tournament," And I hope you'll conquer, Maggie, First on riddling you are bent. Please do not be offended At this rude address last mine, For I hope that in the "' Tourney" As a bright star you.will shine I LIama DoUetAs, Kenington. "Whl did you frst to blow up the place ?" a The uagistrate sternly cried - .'*cie,'" said the p soner iit neiat grimace, Iy moaer.in.law was inside I" InoN IsMAs. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another words) 68-Au enclosure for lirst please take; Used by brewers my lneizt will make. Bl0sE ANaD AuRUia.
NARRATIVE ,METAGRAMIS. (The first letter of a wdrd i chIanged, to form another word, ex- gr ,.+. n Iwn . ýrr+-, ll . ..1) 7.-I cannot write conundrums, In fact, I never could; You know I've tried to do so, but My head is made of wood. I've not the ingenuity To make a big success, And when I write my fingers get Into an awful moss; Yes, when I write my fingers get Into an awful mess. I cannot write conundrums Like other knights I see; They must observe my awkwardness And inability. I've struggled to conceal it, but The truth I'm dwelling on, My verses are not half as good As those by Tennyson; My verses are not half as good As those by Tennyson. I cannot write a bit-my muse Has given me the slip; I've not the perspicacity To find her ladyship. She's left me in a corner, and My ink is very low, And so I think I'd better say, "Good-bye, e.veetheart !" and go. Oh, yes, I think I'd better say, " Good-bye, sweetheart !" and go. J. W. sz1enLL. (With compliments to Ivanhoe.) 8.-What a pleasant little mystery Surrounds thee, Ivanhoe I To learn thy personal history Would delight us, Ivanhoe I But thou laughest at our guesses, Most tormenting Ivanhoe; Some provoking imp possesses The soul of Ivanhoe. "Tourney" knights have thought thy visor Hides a fair face, Ivanhoe ; But none are much the wiser For their prying, Ivanhoe. Wilt thou leave us yet to ponder O'er the mystery, Ivanhoe ? 'Twill lose power to charm if longer Thou dost keep it, Ivanhoe I MTrinm Gu . 9.-The low-lying country is covered with mist, There is fog in the woodlands and over the lea; And I've turned the last page of dear " Oliver Twist," And I've sworn the last swear at the bad Mr. B. And the wind in the chimney groans loud and complains, And the woods are not green, and the skies are not blue, So I stare at the fireplace and puzzle my brains, What had better be done when there's nothing to do. I have played with the dog, I have scolded the cat, I have read till my eyelids grew heavy and dull; I have sung till the music grew painfully flat, And the front street with people grew painfully full. And every five minutes I've looked with regret Out of doors, and as often have looked at the sky; And have thought that if highways were always so wet Then it's certain that highways would never be dry. But time goes so slow when it hangs on the hands, And the mist seems so thick when it hangs in the air; And I've gazed such a time over desolate lands That I'm near, very near, suicidal despair. And if Rose doesn't come as she promised she would, To go for a Walk and a bit of a blow, And this nasty old fog won't clear off as it should, Then it's certain that Rosie and I will not go. Toss. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 10.-Is life worth living ? Well, perhaps I ought to answer " No" to this, For Fate gives me such rousing raps, And Fortune somehow seems to miss Me when she makes her morning call, While favours upon others fall. But, then, if nothing Fortune gives, Certes I she's naught to take away; And Fate, though oft my soul she grieves, Takes now and then a holiday, And, reader-think the thing not strange- I do not murmur at the change. So fill the beaker with champagne Or milk-and-water-what you will; And drink with three times three again "Confusion to the cares that kill 1" Live wise and well, and marry be, I' faith, 'tis true philosophy I Ficano. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanted to form another wor.l.) 11.-I have come to woo thee, Alice, Laughing daughter of your papa; I have come to woo thee, Alice, As the chief did minnehaha. With the shadows of the evcning I have come to woo thee, sweet one; Come to ask you to be mine, dear, Because my heart is all alone. I have come to woo thee, darling, While your papa isn't near you; First you cannot say me nay, dear, And alhme I do not fear you. Bonny Alice, pretty Alice, Will you waft be all my own, dear? For I cannot live without you, And I cannot live alone, dear. W. A. LateGSTON, London. CHARADES. (Formeds on a wort eano syllable of which is a word.) 12.-" Confound that first !" I angrily said. As, fuming, I viciously rolled in my bed; " If it were only here now, 'twould very soon croak it. Oh, what a rare pleasure 'twould be for to choke it !" Resentment well roused, next morning I went And in procuring a second some money I spent; Revenge loomed in view. exulting delight Made anticipation joyous and bright. Then came a time when the whole served me well- Of the uproar that took place the neighbours can tell; Thus anticipation brought realization, And realization my great exultation. A. S. GonNo, Glasgow. 13.-My first is a soft mass; my second is a prononr ; my whole is seen in church.-CoNoDAI. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters oa a word, leaving another wolrdJ 14.-His mind's of an inventive turn, and He snets his inventions, I'm told; For this men call him prireal, and say His hlast of such schemes should more hold. RIlossaro, Loihdon. HIDDEN NAMES. 15.-1 amn yachting to-day, ii you wish to accompany me. Tha mouse vanishes every minute from the cat. ounr borth and mine are the most comfortable on board ship. Dora danced with father to.night. He lent you my nm- breall in mistake for his.--G. S. SAerTiNes.
ACROSTICS. (A wordor words, formed of the initial letters of other word.) 10.--When the monarch of frost has commenced his fierce reign, And his mighty achievements we've witnessed again, And ice gives true promise of bearing, What pleasure unbounded to rapidly glide, What music the ring of the skates, though denied Me at present, I think I am hearing I 'Tis then by most ardent of skaters professed To be of all seasons undoubtedly best. When from bed you arise and you first feel the chill Of the season's stern labour, you have not much will To try to discover its beauty ; The wind whistles shrill, and this does not give tone To the earnest assertion I've recently shown, But the curtain you draw as a duty. And find that King Frost has inscribed on each pane Floral beauties that Nature did never ordain. Cross Words. A damsel's name you'll plainly trace , Our" Tourney" page it oft does grace. My second is great when I'm sitting aloft, That is, in my dungeon or dwelling, And soon made aware of some discords not soft In strength which are rapidly swelling; Oh, rapture intense, for this harmony grand Is truly the work of a vile German band I For this I am fain to confess It could not, I'm sure, have been less. The surname of a riddling bard's confided, In order not to make this con. one-sided, And have the honours equally divided. I remember quite plainly a garden invading, Through pitfalls and man.traps my course safely wading, And trolling a ditty when ev'ning was fading ; Indeed, 'twas so dark (I next much self-upbraiding) I'd mistaken the house, and with canine friends aiding, I quitted the scene, and renounced serenading. I've safely evaded the monster who called For the taxes-I'm last free from sorrow; But now I remember he angrily bawled Through the keyhole, " I'm coming to.morrow !" J. Srocxs, Lambeth. Foundation Word. 17.-Primals we have nearly every night; Sometimes we have them and wake in a fright. Cross Words. We keep a first to fright Intruders away at night. We second when in a boat; To do it, take off our coat. We third at every meal Hungry no longer to feel. Some go fourth for their health, Some for fortune, some for wealth. The fiith brings letters unto us. Plus a "fee," to males non-plus. If last, and very ill, Nasty medicine and a pill. G. S. ASTINS. PECULIAR ACROSTIC. (Cross wcords of equal length.) 1.-1. A plant of the genus Euphorbin. 2. In aprofane manner. 3. Shields from dangerorinjury. 4. Exhausted by waut of sustenance. 5. That which appears to the mind. 6. Extreme pain. 7. Revoked. 8. To cease to flow. 9. Cautions against danger. 10. Plundered by open force. 11. A vision to the waking senses. 12. Having or con- taining many languages. 13. That land or tenement which is held in fee-simple, fee-tail, or for term of life. Foundation Words. The third letters of the words will spell the name of a celebrated English essayist and historian who died on February 5, 18S1. The sixth letters of the words will spell the name of a celebrated Italian artist, who died on February 17, 1563. G. FOBaEST. NARRATIVE BETAGRAIM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 19.-Overhead the sky was dark, 'neath my feet the streets were wet; There I saw a tall policeman fall upon the ground, and yet- Once I saw a little boy, and a cigarette he had : Shall I tell you what occurred to that dashing little lad ? A young follow, too, I watched kiss a maiden on the face; 'Twas a trilling action, but it caused a breach of promise case. There in front a garden gate, newly tarred with paint blood-red, And a foppish masher leant against that pretty rail. He said- I observed a man sit down, and he thought 'neath was a chair; But his little son had moved it.... O'er his knee, and- Oh, but there ! H. J. W. OSSOrD AND S. DE BEaB. DECAPITATIONS. (TIroa the first letter olf word. ]eavina another word.) 20.-Behead a man whom none with honour name, And leave a river of historic fame. Behead a silver coin, and bring to view A kind of clay in yellow, red, and blue. Behead a soldier using a large shield. And leave what serves him on the battlefield. Behead an animal with stealthy tread, And find part of a blossom in its stead. F. BENsoN. DECAPI.CURTAILMIENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another 21.-My first come every week, of this I'm positive; And ntext an answer is in the affirmative. Rose AIu Aannua. LOGOGRIPH. (A word whliah may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 2.-A sort of fish you'll find in this, Well known unto you all, I wis; Decapitate this quickly, and A kind of measure is next scanned. Delete, the third to you will name An animal both wild and tame; Reft of its head, the last will show A verbal part of speech all know. RonFTO AeD FaLCOsEn. ENIGMA. 23.-I live in wealth and affluence, Yet am never out of debt, And, maybe, that's the reason why I am always in a pet; If I were worth a million pounds, I'd still be in arrears; And seek me morning, noon, or night, I'm ever found in tears. You deem me most unfortunate? Oh, spare your pity, pray I I amn in supremest happiness To-day, and every day. J.1. SAsmsos. ADDED LETTERS PUZZLE. 21.-Add two letters to each of the following words, and so form other words:-Lamb, rye, leap, ripe, rage, tore, bank, body. The same two letters to be used with every word,-FLIss xnTxarsR n T.
CONCEALED SENTENCE. 25.-In the following sentence you ill ina ad well- forming it occupy the same position in each word. For in really striving to imitate noble people, eminent and courteous, ever form inflexible resolves; strenuously. trudge in narrow ways; avoid rude, artful, noisy, de. signing fellows; intend rightly; serve truth; in snothing tender harmful effrontery; hate every ambitious rascal; treasure sane, orthodox forms; hurry in some cases; observe useful notifications; tenderly rebuke youth; manifest ever nerve.-H. A. G. NOUN PUZZLE, 20.-The letters of the twenty-five following common nouns are taken from a name, formed of ten letters, only one, a consonant, being repeated. Findtheoriginalnoun. Twins, gist, hat, tongs, song, wig, sting, ton, twig, ash, wing, son, shin, thing, gash, gas, tow, thaw, tin, saw, inn, wag, wash, nag, sin. F. Jonas. PHONETIC DUPLICATES. 27.-1. Everybody * * * * * that a lover of strong drink is liable to show it by his red * * * as well as otherwise. 2. While she ' * * "' ' her pie-plates she gazed at the bush which had * * * * * * * * beside her window.-S. S. RHYMING TRANSPOSITIONS. 28,-1. - - - was intended In - it ended. 2. - - - hobby, of some sort or other; Then, - of it, haste to try another. 3. Though -, his love to show, He - -, and let the prisoner go. 4. Do unto others as you'd be - - ; You cannot go - it, should you try. 5. If - - - and find the need arose From -, my purse next time I close. J. P. B. THREE DROP.LETTER PUZZLES. 29.-1. .e-p-r.; an animal. 2. -i-u-e-a-t; an officer in the army. 3. .u-i-i-a-; pertaining to a city.-J. Baows. TOPSY.TURVEYGRAP. 30.-The following verse, restored to its proper form, is by Longfellow :- Niag dehsingnav eht ezirp eht si Gniusrup so erutpar eht dna Gniod eht ni si drawer sti Niav ni si rnovaedne on. S. FOaxrSBra. CONUNDRUMS. 3L-When the western breezes blow, As the evening's afterglow Gilds the village glass and spires, And the blacksmith's lurid fires Burn low, while the watchman old In the church the hour has tolled, And all are on the homeward way, Tell me why the village " pub " Is opposite the eve of day. W. A. Lxeosros. 32.-Why should a sculptor look absurd ? 33.-Why is a washerwoman at the mangle like a visitor demanding admittance at the door ? 34.-Why is a raven justified in its remonstrances ? 35.-When is a thief like a snruessful fisherman P? F. B67VLES, West HartlepooL 36.-Why is a carpenter like a lawyer ? 37.-When is a fire not warm ? Co0rSa. 38.-Why might the letter L be called a flirt ?-J. H. Vrvus, Croydon. 39.-What Roman numeral can make depravity of a frozen liquid P-S. Stais. SQUARE WORDS. 40.-Witchcraft. To confuse. Triangular end of a building. Lands surrounded by water. A trunk.-J. CooPrs. 41.-A flat-bottomed boat. A Jewish title. The girdle of a priest. The white poplar. A certain coveringfor the head.-S. JaiEs. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 42.-First is pronounced by closing your teeth; If you second a thing you've moved your teeth; Titrd makes a noise you can make with your teeth; If you fourth you have to move your teeth; FUhth's pronounced by closing your lips when you touch your teeth. G. S. Asrurs. 43.-WORD OCTAHEDRON. 1 2* 5 5 *5 6 From 1 to 5, a knock. From 2 to 3, a tune. From 4 to 5, a pause. From 6 to 1, a bustle. From 2 to 6, a beast of burden.-H. A. G.