RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADES. IPormd oL a word naohk ayllable of whoish Is a word.)
,Come, let us rest a moment in this lower.favourod shade, Sade weave a whole to crown you little monarch of the gl weave ; gnde shall be your fair dominion, and this lessy bank your m th evoted subject king could wish to own. d I the mosn to you allegiance, for you hold my heart yes, I'l aned With swet and subtle power which none other e'er bath gair si ad n hrned; r e t a darling ttle primal, with your earest eyes of Ay frm white brow and clusteringllocks just suited ouder why they sing so muoh in praise of little girls- f their eyes so blue and sparkling, and their floating, Of their wiles so soft alliuring and their dainty airs and Ad the sunlight dimples playing o'er their pretty, win.- some faces. ers toser, rave, fairy maidens their way are in thell enough, und bays, I think, at e'en that age are made of sterner stiff ; I mure ch prefer the bluffness of ywhour m and boyish have read. id the foremostimp beauty of those witching little creatares. Toe my chic myrous Saxon is an old-time hero knight, Will you tendr, brave, and courteous, ever steadfast in the right ? And thinking thus upon you, by the links of Fanny led, I recall those virtuous knights of whom together we tenderea light d. d the foremost stands Sir Galahad, whose life passed free from blame resolve to come out victor from the strife. ow I thope any sprig of chivalry may gain as sweet a famel o1 m wonder what yom'll be, dear, when to man's estate your've grown I In your face I seek the promise of a future yet unknown. There, it suits you to be all I've fancied for my little ideal nightall ot bri ill your eyes shine teny as clearly with their pure and tender light? I dare not dwell upon it; yet I'm sure you'll bear through life The infexitbl resolve to come out victor from the strife. B the gleavend is completed- all the flowers are woven now;id pillows white as snow. ou change the sceneust pass from knight to monarch-onet me place iTht on it back ast bebrow.ars. There, it sits you to perfectionaders, tell,henceforth I shall not bringa story, stirring, grand, Homags to oar dainty May Queens-you shall be my own May Bing. Amry BoEHsMas. 2.-Afar in sunny Switzerland, All safe within this fold, And nestlinr to its mother's breast, I. bid you first behold. Then lerave the shepherd and his reock, And enter soft aud slow To wsolvhere his babmye takes one sweet net, 'Atid pillows white as snow. Aowt change the scene to nearerdhome- A traveller with his wares; He 'salts beside a sorry nag Therryt on its ack last ears. What isfrom oce taln drawn, theaders, tell, For, past all doubt, ye know it well. I squinow a story, stirring, grand, As any writ in this, our land. CuRIserLLA P. CuAao. .-Yorll fio beauy firadds beanth tche grate yhore thereahed tboe pnfire A meaeurd of cloth for s net, ii you To solve my con, desire. An article we often use You'll find now for my third, expressed At pantomimes weleole has been seen t Chr. B. rtmastime I've heard. I've seen her, and I daresay you erryers young folks have seen her too. E. W. Snuarsa, .-My first is stamped on every earthly thing-R Restless and mutable are all things here; M ry set, from ocean drawn, they duly hring To grace your table with its dainty hbeer. These joined, and, o! the nurse starts back, affrighted, From cradle, where she lately hung delighted, Those squiuting eyes and lolling tongue beholding, The pranks of witch or envious sprite unfolding. e-My fire s to beauty adds another charm, And oft the shafts of envy doth disarm. cMy scond swells a parent's happiness, if virtue, with my ' yst, the mind possess. My holee has reached the pinnacle of fame oy deeds heroic. Riddlers, what's my name? 6.-A kind of fruit in flrst you'll find UIn eurtole a well-known English town. W., F. NOLANr , Olonmel. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. flor thl first litter if a word, leaving another word. expressed in the nrrdatdiva larwre p 7.-It doe,, seem hard-upon my word it does-. Thsat ev'ry con I send unto the Ed. The W. p. receives; the shasrk Upon my bits of cream- laid note is fed. It must be that they are not up to much; but here before you all I maka a vow That are another yar, has crossed my head, I'll have a try to ontdo David Gow. lie shall no longer lead the riddling troops- The crown he's worn so long he'll hand to me; In ev'i town on posters you will sea These words: "R. Forsyth, ruler of the 'T.' " Now, RII., next week I'll send by Pickford's van B CorlS.; and you'll say, I believe, YothsG'1re the brightest , ;rth.pro raking let euvs ever had the honoar to recoivoe. E. FoasYrss ANAGRAMS ON FAMOUS PAINTERS. 1.-ll rode about ten miles or so, and then Reined up his horse within a wooded glen. Your feeble hints on "colour"i despise, Pargg~ca S, b~elfast,
(Thelist letter of a word is ehanged to form another wor) ' ' 9-The soul of the poet is buoyant and free As the spray of the osean-the wind of the west I White in every blossom and every tree, In every grass-blade that's born in the lea, There's a world of deep meaning-a poem, which he Finds the key to unlook in his breast. The jirst of the poet commands him to teach The truthe which he gleans to the heart of his kind Net to ape the pedantic, to cavil or pseach, .Dt to tenderly sing what his brethren beseech, And to pluck Nature's treasures. deducing from each Some moral which widens the mind. As the centuries next over each hemisphere, The multitude feel the bard's mystical pow'r, They see with his eyes, and the future grows elear; They glimpse highest heaven, so' far, yet so near;. The poet's voice rings, and they joy as they hear The sermon he culls from each flow'r. JEmur ARTnuR. PREOCE.OMEGRAM. (Ohange thalast letter but one of a word to form another word.) 10.-Oh, 'tis sweet to think, when weary of the wintry days of gloom, That they'll vanish when the springtime visits earth in all its bloom, And that summer in its glory, with its wealth of golden hours, Will assist the spring again to bring to life the faded flowers. Ah, at one time we were fearful that the winter's icy breath Would have chilled our little Daisy-would have first her low in death; She is such a fragile blossom, and requires such tender care- Maybe there are fowers like her in that last divine and fair; For I love to anurse the fancy she was seat to us on earth From that undiscovered country where the angels have their birth ! Now with hope our hearts seem lighter; brighter seemed to shine the san When, this morning, with the flowers we beheld our little one. How she loves to see them growing in the garden I-how she cried When, last year, she saw them wither, wither slowly till they died I And she asked us why they perished when the cruel winter came- Why they couldn't live for over, and for ever be the same. They would come again, we told her, but she only shook her head, And she looked at us in wonder as she murmured, "They are dead." Death I How could she comprehend it P Will she ever fear its might? She is not afraid of darkness, or to sleep alone at night. See how now she gently slumbers ! Oh, how beautiful is sleep Pillowed on her dainty eyelids, hiding orbs so blue and deep ! Lakes, twin lakes, her little eyes are, where Love often doth repair, Bathing in their depths, rejoicing in the sunlight of her hair. Such a smile of sweet contentment on her face angelie lies I Ah, who knows but in her dreams she has a glimpse of Paradise? We would not disturb her slumbers, yet how sadly we should weep, Did she ne'er retrace her footsteps from the shadow-land of sleep I ARCHEr B., Kentish Town. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word,) 11.-You want to know the first to write a sonnet P It is not much we know, but, still, I think ' We do know that. You take your pen and ink, And half a sheet of paper, and anon it Is necessary you should write upon it Something on any subject you next choose That suits the inclination of your muse-- Third love, or hate; a storm; a lady's bonnet, And then you make a sort of little break, And as a huntsman, having taken breath, All further rest and dalliance declines, And makes one swift rush in the fox's wake, And comes in flushed with triumph " at the death," So make your full stop after fourteen lines ! ADCOOK AND COULSON. 12.-Oh, whisper me, solver so wise- Whisper me, solver so kind, The true reason the garden walks And why is the window blinid Say, w'hy is the engine tender P- Was it changed so in a night? Why should the next sky lark P? By Jove I It must ble a wondrous sight. Tell me, how did the pale cow slip P First, what did the Ibng clothes prop P A questIon o'er which I'm perplexed Is, Where did the white snow drop ? Pray, what does the looking glass see P From its vantage-point on high P And now-for I bid you good lust-- Say, what makes the butter fly? aoiNIsTEs. 13.-'Tis not the first time I have sent My riddles to the "Tournament;" But though before I tried in vain, I'll not give up, but try again. To see my name in print I'm bent; The idle minutes I have spent In doing useless things! I'll now To "Riddle Tournament" allow I can't first with the clever sages Whiso names are seen on Young Folks pages, But still I newt this time to see My con. appear in the " R. T." IvANROr, Belfast. 14.-The cons. I sent were all declined, Although I tried with first and main. I feel disheartened. Never mind-- I'll try again. I cannot net them like D. Gonu, Or many others I could name, But hope the.one I send doth now Attention claim. W. J., Belfast. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated serstrately.) 15.-Myfirst's in centre, but not in middle My second's in harp, but nut in fiddle My third's in Scotland, but not in France; My fourth's in spear, also in lance Myfiftlh's in-Liffey, but not in Shannon . My siath's in sword, but not in cannon. These united and read aright Bring a French seaport towi to sight. A. J. GIsaITrn. CONUNDRUMI. 16.-Now, valiant knights and ladids fair, 'Can you now'tell'to ne' 'ht hwhiiliy6i£ ouin- often hear, But yet can never see P G, As T,
DBNAGRd js. (Qhange the art two letters of a word to form another word.) 17.--I'6;1 rs her little hand in mine- "Good.bye," I said; I sawa truant teardrop shine, "Good.bye,' I said. We stood outside her cottage door, The night ri.h, sparkling jewels wore, And yet I stood, whilst o'er and o'er "Good-bye" I said. I looked upon her face and sighed, " Farewell," Isaid; And still I lingered by her side- ' Farewell," I said; Her dark-fringed eyes looked bright and blue, Herlips were of a cherry hue, And so I-what else could I do ?- "Farewell," I said. The time flew swiftly by, and yet " Good-bye," I said; I longed to tell with what regret " Goodbye," I said; I longed to leave a token sweet, To bind our very thoughts complete, Yet but two words could I repeat- "Good.bye" I said. I have not seen her since that night "Farewell," I said, When to my final dreams so bright " Farewell " I said. The details here I'll briefly state: Her father's shoes were numbered eight, And as he launched me o'er the gate- "Farewell" I said I EDITH K. RENDLE AND MARION TAYLon. 18.-The line of knights on either hand Did bow the knee, as from the strand The king advanced, save but one knight Who stood alone; his armour bright Reflected back the sun's kind ray, Tet he was 'neath a first that day. "Thou dost not kneel," the king did cry. " I cannot," was this knight's reply. "Thou eanst not, varlet P Thou dest moan Thou wilt not " and this day hast seen Thy last, for thou shalt die, thou knave." And then the king this order gave: "From yonder varlet out his head; And while the blood flows fresh and red, Rend ye the corse in pieces four, And east them down upon the shore, So that the birds his bones may pick. There, to your work, and do it quick I" At this the knight did raise his hands. "Hold, hold 1" he cried. " M' liege, here stands A last whose armour at the knee Doth work the opposite of free; And this alone prevents me, sire, From kneeling down upon the mire." At this the king did smile, and said, " Sir knight, those words have saved thine head, Let this to thee a lesson be; And when thou next thy king wouldst see, See that thine armour worketh free." TINY. 19.-Jonathan Grit was a miserly creature, Deformed in back, and also in feature; He'd plenty of foes, and he'd friends very few; To keep safe his money Grit wanted to do. He barred all the windows and bolted the door, And then put his money just under the floor; To manage the primal of burglar or thief, He placed near the doorway a trap, to be brief. One night, he was resting himself in a chair, When a great noise he heard which caused him to stare; He ran to the place where his.hoard had been left, But, lo and behold I of his wealth 'twas bereft. When this sight met his gaze, he gave forth a shout; But looking again, he jumped up and ran out To the house below his, where, up on a shelf, Lay the bag that held all his money and pelf. But this sight proved toe much for Jonathan Grit: His joy was so great that he fell in a fit. And died from a nert of the heart soon after. A next caused his wealth to fall through the rafter. D. IMoanus, Glasgow, 20.-Gaily pass the hours, While among the flowers; Roses first and white- These are my delight. Some of them I'll take, Last a garden make For my Laura's tomb- There they'll sweetly bloom. E. J T. BR. ENIGMA. 21.-Some men do spurn me, and call me a curse, And say I'm no use, but to lighten the purse; While others do say, and say it with glee, I'm the very best comfort that ever could be. The fair sex don't like me, this mnst be confessed, But when in deep trouble still in me they are dressed; Men show me their love in a most curious way- They first burn me to ashes, then throw me away. J. COLAS E, Lincoln. ACROSTIC. (A word. or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foundation Word. 28.-What mean those trampled fields of golden grain F- Those burning homesteads, and those moans of pain? What awful power has wrought destruction there, And made that pleasant spot so bleak and bare P That early morn the shrill, ear-piercing notes, Blown from a dozen trumpets' brazen throats, Had loudly echoed over vale and lea To herald in this scene of misery. Fierce squadrons, eager-eyed for spoil and blood, Had thundered down like a destroying flood; And grim.mouthed guns had spat their fiery spleen, And crimsoned dyed fair Nature's lovely green. Oh, bury deep the helmet, sword, and shield, And to the wand of Peace let all men yield Let strife and bloodshed cease throughout the land, And love and joy reign o'er us hand in hand I Cross TYords. We scorn the cup, and loud and long we raise Our voices to the gushing fountain's praise. We sigh for peace, but cannot help but cheer When of our gallant heroes' deeds we hear. We are both loyal and true to Queen and Crown Therefore on these we can do naught but frown. E. BLAIR A-O H. J. DoD, Liverpool. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narraelve:l 23.-Silence has fallen upon the city, Hushdd now is the traflio's roar; The place is wrapped in peaceful quiet, For the hurry andhbustle of day is o'er. The tired workers are sweetly dreaming- How thankful they are for their night's repose I And all the sad ones, the broken-hearted, In sleeping, awhile forget their woes. But the night will fade and moth be breaking, The toilers must wake to their work again, And they who in sleep had forgotten their sorrow, Must wake to another day oLpain. She isasleep, but in the right morning Sle'4l on her eyes On the wQrldMnp more, ForJeath t~B Reaper has stolo daurloved one, 'An( sh0 wil awake on the heavenly shore. MAcn DOl)eLtS,
NAR RATIVE TANSPOSITION. (The letters of i word are transposed, and form another word ia the narrativel 24.-I knew a man who studied to behave Himself in public; and when last we met, I lent him, with a kind of half regret. My listening ear, and in return he gave This little lecture upon etiquette r- O mortal, if you ever go at all Unto a sooial party or a ball, Bear this great truth upon your mem'ry's shelf: You do not go there to enjoy yourself; You go, each man, to criticise his brother- To sit and sneer and snarl at one another ; Or, more the evening's pleasure to enhance, To loll on sofas and decline to dance; Or, if you are a poet, be discreet: Sigh much, but don't have anything to eat; For though men may, a poet never should Betray his appetite. And if you could Make it convenient to have a fit, Or faint, you cannot think how greatly it Would add to everybody's merriment I If you are asked to sing, pray don't consent: Say you are not acquainted with a song, Or that your voice, which never has been strong, Is ruined by a cold. or else create Some other new excuse-at any rate, Be dull and dignified, and hard to please; It makes your hostess feel so much at ease I If any one should try to make a joke, Or by good-humoured silliness provoke A little laughter, look as if a ton Of grief were on your mind; or if a pun Is made, assume that 'tis the Fates decree it, And show your sense-by seeming not to see it I Or if you talk, be ponderous and deep; If others talk, pretend to be asleep. And having thus done all that you can do To make the party happy, with a view To going home, look rounad and murmur that Quite half the guests hare gone ; then get your hat And say it's getting very late, and though You want to stay, you feel that you must go. Then go; snd if you can persuade your mind You leave a good impression still behind On those who' ve watched your evening's occupation, You must have got a strong imagination I Act always in this way if you expect To prove the greatness of your intellect; Or else, O mortal, never go at all Unto a social party or a ball I A. ST. J. Ancoc, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 25.-I met you forty years ago, 'Twas at a country ball To fall in love I was not slow, With you, a creature small. You stood below the stairs upright, Your clothes were cold and damp, I took you home with me that night- You know I did, dear " Gamp." Your former master p'r'aps was vexed At what he'd deem a theit; But still my mind was not perplexed, For thou to me wert left. I vowed I'd ne'er desert thee, friend, As through this world I'd tramp; And I'll be faithful to the end- I will, my dear old " Gamp." Soon after that, a friend, a wit, Profaned your name in song; He fancied it would make a hit- His judgment was not wrong. He first he'd sing it in the town And asked me if I'd vamp. I said I would, and knocked him down With your next, gentle " Gaeup." Ten more short years we will not see, We're " done up " without doubt; Together we have lived, and we . Together will " peg out." Of illnesses you've had but fevv, Though once you had the cramp; And then I was so good to you- Now, was I not, dear " Gamp" P And now, dear readers, you'll agree With me, a bluff old " fellah," A better friend I ne'er will see Than my old "umberellah." G. A. JONEs, Liverpool. 28.,-My first is found in every house; Decapitate, you'll view Part of yourself ; behead again, Then will be named to you What you, dear friends, have never seen; O'er all the earth 'tis found, I ween. SHUaVEL AND AYaEa 27.-To solve this con., in my first you may Find a drinking vessel made of clay; My next will bring unto your sight A bird that flies about at night. S. M'DorALD, SQUARE WORDS. 28.-A fruit now quickly guess for first, Which you'll soon do, I fear; In next, if you please try to look, An island will appear; Often is money lost and gained By third-you'll find this out; Some animals which you dislike Are seen in last, no doubt. J. STocxs, Lambeth.