IDDLE TOUARNAMENT. DUBAGRAMS.
(OheoC the first two letters of a word to form another word.) sig _ummer smiles upon us with a glory rich and golden, u our friendship in the days so sweet and As itwiledUpon tWhen together o'er the primal, lost in dreamy mists of pleor fair Chloris' haunts and gained admission Shrplor sure. to her d r eusole with joyance, and the sunset hour with spda - ndthe twilight scond moved us with an influence soft and tender ; Whe nde arose that full content What served the enason's charm to heighten P Ah, your presence lent its magic every traversed spot to hambling with you through the wood-glades, hidden baoties I detected, While each wrinkling rill and placid pool your bonny smile reflected. iy little hero then, and still my loyalty falters never - N, I'11 keep and love the memory of our old.time vows for ever. Resting here within the fragrance and the music of tine mowing, I can pienre you beside me, eyes alight and cheeks a. glowing, Full of eager, boyish question, full of quaint, old-fashioned fancies, Dwelling in your own creation of a land of sweet romaoces. And Iliseu as of old to all your budding aspirations, Iappy.learteod and rejoiced to share your high-souled medita tlions. Ahb, what times we had together, in youth's paradise abiding !- Inthe poesy and truth of life so trustfully confiding. What a wondrous charm we felt in pondering o'er the enchanted pages 0o the grand, soul-stirring epics-legends of heroic ages I And I marked your dark eyes kindling as you listened to the story Of tle virtuous Sir Galahad, his conquest and his glory i And I loved to fancy you a little knight as fair and truth- ful, For you owned a gentle dignity, albeit gay and youthful. Aid your brow was clear and open, and your heart was brave and tender; 0f the wee k you proved a champion, of the right a staunch defender. 01 I wonder if the halo of those days still tlings around you- Childhood's memory vaults are shallow, and but woven moonbeams bound you; Yet because of what it bore us, oh, let naught that in. fluence sever- Keepthe memory as a lovelit path between our hearts for ever. Amy BOEtmIER. 2.-A song I'll sing on Ireland's woes, And give a first as well, So listen to an Irish lass, If only for a spell. Thousands of fish are wasted On Ireland's rocky coast: Why not erect some buildings, And " cure" the finny host. This is iexst than cure-ious, Let it not end in smoke; Care the fish, and cure distress, By one great mighty stroke. Amy DENNT, Belfast. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. lChl:gt the two last letters of a word to form another word In the larrtitlve.) 3,-Jemima Brown was young and fair, Young and fair, young and fair; She'd dark-blue eyes and golden hair, Golden hair, golden hair. Some said the latter she had dyed; To prove their words she'd folks defied, And their assertions soon denied, Soon denied, soon denied. Jemima, oh, I loved so dear, Loved so dear, loved so dear, Though rivals many made me fear, Made me fear, made me fear. And though ta 1 Jones and I had " met" (That gentleman the worst did get), My rivals numbered many yet, Many yet, many yet. Bat still I thought my chance was good, Chance was good, chance was good; And when Jemima said she would, Said she would, said she would Embark with me for Hampton Court, That I was favoured most I thought, And reveoned all my foes as naught, Fees as naught, foes as naught. T"he day arrived-a splendid day, Splendid day, splendid day, But sweet Jemima kept away, Kept away, kept away. I found she went with Smith the meek; I did not see her for a week ; And now, alas I we never speak, Never speak, never speak. J. STocvns, Lambeth. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. 0o the loual letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed int tie narratve.) L-As I jolly cld gent of the old-fashioned school eaid is track of a railroad was walking, idle, " Oinme not goin' ter walk by the road, lIbat there's paths like this 'ere wi' no baulking." eknew that to keep in the "six-feet " was safe, ndt Would bring him to his destination; S] alas though he whistled and merrily sang, vas a most inauspicious occasion. A, t nown to this gent of the old-fashioned school, Ti ent^ress upon him was stealing; erat steed dashed past, and 'twas thought he was or the driver observed him a-reeling. e drier then stopped his great steed, and reversed, d pe. -ack a to the spot above named, Sad to fiud but a horrible corpse, ut "igured, and mangled, and maimed. tinhey found the old gent of the old-fashioned schoo t..anslesh from his face and grey hairs, Oe to the men, " If oive damaged your train, uite ,illii' ter pay for repairs." V. 1). TAYLOR AND J. C. DRENON. . HIDDEN ENGLISH RIVF.RS. -i a pity--Neville will be late; ., ere going to Rodd's ponds to skate. I'n going away, so are the Fells; . teund to visit Tunbridge Wells. Rob rotha n espied me in the tree, Is aw"yrlaughing at me. Tb at rent these rooms at the price you name; sot worth it," said the old dame. F. MontLEr, London.
MIE FA-OMEIGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-Why did you sing so sad, Quoenio, my friend ? Why did you sing that pathetic refrain P Yearning to first a place Foremost in Fame's long race, Deeming your wishes in vain. Fain would we see you glad- hear your sweet laughter bhtld With ours in joy again, Queenie, my friend. Why do you yearn for fame, Queenie, my friend? Do you remember the days that have flown- How, 'neath its final light. Minstrels in armour bright Gave you a radiant crown P Yea, and your honoured name Will live unto the end. Cheer us for aye the same, Queenie, my friend. MAIIso TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 7.--'Tis on a summer's night, And o'er the lonely hill, Where stands the ruined mill, The moon casts down its light ! And going up the hill, Two shadowy forms are seen; The first still shines serene, And everything isstill. And in the moonlight caught, They stop and linger there; And one has got long hair, The other one has short. No one can see, they think, But stars up in the sky That last down from on high, And one is seen to wink. But closer grows the air, And darker looks each tree; The passing moments flee, And still the twain stand there. And now, see, like a shot They bend their heads quite low- Ah me ! I'd like to know What awful crime they plot 1 But, hush I that noise so slight, That echo from the wood I Oh, crimesl by all that's good, They've kissed, and said " Good night." H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formol of the Inltial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 8.-Regal riddler, gentle maiden, Foremost in our " Tourney" band; And your verses, they are laden With all thoughts so good and grand. Regal riddler, gentle maiden, We our loyalty would show ; For the pleasure you have given, May all fortune on you glow. Cross Words. Darwin says first to second is akin, And if you let me have my fling, I'll demonstrate to you, i've reckoned How third are virtues in the second. How nice, upon a winter day, Towards the fourth to take my way I If my fifth to peel you try, It very soon will make you cry. To gather next on an autumn day Went a party bright and gay; Though they departed with such glee, In time for seventh they home must be. Next, you'll find, will come to view A fruit, well known to me and you; Ninth is used for making bread; Of my tenth I have a dread. Eleventh is the name of an English town; In history you'll find it written down. "Final it is," the Editor said; Well, if that's so, I am off to bed. E. HUeT, Kennington. Foundation Words. 9.-Who takes my sirs doth go too far; 'Gainst second passions otten war. Cross Words. Upon this famed mountain's breast, Some weary men did first take rest. Before you, let the sweetest be Of insects, Understand'st thou me? A natural power, whose use was won By ever-famous Stephenson. A restless wanderer, who doth roam, All lacking friends, and love, and home. A passion this of fiery breed, The parent oft to violent deed. To church to please him men do go; But pay him other dues P Oh, no I A natural fruit of human mind; Thus now we are, and shall be, blind. As from this city came a bier, The Conqueror of Death drew near. An epithet-that doth describe The mayor and mayoress, London's pride. A stock of very dangerous sort, Where things are sold before they're bought. W. RuoDIso. Foundation Word. 10.-I was thrilled by the sound of his soul-stirring lyre, When he struck is in praise of our fair English girls; And my young bosom glowed with a touch of his fire When he sang " the rich sunlight of rippling curls.'" I heard him riquest that his own heart's love Would sing to him sweet as she sung of yore, Ere their dear " little girl" was transplanted above, Where the earth's bitter sorrows may ne'er reach her more. Cross Words. In this our little babe is sleeping; With ugly eyes this bird is peeping; This, sculptured, stands in stone or marble; This bird o'erhead doth sweetly warble; This is a metal, rich and shining; - And tlhis is the product of mining; This is the centre of your features, And from your forehead downward reaches. S. Woon. DELETION. IDrOr a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) l.,-My first is often used to tie; Delete, and you'll at once espy Something that's hiked by none of you- Indeed, it's liked by very few. Delete again, you'll see, I'm sure, A word containing letters four; Now. one of those please take away, And then, I think, you all will say The word remaining will display A thing that's seen-yes, every day. If you will once again delete, A preposition yoe will meet; Repeat the process onide again, A personal pronoun will remain. E, LEDoHOLDo
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the siret two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 12.--I the year '81 I fell madly in love With the best of her sex and the pride of Rookhavon; Her eyes were as bright as the planets above, And her hair was as black as the wing of the raven. I was young, for that summer I'd only left school, Though the airs of a man I was proudly assuming, But well did I know such a love could not cool, As I madly my life to her service was dooming. I first saw her one day at the window alone, And my heart wildly throbbed with an ecstatic rapture ; Yet never thought I such a prize I might own, Or that chance would assist me in making a capture. But at length, through a friend, her acquaintance I made, And soon learnt in her presence to find a new pleasure; But a thousand times o'er was my longing repaid When I led from the altar my highly-prized treasure. I have found her since then quite a treasure indeed, Of a nature so meek, so confiding and gentle ; And oft have I seen her, in seasons of need, To the fore with contrivances experimental. She buys goods at the market, at shops and bazaars, Without asking 1he salesman to lessen his prices ; We know not the meaning of " family jars," For each follows the other's most loving advices. No one's wife can be better in all time to come, No woman was better in times that are olden; For know, dearest reader, my charmer is dumb, And believes in observing the silence that's golden. PHILo, Glasgow. METAGRAMlS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 13.-Mirrored in a placid lake, shone a palace fair to see, Whose proud dome and pinnacles rose aloft in majesty; Gleaming 'gainst the sapphire sky, it in matchless beauty shone, Dazzling the beholder's first with a splendour all its own. Its shining walls reflected lay in those waters still and deep, Encompassed by mountains grey, which towered around it wild and steep; 'Twas a palace of delight, methought, this Fairy Queen's domain, And I gazed in wonderment at what I ne'er might see again. 'uong the mountains valleys stretched, clothed in eternal bloom, Where myriad plants of gorgeous second exhaled their rare perfume ; Across that dim enchanted lake storms ne'er burst, nor thunder rolled, Nor lightning ever played about those stately minarets of gold. Seated in the starry hall was the Fairy Queen herself, Looking somewhat pensive fur a merry little elf ; Her blue eyes were suffused with tears, for grim ennui had touched her heart, And in the fairy festivals she took no interest nor part. Seeing this, a learned little fay stepped forth with noise- less tread, And waved a number of Y. F. P. in triumph above his head. "Behold, your majesty I" he cried, " this paper can alone REmove depression and dull enasai, and for all ills atone." JuLtii L. MOUc:GUE. 14.-My friends, you see I'm here again- Have a little patience; I now address the gentlemen- Have a little patience. I wish to offer, sirs, to you Some good advice, though maybe few Will take and act upon it, too- Have a little patience. If a girl your love doth gain, Have a little patience; Ere your feelings you explain, Have a little patience. Pretty maids don't alwa}s show Their real selves to lovers-no I They oft conceal their failings, so Have a little patience. If you prove her good and true, Have a little patience; Find first if her pa may, too, Have a little patience. Next if he doth often lose His temper, and wears full-sized shoes (Say, for instance, twenty-twos), Have a little patience I A. A~StERLEY, DManchester. 15.-Dark was the cavalier, Haughty and proud, Stern was his voice and clear, Boastful and loud; Bragged he of days now flown, First deeds and valour shown, Courage amid the strife, Fighting for life. Next was the winsome maid Listening enthralled ; Sweet were the tears which strayed, By pity called, Hearing the hero state, Marvellous to relate, Strange scenes of ruddy hue He had passed through. Wet was the rustic gate On which he sat, Painted anew of late- What matters that ? But when he tried to rise, Imagine his surprise When up he could not get- P'raps he's there yet I WEE-WEE AND FAIL. 16.-Oh, hark I I hear, with a sickening fear, A piercing shriek in the still first air- A fearful groan of wild despair; And I see as I gaze, in the moon-nexl rays- Weird, horrible third! -grey flitting hosts, A jabbering army of rabid ghosts ! Are they loathsome ghouls that creep From the graves and caverns deep When the world is hushed iz sleep ? Are they devils of the night, Changing guilty souls they bite Each into a yslling sprite ? No; they are cats that last in the road, 'Noisily composing-their Jubilee ode A. J. DocKsoN, Bootle. 17.-A well-known useful aniumal is here- Just use him well, and you have naught to fear; But phould you rashly poke at him some fun, He'll turn, and very quickly make you run. Next is a useful article of dress, Which ev'ry man and boy ought to possess; Some ladies now, I here may briefly state, This kind of garment closely imitate. Round ancient castles third you still may see; And though in warfare now no use 'twould be, In olden times, by history we know, It was a good defence against the foe. C. F. Baasue, Wood Green. BETAGRAM. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another worid.) . 18.-A name for coloured earth please take, Then change the second letter- My second, you will see, is here; I cannot tell you better. W. Lpwrs, Ironville.
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.) 19.-Pensively I sit and muse In the fire's flickering light; Shall I ever take thelead In the "Tournamental" fight P Shall my con., as first of all, Ever hail my gladdened sight ? Shall I ever take the lead In the " Tournamental" fight ? Once I led a column forth That first me a happy wight; But shall I ever leal the charse In the " Tqurnamental" fight? Worthily I see the charge Led by noble last or knight; But shall I e'er lead the van In the " Tournamental" fight ? But one thought absorbs my brain, It comes o'er and o'er to.night- Shall I ever lead the charge In the "Tournamental" fight ? PAIRICK S., Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the Initials. form a word, or word,.) Foundation Words. 20.-For what is cold or desolate the primal letters stand; The finals may be humble cot, or may be palace grand; And both together name a tale that tells a story sad Of a youthful crossing-sweeper-a friendless, homeless lad. Cross 1Words. Who sweeps a room this word should know; Or see it where the foxes go. How many kings have borne this name, Some with honour, and some with shame I When chased by man, and put to flight, This cannot fly, but runs with might. This one on four legs you may view, And, figuratively, on two. This without wings ascends the sky; Again with wings 'tis seen on high. CIfRISTELLA P. CHELIM. NARItATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 21.-I sit in my easy-chair, My fingers pushed up in imy hair: And efforts I make To keep wide awake, And a coi: for " R. T." to prepare. But it seems that I'm not to succeed- My effort's a failure indeed; The chances are small That I write one at all, For I hear a wee voice I must heed- 'Tis the voice of the Sleepiness Sprite, And he whispers it tuoes so polite, '" Your paper you spoil; You burn too much oil- Yon shouldn't write cons. in the night. "'Tis late; and asleep in your bed You should be; in the morning your head Will dreadfully ache, When you sadly awake, And you'll wish then to slumber instead." Jo-KING, Lambeth. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narratlve.) 22.-I've dined with painted savages in regions most re- mote ; I've seen and heard the boarders eat at a German table d'hdte; I've leaped from off of flying trains, and seized, when " on the run," The lignusm vitce sandwich and the patent leather bun. I've fondled, when by impecuniosity accursed, On corners in the dead of night, the fragrant " weiner wurst;" The gastronomic gamut I have run 'mid varied scenes, From Ponlinery to lager beer, from terrapin to beans. In fair New England have I dwelt, to quite dyspeptic feel, Because the doughnut and the pie usurped the morning meal ; In sylvan old London, too, where at the break of day The scrapple and the pepper-box hold undisputed sway. Oh, retrospective vision of some various cuisines, The demon of dyspepsia reigns o'er thy shadowy scenes; Bat they can all be laughed to scorn in Gotham's cosiest nooks, Where his satanic majesty sends neither food nor cooks. S. Sirra, Fulham. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 23.--Ifirst a pretty maiden devotedly and long, And to her fickle lanyship wrote many a doggerel song, And many a " fib " in praising her I sadly tear I've told, For I have oft compared her with gems of purest gold. Her skin was like the lily, her curls werelightest browin, Her friends' most bitter envy in village and in town ; Her lips were like the cherry ; how charming was her pout, When in the merry-making she stood in fear and doubt I My suit (I'd bought a new one) I tirelessly did press ; Her papa bade me sew (sue) on the charms of voice and dress; But she por-suit eluded; another swain by stealth My humble self excluded, and won my next with wealth. I. H. CLEARCHOS AND V. D. TAYLORI. 24.-Pray, my dear Foonoolican, Disclose jirst real nanme, That I may safely put it down On to the scroll of fame. Are you not some dear friend of mine, Under this clever guise ? Hiding thus your identity, Last took me by surprise. Thunder and rain I Can it be true? S'ty, Dorothea Grey, Are you known to Foonoolican As -- ? Well, I will not say. C. D.ENON, London.