RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word tn seccession to form other words.)
1.--Wintry firsts are now departed, Christmastide has had its reign; Thirds and girls feel happy hearted At the thought of spring again. Gallant knights, so young and dashing. Bravely fighting for the day, Gleaming swords are loudly clashing, At my second still are they. So all thoughts of care and sorrow will we gladly put adrift, As we all peruse with pleasure this our glorious Easter gift. Once again our merry party Gathers here with songs of glee, Laughing, talking, gay and hearty, O'er the pretty things we see. None are here who could unheeding Pass the many goodly jokes, Or the useful, pleasant reading Always found within Young Folks. Then we show our thanks united, as our voices gay we lift In triumphant songs of praises for this glorious Easter gift. Tales by well known authors written, Sketches, essays, too, we see; And I'm sure through all Great Britain None could beat our famed " R. T." To the clever illustrations We must also give their due; And a meed of commendations For our worthy poets, too. Let us, ere I make my final, happy, grateful voices lift, Thanking our kind friends in London for this glorious Easter gift. MAnios TAYLoa, Birkenhead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 2.-Hurrah! hurrah I It has come at last, We've looked for it for many days past; And now I really do espy V The lovely pages before me lie. Cross Words. A gain the " Tournament's " at hand. H ow gladsome look the faithful band I A nd much they hope to first your praise-' P roudly to win the riddling bays. P uzzles could surely ne'er be made, Y ou know, without my second's aid; E xceeding odd, at least, they'd be, A nd never solved by you or me. S ambo my third is sometimes named: T hough handsome, he cannot be tamed- E xtremely fierce this dog and strong. e ead carefully the lines along, '1 o ind my next. a useful thing. O ur fifth sometimes we take. Now bring Y our minds upon my last to dwell. O friends, this name you know full well, Unless I'm much mistaken. Now, A few words ere I make my bow: L et smiles and happiness abide, L oved fiiends, with you this Easter-tidel LorrIE W., Brighton. PALINDROME. tA wierd which read backwards or forwards Is still the same.) 3.-Serenely there in the opeu square, Smoking away with a satisfied air, bits the learned Ah-flee-a Inagistrate be, And rules this town of Tse-chow, in Shan-se, A mandarin, as jolly, I ween, As in China, or out of it, can be seen. And far above flies a kite, so high That it seems a speck in the azure sky. This kite, by the way, is no common affair, But broad and strong, fully ten feet long, An eagle-shaped thing, with tail, bill, and wing; And is firmly secured to Ah.Mee's chair. The clock struck twelve as that mandarin, With mien serene, in his silken sheen, Sate in his chair, in the sun's hot glare, Smoking away with a satisfied air. The clock strikes three with resonant stroke, Yet he gazes aloft through a cloud of smoke I The cluck strikes fire, and yet, as before, he its in the square " alone in his glory I" Six ! seven! and eight! He gazes still, Though that volunt kite is obscured from sight, While a mist envelops the neighbouring hill, And a breeze blows chill, and high, and shrill I :ine! ten peals out from the warning clock; The c .air begins wildly to sway and rock I lialf-chime out rings, and a gale up springs, To the swaying chair the mandarin clings. The clock p.srtentously strikes eleven, And that chair, with a rush, flies up towardsheaven I As night flits away, giving place to day. In the house of Ah.Mee there's the deuce to pay. Domestics ruin this way, domestics run that, They open the cupboards, and lift up the mat, They look for their master-he's not to be seen I Oh, where is that ancient mandarin ? Domestics run here, and domestics run there, They sigh, and glance at each other askance ; And some of them weep, ant: some of them swear. 'lhey tl.is in the cellars, they search in the square, The bedrooms, the kitchen-in fact, ev'rywhere, Till one at last looks up in the air. Good gracious ! See ! there is Ahb-Mee in his chair- Far, far on high, a mere mote in the sky, An I but dimly discerned with the naked eye I A crowd of pale "' coolies" gathers around 2'0 gaze on their master-found, but not found 1 Ana they gaze till he quite disappears from sight (They don't for one moment suspect that the kite Is the cause of his plight and miraculous flight). In the archives of famous Tse.chow, in Shan-se, 'Tis writ that Ah.Mee exists to this day ; That he rides in his chair, with much naivetl, And smokes away, contented and gay I While the meteorologists solemnly say That he lives on the cream of the Milky Way e G. TRoy. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostlc. The letters of eross words that are Roman numerals e expressed in figure,.) Foundation Word. Give three hearty cheers as a token of gladness, To show it is welcomed by great and by small; - b~E hus thanking dear Ed., for it banishes sadness, And comes as a boon and a pleasure to all. Cross Words. 1.500 and tresarnan 'Tis a certain Spanish city; 1,000 ,, bear Substance yellow and opaque ; 53 , asa Well known writer (very witty); ],(00 ,, osthon Now a famous poet take; 50 ,, gnee Bere a bird well known to fame is 101 ,, er You a grain in this will see; 101 ,, ruenent Luscious fruit, this charming name is; 151 ,, rmu This a Christian name will be; 1,051 ,, not Please to write for this a poet; 150 ,, terbea Worn upon a lady's hand; 550 ,, nagne 'Tis a country, and you know it; 1,00(0 ,, naro Native of a foreign land. J. A. . MaRsHAiLL. MONLOPHONE. (Words as different meaning, but the same i( soundj 5.-M en and women shriek with terror- Whose is this disastrous error? H ow hath this catastrophe- Answer quickly-thns occurred ? I esolutely, yonder, see I N erve they for the dangerous fray I E ach young fireman works. Who's erred, That from such a first we'd flee P T hat is next such woe to-day ? T. J. VaumNDaRPt, Walworth.
METAGRAIMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-W elcoome I welcomeI riddlers clever I E nter ye the lists to-day; L et misfortune cease for ever, C oncord now shall hold the sway. O nward, then, in future pressing, Mh ay none first the next remain I Ever striving, never ceasing, We at last the goal must gain. E nter now, ne'er third nor slumber ; L et us all march hand in hand. C ome in this fourth Easter Number- O nward, gallant riddling band I M any a long fifth may pass over E re you may meet with success. R eader, time will sure discover I f true talent you possess. 1) o not halt, then, but with spirit D raw r ght onwards to the goal; L est ye sixth no palm of merit, E nter now unto my call. B ally round your banner boldly ; S hrink not from the hottest fray; C owards they who fight but coldly ; L et us hail the battle day. E nter, friends, these riddling pages, V ict'ry shall your efforts crown; E ach good effort wins good wages- B ends our " Tourney" more renown. T. P. DOTrcON. 7.-A castle proudly stood Within a dreary wood, Surrounded by a deep and stagnant moat; And in its walls confined, A lonely maiden pined- To save her did a knight his life devote. He vowed that some day he Would first and set her free, And to this end he lived, and said he'd die; Next setting out one night, Arrayed in armour bright, He very soon the castle gate drew nigh. Eluding ev'ry guard, He gained the castle yard, And quickly found where dwelt his lady fair; But third I last his dismay, A rival blocked the way- Another knight, equipped, was standing there I Their eyes like lightning flashed, Their swords together clashed, For both had come the lady fair to free. Like tigers did they fight (For both maintained their right), Each struggling hard to gain the victory. The first knight slew his foe, Then proudly did he go And ask the hand of her for whom he'd fought. Then clasped her to his breast, And all his love confess'd, And how for years to free her he had sought. WALLIS AND PaRETON, DOUBLE ACROSTICS. Foundation Words. S.-Oh, what a budget of good things before you Lies in the primals and finals to-day I Anud I should think I need hardly implore you To thank the provider without much delay. The capital stories, with pictures adorning, The "Letter-Box" column, the riddling treat, Should move you to joy in the place of dull mourning, And rouse to a sense of enjoyment complete. Cross Words. Oh, dear me! let me see I I am in a dilemma! I don't know, really, though, what to place at the head, Stop a bit I This is it: neither Susan nor Emma, But a name, I proclaim, of a brother instead. Here's a mix! IIn a fix, as you'll see in a minute, I have here, it is clear, not a straightforward word; Now, beware I have a care 1 If you backward begin it, You may read what you need when a rainfall is heard. When at school. 'twas the rule to be honest in labour, Not to take, by muistake, what the next boy had done; Not to shi+-,, ?t to work just as hard as your neighbour; Not to cry, but to try till third's answver was won. It is found to be round, so you'll say when you learn it, And 'tis used, or abused, both for butter and cheese; As 'tis wood, it is good when the fire should burn it, And 'twill hold, hot or cold, any liquid you please. It is time that this rhyme was approaching the finish, Or the Ed. will have said,"'Tis too long to be hereI" Since the dawn, not a yawn caused my task to diminish, But I suppose I must close now the fifth draweth near. May I hope not to mope when this number appeareth ? Shall I see, joyfully, the con. I now write ? If you please do not tense, as success my heart cheereth. E'en if cast in the last, I shall feel great delight. W. KIMPTOr. Foundation Words. 9.-All bail I Thy pleasant pages with delight we ope and read ; Be but good as former numbers, then thou wilt be good indeed. Cross Words. Down sank the glowing sun to dreamy rest, And first her shroud cast o'er the mountain's crest. I can't be sure that I'm c>rrect this time, But second names a god of Afric's clime. The inky clouds to me did next so near, A thunderstorm was brewing-that was clear. Loud howled the wind, the ship flew 'fore the blast; 'Twas vain, for that sea was her fourth at last. 'Twas a stormy fifth, and the road was long, So I trudged th' way, and troll'd a jovial song. The last of wind soon drowned my merry lay, And upon my form the rain began to play. H. F. GRAHAM, Wandsworth. DELETIONS. (DroD a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 10.-The malady's catching, And every one's watching The practice that's done by the crews. " At what is he aiming ?" I hear you exclaiming. "Oh, I know-he refers to the Blues." The papers are glowing With praise of the rowing, The style of the men and their strength. Some say Oxford will win it, Others say they're not in it, And that Cambridge will first them a length. But without hesitation 1'11 give information, And rll next that I'm right in this case. If the Light Blue's defeated (Of my skill I'm conceited) Then Oxford will pull off the race. SPorsooKE, Glasgow. 11.--MIiss Julia Jane Amelia Scraggs Was quite a charming person; She'd auburn hair, without compare, A poet might converse on. Young George Augustus Moses Grimes Was of the male persuasion; He was the don of town, but on His nose he'd an abrasion.
He went to first Miss Julia Jane, And found her father dozing, With one quick glhnce he seized the chance, And did the dread proposing. Her answer came both last and sweet, Like speaking to her brother: "I would not wed with you," she soaid, " If there was not another 1" PaILmw. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a word.) 12.-A word which means to throw or pull, Please for my first put down; Then for my nezt a prefix use- A word, sirs, of renown; Now join the two, and you will see A kind of clothing then 'twill be. J. J. Bazrss, Sheffield.
METAGRAM. 13.-0 ur Editor has his table spread, U p to it now his guests are led; R ound the full board, with hunger keen, E ach comes, and the rich fare is seen. A table with Easter firsts o'erflows, 8 till the flood of blessing grows. ? T o him great thanks we all must owe; E ach season, from spring to winter's snow, R olls on, and striving to please us eich, N ever his heart will cease to reach U pwards to seek some fresh delight, M ore glowing charms, and still more bright. B oth lasts and girls, I call you now E ach by your helping hand to show B ight love to him who treats us so. A. E. Hoo~ma. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14,-Once more I come to chill you, Riddlers, poets, bards-whichever you Prefer. I've waited till you First yourself secure. "It's never you 1" You shout, with growing ire, Then gaze upon me viciously, Remarking, " What a bore I When we fancied that no more We should hear his awful lyre." But I've caught you unsuspiciousiy Engaged, and so, maliciously, Capriciously, perniciously, And also inauspiciously, I sing, but quite deliciously The notes fall on my ear, With a cadent soft and clear. Yes; once again I've entered, Next I am no acquisition he.e ; But all my hopes are centred Upon gaining a position here. So you'll protest in vain. For the hopes I ever cherish, And my highest aspiration, Like my firm determination, Is to win it, or to perish, Or, perchance, to-try again I I'll call again to madden You, 0 members of the " Tournament," For D. G. H. can't gladden With his rhymes, which to adorn are meant The riddle columns here; But how far short of the mark Do they fall is very clear, And his dim poetic spark Is glimmering; But he will sing Again before he's finished, Ed. But ending now, He makes his bow, Then hides his quite " diminished hena." D. G. HOLMES. 15.-A last sat crouching o'er his fire so small, The very picture of first looked he there, With haggard cheeks, and eyes with vacant stare; Soon in uneasy slumber he did fall, And dream'd that he was bending o'er his gold, When, ere to count it he had yet begun, 'Twas snatched away-so quickly, too,'twas done I The old man woke in perspiration cold, And rushed with frantic haste to where 'twas kept. 'Twas gone I The poor wretch, sending forth a yell, Wild and heartrending, backwards heav'ly fell, Never to rise-the sleep of Death he sleptL ! ARCHERn 13., entLi h TUwn. MONOPHONES. 16.-Young William was my first, 'tis said, A workman of renown; And to fair Mary love he made, Who dwelt in the same town. But she was coy, and said him " Nay," It grieved his faithful heart; At last " adieu" he bid one day, Resolving they should part. Then on his loving words she dwelt, His kind and gentle ways ; And, oh I how lone and sad she felt For many, many days I She cried, in anguish, " Had I known My love for him before, 'Twould have been second it to own. I'll do so now, I'm sure." " Where there's a will there is a way" (This to her mind occurred). She lost no time, but on that day Determined to my third. Then William came-all was explained- Asked her to be his bride; She gave consent, with joy unfeigned, To him, her hope, her pride. Then to the altar William led His Mary there at last; My fourth performed, and they were wed, All doubt and sorrow past. The way in which this story ends Will the old adage prove: "The falling out of faithful friends Renewal is of love." Lucy MULLEN, Pockham. 17.-Merrily peal the bells As the sledges speed o'er the frozen snow, And talk and laughter gaily flow, While the bracing air, as the breezes blow. Daluess and gloom dispels. Mournfully toll the knells Of a thousand creatures through the land, Who winter's terrors can't withstand, And grim Death, next with a ruthless hand, Joy and contentment quells. Ay BOERtuER, Shorncliffeo DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another rord.) 18.-A man named Breen, of Kensal Greej, Was sadly mad on punning, And as he walked he often talked, And sometimes did when runniig. One stormy night he walked upright, And well did keep his feet, sir; A piece of peel got 'neath his heel, And floored him in first street, sir. Last raved, nert swore, his hair he tore, His words were rather rough, and He gained his feet-an awkward feat- Then calmly took some snnff, and A boy came by, and cried, "Oh, my I You silly-headed fiat, you I" Said Breen, "Be off, and don't you scoff, Or I'll throw something--atchoo " J. G. Bnoo0rIELt.. 19.-Oh, the rain came down in showers, And I thought of my poor flowers Out in all the driving, drenching ran ; But the sun first, brightly beaming, "':. And my lovely nexts were gleaming . And glistening in his radiant light again. CaInics OUi r. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form anothex word.) 20,-I saw him on that fateful night, He like a hero bore him;
But first foes stood before him. I watched next there undaunted stand Before that creeping, cow'ring band; No fear, 'twas plain, crept o'er him. He glared around, and crouching low, Hissed out defiance to the foe1 I saw my neighbour, Mr. Brown, Creep out into that garden; His features hideous with a frown, As hate can only harden. As he (I mean my hero) stood Undaunted 'fore that cat-like brood, I saw Brown take a chunk of wood- Such malice who would pardon ? He heaved the chunk straight at the head Of him, my cat, who, unscathed, fled, Whilst I, yours truly, sought my bed. Pnzxcx 2Eazss, Wandswortli.
CENTRAL ADDITION. (Add a letter to the centre of a word to make another,) 21.-Sat I dreaming, idly dreaming, In the firelight's ruddy glow, And the blazes, brightly gleaming, Made the shadows come and go O'er the gaily.tinted carpet; O'er the pictures one and all ; O'er the ivory.keyed piano, As it stood against the wall. Gazing in the glowing embers, Moulding forms and faces there, Sat I, on that autumn evening, Building castles in the air. Soon a spell seemed gath'ring o'er me, And across the window.pane Came a hundred thousand voices In a grand exultant strain, And I saw a lovely maiden, Clad in robes of spotless white, Stand before me, while around her Shone a gleaming, brilliant light. While her voice like sweetest music Fell upon my listening ear, As she whispered, " Will you follow? Trust me, stranger. Do not fear I" By a strange impulse I followed Through a dimly.lighted hall, Where huge statues in rotation Stood against the marble wall. To a flight of firsts she led me- Firsts unnumbered, next and white, Whispering, " Persevere, O stranger, For the star of hope shines bright I Struggle onward, forward, upward, Though the task be very hard, Till you reach your destination, And obtain a full reward." And I, drooping, clambered slowly- Clambered slowly, one by one, Up the firsts so next and narrow Till my weary task was done. Then I saw a door before me Made of priceless gems untold, And the letters, F A M E Ou it shone like flames of gold. And I watched it slowly open- Opened by an unseen hand- And within the mystic chamber Stood strong members of our band. Dauntless knights, in shining armour, Ladies fair, in robes of gold, Grouped together, made a picture Grand and lovely to behold. And methougbt our good Queen Nellie Took me kindly by the hand, Bidding me, with loving greeting, Welcome to this happy band. While I, dazzled by the future, Vainly tried my thanks to show, To my horror saw the vision Slowly from before me go. Oh, the sorrow at the waking- Sorrow for the vision flown; And to think my great ambition Had been gained by dreams alone I Oft since then at dusky evening, When my daily tasks are o'er, Sit I thinking of, and wishing For, the dream to come once more. Though it filled my heart with lotugit g, Though the waking proved but pain, I would face all disappointments Could I dream that dream again. MARION TAYLoR, Birkenhead. DECAPITATION. 22.-On the night's dark brow shines the silv'ry moon, And Hesperus rules the grove, And Philomel sings, through the night of June, Her song of forsaken love. Ev'ry bird of air, save a favoured few Who sail on the night's dark breast, Has flown to its home in the oak or yew, And lies in its downy nest. Now departed all are the sounds and sights That Nature at noonday showed, And gone are the elves, and the says, and sprites To first flower.bell abode. And the mortals, who, in the noonday sun, Worked hard 'mid the rip'ning sheaves, Are wrapped, now that toil for the day is done, In dreams that the sleep.god weaves. For Peace, the fay who comes ne'er at day, Holds every heart in thrall; Earth and heav'n their homage at her throne pay, While she reigns queen of all I Ah, each man is next at an hour like this To glad raptures without alloy, And feels for a time all the sweet, sweet bliss That gladdens the realms of joy I J. P. HARRINeoTo. HISTORICAL MENTAL PICTURE. 23.-I slept and dream'd, and thus it was I dream'd: All London sleeps-the just and unjust both In deep oblivion hide their joy or wroth; The dreary streets in solemn stillness seem To share the general sleep and general dream. Looms now and then a sleepy watchman's light, Whose rays but seem to show the inky night ; So calm all seems, you'd think that sin would ne'er Come with its presence to contamn' the air. A gloomy fortress near a river's brink, Compared with it all other buildings shrink To insignificance; its walls with age Are fast decaying; here Time's open page Is seen. Years, years, yen, centuries have pass'd Since rose this structure, grimly gaunt and vast. I still dream on, and see in my deep sleep The inside of the fortress. Winding, steep, A narrow staircase runs snake.like the length Of a huge turret, massive in its strength; And as I watch I see two men appear, And slowly climb the staircase. Soon they near A sleeping-room; silent they ope the door, And, ghost-like, move along the polished floor. I see within the chamber, 'gainst the wall, A bed with draperies drap'd, like as a pall; And on the bed two youthful forms I see- Say, What can be their hapless destiny ? Whence come these men, with scowling brows at night, And taint the chamber of these princes bright P And now I see the men advance, and lo I They do the deed-the deed of horrid woe. Those forms so fair a minute past, now rest In Death's oblivion. P'r'aps 'tis for the best, For crowns are stormy things, and death achieves A victory, inasmuch as it relieves. AGRnIPPA. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 24.-Look in a dining-room, and there My first is found; Its shape is very often square, And sometimes round. The centre take away quite clean, And it will give What in Young Folks you've often seen- A narrative. F. T. RIDLnLT CONUNDRUM. 25.-A little puzzle I'll propound, To solve it, riddlers, try; Just say, sirs, why a gunsmith's shop Is like a chicken pie ? S. W. HATES, Worcester.