RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAM.
l.--rm dying, Drummer Jack, my boy. How is it I'm so calm P The thought of death once filled me with a terrible alarm. I seem so quiet in my mind ; but for this burning pain, I would not wish to first again-to tread the battle plain. "A soldier's death," you murmur, Jack. Ay, 'tis a soldier's death I Poor boy, the comfort's very small to one with dying breath. "The battle.field a noble bed !" Yea, noble it may be To those who read the papers, Jack, across the deep blue sea l Well, lad, you know I'm going. There, I'll not condemn your tears; A drummer boy's but human, Jack, and can't repress those fears. Yet hold my hand within your own, so, when Ipass away, The drummer boy's brave spirit shall say farewell by the way. Just breathe a tiny prayer, will you, above my body here. I've tried to do what's right, I have, this three and forty year. I'm but a private soldier, Jack; yet I am just as great As our own captain, so they say, when Death calls for his rate. Well, good-bye, Drummer Jack; my dying second goes with thee. In this wide battle-field a larger heart can never be. When Bob is underground, you'll play a tattoo on your drum, Won't you, Jack? Oh, Jack, 'tis dark! I comel I come1 I come! UN Qu PENSE. TRANSPOSITION. 2.-Good Mrs. Muggs is in her first, And all the coca~ry folk Oft come to buy, while yon and I Mtay hear them laugh and joke. One customer requires some cheese- " Not more than half a pound;" And she " Would like to taste it, please"- When very uice'tis found. This honest dame, I've just heard say, Would like a little tea; She has been picking last all day, And tired enough is she. LOrrIE W., Brighton. CHIARADE. 3.--ly first is a servant of second; A most useful servant it's reckoned. But, it it gets loose, it loses its use, And causes alarm and dismay. The i total comes forth, all unfearing, And soon is the first disappearing. Then first once again bows down to the chain Of second's all-powerful sway. F. W. BINSTEAD, DECAPITATION. 4.-Sir Ohbledon Ogwobbledon de Funkey (A name in ancient history justly famed; As playful as an Ocusn-Pornus monkey), By whom the hand of Phoppiwopps was claimed, Set forth one day, his squires all commauding- Sir Jones, Sir Smith, and Lord High Sheriff Brown (All unames of-well, a munch more modern standing)- And left with this escort his native town. He'd pledged his second Phoppiwopps to rescue, Meaning of course to do so, or to die. Her father said, " Go forth, my boy. I bless youl" And forth he went 'mid many a joyful cry. He armed himself with weapons, this young joker, A helmet (much too large) placed on his head. Pea.shooter, and a trusty kitchen poker, " Would answer well for them," the squires said. At last they reached their awful destination, And sought the palace of the offending king; Each faithful squire, remembering his station, Turned round and fled-a very proper thing. " King Krooppl" De Funkey yelled, and blew his trum- pet. " Deliver up fair Phoppiwopps, or die I" The king, in thought, then scratched his curly crumpet, And answered, with the following warning cry, " What, murder me, and carry off my bride 1 To do so, sin you'd." But What's.his-name pulled out his first, and cried- (To be continued.) MIELANCIcOLY IHARRr. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fousndatiol WYords. 5.-Primals, accept this little con.; Think well, oh, think, its merits on, And it with care review I And when I visit finals, p'r'aps I'll bring, amongst my other traps, A present nice for you. Cross Words. This first cross word, you'll find, will be Inhabitant of stream or sea. For next you will most surely gain A western river of fair Spain. A metal dug for underground; In England it is largely found. This will a vessel be, I'm thinking, That's greatly used when beer you're drinking. In 'Merica this state you'll see; Of letters it has more than three. The sceptre of the kitchen queen In this last cross word will be seen. AGRIPPA. CENTRAL DELETION. 6.-A foreign lineal measure In primal you will view; But take its centre out, and 'tis A garment. Now adieu. Mi. GERAN, Fermoy. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 7.-Amongst the glories of the earth, A grander sight's ne'er seen Than primals rising from the east, In purple, gold, and green. Cross Words. An English county town's my first; A colour next will be; For third now plase a unit take, But not the unit three. HoRATIa., DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 8.-Hark ! the distant boom of thunders crashing I See the lurid lightning's vivid flashing I Angry seas in fury fiercely lashing, Ships at sea. Weird the scne. Anon, the lightning playing. Licks the barque whereon the strong men praying To a higher Power their peril staying; Primals see. Shed your glorious ray, a grandeur lending, Placid Luna. With a smile unbending, Mockingly ye gaze, as onward wending O'er the lea. All around sweet peace the moments sleeping, Save a silent vigil love's watch keeping. Hushed the storm; no need for fears or weeping- Finals see. Cross Words. 1,000 and pop Ostentation here you see, Vain parade sustaining; 90 ,, eseu Exculpation, pardon, pclea, Yet the fault retaining; 51 ,, anger Incidental to a throne, Royalty partaking; 1,503 ,, ctao Benefical this, we own- Changed, but ne'er forsaking; 5 ,, oe Admiration, when you in- Tend to follow blindly; PMy advice is genuine- 'l11 directyou kindly. L. HaraLTOa,
ACROSTICAL RHY:ME PUZZLE. 9.-F or your very good con, many thanks, clever com. ]pnion; J nst the thing all our friends to please them. U ucoumuon it is from the first to the last; L ike all yours, 'tis an excellent article. I rememiber, right gladly, another good mark- A n " Acrostic on Finals" 'twas called. N o, ue'er I'll !orget the exquisite clearneas, C oy Croger, that in the lines sp7arlled ! R ight clever, indeed, are your ballads and songs; O ft and oft I have heard them sung prettily. G ay is your music, so every one declares; E ai'h heart you make light as a merry young jfiry's. R est assured you delight us alsogethier H. C. 'siuciE, Southwark. METAGRAM. 10.-Oft, in the silence of the night, W\heu all are wrapt in slumber deep, I, heeling not time's rapid flight, Go forth, beneath the pale moonlight, To keep MIy weary vigil o'er the grassy grave, In which, asleep, Lies she to whom my heart I gladly gave In those sweet days of yore, when she and I Oft stood beneath this same bright, pallid moon, Unthinking in our love that all too soon Dark clouds of sorrow o'er life's sunny sky Were gathering fast, black as a funeral pail, And would ere long like sable curtains fall A nd first the sun. For death-that ernel thief- Robbed me of her, the only lower that grew By the wayside of my life's rough road; And no one knows, and no one ever kneow, How from thalt hour my life became a load Of unreprievtd grief, Too heaie far for me to bear. And stil itfe's next doth swiftly onward roll, And still I weep beneath this weight of care; For death-ny, only death can give relief Unto my weary soul. A. ST. J. ADCOCg. CENTRAL DELETION. 11,-Oh, last head is very heavy ! Sadly aching is last heart, For the bailiff's put a levy On last goods, and in a cart Took them to an auction mart. And upon this bright first morning I am weary, sick, and sad. Naught 1 care for earth's adorning; Niaught can make my sad heart glad. Don't you think it is too bad? What a change has now come o'er me I All last grief has quickly gone; Horrid dreams no more do bore me. Let me add, ere I have done, Hearty suppers I will shun. T. STonr.. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. Foundaltion Word. 12.-Please find my cross words, and their centrals take, A famed seaside resort my whole will make. Now (at my courage, Mr. Ed., don't grumble), I'll beg a "lead" for this my con. so humble Cross Words. An adverb of time will the foremost be; Read either way 'tis the same, you'll see. The second's a part of our human frame; NRead either way, it is still the same. Third will obey the same rule, you'll find; The name of a'lady 'twill bring to mind. And if all those obstacles safely you've passed, A river in England you'll find is last. DIANA R. O'D. MONOPHONES. 13.-Sir Bralligan Bunks donned his suit of first, While his foes in his noble way be ours'd, And he vowed, " I'll defeat, And cut in mincemeat, All knights who to meet me now durst-now durst I" A conceited second, of course, was he (As some ladies assert us all to be), But without his host, When he made that boast, He found he had reckoned, you'll see-you'll see. That day, in the very first " gentle" tilt, Sir Bunks most ingloriously was "spilt," And when fighting on foot, His opponent, to boot, Ran him through up to the sword's hilt-sword's hilt I Louis QUATonRg. 14.-" Thou never wilt get it for half a crown less; No, not it thou wait'st half a year." So spake an old farmer unto a young first, Who thought that the beast was too dear, And wished the old scrub would abate half a crown For the cow in his second, with never a frown. BLucuER, Dumfries. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 15.-Here's a cheer for the man who is loyal and true, Who would fight to the death for the "red, white, and blue," Who would stick to his flag like the wood to the glue- Hip, hip, hip, hurrah I Here's a cheer for the man who a friend is, indeed, Who would aid and assist us should ever we need; Who constantly tries, and at last does succeed- Hip, hip, hip, hurrah I Here's a cheer for the lass who is tender of heart, And a cheer for the boy who can take his own part, And a cheer for them both, if they're active and smart- Hip, hip, hip, hurrah ! Here's a cheer for the lad who is fearless and brave, Who is civil to all, and knows how to behave, Who is willing to work, but will ne'er be a slave- Hip, hip, hip, hurrah I STonRa AND DE BEAK. ROTATION CHANGE. 16.-The Young Folks does always afford me great pleasure, Its pages with zest I peruse in my leisure; Its mental first, really, is so entertaining, Each reader amusement from it should be gaining. The puzzles in "Tournament" oft I'm admiring, And to gain renown as a riddler aspiring. ho in this short con. I now next to address you, And hope that my efforts to please won't distress you. I oft write a con. which I think very witty, And if 'tis declined, I exclaim, " What a pity I" As a misfortune third the event I regard, sirs, And think that the Editor treats me too hard, sirs. With my conusin Fred I did fourth yesterday, sirs, And to one another we chatted away, sirs. The evening we spent in a manner quite jolly, And never a thought gave to dull melancholy. And then. ere we parted, sirs, I took occasion To show him Young Folks, and, by last of persuasion, Induced him to read it. He said it was splendid. But here I must stop, for my puzzle is ended. S. W. HAYEs, Worcester REVERSION. 17.-A kind of letter first will be; Now please reverse the same, And you will see an English town; Its school is known to fame. F. J. Cox. DECAPITATION. 18.-When I gi out, the small boys shout, " Jirm, 'ere's a long 'un. Oh, my eye !" lMly first is great, and I may state I'm very nearly last feet high. VENTO.