RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ
i.- I e merry band of riddlers, First earth's great Festal Day A stranger seeks to join you, And sing with you a lay Of wondering joy and gladness, In joyous strain and clear, For Heaven's eternal blessing Vouchsafed to mortals here. All Nature seems reviving To render homage low; Her wintry garb is glittering Next fairy wreaths of snow. The robins sing their praises In warblings sweet and long; And heaven and earth are joining In one triumphant song. For Christmas joy is spreading Sweet influence all around; From turret, dome, and cottage Is heard the gladsome sound That, from the angels wasted, Upon the Christmas wind: To God be highest glory, Goodwill to all mankind. SPERANZA, Bethual Green, 2.-The earth looked dull, and damp, and brown, The trees, bereft of their summer charms, Waved despairingly up and down Their gaunt and naked giant arms. O'er field and mead, o'er dale and hill, A heavy, brooding dulness lay; The robin's flute had ceased to trill, Yet the primal was Christmas Day. Came silent Snow with gentle hand, And changed the scene ere morning's light; The fields, the trees, at her command, Were clad in virgin robes of white. And bluff King Frost had daint'ly flung Filmy tracings everywhere; And glitt'ring, pearly pendants hung From gladdened branches, erstwhile bare. High in a pearl-bedecked tree A robin carolled loud and long- Poured forth a joyous melody- A welcoming and gladsome song. And thus it was when Christmas came, The earth in smiling beauty lay, With naught of final, sin, or shame In view to taint that holy day i J. Warr, BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-" Ting-a.ring-a-ring " Comes from each mysterious wing; And the curtain, slowly rising, brings to view Such a bright and charming sight, That we scream with wild delight, And with loud applause greet everything they do. Fairies by the score, And grim demons, three or four, All mixed up in bright confusion there we see; And the lovely fairy queen Brightens each succeeding scene With her first, and wand, and robes so light and free, There's the hero dfow, And each little maid will vow That no nicer man was ever, ever born; While each boy of.blind sixteen Loves the bright-eyed heroine, And becomes at length dejected and forlorn, Now, with whoop and bound, Cownes the last, for mirth renowned, And the tricks he plays amuse full many a one. But the end soon comes, agd we All feel sorry, you'll agree, When the curtain drops-the pantomime is done. IilLto. CENTRAL ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the central letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 4.-J oily old folks, and gay young folks, O nce more 'tis glorious Christmas Day; Yuletide has come, so crack-your jokes- T rill sweetly now each merry lay, O r read the cheerful total through, A nd strive to solve the puzzles there. V * ,* * * L ong live the riddling band so true; L ong may they Christmas greetings share! Cross Words. Worn oft on your hand"; While second is planned To puzzle the solvers, I'm told; Third beams from each eye When laughter is nigh; Like fourths, they're. far better than gold. Now this will denote A beast of much note, -In Africa's hot deserts'foina; For'nefetyou must choose The darkesk.of hues; Sweet seventh indeed iý but sound., 'Tis frozen beneath The icy ninth's wreath. To fairer climes tenth has departed; Guess here a bright red; Then twelfth which, 'tis said, Makes young folks both pleased and light-hearted. O'Br next tho.windd blow- Its name you must know, For there's ivhere'the wild wives are deep. I'll tell- Why, how still! Is this my great skill ? Finals shut, and my solvers asleep ! AGONISTES. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word ti the narrative.) 5.-We are a jolly riddling band- A jolly band are we, That still keep toiling hand in hand In changeless harmony. No voice: discordat,mairs'the 'straiu Of our inspiring song, That praises Houour's trusty train, Till deeply blushes Wrong. When last King Christmas ivore hs crown, In happy, tuneful rhyme Each noted well his music down To greet the festive time. And joyance sprang from every heart Which bor4 the.fruits of love,. That.strengtheue stilithe sourls desert To laii i. abos.ve. t... Now once, again omr voices swellyF, As ddBii the sdcred morn, To sing of he train.s~ adent siell' To meiiorih byitborfi :' ' : And ring out fromt1ie glad refrain The unrgetpeals of peace, To plead that heartsmray b]ttQconsotrti ' B" con'obrd''bfet ncrease .. . -' , . :T; Ni74IStlDu~e~~ lfejfolieY
t DUAGRAM, (Changheth first two letters of a word to form another word.) 6.--Christmas bolls are floating round me, In a cadence low and sweet; Fancy in a spell has bound me, Making dreamland more complete; Vi-ions rise on every hand Of our joyful, riddling band- Of the merriment and madness We have had throughout the year; Of the last's dispersing sadness Snng in voices sweet and clear. And I listen to the pealing-- Sweetest music ever heard; lEvery chime.is sorrow-h.bealing, Every chord a kindly word. First, oh, bells, a mighty chorus, Echoing far your voices blend, While the spell is floating o'er us, Bear the greetings I would send To the knights and maids who stand in our joyful riddling band. MARION L. TATLOI, B3ikenhead. DECAP ITATION S. (Dr7p the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.-The season of jollity, Mirth, and frivolity, Goodwill, and gladness, is with us again; The nose of hue cardinal (Theme of the bard in all Humorous ditties) illumes the dark plain. The pudding's rotundity Gives the jocundity Of a good number a chance, I'll be bound; When there's a tremendous one (Will some one send us one ?), Dozens of jokists will surely be found, Who ought to know better, too, Adding a letter to Call it a plump pudding-horrible pun ! Yet this he obliterates When that poor wit orates Thus: " When the turkey is browned, is it dun ?" Yes, Christmas is here again ; All the good cheer again Brightens the windows of tradesmen galore : First-berried holly.boughs, Mistletoe (jolly boughs, Very suggestive of sweetness in store); Pigs fat abnormally Ticketed formally, "Won the first prize at Smithfield Cattle Sho w." (Jones, with impunity, Takes opportunity, Saying, " This (s)wine is .fldl-bodied, I know.") Toys straight from fairyland- Mystical airy land !- Groceries tempting on every side- Yes, there's no doubt of it. Sorrow, get out of it ! Father C.'s presence is felt far and wide. All folks are genial: Master and menial, Mistress and maid, people tiny and tall, Lordlings superior, Groundlings inferior : "Wish you a next merry Christmas " aEy all. That is my sentiment- In it there's plenty meant; I speak the wish with a feeling sincere. May you all, verily, Spend the time merr ily. Never forgetting our Editor dear. Season of jollity, Mirth,' and frivolity, Goodwill and gladness, what pleasure you bring! Wherever we maybe (On stormy sea, maybe), Fond recollections will e'er to you cling. BARNETT DE BEAR. 8.-Christ mas first come, hurrah ! hurrah I! With his hoary, frost-hbound head, Bringing once more the Yule-log's blaze And bhe dancers' merry tread. The glasses gleam on the sparkling board, The halls with laughter ring, And the ruby juice of the grape is poured, To toast the Christmas king. The Christmas tree once more is seen, Decked out so bright and gay; And the mistletoe bough hangs up on high In the old, time.honoured way. And Christmas Cards, with books and toys, Doth this festive season bring; And the Young Folks Double Number comes With the j6lly Christmas king. He joins the friends that were parted long, In his time of right good cheer, And unites the heart of the absent one To those whom it holds most dear. "Peace and goodwill to alL mankind" Is the song the People sing, 1'ext the chiming bell in the old church tower Doth welcome the Christmas king. DEiDARkCHES. 9.-I went a merryfirst to have With my dear friend Miss Tate; But coming to her house, alas ! I found that I was late. For she was out on shopping bent, And I must go away, The maid politely said to me, And call some other day. And when again on her I called, She'd got a next, 'tis true- A -very brillihnt-looking thing Of a most gaudy hue. It was not yellow, browns or white- 'Twas glaring, dazzling green, And seemed to me the queerest thing That ever I had seen. Again we met-'twas at Bell's shop, And though her next looked funny, I soon forgot its aspect strange Beneath her smiles so sunny. " Pray, Mary, dearest girl," she cried, " Have you put up your holly P We've made our house a lovely sight, Between myself and Dolly. But there's the carriage last the door- I've stayed too long, I fear; Good-bye, good-bye pour le present- A merry Christmas, dear.'" HELENA T. DENNY, ROsEcre. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. D·'op the fnalu letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed 0 'r - in the narrantive.) 10.-A very brimrht Chvitmaa ni hns, ,,, Vc -
I wish to all knights of the "-Tournament" dear; Long may they all live to contribute to "T." The cons. that have caused it so famous to be. And within all their minds.this resolve may they'fix: To desert not the "T." in the year '83. A very bright Christmas and happy New Year I wish to the ladies (who shouted " ear, hear " ?) ; At this festive time may they themselves enjoy, And may nothing their merriment tend to destroy. And to them I would also this message convey : Don't let your pens lie for the sake of a lay." A very bright.Christmas and.happy New Year I trust will the heart of nur Editor cheer. For long`nmay he reign o'er "Olympic" and "T.," And to steer bravely onward the ship Y.F.P. And, iun fct, unito cvdryone may there appear A very bright Cbristmias amd hapyiy New Yo::r. T. -orstox, Sheilield.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Chango the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed lanthe narrative.) 11.-Now the Monarch of 'December, Whose bright face.we all remember, Comes, bearing mirth and pleasure in his train, iny friends, And, while Christmas bells are ringing, And the good news broadcast flinging, We'll we come him again; with joyous strain, my friends, And glad refrain, we'll welcome him again ! Let us greet this festive season With the usual "Feast of Reason," And the customary genial " Flow of Soul," my friends ! So, in weather fair or murky, Here's to European Turkey And roast beef I we'll pledge them in a brimming bowl, my friends- A flowing, and a glowing, merry bowl! Come, with eyes all beaming brightly. Lads and lasses, "foot it lightly;" But ere we trip the " light fantastic toe," my friends, A toast you'll encore this is: Here's to all the pretty misses, For the blisses and the kisses they bestow, my friends- For the graces that their faces, smiling, show ! Then in " Blind man's buff" we'll revel; Young and old to-night are level, And for once we've all forgotten time and tide, my friends. Where the roadway in the distance With the hoar-frost brightly glistens, Now we'll journey, there to sport upon a slide, my friends, And gracefully sit down upon a slide ! Back again beside the fire Where the Yule-log blazes higher; Don't be surprised at those resounding knocks, my friends, For the butcher and the baker Have but called to say they'll take a Slight memento of the day-a Christmas.box, my friends, And the tax-collector wants a Christmas-box ! Christmas nuts, and Christmas crackers (What though biliousness should rack us To-morrow, we'll enjoy ourselves to-day, my friends), Christmas pudding, pies, and tartlets B ing rejoicing to each heart; let's, Therefore, try our tastes and talents in this way, my friends, And to supper we'll proceed to lead the way, Once again, in mirth and pleasure Let us raise a brimming measure, Hurrah, for all the dear ones gathered here, my friends ! And another bumper hearty To the founder of our party I And to one and all the best of Christmas cheer, my friends, And to one and all a prosperous New Year. F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 12.-Within the old hall all are happy and gay, Enjoying a glad Christmas Eve; All dull throughts of sadness each guest casts away- 'Tis no time to sorrow or grieve. The laurel and ivy adorn the old hall, The holly's red berries smile down; And pictured at intervals on the oak wall Are ancestors of great renown. The old hall resounds with the music's sweet strain, The sweet, silv'ry laugh is hear d, too; And often some jovial, Christmas refrain Re-echoes the old mansion through. The young folks are dancing, the children form "rings ;" The elder folks smile at the scene Bright mem'ries so pleasantly back to them brings Of days when they young folks have been. And, oh, shall I tell of the kisses galore Exchanged 'neath the mistletoe bough ? Ah, no! such sweet scenes it is best to ignore- They're private, I.think you'll allow. At no other season than jovial Yuletide Such bright, happy scenes we may see; Then echo the wish, merry friends, far and wide, That Christmas rmay thus ever be. A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 13.-A gain, across that distant, snow-clad height, 'M idst heaven's high arch uplifting its ho.r head, E xhilarating breezes, in their fight, R e-echoing firsts from ivied minuter spread, R ising and falling in a rhythmic flow. " Y uletide," they sing, "is with us once again, Casit from your hearts what little care they know ; H aste to be happy" is their sweet refrain. R ound well-filled board, that'neath its burden bends, I mpulsive youth and chattering infancy, S erene old age, with troops of genial friends, T heir gladsome faces wreathed with smiles, we see. MI any the jokes that circle round and round, A nd many the shouts of laughter that resound S o heartily beneath the old roof-tree. T he happiest, joyfullest, cheerfullest, merriest time O f all the long, eventful years now here ; A nd, once again, does every land and clime L ova, oh, so much, to hold this feast so dear; L et us, then, all exclaim the words, until Young folks and old join in the gladsome cry O f, "Peace on earth, and blessed great goodwill U nto all men," both now, and by-and-bye. N e'er yet, in years that have now joined the past, G reeted we one another with such zest; F lashed are the faces that erstwhile were last O f mankind breathing wishes of the best. TI et us then hold our Christmas as most dcear Kind thoughts should fill our hearts, as the old year S inks slowly into its eternal rest. S. FRANKLIN AND G. IH. PnERRY. ACROSTIC. (Awrdordo words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Worcd. 14.-With ice and snow bedecked, the winter hoar Descends upon us; but rejoice I he brings, Borne speedily hpon his frosty wings, A welcome visitant., Complain no more, But joyonsly salute with heart and soul The happiest season of the year-my whole,. GCross toreds.
Sr IS LUU Sptul5g UL 1i; rteauer, .L LrOW That thou dost hold this blessing even now. I had a second once, and if kind fate HIIs given you one, no doubt you feel elate. For filthy third risk not your happiness; For without honesty it ne'er can bless. A.female's name; 'tis worn by one whose muse Does often o'er these pages light diffuse. Load now the Christmas sith with toys galore, And weigh the branches down till they can bear no more. With wreaths of sixth the picture frames adorn, And thus prepare to welcome Christmas morn. A common Christian name-a man's; 'tis worn By one whose cons, these pages oft adorn. L'ast is as good as any feast, folks say; Therefore I beg to wish you dllgop4 day, PaTIomE S,
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. [The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 15.-May you be finals of printals enjoying, Happiness, merriment, friendship, and health, Free from all troublesome worries annoying, Itich with the truest and purest of wealth. May cheeriest finale be yours. I pray, Friends of the "Tourney," on primals blest day ! Cross Words. A gain we meet at Christmas " Tourney," and once more V lew the gay scene-the crowded, happy party. E ach riddler tried and true has oftentimes before R egaled us with his songs and carols hearty. Y ou will make room for me, dear friends, and for my con. H ow nice it is to see you gathered here ! A puzzle first each riddler quickly must put on. P repare we now to next King Christmas dear. P leasant the season; and though thirds of summertime Y on may not gather, yet how fair and white C one those of winter See, amid the frost and rime, H ow gaily gleam the holly.berries bright! Silugs loud and sweet the sound of sleigh bells merrily : I hear them coming nearer-now they pass- S ome children in the sleigh; their voices cheerily T hrough the keen air Lhear. This little lass HI uch pleased with Christmas pudding is, and next, I know: A bout her nothing else I e'er have heard. S he's somewhat greedy ? Yes, I'm shocked to toll you so., A nd on her, therefore, will not waste a word. New friends have joined our ranks to-day, I see with joy: D elight we much to give them welcome greeting; A nd so the time with song and jest we will employ- G ood wishes unto all at this gay meeting. L ook now with favour on our cons., dear Editor, A nd let us see your smiles, benign and sweet; D o not reject the puzzles when you've read them o'er. N ow we shall have a seasonable treat, E xceeding great and jolly, from the riddling ranks, W e'll listen to the voices known so well- Y es, for our long.loved singers earn our warmest thanks. E ach one in many a gladsome strain will tell A gain some puzzle rhymes and lays for Christmastide. R oam we through fields in Chili; there behold-- T hough elegant, yet foolish and too dull to hide O r fly from harm-this strange bird, never bold. A long the plains she runs, while mounted sportsmen fling L ight lassos for her capture. She is not L ike eighth, small bird, sweet voiced, of strong and rapid wing. T by seventh is lively-merry is thy lot- H ow grandiose a name for snbch a little bird! E ndowed thou art with one of simpler sound. F rom brink of brooks and streams thy gentle note is heard; A nd there with friends, where elder seeds abound, I see thee briskly flit, robed in the quaintest dyes T hat ever English birdie did assume. Ii ow sweetly do the last from tiny throat arise ! F ull well we prize thee. Thou thyself dost plume U pon the fact that thou, perchance, wilt mated be, L ike others of thy race have been, we know, B ecause of gentle voice, with caged canary. Free A way fly thou-'tis better to live so. N ow do the Christmas waits begin their harmooy- D elightful is the air they're playing slow. O h, see the snowflakes falling, soft and feathery, P rom the grey clouds; and boisterously blow It ude northern winds. But in the house how cheerfully I s blazing bright the crackling Yuletide fire ! D elightful home I No place we leave more tearfully- I) ear spot, of thee we never, never tire. L inger a moment I to bid farewell to friends E ndeared to me through many happy year : It ich may you be in all the joyance which attends S eason of Christmastime that glads and cheers. Lovrsx W. Foundation )Words. 16.-Gather round, ye riddlers merry, read attentively this lay; Sing ye carols, born of pleasure, to another Christmas Day. Merriness must be the order, young and old go hand in hand, First and next to every reader, and our happy, riddling band. Cross lVords. A girl I knew, this was her Christian name; n ay be reversed, and yet remain the same. E ager, through his defeat, revenge he took; R age spoiled his efforts; he was brought to book. It ead o'er this paper, and this name you'll find; Y oang ones and old appreciate his mind. C aste, I have read, may indicate a race, H ere is a prince, then, one with coloured face. H ead the gazette-the War Gazette, I mean; I n it you'll see this regiment's name, I weeu. S lyly a dog rushed at me yesterday ; T urning, it gave a sixth, th"en ran away. M ark ye, I placed some crumbs upon the sill; A robin this, and ate with right good will. S earch in the history of the British Isles, A king you'll find-a mark for women's wiles. N ever have we sustained defeat at sea, D eeds by my ninth obtained each victory. H urrah for my tenth ! what jolly fun we had! A round we go, now here, now there, like mad. P erhaps-nay I am sure-you will deduce; P lain 'tis, I mean an implement in use. Y onder the old church stands, 'tis Christmas Day. N ever so twelfth I've heard the organ play. E dgar the horse did mount ; it gave a bound, WV ildly he clutched this, then fell on the ground. Y ear after year, steeds are conveyed from here; E nglanud receives her share, so never fear. A nd now I must this con. bring to a close, R ight sorry now to last, you may suppose. B. D. M., Glasgow. NARR&TIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in tLhe narrative.) 17.-Y ear after year this happy time comes round; U nnumbered, then, are pleasures to be found. L et us be happy while the day does last- E inulate the Christmases now past; T o evekyone extend a friendly hand: I now do so to our brave "Tourney" band. D ear boys, I wish, ere my poor con. does end, E v'sj Christmas greeting to each friend. R. L. JEFFERSO's, Holborn.