RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMB.
0 the first two letters of a word to form another word.) j,-The Autumn winds are sighing, dear, O'er meadowland and lea; The golden day is dying, dear, Across the stretch of sea. Where primal sails of spotless white Are fading slowly out of sight Beyond the trackless blue, And all my thoughts are flying, dear, Are flying, dear, to you. I've gazed to Fame's steep mountain, dear, And longed to reach its height, And sipping pleasure's fountain, dear, I've fancied with dehght, gIy name upon a thousand tongues Has proved a theme for final songs, But now the charms are few. Ambitious pride is naught beside The love I bear for you. My heart was filled with yearning, dear, To mingle in the strife, Great riches to be earning, dear, Within the field of life. uat now a health of golden sheaves I count as dross-my laurel leaves Have lost their freshness, too; For dreams more bright have quenched their light, The dreams I dream of you. The rivulet is singing, dear, So tremulous and sweet, The vesper bells are ringing, dear, And dreamland is complete. For by your side again I stand, I hear your voice, I touch your hand, And darkness fades from view, For all my thoughts are winging, dear- Are winging, dear, to you. MArioN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 1,-On the Lake of the Thousand Isles, With the boat drifting on with the tide, And the sunlight j nust touching the pale golden hair, While her hand trails over the side, A lass with the brightest of eyes, A lass with the sweetest of smiles, Alas for my heart as we're first.ing along On the Lake of the Thousand Isles. On the Lake of tIre Thousand Isles, With the sun sLlking low in the West, And flooding the waves with a fiery glow, And lighting the tamaracts crest, I asked her to be my own wife, She replied in the coldest of styles. It the waves weren't so next I would end all my grief In the Lake of the Thousand Isles. L'ENvoi. bhe married somebody else, My lass with the sweetest of smiles; She loved him so well that he drowned himself In the Lake of the Thousand Isles. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 3,-The radiant daughter of the morn First rosily o'er the eastern hills; The bilious man got out of bed, And took his morning dose of pills. The sun gave one last sleepy wink, And then rose from his couch "down east," And gave one awful yawn, I think, And half a dozen " haws" at least. Then quoth the sun, " I'm rather dry, I'll draw next water from the earth, Then shrivel up a dozen men; No matter if there is a dearth." And then down here he sent his rays To find Australia their quest, But found he had mistaken quite, And therefore sank down in the west. W. KoHanER, Camberwell. 4--'Tis pleasant to sit by the parlour first, When the coal is brightly glowing, On a wintry night with your own true love, While the fierce north-easter's blowing. But pleasanter far is the summer night, When the dew is on the roses, And faih Diana's silvery light A beauteous scene discloses. Oh, then to wander through the last, Where the breeze with balm is laden, And softly tell the tale of love To a fair and gentle maiden. Oh, the soft, the bahay summer night, When katydids are sporting And we see the fireflies flashing bright, Is the sweetest time for courting. TRANSPOSITIONS. C. P. B. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.l 5._-When I am whole, I am a tree; But if I am transposed, You'll find that I am in a tree, Though not at all exposed. Transpose again, and 'twill be seen A long, long time ago; I laid a queen, a sinful queen, In all her beauty low. Again transpose and you will find I am a kind of spring; In pleasure or in sickness, mind, I'm just the very thing. Now I am a tree, yet not a tree- To find me pray contrive; And if you rightly look, you'll see I keep the tree alive. STNTeX, Warrington. .-Pat, what's up with the people lately P Shure their cranks are all gone cracked I The other day a gint asked swately If a horse I'd iver backed. faith, said I, iudade I have, sorr; Backed one down to Lim'rick Fair. Bad cess to gints What did helaugh for? 'Dad, he narely made me shwear I He grinned, and axed me if I'd iver Put some money on a horse. 'Gorra, said I. 'taint first it--nivir I Shure he'd last it off, nv course I A. C. HEAD, Eastbourne. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter o whilch is treated seVarately.) 7.-MIy first is in John, but not in Sam; Y seecond's in butter, not in jam; ily third is an tree, but not in seed; i your. this in sea, also in sea-weed liy fifth is in battle, but not in fight; MIy sixth is in day but not in night. Ty tholte if placed aright by you, A well-known island brings to view. C. S&.isos, Mile End, CONTUNDRUM. -Pray give me answer if you can, When you have thought this question over: What resembinice does a a-sh man - alear to the stately cliffs of Dove' -P - ~ '~T. miow, Edinburgh.
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form anotheri word.) 9.-Treasures there are in life which only the wise may view, Lying hid in the sea, or in the welkin blue; Parables live and breathe in every woodland flower, Telling what joys the Lord first over the grey world show'r. When the heart stricken lies, hurt nigh to death by woe, Lo I in the " hush of eve" Philomel singeth low; Simple the bird's strain is, yet in each plaintive note, Dwelleth a gentle peace, which unto the heart doth float. When in the strife of life spirits in anguish cry, Voices of angels seem ever around and nigh; There is increase of pain in songs of the stream and bird: Hearing, we hope again-our souls to their depths are stirred. Burden of pain and care reaches next weak and strong, Showing us mystic paths, teaching us right from wrong; Ah, but too oft we let the lesson go unperceived, Selfish, and blind, and last, feeling ourselves aggrieved. Treasures there are in life, and if we but glance around In Nature's terrestrial bowers they easily may be found; The warbler, the brook, the flowers, a wonderful balm impart, So let us inhale their joy when sorrow has touched our heart. Better it is by far to notice with partial eyes The lessons that Nature gives, and number among the wise; Pleasures denied us here we surely may count as dross : He who would wear the crown must manfully bear the cross. JENNIE AND MAMaON. 10.-Last week Tam sauntered tae the toon Without his purse-the senseless loon- Tae buy some claes 'twas his intent, Because his Sunday yins were rent. But, ah I a pub. his vision spied, And into it he quickly hied; A hauf o' Thomson's best was laid Before him, as he made a raid Upon his pouches for the purse Wherewith the till to reimburse. He found it not, and ower his face There cam' o' fear the faintest trace. The waiter gazed in mute surprise, An' wunnered if poor Tam was wise ; But when he saw no coin was brocht To pay for that which had been socht, He loudly Tam began to chide, And ordered him to get outside; An order which, without a doubt, Was very quickly carried out. J. BonDE OGLAsow. 11.-When Jake the first went out one morn Upon the road to neat; The third was thick upon the corn And Jake was sorely vexed. A fourth suit he that morn did wear, He had a fifth friends there ; He was so mad I thought he'd swear- 'Tis true what I declare. But soon a stranger unperplexed He saw as on he passed; Said Jake, " Why sixth you down that next?" Quoth stranger, " For a last." And for a last it surely was, Which Jake soon found was true; And now, kind friends, once more, alas, I have to bid adieu. T. STona, 12.-I first a moment in the street, My face becoming like a sheet; My hands dropped listless by my side, With fright my eyes did open wide. I trembled o'er, I thought I'd fall, And for assistance could not call. Oh, what on earth had next this fright P What made my face look deadly white P What made my aspect look so queer P What made the people gaze with fear P Had all my senses fled from me, Or did I then a spectre see P Ah, no, my friends, it was not that; The wind had carried off-my hat. HELENA T. DENNY, Roscrea. 13.-" Seeing my first " is a phrase much in use 'Mongst those who would find an excuse for their folly. " Let's revel in pleasures," say they ; " to the deuce With all who are not, like ourselves, gay and jolly." But, alas I that it should be, some fine sunny morn Friend Nemesis thunders his knocks at their door; Of cash not so second, of jollity shorn, They wander forth shiv'ring, mere wrecks of before. With a third and a cheerful and cosy fireside Where a man can find rest when his day's work is done, With such-like, to peace and contentment allied, The battle o'er selfish desires may be won. R. WATT, Dundee. 14.-Pirst I another discovery in Erin P A petroleum spring I've heard; No wonder it's called the Emerald Isle, For there's ite in its veins interred. Let's hope next the ile they have lighted on, Will pure as purest crystal be You'll surely allow that the Irish race Deserve a rich discovery. C. DRENON, Broughty Ferry, 15.-I tried to catch a little efret That ran about the next, But quickly it eluded me, At Which I felt quite vexed. IVANHOE, Belfast, 16.-An Irish river, change its head, Another river's left instead; Repeat the process once again, And still another-will remain. J. BIUtNLL, Belfast, DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-The summer is dead, the summer is dead, The breezes were sighing, were sighing but this, As they stole through the forest and stirred with a kiss The dead leaves of earth on her bosom that lay In the cold yellow next of an autumn day, Whose chill smote the blossoms that waxed white and red, Ere the summer was dead, the summer was dead. The summer is dead, the summer is dead. Oh, faintly there came from the yellowing wheat A sigh for the flowers that died at his feet, Whose blooms were the brightest that earth ever grew, Whose scent was the sweetest that earth ever knew; And now all the beauty and sweetness have fled, And the summer is dead, the summer is dead. The summer is dead, the summer is dead, The birds that were tinging their flight far away To the sea walls of Cadiz that smiled on the bay Seemcd lagging in first as they journeyed afar In the light of the east and the morning star; And sad was the chorus they sang overhead,, "' Farewell to the summer, the summer is dead." E. A. CaRona, London. J8.-Please dnd a word for " pine away," And if you it behead, A veiy well known coummon drink Appearil now in its sad .... WY. G. DOVBLET.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 19.-Far nobler, broader views of life rye gained, To better knowledge of the truth attained, Since reading lonely, in a lonely place The words of genius that the pen did trace, Of those two authors; on the scroll of fame Go search, discover each illustrious name. Gross Words. Banish it from the pillow, Why should it haunt thee to.night P Dimming with anxious tear-drops Eyes that are full of light. True, it is battered, tarnished, But I treasure it yet ; It holds in its keeping faces Of friends I'll ne'er forget. Screened from the road she's seated, Under the tall hedgerow, Reading this, her long lashes Wet, and her eyes aglow. Full of wild protestations, Heaving of weary sighs, With many an amorous ode IMade to fair Lydia's eyes. Longing through night and morning The time her lips shall part, To speak the word that shall charm Anxiously-waiting heart. Underneath glowing sunshine Underneath azure skies, 'Midst the various-hued blossoms Of Italy this town lies. Time when toil and turmoil Of the weary day is done; And I set with happy bosom Watching the setting sun. M. E. BONNELL. Foundation Words. 20.-Y on have seen the last of summer, and winter ap- proaches fast; O h instead of summer breezes comes the now chilly blast. U nfeelingly has autumn stopped all your printals, boys; N ow let us hope that finals will be classed amongst your joys. G iris will welcome it, I'm certain, with equal gladness, too. F or as yet they do no primal-ing-a wonder, though, 'tis true. Cross Words. O ften have we gathered them down by the river side, L eaving them upon the bank and going for a ride. Known as the cause of many a crew's distress, S ending many a creature to his eternal rest. P artial to this name am I-of three letters'tis composed; A lady's Christian name you see if you have it disclosed. Pretty little household pet, although you're rather small, E 'er have the poets sung (P) about your music on the wall; R etaliate you might, I'm sure, and give them squall for squall. R ather a common vegetable this unto you will show; I t is a kind of cabbage, which now must undergo, I) ecidedly, the rule of the curtailment which you know. Discover now for sizxth a word meaning "to command;" L eave not the fray, but find it all, ye of the riddling band. "E aden," said the enraged master, " come quickly step this way, T ake that (the cane) for final, and stop in school all day." F. PHILLIPs, Mottingham. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narratirve 21.-I ask for forgiveness, pray grant it, I know I've deserted the " T," But still, when I tell you the reason, I know you will merciful be. For months I've been travelling the country With many and various " shows ;" Making known to the " Temples of Thespis" The name that is written below. And now that I've made a connection, I still have to work-for a name; So. though my effusions are fewer, I trust you will love me the same. And thus having briefly related '[he tale of my absence, I will Make guesses concerning the writ, rs, Are they all working merrily still? Does the fairest and truest of sovereigns, Miss Marion, still reign here supreme P And the ladies, Miss Boehmer, bliss Rendle, And the charming-my sister, I mean 1 Then poetical Wallis and Drenon, Both friends of a sort that are rare; Fred Webb, Archer B., and the others, Not forgetting the oleler E. Blair. So they still work truly and boldly To keep up the " Tournament's" fame P" All working with only one object- To never let perish its name I T. RoYSToe , Salford. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 22.-Ah, me, I'm in love it is clear, My dear- At last I'm in love it is clear; And it causes my poor trembling heart to rejoice When I think of the being I've first for my choice. Oh, life without thee would be drear, My dear; Yes, life without thee would be drear. For oh, you're a dear little dove, My love- Ah, yes, you're a sweet little dove; And the brilliant light of your charming blue eyes Outrivals the stars in the clear evening-skies That are winking and blinking above, My love, That are winking and blinking above. And I know you'll become my sweet wife, My life- You'll consent to become my last wife. Why, what's that? 'o, surely I You're married, you say I Why, confound it I 'tis time, then, I wished you good day, For with anger my bosom is rife, My life- With conflicting emotions 'tis rife. H. A. TAYLon, Birkenhead. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 23.--My first's a word of letters three, Also a riddler's name; Reverse, an article you'll see, Used in a well-known game. CA IrA. CURTAILMENT. { (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) SA.-A certain measure please curtail, A measure then you'Ull see; Curtail it twice, and 'twill not,fail . measure still to be. E. LEWNaoLp.
BETAGtIAM. (Ohange the eeoond letter of a word to form another word) 25.-Not always can we gaily write, Not always pleasant songs indite In "joyful" chords, or in a comio fashion ; Oh, ye who've stepped upon a nail, Jumped back, and fallen o'er a pail, Now, can you write first when you're m a passion P Not always can we grandly write, Not always martial odes indite, Or have the next to echo notes of splendour; Oh, ye who're blest with neighbours who Are cornet mad, and fiddle, too, Now, don't you find your hopes of glory slender P Not always can we sweetly write, Not always tender lines indite To lovers, or describe bright scenes of beauty; Oh, ye who have a child next door Who never checks his frantic roar, Now, don't you sometimes wish to shirk your duty P F. G. WEBB, Southwark. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word) 26.-Ye "Tourney" bards, I supplicate, Since none I know would play the tyrant, Gaze down from your high seats of state Upon a new aspirant. My humble cons., I must confess, At present are not even middling; But practise bringeth gracefulness In this, your art of riddling. I know, alas I I can't compete With your fair train of sweet-voiced ladies 1 Indeed, to gain 'mongst them a seat, My sirs almost afraid is. But I next hope some day to be Quite famous in the coming ages ; And so I trust you'll welcome me Into the " Tourney's " pages. ADA ALLEN.COULSON, CHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh syllable of whloh Is a word.) First. 27.-" He must be the bravest living, He each night doth calmly rest 'Mid a hundred thousand warriors, Each an enemy at best." Thus was said of this bold leader, Greatest general of his time; Victor in a bloody battle, Fought in Italy's bright clime. Second. The kettle on the hob, The tiny redbreast, Bob, The chorister in white, The waits who come at night, The grasshopper and bee, Do this so merrily. Third. When Ned cut off the head of his goose, For a certainty he let me loose. Fourth. In the terrible struggle of war, Before the conflict's begun, And brave soldiers await the attack, How bright these flash in the sun I But, ah, when the conflict is o'er, How dulled and blood-stained every one I Whole. Now, riddlers dear and readers dear, of ev'ry size and age, Together bring each little word and bind them in one whole, And you will see, as I have seen, something in Young FoUlks page That tells of laughter and of tears, rich food for mind and soul. C. P. MrscnELL. 28.-My first is a word of letters two, And is, I'm sure, well know to you In second a number you will find- A very small one of its kind ; Whole for our sins we often do, And now I leave the rest to you. C. RosuEn, Lambeth. 29,-My first, if it fits, may be worn by us all; My second has travelled at least from Bengal; My whole is your scorn, yet commands your surprise ; I sometimes have governed the good and the wise. MEPHISTO, 30.-A colour in my first you'll view; My next a kind of pond will be When this you've found, unite the two, And then an English town you'll see. O. LEIDHOLD. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 31.-My whole is part of you and me And every one, as you will see. 5, 2, 3 Is a kind of leaf. 4,3,5 Is a small animal. 1, 3, 5 Is what we wear upon our heads. 2, 3, 4 Is a part of the body. 5,3,4,2 Is to break. 5, 3, 4 Is something black. 1, 3, 4, 5 Sometimes leads the chase. BLACx EACeO