RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGR&MS. (Ohangethe flrat letter of a word to form another word.)
1.-We stood together in the summer gloaming. And watched the wevelets plash on last and stone, While far to distant firsts my thoughts were roaming, For on the morrow I would be alone. " And, dear," he said, " though all the world be failing, You'll ever prove sincere and true to me P And keep a watch each day for one who's sailing Across the shining sea." The summer roses bloom in all their glory, The busy world is just as bright and gay, And olden now has grown the time-worn story Of him who sailed upon that fatal day. Still in my dreams the quest is often spoken- " You'll ever prove sincere and true to me P'" And still I watch each day, with faith unbroken, Across the shining sea. Ah, well! I know there is a silver lining Beneath the clouds that shadow life's fair sky, And that behind the myriad stars, pale shining, There will be no more parting by-and-bye. And so I count the hours so slowly fleeting, And dream of happy days that are to be; For faith and love will bless the joyful meeting Across the shining sea. MiAnoar L. TTUILO, Birkenhead. .--I love to wander, on a summer's day, In country lanes, where blossoms pave the way: Where bluebells bow before man's haughty tread, And skies cerulean smile from overhead. I love the fields, so beautifully green; The myriad hedgerows, bathed in golden sheen; The tinkling streams, and small, pellucid rills, Sending their music through the sun-tipped hills; The plains, enamelled by the daisies white, And buttercups that blush to kiss the light. The trembling primrose, full of modest grace, Adds to the rustic beauty of the place. I love the early lark when sweeping by To pour its world of song up, up on high. Hark I how the heavenly cadence upward floats- Such thankful strains ne'er came from human throats. Hfow beautiful the first I How red the sun ! How grand I how well another day's begun I The toiler, happy, plods upon his way, Nor frets a portion of his life away. The cattle move along the dusty plain T'o Seek the verdant pastures once again ; The murmuring insect-life seek sylvau bowers, To quaff sweet nectar from the swaying flowers; Th'be dewdrops sparkle brightly, as we pass, Almost on ev'ry bending blade of grass; The sweet June roses, last of incense rare, Ambrosia waft across the freshening air; The winged choir, ensconced in nodding trees, Gild, with a throbbing song, the passing breeze; And springing from beneath our eager feet, The golden cornstalk waits the noonday heat. Stretched out for miles-a paradise indeed- The glorious fruit, borne of creation's seed, Enriched by produce, fashioned out by art, When Nature tore the sea and land apart. KIsTCHNER AND WELLS. S.-'Twas an eve in harvest weather, When we two set out together For a ramble, Kate and I- Out beneath the autumn sky; In the heavens rose the first. Oh I I thought my heart would burst With my love for pretty Kate; But, alas I 'twas getting late. S Ld she, " We'll now n'-further roam." "Next," said I, " we'll be at home; But before we further walk Listen to a little talk." Then I asked her for a third, And she my petition heard; Then I clasped her to my breast, And- I'll let you guess the rest. We were wed and live alway Happy as the livelong day. P. S., Belfast. REBUS. No.4. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativej 5.-Every old sailor loves his tale to tell, Every old soldier on his 'scapes to dwell; And, doubtless, if the thrilling truth were known, Each life would form an epic of its own. One scaled the breach at Badajoz, and won His crimson laurel under Wellington; Another speaks of Nelson, and the while Tells deeds of Copenhagen and the Nile. Though late the humble story may be told, With mem'ry weak, and fervour growing cold, Ah I who shall say of heroes which should be Awarded first the palm of victory ? B. C. LovELESS, Birmingham. 6.-" Oh. Lady Jane I oh, Lady Jane I Come, listen to my suit. I'll do 'most anything you please- Don't treat me like a brute. I would not care whate'er you told This loving swain to do; I'd turn a mangle twenty years, If you could love me true. I'd race for fifty thousand miles, Or dive into the sea ; Id grind an organ in the streets, If you will marry me." The Lady Jane she made reply : "I cannot marry thee Till in the corner of my room You bring the briny sea; Till rats and mice can open shops, And serve out milk and cheese; When things can happen just like this, You may fall on your knees, And ask my hand in marriage, dear, Which I'll bestow on you. So come back when these things take place, And then I'll love you true." J. G. BRaoorMzELD,
CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 7.-In days when head and heart were soft and tender (Oh I those dear salad days), My soul was large, my pocket-money slender; I loved an angel of the female gender- Words fail to speak her praise. One day, first next and coat of newest fashion, I rushed upon my fate- That is, determined to declare my passion. " Faint heart," &o., so I meant to dash on, Nor one more moment wait. Posed by her last, in attitude romantic, Third wait, on love intent, An hour, till, with impatience nearly frantio (And also cramp), in many a funny antic My feelings found a vent. A step I she comes! oh, how my heart-strings quiver I What I can it be a man P Her sire-a sight to make the bravest shiver- A peppery nabob, minus heart or liver, Armed with a big rattan. The scene that followed I will not relate : he My amorous notes had read, Meant but to catch the eye of sweetest Katie. His arguments, also his cane, were weighty: I was discreet, and fled. MORuL. Lads, when you courting go, take careful soundings, And total well your lady.love's surroundings; Keep your eyes open, wisely lay your plans, Beware of nabobs and of big rattans. J. A. MARsHALL, Kennington. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 8.-I had a pleasant dream to-day, While slumb'ring in my chair at home: My mind would fain have torn away The veil that covers things to come; And so I'm going to write in rhyme Of certain things that yet may be- The bright hopes of a coming time I fain would see. For in my dream I pondered o'er Some things which yet first come to light, A sparkling, pleasing, witty store Of cons. which I have yet to write; I felt-I won't tell any lies- Bat how much better it will seem, If I but live to realize Last happy dream I SAM WooD. REBUS. No. 9. PRECE-OMEGRAMS. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) INTRODUCTION. 10.-0 Musa ! give me heart of grace The ranks of riddledom to :,ace, Lest they should check my wild career With " Goodness me! What have we hereP" Oh, mighty hearts of little men, Who wield the wild, impetuous pen, How ardent beat ye, in your case, For fame, to join the noisy race EXPLANATION. My riddle's unknown to the riddling clan, And I'm certain you'll own I'm a clever young man. The Prece.Omegram I Strange are the things to be done In it: you must change the last letter but one. Just ponder a bit-you won't find it absurd; Like the Omegram, it each time leaves a new word. EXAMPLE. O'er the sea his bark is coming, With an azure sky above, And I'm standing, in the gloaming, Dreaming of my sailor love; On the ring he first me, going, Underneath the morning sky, Bend mine eyes, and tears are flowing, As I think of his " good-bye." I will aye be true to thee, love, Who art far across the main; And though suitors come to me, love, All their pleas will be in vain. And, when fleecy clouds are riven By the next's intensity, I will pray to Him in heaven To keep watch and ward o'er thee. J. P. HARRINGTON. 11.-We'll ramble through the pleasant woods, Beneath the autumn sun, Delight ourselves 'mid rural scenes Till lovely day is done; Cross over river, stream, and brook, Climb mountain, hill, and stile, While Nature's brilliant choristers Attend our path the while. We took our ramble. Joe and I, One sparkling autumn morn; But swiftly every joyous first From either heart was torn; For, when our chosen spot was reached, Down came a steady rain, And then the breeze, in very spite, Grew to a hurricane. Our faces blinded with the wet, We quickly lost our way, And wandered on till gloomy night Bad put to flight the day; At last the station came in sight, And thence at once we bore, To learn the train for next had left Some little time before. At every house for miles around We shelter asked in vain.
A,"d had to roam about for hours, With garments drenched in rain. At length bright morning dawned again, And straightway home we hied, Disgusted with our wretched walk, And all the world beside. F. G. WEBs, Southwark. CURTAILMENT, (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 12.-My whole a jewel of value will be, That is got from out of the deep blue sea. Then from behind please let a letter fall, A fruit you'll have that's known unto you all. Curtail, and a vegetable you'll view. And now, dear riddling friends, I'll say adieu. J. CLAmes, Birmingham.
ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-'Tis even now before your view, 'Tis very cheap, and useful too. Cross Words. At school I oft had this to do- At least, so I expect had you- In which I oft had this to find, And other things, just bear in mind. Third has just now caught a mouse, And wants to bring it in the house. The next, you know, is always kind. Sometimes we have a con. "Declined." Some lasts in the " Tournament " Are puzzling, but they're excellent. F. PHULIPS, Mottingham. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 14.-There was a maid of beauteous grace Lived in a quiet country place, And if you'd seen her pretty face, I'm sure you'd pity my sad case. For, with a fiery, boiling heat, I loved this damsel fair and neat, Who had such small and well.shaped feet, Which made my heart so wildly beat. When I endeavoured to propose, I blushed as red as any rose. She gave a look which nearly froze, And with calm dignity she rose, And my proposals did resent; But flatt'ry soon made her relent, And then at last she gave consent, And said "to tease" she only meant. And I had won her I Oh, sad lot I I wish to goodness I had not; For, oh I the temper she has got Is enough to kill you on the spot. Yes, she's turned out a regular first: With rage sometimes I nearly burst. I'd cheek her if I only durst; But then I'd only get the worst. But some day I will show my right; I'll hold it in the fiercest fight. Once I've my right, I'll hold it tight, And things will show in another light. Just to think that a man like me Should be bullied by her. Why, you see- "John, bow long must I waiting be ? If you don't come now, you'll get no tea. "' Your steak is slowly going last, The water's boiling away quite fast. How long is that talking going to lastP Come, or I'll fetch you very fast." " Coming, my darling; you needn't wait. The clock has only just struck eight, And surely you do not call that late; And I'm merely saying good-bye to a mate." A. C. LORRAINE, Livei pool. 15.-Riddlers, when shadows o'er me loom, When all is silent as the tomb, I take myself off to my room, And make a riddle. And when of riddling I am tired, A taste for music is acquired; With thoughts of fame my soul is fired- I take my fiddle. I first away with fervent zest; With all hard tunes I do my best And then I play by way of rest, " Hey diddle.diddle." I first no longer, but, instead, Some thoughts of sleep get in my head; I next myself down in my bed, Just in the middle. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. REBUS. No. 16. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may he treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. tiod; and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 17.-M ighty tool of little men, A ttend ye to my will' R ight loyal, true, and honest pen, I need thine aiding still. O h! lend your aid, both pen and ink, N ote down whate'er your lord doth think, T his whole is found in every place, A nd every land and ocean too; Y et but transpose it, and all apace, L o I music's elements you view; O ft with its tail. by the usual rule B everse, and behold a famous school. O n beheading, now we see a weight U sed for all heavy goods and freight ; R eally, this is most easy to state. Q nick, now, and make a central change, U seful and necessary too; E ach letter now you must arrange; E asy ant simple you'll find this to do; N ow, look I an insect is brought to your view. F. SMITH.