RFIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OME GRAM. Sot last letter of aword is clnuncd to form anot her word.)
S .--Sing, minstrels, sing, And while assembliing here Welcome the first New Year With many a joyful cheer, And gladly bring Your well-loved lutes of gold, Bidding its chords unfold Stories as yet untold. Sweet voices, ring, Cherish the "Tourney" pride, Fame's glorious field is wride: Standing here side by side, Sing, minstrels, sing ! Dream, minstrels, dream Of fame achieved at last, Of strife for ever past, Of skies once overcast, That brightly gleam. Uphold with heart and voice The banner of your choice; Each heart exte must rejoice, Each bright face beam. Of fortune and renown, Of stuunbling-blocks o'erthrown, And of the victor's crown, Dream, minstrels, dream! MARION AND QUEENIE. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRA.I. gtie first ant la t letters of a word. to form another word expressed in the nalr- tivo.J -Two fellows cue day were eating a pie, And the crust to the dish did stick, When one of them, with his mouth quite full, l:emarked to his pie-ons friend Mick, "I believe that pie is glued to the dish;" Thea a hit of it he tasted. " You're talking nonsense," the other replied; "It is not glued, but pasted." J. BIRRELL, Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGtRAMS. acge thes irst two letters of .a wr rd to fru anloth er werd, ex- pressed in thle nlrralLLii.) --I fell in love, when young and flirty- '.S. This is a joke- With a widow fair, and over thirty. P.S. This is a joke. She took me to task, and me did ask In her smiles to bask, and use no maskl; She drank from a cask, I from a flask. P.S. This is a joke. I've said she was old, where I was young. P.S. This is a joke. This theme, dear friends, we've often sung. P.S. This is a joke. Yet still'tis our bent, so be content, Our love-songs we vent, on wives intent; 'Tis old we lament, and can't prevent. P.S. This is a joke. This widow fair has her mate alive. P.S. This is a joke. I'd find it quite hot if he should arrive. P.S. This is a joke. ile's from homu this day-where, I can't say; And there shall he stay, my fears allay, And while he's away his wife may play. P.S. This is a joke. I lavished precious gifts upon her- P.S. This is a joke- And dresses rich andl rare put on her- P.S. This is a joke. She west to a ball (St.. James's Hall); At a house, not small, she made a call, And to crown it all, down stairs did fall. P.S. This is a joke. I gave my heart's desire a call- P.s. This is a joke- The other day; but that's not all- P.S. This is a joke- For her other love was up above, And he said, " You cove, now kindly move!" I called my love a deceitful dove. P.S. This is a joke. SCuNEIDER AND BROiD Arrow, Zayder Zee. A brave little birdie art thou, redbreast, Though plain be the preludes thou singest; hoeart sheltered and loved for thy bosom's rich crest, And the gay Christmas season thou bringest. hy sweet modest voice, 'mid the blast and the snow, Stirs a chord in the heart full of pity; lid birds whose soft trillings more rapturous flow Ne'er sang strains so plaintive and pretty. Iw welcome art thou, bonnie bird, when the morn 'Treads forth in fair splendour across the wide earth ! lw dear is the flush that thou ever hast worn From the dawn of creation and Nature's birth! 'nw soft is the tread of thy poor little feet Exp:tanttly perched on the cold window-sill I low sweet is the pleasure to give thee to vat- On th' heartustone to give thee thy morsels and fill! robin, if ever thou fallest the prey, The victim sc weak of the harsh, cruel snare, eo hand that is human will venture to lay Its touch on thy plumage, but freedomtt thine spare. lere's something of sacredness bound to thy name, ndd th' streak of rich crimson sprayed deep on thy breast ; Od somelhitig unearthly spreads light o'er its fame, And the life-blood eternally blest. VIOLET DAVIES ANK V. D. T. DUAGRAM S. hmana the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 5.-The rifles ringing o'er the moors Speak death nud woe to feathered tribes, And bags well filled with many scores A bitter bloodshed well describes. How happy is the next to me I Contentment reigns here-I am blest; No troubles, cares, I ever see- A wedt indeed, one of the best. With scythe and flowing beard and hair, Raiment gcant, lack.lustre eye, Which mutely says decay and care Must be with last that you descry. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. 6'-When snow lies thick upon the ground, You do my primal, I'll be bound. Two letters change, and 'twill reveal A thing that's used at ev'ry me;al. In third perceive a precious stone- It is not generally known. iyfourth is what some people do, YoUn may, perhaps, have seen a few. On housetops Jftl you'll oltoi see, In all the schools 'twill also be. Now k~indly cast youst eyes around, For in the room this will be found. C. F. Bliarn, Wood Green,
METAGRLIAMS. SOhante the first letter of a wolr to form anothiir wr I.1 7.-0 Nellie, you are very kind to talk to humhle me, And I must see if we cannot in future times agree. You say if girls were banished quite we could not fill their place, And I at once agree with you that such would be the case; We certainly could never do it, even if we tried. But if the thing would come to pass the loss we might abide; We might go mad, just as you say-with that I quite ngree- But it Inight be with joy, you know, with downright mirth and glee. Who'd scrub the floors ? Well, that's a question I can answer straight, Four if there were no girls, why, dirt would soon be out of dote ; And as to minding babies, why, that's easy you'll allow- They'd be looked after quite as well as they are tended now ; For if we heed what people say who surely ought to know. We ih'st that care of babies has been lu.nished long ago. And as for kissing rosy lips-one could not surely miss What one has not experienced, though some say 'tis greatest bliss. But seriously I will say this: Harm I could never find If girls will care to wear the things that fashion has designed; For b ,auty unadorned, you know, is really not the thing, And to what sets their beauty oie no wonder girls will cling. So lit themn deck themselves with bustles, strings, and furbelows, And be a thing of fashion from their paint right down to toes; And you, I hope, will do the same and be a gushing maid, And still wear dress.improvers, and in grandeur be arrayed, And (as you are) be true and last, and sweet as you can be- Truth, kindness, sweetness, with the love of dress can still agree; Now I must thank you very much for what you've said of me, And in the future I will hope we over shall agree. Now I will raise a cheer for girls (though maybe they are few), Who shine with wit and mirth and are both honourable and true. Iv,-tnos, Belfast. 8.-I see the hill of fame, Where young Olympians press, To give themselves a nanie, And rise from nothinguess. Here, at its lowly foot, By musing fancy led, I watch the others climb Where I may never tread. At rest, I covet not The crown which Fate awards To her most favoured sons, Her pugilists, her bards. Their first is but a next; A waxen image, placed Before the fires of time To melt and be defaced. Esquire and knight and third May seek it as they will, But I, with all my heart, Abhor and scorn it still. 'Twas cruel, sister mine, To spoil this poem', power By writing underneath-- "' Poor Fox ! the grapes are sour !" G. LEE. NARRIXTIVE META-PRE CE-O MEGRIAMr. (Chalngn the firlt and lnst letter but one of :t word to form another word, expro+bed in thile arrative.) 9.--Winter is here! Winter has come; there's not a doubt about it, All fo:ks display his ruddy paint, there's not a nose with. out it. And oft, methinks, he laughs aloud-long guffaws chilled and gusty- At how he hurries us along when all seems dead and rnsty. But Wiunter's not a bad old chap, though rcughly bluff andl rugged, For to his heart he takes us all, and one and all are humgid. He really ume.Ls us we:l, and more-to be unkind is treason! He !,rings his snows and frosts, and gives a merry Christmas season. And who shall say we do not greet with jovial shout and nierty The tagd vet'rau with his boughs of verdant leaf and berry, The ponds of ice, "the fields of sport," to wake from drowsy dozes The youthful world and gaily deck their cheeks with healthful roses? IHurah for dear old Winter, and his game with us of cricket ! Alas ! we've not a "hardened bat," but worse, a " kicking- wicket." He " stumps" a few, and some are "caught" (with " colds"), and some are " not outs," But many bats are "fairly bowled" f;om "long runs" and from " shot outs." Each year he on the earth presides, and, what nigh passing strange is, He shows no signs of aging, nor of Time's outrageous changes ; And so, old man, we-" by your leave "-(your merits we won't fad 'em) Bid you adieu, and rest aesured that you're as old as Adam ! V. D. T.tYLOr , Warrington. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the flrst letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-To me, to me, do the woodbirds call As I stand on the bridge where the waters fall; As the morn-winds sweep round the lonely hill, And a lively music comes from the rill. There is love.for the morning amid the trees Th'ht are gently swayed by the fitful breeze; And the milkmaid kisses her hand to me As I bid her " Good morning," frank and free. There are beads of dew on the clover leaves, And sparkling drops on the cottage eaves, As the kine go forth to the meadows green, Through the farmyard gate and the lane between. There's a morning mist on the hillside near, And the herdsman's cry in the fields I hear; The.pinesare swinging within the grove, Where the birds are singing their songs of love. I pse. the brook as it glidethl by The lnely moor where the plovers cry, And I pause by the side of the silent mere, For the loveliest scene of my tour is here. II. Cox, Birkenhead. DECAPITATION. I Drop the first letter of a word.leanvins aothar wrord.1 11.-'Tis something transparenut, I ween, 11,t my heart beats so wildly at this Behetad it-O beatuts.'us qscell! And allow me to takeo the first hiss. J, W. SEweLL.
ACROSTICS. (A wordor words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 12.--I knew a man, a haughty man, A man of hardened nature; His face imagine if you can, He stunted was in stature. His features ne'er assumed a smile, And people classed his looks as " vile," Resembling much, 'twas said, a file, By ev'ry living " crature." Within our town lihe well was known (The orbaiul now is famous) ; A kindness never had he shown, Indeed, he ill became us. Ilis name was greeted with a sneer, And children always raised a jeer Whene'er he chanlced to come so near, In style which nigh would shame us. 'Twas rumoured he was seen one day (Though strange you will agree, sir), To give, the natives still will say, A laugh of perfect glee, sir. From all around the people came, Blind, deaf and dumb, infirm and lame; 'Twas found he'd seen (I'll spare his name) Our famtous " Riddle T.," sir. Cross l'ords. In first you will discover, if you choose, A weapon which the English soldiers use. Our second will give you the first r:hristian name Of a lady whose cons. did delight us; To the " Tourney's " bright pages she frequently came, But now it would seem that she'd slight us. It is, indeed, with third that I recall The ev'ning that I went to Jones's ball. The most bewitching little miss That e'er I met; and well I know I had full many a lovely kiss At Christmas, 'neath the mistletoe. If you desire to find this little word, You'll have to take a rather solemn bird. " Oh, love, will you be mine ?" said he, And gave a most emphatic sigh; "If so, how happy I shall be ! And this is what she did reply. J. A. MAtsHALL AND J. STOCKS. Foundation Word. 13.-She's a pretty little maiden and possesses many beaux, To none of whom she's bound by any tie, For I must counfes she's fickle, as her conduct plainly shows, And I really am afraid, as time goes by, She'll find to her deep chagrin she is "left upon the shelf," The dreadful fate each princals often brings upon herself. Cross Words. Friend Amberley has finished his Part of the con., and I do-this. That you with this will not he vexed, I thint I'll venture on a next. And ere you think we get absurd We'll hasten on, and be the third. 'Tis foolish, as the iburth would say, To hope to please you all to.day. And if you're sharp, then, with this light, The answer will appear in sight. Joy, happiness, or sorrow brings, And speeds on with untiring wings. I hope you'll not meet with contempt, Should you this cross word e'er attempt. A fitting consummation. I Think, in my last you will descry. A. AMBERLEY AND R. L. JEFr'nSO:;. Foundation Word. 14. -My primals unto you will show A warrior whom you all do know. Alas! Ihe's dead. On Soulian's plain We lost him-'twas to Heaven's gain. Brave and true, be served his country well: Game to the last, he like a hero fell. Cross words. As busy as a fi'st, he makes his way To visit all his friends twice every day. "Second and peace!" those were his words to all, " And never let our reputation fall." Tihe third in torrents downward fell, And nearly drenched my sister Nell. She went away to be a omurth In some grim convent in the north. A glass of fifth is very nice, But I prefer a cooling ice. " Pray give that child a sixth," I cried; " To quiet it in vain I've tried." And so you've really been to last! You must have travelled very fast." E. N. HARnss. Foundalion Word. 15.-Primals will show to you a city, VWell known to every riddler witty. Cross lVords. When wild winds blow and the waves run high, Brave men launch this to save or die. In ecoend you'll find a sort of bird; A part of your face you must write for third. When winter drear is vanished quite And spring is here, this flower you'll sight. The master said that school was done; So we went jifth to have a run. I gave her a pear as she walked past, She bit it and said that it was last. A. A. DYIES, Southampton. Foeundation VWord. 16.-The "Tourney" knight I hide to-day To sense of error may awahon ; His " dear Z. B.," I haste to say, Must not be for "Madeira" taken. Cross Words. This city on the jour de l'an Was very gay, I hear. This prison held a Bonaparte, But he from it broke clear. This ancient name, in Lincolnshire, A well.known town did own. And here was born a Queen o' Scots, Ill fated on the throne. While here, a poet's dwelling-house, To visitors is shown. DADuIRA. MONO PHONE. ( Words .f dlfferent meaning, blct the same in aouid.1 17.-P'r'aps you cannot play at whist, P'r'aps you cannot play at c:nap; . For dominoes you. have no list, TDm't ca:vre for skittles co'cun a rap; And yet you'll over play tihetitsr, Be you man the best or worst. I am found in various guises, In the air and on your table; Rumbling sound in me oft ciss ; E'en on paper you'd be able In an arigument to hold Tihat a "call" I"te biftn told. R. L. JFEi.'tsoN, London.
NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word Is reversed, and bears a fllfforent meaning in the Ilsrat ive .) 18.-Yea, I know she's a country girl, With a colour that's all her own, That she likes a horsewhip to whirl, Aud is awkward and overgrown; That she vaults o'er a fence or stile In Ia way that is not genteel, And will scamper mile after mile Ere the least hit wur.-out she'll feel-but What of that ? I'm aware that her will is strong, That her temper at times is wild; That she does not at all belong To the modest, or meek, or mild; That she cares not what rumour says, Is afraid of no social ban, That she follows no bon-ton craze, And is known by the name Jane Ann-but What of that? And she cannot paint dainty plaques, Nor read novels the whole inLy long; She cares nothing for frail nick-sacks, And knows naught of the latest song; I'm afraid that she cannot dance, Save, perhaps, in a vulgar way, That she fails at the mincing prance Of the upper-crust ladies gay-but What of that ? To no courtly ancestor prim Can she point with a look of pride, And for no foolish, petted whim Has she ever sat down and cried; She's substantially built, I know, While her hands are not very small, And more ladylike would she siov Were she slender, and pale, and tall-but What of that ? PnILo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrativc.) 19.-Friend Bob, has Cupid, with his famed p5recision, E'er at your heart his fatal arrow shot, Raising within you joys that are Elysian ?- Though cynics oft assure us they are not I Perhaps you'll tell me, Bob, if you have ever Experienced Love's all.enohautiug thrill; Miaybe you will into my mind endeavour A foretaste of its pleasures to instil. So, if you've ever loved, Bob, fondly, madly, 1 pray you set my anxious mind at ease, For some day, I perchance, may suffer badly From a severe attack of heart-disease. Friend Arthur, if an answer you're requiring, I'll try to give you one, sir, full and flat; Although to rhyme and reason I'm aspiring, I'm half afraid I'll not succeed at that. I only loved but once-that once too many, As I have had great reason since to sild. But, oh I how much I loved my dear Miss Aunie I How crushed I was when she my suit declined ! I know her father's boot, he raised it madly, And lorcily propelled me from the door; And heart disease does not affect so badly As feet which leave your flesh so bruised and sore l A. AinBEnnLY AND I. W. ANDRtEWS. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-He did not meet her as fond lovers meet (At least, in books I've read they always would). He met. her when the sky was fair, When wanton breezes fanned her hair; But ah ! he did not meet her as he should, As bashful youths most maidens often greet. He did not meet her with a solemn bend, Nor did he first into the air his hat; He did not bow his back and,shake his head, His features, meanwhile, turning lively red, As round his neck slid gently his cravat. (All those in love alone can comprehend.) He walked with joy through a green country lane, And saw his loved one waiting, shy, alone; His heart beat high as he beheld the scene, Ble ran to meet her-but one yard between, And then-oh horror! stumbled o'er a stone. I must tell all, although'twill give me pain. Their loving heads met with a gentle (?) crash. Was that a scre.m ? was that a cry of pain ? I think it was, I'm sure it must have been! Their eyes are covered now with shades of green; "Love cannot always run too smooth," 'tis plain: And she has last him, for he was too rash. LA MTSTERIE. ARIITIHMOREM. (A n acrostic. The letters o cro is w,'ord thtt are ILotman numerals expressed ill fleures.t Foundation W-ord. 21.-An important part of Christmas fare Is the savoury thing in question ; But,. ye little boys and girls, beware Ot that grim bogy, indigestion. Cross Words. 1,050 and iup A small pool of water. 50 ,, guy The reverse of handsome. 550 ,, ue A fight with weapons. 550 ,, ne A kind of wood. 1 ,, kn What editors une. 1,051 ,, bne To be very active. 550 ,, go What we all work for. F. J. ALLInON.