RIIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE'ACROSTIOS.
Siallotters, as well as the tinTs, ýurm a wore, or words.) As you solve in their order the cross words below, Teo riddlers of whom we are proud you will see; They'r' considered-I'm sure you will say rightly so- As riddlers and rhymesters the top of the tree. Cross Words. e sure, when you go serenading your love, first is below er you glance up above. means as your Nuttall will qnickly confirm, tsa th solemnity or to aeirm. Ithird there are thousands for all kinds'of ills, mor aking of punch, Christmas pudding, or pills. is hopeless to essay to make my fourth move; - name in itself will the truth of this prove. shrb of the genus nerium is here; ull soon find it out, friends, I haven't a fear. is soon sends the poor weary patient to sleop- sleep that is long, nufrereshing, and deep. o engine of war that brings death in its train; strikes only once--t doesn't want to again. loud exolamation you make, I am told, hnn seized with a sudden and violent cold. ldst bear that shrill, ear.splitting sound on the air ? waspoor uncle Philip-a pin in his chair. I these there are many varietioc rare, at men often buy them a penny a peir. ongh someos books are large, thoro are others quite small; ut thi shape, I think, is the best of them all. bird that young folks never fail to be friend, -deem themselves happy his wants to attend. F. P.nrxn, Herno Hill. Foundatifon Words. 2,-Two wits are here; both in their day Were reckoned wondrous clever; Thefirst will live in hearts for aye, The last ba treasured ever. Cross Words. When winter winds our bodies chill, And hunger's voice is loud and shrill, Who'd scorn of this to take a fill ? Take down your map of Italy, Nor hesitate to find for me This river, winding to the sea. A province for this name will suit ('Tis the heel of its country's boot), A cape, as well, beyond dispute. In light that's last no light descry, For gloom is brooding o'er the s-y. And now, my riddling friends, good-bye. C. P. M nrcaELL. ACROSTICS. ord:.or words. formed of the iti-tiil 1:Ltters p other wordsJ Foundation Word. 3,-I wonder did you ever see A Iran who was from printals free, If so, I pray you let me know, Because to see him I shall go. There are so very, very few But are to prim'als over-true, That could I find a single case In whom there's not the slightest trace Of this to'me despised thing, I'd sure exalt him as ajking. ' rorss Words First is what I like to hear, if it's good and clever, If it's just the opposite, then I like it-never; Every person in the world, I have heard it reckoned, Likes above the most of things to be at their second ; And if only it is third, then it is a pleasure Better by a lot to me than a heap of treasure. That this con. is very last, there is no denying, And it would not it improve should I start to crying; So I think, if you're agreed, I may quickly end it, In the hope that Mr. Ed. may in love befriend it. SPuo, Ballymoena. Foundation Word. ,-I'm prieals of the Lucy Jane- A merchant ship is she; For eight long years she's served me well, And though by many a sea Her timbers were lashed hard and fast, They still are sound and good. I value her, and love her, too, As a true captain should. Crors Words. A fish that's large my first will be Part of a ship in next you'll see; Third is a metal known to all, And next is a coin, of value small ; Fifth of all colours may be seen; To occupy wholly my sixth doth mean, Last often follows hate and spleen. OEIRALDInE. DOUBLE OMEGRAEII. _lInte th, two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 5.-Oh, wicked, wicked Mary Jane, Why thus desert your Billy ? And you could really net refrai From saying I was silly I A rival's come, whose name is Fred- He's something in the city.; IIe's ugly, and his hair is red, And I-they say I'm pretty. Oh, wicked, wicked Mary Jane, This breast with pain is racking ; I think I'll cross the "foaming main," So I'll some things be packing. Bat, stay, if I myself should kill, 'Twould bring the flirt to sorrow .- Alas! with weapons I've small skill- I'll study this to-morrow, Ah, yes, there's just another chance- I'll meet my fate by drowning; 1Iy fame the " Specials" will enhance By large type placards frowning. The youth withNhair of fiery hue She'll first, the heartless rover; He'll lat--.. Confound it I this won't do- The wcaer'sfrozen over! J. SrTOCs, Lambeth. LOGOGRIPIS,. - i,'_r'trIn' ay hol treated as a meatram, rtleaaltntlnn, due. ea° tl~n)usoslttinn. lut loeavRes a perfect woid after each 01-A word for finished first please find; Something bitter next will be; Curtail my last, an d both unite, And an Irish town you'll see. INoastA 1M. TWOsEy, Cork. 7.-Whsol is a distant country town; Curtail, and then behead, An English bird that is well known You'll find I am instead. Asns Sarrr, Grosley. 8.A hird ourtail, and in its stead You have a name for tailor; And from thelast remove the heed, . And yeou' Y t ae't of "' nailer." A, U, hi
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 9.-" Tic, tic, tio, tic I" That's what the old clock says. And the pendulum, heavy and slow, With a regular, rhythmical flow Swings to and fro. " Tic, tic, tic, tic I" That's what the old clock says. Ah, the hopoc that I hoped, ah, the dreams that I dreamed Of the future's bright years, in my sweet childhood's hours ! But I'vefirst that the years are not quite what they seemed, And my next hopes have faded like unwatered flowers. "Tic, tic, tic, ticl Gone, gone, gone, gonel Fa-ded-with--ered-and--gone, Fa-ded-with-ered-and-gone. Tie, tic, tic, tic!" That's what the old clock says. There are those that I love, though their friendship is cold- Thcy but loved for a moment, I love for a life. There are forms that I loved that now lie 'nepth the mould, Whoso bright spirits are dwelling away from all strife. "Tic, tic, tic, tic, Gone, gone, gone, gone I I-walk-the-earth--a-lone, I-walk-the-earth-a-lone. Tie, tic, tic, tic!" That's what the old clock says ! EDITH K. RENDLE. DUAGRAM. (Oh -nce the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-How now, my merry masters I How now, my merry knights I What means this innovation in these our " Tourney " fights P Why tilt so many riders in these broad lists of fame Under the cloaking shadow of some assnmid name ? Not only the young riders who've fleshed their maiden steel, But champions tried and trusty would their great names conceal; But why or where the reason, I ask in my despair, That ye don such disguises, O knights and ladies fair ? If our young knights are bashful, and like not the strong light That beats upon their doings in the gay "Tourney's" fight, Well, let their whim be humoured. Who is't can see or say What deeds shall be accomplished in manhood's broader day? But, oh, yo practised riders, whose names are household words That link the past and present, and stir the heart's deep chords, What need for your assuming some fancy name, to hide The old, old one we honoured, when in the lists you ride ? If ye seek but concealment, 'tis rather late, confess, To first the beaming presence of your fair loveliness; And if some graver reason ye have, well, this poor knight Would like to knowthat reason, to guess the riddle right. Te knights who yet are faithful to the old name ye bore When first ye next the "Tourney" and oath of knight. hood swore, To you I tender greeting that in the tilt for fame You keep unchanged by fashion your own fair English name. E. A. Cnoscau. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-0 Patrick S., 0 Patrick S., Pray hear my lamentation, And do not yet your friends forget Who're filled with consternation. Come back to "Tourney" ranks once more, And let your verses be Graceful and pleasant as of yore; In fIrst of melody outpour Your voice in " Riddle T." O Patrick S., O Patrick S., Pray, why are you remaining Away so long from that bright throng Who are the laurels gaining ? New nsexs are coming every day In great variety; So once again come back, I pray, And promise you will never stray Again from " Riddle T." O Patrick S., O Patrick S., List to my exhortation To come again with voice and pen, And fill us with elation. For you we have so greatly missed Where you did often he; So join again the "Tourney" list, And with your hearty voice assist To swell the " Riddle T." Ivaxnoc, Belfast. 12.-My first is prized both far and near, To part with it we all do fear; Behead, and you will surely see What most of us will some day be. II. H. M'KEAN, Greenock. 13.-" What made your first old uncle vexed, And put you from his side ?" "Because I would not fetch his sevt," The little maid replied. SYNTAx, Warrington. 14.-Another word for gentle, When of head it is bereft, The name of that we dwell upon I'm sure will now be loft. C. SANsoec, Mile End. 15.-My first a piece of fire, dear Ed.; Mly next a lovely place; My third, I think, a kind of boat. Dear riddlers, grant me grace. A. STnsrcn. 15.-The lower part of a ship behead, And leave a kind of fish instead. QUILLe PENres; ANAGRAMS ON SURNAMES FROM "JACK NOEL'S LEGACY." 17.-Is he alone ? Then will you kindly say That I would like to see him speedily? We were in doubt how we should spend the day, When I proposed a walk to Dolly's Brae. Fay cogent things to me, yet I maintain That the reverse of what you say is plain. If he~sfr'om London recently come down, Haply he'll tell us something of the town. We heard her cry re-echo through the gloom, And wildly rushed up stairs into the room. Blood-shedding rear-gives only woe to meh, Till peace comes smiling to tue land again. Face me, unsheathe, and now yourself defend, You cannot sneak away this time, my friend. " BRueI " gasped my friend, " how culd I rue so soon ? You think me as inconstant as the moon." Th'e olhymist said, "The medicines ase theso: An equal quantit·y of bread and cheese." -- Pkjnsc S,. Belfast,
OHARADES. (Pormed on a word each sylatbls of whloh Is a word.) 18.-He was shy, she was sweet, And he loved her so, But he feared to tell his passion; And his heart it would beat, And his cheeks would glow In the usual boyish fashion. At a party one day, When the lights were dim, His courage he did command; And when the small fay Slyly smiled at him, He pressed a first in her hand. Then he grew quite bold, And in pleading tones He begged for a next she wore. But her words were cold, "It is meant for Jones- That boy sitting near the door." Then he shyly said, "Dear Mandie, some day Will you wear my wchole for me P" But the golden-haired maid, With a laugh so gay, Said, " When you're a man, I'll see." QUEENIE, Chester. 19.-My first's a fragment or a bit ; A writing article is my second; My last (for the finest tables fit) A nice meat is reckored. My w.ole, riddling friends will own Is a south of England t.wn. SILVER STONe.. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, l.arli', another word, expressje in the narrative.) 20.-There is a cold, dull, marble sky With nothing to relieve it Save one small golden cloud; the eye Is saddened to perceive it. Reminded now of summer's glow, The heart may well grow weary; In gloom, dreams of past joys bring woe, And the day is very dreary. I feel the wind abrold, but now Its voice is weak and hollow; Perhaps it grieves it stripped each bough And drove away the swallow. The woods are clothed in shrouds of white, And all the trees look eerie; The snow is beautiful and light, But the day is very dreary. B, Bn. ECR, Kentish Town. 2'.-They have the measles not far up our street- I caught it! And the policeman who walks down the beat- He caught it 1 No matter what happens, if grave or if gay, WVhether lasting a week, or if lasting a day, With a sigh of content (?) I can generally say I caught it 1 Now I went on the stage just to warble a song-- I caught it I It wasn't too short, and it wasn't too long- I caught it I I sang in my sweetest and prettiest style, But the audience hissed me, and in a short while From the "gods" came a "token," and right on my " tile" I caught it! I was mashed on a girl that lived just up the streot- I cneleht it! I thought to converse with the darling a treat- I canght it I One day I proposed that we quickly should wed, But her uncle replied to the question instead; In his hand he'd a cudgel- It need not be said I caught it ! One day I lay musing on things in the park- I caught it I 'Twas in the gay summer: the heat was no "lark "- Icaught it I was quietly thinking, when suddenly I Felt a tickling sensation my ear just by; I turned round at once and discovered-a fly I I caught it! T. Rorsrox, Jarrow. ENIGMAS. 22.-What am I P Pray tell me When 1 fairest am to see; Naught 1 owe to human care For adorument-sun!ight, air, Rain, and snowflakes, cloudy gloom, Plying all their giant loom, Weave my garniture of green, Spangled bright with silver sheen. If through love of sordid gain Rule o'er me thou shouldst obtain, Let no word from Scandal's tongueo Near me, or 'twill do thee wrong. Let no pressure tax my strength Rudely, lest I fail at length; Flaws suspected in me scan, For, like fairy talisman, I might break, and bring to thee Dire distress and misery. Yet may children on me play, Laughing, any summer's day; Yea, aud humming insects rest Cradled on my fostering breast. C, husxn. 23.-I lived in shell Before I fell; There I was found Upon the ground. Tuey picked ma up And cat my head; They baked me then Till I was dead. a. W. IAdoa. META-OMEGRAP~IM (Change the ftrst and test letters of a word to form another word.) %2,-E-se and Shamrock !-happy union- Stand before you, lance in hand, And would ask akindly greeting From the famous " Tourney" band. Are we welcome to the " Tourney "- We, the Briton and the Celt ? Poets from two wedded countries, We like sympathies have felt. Hope we, sirs, by honest labour Firstl to gain a worthy place; And though we may meet reverses, They'll be ones with no disgrace. Queen of riddlers, bid us welcome- Grant a place among your train; And, ye knights and merry maidens, Two next strangers don't disdain. Rosa AND SisarnocK. REVERSIONS. IA word which read backward forms anothal word.) 25.-There is a word of letters three Spells object of utility BRead backwards, it points forcibly To over-much loquacity. MARIE ZibmrRaeNn. 36.--A portion, you will find, myjrst does moanu; Reverose me, and a vehicle is seen. I HAanrs, Sten~nr.y,
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word., 27.-Pray listen unto me While I mention unto you Upon the strict Q. T. Something no one else must know, About an incident that happened But a little while ago. It wse n n Derby D.ay, And I rathei first to go; The sun was bright and gay, And I had a donkey, so Off I trotted to the lderby, But a little while ago. A gentleman was there With a little table-so, And upon it, I declare, Threa cards lay in a row So I drew towards the table, But a little while ago. "Now, you have to find the king," He was saying, soft and low; " It's a very simple thing, As every one must know." And I staked my fnal sovereigu, But a little while ago. It did not look so hard As they all lay in a row, So I just picked up a card- " That's the king," I said. " Oh, no," He smiled; "the king wras there, sir, But a little while ago." It seems a dream, and yet That sovereign had to go; But I can ne'er forget, If I live for ever, how I was taught that great three card trick But a little while ago. ROaBERT LE DIABLE. TRIPTICH. (L'se two \ordis, nnd form a third word of the last syllable of the tirs: and ts first syllable of the frst slbl h Triptich. . 82.-Adversity, tyrant! went roaming one day, ALd encountered cold Fate, alone, in his path; Who sharpened his weapons, envenomed his wrath, And directed him whither fair Hope shed no ray. " Ah, ah I" shrieked the despot, " I vanquish the weak- I shrivel his features and whiten his cheek; But, oh, my strength fails me, I murmur and pine, When Hope, my sworn foe, lends an ear to his whine. When she lists to his pleading, his woes to relate, I'm robbed of my victim, deprived of my power; All fruitless my efforts to enter her bower, When he fearless becomes, and prindsl to Fate. First Word. Out in the stilly night, In a churchyard ling'ring,. Whilst birds in eager flight Far away are winging, Stands a youth in thought immersed, Knoweth he no fear nor first. Second Word. I'm dying ? Well, I know it, Jack; Be kind unto your toother; I make my will, I add my next, Andi leave all to your brother. V. D. TAYLOn, WarrlPiefn METAG RAMS. (Chsanre the first letter of a word to form another word.) 29.-" Chirrup I" beside the fire A voice ne'er seems to tire; Through the lonely night it riogeth When all is still and dark- By the last dying spark A first knell it sweetly singeth. The birds sing all day long- Their langauage is a song; And next, when chilly night doth fall, The cricket takes the strain With " Chirrup!" yet again, Echoing from every hearth and h i l, In the cold north country The old wives prophesy, Whene'er that merry voice is heard, That death will early come To some one in that home, And fears awaken at their word But with these old wome / All is of bad omen, And most of all what's heard at night ; As solemn whooping owl, And raven croaking foul- These most the old wives' fears excite. From the lone midnight gloom Those merry chirrups come To cheer and brighten all who hear; 1 So in our darkest day Some little voice may say, "Chirrup I-cheer up ! the light is near." J. W, TAYLOR, Middlesborough. 30.-The rising sun has brightly burst Upon the hill, and with its jfirst Has raised the mist the moon has nursed All through the night. Now, with its fiery finger beckoned V Unto the placid river, second, As though its third could ne'er be reckoned, AU through the morn. As downward sank the sun, the wrath Of furious wind broke in the north, And loudly shrieking did it fourth Into the night. S, MIIOLLS, Birmingham. . -S~ .--r'-