RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPTICH.
O wrords. fnd forms third word of the last syllable of the se tw hirsta soid the nrst syllble oi the secolidlj Triptich. 1,-In the gloaming I've been roaming, Where the grass is wet with dew; Plucking roses, Making posies With the flowers of varied hue. Perfumed breezes fan the air, ,U Nature's fairest forms" are there. First Word. On the highways, Through the byways, They are found where'er we go; In the city Asking pity, Pouring forth their tales of woe. Aged and youthful, bold and meek, Sympathetic helpers seek. Second Word. 'Tis a county In a country Where the glorious mountains high, Mind enriching, Soul bewitching, Scorn the earth, and woo the sky; While the scenes on all around Full of poetry abound. MARION AND EDIT5. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrativeo.l 2.-Do you remember, Florrie dear, That quiet old country lane Where we first parted-you itnfear, And I in rage and pain ? And do you recollect, dear Flo, That bright and starry night When I asked you, my dear, you know, If you would " make it right " ? And don't you recollect how we- You must remember this- Determined friends again to be, And sealed it with a kiss? And don't you recollect when I Climbed up Jim's apple tree, And you stood underneath to try The ripe ones just to see ? And don't you recollect how Jim Espied me perched up there, And how I shook in ev'ry limb ? And, ah I how Jim did swear I Then how he clambered his old tree Until he held me tight, Then brought me down and " walloped" mne, And filled you with affright? But we were children then, dear Flo, And had but childish ways; But we each day did older grow, And years grew out of days. I'm getting old, and taller now- 'Near head and rhoulders 'bove you; But still, my dear, I find, somehow, That I, my dear-I love you. And-and I want to ask you, dear, If you just think that you Could love this clumsy fellow here Just ike you used to do. J. C. COLLIER, -How d'ye do ? How are you ? Thought I'd bade you adieu ? Good day, ye fair ladies; good day, ye bold knights. It, ah, your looks show me that none of you know me, And that all here second me o'erstepping my rights, aaddressmg you thus with such shocking hilarity, ech frightful sangfroid, and such famili-arity; Therefore my duty is now to explain. early two years ago, I must let you all know, Iwrote my last con., to our cherished R. T., d somehow or other, I ne'er wrote another Till at primal; ah, let not the Waste Paper B. -im this con, for its own, its legitimate prey I really I fear that 'twill be a long day Ere I with another inflict on you pain. el1, now I am glad, where before I was sad, Por acon, I shall have which I'll send up this day ' our own " Riddle Tournament," and though not an ope to its columns 'twill soon find a way. sl, yeu'll soon find me out, if I'm not shortly done, or ou'll say, " Such weak rhyme can come forth but from one Whose duty is now to conclude, and remain, GUNNER B., Hove." 1lhow that of late I've deserted the " T.," But excuse me; Ssure when I offer a tangible plea You'll excuse me. ooontry I've lately been travelling o'er, ats seen many sights that I'd not seen before, I'e thus been unable to send cons. galore, So excuse me. thenceforth to the "Tourney" I'll be strictly true- [ t Not excuse me ; Same shbrl be hidden no more from your view, So excuse me. ait down and write off a dozen odes now; etrow e .ions ones to your sight, though, I'll nas nmatter I In time I shall beat David Gow- But excuse me. re I depart, I a word have to say, uot the So excuse me, those who write for the "Tourney" to-day; Now excuse me. earion Taylor's an excellent queen; t'er Bat am er-pon us (now, riddlers, I mean to hunt for that pun-it's not easily seen), So excuse me. of great magnitude Fred. Wallis is, hnowshow t So excuse me; o write, and he knows well his "biz," how Now excuse me. Sonle d a certain knight boldly declare lser~ool had not of fame a fair share, Ba wls mongst her riddlers a bard called E. -,ba . t There, excuse me. if this con.I now bring to an end, inwardl-l t ou'll excuse me, -7 trust that no more I shall send, "] With And excuse me. -'e such a phalanx of talent as "T." Id mla h t not that you all could be Sthe rhymeter () whose name now you see; But excuse me. T. RoYsOo, Shefield. 1*N CONUNDRUM. " teoh, Yong Folks riddlers, young and old, Whis awij - e, I humbly beg, Tile I you a con. unfold : " sa regr like an eg~P o .ls
METAGRAMS, (Change the frst letter of a word to form another word. 6.-The harbour is empty and silent- The fishers have sailed with the tide, And over the darkening waters The pier lights fall streaming and wide. Gracefully over the bar A sail through the twilight is gliding, Toned 'neath the pale evening star, Whose beacon her lone path seems guiding. This morning I posted a message To somebody over the sea, And deemed an aerial bearer My means of transmission should be; Sighed for a carrier-dove To mount on the breeze at my pleasure, Bearing its burden of love To lay at the feet of my treasure. I first, now, does second fair vessel My transmarine message convey; She looks so suggestively dove-like, Breasting the watery way, Mounting from hollow to crest, By perils of night undefeated, Seeking nor finding a rest Till journey and task be completed. Onward, dove-errant, and carry My thoughts in your venturesome flightb Through glorious sunbursts of morning, And rapturous softness of night; Sailing by tropical isles, Where death 'neath the beauty lies hidden, Braving the sirens' sweet wiles Which follow your passage unbidden. The pale evening star has grown brighter; But, ah I my fair vision has flown- Has vanished away in the distance, And left me to third all alone. I know not what flag she was wearing- What nature or build she might be; But I hops 'tie the carrier bearing My message far over the sea. AnY BOEHMER, 7.-I'm sitting alone in my room, With one or two things first for thought ; The silence, the deepening gloom Impress me, I think, as they ought; Still, brooding's depressing, or worse, So I'll write you a " Tournament " con.; You "may " find something last in my verse As you read further on. I'm sitting alone in my room, As I said when I started to write, And you're waiting (or so I presume) For something descriptive and bright. The clouds send along through the sky, Sure sign of a tempest anon; The night-winds convulsively sigh, And- But read further on. Cold winter is laid in the tomb, The spring has arrived in her car; The flowers are beginning to bloom- At least, I imagine they are; For, really, 'tie chilly to.night, And Luna looks weary and wan; But of her nothing new can I write, And so- Read further on. The poet's a person for whom The public should have a regard; But, no 1-did I bear Big Ben boom Twelve o'clock ? Yes I Oh, well, this is hard. And, there I've upset all the ink, And Musa has hurriedly gone; But you'll find something better, I think, If you read further on I ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 8.-Wake up, Maggie, from thy slumber- Wake up, tuneful Maggie D. I Ne'er did Musa thee encumber, But inspired thy heart with glee. Rouse up, Maggie-break dull silence; Let thy music once again Charm us like the dulcet violon's Sweetest art-effected strain. Maggie, when the spring was blooming, Of its beauties rare you sang, Cheering those where clouds were looming, Till their hearts with joyance rang. Maggie, now the summer's waning, Soon its flowers will all be gone; Whilst thou yet of Nature's training Hast not sung the love of one. Last, then, Maggie, cease refraining: Though the days are fair and bright, Sadness will first hearts be straining; Maggie, strive to make them light. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery,. 9.-He loved her with a deep, true love, He lived for her-she was his own. But cruel Death came by one day, And bore the maiden fair away, And left him in the world alone. He loved her with a lasting love, And now he gazed upon her-dead, Silent now the voice first tender, Hid fromsi ght her blue eyes' splendour, Pale the lips once vivid red. He loved her with undying love, For him all pleasures now were o'er; So, pitying him, Death came again, And bore him from a world of pain, - Last meet her on a brighter shore. MAUDE DOUGLAS. 10.-Beneath the oak's enticing shade I lay, And marvel greatly. Who has not Within their brief existence dared to own That in their greatest solitude-alone- They have, unwillingly, but still forgot To marvel at the thoughts theirfirst convey P In winters cold my stormy next prevail O'er regions bleak. Then mighty fleets Are scattered with their violence Upon the ocean's breadth immense ; And each great wave with fury beats 'Gainst battered hull and shattered sail. Though birds sing gaily in the trees above, I silent grow. My musing heart Last not its balm in speech, But bringeth hope to teach The wearied spirit of the better gart, The sweets of patience, and the joys of love. ExcELSIOR. 11.-It was a lovely moonlight night in May, The streets were deserted by all, save A rural policeman, fjrst handsome and gay, Who proved himself a hero brave. He walked with a firm and youthful step O'er the cold and dewy stone; By neither friendt nor foe was he met- In his glory he reigned all alone. But, hark I What is that? I fancy I heard A feminine scream, and near to this place; But peeler, more wary, had flown like a bird- I'll endeavour his footsteps to trace. I soon o'ertook him, close to the water, And there I espied (most sad to relate) A poor, wretched smuicide (madness had caught her). We nst to the rescue. Alas I it's too late! F. Ensas, London.
DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 12,-No sweeter woman breathed in prayer, Or raised her voice in heavenly praise, Or tried to lessen others' care With kindly words and loving ways, Than she whose inward life is fair, Who brightens dark and gloomy days. No startling beauties catch the eye Of features frst in perfect mould, But beauties in her true heart lie, Which hourly one by one unfold; And she can teach us how to die With radiant hope and courage bold, She is not wealthy, to bestow: Her gold in free and reckless style; But go to her in bitter woe, And she will soon your woe beguile. Yes, she will soothe your grief, I know, And turn the sad look to a smile. God gave her, not a handsome face, But, next of all, a lovely heart; Instead of wealth, He gave a grace That ne'er is gained by worldly art. And so she fills her earthly space, And acts a sweet and loving part. EDITH K. RENDLE, 13.-Yestreen I sauntered tae the fair Wi' pouches tim and heart gie sair; But for the shoos I didna care A fig-no' me. Wee Tam, a laddie at the schule, Wis spen'in' money like a fule; And yet he didna ken the rule- The rule o' first. He asked me if I'd hae a shoo. Says I, " 0' that I've had enon'.'" I could bhe punched him on the mon' And blacked'his e'e. At first I thoobht I'd hae a greet, Then wondered if I wadna meet A frien' wha'd gie me something sweet Tae gaun the last. J. BODEr, Glasgow. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. The hnalletters. as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 14.-All hail to the summer! The season so gay, When children are romping i In new-made hay; While others do gather Thefirst last that grows, Of a delicate colour, On green hedgerows. Now up from the haycocks, And out from the rye, The larks, warbling sweetly. Mount into the sky; Now jubilantly singing, As though to proclaim All folks should be happy When summer doth reign. Cross Words. 'Tis here when snow is on the ground, .: And skating is the rage; When little birds are better off Imprisoned in a cage. Were I to hint at something in a very distant way, 'Twould be, I think, a second, so some at least would say. The trees, with all their wealth of leaves, Make shade for many a bird ; But when the summer days are past, They'll quickly then be third. No doubt you've heard him spoken of as being quite a fool; And often is he made to stand upon a wooden stool. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Cross Words. 15.-She was the fairest that ever I knew, And this sweet name she bore. And this, my friend, will be said of you When come the years threescore. He's reckoned this who doeth kind deeds; Sign of a kingly heart. And this oft our upward path impedes, And brings us many a smart. Ah, this is mighty, and must prevail, Crush it howe'er you may. And this is a man who holds a sale And gives all things away I A body this that never had breath, And never yet was seen. He who meekly went to a cruel death- An injured king, I ween. And last a people of wondrous fame- A nation brave and free. Foundation Word. The primals will show a pretty name That speaks of constancy. C. MITCHELL, Keswick. Foundation Words. 16.-The name of a riddler Who absent has been From the " Tourney's " columns In these words is seen. Gross Words. The captain stood on my first and said, "A ship in distress I see ahead." From up on high my second descends, And soon his prey to pieces he rends. From third a riddler of fame doth hail Who often writes for the " O." a tale. From my fourth a nipping wind does blow, And sometimes with it a little snow. My fifth is a riddling lady's name Who in the "Tourney" has won great fame. My last the name of a riddle shows ; And now, my friends, it's time to close. It. CANDLIN. Foundation Word. 17.-For he's a jolly good fellow, Which nobody can deny. Cross Words. When every pleasure fails to cheer, This steals upon us all, I fear. An aotion-a thing that is done, I express; My four little letters I leave you to guess. No doubt if you ate treated thus, You'll take it so and make a fuss. A bulbous plant that throws a pretty flower To find it do not take an hour. A waning empire this will name, Whose sons once gained a world-wide fame. Dancing, sparkling, rippling along, Haste onward, seems its urgent song. SYNTA. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a motagram, decapiintion, doele- tion. and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 18.-An article well known to you- In every house 'tis seen Behead, transpose, and then you'll view An oft.heard name, I ween. fHeerr, Chester.
S MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 19.-'Twas a bright spring morn in the land of Yum All nature was pleasantly gay, When brave Caller On led the sweet Bee Gum To his tent in bridal array. He had long been bent on having a wife, Which Bee Gum consented to be; And Bee Gum's papa, avoiding all strife, Blessed both as he sat 'neath a tree. Caller On was bold as a tiger grim, And handsome as nigger could be; And few of the Yummites could equal him, So noble and fearless was he. His manly form was well painted and greased, A row of scalps hung round his waist; And all the guests were exceedingly pleased To see him arrayed with such taste. Bee Gum the fair was a smiling-faced belle, As meek as a daisy in spring; And quickly did Caller Ou weave the spell Of love o'er this dear little thing. She knew Frst pride, though her family name Stood high on society's scroll; And her great-grandmamma, a worthy dame, Was child of the mighty King Cole. The last was tied, and the thrice-happy pair Delighted the crowd with their smiles; And great was the joy, for many were there Who'd willingly travelled for miles, They sang and danced in the merriest way To the sound of the rolling drum, All bent on enjoying themselves that day When Caller On married Bee Gum. PHILO, Dundee, CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 20.-Between two men Britannia stood, And offered him a prize That should the mark twice nearest hit- In fact, make two bull's-eyes. One was a merry first, so bold, Who hand and eye were true; The other was a soldier brave, Who his best meant to do. " Now, ready next," Britannia said, " Prepare to take your aim, For he who win, doth take the prize, And honour to his name." The first did hit the centre quite, The other did preparo; He the first's bullet out in half. Ah I what a skilful pair I "Again," Britannia cried, "once more. Now, soldier, you begin." He in his turn the centre hit, And made sure he would win. Not so; the other one prepared, And calmly took his aim' And as before the other did, He now did just the same. Britannia smiled, and said, " Bravo I No more you need compete; You both have bravely done to-day, And both have scorned defeat." " Now go your ways; I'll show the world Our flag supreme doth roll; For you can mark the hearts of foes As eas'ly as the wchole." S. B. LAWRENCE. 21.-A boy's Christian name in brief you will Please for the foremost find.; And for the nlext an article Conceive within your mind. For third dictate a bird of prey; And now the whole you view; It's used by the Red Indian as His weapon sure and true. M. P. KELLY, Ballyhaunis. 22.-A substance used for making beer Will plainly in my first appear; For next a vowel I will tell- I'm sure you know the same quite well; If these two are by you combined, An island you will quickly find. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 23.-The poet could not find a theme On which to form a con.; And tired of thinking, did exclaim, " What shall I first upon ?" His brother now these words did hear (A joke they did suggest), And in reply he said, "John, dear, "-,xt paper is the best." W. F. NOLAN, Olonmel. 24.-Amid Cambria's an'iont mountains, 'Neath Wyddfa'e 'itorked head, My primal lie in num'l;, rs vast, Their hues blue, grecon, and red. Change by the runl ; if rightly done, Without a donbt you'll see The Stars and Stripes' wide home, my friends, Across the deep blue sea. AGONISTES. HIDDEN ANIMALS REVERSED. 25.-If low and meek your accents are, You never can come near my star. Oh, yes, Roh has a box of weeds, With which he fortifies his deeds, "As big at suntime as at noon," Were the words said in a swoon. I cannot go directly, but I'll try To wend my way through Clifton Rye. 'Tis wet across the way, dear sire But I will go and poke the fire. A slow ocular and mingling pain Out of me my life did drain. C. F. BLAc&BUEN.