RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. -METAGRAM. No. 1.
O'er the life of a pup I have tenderly watched, And gently I've cherished an infantile kitten. The kitten grew up, and I promptly was scratched; The puppy grew up, and I promptly was bitten. A pair of white mice then I tenderly nursed, But surely no animals' hearts could be harder I For oft in the night, very much to my first, They'd break from their second and pillage my larder. I then kept a ferret, which warfare did third Against rats and mice; but my fondness quite scorning, He killed pretty Dicky, my favourite bird; So I tried him, condemned him, and killed him next morning. And now I've grown fourth with experience bitter; I'm far too wise now to keep animal pets; For ne'er can I keep any kind of a "critter," But what it must bring on me woes and regrets. F. W. BINSTEAD. ACROSTIC. No. 2. Foundation WTord. Each puzzling puzzler at our puzzle " Tournament" Would fain have you observe me in his puzzles, Would like you to declare his con. an ornament- Suggest he wins in all our weekly tussles. But if his con.'s not unto me a creditor, It doesn't matter much what you declare, sir; It wants to lead, and goes before the Editor, And if it's good enough, he puts it there, sir. Cross Words. I'd have you make a note that it's a land Where I am very plentiful, fair Switzerland. We're frequently in India, Where darkies try to tame us; Our name is getting wind here, And at the Zoo we're famous. We're gentlemen who've got so very much wit ; We dare you to get to the bottom of it. I come at morn, I come at night, I'm seldom greeted with delight, And when for years I do not call, You seldom think of me at all. If gold (oh, horrid stuff I) you sadly lack it, sir, I really must object to make your jacket, sir. HEINRICi DER WAHR. DECAPITATION. No. 38. I sod upon a slender first, And gazed around with awe, When far away across the plain A wondrous sight I saw. Upon a next appeared a man Of wondrons.strength and size, And as he walked he shook the ground, And rolled his moonlike eyes. I was dismayed, I could not move- I could not even scream, Until he grabbed me ; then I woke, And found it was a dream. R. GuTr. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 4. I am strolling through the garden On this balmy summer day, And I hear the merry voices Of my little ones at play. There are May, and Fred, and Willie, And-- But hold I whence comes that cry P Are my little ones in danger P Oh, protect them, Thou on high I To my loved ones I run quickly. Are they injured P No, not they. They were frightened by a gander, But have now resumed their play. T. O'Coeona, Kinsale. CHARADE. No. 5. The tempest clouds were rolling dark In wreaths across the sky, The wild winds tossed our little bark From wave to wave on high. We looked in one another's face And mourned our hapless first. Still faster did the waters rise, Until we feared the worst. But yet our captain gave us hope That we our lives might save, And bade us next some planks with rope, And launch them on the wave, And by the bounding billows tossed, Our gallant little band The raging sea in safety crossed, And gained the nearest land. A mighty monster of the deep Procure, alive or dead: The fishes may its body keep, You., riddlers, take the head. And when you all these portions gain, They'll form a lady's name That in our " Tournament" doth shine, 'Mong other.bards of fame. SAnaioca, Armagh. ARITHMOREM. No. 6. Foundation Word. Read primals down, they will recall A personage well known to all. Ere any friend this con. may see, It must have passed his soratiny. Cross Words. 500 and nee An English river all will know; Up in the north its waters flow. 1,050 ,, yue An English town where nails are made; You'll find it now without more aid. 551 ,, cane A northern island bring to mind; Its climate's cold, as you will find. 550 ,, otoe In map of Spain look for this town; There swords are made. Quick I put it down. 500 ,, roe In Germany this river's seen; You'll find it quickly now, I ween. 1 ,, gar A seaport large in Russia view; It surely is well known to you. KINDEnoGARTEN, Dumfries. CURTAILMENT. No. 7. A first was passing down a street, And saw a second crying. "What ails you, gentle boy P" she cried. He said, " My bird is dying." BAurTfr D BEaz. OMEGiRAM. No. 8.' My first's a timid animal Change tail, and bring to view A word that means to injure, Which I iope you never do. Change tail again, and what is this VWe see before nurl eyes ? Another timid animal' Swift as 'the wind he flies. Again change tail, and you will find An 'instrument 'twill be, On which the minstrelsy of-old Discoursed sweet melody. oIoACE W., Brighton.
CENTRAL DELETION. No. 9. Poor first, your course is nearly done; For crimes to you imputed, You will, ere sets the golden sun, Be surely executed. The captive leans upon his hand, And groans aloud in pain; He gazes long upon the land He'll never see again. Oh, look inside this splendid manse, And you will see that there They're having such a lively dance ! My last, I do declare. Please find my first, and then delete A letter from the middle, My last your eyesight soon will meet. And so I end my riddle. F. T. RIDLEY. ENIGMA. No. 10. I'm the toll of the bell and the Indian's yell, The ocean's dull swell, and the funeral knell, And oft unto you a dread secret I tell. I'm the thunder'sloud crash and the swish of the lash, The rain's steady plash, and the racehorse's dash, And I ever am there when you jingle your cash. I'm the piteous cry and the deeply-drawn sigh, With the carts that dash by, and the birds as they fly, And go where you may on earth, still there am I. I'm the tick of the clock and the click of the lock, The crash of the rock and the roar of a shock, And oft with the echo your voices I mock. I'm the bleat of the lamb and the door's heavy slam With the battering-ram, and I'm real, never sham. So, ye riddlers all, tell me now what I am. F. R. CouLsox, Bow. LOGOGRIPH. No. 11. Complete, I mean to overawe; Go through decapitation, I then will be, as you will see, A somewhat near relation. But now behead me and transpose, And you will surely view That I come out, beyond a doubt, A part of bolt and screw. A. J. H. Gavas, Colchester. CURTAILMENT. No. 12. Last night we to a first did go, And bravely trudged through storm and snow; But then, alas I when we got there, R. tripped and tumbled down the stair. G. then cried out, in accents wild, " Show me the next that's hurt, my child." "'Tis nothing," R. said. "Stop your noise, And don't arouse the other boys." GRANT AND RAW. CHARADES. No. 13. When you at breakfast take your seat, My luscious first you often eat, And say, perhaps, "'Tis quite delicious I" But sometimes whiit the tradesman sends Is not so good, then it offends, And you are rendered somewhat vicious. Then, perhaps, to aggravate you more. There buzzing comes your eyes before A plaguy last to tease you. But presently, while walking out, A lovely whole may sport about, And greatly tend to please you. C. A. W. ELDRIDGE. King's Cross. No. 14,. A preposition first will name; A pronoun's last-you know the same; Second's a word of letters three, It is well known to you and me. These parts join total, if you can, sir, I think you'll second then the answer. S. W. HiYas, Worcester. No. 15. My first is what I hope we all are feeling, No care or sorrow in our hearts concealing; My second by the earth's concreting pow'r Is formed, and is to man a useful dow'r. My swhole is of the premier quality, By all admired-to most a cause of jollity. Lucy MULLEN. METAGRAMS. No. 16. Change head eight times, of verbs you'll find just eight; One means to sell; another means to wait ; Third to make crooked ; fourth to get conveyed; To give for some time fifth is quickly made; Sixth is to find one's way; next means to tear; And last, not least of all, means to repair. D. R. O'D., Cork. No. 17. Young Folks, please bring a word to sight Which meaneth simply to unite' Change head, and you will then behold What's made of silver, bronze, and gold; Repeat the process, and you'll scan A certain part of ev'ry man. F. WALLs, Swindon. ACROSTICAL DECAPITATION. No. 18. S ee, clever riddlers, how my first springs forth I H ow quickly my second causes it to sprout ! A ad then we third it and find its real worth, M unch it with zest, and think it'good, no doubt. R est quite assured my next is close at hand O f this, a beverage, I sometimes make use. C on o'er my lines, employ your powers grand, K now that you must no time in solving lose. P. M'CAuL, Dublin. ACROSTICAL NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION, No. 19. F or years, my friend, your cons. I've read with pleasure R eally delighted at their point and wit: E 'en in your little cons., in perfect measure, D id't ever strike you that you made a hit ? G ood gracious I when I think what you've been doing, T aking the lead in Christmas Numbers, too, A m I to blame, dear FED., for sadly rueing Y ou are not my poor self, my poor self you P L eaving the crowd, in poesy you dwelt, O r else with comicality you dealt, B olling'in fun that others never felt. H. C. PrIcE, Sonthwerk.