RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.i
1.--There lived a young man who for running was modelled- His frame was so thin and his legs were so long " While foemen were flying, our hero just " toddled," And set in the race he surpassed all the throng. One morning he said to himself, "I run faster Than all who are living around and about; So now I'm determined to see who is master, By putting my claim to be 'champion,' out." He published his claim, and three Liverpool brothers, Whose wonderful merits were known far and wide, Accepted his challenge; while numerous others Were equally anxious their rights to decide. The challenger, thin as a pole, needed training As much as Newcastle has need to bay coals; But foolishly took the bad first of some waning Old ' ped'-one of those who hung round him in shoals- And therefore decided to make himself lighter . By looking at only-not eating, his food; And as a result he grew thinner and whiter, Till next and as long as a gaspipe he stood. The day of the race came; in gold-tinted jersey The " shadow" arrayed himself, dancing with glee; His foemen-those sons of the town by the Mersey- All wondered however alive he could be. The runners were started; but on, on like lightning In front of the others the skeleton flew; The pace he cut-out all beholders was fright'ning, Till lost in the sunshine the golden streak grew. The judge thought he saw something pass where be waited, But called it a sunbeam, and laughed at his whim; And therefore the second with joy grew elated To find that the prize was awarded to him. 'he skeleton runner for ever had vanished- He never returned for his fairly-won gainsi; Perhaps he ne'er stopped, or perchance he is banished To shores where to race with the lightning he trains. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ 2.-The moon shone bright one beautiful night, When I took my sweet guitar, And sought my love's bower, in the midnight hour, 'Neath the light of many a star. I stood 'neath her casement (it was not on the basement), For an hour and a half, or two, Sweeping the chords with tend'rest words, And vowing my love was true. The door soft sounded, my poor heart bounded, " She's coming to see me, she loves me so I" Then I saw not my love, but, oh, heavens above I! I could swear to her father's toe ! DEMANCHES. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 3.-In the Spring, When the daisies coyly peep with modest grace, Closely round the old-time mem'ry seem my pensive thoughts to cling, While the vision of a tiny baby face Floats before me, and I listen to a prattling, childish voice, And the clasp of baby fingers makes my heart again rejoice; For my thoughts have wandered backward to the joy that had been lent us, When we could not see the future nor the sorrow it would bring; So we first her little Daisy, for our darling had been sent us In the Spring. In the Spring Oh, how merrily the bright days flitted by, When with happy song and laughter we would make the woodland ring Till the echoes seemed to reach the sunny sky I But when Spring had passed, and Summer waned to cold and cheerless days, Oh, our blossom drooped and faded'neath chill Autumn's froward gaze, And our hearts were next with heaviness and gloom As we stole on tiptoe through her darkened room; And we asked ourselves, could Spring without her be the same)' Ah, never I Yet we third our fears and fancies that again she'd laugh and sing In the merry glades and woodlands, and be bright and gay as ever - In the Spring. In the Spring Sorrow stole the brightness of our happy home, For our well-loved little flowret lay pale and suffering, Till the angel spirits gently whispered " Come 1" And so :lovingly- entwined herewith their soft and " -shimmering wings, And upbore her to the regions where eternal sunlight springs. So we laid the empty casket to its rest 'Neath the simple flowers she always loved the best. Now I love to roam the meadows in the mornings fresh and vernal, For the sunshine and the flowers to my mem'ry ever bring The sweet knowledge "that our Daisy rose to bloom in fields supernal S,In the Spring. MARIoN AND AMT. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another ,word.) 4.---Miss Tabitha Tompkins sits alone in her room, "Her vinegar countenance expressive of gloom; To guess what her thoughts are I will not presume-- Please imagine all that for yourself. Miss Tabitha last week prepared to make spruce; Me to help, as a' friend; she tried to induce. Now, how.on earth was I to frame an excuse P Please imagine all that for youiself. I went, got to work (Miss T. longAed to begin it) ; The things were all mixed up in less than a minute. I will spare you the detaif; of all we first in it- . Please imagine all.that for yourself. We madeittoo strong, and i said so at first; Next Miss T. said she liked it quite strong when athirst, Do I need to describe how the bot'tles all burst ? SPlease imagine all that for yourself. So that is the reason:Miss Tabby looks glum; Some folks say she's quite broken-hearted, and.some Now say that prime spruce she's forsaken for-rum I -- But imagine-all that for yourself. S -: -" .; G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. - 5.-If frimal you - - Desire to view, A name for person you must find; - Please change the head; SY:ou#11have instead A word forripeness in your mind. - Chage hg head again; Theire wvill reanain I' - " ... .W inzwbar, 'n*o.-
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The fngl letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 6.-In a primal mood by the stream he stood, With pencil and paper by, Bufthis thoughts took flight when he tried to write; And when he didn't try, They would flow in a train through his seething brain, In a tantalizing way. And the poet scowled with disgust and growled, "No final I see to-day." Cross Words. The gentleman who primals o'er this page Will own that we are wonders of the age. We dash a dozen cons. next in an hour, And after that a hearty meal devour. My uncle intimates that he will third Ie with his estate, yes, upon my word. A canton, situated on the Thur, In Switzerland, as you may all infer. If you are suffering from this, you know That right off for a doctor you must go, A province on the coast of Hindostan- You'll find it if your atlas you will scan. A heathen god, of pleasant mien and tall, Whose skill upon the lyre is known to all. And now our final's over, and we speak The word'yclept "farewell" for one short week. W. D. PICuERIn G AND D. Gow. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 7.-The lightning's flash, the thunder roars, The wind a hurricane doth blow, The rain in torrents downward pours- A night to many fraught with woe. What bark is that flying 'fore the gale T'wards yonder rocks P A dreadful sight I Ah, yes i the oft-repeated tale, " Caught in a first when all seemed bright," But bark and crew are doomed this night. Cross Words. A little word Which names a bird. I wonder what 'tis all about, As " Stop the next I" the people shout. Growing in many a shady bower Just how is next-a pretty flower. The tax.colleotor calls to-day, When I to him my fourth must pay. A female's name Last will proclaim. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 8.-In the first and frosty regions Of the distant Arctic Pole, Where the icebergs float in legions, And the avalanches roll, Where the glaciers move tremendous, 'Neath the clear, star.spangled sky, Lives my next-from whom defend us, Lest he hug us and we die. TROPHONrUs. 9.-Though first the heart when sadly pressed, In dire misfortunes darkest days, If hope inspires the human breast, Like mist before Sol's morning rays, The gloom dissolves, and beauty springs Where fancy saw a dark way lie, That life must pierce with feeble wings, And death the only haven nigh. And when the eye unveiled has been By hope's unerring, peaceful light, The fancy last's from the dark scene To dwell on a celestial sight. And all the world in glory smiles, A smile of joy the winds convey, That from the heart despair exiles, And life pursues its heavenly way. T. NIxox, Dudley Colliery. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.-Oh, bring to me the summer flowers, , Though gone their odour sweet, Gathered first summer's happy hours Beneath the summer heat. The primrose pale from Homewood lea Methinks I gather yet; But never, never bring to me The blue.eyed violet. The violet, the violet Brings back the grief and pain; Oh, still I see her eyes of jet, And hear the glad refrain- The sweet refrain of birds and breeze, The parting of our love. The heart but feels the pain next sees ; She dwelleth now above. Violet clusters in her hands, When last I saw her there, To sail away to foreign lands, With tears and heart despair, Oh, love I the violets, like life, Are dead; and far away, Beyond this vale of care and strife, She dwells in endless day. G. MANYWEATHERS. 11.-Again I stand upon the shore As the waves come tumbling in, Again I hear the breakers roar, With awe.inspiring din; And as the waves roll o'er and o'er, Sad music in my ears they pour. When first Isaw and last the sea, I was of tender age, And how I laughed with childish glee, To see it in its rage I But now sad feelings o'er mesteal- Oh, could I utter what I feell Now, in the stlluess of the night, I watch the sea at rest; For the moon has thrown a chain of light Upon its troubled breast. And, oh, I feel-I feel as'well Within my first the wondrous-spell ! ARCHER B., Kentish Town. DELETION. (Drop aletter from the word chosen, leaving ariother word,)
I met a woman in the street Withchildren two'iipon her knee Both crouching 'neath the wind and tlet. And as Ipassed close by.her side I henad the outcast woman cry; On asking what her trouble was She stammered forth this next'reply, "G o4 sir;" she first, "'my husband's dead- B e.died a little while ago- . Anudisince he's gone I have.to beg, nd:trouble people:witli myy,wQe,. . 4 -friends if only. we wold, think S misery adj i : _ ipel gooQe .* 7* enwi t74
NARBATIVI OMEGEAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 18,-His head was filled with thoughts of Araminta, As to her house he gaily made his way; He knew no care or trouble, for that evening She was to name the coming " happy day. For Rufus was engaged to Araminta-- Had long been; and to.night:he was to cajl, For her to say when they should be united, In spring-time, or the summer, or "the fall." His thoughts were first upon her " lovely " features, The like of which he ne or had seen before, And then upon her curls, so dark and lustrous, At thought of which he loved her more and more. And then her teeth I Ah, teeth like hers were never Before within the mouth of woman placed-, At least, so Rufus thought, as to her dwelling He made his way, with gait of feverish haste. And now the house she lived in was before him,.. And with one bound he reached the garden gate. " For fun I'll through the window look," thoughb Rufus ; " I may p'rhaps catch a glimpse of her, my fate." Unfortunately 'twas the kitchen window Against which, rapturously, he placed his head; For soon he started, yelled, " That girl me marry I" And with a frantic gesture quickly fled. And now let us gaze through the kitchen window: There, by the table, Araminta stands, While at her mouth she wildly fumbles, holding A brilliant set of teeth within her hands. Her head is bald, her curls lie on the table And plainly there her facial "make.up's ' seen And now, my friends, do any of you wonder' 'Why Rufus never more with her has been P T. Ro'rSTo, Birmingham. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 14.--Dear Ed., oh, do not pass me by, But listen to my plaintive cry; I want to join your riddling band, That's known so first throughout the land, I am but young, so be not hard, I'd like to be a riddling bard; To see my con. upon your paper, Would make me cut a lively caper. Upon this rhyme you next not look As fit to enter any book; But yet, 1 know we all must try, So now, dear Ed., I'll say good-bye. F. TAYonR, Birkenhead. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 15.-'Tis of my primal earth is formed, Its rocks, its hills and sands, Whose varied strains, in sections seen, Run down in tortured bands. Oh, who can guess that awful power Which hurled them thus in one short hour P Next ever hides with jealous care Deep in the primal's maze, And if by human handicraft It doth delight our gaze, 'Tis not by choice, but adverse fate ; They sparkle in the crown of state. When crimson war its terror spreads O'er smiling vale and plain, Where golden corn or clovered meads Prove Autumn's here again, For home, for peace, brave soldiers show That with my whole they'll rout their foe. AGONISTES. 16.-My name is Joey Browne, I come from Kentish Town, And hope to figure 'mongst ye as a bard; So stretch a friendly hand, You clever riddling band, And on this young aspirant don't be hard. Here's a con. you can propound, And I think it will be found A rather tiresome one for you to guess; I've called it a charade, But to earn your kind regard, I'll stop before your feelings I distress. Upon my first my last was seen; Without my last no whole there'd be; And often in the olden times, Upon my first my whole you'd see. J. C. BnoWNE, Kentish Town. 17.-I said unto a first of mine, " Come, let us have a walk; And as Young Folks is in your line, About it we will talk." My next sailed o'er the briny deep Unto a distant land, And while below the tars do sleep, The watch on deck must stand. Whole is the tie that nations bind Inperfect unison; It joy and peace brings to the mind, When this grand thing is won. J. PoRTEa, Preston. 18.--I'll start without a preface long and grand, And sitmply say I'm part of every hand. My next is often at a mart or fair; Upon your first my total you may wear. Fizz ANzrAntrZ. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele' tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfeot word after each operation.) 19.-If you'll please your niap look o'er, . Search Arabia's southern shore, This town you'll view. Behead, a place whe. e robbers dwell, And hide their ill-gained spoil as well, Is seen by you. Beverse,,and plainly to your sight,. A boy's name see,.if read aright. - And now, adieu. .Ta UxKNOWN, ., -