RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMA.
1.-Where pellucid streams are flowing In some sylvan solitude, And the charms of Nature glowing, Beautiful, though stern and rude; Far from loud dissent and riot, Where harsh oaths and shouts arise, Do I dwell, a thing of quiet, 'Neath the smiling summer skies. But in many a place which Nature Paints not with her hand divine I am found, for many a creature Shuns man's company for mine; And the lonely, stern ascetic Courts me in his lonely cell, With no creature sympathetic, He, with me, alone does dwell. Many-ah, full many a being For me shuns the harsh world's din, And by such is often freeing His soul from the bonds of sin. And when he (for men of merit, Men of genius, all must die) Dies, I still am with his spirit. Tell me, riddlers, what am I P HARBIaaroN AND M'DoNouen. ARITHMOREM. F1oundation Word. .--'Tis like a river that doth onward flow, And men, like mighty vessels, o'er it glide, Some swift and gaily, others sadly row, Some with and some against the flowing tide. 'Tis like a flower that in the morn doth bloom Down in the vale or on the mountain's crest, That in the evening's slowly-gath'ring gloom Its petals folds and calmly sinks to rest. Cross Words. 61 and nnet Its song it sings In the summer fair; 101 ,, e This winter brings, With its frosty air; 500 ,, fae To vanish from sight; 6 ,, eenng The dim twilight That precedes the night Everywhere. A. ST. J. ADcocx. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMES, Sc-From Ariona's realms of night A dark.winged form descended; Itharo saw the genie's flight, And woe to him portended. "Stay I No rash demon passes there I" He said, as peals of thunder And gleams of lightning filled the air, And rent the clouds asunder. " I am your foe," the genie cried, "And I will mar your power. E'en as your sires by my hand died, You die within the hour I" Itharo drew his gleaming blade, " Vengeance I" then cried he, loudly, And soon the genie low was laid, But still he shouted, proudly : "Diano ne'er will yield to thee I" Then, in a trice, he drew a Strange weapon, and Itharo he Stabbed with this keworious skewer I F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 4.-I'm sure that this riddler deserves A great reputation to gain, For never from riddling he swerves, And I hope that his powers will not wane. His cons. I have often admired, Such skill and such talent they show, And when with ambition I'm fired, I strive in his footsteps to go. Cross Words. This is what we all should do, sirs, Till at length our goal we view, sirs. Next's a gem of value rare, sirs; Soon you'll find the same with care, sire. If to third you'll give attention, 'Twill a boy's name to you mention. If to find it you're ambitious, 'Tis a fruit that's deemed delicious. In the " Tournament " so dear, sirs, IRiddlers fifth do oft appear, sirs. Last a bird you'll please be showing. Now, dear friends, I must be going. S. W. HATES, Worcester, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 5.-See, there he stands I Now, you must own A noble youth is he, And were he formed of wood or stone No calmer could he be. Hark I Now the clarion's notes resound, And now, with might and main, Sir Torrens bears him to the ground- His foeman strives in vain. The gallant victor o'er him stands. " I've won my bride," cries he. "Your sword deliver to my hands, And you shall go scot free." W. D. PICKERnnG. CHARADES. 6.-The dreadful thunder roared aloud, The vivid lightning flashed, Illuminating first as on Through foaming waves she dashed. A last my first will quickly be, For help no one can send; The tempest makes a pause as if Prophetio of her end. J. WALxgn. 7,-I saw my primal next third dream, And, oh, what happiness did seem Her beauteous figure to pervade ! I and my total oft delight To stroll together on a night Adown the green, sequestered glade. M. FABLAwqvs. CURTAILMENTS. 8.-If you my'first would like to know, A square of wainscot it will show; And then my second if you'd find, A sheet of glass just call to mind; A household vessel is my third- Part of a gun-lock, too, I've heard; A parent in my last you'll view, Which ends this con.-therefore, adieu. BRAnaNr DE BEa. 9.-Now take a map of Europe, An island please search out; Curtail, and then a well.known tree SYou'll have, without a doubt. A. H. Panxa. 10.--If first once third himself, I ask, Whatever made him do it P To second self's a foolish task, And he is sure to rue it. T. SroaR. METAGRAM. Il.--I know a vessel, changed of head, Will show a diff'rent word instead; But it is funny that 'twill name SA kind of vessel just the same. Now, riddlers, all you have to do Is bring the vessel to your view. P. WALaS, Swindon. LOGOGRIPH. 12.-A vessel if you do transpose, What I have done it will disclose; But now behead, and there is seen A Saxon privative, I ween. Curtail, and then we may behold The lastof vowels, so I'm told. SJ. SAvAGE, Liverpool.
ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 13.-A lady riddler this will name, Who promises to win great fame. Cross WVords. My master, when at school, did teach Me that this was a part of speech. A land whose fame shall never die, To whom the slave doth ever fly. A quiet, inoffensive beast, On whom the wolf doth often feast. A fragile next did rear its head Beside my window-now 'tis dead. It clung about the ruins old, Of whom such stirring tales were told. A city famed the world around, In bonnie Scotland it is found. Imprisoned in a dreary last, Some creatures strange their lives had passed. B. Ga us. TRANSPOSITION. 14.-I've first in a volume of ancient romance Of a knight who, in olden time, At his fayre ladye's whim, did, with sword and lagne, Set forth for a distant clime, To second each knight Who in deadly fight Would engage, thus proving our warrior's might. And being but mortal, it happened that he On his way met a sweet princess, And so charming and beauteous a lady was she That this gallant knight couldn't do less Than her home escort, And no more he fought, For, alas I to the princess's shrine he was brought. So his ladye fayre waited and watched in vain For her truant and final love, But the fickle knight came not to her again, For he'd wedded Princess Prettydove. And this legend, I pray, Will a moral convey To the ladies and knights of the present day. NELxI C., Bow.. CHARADE. 15.-The wind was raging o'er the sea, The night was dark as dark could be; A stout ship drove before the gale, Under bare poles, without a sail. Nor did the captain his course know, It was so dark from sleet and snow. But, see I a twinkling first appears, And soon it quells his awful fears; He knew that from my whole it came, And those he blessed who made the same. And now he soon a port did find, Where they were safe from waves and wind. The next day, in a pleasant last, He cheerily told of danger past. GIasavDD.. DECAPITATIONS. 16.-Implement of husbandry; Quick I lop off its head, What was used in warfare once You will view instead. BLucEsa, Dumfries. 17.-Whole, a kind of door am I, And very oft I'm seen; Behead, and you will then descry What you've oft done, I ween. HAYEs AND STOEzS. 18.-" Oh, I'm so first you've lost your pet I" A next was gaily crying. " Oh, see," he cried, with joy and pride, "How far the bird is flying I" M. L. RAw, Bradford, REVERSION. 19.-These first are pleasant things to eat, And many deem them quite a treat; But next, when you have found its name, Is aught but pleasant, you'll exclaim. ALEX. S., Glasgow. SQUARE WORDS. 20.-A crowd had gathered in the village street, A foremost wondrous proving such a treat, T'..at round they gathered, old and boist'rous young, While from the platform clown its praises sung. " I next," said one, "that when it will be third, It will quite equal the description heard." The hour arrived, and in they gaily last, And to the cashier paid they as they passed; They saw an ass that Wellington once rode, And skeleton of a monkey and a toad, Napoleon's hat, a ball from Waterloo, An elephant stuffed, that once lived in the Zoo, A Maori's weapon and an Indian spear, A coat that Nelson at Trafalgar did wear, And other queer things-yet am bound to say, That all the audience disappointed last away. P. M'CALL., Dublin. 21.-Wicked or bad my first doth mean; This metal very oft you've seen; A title's next, you know it well; Thus last my square, so, now, farewell. HAYES AND PExsTBIDE. TRA NSPOSITION. 22.-Dear Lou, can I live to forget thy fond greeting, Thy bright, sunny first that was only for me, Thy sweet, modest blushed, betrayed at our meeting P No, love; all my thoughts are for ever with thee I Though thousands of nexts may for ever divide us, Though oceans keep rolling and roaring between, Though all look severely, and loftily chide us, I'll still recollect that the old days have been. 'Tis sad that for ever we're ruthlessly parted, But yet such sweet thoughts are to as ever dear. Since the day on my travels so sadly I started, My love for thee, darling, was ever sincere. Hold hard, Master Tom ! That's enough of it, Harry We are not so deeply in love as all this- Besides, it's such nonsense. We don't want to marry, Blow Lou and her love, and connubial bliss I PnICE AND KITcxwa . CURTAILMENT. 23.-In first a well.known fruit you'll see; But please this to curtail, A kind of pulse it then will be. You'll see this without fail. R. THoMAs. ENIGMA. 2.-I'm not in youth, or manhood, or age, But in infancy ever am known; I never dwell with the fool or sage1 Though I am mentioned in historyls page, I always am greatest alone. E. J. WEoHT.