RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. IETAGRAMS.
g the first letter of I waro to form another word.) 05hnbeles sat in his amethyst chair, gephOais5de stood a cask of his favourite wine, Bylp ti veIled over his "physog " so fair, A shis lurid red nose with delight seemed to shine. And ie Oddsbodikins !" quickly he cried, G-dde-obs and Mafoi! and the rest of it; dere e visitors coming; I hear them outside; There on voisto beginning--the best of it." The curtain ws b8rimal, then entered a throng, The iar friends in the " Tourney," Wmo hod come from above at the summons, and long They'll remember th t terrible journey. There were pYilo and Jo-King (King Arthur of old), Jr. Marshall the final and pleasant, Siowatha and Ivanhoe, brilliant and bold, - d. iss " Jeannie" Watson, of Cheshunt. eon Marion telephoned quickly to say QShe could not come to the excursion; She had all her business at home, so that day She should leave all the talking to Mercianu. peafed out with importance, he came with a strut, Gave a hee.haw designed to be jolly, Attempted to pass through the tapestry, but- He'd forgotten our three-headed collie ! For Cehberus spied him, and two of his jaws Muads straight at poor Mercian's figure; And when he escaped from those terrible maws, His costume was scarcely "a rigue utr." Blasl the proud Mercian lay low ni the dust 'Mid our three-headled nightingale's ravages; And he'll ne'er, save in case of e.Mercian-cy, trust Himself in the hands of such savages. M{iss Nellie came through with her D'Arc-ening eye, And Jeauee-d in the chorus of laughter, While Miss Mephistopheles, happening by, Hau fits for a year or two after. Oh, great was the fall of the mighty in name ! And Warwick at last met his master ; For hlie's Woarwic-corn plaster all over his frame Ever since that sad night of disaster. Proud Mlercian has gone where the wicked may rest, He has passed o'er the Stygian river; Tough warm is his kingdim, it must be confessed That the sight of a dog makes him shiver. You say that I'm leaving our bards in a mons, The Clans Lambeth, and ltlasetew, and Clieshunt; -- ill, when I came away by the special express They were "pretty well, thank you, at ,ir+seint" I ionUET LE DIADULE., -She sat, tears falling o'er a dying flower, Too like the love that such a gift bestowed fancied constancy and brighter hour, When, as if from the angels' far abode, A strain of music on the clear air flowed, ;eet a; the songs made in the higher heaven, u'ertaking first upon the earthly road, dacalm blessing to her soul was given, hile other dying thoughts of love away were driven. face, not eyes in living faith outshone The thought of transient love, looked in her face : them she read he truth, that only one Can love, while others may usurp his place; New hope and faith their arms seemed to embrace, hhdf vows went to the sky with clearnes ringing, And happiness filled all the earthly space: vemay be known and lost, but ::ew love bringing e lifea sunny day and hearts a place of singing. 'ow sighs are strangers to the happy heart, For snmmer's in her life, and life is love; olife the su great glorious rays impart, And all that happens now comes but to prove That nothing can the sweets of love remove; rier onward in its calmness flowing a ike hbr life; in moo dow and in grove oammer song is in its fulness growing, d in her peaceful heart the sun of bliss is glowing. douws may come and go in eventide, And blot the glowing footsteps of our sun, twhile still there love's shiniing orbs abide, Day and the night, the light and dark are one e; The streams of their twined lives in sweetness run; hesd the time when in the woodland straying, When tight falls calmly as the day is done, te'sfondest servants are their steps waylaying, lives of crowning peace the future is displaying. IVANHOE, Belfast. 1-The blue sky with white clouds is flecked, The birds warble sweetly to.day ; The hedges with hawthorn are decked In the laue where so often we stray. Oh, hasten, dear first, and we'll go Across the green meadow again, Where the scent-laden breeze whispers low, And the lark chants a joyous refrain. Oh, there's not a moment to last; The shadows of evening are now lfar o'er the bright waters cast, And over the dark mountain's brow. Oh, hasten; away we will hie, And talk of our love in the larie, Where the trees shade our eyea from the sky, And silhuce supremely loth reign. WILD BIRIAn, Lamplugh. 1'ma lnight ! I'm a knight ! and I've come here to fight' An l mcay as first last you that that's my delight. Ar lack'em De Junggins, the Yankee, has said Hti s ready to punch any riddling bard's head. A lck'em, to you I now throw down my gage. ge nil " kick up a row," won't we ? when we engage. r'a saucepanr for helmet, its lid for my shield, I imreadv and willing to die 'fore I yield. I y hmndis a broomstick-a true, trusty blrlRe- Id non Sir Le Julggins, do you feel dismayed ? Wolf,, anyhow, chappie, let's have your reply, lad if you accept, well-prepare then to die. SIR MARMALADE THE MILDEWED. S NARRATIVE METAGRATI . eirst letter of a word is changed, to form 'nother word in the narrative.l trose Nellie,you're a "caution," I must sadly here ueePthat sy exclamation will not give to you dis- e noted in these pages as a riddler keen and "eiyou I felt honoured when you kindly mentioned Otere in error, mistress, when you said Jo-.King ;felt quite astonihed that you made so poor a 4i n seein my poor verses any of friend Jo's bright it i only be one ansiver-that is, "Not the slightest ltbank you, howe'er, Nellie, for the praises you luer ery hemble servant who is known here as CONUNDRUM. Decree. w-To write a con. is my intent Suipposed to bI a shiter P
DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.-'Twas a year and a day since bold Sir John had summoned his vassal band, And said to his wife in a casual way, " I'm off to the Holy Land." Since then he had roamed through Neustria's realms and Asia's deserts blea:k, He had slaughtered the heathen Saracens at a hundred or so per week; And when he had found that the food in camp with his stomach didn't agree. lHe had caused a nice, boiled Saracen's head to be served as afternoon tea. But when his vassals had next been slain, and his money was nearly spent, He put some shells in the brim of his hat, cut a good, stout stick, and went. Sir John has travelled many a day, in many a danger been, And oft in strange and distant lands had sights of wonder seen; But now in England once again, all scenes of peril past, Before his old ancestral first Sir John stands safe at last. In guise of palmer, old and worn, he neared the castle gate, There were sounds of mirth in the hall within; lights shone, though the hour was late; No sentries paced on the castle wall-it puzzled Sir John, I wis, And he said to himself as he pulled the bell, " What on earth is the meaning of this ?" But he stood at last in the festive hall, and his wonder greater grew As he g-zed around on the joyous scene and the careless, mirthful crew. None knew his lord as he silent stood, and made nor stir, nor sign, And he only said, when they asked his name, "One late from Palestine." But why does he clutch his pilgrim's staff ? and why does his cheek grow wan ? What does he see at the table's head ? Is he mad ? Are his senses gone ? Can he trust his eyes? And yet, alas i it is-it must be true- There sit, all clad in bridal garb, his wife and his cousin Hugh With whirling brain Sir John has turned, and just found breath to say To a squire who sat at the table ne tr, " What meanoth this, I pray ?" "Dost thou not know ? Sir John," he said, "has been away so long, His wife and vassals think him slain, and hold it not a wrong That she should take another spouse; and, therefore, as you see, To-night the Lady Eleanor will wed Sir Hugo Lee." Was it a smile of joy that stole o'er the stricken warrior's face? Did the puzzled look on his countenance to a gladsomo grin give place ? What did they hear as he rushed away through the dark- ness of the night ? It was a chuckle of heartf,:lt joy, and a cry of "Serve him right !" CUTurnens. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drov the first letter of a word, lenv:s nanother word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-Across the mere do the night-winds blow, Afar in the fields do the cattle low; The river winds through the marshes slow, And the tall grass-heads in the meadows bow; The plovers plaintive and weirdly call, The peacocks cry near the lonely hall; The white swans sail o'er the quiet lake, And the screaming owls do the woods forsake: The wild bats flit through the stilly air, The brown fox creeps from his hidden lair; The nightjars shrill from the firry spray, And the moon makes night like a mellowed day; Adown the mere glides the lover's boat, Like ghostly veils do the light mists float; The stars shine out with a lustre bright, As the church clock tolleth the hour of night. Luccijens. NARRATIVE DOUBLE METAGRAM. (Change the two first letters of a word, to form another word ex- pressed i. i the narrative.) 9.-If I were inclined to be witty or funny, 'Twere easy, very easy: And if I would rhyme on in words full of honey, 'Twere easy, very easy. I might if I wished sing the pleasures of eating, Of singing, of loving, or maybe of meeting The girl of my heart with the fondlest of greeting: 'Twere easy, very easy. Suppose, then, I wished to become an inventor, 'Twere easy, very easy; Impose on our Ed. as a rhyming tormentor, 'Twere easy, very casy. I might if I choose talk of " Tournament" pleasures, Its knights and its dames, its melodious measures, Wherein we're oft finding poetic treasures: 'Twere easy, very easy. To enter these lists and become a brave knight Is easy, very easy; To those who have genius, and those who are bright, 'Tis easy, very easy. But to rise to the top of this riddling ring- Though good you may rhymeo and sweetly you sing-- You'll find, gentle reader, this task not a thing So easy, very easy. H. BETHELL, South Hampstead. C IARADES. (Formed on a word each sylllhble of which is a word.) 10.-We live to love. What joy the thought impels To cross our hearts susceptil,le and tender. We live to love! and this admission tells What 'lis we love-each one the other gender. Can we our destinies define or choose the goal Intended and arranged for us by Fate or whole? We live to love ! But what is loved oft lies In hidden depths of dispositions solemn; What some kind folk revere in truth defies All calcnlation, and would fill a column. But yet I pondir, aud decide 'tis niot the worst That they should seek so many aims to struggle fist.s. I live to love All maidens young and fair, And wish no more than to receive caresses. Say, can you chide me if I thuswise dare To say I love bright eyes and streaming tresses P And then their voices sweet, so full of iuexlt and swing- Oh, think and tell me, friends, if this be not tho thing. I live to love Objects to palate neat, And articles admitted to be tasty; Give me 'fore aught a culinary treat, As tender lamb, spring chicken, veal, or pasty. My tastes are fickle ? That, dear friends, may not be wrong; But where I love, you may be sure my love is strong. THs BLACK PRINCE, Manchester. S11l.-Thet day was hlot; the first was high, No cecosid could Iflnd, Aniun msch to my veratios, I had left may skole bhind. CAton.INE HoLLOWAT,.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Could half of the gossip and gabble of fools Be analyzed, freeing real sense from the "bosh," We should find much as solid as vapours and smokes, e And little of reason and truth that would "wash." Whilst "three at a time" we should mount Progress's stairs If we'd just mind our own, and not others', affairs I e The " gammon and spinach " of talkative tongues, The scandal that's printed each week by the ton, The paper and ink and the breath of weak lungs Make most of the " weight" when all's finished and v done. If their jaws took a rest and got rid of their wares, They'd have time to attend to their own affairs ! The tirade political, endless and loud, r May fan all the " sparks " to a flame or a fire That often has kindled the wrath of the crowd, r Though most of the " wind" is the bombast of ire. They'd lighten indeed the great weight of our cares If they'd meddle less often in others' affairs. Could some stock their "nuts" with their own concerns, 'Tis safe to assert they'd be thrown on the rack, From the shame that reproaches, the conscience that burns, And some "nuts" from literal fulness would "crack;" And a battle of baldness ensue 'twixt their hairs Through troubling their heads with their own affairs! The flighty virago, redoubtable foe, r The pest of the household, the scourge of the home, Has always a cargo immense of the " go," And her loaf of contention ne'er lessens a crumb; Yet she might cease her "music," her discords and " airs," And attend to her private domestic affairs ! Our tongues to do wagging were given, 'tis said; We're doing our share, and we're all'neath the ban 8 (Save those that cease wagging and ponder instead) Of saying a deal, to do all that we can To lessen life's troubles and point out life's snares, And we cannot mind always our own affairs ! V. D). TAYLORI AND Jo-KIGs. 13.-John Thompson is a butcher's boy Who lives by constant killing, And sells deal livers by the score To liveried servants willing. 'Tis meet his meat should meet the tastes Of people poor and wealthy, For ne'er a spiteful cat'll say His cattle are not healthy. He cuts a, shine by selling lights To countesses and cottars; And daily in the market-place Horsemen will buy his trotters. He is not jocular, and so No Irish ball can cow him, Yet quickly he'll re-veal his calf, If you will but allow him. His venison is somewhat dear, But deer are oft expensive- A lamb-entable fact is this, With forests so extensive. He never sees a fly fly by But straightway he'll pur.suet, And steak a pound that fly he'll chop, Then seize an axe and do it. Beef-ore he'll hear you mince your words, He'll give you tongue, then scamper, And next day send a ham per rail, Packed neatly in a hamper. Sometimes he does the lard-i.da, And smears his hair with dripping- Like quills upon the pork-upine, It pluck-ing needs, not clipping. PsILO, Glasgow. 14.-How splendid it is on a fine summer morn To go for a stroll through a park, Or lie in somn field 'mid the ripe waving corn, And list to the notes of the lark I But when you lind out in a minute or two You have sat on a nest full of ants, You'll find it's aul-noyiung, so keep this in view, And go for no more morning jaunts. At least, if you do, take care where you sit; Unless you do that you are sure to get bit. I once went a stroll with a very dear chum, And in a green field took a seat; We had only sat down when we heard a low hum, And then a buzz, buzz at our feet. We heeded it not, but continued to chat, When my chum gave a short painful gasp, And then made a bound like a terrified cat, And there 'mongst the grass was a wasp. He avoided that spot for a very long while, But now he surveys it with comical smile. W. L. MsILLtii, Glasgow. META-CURTAIL KENT. (' lic first letter of a word is changed, and the last is dropped, to formn aloiher word.) 15.-Dear spinners of the riddle )Webb, And Marshalls of bright fancies, I beg you'll note this Taylor's thread Of thought among your lances. My great desire's to Harris first Where laurels ye award wits; Where many matchless scribes have shone An(d)-drew-s-ome hearty plaudits. You may denounce me as a "pup." But I'v' an o-men darker; The " T." itself must be a dog, For in it Proweles a Barker. Excuse this punful, Jo-Kina5 hit.; Pray in your Stocks don't place me; But, please you, I'll an Archer Be, Though big Broad Arrows chase me. I'd travel o'er the Amber-lea With IVatt success I could, sir, In open, glade and iHollo.wsay, And trespas-S in the Wood, sir. I'd seek a fair, sweet maiden out In this the world's Mad-era, Who'd Qseeni-t with a-V-i-D-i-T-y, And Mar-ry-ion-e to cheer her. You are a valiant conclave, friends, As all will own as Snow(s)-shoe ; And W(h)ael.son of benignant "Ala "-re Coul-d-auagltt-or-ratio s'pose you ? Could I but write a better net, A learned discourse should edit, or I'd an oi' hiymn pick from the best, To save it from discredit, sir. V. D. T., Warrington. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (llhange the two last letters of a word to formi another word in the narrative.) 1G.-Sour Parson M'Gee was taking his tea With Mr. and Mrs. De Morgan; And Parson M'Gee he wished to be free, So talked with the youngest De Morgan. "Dear little Bobby, you are a good boy; In church you kept quiet this morning; Dear little Bobby, my heart filled with joy To see your good manners thus dawning." Young Bob was surprised, and opened his eyes, And stared in a manner quite taking; Then glanced at his.ma,tantd said, " M!ypapa Fast slept, and I feared his awking l." F. Joxses6l, Manchester.
DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-Ah, Drydhog, ma freen, best wishes I send As regerds tae oor jinin', ma dear; An' I hope fur the future guid luck wull attend, An' mak' a' yere verses run clear. Noo I'll dae a' I can tae invoke ye tae mirth, But last tell ye I'm no verra smert; I've niver e'en punned since the day o' ma birth, Unless wi' braw Jean, ma sweethert. I maun tell ye, ma freen, first a verra guid thing Tae write wi' a comrade at nicht; I'm see pleased I could dance e'en the wild hielan' fling, An' tak' a wee drap wi' delicht. Noo I've written in Scotch, ma ane native tongue, Fur the German I ken is no much; I ken mickle French, an' I'm share I'd be hung If iver I tried tae write Dutch. Noo, I'll bid ye guid-bye fur a verra short time, So I send ye a shake o' the haun ; An' a wee picklq parritch I'm share ye'll ca' prime, But o' that I wull talk mair anon. Muckle thanks, ma freen Miller, I send lntae ye, Yere guid wishes wi' joy malt' me greet; But the parritch I oh, sharely wad verra cauld be, Wi'oot doobt, ere haith o' us meet. An' jist as ye say, 'tis a verra guid thing Ane knight wi' anither tae write; An' a turn I wad gie at yere wild hielan' fling, If ma ueebors could no see the sight. But, freen, I manu whisper a word in yere lug, Ye ken 'tis wark I niver hbe tried; They ilk ane I'm share wad their shoulders shrug, An' ma mad antics they'd brawly deride. Although I'm no Scotch, I gie ye ma word I've endeavoured tae answer in such ; In German or French I'd hae been mair absurd, An' mickles ma knowledge o' Dutch. W. L. MILLER AND DRYDIHOG. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 18.-Chapter I.-The night was cold, The clock was striking eight, A handsome gallnut, brave and bold, Within a field does wait. " Why, not here yet ?" he slowly said. " Where can my darling be ? I hope she is not ill or dead, I think I'll go and see !" He threads his way unto the house With mingled feelings vexed. "She's talking to my rival! Zounds! I'll"- [Continued in our next.] Chapter II.-The knight draws nigh And catches every word; The male is shouting angrily, And seeks to catch the bird. " I do not love thee," cries the maid. "Thou shalt be myine," says lie, " For all my servants I have bade Prepare for you and me I" " Oh, let me go!" she :ays aloud. " No, no ! I'll never hend!" "But 'sdeath ! you shall. I'll have your blowd." The lovers kiss! [The eud.] S. DEni BEAR. ARITHMOREI. (An anorostic. The letters of cross words tlst are Itoman numerals expressed in .,tures.) Folunldation tord. 19.-Seek thou primal's blazing light, Where a wild sea-surge is breaking, And a storm's sweeping in oig ht A bleak and rugged shor ; And amid the gloom of iight A doomed ship a haven's seeking, And a frenzied crew's wild shrieking Blends with the breakers' roar. Cross Words. 1,050 and sobso Summer's glad beauty Here meets the sight. 505 ,, yeyear Care, toil, and duty Come with its light. 51 ,, rap Known by its flowers, Sunshine, and rain. 150 ,, seat See, there it towers, Guarding the plniu. 1 ,, seas Found 'inii the yellow, Lone desert sand; 501 ,, notone When golden, mellow Light floods the land. I. MoRRAIr. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of thn initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 20.--Primals is a maiden clever, In the "T." you'll find her name; 'Mong the gallant baud of riddlere She is one well-known to fame. She a long time has been silent, But I'm glad to see again That in the noble cause of riddling She once more doth wield her pen. May she always find enjoyment Writing for our famous " 1.," That from week to week with pleasure In this page her conse. we'll seeoo. Cross Ilords. First will be a kind of riddle, It, I'm sure, you oft have guessed; If some of my seconld you take, It will soon put you to rest. An animal in third you'll view- A savage beast of prey. The fourth a Grecian hero was, So our classic writers say. The fifth will be a country vast, Well, I'm sure, you know it; Sixth is a precious kind of stone; Last was a famous poet. J. BTRRELL, Belfast. OMELGRAM. (The lastletter of a word is changeds t form another word.) 21.-Oh, I am very sad-indeed I am : I think first muse is nothing but a sham; Or else from next it has this long time gone, For, try my best, I cannot write a com. T. WAeD, Dublin.