RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.
1.-Hark I hark I 'tis the roll of the deep-sounding drum I Stand, stand to your arms-the fierce enemy's come ! Their bright blades are keen, and their bearing is bold, And gaily their trappings are gleaming with gold. They pour on our front with a rush and a roar, Like the sound of the billows sung on the seashore; But stern is the first of the musketeers there, And sharply each arquebus rings on the air. Full many a riderless horse gallops back, And many a gallant lies dead on the track. Oh, sad is the last of the beaux of Whitehall, To fall'neath the flight of an arquebus ball. Their silks and their satins disfigured with mud, Their breastplates and morions dimmed with their blood Their pride and their splendour all, all passed away With that final charge upon that fatal day. Those gay, silken love-locks, oft tended with care, No longer shall dazzle the eyes of the fair; Their wearers lie there on the cold battle-plain, And never shall Whitehall receive them again. E. BLAIR, Liverpool, 2.-The poet was in mournful first, And sadly through his sanctum stepped; "Ah, Fortune," cried he, " all your worst And hardest knocks for me are kept. " The editors (a cruel clan, To whom is pity still unknown), In league together, to a man Refuse my genius bright to own I "That poem on' Night,' sunicient to Admit me to the poets' ranks, These men of stone I sent it to, And the result-' Declined with thanks.' " Oh I brother poets, ye who've had Your poems into the P. B. cast, Up, and with me no more be sad : Devise for ' ed.'s ' an awful last." J. Woa. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another ward, z-. pressed in the narrativej 3.-Faintly the wavelets murmur on the strand, Glides the limp water to the peaceful sea. Where shall I go for a more lovely land, England, than thou ? or what compare to thee ? Beauty adorns the landscape where I stand, But, better far, thy sturdy sons are free. P. S. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or wors,.) Foundation Words. 4.-Oh, it was a prinal final, and he told to me a tale Of a strange adventure he once had when capturing a whale : " I had harpooned the leviathan in a very vital part"- He didn't know exactly where, but somewhere near the heart- "And the monster didn't like it, so he lifted up his tail, And he sent us all a-flying, and we set up such a wail That the mermaids took compassion on us all, and in a trice They had fitted out a vessel which was very, very nice. In form, it was a shell, with seaweed strewed about for beds, With cushions ranged around it, and with pillows for oar heads; And a compass, mast, and sails, and every requisite re. quired ; And a sea-horse, too, they lent us, for to tow us if we tired. Then the mermaids sang sweet ditties, and they played some music, too, And they frisked about and combed their hair, as all the mermaids do. And when night began to fall upon the ocean and 'twas dark, They all lighted up a lantern which looked nothing but a spark; But they threw around such lustre that 'twas almost light as day, And they sang sweet lullabies to soothe us fellowsas we lay, And we were very much contented, when an awful gale arose, And the mermaids disappeared, but where they went to no one knows. And we looked-and saw that self-same whale a-floating alongside, And we reckoned it was through my spear the tough old varmint died. We made him fast and sailed along till very nearly dark, When we spied a vessel coming, and it proved to be our barque. We soon cut the blessed whale up, and we hoisted up our sails, And cruised about, and captured quite a score or more of whales; We soon got our barrels filled, and so we didn't try for more, But we put the barque about and quickly made sot England's shore." Then I spoke unto that total, and I said it wasn't true- That he'd never seen a mermaid; when he swore by a l he knew That 'twas true in every particle, but he couldn't con. vince ms, For I've never seen a mermaid, and I've often been to sea. Cross Words. He tried to hit the target, but he missed; His first was faulty, and the people hissed. A modest lassie, born in sunny Sp .in; She jilted me, and caused me lots of pain. I plucked a pext of blossoms from the tree; They're very pretty ones, as you can see. A nation of Caucasus this will name, Termed " Kisti" sometimes; but they are the same, A subterfuge or artifice is here- A man who does the same is not sincere. A drum or cornet, if I don't mistake, Would cause a this-a fearful din they make. If you should fall, or should your footing miss, I'm almost sure that; some would shed a this. W. D. PIcKEaauo, Southwark. NARRATIVE ,CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 5.-A gay young man of twenty years Went forth to serenade A lady, whohad girlish fears, In spite of offers made. The stars shone bright, the moon was out, And all around seemed still She'd answer him, he had no doubt-- Her heart with joy he'd fill. Arriving where she did reside He warbled sweet and low, In hopes she soon would be espied By him who loved her so. His melody was full of grace- . He longed to gain release, When, lo I fell on his upturned face ' A dishcloth full of grease 1 W,. CAorsa, Birmingham,
DAGRAMt. ((;ge the first two letters of a word to form another word) B I sBood upon a rugged, storm-beat shore And gazed across a wide expanse of sea; listened to the water's sullen roar, Which sounded like sweet music unto me. For far amid the waves I spied a sail, So far, it seemed a tiny speck of white; And though it to.sed in danger with the gale, Its presence filled my heart with pure delight. I heeded not the storm-fiend's warning voice, The lend, exultant laugh which rang around, For, ah I that tiny vessel was my choice, In her my dearest hopes on earth were bound. And as I anxious watched, she nearer drew-. So near, that on the bow I traced her name, For, carved in letters of a golden hue, I read the ever-glorious title, "Fame." All restlessly I paced the rocky sand, Impatiently awaiting to behold The tiny craft brought safely to the land, All laden as it was with glittering gold When, lo I she struck upon a hidden reef, The vessel that had first my shining light, And, heedless of my wild, impulsive grief, The hungry waters hid her from my sight. Ah, bitter was my life for many a day; But youth is full of hope, so next the pain To some extent had worn itself away, I lifted up my drooping bead again, No more to trust the broad, deceitful s'a, Where broken hearts in thousands buried lie; Along a humbler path, from danger free, I walk contented 'neath a final sky. MAmetoN L. TAYLOt, Birkenhead. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 7.-Theophilus Tomtitsky was a man Cram-full of woe, though he was not a woe-man; Short, too, and stout, and yet a very Pole, Whereas his nose decidedly was Roman. oe lived in Warsaw, though he ne'er saw war, His home a cosy primal, 'neath a villa ; No villa-ger was he, but there he planned Hlis road to fortune, smoking a " manilla." For years he'd been a poor salt-final, yet I'm sure was never set upon a table; And, though he'd struggled hard some wealth to gain, Somehow or other he had not been able. Of course, on Russia's head he laid the blame, And threats of vengeance vowed upon his," Czar.ship," tand, that he might some time fulfil his vow, Became a cook on board a British war-ship. PHILO. 8.-Old Father Time, I take you by the forelock- To get behind you is, I'm told, a crime ; I'll haunt my room in future, and the door lock, And all my leisure spend in writing rhyme. Should any of my friends, Bill, Tom, or Harry, Call on me, the result will be the same- The message, " Not at home," shall our first carry : I won't be thwarted in my thirst for fame. The leading con. I've oft found, when I've read it, Contains the same ideas which I own; And while the author rightly gets the credit, I sit and brood, and wind up with a groan, But no more will I be anticipated, For desperation now has last me bold; No more shall I for negligence be rated, For I'll write riddles till I'm grey and old I ARcuER B., Kentish Town. PRE CE.OMEGRAM. Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 9.-I fell asleep and dreamed of thee Just as you were so long ago; I dreamed you told me you loved me, In accents soft, and sweet, and low. I dreamed I listened with a smile- A smile of wicked, cruel disdain, And first the flower you gave, the while You told me how you loved again. I fell asleep and dreamed of thee, A dream so painful, so severe; I dreamed you cared no more for me, And that you left me-left me, dear I Then when I found that you had fled, I longed to have you by my side;" And when I found your love was dead, I wished that I, too, could have died, In a low next I called " Return I" You could, or would not, understand, But onward went, so cold and stern, While I stood with imploring hand. Dearest, I dream of thee to-day, As, lone, I pen these words to you; I dreamed you went and kept away. Ah, do not let my dream be true I EITaH K. RENDLE. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. IThe letters of a word are tralsposed, and form another word In the narrative.) 10.--Where the sun's reflection's glowing In a streamlet crystal clear, Past huge leafy monsters flowing, A lily white and wan was growing Lonely there. Upon the bank, 'mid bush and bramble, A rustic maiden pensive stands, Watching the fishes gaily gambol, As in and out the reeds they ramble In glittering bands. Her hands above her head she raises In the thrall of love's young~ dream; A shadow.falls, a bold face gazes Through the mimic turns and mazes Of the stream. And her cheekg are red as roses, As she turneth at the jest; A manly form itself discloses, And the inaiden shy reiposes On his breast. The youth then plucks the lonely flower And pins it in lier hair, And takes her from her rustic bower To be the queenri of Castle Gower- Its only heir. Two lilies, one in gorgeous cell, And one in vase of clay, Torn from the streamlet in the dell, In Babylonian realms to'dwll, Pined away. T. CARPEpErR, I.ETAGRAMS.
(Ohange the first letter of a ývord to form another word.) ll.-:'wiftly first the silent stream Through the midst of fragrant filow'rs; On its banks I idly dream- ,All7the sunny, summer hours. Winter's wand has changed the scener Second marklthe tyrant's reign; In the meadow sleeps the green STill the springtime comes again. E. A. CaoMAn. 12.-My whole is highi, and firm, and steep, And:oft resists thie.mighty deep ; Exchange my head, and you'll then see A plabce for ships damaged at'sea'; Exchange my blead, please, just cuce more- By this we faten box or door. .J. WELN GB.
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 13.-Fate's influence on me from birth Has been extremely baneful, And my experience of earth Is singularly painful. If man a martyr's crown might wear, CH I think that I first don it ; If there's a tack in Fortune's chair, ree I'm bound to sit upon it. per Now, for example, Nancy G-, or My very own young lady, the I went to visit after tea, One eve when earth was shady. we Her father's playful dog I dodged, not But, springing forward madly, His teeth he in my person lodged, wil And hurt me very badly. of I-gave him a ferocious kick That laid him out, I fancy; Then thought it best to " cut my stick" Without beholding Nancy. Unto the garden gate I ran Straightway, and quickly, rather, Collided with an aged man-- None else than Nancy's father I w He stared, then, barring second way, cii He seized me rather roughly, to And then, " What is your busiuess, pray ?' He queried, very gruffly. lu (How, then, to all the gods I prayed sil In such a fix to aid me 1) Of course, some good excuse I made; P But one false step betrayed me. of The dog I'd slain behind me lay; ju I moved; he saw it plainly; Whereon, there is no need to say, a He raved and raged insanely. a. A man in blue took me away, And for this sad adventure Five pounds, as fine, I had to pay, ir And got a scathing censure. D. Gow AND J. P. HARRINaTONr DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. e. (An acrostio. The letters of cross words thIt are Roman numerals expressed in flaurosJ T Foundation Words. a: 14.-I love to read the pretty verses written By ladies who our "Tournament" uphold; n I often am with admiration smitten, t And, therefore, am about to make so bold r As to congratulate them on the talent Which here they nearly every week display, t: Together with our knights who, ever gallant- e But hope to speak of them another day. Miss Taylor well sustains the part of queen, and A. Boehmer occupies a fitting place; The name of Nellie Coulson's seldom seen, and No longer charms us with her wonted grace. There's Marie Connor, Queenie, Maggie Denny, May Wright, and Kate and Annie Royston, too; l While Lottie W. has written many- Her once familiar name we love to view. Miss Jennie Arthur writes both grave and witty; And then Louisa Jefferson must claim r A mention for her verses very pretty; 1 And, lastly, Miss- My answer gives her name. Cross Words. 550 and ere A sort of duck in this you see; Come, find it, riddlers famous. 1 600 ,, une And second, I will say, will be A stupid ignoramus. 502 ,, nan A native of a foreign clime For third will nicely serve us. 1,502 ,, t And this, just for the sake of rhyme, I'll say is to be nervous. 50 ,, fupeoh What everyone should be here view-- A kind of expectation. 550 ,, wonkege And last is what you gain when you Receive your education. J. A. MARSHALL, Kennington. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 15.-D ay's brightness gone, the sable wings of night A re closing round, and dark the heavens grow; V old are they of the queen of silver light; I nky black the sky, and first the snow D own softly falls, in feathery wasting flakes, H ov'ring trembling, then a dart it makes. O n ev'ry hill next mantle white is spread;. L ong icicles like crystal strands hang low, 'M id sparkling frost, from ev'ry roof and shed; E ach tree does pay its tribute to King Snow. S oon clouds disperse, and then the moon's bright rays G loriously do shine with silver light; O 'er hill and dale the cool, clear radiance plays, While snowflakes fall upon this Winter's night. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. 16.-A sort of stick in first you'll quickly view, And means what schoolmasters will do; My next's a thing that's made of tin, in And used to carry water in. J. T. Surr r, Birmingham. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-My heart is filled with sadness, The tear.drops dim my eye, As I reflect on my childhood- Sweet days of youth and joy ; Sweet days of heartfelt pleasure, Unbroken by grief or pain; Oh, that those days of innocence Would come back once again I A vision comes before me: Methinks I next the lea Where my playmates and I wandered And sported in our glee. Oh, happy'games of childhood We-loved so much to play I! .Oh, never can I be again So happy and so gay. A truce to poetizing On "happy days of yore;" 'Tis such a doleful subject- I shan't write any more. It first tome Cs mockery To groan o'er-what I've seen, - When I know that I'm young yet, My age being but fifteen. 1W. F. NOLAN, Olonmel.