RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. M ETA-OMEGRAMS.
ngberet and last letters of. -1word to form another worol. ( _Inn the shady woodland I know a grot W Where moss-pillowed violetsTdwell; And a lingering perfume haunts the spot, All by the wishing-well. The ferns are soft.bhued and clustering, . Wild hyacinth shakes her bell, And the gentle biids subduedly sing, All by the ishing-well. A savour of mystery hangs around, The charm of a fairy spell ; We feel that we first enchanted ground All by the wishing-well. Oh! many the moonbeam myths they quote, And many the tales they tell, And second the mysteries afloat, All by the wishing-well. The ancient lay of the Spectacled Swan, The ballad of Lilybell, And the legend of LunXa. white and wan, All by the wishing.well. O0 , blithe young gallant and bonny maid, A.wandering through the dell, O , take ye heed, for your steps have strayed All by the wishing-well. Oh, clear do the depths return a glance, And under soft whispers swell; And mach could I say of a fair romance All by the wishing-well. Hither young hope, in the summer.time, Followed the bright Estelle, Filling her eyes with a joy sublime, All by the wishing-well. S )ft as the sun.clouds floated west, Soft as the shadows fell, This is the spot I loved the best, All by the wishing.well. AmY BOEHmuR. 2.-Volumes large and rare I've read, Until I've fairly roared; Other books have made me sad, First sev'ral have me bored; Next volume only makes me Fry- That it's of smoke I'll not deny. COLONNA O'D. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation 'Word. 3.-Oh! primal so pretty, so fair and so witty, Thy power for good is acknowledged by all ; I'll ever respect thee, and never neglect thee, Whenever thou'rt pleased thy servant to call. Cross Words.. The'earth would be a happy spot If every one had this; 'Twould beautify each humble cot, And fill our lives with bliss. iNer, is a means of great delight To people young and old, And is a very pretty sight (At least, so I've been told). .All " Tourney " knights have third, I know, And " Tourney" ladies, too; S don't exclaim, "It is not so," Because it won't be true. A gentleman we all revere, And every moment bless, Is number four will-now appear. I wonder, can you gtfess-? In last a common thing perceive, Possessed by you and me.; And now I think that with your leave I'll leave you fancy free. PUcs, Ballymeua. Foundation Word. 4.-Near London Bridge there stands an ancient church; Wi-hin its precincts, if you care to search, YoTI soon may find an old-time poet's tomb- Nane him who slumbers there till i' crack o' doom." Cross W-ords. A "clever bit mannie" this lad- An Olympian, not at all bad. And this, now, a Quaker won't take, With conscience so tender awake. This one paints nocturnes and such; I can't say I care for him much. This poem, to nature so true, I am sure is beloved by you. The sons of green Erin seek this; They won't find it unmingled bliss. BETAGRAMS. - M±xaA. (Chitnge the second letter of a word to form inother wbrd.) 5.-l'm gratified to hear my name upon the lady's lst,. And I'm glad to think tlitt if I ceased towrite I shdould be missed. ; ' Bt-but (~here always is a "but ") I'm not se glad to That do not rite; but scribble. You'll e se my saying But yeou know dear Mr. Editor, I've reason to,oomplain, For injurious imputations have been heaped upon. my- Or raher'on my noa de plume. No matter; hoývadasy There are many primial actions, and I think the siege, I'll raise; . . I can prove myself identical with that' same Patrick S., d to use a Yankee term; sir, " 'll make youjp, I gueEs !'' , mak yo ju*mp, e conulted my solicitor since writing the above EIe's as wise as any serpent, and as harmless as a dove); ga e me quite a-long advice-good value for his fee- dheas bththe'd incline to spare the Ed. of Y. P. P. .tnodmethtsrbble " sometimes meant," to write," and, nothing more, ahe said be thought that in this case that was the sense it bore. w, se e ha bven'tgot a case if we take it in this eover, sir, if I were you, I would not cease to write. Un rleed know that you are he at, whom this wit is Pat no final on your back to tell it to the world. -n w I' say good morning, sir-I fear that I must some other client knocking on my desk below." -it win Ias dismissed because I told him rather fiat ScribbyBa t and let him call me names like isn I wonder, should I cease to struggle for re- tl okeep on" scribbling from this "famous Irish '" - PATnrcIOr 8., Belfast. - Aovers they were that came down the lane, I' the riversid. e . ey took their stand, As thmaround her on aist, clasping her hand, : dr hetened to th e water's sweet strain.g "sh, no " ttio°r unnumbered ages."' , She n; ld until they.rMaise your wages," willed, IW sacrifice iy- life." W·::. A.~. La.icsroar.
DUAGRAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.; 7.-With a ping, ping, ping, "Love, to you I fain would sing," Sang a dapper little minstrel'neathlhis lady's window- pane; But the'first was rather blowy, And the weather it was snowy, And his little nose was tinted quite a rosy, reddy hue. But his heart was warm and true, So he sang this old refrain, Gazing upward to the casement, "Oh, my love, I love but you." With a ping, ping, ping, On a fiddle with one string, Scraped that final-hearted minstrel 'neath his lady's win- dow-pane. Hoping she would soon be waking, For his little form was shaking, And his finger-tips were aching, and his clothes were soaking through He that morn had donned quite new; For the 'sun had turned to rain. Still he sang with ardent feeling, " Oh, my love, I love but you!" With a ping, ping, ping, Snap ! Alas the fiddle.string Broke he, in his agitation, standing 'neath her window. pane. "Blow her I" quoth he, homeward turning, While his heart with wrath was burning, For the maiden, sleeping soundly, hearing nothing, nothing knew Of that would-be minstrel true Who had come her heart to woo, But who now with might and main Vowed he'd never try again, As he rolled himself in flannels, singing, "Self, I love but you i" MAcsON TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 8.-The mountain mists are lifting, Nell, The joyous day's begun, And o'er our way of life, my Nell, Outshines the gallant sun. The lark is soaring high, my Nell, The cygnet wild and free Beyond the heights '. winging, Nell, Then follow on with me. We'll plant our banner high, my Nell, Upon the mountains fair, And keep triumphant still the sign Our fathers blazoned there. We'll right all wrong, my fairy Nell, And where earth's victors stand, We too first wait at nightfall, Nell, Together, hand in hand. The forests wave a welcome, Nell, The brook comes flashing by, The hills are gold and purple, Nell, And cloudless, clear the sky. And honest hearts around us beat- We may not count a foe, While loud and sweet the wild birds next. Come, sister, let us go. IN Ez, Liverpool. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (:Jhunge the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- Dressed in the narrative.) 9.-Down in Pluto's drear abode, With the pallid ghosts we stood, Having crossed the fateful streamlet, Having 'scaped the deadly brood. Awful perils were before us, For a fiendish, threat'ninug band, In a tone discordant, bade us Where we stood to take our stand. Forward came an ancient goblin, And in frenzied accents spoke: "Rash and reckless riddling knights, Why have ye,from bondage broke P Homeward wend your way, intruders, And your friends who riddles write Must discard their horrid pen-names, Or incur our ghostly spite." I. H. CLEARCHOS AND V. D. TAYLOR. CHARADES. llormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 10.--Fierce rages the battle- The rifle-shots rattle, The shells deal destruction as round us they burst, Killing father and brother; And many a mother Will grieve for the lad that she lost in the first. They wandered slowly by the hedgerows, In the spring's fresh beauty glad, Two fond, loving, faithful sweethearts, -Lassie'fair and handsiine lad. A next he placed upon her afnger, Whispering softly all theiwhile, " Darling, will you always love me ?" " Yes,": she answered, with a smile. ".Watcher say, missus? I don't give yer weight, And instead o' big lumps it's all dust ? Tbhat'ere coal veighs alast; and I tellsyer, mum, straigh t, If yer gruimbles yer oughter be bust!" My aihdle's a i'ddler's native town, I'm sture yobt know it well; He is a riddler of renown- His name ,I need not tell. His name in " Tourney's" famous page . :.We're always glad to see; " His cons; are by both youth and-'age - hIead with a V. D. T; - i Jo-KinG, Lambeth. Whole. 11.-About three hundred years ago There lived a poet.great, I know.; Among his works you're sure to see That this-my whole-will doubtless be, If you can't find it, look below, . .,u '.re rivn there, I know. First. In music and in rhyme'writes he; Ris name has letters four, you'll see. Second. Now, second, what are you, pray tell ? There's few who do not know you well; Our readers.all have you oft seen- You are a summer flower, I ween. ROLLA, West Green, 12.-My first 'isa tool made for digsig the ground My sext in' very oil Lmap will be found; SWho~le's a funny inan , In a funny book; - - You'll finfiim I know, If you will'but look. :G. Bucir.tiAN. 13.--MIy firsts a sign of nations: strife; Second dendtes a wedded life Next is of-enodrmous weight- " " You'll find there's tiuth in all I state. . If these sre ploperly combined, . An English:t own is brought to mind; . .. nlA a,B s Bimingliam. 14.-If yonu.identiy me, you'llfind I amenot oat; -Denoting ajoint stbck affalir,; a .ale, I' hsve -no dqubt; -tvfay hnahrae itb ma e smal, narrow deep, br .yide; S hvery unrghable, mcepssteset, too, esjidl. e H·. 0 I.z·-H.. .sc
NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narratlve. 15.-When days were dark and dreary, And the very earth seemed weary Of chill November's cheerlessness and gloom, A modest village maiden, With smiling eyes, love.'aden, Looked, laughed, then blushed, and, lastly, sealed my doom. Despite all wind and weather, Each day we spent together, Until to part we could no longer bear; So, ere we long had tarried, That maid and I were married, And now our joys we with each other share. She does not sing soprano, And, on a grand'piano, Tries not to do staccato runs and bshakes; She cannot sing cantatas, Nor execute sonatas, And therefore in the house no discord makes. Dame Fashion's wild excesses Spoil not her raven tresses, For on her brow no trace of fringe is seen; And of her I am prouder, Because no paint or powder Upon her pretty face has ever been. Of art she has no notion, And never crossed the ocean To study culture in a foreign land; She speaks no Dutch or Spanish, And German, French and Danish, Declares that she could never understand. I think I see you smiling, Such want of taste reviling, And, with contempt, your pliant lip upeurled; But know, O reader clever, No other man has ever Won such a charming wife in all the world. PaILo, Glasgow. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form snottiher word.) 16.-A burst of mellow song breaks on the air, A thousand tiny throats the strains repeat; Cuckoo, and thrush, and blackbird free are there, Joining together in soft chorus sweet; From hill, and dale, and dark retreat they come, With voices ringing high, and loud, and clear, That in the time of dreariness were dumb- But summer's here. Now perfumes charming wakened senses greet, A thousand sights entrancing strew the way ; A paradise on earth is made complete, Influences gentle o'er the first hold sway. On shining streamlets' banks the lilies nod, Giving their gladness to the passer near; Violets whisper from the dewy sod- Summer is here. The fields are ripening in the sun-rays bright, That pour from out a sky of cloudless blue; Threading their way through mists of golden light, The butterflies their honeyed path pursue. The fishes in the glancing water leap To catch the rays that to the still depths peer; The breezes in the wood's recesses sleep, For summer's here. When on its western way the beaming sun Sinks softly, nothi mars the still repose; And when the god of~y his work has done, And on the mountain-top his last smile glows, Bidding the darkening earth a fond farewell, While far above the twinkling lights appear, The soothing murmurings of evening tell That summer's here. If winter did not come with robe of snow, And stormy last cut off the sweets of earth, The summer would no joy to us bestow, To it no bounding pleasures owe their birth. But when the tyrant Winter's power is spent, And from the earth pale flowers their white forms rear, We say, rejoicing in his banishment- Summer will soon be here. IVANIIOE, Belfast. 17.-There is a youth named Jo, Who calls himself a King; Although some persons that I know Assert he's no such thing. But let these people crow, And have their empty fling; For I can show that this youth Jo Is every inch a King. For if you'll look, you'll flpd a He signs himself " Jo, King"- A last well suited to my mind, So sweetly does he sing. And joking is his game; So that-why, blow me tight - If Joking is his first and name, Then Jo, King is his right. So raise your voice with mine In praises to the King Whose wifty jokes so brightly shine Within our " Toitrney" ring. Away with'fear.and doubt, And make the welkin ring, True hearts and stout, with joyous shout, Long life to Jo, ouir King I Foo0oooLcAN. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the-last syllable of the flrst and the first syllable of the eeoond.) Triptich. 18.-Fancies, thoughts, and rare ideas From.the intellect arise; Existing in the understanding; Meditation's deepest grise. First Word. A vain prognostic of a prophet, 'Tis said it heralds grief and woe; I detest it, sir-I scoff it: The future's tidings none can know. Second Word. This noun among the ancients meant A coin, also a weight, I ween; _ A faculty-mayhap a gift- Ability, this word does mean. V. D. TAYLos, Warrington. ENIGMAS. 19.-I come at morn, lnd leave at eve; I am thie whole world's pleasure; My strength Ievery.day increase, And bring the farmers treasure. I'm very weak when first I come, But soon my sttength is'enndcd; At eve, when all your work is done, My day's toil; too, h'as ezided. 2O.-I-'m often a " pur"l " A Whose hurt is the sch6ol; Some masters ci· ie me, Some say I'm a fool.' .. 0. 'W HaIt Warringtonu 21.-I'm.mtlways fopuapd a2 ..Benetli the groiund, , . ... , v W.W Lxweis Ixourflle.-
DECAPITATIONS. ) (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ 22.-The autumn winds are sighing Across the dark lagoon, And ghostly clouds are flying Betore the pallid moon, And o'er the water glideth, And through the misty dell; Upon the moonbeams rideth The witch of Weary's Well! All silently she saileth Towards the haunted hill, To where the night-wind waileth Around the ruined mill; And there with ceaseless chanting, Beneath its last weird arms, Within the moonbeams slanting, She works her evil charms. Then woe to him who ponders Within the moon's Jirst light; If o'er the hill he wanders, Then is he lost to-night; For people say, by magic, Down where the water rolls, In bondage wild and tragic She keeps her captive souls I II. A. TAYLoR, Birkenhead. 2'.-My first brings us comforts both many and great, If only it rightly is used; But to some it brings pain, for it grieves me to state That its merits are often abused. For friends have been parted in anger and hate Through disputes which from this have arisen; While others have met on the gallows their fate, Or ended their days in a prison. You p'r'aps may remark that my statements are ncxt, And request me for something more now ; But kindly excuse me, and do not feel vexed, For 'tis truly the best I could do. C. F. BAnREn, Wood Green. 24.-A number for my firt please lake, Behead, a kind of yeast 'twill make; Behead again, and you will see The opposite of odd I'll be. CA IRA, Edmonton. 25.-Give me a word for veracity; Please cut off its head, And then you'll have for a certainty A Bible' name instead. ROSE CutrtGs. 26.-Find me a bird; Behead it, do, What ladies like Will come to view. Baus, Chester. TRANSPOSIT IONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 27.-This morning the postman came to my door With his merry rat-a-tat.tat! But that he had often done before, So there wasn't much in that I I ran to the door, I opened it wide, And e'en as I stood on the mat I wondered what was the letter inside- Well, there wasn't much in that i I sat me down in my easy.chair, And my heart went pit.a-pat As I looked at my letter, and I- Well, there-- There wasn't much in that ? " Oh, first is it from ?" I sweetly said, As I moodily looked at the cat, And rubbed my hand across my head- And there wasn't much in that 1 I looked at the writing-I knew it not, I was as blind as a bat; I simply knew that a letter I'd got- So there wasn't much in that L Perhaps, thought I, it is from Flo, Or perhaps it is from Nat, Or Jim, or George, or Ted, or Joe- Well, there wasn't much in that! P'r'aps 'tis a letter all filled with love, Thought I, as there I sat- A letter that calls me a dear and a dove; Wedl, there isn't much in that. But at last, next.ever, I broke the seal- 'Twas the bill for my Sunday hat; But I needn't tell you how I did feel- There was more than I wanted in that. J. O. COLLIER. 28.-My first is precious to mankind, I'm sure you will agree; Transpose, and then, discerning mind, A useful tool you'll see. C. BOSHER. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagra'n, decapitation, dole. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 29.-I am the head of a boar, sirs; my tail's on the end of your nose; My heart is the head of a yak, sirs; my whole a river shows. My heart out out, and then yoqull find A bone is doubtless left behind. E. LEIDoLD,. 30.-First is a part of you and me; Curtail me and behead, Another portion of our frame You'll find I am instead. AANwIe SUmra, Gresley. OMEGBAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 31.-My first is part of your frame; Next, you will find, is a game. JATrs, Birmingham.