RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ
1.-For many weary moments, and for many dreary day5 I've battled with my conscience in a mimic, mrt blaze; I've sent mock shots a-flying, and I've sent sham shells on high, While loudly in my chamber rang my lusty battle.ery Oh I what a foe is conscience I how it fights to win te day, And wrestles with palaver if it dares to block the way I I first me of its fury, and the way it's made me bleed Because I hesitated to perform a certain deed; And here I make confession that the deed I did resent Was nothing more than writing for the " Riddle Toarn ment I" For so I had determined when the cons. were on the wane, To give up writing riddles, and be printed ne'er again. But conscience didn't " see it," so it whispered me aline "Come, write another riddle for the sake of auld ln syne;" And that aroused rebellion, so I flatly said, " I won't.' And then, of course, the Spirit of Obstruction added SDon't ;" And so commenced the battle I have ventured to relate With conscience proving victor, which, perhaps, 'tisvai to state. We brought it to conclusion in a pleasant sort of way: I " made it up" with conscience, and-well, here Ian to-day! And have I wasted paper, and so freely squandered ink Without a wee intention ? Next peruser, stay to think, Indeed, I launched a moral, and I'm sure it didn't sink I meant to show that no one should a case with conscience fight, For conscience is a counsel that is always in the right! F. WLLus. 2.-" Oh, woeful heart I" Sighed a sad-eyed girl, With her hair in curl. " Canst not live apart From this haughty earl P "By woe thon'rt first; But, the end until, Be courageous still. Do you want to burst? I believe you will. "Poor. foolish heart I" She went on, in ire, As she poked the fire, "Thou must bear thy smart; Let your hopes look higher I " Though he's untrue To affection's laws, There's one saving clause That's enough for you"- (And I think it was). " Though next in woe," Said the maid, that night, As she blew out the light, " I'll soon find a beau I' (And the girl was right !)- LA LACHRYosr, 3.-They sat upon an ancient wooden stile, His arm encircled round her pretty wnis t, Unheeding that a raging wasp, the while, Was crawling up his trousers leg in haste. The youth's bright eyes were bent in sileut bliss Upon the maiden's lovely, smiling face, And as she raised her little head to kiss His brow, a halo seemed to fill the place. "My darling, sweetest May," lhe said, at last, " When shall our pinnacle of joy be crowned? When shall all obstacles aside be cast, And first together whirl in life's grim ronid:!" Next paused. The wasp, on deadly mission eit, Was skirmishing about with might and na:l, And sticking to his work with good intent., Extracted from his foe loud yells of pain. "'Tis death I" he cried. " Oh, what a fearful late Awaits third I I am dying-I am dead !" And in her arms he sank at such a rate, That down he came upon his noble head. Ue fell, but not alone ; for, in his fall, The stile gave way, and with it beauteous May, While, as they struggled up, for help to call, The lively wasp flew off, with glad " Good day.' They parted-never more to meet on earth. Thegreatest things spring off from humn lu-t birt E. L. IOLLASND REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 4.-Amy and Marion, I greet you both. With much delight I read your graceful rhyme In our last Young Folks, and I'm nothing loth Once more to join the riddling band.. The time Of old, so gay and glad, we know is o'er; But many merry songs we've yet to sing, And primal here together as before, Our riddle rhymes with eager joy to bring. Your lines with kindly feeling last for me; I thank you, gentle ladies, most sincerely. Long may you live, sweet friends, to grace the "T. The happy " T." we've loved so long and dearly! LoTTIE w., Brighton DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, ]eaving another word.) 5.-John Hamfat was a countryyouth- To London town he came, To see the Exhibition which Had such a glorious name. He journeyed up to London Bridge, And looked so first and fat; He had a new twelve-shilliung suit, Also a'beaver hat. He brought a last of bacon. up. Some byead-'twas rather stale- Says he,,"' I think'I'll wash it down With just one glass of ale." While drinking at a public-house, Augustus Flash came in; Advancing up to Hamfat, who Looked at him, then did grin, John told hiin what he'd come up for, Likewise he did reveal A splendid gold repeater watch, Which Gus did quickly steal. He then gave John such lots to drink That John fell on the seat; Then Gus took John's new purse and riig, And beat a shari' retreat. 'When John woke up, he did not know What wretch had got his wealth. He went back home a sadder man- That's all he saw of Health. J. G. Bsoon FIt BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a;word to form another 6.-An agtiole that gives us light; 'Tis only used by folks at night; By its aid' this con. I write. The second letter change: No special article you view- A piece of sugar for it will do, ' A square of soap, a bll of blue. :Is not'this passing strange? ...l . , , '. " . A. Jores, LiverY-
TRATsPosrIIONS. Lspose the letters in a word to form another word.) went to South Kensington last Whitsun Monday, e" ealtheries being, of course, the attraction here, in parentheses, I would say one day s herquite insufficient to give satisfaction). esqd a number of wondrous processes, e aking of biscuits, pipes, mustard, cigars, boots, sugar, lace, quaint adornments and dresses; ish I could first on the choice Doulton jars! ,ondo revived claimed a large share of notice : oled round Pye Corner and down Elbow Lane, ath moss-grown Bishopsgate, where my friend wrote htl (I tried to dissuade him, in vain). nced at the wax figures, dressed in historio d picturesque garments-a curious show; cond the dresses in style categoric ould tax e'en the quick pen of Sala, I know. dairies looked charming (the milk was perfection), one got quite dazed with the sights and the sounds, walking through gallery, quadrant and section; lief came at last in the beautiful grounds. scene here at night was supremely entrancing, e fountains resplendent with various hues, bands gaily playing, the lights madly dancing; short, all combined to instruct and amuse. BARmNTr DE BEA, ,-My first is used to give us light In almost every country town, And 'tis a very pretty sight, When on a hill and looking down. When down has fallen darksome night, And kindly Sol withdrawn his rays, To see them gleaming out so bright, You'd almost think the town was in a,blase. Don't you remember when you read For the first time-" Arabian Nights,'P How very sagely then you said, " Sure, nobody could see such sights As Aladdin is said to have seen When he touched his mystic ring;" Or when he gently rubbed his first, What sights of splendour on his vision burst! And as you grew to riper years, And threw away your childhood's toys, You read of warriors, with spears, Of " Tournaments" and battle noise, And every other matter which appears Within the pages of Folks Young. And grown romantic, then, perhaps, you went, After perusing what dear Spenser sung, To have your fortune told in gipsy camp By some fair maiden with an oily tongue, To whom you listened as beneath a spell, Ungloved your next, while gipsy maidens tell Whether you'll do in life or ill or well. P. S., Belfast. ACROSTIC. erdor words, formed of the initial letters of other words) Foundation Word. 9.-Ah! when will the sun of prosperity smile On primals, a sanious and beautiful isle P Cross Words. The first cross word Will show a bird. To find the next, if you Are willing, ay, or curious, Just search for something true And genuine, not spurious. Third means to run away, While fourth's a bird of prey. 'Tie an inordinate desire To reach the goal and mount still higher. How next to walk Down by the shore, The water's roar I In last is shown. A precious stone. M. F. GaBA , Fermoy. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or worde.) Foundation Words. M any a time we've seen, in ages past, heartless world neglecting greatest worth, ejecting noble works at its feet cast, gnoring the great souls that gave them birth. t many such the roll of fame can tell, ow vested by posterity with honours won so well. hough this the age that saw his heav'n-blest birth, 11 missed a friend when he, had wooed death's sleep; outh and grim age, o'er all the face of earth, aughed at his humours, loved his pathos deep; 'er his cruel grave the weeping nations mourn, * egretting him they think the greatest novelist e'er born. Cross Words. autiful weather, air cool and clear, ch nose is rosy, winter is here. e that Mohammedan pilgrim so grey, holy old Mecca he's making his way. what a pleasant and savoury smell l- grant and sweet as a flowery dell. attling place of amusement, but yet thee many skaters thy pavement have met. elightfullest passion I most potent of all riving before it the great and the small. ovely and sweet is this girl's Christian name, very one surely can find out the same. ecommending you all for to earn our last, duly, ign we now both our names, and are yours fery truly, S. FRANKLIN AND G. 11. PELtrT. ENIGMA. lL,-Now, comely dame and lordly knight, Who wield the mighty pen, Come; gather round, with thought profound, And guess this puzzle then. And if you think to give " it" up, Pray don't, but "try again." at has no body, neither any shape, Yon cannot touch, and yet it may be felt; has no length, though sometimes it is lengthened, No breadth yet brief; as soon as made 'twillmelt; As soon as born it vanishes-it dies, But seldom leaves a trace wherefroni it hies; And when 'tis dying'there is plainly heard A sound like crying of a baby bird id follks. when hearing it, think 'tis suspicious, Young folks (mind, I don'tknow) say 'tis delicious; All have it and youmay give what you will, Yet, hke the widow's oil, you have it still. Now solve this enigma, if you can stop;
.---- V-n, aUu never give - it" up. ED EDITH K. xrmDLU. Iormed on a word each syllable of whldh Is a word.) 12--The first to find is an insect small, The busiest of its kind; To all of you I'm sure it's known, So bring its name to mind. Young maidens with their lovers bold Did next to.Gretna Green.; But they were very quickly stopped If by their parents seen. Whole is an animinal'well known, A creature full of grace; It is a shame that it should be An object of the chase. KJIT F. -Rorox, Birminbgam.
PEE (E.OMEGRAM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a w~ord to form another word.i 13.-Winter.time is now among us, All is wrapped in icy gloom; Flow'rs and birds have vanished from us, Earth is silent as a tomb. Summer fruits are half-forgotten, Steaming chestnuts fill their place; Old King Fog his welcome visage Firsts to us with smiling grace. Mother states that coals are standing At a most enormous rate; Valiant youths are brightly shining Last December's rusty skate. Colds are frequent in our houses, 'Neath their weight the strongest bow: 't Ices " long have been discarded- " Hot drinks" are the order now. Orange-peel is sternly hated, Orange fruit as greatly loved; Overcoats are universal, Summer coats and nexts removed. Into nooks by cosy fireside Folks their chilly members screw; Winter is, in fact, among us- Very well we know it, too. F. G. WEn, Sonthwutk. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 14. A Vz
Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below: ANAGRAMS ON MYTHOLOGY. 15.--He well disposes of a leisure hour Who sows a seed, or plants a tree or flow'r, 'Twas only fifteen inches, as I found By measuring the distance on the ground, He came and laid his hand upon my head, And, turning round, I saw that it was Ned. Yes, if the weather favours us, my dear, This evening we will all be on the pier. A kind of booth had been erected there, And in it, at a table, sat the mayor. Although I've never been to his abode I know his street is in St. George's.road. Your bills are much too many to be met; So take this cheque-the last, sir, that you'll get. W. D. PICrKEING AND J. A. MARSHALL.