RJDDLE TOURNAMENT. SMETAGRAaM. ("paym the firsttletter of a word to form another wordJ __ 1..0....0ý-1 n lnrinnn cnnnn
Stoo'd en tranced before the glorious scene SWhich burst upon my awed and wondering gaze, d the touch of Merlin's wand had been At work, a fabric of the air to raise. Aprimal rivulet, embowered in green, 0ssiag aloft a shower of liquid sheen, Te sparkling gaily till it reached the edge Of srecipitoas and rocky ledge, The, swirling in a light prismatic wreath, Ws shot into the mazy tide beneath, The ray descending like a starry shower f brince magnified with endless power. T' meridian sun, in joyance unsurpassed, ILughed at his face in droll contortions cast Upon the ruffled bosom of the tide Wich sprang and rallied from the rocky side, Then, gathering, coursed the gleaming pebbles o'er, Lgke founts upon a tesselated floor. Amid.stream rose a verdant moss.grown holm, Whbich broke the current in a mass of foam; There giant ferns their second top-knots laved In limpid grots, o'er which they proudly waved. My brain was 'wildered by the rush and roar, The dazzling sparkle and the glistening hoar; A wave of mild emotions swept my mind- Thrilling emotions, sweet, yet undefined. Ifelt that Poesy was hovering nigh : Her spell was in my heart, before mine eye, dnd longed to words this glamour to reduce, Notof sweet sounds, fair shapes, and gorgeous hues That charm the ear and fascinate the sight, But new sensations born of pare delight. Through the wide chambers of my mind I sought To sI ana concentrate each errant thought; 'But, like a spectrum 'fore the closed eyes, They fled, in varied forms again to rise. Or, as the "phantom with the beckoning hand," lluring, still eluding, so to stand The airy fabrics of my brain refused. Why was it thus P My thoughts were i11 unloosed Toperfect urison with th' inspiring sight, Yet nothing, nothing, nothing could I write l AY BOEHmER. PBECE-OMEGRIAM. elthe last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 2,-Good day, my " Tourney" friends 1 Once more I stand in print before you; Again your mercy I implore For daring so to bore you. You ask me why I've stayed away So long without permission; Well, as I've heaps of time to-day, I'll state my sad position. The fact is, I've been first to work Till midnight since December 1 There I now sweet smiles I notice lurk Upon each facial member. You don't believe it ? Oh, dear, me I Well, here's another reason: I've written cons. by scores, you see, But all are out of season. Look here, if you so doubtful are, How can I satisfy you P One last excuse-the best by far- I'll next, and then defy you; The real truth is, I went to sea, Got swallowed by a winkle, But getting free, jumped on a bee, And flew home in a twinkle. F. G. WEBB, Southwark, ENIGMAS. S,-Never sleeping, still awake, At any call I, answering, speak; Yet I seldom talk for long, And I speak without a tongue. Naught but one thing can confound me- Many noises jarring round me. Now I am a dog or crow, I can bark or I can low, I can bleat, or I can sing Like the warblers of the spring. Let the love.sick bard complain, And I mourn the cruel pain; Let the happy swain rejoice, And I speak with cheerful voice; Both are welcome-grief or joy- I with either sport and toy; But I dread a silent breath, And a whisper is my death. J. TRIMBET. 1ev'1y street and roadway in the country You'll nd me, if you only care to seek; lcmmon as the dust marked by your footsteps, I'known alike to Saxon, Turk, and Greek. pnmSmall, I'm large, I'm light, and I am heavy, I'm eBry shape your mind can well conceive; Pmack, Im white, I'm blue, I'm green, I'm yellow, Pn b.rd, I'm soft, as you will soon perceive. _mhighly prized by all the dames of fashion, A-nd dorate full many a maiden fair; Oetft these very people on the highway Will spurn me with their feet as I lie there. hnlad I'm found, and in the ocean dreary I'm oft compelled to seek a resting-place; scorhed you'll see me near the hot equator, rzen at the Poles my form you'll trace. PHILO, Stonehaven. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 5.-A letter in brain; My next is insane; My third you may see in the day; , My fourth meaneth made; My fifth I have played; My sixth makes a prisoner gay. Much foolishness now; A great age, I vow; My last you will find in a name. My centrals will be, As you will all see, A curious, popular game. W. D. PIZCERINc, Southwark. -t o DELETION. aletter from the word chosen, leaving another word,) 6,0 kindred first, that looketh down SWhere fleecy mists cloud not the morn, Ajewel from thy starry crown , weet solace to my heart hath borne, _ wasbun a pearly drop that fell From starry eyes that smile abote, For tears of Pity upward well 1-"hen full the heart of tender love. we dream when bright next smiles, ohrgetful of the waking day, .oen sorrow clouds and joy beguies Tonmore the shadow of life's way; ThenPity quits her crystal throne, ofth wanders where pale Sorrow flies, a haispears soothe tne weary moan, S tears refresh the wistful eyes. REVE E. A. CnoAran, = w i REVESION. - ord hfwh read backward forms another word.) - A numeritcal adjective I am, Of letters only three. Reverse, a famous chemist's name S Vwarrant you'll then see. N3yuo.
OMEGRAM. (The lastletter of a word is changed to form another word) 8.-Oh, what a punning on names 1 Yea, what a sad ado I No longer is the gem titled as a G. O. M,, But a G. O. W. Well may I tear my hair And wail the " Tournament ;" Ah, merry punsters, dear, you will very early hear Of another " Gow's Lament." This is a serious first, And it should cause no surprise That I second, in the face of the facts, it is a " case For counsel to advise." My name, which is brief enough, Is all that he'll need to see; And if there's any pressure, I will send him a "refresher" In the shape of a Y. F. P. Now, in the teeth of the wind- The tongue of the Gael, I mean- A village is a "gow," and so I imagine now It will easily be seen That in making a common noun Of my uncommon name, I have proved to you, without any shadow of a doubt, " Gow " and " Hamlet" are the same. Mr. Agonistes, sir, Your pun is but a sham; In the effort that you made you sought the doubtful aid Of a certain Anna-gram. Erewhile, another wit Had tried to make me Go; While our Birmingham young friend put a t at the end Of my name for his jeu do mot. " What's in a name P" inquired Fair Avon's stately swan; A question that he never had propounded, if he ever Had written a " Tourney" con. If any sceptic ever thinks This statement scarcely true, In such a situation I will prove my allegation By handing him over to you I D. Gow. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 9.-The " Tournament" has many a joyous singer, But none can sing so sweet as M. L. Taylor; I hope that ev'ry day more joy will bring her, And that her love of song will never fail her. The " Tournament" has many a clever writer, But one surpasses all the rest, I trow, For none can picture darker scenes nor brighter Than that prolific Scotchman, David Gow. And F. G. Webb is worthy of our honours, For he can write so many pleasant rhymes; And F. R. Coulson comes again upon us As one who used to sing in bygone times. Miss Lottie W. sings in a measure As light and cheerful as the lark in spring; And Edith Rendle's verses give us pleasure; Miss Amy Boehmer, too, can sweetly sing. Tom Royston's at the foot of the first column, And we may shortly see him in the middle; Perhaps he'll reach the top in the next volume- That is, if he indites the smartest riddle. Ye knights whose famous names I here insert, And ye whose names I have not mentioned, too, Forgive me if your feelings I have hurt; I'm sure I mean offence to none of you. ScRIsniz. 10.-Unconscious of my gaze he moved along, His tattered clothing fluttering in the wind, And fear ran through me as into his coat He placed his shaking hand, something to find. For then he darted furtive looks around. But saw me not, as, with a sickly smile, His hand from out the pocket he withdrew, And held up to the light-a little phial l Without a cry, he raised it to his lips, But e'er he drank I hastened to his side, And spoke, " Make not your sin, my man, the worse By trying that poison from me to hide. Remember, but for me you'd not been here Alive, just at this moment. Think, man, think l" " Now, look here, bloke, none of that bosh," he said. " I've got a drop of whiskey here to drink I" T. RoYsToN, Birmingham. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word leaving another wordJ 11.-In a certain house, in a certain street, A professor did his pupils meet; Where young men gained enough of knowledge To enter them at any college. One morn they all stood round the gate, Some had been early, and some were late ; But no one entered, for on the door A paper this simple legend bore : " By sudden business called away, The professor can't meet his first to-day. Then a youth said, " If out this letter I rubbed, the notice would look better." Upon the notice the young men gazed, While from it the youth one letter 'rased; And then with glee it seemed to say, " The professor can't meet his next to.day 1" The professor's business being o'er, See him appear his house before, And see him read the placard on his door. " Some of my loving pupils have been here," He said; "but I'll repay them, never fear I They have erased a letter-very smart Indeed; but I will also do my part. If I eliminated just one more, 'Twould look as well, or better, than before ' The experiment I'll try." Thus having said, From the same word he cut another head. Then to all passers-by the notice read, " By sudden business called away, The professor can't meet his last to-day." PATRICK S., Belfast. 12.-Young Tommy started off to school, His first upon his back; But Tommy did not keep the rule, So stayed to play with Jack. But when he got to school that day, It made the teacher vexed Because he stayed away to play, Which caused him to be next. J. T. SnITH, Birmingham. 13.-I am but small, but, when complete, Enough to gut a country seat; Beheaded, then to all is found A piece of recreation ground; Again behead, and you will find I once contained all human kind.
SrNTAX, Warrington. 14.-" Fair maid, there's a verb which means to plague and torment; Now, how will you treat it to give us content P" "The answer is plain," the maiden then said; " To gain rest and comfort, just cut off its head." G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. 15.-All boys are second who invest Their money in such wretched first As "Pirate Kings," "The Robbers' Nest," And kindred " tales " with which we're cursed. SAMUEL DE BEAR. 16.--My primal is an animal This country cannot claim; Behead, and you will quickly see Part of the human frame. G. SoALrs, Lime rie.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ 17.-The sun was shining brightly, though unsettled was the weather, As in a light and happy mood we started off together; And here, dear friends, perhaps it might be just as well to mention To spend a day at Epping Forest was our true intention. Whilst waiting at a station situated in the City, We came across a half a dozen schoolgirls, young and pretty. Our train steamed in, we took our seats, and as the whistle blew, With blushing hesitation, those young ladies entered too. They all alighted when the train arived at Chiugford station, And so did we, because, you see, that was our destina- tion. But here we separated from the girls of fair complexion, For they with one accord went in an opposite direction. But still we managed pleasantly to pass away the hours, Enjoyed the breeze, admired the trees, and plucked the forest flowers; Then, feeling rather hungry and unquestionably thirsty, We had tea at a cottage-well, we'd often had a worse tea- And then once more we wandered on where many a sylvan glade is, When who should we espy but the aforementioned young ladies 1 Then what we thought amusing, and at which both of us laughed, Was this-that very moment they were being photo. graphed. A very charming group they made, if we the truth must tell, And though they blushed on seeing us, no doubt they "came out well." To introduce ourselves to them of course we felt too shy, And yet we sighed when they had gone, although we knew not why. We took another ramble, for the time was " all our own," And what a pleasure 'twas to be within the woods alone I But when the sun had sunk to rest within the western sky, We left sweet Epping Forest with affectionate good-bye. AIcHna B. AND JUAN C. DRENON. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 18.-A stern old bull.dog, clad in buff and steel, Whose sword-blade made the haughty Spaniard reel; Whose stout arm swept their galleons off the sea, And from their tyrant's yoke kept England free. Not always cruel, though in fear and dread We see him hovering o'er some loved one's bed; He plucks the tender buds with loving care, For they are his dear IMaster's flow'rets rare, To be replanted in a little while Within the sunshine of his loving smile. Cross Words. That burly form in panoply of brass Beneath his hand fell lifeless on the grass. Sweet flower, purest, loveliest, and best, Long may it be untarnished on our crest. Land of burning sands and heroic deeds, Of warlike sheiks and fleet and fiery steeds. Engaged to arm for beauty and for right, In glittering steel from head to heel bedight. But for the Hand that guides it on its way, Where wouldst thou be, presumptuous thing of clay P E. BLAIt, Liverpool. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 19.-In my initials there is plainly seen A lady riddler who has won great fame. For years a faithful member she has been- I hope she always will remain the same. Cross Words. O little lark, how sweetly you are singing I O'er hill and dale thy primal notes are ringing. A well-known riddling boy-my next displays, Who's come again to cheer us with his lays. This is a mineral of the metal kind; The name of it I ask you all to find. In fourth you will behold an evergreen, In country places which is often seen. As o'er the fifth our bark did swiftly bound, The sun was shining brightly all around. My sixth unfold; you'll then distinctly see The name of anything or quality. You should not waste the bread like next, my lad; Some beggar would with it be very glad. What's used by all my eighth will truly give; Without it man nor beast could never live. In ninth there will be seen by every one The time in which the earth moves round the sun. I wish that I could find a friend or two Who would through tenth to me be staunch and true. In Young Folks Paper very next I see Some bard displaying great ability. I bought a penny last the other day, And then I threw the useless thing away. GOLDEN CLOUD. Birkenhesa: ARITHMOREM. (An aorostlo. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 20.-This little bird Pours forth its song so sweetly, That when once heard It charms the ear completely. Cross Words. 1,000 and pyhn A goddess is this; 101 ,, e Hard water, I wis; 55 ,, cog The shape of your hand; 101 ,, h A raised piece of land; 1,000 ,, heats A river-you know it; 601 ,, y Well known to the poet; 106 ,, one You were this ? Sowas I, sir; 550 ,, og Beloved by the miser; 101 ,, poart A fruit, most delicious; 550 ,, orepa An animal vicious; 1,001 ,, stoge Conceit, or self-praise, sir. I've finished. Good day, sir. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. NUMERICAL CHARADE. (A word, the letters of which form other words when rearranged as the numbers direect.l
21.-A youth residing in my whole, Desired to go to sea; He hadra most ambitious soul, As you will shortly see. He'd read in stirring tales about Great men and pirates bold; So one fine morning started out In search of fame and gold. 8, 2, 3, 4 Find a word denoting danger; Peril, too, it signifies. 4, 5, 7, 8 Then an inseot rather little, Every one in second spies. 4, 2, 3, 7 Here you purchase bread or butter ; Anything you may require. 2, 3,q Portion of the human body; Guess it, friends, and do not tire. SAILos KnG=rr, Keniuigton.
NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 22.-Unknown, I come to claim a share of this your "Tourney" great, And trust that unto me you will a hearty welcome give; So like a martyr patiently for answer I will wait, And hope you will remember, sirs, " to live and yet let live." The "Tournament" for many weeks I have perused with joy, And many riddlers' names do now familiar get to me. How smilingly provoking are the cons. of merry Troyl And how nice are Pick'ring's poems of the open, bound. ing seal Bright Gow, the prince of poetry, his fame to all is known; Who can read his poems and not feel a thrill at heart ? And our funny man is F. G. Webb, who has such talent shown, And with Marshall not a riddler in the "Tournament" would part. Tom Kitchner, as a poet, has now won a famous name, Whilst Price and Scales undoubtedly deserve the greatest praise; Both Harrington and Coulson have secured a lasting fame, And Mr. Wallis, you will own, can write some sterling lays. Our ladies, too, do muster strong, and help to swell the ranks: Queen Marion wields her sceptre now with dignity and grace, And from her subjects ev'ry week accepts their warmest thanks, Whilst ev'ry lady in the " Tourney" strives to gain a place. Now, Ed., I ask, in pity, do accept my little con., And give me just one little chance to win a laurel crown; The con. itself, no doubt you'll say, is far from being bon, But with others I will take my chance to win a great reflown. LouisA W. JEFFERSON, Holborn. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central lettes of a word to form another word.) 23.-Oh, where are thy footsteps, my love, my love P Why keep thou me waiting so long ? I hear not thy laughter so sweet and clear, To tell of thy presence, my love so dear, I hear not thy well.beloved song. Oh, come, my love, ere the gloom of night Envelops in darkness the even's light1 Oh, where are thy whispers, my love, my love, So tender and lovingly given ? I long for thy blushes so pure and bright, To view in those eyes of wondrous light A reflect of glorious heaven. Oh, say we will meet ere the sun's last ray But marks the decline of another day I Oh, where are thy praises, my love, my love ? Thy help that is given so free P? To comfort the weary with words so wise, And tell in the depth of your sweetest of eyes Their sorrow is painful to thee. Oh, come, my love, first the next is sped I But the breeze sadly murmurs, " Thy love is dead." EXCELSIOR. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 24.-If a man's caught by a wind-storm, Or gets into a row, He probably may lose his first; I've known it done ere now. To hint my next, in riddling way, I'm rather short of wit; But this may do-a drunkard's nose Is very often it. My whole exists 'tween man and man Who still are bitter foes, And each the other tries to hurt, Thus each adds to his woes. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. 25.-My first's a preposition You make use of every day; My next a pronoun surely is- No need for more to say; My last's a preposition, too, As everybody knows; My whole's a useful kind of root That in the garden grows. DEMANCHES. 26.-First will be a kind of food- 'Tis eaten oft with bread; A winged insect, as you'll see, My next will be instead; When the sun is brightly shining, When the sky is clear and blue, Whole will often then be seen, For it is an insect, too. F. PHILLIPz, Mottingham. 27.-If not as well as usual, you are said To be below my first. Hold not thy head, Proud man, too high, although thy rank be reckoned As great as is denoted by my second. If by mishap I hurt you, or offend, I'll beg of you my whole, and strive to mend. C. SMITH. 28.-My first a common weapon brings to view, And next on ev'ry river's seen by you; And when together both of these you've joined, A useful kind of vessel you will find. D. HODGeINSON. 29.-When my first are on your nert, Dear Ed., with me do not get vexed, Or else my whole I'll send to you; He'll make you look extremely blue. R. H. BUNKALL. CONUNDRUM. 30.-Come, list to me, each merry riddling bard, And solve this puzzle ('tis not very hard): What British coaling-station in the East Would make a fitting lair for a wild beast ? A. AMBERLEY.