iD-LE -TOURNAMENT. nOTTBLE ACROSTICS.
i(lsilletters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. L-I gaze upon it through a mist of tears, That life.llhie primal of the dear old home, Where pised in happiness my childish years,. iafor? the voico of Fate e'er bade me roam. - TheCestands the house, behind the grove of oaks * 'Nesth which we picnicked in the summer hours, A group of noisy, romping youthful folks, Rejoicing in the sunshine and the flowers. Ialaust see the merry shepherd boys Urging their bleating flocks across the lea; Islnost hear the multitudinous voice From the far folds on breezes borne to me. orer yon cliffs the mighty billows roar, Ad toss in ceaseless turmoil clouds of spray. Bow oft I wandered on that sun-beat shore, Where now my lingering footsteps ne'er may stray I! ihi wguld I might again in fial see Ounch more the scenes which through my memory roam I! Then would my joy untinged with sadness be. Earth's brightest spot-my dearly-loved old home ! Cross Words. How can I describe thee, primal, say ? For men who fight and conquer know thee well; In divers forms we meet thee every day, And pass our lives beneath thy magic spell. Thou comest in the winter; but a ray From genial Sol will make thee haste away. 0 waxen flower, how can I sing of thee ? Perfected loveliness though thou mightea be, eNo admiration canst thou gain from me. The honest, humble labourer knows thee well, And he of higher station Must not for a moment shirk thee, or be afraid of work, If desirous of a famqus reputation. Though this is unreliable, And though we must curtail it ere 'tis ready to compete, The fact is undeniable Imnst, alas ! make use of it my riddle to complete. It may be given by you to me to-day, And others may a host on me bestow; But whether hot or cool, I cannot say- They vary so, you know. Ah, pity him who feels the pangs of this, 'he harsh destroyer of all human bliss. MARION AND AmY. Foundation Words. 2.-On England's page they shine, heroic, grand, Two sturdy leaders of a gallant band. Though one, alas I! on fatal Shalgrove field, To Death, the grim destroyer, had to yield, The greater star still triumphantly shone Upon the feeble tyrant's tottering throne, Till, like a house on sand, it tumbled down, And buried in its ruins king and crown. Cross Words. I'm often heard at fair and faction fight, When Paddy's blackthorn swings to left and right. So beauteous, lovely, fragile, child of air, Sweet spirit in the sky so bright and fair. A drink that oft the lusty Saxons quaffed, And mighty beakers emptied aba draught. In quaint old China next we'll take a look, And claim a city there by hook or crook. Brave Wellington essayed its treacherous wave, And nearly perished in a watery grave. A title by a recent Premier borne, Whose 19ss some politicians have to mourn. A heroine of Dickens, gentle, true; We cannot help but love her through and through. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 3.-I seize my well-worn quill and light a taper, Then madly search' for first-less sheets of paper; For Musa fair hath cast her mantle o'er me, And I must write An ode to love, or to the wild waves stormy A verse indite. Or econd rush headlong into the " Tourney," And o'er the third of myst'ry take a journey; Fourth to the dregs the cup of wit and humour For which I've longed, And out of which,if I may credit rumour, I've long been wronged. Tong, long have I for glory been aspiring - The fame of riddling klighta is ever firiT My soul poetic to those feats of daring Which Gow with ease Accomplishes, without the least impairing His pow'r to please. PAILO. OMEGRAMS. Ths last letter of a word is ohanged to form another word.) 4.-He spoke with matchless eloquence, And held his audiences spellbound ; They heard with interest intense His arguments of thund'ring sound. , With first enthusiasm fired, SHe said, in ultra-tragic tones, One m ia is by another hired To laboui: Is this. freedomP" (Groans.) "Nest you endure it"-(ories of "No l")- "This wroi.and tyranny alike P The iron now is hot, and so Y our duty plainly is to strike I" "Oh, be it, guv'nor P"' said a man, With awful irony. f' We'll strike, And starve, or live as best we can !. Strike I" bellowed he; " strike Jou, more lik I"" He'd touched an answering chord; the tide Against the oretor was turned, And that which ers.t they ratified, The crowd, now grown dissentient, spurned. And when the speaker, with a wail, Declaredlthem oh their final legs With famine; to iebrove the tale, They showed lhim stores of flour and eggs! D. Gow. .-.1 wander through ameze of darkest night, Cimmeriau'daikn'es chltses aid around- hoglimm'rigs ray meet my desponding sight, SatY hopes have all been dashed down to the ground. Yfirrt is almdst hrokid'with my grief, The ground Iik,inu'dd with my tears, Nor do those tears affdrd. my soul relief. My great prizd pizzle Jtwas the work of years- . Rnuder thnt-suogrIef distracts my miiiid !- pL grand, myg.eatirize puzzle is dooelinedl . Dye lt.... -.r.... 0.. there's such a chauge ! nof doy (Yyou needalot think it strangg), Lsmifule~nd laugh~whdiiea before I weap. w auldoY°Uiid what made my akrne~i bright ? . .'o you tW:he cause of all my:joy ' .' Ut ou , ..lPaper: " Peter Wright,-
S- DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 6.-Sometimes I indulge in pleasant dreams Of bygone riddlers, and the glorious fame ' That o'er their pathways shine in golden beams, . Which makes me sigh, and long to earn the same;: And th n I sit me down in hopeful glee, Resolved to write at least a dozen rhymes; But,'ah I sweet Musa only visits me Sometimes. Sometimes in my desk there comes to light A host of finale, numb'rii,g not a few, Which long have lain, since Musa took her flight, And left me with a dozen lines to do ! And, oh, the many subjects they proclaim I From summer winds to merry Christmas chimes, All tend to show how I have yearned for fame Sometimes. Perhaps ere eighteen eighty-five has sped, I'll rank among the poe. s of the day; And with. a poet's crown upon my head, In dreaming dreams I'll pass my life away. But should the Musa show a strong desire To " cut " me for the bards in other climes, I still shallfirst upon a tuneless lyre Sometimes I PePPrr METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-'Neath sylvan shades we wandered, Arm in arm, my love and I, While seriously I pondered, With many a heavy sigh, Of the inevitable parting We both must keep in view; While, with loving glances darting, She promised to be true. Oh, the sighing and the crying I remember well to.day, As the timid first went flying Down the narrow, wooded way. Her bright tears still were falling, How to next I scarcely knew; But I left, and heard her calling, "Dear love, I will be true." She was left, but to all lovers She became as cold as stone; For she had no love for others- Her heart was mine alone. Great wealth was freely proffered, And titles not a few Were to my dear love offered, Who steadfimstly kept true. For years I sailed the ocean, Where sad thoughts would oft recur, But in my deep emotion I never doubted her. At last I homeward started Across the waters blue, And found her where we parted Expecting me-and true. We soon stood before the altar, And she's been my joy through life; I have never seen her falter In her duty as a wife. In sickness, health, or sorrow, I've ne'er had cause to rue; For with every fresh to-morrow I find my wife is true. A. E. HOOPEa. 8.-Rouse up, men, and man the lifeboat, There are lives for you to save; See the forms on yonder vessel, Snatch them from a watery grave. Drag the lifeboat from the shelter, Let the beauty feel the tide; Put your hearts into the struggle, Safe we'll o'er the waters ride. Onward first the gallant seamen, Blinded by the flying spray; O'er the waves they'dash, undaunted, To the ship so far away. Hear the cheers that next salute them As the shattered ship they reach; Soon the storm-tossed boat is flying Back towards the sandy beach. E. A. CaoasAn. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 9.-Some years ago, we had a this, A little pet was he; He used to romp and jump about So very friskily. The price for him was eighteenpence, When he was very small; He learned to guard the house at night, Also the ga~den wall. We kept him over thirteen years, Then suffered he much pain; Rheumatism was his complaift- That to us was quite plain. He was a this when he was bought, And always called the same, Although he lived so many years And owned a pretty name. At last he grew so very bad We had to'have him shot; But though he has been dead some time, Poor is not forgot. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. IONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 10.-E nthusiasts there are who~rise betimes to. gaze upon the skies, V ariously streaked and tinted by the sun's ascending orb; Enraptured; listen to the lays of various songbirds as they rise, L ing'ring 'midst the firsl.soaked leaves, until their systems soon absorb I nfinenza-breeding vapours; then, with voices hoarse and low, N oses red and eyes so watery, home despondently they go. E natertaining no such fancies, at a later hour I rtise Conscious of most fragrant odours that from lower realms ascend; G oing downin second course, a glorious sight salutes my eyes: R ashers ecrisp, hot, rolls, and coffee, all their, odounra sweetly blend. A nd a "mourning. son" (my neighbour's)-poo~ child I he's had a fall- Yells' his usual morning greetings to me throg'h th~e party wiall. S. FEmNLLN AND G. H. YERxaa. SARITHMDORE. . . (An acrostic, Tlheletters of cross words that are Ro~nn numerals
expressed in u;ures.) S Foundation Word. 11.''Prmralse' r .ead wnwards, a word' will sbhow Whiclmeans.the countenance, you iust' know O : oss Words. 52 and php. A boy's name. 1,000: ,, oshan A vehicle. 100 ,, 'bhay A vessel. 101 , osagasa Sapient. 2.. ,: trorn: Inside... '701: l, teno The west. 151 ,, (gube .. Oredulois .., 1,500 ,, ano. , A gipsy 50 ,. toepun., Wealthy. 1,151 ..are : Som n . gw.n.erful. 50 4 eli Tob'd:k - `' '`U 14oua, ri 4nconw;
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In s word to form another word.) 12.-Why is it that she thinks of him Througho,,t the livelong day ? Why is it that when him she meets She scarce knows what to say? And why should that deep, rosy red Spread o'er her face as he goes by ? Or. if he stops and takes her hand. Why beats her heart so rapidly ? Why does she feel that glarlsome thrill When others speak his name with praise ? Or, if they use a slighting first, Why does it anger 'gainst them raise ? Why did she feel that sickening pang, And paininl ilushes quickly start When the malicious whisperers Said some fair girl had won his heart ? 'Tis not quite known, nor would she own What some were quick to neat'; And should you ever mention it You'd only make her vexed. Experienced ones say there are signs That easily will prove The awful fact to any one This maiden is in love. EDITH K. RENDLE. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 13.-Marion Taylor, queen of song! May she to the " T." belong For ever; And the friendship that has been Long 'twixt riddl-rs and their queen Ne'er sever. Edith Rendle, brilliant bard, For bright fame has struggled hard, And won it. Upon our page she's always been, And few more clever could be seen Upon it. Amy Boehmer, riddler bright ! Brilliant as the stars of night Are poems from Her facile and all-powerful pen; And may the time be never when She'll cease to come. David Gow, the riddling knight, Wields a weapon in the fight That, you'll admit, Would make some shades of poets who Have long departed give a " Whew 1" And upward sit. Fred Wallis, too, I here should name, For he has climbed the ladder Fame- Or nearly. Read his cons. that here have been; In most satire and wit are seen Quite clearly. Of other bards who herein sang I much would like to say a thing Or two; But as I don't think Ed. with grace Would let me take up too much space, I'll say adiuu. T. ROYsTON, Birmingham, PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 14.-As a singer, I'm not of high reputation- Now, don't say a word against that; I may he, no doubt, in my own estimation- Now, don't say a word against that; I'll sing you a song that is truly novicious, 'Twill make you exclaim, "It is really deliious!I" A poor first like myself is ever ambitious- Now, don't say a word against that. To the " Tourney" of late I've shown some devotion- Now, don't say a word against that; And sent in my cons. which were penned on the ocean- Now, don't say a word against that; A voyage I have been, 'midst its perils and dangers, With very few friends and some Last-headed strangers, Surroun led by many adventurous rangers- Now, don't say a word against that. The sea has its chnrms, but I'd not be a sailor- Now, don't say a word against that; Prefer I my home and my trade as a tailor- Now, don't say a word against that. I've been bustled about, and had the cold shoulder, But all that has made me more thoughtful and bolder; I surely get rational as I grow older- Now, don't say a word against that. In England beloved we have decent protection- Now, don't say a word against that; Her statesmen have sprung up in proper perfection- Now, don't say a word against that; She maintains her full rights, and her foemen defying, If danger is near her, in wait she is lying, Though peace with all honour she would be espying- Now, don't say a word against that. W. CARTER, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whloh is a word.) 15.-My first's the opposite to short (This con. won't take you long); My neat in ev'ry river's found (I've nearly done my song); Now, if those twd you just unite, An Irish town they'll bring to light. DEliANCHES. 16.-Without my first you. could not do; My second is something you wear; And my whole is composed of many a hue To which nothiug can compare. J. STocrs.