; i. rl'flTTRN A 1c1A T7 r !UAIBA V V1E DUA.OMEGR 'Jk NASRAITIVE DTA-OMEGRAbM.
st two p d last letters of a word to form another the fir word, expressed In the narratlve.l 1-With Luna, a dumb, faithful guide, By the sea I am aimlessly strolling; The stillness defied By the incoming tide, By the billows so ceaselessly rolling. And I think as I listlessly roam Of life and its hopeless condition- An era of strife till a home It finds for its restless ambition. And I ask is it worthy the fight- The struggle of hope and dissension P But the waves rolling in in their might Give noisy assent to contention. pare love, does it exist on earth P Can love e'er be found by the seeking P We know not its worth, It is crushed in its birth- Dread selfishness has its safe keeping. And its glorious labour is lost In this kingdom where pity is chilling, Where self reigns supreme to its cost, Its mission, true love, unfulfllling. Boll, waves-let your will have its sway, For your voice and my thoughts will accord Shine, Luna, and light me the way, For I'd fain for my peace roam abroad. J. STOCxK, Ryde. NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAM. the first mnd last letters of a word to form another word. S expressed In the narrative.) ,-With what pleasure beyond measure Do we read this page I Dreary hours pass like show'rs As the cons. we gauge. To the writers who delight us We our homage send; May they never friendships sever As through life they wend. Always charming, never harming, Each one strives to write Verses teasing, bent on pleasing Every dame and knight. Gaily singing, voices ringing As they onward go; Never sighing, quick defying Every "Tourney " foe. Amy HALLOTT AND MARY MILLER. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. lItletter o a word is changed to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 3,-I've lost thee, beloved, beloved, I've searched over field and lea, All by the dusty roadsides, And down by the sobbing sea. I've lost thee, I've lost thee, beloved; Though I've searched over hill and lane, Iam sadly afraid, oh, my treasure, I shall never find thee again. At thought of thy loss, my treasure, The tears from my eyes fast fall; Oh, how could I be such a stupid As to lose my most prized parasol LILIAN DOUGLAS, Kennington. CURTAILMENT. (Dopthe flal letter of a word. leaving another word.) hMarion, your gentle words Have filled my heart with gladness; Touched, though, with something of regret, And something, top, of sadness. Because they seem to bear to me Strange thoughts and many a feeling; So that I cannot hope to speak All that my mind's concealing. You say your muse is failing fast, Your harp is last more golden; Yet, Marion, you thrill opr hearts Now as in days of olden. You speak of leaving us, dear friend, Resigning your position; But, oh, I fain would ask you now To alter that decision. For many years your winning songs Bave echoed through the " Tourney," Have cheered and brightened maids and knights Throughout life's changing journey. We cannot let you leave us thus ; We all would crowd around you And bid you linger still 'mid those To whom love's ties have bound you. Yon should lirst speak of me as "queen," A title nundeserved ; For there are others, better far, For whom it is reserved. Though even at the thought my heart With pride and oy is beating; No one has offered me, dear friend, A better New Year's greeting. Bit you as queen must still with us Upraise our golden banner, And cheer our pathways day by day Yith all your old-time manner. thankyou,dear, for every word Of yours, so kind and loving ; et, all the same, we cannot have Our Marion from us roving. Stay, stay with is, dear lady queen, And talk not of desertion rom your high post, so well deserved- e scorn the mere assertion. in conclusion, I would wish Areign of joy and peace, dear; llppiness ad blessings twined With love that cannot cease, dear. NELLIE WATSOn, Cheshunt. VERBAL CHARADE. IAord, each letter of which is treated separately.) 5.'y first is in nap, but not in whist; My secrod's in happy, but not in bliss; My third is in parcel, but not in bag; My fourth is in follow, but not in drag; My fifth is in Kate, and also in Nell: My sixth is in stone, and also in shell; And my whole is the name of a town. E. I oonx. enose the TRANSPOSITION. ss thlers in a word to form another word.) 6-J-ack and I-my fiaat, you know- A second drove out West ut being the reverse of thErid, _Ve thought it would be best To turn them into last; so we put them to death quite speedily. -L CONUNDIUM, ConA.. 'Liste all ye "Tourney " riddlers, And solve this con. for me; Why shoultd every man of spirit Avoid the letter E P T, WARD, Dablin,
(Change the first and last letters of a word to form psot lee rd.) .- -v eii, you are a oneeky neggar, coming nere wir ti ir and swagger, . . - Frightening us timid creatures, P.M.I.O,W,; I can grin and bear a good deal, but, my boy, you.really should deal -, ,' Blows that don't quite flabbergast us, knocking, ll our sense askew. Say, I'd like to know, Philander) do you very often wander In your sleep and in your mind, and think extremely foolish things P And the thing I have first deeming is that you have thus been dreaming, And erxect us to believe as trunth your muddled wan. derings. If you think this is erroneous, gentleman with name euphonious, Take my true apology, and take defiance after that; If you really, really mean it, and'intend to king and queen it Over us, we'll have a word to say extremely plain and pat. You're not backward coming forward, freeman, minor, "chicken," or ward, And your cheek is so astonishing that. none could it surpass; You're a very good defender of your claim to the "Pre. tender," And, unlike the late Pretender, you've a good supply of brass. But by others you're forgiven, and it's very nice to live in Peace and amity with all e'en though we shouldn't all agree; And you're not quite blunt-witted, as I saw you had admitted That a famous riddling maid was equal to you in the So we'll shake, we shall, Philander, and I shall not raise your dander If you'll tak a place and second it in this riddling ring of ours; Then there'll be no false pretences, and my hand from that time hence is- Or shall be-his true defender 'gainet all other foemen's powers. IvAxN oz, Belfast. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressod In the narrative.) 9,-'Tis passing strange what wonders are now taking place each day, We soon shall be so busy that we'll have no time for play; We all know that the weather nowadays is very bad, And that the seasons mix themselves in manner rather sad. December, with its Christmas-time, will be in bright July, And with the aid of 'tricity we'll soon commence to fly; We then shall be like "dicky-birds" upon the "green. wood tree," And grocers will not bother us to buy their shilling tea. The " dress-improver" worn just now will soon be cast away, And "bloomer" costumes then revived and hold un. daunted sway; The "masher" who now walks the street, with cane so thick in hand, Will be converted, and, instead, join some Salvation band. The maid who thinks she is so sweet will be made into jam, The youth who never told a lie will "cram" for his exam. Then our editors, as prizes, will give themselves away, And lots of new surprises will be looming every day ; The papers of the present day are bought but never read- The cause of this is very plain: they're black and white instead. Undoubtedly in time to come they'll be the size of sheets; I'm sure we'll not object to this, 'twill be the best of treats. We have been told by some one, who says he greatly fears, Our days and nights in future will last ten thousand years. Such things as these will daze our knights, and no doubt all our da(y)mes Will shudder at the thought of what this statement new proclaims. In time you'll find a fellow cannot marry his own cousin, But other fellows' cousins he may marry by the dozen; - The law will change about so much that you will hardly know it, And everybody that you meet will swear he is a poet. The rain will find it's got no chance, and so will cease to fall, And give'it up to our good Queun, who then will do it all, It won't be long before we visit New York by the car, And then to England for a time we'll have to say ta, tal I think I've tried you're patience,'quite sufIicient for the nonce, ,I much regret I cannot hear what you say in response. T. E.' BARLEY, Manohestei. MONO PHONE. (Words of dlfferent meaning, but the same in sound.) 10.-I dreamt that King Oberon with his elfins came, And, taking me by the hand, Led me away to first the fairies dwelt, In a strange but beautiful land. And I thought I reclined on a throne of gold, That the fairies were standing around, While the elfins last dancing and chanting a song In the praise of one who was foud. , And a fairy came and said thiat'their queeni For years had been waiting for me; That I was her lover who had long been lost, And I learnt that her name was " She." And I scratched my head, and thought that I Htad heard of that name before; Then I awoke with a start, to hear:a vbice- "Come down to your tea, you bore i" C. PFAsncoxBE, Brighton. ENIGM A. 11.-A sign of servitude to those Who bow their heads to bear me; ' A bond of union I am found By patient ones who wear me. I'm kept within a prison cell Where daylight never lingers . Break down the wall I run away, And slip between your fingers. If I am caught and beaten well, Though airy, I will serve you; But left within my prison' ell In time I'll quite unnerve you. OaOrELaND. HIDDEN NAMES. 12.-I gave her two scarlet featherk.. She had on a long, red gar~hent. Maud ,thinks it was half red and half blue. They have already entered, I think. Tell Ann I expect her to come.--las. GauMInDGnE. 13.-Jacob observed his mistake soon after I arrived. I saw Mr. Barton in a boat smoking a cigar. Tpss us a nut or two over here, Charlie. I saw his naimO' aid address; it was Silas Storm, Axminster. A fellownaiied Lockhart hurt me during the football match.--Co~lp~ C
NABBRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the wod ihosn, ieaving anothdr word, ex. A trizzened od dotae,;' : . ; ' . ' And, nending coml~4; 'r : 'r5 ip ateof his "lp'kir4, * Which tobk the pplace ofoi oý,h o . The time was two.thirty, the cloak tiirtw s 4l~r' Announced on itsfigure S With punotja'+-t,. .. S Wlien just at that pecbn4 ,, : 1 The timepiece had, b eoksled, A man stepped intoothe ashep, And he glanced at our hero (P), whose nerves san to sero, And looked'seath the table, : Andu up at the gable, And all the chairs under, . . To make not a blunder, . S And his finger he placed on bhlellps.... "A secreti" the muttered. "What1 what l". anny stuttered;. " If that's what's,the matter,. You're mad as a batter . , To.trust me at all,. sir,- With secrets 'bove all, sir 1" - .4nd he rested his hands on his hips. " Hlst, hist I" cried the-stranger, "my life,is in danger- A Part of me's missing ; I lost it whilst kissing . An angel of beauty- An elegant duty, . And since it has never-been found., Not given to moping, I travelled here, hoping That.you would reveal-me A soul that would-heel me, And make me intact, sir; I- I'm longing, in fact, sir,. To journey belown safe and sound I" "Below!" Manny stammered; whilst feebly he hammered I As if 'twere a feather A piece of thick leather ; " I don't understand you- - Get hence, I command you, 'o' Satan I'll not sell one bitI" He then very faintly invoked all things saintly, And struck Monsieur Di'ble ' Three times with a Bible, Who, thus being banished, Most wondrously vanished As Manny fell down in a fit! S. DE BEAR AND F. W. CARTER. CEfTTRAL DELETION. (Drop aleotter from the centre of a word to form another.l 15.-Once again I am before you, Seeking to win your applause And with song Id fain implore you Kindly to support last cause. Oft attention you have lent me, Grant to me your patience still; Let your kind hearts now befriend me, Pardon all my want of skill.- Though my rhymes first not delight you, On me pray be not too hard; If these lines do not requite you Blame the muse and not the bard. T. WARD, Dublin. S CHARADES. (Formed one word each syllable of whibc Is a word.) 16.-Farewell- to the first I have been to for years, Farewell, yea, for ever farewell; To part with thee now almost brings me to tears, But 'tis for the best I can tell Farewell to. that dear old second of -mine, Farewell to our old pleasant roam ; " Sincerely I pray success may e'er shine On him and his old folks at home. SIssY WATrINs, Watford. 17.-Alas I the love of first is bound Too firmly in the human breast, And deep in last it must be found, According to this simile test; For if of totals I possessed ' A boundless store, I have no doubt I'd be distressed' And long for more. OO - O.a.UncK 18.-The soldier marches to the front - To meet his fate, whate'er it be; Perchance he may receive a wound, Perchance first fatal injury; Perchance he may escape unharmnh,. And from all hurt be fully free- He knows not what his lot will be. And in life's warfare, still the samne, We forward go-still blindly we-- With difficulties e'er complete, To meet our fate, whate'er it be. Perchance we may succumb to them, Perchance we'll gain the victory- We know not what our lots will be. S-" J. HEsT, DOUBLE ACROSTICS.. (The final letters. as well as the Initials, form a word, or words,) 19.-Oh, he was a bobby just first to the beat, And he thought of his girl as he walked ip the street, And second was her pretty name ; He wondered if she a first sweetheart had found- Third me tell you he was in a study profound, And he felt far more savage than tame. With his head held erect, and his nose in the air, He heeds not the small boy who's lingering there, So small, fourth be scarcely could be; - " - He sees not the orange peel fall from his hand So gently, but when he tries on it to stand Straight downfifth the gutter falls he. Now let he that standeth take heed lest lie fall, Bixth bobbies at times should this mazini-recall, And mind where they put down their feet;-- - - If primal aid finals you've duly found opt,t , You'll find there a riddler without any doubt- A maiden whose riddles are clever and leat. , MAGGIE CONQUER, Newcastle. Foundation Words. 20.-Primal&: The name of a celebrated English tra. Redian, who died on Jan. 22,1868 . inals: The name of 1 a celebrated English statesman, who died -on Jan. 23, 1806. - Gross Words. A water-fowl you'll please to find. An ancient prophet call to mind. Belating to the stars, you'll see. A wretched fellow this will be. -An-azure-stone now gteets 'our sight. A noted time now bring tnlight - A method or a scheme's here seen, To steal a child this word will mean. A Scripture name doth now appear. A skilful person look for here. . And now we float on water clear.- W. C. dranxo . 1 LOGOGRIPH. 1 iA word which may be treated as a metgritc,it;bitkIaton, dil*'. tion, and t;ransposltion, but leaves a prteet wordeafter eobh operation.l .- . ,., 21.-Behead a river, and you'll find " G - C What the Itndlord Wants is left behind; Behead once more, and then transpose, ' . What fishermen use it Fill disclose; : . But now reverse, and you will see . A ~number it will surely be., . - F. E. HIND, Hullh 4
ARITHMOREM. (An aerostio, 'heletters fto awfeords that are ROmqlAtainerall SoumlUeoan tKusIr I it ,. A Foundatioun._ord. 22.--There, within the courtyprd, listening First is waitingtk. you; rd ; , ' And his datk eyesthere aregheltnine, ,: While he waits, silent atidsteadny, ,h,, ltl £1 r, Only till you darettokenter, -, ." Then you'll find'hls preseloe dear. If you only dare to venture, You Pii have gqod oaaee. t mr, " Cross Words '55 and e IT nb go'' ' 51 ,, o T1A re i4... 100 , ug Is a.brd. W. A. LIAxctoei, London. METAG.AM. ý. ; ,i (Change the first letter of a word to form another word,l . .: 41seaks.). 23.-I'm in love . Whata thrilling sensation l:. It flutters'and lurries one so ;. My heart beats with a quickened pulsation Whilst walking my.beat to and fro... It is caused ,by a maiden of wenty Who smiles-or rather Ip.s-0on lYat; Wears red irathas a nose shakt and'lyithy " And second of size triblve feet Jd boot.- . She's a servant, and. ooklnjg's lier hobby, 'She arranges her dishes wit taste; i She remembers her hard.wdork ' ng boy,, So there's never much grw b goest, 4a.te I know you won't think her a fairy, " Though she is a model of.thrift; . Still she's light on her feet, is my Mary, Because they're too heavy to lift. . I'll wed her when the weather gets flier, For I'll soon be leaving the force; Then I'll take her a trip on a liner, And she'll find the "rhiio," of'course. 9. FITZGERRALD. META.OMEGRA. ' (Change the flrst and last letters of a word to formanothqr word.). 24.-They slept while the countless ages rolled, But now have roused from'their perfect peace; For, lo in the " Tourney"' kanks behold The deathless heroes of ancient Greece! On mystic islands beyond the west, First dream-islands beyond the seas, Centuries Idng they had last at rest.- Theseus, Ieotor, and Hercules ' Bnt a west wind, hearing the " Tourney's" throng, Bore echoes back o'er the tranquil seas ; . And it wakened, that marvellous charm of song, Theseus, HIector, and Hercules . Of all the praises the heroes gain, * None are more hearty than Lilian D.'s; Oh, may they their strength of old maintain,. Brave Theseus, Hector, and Hercules! L.' Do.anes,. Kennington. MEDLEY PUTZLE. ' 25.-The name of the English king during whose reign this incident occurred is buried, one letter eadh,in the first twelve anagrams. The date of his accession is similarly buried in the last six anagrams, making the latter half of the puzzle a. chronosticon. There is a pleasant story of a New Year's gift, in which the torne jester, Chary Strongam, gifrue, as foronce-not the maker but, the victim of a jest. Coming on. that, morning to a monbanel to bid him good morrow, Archy. dsevicser a few gold copies, which, however, langlif. short of his taxopenscite in amount, he'shook disocontentedly in his hand tremintug that they were too light. The donor dasi; '" Triphee, then,. Arohy, let me see methagain,, dam, by the way. there is one of ,them which I would,b6lQthbtpart. with.'" Hyora, psoqDigtex to get an tor(es argo gift, re., turned the pieces to his lordship, wk1o pitthemqino his1 pocket with the remark, "I once-sega my money into! the, hands :of a fool who had pot the .wit tokeep it." "S...." WOD HEXAGO&., ". a.L (A complete word to be made out of the asterisks front figure to figure.) . 26.- 2 3 1* 9 * " * . .4 5 V... From 1to 4. To load a vessel,. ,, 5 ,, 3. The least quantity, " ,, 2 ,, 6.' One who bequeaths. ,, 1,, 2. To pass by wading. ,, 2 ,, 3. A military instrunent. 3 ,,.4. Timber for sails, .. ,, 1 ,, 5, Froth. ,, 5 ti. Amarsh. .. ,, 6 ,, 4. A crust which forms on metals,. DIAMOND PUZZLE: .. . G. 27,-First is a'eonsonant,y'ou will seel The next a couple-will surely be Third is a soldier's weapon, you'll find;.. .Andfourth is metal when unrefined; For fifth a consonant call to mind. M.- WAnD, Dublin. CONUNDRUMS. 28.-Just glance at this little conundrum, And answeriit if you can.. What pact of ahy establishment Is like a merchant's shopman P T. WARD, Dublin, 29.-Why is a blackbird like a brave soldier P C. M~anouss. 80.-What is that which you cannot see, although it is always before you P--C. WAnasn., 31.-Why is the man who deliters your trunk like one who formerly attended a printing-press P-Sror. 82.-Why is a man who never used a scythe like Shake, spears P-YsrrmY-YHErsza.. S3.-How can you add one.third to a number by sub. tracting one-third from it --G. Swirr.