RIDDLE TOURNAME~T. BETAGRAMS. (Chnge te second letter of a word to form another word.) S .,.^. lm ,-of Plnf n An.rkaoma_
.:llro, gh the realms of Pluto darksome, rWhere the sunlight never lingers, Wanders Orpheus with his primal, Sweetest of all Hellas' singers. Tears like crystals gem his lashes-- Sad of heart and worn is he, Searching, half in hope, half hopeless, For his lost Eurydice. With his voice of wondrous sweetness, With his soft and mystic number, He has stopped Ixion's wheel, and Lulled poor Tantalus to slumber. E'en the Furies have relented, Charmbd by his melody; Yet the strain has lost its magio- Brings not back Eurydice I Pluto bends his head to listen To his piteous lamenting; Towards the youth in his bereavement E'en his iron wrath's relenting. is If thou'lt quit my kingdom Hades, To our shades a stranger be, Then will I-but turn not backward- Bring life to Eurydice." Orpheus doth assent right gladly- Back his steps returning hastens; But when nearing Hades' portals, Like a second on him fastens Curiosity; he looks back His lost one's fair form to see: Just one glimpse, and all is over- Lost for aye Eurydice I JENNIE ARTHUtR. 2.-0 Frederick, my Frederick, the picnicking is o'er- The kidney-pie, put gently by, has gone for evermore; The "crusted port" at one-and.three, the butter fresh and new, The bread I helped to carry, and the cakes and apples, too; The oranges which "Grecian Cox" did in a bag disclose, The joint.stock cocoanut, first by three scientific throws, All-all are gone, as if to prove things are not what they seem: Even mince pies and sandwiches have vanished like a dream I 0 Frederick, my Frederick, 'neath " trees umbrageous," then What subjects were discussed by us-and then discussed again I What laughter rang in morning's ear at Gow's delightful jokes, Cax's quaint sayings, and the quips of other merry folks I What healths were drunk, and wines were poured adown our thirsty throats l What lemonade by ladies sipped, and port spilt on our coats I What sentimental songs were sung, 'mid generous encores- It ratoer strikes me, Frederick, the only songs were yours! 0 Frederick, my Frederick, do you remember how We hired a boat at Ric mond Bridge, though none of us could row P? We meant to pull to Hampton Court, but soon, alas I we found The boat's head turned the wrong way, and we couldn't turn her round ; Oh how we pulled, and tugged and strained, while people on the shore Stood greeting each fresh effort with a loud, derisive roari At Ins a boatman brought us back, or we'd have stopped all day, We paid his fee, our hampers seized, and sadlg strode away I Still, Frederick, my Frederick, despite the boat affair, A merry band of young folks undeniably we were. My heart was nect with rapture, smiles of happiness to see Worn by Miss Amy, Edith, Jennie, and by Mrs. C.; Wallis, Gow, Adook, Cox, and our ubiquitous Drenou, And you, old Freddy Coulson, and myself, Jack Har. ritgton, Were happy, too. Peace smiled on all, and evermore will cling About my heart the mem'ry of that picnic in the spring. J. P. HARRINGTON. MONO PHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) S.-The truth is clear, " Wonders will never ceasel" Bat, on the other hand, they seem t' increase. A short time since, when I took up Young Folks, So famous for its stories and its jokes, Of wonders three I read, two of which made He laugh with glee-the other one afraid. I laughed to see the world turned upside down, And people wearing shoes upon their crown. (If Cooper first how well we loved his name, I-m sere he'd write for us full soon again.) I smid to see the club where hats were blocked And smashed. 'Twas Gow the magic doors unlocked. Ofa nt hat if you would read the fate, Refer to No. 778. I felt afraid when Wallis smilingly Bade to his cons ience a serene " Good day I" And he reports " She went." Sad interview ! A fatal wonder, if, indeed, 'tis true, A person with a conscience which is seared As with an iron hot istobefeared; But one with none at all-oh howly mnrther I (Excuse me, friend:) i can't go any further. PATRICK S., Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. Change the first two letters of a w,,rd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.l +,.-Brightly shines the morning sun O'er the la.udscape bright and fair, And the lark, high in the air, His sweet carol has begu u. Through the woods the listless breeze Whisiers gently to the trees; And the small leaves dance in glee To and fro right merrily ; While the shadows on the grass * Magnify their graceful motion, Rocking in a mighty mass, Like a ship on storm-tossed ocean. Through the meadows sweet I roam, Where the modest daisy sweet And the golden cowslip meet, femmiug earth like stars the dome Of the sky above us spread When the rosy light hath fled, av'rthing is pure and brig Ltire arsinging with doligu t; Nature smiles so free and gay That all thoughts of woe and sadness Vanish frora us far away, dneas Giving place to mirth and gledness. CONUDITNUM TE UNiM OWT, H.i'eader for a moment stay-. Ertend to me your bounty The lighteis cn.pro pose: toll, pray, S GlahnesrIrish county. A. J, ,Ganpa-n.
DECAPITATIONS, (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 6.-" ' Believe me, if all those endearing young charms' First to fade or begin to decay, Love would change into horror, and far from my arms I'd hasten to put thee away. Thou wouldst then be abhorred, and that moment we'd part- Thy lost loveliness would make me ill, And next thou shouldest again live in my heart A fairer maid thy place should fill. "It is just while beauty and youth are thine own I can love thee, and call thee 'my dear;" But when beauty fades, I shall leave thee alone Without even dropping a tear. Ah, of course you'd be sorry, a girl e'er regrets A man ' loved and lost,' I suppose." She rose and she spake--what, the writer forgets, And she scornfully turned up her nose. EDITH K. RNDLE. 7.-I left the busy homes of men, Fair Nature's face to scan; I sought the cool, sequestered glen Where the bright waters ran. The noonday sun, with radiant beam, Lit up the surface of the stream, As on its brink I stood; I gazed with pleasure on the scene, And watched a lirst of stately mien Glide down the shining flood. I mused on what my eyed beheld- My fancies widely ranged; But happy thoughts were soon dispelled, The pleasant scene was changed. Alas I we mortals are but clay: So was the bank, and it gave way- I cleft the waters bright. Scant joy within my mind remained When I the grassy bank regained, A next and dripping wight. R. GLAsoow. 8.-Ye Muses nine, inspire my sang, Gie ilka string a merry twang; I wish to first, baith lood an' lang, The ladies o' the " Tourney." Hoo blithe they kittle up ilk string, An' in sweet glows o' rapture sing; An' ilka week the lads they ding Sweet ladies o' the " Tourney." I can dae nocht but gape an' glower When their sweet cons. I'm glanoin' owre; An' aye I lang for Marion's power- The queen o' a' the "Tourney." There's Edith lilts a cheery lay, An' Queenie's spielin' up the brae, While Jennie Arthur strews the way Wi' song-gems in the " Tourney." Sweet Maggie Denny sings in glee, An' Annie Royston warbles free, Their inspirations daunton me, An' mak' me fear the " Tourney." Noo, laddies, nexst your voices a', Gie sweet Castalia's fount a ca', An' praise, as lood as ye can blaw, The ladies o' the " Tourney." D. SCOTT. Newtongrange. 9.-A piece of furniture forfirst you'll view, I'm sure 'tis often used by you To stuff my first my next is handy, 'Tis thought much of by every dandy. My last you'll find is everywhere, To solve this con. a moment spare. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. 10.-When I my first too often wish to take, My second then is apt my first to break; Which renders me so glum, so dull and mute, That, like my third, I grow a sulky brute. C. HUIcTER. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word1 11.-" What means that shout P" old Timothy said, As out of a window he popped his head And viewed below a motley gang, Composed of boys who danced and sang. They called upon him to appear, And to their music lend his ear; B ut lifting up his voice he cried, " Begone 1" then stopped, for some one shied A rotten egg full at his breast, Bespattering all his shirt and vest. At this the boys first up a shout, While'Timothy raved and stamped about, And called "Police I" with all his might, Forgetting they would not come in sight Until the boys had had their lark, And gone like spectres in the dark. Tim's servant sallied forth with broom I Alas I he last forth to his doom ; For, as he charged like fiery steed, A sod of earth soon checked his speed, Which made him pause and look around, To see the foe vacate the ground. J. BODEN, Glasgow. 12.-" Others write poetry, why not I P" Tkus did I think one day; " So I'll sit down and have a try To pen some simple lay. " Now on what subject shall I write ? Ab, ' Ode to Spring' will do." Then I began with all my might The tuneful first to woo. I scratched my head and bit my pen, Turned up my eyes and sighed, To get inspired like other men; And every next I tried. At last I got so mad with rage, I thought I should explode; Then came a happy thonght, so sage- I would not write my ode. F. ALLInoN. 13.-How great her power ! She said," Come, Archer B., And wield again thy well-trained, facile pen In 'Tourney's' cause." And-well, what happened then P He came, like gallant knight, and, lo I we see Has cons. the " Tournament" again do grace. Ye riddling knights, welcome him back again, And riddling ladies, join the glad refrain; He has returned to his accustomed place. Oh, thanks, Miss Taylor, for your kindly aid Iu bringing back again this truant knight; His cons. once more first last us with delight. But should disincliuation be again displayed. Enchant him with your song and radiant smile: Hes anust notjold his arms and list awhile. GEE GEE, Bristol. 14.-A burst of song salutes the dawn, That fills the sunless groves of night With truant gleams of golden light. The daisy-spread and dewy lawn Harbours the winged songster's nest, And waits in hope the sunny guest, By kindly bands to heaven drawn. Through troubled skies the starry wings Yirst passage to the bright beyond, Where life is love and fancies fond Are fulfilled and accepted things Where seraphs sweep the golden lyre, And next to life the angel choir With throbbing wild of golden strings. E. A. CROxLa.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 15.-One night, not long ago, Mercury came down below, To call on me, his only earthly friend, And removing his potasus and talaria, said he, " Unto my words I prithee, friend, attend. I've winged iry way through space just to see your friendly face, And also to invite you to the sky; For a welcome there awaits you from each big and little star, And I know that your enjoyment will be high." I could not well refuse, so the winged cap and shoes I donned with Mercury, and first we sped Past a million little stare until we reached his own abode, When " Welcome," said he, " to my humble shed." A palace, built of gold, was this " shed," and wealth un- told Was thrown around with free and lavish hand; While the mind could scarcely realize the splendour seen inside- Fit for a god, yet for a god 'twas grand. He showed me treasures rare which he'd got from ev'ry- where : Old Neptune's trident, and the sword of Mars, With the sceptre of famed Jupiter, and Venus' wondrous zone, And all his prizes won in many wars. " But now," said he, " we'll go, for before we go below, We've much to see and likewise much to do." So without another word we quickly tumbled into space, To pay a visit to a friend or two. The brothers Gemini were the first we called to see- Wild Pollux wished to wrestle or to' fight; But we hurried on to Perseus, whose Andromeda so sweet Smiled last, and bade us come some other night. We shook Orion's hand, saw the Pleiades' fair band, Provoked Pegasus till he pranced with rage Sat in Cassiopeia's chair, upturned the Crab into the Scales, And put the Lion safely in his cage. Mis Virgo hung her head, and quite modestly she said She hoped we'd some day make another call; And the Major and the Minor Bears would willingly have hugged To show us they'd no temper left at all. Bright Venus and bold Mars, all covered o'er with scars, Were anxious that we'd all their kingdoms scan; But past Jupiter we sped, and then we hastened to the Moon, Where we found, alas 1 fair Luna was a man. PuLo, Dundee. 16.-A barefooted urchin, one dark autumn night, If you'd been near old Farmer Brown's orchard,you might Have seen scaling the fence, with of-fcnce-ive intent; For on stealing Brown's apples the rascal was bent. Now, old Farmer Brown had been sorely perplexed- Nay, more, I may add he had been downright vexed At the manner in which, from his favourite tree, The fruit had of late disappeared; so to see If he could not ensnare the despoilers, he bought A steel trap in which he hoped they might be caught. This trap near the foot of the tree he had placed, Thinking shrewdly that, ere long, some young rascal's taste Would induce him to visit the spot. So this night In the orchard Brown waited, and grinned with delight When the shoeless young thief the fence silently scaled. The lad soon reached the tree, but provokingly failed To step into the trap, which lay close to his feet. He climbed 'mid the branches, first soon with the sweet Rosy fruit filled his pockets as full as be could. Then commenced his descent. The irate farmer's blood Almost boiled at the sight; and most sorely afraid Lest the thief should escape with the plunder, he made For the tree, and had almost the young rascal grasped, When his leg in the teeth of the steel trap was clasped I Thus the fate which for others he planned, he had met In the trap by his own hands so cunningly set. The urchin, of course, quickly hurried away. That he should not unpunished escape, Yet me say Just this: though his errand was certainly bootless, It had not by second means proved to be jrucitless. A. AMBERLET, Manchester. PRECE-OMEGRAMS. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 17.-It has been my first endeavour To dissever From my troubled mind a question that's perplexed And often irritated, which, if not investigated, Will tend to make me vexed. I have striven the facts to gain, But in vain; And as you alane can soothe my troubled mind In my anxious situation, I shall beg an explanation, If you'll be so very kind. I should state it is anent The " Tournament," That I seek the information I desire; And with your kind attention, I'll at once proceed to mention The reason I inquire. Next knights have been complaining Of the waning Of the "Tournament " from out its foremost place. So I make so very bold as to ask our knights of old If such really is the case P EXCELSIOR. 18.-Gaily the pennants flaunt, Nothing the heroes daunt, Car.less of death so gaunt In the fierce fight. Charging for God and kring, Cheering their voices ring, Bright swords are glistening In the sunlight. Mark that young hero there With the bright sunny hair, Here, there, and everywhere Where danger lies. Hear what a ringing cheer Greeteth him everywhere; Stranger is he to fear- Death he defies. Leader of all the host, Perilous is his post; Fighting is fierce most Where be is seen. But, alas I he is thrown; His men's despairing groan Is heard, fir he alone Their chief has been. Ah, what a firat was there Clotted his silken hair, Blanched his smooth cheek so fair, Feeble his eyes. 'Tis the sad nnxt of war, Yet he is bapp;', for Hears he the cannon's roar Loud as he dies. S. B. LAWnENCE. LOGOGRIPII. (A word which maybe treated as a netagram, decapitat'on,l dele- tion, and transposition, )lut leaves a perfect word after each oberation.) 19.]-My first will name a Scottish shire, If you to find its name depire; Behead, curtail, to you 'twill give That withorit which you could not live; Repeat the process, and you'll tin'd A pronoun will be l1ft behind. ", SuRWxEL.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-Friend Tompkins has for parody a very striking liking ; He " comics " all the grandest, gravest poems he can see; And sometimes this offends me so that, though not liking striking, I've really first to punch his head would only righteous be. I'll give you one example of this strange out-flowing, knowing You'll feel for my affliction when 'tis carefully perused ; And Tompkins, too, may be ashamed when knowing his out-flowing Through all the world-the Young Folks world-will surely be diffused. Cod-liver oil is very nasty-but half dying, lying Upon my bed, I had to drink this really awful stuff; Friend Tompkins came to visit me when lying nigh half dying, But next me after driving me into an awful huff. His exit, too, was, so to speak, a little hurried, flurried; For boots and bottles followed him as out the door he sped; He'd seen a poem on my wall-and, though so flurried, hurried This copy of two lines of it at my devoted head : " He loves it, he loves it, and who shall spoil His enjoyment of gallons of cod-liver oil ?" I haven't seen friend Tompkins since, but if I only do, His base attempt at parody I'll make the villain rue. F. G. WEBB. Southwark. 21.-Was it a dream, love P Oh, say, can it be That you love none other, none other but me ? That thy primal is mine, love, for ever and aye ? Oh, say, is it true, love P Oh, darling one, say. Was it a dream, love P I heard thy sweet voice Whisper the words which have made me rejoice- That made my eyes brighter, my voice gayer ring, That spake to my heart and bade my tongue sing ? Was it a dream, love-ah, darling one, speak- When I felt thy warm lips pressed close to my cheek, And felt thy soft arms slowly round my neck twine, And like angels' whisper, came the words " I am thine " P Was it a dream, love P Let me look in thy eyes- In those clear, hazel wells where truth beaming lies. Did I but dream that by you they were spoken, Those few words of love that have healed a heart broken ? Was it a dream, love, that came in the night, A pleasant delusion, to fade with the light ? Oh, no, my (lear loved one; the truth it must be, For the next seems so bright-so bright now to me. Was it a dream, love ? Oh, no, can it be That such words were spoken by Fancy to me ? But if 'twas a dream, then I pray God that I May never awake, but thus dreaming, may die. kFLORENC GnARRAD. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 22.-Often his name had I noticed appearing, With songs of such excellence seldom acquired; And onward he pressed-to one goal he was steering: The height of Parnassus was all he desired. But while onward climbing, his journey's end nearing, He looked at the summit; and then, alas! fearing He never should reach it, despairing, retired 1 Cross Words. See how merrily he flies Upwards, onwards, to the skies I A kind of fruit I now will show; 'Tis very nice, you ah well know. Presto I change I A kind of bird Is brought before you with my third. And now a Christian name is shown; A name that very well is known. Well known is he In Y. F. P. A musical composer here, To sacred music very dear. A town in Keut you here behold; A watering-place it is, I'm told. Standing solemnly, as though To guard the dead from ev'ry foe. An angel in a human form Guiding us through ev'ry storm. A name that I should like to see Once more within the dear old " T." We all are next whene'er we find Our latest con. has been declined. M~y sister's name; and more I'll tell: A riddler's name it is as well. T. H. HUNT, Fulham. Cross Words. 23.-No doubt you all pri, al whatever The third of my puzzle can be; Perhaps in your lifetime you never- How could you P where all are so clever- Saw one so absurd in the " T." Yet a line or two more will I pen- But don't you be frightened, I pray- Just to say, when you solve it (ah, when !) Next mad you'll all be; but, oh, then I'll final my leave for the day. AGONISTES ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The ansn'er is a word composed of Itoman numerals.) 24.-One hundred please write down fur fi;st; For second now put one; My third, you'll surely find, is five; Then wh.1n you have that done, Add one-forjorerth ',will surely give (That won't take long to do)- And fifty will no doubt disclose My last to all of you. Whole is, I'm sure, a substitute For courteous or polite; And if you will attention pay, You'll guess this con. aright. J. STocxs, Lambeth. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 23.-I've last omy first to yoq. dear Ed., Thinking that. I shall see MJy first inserted, with your whole, uIn our dear Y. F. P. AzNNIE SmITH GRESLEY.