R{IDDLE TOU RNAMENT. OMEGIIAS.
Thelast letter of a word is changed to form another wordj 1.FCupid, you're a naughty bog; First you fill our hearts with joy, Sending )rimals to each heart, Making love to being start. But when we're about to sip Pleasure's cup, away you trip : And the heart you've captured bears Shadows of a thousand cares. You're a laughing rogue, forsooth Coming with your speeches smooth, Telling us sweet fibs to prove What a charming thing is love. But when near our hearts you get, Lo I each maiden learns to fret ; Then it is we understand Joy and care walk hand in hand. Cupid, Cupid, tell us true- This we fain would learn of you t Why it is our hearts will yearn Till to us your glance you turn- Why this world is last and drear When you are not hovering near, Though we know full well your sting Cannot always pleasure bring. JEoleN AND MARION. 2,-She lingered near the window seat, Her face supported by her hands; Without, the rain in torrents beat Along the wave.tossed shore, whose sands Rolled wearily beneath the blast That swept across the stormy sea; And, at each gust, the maiden cast A glance out, oh I so eagerly. Soon wilder, chiller, grew the night, And fear gave first to fierce despair; SOh, Heav'n I preserve my darling one ! Oh, shield him with Thy mighty care I" No answer to her cry was heard, Save deeper moaning from the wind, Which, in the text.faced maiden's pain A cruel pleasure seemed to find. At last the tempest sank away, The stormy blast relaxed its might ; And soon, across the shining sea A tiny bark appeared in sight; And all at once the maiden's face Grew brighter than the dawn of day, As from the doock a lute's soft tones Came stealing o'er the smiling bay. With all her sorrow turned to joy A thankful prayer she breathed that night To Him above, at whose command The fiercest tempest quells its might. F. G. WEnn, Southwark. 8.-First second next fair to puzzle last hero, Methinks I have done so, my solver dear. AoONISTES. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. lte drst letter of a word Is changed, to form another word In the narrative.) {-M aggie Denny, once we saw your name in nearly every number; Ah, you naughty, cruel girl What has made your pen to slumber? G allant knights have called your name-you've been deaf to all their pleading; 0 reatlly then I fear that you my request will not be heed- ing. I will make it, though, the same, hoping for some slight reply, Ending our suspense, and giving of your silence reason why. Do Iask too much of you ? or is your resolve now taken E ermore to let the " Tourney" call itself by you for- saken ? No,ofthat I'm certain quite; so from now I shall be waiting, None more eagerly, to see, as result of all this rating, !our name on our " Tourney " sheet, where for it we all are waiting. ANNxz A. RoresTOr. METAGRAMS. (Ohangs the first letter of a word to form another word 5.-Autumn winds are sighing With a sound heartbreaking i All the flowers are dying, All the summer fairies Are the first forsaking. 'Ti, a time for fell regrets (Hand me o'er my cigarettes I) Azure clouds are bending, The moist earth saluting; Wreaths of smoke ascending From the distant chimneys, Somebody's out shooting, I can hear him from afar (How I love a last cigar !) All the scehe surrounding, Autumn mists are cloaking, My horizon bounding; Punsters, I do declare Everything seems smoking; That I may increase the fun I wall load my meerschaum gun. PArutuca S., Belfast. 6.-I saw them at the matinee- In front of me they sat; They were attentive to the play, Each wore a low-crowned hat. Yes, low-crowned hats that did not hide The actors from my view; With wonder I sat stupefied, For they were silent, too. They were two maidens young and fair- Two maidens fair were they;, And I behold them sitting there, Attentive to the play. And then to think first I could see The stage I-'twas all in view; Twas such a great surprise to me, I scarce knew last to do. They did not chatter-neither spoke- So strange it all did seem; I thought- But just then I awoke And found it was a dream. H. W. BASELET, Fulham. 7.--My first's a portion of myself, And when you change aright, An article I wear on first Will surely come to light. C. SANsox, Mile End. SPALINDROMIE. !aW ord which read backwards or forward s lls the samo.) 8.-Sometimes I amin rough and smooth, But yet am always straight, The river always finds me out, So does the stream and lake; Buildars without me culd not work, Carpenters could not plane ; M letters spell from either end, S read both ways the same. CA IlA.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word totorm another, expressed in the narrative. 9.-Come. Night, thou star-crowned king, And bring us peace and timely rest ; The setting sun doth faintly fling A golden halo o'er the west, A fading light far down the west. Come, for the sunbeams pour Upon thy brow their lessening ray I Oh, lay thy mantle softly o'er The fading splendour of the day, The features of the dying day. Hushed is each gust of sound That rang erewhile across the green I The silvery mists that rise around Steal slowly o'er the darkening scene, Like silence steals o'er all the scene, On every hand their lies Only the undulating heath; Above me stretch the starry skies, The silent city broods beneath, The city slumbers far beneath. And faintly here and there The street lamps in the distance loom Like fireflies floating in the the air, Just seen athwart the deepening gloom, Hall hidden by the mist and gloom: Oh, Night, no more delay, We hail thee as a welcome guest; " Work" is the watchword of the day; Thou bringest peace and timely rest, Thy only whisper is of rest. A. BT. J. Ancocx. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of two words are transposed, and form other words In the narrative.) 10.-I'll sing of a youth who's an aristocrat From the sole of his foot to the crown of his hat; With a figure of grace, an msthetical face, And a nochalant bearing, wherein you may trace Just a morsel of " brass," which, however, will pass As peculiar unto the " blind" of his race. Now, among the few foibles that this gallant possesses, Is this, and the writer with sorrow confesses Our hero's too liberal with his caresses I One day with fair Kate he will visit the play, Escorting her home in an amorous way; Next morning with Rose unto Richmond he goes, And, returning, her head on his vest will repose; And that very same even-oh, how man will deceive I He is marked amid Mirabel's recognized beaux I He walks out with Amy, and then by a ruse, he Slips off just to keep that appointment with Lucy And writoth love letters to all, quite sans soucil No doubt it is pleasant one's self to disport Among our " soft" sex by a mode of this sort ; But, alas I our gay hero has no one to teach Him a lesson by hinting of " actions for breach," Unless he can take to the town of Salt Lake These various maids, to be out of harm's reach I And so our Lothario that sable bell(e) wether Deceives these sweet girls in the highest of feather, But I wouldn't be him when they meet him together I MAID MAIuAN. ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman num orals expressed in figure,.) Foundation Worls. 11.-A riddler of ancient fame; The words below will show her name. Cross Words. 100 and sah This is what we all wish for. 100 ,, uh An English town see here. 1,000 ,, ero A city of great ancient fame. 51 ,, ayt A country bright and fair. 1,051 ,, s Slender and thin this means to be. 550 ,, ot A weak verb here is seen. 1,001 ,, gene This is a riddle, I am sure. 51 ,, no An animal, I ween. 60 ,, peon He was a great librarian. 40 ,, ea On vehicles is this. 1 ,, pt A hole, or kind of shaft, see here. 100 ,, seras To fondle and to kiss. 10 ,, oha In this you see a kind of joke. 1,050 ,, utaoe This means to imitate. 50 ,, rhuet A person persecuted. 1,010 ,, a A riddler this will state. CA IRA AND L'OLTMPI. Foundation Word. 12.-The place that Britons love the best, Yes, when they've travelled east and west; Ah, when they've trod each foreign shore, And roamed and seen the wide world o'er. Croess Words. 100 and arhco An ancient poet of repute. 50 ,, wo A funny bird that's rather cute; 2,050 ,, no You get in this when things go wrong. 500 ,, no This is the finish of my song. F. ALLIaON, Winchester. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 18.--A maiden sat reading a letter From her lover tender and true s "Meet me to-night, sweetest Rosa, For I shall be waiting for you. Meet me down by the brook, dear, When the clock strikes the seventh hour; I shall be waiting, my darling- My sweet little summer flower." And, lo I when the clock struck seven, In tempting, bewitching array, The fairest of fair little maidens Went tripping nupn her way Down to the brook, where he waited. Ah I w!unt was that sound sweet and low P Only the stars were looking- Only the stars might know. MAUDi K. DOUGLAS. CONUNDRUM. 14.-I've a problem to propound In a systematic way; So I won't the praises sound Of the great ones of the day. Jennie Arthur, Rosa B., Gow, and Drenon, and the rest Shall have naught of praise from me, For I do not know who's best. But attend, ye riddlers all, While I ask this question great , Why is winter, drear and cold, Like our poet who's laureate P I am sure the answer you Will find out without much flurry, And will gladly bid adien To T. Howzi, Ediuburgh, MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same In sound.) 15.-My first is a most hard species of rock . Which has indeed perplexed *Vhe cutters of the Panama Canal, Who have not found it next. W. G. DoetaY., 16.--For fi'rst please find a novelist Now known in Young Folks Paper; I hope you've seldom had my next (It often makes me caper). GOx~aII4ws
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a wordJ 17.-Fleeting movement tardy measure s How uncertain is thy pace, Flying in the hours of pleasure Bounded by no earthly spacel Dragging on with leaden motion, When with sorrow's weight oppressed, Or, when sailing o'er the ocean Calms annoy each anxious breast. Such my first is, but my second I can not so easy tell; 'Tis a fine performance reckoned, Or a patch that's put on wgll. Now, my whole makes its apppearance, Warning us of life's decay, Yet, in spite of interference, Days and hours will fleet away. E. J. 18.-My frst's a sweet which many like, But nobody can make; And so, without the makers' leave This pleasant thing they take. My neat begems the garden plot In the hush of opening day, And catching the smile of the coming sun, Glisits back his earliest ray. The two combined to you will show A substance sweet, I ween, Upon the trees and leafy homes It frequently is seen. SyNTAx, Warrington. 10,-For primal take a waggon please, The puzzle is not hard' Look, now, to the land olcakes For second, riddling bard. For whole you see a part of room Oft figuring in a "tale of gloom." R. W. M'DONNELL, Dublin, 20.-The last little total has fluttered to rest, The glorious first has now sunk in the west, Warning us night is nigh. The moon peops forth from her shadowy height, While bright second's dart from the realms of light, Bedecking the sombre sky. CLAR. BoEHMERn, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In the narrativeJ 21.-My hobby is reading; by day and by night In reading I find my supreoest delight; Whenever from work 1 can steal a short hour I do so, some favourite book to devour. But lest you should fancy my labour I shirk, I will add that I usually " grind" at my work To make up for the time I've so spent. I confess That I grudge e'en the minutes for meals or for dress. Yes, I read when I can; when I can't, I refleot On what I have read i so I fully expect That you will in justice give credit for this. Be the book wise or witty, it comes not amiss- With fun interspersed or with gravity blent; As long as the quality's good, I'm content. The plays of Will Shakespqare, the novels of Scott, The tales of Chaucer-I've read the whole lot 1 I'm fond of essays, and of any good prose, But fonder of poems, as you may suppose. I'm fond of Mark Twain and of Hood's witty Jokes, And, last but not least, I am fond of Young Folks. C. A. COOrER. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a tnotag'ram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a porfesot word after each operation.) 22.-A pretty name, a Christian name, A well-known riddler bhears the same, So I am told. Change letters two, and see instead A helmet worn upon the head In days of old. Now letter one lay out of sight, A constellation e'er so bright You will behold. Now twice behead this shining thing, And look upon an ancient king, A warrior bold. Cut off his tall, twin brothers see, One silver loves, the other, he Delights in gold. C. P. MITCIHELL, 23.-My first does mean to turn, sirs, Behead me and shift me about, Then you will see that I am stern, sires, Now try if you can make me out. O. LEIDHOLD. ANAGRAMS ON GIRLS' NAMES. 24.-Address this label, as I cannot write; I burnt my hand when putting out the light. Oh, call him in, we all should like to know What time is best, and where we ought to go. We sat for just two hours beside the stream, But didn't hook an eel, or e'en a bream. If you'd succeed, sir, in the race for fame, Just keep on writing, that's the little game, 'Twas really not the man, or I should say That he it was I saw the other day. " I feel no fear," cried Harry, as he ran; "And I am sure that I can catch the man." It is so nice to live by the seaside. To watch the rise and fall of every tide. I hope your hands are clean, or I shall go Without you, when I start for Westward O ! W. D. PICKEaIIIN , Southwark. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 25.-A worthless thing Is this I bring. Beware, I say, next boy, Before you do annoy. A forest tree Well known to thee. H. LANOaSTO. 26.-A modest youth, Was he; H. NT Second kissed her finger-tips ; First softly said, "Ah, me I Why was I born with lips ?" C. P. BASELET, London, CURTAILIENITS, (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 27.-Riddlers, curtail me, and quickly you'll see Belonging to him I shall certainly be; If from curtailing you leave me exempt, I only express to you my contempt. J, LEIHn, Warrington. 2S.-A towia in Ireland you'll please curtail, And a month of the year you'll have without fail, NORAh M. TwOMEY, Cork. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the centralletter of a word to form another word.) 2D.--My first is found on you and me; My centre then delete, hn insect you'll not fail to see; 'Tis qon, ip now complete. E. LEDaHoLp.
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foundation Word. 80.-There he sits in majesty On a lofty, rugged height, Looking with a piercing eye At the prey within his sight Soon he swiftly will descend On his prey with purpose sure ; And it with sharp talons rend In his tyranny secure. Cross Words. Forced to leave his native land, Far across the ocean's foam, Wandering on a foreign strand, Shall he ever find a home ? To this quiet, cool retreat., In the summer time we go, And enjoy a pleasant seat, Shaded from the sun's fierce glow, In the hot and bloody strife. With an audience to behold, See him battling for his life With a courage high and bold. Let me hear it once again, For it in my breast inspires, With its sti ring sweet refrain Kindlings of its former fires. In that bright, delightful place Did they dwell in love and peace, Till the tempter showed his face, And bade all their joys to cease. IvaNIIor, Belfast. Foundation Word. 81.--IMy whole is a riddle, its name I won't mention, You will soon find it out if you pay close attention. Cross Words. A mountain known unto you all, That's oft caused cities fair to fall A famous sailor now you view Whose name is known to all of you. A mettle please for this write down, And for neat an Irish town. Part of yourself in next is shown ; A female's name is last, well known. A KNIOHT YnoH ous Town. ENIGMAS. 32.--We are a family complete, and live in one small room; We seldom quarrel or complain, though opposite in doom ; Words often pass between us, of malice, love, or spite; It's little we are still ail day, and oft go out at night. MmEPHISTo. 83.-Proudly erect in the garden I stand, Keeping old Time at my command; From the time that Sol rises, he's my slave, Till he sinks to rest in his amber grave. IsiwMAFL. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, onch letter of which is troatod snparately.) 84.-My first's in sailor, but not in ship; My second's in cattle, but not in whip; My third's in night, but not in day ; My fourth's in scent, but not in hay; My filth is in sea, but not in land; My sixth is in sword, but not in band My usventh is in bullet, but not in gun; My eighth is in orange, but not in bun ; My ninth is in fox, but not in hare; My whole isa part of Young Folks fare. BLACK EAGLe. PRECE-OMEGRAfM. (Chlange the last letter but one of a word to form another word. 35.-Change the last letter but one of a sea, And a continent it will surely be. J. BInRELLa Belfast. SQUARE WORDS. 86.-Something for tying is my first, Which you'll soon guess, I think; In next you see an open space, But not a stating rink; Some vegetables are seen in third, I hope with you agree; And last is but a cardinal point On going off to sea. C. F. BLACKurnN. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Foundation Words. 87.-Thiu riddle read down and across Will show an important part of this paper. Cross Words. My first is a consonant that you will see, My second an adverb of letters three; My third is useful when we dine; My fourth is yours, dear Ed., not mine, My fifth is a pretty woman's name, My sixth a beverage of fame; My last a vowel you will own. KATHIE MOSS.