RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADE.
1.-With the dreams of my boyhood, I've pondered upon The doings of men who've been great, Have poured forth my praises on men dead and gone, And have censured the first of our State; Have been carried along by the popular voice, And studied its idols with zest; Have picked out my hero with impartial choice, And declared he was one of the best I I've foolishly argued on mighty affairs Till the warmth of my cause has grown cold; Have even been led in political snares, And quarrelled with what I was told. Have threatened to " cut" all acquaintances then, Because of their wicked untruth; In the second bold Gladstone was " grandest of men," Not the foe of old England, forsooth i Here's a moral: Be steady in framing ideas; shun argument, if you are wise. Let others rave on with a knowledge that clears The mist from all other men's eyes. If you form an opinion on current events, Don't dangle them up to a friend, But talk to your wife of dispassionate sense, And you're bound to be right in the end ! T. W. KITCHNER. OMEGRAM. 2.-I don't require the " harp of epic song;" I shall not sing my lay-I'll only hum it. Parnassus' base I'll gaily walk along, And will not envy fellows at its summit. My primal is a certain Admiral P., Who never yet found anything to fight about; For wordy conquests was his game, you see, And it is one of these I mean to write about. He gets between two friends and takes their arms (For he upon a well.planned double panic dotes), He speaks of peace's joys and war's alarms, And tells the stupidest of stupid anecdotes. And next he turns and whispers in one's ear. " By him upon my left you have been libelled." Then mutters to the other, with a sneer, " He on my right declares your face is piebald I" Like meteors rushing in the midnight sky, Off dash the friends, each at a different angle, In solitude to mope, and storm, and sigh, And tear his hair in complicated tangle. And Admiral P., he rubs his bands in glee, And trots from one to t'other, telling stories; Each claims him as his true friend constantly, And he is happy 'neath his well-earned glories I H. C. PRICE. Southwark. ENIGMA. 3.-In the rushing of the river, In the waterfall's fierce roar, You will find my presence ever, Also on the sandy shore. In val'ey or on mountain, With the lark that upward soars; In the splashing of the fountain, In the sleeper's heavy snores. In the mighty din of battle, And the angry mob's fierce riot; In the lowing of the cattle, E'en though all around is quiet. In the locomotive's shrieking, In the little kitten's mew; I am with you when you're speaking. What am 1, pray? Adieu. SPOTSTROKE, Glasgow. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 4.-The sun was shining brightly, the birds, in sweetest song, With joyous notes of gladness seemed to cheer the way along, As a knight, all cased in armour, his long bright lance in rest, Along the sunlit highway went, with medal on his breast. 'Twas only a small counun given with a pound of tea. But what of that! The very trees seemed rustling in their glee To welcome the ambitious knight who, by his ardour fired, Had from a stable near his house a jaded pack-horse hired. Hal who are these gay knights that ride so gaily down the road ? That laugh and clatter merrily, as if they had no load Of troubtle pressing on their hearts like this bold riddling knight, Who now-ah, sorrow !-quakes with fear, with face like sheet as white. But still, with pompous face and frown, he goes these knights to meet, And tries-alasl poor shivering wight-them all to gaily greet. Alas! he cannot. Back he goes, his courage vanished, gone, And his never-ceasing low refrain is "Oh, why was I born ? As poet or as riddler I'm failing, failing quite; I can never be a poet, but I can A MOURNING KNIGHIT." NUMERICAL CHARADE. 5.-Whole is a con. which oft doth ornament Our ever bright and merry " Tournament." 1, 8, 3, 2, and 7 bears, i'll state, are Found some distance from the warm equator; I've heard that sometimes they are trapped alive- Their roars then raise a horrid 6, 4, 5. I'll write a lengthy 1, 8, 10, and 9 On bears, in language very choice and fine, And I- But, there, miethink I bear you say, " 5, 8, we'd rather not; so do not, pray." You're spared that harsh infliction by this elf, Who, with a modest blush inscribes himself, VENTO. METAGRAMIS. 6.-I'll first of the virtues of one who writes cons., Who has won great renown in these pages, A fellow o'erflowing with wit and with fun, And possessed of the wisdom of sages. He can beat all the host of the riddlers, I hear; He's a regular next among wits, sirs. At the works of all poets and authors he'd sneer, And he'd knock them all into small bits, sirs. Are you anxious to know the sweet name of this youth ? You angrily mutter, " Oh, darn it I He's a fellow whose works we are sure to enjoy." Well, I'll tell you; his name, then, is HAR. N ETr. 7.-Of the beauties of nature I'm ne'er tired of singing; But an ode to sweet spring- (Ed., " Now, please, make it terse.") First, I think, if I tried, all my faculties bringing To bear on the subject, I migh~t write one verse. Then the Ed., with a frown on his brow, ob, so " nubble I" Remarks," Well, my friend, I'm afraid you're too late. I'll next you at once, then, to save any trouble, If you write a good con., till next spring it must wait." A QUILLE PENNE. ANAGRAMS ON PARTS OF THE BODY. 8.--'Twas in that barn I slept when out of place, And now to this spot I my footsteps trace. The top began to hu. , it went so fast, But, like all else, it had to stop at last. But my brave hero, deaf to all their cries, Ascends the ladder, and the fire defies. The tide is Iow ; be careful where you roam, Or you may slip, and have to be brought home. My cousin Mac slot five fine brace of teal; His satisfaction he could scarce conceal. My pen is scratchy, and it's such a bore To write a sketch that takes an hour or more, We'll give one tug, and pull them o'er the line, And win the contest. Will not that be fine ? Now. be content with that, or go to bed; I know you heard what your grandmother said. DAkro AWD PYTHIrS.
CURTAILMENT. 0.-Ye sons of the Sphinx, Im about to address to you A few words on rhyming, that art so prolific, And allow me to say, in a casual way, As a sort of extempore remark in parenthesis, The greatest exponent of this scientific Accomplishment was Thomas Ingoldsby, famous In Bentley's Miscellany ; and I know well any One will agree with the views I'll express to yon- That is, be he not a complete ignoramus. And commencing in orthodox style, " Firstly," then this is. Whene'er I'm intent upon writing in verse, And desire many rhymes, 'tis my habit unbreakable To use words impromptu. I second, yet terse; And no matter what strange or peculiar word it is That endeth a line, I first not to erase it. But though it be one of the greatest absurdities, Fixed in my purpose, invariably face it, And seek for a rhyme, though patience sublime Full many a time is required in the search for it (And some years ago, I've a clear recollection Of rhyming my schoolmaster's name, Mr. Blacquem, With the words both unique and appropriate, " W hack 'em I" But-to which I expressed a decided objection- No praise I received, but he gave me the birch for it!) And now for the twelfth line my rhyme's unmistakable! Secondly: When you're composing in verse, 'Tis very absurd, sirs, the meaningless word " sirs" To use, and there's naught sounds more vulgar or worse; It exhibits puerility, want of ability, Also a lack of true versatility; Furthermore being, you can't help agreeing, Quite needless, and therefore a great superfluity. And now, with a bow, as my space won't allow Me to say any more, trusting no ambiguity Figures in this, and that, as I've requested, My plan here suggested for rhyming be tested. And hoping that these remarks disinterested Will not offend any, but edify many, I am, yours sincerely, a prince, being sole son Of King Cole the famous, and thus F. R. CouLsoN, METAGRAMS. 10.-One day, while out riding. I chanced to alight Near the nest of a jackdaw, and seeing the fright That I'd given the young ones, I hid 'neath a shed, And heard them conversing, and all that they said. Said a wee little jackdaw: " What monster was that P Why, twas larger by far than a fierce tabby cat! And didn't you notice, mamma, as it walked, That on its two hind legs it solemnly stalked P? Pray, was it a bird, ma ? If so, what a nest 'Twonld need when it came from a fat grub',y quest! Had it moulted, mamma, as its wings, I declare, Of down or of feathers were perfectly bare ? And where was its tail, ma ? And, pray, could it sing ? And what were those grubs at the end of its wing ? And hadn't it, ma, dear, a curious beak ? And didn't you notice those shrubs on its cheek ? Please say, mamma, dear, was it bird, beast, or fish ? Do tell me at once, ma, to know I so wish I" The old daw then answered its young in this wise, And said, " That great creature's a man, and ne'er flies. ' hose poles that you thought were its firsts are called arms, And I do not think that they add to its charms. Those five little sticks are ca led fingers, not grubs, And the things on its face are called whiskers, not shrubs. No, a man never nexts, but he makes a gruff noise In his throat; and, his young are not fiedgelings, but boys. Now, be a good bird, and creep under my wing, And dismiss from your cranium that ugly great thing." As I walked from my shelter, I pondered the words Of this matronly jackdaw, the 'cutest of birds. And said to myself, " If a bird thinks me plain, I will never imagine I'm hanusome again." HORATIUS, Lewisham. 11.-My friends, I want'you all to stay a minute just to read What I have here, and I will write this same con. with all speed; To stay a moment longer than a minute there's no need, So put down for my first a thing that surely is a weed. And now I must away to next, or yoi will all begin To tell me that I'm keeping you, and then there'll be a din; And if I am not careful, sirs, this con. won't be put in, So put down here a metal which is certainly not tin. NoN OsIs bIORIAR. ROTATION CHANGE. 12.-The weather was first as we mounted the coach, But on that point we will not on your time encroach. To our seats on the top we politely were beckoned, And I found, on consulting my watch, 'twas just second. It came down to rain, and we felt most absurd, For of means to prevent getting wet we had third. We embarked on the steamer, and thought it was wort Our while to get dry ere we drew near the fourth. But the charms of the scenery faded so fast, For 'twas there that I met with my beautiful last. PICERING AND DUFrFT. TRANSPOSITION. 13.-Wild blows the gale, the hissing waves first high, The thunders next along the darkened sky; The lightning's flashes, gleaming far and wide, Light up a scene which darkness strives to hide. C. R. iBAMBOROUOIr, Byker. HIDDEN PARTS OF THE BODY. 14.-What charms at eventide the ocean hath I And how I love to walk the winding path That leads along the wide and sandy shore, And gaze upon its peaceful, heaving breast, 'Neath which so many shipwrecked mortals rest, And hear the murmur which is oft a roar! SaIL. CHARADE. 15.-One day, in the park I was walking, and as I there strolled at my ease, A child and a lady were talking, in the shade of the wide- spreading trees; They were watching afirst on the water which rippled so merrily past, But their thoughts were not there, but with one who was far, far away on the treacherous last. To a raft on the turbulent ocean, a sailor was clinging alone; His last bit of food was exhausted, his last drop of'water was gone. He th bought of those loved ones awaiting, while his young hlife was ebbing so fast- He was dying, a prey to starvation, seeing naught but the sky and the last. My first and my second, together combined, Will name a large town which in Wales you will find. A. E. DUFFY. CENTRAL CHANGE. 16.-" It is too first," his mother cried, "Of you to pick that splendid next. I third you now to fourth to go At once, for I am very vexed." F. W. MLESa. REVERSION. 17.-At night, whene'er the sky is clear, Sosurely then do I appear; Reverse, and now will come to view Small quadrupeds well known to you. H. B. PaxSToN, Kennington.