RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRABIS. lbp the efrt letter oso word to form another word.) __ ot i dnn (rear.
1', _ -Dark is the last and drear, Chill is the wind, lad; Dark is each doubt and fear Crossing my mind, lad. Over the seething main, Over the boundless sea, Come to me once again-- Come back to me. Never a word to cheer, Never a line, lad, Comes to me waiting here, Never a sign, lad. peering through latticed pane, Long have I watched for thee; Come to me once againm- Come back to me. While others rest and sleep, primals low burn, lad; Still I my vigils keep For thy return, lad. Singing the old refrain, Faithful I wait for thee, Come to me once again- Come back to me I MAluoom TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2,-I went a walk-the morn was fair; I strolled across the lea; I wrudered here, I wandered there, I sat beneath a tree; When suddenly there passed me by A maid with dainty tread; Her form was slight, her eye was bright, Bat, oh, her hair was red ! 'Twas noon-I wandered forth again; The sky was still most fair; I hummed a soft and pleasant strain, And breathed the primal air; When all at once there passed the maid I'd met upon the down; Her eyes were bright, her teeth were white, But, oh, her hair was brown ! 'Twas eve, and once again I strolled, This time 'twas in the town ; The mellov air was feeling cold- I idled up and down; When right before my eyes there sailed, Like vessel on the tack, The self-same girl with teeth of pearl, And, gad, her hair was black ! And now, whene'er I take a walk O'er meadowland or down, If through the leafy woods I stalk, Or idle through the town, And if by chance I meet that girl- Which I am bound to do- And look behind, I'm last to find Hier hair a different hue I FOONOOLICAN, -And so we part, for ever dead the days When we together read, and honours won ; And at the cross-roads where diverge our ways, Our girlhood o'er, our womanhood begun, Band clasped in hand beneath the fading light, _We stand alone to say our first " Good night." The station lights gleam redly through the gloom, The earth vibrates beneath the rushing train That,'mid the deep'ning shades which o'er us loom, Comes dashing in, of iron heart and brain, tnd, with wild yells and fierce presaginm hlum, Impatientshrieks, "Prepare! Part, Iricnds! I come I" And so I kiss you, dear; the coming years Beareth for each her share of joy and woe, Then with bcld hearts and not with coward fears, Bravely to meet them, hopeful, let us >o; Our time of grace is next, the train is nigh, God speed and bless you, sweet-good-bye! good-bye 1 IN Ez, Liverpool. 4.-You sang of merry Maytime, Sweet Dorothea Gray; I'll put to you a query- Come, answer me, I pray. Please tell me where was first this year P I really don't remember; Until a week or two ago, Each snet was like November. CAROLIsNE HOLLOWAY. 5.-My first will name a part of you, A part of you, a part of you; You know it well-I'm sure you do, I'm sure you do, I'm sure you do. Oft as we're walking down the street lIy second we can surely meet, Can surely meet, can surely meet. lROLLA, West Green. 6--IMy con. .s a Roman emperor's name; If one letter you'll please take away, And put another one in its place, On the thermometer 'tis seen every day. 1H. CARTER. REVERSION. (A word which road backward forms another word.) .-Aniggardly farmer a steel trap laid Under a gu, enwood tree-e, catch any stranger who thoughtless strayed Under the greenwood tree; jaws" were quite strong, the " teeth" quite sound, trtmef ..t a strong one, in iron bound, dit lay it the grass on the dewy ground, Under the greenwood tree. vacant.eyed poet came strolling by, nd Under the greenwood tree-e, adthus on the air he commenced to sigh, icoe. mUnde the greenwood tree : _! Olee, my own darling I for thee I Ionmo, oel oe, tet no cy-press this heart of mine, come, let our hearts in fond union twine, Under the greenwood tree. lhbalmed in my heart is thy form so fair, rchee it Under the greenwood tree-e, it is that fills my mind with care, he r Under the greenwood tree; fgh the ratings of pa did us sc-pa-rate, loe will but bind us in married state, S ll (e) no respects to inclement fate Under the greenwood tree." as the rhymer mused on with a villanous frown, ill feeli Under the greenwood tree-e; eeling quite tired, he prepared to sit down She seated Under the greenwood tree; hee d o himself, ohi! unfortunate chap, e ted ld jaw,, closed with aloudisonuding snap, the udreay poet was caught in the trap,, hen Under the greenwood tree. Pthe poe t that he would need some repairs indlged Und aer the greenwood tree-e, - afew unpoetical swears - the fa Under the greenwood tree; t ara scame round with a cluband a gun, -* llda- Osaisted the poet to run; e ncndedthe hadn't much fun Under the geenwbd tree. J. KcENNEDYs, Middlesborough,
META-OMIEGRAMS. (Change the flrat and last letters of a word to form another word.) 8.--Swiftly, swiftly passing along, Joys and sorrows join in a throng Friends that are false and true, dear, Hearts that are first and free. Time rolls on with rapid advance- Timorous, to the future we glance: What does it hold for you, dear ? What does it hold for me ? Days and moments passing away, All is fleeting-time cannot stay; Skies that are grey and blue, dear, Spread over life's broad sea. Fate, with strong, imperative hand, Leads us onward at her command: What will she bring to you, dear? What will she bring to me? May she twine with her hand, from sunny bowers, A beautiful garland of mystic flowers Of bright and rosy hue, dear, Laden with fragrancy ; O'er our paths their radiance fling, To our hearts a sweet message bring Of love and gladness to you, dear, Of peace and hope to me. Yet why should we brood over coming years, Blighting our last days with doubts and fears, When soon we shall bid adieu, dear, To grief and misery ? So lighLt up the'present with blissful song, Seeking through life as we journey along That region prepared for you, dear, That haven of rest for me. MARION AND CLARA. .--I loved a maiden fair to see- Fool was I; I loved her sweet simplicity- Fool was I. I left her for the open sea, I trusted to her constancy; Said I, "She'll ne'er prove false to me." Fool was I. I sailed from out the little bay- Fool was I; Ifirst to countries far away- Fool was 1. My love. thought I, each night and day Will think of me so far away; A love like hers will last for aye- Fool was I. And often when I could not sleep- Fool was 1- I'd gaze into the tranquil deep; Fool was I. And peaceful thoughts would o'er me creep Of her far o'er tihe silent deep, Whose gentle heart was in my keep- Fool was I. And when the winds were soft and low- Fool was I- I cursed the ship for moving slow; Fool was I. Oh, little, little did I know ! Oh, bitter, bitter, hitter woe I I cursed the ship for moving slow- Fool was I. And when to home we turned at last- Fool was I- I prayed the skies to last the blast; Fool was I. I climbed the tall and stately mast, I saw the clouds go sailinb past, I prayed the skies to send the blast- Fool was I. But from the ocean black as night- Fool was I- At last I hailed the harbour bright; Fool was 1. My blood ran swift, my heart was light, The tears of joy and pure delight Rose from my heart and dimmed my sight; Fool was I. I sought my home with hurried tread- Fool was I; I sought, to find my love had fled- Fool was I. Long, long ago, the people said, For love of wealth and gold she'd wed; I came to find her henst was dead- Fool was I ! H. A. TAYLOR,. Birkenhead. 10.-I never can forget That woeful day to me, When I popped to Angolina In the cottage by the sea. She laughed at my predicament, Although it gave me pain, For I sat down on a piece of glass, And quickly rose again. I never can forget When I wooed another maid, Hlow I started out one evening That dear girl to serenade. I sang a primal, just one verse, I couldn't sing the rest, For I tumbled in the waterbutt, And spoiled my Sunday best. I never can forget, In the morning I was found Reposing in the waterbutt- 'Twas dry, or I'd have drowned. The kindness of that magistrate Was really past all praise, For he lent to me a suit of clothes For one-and-twenty days. I never can forget When at last I came to town, HIow I met my Angelina, And she didn't even frown. She last me she would marry me, And made my heart so light; Now she heats me with the poker When I come home late at night. ROBERT LB DIABLE. 11.-She was first as the Venus of mythical fame- A model of beauty as seldom is seen; And she'd roused in my heart such a fierce, burning flame As consumed my whole spirit- You know what I mean. Three times every hour had I sauntered right past bhe spot where my image of beauty reclined; And on her so many sweet looks I had cast, But she seemed to my love's glances totally blind. I can bear it no longer, and towards her I walk With trembling footsteps and deep.blushing face; And I try to look gallant-endeavour to stalk With a last that is certainly quite out of place. As I near her, she looks with a glance of surprise When she sees that my hat I have dotffed; And in silvery tones, as she lifts up her eyes, Says, " Young fellow, you surely are soft I" I. W, ANDREWs, Hampstead. DECAPITATION, (Drop the first letter of a word, isavinz another wordJ 12.-A delicious kind of fruit, If you will please behead, A tasty sortof fish You will have instead. BAss, Chester,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 18.-Ferd by springs in wildness gushing From the rocky earth, On my way I still am rushing In a trance of mirth. Over stony pathways bubbling, Flowing here and there. Round the bigger pebbles doubling, On my way I fare. Tumbling through the leafy places, Where the songsters stare, Revelling in Nat. re's graces, 1 am everywhere. Through the grassy meadows going On my happy way, Ever bounding, ever flowing Through the livelong day. Till at last with rush and quiver Down the steep I ran, Greeting heartily the river, Where my work is done. r'oss Words. See them in each town and city Stretched on every band ; Some of them are wide and pretty, Built at wealth's commn and. What we see in these, the pages Of the " Tournament ;" It in many, I'll engage, is Seeking for a vent. When he meets you, you're in danger, There is not a doubt; If to fear you're quite a stranger, You may fight it out. That which stirs the hearts unnumbered Of the sons of men, Causing great desires that slumbered To be known again. Goddess of the opening morning Letting free the light, Sky, and sea, and earth adorning With thy gracious might. Storehouse of the many wonders Of the sea and earth, Where the mind reflective ponders, And new thoughts have birth. IvANHOE. Belfast. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the niarrativoe. 14.-The shades of night were coming down As slowly through our little town A youth there passed with spirits gay, Ejaculating all the way, " Dear Riddledom I" His face was red, his eye was clear, His language, too, was strange to hear; A crowd of urchins gathered round And listened to that welcome sound, " Dear Riddledom i" In happy homes lie saw folks read, And at the sight increasel his speed, For it was puelication day, And this it was that made him say, " Dear Riddledom !" " Oh, stay, my lad," all old men cried ; Yet through the street on, on he hied; Bult when lieo saw the new.eslan's store, His carion voice rang as before, " Dear Riddledom !" He hastened to the counter's side, And for his paper wildly cried; They gave it him. He smiled a smile, Still muttering to himself the while, " Dear Riddledom I" lie severed gently as could be The pages of his Y. F. P., Then folded it with treasured care, While still there fell upon the air, " Dear Riddledom I" He gazed upon it with a gaze, Then o'er his vision came a haze; His name was there, but nothing sigued- It lay beneath the word "Declined." Dear Riddledom ! He looked a look, then gave a start, Exclaimed, " We now for ever part." Then straightway to a streamulet hied, Still muttering as he plungod and died, "Dear Riddledom!" i T. ROISTON AND SreTAX. 15.-" Love is flighty, Though 'tis mighty," Quoth a maiden fair to see; " I'll not tarry- I will marry Him who asketh firstfor me." "I don't like you," Said the maiden, When the first one came to woo; " I will tarry- I'll not marry; That's my answer, sir, to you." "Does he love me ? Will he ask me ?" Sighed that maiden, when love came. " I do love him, And would wed him, Though he have not rank or fame." " You are pretty, You are witty, And I love you well," said lie; " I am anxious- I would ask you, Will you share your life with me?" " I say, 'Yes,' sir, For lmy answer; I'll be proud to share your name. 1 will whisper To you softly, Love I knew not till you came." WILLIs, Manchester. (With apologies to Longfellowe. Parody on "L'Esavoi.") 16.-Ye voices of the nose That after evening's close Arise from the wearied in repose, Go, bellow in the ear Of all the riddlers near, And say to them, " Do you feel queer?" Ye peals, now loud, now calm, That shako the pallet's arm, And fill the breast, liue thunder, with alarm, Go, horrify once more With deep, blood-curdling roar, Until they shriek, "Avaunt, thou bore !" J. C. DRENSON AtD V. D. 'fAYLOa. 17.-Katie had a little lamb, Its fleece was very dirty, And as she couldn't keep it clean, She gave it to young Gerty. Gert drove it past the school one day, To. a butcher's shop close by, Where it waskilled, and sold to make A monstrous mutton fie. A . A. DYrS. Southampton.,
BETAGRAM. (Chan'othe second letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-Behold the sweet skylark, in gladness upsoaring, With bright golden sunshine at rest on his head; His song throueh the arches of heaven outpouring, And seeming all round him fresh glories to spread, While soars the gay songster still higher and higher, Till just a mere speck marks his wonderful flight, Yet feel we he primal with all his old fire, Though now but the clouds can re-echo his might. And thus the poor minstrel, alone and forsaken, His songs all unheeded, and slighted his name, Regards not the world that his trust hath so shuken, But looks to high Heaven for justice and fame; That, when his last anthem below shall be ended, And wasted his soul to that glorious shore, The next that he loved shall at length be coanneieti. And he with the angels sing on evcerimorn. F. G. WEan, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters ofa word are transposed, nod form another word Ai the lnrrlative.) 19.-" Good morning" has a formal air Whenever friends together meet, In alley, passage, crescent, square, Place, building, row, or street. Such greeting suits the heartle.-s crowd, The cold, unfeeline, selfish crew; There's finer friendship in the l loud And honest, hearty " How d'ye do ?" "How have you been ?" is colder far, And seemeth always to infer The asker heeds not what you are, But only what you were. The past 'tis folly to recall, Then why the buried past review? " How have you been ?" is worse than all- No, give yours truly " How d'ye do P" " I'm glad to see you looking well "- Said with lack-lustre eye, forsooth !- Too often is, the truth to tell, A cold and heartless-well-untruth. Yet, oh, mistrust the needy one Who with his lynx eye looks you through, And murtm'ring, " Some one must be done," Exclaims aloud, "How do you do ?" TERESa CAMPTrHOLIN, Hammersmith. TRANSPOSITION. (Tranesose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-This is the " milky way," you know- Here be cool puncheouns all a-row, Bright tins from which a stream doth flow Of fresh diurnal sweetness. Here Phyllis of the dainty hand Churns butter, cheese turns on its stand; Her cream's the finest in the land; Herself the queen of neatness. Now change the scene, and swift behold A book; yet be not over-bold, Your honour to keep bright as gold May make you wish for blindness. For fairest Chloris hers hath writ Sweet thoughts that through her pure mind flit; It may be, too, the " cream of wit" And " milk of human kindness." nMADEIRA. ENIGMAS. 21.-You see me every Wednesday at the top of Yotuig Folks Paper, And with Queen Marion in the "T." I've cut f;ull many a caper; Jo-King does not possess me, no, nor yet does winsome Queenie, Though with Lilian D. and Ivanhoe you very plainly see nce. With l'atrick S. of Belfast town you cannot help but find me. And 11. A. Taylor, Birkenhead, is always just behind me; I'm found, too, at the back of Mr. Puck, of Ballymena; And Jeunie Arthur-well, I'm sure without me you've ne'er seen her. With Mr. Philo of Glasgow you'll find I am no stranger, And I am always seen within the very worst of danger; With Rosa B. I am in love, aud mean to keep beside her, And while I watch o'er Marie Z. no harm can e'er betide her. I'm very, very friendly with our charming little Amy, Although her clever chum, Miss Edie, ne'er will dlare to claim me; I'm nowhere with our Editor; Miss Rendle cannot get mno; S. Wood I never see, though Mr. Langston can't forget me. G. Nicholls and H. Cox will never add me to their glory, Though without me there's not one of you could ever write a story. In Ez, and Mr. Birrell, Mr. Leigh, and clever Morley With me attached-well, all their names would look quite sad and poorly- In fact, we shouldn't know them; so I'll make my dis. appearance, And leave you to discover me without my interference. NELLIm \WATSON, Cheshant, 22.-You see me floating on the sea, You see me when you dine; You find me first upon a tree, And now I'm on your wine. I'm cut, although I'm very tough, I'm orften called a sole; I'm small, but still I'm strong enough To hear the weight of coal. G. W. IlHAYaIA, 23.--How bravely do they face the might, The anger of the deep; How leisurely they ply their oars O'er seas in troubled sleep I No braver hearts e'er beat in breast, No arms more true and tried, Than those that sail in calm and storm, And brave the ocean tide. V. D. T., Warrington.