RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
(Change the fBrt letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-When gay banners wave o'er a brilliant array. In playful contention with Zephyrus' powers, And plumes o'er the helmet coquettishly sway, Half-hiding the love-bunch of fresh gathered flowers- When bridles are clinking, and horses are prancing. And ladies' light hearts, with their glances, are dancing. And gleemaids and bards o'er their harps are romancing Of " Dogs and their day "- D'ye think that more pleasure the heart is entrancing- More jubilance-ah?- D'ye think there's more joy 'neath the floating aigrette, Or the breast whereon sparkles the diamond set, Than oar Editor's " Double" can primal beget ? Ask the lad who is routing, and shouting of tronting, Or the maiden, red flushing from rushing and hushing. Or " Mamma" who is scolding, pie-moulding withhold. ing- And if mater don't bless it for moments of quiet, And the boy for the spice that it adds to his diet, And the maid for its " Roses " and " Violets," why, it 'S because they have never the fortune to eye it 1 But I last that no stronger affection nor true Exists for the Ed. and his rubicund clan Than is owned by the " Tournament" girls and those who ' Have a mild inclination to reckon as " man !" For. gallants I the ladies no longer will mark Alone our encounters with gaiety bright; But, like Countess de BMontfort and Joan of Are, They put on their armour and join in the fight. Well, Cupid himself is a soldier, and who Will refuse a good bumper (of sweet oountry milk) To " The fair ones around us, and what they can do." And exclaim, with Bob Acres, " Odds satin and silk !" And all, 've no doubt, would seize goblet and cup, With significant winks, and a rattling tune, If I softly requested to know what was up On or about the third seven of June. And amid a vociferous burst of " Hear I hear !" Enough to wake even a mule from his (?) slumber, There'd rise to the sky a most deafening cheer: "Success to Young Folks and the grand Double Number " W. A. CooPEB. 2.--Hail to our Midsummer Grand Double Number I Hail to the promised and long looked for treat I Wakens the poet from out of his slumber, Tunes he a song its appearance to greet. Summer I with flow'rs and with birds sweetly singing ; Summer I with sunshine and naught but blue skies; Summer I with gnats and the bees one a-stinging; Summer I with ices, cream, strawberries-and flies; Summer with picnics and " cheap day excursions ;" Summer I with holidays, flirting, and fun; Summer first one shuns all violent exertions; Summer I with-stay I did you notice my pun ? Next to crown all comes our grand Double Nnmber, Bringing me back just to where I began. Good-bye I the bard sinks again into slumber- Under this ditty his name you may scan. E. C. TuRnsmnoE. BETAGRAMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-Tell us not of "Double Numbers" unltss ste are in them seen, For the riddler's dead that slumbers, and we slumbering do not mesn; We are ready, we are willing cons, to offer by the roll- ' Not quite fit for publication " can't be spoken of the whole. Not in hearing talk of others who bear all the bays away- Is our great ambition sated ? we must enter in the fray; Oft to sling our ink on paper, thus to Fame our way to pave, While our pens are digging for us an immortal inky gravel Rules of verse shall never next us, and we will not waste our time In acquiring dry old grammar, nor be bound in firsts of rhyme; Neither can our heads be bothered studying " Tom Moore's graceful strain," As our Ed. once told a riddler, then declined his conse. again. In the paper field of battle, in the scene of mimic life, We our Ink-pot shields will rattle 'mid the press of inky strife; In the future 'cwill be pleasant (idle boasting this may read) In the " Tournament" to find that every week we take the lead! GRALaM AND WALLIS. 4.-'Tis the first of our " Champion " We're dwelling upon, Who seems to have packed up His writings and gone ; No line of his penning, No verse meets our eye. In the " Tournament's " columns, As each week goes by. We do mourn thee, thou next one, And sorrow that Fate 'The acquaintance between us Should so separate. We think of the " Torneys " Of old which you led, And how sweet are the mem'ries Concerned with thee, Fred I F. WALLIS. 5.-A blank sheet lay upon my desk; I sat in thoughtful mood, Intending to compose a poem, be it understood. The words kept ringing in my ears which I had lately read, A notice opportunely given by our able Ed. To those Young Folks desiring to be represented in 'rhe grand Midsummer Number, and so reputation win. When presently methought I saw fair Masa by my sid.-, And, lol she held a wand-the same she to my head applied, Then disappeared, and then I felt in me a sudden change ; Such fanciful ideas my brain entered-'twas most strange. Fair nMusa had endowed me with poetic first it seemed- I say " it seemed," because you know 'tis only what I dream'd. I quickly that blank sheet did fill, and then did it enclose \Vithin an envelope; but as I from my seat arose, To post this poem (which composed was, as you all know well, For l oung Folks' Summer Number, friends), I o'er a hassock fell ! Then I awoke, to find my head in contact with the floor- To find my foolscap last was blank-the poem was " na more." ARCHER B. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound. 6.-Along the lanely first he went, With sad and heavy heart. For soon his dearest one and he For ever needs must part. "And must I leave her thus ?" he cried. "An exile shall I die ? And she may suffer grief and pain, And none to soothe her by !" And on and on he next until He came beside the shore: He saw the broad expanse of sea, He heard its sullen roar. " My time has come' a last farewell To her I love the best. And in a few short hours I'll tbe Far o'er the water's breast." The last adieu has spoken been, A boat appears in view, And in it now he takes his seat Amidst the merry crew. And to the ship he soon is third. One look upon the shore, He sighing, breathes his heart's good-bye- ie'll tread Its sand no more. D, R. Dmssow,.
ROTATION CHANGE. (Chance the letters of a wordln sucncesslon to form other words.) 7.-Once more we meet, a happy, laughing throng, And gay congratulations are repeated; Once more we raise our voice in joyful song O'er victories first, and enemies defeated. Our tuneful lyres pour forth their strains of bliss, Arousing dormant riddlers from their slumber, To help proclaim the magnitude of this Grand Double Number. Once more we meet, our many friends to show (For friends we have in almost every nation) How much we prize what praise they may bestow, And thank them for their kindly adulation, While hearty cheers ring out on every hand, From south and west, and far across the Humber, In glad appreciation of this grand Midsummer Number. Once more we meet, and puzzling lasts we don To solve each next with spirits still unaltered; For who, as this great page they gaze upon, Third say that we have ever failed or faltered ? Each riddling bard, ssembled here, I wis, Will cheer aloud, nor let the echoes slumber, And help me thank our Londox friends for this Grand Double Number. MARIoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-May this attend the glorious Double Number ! Come, let us all give forth a hearty cheer, And do not let your faculties now slumber, But may we all be represented here. 'Twill call forth both great joy and admiration, It cannot fail to please both young and old, So with a shout to show our approbation, We'll welcome make the treat we now behold. Cross Words. We often see it in the sky; An English town for second take A garment in my third espy; And then my fourth a fish will make. A well-known title, very grand; A little island in the sea; A trifling pain-you understand, And you can solve this con. for me. J. A. MARSHALL, CONUNDRUM. 9.-I know you don't care a small bit for my cons., Bat I certainly shall do my best To amuse you. So tell when the vowel called E May be reckoned as taking a rest ? W. D. PICKERING. the nrr-attve., 10.-When going to the races we Some noticeable things remark ; We find-in fact, to hear and see We only have to watch and hark- We find that every one supplied With topics, tongues, and breath will talk; That those with funds elect to ride, While those who've none prefer to walk. To note the places on the route Amusement and instruction gives : Where roamed of yore the savage brute Is now where Thingumberry lives. Such information we command From " Guides," which prove a welcome aid, And are an institution grand, With stores of knowledge ready made. The entertainment furnished by The varied phases of the course Unheeded is by those who cry To willing asses, " Back an'orse!" Amusement intellectual Is sought and found where "niggers " are- One quip they use, that's apt to pall, Affirms a door to be a-jar. In divers shapes financial games Proceed, and flourish here and there ; The one that moot attention claims Will always prove the greatest snare. Your ideal of true delight May be at " cokernuts " to bowl ; But seeing Punchinello fight Pervades with bliss the writer's soul. While on the course we always find Those folk who'v heto the races come, We misse the ones that stayed behind, Which is the case, of course, with some. Perhaps, in point of fact, you .ill That statement take exception to; H owever, notwithstanding, still I vow I'll not dispute with you. WV. J. SARMAIN. 11.-The great Lord of Lea from his conch quickly jumped, One fine summer day-it was late by the clock- And loud on the gong he several times thumped In a wsy calculated one's feelings to shock. He rged and he sworae, hi hair wildly tore,
And kicked the attendant page slap through the door. Then summoned his vassals, and served 'em the same ; In short, sirs, he played them a very fine game. In the good days of old they would, so I'm told, Do this kind of thing, for 'twas plucky and bold. Let me try to explain how he happened to be Put out in the way I've so briefly described. Well, to end up our tale, I have failed quite to see Why he was so put out, as was heretofore said1 But surmise 'cause he jumped out th' wrong side of the bed ! PnRINcE E"NEs. MONOPHONE. 1LThe sky was first, the clouds were white, All Nature seemed serene; As Charles next bubbles, what delight Upon his face was seen I J. C. C.
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters ln a word to form another word.) 3.-There's a mystical buzz in the air, And a murmur of great expectation; There are whispers about everywhere, And excitement's first high through the nation. There are crowds standing out in the street, From the highways, and by-ways, and alleys ; You can hear the loud tramp of their feet From Penzance right to Buckingham Palace. There are thousands of eager.faced boys, Who have last vulgar fractions and grammar, Too excited to make any noise, Or create a disturbance and clamour. There's a million of pretty-faced girls, With bright eyes and pink cheeks all a-glowing, Who exclaim, as they shake their rich curls, " Oh, how slowly the minutes are going !" There are dignified.looking young men, With light ties and extremely high collars, Who all try to look unconcerned when " Here it comes!" some small wag loudly" hol!ers." And handsome young ladies are there, Our dear sisters, and sweethearts, and cousins, And uncles and aunts, I declare, And mcaters and paters in cozense The policemen who linger and lurk Around corners try not to look eager; The oflice boys proudly spurn work, And the newspaper shops they beleaguer. Ludgate Hill is a picture to see, While old Fleet-street quite " baffles description." How they got there's a mystery to me, But they're there, and truth's stranger than fiction ! Hark! What means that wild, mighty shout ? Those " Hurrahs !" and the pennies a-jingling ? See those men who come staggeringont I With exertion their muscles are tingling. But, good gracious I how wonderfully fast Go the loads which their shoulders encumber I And explained is the mystery at last-- Hurrah ! 'tis Young Folks Summer Number I F. R. CooLSon, ENIGMA. 14.-I'm red, I'm blue, I'm black, I'm green, I'm oval, square, and round, I'm short and tall, I'm large and small, And everywhere abound. In festive times I'm always seen, And o'er the desert roam, I'm rich and poor, I'm used by all, And found in every home. D. Scor', Newtongrange. AnD ;T)n'rru-srGcrns." n see l'age 223.) CURTAILMENT. Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 13.-Keen the wintry wind is blowing, Still and softly it is snowing, While within the firelight slickers on a primal of the door. Sit I in my chamber musing, Blaming, censuring, abusing Fate, who's on me laid a burden which is grievous, painful, sore. I imagine that I'm beckoned By a hand through window second, And I writhe and twist in anguish-anguish never known before ; For I know that I must follow Over dreary moor and hollow That weird form that on me beckons-beckons to another shore. On I go, in fear unbounded, While my senses are confounded, Till we come into a cavern where there fiercely burns a fire. On a ledge lede a third is sitting, And an imp, in costume fitting, Jumps and dances round about it, making faces grim anl dire. Laughed he then in fashion fearful, Antu I thought he looked quite cheerful When he spied me in a tremble, standing shiv'ring on the ficor. "Puny mortal, art thou ready ?" Thus he cried, in accents steady, Then a crash a crash l and I awakened, as the wind blew in the door. J. M'Cotr., Glasgow. ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The answer is a worod composed of Roman numeral.) l.-'o those whose object's to reveal What I here carefully conceal, This puzzle con. I now address, And trust the answer they will gues", My second's just one-fifth of first. " What is that first?" you say. Thers e lies the secret, I reply; Now find it for me, pray. S Equivalents are feirset and third, And so are tao and fear; One hundred times my third will give My last, and nothing more. Itly whole means sprightly, strikin g, clear ( Ihis last is much too plain, I fear)
"is time !" I hear you shout, " ti time !" M. F. GEuRA, Fernmoy. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 17.-To wnte a small riddle I now will essay, sirs, If you kilnd attention will pay for a time; And if you will listen I will not delay, sirs, But quickly continue with my simple rhyme. And now for my primal: when found, it will state, sirs, A metal, as useful as any could be - And second will name a well-known kind of weight, sirs; And in last a number you plainly will see. Now, I am afraid I have kept you too long, sirs (Dear me I for a rhyme I am in great distress). So now I will finish my poor little song, sirs, And hope that the answer to same you will guess. J. A. G. MajtuaL,
CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which i~ a war I. 18.-" Here we are again!" gay friends, " Here we ar again !" re First the surging crowd of youth bound by frieudlhil, chain, Eager in the race of life, buoyed by dreams of fa:me Scarcely conscious of the pow'r resting in a name. Here we come, a motley crowd drawn from all the land Fellowship our closest tie, binding hand to band Ev'ry grade and rank of life vieing in the fight. Tilt.ng on a paper field, knight oppos'd to kuight Each the champion of a shire, chosen, tried, anwl tri, Each resolved his name to bring scathless thrungh d through. War.worn heroes lead the way, Binstead at their h :,,! Sprightly Coulson follows next, of weak foes the ldro 1 Kitchner, Aspen, Harrington, Noe Naime, Elbou Mij, Troy, Agrippa, Alex S., cross the poet's bridge Pick'ring, Sharman, Grant and Raw, Archer B. azd Hayes, Find in last, and total, too, much deserving praoie. Amazons well skilled and brave, maids of warlike min, Proudly led by Marion T., now their able queen. Who has long her prowess prov'd, helpel by No lie C, Diana, Amy, Eveline, and youthful Clarice G. ACROSTIC. Pa:LO. Foundation Word. 19.-Trouble hovers o'er the land- War has lately been proclaimed. Athenianus surely cannot stand 'Gainst the Dorianus, justly famed For deeds of strength and couq'ring mi.lt In the fierce and deadly fight. Lofty purpose fills the heart Of the Athenian king, as he Hears the oracle impart Sentence that the victory Shall belong to those whose king Falleth by the foeman's hand. Straightway he resolves to Lring Vict'ry to his native land. Yes; his life he'll gladly give That his country's fame may live, In a simple peasant's dress, To the Dorian camp he goes. Surely no one there will guess A king's disguised in those poor clothes. Now, with jeer and scoff he strives To pick a quarrel with the men. By his taunting words contrives To urge them on to fighting, then, To have his mission well fulfilled, He by a foeman's hand is killed. Songs of praise the Athenians sing-- Praises for their victories; But songs of sorrow for their king Sadden the festivities. " Who will rule us now," they cry, " After him so lately slain ?" "No one," is the quick reply : " No one will we have to reign. Let his praises ever ring As the last Athenian king." Primals, read aright, will bring To view this famed Athenian king. Cross Words. A famed Egyptian queen ; My next names a divine ; A poet here is seen; A prince of Stuart line; An island west of France; A writer of romance. AMY BoEnsER, iShorneliff;. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or wJrd1 Foundation Words. 20.-Hurrah I Hurrah l 'Tis Satnrday, Young Folks will soon be here; The postman's coming up our way, We'll greet him with a cheer. My primals and my finals then Will be before your view. Every Saturday, ye ken, Young Folks has something new, Cross Words. A Spanish town; an organ of fight ; Lofty in stature for third guess riht ; An English river my fourth will be; A quadruped in my fifth you'll see; My sixth, a priest of a sect you know; My next " I love" in Latin will show I would feel like a last if I only could vi w This acrostic in Young Folks. Dear readers, adiea! Eieos Mio. METAGRAM. 21.-The dearest wish of Billy Blinker's heart Was to sail o'er the earth in a balloon ; And, oh I he panted for a chance to start (Disgusted with the world) to seek the moon. At length an aeronaut whose first rang far Took pity on the would-be cloud explorer, And offered him a corner of his car. " Once a sore youth," quoth Bill, " I'm now a soarer.:" Well, up they went, but hard my lot must be To have to tell the trouble that they got in ; They were becalmed just o'er the Irish Sea, And Billy wept that he his bed was not in. " Blinky," the captain said (it was his war To be familiar with all nexts around him), " Of hope there is at present but one ray " (Thought Billy. " Oh, he'll throw me out, confoani him !"). "Only one ray, which is to get up higher, For very likely there the wind is blowing; But all the ballast's gone, and we require To lighten the balloon. Now, then, who's goin:" "Jump out yourself !" sobbed Bill. "You weigh the most," "No," said his friend; "we'll toss for it-tthl' settled." And so they tossed, when, lo ! the captain lost, Which made Bill glad, but made the captain nettled. "Now, out you go !" yelled Bill, with joy elate; But, oh 1 that captain was a wicked sinner. He grasped poor Billy by his woolly pate, And threw the fish a most nutricious dinner. Then that third captain went up, up, awey. And what befell him really I can't swear too: The b'loon has not been heerd of to this d ty- It sailed away, but goodness knoweth where t ' How fourth I with the story ? Well, you see, The fact is understood that poet's eyes, And thoughts, and souls soar up delightfoll.y, And mine, just then, were soaring in the pliie ' DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word.leaving anotafur i .r.t 22.-To rescue the fast drowning man, We pulled with all our might, When, lo ! a horrid first apteared. And snatched him from our sight. Just next unto that peal of bells, Whose music strikes the ear; The merry sound all gloom di pels, And fills each heart with cheer. CONUNDRUM. 2.--Can you tell me the name of a town, Which, simply by adding a man, Is turned into another, with ten times more people Now answer this con. if you can. F. C. BOEHMREn, Shorncel.t.