RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-Ppeeoh may be silver, but I doubt it greatly, Though I believed that proverb until lately. But the belief first rudely been dispelled, E'en as a flower is plucked, or tree is felled. For once I knew, though I know him no more, One whom we may describe in brief "a bore;" He ne'er next silent, but would often fill The room with discord when all second still. Therefore this proverb's truth at least I've found- " An empty barrel makes the greatest sound;" For void of reason second he, and hence Much could he talk, with very little sense. "Silence is golden." This old proverb, too, In my opinion is but partly true. Man may too much or may too little say, Speak not, or speak and know not when to stay. Silence is proof of neither sense nor wit; An empty rattle can no sound emit. Let all you say be ruled by common-sense; None save a fool will senseless speech dispense. Man's greatest wisdom most is found to lurk, Not in his speech, but rather in his work ; Wise is the man who first but sense to know Actions, not speech nor silence, wisdom show I A. ST. J. Ancocx. ADDITION. 2.-" Now, by my halidom 1" Sir Rupert stormed (They used such oaths and stormed so in the ages Which, happily, are past), " they shall be warmed " (Alluding to a couple of his pages, Whom he had caught as they, behind his back, Extending fingers, placing thumbs to noses, Took what they called " a sight," until a smack By bold Sir Rupert given brought the roses Into their pallid cheeks ; and this is why Sir Rupert used the rather queer expression The scribe records above). " Hark, sirrah I Will carve first crown to chine, if no profession Of penitence is made-i' faith, I will I" And, saying so, the doughty knight drew forth a Thing resembling much the knife they kill The pigs with in last latter days. (The author Has seen it done, but won't describe just here The operation, for a slight allusion To matters such as that would interfere With bringing this unto a nice conclusion.) I'll Braddonize remainder of this grand, Exciting romance-don't give way to laughter. Sir Rupert pardoned both his pages, and They lived and died quite happily e'er after! W. J. SuAaMAH. BETAGRAM. 3.-A lawyer's clerk, renowned for his ability, Indeed, in penning deeds he was a wonder; So vast his knowledge and his great utility, He never had been known to make a blunder. No suit intricate yet was found unsuitable To his propensities for solving clearly ; In brief, his talents were quite indisputable, For-which he drew a handsome stipend yearly. Remarkable was he for assiduity, Conspicuous for habits very stately, And far removed from any incongruity- That is, he had been up till very lately. When to relate it sad is, yet to palliate Shortcomings I have never once inclined, sir. N.B.-Dear Ed., I hope you won't retaliate, And write me, "Thanks; your puzzle is declined, sir." "You never do I" What's that P The word" omology." I see you wish to mystify with phrases. " I use Parnassus much toe oft !" Mythology I "Proceed." Ye gods, my brain in quite a daze is I! However, since you wish it, sir, methodical Shall be my narrative. Instead of water This lawyer's clerk imbibed so periodical, He took to beer-a fact, sir; common porter ! And into first did fall with one adorable Miss Maud de Clarence, rich, fair, two and twenty, Who scorned his suit, and then he grew deplorable (For why, I know not; pretty girls are plenty). But quickly rallied, and, with great velocity, Bangs to the office door, and barred the shutters; Then sits to write an ode, with great verbosity, To Maud the fair, and this is what he utters: " Angelic Maud, for you alone I second, dear I I first you well-more dearly than you're guessing. An ode.ious rival is, as quite I reckoned, dear, Persuading your papa to give his blessing. "Oh, Maudie "- " Sir, confound your cool audacity I Enough I! This rhapsody has reached ten verses. We do not doubt (P) for writing you've capacity." "I "- " Stop ! In future, mind your con. more terse is." L. HAxILTON. CHARADE. 4.-The curtain rose, and then the first proceeded, To show how Virtue was to rogues opposed; But Jerry Jones the primal little heeded, For there upon his seat he, snoring, dozed. The speedy barque goes cleaving through the waves, When overboard falls Captain Wilson brave. But, see, the gallant second's in and saves His captain from an awful, early grave, I never see my former totals now, Though often do I wonder how they fare. They knew me when no furrows lined my brow, To show the world what I have seen of care. BAnNETT DE BEAU. ENIGMA. 5.-I first saw light at fearful height, And at my birth was small and slight; Then off I went, on travel bent, And stopped not till my life was spent. I rushed along, grew stout and strong, But, strange to say, not tall, though long. Both far and wide my arms did glide, And though soon-after I was tied, I iever stayed, but still I made My busy way through town and glade. I turned the mill, grew corn. but still I'd often men and women kill. Through dale, o'er lea, I'd swiftly flee, And wildly struggled to the sea. One angry roar, a mad, swift pour, A urioUs plunge, and all was o'er! G. Taor. OMEGRAM. 6.-Where first the bloom of Ada's cheek, The sunshine of her eye P Why does the lily, sweet, though weak, Supplant the rose's dye? Has Cupid's arrow pierced thy heart, And left it bleeding there Or is next thine to feel the smart Of poverty and care P The branches of the stately oak May tremble in the blast, Yet, unimpaired, sustain the shock 'Till nature's storm has past. Rise, Ada, rise above thy grief, Whate'er that grief may be; For, though I cannot give relief, I yet can pity thee. Brra L. lBzoonrin. TRANSPOSITION. i.--First jolly in the summer-time To hear the eager shout. Of the cricketer, as the wicket falls, . And the nuipire gives it "Out '" Now, next can dare dispute it, There's nothing can surpass The merry game of crick~et, boys, Well played upon the grass. SPOTSTRso, G:aBsgOw. CENTRAL DELETION. 8.-My whole is a number- An odd one, I ween; But take out the centre, What's left will be seen. T. CAnaPENTxa.
TRANSPOSITION. 9.-Master Grub, I must first, was a queer little elf, And his poems were nearly as queer as himself ; But he thought he was quite a poetical sun- A sort of a Byron and Shakespeare in one I He started, like many an amateur lad, With lays of the awfully, morbidly sad, All about broken hearts, grief and gravestones and shame, Bat they second him little of glorious fame. A satire on Woman he spitefully tried, And his readers in merriment laughed till they cried. He smiled, for he saw not (his sense being dim) That those jovial fellows were laughing at him I And third he professes to be very strong- Well, well, I won't say that the little chap's wrong. Though I don't wish his physical strength to asperse, I wish it would only extend to his verse I Mueeais AND JUGOINS. REVERSION. 10.-The wolf prowled out from his dismal lair, The night was dark. and chill the air; He looked around for a victim small, But never a victim he first at all. " Oh, where are the lambs of low degree ?" He growled to himself so angrily. " They should come to me, with b~nded knee, And sue for the life I should spare-he ! he ! For I'm not very hungry--oh, no I oh, no! Why, bless my heart, how the wind does blow I" At length there came a baa-lamb tame, And little Barnee was this ban-lamb's name. " Come here, come here, my poor little dear. Come into my lair, and we will share The fine repast I have got to.night." And the poor little baa-lamb said, "All right." In they went, on feeding bent, But once within, with a fearful din, The wolf carried out his foul intent, And the lamb to the arms of his fathers sent? And the wolf he laughed, " What a fool last he I" As he picked the bones of poor little Barnee. H. C. Parca. Southwark. METAGRAMS. 11.-I do not want to tease ye, But only wish to please ye With the tale of Paddy Shaaghnessy and pretty Kate O'Dowd. It was in the last December, As ye surely will remember, That the Y. F. Christmas Number came to please a joyous crowd. Sure, Paddy couldn't slumber Until he'd bought a number, And taken it along with him his first colleen to see. The next read through its pages The writings of its sages, And thought a better story-book there never yet could be. They passed some curious strictures On the beauty of its pictures, And Paddy told his tale of love from out its stores 6f verse. Sure, Kate was much delighted, And now they are united; But they mean to be subscribers still for better and for worse. H. H. SPAtLING. 12.-A sort of cabbage ; please change head, And you will have a fish instead; Then, if you change its head again, What means a hollow will remain. Change head again, and then, I ween, A rod or measure will be seen; Repeat this change, please, and a mound Or animal will then be found. Amr BOEHMER, Shorncliffe. DOUBLE CENTRAL CHANGE. 13.-Attention one moment, I pray, I promise I shall not be long; Indeed, I have little to say, So hearken, I pray, to my song. In first you are sure to behold A vehicle farmers possess, And others as well, I am told, Do think of despising it less. In second you cannot but see A garment that all of us use ; And also I'm thinking that we Do often that garment abuse. I often have tried to be third, And now I am trying once more; So see if I'm keeping my word, Or otherwise this is a bore. At present there's plenty of this, But sensible people detest The thing in their doings, I wis, And wanting it people are best. R. MONTGOMEiY. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 14.-He wrote in language that was so sublime In purity and in divine expression. A beacon light, the brightest of his time, Of whose aged frame the earth has now possession. Cross Words. Fierce and wild, he tore o'er mountain's height And emerald plain, swift as a deadly blight. To touch our hearts, to melt us into tears, It gives an impulse, and that impulse cheers. Wake, man, awake I Spend not thy time to find A half.hid mystery you must leave behind. Sweet as the music from enchanted lute Is poesy presented in such suit. The winds wax wroth, the stormy petrels fly, And wild waves raise their whitened crests on.high. There never yet was trouble knew no calm; 'Tis on the raging ocean more than balm. Vast lands are traversed, cataracts and falls Are dashing where the solitude appals. A. H. ScAuLx. CHARADE. 15.-The first is sinking out of sight, And est no longer reigns supreme; Fair Luna rules the realms of night, And nature owns her for its queen. The forest night's dark presence feels, And hushed and still is every sound; The tiger from its haunt now steals, And stealthy walks the turfy ground. Now dawns my whole, the first appears, The bird its carol sweetly sings, The wild fiow'r its fair form uprears, And to the breeze its odour flings. AGenrrIPPA. OMEGRAM. 16.-Dear riddling friends, to find my first You have not far to seek, For in that journal called Young Folks 'Tis seen and read each week. Now, change the tail-well, I declare I A bird usurps the place Once more this change repeat, and you A riddler's name will trace. MT. F. GEa-, Fermoy. DECAPITATION. 17.-A kind of fruit my first will be; But. if you this behead, A part of every man you'll see Disclosed to you instead. L, E. aI.