RIDDIE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
ChIe thO first two letters of a word to form another word.) ih u Volunteer Cyclists were fearless and bold, I?' g ...odseudt with scarlet and gold; be, heof them smart tnd well-drilled seemed to he Athe smartest one there-was young Corporal D. lot te t as a scout to keep watch near the green, re pst sohen the enemy's men could be seen; T0orepor ms w hs e to obtain such renown, fTha is sne might be praised by each girl in the town. nhau t been there long, when he heard a loud blast, d senlt some of the foe quickly passed; hdao nlen were they, and round by the mill well oun pursuit as he dashed down-i the hill. die road Icy a trs, very ert, long, and wide,. .hr Siar.i i-hieeous urchin had placed there w pride; hicheot inch desired it soon had, I regret: Theeffect came crash-he remembers it yet. The cychi well plensed was the urchin, who chuckled with glee, This grand overthrow of a " sodger" to see; t hi was poor D. as he lay in the dust, ith his bicycle broken, and bumps on his " crust." ut seless'twas there his sad fate to bewail, t foesqite surrounded, he ne'er could prevail; Soe yielded as prisoner of his own free accord, And the jeers of his townsfolk his only reward. Jo-Knea, Lambeth. 2,-Where the battle rages high, And the bullets thickest fly ; Where the soldiers fall and die, First is found. 'Gaily sounds the huntsman's horn, On this bright September morn; On the air the warning's borne To my nest. My objectionable third From loud boasters you have heard, And have thought it most absurd, I'll be bound. C. F. BAnEta, Wood Green. DELETIONS. (Dropna etter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) S3-When I had asked your lovely hand, I did not think you could refuse me; Your heart I did not understand When I had asked your lovely hand; And now in accents mild and Iland You last you really could not choose me; When I had asked your lovely hand, I did not think you could refuse me. When ycu had gone so far away You did not think that I was weeping; I wondered at your long delay V, ben you bad gone so far away; I wept and waited all the day, And still a faithful watch was keeping; When you had gone so far away, You did not know that I was weeping. O tell me, tell me once again If you will ne'er from me be going; That gladness in my heart.may reign, O tell me, tell me once again, Now you will be like other men Who first at home when storms are blowing; 0 tell me, tell me once again If you will ne'or from me be going. IvANHOS, Belfast. &-A Yankeefirst travelled all over the world In search of the fabled "' horn spoon;" And as it was not to be found on the earth, He thought it mast be in the moon. But how to get there ? 'Twas a problem unsolved; However, he found a way soon, And next be felt certain infallible was- That is, to go there by balloon. He tool an explosive, and when a mile high He blew himself up to the moon, And when Luna shines, you the fellow may see Still bearing the wondrous " horn spoon." SuP safety's sake it is tied to his back, And, really, 'twould be a great boon If down hese the fellow could come and make known The wisdom he found on the spoon. W. KOHLER. 5,-From an Irish county a letter erase, And a Spanish title will meet your gaze; Repeat the process, and surely you'll find A preposition is then left behind. J. BI3RRELL, Belfast. META-OMEGRAIM. Chang e the firt and last letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-I believe the good old truth Nse'ats have snug and spoken- Friendships formed in days of youth Live and die unbroken; Therefore I this message send, Just to ask you truly If you'll let me be your friend, Gallant Sir John Cheulet ! Love and friendship I once heard, As they grow the older, Often, both in act and wuiord, Only grow the colder; But an ear I will not lend T'o such tales unruly, If yo.'l let me be your friend, vallant Sir John Chenlet I For 1 know in this last world Milsery is endless ; In deepair a body's hurled If a body's friendless; Therefore I this mnessiuse send, Do not treat it edolly, Iwnuld only be your friend, Gallant Sir John Cheulet I But I think that it is time I at lost was elo ing; For I'm writing out this rhyme When I should be d zing; So spou you I'll depend For an answer duly, Just to say you'll be my friend, Gallant Sir John Cheulet ! D)onorHzA GREY. NARRATIVE REVERSION. I4 ord whlah read backward Bs forms another word in the narrative.) 7.--An ensign in the cavalry Was a king " rather large " Of all the deeds he'd do in war, When he should h, ad a charge. "y boy, I fear you're rather raw," Our major then ,isd saiy; "I nevtr heard a n ouugster brag Who did not run away." I. CLsaRccOs. Aai orle r PALINDROMiE. r tich read backward or forwr s is still the same.) 8-An English -river in me ysou'l see, C iosed, I ween, of letters three; . .either way I'm still the same. iddlers, can you guess my name P SuVYER STONE.
OMLEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanced to form another word.) 9.-Look here, Sir John Cheulet, attend to me duly, And don't stare so muley, thou knight so unruly, But tell me, sir, truly, and proper, and coolly, Whatever you mean by such gammon. Yes, yes, sir, how dare you, you impudent bear, you P Ifirst I could snare you-oh, wouldn't I scare you ! I'd pinch you, and tear you, and pull out your hair, you Old son of a worm-eaten mammon I Why, pickle and stew me ! Sir John, if you knew me, For mercy you'd sue me; for when first passed to me, Your last verses threw me-in fact, sir, they blew me Up into a terrible passion I Though, Cogsbones and plunder I I could not but wonder Whetne'er I was under these transp. rts of thunder, Whate'er by this blunder and breaking asunder You mean, for it isn't the fashion. Oh, yes, you're to blame, sir, although your fun's tame, sir; Your act I declaim, sir, although how you came, sir, To pick out my name, sir, from all those of fame, sir, That in the "Tournament " travel, I can't understand, sir, for most of that band, sir, Write best in the land, sir. But, there, I feel grand, sir; My heart will.expand, sir; so give us your hand, sir, I'll leave you the thing to unravel. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. levine another word.) 10.-Sing on, sweet bird, let Nature's dulcet note Trill forth to charm the rhymer by thy cage; Send forth the living song within thy'throat- Sing on, and I will listen for an age. Though captive life has changed thy once sweet strain, Thou, an thou wilt, may warble unrebuffed; Oh, sing! and flood the room first sweet refrain, Sing swee- Why, hang the thing, the bird is stuffed I Mild, gentle dog, was thine the harrowing need To leave thy kennel and nocturnal feast Through cruel master ? Hard thy fate indeed, Oh, ascond-less dog- Let go my calf, ou boast! Or was't whilst pawing round some traveller's shin Thou upwards to the sky wast rudely cast P If kicks it was that furrowed thus thy skin, Then take some more-thou art too fair to last. J. KJINSEDT. ENIGMAS. 11.-Good morning, riddlers true; I make my bow Unto you all. My visit to you now Is short; come, show your great propensity For me by guessing my identity. I'm never still; I sparkle here and there; My shoulders yet have never known a care; In the eye of the cow that jumped over the moon I journeyed far hence, but came back very soon. When we land I rush oil with a cry to the south, For I see there a dog with his tail in his mouth. I seize on his steps, round and round fast he ran, And now you can see how that practice began; When exhausted he stops, I flutter my wings And fly to the poet, who dolefully sings Of hearts that are tender, of hopes grown too bold, And writes, " Wanted a tender-four breaking hearts sold I" On mischief intent, on the mad wind that whirls I ride, and divest an old nmaid of her curls I The boys from the school to the wig now give chase, And, laughing, restore the lost hair to its place. The schoolmaster, too, this sad sight would have seen, But compassion my heart stirred (I knew it was mean), I pulled off his specs. A grand idea that, For without them be's almost as blind as a bat. With a laugh I assist a small boy, who, with care, Is bending a pin to stand up on a chair; 'Then, having a strong invitation to call, I go in mny carriage to Lady B.'s ball; Here so gaily I dance, and so wildly I play, That old Sorrow and Dull Care are driven away. My adventures are many; full many a page Could I write of my doings when flirting's the rage ; I know you would read them, but I'll be content If you'll welcome me now to your " Tournament." S, MILLS, Birmingham. 12.--I'm made of silver and of gold, I'm very young and very old; I form for wines a temporary home, Both ale and beer within me foam; The fairest ladies, much I reek, Have firmly clutched me by the neck, And merry.makers have upraised Myself in jest, with drink debased. I'm made of glass, of wood and stone, If not my form, my fame has grown; Quaint forms and figures oft adorn My person, happy and forlorn. In this e'er-open mouth of mine Have passed the choicest juice and wine; When old I grow, in worth I rise, For rarities some people prize. J. LeIG H ND V. D. TArrLo. 13,-We can travel through illimitable space, We can visit lands to where we've never been before; Yea, my primal undeniably can bring us face to face With people we have never even seen before. We can reign as knight or monarch as we please,' We can live a thousand lives both sad and humorous; And o'er and o'er again, as a blessing or a bane, They come to us in varied forms and numerous. They may soothe us in our grief, and prove consolable, Or perchance when we are glad, they may make our spirits sad; But whatdver shape they be they a puzzle are to me; In the broad, bright light of day we can rule them as we may, But at night-time they are really uncontrollable. MARIoN TAYLOR, Birkenhead, 14.-Sometimes it comes gently, Sometimes it comes strong; Sometimes it soon goes away, Sometimes stays for long. Sometimes raging furiously, Sometimes quite refreshing; Sometimes quite annuoiug, And sometimes a blessing. G. BucHAbAN, 15,-I'm trying harder every day To gain my usual fame; Fraum France I always used to sail, And bore my foreign name. But now I'm stopped, to sail no more ' Across the Channel blue; At home I stop because I can't My usual fame renew, G. W. HAYmAN. 16.-Saving and cheerless Are his ways; Grumbling over the Bills he pays. Al ways grabbing for £ s.d. Spcds but little- What is he a? H. CARTER, 17.--1'm used by the king. and I'm used by the fly, Without me everything on earth would soon die; Far down in the valleys I'm sure to be found, And on tlrehighlest mountains I do abound; I'm found in the mansion, also in.the cot, All over the world with euae am I goat .T Y ...W Dublin. 18.,-How they muke us mortals shriek, When duwn upon their nest' We unconsciously do sit, Anud rouse them from their res t! G. W, IHALL, Warrington,
NARRATIVE TRINOGRAM. (Change the third letter of a word to form another word in the narratlive. nly words composed of six letters and upwards are eliglible.) 19.-'Twas in No. 844, sirs, Now three months ago, or more, sirs. That, while looking o'er the "Tourney," I chanced to see a con. By, I thought, some senorita, As 'twas signed " L. Incognita," Who boldly challenged any one her name to light upon. And, in truth, 'twas near successful In its aim. I grew distressful As time passed quickly onwards, and solutions none were brought ; But at last I've been rewarded, Though for all that time retarded, For in No. 856 I discovered what I'd sought. However, I seek no merit, And, indeed. I should prefer it If 'twere given to our Ed., who, in No. 856, In answering Miss A. Royston, So replied, that I rejoiced on Looking o'er it. He'd unwittingly helped me from a fix. But, alas! I'm perhaps mistaken, For my wits were sadly shaken In trying to find an answer to that most puzzling strain, If I have then you offended. I have dot 'e what's not intended. And I therefore her Miss Royston, you'll pardon this "e ,~ D. Monas, Glasgow. METAGRAMS. (Chance the first letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-Sarah, first idol of my soul, To thee my fond heart flies; Come back, my love, my life, my goal, And still my weary sighs. For, oh, now you have less our door, With grief we hang our heads; For who will scrub the kitchen floor, And who will make the beds? Therefore to thee, my queen, my goal, My true heart fondly clings; The fire of my impsassioned soul Is fanned by Cupid's wings. Come back, for down my open brow The las of anguish flows; For who will cook the dinners now, And who will wash the clothes. I cannot think you've gone for aye- Oh, say it is not so; For, oh, I sit alne to-day, And ponder o'er my woe. Come back, come back I My heart is torn, My love-my life's desire; For how can I rise in the morn And light the kitchen fire I FooootLICAN. 21.-Oh, charming /rst, of sdeond I greatly fear To thid with thee my fourth will never let me; Again that fellow whom I fifth is here- Just now beyond the sixth he met me. Yes, on this very seventh his eighth I've seen, At rapid ninth to your sweet prelence hasting; My vengeance now I'll tenth-I say, and mean, I'm bent on action-no time wasting. K. BLOU&T, Reading. 22.-My first is grown in distant lands, And finds bard work for many hands; 'Tie brought across my second here, And is a substitute for beer. F. W. SCOTT, Hlarpurhey. 23.-My first stands for father; My Second for boy; And my third is a word The reverse of joy. F. MSon~aY. ROTATION CHANGE. (Chance thelettera of a word in succassion to form other words.) 21.-Good riddlers all, both great and small, In first you'll see a feature, Which I maintain is mostly plain In every human creature. It is a part affects the h-art With curious palpitations' In cases where it may be fair In your imaginations. You cannot fail in next to hail A thing that's loved intensely By stately dames of noble names, Who value it immensely. Now bring to light a little fright Of very srnall dimensions; And number three you then shall see, In spite of all contentions. What makes cement will this present To all who may perceive it; A useful thing to peer and king, Although you mayu't believe it. And it is true in last you'll view What means to tear asunder; So mind your eye, and now good-bye, And do not make a blunder. PucK, Ballymena. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, Iaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 25.-Ye knights and ladies fair and sweet, come, list awhile to me, For I, au aged d:me, with younger folks cannot agree I One fault do I possess, and visit it ou. large and small : This fault, brave kinights and dames, is that I wish to wed you all I- Of course, not marry you myself, but match you off in pairs, To love each other and to share in matrimonial cares. So, taking silence for consent, I'll tell you who should be Joined to each other (till they fight, and then-don'ti say it's me!). Queen Marion should be wedded to that clever Ivanhoe; And blushing Marie Zimmermaun to Franklin, don't you know; Bright, merry Edith Rendle to Sir Royston (hero bold !); While Queenie should have Patrick S. (if he isn't much too old). Alas ! no more are left to pair, and tll that I can say Is, when you follow my advice, I'll give the lot away. NELLIE WATsON, Cheshunt, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ 26.-Familiar names I often miss As I'm looking through next "T." ; My namesakes. Mtgge Helena, And Diana R. O'D. Jennie Arthur and Eveline Far too long have stayed away; K it;e Royston and dear Rsa B. Recurn, for first comieg may Bring back the (k)nights that ruled the " T." In the dates of long ago. So listen to the pleadings of Incognita and her beau. Azr DENNY, Dublin. 27.-A boy's name now for first please take, Then if you it behead, My second, younwill then perceive, Is part of you instead. W. LEwis, Irosrille,
ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other worduJ Foundation Words. 28.--Warrior king, I see thee rise Stern, and clear, and cold before me; At thy feet the Margrave lies, Philip salaams low before thee. Ponderous the shining blade In thy mailed hand lightly resting; And a trembling sunbeamr strayed Lies upou thy helmet cresting. Noblest of thy race and name, Though the ghosts -.f ages sever, Still we raise the glad refrain- Honoured be thy name for ever I Cross Words. Sweet are the perfumes wasted by the breeze From this small island in the southern seas. When you have found its name, recall to mind The work immortal of a poet blind. At this great battle, sad it is to tell, The brave, the wise; the great De Montfort fell. A certain name, once given to the north Of troubled Ireland, brings to view my fourth. Last of the Tribunes, though severe thy fall, Thou wort the noblest Roman of them all. A Russian river with a Spanish name; Its length a thousand miles, its windings tame, She kneels all tremblinwly before his throne. Her people's lives in danger, and her own. A town beleaguered in my eighth you'll see, Relieved by Havelock in the mutiny. They held Peru before the Spanish came, Worshipped the sun, and trembled at his name. A knight celestial by this sign you'll know; Three shining stars in his broad belt do glow. An Eastern river, by our troops known well ; For sad mishaps upon its bauks befell. Ix-Ez. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the fllrs and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 29.-" Ah, ah I" cried Boreas, with a grin, " No primal will I show them ; But with my mighty gusts and gales To kingdom come I'll blow them." First Word. When the forest trees are leafy, When the flower its bloom's regaining, Then we hail sweet livst's arrival; Sweetest of the months is reigning. Second Word. In olden times this branch was used By mourners of the men who bled And lost their lives in battles fierce- Emblem of mourning for the dead. V. D. TAYLOr, Warrington. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed tu the nrl'ratlve 30.-What this smell riddle is about, I'll tell you in my next; The way I always find them out, I'll tell you in my next; I sit and ponder each one o'er, And scratch my head till it is sore, And- Well, as I have said before, I'll tell you in my next I The way I pose my Sunday tile, I'll tell you in my next; And why the folks at me do smile, I'll tell you in my next; The youngsters I meet every day, They shout aloud, then run away; But what they all do really say, I'll tell you in my next. The way I "treat the female class" I'll tell you in my next; And if I'm captured by a lass I'll tell you in my next; You know I like the little dears, With all their smiles, and whims, and sneers; But, there, perhaps it may be years Before you see my next! J. G. NICHOLLs, Miltou. PRE CE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last laetter but one of a word to form another wcrd., 31.-'Twas three weeks ago, one bitter cold night, Chillily, my lads, ye-ho I The Editor sat in a pitiable plight, For the number of cons. appalled him quite, Gloomily, my lads, ye-ho I There were Coulson, Gow, and the gay Adeock. And Royston, whose puns were a terrible shock, And to make matters worse, it was twelve o'clock; Burning the midnighlt oil. Oh, how his blood did boil I " When to me they bring their first on spring, Tq the W. P. B. they all go With a mighty sweep in a great big h,-ap- Oh, what an awful woe I" With a sinking heart, he reached another pile, Mournfully, ye riddlers. ho ! And commenced to read, when, lo ! there dawned:a smile On his face, as he reached for the riddlers' file, Testily, ye riddlers, ho I For the ladies whose riddles the Ed. loves so well, Queen Marion, Kate RI yston, and Mario Bonnell, Caused his risille faculties greatly to swell; Oh, how our Ed. did smile I How those riddles the hours beguile Till he dropped asleep on that great big heap, Dreaming. of riddledom, ho 1 And awoke with a start, and a joyous heart, Cherrily, ye second, ho, ho I A. BUTLER, Birmingham.