LDDLE TOURINAIMENT.
S(Change ithe frst letter of a word to form another Word.) 1,-When the sun sought rest In the crimson west, And the first winds whisper low, When the sky was bright With an amber light On an evening long ago, I listened long To the ocean's song With a heart, oh, as sad as could be; For a ship sailed away On the following day With a laddie far over the sea. Oh, the sun gleams high In the midday sky, And the western breezes blow, And the wavelets wash With a ceaseless plash On the white cliffs just below; And I stand once more On the shingled shore With a heart, oh, as next as can be, As I watch without fail For the last of a sail, And a laddie from over the sea. MARION TAYLoR, Birkenhead.. 2.-Rhyme, you're a rascal l s a poor would.be poet, I'm longing to tell How I strove after Fame, and was always at fault; ow I rode on my hobby and thought I rode well, Till you, like a turnpike-man, soon made me halt, nd told me, in tones that I've now learned to fear, That you thought I had best bring my work to a close; ad I jumped from my steed (and it cost me a tear, Though the hack had a rest), and descended to prose. o be friends with you, Rhyme, sir, requires all my tact, From my first I am tempted to push you and shove you; Ut somehow I next, notwithstanding the fact, Oh, Rhyme, you young rascal, I love you, I love you. Oh, Rhyme I Rhyme I Rhyme l Rhyme, you're a tyrantl 'hen weary I grew with long striving in vain To win the first place in the " Tournament " lists; hen indolence fettered my mind with a chain (Of roses, folks say, though it gave me some twists hen vigour returned and dragged me from its clutch), "Thoughts of business alonein my mind shall have sway, cried, and " dropped" pleasure, yet longed for it much. I felt that I never again would be gay. hen you, Rhyme, you tyrant, called on me to write, And soon I was striving a tribute to pay you. ewas not the first time I had tested your might: You had but to call and I ran to obey you. Oh, Rhyme I Rhyme I Rhyme ! G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. 3.-What is love, that all the world Talk so much about it ? What is love, that neither you Nor I can do without it ? Love's a tyrant and a slave- A torment and a treasure; Having it, we have no peace- Wanting it, no pleasure. First I shun it if I last, Since T needs must doubt it ? No; I'd rather bear its pain Than live my life without it, DAIsY DI. 4.,-A mighty man my first is reckoned; I wonder does he ever second, And wish his style and grandeur vanished, And third his cares will soon be banished- Those cares of which he has his fill? he Must fo~rth with them, willy-nilly. Better if he were some poor friar Who after nothing doth aspire, But who in quiet goes his round, Who with a fifth his robe has bound. Better if such had been his fate; But, no, he wishes to be great. DIANA R. O'D. -3Iy first is the starting-post, I have heard say, And often the winning one when we're at play; But change my first's head. and then you'll behold What is useful in winter-time when it is cold; And though we may prize it, we soon on it turn, And consign it at once to the fire-grate to burn. So as I've now made out my first and next plain, 'Tis ea-y to answer, I think you'll maintain ; But a third change I'll take, and maybe you'll then find That an animal's baby is brought to your mind. J. TRIenEY. 6.-Love, do you forget the summer, " When our hearts were young and true; When the first, sweet zephyrs listened To the vows I made to you ? When we wandered hand in hand, love, 'Midthe pastures one fair morn, And your words were "Next " and " Stupid," For I trod upon your corn I T. P. COWLING, London, LOGOGRIPH. Sr1 twhich may be treated as a metnagram deeapitation, del, tilnaand transposition, hut leaves a PerfeOt.word after each opelrs,tion.) 7.-My firsat a sounr fruit will be; Transpose, another fruit you'll see, Which is so very sweet; The central letter please strike out, Transpose, and then without a doubt A warning you will greet. Reverse, a word will come to view Which, if you want the answer to, Is simply no one; Curtail, reverse, and you will find A portion large of human kind; And now I'm sure you're glad to find This con. is now done. CA IRA. HIDDEN NEWSPAPERS. F.-Aftcr the rest I messed my clothes, But pa called me in and pulled my nose. I sent her my best and ardent love, Not by the postman, but by her dove. Oh, ncamma, I let the fat pig out, And then he tried to bite with his snout, Have you seen her, Aldworth dear? She's very sick, I greatly fear. What, dear Bob ? Servo Rignold right ? Will you say that? Now, do not fight. I'll not let ruthless ruffians come To rob us of our house and home. Beauclere, our tea is ready now; If you don't come in, there'll be a row. EN IGLIA. P.-Very light; Good for sightj taunds up straight; - iFe sit to eightl. - Q. W, armw.
SCENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-Oh! leave your cosy fireside and pleasant cheery room, And come awhile with me-a little while with me- Into the outer regions of mystery and gloom, Where strange sights you shall see-a world of wonders see. The air is dense and murky, the skies are mantled deep, The night is full of fear-of wide.eyed, shadowy fear; The stars have ceased to struggle, and now are sunk in sleep, And first shapes leap the weir-the dank, the darkling weir. And this, it is the prospect I gazed upon at morn, When life was holiday-a gauze-winged holiday, When night, with all her terrors and doubts, was yet unborn, And light illumed the way-shone clear on all the way. The weirfall danced and chattered, a sparkling fairy child, Sweet song-chords thrilled the bowers-the fragrant brambled bowers, The countless starry blossoms towards their life-spring smiled, And earth was bright with flowers-with sun, and song, and flowers. But now the birds are voiceless within the night-locked glen, The flowers are hueless there-unseen and viewless there; The minster spires that pointed to heaven the souls of men, Now lower through the air-press earthward through the air. Ah, well we'll leave this region of vast, depressing gloom, And sit within the light-and second more the light That sheds a radiant blessing throughout your cosy room, Forgetful of the night-safe harboured from the night. It is not well to linger and dwell on midnight themes, But seeing this, you'll know-you'll understand and know- Why life, for all its flow'rs, to a countless many seems A heritage of woe-of overshadowing woe. You've marvelled oft and deeply that many there should be To whom this world is drear-so sun-devoid and drear, Yet what if you were destined life's pleasant sights to see Through shrouded atmosphere-a night-palled atmo- sphere P Anm BOEHMEE. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 11.-A dying soldier lay upon the field- His gturdy arm no more would weapons wield; Pale were his cheeks, end from his wounded side There flowed in tiny drops the crimson tide. Alone he lay, with no kind-hearted friend To lave his wounds, or on his wants attend. Soon thoughts of home arose within his mind, And once again he saw those faces kind Which clustered round the cheerful, ruddy fire To list to tales told by the grey-haired sire. Once more he gambolled with his schoolmates gay, Or tossed is meadows sweet the new.mown hay; Again his Annie leant upon his arm, While from her lips he stole sweet kisses warm. He seemed to hear her voice rise rich and full In some wild burst of song as flowers she'd cull; Oh, how she wept upon that parting day, And kissed him oft and begged of him to stay! No more, alas I would he those sweet tones hear, No more kind words would fall upon his ear; 'Twas very true, for long ere break of day, His soul had fled and left the senseless clay. J. BODEN, Glasgow. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word. 12.-Sing, dear, again, but not the song That you have sung so last before; Oh, how I with impatience long For singing that is not a bore I But sing me something fresh and new, That is not sung by every one; For I am sick of "Are you true P" And I will thank you when you've done. Sing, dear, again, but do not raise Your voice in such a piercing screech ; You've been at it for days and days, And you to stop it I beseech. Pray, when you are about to sing, Do it in first and soothing tones- Not in the voice so shrill that brings From out the list'ner tears and groans. IvanoE, Belfast. 13.-'Tis sorry first to look with mocking eyes Upon the poor because you see them poor; Bethink you, some are noble, and endure The hardest straits that fortune can devise, Yet sink not 'neath the burden of their toil, But still have souls in poverty that rise Superior to fate. There often lies A jewel underneath the common soil That wealth can never make, nor want can spoil. Wealth cannot purchase wisdom, though it buys The great mechanic knowledge of the schools; And surely next were better to be wise And starve in rags than walk in faultless guise, Proud to be one of many well-fed fools I A. ST. J. ADCOCr, 14.-Perhaps you've all heard first old Yankee tale, When the Unionest troops so fine Went marching along a Maryland town, How a straggler from out of the line Ran to a baker's, and on coming out, Paddy saw him, and cried out aloud, " Liftinant, liftinant! there goes a man With loaf on next bayonet. The crowd Follow him." "Ah, yes," said the old leader, " The staff of life's on the point of death ! The men in trying to obtain their point Will likely reach it and lose their breath." C. DRENON, Broughty Ferry. 15.-Toni played my whole; 'twas loud and shrill-- It in ade his fellow.lodgers ill I But as the notes in grandeur (P) rolled, Their spirits rose-the men grew bold. And as he played at furious rate, One Jones did it decapitate I Great, then, their angry wonder grew- Headless, it played sweet music too l And stood revealed to all men's gaze An instrument of ancient days. A. J. DICKsON, BOOeetle. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 16.-My first is in lock, but not in key; My second is in Thames, but not in Lee; M y third is in grain, but not in seed; My fourth is in riches, but not in need; My fit t is in list, but not in roll; My siGth is in spirit, but not in soul My seventh is in Emily, but not in Nell My eighth is in landscape, but not in dell MIy ninth; is in prison, but not in cell; lIy tenth is in land, but not in sea My elventh is in sugar, but not in men M y twelfth Is in day, but not in (ight1 - 0" I - heoIE Sa made us all quite blrigh .
PALINDROMES. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 17.-Rob Macgregor, of Auchterkon, Was the hero of all his men, For he danced and he fought As a Highlandman ought, And was loved throughout all the glen. An impudent fellow once came, Who had heard of Rob's dancing fame, And was anxious to see If Macgregor could be Quite entitled to such a name. Rob could never his patience bring To give ear to a worthless thing; So he collared the bore, Threw him out of the door, And said, "That is the Highland fling ."' Quite confused whole the stranger feel, But his feelings I'll not reveal When he heard the chief say, As he staggered away, " You are doing a fine Scotch reel! " He escaped with his life by chance, And he gave not a backward glance, When Macgregor did cry, With a humour so dry, "Did you find that a grand sword dance?" (sore dance). PHILO, Dundee. 18.-Now, riddlers witty, I relate to a city, And am a word of letters five; When turned around, The same is found, So now to solve me do contrive. E. LEIDHOLD. 19.-A boy's name please call to mind; Reverse, and the same you'll find. BLACK EAGLE. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word. ex- pressed In the narrative.) 20.-Some days are bright and sunny, And some are bleak with rain; Some lives are crowned with pleasure, And some are filled with pain. For some the world is rosy, For others sad and glum; But all who'd know contentment Should take things as they come. You know Dame Fortune's fickle, And oft withdraws her smile, And things to suit our fancy Won't fashion all the while. The best of puddings only Has here and there a plum Then look upon the bright side, And take things as they come. Depend this world is sunny, If we the sun would see; Then take things as they're going, And not as they should be. We ever may be happy, And joy will hop and hum Around us, if we only Will take things as they come. J. A. BALL, Burtonwood. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meanin,. but the Hsone in sound.) 21.-A stream danced on in merry glee Adown the leafy first; And golden flowers its low banks crowned, And birds flung melody around To greet the beams that burst With smiling glances through the screen Of tangled bush and tree; And as upon its way it sped, Glist'ning on a violet's head, A dewdrop chanced to be. The brooklet paused to mark the sight, And thus the pearl addressed: " Oh, dewdrop, brighter far art thou Than gems that deck the kingly brow, Or gleam from lady's crest. " For though but lowly is thy mien, Yet with delight I see That e'en a dewy tear can bear Of Nature's task its humble share, And beautiful still be." "Ah, purling streamlet, bright and free," The dewdrop sadly said, "' Most transient is my humble lot- I vanish and exisceth not, Whilst thou the sea shall wed." " Sweet glist'ning dewdrop," spoke the brook, " Let not thy spirit last; For everything upon this earth Has helped, by giving all its worth, To make this world so vast. "As long as we perform the task . For which each one is sent, We please Him who has made us so, No matter be we high or low." The dewdrop was content. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRn. 22.-Old Neptune sat upon a wave, And stroked a mermaid's tresses; The mermaids crowded round their king, And on him showered caresses. " Oh, father dear," they cried aloud, " We pray you, do not tarry; Fetch quick some darling sailors here, For, lo we fain would marry I We do not want to be old maids, And lonely in the sea sport; No I each of us would have a dear, A manly, earthly consort I" "And so," he cried, "you fain would dwell In matrimony's bower ? Well, well, I'll bring some sailors here: The sea shall be your dower." And then he blew a mighty blast Across the first of water, Which wrecked a goodly merchant ship, And by the next he caught her. He dragged her down beneath the waves- The sight the captain saddened- Each mermaid caught a sailor bold, And all their hearts were gladdened. They soon were wed, and feasted long, And as the sailors were men, Old Neptune changed them in a trice To taily, scaly mermen. And still they ride upon the waves, And therefore still are sailors; And though but one a tailor was, Now all are ocean tailers. W. KOmLER. 23.,-No first of commerce bring I here, No trade I nimean to do' I come to see youn; but, I fear, No thanks I'll get from you. I cannot, like some riddling ones, Appear here every week; No less than paper by the ton From stationers they seek. Tut never mind, I hope to rise To their high 'tTourney" heightr r So on my face I'll last a smilo, Ak seanis of annl T writs, od~ o ~I Qwrm, ~eBbayb~h,
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 24.-Ye firsts and gallants gay, Pray listen to my lay, Though you really do not seem to care or trouble much ; Why is a Holland pair Like this riddle P-had you there. Why, the obvious answer is, because they're double Dutch. Though I'm oft put on the shelf, I can't be next of delf, For it's plainly seen I'm more for use than ornament; So I take my lance again, Oft tried and trusty pen, And try a joust in our old " Riddle Tournament." If this con. should prove a bore, It will augur well for more, Though it isn't my intention now to " diddle" you; If you can't solve this one, Then a double-barrelled gun Is the only thing that I can see to riddle you. ROBERT LE DIABLE. 25.-W e welcome thee, O Winter, the time when joy and mirth I s in the heart of many on this snowy-mantled earth; N ow will we sing thy praises, now the summer days have fled, T hough we thought not of thy coming till the leaves grew seared and red. E ach season brings its beauties, first in God's own good time; R ecognize we thine, O Winter, in the snow, the ice, and rime. T hat the bright side of the picture is; the other side is seen I n the peasant's cheerless cottage when work so scarce has been. M an often may be willing to earn his daily bread, E 'en though his heart may last when Hope's pitying voice is dead. F. PHILLIPS. SHAKESPEARIAN CHARADE. 26.-My primal's one of brothers five, all friends beyond a doubt, Who dwell in sweetest harmony, and can't be done without. My final may be of great worth, or maybe common ore; 'Tie found above, below the earth,by mount, and stream, and shore. My total was in forest wed to matron of his heart; And though he wore the cap and bells, much wisdom could impart. C. P. MITCHELL. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable or which is ai wore .1 27.-My first four letters as they stand would signify a cad, Or what some folks would call a snob, which really is as bad; From two to five inclusive bring a famous man to light, Who led a great rebellion and was foremost in the fight. The last four, token also as a word just as it lies, Would represent a sign or term, which means a certain size. My whole's a school of learning-science, art, and music too; And now I've told you nearly all-the answer's left for you. P'ELuHAM. 28.-A single letter is my first- A useful part of speech; And if you next a uman, I fear The gallows you will reach. Most lazy men are fond of third; My whole is known to you- A hero great who fought at Troy; Priam's great son he slew. I. CLEARcIOS. 29.-A first is oft worn next the head, By boys, and girls as well; My whole a bird will surely name, If you the answer tell. ANNIE SurTH, Gresley. DOUBLE ARITHMIOREM. (An norostil. The letters of cross words th it are Itoman numerals expressed in figuresJ Foundation Words. 30.-As the last sank upon the ground, I heard him cry, " My first of bitterness is full, and here I die." Cross Words. 1,150 and a Means quiet or tranquillity. 50 ,, anu Is a bone in your body. 51 ,, nap Is the reverse of beauty. W. A. LANGSTON. CONUNDRUM. 31.-Come, knights and ladies brave and bold, This little riddle please unfold: Why are Young Folks riddlers and its Ed. Like the eyes in a lady's head? NoRAI M. TWOMEY, Cork. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. Thelettors of cross words that are ILoman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 32.-The initials form the name of a well.known com. poser. Cross Words. 1,001 and aergar A common ceremony. 210 ,, tenee What we all should like to be. 1,051 ,, ben A word that means sharp. 600 ,, taesph To send away hastily. 1,001 ,, eatgre To remove to another place. 50 ,, oose A word for slack. 1,000 ,, noass Name of a strong man. 55 ,, eceeo A part of your dress. 1,051 ,, ycop A part of Yorung Folks. 1,000 ,, noahs A common vehicle. 6 ,, raotang A kind of sailor. THE BEGINNER. SQUARE WORDS. 33.-My first is the farthest extent; An animal nezt brings to mind; O'er third many pounds have been spent' And fourth means time past, you will finud. R. RorsmIor.