RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form a.nother word.)
1.-My dear Mr. Ed., when a youth becomes noted For rare ingenuity, wisdom, and wit, And where a unanimous verdict has voted Him clever, he properly feels just a bit Of what I call pride, but what some folks call vanity- Some folks who envy that clever one's fame; And I a suggestion would make with urbanity, Hoping you'll kindly attend to the same- 'Tis merely put forth in the cause of humanity. The youth I've alluded to shines in these pages Among other writers like moon among stars, For every riddle he writes quite the rage is, And brings for him scores of laudatory pars. For every first at his humour's astounded; He writes a sad ballad, and all Young Folks weep; His verses and lines are most prettily rounded; He flies up Fame's ladder, while others but creep, In short, my dear Ed., thatyouth's power's unbounded. Now I would propose, my dear Ed., that this writer, So talented, witty, discerning, and keen, Be given some token of our great delight-er- You know, sir, the sort of affair that I mean. A bust is the least thing that you could present him. A Belt? Oh, dear, no; that's a fighting man's prize. Some better, far second reward should be sent him- We couldn't give too much to one who's so wise ('Tis not Pericles, if you thought that I meant him). His name P? Well, I couldn't give that information, I'm really too modest and not a bit vain. No ! Five thousand horses, the rack, and starvation Would not drag it from me, nor make me explain. I might give a clue, though: He lives not at Harwich, Or Yorkshire, or Worcester, or Glasgow, or Dover, Nor has he yet entered the sweet state of marriage. There I Now you should quickly his nomen discover (N.B.--When the bust is sent, please pay the carriage). BARNETT DE BEAR. 2.-The summer, oh, the summer Is the merriest time of all, When flowers and foliage bloom so bright Before the leaflets fall; When woods and fields are ringing With the birds so sweetly singing, And the pleasant sunshine bringing To the earth its warmth and light. To sit in some sequestered first Beneath a spreading cree, And watch the glorious rural scene That stretches to the sea- That's how I love spending A summer's eve, while lending To-day's most glorious ending, G~ows the sunset's fiery sheen. Other seasons have their charms, That please us while they stay; Winter's snow and frozen streams, And autumn's harvest gay Spring's bright sunshine, chased by showers, Seems to wake up all the flowers; But oft an ominous dark cloud lowers, And soon dispels our sanguine dreams. Alas I our summer now has flown, It cannot next for ever; But left are mem'ries sweet-a strain That naught from me shall sever. And though the seasons all must fade, And bright sunkeams no more invade Moss-grown dell and sylvan glade, They'll all appear in turn again. AnY BOEHMER, Shorncliffe. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 3.-Don't make a noise, you naughty boy, Or first about like that; You really always will annoy- Don't chase poor pussy cat I Both George and William can be good, Not naughty, or unkind- That is, please be it understood, If they are so inclined. Now George and William look aghast, They think I'm going to scold; But soon, instead, of sweets a last Their little hands will hold. LornE W., Brighton. 4.-We stand a-row, and march and march away, Like Mulligan guards, or an awkward squad; Like Volunteers out on a sham fight day, Treading the " land that their fathers have trod." When they make themselves smart in scarlet and grey, And don't object to a pretty long plod; And we "shoulder" ourarms, " present," at" attention," With other manceuvres too many to mention. The things that I view are joyous and good- Too good, it would seem, for man as he is; For the scenes are blessed in their solitude, And breathe of naught else but a perfect bliss. Yet are the beauties of Nature so rude That make the calm Mlace so lovely as this, That man will despise it, and turn from its beauty Because science and fashion call him to duty. I don't think a poultice a very nice thing When slapp'd on my neck when it's burning with heat ; I have but a small inclination to sing, When my mother performs that wonderful feat. And a set of quadrilles, or a Highland fling Is out of the question when I chance to meet That sort of treatment of which I am speaking, When a cold I have caught without any seeking. A. H. SCALES. 5.-A weary man sat first to rest Beside a purling brook; Said he, " This bread to next I'm glad," Which from his bag he took. D. Scorr. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-Of all the sad firsts I e'er knew, A. Booper's by far the most sad; His countenance wears that expression termed " blue," Although such a pale-looking lad I With a fondness for scribbling, he writes On politics, warfare, or love; But--this is his grievance-whate'er he indites A success most unbonuded will prove. This mark of his genius and skill At first filled his bosom with joy; But soon-as a surfeit of all good things will- His success began sadly to cloy. Still he wrote in the hope-ah, how vain I- That a failure his life would soon bless; But" hit " seconds" hit," and he sees, with much pain, That he's fated for naught but success1 In this story a moral is shown Which may edify many folks here; Do not try to improve; your misfortunes bemoan; Vote life a "bleak desert and drear; Do not study bards famous and great; And strive to learn nothing-or less; Do all this, and-oh, blissful, desirable fate I- You will never be plagued with success I G. TRoY. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross w-rdsthat are Roman numerals expressed In egures.) Foundation Word. 7.-Yon who may read this little con. Will find 'tis but a simple one, In primals, if on solving bent, You'll trace a garden implement. Cross Words. 100 and wasow He comes in the spring; 50 ,, tape Belongs to a flower; 701 ,, neat An unlooked.for thing; 601 ,, etr To exercise power; 61 ,, pote A smart, clever feat. My riddle's complete. S. W. HATEs, Worcester.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same In sound.) 8.-In my first fierce fires were burning, Every virtuous effort spurning; To my constant prayers and pleading Heaven seemed to give no heeding; Yet at last my woes were banished, And each foe to freedom vanished. Wondrous first, now softly beating, I can feel thee slow repeating Greater, purer expectations, Higher, nobler aspirations. From your depths a message winging Fills the air with quiet singing, And my soothed and softened senses Revel in its sweet cadences. All your former fierce desires Flee before the purer fires; All the wrongs 'gainst which I sued Now are finally subdued. When the huntsman's horn is sounding, Second through the wood goes bounding. His soft eyes, with terror lightened, Fill with anguish, fearful, frightened. Songsters cease awhile their ditty, Gazing down with speechless pity. On he fleeth, never staying' Fills the air with hounds' deep baying; His poor breast with anguish rending, All the speed of terror lending. On, through flowery meads and meadows; On, through leafy woodland shadows; Making swift and sudden sallies Through the verdant vales and valleys, Till at last, with drooping head. Falls he on the greensward, dead. HORACE W., Brighten. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foundation Word. 9.-A bloody day, a woeful field, When warrior Yorkists forc'd to yield Their shattered rose to Richmond's reign, Commenc'd 'midst earls and vassals slain. Proud rose, thy spotless beauty's fled, Thy leaves are torn, thy petals dead; Plucked from thy steni and hurl'd aside. The Red Rose dons thy ancient pride I No more a warrior host shall clasp Thyself as emblem-ruder grasp Shall clutch thee now. Thy sun has set, Thy spotless form with blood is wet; And York no more shall raise thy form To meet Lancastrian battle storm. Cross Words. This battle is fair Scotia's boast; 'Twas gain'd o'er second Edward's host. A queen the English sceptre swayed, And here her general conquest made. A Stuart king-rebellion fann'd- And victory gain'd o'er Monmouth's band. A king dethroned-laws set at naught; Here sire and son in combat fought. A town in France besieged and lost By England's once unconquered host. Duke Marlborough here a victory won O'er slaughtered sire and slaughtered son. Here Henry's bravest warriors tried To conquer York, but, fighting, died. Brave Harold here th' invaders met, And Saxon's sun for ever set. AGRIPPA. METAGRAMI. (Chango the first letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-'Twas really t oo first to be left in that house all alone, A gloomy old building, reported by folks to be haunted; What if I had boasted, if ghosts came, I still would be shown Quite undaunted I And as I sat there by the fire, in a next, pensive mood, Yet meaning to show all my friends great defiance, a feeling Of awe uncontrollable came through the deep solitude O'er me stealing. And, hark ! what was that noise I heard ? 'Twas a step on the stair I Oh, then of my boast I sincerely repented with sorrow: The cold perspiration rolled down my white face, and my hair Rose with horror. For, lo! the door opened, and in came a figure all white, The horrible sight in my mem'ry will ever he painted; My tongue seemed to cleave to the roof of my mouth with the fright, And I fainted. And when I recovered I found I was lain on my bed, My brothers and sisters all anxiously gathered around me; And from their low whisperings I gleaned 'twas my big brother Fred Who third found me. 'Twas also that roguish fourth Harry who'd acted the ghost, Determined my courage to prove, to the Grange had allured me; But not since that day of my nerves have I ventured to boast, For it cured me. MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 11.-The lakes and the ponds are all frozen, And curlers and skaters, in glee, Find pow'r in the sports they have chosen To make their limbs nimble and free. Observe with what primal the skater Glides over the smooth polish'd lust; It seems to the silent spectator As next 'twere a flash flying past. So easy, so graceful in motion, No effort it e'er seems to cost, No total, or new.fangled notion, But only two skates and some frost. P KILO. CURTAILMENT. tDrop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 12.-A vegetable first, you'll find; By cutting off the tail, A member of the insect kind You'll see, if you don't fail. ROTUNDUs. CONUNDRUM. 13.-A trader in business a gain hopes to make, And ofttimes we find that too much he will takel But this is my question: Pray, why is that gain (To put it too easy I scarce can refrain) A representation of one who can tell Of things yet to happen for evil or well? That ends my conundrum, and if you will try. You'll soon find an answer to that little why. H. R. PRESTON. Kenningtonl. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 14.-So we must first for aye, my love ? 'Twas but a next, your smile- A next to snarea loving heart, For now I've learned your guile. GOOSEQUn.LLE, Wandsworth.