RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAMS.
IChanne the second letter of a word to form another word.) L-As I sat sighing o'er a faithless love- A withered rose, which died with afternoon- Sorrow around, and gloomy skies above, Lo! in the air I heard a glorious tune- A strain which said Hope should not die in June- Sweet as a fairy harp's celestial number; And in my heart of hearts I felt full soon A truer, purer love awake from slumber, liidding dull care depart, nor more my soul encumber I Two earnest eyes, within whose depths I read Such passion as abideth unto death, Gazed into mine, and ev'ry heartache fled. Once more my primal was alive with faith; All trustful, once again I wove love's wreath; I intertwined hope's lilies with faith's roses, Hearing his ardent vows with bated breath. Who dares say love, once checked, for aye reposes P New love throbbed into life in the soft simmer closes ! No more I sigh, for summer time is fair, Beautified by the radiauce of love; The sun's light borrowed is from my heart, where Such light exists as doth all clouds remove Of bitterness, or aught which bane can prove ) There is a sound of music in the river Which wildly leaps to kiss the sky above; Voices there be in the green leaves that quiver, And in my heart of hearts, which sing of love for ever I What though dull shadows in the eventide Pass o'er the spot where Phoebus once held sway, Bud the bright impress of his footsteps hide ? Brightness doth never from the world decay- With my love nig)a me, even night is day ! How blest the hour when to our cot he's roving I He iuets me blossoms plucked in woodland way; Al side by side our hearts are fondly moving With all the joys they know who are beloved and loving, J.ENNa1e ARTHUR. 2,-When night has settled o'er the town, And silent is the street, Beside myfirst I sit me down With thoughts serene and sweet, And from some favourite volume cull A poem or legend beautiful. Sometimes with Arthur and his knights I ride round Camelot, And see again the gallant fights, With many a danger fraught, These knights for honour's sake went through, With fear.ess hearts and lances true. Perchance in forests, far and wild, Where Hiawatha roved, I roam, and see how Nature's child His -1liinehaha loved; And how he mourned her, when she died, And passed to regions glorified. Bat on whatever path I last, By some loved author led, No charm is ever round me cast So dear as home and bed. So will even say " Good night," And seek in dreams some new delight. J. II. AsKEw. L-Augustus Milton Jones, a sentimental youth, is strolling, Alone and aimlessly, upon the wet and shining shore ; Watching, with dreamy eyes, the waves so swiftly shore- wards rolling, And list'ning with delight unto the ocean's sullen roar. But suddenly he stops, and now his gaze is concentrated On some small object tossed about amid the frothy sea- in object which at once his eyes, with wonderment dilated, Assure him is a bottle, and sealed tightly it first be, )r it would surely sink. At once within his mind uprises Thethought that p'r'aps a message 'tis from some poor suff'ring crew tPrecked on a lonely desert isle. But as he thus surmises, The flask is cast ashore. And now to prove his surmise true fes; 'tis just as he thought; for there a neatly-folded paper Is seen within the bottle, which at once upon a rock Is smashes, and then cuts a mnet absurd and silly caper, But soon poor Jones is fated to experience a shock. He quickly takes the paclet, and proceeds now to unfold it; Then reads, while on his face appears a look 'tis sad to see, foron the paper, in a plain and large-sized type, behold! s written, " Never fail to purchase Sn ithson's Assam tea I" A. AMBERLEr, nManchester. ENIGMAS. 4.-Underneath the ground I lie, Useial to light London by; Round about the walls I stray, To wash London dirt away. In the blackbird's throat am I, Full of cheerful minstrelsy; 'Twixt the ploughman's lips I sit, Whilst around him visions flit; Airy and unreal elves, Thoughts fantastic as themselves, Crowd into the rustic's brain Long as I with him remain. In your cellar I am found (At lest, I trust so), underground, Full of liquid ruby red, Lying on a sawdust bed. Now le; this my self-praise cease- ' moke with me a pipe of peace. g5.oI wit SYNTAx, Warrington. STgowSith lightning speed o'er all the world, S- mere the British flag is now unfurled; I carrr messages of joy and woe- They're both alike to me where'er I go. I never tarry with sad news-not I, atl quickly to the rendezvous I fly. oansmingenoity formed me, they say; Nothing can cope with me in speed to-day. h'm never seen by any human eye, Thou h when I travel 'tis not very high; S sways hmn a kind of sighing song mo y destination I rush on. Poa erhaps, the queerest part of me: No harms or legs hahe I for you to see, That ead or body. What a curious thing aue should be as nothing, yet can bring l erhorts of news and messages to'view I Perhapis not the first I've brought to you. J. G. NICHoLLs, Milton. 'Dropileltt DELETION. rom the word chosen, leaving another word.) 6,-Lo. ithout Pi et. night aveY hu_on a cold winter's night, febod-Y5 darlng or joy, Saved froth arms a merciless death, Por little charity boy Sap iziCinal. py within on a cold winter's night, - l in Somebody's darling and joy; RhaY cradie as dove iq her nest, ich little parodtiblessed boy i -- OlISiTEL P, CH'EL;
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.) 7.-I stand in the window's wide recess, Where all is shrouded in deepest gloom, Save where you street.lamp's quiv'ring beam Has crept through the primal shadowy room. The street is empty, and strange, and bare- No form of daytime can now be seen ; And the slender elm trees that shade the path Rustle a leafage of pale, weird green. Up the road and down the road. From behind the curtains I dimly peer; But the step I next for, the form I seek, Through the mists of uncertainty draw not near. A flauttering stirs the wings of night As ten chimes forth from St. Mary's clock, In accents deep-toned, deliberate, grave, Which seem at my tremulous haste to mock. A footstep I Ah, it but heralds here Two passers-by on their homeward way, Who, hurrying o'er the lamplit stage, Seem but third forms in a scenic play. They gain their dwelling across the road; The gate is opened with startling twang, Then swings in a gamut of shrilly creaks That end in a dolorous, sharp-caught clang. Oh, when shall I hear that welcome sound- The swift rat-tat at the outer door P The quarter strikes, yet he cometh not. Was postman ever so late before P At last I at last I In the distance gleams That well-known lantern light to and fro; Nearer and nearer it comes to me Like a beacon of hope when hope was low. Swiftly approacheth the martial step, Brighter flasheth the lantern light; He's near-he's here-he has passed the door I No letter, alas I for me to-night. AMY BOEHIER, PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 8.-I wept not at the parting, Dear love, on that last night; Although my heart was aching, No teardrops dimmed the sight Of eyes that looked so bravely A sorrowful goqd-bye, The first my lips were trembling To still a bitter cry. I felt my cheeks grow next, dear- It was so hard to part; 1 felt a tremor seize me, I felt the tear.drops start. But I would not distress you, I would not cause you pain By my own grief, and so, dear, I forced them back again. A short embrace, a hand-clasp, And then, the parting o'er, I watched you out of sight, dear, First standing at the door. Though desolate, and feeling We should not meet for years, I wept not then, for my grief Was far too deep for tears! EuITH K. RENDLE. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 9.--I am a famous shot, my friends, A~s skilful as could be; No marksman in the world, my friends, Could ever master me; Whene'er I touch a fowling-piece, My aim is straight and true, And everything I point it at Has cause my first to rue. I tried to next a bird, my friends, Upon a hay.stack nigh; I somehow missed the bird, my friends, But made the haystalks fly. I marked a splendid chicken once, Perched on our window-shelf, And though I missed the little bird, I fairly hit-myself. At two yards range within our yard I often smash a plate; A pistol there I practise with, For guns in yards I hate; Yet lately, though, I've stopped e'en this, And here's the reason why: Because I last time by mistake Shot mother in the eyel F. G. WEB. Sonthwark. 10.-Gently are the night-winds blowing, r irst is the clear streamlet flowing, On this lovely July eve; Lazily the birds are singing, Softly are the church.bells ringing As the fields the toilers leave. Gradually night is falling, Birds unto their mates are calling- All around prepares for rest; Flow'rs their petals now are closing, Nature soon will be reposing, As the sun sinks in the west. Now the birds are second cooing, Now the lovers do their wooing, In this gentle twilight grey; All around is calm and sleeping, Stars are from the heavens peeping- Night has come, good-bye to day. S. B. LAWRENCE. 11.-I spring from the ocean all glist'ning and bright, But lose in an instant my being and light; Yet earth is my parent, and o'er it in air Behold me in beauty wave gracefully there. 'Mid America's waterfalls ever I'm found, 'Mid America's wild woods I often abound; Yet to crowded resorts and gay scenes I aspire, And I often form part of the bridal attire. A part of the myrtle within your parterre, A part of the fountain that waters it there; Both nature and art my creators I own, And yet I am frequently caused by a stone. What ? Still undiscovered P Decapitate now, And, see, I entreat you my name to avow; Nay, again take my head, and a light you will find Gleam quickly across your conjecturing mind. E. Josmnsow. 12.--Tired and hot from the hayfield sweet, Rejoiced was I my first to meet; Refreshed, I sank on a neighbouring seat, When merry sounds my ears did greet. I rose and approached a level ground, Closely and carefully fenced around; And peering through with ourious eye, Upon my next I did espy Knights, and lords, and ladies gay Laughing, and talking, and wheeling away. I hastened home, and found my third, To tell to my friend the fact absurd, That wise men, and lords and ladies gay, Were skating all on a summer's day. DAISY. 18.-Our dear Ed.'s firat, if you behead, Will leave what you possess instead; Once more decap., snd it will give That which without you could not live. G. D,
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second) Triptich. 14.-It travels far by land and sea With words of love and gladness; Or quite reversed the case may be- Replete with scorn or sadness. And some may set Hopp's flame aglow, And some we keep as treasures, While millions travel to and fro To make or mar life's pleasures. First Word. It sings a merry, sparkling song, And bubbles o'er with laughter; One moment slowly glides along, Then runs in haste just after. A pretty little rustic friend, Beloved by bards and sages' Oh, may our voices ever blend, And sing its praise for ages I Second Word. A garden where the spreading trees Make cosy nooks, and shady, And where the cool, refreshing breeze Fans cheeks of lord and lady; The marble steps, the shell-strewed walks, The flowers that grow just by you- Oh, 'tis the place for lovers' talks, When there is no one nigh you I MARION AND EnITn. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 15,-The poet sat with pen in hand, Deep in thought, Racking his brains for " sometling" grand, Writing-naught. For try primal as he would To be witty, 'twas no good; And at last he upright stood, Quite distraught. "Shall I never," so he yelled, " Laurels wear P" And his flowing locks he held In despair. " Shall I never ?" and his fist Sought the paper, which it missed, And instead he hurt his wrist On the chair. Then the poet sat him down As before, And a terrifying frown His face wore. Madly then his pen he dipped In the ink, which final tipped, And in saving it he tripped To the floor. Oh I and wildly stood he up In his rage: " I have drained the bitter cup l" Said the sage. But at length he calmer grew, Went to bed, and slept well, too- 'Twas the best thing he could do, I'll engage. ARncARa B., Kentish Town. 16,-We parted on the beach, Ellen, And as I bade farewell, I heard thee faintly sigh, Ellen, I saw thy bosom swell; I saw the tears start to thine eyes, I heard thee murmur low, " AMay Heaven watch o'er and guard thee Wherever thou mayst go." That prayer was heard by Him above, And oft Ifirst my knee In truly thankful, fervent prayer, When nearing home and thee. I left thee sad, yet free, Ellen, When I next out to roam Across the deep blue sea, Ellen, Upon the surging foam. I ne er confessed my love to thee, A fervid love and true; A love that as I roved afar More deep and fervent grew. Oft, oft, I dreamt, when on the deep, Of thee, my darling Nell, When lightning flashed and thunder roared And billows rose and fell. Oft, oft I saw thy form, Ellen, When waves lay in their rest ' When all was calm and still, Ellen, Yet stormy was my breast. When in a dreary mood I feared That thou wouldst me forget, And give unto another that On which my heart was set, Thy sad, sweet face I often saw Upon the trackless tide, Reproachi'ng me for leaving one Whose place was by my side. The mem'ry of that sad, sweet face, So full of grief and pain, Has brought me o'er the mighty deep To thee, my love, again. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. 17.-Shone the rays of noonday sun Through the woodland glade; Flowers were blooming, every one, In the woodland glade. Came a happy lad and lass, And reclined them on the grass, Hours in blissful love to pass, In the woodland glade. Oh, the tales of love they told In the woodland glade I Long they lisped the story old In the woodland glade. Birds sang to them overhead; Zephyrs sighed the words they said; All but first, to them, seemed dead, In the woodland glade. Quickly sped the happy hours In the woodland glade; Closed their petals all the flowers, In the woodland glade. Song.birds ceased their vesper lays'* Sighed the breeze through Nature s maze; Gloaming next enchanting baze O'er the woodland glade. Still the lovers lingered on In the woodland glade, Till the stars came out, and shone O'er the woodland glade. Then they rose and moved away, Thinking of a happier day Named while lost in love they lay In the woodland glade. D. Scorr, Newtongrange. 18.--The sails are set, and with a favouring wind, We swiftly glide along the foamy sea; Hot Afric's shores we quickly leave behind, And steer for England, merry, brave, and free. And when at last we first our native shore, And stand upon its rocky last again, The shouts of gladness from our thrboats that pour, Ring far and wide across the tossing main. IvAloHE, Belfast.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh syllable of which is a weordl 19.-While searching e'er my total, I chanced to gaze upon A volume old, whose title Could scarce be read thereon. Why did this first, though faded, Bring light into my eyes? It was my childhood's treasure, My first hard-earned school prize. I took it from its second, And conned it o'er and o'er. Ah ! how it called to memory 'Ihose happy days of yore, When I, with qigh ambition, Through weary lone hours pored O'er dry and tiresome school-books To gain this loved reward. And though less homely tributes Around my path arise, I'll cherish it for ever- My first and dearest prize. CLARA BosxniER. 20.-My first is a word that will serve to express Something equal in value-no more ana no less; And if you read backwards the same, you will inud A counterfeit coin it may bring to your mind. My next will the rank or the title explain Of many a gentleman living in Spain ; While one-half of London can boast of the same: A quick declination, reversed, it will name. United together, my whole will unfold Remission, forgiveness, to young and to old, To rich and to poor, the high and the low, Who truly contrition and penitence show. Any M'NEILL, Southwark. 21.-Farewell, my darling. Dry those eyes, for I must soon anway, For duty calls me, and you know its mandate I obey; But rest assured, where'er I go, the love for one at home Within my second holds chief place, no matter where I roam. You are my whole, and I the same relat.iosbear to you, So let us to each other prove constant, loyal, and true; And then, my first one, with what joy you'll watch for my return, If passion strong as sways my own within your bosom burn I J. TrIenrny. DUAGRAM. (Olange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 22.-My neighbours and I live on fairly good terms, On subjects not few we agree ; But politics sometimes create much ill-will, Because they my views will not see. Of course, when the time for election first round, They very soon brought out their bills, With taunting and sneering remarks 'gainst my sideo, And also with words, " Vote for Mills." Against this annoyance I stood for next third, Their " witty" allusions I scorned; Bat when I awoke one bright morning and found My house with their posters adorned, I then thought 'twas time that some action I took, And so, on a rather dark night, I nailed up two boards on the wall for "tmy mnan," And thought, "Won't it give them a fright !" Next morning resounded a laugh from next door Which brought to my brow a deep frown; The cause of the laugh was, however, quite plain- I'd nailed my two boards upside down ! J. STOCKS, Lamblet.. NARRATIVE CURTAILgME NT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.l 23.-The primrose is a pretty flower, Its colour is so very rare; Not one within the woodland hower Can boast a blossom half so fair. The primrose is a lovely flower, So wild, so beautiful, and free; The stately lady from the tower Would stoop to pluck it from the lea. The primrose is a modest flower, Upgrowing by the streamlet's side, Where, through each genial, sunny hour, Its golden petals open wide. The primrose is a yellow flower- 0 that it were a different hue! Say, has not mortal man the power To change it, and to make it blue I S. Wooi. ACROSTIC. (A word. o words, tformed of the initial letters of other wordl.' Foundation Word. 24.-A riddler of fame; Below you'll find his name. Cross Words. In this a riddler's name you'll view; A girl's name find for next; Third's a liquid used by you- Don't with my con. get vexed; Fourth's an animal, I ween; And last a stream in Yorkshire's seen. A, . A. DKES, Southampton. LOGOG RIPI. (A word which may be treated as a tnetagram., dolpitati t, ,I, e- tion,and transposition, bat loaves a perfect word after each operation.) 25.-My first, reversed, will show a fish; My next, reversed, means to decay ; My whole is one whom I much wish Good health will keep from you away. T. Nixow, Dudley Colliery. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 26.-Take a word of letters three, It simply means negation; Reverse, and then a weight you'll see Used by the British nation. T. J. M'R., Limavady.