RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
Clnio the first two letters of a word to form another s'ordj 1Lovringly come we, hand in lihnd, Sisters first in a riddling sense, pleading from all the " Tourney " band Their favour kind, as we meekly stand, Armed only with pens and innocence. You may be sure We're most demure, As we will be Continually I And whenever you see a con. of ours, You'll feel constrained to say, "They've made good use of their rhyming pow'rs By writing for us this lay ; And 'tis nice to meet, 'mid our maids and knights, Such exceedingly meek feminine Sphinxites." Marion T. and Jennie A. Shortly will set the Thames alight (Of course, you understand we say "Alight" in a metaphorical way !) By ueekly cons. which they strongly write ! For poesy, Which seems to be To men so hard, Is to female bard Much easier e'en than getting in curl A wilful lock of hair; Of poesy, sure, has every girl Enough, and a bit to spare ! si keep a look-out, 0 riddling wights, For the cons. of two feminine Sphinxites. Surely 'twould fill each soul with cheer- Kindle love in the hardest heart, Could they but glance at the faces here, Brimful of mirth and wit, 'tis clear, Keeping grim jealousy far apart, While song and smile The days beguile; For all are bent On merriment. But when a few weeks have rolled swiftly past, With unfeigned awe you'll own That since we have written together, each last To a marvellous size has grown I So unsheathe your swords, O maids and knights, Or keep clear of two brave feminine Sphinxites. Teeming with wit and courtly grace, None shall dare to dispute our sway; Truly our songs shall fill the place- Bring tears or smiles to each listener's face, And win us Fame's glorious crown for aye ! Our compact's sealed; We dare not yield, But write, write, write, By day and night, Till even the Ed., in his kindly way, Will cast a glance serene At our regular budget of cons., and say, "The files are no longer lean I" So take care of your laurels, O doughty wights, And beware of two coy feminine Sphinxites I JENNIE ARTHUR AND MeRION TAYLOR. 2.-The castle was ancient, the castle was roomy, Its turreted tower pointed up to the sky; The tapestried corridors, musty and grey, Had not seen the sunlight for many a day. And people averred 'That strange noises were heard- A groan, or a sigh, or a shrill, piercing cry; While gossip could whisper some wonderful stories Of doughty ancestors and long prsmal glories. And legends were sung Of the portraits that hung In th, old picture-gallery once loved for its fame: How each gallant and dame Would come down from the frame, And would laugh, cance, and talk through the long wintry night, While th. rooms were all lit with a weird, ghostly light, Through the castle so ancient and gloomy. One day through the park.lands a horseman came flying- Tih long-absent heir, so the rumour was spread And slite of the warnings which urged him to stay, Direct to the castle he wended his way. " No spirit or gnome, Nor ghost that may roam, No voice," so he said, " from the living or dead, Prom claiming my ancestral rights shall prevent me; I'9 wager their ghostships shall not long torment me." With proud, scornful glance, He essayed the advance, And passed o'er the drawbridge and in through the hall, Till he reached the great wall In the gallery tall, nd of portrayed foreisarents stood facing a host. And"Aha !" chuckled he, "if I hear but the ghost Of a sigh, there'll be reason for sighing." Ina carved oaken chair sat the scoffer, undaunted, All through the mysterious hours of the night; "Beforeima pistol, and sung little row Of bright silver bullets to lay the ghosts low. Oh, the stony amaze S In each fixed portrayed gaze, Ana our hero's delight at their pale, baffled plight I hen the morning sun beamed on the ancestral faces, The bright silver balls had vacated their places. Well, to tell you the truth, Sdie The youth owned a sweet tooth, So divested of silver each saccharine ball; And th.t past recall -t t lie socod them all. uo ramour recounts, with mysterious alarms, ', tbe phantoms were vanquished with silver-sped charms; -u.d the castle no longer is haunted. MARIow TAYLOR AND Amy BOEHmER, cht PRECE.OMEGRAM, Chag the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 3.-I love to think of days of old, Of valiant knights and barons bold, Who proudly to the lists advance, Arrayed in steel, with helm and lance, In keepig with the" Tourney's" laws, To battle for their righteous cause, And nob y to uphold the right, Engage in stern and bloody fight. But now I turnto modern days, And Riddle Tournament" I praiqe; Where brave knights marshal as of old- With courage high and beuring bold, Oppose each other in the field; But harmless weapons do they wield, And for the lists the "Tourney's" page, But yet4s fierce a ti they wage, Though bloodless, as in bygone age; Seagerly they next for ame. S Ivanmor, Belfast. I~hrr¶e,.. LOGOGRIPH. - u iom. yboetreatednas ametagram deapltatlon dole. _ °;551;tflOn p saltlon 0 but leaves a perfect word after each 4'. hY frsa mark for duty done; Behead, I'm cried, and buyers run; eCurail, I'llh o e, I prts improve; hunger son remove. _ T. DnozR, udley Colliery, ,J
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word) 5.-The mighty spirit of the storm Is whispering to the heaving deep The waves in greater volume form, And higher in their second leap. Then, like a war-god in the fight, They rush along with thund'ring roar, And hurl themselves with awful might Upon the rocks that gird the-shore. The moon shines on the ocean's breast From out her clouded home on high; The mighty waves, with gleaming crest, Leap up as if to reach the sky. And all is grim as black despair, The ocean's voice. the moaning wind, Seem, like dark genii of the air, Let loose to war against mankind. The sailor's wife kneels down to pray For one upon the troubled main; Oh, may that loved one, far away, Be spared to see her once again I MayI He who holds the raging deep Within the hollow of His hand, Her sailor brave from primal keep, And bring him safely back to land I THE UNHNOWN, 6.-Marmaduke Brutus M'Burke Was a " mashing" young man, and a clerk; And though " slave of the pen," this first among men Affected an ogle and smirk. When he saw Dame Melinda de Snooks (She'd a fortune, if " doubtful" good looks) Trip into the room, which, before, filled with gloom, Now seemed heaven to the " keeper of books." Straight over to Brutus she came- She simpered, and he did the same, Rose up from his chair, placed the next's own seat there, And then settled down with the dame. Marmaduke Brutus M'Burke Sprang up from his seat with a jerk; He'd sat on a tack which no sharpness did lack, And he danced and he raved like a Turk. R. Dre. 7.-I know a pretty little lass, With hair of auburn hne, That falls in ringlets round her neck; Her eyes are darkest blue. Such pearly teeth has she, and lips That look like cherries sweet; I love to steal a kiss from them, It is, ah, such a treat I She says she'll be my wife. Oh, what A treasure I have won I We soon shall be tied in a first Nest easily undone. E. FonsrrH. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-Softly, softly o'er the lea, Through the flow'ry, verdant dells, Comes the charmiung melody Of the bells. What a sweet chiming, Endless rhyming Of their notes From silvern throats! Sweet and clear, Far and near, `e can hear Their mnelody f1irst clear and free, Filling one and all with glee, As their silvern chime, Their time And rhyme, Softly floats in sweetest notes On the air- The balmy air That up doth bear Each peal-each ringing peal, As they out steal From the belfry high, Aud upward fly Nrext yon blue sky, Or slowly die afar and nigh. With a whisper low they come and go; And then once more they burst and roar, C, eak and swing, Loudly ring, With exultant glee, Wild and free. O'er hill and lea Their message swells With a merry crash- A sweet-voiced clash, The hopeful, joyous wedding-bells. Or else they ring-their loud notes fliig, as they swing, Upon the wing of the breeze, Across the leas, and then with mournful note From iron throat They upward float, In tones so low they swell, With measured chime each beating time, The low and solemn passing-bell. J. C. COLLIER. 9.-'Twas only a withered rosebud She held in her little hand; She had kept it long in remembrance Of one in a far-off laud. Oh, first was the day that they parted, For he her love last won : She was a proud earl's daughter, He was an artist's son. Only a withered rosebud, Wet with the maiden's tears; - They shone like the sparkling dewdrops, Which had graced it in other years. They brought sad news o'er the ocean To the lady fair one day; The ship that had carried her lover Was wrecked in a stormy bay. Only a sweet, dead maiden In snowy whiteness dressed, With a little faded rosebud To her lifeless bosom pressed. The angels had born her spirit To the island of the blest- Had borne her from earthly troubles To a calm, eternal rest. MAlDE DOUGLAS. 10.-F irm friend of the " Tourney," I mark with delight WV hat fun lies within every puzzle you write, A nd fain would, though distant, waft hence as your due L asct wishes and praises, O puuster, to you. L et others prove constant to riddling as thou- I n taembling before us our scoffers shall bow, S ing, then, merry poet, no cons. excel thine, 1'irsPt's Witty And Lartighable-Long, Indeed, Shine. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from time centre of a word to form another.) 11.--What you and I both made at school; The centre please take out, Then you will flud last on your face, There's not the least of doubt. ABNIcE SITIH GIRESLEY. VOWEL PUZZLE. 12.-A word you'll find that brings to mind In regular rotation The vowels a, go now I hall Complete toil brief oration. E. A. Coloaa.
BETAGRATMS. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 13.-Right eagerly each week adown the "Tourney's" page I gaze At the dear familiar names we've known so long; And I always am delighted at their many charming lays, And their never.enling witty little.song. But there's one bright riddler's name for which I look- but all in vain; From our ranks he's long withheld-we know not why. What can we do, O noble knights, to win him back again P His name must not in dark oblivion lie. Oh, last your lyres to a sweetfirst, ye maids of " Tourney's " pride- Raise on high your notes in one exultant strain; Let them waft his many praises to our riddlers far and wide, Till his own ere long shall echo the refrain. Sing on, ye knights and ladier, sing, and never, never tire, Till the name of famed La Lachrymose we see Afilxed to some fine riddle that, will us with joy inspire; Then very pleased I'm sure we all shall be. O noble bard, I ask you now, take up your pen once more, And may fair Musa lend a helping hand, To fill again the vacant place of which we now deplore In our never-tiring, gallant riddling band. Oh, could I but once more behold with eager, joyous eye Your name upon this long.loved page again, I'd lay aside my humble pen, with joy I'd loudly cry, And be thankful that appeal had not been vain. J. G. NICnoLLs, Miltou. 14.-" Ha! sure some maiden in distress sent forth that thrilling scream!" So spoke Sir Guy, and swift his blade did in the moon. light gleam, Then rushing forth, a maiden spies as fair as poet's dream, Held captive-by a craven whoso dark cheek had blanched to cream At Guy's approach, who terrible and full of wrath did seem. "Oh, save me " cried the maiden then, "fair knight whom all esteem ; You're pledged the weak to succour, and that pledge you first redeem, For next do brave and kindly deeds such gallant knights beseem." AILon KNIGHTa, Kennington. 15.-If it was not for first, many people would somt, And that would be awful, no doubt; But don't get excited; you needn't be vexed, If the answer you cannot make out. M. FABLANQUE. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 16.--Of all the British Grenadiers, Fusiliers, or lIedfordshires, Warwickshires, or Leicestershires, Or any other corps, Hardly any can compete, And I'm sure not one can beat, Those famous dashers The Blankshire Slashers, Equal to any in love or in war. Whenever an assault is made- Open fight, or cannonade- They always call on our brigade To do the dashing work. No matter who there is to lick, The Slashers there are in it thick; Those enemy smashers The Blankshire Slashers, Ready for any-Russian or Turk. When like hail the ballets fly, And when death or glory's nigh, Ready then to do or die We may all be reckoned. When the shells around us burst, And grimy smoke the cannon lirst, When bay'nets flash, when Chargers dash, then The Slashers are in in jolly quick second. GUNNER B., Brighton. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- Dreased in the narrative.) 17.-I know an old woman who lives up the street, The queerest old woman I ever did meet; Could you hear her talk, you would scarcely control Your laughter, she is such a funny old soul. Ter speech is imperfect. Instead of saying " C,". She pronounces the letter as though it were " T." Thus, if she has reason to say the word " Cake," The consequence is she pronounces it " Take." One day, to a shop that stands by she did hie, And unto the man did impatiently cry, " Weigh out, sir, a quarter o' toffee for me." "Yes, ma'am. Which sort will you have ?" asked he. "Lemon drops, ma'am, or rose drops-all kinds in the shop- Musk, lozenges, mint, paradise"- But she called out, " Stop; It seems just as if yer'd mak' fun, sir, o' me- I wants that 'ere ' toffee' o' which they mak' tea." And when she'd gone out, that shopman did roar And laugh as he ne'er in his life laughed before. E. TRAsFOnD. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a word.) 18.-So cosy and bright is the homestead to.night: Puss lazily p.-rrs by the fire; The table is laid by a neat-handed maid, With the teacakes the children admire; And mother's fond smile cheers her darlings, the while She lists to their chatter so gay; Dear first is her pride, with them all by her side- She would not have one face away. Tea over at last, books and pencils are passed- Young heads and hands work with a will, Till weariness comes over troublesome sums That, worked many times, are wrong still. At last these are done, but there's hist'ry for one, And then there's a map to be drawn; One has verbs to define-of no use to repine- These second must show in the morn. The silence grows deep, eyes are ready for sleep; The clock on the mantel ticks loud, And shows by its face how time travels apace While heads o'er their studies are bowed. And " bedtime's" o'errun ere the tasks are quite done. " Would we'd less of the whole !" all exclaim; And noting with sighs their strained, dark-circled eyes, Mother silently wishes the same. RosA B. Jm.--k little word of letters two; A pronoun, this-it isn't you; A drink of which you've often heard : Combine them, and you'll find a word Whi.:h signifies, my riddling friend, That which will never be the end. E. W. SHnnvEL. 20.-A kind of vehicle you'll see, If you will all agree with me; Another word will come to sight, If you will read my thoughts aright, Which means a favourite to be- Tho'ro's one in every family. Puthse tvo wn~r gether, and Fl6tcovdng nwil dS to hand. IvqEOE. Belfast.
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leavinir another word.) 21.-In Old Dunseford, the village where I used to dwell, We did once have a club-I remember it well ; For 'twas there that I passed the beat hours of my life, Ay, 'twas there that I went to escape from my wife And " the length of her tongue "-and a long one it ib I Like the wine of Champagne, it is all on the fizz, From the dawn of the day to the close of the same, And there isn't a subject this poor man could name But that tongue would - But, there I let me stop, or I may Raise the ire of my friends, so I'll mention, or say, That- But, there i no, I won't; I'll go on with my tale. Well, each night about eight we would meet without fail, To discuss or to question "old maxims," or "saws," The speeches of statesmen, or breaches of laws. Now one night it so happened it fell to my lot To arise and to state I a question had got; So I gave a loud " hem," and with grace I did say, "There's a proverb, my friends, whtch does run in this way :" Here I stopped, and was thinking what next was to come, When a man to the left of me mattered " Ah, ham." This our chairman did take as a sign of disgust, For he rose with a frown, and exclaimed, " Mr. Bust, You must draw back those words, or from here you must go." Mr. Bust shouted back, "No, I won't-I say no!" Thenu the primal grew high as our " chucker.ont " rose (He'd a squint in one eye, and a wart on his nose), For he took Mr. Bust as a final you'd take, Threw him on to his back, for the door he did make, And from thence he did throw him right into the street- A proceeding that with my approval did meet. But, alas for my hopes I I was served just the same, For the chairman turned round and said I was to blamte. I have oft since that night passed the club's open doer, But have never yet entered, and will--nevernore. TINY. 22.-A well.knowu river is my first-- To that you will agree; Curtail this primal, and you'll find My next a town will be. H. F. FAanIe. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or word .) Fouendation Words. 23.-We peruse our Young Folks with great zest; Its pages with interest teem; Of journals 'tis surely the best- At least, so to us it doth seem. Young people its pages should read, And a this they'll be certain to find, Affording just that which they need- Amusement and pleasure combined. Cross Words. That he had seen a first was our belief, He looked so pale and trembled like a leaf. I always said he was the fleetest second, And found ere long that I had rightly reckoned. Tom had a third allowance on his plate, And so we gave the rest to little Kate. A female name, not very common, though We have no doibt that you the same well know. A word that moeans to hate must now be got ; And now we bid adieu, for that's the 1- t. 8. W. HAYES AND J. A. MansntALL. ANAGRAM. 24.-" O wet sky I Sobbing sky!" Little Johunie Jones did cry. "Oh, why do you weep so sore P Dry your eyes and smile once more." The first three words of Johunie's plea Transpose aright, and y,,u will see What charms us all in Y. F. P. CHRISTELLA P. CHELTM. TRANSPOSITION. (Tr'anpose the letters in a wor.t to form another word.) 25.-Said Tom unto a friend of his One day that they did meet, "First come on Prinday next to dine With me in Gower-street." The time did next, and Monday came, As well as Tommy's friend; They spent a pleasant hour or two, And then the host did send For bottles two of good port wine To drink each others' health. Thi, done, Tom then commenced to talk Concerning others' wealthl; But ere he long had talking bceu, The other fell fast last; And this does so disgust Tom, he " Won't speak as they go past. D. Monals, Glasgow. ENIGMA. 26.-Wielded by a dexterous hand, Sped by a brain that can command; Flowing, cheerful lines of thought. Thou the world of men hath taught Lessons grave and gay. Thy rule omnipotent is-felt By Tartar, Teuten, Dane, and Celt; To guide thy wanderings all spire Who hanger for th' inspiring fire- All glory in thy sway. Creature of the man, maybe, But monarch, too, of history, Of drama, legend, poetry. Scribes have success -they owe it thee. Thy glories live for aye I J. D. DuNNINs , London. CONUNDRUM. 27.-Now, friends, I have a conundrum ; 'Twill puzzle you, no doubt, For I must say that it is not So easy to make out. Pray tell me why the Socialists Were like good authors. There, If you can't find the answer, wait, For next week 'twill appear. W. F. NOLAN, 'Clonmel.