RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META-OMEGRAT.
- ehe first and Inst letters of a word to form another word.) jpae~h ..o.nuy morn, a short season ago, A brt lcame singing a pleasant refrain; ~sl nd sweet were the accents, and, oh, gtl ber t in time to the glorious strain. gIy of our singers' unparalleled worth, d irilled all my soul with unspeakable bliss; ,,If there is a real ' Tourney ' on earth, It is this, it is this I" tke op my harp to re-echo his song, tld pith hearty good wishes nmy hand I extend Aut fr. Wood, firm and faithful so long; t you .love never first for our " Tourney," my friend, 0i,9e we our voices in gladness and mirth- 0oiloom must o'ershadow our final, I wis: g there is areal " Tourney " on earth, Ileil It is this, it is this! MARION TAYLOR. Birkenhead. ENIGMAS. ,-InO me you may more than one stor'y find, Th ogh tales form no part of my composition; And, though new tiles are seen upon my head, I am not, therefore, one of high condition. I'm not a fool, though I may be a flat, Nor yet a country, though a land extensive; And, though I always firmly stand my ground, Inever try to act on the offensive. I sometimes have a slate loose, yet I know Bly uuderstanding's not thereby affected; And, when I'm cracked, unto some workman's skill i'm suddenly and thoroughly subjected. I'm oft a cellar, and may be a byre, Although I never buy, nor sell, nor barter; And I hive fallen victim to the flames, Though no one thinks of calling me a martyr. Though I'mt a den, no hunter hopes to find Near tme the frisky lion or hyena ; And, though t stand without the :ud of feet, I've never yet been seen in the arena. The simplest speech that o'er was made by man I couled not givo, in spito of all my spouting; I have no thoughts on any subject known, Yet I have real views, despite your doubting. By me most men are very sorely taxed, Though I'm the subject of much skilful planning; And I may be but poor, though not a fault Appears to your most strictly careful scanning. Although exposed to every wind that blows, No one refuses shelter that I offer; And, though I am not rich, I often keep Secure from thieves the miser's treasured coffer. PHILO, Glasgow. l-Thou'rt a mystical sprite-a treacherous sprite, Mischievous wight, merry at night, Whose wiles and deep guiles sadly bore us, So dolorous, and break o'er us. Thy spark lights a pathway to regions Elysian- Splendid vision, grand transition, Where symphonies exquisite ever uprise, Like lovers' sighs, unto the skies; Where imps of the daytime and elves of the night Play out of sight in the moonlight, To thy strains add a discordant chorus, So sonorous, just to bore us. Thou mtckest our future most famed in our vision, Joys Elysian lack decision ; 'lhou tllest untruths, whilst the poor dreamer lies In varined guise with tight-closed eyes. J. C. DnLENON AND V. D. TAYLOR. 4.-When first I'm found I'm very black, But soon I'm turned to red; i'm put into a fishing-smack, Where often I'm found dead. I cling to almost everything That comes within my reach; I'm strong, but very soon 1 die When once I'm on the beach. G. W. HAYMAN. 5.-I am white, and light, and bright, I've been called a pretty sight; From my bed sharp cold I banish, Yet before much warmth I vanish. MADEIRA. 6.-We're found all over the world, In country and in town; We're cut and carved in every shape, And held in high renown. W. LEwIm, Ironville. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. I0lhe ual letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. i.--The brightest lass in our "R. T." In my prbials you shall see; And may finals tell the name Of a taing which owns her fame. Cross Words. " Notice to first " I hate to see; Two vowels next occur to me; And two more come to make my third; 1My fourth is owned by man and bird; Part of the day non comes to light; A name for rage next comes to sight; 'Tis note Ai, to find rhymes In such ery "hard-up" times. CLEARCHOS. ACROSTIC. Wrdo0r words, formneal of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-If you my primals read aright, A famous city will be in sight, Cross Words. This bird is often seen Up in the clouds, I ween. "Second the door." I said; "Here's Jack and uncle Ted." "Third's the time," he cried; " Pay here and walk inside." "Make haste, or we'll be late For acx ," said cousin Kate. A fruit please find for this; It gives the youngsters bliss. "I'll hit you on the lbe(," Said little Tommy MAfst. A. A. DYPKs, Southampton. ltett OMEGRAII. Sletter of a word is chalnged to form another word.) 9'-A yirt of you, also of me, In first I know that you will see; Without it none could living be. But kindly now change my last letter, You' find I mean to get much better. Repeat the process, please once more, Another word romains, I'm Sure-- It is a vet'S with lettArs four. bAoether wdrd fdr uile is hero ; 'Tis astily found, so do not fear. SaWllShter_ lost you can obthin. uutael tintl I Coine agahl, E. LEIIOLD.
METAGRAMS. (Ohance the first letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-She wears bright dresses of every variety- Brown. red, a,,d yellow of every shade; Nothing in that line can give her satiety, And to be sure they are made All in the latest style, All in the greatest style, Flounced and bedecked in a way to agree With such a creature as she. She has a waist of first seventeen inches-it Really appears like the waist of a doll ; Every morning she presses and pinches it- Soon she'll have no waist at all. And she will rue it then: Why will she do it, then P Not for the wide world would I ever be Such a vain creature as she. Something attached to her, incomprehensible, Bouncing and jumping whenever she moves; Sure such distortions are quite indefensible, But yet the poor creature loves Things that are queer to see, And that appear to be Really ridiculous to a degree- Pitiful creature is she. Three hours a day on her smart toilet lavishing, Not much to her is the passing time worth; Simpering air that she thinks is so ravishing, Only arousing one's mirth. Wholly irrational, She gives to fashion all Days when she learning last duties should be- Sudh a vain creature is she. This is a story I think quite veraciously Penned of the girl that you know nowadays; If 'tis not true, I would beg you to graciously Show where my verse from the path of truth strays. Ponder it carefully- In your mind bear fully What I have said, and you'll straight say with me, Vain little creature is she. IVANHOE, Belfast. 11.-Kind friends, I stand before you all in greatest trepidation-- Admittanco to the "Tourney's" page is first I humbly seek; For years I've eagerly perused with greatest admiration Those smart, ingenious riddles that are printed every week. For long I've keenly studied every well-known form of puzzle, Till at last I think I've wnastered all the rudiments so hard; And my great and long.restrained muse (?) has snapped its gagging muzzle, And I'm actually going to try to be a riddling bard. To Marion our queen I bend the knee, and beg per. mission To bear a maiden lance in this great intellectual fight ; And if she will but grant the undersigned a kind ad. mission, I'll answer for him last he'll try to prove a worthy knlght. The ladies Boehmer, Arthur, Rendle illustrate ex. amples Of the cleverness that is possessed by each sweet lady friend ; And Fransleu, Perry, Gow, and Philo all are worthy samples Of jolly riddling fellows who to our enjoyment tend. I humbly take my leave and hope I will not be intruding If ever I desire the " Tourney's" page to enter in; For I long to emulate those friends to whom I've been alluding, Who have often pleased, amongst the throng, your un. known friend, G. GWYrNNE. 12.-Oh, still is the tempest, and hushed is the strife, The burden of sorrow has fled from my life, The chill winds have ceased their lament; The night.clouds that late have o'ershadowed my brow Are gemmed with ineffable loveliness now; At peace is the heart that was rent. Thrice bitter it is to be parted from oue Whose love is as sweet as the glorious sun To flow'rs that are budding in spring; But far more intense is the rapture we feel When slights are forgotten, and voices reveal Their love, as with pardon they ring. 'Mid all the delights then enthralling the heart, First cares are forgotten, and agony's dart Grows faint as the next beam of day; And so we'll forget all the pain that is past, Look forward to future joys, joys that will last, And scatter our sorrows away. Since life is so short, 'tis a folly to strive; Since love is so sweet,'tis a shame to deprive Our souls of its exquisite bliss; Then let us, my own, in such harmony dwell, That, dark though our fortune, no stranger may tell A happiness fairer than this. F. G. WEnn, Southwark. 13.-I sat and pondered o'er a con., Our " Tournament" to grace; I sat and splashed the blameless ink All o'er my pretty face. I sat and vowed deep vengeance on The thoughts that would not first; I sat and muttered certain words As naughty as I durst. I sat and groaned in solitude- The time, oh, seemed so last, Until in desperation down My pen I madly cast. Perchance the muse will come one day, As I still hope it may; But till it does, that horrid pen Upon the floor will stay. R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. 14.-If you will at your leisure trace What always adds a double grace To any pretty maiden's face, You'll find it's first. And then what causes sorest pain To any masher rather vain, In next you'll see so very plain, You will, indeed. And you may think it is absurd In me to say this con. is third; But yet 'tis so. upon my word- You'll dud it is. PUCK, Ballymena. 15.-Of all the days in all the week First mak, the riddlers glad, There's one day.to their hearts so dear, Withl pride they're nearly mad. The young ones laugh, the old ones smile, And throw tall cares away, And know not nexlt they are about, On every Wednesday. J.. BInELaL, Belfast. 16.--1 heard a poet sing, one sunny firpst, When summer her delightful reign was ending; He warbled sweetly of "the rustling nert '-- With threasl and needle he his clothes was mending ! He cooed a love-shag, and right nobly cried, "I care not for the iich mlalt's filthy dollars I" Then a last apron round his waist he tied, And-saintly hero !-washed and ironed his collars 1 A. 3. DIcisos, Liverpool,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-Often I think of that morn so fair When we stood last alone by the rushes, And the lark soared high in the bracing air, And mingled its song with the thrush.s ; And the sweetbrier spread with its fragrance rare O'er the mossgrown bank and the bushes. And the well-known lane where you vowed to be true, Comes back with a touch of sadness, Where the laughing brook ran rippling through In a fit of mirthful madness; And the beautiful world seemed bright and new, And the sun shone down in gladness. And the first trees sang to the breezes light A song of the wind's own making, For the fluttering leaves with a keen delight On the slender boughs were shakin ; Oh, the dear old earth seemed pure and bright On that sweet May morn awaking! But now no more through the waving trees bhall I watch the sunlight quiver, No more shall I walk in the morniung breeze By the banks of the infant river; For the wood, the brook, and the lofty trees Have passed from my sight for ever. D)OROTIIEA GREY. 18.-For long he waited on her, While slowly she put on her new cream glove, And spent his hate upon her, For keeping him there, not daring to move. At last she turned to him with a irst smile, And that smile brought his love upon the last track, And said, with a smile increasing the while, " The new gloves you bought me have slit up the back." W. A. LAsoSTON. 19.-All you who see this little verse, My first you'll surely own; My sccond is but a little word, And to you is well known. W. W. LEAPEn. 20.-Find an elegant fir tree; If you will this behead, Surely the vault of heaven You will have instead. BAns, Chester. 21.-If a country on the Continent You will please behoud, A dolorous effect, I think, You will have instead. H. CARTER. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to formi another word in the allrrati V.) 22.-I'm chided for neglecting my once favourite riddling For wandering to fields afresh and pastures termId new; Deserting those companions who once seemed dear to me, Who helped me with a right good-will to show my hand to you. Fain would I write a stirring verse to hold you as spell- bound, Fain would I write a riddling song of manly, noble sport, Fain would I that from my poor pen would flow the rhythmic sound Of cultured, clear, pure poetry, which you, dear knights, have caught. My treasured cons., I must but own, are humble to the core; They lack that ring, that true steel ring, by which the best are known; How can I be, then, riddling knights,.aught but a pain- ful bore i With naught but mediocre work that one may call his own. Though absent from the "Tourney," it was ever dear to ms; I treasured up the honoured names of riddlers old and new, And ardently I, too, have wished amongst you here to be; Your hint, friend Dykes, has plainly shown what I should strive to do. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptioh. 28.--Let people who've of wealth much more Than folks unfortunate, As printals e'er be to the fore, To soothe and satiate. First Word. Oft 'tis begged, and often given- Mercy's spirit it nuplies; Many a soul is conjured-drivenu To grant that which th' heart denies. Second IVord. An author, engrossed in his story, Heard strains from this instrument, And vowed he would make the field gory, If the -iriual-man did not relent. But, instead, he consulted the player, Unwisely and most indiscreet, And told him "he'd come as a slayer Unless he vacated the street." V., D. TAYLOR, Warrington. NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from a word chosen, leaving another word ex- pressed inl the narrtaive.i 24.-I saw it glitter in her eye, Then slowly steal adown her cheek- I hated thus to see her cry, But still I dare not, would not, speak. My pride was up, my temper too, And angry words I had just said, Of things that I was going to dou- Like tellows say, 'bout which I've read. I vowed that I would go to sea, And be a jolly, roving brick! She said, "No fear i you'd frightened be, Because the water makes you sick." I vowed that I would then enlist, And be a soldier, brave and skilled; She laughed, " Oh, do; you won't be missed, And lot us hope you will be killed." I swore I'd get a big balloon, Andl soar :Lway, oh, dear, so far, And gt a; lLass uip ill the moon, Or else a sweetheart in a stur. I vowecd all this, and then she smiled, And saucily her small head tos-ed, "You'd cry just like a little child," She said, " if you uip there wore lost; Besides, you know that up on high It even freezes up your breath, So see, my dear, you'd sure to dio- That is, if you should freeze to death." And so she kept on, juse like that, Enough to drive a fellow mad. I swore I'd go and et my hat; She said she wodld be ver" glad. And do I let the tddrdirop run, And lbrightly twiitklb oil her i~ose; I hedrd the clock strike half-past one- And that's,.the why all trtle love goes! J* c. COLLIE..
DUAGRAMIS. (Chance the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 25.-Rest thee, oh, rest thee, 'Neath first pennons waving; At peace lies thy stormy heart, Frozen and clhll. Rest thee, oh, rest thee, For, tempests outbraving, Triumphant thy standard flies Crowning the hill. Rest thee, oh, rest thee ; The heights are surmonuted, The foemen are vanquished, Accomplished thy vow. Thy life's work is over; Thy lances uncounted, In glory and pomp, Hold the citadel now. Rest thee, oh, true no et; All calm be thy sleeping, Still cased in thine armour And battle array. Sleep without fearing- Azrael is keeping Guard o'er thy slumbers For ever and aye. IN Ez, Liverpool. 2G.-Gently, gently blow, ye breezes, 'Softly through the woodlands sigh; Your sweet song my sad heart pleases, For ye first of days gone by- Days when she and I together, Through the sunlight, hand in hand, Wandered o'er the purple heather And the golden sand. Softly, softly blow, ye breezes, Through the wood and leafy shade; For your last my sad heart cases As ye whisper through the glade. Now no more I wish to wander By the sea-beach, cold and grey; She has left me, and I ponder O'er my griefs to-day. Whisper, whisper, gentle breezes, Fluttering over dale and hill; Though the shadow dark increases, Your sweet breath is with me stilL And from you fresh hope I borrow, For your murmurings seem to say, "After ev'ry night of sorrow Dawns a brighter day." H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. DELETION. (Drof a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 27.-Last week I invited some first out .to dinner, As I wanted to get in the Commons a seat, So in order that they might not get any thinner, I ordered potatoes, and all kinds of meat, Tailor's cabbage and goose, and pickled eel's feet, Blanc-mange from Mont Blanc, some ice cream to bake, Some chops from a hatchet, with a fine juicy take ; Tomatoes, fried lobster, an egg ripe and mellow, Brown paper cigars, and sohines from the sclher;* With some trouble I skewered (secured) a cook who was steady, Instructed him well, and at length all was ready. At last the day came, and of next quite a score, Whom my footman sho'ed in as they came to the door- First came Mephistopheles, who had on his arim His queen Proserpine, who was just like a charm ; Behind were the Cyclops, who came in a 'bus, Followed close by the Bebryciau king Amycus; Ascalaphus came next, with Ate by his side, Then Vulcan the smith, with Cabira his bride ; Brifreus came, with one head and a grin- He'd cut off forty-nine, so we soon let him in; Ephialtes next with Discordia came, And nine or ten more whom I've no time to name. The wine passed-in fact, we were getting unnerved, When a hush fell on all as the dinner was served; I expectantly sat as they brought it to light, Then arose such a yell as the food met their sight. " What's the matter P" I cried; said Mephisto, " We'll hook it; The dinner, you cuss-you've forgotten to cook it !" RosraT LE DiABLE. TRANSPOSITION. (Transvose the letters inl a word to form another word.) 28.-In first a fruit you'll see, 'Tis very sour, you'll own; Transpose, and there will be A fruit to you well known. C. BossrER. CONUNDRUM. 29.-Now a riddle is a riddle-that no one can deny, liut a riddle without ais answer is not much use, say I; Then tell me, pray, ye gallant knights, e'er ready for the fray, Why the butcher's like a man who foretells a rainy day. NosLoocA. ARITHMETICAL PUZZLE. 30.-For first take just one-half of last, Thou nothing place between; Prefix a saint, and then by you A well-known book is seen. E. W. SIsUavEL. PALINDROME. (A iword which read backwards or forwards is still the samo.) 31.-Part of a vessel please reverse, The same word is in view; If viewed aright, 'tis none the worse: What is it, now, say you ? T. P. CowLINe.