RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ME ETAGRAMS. (Change tho nrst letter of a word to forl another wor I.
1.-Sitting alone white the shadows were falling, Watching the glorious sun in the west Making the prospect resplendent, enthralling, Drowsily seeking its merited rest; Shedding its rays like a thousand small fountains, Filling the earth with a deluge of gold; Spreading afar o'er the hillocks and mountains, Till in a volume of fire they are rolled,- Truly the heavens are gloripus, I ponder, Into the primtals of wonderlaud hurled. But leaving awhile all the beauties up yonder, What is the lovelier-t thing in the world Dreamily wasted on poesy's pinions Over the lands of poetical fame, Eagerly searching toe kingly dominions, Seeking for that which was worthy the name. Is it a songster with mystical trilling, Whose plumage is tinted a glorious hue ? Is it a landscape our subtle hearts thrilling, Fairer than palace or grove in 'Meru? Perchance 'tis a modern Apollo ? I queried ; Or maybe a gent from the fathomless seas. And thus over countries I wandered till wearied, For reason assured me it was not of these. Straying so far from the home-scenes around me, Lost in the mazes of dreamland complete, I knew not that somebody, seeking, had found me- I heard not the patter of two childish feet, Till through the dusk I beheld, brightly shining, Two hazel eyes, lifted in wistful appeal. Two tiny arms round my neck were entwining, Mutely expressing the love they reveal; Such a sweet, winsome face, perfect and saint like, Gold, glossy tresses across the brow curled. " Cousin," she murmured, so simple and quaint-lile, " What is the loveliest thing in the world ?" Echoing strangely precisely the question I had so fruiclessly tried to explain, Sweetly the childish voice woke a suggestion Ch arer than those which had erst filled my b:ain. Slowly the veil of obscurity lifted, Back to the present my memory brought: Into a halo of pleasure I drifted, Showing me plaiuly the object I sought. Yen, there were finals who',l held the position. Marred, scarred, and stained with the world's heait al dust, Truly deploring their helpless condition, Craving for pardon for breaking their trust. "Lassie," I whispered, and, drawring her nearer, Pressed a warm kiss on the smooth, childish brow, "Gems which are rarest are hold all the dearer ; Yet, lassie, you've one which is priceless just now. The loveliest thing in the world is a heart, dear, Pure as the snow ere it reaches the ground, That knows not the torture of jealousy's smart,, dear, That sees not the vices which thickly abound. Keep it, my darling, with steadfast endeavour, Shitldcd entirely by virtue and love; As you received it in trust from the Giver, May you as spotless ret:un it above." Mansu L. TAYLORu, Birlenlhead, 2.-A monkey, in his master's house, Beheld a neighbour smoking, And watched, like cat a captive mous2, His coughing and his choking. Then when the neighbour walked away And left his pipe behind him, The monkey grasped it first it lay, And fled where none could find him. One whiff he drew, then grinned with pain, But yet, in sheer defiance, Began his horrid task again, With foolish relf-reliance. At last a faintness o'er him leapt, And soon, with anguish crying, Towards his master's feet he crept, And sank down next, half.dying. '"was long before Jack out could wipe All traces of his illness; Andoever since he's viewed a pipe With dread and painful stillness. So boys who bow to fashion's laws Like worst of cringing flunkeys, T:ke.note, and, while there's time to pansý, Don't copy snmoking monkeys. F. G. WaVi, Southwark 3.-Marmmna has promised us a first, Because we have been good,; So we're to go this afternoon And picnic in the wood. Mamma and cook are making tarts, And tempting cakes and pies; While baby Susie watches them With big, aetonished eyes. And there's a hamper full of fruit, Another full of toys; With dolls and hoops for all the girls And balls for all the boys. And we may gather pretty flowers, And laugh, and leap, and run, And have a fire, and gipsis tta-: I'm sure we'll have next fun. / U Fr:et1, 4.-My first will bring before your gaze A kind of fish, I ween; But if you please to change the head, A vehicle is seen. T. NrxoN, Dudley Colliery, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 5.-I can stand people talking of running itud valki ng, I can even stand people who say they can dance ; I can stand people tighting, the neighbours delighting, If they just let me know their intent in advance. I can stand silly chatter; I can stand those who flatter (The latter's no difficult matter, I own); I can stand music strumming, e'en though I a's "summing "- Forbearac's next such an occasion I've shown. I can stand an old fiddle whilst making a riddle, Although I oft wish the musician to slay; I even can stand, sir, a vile German band, sir, Yet that is the limit, I feel bound to say. I have a young brother, and somehow or other He is not very tall, but he is very slim; Though he draws ugly faces in all sorts of places And says they're like nos-I can stand oven him. I can stand a hard drinker, be be cobbler or tinker. I ca.u strand all these great things, and think it g0od fun; Bult there'sfirst thing I won't stand, and, enuoth.t :; don't stand- I allude to the fiend who handles a pui, I've just heard from Bob Jetter. He saysin his letter, "There's one more thing you don't stand--'yo '0 missed it, I think, I've no wish to.be funny, so don't be vexed, sonny. The thing that you never will st;end is-a drink I" Th .tin G. , JOaEs, Liverpool,
'OMEGRAIIf. (The last lctter of a word is changed to'form another inipO.) 6,-Though absent from these jousts of late, I come with nerves well braced and strong To aid me in a struggle long With those of fame secured and great. Ah I Mlusa, if thou e'er bhast known A mortal's wild and fitful cry, And helped him in perplexity, Descend, and listen to my own. But Musa will not deign to hear The voice of such a muff as I; Will you, ol, Ed., refuse my cry ? You won't ? Here goes-my voice I'll clear. ,Oh, give but to me the delights of the sea !" So thousands exclaim in their innocent glee; You can hear it at Lee, or at Westgate-on.Sea, Or at Brighton, at Morcambe, or wild Brittany ; You can hear it at breakfast, at dinner, at tea, And every one everywhere says, " To be free, o you've only to sail on the far.flowing sea. 've first on the sea-only once. "Never more l" I exclaimed to myself as I stepped upon shore; For the day was a wild one, and what with the roar Of the wheel in the water, the cry of-the porter, u next, stout, or ale wanted ?" the cries of " Oh, lor' I" From the fat family lady who brought half a score Of innocent " childers," she called them, but they Iusisted on knowing me well, and my showing My watch, which they broke in their innocent play- These noises, combined with the wind overhead, Made me gloomily wish I was buried-in bed. Now, readers, please note, if you're out in a "boat" And feel her just rocking, and know you're afloat, And this is the first time, you won't care a groat If you're drowned or alive, for of " tarnation quickness," As Yankees would say, there's naught beats sea-sickness. G. MIANYWEATHElRS, DECAPITATIONS. (' (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.--Without scruple, first, I say, Is seen at luncheon ev'ry day, Though Speculation, growing bold, Says, " Adam, in those days of old, At breakfast, dinner, or at tea, Found primal e'er an absentee." But here it answers, "Adsum," then To work upon it with your pen 1 Behead, a little word you'll see Ne'er seen near punctuality ; Again decapitate, when, lo I Remainder will a short verb show. AGONISTES. 8.-Behead a weapon, and you'll view A kind of fruit well known to yoe. Behead again, and you will find Part of your head is left behind. Part of your frame of head bereft, A kind of fish will then be left. Behead an article of dress; A kind of grain you'll then possess. Behead a part of every chain; What I use now will then remain. W. F. NoLAN, 'lonmel. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (lr:op the fln:l letter of a word, 1..aving another word, expressed in the narrati .) 9.-Awake, my muse, for thou hast slumbered long- Arise, and let thy dormant voice ring out; Startle the nations with a dazzling song, That of thy genius they may have no doubt. O why bhast thou so long been laid at ease, While all youth's golden hourP went by unused ? Are there not those whom tlky sweet strains would please ? Were there not some thy songs would have amused? Come forth-as one who long hath been at rest Awakes lefreshed-in all thy might again, And men, by thy sweet melodies impressed, With eager ears shall drink in ev'ry strain. O come! but still my words unheeded fall, And all my invocations are in vain; Thou sleepest on, unmindful of my call, And all unsung thy melodies remain. S. WooD. ACROSTICS. .I word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 10.--'Tis renowned in history's pages as a great and glorious day, When the little English army 'gainst the Frenchmen turned at bay; And before the light had faded forced the haughty Gaul to yield, And o:d England's glorious standard floated o'er that well.won field. Cross Words. The foremost of the Greeks before famed Troy; Be gained a fame that time cannot destroy. In the arena, far from friends and home, He dies, a victim to imperial Rome. This animal, by banks of reedy Nile, Hunts out the eggs of monstrous crocodile. The elixir of life this is, I think, And of the ancient gods a fabled drink. The breekes scented from this charming isle Bear fragrance o'er the sea for many a mile. When o'er the desert sand the traveller hies, His heart beats last with joy when this he spies. He lives-in bliss beyond the gleaming sky; On earth, in precious nxct, his ashes lie. A precious stone-'tis of a reddish hue; Its name, I'm sure, is known to all of you. Upon the Oriental's brow this gleamed, And from it dazzling rays of light there streamed. - Taix UNxKowac, Gateshead. Foundafion TWord. ll.-R iddlers, the answer to this con. I s now before your eyes: D oesit not amuse you often ? D on't it the ignorant make wise ? L ook below and p-rimals find, E 'en then you see it, bear in mind. Cross Words. T om, darling, first to take me out, 0 r secbnd Tom, you lazy lout! U nsparing was the master when R ob took away his third and pen. N iglit is when this bird does sing ; A ndfifth to light a dog will bring. MI ete out to all whatever Fixtlh their due, E 'en though tlhey may Iext always do to you. N ow here an animal please to view, T hat for its height's well known to you. F. PtIa.LIPs , Mottingham. SCHAREADES. (l'ormaled on a word each syllabtle of whichl is a word.l 12.-MYfirst'san insect very small- You'll all agree to that; .. . Mysecoad's not a long way off-, . . You'll find it on your hat. Now, if these two you do unite, _' An Ulsfer towsi will come in sight. -W. J. Domws, Limavady. 1s.-My fiaf s preposition ho ws; On churches ie.zxts you'llfd ; Wy echole's a word which surely meank -" 0o gunimate the mind. DErAlccIES,.
TRANSPOSITION. (Tranbpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 14.-The rain in torrents poured, The wind howled o'er the moor; The earth was wrapped in darkness dense- A bad night for the poor. When slowly to the door Of a small wayside ion There came in haste a wandering bard, Who quickly stepped within. His first was long and white, His head was next; and last He loudly ordered, for he said He longed to break his fast. He ate as heartily As ever man could wish, And sruif s adorned his wrinkled face As dish succeeded dish. He ate his fill, and then Called for a bed for one; Next morn he rose and paid his bill, As other bards have done. PHILo. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 15.--'rwas only a look, yet it told me Far more than mere language could tell. The mazes of gloom now enfold me- Those eyes I interpret too well. No word the dread silence has broken, Blut one look has broken the spell. The chain with which Cupid had bound us Asunder has snapped with the strain; The sunshine that flooded around us Has vanished, to come ne'er again. Thine eyes a mute sentence have spoken, And mute shall this heart bear the pain. But, oh, could my fervent words banish The doubts that have marbled thy heart, The dark cloud would speedily vanish, And with joy I would from thee depart, Oh, speak to me-give me some token That time may perhaps heal the smart. T. CAnPENTER. 1G.-To merry sound of piercing fife and drum, At steady pace they quickly onward come, Their bayonets glittering in the summer air, With merry laughter, void of thought or care, Their streamers gaily floating wild and free, Towards the transport lying at the quay. A mother totters onward by her son, While from her aged eyes the tear-drops run. Her fancy seems to leap the watery waste, And sees her boy in deadly danger placed, His features firmly set, though pale with woe, As dauntlessly he fronts the howling foe. And she, who willingly would part with life To shield her darling loved one from the strife, In fancy hears his death-cry like a knell Ring o'er the sound of shrieking, bursting shell; And as she sees them leave, so bright and gay, She from the scene is senseless borne away. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. 17.--I wandered down the street one day, WVten to my sight appeared a crowd Dragging along a belpless man, Who, I could lee, had once been proud. I a-ked him what the matter was. " Once I," he cried, " owned vast estates; Bat now "-and tears came to his eyes- " But now I cannot pay my rates. "For sad misfortune's bosn my lot- My riches vanished in a day; And now they're going to lock me up .Because my debts I cannot pay." E. TRAFFonD. DUAGRAM. (Chlnge the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 18.-The sad sea waves, lashed furious, bounding, roar In one white line along the echoing shore. You clust'ring clouds, in fast-uniting bands, Ominous move, as stirred by unseen hands That ever and anon cast gleaming forth Bright darts of flaame, while from south and north The thunder loud resounds. 'Twould seem that heaven Was smould'ring, and from the smoke-clouds driven Sparks first flown; but that from the self-same source From countless pores the raindrops downward course. Bold, bleak, against the cutting northern blast, The cliffs ,tprear their steep sides, tall and vast. The tempest is at work. Fishermen, haste ! Spread shoreward sails, and leave the heaving waste, A bl.zing ncxt beside the ingle nook, Where e'on now some one sits with anxious look, Is place more meet on such an angry day Than in thy skiff before the blinding spray. J. W. TAYLOR, NARRATIVE DUAGRABM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 19.-Sleep on, ye brave, who fighting fell, Who for your country bled, Who, serving her-and served her well- Were numbered with the dead. Sleep on ! No cares or sorrow now 'Bout country or 'bout cause Can ever rest upon your brow Or break your sweet repose. Sleep on, ye brave, ye honoured brave I' No more you'll hear the sound Of drum or trumpet till the grave Sprinkles its dead around. Sleep on! and as in your deep bed In cold, dull s!eep you lie, Your praises shall be sung and read Until they reach the sky. DRAGOON. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word. 20.-E-uach musket that rattled o'er Waterloo's plain, And added by scores to the heaps of the slain, Once fired, could not have been loaded again But for this. In the slope of a roof if a window you see That's built in a gable, and cannbt agree What the name of a window so funny can be, It is this. F. PARRERl. 21.-My w;hole means to recompense- Six letters it contains; Please reverse, and then you'll find A sliding box remains. J. STocas, Lambcib.