lI)DDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAM.
O the rst two letters of a word to form another word.) fMisther Dave, it's here agen yez are so gay and free, gintleman irst you it does me proud to see!" eye, yI daresay, Solomon, my frien', but sad to tell, 'no aye, an' free, as ye can weel see for yesel'; if we are to sing this time, I ken my voice 'II fail, ieese ye are content to join me in a mournin' wail." A wail is it ? Ochono, Kileely, wirra. hulaloo-.o-o ! e there's an Irish wail for ye, me bhoy-that ought to aild it at O'Brien's last like murther !" " Did ye ? tiniaphl en, sr,i my opeenion ye're amaist irreverent sumph. ntdinna let us quarrel, for ye ken it's vera wrang, ofjuist lift up our voice and sing a melancholy sang." Ta SANG (MA CONSCIENCE !). by hairt's in the Hielands, my hairt is no' here; hairt's in the Hielands, a-chasin' the deer "- 'Faix, isn't the spalpeen just tellin' some bungs! his heart's in the Highlands, begor, where's his ungs ?") Mn blaid, sir, wad ye daur to interrupt a sang o' mine ? sing nae air, but finish up wi' days o' ' Auld Lang Syne.' "Should auld acquaintance be forgot An' never called to min'? Should auld acquaintance be forgot"- (" No, drop 'em all a line I") " We twa has run aboot the braes An' pu'd the gowans fine; But we'll tak' a cup of kindness now:"- (" Wid limos and sugar in mine i") " Then gie's a han', my trusty frien', An' dinna look insane, An' we'll drink a richt guid willie-waucht "- (" Whativer that may mane I") D. Gow AND S. FRANKLIN. ACROSTICS. A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Founldation Word. -Yes, be had wandered far through many lands, And seen strange sights and wonders manifold, Had witnessed armies as they onward rolled, Like raging billows thundering on the sands. Weary at heart, he travelled back once more, His loved home and country to behold, And the warm tears, by self-will uncontrolled, Break forth, and down his dusky cheek they pour; For of his dearly-loved ones none remain, And for companions now he has but grief and pain, 'Cross Words. Primal it is when spring is young, To wander the budding trees among, And list to the blackbird's lay. Covered by it were the ponds and lakes. What curious and pretty forms it takes As it hangs on each leafless spray ) Next was I for the morning train ; And from that day no more have lain So long past my usual hour. If you will fourth me this small request, I promise you'll not be again distressed By beholding my visage sour. He next for the book lying on the stand; And just at the moment I offered my hand, He struck me full on the face. The sixth is not where I left it last; And I have to write ere post-time's past, A letter to dearest Grace. She was last and gentle, and nice and good, Just five feet eight in her shoes she stood, And extremely tight did she lace. IvaiOson, Belfast. Foundation Word. S,.-Flowers of earth that blossom fair, Not to your hearts we says repair, But far away in old ocean's foam, Oh, there, oh, there is the fairies' home. O pearly caves beneath the waves With purple blooms of seaweed fair, Who would not be a primal free, And live for ever, ever there ? Cross Words. Where the primal pale is seen Peeping from its covert green. Maiden, in thy blue-grey eyes Comes a sweet look of surprise As the silence long I break With the trembling words I speak, Full of love and full of fear, "Do you love me, love me, dear P" Io! flames the red beacon on Berwick's high hill, And down through the valley sweeps Jock o' the Mill. This river to the northward flows Where armed India waits her foes. E. A. A CRonst. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. hange the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 4.-The path to fame is rough, When first on it we walk, And rocks rise here and there Our onward course to baulk; But these can be removed, If only bit by bit; That isl if with a will We set ourselves to do it. Life's road is wide and long, And many a turn we meet, To tempt the incautious eye And attract the unwary feet; But if straight on we keep, And pause or turn not Until the goal is reached, Success will le our lot I All things will turn outwell With those who persevere; And only application can Man's road of barriers clear. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. GERAINE. ange the two last letters of a word. to form another word.) Sat at my window and listlessly noted clouds as they flitted across the bright sky; soon then was shining withsilver spendour- er light ot w s- very sIlendour- elight oft was hidden as clouds passed by. eaens were dotted with stars ever twinkling; 4 nas I was gating, my memory flew l Tlong ago, when I'd pleasantly wasted srsJ-flrst with time I scarce knew neot to do. cool leafy lanes along which I'd oft wandered, strem where I' fished with compn nions so gay, old village school and its kind.hearted master, ,li0dy Pietured, as if 'twere to-day. Ah happy times ire, alas! gone for ever; oh be would I give to be young once again- . e same pleasures to meet the same comrades ! , na, all suh wishes wll ever be vain. . J. STocKS, Lambeth.
META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 6.-Beside the open casement, thinking, dreaming, I sit and gaze into the silent night, While Luna 'midst the fleeting clouds is gleaming, And flooding field and forest with her light. Afar, from depths of distant hills outspringing The streamlet winds-a glitt'ring first of gold; And glorious Philomel is sweetly singing- Atchool Atchoo l Ithink i've cuughtfresh cold!I The fragrant zephyrs, whisp'ring, sobbing, sighing, People the woods with weird, mysterious sound, Or mayhap, now that man asleep is lying, The wood says dance their mystic lasts around, Unnoticed save by yon grey owl that's sitting In wond'ring silence on the pine's tall top, Or whoops as o'er their revelries he's flitting- Ough Ough ! I wish this wretched cough would stop! And greyer grows the light as dawn advances, And clearer grows the outline of yon hill; The sprightly says have ceased their mystic dances- Of fairy gambols they have had their fill. How beautiful is day in earliest dawning I How gloriously the clouds are tinged with red ! Ow I Ow I I've got an awful fit of yawning I Oh, lor I I think I'd better get to bed 1 S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRR. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 7.-In primals you will find displayed A great and noble thing, In search of which wise men have strayed, And aye its praises sing. In finals also thou wilt see A thing of power great; By some it's valued more than I Could ever estimate. Undoubtedly it is a boon Of it to be possessed; Though far as earth is from the moon, So far is primals best. Cross Words. I never could be first or neat, Especially about my feet. A hero this, of mighty fame; In Shakespeare you will finud his name. From number three, it seems to me, We very often get our tea. * A thing that ladies often wear When they desire to be fair. In last you may with pleasure view What every person eats. Adieu I PucK, Ballymena. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-Mephistopheles sat in his first-backed chair, And he called for his goblet of fire so rare. " I see," said he, " you've been out on the spree; We're the jolliest demons that ever can be. But though gay, we won't shirk our demoniac work, So bring in my list," said this jolly old Turk. First writhing and squirming in mad indigestion Came the demon Dyspepsia, solemn and slow. Said Mephisto, " Now answer, I pray you, this question : Are you idle at all ?" Said the demon, "Oh, no. Though Christmas is over, quite busy I've been, What with mystery sausages, bad butterine, American mutton, machine-made fresh eggs, And temperance drinks that knock folks off their legs, Bad beer, sanded sugar, tinned milk, and the rest; I'm exceedingly busy, it must be confessed." Next came demon Riot and skeleton Death; They walked in together, and spoke in one breath: " We're busy just now, for all Europe is arming; The state of affairs up above is alarming. We've invented a new nitro-glycerine shell- It's called ' pepper.box,' and the name suits it well; It knocks down a fortress, then goes on again, Fires twelve dozen shots-to stop it is vain. If it bursts near a man, it will send him to-well, Where it sends him just now we're too busy to tell." "'Tis well," said Mephisto; "in destruction we revel; Just call in my chum, whose name's Robert the -. He writes for the ' T.'-it's an excellent caper; Lot all else go to wrack, yet we'll spare Young Folks Paper. When the world goes to pot, we'll the Ed. bring below, And set up a press of bur own. Ho, ho, ho!" With this laugh I awoke with a next through my dream, For I'd slept with my head in a pail of ice cream. I hope what I've last you you'll find justifiable, So no more at present from ROBERT LE DIABLE. 9.-Sure, One of the Forty Must be rather haughty To write as he (P) did t'other week' At least, he is naughty, For, riddlers, now, ought he In terms so inveigling to speak ? Though I won't malign it, Yet, as he won't sign it, He cannot think much of his name' Yet thinks that a sonnet, Well written, upon it, Would bring the first author to fame. Then notice him say That be's certain, some day, Ere a year has passed in its round, He will next some one's pen, Who will write, and- But then They will not waste time, I'll be bound. Nor shall my soaring fame E'er add aught to his name, I flatter myself I know better; I'd as soon think of winking, Or naughty words thinking, Or of adding "Postscript" to a letter. Why, what's that I hear ? You say that you fear I'm the very last person to flout him. I swore not to do- But, my gracious, 'tis true- I myself have just written about him I PELHAM, Wandsworth, 10.-Oh, Tommy, please feel in my primal, And in it a second you'll see. Now, Tommy, be off like a final, And bring it here safely to me. CA IRA, Edmonton, 11.-" First you nexst third the school to-day '" My father said to me; " Fourth; I require to stay at home And work ;" andfifth did he. J. R. RoBERTSON, Motherwell. REVERSIONS. IA word which read backward forms another word.) 12.--This con, is a sort of cup Of letters only three; Reverse, and a sticky liquid You will surely see. H. CARTER. 13.-My .first is a colnur; just turn it about, Then a master of song you will quickly find out. T. NixoN, Dudley Colliery.
ENIGMAS. 14.-I'm born in ev'ry wailing of the wind; I lurk in ev'ry sighing of the sea; In ev'ry gentle breeze a home I find. And ev'ry gale that blusters harbours me. When roars the lion hungering for prey, 'Tis I that spreads around the wild alarm ; And packs of wolves ne'er yelp at close of day But I give warning of the coming harm, I dwell where sounds the horrid din of war, Groan with the dying, but desert the dead; And ev'ry cannon's boom sends me afar To fill the country.side with quaking dread. In concert-halls and theatres, 'tis plain That without me your pleasures would be few; For I as king of harmony must reign, So long as I am I and you are you. At midnight hour, as you, with sleepless eyes, Have in your chamber restlessly reclined, I've filled you oft with startled, wild surprise, And hinted danger to your timid mind. PHILo, Dundee. 15.-I'm given, stolen, lost, and lent, I'm often hoarded, often spent; I'm sometimes buried in the earth, Though 'tis from thence I take my birth. I'm said to have a head and tail, I'm now a female, now a male; I'm sometimes even angel styled, Yet given to a peasant child. I'm tossed, exchanged in cot and hall, In ev'ry trader's mart or stall; In service true I grey have grown, Until my number was unknown. I'm found or carried on the deck Of many a vessel, ship, and wreck; When quite outworn I cease to roam, And for an outfit hasten home. J. LEIGH AND V. D. TAYLa,. 16.-I hurry on, I'm never late, The soul of punctuality; The rich and poor both know my gait- All have the same equality. I rush along, speed in my wings-- Afar, a crowd runs after me; I hear their voice as each one sings, "Stay, stay; no further from me flee I" Yet there are some, my masters they, Who always keep their pace with mine; My every call they do obey, And, doing so, their deeds outshine. S. MILLS, Birmingham, 17.-Is light and dark, Is true and bright; Will wash and mark, And change at night. G. W. HAYMAN. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second. Triptich. 18.-Mortals vain conceive wild fancies, Roaming on pale Dreamland's shore, Dreaming fickle Fortune's glances Portend happy days in store. Build not hope upon a vision- Let such ne'er obscure thy goal; Though the scenes may be Elysian, Dreams, in truth, are ever whole. First Word. Every man's of bread the winner, Children merry to be nursed; Yet, if he'd provide a dinner, With his gun, sir, he must first. Second Word. An adjective which means innate; Duty mine 'tis now to " flit" From the " Tournament" so merry, From the riddler's second wit. V. D. TAYLOR, Warringt6n. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is cllauged, to form another word In the narrative.) 19.-I see in the western distance The beautiful sunset die, And I watch the grey clouds sailing Over the azure sky, Alas I like the sunset faded, The light of my life has flown, And the shadows deepen round me As I stand by the sea alone. 0 beautiful faded sunset, O murmuring waves of the sea, My heart is so restlessly longing For a peace that is not for me I LILIAN M. K. DOUGLAS, Camberwell. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-I sat within my room, a garret bare, Gazed through my casement window, one foot square, And yearned for peace. I tried to think: my brain Still turned to this again- " When will that primal cease ?" Within the deep recesses of the wood, Haply, thought I, peace dwells with solitude; Vain was the thought. A keeper barred my way, And yelled, most viciously, " At last, vile poacher, caught I" Beneath the glorious canopy of night, Where sparkled many a constellation bright, I thought to find Balm for a weary mind. The thought was vain; I next, for on my ear- Nerve-shatt'ring sound I-I hear Some am'rous cat's refrain. PATRnCK S., Belfast. 21.-I start with v, And end with e, By riddlers often made am I. In Y. F. P. You oft see me, Solvers, to find this please do try. And when found out, Shift it about, I know that you will see A certain word That's often heard. But if transposed again I be, To cut away You'll view, I say; And now my con is done. E. LEIDHOLD, 22.-A beast well known I am, you'll own; Now, riddlers, please transpose, Of your body a part ('Tis not your heart) You'll see 'twill then disclose. SILVER STONE. MONOPHONE. (Words of differenmt meaning but thesame in sound.) 23.-If I only had some mioohey, Wouldn'tfirst be glad I I:would give a nex~t or two To be a wealthy lad. A. R, S., Dublin.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another, expressed in the narrativeJ. 24.-They were strolling along in the moonlight, He felt that the time had arrived To know whether she would consent to Become that for which he had strived. He loved her, and thought that she knew it, And so he determined outright To ask her. He started, in terror, " My dove, what-a beautiful night I" She turned and looked at him in wonder, He stammered and turned very red; His courage had failed, and, poor fellow I He'd put t'other question instead. But now no more fears-he'd determined His fate he would learn very soon : " My darling, you know that I-don't you ?-d Well-really, just look at the moon I" She turned-took his hand; he felt funny: " Augustus, I know what you'd say; But as you've not courage to do so, I will-I am yours from this day." Augustus then kissed her (wise fellow I): She deserved it-I think so, don't you ? They since have been married, and nowhere Could you hunt out a happier two. T. ROYSTON, Jarrow. PALINDROMES. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 25.-W-hole was once my sweetheart, And I loved her so ! But the maid deceived me, And her conduct grieved me, So I let her go. For with Jones she flirted When I was away; Chocolate he gave her All to gain her favour (Just his sneaking way). When I once more sought her, She was cold as see; I her freedom gave her, And I wouldn't have her Now at any price. QUEEIE, Chester, 26.-This is a dismal day- The weather's changed again; The rain has swamped the roads, The country's like a fen. The whole pathways, once bright with flowers, Now trackless, wet, and foul, one sees; Nor comes to glad the weary hours Sweet music from the forest trees. The sheep go bleating 'neath the hedge, The horse no longer prances free; No plants bloom on the window ledge, Deserted is the soaking lea. Holiday sounds are hushed in gloom, And all is dismal as the tomb; Naught but the rain's drip, drip, is heard, Or low chirp of some homeless bird. J. W. TAYLOR, DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 27.--Dear riddlers, pray to this attend. My first, you'll find, will mean an end; Delete my first, and then, I ween, A measure will be surely seen. Delete again, what comes to view Is an article well known to you; Kindly erase one letter more, A preposition's this, I'm sure; If you once more will lessen me, A personal pronoun then you'll see. H. F. FARina, CHARADE. (FPormed on a word oaoih syllable of whioh is a word.) 28.-Sweet first, you darling friend of mine, Your laurel wreath is growing I O'erpowered will be that brow of thine, If more leaves in thy wreath they twine, Still praise on you bestowing. Ah, well I Your verselets brightly gleam Like second in the gloaming, Or white star shine; full oft 'twill seem My whole I gather in a dream, When through your fancies roaming. MADEIRA, LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perlect word after each oporatlon.l 29.-My first is used at dinner-time, And in many colours seen; Behead, no doubt both you and I At school have often been. Change head, and then I show a friend Which ever true should be; Behead, transpose, a beverage You surely now may see. ANNIE SMITH, Gresley, 0.,-A riddler's name my first will be- You're sure to find it in the " T.;" Two central letters change, transpose, A riddler's name it will disclose. J. BIRRELa , Belfast.