RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRAMS. (Change the aecond letter ofi a word to form another word.)
1.-Beside a first there grew a floweret small, With petals of a glorious, heavenly hue, In its sweet innocence surpassing all That near it grew. 'Twas eve, and calm and bright the pallid moon Shone on two youthful figures, side by side, Unthinking, in their love, that all too soon Death would divide. A slender maiden she, with hair of gold, A lovely girlish face, and graceful mien; While he, a handsome, stalwart warrior bold As e'er was seen. " Ah, love," said he, " set me some trying task That I may be last worthy of thy love; That I may in thy smiles for ever bask, And nobler prove." " Well, sir," the maid repliedl. with laughing voice. " Thou seest yon flower that grows ieside the mere : Since to win lasting favour he thy choice, Go, bring it here." In eager haste her wishes to obey, He stooped and graspeI the floweret in his hand; But ere he from the spot could step away, A piece of land Relaxed beneath his footsteps' heavy tread, And direful thoughts his burning brain did feel, For well he knew that he would soon be dead, And cold, and still! Close by her feet, upon the mossy bank, He threw the flowers-ah ! mournful was his lot- And cried, as from her sight he quickly sank, " Forget me not!" The story spread, and many people came From near awl far to view the fatal spot; And since that day the floweret gained the name, " Forget-me-.nt." 3IAiuIoN L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2.-Sunset glory fills the weit, Snuset clouds of ruby crest, Hills of glowing gold and red; Down the clear, melodiaus stream Floats, as calm as in a dream, The bark of Lady Winifred. At the velvet-cushioned prow, Sits, with calm and placid brow, Happy Lady Winitred, Drifting, drifting with the stream, Living-in the magic dream That, airy-castled, firsts her hea l, Such your life as yet hath been, Tranquil, flowing, and serene, Following where fancy led; Floating down a singing stream, Aimlessly as in a dream, Careless Lady Winifred. Hark! what sounds next on the ca. I Sounds exciting dread and fear- The rushing of a cataract; Strive against th' onbearing stream, 'Tis no time to idly dream, Leave your revelries and act. Lady Winifred, behind Your smooth-flowing life you'll find Rapids dangerous and strong. Can you thus for ever dream Idly down life's busy stream, To a gentle, lulling song ? Turn, oh ! turn your mind aside, Follow not tli' alluring tide, Form a loftier ideal ; T,eave your aimless, fancy dream; Itise and cope with life's strong stream ; Quit the unreal for the real. AMY IOEHMER, Shornclifle. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 3.-The Ed. declares his files are " lean !" Oh, riddlers, we must haste To fill them up. You cannot mean Your time so long to waste ! But write some cons., and send away As quickly as you can. I'll write one now-this very day- It's time that I begau. We first the " Tournament" to be As famous as of old, So, clever ladies, join with me, And riddling heroes bold, In keeping up its honoured last, Which famed for years has been. Oh, may the time be quickly past When files were " very lean!" LOTTIE W. 4.-Some authors have, ere now, first folk's attention By writing of a 'ouny soldier lad, While some will d well upon a new invention, And others nearly drive their readers mad By telling of a fearful apparition, Whose head was carried underneath its arm, And seemed to much enjoy this strange position, Although it caused the people great alarm. Another one will write of scenes in battle, Where Corporal Lascelles would never yield; Minutely will describe the cannon's rattle, And picture dead and dying on the field. Perhaps he may discourse on sailors jolly, Who second lovely maidrns in distress; And in return the Nancy, Meg, or Polly Would wed them, as you'd naturally guess. But I should like to make a new sensation, A grand and startling plot that wouldl create A thrill of pleasure throughout all the nation. IBut that, alas ! will never be my fate. I may write riddles (very mediocre), I may, perchance, an essay try to pen; But as a wit, a ]poet, or a joker, I never shall be reckoned amonur men. W. 1)D. PICsErRIa-;. VOWEL CHANGE. 5.--Whilst walking through a pretty seaside town, Some weeks ago, I paused to seek for rest Close by a wayside house that seemed to crown The charming scene around with noble crest. My roving eyes, by some delightful chance, Gleamed for an instant through an open pane, When such a curious picture met the glance, That, stopping short, I sought the spot again. A youth was bending o'er the kitchen floor, With woeful horror written on his face; Beside his feet, stretched out against the door, A dead grimalkin lay in stony grace. " My darling cat, with hand upon thy brow, I call down primal vengeance on that foe Whose cruel hand hath crushed for always now That noble life whose true worth none can know; For ever silent is that brilliant voice Which once thrilled every heart-but his next door; No longer shall we in its charms rejoice, When silent Night our earth is bending o'er. But, sweetest cat, this one request I make: That thy dread form may haunt both night and day Thy wretched foe-may cause his soul to quake With terror till his very locks turn grey." Thie night had come. Outside the honse next door I Fott3y stood, anid sought the win:dow-pane; Within and crouching wildly on the floor, " That neighbour" knelt, and. as I looked again. Approaching him I saw a second form, With glassy eyes fixed on the trembling man. The face-so cat.like-seemed with rage to storm, And half across the spacious room to span, Behold! as on the man's distorted face The firelight shone, his ruddy hair turned grey; And, as the phantom neared his resting-place, O'ercome with fear, he fainted right away I A moral now to wiser men and flats: Whate'er yon do, don't try to poison eats. F. G. Wrsn, Southwaxrk.
CHAHADES. (Formed on a word elach syllable of which is a ord 6.-When during lirst the last is loudly heard, Vague fears within our anxious hearts arise Whilst clouds and seas to turbulence are isrre, And lightnings flash across the gloomy skl~s' Second our friends we love, whose path in life Is where they battle with th'e stormy tide We feel a hope that they'll escalpe the strilf,, Though far from home, on calmer waters glbde - Whilst cheered by Hope, the furious winds aba, The rude and angry billows cease to roll, The queculy moon resumes her silent state, Anu sleep's sweet sere,,ade comes frorm toy . I. C:. LovELESS, 5Birw utg 7.-I am so glad when second comes, For then my brother Jack I see; He's seldom home with those he lures, For a jolly Jirst is he. At night I always pray that Jack May have a pleasant timelll at be.; And when the sunny iThole comes hack, He may be safely sent to nle. T. LRobsros, Biiruingham 8.-Once more I sing a simple little so:,.. Ouce more I view this happy, laghn111 throe.. (luce more I placs a small first befor, you, And t.o solve it I almost implore you ; My last is whole, and in the earh descried. And there by you, friends, it may i,'e l.",1. VW. CARITER, lBirLnLgim. 9.-My rirst in the meadow is seen; Part of a pronoun now fiud; Go into a bakehouse, I ween, My third will then come to your mind. If you should join these parts aright, A famed composer will comue to sight. WV. NOLA., 210nmcl, 10.-Old Farmer Brown went out to lir.t; For rrecod showed much love, thley say; In consequence required my v'oele To help him home at break of day. DELETION. I roe an letter from the word enosen, leaving anno:h,.i word 11.-Fvrste on a tyme, a donahty kuygiht IUne ye " Tournament" would sbyne, Where clerkes wytli penne and inuk due tghlte A battel brave and syne. Son. toe hys wrytinge-deske bee yode, And syne hbee takes hys penue, And wryteth vyrse yclept an ode: The lynes hee wrytes bee teune. Than that bee caune noe fat ther goe, And dowre and grimme hee loikes ; Blee cannotte rouns- ye muse, and soue Betaketh hym toe bookes. And whenne that bee hath searched long Amioni those clerkely tomes, BHee fyudes ye next requnyred. Hys song flee ends and sygnes Ti. I OLUEt ENIGMA. 12.-I'm found in each and every one; I'm found in every clime ; l'm seen in prose and poetry, And always seen in rhyme; I'm found within each story.book; I'm seen in every age; I'm found within the " Letter-! hox" Of Young Folks' riddling pace: I'm found deep hidden in the earth; I'm found within the sea. And now, kind riddlers. solve tins cou., And say what I may be. 1)EAtrS 11i'r DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving anoter word.) 13.--Billy's pa was in a passion, Sp.-ke to Billy in this fashion . " Why the dickens spend your cash on Stuff like this ? Why don't you buy-er- Something better ? Throw the trash on This here fire!" Billy did so, with a sigh, sir, Then he stammered, " I-I-I cer- Certainly couldn't wish for nicer Reading than that which first fed The fire; and now what shall I buy, sir, In its stead ?" Then that father's wrath subsided; Listen to his words, last I did: "" Littcr.at.-our age l-eb, why did You not laugh ?-one of my jokes!" Then to Billy lie reply did: "Buy oung h Folks!" AacHrim B., Kentish Tort'. 14.-Through the Sahara's yielding sands The Prophet's troops are marching on, To gain first wide and rightful lauds By foreign soldiers erewhile won. And as they marched they raised the song, " To Allah praise and power belong." " Praise be to Kourassin! our Prophet anl chief, Whose spirit shall flourish for aye I Twine, twine round his temples the myrtle's green le:- Commingled it shines with the bay. " For our homes and our kindred we march: totbefrai. And though Azrael beside us shall stand, We shall live in the glory of history's day, We shall live in the songs of our land. " Then raise to Kourassin the chorus so wild, Let the breezes its echoes prolong ; The lpride of the desert, Sahara's brave child, Is the hope and the theme of our s ,ug." Upon his car the Prophet. stands And gazes o'er the sterile sands; He gazes on the surging host That in the distance dim are lost ; His heart with pride next brim:miig: o'r, And hears its chorus evermore : " God send him vict'ry! send him joy! Sahara's proud and warlike boy." 15.-" Go. Jim, as quick as you can run, And fetch my ,oua ,le-barrel gtfu , To shoot that horrid noisy bird: And cartridges, pray bri;g a th:rd." Jim ran and did as he was toll. I think that tirst I nicely sold; For when I fired, off few his le.a, Which stopped his last-I shut hii ifeal. CURTAIL3MENT. (Drop the final letter of a world. leacring another r. d..1 16.-The raging lion prowls around The forest wilds by night, Prepared to chase and run to grouud All foes that meet his sight. The antelope and shrinking deer Flee from him far away; But with his mighty sweeping stride, He brings each one to bay. With deadly stroke he bears first down Beneath his crushing weight, Then bears it next.ward to his den, To meet its cruel fate. F. . _.J ~a.r