RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL ADDITION, (Add a letter to the centre of a word to make annth...
1.-Mrs. Green, of Camden Town, " __ I've resided long with you And with pleasure Peter Browa Pays the tribute justly due. Since the day when first I came And engaged the second floor, You have ever been the same, And I've nothing to deplore. Some unpleasantness there's been, Caused by fellow-lodgers' jokes; But I blame not Mrs. Green For the sins of other folks. And since I've this dwelling known, I most gratefully assert You have regularly sewn Buttons on each Sunday shirt. You have never shown neglect To my socks-indeed, ma'am, they Always are, I recollect, Darned in an efficient way. And in ironing you excel, For I wear, with first delight, Collars that are starched so well, And so beautifully white. As a cook, I own with awe You've all culinary arts; And I really never saw Such delicious currant tarts I All your entres are sublime. And I heave a joyous sigh Every Thursday dinner.time, For I know there's beefsteak pie, All your virtues to reveal Ne'er shall I the art possess; But you'll understand I feel Vastly more than I express. I've been with you many years, And your smiling face to see In this pleasant room appears Gratifying, ma'am, to me. In the wide world I'm alone, And that corner by the fire I have last quite homely grown, And-oh, if I dare aspire ! Mrs. Green, of Camden Town, Let us journey side by side Till the Reaper mows us down; Be, oh, be your Peter's bride! F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. NARRATIVE OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrativeJ 2.-Oh, what a luckless wight I am I And was from, p'r'aps, my earliest minute; I never had a spoon of jam But Fortune put a powder in it. I never had a faw'rite spot, The theme of many a laboured sonnet, But "Jerry Buggins" and his lot Ran up a red-brick " villa " on it. Last evening I sought a "pub " With a congenial friend, Tom Bint; I ordered-but, ah, there's the rub-- We'll say, two twos of peppermint. 'Twas brought; the barman waited to Receive its fair equivalent, But having searched my pockets thlough, I found that I had not a cent. When leaving there I thought I 'spied In front of me the well-known figure Of an old friend, and, when beside, I slapped him on the back with vigour. It was a stranger I Vainly I Tried plea and threat, excuse and flattery; He called a policeman passing by, And charged me with assault and battery. And when in court, the gaoler swore, Despite my utter innocence. That I had been " had up " before For gross assaults on other gents. The magistrate glared on me then, And (passing sorrowful to tell) Not only fined me two pound ten, But reprimanded me as well! D. Geow. 3,-I stand alone upon the sandy shore, When Night has drawn her curtains o'er the sky; I listen to the wild waves' awful roar, And see them lift their foamy crests on high. I hear the distant sea-birds' frightful cry, I see the empty boats toss on the wave, I see the lights of steamers passing by, And pray for those who such a sea must brave. High o'er my head the spray is wildly blown To where, far inland, rock the leafy trees; Far o'er the waves the lighthouse-beams are throwiW That he who tosses od the stormy seas May fear not when the friendly light he.sees, But steer his ship aright into the bay, The suspense of his loved ones to appease, Turn fear to joy, and kiss their tears away. ScRIsBLE. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 4.-The first time that ever I crossed the Atlantic Was nearly the last, ay, as near as could be; For our first being old, She played every antic, And lurched like a drunkard with every sea. We were thirty days out, with but half a gale blowing, And three feet of water or so in our hold; And though from the pumps clear water was flowing, In the well it rose fast, as the cat penter told. We saw 'twas all up with the old Ann Eliza, And a next was proposed, but of course we'd the boat. Cried the skipper-there's never a braver or wiser- " Stand by with the galley, and get her afloat." We soon pulled away from the cranky old schooner, All knew that the end must be now very near; She was settling down last, lads, and very much sooner Than any expected her bows rose up clear. She hung for a minute and then she went under, And left us alone on the white-crested waves, While every sailor began now to wondr If we should be rescued, or find there our graves. I need not describe what we suffered together: For seven long days were we drifting about; h What with hunger and thirst, and exposure to weather, "'Tis a mercy of God that we all lived it out. We were picked up at last by the steamship Bellona, And resolved that in future we never would sail In a ship that was over.insured by its owner, And sent out to sink in the lst bit of galenill. F. PauwEl, Herna fill. BETAG RAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form anotlher w'ord.) 5.--First drives the engineo'er the iron rails- The giant ship across the mighty sea; To give us joy its presence seldom fails; That damage it does do you'll all agree. The tipsy swell, when driven home at night, Will quarrel oft about my seco.Ud sml; 'The front" for third I hasten to indita. Please find it from the hints I now let fl. G. A. JonEs, LiverpPo
)ELETION. -r0 letter from the word chosen, leaving another word,) 6,~ From the turmoil and the bustle Of the city's crowded streets, Where the breezes sofcly rustle Through the countrified retreats, Dwells a youth who quite a wit is, Strangely tall and very thin, Who delights in playing ditties On a brand-new mandoline. Heedless of his mother's sighing, Of his sister's tearful face, Heedless of the baby crying, Of his brother's broad grimace, Of his father's indignation, Of the sirs that shower in-- Blind to all discrimination, Plays he on that mandoline. From the dawning of the morning To the midnight's ghostly hour, Everybody's comfort scorning, With a most prolific power, bounds that fill each heart with sadness, Raising such a frightful din, Dotter, in his frantic madness, Plays upon that mandoline. Folks who hate the town's confusion, When their hours of labour cease, Yearning for the sweet seclusion, Hasten home to rest in peace; Bat their dreams of bliss are hazy, For, with many a fiendish grin, Dotter drives them almost crazy With his precious mandoline. To his office in the city Once the instrument he bore, Telling no one-moro's the pity- Of the last that was in store; And, oh, say 'tis not presumption If I call thea ct a sin, For he gave the clerks consumption, Playing on that mandoline. Some have gone to law about it, Drawing up a pretty bill I Some have-there's no need to doubt it- Taken lodgings at Rain Hill; Suicides are numb'ring dozens, And the district's growing thin, Through this one of many cousins And his precious mandoline. Judge him not in tones prophetic, O ye critics bland and mild ; Do not say he is seathetic, Though he seems a little wild; He may find exquisite beauty In a fearful noise and din, For he only does his duty To that famous mandoline. MAaoN L. TAYLoR, Birkenhead. ACROSTICS. ( wrd,or words. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 7.-One of the faithful friends of old I 'Tis joy to greet you once again; Oh, say with us you will remain I Your welcome name we'd still behold. Cross Words. A fruit is here, and of it you can make Nice jelly. But your teeth I think will ache It you attempt to bite this fruit when raw, For really you would be obliged to gnaw. A beast most strange-its horn is very queer; Please tell me when you meet one, riddlers dear. A fire is very cosy at this time; It's burning brightly as I write my rhyme. Fosrth faithful will I be to Y. F. P., And here I wish it much prosperity. Books that are this may please us now and then, But older friends I love to read again. This is a most unenviable state; To it our party never will give way. The consequences dire I will relate (I mean it we should really fall a prey To such'a thing): no riddles would be writ For "Tourney" page. What would become of it? To make a last unto this con. of mine Is now my task. Bethink you of a line Concerning " brevity." So, lest you find Me prosy, I will hasten to conclude. Good-bye to all the friends of riddling mood. LoTrrn W. Foundation Word. 8.-A nobleman of true, sterling worth, Whose noble deeds are ended on this earth. Mlourn, then, ye poor, for ye have lost a friend I IRejoice for him-his journey's at an end. We cry aloud, as o'er his life we scan, "This was a truly, truly noble man." Oross Words. They are sung by spirits bright, Welcoming with pure delight. 'Tis a glorious place above, Where are rest, and peace, and love, Seraphs hovering on the wing, Messengers of their great King. Daisies pale are often seen Where the grass is fresh and green. 'Neath its welcome shade I sat; With its leaves I decked my hat. In that garden all was fair" Until sin first entered there. Sometiines beautiful and blue, Sometimes grand and cruel, too. Hark, how its deep boomings swell Like the sounding of a knell I Used by most on rainy days, Or to shield from burning rays. Pink, and red, and white are there- What a perfume fills the air ! Thoughts of death may fill your mind When at last this tree you find. EDITH K. RNDLE· . CHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh sy!lbUle of which is a. word.) .'The sailor stands upon the heaving deck, While Boreas sweeps in gusts and eddies round; Though wild myfrst, the tar will little reck : His thoughts are far away-he's homeward bound. Re gazes o'er the miles of watery waste To where the lowerine syv mnd s-mt¢,- miooit
as if to bid the boundig vessel haste W- ... Tohome, and friends, and next, and transport sweet. is rmusing deep receives a sudden check- lo man the whole he has been called and found; But though his dream has passed he'll little reek, For C~-~1 he knows the ship is homeward bound. J. A. B. !0You need no introduction to my primal, For even now-it is within your view; In next-distributing some give their time, all In hopes, at least, some little good to do. And should you lotal any undertaking, A partnership or matrimonial tie, Be careful that you no mistake are making, Which .might be dificult to rectify.. J. A. UaassaLL, Keanington.
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-Harry and Charlie, the scamps of the village, Were passing the public.honse door As old Sammy Giles was heard inside declaring (tHe'd done si st of times quite a score) That of ghosts he had never in his time been frightened, For he'd not encountered one yet; But he vowed to the company that he'd belabour The very first one that he met. "Now, I say, look here, Charlie," said Harry, "this evening We'll test his veracity, eh? Let us both dress in white, and repair to the field That he passes, and hide by the hay. And as he comes along, with his head rather muddled, We'll dart out when he's unaware. What d'ye say ?" And his friend with a laugh acquiesces ; So gaily they last to prepare. 'Tis near midnight as Giles, after leaving the " public," Unsteadily reaches the rick, When our ghosts, with a groan, raise their arms right before; But Giles, with a laugh, lifts his stick, And with force lays about their poor hands, legs, and shoulders Till wildly for mercy they shriek. And he only desists when they faithfully promise To ne'er again practise the freak. In the "public," next evening, Sam manfully boasts Of how he " laid" completely a couple of ghosts; While at home the same " ghosts" to each other declare That in white they will ne'er again go anywhere. T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. 12.-A disapproval this declares Of what is said or done By public men in State affairs, Where fame in faction's won. The actor, too, upon the stage, May blunder in his part; And some who are not over sage May it to wound his heart, Though from his own sense of the slip Enough pain he may feel; So ready man the chance to grip To wound when he might heal. My next's a token of respect; 'Tis prompted by the heart Where love is couched, and take effect May when friends meet or part. And when the luvc.' , tongue denies His heart's fond tale to say, He on its magic power relies The message to convey Unto the maid within whose breast May lie the hidden power To make his future day possessed Of many a gladdened hour. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. ARITIIMOREM. (An aorostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Fouadation Word. 13.-Let us give three cheers, in tones of gladness, Bauishing sorrow, care, and sadness; Though Summer has gone, we will n _ mourn, For pleasant Autumn is in its dawn. Then three hurrahs I-lot none of us slumber- For primal day and the current number. Cross Words. 1,004 and psspss A noted river this will bring to view; Its name, I'm certain, is well known to you. 52 ,, raugerrty This means a deviation from a rule; At least, 'twas so when I last went to school. 100 ,, qurote A former fashionable out-door game, Yet now we hardly ever hear its name. 1,000 ,, eho The dearest spot on all the earth is this; And you all think and say the same, I wis. 1,000 ,, saas This town in British Burmah you will see; Is chiefly noted for its trade in tea. 551 ,, eo Nextis an ancieutRoman magistrate, Who flourished- Really I for- get the date. 201 ,, a A flowering shrub that blossoms in the spring, And casts a fragrance over every. thing. 1,050 ,, eo An animal that burrows in the ground; Also a natural spot and a small mound. 151 ,, raet A part of speech, now called by a new name, Although its use and functions are the same. 201 ,, oors Lastly, a noxious wind in Italy; And now good-bye.-Yours truly, MAGIE D. ENIGMA. 14.-I am the centre of the stars, The end of all the sea; Beginning of the air am I- You in all gas find me. In age I always rank as first, Though unto time unknown; In quartz I always find a home, Yet cannot live in stone. I, in the Grecian alphabet, Am found as lirst and last; The Romaus gave to me a place, When by the Greeks outcast. To man I give a helping hand, The same to woman do; Yet men and women never did My form with favour view. TINY. CONUNDRU M. 15.-Dear friends, can you this question solve ? What part of every face Will name the plural of a flower That's rather commonplace ? F. PHIL.IPS, Maottingham.