RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM.
l.-'Tis the glorious Fifth-the Fifth of November, The time for the firing of powder and shot I And now once again we are told to remember That worst of all treasons, the Gunpowder Plot. So, while we are gazing with joy on the lighted, Far-upspringing rocket or catherine.wheel, We'll show how our monarchs of old oft requited Those traitors who plot for the life of the leal. A number of rebels, together conspiring, Sought hard to annihilate James and the State By rfirst !) in a moment a magazine firing, Thus hurling to death many noblemen great. But a Parliament lord, the Earl of Mounteagle, Receiving a letter of warning and threat, Soon placed it in hands from whence reaching the regal King James, was then promptly and properly met. Guy Fawkes, upon whom the grave duty devolving Of firing the fusee, was caught in the act; The rest of the next to all quarters dissolving, Were punished with death when successfully tracked. So long let us shout on this Fifth of November, As fireworks new beauties disclose to our eyes, "Though Parliament's safe as a last, we'll remember To keep up the bonfires, to keep up the guys I" Nos NAIEo TRANSPOSITION. 2.-I am so thirsty-are not you ? Well, first will soon be here. Pray stay and take a cup with me, And next some cake, my dear. Lorris W., Brighton. LOGOGRI IPH. 3.-Of course my greeting is but metaphorical When I begin by saying, " How d'ye do P" And now, with all the wisdom of an oracle, I'll here unfold my subject unto you. Suppose Diogenes had his first residence Reversed, a second then would come to view, And unto second I would give the precedence, Although there's great resemblance 'twixt the two. Then if small boys the second's roof had taken off, And placed another in its stead, 'tis plain Diogenes this fact could not have shaken off- A human habitation he would gain. And did those naughty boys third's centre change, 'twould be By transformation wonderful and queer, A roof alone, and, though it really strange would be, A roof which on his cranium might appear I Then, had he been informed by his thermometer 'Twas cold, Diogenes would soon have seen Fourth's centre changing like a new barometer, Till very warm instead it would have been. And if for breakfast bacon was a rarity, He'd only have to alter fifth's small tail, And thereby find both pork and popularity, To gain which wondrous things like this can't fail. Now, had Diogenes performed each miracle Told here, his fame would last for aye; but those Strange works are (pray, don't fancy I'm satirical) All qualified by that small word " suppose.'" F. R. CouLsoN, Bow, CENTRAL CHANGE. 4.-Ah, yes ! this is a world of pain and sin, A world in which no being can be happy, For when he walks upon a collar flap he Doth often tumble in I First I am joyful, for my breast is torn By no dark sorrow, black as chimney's soot. Confound it I Oh.h.h I Some fellow's put his foot Upon my tend'rest corn I "The world is full of partings." Unto that Assertion I will stick, though cynics scoff. See, as I speak, the wind doth carry off My second guinea hat ! Oft what we value most cruel Fate sees fit To take, though in an iron chest we lock it. Lo I some one just pnrloined from my pocket My all-a threepenny bit! MunoGINS AND JUGGoINS, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 5.-The sunset glories fade, Swiftly they fade and die, And night's approaching shade Is stealing o'er the sky. Now, through the twilight dim The bats are circling round, Like spirits dark and grim, From Hades' fearful ground. The flowers droop their heads As night draws on apace, And on the violet beds The dewdrops leave their trace. AspEwn ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 6.-What joyous sound is that which breaks the stillness of the air- A sound so sweet that music can unto it ne'er compare ? 'Tis primals pouring forth his lay with sweetness rich and rare, Who comes to raise our minds above this world so full of care. Cross Words. O Nature I on thy charms I first to gaze, And next thy simple beauties love to praise, To see the third arrayed in colours bright Does constitute a charm unto my sight; And when gay songsters on the scene appear, Their songs of gladness how I love to hear, And often praise those tiny, feathered throats Whenthey pour forth their sweet, enchanting notes I Give me these charms; next those of city gay, Which, I opine, such beauties ne'er display. T. S. SHarUL CONUNDRUM. 7.-I here propose a little con., And answer if you can: Why is the simple letter S Just like a broker's man P KInGe CaEwDn', METAGRAM. 8.-Yes, he was a faithful comrade, And I put my trust in him; But he had some curious notions, And his humour aye was grim. Primal was his name, and often Life and property he'd save; But he ne'er got proud or haughty, Though the folk would o'er him rave. If there ever was a second, He was one-oh, yes, he was! If he'd fight-'twas very seldom- It was in an upright cause. But one night, I well remember, Cold upon the ground we lay, Crouching eloser to each other, Waiting for the break of day. Frost was hard-glass under final, And the wind did howl and moan; Then my dog, my gallant primal, Died without a yelp or groan. CENTRAL DELETION. 9.-My first is a part of your face, And often you use it, no doubt; Delete, and you'll see then, I'm sure, An insect that oft flies about. F. W. MaILe. CHARADE. 10.-I am total of a subject, which you'll own is very queer I am total of a final, though his name it was not Lear. I am total he was primal; I am studying his name, And if I tell the same to you, be not total I'm to blame. Now, Rogerpodgerpinkum is a name which seems absurd, Yet not so bad as Boneewoneehankypankybird. That was my " bonee" final's name, as sure as I'm alive; He married a tall, "bonees" maid, and they had children five. T. STosn.
CURTAILMENT. 11.-A ladye sat by the water's brink, Where the lilies grow, And the sun in the west began to sink; Still the ladye fayre Stayed dreaming there, Till the evening breezes did softly blow, Then she slowly rose and prepared to depart To her home afar, When a savage roar thrilled with fear her heart, And from out its den Came a drzagon then. Whilst she wildly shrieked for second papa. Still, with many a dreadful growl and snort, Which made her quiver With fear, the monster its vast form brought Still nearer, and she, Wildly striving to flee, Rushed blindly into the cold, dark river. To the fatal spot now there dashed a knight- In a moment more The dragon third slew with his rapier bright, Then plunged in the tide, When the maid third spied, And bore her back to the friendly shore. But the brave first's efforts to rouse the fair Were, alas I in vain, For silent and cold lay the maiden there, And no more for him Beam those eves so dim, For their love-light n;ill ne'er shine forth again. NELLIE C., Bow. MONOPIIONE. 12.-I purchased Young Folks No. 5.-63, And my garments in impotent fury I tore 'em, And wept o'er the "Tournament" columns first see My own name there rendered, O Binstead I by thee, " Adcockalorum 1" Oh, Binstead, 'twas really next bad of you quite, Thus sadly first outrage all rules of decorum, And my dignity put, with that word, unto flight, E'en as an extinguisher puts out the light- " Adcockalorum I" The extent of my sorrows you never can know, And Gilead's balm you can never pour o'er 'em, For when forth I wander, wherever I go, A crowd of small boys sing, in melody low, "Adcockalorum 1" I languish and sigh, as I think of each wrong I have suffered, but, oh, it is vain first deplore 'em I But soon I'll go far from the maddening throng, And you'll hear of the recluse who lives in Hong-Kong- "Adcockalorum I" Third hundred years hence-I'm prepared first affirm it- All tourists may see, I can boldly assure 'em, The broken-down hut where, as some people term it, Once " hung out" the grey-bearded, bald-headed hermit, "Adcockalorum I" A,. ST. J. ADCOCK. ARlITHMOREM. Foundation VWords. 13,-Dear friend, to see thee thrust the riddling lance " With that rare skill peculiar to thee, Doth really make our hearts with lleasure dance- Right proud we are thy name each week to see. The very top of Fortune's hill, perchance, Thou still mayst reach by working manfully. Then say, while we sincerely grasp thy hand, For years to Come by us thou'lt firmly stand. Cross Words. 1,051 and bert This drum's quite a rattler; 1,105 ,, thoear One over your station; 2,501 ,, yron A rough kind of battler; 1,103 , twts A 'cute observation; 1,001 ,, snank To you he's related; 1,507 ,, pronet Not making provision 1,152 ,, stana As magic it's rated; 1,252 ,, yoat The cause of derision; 1,150 ,, hoke A plant that's a poison; 1,051 ,, ben Quite active and bounding; 1,161 ,, sataneoDon't carry such noise on I 1,101 ,, norat Fantastic, astounding. PRICE ann DE BEAB. OMIE GR AM. 14.-Friend, thy thoughtful, loving token Shames the heart that once was thine; More than eloquence is spoken In thy birthday valentine. When our friendly links were shattered, I repulsed all thoughts of thee; Oft, I first, to you it mattered Little what became of me. Such, alas I is human blindness, When all selfish thoughts extend, Failing aye to see the kindness Of a true and faithful friend. On thy tender gift I'm gazing, Wreaths of summer flowers I see, Where the daisy's last is raising With sweet whisperings of thee. Could you think of one who ever Failed to pierce thy noble mind, One who with a bold endeavour Left thee and proved so unkind? Hearts may beat in rapture ever, And joy's cup may overflow; My heart beats with one endeavour To assuage thy useless woe. Must I then be vainly pleading ? Shall forgiveness now be mine ? Friend, my weary heart is bleeding, Through thy autumn valentine. Faithful friend, I breathe a blessing, As my thoughts go back to thee. Large thy heart to be caressing All the tender thoughts of me. T. W. Krromna. LOGOGRIPH. 15.-Invert what streams and rivers do, A fierce wild beast will come to view; Curtail, transpose, a bird you'll see That cries at night in tower and tree; Now please transpose, so I command, You'll find what's neither high nor grand; If you curtail-don't hesitate- An interjection last will state. DinaA R. O'D. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 16.-" What are you doing there, Master Tate ? Now, you're drawing, sir, upon your slate. Come up here with it directly, please. Tomkins, from teasing those cats pray cease! "And you are laughing there, Johnny Swales, Is your neighbour Jack telling you tales? In school hours school lessons should be done. Come here-explain the cause of the fun." "Well, sir, I'm sure it was all Jack's fault. He said a bird could be caught with calt; Stealing close to it, you could not fail, If you did but lodge it on its tail." "Hold I" quoth the master. "Do you not know, If you come so close, the bird would go? The saying is stale, though it's not true. When you had failed, he'd have laughed at you." TE BROTHERa D. DECAPITATION. 17,-My whole will make the staff of life, On which are fed both ma' and wife; Decapitate, and then behold The very opposite of cold Behead again-oh, what a treat! You who are hungry come and eat. R, CAa, Wolsingham-