IDD)LE TOURNAMENT. META-OMEGRAM.
gethe irst and last letters of a word to form another word.) is in the Western Isles, O'ern by rivers three; r the raned kirk, through the glen defiles, The1e rivers flow to the sea. t as the chief of the Western Isles, He strode before the tide, ile his lady daughter, beeft of smiles, Walked trembling by his side. ehind. her favourite tiring-maid And her little boy page were there; hen sudden a far-off carillade ,Broke the silent morning air. Ha,b al" laughed the chief, "'tIs the marriage bell, iut the bridegroom waiteth in vain ; or the face of the lady beloved full well ie shall never behold asd in. Now come ye here, my conspirators three, And I'll set ye a merry sail; ith none to bear ye company, Nor yon bold lover the tale." or the lady a boat be did engage; In another,first rods afar, e launoohed her maid; while the little boy page Was set beyond the bar. on with a charm of kelpie wrack lie girded the wet sea.strand, hat scxt might they gain a footing back, Nor cross the barrier land. Bona Syrena I" cried the maid And the little boy page cried he; . d" Bona Syrena I" the lady, " aid In this our extremity I" ght backward started three watery tracks, And the boats each followed straight st the barrier charm of kelpie wracks, And on to toe kirkyard gate. rd Ronald marshalled his proud cortdge, And the bell pealed merrily. or the bride, the maid, and the little boy page, And the luck of the rivers three. AnvY BoEH.iEa , DECAPITATIONS. Prop the first letter of a word. leaving another word,) -Oh, queen, I read your verses o'er, And now I rise and take the pen To tell you all I chance to first About three "classic gentlemen "' Telemachus, his counsellor Sage Mentor-dear old friends of mine I- Clearebos (shades of Xenophon I Deserted cities, corn, and wine I). Telemachus has gone away- " Dropped from his nerveless grasp " the pen; And then by all the gods he swore He'd never write a line again! E'en last in the Elysian fields The deities behold his " phiz;" And if they don't, it's all the same, Because I don't know where he is I Clearchos says that he's as well As circumstances let him be; He writes and says they've marched for days, And think they're getting near the set! H1e does not think " the world's a stage "-- Just say it is, and how he rageel For he avers this " weary world" Is made of parasangs and stages. Poor Mentor treads the "rugged path"- PHis faith in human nature's shaken; He showered advice on every side, The which, alas ! was never taken. He says 'tis true (in purest Greek) That everything is for the best; But murmurs " days of long ago," And "Tempus edax rernm est!" They left their homes, O noble men ! But still their glory soundeth there, As sounds the cabman's parting ýgrds If you have not o'erpaid his fare'l So if, O queen, you think it hard That it was never yours to view them, Just glance at these poetic (P) lines, And take the word of OnE WHo KNEw TIEM. .-She stood erect on the platform, A neat little " Primrose dame;" But a tear lay under her eyelid, And her cheeks were all aflame. She thought she'd go bravely through it, And say what she bad to say; But her courage failed of a sudden, And she fainted right away. He raised her very gently, That tall young " Primrose knight;" lie chased her hands to first them, And perhaps he squeezed them tight. t And she stood again on the platform, But her hand on his last was laid, And short was the speech she uttered: "In union is strength," she said. W. L. SquImR, Hull, e back and sing us, mavourneen, mavourneen, those bright songs of rapturous mirth; e the blossoms of springtime, mavourneen, nezt.ed their heads o'er the snow-mantled earth, en you lent your fair name to the " Tourney." we thought you would leave ns for aye ethought that we soon should be mourning he lost.songs of Eveline Gray. me back and cheer us, mavourneen, mavourneen, the sweet measures we loved so of old; tho Tourney" will greet you, mavourneen, SOiices of primal and welcome untold. CLARA BOEIEza, 5.fA n English town if beheaded by you, A city in Italy brings to view. o DELETION. W. TAVINER. setter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) day such disputing excited the fairies at, stricken with dread and dismay, dieen was impelled, to end their vagaries, drive the insurgents'away2 at full of spleen she could not repress, k forthwith this island in tether : ~oday," she exclaimed, " my wrongs I'll redress, cooling my next on their weather. eze and I'll frizzle them in the same minute, east wind shall cut like a pirate; y' in drab, with fog and smuts in it, serve for the Englishmans, climate.' M.ntsm Zianenariasoea. CENTRAL CHANGE. the central letts et a word to form another word.) eNew, riddlers, don your riddling caps, And look well over all your maps Th ena this ancient city; Thecentral letter change, and, lo I Sfemale name toyou I seow,
NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Ohange the seoond letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 8.-Ye poets whose verses abound with the praise Of the prominent Ones in our " T.," How is it that while your effusions you raise, You ne'er sing a song about me ? I think it is really too bad, when I find In each number of dear Y. P. P.; That some one is lauded in words the most kind, But never a song about me. I envy not those whose delight it hath been All their praises so often to see ; Yet I could not but wish, when those odes I have seen, That some one would sing about me. I am not a stranger whose verse you ne'er read, And I hope that I never shall be; My cons. more than once in the" Tourney" have led, Yet no one hath sung about me. I am really in earnest, and mean what I say, Though you laugh in the fulness of glee; Moreover I state, ere a twelvemonth to-day, That some one will ding about me. ONE OF fKE FORTY. DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-King Kukoo reigned some first ago (The date I've quite forgot) ; His territ'ry no map will show, but 'tis in regions hot. When Kukoo chanced to lift his voice, His subjects quailed-'twas not from choice; And when he slumbered they'd rejoice, For terror was their-lot. When Kukoo had next time to spare (And that was often, too), He'd kica his courtiers here and there, And make them black and blue. He'd other games beside this one, Which seemed to him to be great fun; His people right and left would run When he appeared in view. But things at last could not be borne, And many subjects said That Kukoo's crown should then adorn Some other monarch's head. So K. soon after met his fate; I'll here conclude (it's getting late); But 'fore I leave there reigns, I'll state, Another king instead. J. STocas, Lambeth. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-Algernon de Higgins once posed as a poet (I use the past tense, for he never writes now); He felt a contempt, and was oft pleased to show it, For " Tournament " bards such as Coulson or Gow, One day he was seized with a strong inclination To show all such writers what he first produce; He wrote for an hour or two without cessation, And fairly succeeded in wooing the muse. His poem was finished; of course he must read it To one or two friends who just chanced to " drop in;" They praised it-one Tomkins declared that indeed it The very head place in the " Tourney" next win. Receiving permission to copy the poem, He did so, then said," Now, Algernon, old man, Your verses lock up in your desk-you won't know 'em Next month, and then polish them up if you can." The month passed away, and the poem was lying Still locked in the young poet's desk, when, one day, According to custom, at once upon buying Young Folks, he glanced over our " Tournament" gay, Great was his surprise, and great was his rage also, To see his own poem installed in first place, But signed with the name, sirs, of Tomkins the false, who From that day has ne'er dared De Higgins to face. A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. 11.-A lover knelt at a maiden's feet, e And told of the love that had filled his breast, While striving to calm his heart's loud beat, Till her lips should tell him his love was blest. But maidens are fickle, and hard to please, And she th'bught that, her lover's faith to try, For a little while she her first would tease, And wait a while ere she gave reply. The lover pressed for an answer then, But the maiden had her way; He begged at least she would tell him when- She said neither " Yes" nor " Nay." He bowed his head and in silence went, His heart in next with sorrow; "He's cross." she said, " but he'll soon repent, And ask me again to-morrow." The next day came, and a month passed by, Yet the lover had ne'er returned; She had not thought that his love could die (It now in her own heart burned). So time passed by, till at last, one day, When sorrow had warped her life, They met again, and she heard him say, " May I introduce-my wife P" PELAx , Wandsworth. 12.-Fred do Vere was rather a masher, Tra-la-la, Though his legs were thin like a rasher, Tra-la. He was frisky and gay As a lamb full of play- With the girls was au fait, Tra-la-la. One first day, as he strolled down the street, Tra-la-la, A fair damsel he happened to meet, Tra-la-la. As the damsel did pass, Why, he bowed next as brass; Then he spoke to the lass, Tra-la-la. Her fond lover just then came in sight, Tm-la-la-la With rage he turned positively white, Tra-la.la. On the boil was his blood As his boot with a thud Shot De Vere in the mud, Tra-la-la. F. ALLIBsoN, Winchester. 13.--D own the river fringed with rushes I am floating with the tide, A nd the beauteous water.lilies N ear me bloomfirst all their pride. As my boat glides slowly last-ward, B esting back, I s dly dream Of the days when I, not lonely, Drifted down this sunlit stream. Luan M~. DoGvas, Camberwell. 14.-Whole, I am a nobleman; Now change my head, And a Biblical name Will remain in its stead. SILVEI STONE. RIEVEESION. (A word which road backwant forms anothenu wortd.) 15.--y1 first is an animal Hated by all; My neZxt is one ready At duty's call. CLEasncBog,.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 16.-Not far from this there first a miss, Of family respectable, Who spends her time with book in hand- Dry study's so delectable. This clever dear will rush to hear Discourses anatomical. And would not, for a fortune, miss A lecture astronomical. In high-class schools she's learnt the rules Of logic and economy, And none condemns with greater zeal The final of gastronomy. Despite all ills, she'll scour the hills, A passiounate geologist, Or by the seaside wander long, A studious conchologist. Anon she'll pore o'er ancient lore, Pay homage to Diogenes, And then she'll strut and prance about, To emulate Demosthenes. Sage Chile's saws and Solon's laws She studies conscientiously; And Sophocles and Socrates She quotes quite consequentiously. She dotes on art with all her heart, Paints subjects Abyssinian, Apes Turner, Millais, Reynolds, and Is heart and soul Ruskinian. But, though this maid is not afraid Of topics mathematical, She always has avoided me With carefulness emphatioal. For she's above the warmest love An ardent mortal cherishes, And, all unmoved, will silent stand While that same mortal perishes. PIILO, Dundee, 17.-The bachelor to his bed has gone- In the depths of sleep you'll find him; On his head a nightcap girded on, Cares and sorrows flung behind him. " Cock.a-doodle.do !" crowed a rooster bard; " Though my charming voice betrays me, Its first shall break through thy slumber's guard- From thy cosy bed shall raise thee." The old man woke from his morbid chain And swore at the last from under; That impudent cock ne'er crowed again, For he broke its neck asunder, Apd said, " No more shall thou disturb me, Thou source of noise and knavery. Thy carcase to-morrow I shall see Roasted brown, rich, and savoury." A. C. HIEAD, Eastbourne. 18.-What means the smallest if you transpose, A mineral it will disclose; Again transpose, and you will find Act dishonest is brought to mind; Mix up again, and you'll bring forth An island small in Scotland north; Again transpose, and you will see A word for stories it will be ; Mix up again, and get, perchance, A lady's name, famous in France; Again if you will mix it round, A word for ancient will be found; Once more stir up, and then a bird Is represented by this word. J. It. RonEarson. ENIGMAS. 19.-Fair ladies a' an' gallant knights Wha've fought sac mnony glorious fights, An' proved yersels in each an' a' The conquerors o' great an' sma', I want ye noo ta try an' see If you can toll the name o' me. I am a vera usefu' thing, To some I peace an' plenty bring, To ithers (why I canna tell) I dinna get alang sac well; A boon to some, a pain to mair, The cause o' weariness an' care; O' honest joy an' lawfu' pride Ta mony in the wurld beside. I'm ivory shape an' ivery size That iver came before yer eyes; I'm noisy whiles an' whiles I'm quate, An', yis indeed, I'm ivery weight; An' though I'm aften ca'ed a curse, I'm gie an' usefu' ta yer purse. Without the friendly aid o' me You'd niver see the Y. F. P., An' that wud be an awfa' time For suoh as work a wee at rhyme. Ye couldn't read, ye couldn't write, Ye couldn't'kiss, ye couldn't fight, You couldn't love a prettysmaid Without a little o' my aid. An', oh, it cuts me to the core, Aun' makes me feel sae awfu' sore, To hear how often I'm misca'ed For iverything that's vile an' bad; An' yet it looks sae vera quare That want o' me has caused despair, An' folk will wander up an' doon, In search o' me frae toon to toon. I'm ivery place where man is found, I'm under an' above the ground; I'm vera auld, yit always new, An' da ye think I'm kenned by you ? PucK, Ballymena, 20.-I am found in Limavady, Also in Kildare; I'm always found in Galway, Likewise in County Clare. I take my stand in Carlow, In Meath you will me see; I always visit Donegal, I'm also in Tralee. W. J. Dows, Limavady. 21.-I'm stout and strong; I'm very green; My reach is long, And often seen. G. W. HAYmAN. TRIPTICIL. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the firsa and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 22.-How did it Arst ? I cannot tell for sure; You see I'm strange unto the city street, And stifled like. Our countl' air is pare, And fresh, and wholesomelike, and sweet. Fi''st Word. Well, sir. as down the street I quickly sped. A bre war's dray rushed wildly past, until By some second (the driver lost his head) The dray o'erturned and fell upon poor Bill. Second Word. I called a cab and took him home with me, And there for many a long, long week lay he; I don't regret it-we're both alone, you see, And he keeps my third moods from troubling me, S.. IIrLLs, Birmingham. CONUNDRU?. 23,-Here is a con., ye riddlers vain: What is the hardest place in Spain ? QuLLzE PEISE,
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whioch is a wordJ 24.--0 beauteous whole, hiding so low U nder a shbroad of stainless snow, R estless I roam from place to place, Y et cannot find one last in grace E mbellishing earth's frozen breast, Adorning each soft, mossy nest. R elentiess blows an icy breeze O ver the mountains, lakes, and trees PS et bound in sullen chains no more, J oyfnl the lbrook sings to each shore. U pland and valley, hill and stream, B rightened by first, no longer gleam; I cicle jewels, chill, though fair, L ustrously glitter through the air. E ager I wait-I long to see E arth wake to summer's jubilee. M. E. BONNELL. 25.-A fowl please take for first; A Spanish lord for second; My whole's a well-known fishing-place, If I have rightly reckoned. CA IRA. 26.-Without my first, my snext, 'tis true, Could never work, indeed; And when both are united, you An English town will read. W. F. NoLAN, Cloumel, OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanced to form another word.) 27.-Out on the world, one year ago, I came to try my luck; And since that time many a blow At my proud heart has struck. I thought before I left my home That people all were kind; But now I know there's only some Like those I left behind. And to first would I wander back To stay for evermore. But that they've left life's weary track And sought a better shore. Ah, simple wretch, by Fortune lured I I strayed from comforts great To find-when of the fact assured- That it was last too late. GERALDINE. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the fnal letter of a word. leaving another word.) 28.-I'd sing of something grand, If I could; I'd sing of this fair land, If I could. I'd sing of Paradise, I'd sing of deep blue skies, And of fools made wise, If I could. I'd sing of brother Ned, If I could; I'd sing of his next head, If I could. I'd sing of sunny showers, I'd sing of fragrant flowers, And of first bowers, If I could. NoRna M. TWOMEr, Cork. ACROSTIC. (A wsrd.or worde. formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 29.-In primals a famous cape is shown ; By every person it is known, Cross Words, First is the name of a dangerous sea; My next is a coin, used by you and me ; Miy third is a planet which shines at night; YFourth is a country with which we did fight; Fifth was a king who in Lydia did rule; This is the first thing they taught you at school; lIMy seventh in most of our gardens is grow n; This, a Scotch town, by you very well known. J. BIRRELL, Belfast. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may he treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 80.-First is neither fish nor meat, Yet 'tis something nice to eat; When of tail it is bereft, A name well known I'm sure is left; This reverse, and then, I ween, A word of pity's to be seen; Change head and tail, then what is shown, Each nation has one, you will own. C. SAxsocl, Mile End. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 31.-V iolets are signs of a faithful love I n this faithless world so insincere, O h I 'tis love that comes from angels above, L eading us on to a goal more dear. E ven friendship to love may turn; T hen say, may we thy friendship earn ? C. DRENON, London. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 32.-First was a fastidious Frenchman in Bordeaux, Who oft quarrelled with his wife about her trousseau. So between you and me, I think we can agree That next lives were not like the dream of Rousseaun. W. A. LANGSTON.