IDIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAM.
Sirst two letters of a word to form another word.) 1 _Oh, the time primals swiftly along, 1,,i the days hurry by in a throng, heart's full of pari, so I've come once again d -Just to sing you a sorrowfue song; ut I've sang it so often before, And my heart has so often been sore, h s do posns gay seem to flourish to-day y Jsthe as bright as they flourished of yore. m s ,anding before you, dear riddlers, again, Aul' saine you this plaintive refrain: - Ontice my heart was young and gay, Once my friends were firm and true; But my heart is sad to.day : All the summer skies are grey- Skies that erst were blue. Shoe-ld you ask me why, I'd say, " It is you-'tis you." Oh, Madeira, why cannot you speak ? For my optics with weeping are weak; ndln Ez and puck, though I wish ydo good luck, SYet, you give not the answer I seek; SlRobert lc Diable, too, and Jo-King whose cons. not a le gile and smile, though my brains all the while l Are becoming a rgaular stew; audder Sir Johin Cheulet, please list to my strain, 'ndl warble this Jinal refrain : Once my heart was young and gay, Once my friends were firm and true; But my heart is sad to.day: All the summer skies are grey- Skies that erst were blue. Should you ask me why, I'd say, "It is you-'tis you." Oh, Ivanhoe, pity my state, And Little Be-o.Peep, please relate Thewhvore aln where you've adopted with care I he dark clhtis you appear in of late. Ca Ira and dabs I implore, Aud l)emaleches, who warbled of yore, nuld ynu all be so good as our brother Sam Wood, And tirswear no'.s de plumn evermore ? ocncoiiean, Tiiny, oh, list to my strain I Oh, hear my pathetic refrain : Ontice my heart was young and gay, Once my friends were firm and true; But my heart is sad to-day: All the summer slks are grey- Skies that erst were blue. Should you ask me why, I'd say, " It is you-'tis you." LMARION TAYLOr, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. tig the dlrat two letters of a w ,vrd to form another word, ex- pressed Il the narrative.) TWILIGHT. L-There's a stillness o'er the earth, and for a space The rustling trees and all things pause as though They telt some mystic cahn thus o'er them grow, and resed, munb with joy, in its embrace. `ien up on high, with white and eerie face, Comes Lana in a bath till silvern glow, And nails along serenely grand and slow Upoe her voyage across the zazre space. And then the mystic spell thatberstwhile bound All nature with a weird and witching bond, Seems to dissolve 'neath Luna's silv'ry light, And nuatur wakes -the trees, the air, the ground, The quiv ring aspens near the haunt-d pond le-echo with the thousand voices of the night. J. C. COLLIER. ENIGMAS. 3.-I am found in beasts, fishes, and men, In insects and reptiles again; I am tound in earth, water and fire, And in love, and in hate and desire; I step from the skies to the heavens; I journey in sixes and sevens; I am found in the lanes and the hedges, The grasses, and rushes, and sedges; I am found in the rivers and streams. And I bask in the midst of sunbeams; I attend on the ladies in marriage, And always am last in the carriage; They invite me to dinner and tea, A id they never cease talking of me; So who in the world can I be ? And what gender-a he or a she ? H. Cox, Birkenhead. 4.-0ur gallant soldiers' praises ring In ev'ry English home; What English heart has not admired The riders of the foam i Blit, oh, there still remain the men Whose bravery's as true As that of those who tread the field, Or those that sail the blue. V. D. T., Warrington. i--Please find a word of letters four, From which, if you take one, lint one mnore letter will remain; Now tell me how 'tis done. F. WARD, Dublin. NARRATIVE METAGITAMS. flhe list letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the ltarrailvo. .-Down by the bubbling and glittering stream, ! of the dace and the roach and the bream, Stlke you, ad show you a queer little place s Op for myself with a non-artist's grace. . sdear little but, with its timbers awry, I poles that are short, and poles that are high, oorway rigged up with the planks that I stole m ht grumbler of grumblers, old gardener Cole. e of trpaulin I've made for a roof, Sas and alack I it is scarcely rain-proof; Ith ctracks in the walls leot's the easterly wind ch nook and each corner of my cabin find. A Suds my fishing-rod up by the wall, )tedat over there is my bicycle's stall; O darling old bike with your glittering wheel, Yea sour attachments of superfine steel, so" ' me .weet mnem'ries of quaint sylvan dolls, A slab runs, of the sweet tinkling bells; hee raci path then looms up 'fore my eyes, h.ie.t. Lave striven for honour and prize. Sthe stuemps and the bat that belong to old Fred- h, t " brother, you know, who shares in my bed; Sr wy gbun ,in toe corner, the football o'er there, ii u atuget h anging by that broken chair, , 'ro L an; d lying all over the floor ald lapse suand booaks-ay, full many a score; I he ld 1)Tb blin er 1 hie to my "den" l ,ling stream in a sweet rustle glen. RIt. L. JEFnEaRSOx, London, .A·i l Clearchos, I must thank you For th welcome you extend To this winsome little maiden Who will always be your friend. Te rish hearts have we (I. C.), I see, We dwell just on Liffey's banks: I wouder ns we've ever met Besides in the "Tourney" ra.us ? AMn IDEYsa, D])nlin,
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the tiros and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 8.-It is when you are surrounded By a deadly danger I amnt sure by this you ve found it, For the word's no stranger. When you see it, always shun it, 1. would e'er implore you ; I confess I oft have done it, For no kind of risk I run-it Isn't healthy for you. So take my advice and stay Always from its side away. First Word. Used in various ways by all, Nearly every colour- Orange, or red, or duller; Shapes and sizes large and small. Useful in a railway carriage While upon a journey ; Used to oelebrats a marriage- Seen in this the " Tourney." 1-,ed, too, byoour riddling folks, lilping perpetrate their jokes. Second WVord. Poem this, magnificeut, Written in past ages; Reading it is time well spent-- Oft it me engages. Tells of warriors of old Who have shone in glory, Winning battles manifold On the fields all gory. IVANiOE, Belfast. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 9.-Oh, riddlers dear, now here's a "sell I" I'm " taken in," and cannot tell What I shall write before I'm done, For really this is more than fun. 'Tis now about two months ago Since I a riddle wrote, you know, Of how an old match-omaking dame Would wed you riddlers for a " game." And in that conu. a nymph of the "T." Was matched to Ivanhoe, you see; I was in hopes it would come true, When, lo! In No. 862 Of our 'ounsg Folks I viewed a sight Which filled my bosom with affright. While glancing down the "Letter-Box" I saw that Ivanhoe on " frocks" Had written to our dear old Ed.; And those words told me that instead Of being a firt, as all suppose, Our Ivanhoe wears women's clothes ! Although my brain was in a whirl, I strove to say, " He is a girl I" And since this knowledge I've possessed, By day or last I've known tno rest; I've had to have the doctor, too, And Ivanhoe, 'tie all through you. If you're a knight, your duty's plail-- To bring me back to health again; And if, my friend, you are a " miss," I trust you will forgive me this. NELLIE W ATSON, Cheshunt. 10.-Policeman X 41 courted a cook (Rather a good idea) ; And to her cosy kitchen his way he oft took (Rather a good idea). 'Twas.first he would court her with looks and with sighs; And when he was not gorging huge rabbit pies, He'd please her by praising her very odd eyes (Rathler a good eye, dear). He'd faithfully visit her every night (Rather a good idea); He would eat and make love till the grey morning light (Rather a good idea). They loved, and were free from all sorrows and cares, Till the mistress came in once, almost unawares, And poor Bobby was found hiding under the stairs (Rather a good hide here). Then that poor greasy cookey most sadly did grieve (Rather a bald idea); For her mistress gave her shortest notice to leave (Likewise a bad idea). But last noble X 14 ended the strife 13y asking his cookey to be his for life; And she blubbered the word that made her his dear wife (Rather a good aye, dear.) G. GwvxYs. 11.-Standing one day on the pavement, He seemed weary and ill at ease; And he turned around so wildly That handle that ne'er would cease. Oh, the horrible chords that issued From that out-of-tune organ out first i I listened in anguish and frenzy, Till I'm almost afraid that I cursed. " Oh, second," I cried to the villain, " Here's a ha'penny to go far away ! Take that sausage-machine in the country I" Says he, " Oh, zat nevaire would pay I I shall want lots of moneys from you, sare, Last I move from, die city to.day." R. W, ANDREWS, Hampstead. 12.-My first is moving o'er this paper, Helping to form this riddle for you; My second, you'll own, is easy to find, And is here presented to your view. W. W. LEAPER, 13.-My first crawls on at slowest pace, He'd never do to run a race; Beheaded, never moves at all, Except when driven in the wall. A. BUTLER, Birmingham. 11.-This word means to take a part; Deprive it of its head, A sort of game some people like You will see instead. HIAWATHA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 15.-The Musical Trio ! As such they are known, Those three hardened wretches who try every night To "bring down the house," which, I've noticed, has grown Quite shaky of late, and which possibly might Be first just a little unsafe, uesit, of cour se, 'Ilhat need not create any wonder at all; For the disc:ord those villains produce, and the force They discharge it with, would e'en a Stoic appal. They share the same room-'tis just uinlerneath mine- And nightly the strauins of a wild vi lili, A horn, and a cracked concertina con:bile, Producing the most unmnelooiois diu. They all play together, in different time And in different tune--too inditfferent far I And of all living musical amateurs I'm Convinced that those wretches the very worst are. The lodgers, of course, have decamped long ago, And, save the musicians, two only remain- IMyself, who can't leave, as a month's rent I owe, And another, who's never been heard to complain: E'cu when at their loudest the Trio have played, He's oft sat uumoved; while so wild have I got When sometimes I'v\e noticed him so undismayed That (although he's stoie d-as) I've quite envied his lot. A. AansnaLEY, Manchester.
ACIROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 16.-Hearty greeting we send you, O brave " Tourney " knight, Your verses for years we have read with delight; Each song that you sing us, each bright merry lay, We hail, from the town on the banks of the Tay. Of all the true friends on " Touruament's" list, Were you to desert us you'd surely be missed. Ever brighten our pages: we'll welcome henceforth Ditties mournful and gay from our bard of the north. Cross Words. A kind of mocking bird That's often seen and heard. We climbed a next of verdaut hue, And thence beheld a glorious view. In third moments my pen I take, And strive the sleeping muse to wake. 'Tis far beyond my power to tell How great indeed is fond JuorthI's spell. Fatherless, motherless, waudering alone, He is " Nobody's darling," " Nobody's own." Sixth by the running stream I wandered in a dream. Seventh the willow tree My love lies hid from me. "Eiyghlh !" said the bashful Bies, And all the while meant " Yes." 'Tis warm upon the road, and so Let's have a niaiit before we go." A writer of the " Tourney," this, Whose verses sweet all riddlers miss. Last we depart, we both this say, " We'll come again another day.' EIE AND CLARA. Foundation Word. 17,-Sweet star of beauty and of love, Celestial inspirator, For ever thou art on the muvo, Thou light of beauty and of love, Inspiring mortals from above. P'eace can claim the Creator ! Sweet star of beauty and of love, lly guiding inspirator 1 Cross l'Words. Empty, vain, and fruitless desire, Thy effects indeed are most dire. This, the mainspring of much discord, Avoided by a honest word. When the day has flown and third is nigh, You will see the beauties of the sky. Upon the pathway the leper lies, While " Fourth! loarlth !" he piteously cries. And now with regret I lust up this con., And in this week's " Tourney " my course has run. W. A. LACOSTON. DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-Come, listeu unto meo a while, And I will sing a song About the maids and knights we view In this our " Tourney " throng. We've Marion Taylor for our queen, And Jo we've just made king; Now do not laugh and say I'm soft, While I to you do uing. There's In Ez and Christella Chelm, And Nellie Watson, too, Here Patrick S. and Philo first, Next S. Wood, too, we view. Kate Royston she has sent a few, Aund so has C. F. Barker; We're ready for this "Tourney" race: Now, who will be the starter ? Here Marion Taylor takes her seat- It is her place as queen; But Amy Boehmer just of late The starter, too, has been. There's A. 11. Stritch, and Silver Stone, And Ivanhoe the bold, And Jennie Arthur, who will soon Send riddles as of old. Now L. M. Douglas takes her place, And so does \itaggy Denny; Here comes a lot of other knights- We cannot say how many. But now, you see, I must conclude, 1 hope you've had your fill, And some day you may welcome W. LEwis, Ironville. J UDICATE INFsRNO, 19.-Mephistopheles sat in his chair of state, With a flowing white wig on his noble pate; A kneeling young imp served tihe king itas his stool, With a bucket of last just to keep himself cool. And load was his Jirst as the rumble of thunder, And it broke up the chairs and the tables-no wonder, Being well-seasoned furniture-Jubilee wood; Now, twood Jubilee-ve, don't June-ow, that was good. Well, leaving all puns to our "T,'s " famous punster, T. Royston the wit, or "bowid Pathrick" from Munster (In case your small brains at my puns evince dizziness), 1'll be merciful yet, and get on with my business. As I said once before, Mephistopheles sat Engaged in the pastime called " smelling a rat." " Look here," he cried, quickly, " this is uuj ustifiable; Just call in my riddler, Lord RIobert le Diable." Approaching his foot-tool, I haughtily said, " i am here once again, you old study in red; Whatt want you with me ?" Said Mephisto, " Come closer. What the dickens you mean I would much like to know, sir, When you want touching up by our 'Tom'nament' ladies, It's time you quit riddling and come back to Hades." " If you please, I've done nothing," I tried to explain. Cried he, " You've done nothiung-don't do it a,ain. You dare to defy mie P Well, it's a most ruin thing; Don't do nothing again, but kindly do something." Though inwardly hot with suppressed indignation, I calmly replied, "I'll whoop round creation, Raise the tiles off the roof, scalp dogs of their muzzles, And inundate all with my Stygiau puzzhes. While Editor looks any tein per but pleasant, I'll with joyousness fill Nellie Watson of Cheshunt, When I lay at her feet this neat little ti ibute : her Pon has aroused your infernal contributor, ltoEIT LE DIABLE." CENTAIAL DELETION. (Drop aleittoer from he conltro of a word to torm another.) 20.-In the Paciflo Ocean My firlt you are sure to fred; It is a little insect, I would ihave you bear in mind. A fuel that is often seen For nett you are sutre to see; That it is dug from out the earth You will readily agree. G. BnuciAnas, TRANSPOSITION. (T.ansposU the leltters in a word to form ianoher wurli.) 21.-Find the name of a goddess, Transpose, and thnou you'll soee A hot and soothing liquid- Fond of it are we, Bans, Chester,
CENTRAL ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flures.) Foundation Words. 23.-'Tis a theme which has excited admiration- Has produced and has invited jubilation; Been the source of joy and sadness, Baaished for a tino much sadness, And in short which has delighted all the nation. 'Tie a theme on which a great deal has been written Eulogistic of the state and pow'r of Britain; Nut alone by bards ecstatic, But as well by bards erratic, Who have clearly with a fate unkind been smitten. Cross Words. 50 and oasong These are shallow\ ponds or pools. 102 ,, trustnon This is given in oar schools. 1,002 ,, fryrau Here are lodged the sick and weak. 1 ,, tarnquay One who studies things antique. 1,750 ,, aaeuut Heaped together, or increased. 150 ,, ehe A repulsive-looking beast. 550 ,, ohosafe Ever shun this; love the truth. 1,000 ,, onye The desire of speundthrift youth. 55 ,, sears These are oft impelled by s!eailm. 100 ,, jeropt This, my tenth, implies a5chelme. 1,000 ,, ur One of many kinds of drink.s. 1,050 ,, pober Tuis was given by te Sphliinx. 57 ,, bes This is that which can be seen. S100 ,, onabo An autiali machine 1,100 ,, cs One of our five nens:e-, this. 600 ,, netoten Happy, tranquil, fadl of bliss. ). Mu.nloIs, ,laasgow. NARRATIVE META-OMEGIRAIS. (Change the first ianl I at letters of ia \wor Io fouri another word, expressed Il thie ll n Ilsir .) 23.-When you meet an old-time friend, whose desire is ne'er to mIend, And in pressing need of cash from you would borrow, If in pity you couseut whenu he force of reason's spent, Do you feel your indiscretion to your sorrow ? Don't you give a little start, teel a pang auout the heart, When you see the glance of a young girl re:vealing Her fond wisTes for your health or perhaps it's for your wealth That she throws into her glance such love and feeling. If with her you should tarry, whom your dearest hole's to marry, And the maiden fair becomneth fairly fickle, Do you feel a bitt.:r pung, a desire a iswsanl to hanr, And feel yourself " put ou the shelf ' to lickle ? When, with step most firm and slow, some one treads upon your tonl, And wakes you up in gra'stitude (?) to bless 'em, Do you feel an inward cravinsg battle-ae:;e to be waving, Or, for treading on the tueder, to careas 'cu ? When you notice in the "I'.," with immuodest pride and glee, That our con. among the varied throig is leading; Will you feel with ralch relief the undoubted disbelief That unto Parnassus' height we are not sp le.in"g ? J, C. DnaENON AND V. D. LACLOIf. 24.-V iolet, my darling, I'm thinking of you- D ear to my heart are thy bright eyes of blre; T heir splendour still hallowvs the gloom of decay, A ud calms the sweet features that fade nor away. Y et down in the valley-yes, down there below L ies the sad ehangeless form 1 loved long ago; 0 n her brow is the trace of the last ound smtie, R adiant and lovely, free from ill gruile. Starax, VWarr.ngton. METAGRIAMS. (Ohange the firat letter of ta word to form another word.) 25.-I'm learning to play the banjo, And warele " Tra-la-liety;" My progress at present is slow, For my banjo and voice won't agree. I'm learning a troubadour song To enchant the swe t maid 1 adore: In the chorus somehow I get wrong, So I think I'll rehearse it once umore. " Oh, fir.. with the Jubilee eyes (pliuk, plink), Have pity, have pity on me (twang, twasg) ; Oh, open tisy casement, I pray (clink, clink), Thy troubadour warbles to thee (twang, 0mng!)" There's a fellow down stairs with a brick, And one up above with a gun, Who desire ine to finish tup quick, Ere the Muse is .net for its fuu. Hallo I some one knoclks at the door- No, I'm not cutting steel with us file ! I'm singing. Here, let's have eno more- Mly voice does inot need any " ile." I'sm averse to a verse being attached To the two too cull ones I have spun, So I'll stop, for my banjo's 111 matched 'Gainst a brickbat, a cIub, and a gun. J. KENNaxur, Middlcsbrough. 2d.-The jrst of day has faded, Grim darkness reigns around; The sux. has fallen o'er us, And stilled is every sound. CaiotLLIN HOLLOWAY. 27.-If a garden implement You will bring to mind, Chanse one letter, and a fish You are sure to flind. II. CauTEaR. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a rutaelgrsam, feeoipitatlion, dele. LlOh, anid trainspositionl, buit leaves a prieot word after each opertillon. 28.--We met at Lady Rachel's first- Great was the crush; I took her second; With lemonade we stayedf urtu tUist, *And chatted till her muother beciouned. We were together after tuat At balls and parties every night; Like him of fil/th. I p:tient sat When others whirled her from my sight. But now I see her every day, And, oh, I cannot tellJoarth pleasure; We're on bfourtsa bridal third away- Henceforth for life she is my treasure ! MADEIRA.