RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. 4 NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the-narrative.)
1.-Come, Amy, come, Awake the silent talent from its sleeping. The riddlers at your absence look quite glum, And some, I know, can hardly keep from weeping. Sing, dear, and let your voice, like some sweet bird, O'er all the earth be heard. Your clear refrain Awoke the dormant Musa once again That would not answer to my plaintive calling. The brain so hazy, The inclinations lazy, All seemed to fade beneath your shining light, And make me long among the bards to fight, With zest appalling. Come, Eveline, come, You, too, have long enjoyed a tranquil slumber; For weeks your golden harp has lain quite dumb. Come, Eveline, dear; pray decrease the number Of sleeping bards. I long to hear your voice- It makes my heart rejoice, And many an hour Of joy I've spent in your magnetic power. Had I your gift, 1, too, would be a singer; Instead, I listen, And watch the armour glisten, And, with a sob, I see the years roll by, For Musa will not listen to my cry, Nor with me linger. KATIE E. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 2.-I'd pored o'er Young Volks page for many a day, And in the " Tournament" had ta'en delight; I'd sat perusing it till late one night, Solving the puzzles which the riddlers gay Had made. Weary, at last I down did lay Myself, when, to my dazzled, wond'ring sight A vision wonderful appeared, and bright, A fairy form who to me thus did say : " Why dost thou read, and never, never write P Fear not, thy name shall yet be known to fame; I am the' Tourney's ' Queen, and I will give thee might. Next morn I seized my pen, my heart aflame, And from that moment I commenced t' indite These simple cons., which bear the humble name Of- PATRICK. .--If in life's first a place you'd win, For idleness have no pretext : Mind, " Satan finds some mischief still," And never say, " I do not next." DEMANcRES. ENIGMA. 4.-At early morn, when skies are blue, Then surely do I visit you; Again at noon my steps I bend Towards you, coming as a friend; Once more at eve you'll find me near, But then till morn I disappear. Some at my call are bright and glad, While others seem to be quite sad; I visit all from door to door, The sick and healthy, rich and poor. Now notice, please, a startling change; If you my letters right arrange, And now the foremost take away, " You still remain the same," you say. Yes, so I do; but take one more Away again, and I am sure That still no change will you behold In me ! Now, all ye knights so bold Of riddling fame, your armour don And solve this simple little con. E. L. HOLLAND. CENTRAL CHANGES. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 5.-There was an athletic young man, Who used to distort his lithe body Till naught but a ring you could scan- His name was Abimelech Toddy. At dnmb.bells he practised each hour (His shoulders grew stronger and stronger); About his back garden he'd scour (No legs in the country were longer). He curled himself inside and out (No snake in the first was more supple); He twirled every muscle about; His head to his feet he next couple. At last a contortion he made Which came as his last earthly token, For down on the flooring he laid, His frame into sixty bits broken. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 6.-Fair dawn peeps o'er the eastern hills, The daisy firsts its golden eye, The foqutains, pools, and silv'ry rills Reflect the red tints of the sky- Sol's smiling heralds they. But heart of primal deftly change : Draws then a digit into view, Without which, friends, 'twere vain to range The sciences-none could come true, If finals absent be. AGONISTES. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 7.-Once a very little stranger Ope'd its eyes the world to see; Wondered greatly-still is wondering- For that stranger young was me. Once a little boy of seven Went to school to learn-and play; Would he had paid more attention, 'or that boy was me, they say. Once a young man saw a maiden Who, though shy, was fair to see; But they married and were happy, For that said young man was me. Once a father nursed a baby Who was matchless for its health, And was proud of that same baby, For that father was myself. ExcELSIon. CHARADE. (Formed on aword each syllable of whioh is a wordJ 8.-My whole is seen in the tropics fair, Under a burning sky, When the sun goes down in lurid glare, And suend begins to fly. Then for a time as still as the grave The sullen waters lie, Till, led by a wall of foaming wave, They fling their crests on high. Like demons first by their angry rage, Themselves to foam they lash, - And as if the heav'ns take up their gage, The lightning darts its flash. With next sounding roar they onward go, Marking with wrecks their course, \Till the storm.king stays his work of woe, The waves have spevnt their force. Then slowly in swells they lest subside, As sobs a sullen child; 'Neath the surface clear their passions hide, And all is calm'sand mild.,
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 9.-Far away in mystic dreamland Lie the golden days of youth; Gleaming with celestial brightness, Crowned with innocence and truth. Life seemed then an endless summer, Pleasures ne'er were steeped in gall; Gentle as a forest streamlet, Peace and plenty flowed to all. Friendship, like the stars in heaven, Never seemed to first or change; Joy and hope (unfailing treasures) O'er each forehead seemed to range. Next and sorrow, role I in darkness, Fled at love's all-present ray; Comfort (blessed as sun to flow'ret) Spread her beams o'er sad and gay. Now, alas i the scene has altered, Life has shown her darker side; Never more untouched by sorrow Will the days to dreamland glide. Yet despair should never haunt us, Hope and trust should never cease, While unending joys await us In a land of rest and peace. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 10.-The forest was dark and the night was drear, As a maiden first on a rustic stile, Waiting in vain for her lover dear, Waiting, watching, a long, long while. " Will he come P" she thought, as she gently sighed, And a tear found its way to each dark blue eye. "Of my love must I ever be denied P Oh, no ! I feel I would rather die." On a blood-stained field where the wounded lay, And the battle was raging far and wide, A young man thought long of home so gay, And his sweetheart who used to be by his side. He died that night on the dismal plain, And her darling name was the last he uttered; And when they told her the next refrain, "Oh! a good job too, the fool!" she muttered. F. J. HODGEs, Greenwich. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 11.-The riddler-so, at least, doth Webster say- Is one who speaks in an ambiguous way; The which is right, and lest that some deny This truth, I thereanent shall fructify. This, therefore, riddle me, keen-witted wights And fair dames eke: Who are the "Tourney" knights I name with " ambiguity " below In these, the Cross Words? First, then, you must know, Means neat or tidy, and for second find A vegetable. Bring before your mind A girl's name for the third; and that divined, A pronoun seek, of a possessive kind, For fourth. A luminary fifth will show (Not that 'neath which the sixths do ebb and flow). Seventh is open or apparent, so You ought to solve it. Final, which doth grow On shrubs and trees, completes the puzzling row. D. Gow. Foundation Words. 12.-Primals and finals, when read aright, Two famous cities will bring to sight. Cross Words. When I in happy childhood strayed, With this I oftentimes have played. Four letters now just call to mind- A preposition you will find. A river this will sure disclose, That through the north of Ireland flows. A title this I know you'll say, You hear it almost every day. I've nearly done the composition, But this will show a preposition. In last you do a part of speech see; Now guess my riddle, I beseech thee, DEMANCHES. ROTATION CHANGE. (Ohange theletters of a word in succession to form other words.) 13.-Last a corner of the room, Where dark, ghostly shadows loom, A mirror stands; Not a handsome one, or new- Old-fashioned it appears to view, But loving hands Once did fasten it up there, Fixed and fastened it with care, Above my desk. And my face does in next show (When to it first times I go) In shape grotesque. For full of flaws is this old glass- It never flatters youth or lass Who in it gaze. Time has spoiled its face, I ween, For I'm sure it oft has seen Much better days. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. NARRATIVE CHARADE. Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Oh, where, and, oh, where Is Barnett de Bear P His visits, once frequent, are now, alas I rare. Was it simply a joke When you recently spoke Of obliging us weekly, oh, Barnett de Bear P Oh, where, where is Price ? If he'd take our advice And return to the "Tourney," now, wouldn't it be nice P For I think that I may With veracity say We are pained by theabsence of Harry C. Price. Oh, say, where is Troy P Ah, I notice with joy He is here, though of late he has been rather coy. Without him we should be All at sea-up a tree; And the Waste Paper B. is not favoured by Troy I Where is Holmes ? Where is Marshall ? How far-oh, how far shall We look for them both ? To their cons. we were partial. Come, De Bear, Troy, and Price- Pray at once break the ice And, Holmes, will you come back to the "Tourney" with Marshall? ARcHEa B.
LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. tion, and transposition, bt leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 15.-This word, it simply means to raise The passions of the heart; Behead, transpose, what's often told Next to you will impart. Behead again, and then you see, As surely as I write, Of what some people do partake Till ready-well, to fight. Behead once more, transpose, whole's head Replace; you've then in view. A fish, to every reader known. My bn, is done, Adieu. - T. NIXON, Dudley Colliery.
CURTAILMENT. (Drop.the fnal letter of a word. leaving another word.) 16.-He sent me a letter to-day, The first I've ever had. And now whatever shall I say P Oh, dear! it is too bad. I've tried and tried the evening through, And can't get in the way Of writing just as I'd like to- I don't know what to say. If I could just begin it, though, I think I'dmanage then. Shall I write " Darling Jack?" or how P No; I'll begin again. He wrote all sorts of nice, sweet things, And chbering words and gay; And though the like ffom my first springs, I don't know what to say. I'd like to tell him I'll be true- How much I care for him; That he his choice shall never rue, That 'tis no passing whim. But mother said, " You shan't be doing Such stuff ! 'Tis not the way For girls to go and do the wooing." I don't know what to say. "Dear MEr. Jones," I've written down- " I'm glad to next from you." I've ended it " From Susan Brown" (I scratched out " From your Sue "). And if my meaning he defines, 'Twill be in this one way: By carefully reading 'twixt the linea, I daren't say what I'd sayeTH DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 17.-Pretty Susie's at the rill, To which she comes her pail to fill; And as she kneels you hear her sing, " Oh I I'm as happy as a king, Tra-la.la ! "All because John last coming home From o'er the sea, no more to roam; And, oh, I know first words will be, ' Dear Susie, will you marry me ? Tra-la.la I " I'll seem to think ere I reply, For that's the best plan, so think I; And then I'll turn to him, and say, ' I may as well, so have your way.' Tra-la-la I" ANxN A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. 18.-A certain science first will show, Ten letters it contains; Deprived of head with one smart blow, A science still remains. M. F. GERAN, Formoy. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word) 19.-Our master is a funny man, As we, his pupils, know; He makes a pun whene'er he can, And makes us boys laugh so. He failed to pass his first exam. In phys-i.o-graphy, Because he put a thousand miles For a thousand feet, you see. He thinks he is a ladies' man, But first don't think him such; They laugh at him whene'er they can, Because he blushes much. He tries to next a poet, too, But 'tis a poor attempt; Below you'll find a sample, And with it be content. "Solomon was the wisest man, Samson was the strongest; Of all the birds that have a tail, The peacock's tail's the longest." MoNs. Long Sutton. 20.-I've read " Dark Days," I've read " Called Back," I've read " Old Murphy's Almanack," And also Scraps and Funny Folks (I've had convulsions o'er their jokes). The literature that I've perused Comprises all the tales effused By clever writers:-Manville Fenn, An author from whose facile pen Nothing escapes first; and Mayne Reid (In whom last lost a friend, indeed), For oft I've shrank, and too have feared, While poring o'er that tale so weird, " The Headless Horseman." Then there's Poe, Whose poe-try of course you know, Which I peruse. In fact, 'tis true That I " devour" each novel new. But with them all, I like the best That book that e'er will stand the test, And o'er which oft I've cub a caper- Our incomparable Young Folks Paperl T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 21.-In first you will behold A place where goods are sold; Reverse it, then you'll view A vehicle known to you. J. T. SrrH, Birmingham. CONUNDRUM. 22.-In nigger-land an old man died, Of sons he had but two; And then these two poor niggers cried, " What shall we do ?" It was a rainy, dreary day, A real tornado blew; But still these boys could only say, " What shall we do ?" You, more enlightened riddlers, when The question's put to you, Just tell these two poor brethren What they must do. T. PaYN.