'RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DTUAGRAMS.
t- e first two lstti.e o = to 'orm another wor -., --Oaane thehret o ph- s ering winds, oh, my heart is so weary I - Wiful I gaze through the dimmed window.paneo, W- are the wintry days, gloomy and dreary, n will the bright summer sun shine again P pdpering winds, how your sweet strains enthral me I itined and low is your musio to.night; voices Ijret float around me and call me, Bricging me dreams that are radiantly bright. Whispering winds, you have soothed all myesorrow, spd lulled them to sleep with your pleasant refrain, idding me hope, for each dawning to-morrow Is drawing me nearer to summer again. Ssdru LIsoao TAYLOR, Birkenhead. -I sw a tree, bent by the fierce storm's might, -ivs in its roots and bow its lofty head, Gid thought it would have fall'n, but, instead, It ever leaned on one of greater height, -Ad irst its branches round it firm and tight; It in return was last as firmly grasped; And, though no longer there is wind to dread, Yet stil the clasp unloosed seems a delight. Oh, love, if thus, when harassed by the care Which comes oft in this angry world of ours, Thou wouldst upon my breast seek refuge there, These arms which more than Nature's strength em- powers Would fold thee gladly; and when trouble's o'er, Be happy to support thee evermore. GERALDINE. ACROSTICS. A wordeor words, formed of the initial letters of other words.; Foundation Word. -He rode away one morning bright and fair, iis primal gleaming in the rising sun, Thinking of struggles in which he might share, And brilliant victonete yet to be won, Resolving to himself right bravely bear. Long after, he returned with downcast head- A look of disappointment did he wear; INo battle had he fought, no life-blood shed, ho monsters had he slain, no foemen captive led. Cross Wl'ords. Snow-.elad, they seem to leant against the skies, Nlaguificont with grandeur influite; And lefty thoughts within the mind arise When gazing at the truly wondrous sight. Driven before the ocean's awful might, With not a pitying soul to help or hear, She ran upon them in the darksome night, And then arose loud shrieks and cries of fear. Refusing to abjure the living truth, Defying all their tortures and their pains, In the beginning of his joyful youth He died; but yet his memory still remains. All day they journeyed o'er the scorching plain, And found themselves all wearied at the close; What was their joy and gladness to obtain A glimpse of where they could enjoy repose I If thou wilt join us, we will then rejoice In primal of two armies hand in hand; The way is open-therefore make thy choice Whether thou wilt in danger fall or stand. We speed adown the swiftly-flowing stream, And hold our breath as we rush onward fast Between the rocks and over waves that seem To bury us in foam as we fly past. IvAneor, Belfast. Foundation Word. 4.-In viewing my primals, you're certain to see The greatest of mercies that ever shall be; And though it has lasted a wonderful time, And showered its blessings on every clime, It's certain to terminate shortly, I'm told, Because it has grown so remarkably old; Then let us endeavour (as surely we should) To cultivate only what's noble and good. C'soss Words. In books first is important, And always to be found, No matter what the subject, Nor how they may be bound, A most peculiar people In number two behold, Who were as slaves and bondsmen So very often sold. In every lad ant lassie, In every country, too, Dear third, you may, I'm certain, At any moment view. A very famous lady, By all admitted so; And if it is convenient, I'd very gladly go. Puer, Ballymena. - Foundation Word. -On the beach I am lying all shrivelled and dry, S1hilst the ships of all nations swiftly pass by; h waves seem to mock me, whom once did befriend- Such cruel behaviour my poor heart will rend. How oft have I floated about the proud bay I ow ft 'neath the fisherman's boat did I pay I! -w wide is the homestead that joined in my glee I from it in exile I'm destined to be. Cross Words. 'Tie better to be between two, you will find, Than ever be caught With three to the wind. This wanderer must ever rove Far away from home and love. A river large within a large nation- Buns parallel with a great relation. To Charles 'tis given in the skies; To Heodge it's earthly guidance lies. Keep up the search, and you will see Books from these are seldom free. Mlan and wife alone lived there, Free from every earthly care. 'Twill stretch its victims in the dust; The good, the bad, the great, the just. SYNTAf AND V. D. TATLon, Warrington. i6,_-o is s Foundation Word. frst is shown a gifted man, I ween, Those match on earth is ne'er or rarely seen. Cross Words. sirs is i manners an Eastern clime; h . is. of day a portion sublime; so t4 a splanet which glimmers above ? furth is the time when swains sigh of love; ,Fftt is the whis)er which gives them delight; 5'r alh isan orb with life-giving light; lil e his a lake, the wild beaver's home tis that which our day-dreams become. A. Powys. -- or PALINDROME, lehT read bnokwards or idrwards is still the s' me.) am a.well known foreign town: But when I am turned upside down, A town, all riddlers then will find, Will still--yes, still be left behlind. E, LEI DUOLD.
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 8.-Love is an elf whose bright Smile can deceive, Filling the world with light, Making believe Pleasures there can be none In such afirst as this; Living a life alone, Half of its joys we miss. Love is an elf whose dart. Oft makes us smart. Love is a blissful dream, So people say, Making existence seem One golden day. Ah, but a vague unrest Over the prospect smears, Filling the human breast With many doubts and fears; For lovers, when apart, Sad are at heart. Love is a living flame Of birth divine, That, sent from Heaven, came On earth to shine. Some there are next deride Love's power to burn alway; Where faith and truth abide Love surety lives for aye. Constant by day and night, Burning most bright. MARION AND EDIE. METAGRAMS. (Clanl e the first letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Ah me I the day has gone at last, With all its toil and care, And night, with dreary clouds o'ercast, Is falling everywhere; Yes, everywhere, o'er hill and slope, O'er meadow, last and lea, While I can but sit still and hope It doesn't fall on me I For I am all alone to-night, And in a quiet mood, With no companion save the light To cheer my solitude. So if that comfort should first flight, And from my heart depart, Why, then, I think, to reason right, I should be sore of heart I But, there, the fire is burning low, The night with dew is weeping, The clock is ticking soft and slow, And I am nearly sleeping. And as the passing moments flee, More weary grows my held, So as the bed won't come to me, I think I'll go to bed. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 10.-Who has two blue eyes large and bright, Which first alike in day or night ? Who on yard walls will go to fight ? My kitten. Who climbs upon the table high And helps herself ta rabbit pie, Or something else that's good close by P My kitten. Who runs about so full of play, Gets into mischief all the day, And does not heed a word you say P My kitten. Who jumps and paws at everything, And on my dear wife's dress will eling, And then will have the last to sing? My kitten. Who grows into a great big cat, And gets so lazy and so fat That she's no longer after that My kitten P Sm JoN Cpoeuer. 11.-Bold first and next went roaming out One sultry summer's day; Each had a third to chase thefourths Amid the corn and hay. They placed the thirds within two holes The busy fourths had made; And soon they cried, "Those thirds inside Have caused a mighty raid." A fowrth came bounding from a hole- Quite fifth the cou,,le were; They struck and slipped-upon it sixTh, And felt inclined to swear. They flung their sevenths upon the ground, Discomfited and vexed; The fourth sped on, but chuckled low, " Good sirs, 'tis tit for next." V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. TRIPTICH. (Use two words; and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the secondJ Triptich. 12.-A tranquil river skirted close by hills, Save where a break discloses meadows green; A little thicket, where the song-bird trills, And you my ideal portrait now have seen. First Word. Go farther up the stream, just round that hill That seems to bar the way. Ah, what a chaige ! A large expanse of first appears. Stand still; And mark a view as far as eye can range. Second Word. Who could resist a walk on ground so free? I wandered far away. Two hours had passed Ere I retraced my steps. You'll all agree, My folks hit hard in calling me a last. S. MILLS, Birmingham. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele. Lion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 13.-Pat Murphy without work had been for an age, And in his poor stomach gaunt hunger did rage. He savagely glared. gave a mis'rable grin, And felt in his pockets-great holes were therein; Then shifted his quid, frsmt his hat on his head, Slouched along the wet street, and wished he were dead. Just as he was passing a fragrant cook-shop, Ho gave a low whistle and came to a stop, Chuckling and grinning; for, with fun.twinkling eyes, He read in large print, "' Come and taste our pork pies." " Wid the greatest ofplisure," quoth Pat. "Bedad, May saints iver bless yez, me generous lad " He strode into the shop. "Good evenin' to yez I I've jist been atthracted by what yer bill sez, And, egad, it's mesilf a pork pie will taste I" Soon before starving Pat a monster was placed, Of which wondrous morsels he deftly involved Within his huge mouth, where they quickly dissolved. He then smacked his lips, wiped his mouth with his sleeve, And rising, said, " Honey, I'll now take me leave, And tehnsu in socioty circles I wend, Och, yer eplindid pork pies I'll e'er recommend I" So scying, he last through the door like a shot, The uped shopman leaving oollapsed on the spdt. A. c. TRED, Easthourag,
META-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 14,-I am haunted, haunted daily, By a voice that sings so gaily In my ear " In whatever occupation, Its tones of exultation Fills my first with glee, Ever naer In each lone neot to comfort me. When Annie takes her music and in her graceful way Upon the grand piano lightly strums, I only hear the voice that above all seems to say, "I am coming, I am coming when the golden summer comes." Now to-day I go a-boating, And while down the river floating, Loud and clear, Then soft and low, the playing Of the village band comes straying; Still that voice of glee, Ever near, Seems o'er it all to sing to me. The instruments are tuning, and wake sweet echoes round- I hear the muffled besting of the drums; And the words that haunt me still fit themselves unto the sound, "I am coming, I am coming when the golden summer comes." Soon the waiting will be over, And the absent, truant rover Will be here, And again we shall be seeing The loved and longed-for being; And the voice so full of glee, Ever near, No more shall need to sing to me. No more when Robin whistles a sad or lively tune, No more when cousin Drucie dreamy hums, I'll hear that fairy voice-for we'll see each other soon- " I am coming, I am coming when the golden summer comes." EDITH K. RENDLE. DECAPITATIONS. (Drolt the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 15.-Beside an ever.murmuring, glassy first A traveller stopped, and stooped to quench his thirst; Around him stretched a velvet grassy bed, SWhile many a noisy next flew overhead. " How tired I feel," he said, " ah, no one knows! I think I'll lay me down and seek repose." Accordingly, he laid him down to sleep, While birds and trees their lonely vigils keep. But, hark I what's that resounding loud and clear That thrills him through and through with mortal fear P Hard by yon wood there comes the awful cry, " Help I Murder I Help! Quick, quick, or I shall die I Will no one come ? Oh, see I the blade descends 1" The while her shrill alarms the calm air rends, Quick with the thought, fleet-footed as a deer, He ran and reached the wood, alas I to fear That he was now too late, the murderer gone. I No, hark a sound of struggling going on 1 Through briars and brambles thick he rushes through, And soon the murderous scene is brought to view: A young and lovely girl stretched on the ground, And over her a maskid man he found, Holding aloft a long and glittering knife, Muttering, " Confess, or I will take your life!" The blade descends, but, quick as thought, he flies, And deals the man a blow between the eyes, Knocking him over, stunning him awhile, Then turned to help the lady with a smile. 3But what was his surprise to find that she Had risen from the ground, and angrily Demanded explanation for the blow Which he had given to her affianced bean. He told her, when her cry rang on the air, He rushed to aid her, and her life to spare " We're amateur theatricals," she said. "We play the part of 'villain and the maid;' One of our new scenes represents a wood, Wherein we take our part of 'Robin Hood;' To practice well your part it is the rule, And we wore here to practise ours, you fool !" J. G. NICHOLLS, MIIilton. 16.--There are rumours of war all around us to-day, And the air seems charged with alarms; Our hearts are perplexed, for we know not how soon We may hear the dread summons to arms. I have heard many folks talk of war with a smile, And say it's a glorious thing; But, oh, if its primal should fall upon them, What a different tune they would sing 1 Do they think of the widows and orphans who weep Alone in their desolate woe P Could they witness the havoc and ruin that's wrought, 'Twould teach them their second, I trow. It is all very fine, when they read of the deeds Of our soldiers and sailors with pride, To say war is grand; let them just take a peep On its gloomy and terrible side. No, peace is the best ; then in her blest cause Oh, let us do all that we can; And then if the trumpet sounds out the alarm, We will answer the call to a man. For if honour calls us, and war it must be, We'll advance to the charge undismayed, And show to the nations, though peace we desire, Of war we are never afraid. C. F. BARKER, Wood Green. 17.- Again, with sunny smiles, warm, loving Spring Her verdant, leafy screen peeps laughing through, Awak'ning field and grove to life anew : The feathered choirs their sweetest welcomes sing; The tender buds their prisons open fling, And proudly this their crests to heav'n's blue; For o'er their tender forms her robe she drew, Till she had put to rout the fierce Ice King. The brooklet chants a song of first unending, Au once again, in freedom, on it presses; Her ardent beams the cloud-world now are rending, Again we revel in their warm caresses, Whilst one great psalm of thankfulness ascending, Proceeds from e'en earth's dark and dim recesses. G. H. PERRY. 18.-When mashers first collars of rational size, And discard, too, the glasses they screw in their eyes; When ladies their bustles wish pleasure cremate, And scold not their spouses for "coming in late;" When no pretty maiden a willing last lends To the flattery whispered by beaux and their friends; When schoolboys learn lessons with joyful glee- We'll celebrate it with a jubilee ! A. J. D)IcsoN, Bootle. 19.--My first is a kind of medicine, If I have righily reckoned; Some will never take my first' Before they are my second. H. CARTEn. SARRATIVE MIETA-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narlatlive.) 20.-" Upon the cape a humorous man Was stabbed," so says my paper; Now, did the man who murdered him Not" cut a funny caper ?" I see here also that a man Went home and killed his daughter j But puzzled am I how they found A verdict of " Manslaughter." I1, TRAsroms, Ouerdon Green,
NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from a word che,:en, leaving another word cx pressed in the narralivo.) 21.-With frigid mien the fair Pauline Rose from her suitor's side: "I'll not have blue, my dear Andrew, About my house!" she cried. "Abem I" said he, "it seems to me I should consulted be." " Ah. there," said she, "we don't agree; I wish it left to me." "Hear reason, dear. This very year We shall be man and wife; And is this, then, a specimen Of matrimonial lile ?" " Most certainly, till you agree To my opinions, sir;" " Then hang me if, with bride so stif To church I ever stir." "Just as you choose-I still refuse The colour that I hate;" "Then I declare I'll seek elsewhere A wife less obstinate." "And so you can, barbarian I Oh, why did we two meet ? I'd rather lie on straw and die Than have a dark-blue suite." "Well,blue 'twill be!" I" Will it ? We'll seel Now, mind, I caution you, I'll be divorced, if I am forced To sit on chairs of blue." He paused a while. He smiled a smile- And then, with look astute, " Suppose," said he, "you marry me Before you file the suit?" ARI E ZIanirmaE .xs, NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 22.-My friends, I'll treat you to a song- What d'ye think of that? Don't fear; I shan't detain you long-- What d'ye think of that? My song, as you will shortly find, Is of a maid of fickle mind, Who proved alas! too, too unkind- What d'ye think of that? I offered her my hand and heart- What d'ye think of that ? She didn't take them in good part- What d'ye think of that? She took them not at all, in fact, But she my cheek right smartly smacked, And laughed as though a joke I'd cracked- What d'ye think of that ? " What I marry you ?" she oried. "I'll not- What d'ye think of that ?" I rubbed my cheek-'twas rather hot- What d'ye think of that ? I left her presence wild with pain. Now maidens smile on me in vain- I' ve vowed that single I'll remain ! What d'ye think of that ? A. AmBEnLEY, Manchester, 23.-My lady is a tricksy sprite-- In teasing me she takes delight, And cares not for my sighs; And, oh, she is so sweet and fair, With heaps of curly golden hair, And long-lashed, azure eyes. I go to see her every day, And for her kisses I must pay With butterscotch and cake; My lady, too, loves acid drops, Or any kind of lollipops, And loves me for its sake. QUEENIE, Chester. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 21.-Oft I think of this refrain, " When it's raining, let it rain." Wet through all your coats again, " When it's raining, let it rain." If you afterwards take cold, Bear the first like hero bold. How it mingles with the blast I How it beats against the last ! But as we can't stop the rain, When it rains, we'll let it rain, PATRICE S., Belfast. CHARADE. (f'ormed on a word each syllable of which la a word.) 25.-Firm stood my first, within My second keeping, Under my first, my whole, Hidden, was sleeping. Gipsies came there, and stayed, Stole second soon; Broke first and fire made, Cooked whole at noon. MADEIrA, NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 26.-D arkor grow the twilight shadows, G liding far across the land; O 'er the garden's pleasant pathways - We are pacing, hand in hand, " D earest, is the night not lovely ?" "G randl" and then my zeal abates; " O h, we'd better go in now, dear !" " Why?" " I'm sure the supper waits !" LILIA M. K. DoUGLAs, Camberwell.