RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. heIfrt two leotters of a word to form another word, ex. abge h pressed in the narrative.)
L Let bonires blaze, and cannon boom, and trumpets loudly sored loudly of the Jubilee our empire all around; d let ech knight his armour don az-d set his lance in ,redst pegasus to the field his powers there to test, Or u the "Tourney's" mimic fight win for himself a ned with the bravest of the brave tilt at the ring of fame. ong wayh: tour queen reign over us, and " with a ping, pin~ , pinglove, I love but you," or any other thing; isg weetl my the voice of Edith Rendle sing anew Slively "La, la, Isla, la, la," or cheery " Tooral-oo." pear Amy Boehmer I would ask another tale to tell, And chalm again, Sweet heart of mine," "All by the wishing-well Ad frequently 1 hope to hear Miss Clara's light guitar, pnlesi she left it at Boulogne to please some young Picard. Our Chester lark will doubtless trill us many a gladsome soun, Till Queeie is no longer "miss-ed," but mistress-ed by the throng. a Incognita Annie Royston, if she'll list to me, Will chant another stately stave to Miss D. R. O'D.; And Nellie Watson may devise more matri monial schemes, And Amy Denny write again on telescopic themes. In" Rhyming, ever rhyming," "pleasant to the list'ning ear, lay H. A. Taylor, Birkenhead, long in our midst appear; And Syntax Leigh, so long " refulgent with poetic fire," Sing in a manly baritone the " songs we most admire." Of Corporal D., the cycling Volunteer, with bumps so sore, JoKing perhaps will condescend to tell us something more; And Patrick S. might still keep up his merry.going pace With that solicitor so wise who smashed the " scribbling cnes." "When on its western way the beaming sun" so " softly silks," Our Beifast lvanhoe will join us in the "Tourney" jinlks; And gazing far across "the waving corn," his thoughts perplexed, The sprightly J. G. Nicholls oft "may tell us in his next." That ex.attorney's daughter our Foonoolican must wed, For ever since he "warbled high," a cold's been in his head; And from his " next-door neighbours," when his quarter's rent is paid, J.Birrell must remove, unless the muse he would de- grade. "An evening vision " U. P. Mitchell oft should see again, 8. Mills could make a frequent bow without the slightest pain; In z may write of "Fairy Nell," and Langston of " the Dee," And Kennedy again may " sing of girls " this Jubilee. PnaLO, Glasgow. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the arst letter of a word. leaving another word.) 2.-I remember, I remember A certain eve in May, When to a Thespian temple hied The writer of this lay. The audience as I entered raised A murmur of applause, Of which the band that then appeared Was not (of course) the cause. I remember, I remember The first enacted there; A drama-'twas a " mellow" one- Supplied the bill of fare. The villain of the piece was played By one, a histrion, who Is known to every "Tourney" bard- Tom Royston knows him too. I remember, I remember The shudder that ran o'er My frame as that hold miscreant oft Allayed his thirst for " gore." But Virtue won the day at last (Of course, it always should), And soon the villain (double-dyed) Neat weltering in his blood. I remember, I remember That villain's " spirit" when I saw it, afterwards, arrayed Lille peace-abiding men; Yet still some bad propensities Retaining, it at once Commenced to hurl at all around Excruciating puns. A. AMnERLEY, Manchester. 3.-" A thing of beauty is a joy for ever," The poet sings; The songsters' glee, the leafy tree, The tearful flower in sunlit shower, Are beautiful-are joys, I woen, With summer reigning e'er as queen, "A thing of ugliness a joy is never !" Poor primal things I The reptile's squirm, the creeping worm, The insect's whine, the toad's recline Repa~s;ve are, whilst in the ring The crocodile doth reign as king. 'Tis true that ftw may bite and scar, For, undisturbed they second are: Their weapons are their teeth, O scribes, Then battle not with final tribes. V. ID. TAYLOR, Warrington. 4.-A pronoun relative, Yet interrogative, When decapitated, Will quick present instead A something for the head, Oft dilapidated. IN Ez, Liverpool. 5.-Johnny made the first to smoke- Raised his father's second; "Oh," cried Johnny, with a choke, "On this I hadn't reckoned." IHanIONE. 6.--A beauteous shining thing, If you will please behead, What sailors always use Then you will have instead. BASS, Chester. 7--MIy first is used by engineers On benches. Nowbehead, - And a substance very cold You'll surely have instead. ExcELssom. (Drop le DELETIONS. S r the word chosen, leavite another word.) i.-A female's Christian name, if you Delete, another name you'll view. 9 aFr r . E. LEIDHOLD. . an Irish river a lettoi delete, Saiver in Eigland your gaze will meet. I , lItitLL, l'elts5t.
)DOUBLE OMEGRAM, (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another wordJ 10.-Mr. M'Snout was a prey to the gout- A terrible thing you'll confess, I've no doubt; A prey to the gout, and he so stout, No wonder it soured him, and put him about, No wonder he'd shout, and kick up a rout In a style that denoted he cared for nought; For the bane otall trouble to Mr. M'Snout Was to have to stay in when he wished to go out. But Mr. M'Snout was blessed with a son, A son with a love for the set; Blessed with a son, for be had but one, And a delicate youth was he. He had delicate ears, he had delicate eyes, He'd a delicate mouth of a very small size, That somehow gave rise to the vulgar surmise That 'twas really intended for catching small flies I For his lips were so delicate rounded and red, And matched with the delicate hair on his head, Which was splendidly bright, like the crest of some parrots, A tint which is commonly stigmatized " carrots," While his nose, which was of a devotional turn, With its fervour was constantly kept on the burn, And looked with disgust from the earth to the skies- A thing which gave rise to a deal of surprise, Which was first when you came to consider its size, For, besides being of a dull purplish copper, In size, for a nose, 'twas a regular whopper I Now I said that young Mac had a love for the sea, A thing which was perfectly true, A love for the sea in his heart cherished he, Like the most of young gentlemen do. And he thought one day, as the weather was gay, And the river looked tranquil and sunny, As walking was stale, he would go for a sail With his love, for he'd plenty of money. So he sat down and wrote a most brilliant note To his lady-love, whom he invited To " come for a row, or a bit of a blow," If his hopes of the weather weren't blighted. And she, who, like most of her sex, loved a show, As a boat was expensive, determined to go. Oh, the day was fair, and the sun was bright, The sky was clear, and the wind was light; Away and away, through the flashing spray, Over the water wide went they; Singing and laughing and talking and chaffing, On o'er the glistening bay. But suddenly, hark !-what a deafening crack I The sky grows dark and the water black, And the sun, that's been shining his best all day, Seems to think it is time to get out of the way, For as soon as that roar rang over the shore, He vanished, and didn't come bitak any more; And the sky grew so dark, that young Mac in his bark To steer it to landward had never a mark. So he covered his eyes with his fingers so neat, And, forgetting his sweetheart, crawled under the seat, When he uttered a squeak, just the ghost of a shriek, For his tender young lungs were remarkably weak, And he cried in despair, with the roots of his hair lrishtling up 'neamh his topper, " Oh, mercy, look there The old last's sprung a leak 1" and with one more faint squeak, He fell down, head foremost, unable to speak, While she, with an air that was really unique, Said, " Stop up the hole, you big fool, with yer beakl" No sooner thought of and said than done- In went his nose like a flash from a gun; And I've heard it remarked by a person who knew, That as soon as his nose touched those waters so blue, They seethed and they hissed, while a vapoury mist Was seen to rise out from the place where they kissed. Though whether 'tis fiction, or whether 'tis true, I leave it, dear reader, to reason and you. And as for young Mac, with his nose in the crack- Ile was only too joyful to find his way back; Which, thanks to his nose, I am happy to tell, He accomplished, and learnt the wise lesson as well, That, although every cloud has & silvery lining, The sun never knows when it has to cease shining! FOONOOLICAN. ENIGPIAS. 1l.-Space is conquered, time is naught, Every word with wisdom fraught: Every language is thy own, Every sage to thee is known. All the thoughts that mighty are, All the nations, near and far; Everything to soothe and please, Thou mayst have at thy command If thou only ownest these. Every day some one is given, Every day some ore is riven From the rocky mass of mind; Some are good, and some are bad, For the ancient and the lad, For the cruel and the kind; On the youthful and the old Equally they have a hold. A. . STRITCn. 12.-I'm often seen up in the sky, Upon a dark night best; And as an honour some men try To get me on their breast. Perhaps you'll find me on this page- If not, go search the main; For where the surging billows rage You cannot search in vain. Now he who cannot tell my name And what I am at once, Should go and hide his head for shame, And own himself a dunce. W. LEwls, Ironville. 13.-A tree there is that never fades E'en with the fall of summer; It baffles winter, autumn, spring, Yet welcomes each new-comer. Oh, may our friendship ever be To me. my friend, and you, Like fadeless blossoms of this tree, As changeless and as true. I. H. CI.EARCHOS AND V. D. TAYLOR. 14.-I'm very fond of shooting, Though firearms I've none; I'm mostly at the window, And am seen by every one. When young, my shade is very light; But as I'm getting older, I loose my shade as soon as e'er The air is getting colder. G. W. HaxrAN. 15.--It's a wonder you ask for, Yet who would suppose That the more you take from it, The larger it grows P W. H. MAson. 16.-In Dublin town my name does sound, In Ballymote I'm never found; Jn the province of Leinster I never have been, But in Ulster and Connaught I always am seen. W. CAINIBno, Belfast. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. leop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.l 17.-We are gaining new friends every week, But the old ones are wandering away, Frtesh fields and pastures to seek, lBut we wish they were with us to-day. There is one we sorely miss, I ween-~ R. Jefferson is the man I mean. A, A. DYKES, Southampton.
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form anothorord.) 18.-Wreath6d in ever.darkening first, with slow and silent pace, The mournful night, o'er hill and vale, now steadily advances- Soon earth and air are sleeping, wrapped in her grim embrace, And black clouds gather where but now bright Sol shot laughing glances. The zephyrs glide with bated breath along the sad sea- shore, And in the dim and darksome caves sweep with a weird, wild moaning, And ocean,'gainst the beetling crags, next with a subdued roar, As though for bright departed day a requiem intoning. But see I Yon star, with cheering ray, pierces the veil of night, Sending a hope-inspiring gleam across the heaving surges; And, following fast, and bathing sea and shore with silv'ry light, Surrounded by her brilliant throng, sweet Luna'now emerges. And thus it is with all of us ; when troubles drear and sad Compass our lives, and make us think that life is not worth living, The Star of Hope appears in sight, and makes us once more glad- Making existence bright again, and kindest comfort giving. S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 19.-Just a little word or two By way of thanks I send To riddlers here who have not quite Forgot their absent friend. For friend I am-your names I hold Within my memory green, Although my own in Y. F. P. Of late has not been seen. So greeting gladly do I send To one of you and all; And thanks to Amy Denny that My verse she would recall. And this I say to her and those Who still would have me write: Perhaps from now my little cons. You oftener may sight. But be that as it may, I hope That you'll remember me; Believe me, I shall think of you Wherever I may be. KATE FnOUDE ROYSTON. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 2U.--My first is round and very bright, Gives a beautiful silver light; Its ever.ohanging lucent form Rarely appears whilst there's a storm. My last before my first appears- Its course ne'er changes with its years; Reverse the letters of my name, And still you'll find they spell the same. F. Morley, Camden Town. 21.-Come, now, we'll first-our work is done, And then we'll have some next, my son; But of advice just hear one word: When using second, draw the third. F. W. ScoTT, Harpurhey. 22.-Myfirst is the name of a sea; If you one letter change, You then will have a river Within the Scottish range. H. CARTER. 23.-Another word for shore please find; Now change its head, a fruit's behind. THE BEGINNER. 24.-First and fetch that next for me, Then we'll have some last, you'll see. H. MILLS, Birmingham. 25.-My whole, I am sure, you all possess; Change head, I help to make a dress. NosLUocA. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 26.-I am quite overflowing with gladness to.day, And my young heart is buoyant and free; For I find, as I read through a " Tournament" lay, That some one has sung about me. I have oft felt so sad and so lonely at heart, As a stranger to all in the " T.;" But the cause of my sadness will quickly depart Now that some one has sung about me. Oh, what joy I should feel, could I speak to and know Some gay riddlers of dear Y. F. P. ! What-delight to shake hands with Fred Coulson and Gow, And with her who has sung about me. Once I called myself "Scribble," and lately did claim To be "One of the Forty ;" but see I will drop noms do plume, and for aye use my name, . Now that some one has sung about me. S. Woon. HIDDEN MEMBERS OF PARLIAMIENT. 27.-If you've a Parliamentary Guide, Just open it and search inside; Find out the list of members there, And down its columns search with care, For in them you will find, I know, The names I've hidden just below. And he became the hero. Every man Declared he'd try to emulate his plan. So Vincent of Oxford and Vernon of York Made friends with Pat Doolan, the genius from Cork. "If you obey," replied Miss Mary Jane, " I'll surely try to save you from this pain." " Hand me the tape, Eliza, if you will; We'll soon contrive this hideous noise to still." E. W. SHunvEL. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning. but the same in soaund.) 2S.-The memory of our firsot we shout out loudly, All people in our land shall know their name, And say in accents soft and low, yet proudly, " Here died a man who lived alone for fame." The ashes of our last are o'er us streaming, - And from it then we quickly take our way To where the risen sun is brightly gleaming, And making with its radiance all things gay. S. MILLS, Birmingham. 29.-Behold a name, also a tree, An animal as well, Also yourself; or unto me Now, pray, the answer tell. G. W. HALL, Warrington. CONUNDRUM. 80.-Pray, riddlers, attention I Here now is a saranger: . Vheaay in be said An"i" isin'danger? G~anixuatus
DU...aRA1.. (Ohanee the first two letters ofa word to form another wordJ 31.-The Jubilee month is upon us at last, And Jubilee odes are prevailing, But none have been written to forward the poor, Or to publish their pitiful wailing. The nobles' petitions of vari'ius kinds The Queen is petitioned to grant them, Till the first of their gratified vanity sounds Victoria's Jubilee Anthem. There are parts in that authem-'tis usual so; There are tenors, and altos, and basses The gold-polished trumpets gibe mellowing sounds That ring o'er the shrieks of the masses. The church bells are ringing, and silence the peal Of itinerant "muffins and crumpets ;" While the feeble cry of the perishing poor Is drowned in the fanfare of tru mpets. The prayers and petitions presetlt id to her, We pray that our ruler may gia it them ; Till from final ten million strong voices will rise The glorious Jubilee Anthem. ROhBERT LE DIABLE. 32.-" Does first travel faster than light P" A professor asked one day; "Yes," replied a student, " money; But perhaps, sir, you will say, Like me, that money's very next Among the students down this way." COLONNA O'D. ACROSTIC. (A wordor words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 33.-Oh, his the saddest story ever sung- A life distressed; So best for him death's muffled bell has rung, He is at rest; And we'll not wish him back life's ills among, For he is blest. Cross Words. 0 lovid poet, thou of this Hadst double share; Thy saddened life he soothed with bliss And loving care. What joy was thine when news from her Came o'er the sea ! This book shall be a treasure dear- It is of thee. A prince of song who loved thee much, Now passed from earth. A poet friend, 'mong many such Friends of real worth. Upon thy threshold death laid claim To this sad one. Thy sister bore this writer's name, And both are gone. And last, the dearest of them all, The loved and true; For them, for thee, our tears down fall As eve'nin_ dew CHRISTELLA P. CIIELM. CHARADE. (Formed on a word easo syllable of which is a word.) 34.-First does second my whole- Now. Lottie, come guess me; You form part of whole, and in first You daily must be. Take second of meaning-'tis clear, If you read this aright; Your chum in the woole that is here Will solve me ere night. MADEIRA. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 35.-Two-fourths of gore, Two-fourths of pore, And then two-sixths of border; Two-fourths of year, Two-fourths of gear, And then two-sixths of porter. From each word two letters take, Two men's names you'll find they'll make. W. W. LEAPER. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 36.-" T ournament," " Tournament," ever by me Revered for frst gladsome enchantment thou'lt be; O h, think of its blithesome and sparkling delight, Y e riddlers who revel in these pages bright: S ay, when you grow old, will you not be content T o Wcall some of next sweet hours there spent ? O f the " Tourney " page in our dear paper reserved, N o praise can be greatest, no praise undeserved. A. BUTLER, Birmingham. SQUARE ;WORDS. 37.-My first is seen in every town; My second's a well-known common noun; Third's a Welsh word of letters four; My last you're often in on tour. Now, if these words you place correct, I think you will the square detect. F. WILsow. REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 38.-My first is a word of letters three, An honourable Spanish name; Now reverse it, and then you will see A drowsy god of (k)nightly fame. W. A. LANGSTON. 39.-A change 'twill show, when you reverse The letters found in me- Whereas a light you saw before, Now quadrupeds you see. T. P. Cowuneo 40.-A word of three letters please call back to mind, Turn round, and a river in England you'll find. CHILLINGOWA.LLABADORIuE.