RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPTICH. O nd form a third -ord of the last syllable of the oiwe f the fiorst syllnble of the sccondJ Triptich.
n etakes her to the altar, thus he vows a solemn V0.,uld last as long as he or she shall live, all my worldly goods herewith I thee - untthee my lifelong love shall givo." - o .rd that's hidden, and you'll surely find it out, iis a very common word with all, oitisa do not find it, do not the riddle scout, ie very second class one call. or it give a costly thing, as nature gives to men gesa us, and talent, and their brains; eleayoeaur brains and find the answor; I will then b one and all of you have taken pains. First Word. he's as awful woman ! for sometimes she cuts up rough, roughd mes it bad for every one about, difyondare to tackle her, she's very stout and tough, it willing, if you are, to have it out; asce has an expression, part of tigress, part of fox, 'hich really is not beauteous to behold; appearance is not charming, all straggled are her locks, d ber tongue is-well, is not to be controlled I a very pleasing thing that such a one is rare, or she really is a stunner, I must say : iif you ever meet her, I must warn youn to beware, dskedaddle out of that while yet you may. Second Word. ea the magic word is spoken, given the retaining fee, ndthe two are making ready to be one, en there is a general meeting, over this thing to agree, f the parents of the daughter and the son ; eywag their worldly heads over this and over that, d the lawyer with his papers comes at last; e the hearts of those poor turtle-doves go throbbing pit-a-pat, l the dread ordeal is o'er at last; on the happy morn at length arrives, the village bells are rang, nd the clergyman in white officiates ; eperformance then is over, the choruses are sung, nd death's the only thing that separates. IvAeHiox, Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. tage he first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) Oh, ye who have wandered across the broad main, nd have sought among strangers a far-away home, courtiers of fickle Dame Fortune, to gain he favours that lead ye to distantly roam- say, when estranged from your kindred the dearest, ith wide seas between you that seemed ever endless, And your natal.tide nearer did play, a letter of love from your well-wishers nearest ladden the heart that had beat so long friendless, taining the wish-the old magical strain- " Ilany happy returns of the day" ? ye whose dear home is your own native shore, nhose guerdon is labour, whose maxim's content, ose homes are their castles, nor envying more 'han what the All Wise in His goodness has sent- say, when the snows of old age are approaching, euding you slowly away from the loving, And the natal-tide nearer does play, II you feel a sweet solace, no voices reproaching, hen you hear hearts, oemotional-moving, tlsthe wish--the old mystical strain-- "Manuy happy returns of the day "? ye who as soldiers of England are striving o conquer the tyrant and succour the weak. Isnatch from the despot all pleasure deriving rom slavery's ban, and full vengeance to wreak- say, when returning from some hard campaign, ta fatigue nearly dropping upon the hot ground, And youar natal-day once more dawns grey, you get a sweet message from over the usmin, hich flushes your cheek, though by tempest em- browned, sting the wish-the old welcome refrain- ' Many happy retitrs of the day " ? V. D. T. .cs Acertccwucs. 3.-At half-past seven on Monday morn Ito the station wended; I thought of all the joys so near As the steps I ascended. It was, you know, Bank Holiday; I'd planned a nice day's outing; I meanut to hire a boat at Colne, All thoughts of danger scouting. Our train rushed on for half an hour, At last the town was sighted; And no one riding in that train Was more than I delighted. With hasty steps I sought the beach, And sailed upon thue ocean; But soon I felt that awful pain Caused by the heaving motion. I tried to row, but caught a crab Before I scarce had started ; My head went down, my heels flew up- The boat and I were parted. By sheer good luck a passing boat Had noticed my disaster; They hauled me out, and on my chest They stuck a mustard plaster. Oh, had I for a moment known The end of that excursion, Be sure I'd ne'er have ran the risk Of such a wet immersion I F. JosNsoN, Manchester. 4-Whv does the masher dress with care, llanck his eyebrows, curl his hair, SWhy such high collars does he w ear, When walking in the streets ? Why does he wear of boots a pair Too small to fit his sister fair ? W"hy does he like a booby stare At ev'ry girl he meets ? Why does he smile so simply, and Think every one must deem him grand As gay Beau Brummell, understand, And all that appertains ? The reason, sir, I'll tell you pat, Our masher hero is ae" flat," And most deficient too, in that Commodity called brains. APOSTROPHE AND R. L. JEFFERSON. ýlormed OIARAIDE. S on aord eaol syllable of whloh is a word. S urandeur awful to behold * -hlsast upon us burst: : twoiB flashfed, the thunder rolhled- :- ,sin fell leis- a fierce dowemaoua, i addrenched cs to the skin eP ran swift across the moor Toseek a house or inn. h5 ,,_ the thunder ceased to roll ti9 luOoa shouu bright as dyuy hang thorn Ah my remote * ' Lsoox SNowsxso, Bathgate.
METAGRA.MS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-And so you are uneasy, Mr. Mitchell? Well, I'm sure I really hope that by this time your troubled thoughts are o'er; It is not very pleasant to be thinking all the day About a certain demon who in Hades likes to play. I did not give you any clue? For that I'm grieved indeed, Asd so I hasten now to give you one with one-drous speed; And if you closely follow out my empty-brained advice, You'll find that you've discovered my real name, sir, in a trice. Look over all your Y. F. P.'s, and take each lady's name Which has, sir, e'en the slightest right to " Tourna. mental" fame, And write them down on paper, meanwhile glancing up the list To see if any of them by some mischance you have missed. You'll have Marion and Amy, and sweet Queenie, bright and gay, And a Violet and Lily their capacities display; There's a Nellie, and an Annie, and a charming, merry Kate, And a Lottio and a Rosa you will see, as sure as fate. There's a Geraldine, and once there was a fair Christella, too, But that young maid is too well known, I fancy, unto you I A bonnie, smiling Clara, and a Marie, say and fair, And Caroline, and Dorothea, you'll notice, too, are there I There's Teresa, and Diana, and a Jennie, too, you'll find, But I do not think there's any more whom I have left behind ; Now study close each cognomen, and then pick out the one Who is'hiding in this manner for a little piece of fun; And though I know you'd like me all about it to confess, Yet, to tantalize a little more, that last, sir, you may guess. You think it is a knight who wears the first of " Mo- phisto," But all such grave considering, you'll find, sir, is "no go ;" And though, perhaps, my exit, without telling all, gives pain To you, yet I must say farewell-some day we'll meet again. MEPHISTOPIELmcEs, Hades. .~k- tale thrice first is ever new When told and emphasized by you; A smile from you is like a glance Of sun that makes the wavelets dance. A word-a chord of harmony- Such music in fast thralls holds me, To hear you speak is sweetest bliss, When emphasized with love's own kiss. And, oh! to last your form in mine, And steal that kiss from lips divine, Wrapt in a smile, sublime and sweet- I ask no more-my joy's complete! My friend, wherefore this poesy Addressed in glowing terms to me ? Your fervent sentiments I greet With many a smile, " sublime and sweet." Your just remarks about my voice Have caused me greatly to rejoice; But, ah i the neighbours I can't briug To your opinion, when I sing i And then, you know, about that kiss: I think it would not come a-miss- In fact, 't*ould be enjoyed by me, If I a maiden chanced to be! it. W. ANDREWS AND A. AmsmearEY. 8.-Ta callants of ta north did say, Since I wass such a rhymer. Tat I should in ta " Tourney " play, Ta callant hielan charmer. She winna pe ta lancer knight, Ant wear ta iron-clad; To fecht wis proadsword she wad like, Ant pe ta kiltie lad. So here I come in tartan, aye. Ant proadsword for ta lauc:, To sing ta Gaelic song, porpye, Ta "hielan fling," ant sword-dance. But first she'll thocht ta riddle pe Ta thing you could see through, Ant so she'll wrote one for to see, But found it winuna do. Ta first I made wass strange, nae doot, Ta pun you winna ken'd; Her nain eel' couldna find it oot, So it she didna send. But soon you'll hear ta shrill Scotch last, Ant me ta Gaelic sing, While to ta music's thrilling plast She dance ta "' hielan fling." ROB. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of aword is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) 9.-Droffo, friend, I pray thee tell me How to ease myself of pain, For I have neuralgia badly, And it's sending me insane. If you tell me, oh I my comrade, All my thanks are due to thee; For I soon will be out stiff laid If it does not soon leave me. Friend, go out and spend your money Drinking; go out on the " spree;" Smash some windows; then, my "honey," Kiss a pretty female "she." Stop and let her vent upon you All her rage, and you will find, After she has finished with you, That neuralgia's left behind. UIuooG AND DaoFFro. 10.-It stood within a lane, That dear old chestnut tree; From swiftly.falling rain It oft has sheltered me. And later on, when but A youthful, gay young spark, I and my sweetheart cut Our names upon its bark. And now it's got to go- They're going to hew it down; It's filled toy heart with woe, S That tree so old and brown. Ah, well I all things must end, And new things there must bhe; Alas ) no more I'll wend My way to that old tree. P. F. Born. 11.-Thou canst not paint Diana's eyes, She ia- goddess, chiste and fair; And I defy you to portray Her rosy cheek and waving hair. Thou canst not limin that look of truth, That eloquence, within her eyes; Nor can you by the aid of art In colours warm depict her heart. H. Cox.
OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 12.-Years ago I used to say I would never married be, Yet 'twas only yesterday That I asked a girl if she Ever thought that she could wed One so humble as myself, And particularly said I was poorly off for pelf. " Well," she said, " I do not know, But I do not fancy so." Oh, 'twas hard for me to bear ! But I made a last appeal, And I soon became aware That her first was one of steel. But I pocketed my wrath, And into the piercing night Rushed precipitatcly forth, Till the river was in sight. Should I drown myself and woe P Well, I did not fancy so. Johnny, don't take on like that ! You have touched a tender part- I was such another flat When a maiden pierced my heart. Oft I met her in the street As I felt her beauty's power, Till I next the accent sweet. " Hi've been hout just 'alf a hour.' Could I marry her, you know ? Well, I didn't fancy so. Life is but a sham,'tis true- She would wed you like a rocket If the maiden cared for you, Though you'd nothing in your pocket; If my love, so bright and gay, Were chained, like me, in Cupid's fettcrs, I would marty her to-day, Spite of all her misplaced letters. Shall we, then, survive this blow ? Well, I rather fancy so. If those maidens see this con., Will they to the altar go With their loving Bob and John P Well, I hardly fancy so. J. A. MARSnHALL AND ROBERT LE DIABLsE. NARRATIVE OMEGIRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the nlarrative.) 13.-Little Lucy Goldspink, looking fresh and gay, Coming from the meadows just across the way, Little tiny tootsies within those pretty shoes, Picking sweet wild flowers as on and on she goes; Through the little villag-, tripping down the lane, With her bunch of posies glistening with rain, Trolling out a ditty in a pretty voice,- Such is Lucy Goldspink, the darling of my choice. IDA AND U. L. JEFINERSON. META-.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Let Horace lightly tease his friends And flatter in a breath; Let Athens' tragic poets weep, And sing of dreamy death ; Let sages write their pond'rous books, Their folly try to hideo; Let Livy write his histories And blame the Tarqunis' pride; Let comic poets try to raise The city's feeble smiles, And cram their lines with biting wit, And first lay on in piles. Next, sweet Catullus, sing for me Thy pleasant, joybus lays, And thy old statue oft I'll crown With muse-delighting bays. Thou truest genius of them all, Thou darling of the sex, Thy amn'rous shade in Pluto's hall My Cupid never vex! ALcinIlADeS Rt. S"r. RITCII. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (OChange the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-My sweet, the eve is clear and fine, The moon corn-moons with stars to shine; To stroll with me till half-past nine, Pray, tell me are you able, Mabel? And, as we go, love, tell me true-- My chicken, duties you can do ; To make a broth of an Irish stew- No fable-are you able, Mabel ? A joint of meat to roast or bake, A goose, a duckling-or a drake, Sweet flyless pies and tarts to make For th' table, are you able, Mabel ? A-door-ed one, to preserve-from mice- A-.jar of jam, to spread it nice, To toast-not burn-a good round slice Oh, cable, are you able, Mabel ? A pair of socks-not brows-to knit, A pair of feet-not eyes-to fit In holes or out to darn a bit, Oh, are you able cable, Mabel? Two rooms to sweep, keep clean and neat, To be a model to our street, To place my slippers and sung seat, With each of comfort's crumbs complete- No fable-are you able, Mabel ? No needless quarrels to prolong, To smile and own your fault when wrong, And make our life a " grand sweet song," My I are you able cable, Mabel I You might, had you the chance, do this On two pounds weakly ! Yes? Oh, bliss ! To smother me with hug and kiss, Oh, cable are you able, Mabel? To sing d gleesome duet well, To du-et wilt be able, tell ? To form a trio or quartet With friends we may meet or have met, Please tri-O to be able, Mabel. We need not scheme, nor hatch a plot; We'd hatch it warm and catch it " hot," But the old folk's consent I've got, To tie and make a match of th' knot Quite stable we are able, Mabel I JosEPHI, JO.KiNe wITs V. D. TAYLOR. NARRATIVE META-PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Chmnge the first and last letter but one of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 16.-Now is the time-I spy my ohanee, Miss Musa is returning; I'll wait for her with couched lance, And conquer with her learning. I feel the current in my veins, Fast from the heart 'tis pouring; Her fairy hands have caught the reins, And onward we are soaring. Speed on ! speed on I the hundlredth verse Isevery near completion; I really never could be terse, I suffer no deletion. What's this I see-" Declined with thanks; Too long, and far too dreary " ? Groat Scott! I'll seek the river's banks, And and nly life so woaitry. Goodbye! Fareowell! The time has come, My own fate I liave chosen. .. Ugh I ugh a How cold I My limbs are numb ! I'll drown when it's not frozen. S F, Johnson, Manchester.
ACROSTICS. (A word. or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 17.-In the horizon of fame There is a bright star shining, And when you know this man's name, You'll acknowledge that the same Is well worthy of his fame, With no fear of declining. Cross Words. This is what one gets used to; It rides as well as walks with you. 'Tis a colour of the sea, And a dark one, you will see. Pasteur for it is not good, Though pasturage is its food. Servant he's supposed to be, Though a friend in reality. Very useful in its way; Black as night, and light as day. Rich and poor possess alike, Whether 'Dolphus or poor Smike. Seventh's a word of letters two. Now I've done I'll say " Adieu." W. A. LANGSTON. Foundation Word. 18.-Pretty little songster, Singing 'mongst the trees, Singing blithe and merrily, Singing men to please; When the moon is shining, And every other bird Is gently, quietly sleeping, Then your voice is heard. Cross Words. A magician of old am I ; In Asia this meets your eye; A damsel oft pretty and coy; While fourth is the name of a boy; To some I am rather too quick.; You are this if you ever are sick ; This comes in the middle of day ; And at this you must frequently pay ; I hope you won't call me this; From tenth I would crave a kiss; And last bids me still go on, But I can't, for I've finished my con. A. A. A. DYKES AND It. L. JE,'FIenRson. Foundation Words. 19.-The whole is a hero that I much admire, A mighty histrionic light, forsooth ; A great enactor of the poet's fire, Beloved of England and this humble youth. C'oss Words. First is the happy place whore most good people dwell Second is my native land, I'm proud of it as well; Third in the winter's cold, and very, very dark; Fourth is what the dove did Noah first sent from the Ark; Fifth's a happy time in life, the time to save the pelf ; Sixth is, well, myself, "that's me," when speaking of myself ; Seventh is like the globe, the east or western hemiplhoro; Eighth is, well, a modest flower, and one I love fult dear; Ninth is cold, aye, truly, but it glistens clear and bright; Tenth is most distracting in the middle of the night; Eleventh is what we work for; famous for its scarcity. And now I'll bid you all good-bye. Bon soir! Remember me. J. W. SKwE,L Foundation Veords. 29.-Printals the name of a maiden will be Who writes in a graceful measure ; Her cons., which appear each week in thb "'r.," Afford us a great deal of pleasure. Cross IVords. MVy first is a part of the human frame; The second will be a femal's name ; In third a city large you will seo; Fourth is a name oft found in the " T.;" Fifth is a liquid of a blackish hue ; And sixth is a part of each of you; Without the seventh we could not live; Eighth to the poor ofttimes we should give; Ninth is the chief of the Warrington clan ; Tenth is the name of a leading statesman; The eleventh a foreign fruit will be; And a riddler's name in twelfth you will see. J. BIRIELL, Belfast. Foundation Word. 2i,--Winds swirl and rush to make my form, In fact, a veritable storm; And should I knock you down, well that Will show me up quite plain and pat; And you will say, no doubt, that I Should e'er be reckoned rather " fly." Cross Words. I hope my first won't trouble you For rent or any debt that's due. Upon a map my neot you'll see, And perpendicular 'twill be. A kind of bird please find for third; Its feathers are much prized, I've heard. In whatever place your lot is cast, I hope that you will this at last. RI. L. JEFwERSnON AND DROFFO. Foundation Word. 22.-0 joyous singer of the " T.," Long may thy harp in tune remain; Thy songs oft fill my heart with glee, And chase away its care and pain. Cross Words. This is the opposite of war; This is the Christian's guiding star; This quality is free from guilt; This is the name of youth's heart-flame; This is not kept where blood is spilt, S. Woon. CONUNDRUM. 23.-Why does a picture-dealur resemble an artist ? H. Cox.