RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM. (Change the frLt letter of a word to form another wordJ
L-I dreamed a pleasant dream to-day, While sitting in my room alone, For mem'ry wandered far away To brighter days that long have flown; And so I fain would sing in rhyme, E'en though it cost me some regret, The mem'ry of a bygone time I can't forget. While in my dream I wandered through Old scenes familiar to my sight ; Round Mosely, Sparkbrook, Smallheath, too, I sauntered with a keen delight. I sought each well-remembered friend; But how much darker things did seem, To find, when at my journey's end, It was a dream. For weeks-nay, months, I've watched and known, Among the bards who bravely filht, Five lasts that hare familiar grown, Whose presence fills me with delight. No longer can I silent stand, No longer can my pen keep dumb, When riddlers in this riddling band Belong to Brum. To Mr. Loveless I would bring The laurels he has surely won; To Mr. Carter I would sing Of first well earned for work well done; To Mr. Royston praise is due- With joy I read each pleasant con. Oh, may he and his sisters two Fight bravely on. I dreamed a pleasant dream to-day, While sitting in my room alone; For mem'ry wandered far away To bygone days that long have flown. And so my pen in hand I take- A note to Brum I fain would send, To ask each bard, " for old times' sake," To be my friend. MArio0 L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.( 2.-On a summer day so dreary, while I pondered weak and weary Over many a famed and noble writing of grand men of yore, I to first a theme was trying; suddenly there came a crying, Came a sobbing and a sighing, crying at my chamber door. "'Tis the pussy cat," I muttered, "crying at my chamber door," Only this, and nothing more. Came the voice, now loud, now groaning, next and high, then low and moaning. And each separate sobbing, sighing, pierced me to the very core. Vain I cried I'd ne'er be teasing our old Tom, but e'er be pleasing; Yes, I cried, I'd e'er be pleasing, pleasing him they call a "bore"- Rim, our "lovvy liddy pussy," whom the neighbours call a "bore !" (Nameless here for evermore). And the window shook and trembled, and more noises quick assembled, Thrilled me, filled me with an awful anger never felt before; But above the outside babel rose a voice both strong and able : "'Tis the dog I gave to Mabel, howling near my chamber door, Yes, the dog I gave to Mabel, howling near my chamber door, That it is, and nothing more." Presently, my anger stronger, hesitating then no longer, " Fan," said I, " or Tom, you rascal, for forgiveness now implore;" Bnt still loudly came a crying, came a sobbing, and a sighing ; " Cease that howling and a crying, crying at my chamber door. Ah, I'll find and whip you soundly ;" here I opened wide the door- Dark, bare walls, and nothing more, Back into the chamber turning, anger strong within me burning, Soon again I heard a howling somewhat loader than before. "Surely," said I, "sure this bawling only is a ' coster' calling His old wares. What is he calling? I'll this mystery explore, Let me get my hat a moment, I'll this mystery explore." Empty streets, and nothing more. Open here I flung the shutter, and as well as I could utter, Asked the folks, my own relations, while a dreadful frown I wore, To explain in words defining all this bawling and this whining. " Oh," cried they, " the baby's whining, crying on the second floor, On a rug close to the fireplace, 'neath you on the second floor; There he cries, and-nothing more!" EDITH K. RENDLE. 3.-People rave of Rome and Cadiz, Celebrated for its ladies, And the beauty of the Rhine has been extolled up to the sky; Then we're told Boulogne and Paris Nothing we know half so fair is; While the proverb of Italia is : " See Naples, sir, and die." With the very best intention, I will next proceed to mention: As a nation, our elation far exceeds our common sense. We've attractions close at hand, sir, And I fail to understand, sir, Why the noble Briton chooses to incur expense. Surely Kenilworth and Warwick Have a quantum sus. historic To appease the most exacting ? while the scenery sublime Of Gny's Cliff and Maiden Newton Ought to satisfy a Teuton ; Bonnie Scotland boasts a moantain if you're yearning for a climb; Take a peep at fair Llaufyllin' Or shall I be after tillin' Ye Killarney isan illgant resort, now--hould yer whist I For, apart from being witty (?), Dear old London, as a city, Is a gem (if Elightly foggy), and should not be missed. Now there's Scarborough, and Bris ol Brighton, Cowes, the alace Crystal, ·Worth a visit for exquisite pyrotechnical displays; Dover, Deal, Southead. and (Greenwich, Famed for whitebait, pork, and spinach; Whiie.at Rosherville it's stated, "You may spend a Or, if life's an empty dream, a Man may take a penny steamer, Ah arriving at that thrivmglittle garden known as Kew, SPartake of tea and eresses, 3Wich the hugan oa.refresbe- At least, that's my opinion n nn. ,- l a o t. . .. .rtz o
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters ofa word are transposed, and form another word in the narratlveJ 4.-Ye evening shadows that obscure the view, And clothe the meadows in a mantle grey, Take on your darkest tint, your gloomiest hue- Assume your most funereal array. Ye.brooks that flow with merry, tinkling note, No longer gurgle gaily thus along; Your voices to lugubrious sounds devote, -And doleful lamentation be your song. Ye light west winds that play among the trees, And rouse to ecstacy each rustling leaf, Swell, swell your forces to a whistling breeze, And wail, and moan, and sigh like one in grief ! Ye owls impart unto each hoot and screech More agonizing tones, or else be mute. Ye little birds, that warble in yon beech, Attune to piteous plaints each tiny flute. Ye cirrus-clouds that now in purest white Float in the currents of the upper air, Assume the blackness of a moonless night- Obscure the sun, that gloom reign everywhere. Ye fates, who fill with bitterness my cup, Strive as ye will, ye cannot further blight. Freedom, farewell I Her holiday is up- My sister Kate is coming home to.night! D. Gow. 5.-A youth strolled along by a murmuring stream, Lost in the mazes of thought, it would seem, For his face would light up with a radiant gleam As he roved through the groves of a bright noon-day dream, Till he stopped of a sudden and smiled. He gazed on the water so placid and clear, For a beauteous figure to him did appear, And he rapturously worshiped the idol-oh, dear!- Declared his devotion entirely sincere, And quoted Tom Moore-wretched child. He'd fallen in love with his shadow, forsooth, For Nature had made him a beautiful youth; So he gazed, and he drank in the unabridged truth; It suited him nicely, it wasn't uncouth, And his gazing grew very intense. He thought 'twas a nymph who infested the place, And he cried out: " Oh, dear, what a beautiful face !" S), full of expression-replete with real grace- "I love thee! oh, fly to my burning embrace !" His fervour was really immense. A masher he was, but he hadn't the hat; And as for an eyeglass, he really lacked that; And, to judge from the nonsense he put in his " chat " Like all " dudes," on calm reason he viciously sat, So headlong he rushed to his tomb I He recoiled with a shout, but with fire in his brain He tried to catch hold of the vision again; And he bitterly cried in his anguish and pain: " Oh, come to my bosom," but all was in vain, His pleasure was shrouded in gloom. Put finding no answer to this wild appeal, He drew from his dirdle six inches of steel; He saw he must die, for his love wouldn't heal, So on his existence he put the black seal, So he did the esthetic, and died. His blood fed the ground, and a flower so rare, Sprang up to commemorate this sad affair; But it isn't political that I can swear. It's a plant that with safety each person can wear, And nobody dare to deride. KITCHNER AND WELLS. CURTAILMELNTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavinz another word.) 6.-Softly ringing, sweetly ringing, Are the village evening chimes, Happy recollections bringing To my mind of bygone times- Times when their notes full of gladness Found an echo in my heart; Now my heart is filled with sadness As they on my hearing start. Years have passed since last I heard them- These my native village chimes- Since I felt the joy which stirred them Just the same in other times. They are changeless still, as ever, Still, their notes are full and free. Shall I be as then ? Ah, never i Years have wrought a change in me. Last the wind firsts in its madness Round these happy village chimes! Yet they still ring on in gladness As they rang in other times. Why should I, then, be aweary ? From the world why stay apart P No; these chimes harmonious, cheery, Teach a lesson to my heart. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 7.-D ear riddlers, see an Asiatic land- G ive not a thought to its barbaric show; O d'riferous flowers, though, here in beauty blow, W hilst lovely trees are by the breezes fanned, D ear riddlers, now this country please curtail; G one is the land, and what appears instead ? O nly a part of a man's face or head, W hich I expect you'll find. Now do not fail. P. S., Belfast. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 8.-A riddle, friends, I now have here- With joy I trust you'll scan it; In whole there quickly will appear A very well-known planet. Now please curtail, and you'll agree This word is never pleasing. Reverse-an animal now see; He'll butt if him you're teasing. M. F. Grxam , Fermoy. 9.--This is a well.-known fruit you'll own, In foreign countries it is grown. Now change its head, if done aright A material then will come to sight. Decapitate, and you will find A kind of seed is left behind. Cut off its head, and then I ween Au animal is surely seen. Restore its head and then transpose, A fruit it surely will disclose Now please behead, and then I know, A useful organ it will show. G. PIcrKEaze, Bilston. PALINDROBME. IA wnrt whi'h rial hq an nri nr f.As n.,.. 4 ,..ni c.. ..m. a
10.-I watched him from the doorway, As along the road be went, And I instantly surmised that he On murderous whole was bent. For he boae a dissipated look, And face with ugly leer. So. instinctiv ily, I followed, Keeping closely in the rear. I dogged his footsteps up the road, Until the'river by, When, walking quickly to the edge, He muttered: "You shall die I" But ere he moved, I thundered oat : " What mean yon, man, by that?" He grinned, ad;tnrning round, replied : " r&ona too Brown the cat I': . T. Rirosr, Birmingham.
BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 11.-There dwelt in England once a miser, An avaricious, scheming, hardened elf, Who thought no man on earth could e'er be wiser Than Simon Scrapps-his dearest friend-himself I He hated other people just as w'armly As other people scorned and hated him; And in such social style for years existed This willing outcast-cold, and grave, and grim. One Christmas first he wakened from his slumber, And heard a frightful banging next below; With no unneeded clothes his frame to cumber, He soon was dressed, and iu a perfect glow Of wonder at this unexpected visit, He hastened-down and opened wide the door, When, to his mingled pleasure and amazement, A well-stocked hamper rolled in on the floor. To open it was but a second's action, And then-the glance of triumph in his eyes- A turkey, finely cooked (immense attraction), And two full champagne bottles, formed the prize. Themiser fairly shrieked with exultation, And rolled upon the floor in sheer delight; No thought about the sender, vexed his conscience, Nor whether to devour the goods was right. He spread his dirty cloth upon the table, And took a rusty penknife from his coat ; Then, slashing out as hard as he was able, He scraped the knife across the turkey's throat. This act completed, and the bottles opened, Old Simon gave a sudden yell of rage; The bottles held a good supply of water- The lovely bird was stuffed with mud and sage I F. G. WEBB, Southwark. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The inal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 12.-'Twas years ago, but I see her yet, With her pearly teeth, and locks of jet, When she said to me: " Oh, Charlie, let Me call you mine for ever." I kissed her lips, she murmured low: " My darling, I do love you so, You are my own, and this you know, We'll ne'er be parted, never!" 'Twas years ago, but then I bought A ring of pearls, and so was caught; And she-well, she, of course she thought That she had me for ever. But once we quarrelled-all pairs do- And I was stubborn, she was,. too; We both were foolish-what think you P- And so we had to sever. 'Twas years ago-I was an ass, She really was a pretty lass. I then did think that I could pass The years with her forever. But all has changed-my hair is grey, She's married now, and far away, And all that I can do, or say, Will give her to me-never! Cross Words. Folks will often first and jeer At a man whose words they hear. Second cross word emanates From the famed United States. This inscription oft I hear : "Glasses, this side up, with care !" Little birdie, on the wing Let me hear you sweetly sing. In the howling, shrieking gale These will firmly hold the sail. W. D. PICKERnIG, Southwark. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 13.-My life was wretched, dreary, dull, My health was fast declining; Sad truth to tell, I first full well For something I was pining. I sent for Susan Jane, the lass Who cooked my daily dinner : Said I: "My dear, 'tis very clear I'm hourly getting thinner." But, as I spoke, a next thought came. Cried I, as hard I smote her: "Bring, bring to me, immediately A tender, luscious-bloater I" E. L. HOLLAND. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wnorl. 14.-The stars in their beauty are whole, so they say, To count them, a task ne'er completed; But take from the whole, a number to-day, And less will be left to be treated. Count if you can, and make known what you find, The number needs no calculation; The less then you try to bring to your mind, More success will await meditation. W. KIMPTON.