RIDDLE TOURNAAM ENItIA. '
'.-I'm an awfully, cnuely illtpyted thing-. For me a sad lifetime was certainly written. The biffets of Fortine give many a sting, ' But worse are the buffets I get from the Briton. By hand after hand am I thumped, bumped, anods And even the small boys delight as they fling Me hither and thither with force most appalling, And sometimes they thwack me with sticks whe falling I I'm bruised, banged, and battered, as though it mattered A jot, though my nerves be all haken and shattered By ill-disposed wretches, at which I'm not flat But out of revenge very oft have I scattered A crowd in my course, and with terrible force Pursued somevile caitiff who in days gone by Ill-used me, and "landed him one in the eye l" But wait! 'Lot me state 'tis my terrible fate, By the "humble obscure" even more than the gr By ignorant urchins and ragged rapscallions, And gangs'and.battalions of tatterdemalions, To be hurled with bounding, astounding velocity. And though my .tprmentors own much precocity ' Also ferocity, no generosity Moves them, and mine is a terrible life, Invariably rife' with trouble and strife. But emotion o'ercomes me; my self-respect's prick For, worst pang of all, I was made to be kickedi And now, though my name is not changed, but tr 'Twould really surprise you to hear of my fame; For }ere I'm endowed with wealth, beauty, and gr And see in my different form some new phases (facea)T The Marquis of Meath, and the Viscount Tom Nol Whose collar's so tight, it's impossible quite To twist his head round without twisting his body; The "dude," and "the masher," "consummatelyc The swells and the belles, who like butterflies flatter Around, while " soft nothings" they stutter andm The dandified pa's and the dignified maters, The swallow.tailed swells, and the swallow-tailed w The black.whiskered signor, the dark-eyed signora, The poet who wrote" An Address to Aurora;" 'The " sculpist" who "sculped" a grand statue of And more birds who are and are not of a feather, In foul or fair weather I summon together, And- Hallo I By Jingo I perhaps I had betturs Bbreviate with the addendum et cetera. And now do you know me ? My name's- Have hit it P No ? Bless my soul ! Why, I'm-ha, ha !-in you And when you've discovered me you will admit it. F. R. COULso0,,lo METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another worl 2.--The moon above doth brightly shed A clear, cold radiance all around, That hurried passers may not tread Where slide o'erspreads the dry nest grog The poet gazeth on the moon, While dreaming thoughts possess his b Unconscious of the snare which soon Will sink his mind to earth again. One minute sees a moonstruck first, Who pensive face anid eye doth wear; The next a man-oh, fate accursed !- Who wildly cleaves the frosty air. S.-My Julia's cheek is like the rose That in first sunny garden grows; Her eyes are of the violet's hue, Sparkling in the morning dew. Her little mouth is coral red, And golden is her pretty head; Last is indeed beyond compare, By far the fairest of the fair. LADY C 4.-With my dear oldfirst fox I was having a eut, When up third Jforth Cox, looking rather perpl Her fifth I have told, 'tis the sixth as I've said; She is fifty years old, and has been three times 5 Her seventh is great, that's a fact beyond doubt, And how sad 'tis to state she is last with the gout T. STo BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word 5.-" Sing a song o' sixpence "-sure, I'd do no thing ! Why should sixpenee make me lift my voice and sing Now, if it weie'a thousand, or e'en a hundred pound Well, then, no doubt, you'd hear me emitting Jo sounds, Or I might even'singif '=tere a ten-ponnd note. But sing a songo' sirpence!.Ttcdlief sing of a groat. Or if 'twere sing of five.pounds, I think I might do Or even of asovereign, to buy a new spring hat. But sing a song o ps'ýapence . Tat's making too n fuss!l 'Tis really quite tob stupil: 'tis most ridiculous! Now, if I sang of sivp~ ce, sthat would the peoplesy They'd say I was a miser, to sing of such a lay. I've first to the conclusion the man who wrote rhyme Was an awfully stingy fellow in his youtlfni time. And when old age next on, "crbation's lord" out To be a grey old miser-qa miserable old lonut E'nrTn K. Br LOGOGORIPH.. (A word which may be treated as a metagram decapiisl,o tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect nworn s1I oaeration.) 6.-When whole, I ar part of the dress, Worn only by ~omef I confess- Mostly by ladies. * Behead me, and then will be found An implement used for the ground In agriculture. Behead again, and . To this add:a fourith art of soot, It then will make part of the foot-- The extremity. NABRATIVI 'TBANSPOSrtION. (The letters of a word are trnsposed, mnd form another the narrative.) 7.--Wliat' st'siid is thadt' hidh sirikes the ear Of Jenkins,atl aCitli sudderi fear, He.pulls the bedclothes o'er his head, And listens, qunaing, halfin dread ? Is i', oh, can it be the cat ? , '' ' Nb;,Jeiniklnd thinks, it Can't be that. Is it a burglar P At the thought - .Pooo"Jeniins i.d.?th, fear:disaranght. iBu; T i ise-hwrhat can it be? S Oh; horror I~ Fobtstepsidn the feoor, S And someone opes his~bedroom door; .. formappgars,LwoiehstealthY treadl, Ahd nearer creeps towards his bed. A gleaming knife it holds on high: .,. o longerastillanJenkins lie, i
loe ttersa Ino wor to otrm another word$. (01 ,vOidast the tumult of the city, : r Where the peoply . oh en the bells' t Christmatnis ditty, 3 yn.. -"ý.uif'eOziO and 1ow,' , Bang from idistaut'tower and steeple, rom a narrow court emerging," ... ' Borrow-laden; -- To the limelighti'sivid glale, ' ii Tharg h'the hrowd By housands surgiugr Telling of p. life of care, Sang5a iittlifbeggar maiden, In the brown eyes of the singer r . - Teardrops glisten, Pouring forth her tale of Woe' No one cares to idly.lihger In the swiftly-falling snow- Ilo one lends.an eat to.listen To the accentS, a ifiging sweetly. Bells resembling; No one firsts the pallid face 'Which the smiles have left completely, Leaving not a single trace; Hundreds pass her, cold and trembling., Fainter grows the plaintive wailingS As they leave her; Lower droops the golden head- All the childlshhstrength is failing, All her courage now hassled-- Hope has proved a harsh deceiver. But within the Shining City:,' Angels, listening, Hear the last despairing'ory; Stretching forth their arms in pity, From their glorious home in high Floated downll pale and listening. From the life of care and sadness, Shaiie and sorrow, From this'world's temptatiopd safe. - 'Midst the harps' sweet strain of gladness, Thus the little homeless waif Woke upon the joyful morrow. " MAUiON L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. ,atting once more in a sorrowful moo'd; hap on a neighbouring paling, sit full of pain as I mournfully brood each daily struggle and failing; not a bit though the man at the door ing (and vengefully shaking to poor me " to vacate his first floor; "' stick here, and provI'm nott;uaking. y, it's his railing; well, really, thfat's true why should I lose my position Ilighestpotition my life ever knew) P ,i, air Stop threat and petition, I shall stay I Oh, you'll send out your dogP do I hurry up, sir! I'm ready, rely for murder. By Jove, here's a log I fire I Hol he's dead; now, hold steady. shI a light step and a sweet little form I sheo Down I 'st from the paling. y, lack I"" Why, my darling I" Fly, shadow and storm, with next anguish and wailing; nger I wish to remain on the fence, dwell on my care and my sorrow- that all trouble is banished from h nce, Joy only dwells in the morrow,- . F. 0. Winsn, Southwark. DECAPITATIONS.' irop the frst letter a a word, leaving another wordJ -Prom rocky first, at break of day, A rugged band of Scots pours out, And down the mountains make their way. With many a fierce, exulting shout. Theu, growing silent, stealthily' They to the vales below descend, Shelt'ring behind each bush and tree, Or aught that can concealment lend. Bight soon their goal that silent band Have reached-a village stands beneath, They pause; at the low-toned command, Each draws his olaymore from its.sheath,- Adjusts his target; then, like houns: Just liberated from the leash, Each down towards the village bboiid& With slogan like an eagle's scre'.h, Ileseoted I Recklessly they all Proceed.to load themselves with spoil i PhI cattle. taken-from the stall, They load with produce of the soil. Why have the'villagers thus fled ? The answeris a'dstant roar, .:",. As from the hillsides overhead The victimsn of the foray pour. Swift arrows whistle through the air, Discharged,Irom coverts round about ; And hampered by the spoil, they bear, The pillagers are put to rout- A fitting pnilshiment for them; And o this l;is ttod thq.te, Bow, by a simle stratageml, These men o.dtest'rep ulsed-the Gael. - D. Gow .. visited a celebrated poet tnight when fast asleep within my bed I acannotoredit that ? your faces show it- Shim in a dream, I should have said. 4eethis bard, so cleveraaud so gallant, W in woitin tihe '"." a decent fame; riddles showing great poetic %alent printed once o'er his fatfiliar name e then groaned,.I ween, !sheath Imany a hundred fs.he'd written in his'leisure time;. Whea he ceased tb write, we sadly wondered haad wearied bf' composingrhyme, mih, 'm sure, a moedelightfulpastiine thidle w.iti iid onid could reveal. Sie, mourned his absence for the last'time, 'itorpheus led me to his, domicile. te (I and LMorpheus) without ringing, tiousy ascended stair bh stair, . pposite a cdietdin dodr'me bringinag, ,.. ". conductdr bade me 'nter here . tPped, but no reiponse forthco *ing the handle and walked intheordm o m cl s, gtveyour buanjoa good strumming, have news, that will dispel your gloomt) ' 1 an Sm.rnhtir uie"tly reppsing, . :, h, our long-lost fsiin6uspoet~(riendi. eranie, near whith h w ozing , dream, but my. (ifinvietion.sit is ,;t for soon,his ditties dndiedegh be pent, ,to youll o : ca , i oere your baisib. tlgo*'ouely.,tum ! " p know the reoain6' of t~ tilence ::"':' M sed you once to look sed very gln. . 'o 'Azoaanh.B entishTow,. ISl hena~letter ~t a wed-e eis1eh anotheiniword. '-n Eirstyou will eilyg fia'nd · .I', .V ery useful inetrudient: ' "" :- " ,?eyo'.wyUbring.tomind· IIu r 'i, ET. Seia~aBarminnheni,
(Change thq lasst ttter but one of a wbord , form anot~ier ~.) 13.--T.henkniglit'"s old; Time batl impirssed Xts seal'of gloom upon his crest, And o'er.his brow in furrows cast ui A deep-set record of the past. Yet is he young, in heart. , His eye Gleams froia its, aae as fiarlfssly, As in his yopng days', whez: hishand 1Wst to his sword a Bight's commnand! S 'Hisifmbs ard weakened ~bythe stbrm Olife, that lotig has radked his forms Yetis hi .heart as firmi as tree, ' for As loyal, as if youttl."r w it. Had crept into his aged frame, And bade him ridea tilt for fame. it But now his sword is laid aside, wb With motion and lance, though eyed Still with a pardonable pride. 'tit Brave heart I he served his cohntry well- His doughty deeds how many tell Who touch the harp and lilt the lay In lordly hall or roadside way I And how the loving seneschal 'Loves, 'mong his children, to recall The day Sir Gilbert's castle stood Siege from the Roundhead brotherhood, Who strove in vain to daunt the hearts That served their king, and played the parts Allotted them by their old lord, Who cheered them on,.by many a word 'Which told, as did the firm-set ja in How little could the foemen awe hi One who served King, and Right, and Law tb And, when the castle (alls were scaled, Brave meh among the enemy quailed h' Before the mien of the old lord, B Who, with his trusty, two-edged sword, h Singly held back th' invading horde. h Proadly he told how, in the fray, Sir Gilbert foremost was that day, And by his prowess aided well The vict'ry which his side befell. Old knight I! declined is now thy sadr al But many were the tonours won By thine unflinching bravery. And thou mayst put thy weapons by, w At next you rest deservedly 1 If warfare calls on warriors now, Give place to younger men than thou : 4lthough thou'rt gallant as of yore, Thou'rt weak, also; therefore, no more May clarion call thee to the fray, As in a bygone, younger day. Best, withthy children, in content, Nor grieve that age thy strength has spent; JlFull nobly hath thy task been done: Thy peace is meet, for it is won I JENNIE Aarnua, OMBGRAM. (The 4st letter o! aword is changed to form another word.) t 14.--Tis but a single primal hair, And yet it rouses in my breast Fond recollections of the fair, o And thoughts that will not be suppressed-- I cease to eat my food with zest. SOnce more upon uqy memp.r.: ,,:, Flock old-time visiong' ii a troop: My dark-eyed Sue again I see'o~ The centre of a laeghing~gronp, (Confound the thing:I It's spoilt my soup) i How oft I nexte about her clms-s * My lost Susannah)- How would tick " ty heart-watci.li.ke" when in my arms I pressed her, and; with motion quick, Kissed away half her cosmetic ! Confound thething l- It's spoilt my soup I It is not memory m;kes me:frown; No old thoughtiprompts the stern reproof I give thd waiter (obtuse clown ),. No; 'tiethehair I cant wash down ! .D. GOW AND J.4,P. ;:HKAsRINTONI ' .REVERS+Ih:F" y :,I (A word whefread backward forme' another word.) 15.--(h jIor a themjfirst which to write, Asubjedt.dt'ff'rrhynre, O; w.'O ich Isiifht s6roe"lines" fncie,. 4 " - ?.p an hour's time. ' 4, w -old inbver do to write of spring, , : ,.gs quite a month too soon; The beirdshnave not begun to sing- Th ir throats are out of tune. " I aet6ioing of winter-no, :3'mrtied of it quite; . :i : . , " earth's spotless robe of snow" Wopld vanish from my sight., I cannot writehbout the stars That thi' the Milky Way " .. Of Venus, Jupiter, or Mars I cannot write a lay. I have no " girl" about whose eyes A sonnet I could write; My Kate broke all our loving ties, And ran away last night. Of beauty I nezt more can sing, Save in a doleful strain; That theme to me no joy:can bring . Till Kate:cores-b aok.gain. S - he i mlistl ad- sid~' pe`.h. .. And idly think and dream; Nor will Itake it up again Until I find a theme. S. Woon. 16.-If you read me and let me remain, - Military plunder you then will flnd; But turnme around and.read again, I'm used for work of every kind. ,d J. SrocKs, Lambeth, NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the finl, letter of a word,.leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 17,-For the first time in the " Tournament" "''. ,You all 'o see my'name'; But oft ere this 'twas my intent . 'ro join its-lists offame:' ' Andnow at length when I have been Enlisted as,aknight,,, . ,. 'lMy dame in future will be seen In every riddling fight. BHut glrrailous I willnot be, " As this is my first tid' ' So I bow me out fiom the "Tourney,"' And end my riddling rhyme.. ' M. .. iK.,LY. Ballyhaunis.