ri)DTLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. o ih rl e ~l s or fr sis still the same, t, resacd ill theo nllrra;tive.)
o- list to the wail of the unhappy maniden! S0ear hier, ye diseugaged bachelors all I e lor s, wils landladies heavily ladeu, paud to the lone one's discousolate call! ein ot, ye fair sons of manhood, her glances; Treat not with contemp th affection she'd give; yue blesedluess never luanu's value ,,nlhances, .ndi somne ouo rmust, wed that this maiden may live. 6e, jost want's au husband, kind, loving, forgiving- - ho dcnt request I am sure you'll admit- A'L.soled companioun who'd make life worth hevii, -1sl let her act always as bhe might think fit. -hr's essily pleased, for she wtants not a beggar, _t, -yet is she anxious to capture a lord; gfi s'tks not to shins as " My Lady It atg'regor," But just to be somebody's "only adored." ;he wants not a carcase, fat, flabby, and greasy, Tormented with sout or the liver comIlaint ; Sor needs she a skeleton, gloomy anud wheey-- Asour hypochoudriae under restraint. She seeks not a boy, nor a bald-headed father, ilut ,imply a husband her equal in age- - toshalusant who never would scold, for she'd rather He'd :eep down his temper when she's a in a rage. She is not addicted to vain ostentation, ~ , therefore, she car.s not her virtues to vaunt; ier vices, too trilling for consideration, she knows are too few a good husband to daunt. p,,a wii not s,,me hachelor, dismally lonely, : oon;c rou'm l'r this maid at his cheerleos liresidc ? SLB- il prwis' to love: and obey, if he only Will pop the dread question and make her hi:; bril". PiinLO, tilasgo w. NAIiRATIVE t)U.AUllRA31. legs the list t iwe Ioters of IL we I I t si n O U aOLhier0 is Ird, er * p- e Iset n a l e li ear'lrsal'.' )enis, inei bhoy, yez be drinlkin' too much 1:'r t .I .f yer young yea.rs; Why doean't .iz tlake an examiple from ui', .ed tryy o spay your arrears ? " If it i n't careful yez are, we will foinld Te nil lin'g a drunkard's grve' ; Tl:eu"--in a supulehral tone of voico- " Give up the spirit, ye slave 1" "Keep up the spirets by pourie:t th.:n dlovwn" Is a mue to too well kniu v ' " Which gives an excus.e te i, ea'.s of " ulu;" " 'ro osc--not leave them aloe'. This advice was tendered to " elnui::, to: Ih,)," :i oseti wiVonn we ouverheard, :, ire, l, for the welfa:re ,f liiu Whi spl :ictred as blithe i., a l1nt. .,sls weti ke lie had a " stronsi :s nie-.,;' " fn, n, t1 c hra, by his gait; rIit we trust he'll " give np tihs Slo it " -he ait Wthen death come:, at ;iany I'r . Di):s.;szi AtNe AtlitnlEg h. DUA(IIAI. it:-ostse thie first ti, I. Lters ot i wor L') sorI a.tsother wordi.) 3.--m I f.li.t ?-:t quoestisn Iqueer. i ;len sit. I dare to fear; Yet 1'1 lieo the s.,ct to le-- Yet, l'"i d.early like to see 'lhat urmy wo k is not in vain, That y-,sa hope for me sigaic, That 1 is our hearts h'av e.! t. Words to me, if so exlprcs-cd, Aye would make me me hap'y, brih , Mlake my heart for ever li-ht ; liEven ii my humble sphere T wrould o:';1 none as lily Iper ; Il say realnm a king I'd s, As lr'tud ta sing as e'er ysss'd iec. it. L. JEI-Lnotu::, L,sdon. NA ILIATIVE MtETAGiRAl. ht I t letLter u a ir word is cihan ed, to flr ill llot's" \\vri. Ii the natrralive.I .-four verse, f.'ur, O Arthur A., vwhen lirLt I noticed them to-day, 'aused Use to feel a trifle gay, a.s; you no doubt expected, "iiti, the range 1'll widen, andt say o'er mysiel 1 lost colmmanad, To tell the truth, I tried to stand upon my head respected. hough this, 0 Arthur, doth appear to placai me in position quecer, Idu aver that one might see a knight in worse position; bhave a friend like you, I own I'm proud; and living in one town, ,.e not the seesl io kindly town Le rearcd by coalition ? iat lty's fame ws, must uphold, by cltorts hearty, strong ;led bold, -wr must our energy grow cold, -nor s.c in re..s-guard hu:ler; Singht :: nd ladies of this tiago can vouch, I know, that for an agec Y.ur lance was couched, the war to wage, 'neath Houour's pointing lingeur. l'ur tutoering hand I'll try my best to imitate in song aid jest. To lortune, the;;, I'll leave the rest. And now my con. is closin:g, we..t mIy t-anuks again, I pray. Look out for nme another Iir that ysoi've patved thle open way to a huge rhythniec I -,in:g! TiH .il.acK l'uIN.c, . L. C. METAC RAMS. s !sne the first letter of a word To forns anollther il Olc.I. 5.-Chill was the first and dark, * Thick fog had settled o'er the oceau-'s face; Perplexel was the master of a hark 'The proper way to trace. Hie placed implicit trust In his owen hand aund eye, this stubborn elfl aind so he told the helmsman s "to b; bus t" And took- the helm himisull. He sat and smoked, and steered Directly for a next which gloalned bIefore; And still be wondered that lie never neared The beacon-bearing shore. Ilis pipe fell on the deck, 'The distant beacon instantly had fled ; "What ho ! find out our bearinEs By Iny smack, I've steered for my p)ipC-head !" 1vruIcr S., 3Belfa-t. -hilst passing through a lane down Piccadilly, '11 tell you what I did and what I saws; Ias sent by lnia to fetch some piccalilli At+the lir plaece where I'd got it onlce before. I ial a basin, aand a nice clean piece of paper, Which I covered round the bh:siu very nua", Ied whilst stooping: down to pick uip a taper, I dropled the basiu in the middle es thie sttht. -e, i didn't lik0o 5o and tll tuy m,,thor, hA I knuw she very soon swoiuld ga the cans, b I whistled for Charley, my big brothcr, fidhl be, "I'll tell you what we'll do, silly Billy, We'll ro and buy a new one doswn the laneo le, we'll go and buy the piccalilli, And onr last mill pay u better thhan the cane." GC. '7. I-fSaYanS.
NARRATIVE OMlEGIEAM1. (The last letter of a word is ehantge to form another word in the tarraLtive.) 7.--With grea1, zal and energy, the bold bards whose RnILesS yv'I te0 To this brilli' ui antad witty con. anpended Have embarked upon a ship, which (forgive the ancient quip !) As a partner-ship may best be comprehended. I:ut we shall not go to sea, so pray rest assured that we Shall never be con-sea-ted in our working, And the most that we shall ask is that you confess our .task VWe execute without a sign of shirking. So t quite merrily we'll work with the gusto of a Turk, Or the quaintucnes of a modernized Perucvian. We'll benignly wait your praise, which will cvome cru many days Have lpassed the heads you'll think antecdiluvian. e:s cfort shall we spare: we'll see that every care is taken with these brilliant cons. and witty; l: prepare, yo "Tour.ney" bards, for ;;ue wouderful charades Froum lM:iLuCeastor and merry London city. We cxpect you'll hold your breath, if you du not choke to death, In laughter at our hnumouristic verase;. We'll abstain front any quarrels,thoun we'll rest upon our laurels, "While laose our growing reputlation nurses. A. AMnBEIrLEY AND R. L. J.TFFERtSON. OIlEU : RA31. (The last letter of a word u isiu dtos form auother word.) .--Great roya.l ruler of the "'1'.," In treupiut-'tion slowlyv c ru. A loyal subject nuto thee. eto craves your favour fair. .A h mie! Could he but sing: he unly hun:u ! Could he but sin,-! Vain thoughlt. S,u nw lie craves your Craciou:. l;Lave to t.el1 The where, the whitn, the why, the low -- A tale comnplete y"on mt ir, allow-- Arose his =rievous i:eincu'. Well, " The where," was Clamb'ria:'s fiir couutree. Digres? Why, how you tallk 1T won't. "Thel when," the nineteenth (century ; "'lTie wb's" lirit unknown qitnutity; " T'le how "-- :..t here l 111-- ' ir, vou don' l." Auo:rnbT::-. CURITAILt'tENTS. ( iroLp ih Itit leter iof t wontrd. le ti another word.) ?.--. yo-ith and imaiden, 'midst the trees, Were st:uding on a lilt. And, save the intrtnur of tlheq breeze, 'The night was calm andi still. Hle heaves is long ani list ij.;h, And priss.s :; ':-out ban:-d`. A id biddiing lovingly good-by'.', l)epar:; tsr forei: i ].tuls. A lc.arful ni:hit nluun thi mi iii, And all is vtlil nd ''rk-- "'be youl It wl, ri ..l perceive n::ain 1 u the : i -u tl: h Ia,t'i, IG und libtrhb Ii,- W V.' il [lit dfu ,ry , ''And v,'.p ,t'u:: O'h" , :,,1 Aitl, with ta 0tei ior' ;, l h, to ves' -l is a wreek. With shrieks tihe in iu .tke for thsl I aii, Anld scet irl swvifty f:c, thli ou;-h she , ' c::c i :tt ks ,' .' at 1' -uLch an a. ful la T'hie iaidlen till, with ''u t:'O sweet, i:. waitinuf for her love ; Alas ! they nevcr mlru'e wil lJ[ it1 L ;:- iL titsu !oulet aLbov~,. t1. A. _t-'.5i:t LL, London. 1'.-Her eyes are a b autiful ileL. Her cheeks are a roseate hue, Hoer teeth are the colsuir of pearl, lrer ).air is profusion t, curl, 'rcr nthe is i. etiilihn would, lier) loreh:nt is iu irule, I'm told - Suu for beauty whatl could you wish more Jni the maids you ilmay S ivlt to adore ? Thoubh the poets w ith ramptiurc ntiay sin;,, And the town with ,b: I, lurai.aes mtuiy rinig, I can glance at that Venus ill blue, And the picture 1 paint )itt is true. Her teeth are as false as her hair, Her colours the chemlists prepare; And betrayed by that forehead so cold, I premise she is forty yev:rs old. So for bc:tay what could you wish ulmor nlu old mai.ls ou may wissh to adore? H. Cox, Birkenhead. 11.-I lie by dancing brooks and streams, I lie in groves and glides, I lie in i.',oks; and caverns wild where scarce a soul iuvadlc; I lie upon tile mtut't:in-top, toLt in the valley griu,. I lic in Arctic anuw..:csLv.d Uld.s where man is tcsdom Sean. I lie upon the sandy beach and listen to the sea, I he and hear the ripptntg waves so full of mieldy; I lih and dream of j-'i,atl land-a country, ah, so bright '- I lie and drean-alas! the li;ioni's gone with morning's light. I lie in castles old and ruined, and thoughts ste:l over Of days of knights and ladies lisl, and cl days of chivalry; I lie anil plot gay novelettes and riddles by the quire; I lie indoors and out of doors-in fact, I aim a liar! R. \V. AND W. ANnac:,vS. CIAlt.ADES. (Sor:n, oin a w rnt eaon sy!l:tiis of whI:ti is r'ti wr-.I 12.--''here wias an old woman who livedl on a hill, So they say, i'Who told folio their fortunes with w,'oudernul skill; blin'd a broomstick which came ani swhiell vcnt at her will. She would sometimes 0o tho', With her brindled tom.cat, Fly away; Somine called her a witch for her arts necromantic, Boe canlled her my jirst, too, but they were piedanLtic. FMy ,oasid wea built by a river su fair, Just below, And there was an old cathedral rare, And a great many monks, and of convents a pair; But each monk shook his head In amazement, and said, " Here's a go!" VWhute'er ca:u it be that the convent's bewithlin', That the viands all vanish each night roin the kitchen ?' At length there outspoke a reverend friar, Sandal-shod, Andcl the rest, having heard him, ran off to the prior, Who exclaimed, " Let them kindle at onces a big lire, For that worst of old hags, Ul7n the atone flags Fr In the qiuad;" For my w;oia which h~e'd shown praised the friar so diseerniiug. Theia they uaLd" out the naughlit old woia':i Lyy 13.-My lawvyer enforced a first with zeal, Cnviiti,:ed that s.cond '-twould be Thelu, gainiy) thte day, he doesjoyfully feel .'hIt- tlo has been givren to me. ''nu '.acta0 "treent.
META.OBIEGRAMIS. Ktlhange the first and last letters of ia word to fornm another word.) 14.-.So many have sung of the " Tourney's " fame, Then tell me, of what shall I sing ? So many have sung of some lovely dame, And of minstrels with sweet ping. ping. They've sung of the wind, the waves and the sea, They've sung of her Majesty's Jubilee; They've sung of our dear friend, the 1'. F. P., Then teoll me, of what shall I sing ? So many have sung of our Editor's woes, Then toll me, of what shall I:sing? Of irascible gents, with nouty toes, And of winter, summer, and spring. They're sung of the first of a t.,uot drawn out. They've sung of the ball-room, party, and rout, They've sung till there's nothing to siung about, Thou tell me, of what shall I sing ? ho many have sung of our nter young 'luoUn, Then tell me, of whom1 shall I sinlg Very proud of her have we ever bveen, May she long to the " R.' T." cliu:. Shall I sing ai short song ,to each \ iune knight. Shall I sing of the damies in the "' Tourney" fight ? Anl leave out just one, for 'twoull hot be rilght If I of mnys:elf were to sing. (:bI'.LIr, s1 HOLLOWAY. 1b.-Ve nmet--'twas in the highway, And iot a soul was near ; Its ::te.pped aside for me ti, paxs , '1'i 'n glanced at me with tear. . o .--he answered gladly-- lie recognized miy voice- Ant ithen first hint with mu, Having no oliher choice. I I.-ok him in the sitting-lit t (I lc found himself a seat), A iiI shortly after gave to lait A plate of bread aid and mat. ; A is] now contentedly he sitb Uiforo my tire of logs, Alls he is, I really must.l, conit: u , The bLest ,-t all iiy ,do:. SI. is'1[i Ll'.:, Multtigham,. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of ,t word. leavisn asu',tlsor word.) (See puzzle os. 1i, iin No. t J,.) 16.--" Good morning, king of fiaal; good morning, haud- soe0e ptriit i! WV ill your lordship kiudly sndeosccud to list to moe a while? I've reait your dreadful Lultceuce, and I 'promiiise quick rrllentanco 'For Ine sin of usin: tnat do p/tlac fair readers to beguile." "You promise, dear ChriStella-ah, you're is clover follah, Bult your very best intentionis only make mse sweetly smile; Soir all the way i o li{ades ;so beautifuil l mue lo is, Bcinsg paved with precious prouii...', lki yours, mile on mtile." "That's good for you, 0 pIriodi! I'll town the promise .iinal, Anii. never, ntveit o're will I ubtle iilluI vLnt do plimtie. (I spale henceforth a :padclo is); and thus I 'scapo from liades, o'or only thot , Ufis o 'cs. pion-u-nmu shall cater its dark gloom. "That's one for you, O fluiend " And so I placdm my hat on, First bowing to his lordship in my Clest.erfieldian way; HIis advice had saved a siLuner, he had lost a good boe:iuner, And that, dear 7M(cplhistophelos, is all I have to say. C. f. nIInretlLL. 17.-" O Mary, dear sweetheart, how pleasantl. it is To sit with you here, far from tumult aud' biz,' Sweet love-laden whispers to utter; To speak of your beaultilul.eyos, lips, and nose! (Whilst mine is the hue of the summuer's red rome) But, Mary, ,lear Mary, I'm famished, I'm froze ! So pile up the bread and creat-butter i " Ah, now are we snugly enlsconced in our buwor, For tai adise.bliss we are booked for an hour, All thought of the world we can smother In dreamiug of blisses and kisses to come, When we of tC.xt own have a neat little home. But my cup is quite empty; with cold I am dumlb; So, Mary, dear DMary, another ! " 0 Mary, I love all your honeys and jams, First dishes all took fronm the tenderest lambs, With menus that thrill me with glee! Yonr trts and your puddings of fresh, juicy fruit"- liut lMary sprang up (she'd been list'ulng quite mnute), And stopped all the musical flow of his " flute," Saying, " Do you at all, sir, love me?" "You hurt me, dear MarI y !" the hungry one cried, Which to prove his cadaverous jaws opened wide, Whilst his orbs burnt some choice chops of mutton. "A , Mary, dearcooky"- Lut Mary's Uweet look ho Well koew rad his "love" liske the words in a book. He Heard a l:-rill i nvite to " skip," " take his hook ;" he Took it 'midst yells ruch as "t lutton.!" V. D. TL.Zs,;, Warrigtuon. 1,--Bite, bite, bite ! 'Neath the last worn quilts, 0 flea ; And it's good that my tongue can't utter Tile words that arise ins me. Oh, it's well for the folks who slumber Undisturbed in their beds to-night, And it's well for the man who knows not The pang of a small ilea's bite, And it's well for you li' a lodger, And can't get .a match for a lght. For I conistntly toss to and fro, Like a person cournvulsed with the cramp, And) in eager pursuit my finigers go, But my hands are Jirsl a:,n daui,: And it's let ue connive 0 for a catch-'eta-alive-o And thb light of a kitchen lamp ! Bite, bite, bite! Zill the dawn of the day, 0 flea ; i: r it's swat to know that the fleas which i kill Vill cnver co.uo l.,ak to mei. HI'Gooss, LL, Moni; Ferry. 15.-An annimal ti;at is very sharp, For my first please choose; Cat off its head, and then you'll have Somnething that all artists use. H-. K]isnnTr AND T. MILLts. 20. --iI a girl's sname you will bring to light, lIdhi.:dI, sIdl a new riddler will cone to sight. H. Cat;Evt. CONUNDRUMS. 2l.--YesterdoSy, at dinner.time, I of one dish was partaking, V, ken papa, for laughter prime, Quick a riddle must be nmkiung; " Son, mamma, on Toby'u plate, City fins to grow beginning!" . ou lwho can his meaning stare. Ifr niala uraisa -.aw acre u2 v';inunisg 22.--Northumbrians know Asv well as the ross, Why St. Paul's Cattheudra il like a lird's esr. TIIE UIstmDLER, :NOWCcStle.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the inltial letters of other words.) 'Foundation Word. 23.-Graud, noble, and sublime is primsal. With lofty mien a soul that is inspired With love and trust towards mankind. BIy contact with it we are fired To kindly actions and loving deeds. It looks onward through the space of time, Giving rest and peace to every one. Yes, primal is noble, grand, sublime. Cross I'ords. Tlis is a popular national gaine; This is a popular boy's name: This is a dye, you will confess; This is an article of dress; Th'i is ws worn by me and you: What I say you'll find is true. E. liuRiT, Kenuington. Febadalioe Word,. 24.-A lady is whole whom we oftL used to sce Within our " Tourney " so gay ; lronm Brighton sle wrote, asl'i I w i:lh that she Were siunging amongst us to.day. ( ocs l1 rdts. ly ftirst, dear " Ed.," i:i a qua. draped, lu Africt 'tis fouund ; An English river this is ; and nert Is searched for in tie gronund. ily next is the name of a r:ddler of fame, Warrington is his town ; A British possession is .next; ,and for this A boy's Christian naume put down. A u unow for last please liGd the name Of a riddling baurd well-known to fame. A. A. Diveus, Southampton. NAlItiATIVE MiTA-OiEG1IA31. (.'hatine thie first and lasnt letters n oft word to form another woolI expressed in LtIO n;larlItive.) 2'. -'Tis months agone, but yet it seems as though 'Twere yesterday ; 1 never shall forget it. I fell in love, and but too well I know That I have every reason to reg.ret it. That she was very charming all confessed; tHer lmuue, I blush to own, was simeple Naucy; Of girls, I thought, she surely was the best- 3 ust fancy. For seven months I loved her more than well, And many pleasant hours we had together; I thought she loved me too-one cannot tlli- And since I've very often wondered whether She ever cared for ime a little bit ; But girls will flirt whenever they a man see. How wild I feel whene'er I thrink of it, J ust fancy. The many presents that t.o her I gave, They really tii;htl t e, cIuntcd by I be do-:n ; C(ou.d I my tnme re'ail, ii, C:Leal l'd -:,ia 't'ill very rich, then wed !ay pretty cousin. But now my cousiu's narrh.d, i-:d to say, A handsome fielow; :tld dt.Iieci'al 'Ii:.iNCy Bus left me, and my lenliu.:--wcll, ) on may ,Just fauity. Alas I it is too true, I'm very poor; 1 really nwisft I wasu't, but no mtitter; A wealthy widow nmay my charms aldore, And 1, o'erwhelitng her with loving chatter, i;clht maketI her mine ; then would toy s burrow fade, I'd soon forget that fal-ce and flickle Nancy But such bright lithpes are only, I'm afraid, Just funmee. Jo-Ibs::u An J. A. MLLLsUALL, Laimbeth. LOGOG t1i'it. (A .\: ord wtihi:h may he tratted Its ait ltttgrtanl, deail nltittltin, 'lehl- u(ln, It li L traIIspositio ,. bilt l(aV s It pDurI CL wortd tialur :icem oe I'i inlo ll . 2.-A riddler's name ; now change his head, Another riddler's left instead; Twice curtail, ,aid then yeiu'll Sto ' Lhat which grows on every tree. B. \itaLo, tathgate. TllAN2;;'lUOSITIO N. I]L unltV:. the lc:Lohere I aI "I w'd a~ foris :inidt ei'r no VrI.) 2,'.-A '. tiul: ncanitUg fat Ic ly ''r.nt:)tuloed by iu, ()le of sitnoller t 11,, lb) \Vill coeuc to view. .1. JlutnELL, BGlfast. EiN IGIA. w3.-1 often go to Itolloway-- 1 meant to say the gaol; 'Tis there I spend my holiday, I'm never known to fail. I use but one hand if 1 can, In country or in town ; I bring together mau to tIan, Which causes many a frownl. Gi. 1;c. 3, AlsnrwooD. iSQUAtE WueDlS. QD.-If ;irst exssts, repealed it; ought to bo; With that, no doubt, you su ely will agree. HIy ,c(.e, you kntow, has aiways bLen a hot laud; xrom that you'll guess it is not bunny .ot!lan.d. tine who is always tciet-ing or co'ifl,t.tuiilg, Compassion in this world is never g.luaiu". Here to exist affix a lreposition, And place the product in the next position. If yeou've a pack, you'll find this card is one; \V rite it down twice, aul then my fjith you've done. A Christian name that's given to a male; To linl it you will certainly not tail. .. V'. j!Lol:vi:.L, Lewiham. 30.- (In .1ubilec ove fii:,t did the crowd, " The madding crowdl," And more than re,'0Il princes bowed, The princes bowed. Third from " The Rivals " you will t lke, Foturth will a sailor lause to qlulitt ; W ith joy you'll fihiI t he''tll-re , you'll m like, An-l yul'll ic i- o:,.t, T. '. !JoWt;LY.