RIDDLE TOURNAMIEN NARRATIVE CENTRAL ADDITION (Add a letter to the centre of a word to make another, in the narrative.)
1.-One morn- 'twaes something iafter tear And blissfully I slept, or, When through the panels of my door A spectral figure crept. His nose was blue, and red his beard, His aspect most terrific; And on his robe of black appeared A monstrous hieroglyphic. This mystic figure tweaked my ear, And banged me on the head; And then, " I've got a missive here For you," he grimly said. He brought it forth without a halt. And then, his hoofs revealing, He threw a double somersault, And vanished through the ceiling I I ope'd the note and read it o'er By my three-farthing taper; And, lo I 'twas from the Editor Of this delightful paper "Illustrious Sir,--We humbly seek". It ran, as I'm a sinner I- "Your company, on Monday week, At our grand riddling dinner." I wrote and said, " I will be there I" In manner most dramatic. The day arrived. I curled my hair, And sallied from my attic. Red Lion House I reached, and, lol Two flunkeys, stern and tall, Led the with stately steps and slow Into the dining-hall. "Here comes the prince," somebody crie I bowed in manner bland, And soon the Editor descried, With carving-knife in hand. I took a seat beside friend (Gow- 'Twas near the table's middle. " I say, old boy," he said, " I vow Each dish is made of Riddle I" Fred. Wallis, smiling sweetly round, Was eating boiled Charades; While grilled Decapitations found Great favour 'mongst the bards, Miss Jennie Arthur sat beside John Harrington, and they Were tasting Transpositions, fried In the Italian way. Miss Marion Taylor I could see With truffiod Duagram. "Roast Logogriph," said Gow to me, "Is tenderer than lamb." Miss Rendle cried, with earnest face, " Our menu's wide in range; We have Curtailment enayoneaise, And pickled Central Change 1" At last the feast was o'er, and I Arose to make a speech. " Sit down I" I heard some caitiff cry, And wildly glared at each. Then we all laughed-a mighty roar- And some one loudly spoke, "Your shaving water's at the door !" And then- Well, I awoke I F. R. CouLso.r, CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another wo 2,-There lived a maiden, beautiful, 'tis said; But I may here remark she had much money, And in such cases Reason's oft misled, So that a thing quite dark she'll vouch as san And hair that is a most undoubted red Will rank as auburn, which is rather funny, To say the least; but, there I you understand, She lived, and many afirst besought her hand, But not on one of them would she have pity; One was too short, another was too tall, And all of them were far from being witty- Indeed, their talk was smallest of the small; And she, who had a father in the City A merchant prince, was far above tl em all; That is, of these who sought her love, for those On whom she would have smiled did not propos So when she talked with those who came to woo They clearly learnt they never could be reckon As suitors to her liking; sometimes, too, She bade them for a bride look rather second; Perhaps she hoped some lord might come tow Selling a title for a tidy cheque, and This she would have willingly agreed to, If money could a title surely lead tc. But, ah, alas for hopes most sadly blightedl There came great failures in the sugar trade; Her father was a heavy third, and slighted By all her former wooers was the maid; In fact, they were exceedingly delighted That in the dust her pride at length was laid. And I'm informed, when last I heard from towe She has married a commercial gent named lar A QUILLS ]65 BETAGRAMI. (Change the second letter of a word to form another s - 8.-Old Farmer Growl set off for town, Off for town, off for town, Upon his face a dreadful frown, Dreadful frown, dreadful frown; He whirled his cudgel o'er his head, Be wished himself and kindred dead, And clenched his teeth as on he sped, On he sped, on he sped. Upon a mule which came in sight, Came in sight, came in sight, The farmer's weapon flew with might, Flew with might, flew with might; And when a poor misguided fly Alighted on the grumbler's eye, It soon was crushed, and left to die, Left to die, left to die. Now what had caused this fit of rage, Fit of rage, fit of rage P- we Had caused old Growl such strife to Strife to wage, strife to wage ? First, list. and you next quickly teet His wife (as blind as blind could he) Had boiled a false chalk egg for tea, Egg for tea, egg for tea. South- F. G. WEBB. CONUNDRUM. 4.-My friends they said the other night To me, "A con. propose. We know that you are fall of them 1 Pray to us one disclose. I thought awhile, and then said I, "Well, now, as one you wish, You'll have it: can you tell me wen A wall is like a fish 7" All were shut up; I laughed aloud, And vengeance for to wreak, - No answer would I give but tide : "I'll tell you all next week." Ds