RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
NABRRATIVE PRE CE-OMEGRAM,. ts lstletter but oe f word to form another word, change th exprcese in tie unrrative.) Swhat avail to live these years of woe, To pine in mute and voiceless agony; To feel one's self accurseid in this world Led klnow no other longinig than to die P Of what avail to-hear the blatant fool Chiming his vapid nothings to the ear, Whilst on the heart there lies a loathd weight, The foul oppression of a nameless fear ? Of what avail to lead the inane life Of fashion and its hollow revelries; To feel the fervid yearning heart within Despiseth such insipid vanities ? Oh how it grieves and pains the soul to find The mass hath linked its stable heart to gold; To her th' impoverished moan and cry for bread, Whilst closer Avarice doth his mantle fold I To view the gaol-yard open wide its maw, pnd hear the grating of the rankling chain; To view the wan and sorrow-stricken crew, Whose only error was the thirst for gain I told you the pensive prisoner by the hand, And listen patient to his tale of woe; Condemn him not, but soothe his galling lot, And with hind words thy charity bestow. Of what avail I too often is the dirge We utter when the soul's disconsolate, unmindful that our neighbours need the love We waste when heedless pining at our fate. Open thy heart to others, and thy love Shall not be fruitless, rotting at the core; It shall return, for there is One whose love Extends to thee to bless thee evermore. LUccEIUs. NARRATIVE MIIETA-OIMEGRAMS. pethe first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) -Auld Geordio's been drinkin' too deep wi' a friun'- e~s known by all sorts and conditions of men; d Patsy, a broth of a bhoy, bhoy the way, the friend who's been making auld Georgie sac gay. at now they to loggerheads sadly are getting, hi one with fierce fuming, the other with fretting; it ink as they may, they will never " fall out "- they do, they'll "fall in " when ill-humours are out. spy Pat, "I've bin thinkin', frind Geordie, of toimes en home was mlo castle, and few were moi croimes, ad I'm saronsly makin' moi moind up to turn "- Agichtabout gambol " spoke Geordie-" To learn," o Patsy continued, "the best way to take when I"- Meet four cross-roads ?" put in Geordie. " Me bhoy," ed Pat, "hould yer whist !-when I straighten the crooked; im feelin' me goose, more's the pity, 's bin cooked I" Nay, Patsy, ye deevil I ye maunna be ta'en thoughts o' the past-ye've a heart o' yer ain; e mann ony remember the sweet and the best, gie the cau'd go-by to a' of the rest. e've had a gude harvest o' ev'ry-day bliss, e diunna look daun if some plezzers ye miss." '0chone I 'Tis a fool that I am I" wailed poor Pat, patting his friend, he sat down on his hat ! Hoot meonl" bellowed Geordie. " What the do'il are ye at?" ays Pat, "It's yer hat I was at; but niver moind that. had to go down upon somethin', so took it, ekase, tare an' hoeau's! ye would not let me look it!" ut Geordie, enraged, said "Eneagh he'd to brook," he nicked his " old silk " up (as flat as a flake); To the de'il wi' yer stories, a' tribles an d wrangs I etchin' wind free my hat for the tunes of yer sangs; na msir will I gie ye sic chances to lit on " ays Patsy, " Yer hat or the chance did I sit on P" Gadwat " yelled puir Geordie: "It matters nane whilk." ad Pat had no chance he had not squashed the " silk.") V. D. TAYLon, Warrington. -Dear Ed.,-I've a lot of bitter grievances to trouble you to-day with, id I keep them longer to myself I'd have naught to be gay with. sit not a cruel habit of a friend, a " pal " or brother, r aord-hacking acquaintance, or a punster big or other, ojado usin their own sweet way, with waywardest of dins, 0twith slaps about the ear-hole, nor with kicks upon the" shins," at with punning power habitual to pun on old and new, nev'rything we utter, and on everything we do ? --o's tel if our sage old Tommy-that's our tom.cat, poor old mute!- its his tail beneath my feet, sir, some one designates me "brutel" SI gather threads of cotton, winding " bobbins " by the stem, a one's sure yo yell or mutter that "I'm stringly vuotdting them.'' oen! try to notch somd verses on our mastiff's sorry whines, mone positively sncereth, "I'm writing d.o'grel lines." r- I cannot thread a needle (my dis-gust 1 can't dis- thot some one intimating " It is tlhreadftil for th epeos." enI asked for time o' day, sir, by our timepiece on the shelf, ale one said "'Tis half-past t'pyoe, sir," and I hall to look myself. Iremarki quite casually that girls are very swaeot, trs'eF says, " So is jam, my boy; eat it, and have a Sis Isay that fish is dear, and hardly can be bought, u eaygh s "'Pon my soul, then buy meat you really I tella sad acquaintance that he's looking " blue i' th' ty' aggravating blandness he replieth, "So's the Sths is how they punish me, with puny puns they Shtthe ball a-rolling to the goal for which they Uat tlo'for worlds would I resign their humour, or ropdcve itt ormless fun can do no harmu to one who can receive V. D. TAYLOR AND T. E. BARLLEY. SI1AEtRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRATI. e wolast lettoers of a word to form another word in .- es? ing o our knights Shall I sing of our _ in a long con., mentfon all of their names ? Oing about spring P Shall I sing about love P ut1 li.my girl to the angels above ? siingOf thu sky P Shall I sing of the earth P ro u r joke to incite you to mirth ? 1. il.es in galore. Now, which one shall I say P ,ruy don't know, so I'll leave that to Ehl I :ieal tio h.ad that you leave all to me, l l rsik- y ting while you go and "spree," lW.yt oe~ it lasts, for 1'Y getting quite sick o t~ ,re h abewaving-the means that you pick i::it e share of the work you should do. } h~on elore chasice you shall have if you rue hintrti hpasst t then we'll go haud-in-hand, Wc ee o tuo thg Y. . P. band. - 'no-Fo AttD Eaa.
NARRATIVE OMEGlRAM. (The last letter of a word is chan'ed to form another word in the narrative.) 5.-M-ephistopheles sat on his ivory throne, And a frown flitted over his carmine nose; Like an Edison glow-lamp his optics shone, While a bottled-up earthquake sat over his brows; And silent and awestruck his courtiers sat, While MTonte-le-Kristo crept under his hat. Aha I and a roar like a six.chambered riot Then swept round the hall and pitched out the quiet, While Monte-le-Kristo sprang up with a shriek- "Oh, the jim-jams again!" when he'd found breath to speak. " By the shades of old Nox!" cried Moephisto, "attention I (If you don't drop it, Monte, I'll cut off your pension.) Bring Robert le Diablo down; do you hear me ? Oh, where's that blanked brickbat I always keep near me ?" On hearing the message I went by express, And approaching the throne, said," I'm here, more or less, Old dynamite cartridge; what want you with me P" Said Mephisto, " My message concerns the '1 . T.'" I've heard an impostor has taken my name, And under that title is thirsting for fame. I knew, when I sent you to represent us, Imitators there'd be, some not worth a cuss. Now, Robert, see here, I've relied upon you To fight out my battles, which you've failed to do; You've let this impostor go fooling around, Upsetting my plans, while you've not made a sound. I'll withdraw your commission." I sprang to my feet, "An explanation just give, full, true, and complete." " I've sent out a challenge," I tried to explain; "But that's done no good, the imposture is plain; It's a lady "- "A lady !" cried Mephisto, rising. ° Well, I must say her genius is really surprising. Just send her along, if she not afraid is; We could do with a few of them down here in Hades." 19 I wrote you this letter o'er leaving the hall, And if Miss Mephistopheles gives us a call, We shall all be delighted, if she proves agreeable By obliging yours truly, LoaD ROBERT LE DIABLE. TRIPTICHES. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 6.-We both appear together, V. D. T. and Ivanhoe, To battle in the "Riddle Tournament," For the riddling petition that I made not long ago Has been answered to my very full content. We once were enemies, but in fun, as you can see, And we fought o'erbustles, dress, and such-like things; But about them in the future I am sure we shall agree, Though never as to manner clip our wings; So you must give a cheer for my primal and myself, Which I know you will in great good-nature do, And though very many riddlors have been laid upon the shelf, We shall always do our best to keep in view. First Word. 'Tie a thing that used to be in the olden warlike time, When people in the battle felt at home, And right up to this place fearlessly the men would climb, But o'er it sometimes they could never come. There were fierce, repelling bands who would muster at the top, And dare them at their peril to advance; And while struggling to engage, right and left the men would drop, Pierced through and through by arrow, spear and lance; Yet often perseverance won a truly great reward, They'd mount it in the face of stubborn foes, And safely at the top, powder-grimed and battle-scarred, With thankful spirits seek their tlue repose. Second lVord. You've seen her, I am sure; she is fifty, if a day, Sometimes mild and gentle-looking, sometimes sour; She is very much afraid of what other people say, And will greedily each bit of news devour. She is primal, there's no doubt, for if a harmless mouse Took it in its head to scamper o'er the floor, She'd at once take steps to prove that a ghost was in the house, And vow a spirit lodged at every door; But yet I'm sure you know some are pleasant, mild, and nice, Who are ridiculed and joked behind their back, And because some specimens would be dear at any price, Many others have been coloured quite too black. IVANHOE, Belfast. Trjip;ich. 7.-'Tis a very useful substance, And though it may seem queer, Yet, if 'twas not in existence, This con, would ne'er appear. First Word. I proposed, and was accepted By pretty Isabel, And though lier first objected, We got on very well Until I asked her darling first What settlement he'd make, And, oh, how the old greybeard cursed, And caused my spines to ache I Second Word. But ere a month had passed away She changed the name of miss, And happiness did crown that day Of love and second bliss; And happy am I with my love, Tec girl that I adore, And grinning is that surly cove Of a father I ignore. R. WATT, Glasgow. ARITHMOREIM. (An acrostic. The letters of ross words that are tRoman numerals expressed in figutres.) Foundation Word. 8.--The primals of this riddle, which I'll now expound to you, Are very mystifying in a way, Although to find them you may search this wicked world quite through, You're sure to see them almost every day. There's many kinds about this town, some large as well as small (Perhaps a clue you'll now expect from me); Although you'll find them in big towns with chimneys rather tall, You will not find them in the Zuyder Zee. Cross Words. 1,000 and sousa This I am sure you'd like to be. 1,050 ,, aa Here a famous battle see. 201 ,, retk ThILis sport a man of care unharms. 101 ,, nots This sometimes rang out grave alarms. 510 ,, orfo Observe a univcrsity. 1,100 ,, reano Much interest this has for me. 503 ,, tnygn A word for insult here is seen. 1.000 ,, teauao Proceeding from this word does mean. 1,550 ,, seanara A flre-eatmo now you'll seek. The answer will appear next woek. E. GEORGBE, London. DELETION. (Drop a letter lrom the word chosen, leaving anothler word.) 9.-Workers busy at their toil The clashing shuttle deftly move, While cotton twists, and coil on coil Reeves out, the worker's skill to prove. Foam.crested, it advances on In all the majesty of might, And, with a sound like booming gun, It brop.as, and dwindles from the sight. R, L, JxssFERSON, London.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DELETIONS. (Drop two letters from a word chosen, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 10.-My uncle Jim in Birmingham an invite to me sent, To come and spend the week with him in town; To thoroughly amuse me and instruct me he seemed bent, So I thought to please his humour I'd run down. So I got into a carriage that was empty, as I thought, And settled myself easily to smoke, And had just for some tobacco in my waistcoat pocket sought, And covered myself up well with a cloak, When, whist I the door flew open, and there entered in a trice Two men of aspect dreadful to behold; And as I saw the platform passed my heart it felt like ice, I also felt my very blood turn cold. However, my big stick I kept beside me, close at hand, Determined to put thoughts of sleep away; So as near the door as possible did I take up my stand, Resolved to keep these men so dread at bay. But as I turned a moment on my throat I felt a hand, And "If you move I'll kill you" I heard say; And then I saw one of the men with pistol at me stand, And the other his two arms around me lay. I turned quite sick at heart, and caught the villain's steady eye, And prayed to Heaven that I might not choke. 'Twas horrible, I thought, to be murdered, thus to die, But just as I despaired, then-I awoke 1 S. A. DE BEAR. 21.,-In shady nook, hedged round with hawthorn bloom, Enwreath'd with trailing rose and woodbine spray, Where realms of primrose tuft and ferny plume, And fragrant seas of violets line the way, A lassie sat with softly dreaming eyes, Her golden tresses scattered to the breeze ; And she was filled with mute, with dumb surprise, When first she saw me 'neath the cypress trees. Anon there came unto my listening ear Her silv'ry voice piping the birds to scorn; And on the breeze, now muffled and now clear, Her song of saddest, sweetest notes was born. Methought she was an angel from abore, Methougiht a seraph come to charm this life; But now I know she was a thing to love, For she is now my sweet, acy darling wife. E. J. ScuoFIELD AND J. LesaH. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whvllnls i : word.) 12.-Is there in life a brighter, sweeter time Than that which oft is spent upon the whole ? When two fond lovers, full of trust sublime, Join hand to hand and blend them soul to soul, When joined together, bound for weal or woo, For joy or gladness, or for pain and care, This is the brightest season, when they go Forth strong and true, when life is gay and fair. And if upon the future some dark cloud May mar the beauty of the promised goal, E'en then, if love reign o'er the hearts so bowed, Life still shall be one long.continued wlole. First Word. The summer sun will shine in splendour yet; The gay, sweet flowers will yet so brightly bloom; The beauties of the earth will drive regret Away, as they have banished winter's gloom; The birds will sing, and busy humming bees Will sip their first from petals pink and white, And Nature's voices, borno upon the breeze, Shall fill our hearts with summer's pure delight. Second Word. The dim and mystic twilight deepens now, Rays of the last pierce through the stately trees; Sweet.scented zephyrs still the throbbing brow And bring to aching hearts a welcome peace. The birds are silent, all save one, and he Fills the night air with matchless melody, And bids earth's turmoils for a season cease. NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt, 13.--First playing, found, with groat delight, Second, concealed from foeman's sight, To be their own I How slight a thing may play upset ! My whole rings in their memories yet- In their teeth thrown I MADEIRA. 14.-My second is made of pieces of leather Cut and formed and joined together; If you place my first before my second, 'Tis a favourite game by young men reckoned. E. J. SCHOFIELD. 15.-My first is a name, and second's the same, Both female I ought, sir, to mention. Whole is a flower, as I live I Will you give This con, your most earnest attention ? V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. VERBAL CHARADES. (A word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 16.-Two.eighths of a snowdrop, that darling of spring; Two-eighths of a bluebell, so purple of wing ; Two-fifths of an aster, pink-coloured and quilled; One-eighth of a wild rose, with perfume quite filled; Two-fourths of a lily, so stately and tall; Two-sixths of a violet, under a wall; Two-eighths of a marigold, flaming with yellow; Two-sixths of a banana, mature and mellow; One-fifth of a daisy, so common but neat; Two-tenths of a heliotrope, smelling so sweet; One-eighth of a sweet pea, with colour dark blue; One-fifth of a pansy, of changeable hue. Add these together to form a name Whose owner is famous and good and wise; For writing riddles he has gained fame, For often they make our spirits rise. E. J. SCHOsIELD AND S. A. DE BEAR. 17.-My first is in wasp, but not in bee; My second is in Don, but not in Dee; My tlird is in watch, but not in clock; Moy bourth is in herd, but not in flock; My fifth is in rain, but not in dew; My last is in many, but not in few. If these six letters are placed right by you, A county in Ireland will come to view. J. D. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the Rnal letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in tho marrative.l 18.-What would I not give In the country to live, Where lilies so fair, In the bright sun's,glare, Raise up their proud heads Above their watery beds I 'Tis there you will.hear Time birds sing so clear There the robin will come And from hand pick a crumb All joys that abound Are there to be found. How clear is the air, No smoke lingers there; See the cornfields like gohl, And the sheep in the fold ; See the forests, the meadows; The further you go All arsound ydu has Nature Such fair scenes to show. A MbsSED Kmsrrs,
NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changet, to form another word in the narrative.) 19.-Although I know not what to write, It really does not matter; What subject I may choose to.night, It really does not matter. If I endeavour now to sh,)w How fickle maidens are, I know I'll get into " hot water," though It really does not matter. Though pretty be a maiden's face, It really does not matter; Though she possesses every grace It really does not mattor. If now she greets you with a smile, She'll treat you coldly in a while- Of course, that's just the usual style, And so it does not matter. I see you've caught another style, But it really does not matter; But whether this will raise a smile It really doesn't matter. We're happy quite, and e'er resigned; No matter what, we do not mind ; If this our riddle gets declined, It really doesn't matter. Friend Arthur sings of girls, but then It really doesn't matter; To sing of women or of men, It really doesn't matter. Well, I must stop-say you " Hear, hear I" You think, perhaps, I drop a tear Because it's o'er: you're wrong, I fear; It really doesn't matter. A. AneBERLEY AND E. W. ANDREws. METAGRAM. (Ohance the first letter of a word to form another word.) 20.-The ballroom firsts shone brilliantly O'er many enthusiastic Votaries of Terpsichore, Who plied the " light fantastic." Till, when had ceased the mazy dance, Sweet cousin Flo came flitting To where, alone, with mournful glance, In silence I was sitting. " Good gracious ! why that solemn face P Come, wake up, sirl for surely This is neither time nor place For one to sit demurely. " Pray do not look so glum and vexed; Just look around and tell, sir, Whom you consider is this ne.t The fairest ballroom belle, sir !" " Ha, ha I" said I, with cuunning look, " I know what you are wishing, You want to catch me on your look- For compliments you're fishing." " Oh, no," she breathed, in tones quite plain. "For though, like Eve's fair daughters, I'm fond of praise-but then 'twere vain To fish in shallow waters 1" S. FitANxLIN AND G. 1. . PERRY. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation TYord. 21.-A rhyming youth was sitting madly trying To find a theme whereon to write a con., To set all other riddlers sadly sighing, And wishing they could write as good a one. For hours, alas I he sat and vainly pondered, Then from his " sweet blue eyes " lie wiped away The bitter tears which somehow there had wandered (Most poets act like this, so people say). But suddenly, without the slightest warning, His sadness disappeared-a notion bright Had flashed across his mind, and all else scorning, He then and there commenced to quickly write. Cross TlVords. Free from vice, so virtuous, pure, Ne'er guilty of a crime, I'm sure. Invention's mother, so I've read, And very often heard it said. Extravagant, with good points few, Careless with his money, too. Of this word you must take heed, If in life you would succeed. Charming country-sunny clime- Seeming always summer.time. "Far from the madding crowd," its strife, In solitude is passed his life. Silence reigned, and no one stirred, Lest a sentence pass unheard. Sometimaes high and sometimes low, Ever on the ebb and flow. 'Tis not conducive to good health, And it will never bring you wealth. A precious stone, 'tis said by some Ill-luck will to its owner come. Till banished to an island drear He made all Europe quake with fear. P. Wra'r, Nottingham. FoundatioU Word. 22.-My sahole's a well-known riddling sage, Whose riddles oft adorn this page. Cross Words. This is an English county town And this, you see, is a kind of gowrn This of a poem is a kind; And this is a word which means to bind; This a kind of animal will be, And in this a kind of bird you'll see. T. JoNEs Pimlico. TRANSPOSITION. (Tranepose the letters in a word to form another word.) 23.-A river in Spain, If transposed aright, An article of dress You'll then have in sight. C. E. BRANCH, London. CONUNDRUM. 24.-When is a woman not a woman P-H. Cox.