RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PRECE.OME GRAM. sagethe laet letter but one of a word to form another word.?
1.-He was tall and very slender Both in figure and in purse ; He'd a soul and.mind poetic. Dressed and acted quite msthetic, Dreamed of primal's golden splendour, Scribbling it in verse I She was young and so romantic, Read of novels not a few; Fair of last, with many graces, Decked herself in frills and laces, Building castles quite gigantic, Like so many do I So they met-could Fate be crazy ?- Met amid the throngs of life; She arrayed in all her glory, Filled hks bosom con aclore, So that in a few short days he Took her for his wife I Need I whisper low the sequel P Discontentment round theim surge; She still loves her frills and laces, And for making pert grimaces None can ever prove her equal! lie now chants a doloful dirge ! MAnloN TAYLOR, Birkenhead. METAGRAMS, (lhnce the first letter of a word to form another word.) 2.--Katie's face is first with smiles, And her eyes are bright with joy, As she gloats with chillish pride O'er some newly-purchased toy. Katie's heart is very glad, Katie's step is very light; And she flits from place to iplace Like a noext, so swift and bright. Katie's eyes are full of love, And her lips of kisses sweet, As cacti morn she qui'kly ruits, Mother good and kind to greet. Katio's brow is very grave, Gentle, pure, and calm, and fair, As she kneels with elaspitd hantds, Sending up her morning prayer. Katie's cheeks are bathed in tears, Ant her heart is full of wwoo, Anut she hangs her golden head Very sadly, very low; For she's just done something wrong- Something mother to atnnoy, And deep shame has for the time Banished all her mil th and joy. Katie's face is very pale. Antd her eyes have lest their light, And l her lips, so r'asy once, Now are very grave and white. Katie's heart is stilled for aye, Icy is her snowy brow, Bolded are her little hands- Katie's with the angels now. Ma&oan E. DrNNr, Roseresa. i-In thn prmitie cornfield, where the poppies blush, Aoll the merry lark builds its nest, By the blackberry bush, where the blithesome thr ush Is trilling a lay at its best, By the sparkling river Which flows by the mill, A- woisting the old water-wheel, I watnder with Nance, and hier lovely cheeks fill With the blushes that o'er them steal. And the crimson sun in the glorious west Sheds itsfinal beams o'er our forms, And the passion of love in my heaving breast Seems stronger than mightiest storms. The twilight deepens, and I ask, "Aye, or Nay," For the secret i cannot repress; And I eagerly list for the word she'll 'ay, And, most happy of men I 'tis " Yes." A. C. HlEAD, Eastbonrue, ANAGRiAMS OK BIRDS. 4.-" Then as you feel so very much afrail, Why, I shall hire a man L to pesh," I said. They rang a glee so woll, that, with ::o d cause The people encored them 'nmi great aipj'lause. He does teach not the thintrs that you should know, And therefore, dear, I thick you shouldn't go, A g ing of burglars are about the place; Tie proof of it you every where can trace. There's glue in all the jo iute of this bureau; I'm sure of it, for father tJ,l tUe so I This tram will take us on to Coamberwell, And we can see you home, and Ned as well. Don't hIny an acre, land is very dlear, And will continue so to be, I hear. "And nmust we pert so soon, my pretty maid F" "Alas, we must I" and so " Faroewell I" weo said. W. D. PIcuen:uIo, Southwark. ROTATION CHANGE. IChanee thtelstters of a word in suacession to form other words.) 5.-From my warm first I hastily arose, And reached the deck in time to face my foes. ts on a daisie 1 next reclined I lay, I thought- "Move on; you're sp'iling all my hay." Tihe quack declared, "This third, when boiled, will heal Every disease which troubled mortals feel." Tbh last caught fire; the owner in despair saw all his fowl, unplucked, well roasted there. -PAnRIc S., Belfast. PALINDROME. IA Word which read baekwvards or forwards is still the same.) 6.-There lived a philosopher, once on a time, Who, whenever misfortune o'ertook him, Would smile, and repeat this peculiar rhymes Whose maxims with laughter oft shook him: 'Tis no matter, The time will come When all will be happy, And sorrow go dumb; When women won't quarrel, And men won't fight, And all that we do Is bound to he right. When all shall suceed, And no one shall fail, And no this performed Will repentance entail. W. KORLEs, Camberwell. CHARADE. tIormed oe a word each, syllable of which is a wordJ ?7-Iaud comes into the garden oft To get my first, when my first is soft And as, rejoicing, she takes my whole, My sccond in visions sweeps over her soul, -a.py ylani , if you gain it too, would-that I might bestow it on you; Happier still if the ch~uace betide, Ray ~ei ad osiols i could take by your side. BUDARUDDa AND I~ooTp.
CURTAILMENTS, (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 8.-" Oh, why is the world so besprinkled with woo P" Sighed a sweet little maiden so weary; "And why does Adolphus lack money, and so Make existence so morbidly dreary P And "-here she indulged in a toss of her head-- "Oh, why do things obstinate prove ? But last's a sweet dream, some philosopher said, So I think I shall marry for love." So she beamed on Adolphns her glorious smile- Quite heroic she was, she was sure, For allowing him freedom to worship her, while He a nobody was, and so poor. But, alas ! a new prinid appeared on the scene, And her love for Adolphus went smash; For the other new suitor, though awfully green, Had a title, and plenty of cash. "Now, the course of true love noveryea did run smooth, Is a proverb I must not forget." She soliloquised thus, her young conscience to soothe, \Vhen she thought how Adolphus would fret i "And some sorrow will make us more patient, I know," Mused the brave little girl, growing bold ; Thus she wrote to Adolphus, explaining things so, Tien she married the one who had gold. Porrv. 9.--" Now is the winter of our discontent" As Shakespeare sang two hundred sears ago; And since that date old Father T'ims has sent Us many a blustering winter, as we komw. And now he comes again with heavy tread, And Mother Nature pales before his ire. As trampling over flowers all crushed and dead, He speeds along upon his mission direo. Sharp-featured Frost runs nimbly in his train, Au artist he, who in a single night Paints with swift brush strange pictures on the pane. A magician, too-he turneth black to white I Now draw the blinds against the chill wind's powers, Now let the logs upon the prnil.a roar, And mirth shall cheer each next through the long hours, For that old grey.beard Winter's hero once more I ADA A. COULSON. 10.-On what .irst, riddlors, ran I write For this our "' '." That has been before your sight In this our "'I'." ? Not of the sun, the stars, nor moon, Nor of the morning, night, or noon, For they are stale, you'll say full soon, In this our " T." What can I write about our Ed. For this our " T." That has not long ago been said In this our " T." ? IIis virtues oft have been extolled, And 'nueth his banner were enrolled, And ever hope our place to hold In this our " T." What of the ladies cau I write For this our " T." ? They surely hold their own with might In this our " T''." Such gladsome songs we hear next sing, Whilch charms around is se .n to fling, Their voices ever echoing In this our " T." What can I write about the knights Of this our " T." Who have attained last honoiured height In this our " T." ? What need i say P for you with me Will, I am certain, all agree, Their cons. a pleasure 'tis to see In this our " T." F. PHI.LIPS, Mottingham, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaviull another word.) 11. -Lot me wipe away the teardrop That lingers on your cheek, And soon bring back the first-ful smile That lightens dimple meek. Let me kiss away the shadows, That darkling, throng your brow, As the sweet warm zephyr hIusries Dewdrops from the flow'r.e now., Noex thy head upon my breast, Wipe your eyes and be at rest. "The pudding's gone, how can I?" Faintly came the sad reply. I. II. CLEAncios, 12.-In praise of her whose name is often seen Within the "Tourney's" page, I fdai would write Of her who won th' exalted name of queen, By the productions which she did indite; Next by the power of her unaided might Did gather round her knights and ladies fair, Who, too, have won fame in the riddling fight; But rightly she the laurel-wreath doth wear, And rightly she the first of higher power doth bear. IvawnoE, Belfast. 13.-My frst is most proverbial For being thrown about; Behead, search well in musio, And you will find me out. Then please again behead me, And you will surely see A most common nurtieral, Not nine, nor six, nor three. GOM AHAWK. 14.-A scending high the radiant clouds above, U pward and upward still my first doth rise; R esounds the air with melody. Sure the love O f earth is lost within you glorious skies. R eason, perchance, that when of old news of the earth was sought in vain, A messenger from out my next was sent who loved tree, rock, and plain. DAisY. 15.-My lirst is what comes next to close; Then throw a letter first away, And then the house the Britons chose To live in; so farewell I say. R, W. M'DONNELL, Dublin. ENIGMAS. 16.-Inside and outside of Nelly's tiny boot, Sometimes an inch long, and sometimes a foot i Just with your life it came, ceaselessly to grow, Dies it also as it lives, ceaselessly, I know. Now it doesn't die or live, why, you are not told; Is it that its head is shaped in forms a thousandfold P Now it is a dangerous thing, now prevents a fall; Now it has a noble head, now no head at all; Now at your feet belbw, now above your head: Will die, too,when you die, and last when you are dead. C. P. MLITCHELL. 17.-When first my maker formed me to his mind, He gave me eyes, yet left me dark and blind; He formed a nose, yet left me without smell; A mouth, but neither voice or tongue to tell; The world me use; yet oft the fair through me, Although I hide the face, do plainly see. MsEPIIISTO. 18.--There's an actress of hIigh renown, Who masquerades in London town, And nightly brings the whole house down, unt altlough her name you heor and see, I'm stite you cednnot tell it to me; Her name, Ike herself, is mystery. -oa h oT,
ACROSTIO. (A word, or words, formed of the ilitial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 19.-Where the sunshine brightly Falls in purest gold, Sits a winsome maiden Beauteous to behold. Whole she doeth swiftly, While the petals sweet Of the crimson roses Drop upon her feet. Cross Words. Many a first in old days, ~ceing one so fair, Might have crowned with jewels Her soft, chestnut hair. From her li)ps carnation Might have tried to gain Next, that might have i aniihed Many a weary pain. For a third seems Florence Of sweet purity, Bht her smiles and bluohes Are alone for me. In a simple cottage I)id I find my pet; When the fourth were singiug Songs I'll ne'er forget. More than fifth I prize her; More than land or gold Do I deem the honour Her white hand to hold. Life has seemed a sirth, friends, Full of poetry. Sttace I told my love.tale 'Neath a chestnut tree, Whispered of a future, Where we two should be Happier than song-birds In their sevenths free. For I saw last gloaming In her hazel eyoes; And her gentle bos:om Softly fall and rise. M. E. Bonoe L. DUAGRIAMS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 20.-Oh. come, Arthur Clennam, I've set you a task, So make haste and write a respectable con. ; For pity's sake, don't come bothering to ask, " Why, what in the earth can I write it upon P'" Now, what is the matter, you great stupid fellow P One would think you had quite taken leave of your senses ; 'Pon my word, you are looking remarkably yellow- Quite bilious, in fact; but it all a pretence is, Just to " get out" of soaring on " swift.winged pen "- In other words, writing for Younig Folks" T." So look sharp, my boy-get your paper and then Kindly pop down a subject, and rhyme it for me. Can't a ou write a first ode of your " sweet hours of child- hood" P- Of the dear "bygone days," now for ever departed ? Can't you wail of time when you roamed in the wild wood With one who has since left you lone-" broateu- hearted" P Or stay; can't you write of a sweet little girl, With " eyes like the heaven," or " black as a sloe," And hair flowing brightly in natural curl, With a nest as if roses were laid upon snow P Then say that she shed o'er your life such a brightness- That you loved the dear child with lasting affection; Then cannot you say that this vision of lightness Faded to shine on Heaven's higher perfection? So come-here are plenty of subjects you know; Choose one from the number, and " work it up" well, Make it pathetic, speak of " hearts-tears" that flow, And that sort of thing, for such phrases will" tell." So up, up, my boy-write a riddle in earnest, And try to beat Gow in a "Tournament" battle, And end this base rhyme, or encomianus the sternest Will be heaped on your head for such rubbishing rattle. ARTHUne CLENNAM. 21.-If Miss Marion Taylor deserted our "T.," And never returned again, If D. Gow or Fred Wallis should turn and flee, Or the Adcockalorum twain; If the modern Redivivus Ilythologee (The Olympic, I mean) should e'er go to the "D.,' Where, then, would our first of contributors beP I wonder, If I should give up and ne'cr write any more- Let my genius fade and decay, While the public, tast-ed, should howl for the gore. Spilling, bloodthirsty books of the day ; If the " P." poked their cheques through the crack in the floor, And howled for my poems and stories galore, Where would be my sense if I bolted the door P I wonder. ROBERT LE DIABLE. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 22.-Whilst strolling down a lane, Where first supremest stillness, I felt more like myself again- Blood freely rushed through every vein, My head seemed clear, likowise my brain, After a weary illness. But quickly changed the sceno- It neat with fiercest fury, And soon upon the grass so green 1 fell, and as a corpse was seen; And ere another day had been, O'er me there sat a jury. My burial was arranged- I saw it all impending; My relatives seemed nigh deranged, When, lo i again the scene was changed- I had in dreamland been estranged; It was a pleasant ending. T. STonR. 23.-Alone first stand upon the beach, And gaze as far as neat can reach, 'Mid evening shadows dim; The ships like phantoms seem to glide Over the waters, lone and wide, So vast, so dark, and grim. S~TNTax, Warrington. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 25.-I am a word of letters five- A kind of feast, I mean; Please to reverse it now, and, lo t A mechanism's seen. E. LEIDHOLD. BETAGRAIM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 25.-We have both been boys together- Chums in the dear old school; So in sad or happy weather, May friendship be our rule. You have ever first my sorrow, Aqd have always neat me pain; . May I ever keep your friendship Pure and free from ev'ry stain. ISha~ltgf.
META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 26.-Oh, why do I grieve o'er my unhappy fate, When I know there's no use in complaining P And secretly curse when my sister says "wait," And I see all the laurels she's gaining ? O why do I grumble, and bluster, and blow P Ah, reader, now wouldn't you just like to know P Oh, why do I bless my old uncle's grey hairs When he talks of his books and his learning? And why do I smash all the tables and chairs. And then gloat o'er the name I am earning ? And why in my grief do my last wildly flow ? Ah, reader, now wouldn't you just like to know P And why do I lock myself up in my room, And for weeks with my friends have no dealing ? And why do I sit in the shadow and gloom, And stare for whole hours at the ceiling ? And why does my primal grow feebly and low ? Ah, reader, now wouldn't you just like to know ? And why of such woes have I more than my share P And why can't some other man take them? And why are my troubles so frightful to bear ? Oh, sure I it can't be that I make them ? But make them I do, reader, that's why I errw Each day in my spirits more wretched, you knonw, But there, like" Dick Swiveller " I've read of of late I believe there's no use in repining So I'll put it all down to the freaks of my fate, And won't hide from the sun when it's shining. So, reader, whenever you your follies show, Do likewise; it's such a good thing, don't you know. H. A. TArLon, Birkenhead. ANAGRAMS ON NAMES OF RIDDLES. 27.-Come and have a game in here. I can't come out, because I'm queor. Indeed no, Tilly; I shall not bring You anything, you naughty thing. While she was walking down the road, Emma snet a great fat toad. Never, sir, on any account will I Do such a thing; I'd sooner die. Arthur went to fetch his cont, While Tom ran in to post bid's note. The soldiers marched along the street, The fifes did play, the drums did beat. CA IRA. TRANSPOSITION. (Tranepose the letters in a word to form another word.) 28.-My first is dear to all, I'm snure- Without it we should live no more; Last is a usefol tool, you'll flul, Used by workmen of all kind. C. Bosanii, Lambeth. DELETION. (ror a letter from the word chosen, loeaing another wordJ 29.-From a country a letter delete, And a county then your gaze will meet; Repeat the process, and you will flud A foreign title is left behind. J. BirnntLL, Belfast. CONUNDRUM. 30.-Friends of Young Follks " 'Tournament," Ureeting you again, I ask Why should the orthography Of " Esther" be a simple task ? CLIa.A BLtEIMEaR. 31.--Dear riddlers, now I have a con., Find it out if you desire; This is the one I've hit opon- Which is the lightest Scottish shire P 0. LEIDnIILD. DIAMOND PUZZLE,. 32.-Now, in this diamond you will find First is a letter seen in blind; Second is a river that in Scotland does flow; Third is to what all earthly things go ; Fourth is termed rightly a part of the body, And fifth is a letter seen in Tom Noddy. I). W}IITELAW DOUBLE DIAGONAL SQUARE PUZZLE. Foundation Words. 33.-Marching along the flrst were playing, The street was thronged with people huzzaing, Opinion, or creed, this word supplies, A palindrome here; at least I surmise. Cross Words. To wither, to blight, to destroy, I declare ; Mind how you speak it, or you will swear; We drank all the second we had in the shop, And just as we finished, the Dutchman cried" shtop ;" A surname here 1 send; no doubt, sir, You'll quickly find the answer out, sir. We often bury them in the earth, Though 'tis from thence they take their birth. My last means support, some people say ; How long could they support a last of hay ? J. Lsaon, Warrington. HIDDEN RIDDLERS' NAMES. 34.-Does that wart hurt your hand P? She has kilted her gown of green satin. How did they come to destroy Stonehenge ? This is my abode now. Will these lessons never end, Leila? We have none of these in stock, sir. Seen the queen ?-I even spoke to her. Phil, old fellow, give the riddle up. If you have the "tin," you're all right. Have you seen the Tay, Lorrimor F--R, S. RITCHIE.