RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TBANSPOSITION.
(TranaIS o the letters In a wuord to form another word.) L.For months quite unnumbered a minstrel's booeen singlng, ad lo I in my heart his clear notes have been ringing 8osweetly agreeable. jobert le Diable, What though from Hades your footsteps may roam ' We love you to come And cheer us with scenes of your very warm home. Oh, gobert, Lord Robert, my trusty good foeman, your valour as knight is unrivalled, and no man Will fst to dispute the fact, wrongly refute the fact; o I would have it proclaimed through the land That by you I'll stand, Encouraged to sing by the clasp of your hand. Lord Robert, my friend, let me tell of the pleasure your promise afforded; your words I will treasure, For narrative metagrams, similar betagrams, Narrative cons., were becoming a pest; It must be confessed Itthe Sphinx, poor old boy, has had quite enough rest. Believe me, sir knight, when .I last your decision $yheart grew quite light, and my woe but a vision; o stauuehly we'll fight, my friend, cling to the right, my friend, rit as we used to in days that are o'er, Cons. by the score, oDicring the narrative kind evermore. MARIon TAYLOR, London. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. Theletters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) I-If you ever aspire to acquire-a desire That is perfectly upright and fair- Apoet to be, just like me, don't you see, Just apply to S. Archie de Bear. I'm open to all, from the small to the tall, The magical art will I teach; I'll serve them a lay, as they say, grave or gay, And in sticking will rival the leech. Comic verse will I write, pithy, bright, heavy, light, All orders will I execute; I'd write of a cor(p)se, of a horse, and of course For poetry I'm always cute. If you wish for a verse that is terse, not averse Is yours truly, dear friends, will I say; And then as a child I'll be mild, cr e'en wild, And charge f6r it no extra pay. I'll write of your nose, of your woes, and suppose That you ask me to write you a verse For you to recite at a fight, for you might Wish to tell them that boxing's a curse. I'll give it with speed if you need I An' you plead, I'll spout you some poetry rare I But now I must go, for you know it is so When I sign here S. AcamIE DE BEAR. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two'last letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) ,-Oh, where, and, oh, where, in this wonderful world Can you find such a treasure unhid P Oh, where could you get such a beautiful pet, And what would you do if you did ? Her wealth is the wealth of a Cid, Of suitors she'll never be rid: Oh, what would I do if I found her untrue P Nay, now, may the angels forbid I It was down on the sands by the side of the sea, 'Neath t e far-stretching heavens, we met, Which weri ashen and grey, and were weeping away Like an elegant child in a pet; She stood-I will never forget- In the rain like a fish in a net; So I stopped, and said I, with a glance at the sky And a shrug of my shoulders, " It's wet." She looked at the seaweed that lay at her feet, Then at me with a glance of disdain; But a drop from the sky fell right into her eye, So she looked at the seaweed again And straightway commenced to complain, In a sweet and most musical strain, That though water was good, which she owned as she should, She was not very partial to rain. Ipaused full five minutes to let her get wet, Then said, " Just a moment, dear miss, This beautiful gamp, which is now rather damp, I will lend you for-well, for a kiss." And so it amounted to this- She was saved, so the subject dismiss; But I'll say e'er I go, as you're lo nging to know, Ever since we've existed in bliss. Toss. NARRATIVE META.OMEGRAM. Itgethe first and last letters of a word to form another word expressed in the narrativeJ 4.-'Tis nonsense you abusing Your amusing Muse, when she Thinls she will be a-tuse.in', Although out upon the spree; For if you should be losing Your amusing Muse, you see It would be useless choosing New ideas for poetree I If e'er you should be musing When you're seated 'neath a tree, And thoughts from you are oozing, Make a table of your knee And write the verses, using Only rhymes that there should be; And now I'll be vanooziug As thhy're yelling, " Come to tea I" T. E. BAeLEY, Manchester. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) "Twin Angels," you think you're remarkably clever To have found out my name (P), which none e'er knew before ; at a result of your busy endeavour, It's a pity you did not discover some more. dou find that my father's of Grecian extraction, my mother a priicess of Russian descent? my sister's an actress of wondrous attraction, .*h my brother in gaol for not paying his rent r fear thata e tefitst-our dear lady-won't pay you ot ti. ding a mare's.nest so palpably next; All keep your temper, " Twin Angels," I pray you, nd by such a trifle strive not to be vexed. DIANA R. O'D. CONUNDRUM. 6.--If you'll onily pay attention, And miud wuat you're about, l am sure you will soon tell me Which is the best ship out. LORDan TICroKLE-'EM-UP, London. CHARADE. IForm~ d on a word eah ylteahle of whtah is a word.) *k ·lirst you'll find to be half'way, irfy last is that which follows day; :*if you place these two aright, ,. ".8O A 8 A D BEAR
NARRATIIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the frst letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-Wha t a compliment you pay me in the Number 937, Really, you have quite transported me into a second heaven I Only think, ye riddlers clever, this new gallant has de. clared That my cons. to his effusions canbe honestly compared 1 Philander Mugg I What a rom de plums you've chosen to display your skill as knight I What a cognomen to boast of What a fearful name to writel What a- Oh I the dread contortions I am making you should see, And though you are brave and dauntless, yet I fear they'd frighten thee, Philander Mugg I How you talk of all our warriors, V. D. T., and Ivanhoe, Jo-King, H. A. T., and others I Really, sir, you ought to know They could beat e'en your grand riddles, but I fear you're making game Of our bravest "Tourney" heroes, known as knights of riddling fame, Philander Mugg ! Still, sir, you are very witty, full of sparkling mirth and fun, And I trust that you will always go on as you have begun; But I really can't allow it, this you very plainly see, That you should abuse the, others and praise up poor, worthless me, " Philander Mugg ! I am now Domremy's damsel, Marion's dauntless Jeanne D'Arc: If at me your wit is levelled I'm afraid you've missed your mark I For I'm but a peasant maidan, burnt to ashes, long ago, Dead and buried and forgotten; surely, this you ought to know, Philander Mugg ? Never mind, you bold Philander, even maidens like to joke, And your riddle made me laugh so that I thought I'd really choke; What a " Ml gg " I was to do it!--don't you think so? But I'll try Not to laugh at you in future; please forgive me, and good-bye, Philander Mugg ! NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. 9.-From the far immortal regions where the awful mystic legions Watch the gates of high Olympus at great Jupiter's command, With his armour brightly gleaming, every inch a warrior seeming, Comes, in readiness for battle, Hercules in fashion grand. He has visited the royal Jupiter as vassal loyal, And has rested in the bowers of Olympian realms sublime; But, all idle pleasures spurning, and for fields of conquest yearning, Comes he back to fight in "Tourney" with his ancient friends of rhyme. Let the knights most kindly hail him, let not any foe assail him, For he comes in brazen armour all invincible and proud; Let all traitors fear and tremble, let the faithful bands assemble, Welcoming the ancient hero who to foeman never bowed. Comes he here as warrior vaunted, comes he here to face undaunted Any knight who has the courage to confront him in the fight; In the fore he plants his banner in a high imperious manner, Daring any to molest it or contend against his might. Let his words not seem offensive, let no one feel appre- hensive That he comes unto the "Tourney" just to raise a little noise; He appears as Grecian clever, just as good and brave as ever, To partake with all his comrades in the battle's rhyming joys. HERCULES. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leavinu another word.) 10.-If you ever would see a woman First she's really and truly vexed, Just look at her out in the garden When trying to scare a nest. 31AGOIE CONQUER, Newcastle. 11.-My first denotes the time of day; My second's a safeguard, you will say. IRON MASE. META-PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one of a word, to form another word.) (With apologies to nobody in particular.) 12.-I have my fears, Appalling quite, That it appears This hapless wight Has no ideas Of which to write A riddle for the "Tourney." But still I'll essay to compose you a lay That truly should meet approbation, Concerning a maid who a trifle afraid Was of gaining a man's estimation. She vowed ere she'd wed she would sooner instead Be numbered among the expired; Though, between you and me, it was easy to see That by love she had ne'er been inspired. She was so explicit that when she a visit Received from a notable earl, She told him directly she did not expect he Would be much at a loss for a girl. " Go farther afield, sir ; your charms you must wield, sir, In any direction but mine; Experience teaches that love qauickly bleaches, So to marry you, sir, I decline." Oh, maidens fair, In single state, Don' t faint-beware l-- While I relate, In doleful air, The dreadful fate That happened to this maiden. As years quickly passed, to conclusion at last She arrived that 'twas time now to wed; Her charms began testing in view of investing Her wealth of great love I--but instead She first to her chagrin a suitable bargain Was an article scarce to be found; Though masculine mortals in high and low portals She wooed, all the country around. Some scorned her, some chided, while others derided, Though her manners were winsome and coy, Until, all uncaring, she grew quite despairing, Her life seemed bereit of all joy. Her wish to be "missis" was brought to a crisis, T She found that she last not approach mad; L Resources expended, her trouble she ended de By wedding her favourite coachman. o n E. W. ·roane, London. O
NARRATIVE METAGRABMS. d (The first letter of a wordl is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 1.--"Justice is ours, 'tis plain to see," d The magistrate began; " Justice is ours, 'tis plain to see, S And you're the guilty man; And by your face and trembling limbs I judge you're going to faint, ;" But the prisoner only wiped his mouth u And said, " You lie, I ain'tl" "The proofs I have are clear as day," o The magistrate exclaimed "Five watches stolen from a shop, a And you, I hear, are blamed. But, come, I know you'll own the crime, For hide your guilt you can't;" But the prisoner only scratched his head And said, "You lie, I shan't I" , "The culprit," said the magistrate, o "Had on a suit of blue Much frayed about the edge, and that e I find agrees with you; So that, you see, your guilt is plain, Well may your brow grow hot." But the prisoner only winked his eye And said, " You lie, it's notl" Then the magistrate rose slowly up Like a man who'd heard his fill, 0 And asked the prisoner if he would like A six months' tour on the mill. Then the prisoner gasped, and said, "Oh, not Have mercy, sir. Pray don't I" But his worship only blow his nose And said, "You lie, I won't l" Toss. e (With apologies to the Authors of "The Yeomen of the I Guard.") 14.-A youth who would be a great bard Should strive from all staleness to guard, t And carefully try To be hum'rously dry, And invariab:y play a trump card. He should study the style of our queen, Who can write perfect verses, I ween; Then if he'll dismiss From his mind cons. like this, He will stand on Parnassus serene. It is more than a matter of will, He must, to socceed, have the skill; And every liuo Must amuse or refine, If he wants to earn fame with his quill. He must use great discretion in rhyme, And attempt something higher each time; Then ev'ry youth Will exclaim, " In good sooth, This riddler is writing sublime." SHe must give them a finishing touch, But with care, or he'll do it too much; It's a delicate task (He may Tennyson ask I) And ought to be treited as such. It is more than a matter of will, &c. From vulgarity verse must be free, It would suffer in lowered degree; Though a rhyme may ensnare, He should never despair, For a better word quickly he'll see. If refused, be may calmly abide, There's always a turn in the tide; Soon in print he'll appear, If he'll just persevere And set Ivanhoe up as his guide. It is more than a matter of will, &e. F. JoansoN, Manchester. 15.-J.BBirrell wrote a famous con., 'Twas sweet, and short, and pretty; My tablets'tis engraveu on- It said that I was witty. It said that I was witty, 0, This paper-staining elf, sir; J. Birrell, list, this ditty, 0, I'm writing to yourself, sir. To thank you now is my intent, Keen-witted as a squirrel; Your judgment, sir, is excellent. Bon soir-good.bye, J. BIrrell. J. W. SEWELL. METAGRIAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 16.-Far away in the North is the island I love, Encircled by ocean so blue, With wild, rugged cliffs like towers above, Where nest the wild hawk and seamew: Shapinsay Isle, where my forefathers dwelt, And first now in silence they sleep. Oh, sweet was the pleasure and joy I have felt, And dear are the memories I keep Of that dear little house where in childhood I stayed, Of my friends there so loving and kind : econd never was kindness and welcome displayed Than that which in Orkney you'll find. MAGGIE ConquaE, Newcastle, 17.-I heard a strain sung in the " T." With voice of love and yearning, By one who ever smiles to see New-comers glory earning; She called herself a wanderer. Nay, In every heart abiding, She is embodied in each lay, All time and change deriding. But now, self-abnegating, she Her golden crown has tendered To one whose voice of jocund glee Has willing service rendered. A queen of queens, a light of lights, Her victories all resigning, Has doffed her crown where love unites With hope, its garlands twining. 'Tis not for me to utter words Of longing or persuasion, And all that such resolve affords Is on this fit occasion . To tender many heartfelt thanks For first and graceful greeting, Oft spoken in these " Tourney" ranks At many a happy meeting. For years our young and graoious queen Has o'er the jousts presided; Old friends are gone, new.comers seen, While onward time has glided. And who the " Tourney" have forgot When thought can bring them nearer P And who can find in every lot An institution dearer P 1 Round, knights, round, maids, and let us sing 1 Of all so swiftly fleeting, 1 With hope that coming hours may bring A tender, joyful meeting. The witching thoughts of bygone days Give cause for saddening pleasure; May we. adown the misty ways, Last changeless, lasting treasure. IV&naso, Belfast. HIDDEN NAMES. 18.--Well, I must admit I like the lively "Riddle (1 Tournament." I gave his brother William audience. T Let me have George, or get another fellow-any one will do. Choose the colour yourself-red, black, or blue. Charlie says I'm tomeet him at six to-morrow evening.- gi CODarI, de
DUAGRAM. (Ohaneo the-frst two letters of a word to form another word.) 19.-While passing through a noted town not very long ago, On pleasure bent, we think that it is well for you to know, We paused before the station of a corps of fire brigade; In prominent position was a fire.escape displayed. All covered 'twas with wreaths of Nature's garnishment so fair, Resplendent looked, and gave perfume to summer's balmy air. It seemed so very curious, we thought we'd learn the cause, So 'fore the gate inquiringly we for a space did pause; A fireman old was standing there, and so we him ad. dressed; Said he, "That fire-escape there with a history is blessed. I see that you are wond'ring, as so many strangers do; It seems so very strange to them and maybe same to you. Bat if that you've some time to spare a yarn to you I'll tell Of brave young fireman Walter. Yes, I know the tale too well. He died a truly noble death, to man his duty done; I've cause to recollect it, sirs-the young man was my son. One night, five years ago-ah, me! how quickly time will fly, (When I recall that night I can't restrain a mournful sighi)- We were sitting in a room not many yards away from here, For 'tis a rule to meet in there to chat o'er supper beer, When suddenly the fire-bell of the station rang aloud- Each seemed to know calamity hung o'er us like a cloud. We sprang up from the table and with each man at his post Away we soon were dashing-duty is our greatest boast- Unto the scene of fire which was a mile or two away.. We soon arrived. I'll not forget it till my dying day. It was an ancient mansion, soon ablaze from end to end. 'Twas doomed, although to save it we our greatest pow'r did lend; 'Twould have held you almost spellbound to have seen that awful sight: The sky for miles around was lit by flames of lurid light. The fie-escape was sent, although'twas said that all were out; 'Twas not so, for that statement was quite promptly put to rout; For while we lent our aid to place the 'scape against the wall, An agonizing cry was heard above the noise of all. On looking up above to learn the cause, to our dismay, There, at a window high at which the ruthless flames did play, We saw a little child, whose hands were clasped as if in prayer, Beseeching aid from us below in dreadful, mute despair. With willing hands our men propelled the ladders up on high, Amidst an awful silence only broken by a sigh; And one by one ascended we the ladders, but, alack! Each time half choked by primal smoke were cruelly driven back, Until we almost had despaired that baby-life to save. It seemed that nothing earthly could prevent a fiery grave, When suddenly my Walter brave the ladders did ascend- He'd vowed that he would save her or his life with hers would end. We watched him climb so boldly till he reached the little child : The people now commenced to cheer as if they'd all gone wild. He'd wrapped his tunic round her and prepared to bring her down, When a danger unsurmountable too speedily was shown. The smoke that had the ladders hid now parted 'fore our view; We saw the flames had caught them and had almost burnt them through. My boy had seen his danger, but with fearlessness so great, While we below all held our breath, descended to his fate. Ah, sirs I my feelings then were better thought of than portrayed; I would have moved both heav'n and earth the danger to have stayed. Although he'd done his best, sirs--oh, I think I hear the sound I- The ladder broke, and then-oh, Heav'n I my boy fell to the ground I Believe me, gents, while I'm alive I'll ne'er forget that scene, The shock so stunned me that I had upon a mate to lean; I soon revived, and then towards the fatal spot I went, And found my fears were realized-his fearless life was spent. Ah, sirs ! my grief was hard to bear-I'd lost an only son. Too true, he's gone, and left his poor old dad to mourn alone. The child survived the fall, for she upon his breast had lain; He fell upon his back and thus protected her from pain. She's living still, and often to my little room will come; She loves me for the sake of him in that Eternal Home. Her father-he is rich, sirs-out of gratitude so pure A monument erected that his last deed might endure. And ev'ry year the people deck with wreaths both 'scape and grave- A lasting token of respect in which they hold the brave. And if, sirs, you have still a little time yet left to spare, And wish to see my Walter's grave, I'd like to take you there." E. GsonaE AND J. STocxs, Lambeth. SQUARE WORDS. 20.-First, my dear friends, find my riddle outquickly; Of the two sorts of languages second is one; Third brings the letters which often we long for; Fourth is a lady's name. Now 1 have dae. DIANA R. O'D.