RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENT.
1.-So weary and worn, So sad and forlorn, With clothes that were wretchedly tattered and torn, Unloved, uncaressed, By no mother blessed, And nowhere to turn for a single night's rest. Uncombed was his hair, His feet cold and bare; His face, last and white, showed true signs of first there. Swift through the dense throng He hurried along To the place where the choristers sang their grand song. The service is done, The folks one by one From out the vast church to their homes have all gone- All save the young lad Who that morning had Crept in through the portals, so weary and sad. They found him at night, So still, cold, and white, A smile on his face that was radiantly bright. An orphan no more, His short life was o'er; He'd reached his last home on a levelier shore. iMAaos TAYLon, Rock Ferry. OMEGR AI. 2.-Will this grief never end ? I have first thee, good friend, And I'll next thee, I fear me, for ever! Thou art going for aye To a land tar away, And I'll never behold thee more-never! I sadly deplore, 'To this stricken heart's core, The third of thee, faithful but dumb. Oh, W ith what innocent pride Would I on thy back ride, And stick pins in thee--dear, tough old Jumbo I I sob, howl, and sigh, As I whisper " Good.bye ;" To thy hideous, but ever dear carcass; And seeing thee grieve When the Zoo thou didst leave, On the sea of despair did embark us. Now the nuts, shells-some tons- With the stale tarts and buns, To the monkeys will go, every crumb, oh I A safe voyage and quick . But when you're (humph I) sick, Won't you wish you were back, poor, dear Jumbo I G. Taor. DECAPITATION. 3.-Two youths were sitting in a room, Composing cons. were they; One of them hailed from England old, And one from north of Tay. As o'er the paper pencils fly, No word by them is spoken. When, lo! a first They quickly start, And see a window broken. " 'hat's that ?" says J. " Dunno," says M. " But, look I as sure as Cato, The glass is smashed; and you can see 'Twas done by this potato." " Ha! hal" laughed M. "He! he !" grinnedJ. " My window they have broken." Says M., "LMy child, I'm sure you wish The thrower at Hoboken. " Or would you put him on the last, If only he was here P" " I would," says J. " I'd do it fast, If I'd no cause to fear." J. M'COLL. CENTRAL DELETION. 4.-The sun has set, and golden clouds Now rolled along the sky, But on the dreadful battlefield Were many left to die. A soldier lay in helpless state Upon the bloodstained ground, And painfully he raised his eyes And gave one glance around. "' She comes," he said, " my wounds to first. Thank God my prayers are known." And soon a maiden sweet and fair Took his hand in her own. She found his wounds, and sadly sighed That e'er he saw that strife. Alas ! the maid in vain had tried To next the soldier's life. The morning sun shone brightly down Upon the battle plain; The soldier lay all stiff and dead 'Mongst thousands of the slain. L. LoxG, Athy. BETAGRAM. 5.-" She is very dear to me, And as o'er these words I'm pondering, My hand mechanically Is towards my pocket wandering; And my reasoning precise is That though first extremely nice is, While it nexts alone on ices, She'll be very dear to me." " She is very dear to me." Not a hard thing to discover, nor Is it difficult to see What an awful row my governor 'S sure to raise when I'm requesting Some more funds. The matters resting On this-mind, I am not jesting- She is much too dear to mel VENTO. 'ANAGRAMS ON RIVERS. 6.-If Edward rigs it out aright, His yacht will sail along quite light. I will not be a dun, my friend: To you I shall no money lend. I tell you, Sam, the nearest way Across old Giles's field does lay. First I drews ten, then James drew seven; But George beat both, for he drew eleven. What did I see in Lou's bright eyes That told me she was mine, my prize ? That wizard, sir, was quite a treat, Who with his hands performed a feat. O master I can you serve me so, Who saved you from th' assassin's blow ? You must not lie, or you will be A creature of hypocrisy. Now, don't forget, we dine by one; Be punctual, for we wait for none. DA~oN AND PYrTIAs. METAGRAM. 7.-Unknown to the "Tourney," a riddler, I come, Though famous I first hope to be; And shan't I be proud when I read in Yeounnq Folks The signature bold--Oswald E. I ask as a next the attention of all Who each week in our Young Folks I see. No doubt you will look with disdain on this con., As it's signed by unknown Oswald E. But, dear riddling friends, though unknown to you all, I trust every one will agree That some day, perhaps, renown may be galred As a riddler by yours, OswALD E. PALINDROME. 8.-A word which means a quick, sharp blow, If simply turned around, Another word I'm sure you'll know, Which meaneth equal value-so I hope 'twill soon be found. Anx IUOEHER, Shornclifle. CHARADE. 9.-Mg y first is a pronoun, "tis easy to see; My second is countless as countless may be; Which is rather to be wondered, For my wholse's but a few hundred. C. DEAN.
DOUBLE CENTRAL ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 10.-Incongruous article, thou art at best A heavy thing upon a suffering breast; Man may resist, but what can mortal do? The doctor says, " This is the cure for you." Crops Words. A silly thing to do; it shows a mind, Though scholarly, in manners far behind. Enveloped round by Yankee with romance, Who says it does more with its legs than dance. Some make us laugh, some draw a little tear, And make our hearts in sympathy draw near. Oh, sauce delicious, would I not you take, To season well my onions and fried steak. In knowledge full that others watch and see How daintily he cuts his " eight" and " three." " With a long, long pull," they draw away; Happy and blithe as birds are they. A Continental capital, where now is grown A peaceful quiet, alas ! there seldom known. A. H. SCALEs. CURTAILMENT. l.--Only a small boy mischievous, Standing alone in the lane, But his gravity cannot deceive us- There's some plot hatching now in his brain. Only a dog unsuspicious, Lying asleep in the sun; And that boy's got a primal malicious- His terrible work has begun. Only a black piece of metal, Oval, with handle and spout, A broken-down, mournful old kettle- But, ahaI now the plot's coming out ! Only that urchin audacious Tying the kettle with string To the tail of that dog, and-good gracious! Why, here is a singular thing 1 The animal, lately so quiet, And the kettle, possessed of new power, Are racing, with terrible riot, Down the road, sixty miles in an hour I Result: Nineteen ladies are shrieking, Eight donkeys, three mules, and a horse Have bolted, and every one's speaking At once-as a matter of course 1 Oh, dear, what an awful confusion ! Next standing, with unalloyed joy, On his head in the gardeu's seclusion, Is the cause of this uproar-that boy I RAYIOND. ARITHMOREM. Foundation I'Word. 12.-Mystic puzzle, oft I tax my brains To try and pierce the veil which hangs o'er thee; But nothing e'er rewards my arduous pains- You ever gain the mastery o'er me. Cross Words. 2,001 and noa Brilliant stone 50 ,, wobe Human bone; 601 ,, sern Ashes grey; 1,007 ,, farfate Meauing yea; 101 ,, renp Noble knight; 1,152 ,, peepbert Out of sight; 1,501 ,, ute Tiresomeness; 1,010 ,, roura Warlike dress; 1,051 ,, yet In good time; 502 ,, an Foreign clime; 10 ,, yon Costly thing; 52 ,, genthang Hear it sing. BARNETT DE BEAR. HIDDEN RIVERS. 13.-Make haste, Reuben, or else, I fear, You won't have time to crops the mere. Did uncle say what rent was due ? " He said it came to one pound two. Come here, my lad. You see that tree; Stop there a while, and wait for me. Oh, Arthur, pray don't talk so hight The people stare as they go by. Well, stay a moment, Tom ; I think That I shall have to use the ink. Come, Ernest, take this note for me, And see how handy you can be. What book is this, sirP Well, I hardly know; But stay, I think it is called " Ivanhoe." Tom Jones came here some time before, And asked me if I knew Fred Moore. T. Canswrrxn. ACROSTIC. Foun, dation Word. 14.-When 'neath the walls of ever famous Troy The Greeks sought foes to fight and to destroy, For warlike deeds, for great and lasting fame, Next to Achides, valiant primals came. When the great Hector braved a Grecian lord, To meet in deadly combat, sword to sword, He, with eight other chiefs, straightway arose To challenge Hector, greatest of their foes. The chiefs draw lots-the task to primals falls; He straightway for his warlike armour calls, Dons his bright breastplate, catches up his spear, And paces forth to fight the Trojan peer. They meet: Hector his weapon fiercely hurls ; Through primals' shield its fiery course it whirls, But hurts him not. His spear then primals threw; It rent the shield of Hector as it flew, But he, shrinking, escapes the fearful dart, That, if he had not, would have pierced his heart. Fiercely they fight, but night her solemn pall Casts o'er the field, and doth the warriors call Each to his camp. Hector proceeds with joy Back to his friends, the martial chiefs of Troy, While primals with King Agamemnon feasts Upon a slaughtered steer, fattest of beasts. Cross Words. This ship conveyed brave Jason back to Greece, When, with Medea's help, he'd gained the fleece. Sister of Jove, queen of the heavenly court ; Her mighty Jove to hurl his thunders taught. Son of great Hector, by Ulysses slain, For fear that he would Hector's virtues gain. This horse Achilles' stable did adorn, And of the harpy Calino 'twas born. AenGRIPPA. ENIGMA. 15.-There's no man can claim me, yet I'm in his life; To husband a stranger, I'm known to the wife. Of this earth we inhabit, a portion can claim; I take part in to injure, but not in to maim. The wide ocean knows me; so, too, the broad sea; Wherever there's change you will tumble on me. No sorrow doth hold me, no place I in joy; And yet am in grief, and still can employ In laughter a place. If you cannot make end Of these contradictions, I'm known to your friend. PEnTINAX. METAGRAM. 16.-Behold Don Zalva bravely sits upon his gallant steed, And calmly waits his foe's attack, nor danger doth he heed. The signal soon is given, and they at each other dash, Together coming in the fray with a terrific crash. Upon his shield Don Zalva first receive his foeman's tilt, Whose lance is shattered by the blow from blade-point to the hilt, While on the gorget of his foe Zalva strikes with suct force As, reeling, sends into the dust last rider and his horse, A. J. H. GIa-va, Colchester.