RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.OMEGRAM.
(Clas th first end last letters of a word to form another word.) 1-E ncbantOess Hope, with subtle power, D raw thy fair pictures on my brain I n all the varied hues that stain T he shining rainbow and the flower. B esap round me beauties in the hour K ept in drear sorrow, when I'd fain E ecall my childhood joys again; E ach mn gic first, each fairy tower, N ow raise, and I'll asin.a bower Dream dreams of loveliness, and reign L ike king awhile, and not in vain E re night's grey mists around me lower. o ome, Fancy, whisper unto me L ays of fair scenes on hill and dale, As from some pearly ocean shell Rises the murmur of the~sea;, A s the soft airs on lawn and lea B ear fragrance when the breezes swell ; 0 b, thus unto my spirit tell E ach distant landscape's history. H ymn of the blackbird on the tree, Murmur of bee in foxglove bell- E ach varied next of flood or fell, B elate in echoed notes to me. D Gow. DOUBLE ACROSTICS, hle lsal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Word. 2-,-A storm is raging on the coast, And lightning leaps along the sky; Upon the beach there is a host Of hardy fishermen, and most Of whom are not afraid to die. And soon a ship comesinto view, And drifts towards the rocky shore; But they on land can nothing do, Although they feel assured the crew Will shortly sink, to-ise no more. My primsol final sheds a glow Around upon the angry tide: Yet still the ship does onward go, As it she didn't care to know That danger was on ev'ry side. And soon a sudden round of shocks Is heard, and soon there'll be no trace Of her, for she is on the rocks, Where presently the ocean locks Her in its cold and death embrace. Gross Words. I made a pun, and Tom began to first So heartily I thought that he would burst. My second is a colour, and its hne Will surely be a certain kind of blue. Now, please curtail, to make my puzzle right, A tale that once afforded us delight. Now take a little pains; and if you do, You'll find that this is what I wish to you. They gathered round him when be said he'd tell A final, which he could do very well. J. A. MiAns uLL, Southwark. Foundation Words. 1,-When wrapped in the soft folds of slumber, we Are cast as 'twere upon some darkling tide, Whereon we glide, and glide all silently 'Mid fairy bepw'rs that line the banks each side, 'Tilpdoilitthe sunlight of calm happiness, As from the deep shades of our primal peep Sweetfinals, tender eyes, hands that caress The spirit in its ecstacy of sleep. Cross Words. England's surely first to Ireland's bray; Why not give Home Rule, not and for aye P Still fair second, she would own thee, Queen, Britain would be happy then, I ween. Your third lordly powers, so strong and vast, She would help to bind, aye, to the last. Yea, Britain, though fourth against the world, Will stand, while her foes are backward hurled. Then let not our last of justice sleep lltarvets of thanks from Ireland we'll reap. Gow AND DAENON. Foundation Word. 4.-A mimic fight, A pretty sight, When Sol's bright rays Make glad dark days. Cross Words. A tiny thread spun, I believe, When first we practise to deceive. I am not jesting when I cry That this queer pain is all myeye 1 Oh, serious one, with speech absurd, Thy voice is now but seldom heard. In death, for this our friends must pay, In life we pay it, by the way. CHRISTELLA P. CHELE. PRECE-OMEGRAM. Beathe iaat letter but one of a word to form another word.) In l afirst where there's so much of pain, And so many things going amiss, Tere's a balm forits comfort at home, I the smile and the sweet, melting kiss; Inthe gladness that beams in the eye, In te voices that fall on the ear, n the arms that are flung around the neck By ti.e faithful, the loving, and dear.. Though the day may be destined to bring Of its evils a merciful brood, ith ts frowning and buffeting sore. bil its sorrows a wild multitude, Still this solace is left for the heart- hiedsunshine of home, and the bliss Te doth banish the shadow, and next In the welcoming smile'and the kiss. Thogh our days and our journeys be rough, An the heavens seem all overcast, rWhe'is moments we surely will find f tLovehea t clounds and the troubles are passed. Sto Lo and to Home we are true, ra t elosos shall nourish the bliss ath hlorifes gladness and peace, nthe smile and the pure, loving kiss. J. A, BALL, Burtonwood. let NgARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. of a word are transposedu and form another word in the narratlv.J '-ot righton-al London by the sea"- t ot~ate-- tis o ll for me; Met yover, which I've "done," r aings, with its scorching su' " 5 'I-fri-eombe is pleasant, true; Lst .e I pin for "something now." 1 ean r ich supreme delight I've roved through Cornwall, Devon, Kent; Ii . cottn many a-weo have spent; S " as I love the hills and dales, , oe I take a tour through Wales ? C. A,. Coor'n.
MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning. but the same in soundJ 7.-Millie was beautiful, Millie was rich, Sweet as a dish of strawberries and cream, Full of blue blood, just a girl to bewitch, Fond of variety, loving society, Fit to excite e'en an emperor to dream. I was in love with her; madly I raved O'er her blue eyes and her tresses of gold, Dreamt of her nightly, and daily behaved Quite injudiciously, for I, capriciously, Swore that my love for her could not grow cold. Hourly I first for her, murmured her name, Fiuding in that even ecstatic bliss, Fancied that she would be doing the same, Sighing spontaneously, and, simultaneously, Peering with me into love's dark abyss. One day I called on her, told her my love, Begged and entreated, and prayed, and implored; Likened her eyes to the planets above ; But, most provokingly, she muttered, chokingly, That she was somebody else's adored. Madly I serang from her next, and declared That I would soon end my sorrowful life; But I repented that rash oath, and dared, A. month thereafter, to ask 'mid much laughter, too, Somebody else to become my fond wife. Psro. Dundee. ENIGMAS. 8.-In coldest regions I am found, where endless ice and snow abound; My home is on the waters blue, but sometimes on the land you'll view My shining skin and sparkling eyes, that gaze on man with great surprise. By Esquimaux uncivilized my skin and flesh are greatly prized- I furnish them with light and fire, and almost all that they desire; I give them food and clothing warm, to shelter them from fiercest storm. From many countries men have come and sought me in my lonely home, And suffered, hunger, thirst, and pain, to gratify their greed of gain; By them relentlessly pursued, they stun and kill me in cold blood; After I'm slain, they never rest till of my skin they are possessed. They bring it to a foreign land-great sums for it they can command; By ladies it is often worn, their stately persons to adorn. They make it quite their greatest boast to tell the money it has cost; Used also in affairs of state, kept by a statesman wise and great. Important thing that lacked my aid would for it have to be delayed; I'm known to every king and queen; I'm sure by you I'm often seen. IVANHOE, Belfast, 9.-Highest in power, and supreme in might, I'm coveted by all the human race; Man brought me out of darkness into light, But never yet has he beheld my face. Brave men in search of me have risked their lives, And travelled to the cold and frozen north; Inventions, great or small, I do devise, Yet no one ever will discern my worth. The schoolboy pores over an awkward sum, And as he ponders, to himself does say, " If it to me now would only come, I soon would join my schoolmates at their play." Boys and girls, the timid and the bold Covet me, whether I am sweet or sour, For times quite out of number, I've been told I am the path that shows the way to power. CA IRA. 10.-At times I am bright and joyous, And dazzle all your eyes ; I dwell on earth, 'midst rich and poor, And also in the skies. The richest home in any land Without me dull would be ; Needful am I every moment, Pray, give a name to me. INA GaAnH. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the firas and the first syllable of the seoondJ Triptich. ll.-Here they lie Before your eye- Come, you won't have far to seek; Within thd "T." You may see Them appearing week by week. Do not doubt it,.riddlers fair- Ypu will surely find them there. First Word. Upon the fields Where earth yields Nature's scenes so lovely and fair, 'Mid the grass Sweet hours pass, Basking in the sunshine fair. Here the birds trill forth their lay, The sheep and lambs upon it play. Second Word. An ancient city With scenery pretty, Standin'r 'neath the clear blue skies, Wh re riche, centre, Where many venture To wander where the mountains rise. And all the world seems to adore The beauties from its ancient lore. SYNTAX, Warrington. ARITHMOREMS. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flhures.) Foundation Word. 12.-Alone in the wild wood I wandered, Observing the rich, ripening buds; I plucked one, and o'er its charms pondered; 'Twas my wthole, sirs, the flower of the woods. Cross Words. 500 and abr A poet, sirs, is tlis, I ween. 1,050 ,, ba Oft grazing in the fields are seen. 51 ,, tunes A vessel in the kitchen used. 501 ,, rote Our cons by him are e'er perused. 1,050 ,, ab Sweet rest isjfilt/h unto the grieving. 500 ,, ne To act with thls my task I'm leaving. 550 ,, noon Where reside the "picnio party." 50 ,, hagu My eighth is loud and often hearty. Come, try your skill, dear riddlers, do, At solving this, my con. Adien. V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. Forundation Words, 13.-In pnimals you will surely see A wellknown riddler of our "T." Cross Words. 1 and nt A mineral you'll surely say. .1 ,, hngt Secon& comnes at end of day. 502 ,, na A foreign country now's in view. 20 ,, rees A foreign general now will do. .56 , eo .. Bitter fruit for fth please find. 150 ,,' anesew English town now call to mind. C, P. BAsstar, London.
DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of " w )rd, leaving another word.) 14.--ome praise the Blues and Life Guards, And some the Fusiliers. The second corps and Scots Greys, Coldstreams and Carbineers; But let us all, united. S-ng praises far and near T England's valiant hero, The British Volunteer. Whene'er we are commanded To rush upon the foe, Our motto's " Always ready;" And we quickly let them know That with us they can't primal, Nor weaken us with fears, For we're fair England's soldiers- Her trusty Volunteers. Then let us wish success to This brave and noble corps; And may they speld long life in The country they adore. Let each true-hearted Briton Send forth three lusty cheers For England's valiant soldiers- Her trusty Volunteers. CLARA Bos .MIS. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 15.-The grass was green, the sky was clear and blue, As I walked forth where first luxuriant grew; I mused upon the times of fairy lore, And wished those days would come around once more. And as my thoughts did into speech outburst, I heard a gentle rustle 'mid my first; " Surely," I cried in rapture, " this is one Of the good spirits of the bright days gone ! Come forth, thou spirit I from thy green retreat, Let thy kind eyes my wistful glances meet. Tell me, oh, spirit I what my fate shall be; Tell me if I am doomed to misery, Or tell me if my unpretending name Will be accompanied by wealth and fame ?" No answer came. Again I cried, "Appear, Thou radiant spirit of another sphere I" With shambling gait a form appeared and passed, Alas I I could have wept. 'Twas but a Last. DIANA R. O'D. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word,) 16.-Sir Sheepskin was a noble, and No man was ever haughtier; He was renowned throughout the laud, Was courted and was courtier. He studied first, and as for art, He often had a dab in it; For he could draw a neighbour's cart-- Could also draw the cabinet. When he began to make a speech, He made nsxt a queer " out" of it, The members for their hats would reach, And promptly would " clear out" of it. When once there was a great debate, And members could not leave the House, Sir Sheepskin made a speech so great As thoroughly to.grieve the House. He spoke all day, and all the night, And when the night had passed away, And morning dawned, it was a sight To see them snoring fast away. T. CARPENTaR. 17,-I was taking a walk in the morning air Through fields, and pastures, and woodlands fair, When far-off I spied, by a hawthorne first, A fierce young bull, for man's blood athirst. Like me, it was taking it's morning stroll; Its colour was black as the blackest coal. I glanced quickly round for a place to hide. And discovered a hole 'neath a small hillside, And there I lay as still as could be Until very nearly half-past three. At last, to my joy, I saw, and beckoned A youth, to come and make me second. "' I don't wish to be tossed from here to the Mull, By a fast, fierce, ferocious, and fickle younn bull," He turned around; " Gov'nor," said he, with a bow, That hanimal there is M'Kinstey's young cow 1" R. W. M'DONNELL, Dublin. VERBAL CHARADES. (A word, each letter of which is treated seoarately.) 18.-I am in kite, but not in string; I am in hat, but not in fling; I am in tail, but not in head, I am in eight, also in red; I am in four but not in two; I am in here, but not in you; I am in others, but not in these; I am in worry, but not in tease; I am in stone, but not in throw; I am in teach, but not in know; I am in house, but not in hut; I am, you see, in this small nut. Please put these letters in their place; That done, you'll very quickly trace A lady riddler's name, who holds A brilliant place' in " Tourney's " folds. J. G. NICHOLLS; Milton. 19.-My first is in road, but not in lane; My second is in stick, but not in cane; My third is in dog, but not in cat; My fourth is in dace, but not in sprat; My fifth is in latch, but not in hatch ; My sixth is in fetch, but not in catch; My seventh is in throat, but not in neck; My eighth is in boat, but not in deck; My ninth is in hurt, but not in pain; My tenth is in France, but not in Spain; My elesenth is in man, but not in boy; My twelfth is in play, but not in toy; My thirteenth is in moat, but not in boat; My fourtepnth is in vest, but not in coat ; My fifteenth is in mantle, but not in dress; My sixteenth is in draughts, but not in chess; My whole you will find in Young Folks Paper. L. M'LAREN, Southampton. CONUNDRUM. 20.-Queen of riddlers, hear me-. raw thy sweet face near me- Hearken to my simple little lay; Listen with attention, Hoar what I've to mention- Say you read with plea.ure what I say. You, the " Tourney" leader, I, an humble pleader, Ask you, beg you to a moment wait : Tell me why. whenever To write I endeavour, Pen of mine will never take me straight. T. H. HUnT, Fulham, LOGOGRIPH. IA word which may be treated as a metaram, decapltation, dele' tion. and transposition, bitt leaves a perfeat word after each opeoration.) 21.-My first too many wish to be; Behead, a summer flower you'll see; Again behead, transpose, you learn What thrifty toilers always barn. T. Nixon, Dudley Colliery,
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the oentre of a word to form another.) 22.-Tell, oh, tell me, tell me true, Maid with eyes of tender blue, Golden hair and voice divine, What doth vex that heart of thine P Teardrops gem thy benny eyes, On thy lip a quiver lies, From thy throat escapes a sigh- Tell, sweet maiden, tell me, why P Bath thy lover's love turned cold- Hath thy own love now grown old? Or dark jealousy's keen dart Found a target in thine heart ? Hast thou lost thy dearest friend P Or thy fortune reached its end? Are thy parents first to thee P Is thy life but misery P Maiden, I have said my say, Yet each question hath brought " Nay;" Tell, then, tell, then, tell me true What on earth 'tis thou dost rue. As her bosom heaved with pain, And the teardrops feb like rain, Thus the maiden did reily : " becond I've got ter make-that's why!" TINT. DUAGRAM~S. (Change the frst two letter, of a word to form another wordJ 23.-I sought the fairies yestere'en; They led me down a vale of green Unto a sweet, secluded spot, Where grows the blue forget-me-not. And there they formed a fairy ring, And sported round their queen and king, And cried aloud, " Oh, can we aid Titis virtuous, distressed maid ?" " My lover brave is on the sea," I cried. " Oh, bring him safe to me." Then said the fairy queen so grand, " We only reign upon the land ; But Joan the Mermaid is my friend, And to your lover aid shall lend. ' And then they primal from my sight- Their dance was second for the night; I wandered from that shady dell- My love returned, and all is well. W. KooHtaE, Camberwell. 24.-Said young Mr. Ray, one very fine day, " I unto the' Tourney' will send Some riddles so neat, so charming and sweet, That the Ed. will most graciouly bend His ear to my song, and not say ' Go along Into the Waste Paper Basket I' but he, With the greatest of primaul, will give them a final In the page, where 1 long them to see." D. WHITELAW. ARITHMETICAL CHARADE. (The answer Is a word composed ors loman numerals.) 25.-For first put down a thousand; For second one will do; The third is surely fifty, Whilejfourth is fifty too. I'm a surname and a word Which you must have often heard. C. F. BLACKBURN. PALINDROMES. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 26.-My first denotes a word for pa, Used by the very young; Reverse, and still the same you'll find Remain upon your tongue. GoxaHAWK. 27.-A word of letters six, please take, Reversed, 'tis still the same; A part of harness it will show; Now try and find its name. E. LarnnoLr. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a word.) 28.-In myfirst is the wealth of a kingdom displayed, Its glory, its pomp, and its pride; In my next bid adieu to friends faithful and true, As across the blue waters you glide. In my third must proud man, vast creation's great lord, Consent to descend from his throne; A suppliant he, for the time deign to be, While fair woman reigns peerless-alone. AURORA. NUMERICAL CHARADES. (A word, the letters of which term other words when rearranged as the numbers direct.) 29.--My wehole is a word of letters ten, And a most undesirable companion. 2, 3, 6, 1, 7 Is a part of the body; 9, 7, 3, 6, 10 Is a kind of vapour; 7, 3, 6. 1 Is sometimes seen in the eye; 5, 6, 7, 3 Is another name for a companion; 1, 6, 7 Is a quadruped; 9, 4, 5 Is a schoolboy's dislike; 9, 3, 6, 7 Is a resting.place; 10, 6, 7 Is a useful domestic article; 1, 4, 10 Is a sailor's delight; 10, 3, 6, 7 Is part of our daily food; 2, 8, 5 Is a personal pronoun; 9,8,7 Is to rest; 1, 3, 6, 5 Is a certain quantity of paper; 1, 6,1 Is a part of the head; 1, 6, 10 Is a male animal; 2, 3, 6, 7 Is the source of vitality. G. FERaLEIH. 30,-I am two words and eleven letters, And I am used in every house. 6, 10, 1 Is used in every house; 2,7, 11 Is an animal; 2, 3, S, 11 Ia what we cannot do without; 11, 4, 8, 9 Is something to do; 2, 10, 5 Is a colour. A. T. HoDson, Birmingham.