RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRA3M. Sthe first two letters of a word to form another word.) .-1A, snot nreciselv. where I stood and
is the sambe old spot precisely, where I stood and bade good-be To the homestead that I knew and loved so well- To the favourite haunts and pastimes, to the flowers and sunny sky, To the little streamlet rippling through the dell; da sad regretful longing fills my heart with sudifen woe, . . h" dh s first with idle fancies of the childhood long ago. 'is the same old spot precisely, but how sadly things have changed I Lang ago the homestead passed to alien bands, d the frends I loved so fondly have grown formal and Soma are dead and some have gone to foreign lands. Lonely seems the life before me, as my memory wanders o'er the dear familiar faces I shall see on earth no more. hen the sunlight in its glory seemed to fall with fairer gleam, And the birds sang richer, sweeter overhead; ut more older, sadder, final does the present world now seem - Care and sorrow are around me thickly spread. ,the trials, one and all, wor.ld seem as naught, if, by the pain, Could have with all their sweetness childhood's happy hours again. MARIor TAYLon, Birkenhead. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. eletter of two words are transposed, and form other words in the narrative.) -An article's anything that you can see, From the largest flat.iron to the tiniest particle; so by this rule 'tis apparent to me That, in writing this verse, I am penning an "article." ay,more, if this puzzle is fated to take The lead in the " Tourney," why, then, gentle reader, ithoagh at this moment a puzzle I make, It seems that I also am writiug a " leader." gin, in my own domicile I indite These lines, so there can be no reason to roam othe domain of logic to prove that I'm right, When I say that just now I am writing a tome ! D. Gow. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. eletters of a wod are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.l 3.-'T' s time well spent That brings content, And wealthy makes the poor; That nations claim, And does their good ensure. 'Tis time ill-spent That hearts resent, That makes the wealthy fall, And marks in dust A nation's trust, And fills its cup with gall. T. Nixo, Dudley Colliery. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. e Brat letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narrative.) Before you read the incident below, That it on fact is founded, you should know. Along the road, one summer eve, I strolled, Just as ihe shades of night began to fall, When my attention was attracted by A house that stood alone-apart from all- Amansion large, and for a time I stood A d noticed that the blinds were all drawn down. "Deserted, seemingly," I thought; "no doubt The tenants are at present out of town. "But how insane to leave the house like that- An open place for folks on robbery bent 1" And even as I thought, unto the house A dissipated rufian slowly went. Irapidly receded to the shade, And watched him as with care around he peered; Then with a laugh-a fiendish laugh, it seemed- BHe scaled the entry door and disappeared. "If he is not about to rob the house, ,My name was never Jack," I quickly thought. lBut he shall ne'er succeed in his intent, For in the very act he shall be caught." Anlwith the words I hounded o'er the road, And scaled the door and up the passage ran, And there before me, trying to force the lock With some long instrument, I saw the man. Thensuddenly a smile o'erspread his face, IN from his coat he took a bunch of keys; Andthen selecting one, he fixed it in, And'gan to turn the lock with perfect ease; tt e'er the door he opened, out I sprang, And asked him how he dared to enter there. S'This house is to be let, you fool," he said, And P've een sent to put it in repair !" T. ROYSToN, Birmingham. ENIGMA. 1y years have I lived on this planet of sorrow, assisted mankind to " provide for the morrow;" ied to ea life lull of mis'ry and sadness, oft been the source of much pleasure and gladness; iYlac many persons have gazed with affection, standing the shams of my very complexion. eoh come thousands have loved me beyond all etression e howed that they loved me by open confession, Snon that I'm hated, despised, and detested, by cany because of the power in me-vested; t!rh stranger by far, thou "h discharging my duty, tlsin my charms, and grim death in my beauty. tabanks of the great Miisissippi I wander, Stetsof the red man I rule sole commander; theeheaerths of old England t reign in my glory, t of old felt my sway, and each hero of story; .tieo on earth is compelled to acknowledge b s°ene is greater than mine out of college; enceet me no doubt as a virtue and blessing, ndme rejoicing, with welcome caressing, th~oes~a1 agr'eethat my power is unbounded ; ve Il shattered, and schemers confounded. TRANSPOSITION ib cse tle letters in a word to form another word.) Wtarswere shining bright, the air was still, ong a country lane I quickly strode, Sloopked aside, but trudged on with a will, Sw,,as tired, and longed for my abode. ,tin my path a figure I descried- o'BUrs weird and ghostly it was, too. ha'nw there ." ini honror-stricken first I cried. " cSwer-it receded from my view. Dtei' I. rushed on towards the spot, Or edt" ed this deep mystery to solve; 41d hnat to be vaiquished I was not, Snonstened as I tmade this proud resolve. 11." wathin a next's t hrpw of the place- . 5t .t 'knight:I thought inmyself. na'd big; 'T.oltod p anting from my race, , G ., , .OrEx~, Liverpool.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a wont to form another word.) 7.-When that juvenile tormentor trod on. your toe, And tied your coat-tails to the chair, And the company laughed, and your sweet--- well, you know- Laughed the loudest of all that were there; On the day that you got on the tram-car and found, When you felt for your fare, you'd no cash ; When some old lady's gingham whirled suddenly round And knocked off your " top-bat " with a crash; At these times in your bosom an imp used to be. Ho ho ho! That was me! When you wrote a long poem for some magazine And they sent a munificent cheque, Andyoa thought that you ne'er such good fort une had seen Since the time when you near broke your neck O'er a large piece of or nge-peel thrown in the street; When you worked at " the office " all day And nearly all night, increased business to meet, And in consequence gained increased pay; The pay and the cheque that so filled you with glee-- Ha ! ha! ha!-they were ae I You'll no doubt recollect that, some ages ago, A philosopher dwelt in a tub, Though why such a dwelling he chose, I don't know, And, as Hamlet would say, "There's the rubl" You'll also remember that famous Charles Lamb A most quaint dissertation once wrote On "Roast Pig;" yet, in sooth, I most positive am That no sort of connection you'll note Betwixt these two subjects, and yet, can't you see, What gave the roast pig its fine flavour, and he, That philosopher old, both were me! That urchin in buttons, with rubicund face, Who's so very polite and demure- Except when not watched, when what comic grimace And contortion he'll make, to be sure !- Now claims your attention; but, lo ! he has gone, With a flash, like a penny sky-rocket, And, instead, here's the paper you're gazing upon, Or the book you have got in your pocket, But the boy and the book--tweedle-dum, tweedle-dee-- Both acknowledge my name, d'ye see ? He Ihe! hel They are nelt F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. 8.-Mr. Editor,-Sir, about two years ago (I c n't give the first to a minute, you know, For I don't keep a diary, so call it two years), I was drowned; yes, sir, drowned in an ocean of tears, For, till next in the night, having strummed it and played it, I put down my lyre and forgot where I laid it. I sought it-but let me condense more this letter : I third to use two words where one will do better. It seems, then, the charwoman, having no taste For its melodies, swept it away with the waste, And it lay- Buit, of course, you don't care where it lay. To be brief, sir, I managed to find it to-day. Time touches the green fruit and turns it to gold; He touches the young and they change and are old; He touches the old earth and straight it is young, And blossoms shoot out where the icicles hung; And now-to descend into matters of fact- I find lie's been touching my lyre and it's cracked I It is always my fourth I I forgot, I'll be brief, For I want to give vent to another new grief. My Muse ever was but n pitiful hack, That could scarce keep its teet when I sat on its back. And now that I'm oler' I fuel my disgr ee In riding again round this "'Tournament" place On the same little hack I rode two years ago, For my Muse has not grown, and I have, sir, you know. How your readers will grin when Iride round the course, Like a very tall man on a very small horse ! But stay I I will end ; and your pardon I pray For breaking the laws of the "Tourney " to-day, At last when I do clear my throat for a song, By singing too loudly and singing too long. A. ST. J. Ancocx. 9.-Oh, the racking of mind, and the trouble I find, The agonies I undergo, First my poems (?) I write, sitting up till midnight, Can one of you greater scribes know P Oh, the trouble I take and what efforts I make To coax the fair Musa to smile, And to aid my endeavour to write something clever; But I seldom the lady beguile. Save when sometimes it chances my woebegone glances Induce her some help to bestow; Next the merriest lines and the happiest rhymes Find my signature written below. ANNE A. RorsTON, Birmingham. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 10.-Far in the West, the great glorious West, The land of the redskin, the bison, and-bear, I wander in droves o'er the green prairie's breast, Unfettered, untrammelled, full free as the air. Cross Words. A gentle Eubjeet of a poet's muse; A creature formed some think but to abuse. Do this in aid of justice, right, and truth, And silver age will crown a golden youth. He who could level heroes with a blow, By woman's wiles so weakly brought, and low. French bayonets gleam along its ancient shore, And volleying rifles on its natives pour. Bow oft the Moorish warrior's heart has stirred, When o'er the clash of arms rang out this word I When Bonaparte from Moscow sped away, This gallant heart kept Russia's braves at bay. Go seek it on the bloodstained battlefield; But bitter is the harvest it will yield. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. Foundation Words. 11.-Where has he gone ? Where has he been? Primals will show you his name; Once on a time he was here each week, That riddler so worthy of fame. Crows Worde. I reckon that these are Respected near and far. When I my cons. here see Then I second in my gice. A birth or marriage is my third, And every day they have occurred. A name in this you surely see, 'Tis Biblical you will agree. Away we rode in Harry's this, And nothing seemed to go amiss. This is a riddle, so I've h'ard,
Last comes an'animal, good to eat, It's name reversed I give you neat. J. G. BRoo0FIrLD. OMEGItAMI. (The last letter of a word is ehann~ed t' form another word.) 12.-A farmer (of Kusop, in Herefordshire) Was markbd by trouble and first for a year. Sev'ral horses had died, and his last one was lame; His best plough was second, his pigs were the same; His poultry were gone, not a chicken was left; And of all but a cow was this poor man bereft. One morning he looked in the now empty sty; Just then to his side came the four-year.old boy, "Oh, fader I de [D.] Goaw has broake frough do field-fence, An' is teeing Boiashed [b6'is Ed.] wid his great im id- mace:'t ~ B. WiSwwn. .
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word' leaving another wordJ 13.-Some folks speak of "bygone days" With the tenderest regret; Of' that time they sing and praise, Or " They never can forget Those dear sunny hours of pleasure, When the brightest and the best Seemed to give their fullest measure, When their hearts had no unrest." They recall the sweetest timeo, All the pleasure-not the pain, When they say, " Those days sublime, Would they were but here again I" When I'm thinking of the past, It is not regretfully; Time, we first, is fleeting fast, And I'm glad that it should be. Next to me there aye returns Things that I have said and done, And my face so fiercely burns At this action or that one, And I sit, myself despising, Or else feeling very sad, Or exclaim, with anger rising, " Well, I must have been quite mad !" Yes, they .think of all the sweet- All the pleasure-not the pain, Who would thus the present meet, " Would those days were here again I" In the future they'll be crying In the same old weary strail, And for present joys be sighing, " Would those days were here again !" EDITH K. R .NDLE. 14.--Low oft has Fate our hopes assailed And cast a first around I A sudden grief where joy prevailed Within our lives is found. As stars which sparkle far away By clouds are oft concealed, So dies our hope; a short.lived day Has dark night's gloom revealed. But every cloud is silvered o'er, Awhile kept from our gaze; And beauteous gleams of next soon pour, As if us to amaze. The cloud is passed, and farthest star Appears as bright as yore; The veil which late our joys did mar Is lifted; gloom is o'er. Then don't repine when adverse Fate Is felt; it's all for good; 'Tis but a passing trial; the weight By all is understood. All things in life are not so bright As youthful hearts believe; But each one can the seeming blight Materially relieve. F. G. W., Southampton. 15.-It hung from the cross-beam above my head, And swayed to and fro in the chilly blast; The skin was 3ellow, and shrivelled, and dry, 'Twas shrunken, and rotten, and peeing fast. Backwards and forwards, forwards and back, With many a creak and many a crack. In my first I raised a long, keen knife- A knife which had never been stained with blood; With one mighty blow I severed the rope, N. xt down cause the tihing with a hollow thud. I lilted it up, and away I bore That onion string to the kitchen door. A. E. HOOPER. 16.-Firmly first the path of duty; Though the cold world may oppress, Love will light your path with beauty, And will soothe you in di.tress. Though the road be rough and cheerless Bright will gleam Hope's shlining star; 'Neath its beams for ever fearless Press to brighter lands afar. None can wear a crown of glory, Till they've borne a cross of wood; All have next the ancient story, "Out of evil cometh good." E. A. CRnonAR. LOGOGRIPII. UA word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dole- tlon, and transpositiol, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 17.-Coming darkness then my first shall be, uickly tell the answer unto me; Decapitate, and then you'll surely find Machine that's used for cotton is behind; Change head, and you all at once perceive That place where you your visitors receive; Its next process as omegram shall be, Part of a tree, dear reader, you will see. Now prece-omegram is our next act, To put to flight you'll find is then a fact; If transposition is performed by you, A pleasure journey you will doubtless view; Behead, and you will very quickly find That which pertains to us is left behind. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 18.-When the Christmas bells are ringing, First is seen upon the ground; Then a certain Spanish title In my next is surely found. Riddlers, join them both together; Towering in its giddy heircht, Then a very well known mountain in my total comes to sight. F. TAYLoI, Birkenhead, 19.-Behold in primal me, myself ; My second shows a hundred; My last will be the end of thee On lcole I've often blundered. F. BRIDLE. 20.-My fir~t, an adjective, ancient means; My secon,'s a part of a pig; My wrlole is a town that in Laucashire's known, I'm sure now the answer you twrg. DEmIrCIzcrEs.