IDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS.
ofa od rat ieSpOsOe, and torm nother word In letterno! a the narratr ve.) er Sophie with feelings of pleasure and pride, oear. to Sop rself I indite; Id rather reveal all my thoughts by your side, cun. talk so much better than write I lls you are many long furlongs away, inlst whisper to yon through the "T.," if you can't q0 ie understand all I say, ell it doesn't much matter, you see 1 erear vauious things that you say of " dis chile," yhich are most undeservedly plain; fti you must know I gave vent to a smile WO I read your con. over again. ea rate my effusions as high as can be, Ad lower your own to the ground, n, really (this fact all most plainly can see), It sees to be t'other way round I ,arling our singer of Belfast, dear friend, nm oertainly brought to a stand ; tet.r maiden or knight, lie can ably defend ls title against all our band. he ,l be a dasel, I'm sure you and I honld be proud that our gender had got urember so clover if otherwise--why, I think it's a pity le's not l must thank you sincerely for all that you say Aent my position as "queen, t wmhetler 'tis right to, or whether I may, Assume it, remains to be seen. ooh mMariou gave me her circlet of fame To words of the sweetest and best, in more than content with my own modest nasne; So the "T." must decide all the rest. ewo Sophie, I think I have written enough Co'rnaic th.ise matters, don't you ? nd a. you, no doubt, designate it as " stuff," Other thoughts I will strive to pursue. iers'sa doubt in my mind ; how it got there, or when, Wold puzzle me e'er to reveal, lales it was talking of one cognomen, Which Ivanhoe fain would conceal. o mighlt feel quit e hurt if I said you were "nice," Or if I declar'd you were " sweet," -,d you might think me full of all badness and vice I I said I was pleased you to greet; ,on might feel annoyed ii I sail you were "gay," Andin wrath pitch Young FolLs on the shelf ; But you'd not feel so bad as you will when I say, Pray, are you a knight, dear, yourself P NELLIE WATson, Cheshunt. Oh, Marion, Queen Marion, the " Tourney " seems so drear, ka know not how we miss those songs you uCd to warble here; or knights are waiting patiently to hear your voice c 1110nore, iften cheered our aching hearts in the happy days of uca;ot bear to have you straying from our "Tour. res" gay; astill are dear to all the knights who homage to you pay. Shope that no grim sorrow reigns within your loving heart, .t with us soon you'll come again, never more to p:art. ar Marion, you need not fear yon boasting rebel baud; other knights desert you, in your cause alone I'll stand; .ae I'll draw my gleaming blade and keep your foes at I ay, d ere they mount upon your throne this knight they'll have to slay. CAUDn; F'Anu.COMBE, Brighton. DOUBI3E OMEGRASI. Ch:mic ith two last l-tters of a vword to form another word,) 3.-Dear village maid, dear village maid, The day is fast declining, And o'er you hills, si calm, so still, Tihe moon is brightly shining. Come, and we'll stray through you green lane, Where flowers first sweetly growing, And share the radiant smile again That Nature is bestowing. Deer village maid, dear village maid, When from thy side I parted, Though joy was mine, and peace was thino, I aye was broken-hearted, Until I back returned again And found thee true as ever; Adl now I vow, with fond refrain, That I will leave thee never. Dear village maid, dear village mai'd, Oh! list my humble calling, For na'nt around, without a sound, The shades ~f night are falling. Cone, andrl we'll view each lovely seone, Whilrrt Nature smiles in grandeur, An'l through the lane arrayed with greeoon With joyous hearts we'll wander. WILD BRIA,n L:tmplugh. IdETA-CURTAILIIENT. !Change the first and drop the last letter of a word, to form another word.) 4.-I loved her-my fair bonny maid- With a heart as true as steel, A passion that never would fade, A love one could honour and feel 1 qty first was a raptive well caught, But oh I 'twas a pleasure to be From all others thus signally sought, To become the protector of--she! I am just like the bird in the cage, Inu every instance to note, Though love for my own is my wage, Andi not for the song of the throat. Hn, ha I I'm a bachelor bold, Ily heart is unfettered and free. Such liberty's better than gold : What would you not give to be meo No maiden dictates o'er my heart, TThough many have maiden attack; From Liberty ne'er will I part, For once gone 'twill never come back. Nrxt fellow, throw this pressing yoke Away from your shoulders I-be free I For marriage you'll find is no joke- Be happy and single like me I S. A. DE BEAR AND H. J. W. m OFFoD. CURTAILIMENT. (Drlbthe final letter of a word.leavins another word.) 5.--A district in my primal's found A foreign city' east, renowned. FALCONER, Breckley. REBUS ENIGMA. 6.-In distant sun or star, TIu earth or empty space, Troughout the extended universe, For me there is no place. Divide me, and at once This moment gives me birth, AThis place contains me, and I prove a thing of present worth. 4, Te, P.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Ohange the two last letters of a word to frrm another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 7.-Slush-nothing but slush, Nothing but slush and mud, Deep in the bears of the city's crush, And deep in the lane and wood. Rain, sleet, and slush, And every one with a mush, Tripping, tripping, soiled and dripping, 'Tis enough to make one blush- To blush to the eyes, and mutter, To gaze, and gasp, and to stutter, For all the town, from the park and down, Is nothing but one big gutter. And summer has long been,dead- Died last year with the rain; And it seems to me, from what I see, It never will come again. Fancy, never again I Our summer, our beautiful summer ! What have we done to deserve such pain? To live so long in the mist and rain, To live so long, and never again Welcome the bright new-comer. Just see how those passengers go, Wearing their lives away, Hurrying, flurrying, scurrying, worrying, Ob, what a dismal day! No wonder the foreigners laugh, And point at our misty isle, And meet our nnger with humorous chaff, And an equally humorous smile. No wonder, I say, for 'tis true That, in spite of the good examples, The foreigners all are a parcel of women, And England a parcel of samples. Toss. (To I.nhoe, ey " True Defender.") 8.-By the shade of Aloiander, Each and every salamander, Ivanhoe desires th' attention of your own Philander Mugg 1 Were you pained with indigestion When you asked that funny question, Or had you been deep imbibing from the contents of a jug ? I was really much astonished And I hope that when admonished You will never, never, never dare to ask such things again. I)o T wander in my slumber, And allow vain thoughts to number In my head when I am covered by my downy counter. pane? Pab ! I scorn to give thee answer ! I am no false-famed romancer, But a bard who's won his laurels-and who means to keep them, tool Dear old friend, don't be down-hearted When I've for the kingship started; You will learn before all others what it is I mean to do. Yes, we'll shake (but not in terror- Mind you do not make that error) : I am glad to have the chance of owning you as " my dear friend." Now, as other claims are pressing, I bestow on you my bles-ing, Hoping you will long be spared to ward off danger, and defend PHIILANDEs MUGo. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. ID.op the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expiresed in the narrative.) 9.-On the beach at merry Brighton, In the sunny month of June, When the sun was at its brightest, And the waves made merry tulle, When the visitors were thickest, And the air was filled with noise, Strolled I wearily and sadly, Minus holiday's sweet joys. Thus I wandered, and I pondered Sad and lonely on the beach, An l I watched the foaming billows Stretch as far as eye can reach ; And I thought of each sweet moment When my heart was free from guile, When I, in my youthful gladness, Turned my holidays to toil. Ah. 'tie useless to recount them- The sweet holidays of bliss; They have passed away for ever Into that deep, dark abyss. And dull care broods on in silence Where sweet joy oft sat before ; All my pleasures, too, have vanished, I can trust in them no more. J. LEIGH AND S. DE BEAR. NARRATIVE BETA.DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter and change the second letter of a word, lolving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (An appeal to the Nottingham readers of " Young Folks Parer.") 10.-N ottingham readers, that you will take heed O f this, my despairing petition, I plead : T here's only one riddler, and that, friends, is me, T o represent Nottingham in the " R. T." I , therefore, am sad, and I make this appeal, N of striving my sorrow and pain to conceal. G ood readers, awake, oh, awake from your slumbers, H ave we, of a town which possesses in numbers A fourth of a million folk, nothing to sigh at- Merely with one " Tourney" knight? Yours, P. WYATT. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two letters of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-A monstrous being I; My heads ernase, An insect small and wise Will take my place. CoNDoAH. DECAPITATION. (Trop the first letter of a word. lnaving annther word.) 12.--II raised his first, and ore a last Of warning they could sound, His victim fell, clove through the heart, Upon the hard, cold ground. IRON MASK, VERBAL CHARADE. (A worI. cch :letter of which is treated sep:rate)ly.) 13.-My first is in cream, But not in deem; My second ii room, But not in doom; My third is in mien, But not in lean; My foerth is in pane, But not in vain : My last is in starch, My whole, the sign of * * * * * H. A. G. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable o0 whlolh is a wor .f 14.-My first and second have monarchs worn; My third in guns are sometimes borne; Myfourth is merit, as you must know; My fifth is tedious, in coming slow; lMy sixth and seventul you'll see in town; My erhole was a poet of great renown. He was born on the fifty-eighth day of the year, The year eighteen hundred and seven; With the world at his feet to love and revere, He passed from earth to heavoes. P. W4Tsog,
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 15.-I am a warrior brave and bold, Of ancient British fame; My gallant deeds are oft extolled- All Ilomans feared my name; They tried their best to slay me, but in vain; Unconquered and unharmed I still remain. They fled like sheep before my arm, They trembled at my sword; I filled the bravest with alarm, The strongest men were awed; My chariot thundered through the armoured mass, And all made way to let the hero pass. By numbers overpowered I fell, My mighty strength was spent; Banished from hllme I loved so well, To Rome a prisoner sent; Led through the streets in chains, devoid of fear, Pitied by some, whilst others deigned to sneer. Before the haughty Emperor brought- My stalwart frame admired; No longer weak in arm, or thought- With energy inspired. Doomed in the awful nrena to be, With sword in hand I fought for liberty. None could be found to equal me- No more, then, was I spurned; At last, reluctantly set free, To England I returned. Am I not worthy to become a knight, And join full bravely in each riddling fight ? CARAcTAcus. (To Toss. An ideal.) 16.-Did doubt ere exist, then, within thy great mind That the gods sent thee knowledge, so clearly defined, To lighten thy darkness concerning this bard, And to make thee for ever such notions discard ? I should not have thought this of you, my good friend; For down to a falsehood I never descend. I make no rash statements; each line I propound Is wisdom, philosophy, deep and profound. I study each sentence, and always revise Each line that I write when I write to advise. My friend, I ne'ar ponder o'er frivolous verse; To this old philosopher there's nothing worse Than verses reflecting a weak, shallow brain, Which treats hackneyed subjects again and again. Now, you're my ideal of what eou.-sters should be, For ?0ou from such vices are spotlessly free. My thanks for the Apple of Truth Ilease accept; I hope since you sent it you've peacefully sleptA.- PHILANDER MoGG. METAGRAM. (Ohangethe flrst letter os a word to form another word.) 17.-Softly morning's rosy fingers Draw aside the veil of night, And the sun shines forth in glory, Filling all the world with light: Then the birds commence their singing First awake the sleeping flowers, While the fragrance of the roses Sweetens all the leafy bowers. Little birdies, sing more softly : Though your song last joyfl seems, I would not disturb my darling From her sweet and happy dreams. Sunbeams in her hair are shining, And her face is bright with smui,~i She is taking pleasant rambles Over Dreamland's mystic isles! May she never wake to sorrow, May her dreams be ever bright, And the star of hope and gladness Guide her through the darkest night ! LILIAN DOUGLtAs, Kennington, NARRATIVE DOUBLE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of two word s, to form two other we: ds, ex- pressed in the narrative.l 18.-He looked upon women as beings divine, Did poor Tommy Tompkins, a cousin of mine; Most liberal with gifts to each sweet little flame, And nothing of infamy blurred his good name. But one little maid filled poor Tom with despair- A young lady he met at a country fair; And the practical cause of his trouble was this- The lady's affright at his seizing a kiss. She made him unhappy, I'm sorry to tell, And her purpose made plain by a summons as well. Then Tom called a counsel and told him the case- Eternal he dwelt on the time and the place. iBut his lawyer made progress in putting things right ; Tom was fined forty shillings-you'll own it was light; And it cured him of love, for he never got wed, And liberty crowns his luxuriant head. J. W. SEWELL. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 19.-A something light as air-and yet How much of meaning it conveys I It eases sorrow's heavy debt, And tribute to Love's power pays, And though so floating, though so vain, The key-note 'tis to hidden pain 1 Cross Tlords. "Trust a woman with a primal," says the cynic, with a snier, "If you wish the world you live in all your private plans to hoar l" Queen of the East! What wondrous destiuy Waits thee and thine in years that are to be P With hyacinths and fragrant pinks and gilly-.flowers gay, How sweet it is to wander there upon a summer's day I With every breath of air that plays About me in the twilight's gloom, I seem to catch the faint perfume Upwaftod from the primal sprays. FloARo. ANAGRAMS. Authors and their works. 20.-On Many Seas. By A Red Oxen Apple. In tha' Hatfield Moor. By Tatter Cowls. About E Flat. By Jonas F. Whittan. Violet S Wirt. By Crinkles Chased. Say Ancil More Often. By A. U. Clay, M.A. Brazen Sambia. By Wallack I. Blim. Waldron Cockle. By O. !. K. Crmble. One Orlando. By Marble Rock. JANIE GIBBS. A CURIOUS COMPARISON. Positive. 21.-Compensation am I That's due those who serve you; Comparative. In danger my power Will entirely unnerve you. Superlative. Easter Monday's close here- Ho I butchers anid bakers, And bid to me all The gay holiday-makers. J. CoorEmr, Islington. OENTRAL DELETION. (DroD a letter from the centre of a word to form anotlhr.l 22.-" Don't make such afirst," my mother said, As I came in at the door But I fell over the mat, and hit My itet upon the floor. J, H. VIvrAN, Croydon,
SEPARATED WORDS. (Example: Separate the chief magistrate of aneieht Athenq and make the answer from the first letter of each syllable. Tns : Archon, Arch-on.) 23.-Separate unfruitful, and make to sum up, and conducted. Makes keen, and make a note raised a half-tone, and existence. A familiar call in drinking, and make a fairy, and a head. Expressed by letters, and make Scripture, and a nu mber. To attach, and make the conclusion, and a spike of corn or maize. One who gives, and make to perform, and a negative particle. An extraordinary thing, and make not any, and the samne. Very sharp-sighted, and make a military standard, and noticed. A mermaid, and make to soar, and to assist. A small, black plum, and make a mole to confine lyater, and a male relative. On land, and make a kind of tree, and unrefined metal, Eagerly desired, and make a period of time, nd l masculine nickname. The primals of the first and second words will spqgl the name given to a day held sacred by some religions j. nominations; those of the third will spell the nai given to a certain portion of the year held sacred by, same denominations. The words are not all divi ed according to syllables. GII.BERT FoRnissB. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or syords.) Foundation Words. 24.-Primrnals-A festival of gratitude. Finaqls-The place where it is most enjoyed. Cross Words. A town situated on the coast of Pern. A altg e song. Earned. An extraordinary thing. A magi. 4l animal of New Holland. Act of squinting. FrolcsoW g Opprobrious. Impetuous. To make an island. Q1'5 of the Western States. A greedy eater. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another weori. (With apologies to P. Wyatt and O. Farncombe respectivelly.) 25.-La-di-da swell Struts along- Crowded pathway- Hums a song; Twirls his walking- Stick each way; Strikes a brewor- " Whatch yor say ? Did it purpose ? Come out here ! Knock your eyes out I" First of beer. Ups his fists-and Down he goes I Next a bruiser, Breaks his nose I S. Ds BEAs. CONUNDRUMS, 26.--What is the difference between a man who its made steel and a man who ran away with the parlqur maid? G. S. ASTIN's 27.--When is a tooth mighty in power ? 23.-When is driving dangerous ? 29.-What ability is like a garment ? 30.-What land is like an East Indian sailor ? 31.-What letters of the alphabet burn the lips ? 32.-How can an artist carry his colours in his mouth P G. STEVs . 33.-Why is a helmet like a barrel? ". BOWLns, West Hartlepo61. 34.-When does a draper resemble a fishmonger ? G. S. AND R. ASTINS. 35.-When may the letter 0 be said to be moving ? Mrs. Gunoaae. 36.-Why is Mr. Parnell like an athlete who has defeated all previous records in running ? FLIBBERTIGIBBET.