RIDDLE, TOURNAMENT. DUAGJRA S;
I a the first twd letteras o1a word to corm anoaner word.) 1.Birds are gaily, sweetly singing; with their songs the woods are ringing, And the sunlight gleams inprimal through thebranches overhead, While I, standing by the river, as it ripples on for ever, M]use with loving, tender mem'ry o'er the parting words you said. egy.and-bye we both shall meet, dear, and our lives will be complete, dear," Once again in vivid fancy I can bear you fondly say; Aid my eyes were dim with sorrow, for I knew that ere the morrow You upon the restless ocean would be sailing far away. O'er the woods the sun's rays glisten-once again I stand and listen To the streamlet as it murmurs on its ceaseless, old re- frain ; Years have come and years have flown, dear, but I know that you have gone, dear, To a fairer, purer region, never to return again. And I know the sun is shining brighter 'neath the gloomy lining That so often seems to gather o'er this world's fair azure sky; And within a safer keeping, leaving cares and sorrows sleeping, I shall hear again the final in the coming by-and-bye. MARosa TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2,-I strolled alone in the beautiful night, When the moon to her rest was sinking, And the peaceful stars shed forth their light, And the flowers the dew were drinking. I sat me down 'neath the cloudless sky, By the banks of the silent water, And I murmured low, like the primal's sigh, "Alas I she is not what I thought her i" Then turning my face to the stars above, I cried, "'Tis enough to grieve me; Oh, Agnes fair I my love, my love, Oh, why I oh, why did you leave me P" And stepping forth in the moon's cold rayse, I said, as I gazed in the water, "By one bold plunge I will end my days, And forget this proud lord's daughter I" Then pressing my lasts to my burning brow, While the tall trees bent with sorrow, I gently murmured, " No, no, not now; I will think it over to-morrow I" H. TAYLOR, Birkenhead, DOUBLE ACROSTICS. -(Te finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words,) Foundation Word. 8.-On the hedges I am found, Nicely hung . The leaves among. Little children laugh and bound When me they see, Cross Words. Down the second children run Wild with glee, In search of me; When they spy me, oh, what fun, And shouting too I "Mind the first !" one child does say, Whose finger tips And darkened lips Are stained quite blue, " Oh, dear, dear May, Do mind, do I" And when they pick me, I am sure The third resounds With shouts and bounds, And off they fourth, in search of more, With wild halloo. But when at last their homes they reach, .Ma lIst stands With itching hands, To thrash them; and how they do screech, And sob "Bo.hoo I" L'OLYnar AND CA IRA. Foendationt Words. 4.-Where the papal monarch reigned In stately majesty, And where the noble Tiber rolled On to the billowy sea, A poet's soul was drifting out Ona sea of mystery: That sea was death, whose farther strand Is the mighty yet-to-be. And though his bark has passed from sight, Is he not with us yet, In the pages writ in his young life-blood, Which the world can ne'er forget P Cross Words. This to the right wherever you go; This is a muse all poets know; This to receive most men are slow; This is a town in Erin's realm; This does the man who holds the helm. This is by CHRISTELLA CHELM, DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Ohange the two last letters of a word, to form another wordJ t.-She's a charming little maiden, Not more than six years old, With laughing eyes and rosy cheeks, And locks of shining gold. Her dimpled chin is round and smooth, Herfirst next cherries are; In tiutli, an angel without wings Is witacipg Mary Ghrr. In summi? 'tis her'chief delight To romp among the fells, Or gather sweet forget-me-nots In shady little dells. She also loves to scamper wild Along the sparkling shore, - Or sit and hearken to the waves That break with thund'rous roar. P. VERE, Glasgow. PALINDROMES. (A Word which read backwarids orforwards is still the same.), 8.-D` earriddlers, here you see A word with letters three, And no more. A vehiole 'twill name, Reversed, it is the same As before. - G. BucHARAN, Hyde. 7.-A art of a ship S.', If Crou please name, . Reverse, but still ' Twill read the same. S C. SANso, Mile End. LOG'OGRIPH. ' Ii word which nOsy be treated ,as eodtagram decapitation, dele- erstlon. spaoltition, buIteavea.a perfect word after each ~' o gBlr.s name please find;-, Curtafil niart, anid the twb unitei A girl's name on still will see. 3g , . . To.Ro s Cork,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the firot letter of a word, leaving another wordJ 9.--Ive been in love at least a hundred times, Yet still I dwell in solitary state. My earliest sweetheart, subject of these rhymes, Was thirty.five, when I was aged eight. Her eyes were of a rich deep violet- To gaze in them was a continual feast, Only the first one had not been well set; When one looked south, the other lookednor'-east. Her hair was like a glory round her head, Frizzled, and curled, and piled up mountains high; 'Tis true the evil-minded called it red- To me 'twas golden as the sunset sky. I loved that next far better than my life- Ay, dearer far than butterscotch or tart; But she became a debt collector's wife, With ne'er a thought for my poor, bleeding heart. Many and bitter were the tears I shed, Yet hear how little sympathy I got : My brother, with a brutal calmness, said I was a " thundering third" to care a jot. W. L. SQUIns. 10.-By the clear and shining river Let me linger yet awhile; See the rippling, laughing waters Sparkle neath the sunbeam's smile. Reeds and rushes bend and tremble As the stream floats gaily by; And the thrush's song ascends in Rapturous primal to the sky. Yonder proud, majestic mountain Ne'xt its lofty form on high; And the varied tints of purple With the kingly raiment vie. Can I leave this scene enchanting And re.enter life's dark shade P All the joys we love are fleeting, Every vision bright must fade CLARA BOEnMEB. 11.-A useful grain my first will be; Decapitate, and you will see That when divested of its head, An element 'twill be instead, Without which all the world would be As cheerless as a barren lea. Cut off its head once more and then (Oh, dear, how scratchy is this pen I) You'll find what every one must do, Or death will rapidly ensue; And if you are not sad or ill, The task is easy to fulfil. Take now yoftr headsman's axe once more, So deep imbued with wordy gore; When you it have of head bereft, A preposition will be left. MAGOIE E. DENNr, Roscrea, 12.-" First the sun is shining I What a glorious day I When our tasks are over, Then we'll romp and play." Thus spoke little Richard To his schoolmates gay, When an old man, listening, This to them did say : " Second, my boys, you are: Always this obey- First perform your duty, Then let pleasure sway." J. TYNAN, Glasgow. 18.-Behead what means to cry or shout, And then you'll plainly see A kind of bird that flies about At night from tree to tree. Iva5NHOE, Belfast, 14.-My first the cook does often use, My neat has ev'ry beast of prey; Without my last we could not live I To guess my con. a moment stay. O. LEIDHOLD. 15.-My first is a word that means no fear; You then lop off my head, In next a relation you will find That's owned by you instead. A. SMITH. ACROSTICS,. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 16.-I have oft read his name within these "Tourney" pages, I have noted his rhymes, and admired him for "ages I" So I hope he'll receive these few lines as a token That my admiration remaineth unbroken. Cross Words. A kind of monkey; well, if you Would see him, go into the Zoo. An animal "averse to speed ;" To guess much you'll have little need. " Filthy lucre " this is said to be- Plenty of " filthy lucre" give to me, A little " article " that cries And pokes its fingers in its eyes. We took this one out of the nest, And placed it safely with the rest. Some describe it as a " silver thread," And some " a sheet of glass " instead. Such a jolly nice place I When the weather is dry, We stroll there together, my sweetheart and I. Just one more light, and to my bliss, I shall have come right to the this. Some think that folly aye attends. This stage of life in me and you; -I note my own deeds; and my friends', And- Well, I rather think so, too. ARTHUR CLENNIAM. Foundation Word. 17.--S talwat knights, in admiration Yor this worthy innovation, IR ing ye forth a hearty cheer; A nd ye maids of high ambition, N ow unto my faint petition K indly lend a list'ning ear: L ong may this adorn our pages- I n the mists of future ages N umberless may they appear. Cross Words. Our first to the dear next we send, An ever true and generous friend, In the third of Y. F. P., This puzzle old we often see. Skilful knights and maids of fame, At this part of Young Folks aim. ·May this lady seventh reign O'er our "'Tourney's" wide domain. HeA inth to us give araentpleasunre, We eighth with ecstasy each treasure.' SAnd how I bid to tent:h of you Brave knights and gentle last, adieu, OLIVErTE. CURTAILMEBT. . fDFop the final letter of a word. leaving aenbther wora.) 18.-My first a Grecian oet, For epic lays renowned; A happier place than n . Is seldom to be found. : ------ 1551515-E;LH. .
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 19.-The snow had fallen fast all day, And white and crisp in byways lay; Some naughty boys in one of these Assembled had, intent to tease Each other, or some masher old With some fine snowballs, nicely rolled. Anon there came upon the scene A short, stout man, with angry mien; He sniffed the breeze, looked, at the sky, And stamped his foot, when, lo I a cry Fell on his ear,-and on his nose A snowball sought to find repose. Quickly he turned in anger great, Junest as his hat rolled off his pate, And showed to view the shining first, Where once the hair had second. Burst Forth the laughter, loud with glee, To see the poor man's agony; With foaming mouth, he swore amain Vengeance on all to take, but vain. He then a dash made on his foes, To bring the sport unto a close; And with a wild, triumphant yell, He collared one, and thrashed him well. J. BODEN, Glasgow. 20.-Mushaggra, me bhoi, shure the divil's own throubles Are breaking me heart-oh, why was I born? Whin I think I'm in luck, it all goes to bubbles I It's a sowjer bhoi I'll be in the morn I Och, wasn't it primal they put up the placards, Wid ten pounds reward for bill-hooks or pikes P Bedad, whin I captured a Bill Hooks, the bla'gnards Knocked me final down-a thing I dislikes I Faith, I wint back again and axed explanations; The judge winked his eye and said, " He's insane I" Then kept me in prison two days, wid dry rations. Och, I'll niver take a pris'ner again I A. C. READ, Eastbourne. 21.-Little boy Falls in first; Greatest joy, His own next, Serenade; Sleepy maid; Water throwp; Wretched groan; Dripping headl; Runs to bed. I. CLEARcHosS. 22.-My lirst in a barrel's oft sooeen ; IMy second is found in a tree; My third on a door oft has been; And fourth may be seen upon me. My fifth in a schoolroom you'll find; My sixth in a hedge you'll obtain; My next childhood's days brings to mind; And eighth in a bed you may gain. R. Rorsnaor. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or frwards is still the same, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 23.-The shades of night were falling fast, When up my garden walk there passed A cat, that in the waning light Kept squalling out with all its might, "Meow I meow I" My next.door neighbour's brow was sad'; Cried he, "Oh, stop that cat, my lad; The thief shall have its neck well wrung." The cat, derisive, sweetly sung, "Meow I meow 1" "Don't let him pass," the old man said- "Chuck a big brickbat at his head." It went, but of its mark flew wide; A voice up on the fence replied, "Meow I meow 1" Upon a tree's o'erhanging branch He'd sprung, when like an avalanche Another brick went then with fright; He murmured farther up the height, "Ileow I meow I" " Oh, stay," an old maid cried, " the best Of cats please spare 1" At her request We spared, but in the old man's eye A tear stood, as he heard the cry, "Meow I meow I" There in the twilight cold and grey, Bits of my neighbour's supper lay, Whilst from the tree-top up so far There softly came another bar- "Meow I meow I" Jo-KINe. ENIGMAS. 24,-Here I am as blithe as ever, Merry as the day is long, And again I'll now endeavour Just to sing a little song, Though I don't feel very frisky, rye got such a beastly cold. I've just had a glass of whisky, And to stay indoors I'm told. So I'll pen this riddle neatly, Just to while away the time; And I'll leave you now completely To yourselves to chase this rhyme:- I am found with every creature, Every human being, too ; I form a trenchant feature Of mankind, indeed I do. In Dame Nature's cavern, well, you See I always can be found; In that cavern I may tell you Tiny ivory rocks abound; Bound about its walls I sally, Oft your conscience I will prick; Darting down a narrow alley, Darting up again as quick. J. G. NICHOLLs, Milton. 25.,-When the rain falls splashing into the deep, And the wind blows fierce and strong, I leave my homo on the sea to roam, And merrily dash along. I perch on the tossed, dismantled wreck, And shriek with a fiendish delight, For I love to ride on the ocean wide, On a blustering, stormy night. And when the wind and sea have calmed, To the rocks I slink away, And till storms again disturb the main I shrink from the light of day. W. KOHLER0 Camberwell. 26,-With me is felt soft, sweet repose; With me folks like their day to close; I never die, yet, strange to say, I'am re-made once every day. D. F. MooRE, Belfast. DOUBLE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the two first letters of a word. leaving another word.) 27.-My first's a covering for the foot, Constructed from my secornd, By forgemen held last high repute, If I have righltly reckoucd: SYNTAX, Warrington. 28.--This riddle represents a fisH-- It is well known to you; Behead two letters, then you'll fnd An animal in view. . ..c T . .
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and ihe first syllable of the secondJ Triptich. 29.-From the dread milbe, From the deadly fray, Slowly rides a knight, all hacked and torn £ Shattered helhq and sword, Breastplate rather bored And dented by the blows it long has borne. To the tourney queen He rides, anti then he's seen Holding out his lance, all split and broken; Then with trembling fingers O'er her task she lingers, Fixing on the lance the conqueror's token, First Word. Doomed to labour all his lifetime For one act of thoughtlessness ; Doomed to bear a living death by Justice, stern and merciless. Bad enough, no doubt, the crime was- Sin its own reward will bring; For that crime he will atone for B y long years of suffering. Second TYord. It's taken me a week or more To think this riddle out, And alithat time an awful bore It's been, without a doubt. And now I send it with the prayer 'Twill pass this last all right; And if it does, why, I declare i'll treat you all on sight. ROBERT LE DIABLE. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 30,-I remember what you told me, Standing on the Invicta's deck, When I, in a senseless fashion, Clasped my arms around your neck. I remember what you told me On that cheerless winter's day- That your love would never primal FintaL you had sailed away. I remember what you told me When we next did meet again, That your love had provLd unfaithful, Though you grieved to give me pain. I remember what I told you ('Twas my pride that made me lie): Never will you be forgotten; Love like mine can never di-. F. PU ILLIPS, Mottingham. CHARADES. (Pormed on a word eooh sy!tiile of whloh t s a word.) 31.-Again I take my pen in hand, And write for first a pen ; My next, I'd have you understand, Is ever seen in ten ; Of whole we read in days of old That it was poisonous and cold, And he who drank For ever sank To a realm of bitterness untold. C. F. MITCSELL. 32.-My first is a tree ; A fruit is my second ; In whole there will be Another fruit reckoned. H. F. FAnnIs, 33.-In shady woods, where bluebells grow, My first you'll always find; My second, now, you all must know, Is untouched by the kind. ANoN. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 3,.-One.fourth of mice, One-third of ice, And then one-sixth of lumber; One-third of ton, One-third of one, And then one-sixth of number: These letters, placed aright by you, Will bring a poet's name to view. W. J. Downs, Limavady. CONUNDRUM. 35.-What isle would you mention If you wished to say An hotel was bankrupt P Solve this soon, I pray. W. G. DOUSLEY. SQUARE WORDS. 36.-My first's a word that means close by; A lounging man in next descry; Delight or fun for third please place; Part of yourself in fourth you'll trace. Now, please to place these words correct, And then you will the square detect. T. SToan. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 37.-My first is in my second, SWhich is a climbing tree; My third is what is sometimes called " The tiger of the sea;" My fourth's a splendid story, Written by Sir Walter Scott; My fifth's a name for master, In a country very hot ; My sixth's a kind of rabbit, In it you'll find my end ; Now that is all my puzzle, So please them try to blend. Ron Bor.