RIDDLE TO U RNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAM.
(Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-Riddlers. please come gather round us. Is the Ed.'s appeal in vain ? Why continue to astound us P Sound your tuneful lyres again. Binstead, Coulson, Adcock, Barwell, Picky, Cooper, Holmes, and Troy, Have you all grown old men ? Alh well, Each one can't remain a boy. Other, higher aims, ambitions, Occupy you. Each intent On your own hopes, aims, and missions, Quite forget the " Tournament." A QUZLLE PENE. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 2.--What music dwells in country air- First of enjoyments we could spare I Hast ever trudged behind a dray Laden with sweetly-scented hay ? Oh, if you have, you must have found How pleasant is the moving sound. Rumble, rumble ! go the wheels; Crack ) the whip. and thud I the heels; Tinkle, tinkle I chimes the bell, And harness even tries to swell The tune so merry, light, and gay, Awakened by a country dray I Remark the stalwart driver's voice: 'Tie so untownlike, mellow, choice- The softest note upon the board In junction with a piquant chord- A voice that harmonizes well With murmuring trees in sylvan dell; An Apis buzz-in fact, in some 'Tis quite a teleoraphic hum! (Last you this sound have never heard, And think the idea's quite absurd : When next you search for bunny's holes, List at the telegraphic poles. And, in an instant, there will come A distant threshing-machine-like hum!) E'en children's voices have a ring Which London training cannot bring- A chirpy intonation, yet A remnant buzz you always get I! As far removed from City tone As tuning-fork from simple bone, As housetop sparrow's twittered lay From country warbler's song to.day I Well, let the hay cart trundle on (Or off-with Ed.'s best benison I); But if you cannot catch my meaning, Another fact I've for your gleaning : When next you're in a country lane That's somewhat narrow, hard, and "clane" (Respects to Ireland), trip along, And strike you up a merry song; Then, listening, you will soon declare That music dwells in country air. W. A. CooPER. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 3.-We take our third-class ticket for the town, Then find a car and stow ourselves within it; And half a dozen others " going down," Fill up the same compartment in a minute ; And some growl at the wait, while others frown, And " wonder when they'regoing to begin it." But, thanks to first, when once we leave the station, We very quickly reach our destination. And there a welcome warm, and loving ones, Await us as we enter with a greeting; Innumerable are the awful puns We perpetrate, the while the second eating; And father, mother, brothers, sisters, sons, And dauzbters make a very happy meeting. But, best of all, the laughing eyes of Mabel Are glancing shyly at us o'er the table. And when the board is cleared, and round the fire The old and young folks gather to make merry, A certain couple, seeming to desire Seclusion, seek a corner cosy, very, Where one of them does nothing but admire A pair of tempting lips that shame the cherry. And shortly after Mabel's voice is heard To whisper, " Don't! you know it's wrong to third." BARNETT DE BLEARt. 4.-Far off in Cairo, Land of proud Pharaoh, Dwelt a first merchant, Ben Habuz by name; Fat as a porpoise, Slow as a tortoise, Shrewdness and cunning the cause of his fame; Like his ancestors, All of them Nestors. Furrow'd with care and enfeebled with age, Daily grown thinner, Wanting his dinner, Gnashing his teeth in his impotent rage; Hating all strangers, Cursing the rangers Who had ransack'd his provision store large, And, tired of thieving, Had gone off, leaving Naught but three small bags of last in his charge. PHILO, Arbroath. ENIGMA. 5.-Immortalized in fairy story, Spoken of by sages hoary, I reflect my golden glory on the so:, and o'er the land; Likea diamond often gleaming, When the drowsy world is dreaming, Yet when all with life is teeming you behold me in the Strand. Where the dark and rolling river Runneth on and runneth ever, Where the outcast, with a shiver, slouches by in grief and pain; In the tent of friends and foemen, Gipsies, " cheap Jacks," trav'lling showmen, I am seen; and oft my glow men can behold o'er dell and plain. Though I'm found in street and stable, I am adequately able To be placed upon the table, where, indeed, I'm often seen; And, perhaps, you'll be deciding, Now the clue I am confiding, How it is you dud me riding on the bicyclist's machine P As of life you cannot read me, Yet sometimes when you may need me, You, forsooth, will have to "feed" me, and I'll serve you in return; In the train you may espy me, In the dusky mine descry me, And whoever likes to try me I my keep will always earn. WALLIS AND GRAHAM. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 6.-My first is a carriage familiar enough. To those who have travelled at all My second's a very extensive and rough Excavation, or that which you'd call A tremendous large cavern dug deep in the earth, For a purpose I shall not explain; My wehole is a colour of very great worth To the artist, or lady when vain. SCPtrro. 7.-Against advice, one gloomy night, Scarce heeding what I had to say, My second went, attired in white, To join some friends a mile away. She lost my first, so she came back. She'd slipped into a muddy hole. She went out white, but came home black- It served her right for being whole. HIrH BOOT.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 8.-Dear Ed., I first, with tear-dimmed eyes, Within a recent number, Some words that filled me with surprise, And likewise broke my slumber. You wrote: " The race of poets, young, Extinct is now becoming I" And in my ears those words hare rung Since then with dismal humming. And now I make appeal to you: Your cruel words retract, sir I You won't Ah ! if you only knew The way my brain is racked, sir I For, really, I am bound to say, When glancing at th soe pages, Young poets shine as )lright to-day As those of former ages. Though many knights and ladies fair Have wandered on life's journey, We have some stars of radiance rare, Who still illume our " Tourney." But hoping, like the lawyers, I Have made my case out clearly, I'll wish you now, last sir, good-bye, Remaining, your sincerely, F. W. MILES. 9.-This fish will make as nice a dish As any epicure could wish; My next, a fruit, you may have seen When in the country you have been. C. F. BARaER, Ramsgate, NARRATIVE REVERSIONS. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 10.-It was a place called Bethnal Green. He stood with guileless smile, serene; But, oh! I call it downright moan! A purse and sovereign from his fob He took (excuse my anguished sob !), And said he'd sell 'em for a " bob." " I'll take a dozen, please I" said I. The people laughed-I knew not why; And then I saw that villain fly. My life's a blank I My heart is torn; My frame to skin and bone is worn; Oh ! why the dickens was I born ? Card counters! Mighty Jingo l Sold ! And grinned the policeman whom I told: " They glitters, but they isn't gold 1" F. R. COULSON. 11.-In fancy once again, dear friends, the puzzle file I see, Defiantly it stands and challenges both you and me. It stood thus once before, so us the Editor informed, And, oh I how soon its wiry form with cons. our poets stormed I Since then the Ed. has once or twice informed us that the file Is " likely not to suffer from plethora for a while." Then take the hint; but, there, there is no need for me to ask You poets to do so, for you will, and "glory in the task " (To quote a riddler), and I'm sure "yours truly " will for one. Oho if our Ed. could but announce he had of cons.aton! Then let us storm the file, and make it hide for very shame, Surrounded by our cons., and the reward will be-well, "fame." ARCHER B, CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-Dear friends, I'll wield the riddling pen, To write of Nature's charms, and men; My aim, to grace the " Tournament," On giving you my poems bent, And give to all the metres vent. Yet on the seasons of the year 'Tis plain I cannot write; 'tis clear That earlier bards have ta'en away The chance of lauding June and May, And other months as sweet and gay. 'Tis obvious I've come too late My many stories to narrate- " They're stale, and have been told before." I always thought I was a bore, In need of subjects ever sore I Why can't I first anent the sea ? 'Cause Byron has preceded me I Why not, then, tell of charms ashore ? All have been told by Scott and Moore I And yet do I these bards adore. But why, now I'm no longer vexed ? Some one declares that " When V. next Complaining of his lot, and sighed, His grumbling was not justified I A subject had the same supplied." T. J. VANDnEaPuP ACROSTIC. (I word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-Welcome thou art, few I think will dispute it, miss, Laden with salve that soothes each weary heart. Quickly arrive, for your advent is hailed with bliss; Joy to young hearts your approach does impart. Cross Words. A substance found in every clime; Not affluent, but that's no crime; 'Twill feed the mind, and guide it, too; Pray don't be this, you've work to do; 'Tis owned by each and everything; Gives joy to workman and to king. And now I've penned niy final line, ' I trust you'll not this con. decline. A. LIGHTOLLER. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, deln. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after eaca operation.) 14.-Now, come, my friends, I've here a rhyme, So answer, please, the same. My first a certain lapse of time, I have no doubt, will name ; But if the middle's changed, I know Part of yourself you'll see; The centre now delete, and, lo i An insect it will be. J. A. MARSHALL. 15.--My first is what we all possess ; A letter change, and then Transpose with care, in days of old 'Twas used by fighting men; A passage next will be if you One letter will delete; Change head, and last is made of glass. This con, is now complete. CAT DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 16.-Though you are first, it does seem queer That you a laggard are; And.coming next, 'tis odd that we're Adown the rank so far. But facts must aye be kept in sight, Unlikely though they look, And what is said above is right, As right as any book. R. C. LovELass, Birmingham.