RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are tralsposed. tnd form anlluoi word in the ln rrallve.)
1.-Well may a philosopher value content, When few but are ever rome new thing requiring; Not one ever reaches the "' toll of his bent." For life is made up of continual desitr nt. Who has all he wants in this world ? There is e'er. Though one hls Fort ii e's favours in eudlt:as variety, An incessantu cravl;,- for soliuitlhitng lnt t here, And ever a sense of c,:mltte iniiatiety. How blest, then, is he who is well forti:ied 'Ghiust this ceeaseless unurst, by each true and tried O'er t he bilhws of life hIe will platcid!.: elide, laving nole ialt desires f'r ,r or,; ai -td;i,. to tax him. I. Gow. LOGO(' i:IPII. (A word wl'v i 'lyc t i t 1. iu I t, , " .i": '' l . l ', , i:,t a; O , ln.del . t ltld i ,,,", :,U . liiit Ii.i, C I , e i i t'i:i \it ii, : ter eali 2.-I hLve often crossed the ocean -- ctr,-r d the h i n u:e and siternly ' t ain Listened to, with plc:sel emotion, iadlg:t's ii slnity H totn; W itched with woller:enit, in China, (;ry ill fellows flying kites; De, i to 'Frisci, Carolinia, C ipping in tihe woods at nights Ihiieu through the States United; Was athirst in Htungary; Fert a little bit excited lVhen a hear was hugging me; Ch;:,led lhe chamois oni the iounltains, Ln.,t its track with deep regrets; ,V:,tched the sparkling Tiurkish fountains, 'i':rk-h spires andl minarets; loi. mny aild tir-esia bieun to; lIuuted sal 11 near INewfoundlland; Ecoulreid Egyptiaul plains, and seen, too, ivra:uids, and thought 'min grand; Shot s " grizzly " or a titer; \wanm to iFrance to lir::t he--r wine; Rowed iwith colllrades downl the Niger; Crossed the swiftly-rolhlng Rlhine; 10aiuued the wild land feCrtillt prairies, IIestulg neither ,ny v nor night; Visited the giddy fdriies- Fairies beauteous to the sight; Took a next on mounts Caucasian; Mined for gold in Mexico; Aud by streamilets Australas:ian, WatCbed the shadows come :aild go; F:shed in river, stream, and weir: Yes, as I reloarked before, 1 have ,dlou, all this anul more; But ti Juricy, render, dear ! Tcor AND PICKERIiNG. METAGRAMS. (Change, the first letter of it w,,l to lform another word.) 3.-I'm but a. little simple country Ilower, Amid the gold.-n corn I make my bed, To greet the eveninlt dew and morning shower, I r:use imiy L:uIhng face of deepest red. BI l body is so very fruil and slendier, I trelble if the windis blow harsh at night, And gaze upon my nei.ghbours ill their splendour, Astounded at their miglht. Andl when at last, to greet the :lark's sweet siugin;', The bsreeztos rustle throlugh the first around, I share the lour, dank lbaves iabtut me cli:,giug, And try to niuke thie salune Sweet whirrin g sounD. Atid then at ovenuiig's close, all next and weary, I droolp 1ily Leavy he:adl and sink to rest, And iuti i.wtet cou!tirt in the thought :u cheer-, T'lhat I have doine miy best. And so nnmidst this merry banud of sinugers I fain would try my feeble, faltering voice; And when sweet Must. in my presenle llbgers, I'll singi aloud to show how I rejoice. I do not hope to gain a title famous, I do not, wish to sing the sweetest song, Conteut. am I to know ati ignoramus Cau help to swell the throng. 4.-I sing again a little strain. A primal song of pleasure. As I appear, I say, friouds, denr, Let's give dear Ed. a hearty cheur. Yousnj Folks I alwa)js treasure. I sing again a little strain, Prtlisug each riddling maiden, Each week I gaze upon their lays, Each one merits mny highest praise, With last none seem o'erladen. I sing again a little strain l'nising each riddling brother. In each behold a riddler bold, Wi:.h armour bright inlaid with gold, Who often praise each ot her. W. CArmi't, Birming!ham. 5.-A splortsman walked along the road, With fishin e-rod and tackle. HI-: steil was quick, his heart was gay, And as lie troll the broad highway, 11-- lautghed to hear the farem-si'ges bay, T'I, poultry's crow and cackle. When he his desttnation rached (A striun both ldeei Idai b,;lwfing), lie took his irst, aili it, it wec t To whre- the iishes lay content 1To ]1o01k but bit-l not what lie acnt, And the dilay was galling. T, next he did not seem inclined, Ilnatientce was Ihs failing; I!ts brow g'rew diu:rk, tile fish grew rare, sl: coilld not even catch a air; 'fh,.n tosseil hisa rod into the air, And said he'd " go a-wvhalin'." 'lThn up he packed his rod and lines, Ai, started home1le in auger; 'lit he was tired, and loust the road, And spitel uly lie kicked a toad, Auld wiletl lie reacheld his own abode, Hlis third was marked by languor. (G. STr.y::L. 6.-: y whole is loved by ladties fair, Who of it take tile greatest care; Exchange lmy heail, pl'ease ta:ke your ease, And you will see a thing to shueezc; Again exch:nge, yonu'll soon agree That 'tis a water-plant you see. J. WVELLIN :S. CHAIRADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 7.-Above the smiling pasture.lands, The pri, ,l Inulp bshines bright, And earth's tlair beauty lroludily beams In boundless realms of light. Thorgh nl I.t the field withl autumn wind, The furiner views with joy TlIt 1~lden harvest at his feet, No fears his peace alloy. But total ch:anges in the air Bring with them storm "and rain, Andl, batteredl with the direful blast, Bends down the strickeu grain. F. G. Wart. 8.-My frstf each sage must deeply do Ere he can truth disclose; My ncet it flows in numbers sweet, But never yet in prose. If to my neighbours I should go To spend a social hour, My seiholm would sweeten every meal, And rob time of its power. IVANHozx. CONUNDRUM. 0.-" Can you tell me, Mrs. Naylor, When a sailor's not a sailor ?" " Let me see, I think I can, sir," And she forthwith gave the answer. Aticllanu B., ientiash Town.
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a wotrd to form another tr-ty 10.-Tobias O'Phool was a curious youth Who scorned ev'rv notion of " play," Whose loftiest aim in this world was, in trash, To publish a poem-so tray, That at its absurdities all men on earth. Should laugh till with pleasure they cried, Should struggle and choke at its infinite uirth And echo his fame far and wide. For fifty first weeks with all vigour strove I'hocl To think of a theme for his lay ; Hie wandered in anguish from armchair to stool, tRansacking his brains in a way That caused his relatious to view him with fear, And strive to divart his great mind -i Taut, scorniniie to it1:, next the pathwa" o nodrt Young " Phool " kept, his braius on thle ' "i .r, When two years had Lpassed, it ap ,eared a tranre fl That, under its terrible strain, Iis elohquent forehead seemed just in the act Of lursting amain and again. But still he thought on. till ,ue ,orning, at last With htorror, his relati ves found Sou(i' oiece.; of leadl ,' r thli garden walk et, And the body of " I'hool " on the grullt, This moral, muy friend, should your Inid'si,.irotf "r . Don't ponder too much, lest your for. heald I "i. ll lt '. «Vit:tl, i uuthtwar. DECAPITATION. (Dr~t th e first letter of a wr .l t leaulte t t' ir word.( 11.--" )Oh, what shall I do ? This is dredfullf lily ilor brain is getting quite tllk ! Whatv with straight lines and intricate anglea 1 really feel fearfully sick." So cried, in the height of distraction, A schoolboy, called Frederick B rumi, As lie pored, on a sununy spring evening, O'er the difficult ponls asisorunm. " ).ar me ! What a hard proposition! I really can't learn it at all ; In trying to climb the bridge over, I shall irrevocably fall. Let Iue see, I will go to my study, My dear little sanctum sanctornm, Andl there I will try to my utmost To master the pons asinoruin. " I'll begin once again ; that is better Than fussing and niussing about ; P'.rilaps when my hair is lquite lloarn. I'll make the old puzzling thing out. SiWhien the pigs in the air take a frolic, Which will be secula, seenlorum, I'll first all the straight lines and angles Of the horrible poes asiaoruls." 'Then he drew on his slate the whole problem And on the task set all his mind, And to everything else in the study lie was for an honur or two blind. At. last he rose np from the table, Cryine, " Next, in my sanctum sanctorum, I have swept the whole bevy ot asses Quite clear from the piins asilLnoruml." MuIA I E. D)EsiT, rlatc, ACP,OSTIC. (A wordl. or words, formed o: the initial letters of other wei:,;,j 1'"oundation Worl. 12.-Much has been said upon thee, marvellons bard; To breathe new inspirations would be hard, Yet we would deign to offer words of praise I'nto a writer of such glorious lays, Whose eloquence, so simple and so grand, Ennobles souls and hearts in ev'ry land; And we have drunk from springs of lofty thonel.t, Refreshed, inspired, for greatness has been cautl.:, Two humble hearts, two plebeian hands combnle To form a wreath to crown the works of thine; And ages come, and ages yet may go, When these two earnest hearts will be laid low, Thy name, more brilliant, like a meteor oright, Will lustre gain, and never dim its light. Cross Words. How cheering, how pleasant, bow sweet, This modified laughter to greet ! To its summit we clambered, and thenu Viewed earth's many beauties again. When you've spelt it, we're cert.uun yon'll sty 'Tis a maiden's sweet name we display. It was neatly and prettily done, And he called her his " own dearest ooe." We have sent him some excellent ()1 verse; He has said: " Write again, and be terse." A particular one "we can sing, A duet's the identical thing. Though they took him for one such a man, A dislike for the fellow began. Where the stun comes to gladden the earlth, And the old signs of life to give birth. Its industry none can dispute; An insect descry, if you're 'cute. Means genutine, e'en as is life, With its wondlerful phases of strife. In oiserving its qualities, say Should we further urolung here our il ?r ]XITCIuNtln AND it1A: ! .,,!'r.". OMEGRAM. (Tile last letter of a word is chunnfe il i t oric ' 1:: ]the'r ,ý;L 13.-)Dark was first night, t aild the storm w: < w:l1, And the woItanL s:t watchinig her dl il- ehibl,, .l'allid lits.. cheekl with the shade of i thI . i hlassy its iliuo eves, and faiun :ts ,ri,. Clear itlroulth the ruiooml, with the 1u -,1 i i lilti:: the wife's voice with its mourniii r, 11. L: " Faint is thy breath, and thy life ulbi :.i-:, Wail of the sea ! Canst hear around us the storn's bit:or 1i::'1 ? Wait of the sea! iEven so raged it lung winlers Laso, '\ inters tha:t, came leaving nothing lilt wc. " Smile on me, darling, clouds are souvn ,1"'' Waif ,of the sea The sun will break forth when the pte.mpht I i:o Waif of the sea! Like it, thy life ill its glorious day hhines for eternity far, for away. " Farewell ! 'tis letter that fate. thus should seve:, Waif of the sea l Farewell, my darling! oh, good-bye for ever, 'Waif of thile sea! Anrees are smiling, earth's chains are riven, bwitt cleaves next soul to its glorious le Itll. REVERSIONS. (A word which reaul backwanrd forms anotllher werd.) 14,--This miay seem very strange at first, But you will lind it true. A kimi of p:per. if reversed, A coolleg ~o ioo, Dudley Colliery- la--Behold here a writer whose stories will chanrm ye. Whose wit and whose rollicking spirits with warm vi Rcversed, if yon're timid, is a name will alIrm youeL_, And, If uncontrolled, may certainly hars you. Ht. C. LOVELESS, BirninSgham.