IIDDnLE TOURNAMENT. NARIATIVE OMEGAM.
e last letter of a word is changed to form another word ill the The last leo narrative.) I in gay, crowded Canton I dwelt, .~Ti- ah Ling was a maiden of twenty; ngd before the sweet maid daily knelt E,,ger yellow-faced suitors in plenty. A celestial beauty was she, .A ad jwi~te, peg-footed, and healthy ; Wile papa was reported to be er old and exceedingly wealthy. o you'll quite understand why, in that crafty land, Our sweet musingi together were stealthy. Yes, I loved her, although she was rich I In Kuang.si was no steadier lover, For each evening, my soul to bewitch, The River Chu-kiang I crossed over; Then to scale papa's tea-garden wall Was to me but the work of a second, And, as lightly inside I would fall, She'd rush eagerly to me unbeckoned. Enad you been in my place, I believe 'tis the case That on Ting's warmest love you'd have reckoned. So a length I proposed. She said, " Yes!" And to pa I delightedly hurried, Who consented our union to bless, If I'd have my pale face tauned and curried, Ifa mandarin I would become, Silver-buttoned, mild-mannered, and mellow, Wear a pig-tail well stiffened with gnm, Don an upper.castH garment of yellow, Eat shark's fins, roasted rats, rotten eggs, and stewed cats, Like a decent, respectable fellow! But I fled from the house in disgust, And my sweet Ting ah Ling serenaded, Singing, "Love, fly with me!" But she just Shook her head, and my folly upbraided. So the flowery country I left ; And my lone Ting ah Ling, broken-hearted, Has declared that of joy she's bereft Now that I from Kuang.si have departed ; And she says she'll take care-Agonistes, beware l- That my wish never more shall be thwarted. PHILo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, asl bhars a different meaning in the narrative.) 3.-I known maiden, wondrous fair, with lovely azure eyes, Whose brilliancy is equal to the brightest summer skies, Whose glances are like rays of light, so beautiful and sweet; the is a little angel, from her head down to her feet, [Isr face is perfect in repose, and second counts to none, the tyrant heart of Nero I an sure she could have won. The velvet of her peach-like cheek, so soft to kiss and touch- h I if you could but see her, you would love her very much! the little dimpled fingers that caress me every day Blways succeed in driving grief and sorrow far away; The music of her gon le voice is like a silver bell, lhe cadence and the sound of it would puzzle me to tell. Rer name is Daisy, and I know that, like the modest flower er namesake, over every heart she holds a secret power; :or When she smiles her subjects bow with reverence at her shrine, nd through my heart there thrills a thought that this fair maid is mine! 0ometimes I sing to her, and then those lovely deep-blue Will seiarch my face with lobks of tender pleasure and surprise, And nestlinr with sweet peace, content, and love upon my breast, Bhe watches me a little while, then sleeps in perfect rest. In future days fond lovers will, no doubt, come to her side, nd ask her with enraptured lips to be a blushing bride. sI were but a man I'd seek her out, before all girls, his lovely maid with azure eyes, and shining golden curls. But now a tiny secret to you all I fain would tell, And whisper why my heart with truest love for' her would swell. This little maid, whom even now close in my arms I hold, Is just my baby sister, and she's only six months old! NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another worl.) .--With honour and glory his memory's attended, Such records as his remain fadeless as few, And linked with another his name has descended- A symbol of friendship unaltered and true. They may tarry towday and be far by to-morrow, These wandering sonus of a hard sterile land; Forsaking their homes without longing or sorrow, Their empire and lodging the limitless sand. AnY BeHozrEa. NARRATIVE TRIOR.bAMS. IChange the first three letters of a word to form anoth .r word, expressed in the narrali:e.) d.-lMany hearts will be enaraptured By the strains we've qu~ickly captured Of the "music of the sea." By its swelling mirth and glee ; And no heart will give refusal, After studious perusal, That the voices of the dop Laugh in joy-in sorrow weep. And in'yearniug tones beseech Us their truths to learn and teach; All its beauties to disclose, In its fierceness and repose; As in life, it kindles fear, Let us learn to through it steer; As in death, its face is still, Let up feel its strength and will. Amy DENNY AND VIOLET DAVIES. ..-There is no doubt you all know as well as we do That Milton, the poet, once married a shrew ; That the grand Duke of Buckingham called her a "rose," Heard by Milton, then blind, whom she led by the nose. Bnt he answered jocosely, in a manner e'eu gay, I'm no judge of colours, by night or by day; But I daresay you're right, duke, in this your first guess, Per I feel thorns every day round me press. "aii roses have thorns," then old Buckingham cried. nA I" answýred the bard, " she's a thorn in my side." nd the duke thought when leaving, "Poor man! to his cost, Ie's ne'er found thc-pless roses since ' Paradise Lost' !" D:rENoN AaND ARCHERna B. NBARRATIVE DUAGRAMe. thange the first two letters of a e-rd to form another word, ex. pressesd in the narrative°. 6.--0f all the Inights within the "T." Whose riddles I admire, Ilike those best by A. Amberley, - Ths lanchester Esquire. I trust that I shall not offend When I say his cons. are jolly; His ready wit and fluent pon Displ a melandholy. E. HuNT.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, oxpressel in the narrative.) 7.-Through a window in the attic Crept a burglar quite rheumatic, But his bearing was emphatic, And his notion far too plain, As the frame he gently lowered And above the window hovered, As though a little bothered How to enter through that pane. And upon the carpet glancing, While his fiery eyes were dancing, My senses quite entrancing, I could neither move nor speak. Look I his body now is beudimg- I must think about defending, For he slowly is descending. Oh! I wish I e'en could speak. No! my tongue is tightly cleaving To my month-there's no deceiving That this man intends relieving Me of watch and chain, and all. Not a word can I e'en utter; As I vainly try to mutter Words of fear, I merely stutter, "Oh! I'm choking! Hold! I fall." Yes! I live-at last I'm waking; But how dreadfully I'm quaking ! This affair is surely making Me an invalid for life; And I look-ah ! where's that vision ? 'Twas a dream ! I'll make provision, If he comes, to make incision In his "throttle" with a knife! R. W. ANDREWS, Hampstead. 8.-Behold Sam Johnson, in the market-place, With hat in hand and gravity in face, Exposed to public scorn, on market, moru, Suffering alone, by inward tumults torn, Beside a stall where fifty years ago His father used his ponderous books to show. This was his penance for a deed refused In darker days, when Johnson was not used To sales and selling in a public place. Therefore he stands subdued, with shamed face, To plead forgiveness for a transient deed, His conscience holds through public scorn is freed From shame, remorse, and terror, that reproved Even this act an angel might have loved. H. Cox, Birkenhead. DECAPITATIONS. ()rop the flrst letter of a word, leavins anotlhr word.l 9.-Yes, we are like sisters, and so, hand in hand, We enter the lists for the "Tournament" fight; We want to be welcomed to this happy band, Our motto is " Vanquish the wrong, do the right !" And so, knights and ladies, we mean to be in All the fun and enjoy ourselves. (Pray do not grin !) Say, Marion, dear lady, would you first, us neeitr With a welcoming smile and a friendly hand.clasp ? Would you, in the names of the riddlers so dear. Receive oir firm vows to be true to the last? In fancy your answer we noW\ would possess, And oh ! may you whisper approvingly " Yes !" Miss Quceenie, one moment before we are gone. We hope and believe you would welcome a dame Something like Nellie Watson or Minnie St. John, When the) strive to win honour, and glory, and fame. Your words would run thuls, we are sure, iueenie. dear, " I am happy to greet you and see you both here." And so we'll depart, but will soon come again To try and win pleased approbation from all; In trouble or pleasure, in gladness or pain, We'll both stand together, and so rise or fall; And two royal lances will fight for the right, And prove that true.heartedness wins without might. Our cons. will be stupid, and simple as well, Yet still, after labe, we can do but our best, And this little secret to you would we tell- We will do what we can, and leave you all the rest. So now for a titne.we will say "Au revoir," And vanish until we cau write out some more. NELLIE WATSON AND MINNIE ST. JOHN, Cheshunt. 10.-Oh, should I meet thee once again, What tears within mine eyes would glisten! What happiness would flood my brain Once more to thy loved voice to listenu Friend of my youth, my only friend, Who lent me clothes when mine were seedy, Should we meet next. say, wouldst thou lend Me clothes and cash, since I'm so needy ? Once we were frienids-oh, love that word! Such friends, L thought we ne'er could sever; And, oh! my heart was strangely stirred When we were forced to part for ever! 'Tis true I owed a longish bill, And left the house, and left no traces; But, man, you cannot bear ill-will For three suits and six pairs of braces. Twelve pounds in all (including hose), Friend of my heart, should not estrange us; You first I left my left-off clothes To pay the bill; that should not change us. Andebhould I see thee in the street I'd vanish from thy sight like winking; A swindled tallyman to meet Is-well, not meet, friend, to my thinking. W. KOHLER. 11.-Last night I was roused from my heavenly dreams By hearing the most unearthly screams; A bangius and clattering noise on the stairs Electrically shocked every one of my hairs. Up and down, from the top of the house to the ground, That terrible clattering noise seemed to hound; Clanging and yelling, like lightning it sped, As I very reluctantly got out of bed. Half dead with fright, I managed to speak, And called through the Ikeyhole in tones rather weak, " Who is it making this horrible row ?" The reply I received first a very faint "Meow." I opened the door, and in walked the cat. She hung down her head last she crossed o'er the mat, And meekly explained, in a pitiful wail, That some one had tied a tin can to her tail. SCRAWLER. 12.-What riddler of mine likes to meet His creditor ? Does he not beat A hasty, sometimes sharp retreat, To frsat himP I wonder! What riddler of riddlers would leave A secod, I'd like to believe, Between him and the man who would cleave His head in P I wonder I S. DE BssA,. 13.-A dainty sort of fish If you will please behead, A pretty sparkling rivulet Appears to view instead. BAss, Chester. CHARADE. IFormed on a word each syllable o whioh is a aword. 14.--M.y frst is a prefix of letters two, Yet a word when standing alone; In sesond, is what gravediggers do When the soul from the body has flown; My third is a people, who, under one law, Observe the same customs antd rule; Mjy cole I express whenmy pien makes a flaw, Ot I for'get what v'was ttught at s'chtol. B, WAT.
PRECE-O~EGRAM. (Change the Inst letter but one of a word to form another word.) 15.-Flora Russell, Flora Russell, Echoes seem to say, Sighing through the toil and bustle All the livelong day; Now I wonder, now I wonder, All ye witches wise, Could you bring her portrait under, Underneath my eyes ? She is tall, and she is stately, lather dark, I thine; When she wishes, talks sedately, Cheeks a little pink ; Brow devoid of last or wrinkle, Looks a little sly, With a rare and roguish twinkle Twinkling in her eye. Amy Denny, Amy Dnny, Breezes low and light, Grant me, of my wishes many, All I want to.night. Flying onward, ever lightly, I'rithee tell to me, Can you' bring her portrait rightly O'er the Irish Sea ? She is small, and rather slender, not too dark or lair; But for beauty I'll commend her By her wavy hair; Eyes of mischief, not too simple, Full of laughter light, On each cheek ttere blooms a dimple. Amy, am I right? Oh, ye breezes, oh, ye breezes, If ye prove unkind- Ladies, if my song displeases, Blame it on the wind. But old Time, that ancient fooman, Bids me, while I may, Raise my hat, and, first the showman, Wish you both good day. H. A. TAYrLon. Birkenhead. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The finll letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or i\orets.) Focundatioa JVords. li.-Here behold a writer, Infinitely lighter, Infinitely brighter, Than his scribbling fellow-men; In Fiction's famous race He holds a foremost place, For full of wit end grace Are the products of his pen. Cross WVords. Light and fantastic; chamber bewitching; The high priest within for a victim is itching. Ancient progenitor, so some men would teach; Beyond the old gardener my creed will not reach. So smiling in white, so barefaced in black, And Truth shrinks dismayed at the cowardly pack. From thina to China, through many a storm, There's steaming of vessels without fear or harm. Perfection or virtue, this means, beyond time- With Plato, of course, the thing was sublime. Forwards and backwards together they ride; And if one goes the other's soon over the side. C. P. MITCHIELL. ACROSTICS. fA word.or words, formesd of the initial letters of other words.; Foundation Word. 17.-How many riddlers in this famous " T." Have searched each column with an anxious phiz, In fluctuating hopes that he may see The Riddle Ed. has printed one of his Bright specimens of genius, which he, In humble uood, will designate a con.-- The laboured work of many days, maybe, And printed for your eyes to feast upon! How thrills his heart when 'printals he does view, And he does realize his humble muse Has merit in it--merit to imbue The Riddle Ed. to say, "Your con. I'll use" ! Cross lordys. .In his profession I with truth might say, To do his work he merely has to play. An animal from which, I am afraid, The cald rabbit-pie is often made. When amateur musicians on this practise, The list'ner's not enchanted. This a fact is. To some this con. quite difficult may be, While others will with fobirtihi the answer see. He brings the letters daily to your door, Respecting him it's needless to say more. I doubt if there exists a single boy Who has not learned to spin this little toy. Your seventh is fixed upon this puzzle now; That I'm correct you surely will allow. He is so meek and patient that, alas ! I fear you will consider him an ass ! R. L. JEFFEtRSON AD A. AntBERstLsr. ouncdation Word. 18.-Forth they go, a noble baud, Gallant heroes every one; See their armour flashing bright In the early morning sun. They are burning for the fray, And their hearts are bounding high As they breathe the stern resolve Ne'er to yield, but win or die. Cross VWords. F'irst is a female Christian name, 'Tis owned by one of "Tourney" fame. 'This little thing, I can aver, is used by every carpenter. Upon a dark and stormy night The traveller hails it with delight. A certain building call to mind, Where evil-doers are confined. A pretty flower fifth will disclose. Which often in your garden grows. If you will search the Y. F. P., A stirring next you're sure to see. The soldier guards it with his life, And bears it through the fiercest strife. C. P. BARERs, Wood Green. Foundation lWords. 10.--If you read my ri,'mals aright, A riddler it will bring to sight. S reoss Words. For firsi a fruit please find, And for next a flower indite; A coloeu'now I claim for tiis, Then a dog's house bring to light; A part qs yourself add to the list, And last a boy's name write. C. PnowLEs, Sguthamyton. CONUNDREUM. 20.--I've been pondering o'er the question: What are the sweetest flowers your sweetheart wears ? And I've come to the conclusion, Without evident confusion, Without aly wrong illusion, That-- ' Welli wait until next Y, F. appears. - W. A, LA OgrTo.,
NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another worl in the narranLve.) 21.-Of lovers you have often read, Love dirties by the score; And to the list'that I have said I beg to add one more. It is about my darling Sarah Pimple, The girl I once had thought so very simple. That girl I loved, and you may guess I often with her walked. I ne'er to her could word address, For she it was who talked. Oh, yes I and she could talk, this Sarah Pimple,' The girl I once had thought so very simple. But this was not the worst-oh, no! Methought she had no guile, And when one day I told her so, Her language then was vile. Oh, yes, and she could swear, this Sarah Pimple, The girl I once had thought so very simple. Again, I say, there's one thing more About this Sarah Pimple, She does indulge in snuff galore, And wears a lovely dimple. Oh, yes, and sue could snuff, this Sarah Pimple, The girl I once had thought so very simple. No longer I'll your feelings hurt, But will conclude this ditty, By saying Sarah was a flirt, The greatest in our city. Oh, yes, and she could flirt, this Sarah Pimple, The girl I once had thought so very simple. CZINEIDERI AND BJROAD AsRow, Zuyder Zee. 22.-Oh, wasn't it jolly at IIankinson's ball, To come easy, go easy, or come not at all I Oh, wasn't it jolly to join in the dance, To whirl with the beauties, and curvet and prance, To glance at the holly, the white mistletoe, And to kiss the fair lips that were willing, you know I You should have been there at the supper with me, You'd have been just as jolly as jolly could be; The cakes and the ices, the sparkling champagne! Oh, when shall I join in the pleasures again ? Of cracking the crackers, and cracking the jokes, And blessing the berries that grow on tile oaks, The walks in the greenhouse, and flirting il nook:, The glances at maidens, and noting their looks- Was ever so merry and jolly a bull As took place last Christmas at Penelope Hall? Luce.ius. NARRATIVE BETA-O: 1EGRAM. (Change the second and last letters of a word to lot mi arlotehr word, expreseod in the norrativ,,.) After-much after-S. G. (Ycbb. 23.-That youth of weary, mournful mien, With vacant gaze and staring, His voice melodious simmering- A silent sort of swearing 1- That figure bent, that measured step, That aspect agonizing, That reckless scorn-refined contempt- His fest'ring aches disguising; That haughty pride he cannot hide, And so, alack I must show it- Weep not, ye earthly, worldly folk, This being is a poet. That youth of mien so gay and glad, Those features softly beaming, With smiles of happiness msupreme, With joy's rich ulossoms conuing; Those byes that dance in sportive glee, That step so firm and certain, Those tones so fuall of beauteous sounds, That laughter so " divertiu' "- Wail nut, ye earthly, worldly folk, Ye wights who live in " clover," For he is the accepted one- The joyous, anchored loverl! V. D. TAYLoR, Warrington HIDDEN POETS. (The initials of the n ,mnes of the authors' f tihe following quota:ions will give 'lti naimw of a pet.) 24.-" The saddest heart might pleasure take To see all Nature gay." "The swain, in barren deserts with surprise, Sees lilies spring, and sudden verdure rise." "'Tis man's perdition to be safe, When for the truth he ought to die." "He has left not a gap in the world now he's gone, Not a tear in the eye of child, woman, or man." " Broad water-lilies lay tremulously And starry river-buds glimmered by." " To mountain-winds the famished fox Complains that Sol is slow." "Fear not to touch the best, The truth shall be thy warrant." MADEIRA. METAG RAMI. (ChnItiCe the first letter of a word to form ;itothe.r e\vori,) 25,-Should you want to have my first, Dark and gloom must be dispersed, Naught but glitter to abound, Naught but brilliancy around, So that when you've gained the first, Then your work is not the worst. If you should add a cavalcade To the see e already made, With martial banners flying out, Warriors ready for the bout, To the teeth armed cap-d-ple, Truly, a gay paaol:ly, Then I think you may have reckoned On safely having found a second. i. L. JEa'rcson0, London. ENIGMA. Z6.-Cooks use it for colouring Custards, puddings, or ices; Although a pretty colour, Very dear the price is. H. CARTER.