RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PALINDROME.
(A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 1.-Of palindromes there seems to be a scarcity; I'll try and add another to the store, And if the clever riddler will reverse it, he Can only make it what it was before. A while ago, our good and able Editor Unto the lack of puzzles did- But, no i I won't say what he did, for if I said it, or Here wrote it, why, the answer it would show. Yes, weeks ago,'twas said, " What can the matter be ?" When files were lean; but things are altered now, For riddling knights have sworn the files shall fatter be, And each, I think, will try to keep his vow. ALEI. S., ti!.sgow. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The finalletters, as well as the nutials. form a word, or words.) Foundation Wlords. 2.-When steamboats travel o'er the Thames, When smaller craft their callings ply, When lamps electric shine like gems Of diamond o'er the waters, I Cry forth the hour of silent night, Or day, which e'er the case may be. My station is of such a height That ev'ry one looks up to me. Cross Words. He isn't prepossessing. I'm afraid he Would frighten any nervous-minded lady; His reputation, too, is rather shady. I'm Venus, Ajax, Hercules, or Phyllis; At other times as Ceres or Achilles. I'm stared at by the sages and the sillies. I travel down the thirsty throats of many, Who take me in with gusto; even granuny Imbibes me with as much delight as any. BARNETT DE BEAR. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed or the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 3.-A newly-created field marshal Is presented with this by the Queen; And oft in the hands of musijians And those who mark time is it seen. Cross Words. P retty and elegant, handsome and fair; A well-known genus of tre s H or-headed, rash, lacking caution and care; S tubborn, and hard to please; I n marshes and ponds may these creatures be fonud, P eeping from nuder a stone, L iving where pools that are stagnant abound, E merging when fully grown, O ft have I watched them, and p'r'aps so have you. N ow I must bid you adieu. AnY BlOEHMER, Shornclilffe. OMEGRAM S. (The last letter of a word is changed L > form another word.) 4.-Alas ! and, indeed, shall I never forget The day when I parted with sweet Violet P IIow well I remember (ah, would I did not!), Each day of my life, both the time and the spot. Oh, fates unpropitious ! it meaneth a sigh, First, each time I think of her parting" Good.bye." Oh, Violet, sweet one, you could not have known The love that I bore for your dear self alone; You knew that I loved you as man loves his wife, But not that I loved you far dearer than lift. You could not have known it, indeed, or else why Did ever your lips frame that heartless " Good-bye ?" Ah, next; you were wrong when you hinted, my pet, I had not been true to my love, Violet; God knows it was earnest enough, and as true As any you'd find if you searched the world through. And third such a love you could really deny, And, pleading mistrust, say for ever " Good-bye !" Oh, Violet dearest, though gone from my sight, In fancy I see you by day and by night; And sometimes I hope that again we shall meet, And love one another w~th love that's complete. And that in the land far beyond the blue sky. Where there is no parting, no bidding " Good.bye." F. VALLIs. 5.-Dear Kitchner, Pickering, Binstead, and others, A puzzle or poem I fain would indite; To be classed among ye g ,y riddling brothers Would to me afford a great deal of delight. To write, first, a puzzle I often am trying- My efforts, alas I are entirely in vain; I oft next for hours thus moodily sighing, I'll yet persevere, till that goal I attain. J. A. MARsHALL. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 6.-Again has our Ed. had for puzzles to ask, And in severe terms take us riddlers to task; What means this deep slumber? Come, say, riddling knights: Fear ye to engage in our "Tourney's " great fights ? Awake, one and all, from this diffidence great, And first for one moment your ardour abate Till in Y. F's. pages this note does appear : " Our files are all breaking with riddles we fear." In " Tourneys " of old ne'er a notice was seen Of puzzle files looking remarkably lean. Why, each knight of yore would have tingled with shame To have such a slur hanging over his name Again next your spurs, at your armour just glance, Let each knight come forth with a glittering lance, And fear not to tap with his spear e'en the best, Although it may shiver to bits in the test. H. R. PRESTON. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, drle- tlion, and transpositlon, but leaves a perfect word after eah: operation.) 7.-Dear friends, in primal can be shown An eye disease, a precious stone; Decapitate, then you will see A title of nobility. This latter word if you transpose, What's genuine it will disclose; Transpose again, and it will bring To mind a famed Shakespearian king. This royal personage deprive Of his last letter, and then strive To find and put one in its place, And you a female name will trace. Change tail once more, this you have seen Of diff'rent colours, brown, black, green Again the change repeat, and you Will bring a metal into view; Curtail tlis last, and 'twill disclose A river which through England flows. M. F. GEaAN., Fermoy. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 8.-The bicyclist pursued his way Along a country road; There to his left were many fields, Through which a river flow'd. When all at once a piercing scream DI)id on his ears vibrate; From off his bicycle he got, And then leapt o'er a gate Just opposite, and quickly ran Down to the river's brink; There to his gaze a girlish form The second time did sink. Then, without hesitation, he Into the river dived, Andl brought the maiden safe to land, Where quickly she revived. ARCiER 3., Kentish Town.
ENIGMA. 9.-The earth is my mother, the woodland my sire, And man brought me slowly to life; My infancy passed in a cradle of fire, And soon I was furnished a wife. My children-alas I that I speak of the woo My progeny cause on the earth l- Indignant I burn as they spitefully go. And curse them aloud in their birth I Where scorches the sun from an African sky, The lion in majesty stands; Despite my dissension, they ruthlessly fly, And death the proud monarch commands! The leopard may slink in an Asian maze, The tiger in forests of Ind, But a touch, and they fall in their various ways, As mute as the bulwarks of Sinde I Anon I enlt (though I smile through my tears!)- I see the proud tyrant in death, The assassin past treachery, malice, and fears, The traitor devoid of his breath ; And am cheered that I punish where pumshmeat's due, The weak equalize with the strong, And to prosper the many chastise but a few, And seek the subversion of wrong. A pestilent plague, "I inhabit the world, Though a blessing and joy often found ; Each day and my victims to Hades are hurled, Each day and with life I surround. Terrific and dread a; the lowering rock, Combative and strong as the sea, I exist yet as mild as the lamb of the finck, As calm as a pastoral lea. W. A. CooPER (NovE NA,:,-) DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word e 10.-Do you know, my gentle reader, first I'm sittiug, As I languidly indite this little con. ? My position fur it poet is unfitting, For it is the garden wall that I am on. The sun is shining brightly in the heavrns, The birds fly overhead with many a squeak, The felines group around in fives and sevens. (I've not seenold Brown's daughter uor a week !) The leaves are whispering scandal to the breezes, But nothing else disturbs the silent hlttr, Except when last and there a feline sueezes. Oh, golden silence ! magic is thy pow'r Still for a bard this time is quite a hard 'tin, There's naught poetic round me for La mile. But, stop! there's old llrown's dauglhteri i. Iis grl.i, So I shall leave off scribbling for a while! H. C. P'ece, Southwark. 11.-Squire Pothunter once, on a cold winter's day, T,,ok his breechloadig rifle, and hastened away To his well.stocked preserves, there tt, shout at lih atre : Ilut, ah ! primal the squire from thence back again c Lat. 'Twas a flaw in the rifle, perhaps-I cau't tell - But it burst, knock.d him down, which explains why h1; fell. MORAL. I think sportsmen and huntsmen of every rank For this piece of advice must the undersignu, th,,nk : III the first place, don't shoot on a cold winter's day, Or for that rash act you'll the penalty paly. In the next place, don't shoot with a brceechloading gu ; If you do, a most terrible risk you will run. But why shoot with gunpowder at all, I'd ask yon, When a spring-pun, or air-guu (safe weapons), would do? And, lastly, l'd warn you the game not to kill. If you shoot, exercise on a target. your skill. Before you next shoot otherwise hesitate, And remember Squire Pothunter's terrible fate. D. Q. HOLmEs, Sho. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wor.l.) 12.-Around her couch her sorrowing friends keep watch, With bended heads, her dying words to catch ; Faintly, in accents low, but sweet in tone, A s if, not pain, but peace was here her own, She speaks, and from the eyes of friends so dear Flows the hot tears, her voice once more to hear. " Do not first mourn to see me from you ta'eda- I'm happy now. and gone is all my pain ; Next yonder side, on Canaanu's happy shore, We'll meet again, where partings all are o'er. Cease, friends, regrets of earth I ne'er must feel, When I'll first schole be in you Lald o' Leal. When sorrow thus at parting rends your Hearts, Think of the joy of her who from you parts; And, if you love her, live here as you ought To gain the crown that with His blood was bou;ght." C. R. BAnisoatJcol, 13) ker. 13.-The breeze no longer, whisp'ring, brings Love's message to my ear; The nightingale no longer sings When first's faint shades appear; No more I wander through the grove When sunset flushes red; No more I gently speak of love, And see her how her head. I hear no words to answer mine, When, passionate. I start From dreams of one whose sacred shrine Is treasur'd in my heart. Oh, what is life's dull day to me, Now I am all alone ? Like to the second of the sea, My heart must always groan. And when I roam beneath the trees Where I have roamed before, There is borne on the autumn breeze A sadness evermore. And as the whole is gathering round Night's slowly darkening shroud, I wonder if there e'er was found A heart untried, uncow'd. A. H. SCALeS. BETAGRAM. (OChange the second letter of a word to form another w~rd. 14.-Fled the day and fell the darkness, Veiling o'er the dreary aspect, Masking treacherous bog and fen- Night descended like a curtain, Hiding all from mortal ken. Sighed a lady in her chamber, Peering from the primal lattice, Searching for some hidden spot Hidden in the mantling blackne.s- "Rufen, love, why come you not?" Three times thrice the white owl hooted- Death-last of the clan of Rufen- Hooted in the tower grey; Wild, exultant, eldritch laughter Floated round, nor died away. Whisp'rings of portentons meaning Stole upon her startled hearing; Impish tidings fraught with dread, And she, moaning, cried, as falling, "Rufen, love, then thou art-dead!" Dawned the morn that brought her lover, Limbs still locked as in the death.fight, On his brow a crimson clot. Still she moaned, in anguished madness, " lufen, love, why come you not!" W. J. Snearas.