RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. LOGOGRIPH.
1.-Swift as rushing torrents flow, Swift as mighty eagles go, Swifter than thy Russian foe, Ralpho, speed thee on! Loud thy sounding firsts ring out; Loud is borne the Russians' shout; Never heed or turn about. Ralpho, speed thee on ! O'er the river's frozen face, Onward speed at lightning's pace ! Now he next a foremost place. Ralpho, speed thee on I Ah, a hut is now in sight ! Bright flames lighten up the night For Helen's last, with main and might, Ralpho, speed thee on Far thy foes are left behind, In repose now rest thy mind; Slumbers deep thy eyelids bind- Ralpho, sleep thee on I NoE NAxxE. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Fousndation Words. 2.-Where the English flag was flying O'er her monarch's golden head, The invader's hordes defying, Locust-like, around her spread. Where, such fearful odds opposing, Still the brothers stood at bay, With the Norman closing, closing, Trampling bodies in his way. Where, amid the darkness clinging, Edith trod the bitter plain, And herself upon him flinging, Wept her youthful lover slain. Cross Words. Three little maids, with mamma, to a fair Went, and saw first in profusion there. One named Katie. one named Rose, And one little maid whom my second shows. They saw a man who could next a knife Up in the air without losing his life. And then a hare, who my fourth had been To rub-a-dub-dub on a tambourine. Then a man, " Professor of next" (curtailed), Whose " startling effects" with applause were hailed. lint now my next drew on apace, And the time had come their steps to retrace. But ere they went they saw a show Where next was on view-kind of ape, you know. And now asleep on their pillows see The happy lasts of our maidens three. T. L. HrEnEY. DECAPITATION. 3.-One summer day, not long ago, Through shady woods I strayed, And there, arrayed in first, I saw A fair and beauteous maid. Across her shapely head was next A wreath of flowers fair, And as I gazed at her, I thought No fairer flower was there. The third of art was there unknown, She seemed Dame Nature's child; And as she raised her eyes to mine, She blushed and sweetly smiled. With beating heart I then advanced, Dropped on my knee, and sighed, "Oh, beauteous maid, will you be mine ?" " No, not for me !" she cried. R. GRANT. CHARADE. 4.--Third love.sick youth, behold me now, Pain at my heart, care on my brow- By Cupid stricken sore. His arrow pierced me through.the heart, As wandering by the final mart, I saw third form from theuco :dpagt, Laden with parcels four.: , Struck by her beauty aud.her grace I hurried up, with blushing face' ' My services presented. ':' But she, with mannerfirst, did sly "Your help I want not. Go awIaylr ! So second third temper far from gay My rage on air I vented. And since that day I've never seen, Though second the fourth oft have I been, The charmer of my life. But though her total was very great, Second hopes of seeing her I wait, And picture to myself, elate, This~f'fst miss as my wife. R. DoereLAs. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 5.-A penny whistle or a hurdy-gurdy Will my whole a bother, p'r'aps a riot ; But a pretty, sweet-voiced little birdie Will be heard with pleasure when 'tis quiet. Cross Words. 101 and nungu Meaning designing, Artful, and sly. 2 ,, trenugr This is resigning, Giving up. Try 500 ,, renue To make this one out, Meaning " to bear." 152 ,, aa This does, without doubt, Name a sweet fair. 2 ,, gntnhk Soliloquizing, Brooding will do. 505 ,, byereyo Now be surmising, All-even you. W. D. PICKERING. METAGRAM. 6.-I first a bridge that spans a stream Of placid treachery ; A beauteous maid, wrapt in a dream Of innocence, I see. A moment more, and next-a splash ! She's drowning ! From above The youth must, like a lightning flash, To save her in the river dash! The old, old story-love ! OxInI VIIT AMon. DOUBLE PALINDROME. 7.-The name of a sheep Here before you view; Still the same 'twill keep, If reversed by you. Please change the centre, 'Tis part of your frame, That backwards and forwards Will still read the same. CENTRAL DELETION. 8.--T. KITCHNER, BARWELL, P. M'CALL, And all ye riddlers gay, Please come and listen,.great and small, To what I've got to say. 'Tis cold here at this time of year, But go far, far away Unto my first in Asia, where It's like a summer's day. Now take away the heart aright, You'll see, when it is cold, What is, when round the fire bright, Enjoyed by young and old. LOGOGRIPH. F. T IE, 9.-I gazed upon my whole to see If it was fit to send E.D.; But first I took away the head, Then left what's never off instead; But should you now reverse the same, 'Twill give to you another name. You ask me if I'd let yoti know My last-but, ha I tell you, no. J, Sa~aEs.
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation Words. 10.-The joy that I experience as I Begin my little puzzle to elucidate Is almost like a taste of apple pie, Or, better still, the flavour of a juicy date. Therefore I'm primals as I well can be, And that, I may observe, is a fortuity, For very slight the taste that comes to me Of Nature's somewhat monstrdus fruit annuity. Not that, my gentle reader; in my breast The demon finals ever holds his station long; Such trifles do not put me to the test, Though pie.crust minus apples be my ration long. Cross Wlords. A pit or excavation 'tis expressing, sirs ; That we are never this, we'll be confessing, sirs. - His action's very often of aggression, sirs But then, of course, we know it's his profession, sirs This is (curtailed) one of the classic deities, As, probably, you'll very quickly see it is. One of the universal pomps and vanities, Which current in this wicked little planet is. A time when joy does usually predominate. And now the answer you will please denominate. PRICE AND COULSON. ROTATION CIHANGE. 11.-Our enemy, thou bringest in thy train Old age, and loads of happiness and pain. All sparkling and bright, like crystalline, In winter only thou art often seen. A city where, we're told in classic lore, Famed heroes lived and died in days of yore. A beauteous floral gem which doth appear When balmy, golden summer-time is here. A name which owned is by a sister fair, With merry, laughing eyes and golden hair. NELLIE C., Bow. ARITHMOREM. Foundation WVord. 12.-A sart of Young Folks, you will find. My primals bring before your mind; A useful part it is, to boot, Because it every taste doth suit. Cross Words. 550 and ano Below the ground This thing is found. 100 ,, e A meastire, see, My next will be. 60 ,, ate This tells, I state, Of love and hate. 10 ,, at Then this we pay, So don't say nay. 5 ,, ee A woman's name 'That's known to fame. 101 ,, hr What people are Both here and far. 1,000 ,, obo What cannon do, For next you view. 1,000 ,, o And this, I fear, Means very queer. 11 ,, to This means go out, Without a doubt. R. MONTGonnIEr. CHARADES. 13.- Down by the woods and o'er the fields Is where you'll first descry; An animal it is, I ween, And one that's very sly. My second's: black and white and grey, 'Tis made of cloth or leather, It is an article of dress For every kind of weather. My whole's a plant that's poisonous; As will be seen by you. Now find me out, I've told you all; And to, Young Folks, adieu. A. J. H. GIavAN, Colchester. 14.-My whole is a tale or story (I'm writing this for fun) ; So first, you riddlers, please reverse The past tense of " to run ;" A kind of vermin next write down-- It in the house you'll see; A place for honey next behead, Home of the busy bee. C. H. LoFTHOUSE, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. 15.-For my first a liquor find ; Transpose, it then will bring to mind Athing that we all do; Transpose again, you then will view Something that has been done by you. MATILDA RICHARDS, OMEGIUAM. 16.-You're a very sly creature, I fain must confess, But in figure you often much grace do possess; You're a second to farmers, who call you a pest, For in robbing their farmnyards you show wondrous zest. T. S. SIHAUL. DECAPITATION. 17.-He placed the first against the tree, Then gave a painful cry; He took his arm away and saw A second creeping by. BARNETT DE BEAR. BETAGRAM. 18.-Marshy ground; I'll be bound Next on every letter's found; Mark him well-yoea can tell Last's a rogue; far from him dwell. BLUCIIER, Dumfries. CURTAILMENT. 19.-Two warriors met in deadly fray, And one right quickly was laid low, The victor, ere he rode away, Did first his lifeless, prostrate foe; Across the plain he then did last, For evening's shades were falling fast. S. W. HAYEs, Worcester. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 20.-For first, a letter take from view; My second all Young Folks must do; My third a useful thing has been ; Fourth in a. pack of cards is seen; Fifth a letter take from hay. So now, dco::r riddlers, I'll say good day. If my ce, tr.ls you read aright. A useful thiud will come to sight. C. Mo.aas. SQUARE WORDS. 21.-A metal bring to sight; Below, a border quite; Just seven has man (So Shakespeare ran); On last I often write. KINDEaaATErrn, Dnmfries.