[RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAI .
St letter of 'word is ohnnged to form another word.) - b'ls sky was cloudless in jolly Kildare, w-The sblids went tripping to Brannigan Fair, -dltey bold boys to theirloved ones were callin', tbeir arms round their waists to keep them from ss most beautiful smiles shed so free, Ith best smiles that day came from Kitty Magee. iibeeeel the hope and the pride, -ai y rril, dancin' adown the hillside, ad t. .ugn' and jokin' was pleasin' to see; The maids had no care, With fine dresses to wear- Oh goy were the doin's at Brannigan Fair I Ssuitor had Kitty Mbagee, bad sworn that her slave they would be, itty bad laughed at first, wilfully scornin' t- rnd offers until that same mornin'; . ss her lovers came flookin' around, she lowered her eyes to the ground- tigh eyes they were, so tender and true, -_atchig the sky so clear and so blue; all at once, an idea she had found, For wicked and sly Was the glance of her eye, she said, "Those who catch me the love-knot may -liy she ran off as fast as a hare, ll the boys followed in Brannigan Fair; I the fond yellin', the screamin' and laughter, some youth fell down, and as others fell after i get to fighting, last cannot agree, -iwonly two race for Kitty Magee: ploels Cassidy, wealthy and trim, gsnl0ome but portionless Brian O'Lynn; -lsthe leader, fair Kitty can see, But o'er her that day Brave Love held the sway, the turned to bold Brian, whp led her away. LA 1YsTERIB. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. pehe first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) GDear Choodle, I know not your nature or name, Iknow not your stature or station ; But whether you're mistress, or master, or dame, You're a person of great penetration; Alight and a joy to the nation; A star in the midst of creation; An anegotistioal, marvellous, mystical Fear of civilization ! But, oh, my dear Choodle, although my poor nob Is mnde bright by the wisdom you carry, Iknow, ah! I know whom you mean by Sir Bob, But, then, who the blank, sir, is Harry ? And where in the world does he tarry ? And who in the world did he marry ? And how, sir, and why, sir, and where, sir, and when Did he get such a name as " old Harry " ? Yes, Choodle, I know, as I said once before, That Broad Arrow and Andrews are one; Iknow-but, oh, Choodle, what troubles me more Is the other youth named in your con.; Sotell me, please, while I think on, limw, when, why, and where has he gone P And has he nice -sisters ? and what do they wear ? And what does he flourish upon P And does he like chocolate ? and has he much hair ? And is his male parent named John ? And Choodle, old fellow, when getting this news, If he offers to make much resistance, Jast ask him, and, asking him, should he refuse, Then ask him again with persistence; Just follow him round at a distance, And plague out his very existence ; Aud i he grows furious, mad, and injurious, Don't look afraid at his bearing, But go to the first stalwart p'liceman you meet And give him in charge for hard swearing I _M'GoosnLY, Monk's Ferry. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. gethe twolas lletters of a word, to form another word.) In a knightl I'm a knight! see my helmet and plume- rusty old kettle, first straws from a broom ! At down my gauntlet-I don't care for whom. knightl I'm a knight! and the caitiff who dares to deny it had better look out or his family will soon be in mourning. Saght I'm aknight I see my steed clad in mail- uss with a tin on his elegant tail I cavalier gTese, I will make ye all quail ! shight! I'm a knight I and-how the deuce shall I end this verse? la, ha ! an idea ! Well-a-day, .ell " day . a knight I I'm a knight i but alack and alas! dack not a lass of the numbers that pass ows e'en a giggle, and yet by the mass anight of the lance, and when I join the militia I'll be a son of a gun.' a knight I'm a knight I "h, ye maids in distress ly drop me a post-card--1t me know your address, -Onm Ogres I'll save you very quickly, I guess. t i I'm a knight I and if any fair lady is anxious to b protected she had better write at once to Sin AAca'Ear DIE JUGGINS, New York City. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. Itlitter o aword is changed to form another word in the ,In iama bachelor bold, ah, ha! And so l intend to remain, 1ough by some of my friends I am told, ah, ha ! ltsuch a resolve is quite vain Forhe maident who angle for men, oh, ho I Snow grown in numbers so great; letir them atch me if they can, oh, hol Teir endeavours I coolly await. e, I am abachelor bold, he, he! Iie in a parlour so snug, i that old-fashioned flea who, we're told, he, he I eoided ssome time in a rug. n moke I can sing, I am free, ah, hal ,a t monarch in my little way- h Noymneal fetters for me, ah, ha 'm abahelor joly and gay A. AMBERLEY AND R. L. JEFFERSo. NARRATIVE DUA.OMEGRAM. tiwaret two nnd last letters of a word to form another , oia. expressed in the narrative.) "_'In the back.yard oh, the tom-cats, o ow they howl ohe whole night long I None can tell the pangs I suffer S they soreech their midnight song. a. the moon is brightly shining, Odi the stars are twinkling too rT long to stop their whiuing- '-ere they go, mow-row-ew.ew I h the back.yard; oh, the tom-cats' L tiOn y forms are often seen; - ose bones before this week's out will vent my deadly spleen. hor bheast ith rage is burting, \ Ohet had better quickly flee, r .necks 'll soon be wringing- afor them, \lut gjood for me. : ssa . JOHNBhR A,-D LPYso .
NARRATIVE META.PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one of a wordl to form another word. expressed in the narrative.) 6.-I vos a leedle German, But I vos not so stronk; Und since I come from Munich, Id vos not pe so long. I caste on board de shteamer, Vich valked across de vaves, But I vos not so happy, Dot poat did pad pehaves. Und since I left de vater, I has not to drink peer, Nor eat mine luffly sausage- Id makes my life so drear. Und ven I pass de pie-shops, Dot alvays smell so sveet,1 I find id hard to journey Along do perfumed street. De leedle poys, dey holler, "Oh, Schneider, where's your fat P' Id makes me box dere faces, Und dey vos dot likes dat. Von day I peeps through railings, De lufliy Thames to view; A ladee who vos passing, Screamed, " Mind, or you'll fall through." I dinks dose eyes will ne'er see Mine faderland no more; Oh, pray pe kind to Otto, His heart does feel so sore. My only joy is smoking De pipe I luff so veil; If all de vorlds vos offered, Dot pipe I vould not sell. Oh, dear, I vos so mixstup, I don't know vet to do; I hat been padly frightened, Mine hair is turning plue. Last night I vos pe smoking, So peaceful, cool, and calm; Oh, I vos feel so happy, Und thought to do no harm. I puff smoke through de vindow To kill de flies on fern; Und pleeceman see it curling, Und thought de place vos purn. He run to fetch de fireman, I still sit in same place, When, splosh I ugh ! dirty vater Svilled vishkers off my face ! F. JOHNSON, Manchester. META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last but one or a word, to form another word.) 7.-Oh, brave and warlike Mercian, We read thy bold demand, And in thy cause we break our laws, For in thy cause we stand, For thee alone our lances first, And are at thy command. And if perchance Queen Marion Thy bold demand resist, Then in thy cause we'll break our laws When other knights desist, For thee alone our lances firat, And last in every list. But if our fair Queen Marion To thy request accede, And in thy cause we've broken laws, We hope we shall not bleed For plotting 'gainst Queen Marion's throne, A vile.(?) and trait'rous deed. E. J. SCHOFIELD AND H. E. ENGLISH. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The finalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. B.-The rain is descending in plentiful showers As an obstinate gamp we are raising, And this the prelude to those " bright summer hours" Which our light-headed bards are praising 1 We've rain and we've snow, and a few storms of hail, Which speedily drive us to cover, To listen to folks who our climate bewail- Why, never, the storm's given over I The sun smiles again, and we quickly disperse, But scarcely believe it's not raining, And hoping 'gainst hope-here it comes tenfold worse I But what is the use of complaining ? Let's calmly await for what blessings we get (To survive all, perhaps, is a wonder), And strive to imagine, when slightly we're wet, We're glad it's not lightning and thunder. Cross lWords. Mayhap our first quite soon you'll name, It is a portion of our frame. To Afric's sunny land if you should go, You'd find our second, as no doubt you'll know. A coin that was used before our time Will give the word that's wanted for this rhyme. An instrument that's handled by M.D.'s, 'Twill not surprise us if you trace with ease. Our fifth was written by a prophet old, A good man he-at least, so we are told. The title of next is well-known to you all, And riddlers who've read it the same can recall. A lady's name, transposed, you here will place; And homeward now we will our steps retrace. J. STOCKS AND E. GEORGE. Foundation Words. 9,-What my firsts and finals show, That's what you are left to find; But I'll tell you, as I know, Puzzles' names are in my mind. Cross Words. 'Tis a pretty female name, Letters four containi the same. This is where we wish to go When we die-remember so. 'Tis a pretty female name, Letters three contain the same. This is what the bells will do When your marriage day is through. What we could not live without; You have heard of it, no doubt. 'Tis a pretty female name, Letters four contain the same. This tree in your garden stands, Spreads its branches o'er your hands, C. F. BLACKBURN. ACROSTIC. A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foendation Word. 10.-My sprimals read from top to bottom, And you very soon will see A noted feature of our paper- S Much liked, I know, 'twill ever be. Cross Wordts. This we must all become as years go on; 'Tis this the earth derives from moon and sun That this is rash and headstrong, some folk say; .This is, if fair, a joyous time of day; And this is surely ildanned in summer-time; A ftoid this I'm using for my rhyme; Now for the ldf just take an English town, As watering resort 'twill win renown. C. HOLLowAY.
DOUBLE METAGRAM. (Change the first letters of two words to form two other words.) 11.--Now that Winter's the beginning of his yearly journey taken, "Peace be with him in his travelling," say I; And I'm glad that first fine morning we shall pleasantly awaken, Seeing Summer over land, and sea, and sky We've had enough of Winter, and of Spring itself, I'm thinking, For it seems to me that Winter didn't pack His traps and take his hook without a great deal too much slinking, And he left some days behind him in his track; Then sprung up in the Springtime days of every cofidition,ni Cold, warm, and dry, and third of every kind; Till sometimes it appeared that Spring had quite forgot his mission, And to act the part of Winter was inclined. But that has quickly vanished, and I'm sure we're glad it's over, For we can well enjoy ourselves once more; Strike acquaintanoe with Dame Nature, each declare himself her lover, Kneeling at her grace's footstool to adore; For the nights are long and balmy, and the heat is growing greater, The holidays are coming swift and sure; So now for mirth and pleasure, each will not be a " dumb waiter," But for inertness take a perfect cure; Such spanks among the heather, such breezy easy ram. bles O'er dale and hill, o'er valley, mead, and plain, And if we grow fatigued, or last some awkward falls and scrambles, Why, we lose in thought of pleasure all the pain. Such pleasant picnic parties by the river or the highway, Such laughing and such merriment and fun; Such strolling and such hiding down each pretty wood. land byway, Where quietness and bliss complete is won; Oh, trees, and dells, and fiow'rets, could you only speak, I wonder What tales would make the blushes second and go, Of those ones who were sitting your pleasant shade right under, When nothing is at hand but you, you know; But 'tis better as it is I think for every one connected That you should be as dumb as you can be, For if you're dumb with others, why, the thing's to be expected, You'd certainly be silent, too, with me. Ah, Summer, you are beautiful, the thing there's no denying, And I'll take from you the pleasure that I may ; So stay with us while e'er you can, such pleasantness supplying, And I will bless you when you've gone away; For go away you will, you know, although you linger round us, While other places wait till you appear; Then you'll lovingly relax the tender grasp with which you've bound us, And hasto away to quite another sphere. But your memory shall still be kept deep in our hearts' recesses, To stay there while you're gone and blossom green, And while we bear the greatest power that Winter dark possesses, We'll think of that which shall be and has been. IVANHOE, Belfast, METAGRAM. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-Mephistopheles sat in his second-hand chair, And he flushed clear away to the roots of his hair. "'Tis two years," said he, "since I happened to see My demons return from a right merry spree, And I then understood that our outlook was good; 'Tis time once again our affairs we reviewed." First, heading the column, Dyspepsia came, With his comrade Consumption, a widely.known name. " We've been rather busy," he snickered, "just now, We've hardly had time to look first us, I vow; We've given out lots of quack doctors' receipts, Patent medicisie puffs, which line all the streets We've a drug which rheumatics will cure in a trice, Yet which conjures up gout, and is not very nice ; There's an ointment to take away that in one dose, Result is a fever, as you may suppose ; Then a fluid to cool you and cure you again, But the fever goes higher, and flies to the brain. Then the coroner finds that the dead man, of course, Died from natural causes-grim joke on the corse I" "'Tis well," cried Mephisto : " your wages are highered I" And grinning and smirking, the worthies retired. Then Turmoil came in with Destruction and Ruin, And Death, who had taken of folks not a few in. Said Turmoil, " King Mepho, we greet you again. I am happy to say we're as busy as rain; We've got a grand scheme now on hand, you must know- The destruction of London by Ruin and Co. Our comrades, the French, hive been aiding us well With their new patent rifle and dynamite shell; We have other small matters just now to dispose of, Such as upsetting Russia, which no one yet knows of; We'll show you some fun at our next exhibition !" And out skipped the band on their merciful mission. "'Tis well," cried Mephisto, "'tis better and better. Lord Robert, just write to my Young Folks a letter: I want to see Mitchell, and Forrester, too, Just tell them to come here without more ado. They should stick to the old names and stick to them tight, Not alter their titles with each con. they write- Not e'en at the wish of a bogus Mephisto, And that not a knight, but a miscreant miss, too, Who, if I mistake not, is known just at present To her dear second self, Nellie Watson, of Cheshunt. And now, ere you start on your earthward-last journey, We'll drink the success of Young Folks and the' Tour. ney." So, leaving them all in this humour agreeable, Iremain, yours for ever, LORD ROBERT LE DIABLE. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word it the narrative.) (To a Lamp-post.) 13.-Oh, friend of the weary, the mainstay of hope, Support of the beery, none with you can cope The best friend to mankind when steering for home- For keeping us upright as homeward we roam. A tribute I'd pay to your far-reaching arm, Which hastens to save us when seized with a qualm; For fearing to fall we clhng fast-'tis a boast-- To our deep-rooted saviour-our friend, the lamp-post. The clock points to one, and we long for our beds, The end of our fun is an ache in our heads; 'Tis time we were home, but we ask with dismay, How are we to reach it ? we don't know the way 1 When, bright as a beacon, a gaslight is seen. We reach home; our friends ask us where we have been, We sigh, as we murmur of chicken and toast, And our guiding star homeward-our friend, the lamp. post. APosrRoPzm', Lambeth. MIONOPHONE. J (Words of different meaning. but tihe same in sound.) 14.-She was my primal when I wooed, And when I won my pattern, My Ibtel, when in after days I found she was no slattern. g E. J. Scor~.Dn, horbnry, d
ENIGMAS. 15.-In our mansion of delight oft there frisks a wicked sprite, One whose changeful hues and light are the grandest things of night; Cometh he from skies of blue oft with something fresh and new To embellish and imbue aught our brains and pens may do. And his visitations lean, never few nor far between, To engage in mimic spleen, and to beautify "our queen." Oft he skippeth in at day, merry as the bees in May, Full of harmless fun and play, driving sorrow from our way. Oftener at eventide doth the imp, ungracious, glide Down " the channel" which in pride 'fore our thoughts he diggeth wide, But the path our seeing meets full it is of gay conceits, That among its countless streets we " get lost," and lose their sweets. Even now this rogue so fair, imp subservient wheresoe'er Seeming lightness we do share, taggeth at the nose and hair; Half our ev'ry-day convictions pale beneath his quaintest fictions, And his endless styles and dictions win us to his soft in- fictions. Phantoms pass before our gaze, too imjnersed to know amaze, For the dreamlands of his says brighter are than poet's bays; Giveth he but little rest till each ever-welcome guest Is constrained to laugh, and e'en jest, at the keen wit of those so blessed. For to all intents and ends we're the very best of friends. Yet we hope he always sends his help that sometimes rends, For he maketh it our portion to see things in wild distortion. Is he not a rude old " Faust 'an " ? and his tyranny a caution P AMY DENNY AND VIOLET DAvIeS. 16.-Bristolia's mart did innocence beguile, The patron lured thee with deceptive smile; Too late the empty bauble of sweet praise Disclosed the guerdon offered thee for lays. 'Twas Southey loved thee, though he loved thee late- Too late to save thee from thy tragic fate; Brief life was thine, and yet thou livedst it well- How sadly sweet thy rapturous strains may tell. Sorrow first taught thee to attune the lyre, Ambition guileful bid thee to aspire; Thy forward mind held forth a glowing chart, Which proved, alas I how faithless is the mart, A garret reared thee, and thy dreamful brood Sold for a pittance far too scant for food ; Thy hopes, thy courage, and thine aims were high, Though cloyed by want and stern necessity. Dark was the hour that urged thee to despair, The sequel to a life that dawned so fair; Oft perish talents unperceived, unknown, That strive to struggle to the light alone. H. Cox, Birkenhead. 17.-Of varied shapes and forms I'm always to be seen, Often on the smoothest lawns, Or on the village green. I'm in the rocky mountain pass, Likewise in every yard; I'm not in iron, wood, nor brass, And yet I'm awful hard. I'm very often 'neath your feet, For oft on me you walk; And often when your head I meet, Folks hear some noisy talk. E. J. SCHOFIELD (Horbury) AND E. W. ARITHMOREM. (An acrosti. Theletters of rosas words that are Roman numerals expressed in fgures.) Ftundatioen Word. 18.-When the eastern sky is glowing, When the dewy breeze is blowing, When the kine are softly lowing, And the darksome night is sped, When the lark with blithesome warning Soars aloft to greet the morning, Sluggard sleep and dull earth scorning, Primal rears its kingly head. Cross Words. 1,001 and gunnoer Sign of sorrow, Heartfelt woe. 150 ,, une Those who borrow To him go. 50 ,, tees Early winter's Snowy rain. 100 ,, thehat This makes splinters Fly amain. 1,051 ,, er Find it hidden In this rhyme. 550 ,, agoe When we're chidden By old Time. 51 ,, goeng Staring, eying, Smirks and smiles. 1,501 ,, ena Fond last, sighing, Heart beguiles. R. Monaus . CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of whlch is a word.) 19.-To start a paper was my aim, The first I didn't know; At that next I could not start, and, Besides, the funds were low. So then a shop I thought I'd have, It was quite whole at first, But to make it into a big store I inwardly did thirst. S. DE BEAR. 20.-My first in Englishman is found; Second you ne'er should buy in a poke; Third's an animal, I'm bound; Whole's a witticism or joke. C. F. BLACsKBURN.