RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. LOGOGRIPH.
1.-Horatio Mould was a bachelor old, With little good sense, but plenty of gold; His heart, I've been told, was callous and cold, And he third second loved, save a little pug dog, As corpulent quite as a prize-medal hog. But second hot day, when, as people say, The dog had first mad (hydrophobia it had), It, out of sheer spite, took a very large bite At Mr. Mould's calf, and a loud doggish laubh It gave, as it fled up the street with quite h.. The flesh off the leg of poor Mr. Mould, Who over the carlept in agony rolled, As he bellowed, " I beg somebody will run And fetch me a surgeon." "You've third cause to urge on Me to run, for I'm off, like a shot from a gun." Thus his footman replied, as l.e put on his hat, Then trod on the cat, and fell over the mat, As he madly rushed out, with a shriek and a shout, And soon reached the surgeon's, and told him about The bite, and bade him come and see Mr. Mould, Or he was afraid (for he never was bold) That he, too, would go mad, an occurrence so sad That he wept as be ran swiftly after the man Of medicine, bandages, splinters and pills, Which in second short hour could cure all the world's ills. But, alas I when they reached Mr. Mould's lordly hall, And the door opened wide in response to the call Of knocker and bell, oh, awful to tell I Mr. Mould had first mad, and had off of a shelf A carving-knife taken, and eaten hiuelfl I MueeINs AND JUGGINB. DECAPITATION. 2.-Day second fast declining, and the earth was wrapped in gloom, Whilst the silence of the tomb Filled each rat.infested room, Ahd huge monsters, forms infernal, from the darkness seemed to loom, For the castle, fast decaying, there in crumbling ruins stood On the hill-top, overlooking from its height a dreary wood. Darker grew the night and denser, till it, like a funeral pall, Hung around the castle wall And the forest oak trees tall, When, from out his place of hiding, there began in stealth to crawl, With a motion slow and steady, with a caution truly great, An ugly monster, bearing two black horns upon its pate. But although first small; first mighty, this unearthly creature, for, Whilst an air of ease it wore, On its back it proudly bore Its own dwelling, third it walked, half in, half out the private door. And behind it left a track where'er it drew its little tail. Then the moon shone forth, revealing-oh, ye gods l-a slimy snail I CoussoN AND ADCOC. SMETAGRAM. 3.-Some people are first with a soul for complaining; They look for the next when 'tis only the noon- Go groaning, and, when it is silently raining, Most sadly predict that 'twill thunder full soon. But we will not follow their doleful example- Life is short, and it passes too quickly away. Away with all sorrow I A fig for to.morrow I We've only to think of the passing to.day. If sorrows should come, we will not begin groaning- They will come, spite of all the hard words we may say; And what is the use of the wailing and moaning When wailing and moaning won'tdrive them away P Fate has marked out our life's course-what is to be, will be; If pounds are to be pounds, they will not be pence. Show a front right heroic-bear the woe like a Stoico 'Twill be all the same, boys, a century hencel Don't fancy that Providence marked you for woe, boys, Nor think that of unlucky wretches you're worst. There were brave men before Agamemnon, and so, boys, There were unlucky people before you were first. Don't think that the last scene of life's a misfortune' The world it is third-man must go back to earth. Fast fleeting his breath is, then why say his death is A greater misfortune, my boys, than his birth P We will live and be happy, and never despair, boys, And do all the good that we can here below, So that we may live in that higher place where, boys, 'Tis fondly predicted there's never a woe. Fate has marked out our life's course-what is to be, will be; And while others are dolefully mourning, we'll say- Away with all sorrow I A fig for to-morrow I We've only to think of the passing to-day. T. CRIsP, Leyton. OMEGRAM. 4.-A word which means a dwelling-place; Please change its tail-if done aright, The floors and furniture and walls Will vanish clean out of your sight, And leave you but the ceiling. Once more change tail, the ceiling, too, Departs, and in its place you'll view What you will find on every tree. Now I will make my bow, and you The answer '11 be revealing. T. P. DOTCHno. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 5.-If 3, 4, 5 are traced aright, A head cov'ring will come to sight; When you have found 1, 4, 3, 2, A river fish you then will view; In 1, 2, 8, and 12 you'll find A man of a religious kind. A Christian name in 12, 4, 9- But this I'll say, it is not mine; An animal in 3, 4, 7; A little word in 12, 11. Now, it is really true that you A verb will see in 1, 6, 2; If 5, 6, 12 are read aright, A wild beast's home will come to sight; Correctly read, my 6, 1, 4 'Ll disclose a name which I adore; Again, before it is too late, Another find in 4, 1, 8. In whole a riddle you will view; That's often guessed, no doubt, by you. AGRIPPA. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 6.-Ye knights of our good riddle page, How often do we find My primal when we do engage In fights of every kind. Cross Waords. For this I hope that you will see A very common kind of tree. For next a fruit of great renewn, So find it quick and put it down. What scholars all are sure to do, In third, I hope, you now will view. This is a partial, cruel jade For gamesters only it was made. A kind of overcoat, you know An Irish county, too-just so I This meaneth boldness, I declare I hope with YoungFolks it is rare. This is the earth, the wind, the sky, Or anything. So now, good.bye. R. MoBToox1EaR. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. 7.-Oh, Frederick I oh, Frede ek I you are anaughty boy, Who'd first that you would spoil so soon that most amusing toy ? It was- What's this ? The next you've spilt. This really is too bad. You're always doing something wrong, you naughty, naughty lad. A, J. HLTON.
OMEGRAM. 8.-Poor Jane has travelled all the day, From early first till evening grey; The train has shaken her to bits, And dazed her somewhat scanty wits. Now the fatigue and danger's past, She says she ne'er will journey last. LOTTIE W., Brighton. CENTRAL ADDITTON. 9.-When I sit deep in mystical study, Of pity a hapless deserver, The fire casts its glow, bright and ruddy, On a Parian first of m inerva. And when in the midst of a column I pause, to rebellion incited, She seems to look dre:dtnily solemn, And, I fancy, imagines she's slighted! But then, perhaps, beautiful Pallas is Unacquainted with decimal fractions, Which. I often inform her, are fallacies, Whilst those verbs, with their countless di,rac. tious, Would wrinkle the brow of a martyr. And then music's grand, I'mu aware, too; But there's one quite too awful cantata I can't play-in fact, never caro to I Ah, even great Wisdom's fair goddess, Did she live in these ages enlightened, When extended o'er earth Learning's rod is, Would, I venture to say, feel quite frightened ! And when into anger I second, I'm confident she would excuse me, If on " latter.day " knowledge she'd reckoned, And how all those volumes confuse me. Still, when from the pathway of learning Or wisdom-I'd fain be a swerver, I seek inspiration by turning To that pale statuette of Minerva. NELLIE C., BOW. METAGRAM. 10.-Young Jones, an enterprising youth, Designed a little plan Of making first (yes, that's the truth) When he became a man. Said he, " There is a proverb old- ' Take care of all your pence;' Then pounds accumulate, I'm told, In very few years hence. "Now, if this proverb should be true, I'll start at once to save- Deny my pleasures, turn a screw, And then the world I'll brave." So, thus resolved, a box he bought To put his money in, And hastened home because he thought Hoe must at once begin. And one by one the pennies came, Accumulating there; At last, so heavy it became, Scarce any room to spare. " Well filled, indeed, this box of mine," Quoth he. " How pleased I am I started this idea in time ! I'll ne'er be a next man." Now years have rolled, he's grown a man, And, oh, sad fate to tell I Now just conceive it, if you can, What this old Jones befell. He'd saved-wise youth-his little all, Denied himself his bread; A miser he became, withal- And now he's lying dead I And o'er his tomb 'tis painted blue, On stone of milky white, "Man's rich with little." If you knew But this, 'twould bring delight. L. HAMILTON. ENIGMA. ll.-I'm a word of meanings many, All of which have oft been told. Young Folks, try if you can any Of those meanings now unfold. I divide your music fairly From commencement to the end; I'm a hindrance met with rarely (So I hope) by yen, my friend. I'm a lot of lawyers portly; In an inn I'm sure to be; Prisoners, too, I'll tell you shortly, When on trial, stand by me. In the harbour I have been, too, But a bank of sand when there; And before the fire I'm seen, too, If you choose to look elsewhere. Now, of hints I've given plenty, Though some others I could tell; But my lines are almost twenty, So at last I'll say farewell. DIANA R. O'D. DECAPITATIONS. 12.-'Twas a sunshiny morn-I remember it well- We cautiously wandered through forest and dell, And made for the orchard of old Farmer Brown, Whose fine luscious fruit was the talk of the town. Our pockets well filled, we stole back to the school In dread, for we knew we had broken the rule ; We knew, too, last fate if we should be observed- A fate, I regret to say, too well deserved. But no, unobserved, we all entered with speed, And quickly prepared for our ill.gotten feed. The apples were first, which we'd not contemplated, But we ate till our appetites fully were sated. Ah, well I remember the pain we endured, What mixtures we drank, too, before we were cured I 'Tis needless to say, after those weeks of pain, We ne'er went to pilfer an orchard again. BARNETT DE BEAR. 13.-Thb vessel is striving to breast that rough sea, Though waves, in their fury, dash round her in glee, As we from the shore in the first of night see. She strives all in vain, for those perilous rocks Now gore her strong sides, with unmerciful shocks; The fierce, angry wind at her pain only mocks. Again she does second once more o'er the wave, Then sinks, and there's none can her shattered form save; Her crew, too, will find 'neath the ocean their grave! T. S. SHAUL. CENTRAL DELETION. 14.-There are first when we are merry, very frolicsome and jolly; There are first when we are dreary, weary, dull, and melancholy : For to.day we may be happy, but grief cometh on the morrow- For Ihve's next may all be broken, and our hearts be faill of sorrow. Let the stronger help the weaker when he sees the latter fainting, And such deeds will be remembered, though notfamedin print and painting. T. SrOrn.