RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. ENIGMAS.
1.-" Bright electric lamps were gleaming - rilliantly as eastern gems," Sang the poet as he sauntered By the grand, romantic Thames. Twas a very touching song, sir, But of notions I've a few, And you never would have sung it If I had not promptud you. Ah! 'tis true, It was I who prompted you I "Softly ringing, sweetly ringing, Are the village evening chipes, Happy recollections bringing To my mind of bygone times, Sang another well.known poet; But I laugh with selfish glee, For he never could have sung it If it had not been for me. Don't you see P He repeated it through me ! ", How I love dear little children Whan tllhy're Jorty miles away " Still another singer warbled On a well-remembered day. Do not think me egotistic, You whom I address to-night, Bat believe me-oh, believe me, It w,:s I who made you write. Honest quite, It was I who made you write. " O'er the gentle, gliding ocean Pours the sun its mellow beams, SWhile the good ship Orientus Through the track ess water streams," Sang another; but I fancy You will think me very vain, But you really have to thank me For that truly pleasing strain. Yes, 'tis plain- Thank me for that sweet refrain. MARION L. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 2.-~ly power is mighty, that you will concede; Iknown no rival, everything I lead; I cause misfortune, aye, and fortune, too, And by my power all things are brought to view. I e'en spread slander, virtues vivify, 1 teach you how to live, nud how to die; I cause much pleasure, equally much pain, I am a source of ruin, and of gain. I show Dame Nature in her fairest dress, And even fearful wars I can repress. But, stay-enough !-I am of letters three- Say, tuoughtful reader, can you now guess me ? B. D. M., Glasgow. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. top the irst letter of a word. leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 3.-Ilft behind me the end-faced city, And found, where Nature dwelt light and free, Astreamlet, laughing in mirthful music, Went rambling by in its careless glee. To its joyous music, the sunbeams danced With the happy waters in merry sport; All things were charming, and bright, and gay, Por 'twas glad Nature's own royal court. I went again; but the streamlet, rushing In boundless fury, raved madly by, And Nature's face looked all wild and angry, And overhead was an angry sky. 'Tis thus with life; as a summer scene One day is bright, ere the morrow morn Comes blasting sorrow like Winter's storm, And the head is bowed, and the heart is torn. QUIr. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. eletters of two words are transposed, and form other words in the narrative.) 4,-Sunmer is here with its glitter and glory, Trees bowed with leafage of every tint, lies that are azure and clouds that are hoary, Waters that in the light mantle and glint. Cawing of rooks on slow winunowing pinion, Chanting of birds that on every hand Tell of the summer-queen's sultry dominion Over the parching bhut rose-sprinkled land. Oh, could I rove by some cool, foaming fountain Shadewed by myrtles, or lazily lie On the smooth side of some green, breezy mountain, Watching the clouds like white swans sailing by; Or where the blue sea is joyously roaring. To sit in the shade on some heath-covered down, Where on high gaily the sea-birds are soaring I- Anywhere but in this dull, smoky town. MAensi HomE. NARRATIVE METAGRARMS. Sfirst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the narratave.l -Apuzzle, ye riddlers, I'm going to write On a really original theme, s00ith your permission I now will begin: "OV love is as fair as a dream " Ohl tb~t will not do, for it can't be called fresh. Here another beginning I'll make : "How fondly I've wished that once more I were ton'e "- nla l that line's oft made msl eyesight ache. "See th daisy, small flower, that lies nestling there P Oh!eald that our lives were as pure as it"- Oh! tht is not new. Here, I've got something now : T wore better to die"- Not a bit I That's quito stale; but one other endeavour I'll make: "I'd like to live ever in dreams" h, bother I I'll lay down the pen in disgust, or there's nothing unhackneyed, it seems I T. ROYSTON, Sheffield. "-r Solitude I love thee. Oh, how sweet T roam in woodlands where soft zephyrs blow- "Or l with nature in some lone retreat, Orlist the music of the streamlet's flow, ý 0£s. gle us of silver from the vale below herh through the mazes of th' o'erarching trees; ere~birds. as if inspired by heavenly glow, Bd str th sweet notes to mingle with the breeze ft str the glen into a heavenly choir Oretle voices sounding sweet aundclear ! .Whi~ aould not such glorious Strains admire, lest fall with vernal sweetness on the ear ? Bltitein oite, would I could ever roam 'it1in thy haunts, and call those haunts my home. D. Scour, Newtongrange. rr LOGO GRIPH. tin e my he trbeated as a metagram, deoapitation, dele- aoetra ) sption, but leas lves a perfect word after each slevieer green, as you all know; That- hutage a useful thing 'twill show u'besed ia every house, both great and small, ,inme Cottage, or in lordly hall; A ltb5 sirs letter, and you then will see iastleternme for order rank, degree eseero this caange, a kind of rattle Oftal5.. that's heard when foes engage in battle. isPlteW this, you w see a part lao weapon that makes horses smart. a de.. a -,pliate then there wil be al very weu.known treq, IVaCNHO, Belfast.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed o: the initial letters of other words.) ( Foundation Word. 8.-I've roamed fair England's sunny fields- Can happy scenes recall; But none to me such pleasure yields As this fair town of Gaul. I've trod its dim cathedral aisle, Scanned many a noble view; Then with a sad and tearful smile, I bade its shores adieu. Cross Words. An English manufacturing town Which has steadily gained its way to renown. In this our Young Folks poets meet, With skill and ardour to compete. I comprise the heavens, earth, and sea; None hath measured or compassed me. A city of world-wide fame- You'll quickly guess its name. Come quickly and guess me once more; I've puzzled you often before. A rich and luscious fruit is seen, Sometimes purple, sometimes green. Some I make sad, and some I make gay; I'm watched for by hundreds every day. I bid you a hearty good day ; This has come-I must hasten away. CLAnSH BOEHIER. Foundation Word. 9.-Though thou art dead, thou wondrous son of fame, Thy deeds are living, and will live for aye; We honour, and will o'er revere your name, And never will the lustre of it die. When Britain menaced was by mighty foes, You saved her by one gallant, brilliant deed; Your mind superior to danger rose, Yours was the nature destined man to lead. For though thy form was not commanding, still, The majesty and pow'r of thy great will Did mark thee out as leader 'mongst thy kind; The grosser part of man gave way to mind. Thou wert no foeman, cruel, and harsh, and base, For mercy in your heart e'er found a place. Cross Words. Oh I I must third thee, sweetheart; Dofirst grieve that we must part, For I to thee will second be most true. And when from fifth the fourth wide I come to make you my bride, Last one shall ever part me then from you. S. B. LAWRENCE. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials. formu a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 10.-My first doth name a place most dear- There's no place like it far or near. My second, when a gentle sway, We all should willingly obey. At present, when they are combined, These words convulse the public mind. Cross Words. A youth whose name will never (lie While young folks love a Christmas pie. A metal compound, we are told. That bears a semblance strong to gold. It guarded knights in former days, And now our letters safe conveys. It names the time when daylight dies, And oft was heard in Paradise. W. D. B, Foundation Words. 11.-This follows that, and that follows this; Which of them comes first ? Riddlers, guess. Cross Words. They're on the sea, the stormy sea, Where the good ships ride so gallantly. We said D. Gow wrote his cons. second, And found that we had rightly reckoned, Within our " Tournament" we know Our Ed. no third will ever show. We bid adieu to mirth and chat: Too solemn this is for all that. A golden coin. It proudly soars on high, Emblem of power. It twinkles in the sky. Of men and trees last can be made; The schoolboy looks to it for aid. Tan SrNTAX TwiNs. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllabhle o whichlo is a word.) 12.-When some fond youth is deep in love, He tells his sorrows to the grove, And thinks his case the very worst; But should the fair one deign to smile, Soon he will change his pensive style, Declaring that she is my first. Emboldened by the smile so bland, Should he solicit her fair hand, in Or boldly steal a soft embrace, Sudden, a swift, suffusing blush Will through each burning feature rush, And like my second make her face. If wedlock binds the happy pair, They bid adieu to cank'ring care And instantly become my whale; For father, mother, brother dear, re Are not as man and wife so near, Closest relations of the soul. E. JOHNSON. 18.-When the voice of my first is heard, Confusion fills the land, And gallant soldiers issue forth To follow his command. e: My next in a carpenter's shop Is ever seen, I trow; A city on the Continent The two combined will show. W. PICKERINO, Priestfleld. 14.-My first is a blow of so gentle a kind, None ever resent it or bear it in mind; My next is a scene of confusion and strife, And the actors therein often forfeit their life; My whole, with unshaken integrity crowned, Is seldom, alas I in these days to be found. C. HUNTER. 15.-My first is a word often seen at a sale; To find here a pronoun I'm sure you can't fail; For whole you will all on a flower alight: Now, please try your hardest to solve this aright. J. STOCKS, Lambeth. e. 16.-My hirsnt a word impartial means; Last winter next I saw; My total's what I hope to get If e'er I go to law. DEAcncaEs . ale- ach 17.-My first in Derbyshire is found; My neat, according to the sound, Order or tumult doth imply; My whole has wings wherewith to fly. G. S~a. 18.--"It is seventeen years since my pimal took place, And to.last is my total," said she; And she smiled such a smile with her sweet, winning face, And invited me kindly to tea. J. S. GcFawca, Pickering. 19.-Myfirast is a shell-fish found in the deep sea; My second's a blockage in rivers, you'll see; My whole is the place where my first's sure to be. b. H. Ma1Sa, Birmingham.
DUAGRAMS. Obange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 20.-Once foreign scenes were my delight- 27, I revelled in descriptive lore; But toleration's taken flight And vanished since one ill-starred night My sister caught the mania for F( That thought.absorbing " Continong." All day the subject haunts my ear, And when the shades of even come E She thinks it wonderfully queer I do not still desire to hear, Iut flee in apprehension from That phantom of the Continong. O0 And when at night I fain would sleep, She's rapturous o'er the self-same theme, Nor hears nor heeds me plead and weep, But wide awake for hours will keep Bi Me, till she falls asleep to dream Of visiting the Continong. Museums, firsts, art galleries, B The spoils of second, quaint and rare, The beauties of Paul Veronese, The wonders of Praxiteles- All these and more I have to bear In discourse on the Coetinong. E Across the shining " silver thread" From Folkestone Pier she once set out, And in B3oulogne twelve long hours sped. Ah, me l that trip quite turned her head, For ever since she's talked about " Our travels on the Continong." She'll slacken pace and watch for hours A swarthy.featured organ.boy, Replacing him by Fancy powers In fair Italia's perfumed bowers, And murmuring in ecstatic joy, "He's lived upon the Continong." AMY BOEMER. 21.-He is comely, she is fair- They've been boy and girl together- She has sunny, rippling hair, He is bronzed by wind and weather. He has heart so good and true, And a smile like sunshine beaming; She has eyes of deepest blue, With a sapphire brilliance gleaming. But she droops their snowy lids, Oh, so shyly, so demurely I Maiden modesty forbids Eyes to meet a lover's, surely I So he thinks and tells her now All that well-worn, pretty story, Dyeing lily cheek and brow With a rose's crimson glory. " Nay, my first I next," she sighs, " Long ago to younger lover; Fairer faced, with shyer eyes, Than in you, sir, I discover, And him only will I wed." Then she laughs that he grows paler Ere her jest he's rightly read. 'Tis himiself, her own true sailor. RosA B. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, lovring another word.) 22.-A small boy sat at his desk in school On a lovely summer's day, When the sun shone bright through the open door, And the earth was glad and gay. The small boy's face it was dull and set, And his brow wore an ugly frown; And he thrust his hands with an angry air Through his curly locks so brown. And he inwardly chased at the puzzling sum Which was on the slate before him, And which had done for the last half hour Its utmost might to bore him. At last the small boy rose in wild despair, With flushed and tearful face and rumpled hair; And in a hesitating voice and shamed, Thus to the worthy schoolmaster exclaimed : "There, sir! I've dne it o'er and o'er again I I'm sure the times I've worked it number ten; I've added and subtracted, multiplied. Divided, cancelled, till I've almost cried. The figures all have danced before my sight In my endeavours, sir, to first it right; I cannot do it-that is very plain." " John," said the master, " try and try again ; Do not give up, my boy-don't conquered be: 'Faint heart noe'er won fair lady,' do you see ? You say you've done this sum ten times to-day; Go back and do it once again, I pray." The small boy went to his desk once more At a quick and lasfing pace; And he sat before that awful sum With a calm, determined face. And he added up and he jotted down, And he cancelled and divided. And e'er the bell for lunch had rung, His doubt had all subsided. And when he went to the master's side, With the answer all quite plain, "See now," said the latter, cheerfully, " What it.is to try again." MAaoex E. DsNNY, Roscrea. 23.-Halt I Stand at ease I Your expression, if you please, Must be altogether military5 Pray first be dilatory Obeying commands like these! And when you fight, Be sure and prove your might; It really would look queer For a British Volunteer To do what's not quite right. Attention! Quickly spring (Let's hear no murmuring) : A soldier in the ranks Should be second free from pranks And all that kind of thing. But, ay ! it is no fun When the foe is two to one. In that most distressing case, Tuck your trousers up and race- 'Tis best to cut and run I GUNNER B., Hove. 24,-At my primal I am seated, And my brain is overheated, And the music (?) of a fiddle Echoes in the street below. All the world seems sad and dreary, And my mind with thought is weary, For I strive to pen a riddle, If the truth you wish to know. I would write a puzzle pretty, Sentimental, wise, or witty. If I had some inspiration ? If I was a poet ? No ! Them-, you have not rightly reckoned, 'Tis-if I was only seconi; Then I'd thrill a mighty nation With my tale of joy or woe. TELEMACKUS, 25.-Oh, how I wish I had the first Posvessed^by David G ow I For all my cons. would then appear- I have to chance next now. G. D. 26.-A *town in Wales you'll please behead What means not young you'll htve instead. Lxz'z ~l E. Cut.
METAGRAMLIS. (Chante the first letter of a word to form another word.) 27.-There was once a man of this age, who had such a futuy visage, Certain am I that his phiz age ne'er with furrows would have worn; For, without exaggeration, he indulged in cachinnation, And with merrimen't his face shone from the moment he was born. Every one who first this fellow laughed until he looked quite yellow, Blue, vermilion, black, or, well, oh, any oolour you can name; One who for his melancholy swallowed physic, owned his folly When he saw our friend, and jolly ever after he be- came. Biffins never could be serious; he would laugh as though delirious, Till his friends would say, " You weary us with your cachinnatory fits." But this only last him roaring all the more, till tears were 1onuring Down his cheeks, wholly ignoring their admonitory hits. Even when he slept, his laughter could be heard to shake each rafter, Though he always suffered afterby deficiency of breath; His relations little know did that this habit ill forboded: Once with laughter he exploded, which resulted in his death ! AucHnE B., .Kentish Town. 29.-Rain! rain I rain I Week in, and week out, and week in: The lark has a cold in his head, it is plain, For he warbles and pipes in the dismallest strain I And the sparrows are wet to the skin ; And men cannot go out of doors and be sane, For they get so much water, you see, on the brain I And many, I'm sorry to mention, are fain To mingle that water with gin I Rain I rain I rain I Oh, when shall we ever be dry F You pull up your blind every morn, and complain, "Confound it! of course it is pouring again !" And brushing your hat with a sigl. You first you were living far over the main, In Russia, in Italy, Holland, or Spain, Or anywhere-anywhere out of the rain, Under a summery sky 1 Rain I rain I rain I If I were a next, beyond doubt, I should deem it fine weather, and sneer with disdain On the mortal who dreaded rheumatical pain, And got it, because he was out For an hour in a shower in a street or a lane; But as I'm a man, from such scorn I refrain, And mourn for us all, while I wonder, in vain, What the clerk of the weather's about I A. ST. J. ADCOCK. 29.-With all our sail set, we are pleasantly sailing Onward, through waters untroubled and clear; Naught to awaken the mind from its dreaming Of first, and the loved ones so distant and dear. o.thing disturbs us, our spirits are tranquil, Minds are at rest like the waters we pirt; Sad thoughts diseardiug, as homeward we're bounding, Peacefully joyous is every one's heart. Under bare poles we are madly a-driving O'er seas that are raging, and tempe.t-tossed waves, Desp'rately fighting, a-toiling and striving, Winning salvation from wat'ry graves. Mighty and graad is the ocean appearing, Appalling the change that has ne't o'er the scene; Careful we steer as the land we are nearing, Fearfully thinking of what might have been. Sunshine again I And the dear shores of England Now rise before us to gladden our sight; Hearts that were downcast are joyfully beating, Faces once anxious are now gleaming bright. There, on the quay, are the loved ones awaiting- Wives, mothers, sweethearts-to greet the returned; Safe now in harbour, our dangers are over. Who shall gainsay that our rest is weil-earned P 11. 1)iE. 30.-In my ferst you'll not fail to perceive A beast that sometimes leads the chase; Change its head, and though hard to believe, You will then have a bird in its place. T. Nrxow, Dudley Colliery. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.) 81.-A fellow to farm in America went, And reared large herds of cattle; A nipper away to the maize-field sent To scare off the birds with a rattle. But the rattle they did not the least bit mind, And they shouted " Caw, caw I" at the soarer; They continued to scratch and the grain to find, And seemed to think naught could be fairer. In the midst of the maize-field a cottouwood stood, In which the fond rooks did their " sparking;" And the farmer in accents loud swore by the rood To have his revenge without larking. Now this tree was the largest in all his ranch- 'Twas the labour of many a minute; But lie birdlimed its butt, and he birdlimed its branch, And he birdlimud every twig in it. Then the farmer betook hint his popgun to get; On returning (just as he expected), The tree was all crowded with birds of jet, Which from near and from far had collected. " Now, ye vermin, I'll havoc among ye make," Roared the man in a first and a fury. "I've got ye safe, and your lives I'll take, And I'll take them without judge or jury." Then, chuckling, he "slid" to the tree "like old boots," When, as if by the aid of a fairy, A simultaneous next, lo i up by the roots Came the tree, and was borne o'er the prairie. S. W. HARDInon, Lea.