RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION.
1.-Brightly flash a thousand blades 'Neath the glimmering stars. Haste ye to the barricades, Sons of Mars ! A thousand arms are raised on high. Hark I the foemen come, Sounds the mournful roll hard by Of muffled drum. Twenty thousand iron throats Flash their streams of light, And the War Fiend madly gloats Through the night. A thousand hearts have ceased to throb, A thousand forms lie low, And one anguish-stricken sob Of bitter woe Rises as the victors pace Through the conquered town; And the moon, with pallid face, Gazes down Where a thousand tarnished blades Lie like crimson bars. Died ye at the barricades, Sons of Mars F. R. COLtson. OMEGRAM. -" The Tournament I" Ay, a fit title and true ! A tournament 'tis, in good sooth, Where ev'ry partaker receiveth his due With honesty, jnetice, and truth. Well fought were the bouts in the " Tourneys " of old, And great was the pomp and display : Loud, too, were the shouts as the champion bold Received the victorious bay. As first so it is in our " Tournament " still, Where success such deep pleasure imparts; The wounds, it is true, do not injure, nor kill, Yet deeply next sink in young hearts. Then honour and fame to the plucky young knight Who lets not despair cast him down; Whom failures to greater exertions incite, And thus wins success and renown ! G. Tior. ACROSTICAL BETAGRAM. 3.-W hen spring-time comes round, in the fields I am seen, D elighting the eye with my jacket of green ; P arks, pastures, and lawns without me would be bare; I 'm known to you all, for I'm seen here and there. C ome, change but one letter, and second you'll view, K ind friends, in all colours, from yellow to blue; E nchanting, in ballrooms I'm often displayed; R ound, oval, in various shapes am I made ; I 'm loved by some men, though I oft prove a bane ; N o house could dispense with my use, yet again G iris love me-yes, girls who are silly and vain. MAINS TAYLORI, Birkenheal. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 4.-With lofty, verdure-crested hills upreared against the sky, Mount Bracken at the rear, and frowning from the left the Gligh; In front a purling stream, that rushes, foaming, from its height To vanish in a forest primes of sturdy oaks to right, There stands the crumbling ruins of the Castle Crayleigh, and I wander back, by Fancy led, to where Devannn's band- A small, devoted band of men, but warriors, each one- Had made these grim old walls their home, abiding, fear. ing none ! I see again the steel-clad men, with pike, with shaft, and bow, In fierce array, defend these walls from some marauding foe. I see the fierce attack repulsed; I see the futile rush; I see the ram with mighty strength hurled, vainly though, to crush Those iron-studded oaken gates; I see the boiling lead; I hear the victors' shouts within-without I see the dead ! Cross Words. A nut which you easily ought to divine; A nut that's esteemed as decidedly fine, The elderly people enjoy them with wine. It's chronic with some, for some never have cash, But borrow-where lenders are verdant and rash- And moan a financial (a mythical?) smash. Our heroes from Egypt I'd like to beguile With a banquet. This third should provoke them to smile- " British pluckc" and "Long liver," with " Source of the Nile !" A gentleman hid by a veil from our eyes, Yet his praise for the efforts we send him we prize. " How wise I" we all say (when accepted), " how wisel" W. J. SHAnrN,. ENIGMA. 5.-In ocean depths I roam about- A fish I am, there is no doubt; And on your body, too, I'm found, And always very near the ground You like me very much to eat, And yet you tread me under feet; If you upon your boot will search, I shall not leave you in the lurch ; In every man I'm bound to be, And yet you never look on me; And, stranger still, I live for aye. Now tell me what I am, I pray. WALLIS AND PRESTON. ARITHMOREM. Foulndafion Words. 6.-A journal famed both far and near For poems, stories, jokes, In primnals surely will appear; Now find the same, Young Folks. Cross Words. 100 and feekoyow Companion in labour; 51 ,, boge To bind or constrain; 1,050 ,, tonaranetu Strange, foreign, no neighbour; 52 ,, tagenngh A bird-not the crane; 100 ,, tanga His actions are sprightly; 1,050 ,, sea Emitted from fire: 50 ,, wo Its cry is heard nightly; 50 ,, nog To wish or desire; 552 ,, kernk A well-known beer measure; 1,050 ,, snae The name of a man. Now, friends, when at leisure, Solve this if you can. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. ACROSTICAL DECAPITATION. 7.-N ear a ruin old and grand, we sat down to discuss our fare- Eleven of us come to enjoy a picnic in the open air. L anghter beamed on every face as merrily the cloth we spread, L aid plates and knives and forks a-top of buttercup and daisy's head. I n due time the meal was finished, then we strolled about the place, Exploring eagerly the castle, from the turretsto the base, Climbing up the shaky staircase, glancing from the windows high, O verlooking miles of country bright beneath the summer sky. U pon the turrets there we stood, when," Where is baby Nell ?" one cried. L ittle Nellie, where was she P We sea -ched and called on every side. S uddenly I sighted her among the flowers, and around her lay, O n each flower, a piece of cake and crumb of first, as on a tray. " N ellie, dear, what does this meanr ?" She looked round, startled and perplexed, B ut full of earnestness made answer, "Don't you know the lays we next O f, who come down to sport and feast? Well, I have left them food to eat. Won't the fairies all be glad to.night to find so great a treat P" Ax BoExMaE, Shornoliffe.
METAGRAM. 8.-Dismally, there he sat on a chair, His sighs were wasted upon the air, And all the while, with never a smile. He whispered full mournfully, " Fair, but unfair . A tear rolled down, with sudden sound Breaking the silence, it splashed on the grounL. " I love her I" groaned he; "but it's not to be" (This, says the riddle, was certainly me). A coat tail light held a kerchief white, An urchin followed it like a sprite; Through rain and hail he dodged that ti!, For it seemed to the urchin a beautiful sight. He stretched his arm and grasped the clari. Then turned and fled in the greatest alarm. Till safe was he up a walnut tree (Sad, says the riddle, but yet it was me). A little man, with features wan, Swiftly through the city ran, And when they tried to stop him, cried, "Get off the railroad as quick as you can 1" He said, " Puff I puff I" in manner gruff, And still never seemed to have said it enough. Then whistle did he, and ran merrily (Ah, says the riddle, no doubt it was me). H. C. PricE, Southwart. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 9.-A well-known riddler is in primals seen, who wre., with skill; In Young Folks " Tournament " he long has been, and 4. there still. Cross Words. A Christian name is first, well known to you; A vehicle is now before your view; A colour third is-red, black, blue, or green : Water, sirs, in fourth can now be seen ; Again the same-you ought to guess it right, For here is water, too, again in sight; A fortress can in sixth be quickly found; A precious stone is last-found in the ground. Excuse the worn-out rhymes that here you see, (r else just blame the Editor-not me. MI. W. HARna:: METAGRAM. 10.-" Dear first," I said, " oh, never next, For if you do you'll be perplex'd With cares you now don't know. Now, third awhile, for my advice "--- But first broke in, in mode not " nice," "Dear Jack, you're very ' slow !"' I tried to fourth my point in vain; My questions o'er and o'er again He'd fifth in manner delt. So as he did not seem to care For all my speeohes, in despair I took my hat and left. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 11.-Music hath charms to sooth the savage brea.ni' To calm its passions, and about it wind A magic spell, a glamour, at its 'hest To fancy?'s fairy realms convey the mind; From care and pain its liquid sounds give rest. It can with martial strains the spirit fire, To deeds of valour will its sounds incite: And with low notes of sad lament-the pyre Of heroes who have perished in the fight- Will mourn the deep and melancholy lyre. Or with vivacious, berry tones invite The youth and maiden to the festal dance; To sadden, or w'th mirthful sound delight, With soft sweet notes the spirit to entrance; To rouse the warrior's bosom for the fight. Is there aught else can music's power enhance ? D. G. HoL.imr. DECAPITATION. 12.-A fishing.bark is tossing on the dark and foaming waters, And well the Seabird's crew know death is nigh; They think of all their loved ones-mother, sisters, wives, and daughters, And bid in heart to each a sad good-bye. The little crew comprises three brave men and one smul: lad, Whose widowed mother's watching o'er the sea- Watching and waiting wearily, so desolate and sad, For she knows not when her boy's return may be. The storm increased in violence,butonthe wreck-strew:- shore That mother stood alone at break of day; When, lo before her gaze towards the reefs the Seabir i bore, And the lifeboat house was half a mile away That mother never faltered, but with eager glan,' around She sought for aid. Oh, was there really none ! When, joy ! a little boat she spied, and, springing in, wa' bound To the rescue of her only one-her son. On sped the gallant little boat across the foaming sea. And that noble woman's heartfelt prayer was heard By Hun who calmed the tempest on the Sea of Galiles. And hushed the raging waters at His word. At last the sturdy boat approached the helpless fishmin smack, And wii h glad an d thankful hearts the men were saved- Saved from a cruel and watery grave, but still the passac: back Was fraught with many dangers to be braved. Homeward they steered through first and storm, throug b billows madly boiling; But the fishers' hearts were very full and glad, As they thought of that brave woman, of her courage an11 her toiling ; But she was happy since she saved her lad. Hark I a ringing shout of joy was echoed o'er the oce-iu Just as the men had wearied at the oar; And aiding o'er the billows, with a quick, impetnonu motion, The lifeboat (oh, what joy !) towards them bore. What need for telling more? 'Tis easy now toguessthb sequel: The lifeboat brought them safely to the shore, Where loving friends were gathered, and naught the:: joy could equal To see them all alive and safe once more. EVELINE C. GRAt. DOUBLE PALINDROME. 13.-The night is past; there in the east we view The fiery ball that to the world gives light. Dawn breaks; the sun mounts high o'er hill and d.d'. Till first arrives and morn is lost to sight. The hours fly on; no need to hurry Time, The sun, for us, has lost in part its might; Shadows grow long; the dew begins to fall. And second welcomes now the shades of night. Now on NvE, 3 L. L. REVERSION. 14.-My foot's exactly like my head I'm backwards, forwards, just the same: To life I bring the all but dead. You surely now must know my name ? IUSCIS i -