RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, (A word, or words, formed of the iuitll letters of other Worda Foundation Words.
I,-'Twas indeed a delight-a real fervent delight-. To behold the return of that long-absent knight, Who, as one of the famed " pair of ornaments," g -- The Locus locorum of Puzzledom's races; And now that his lyre a sensation has made, We trust it may never again be mislaid. That lyre, p'r'aps, a pitiful tale could unfold Of a master whose zeal for a season grew cold- Of neglect and chill silence, of sorrow and gloom, Till its heart-strings were rent in a cruel, living tomb, But one day, while exploring, the thing came to light In the rust and the dust of those two years bedight, Then with joy the poor lyre, which lay perdu so long, At the touch of a maiter hand burst into song: No longer heartbroken, its pulse warmly thrilled, Till the air with its rapturous music was filled. Then gladly, 0 minstrel, we'll list to your lay, And welcome you back to the " Tournament" gay. For e'en if year muse were a pitiful hack, We'd admire the brave rider who kept on its back. This rhyme, disconnected and bold though it be, Will assure you, good friend, of best wishes from me, Now, as nip hack has run to the end of its tether, I think with your leave we will vanish together, Cross Words. Now 'tis primal; o'er the meadows Deepening shadows Chase afar the seco,,d day, And, amid the sere and yellow Third, the mellow Gleams of dying sunset play. Where the beaten track diverges, Ocean surges Ofttimes o'er the headland sweep; But I, in the still lfth listening, Know the glistening Waters now in silence sleep. Where the shadow lines grow firmer Floats a murmur- Twilight song of birds and stream; Whirring beetles start before us, Fourth the chorus, Like sixth fancies of a dream. Round the seventh turrets twining, Silver shining Moonbeams now a charm impart, As the witching strain of singers Sweetly lingers In a rugged, ninth-worn heart. Luna, eighth of pallid fire, Stronger, higher, Glides across the skyey main, O'er her subjects tenth watch keeping, Till the sleepirig World awakes to life again. Arr BoEHsae, DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, ai well as the initials, form a word, or wordil Foundation Words. 2.-In "Tournament" pages a long time ago My cons. did appear, gentle readers, you know; Though years have shlpped by, oh, I ne'er will forge The cheery old " Touruey," but cling to it yetl Dear primal and finals, say, do you withhold The same kindly welcome accorded of old / Cross Words. Dear Marion, Amy, and Queenie so sweet, Your names I'm delighted to read In our Y. F. to-day; it is always a treat e When you join us. Ahi, now intercede y With the rest of our band for the truant whose name At the foot of this riddle appears- Please ask them to pardon instead of to blame, I'm pleading with penitent tears. Ah, how I will strive to recover my place In the favour of knight and of dame I And never shall rest till once more in the race For " Tournament" honour and fame. See, See, dearest Ed., how your suppliant prays I You will not refuse my request I Though humble and poor be my riddling lays, I try to do always my best. And now for my puzzle, for sirs ydou will think, '" How foolish she is, I declare 1" A potentate guess, then take pen and take ink, And write it in French. Now prepare A wonderful work to discoverfor me- A classic-of course it is found P Keen-witted young people, I know you will be At the next of this con. in a bound. Fair, sweet little child I Sad and next was thy lot. My last very quickly has fled. But mea ry we'll be, for we've never forgot The joys of cold winter. And red The berries will shine as they shone bright before, And "Tournament" pleasures we'll join in once more. So, riddlers, be ready with quip and with con, Your riddling caps you must speedily don, And prepare for our Y. F. P. " ToUttey " so grand, It's time that our very best puzzles were planned. I will soon come again, for I love the bright smiles a Of our friends who contribute to riddling files; e. But e'er I depart, take my wishes sincere d For your health and your happiness, riddlers dear. L.rrIE W. OMEGRAM. (Tho last letter of a word is changed to form another word-- 3.-I wish I were a cat, that I Might lie in silent state Upon the hearthrug, warm and dry, d Beside the glowing grate; For pussy has no need to toil, And yet grows sleek andufat, re Oh, dear I it makes my leiart's blood boil s, To tuink I'm not a cat. at I wish I were a pretty fly, To soar aloft all day on Beueatli the bright, unsullied sky, he Anil nothing do but play; ot Tofirst the milk, or next so fat, When no one else is nigh. Oh, if I cannot be a cat, xt I'd love to be a fly I- =8, But, hold Il I'm not so certain now of I'd like to change my life; You see, e'enpussy's marble brow Is soslotiinas bent iin strife, And.then she's kicked abbout at will, Whil fies in scores are slain. So, thank you all the same, I'll still all My lovely self remain . Southw F. G. WaBs, Southwa' MIONOPHONE. S (Words of diferent masin, bnet the same in soundi 4.-A trip, I say, Inmost have some day, To make my halth grow stronger; The expense, lot thuatbe as it may, O'er that I will ot ponder. I want to be on-Ramsgate 'sands Before ,he suminer's a., - WfibraaI vii hear the-naggse'IR ba
N BAT.I ' D A·, ,ITATION. the frrs ltt roat inha i in)iaother word, exiressed was all inth bbright summer weather, ,The mans ggaly~ab6ve,: yinaf a 4I roanid together; He told moe l ,o a stry°loved ..g"h. t looking so awkward and stupid, e pleaded his suit buntin vain, d talked of the d rtb'of-youn5g Cupid, While I, with a senile of disdain, Answbred, " No"--I said, "No." Oh, the reason I no.w may confess: "- I said, "No," I said, "No," For my lord wa. too sure of a "' Yes 1" expected to see him: astounded- Imploreme to" alter my " Nay ;' m' confess I was almost dumbfonunled When he from my-side walked away. till, I thought he would come on the morrow And plead forthe anger displayed; ut a month pushedaway, to my sorrow, And I saw the mpistdke I had made. I'd said;" No," I'd said, "No." Oh, my'feelisiga I'dunld not express. I'.d said, " No," I'd-said. "No," I'd said," No,",when it should have been" Yes." es day, when I roamed through the meadows, Ihad not proceeded Q mile, ' hen I saw, 'neath the trees' slanting shadows, His figure upon the.old stile. h, the sight kindled fresh each warm ember - Of love which had grown many a year; o I said, "Robin, do you remember The day you and I wandered here P I said, ' No,' I said, '.No," I said, ' No;' but, oh, cannot you guess P I said, ' N.O,'.I said, ' No,' I said, 'No,' but I'think I meant Yes!"' POPPr. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter a a word, leaving another word.) ;--Sweet as the hjreathl of'budding spring, The voices of the odean come; What are the tialisigs sweet they sing, That bring to "me the breezy foam, Where next I watched with childish glee The sunbeams dancing o'er the sea? When past the laboured heat of day, And o'er-the sea the shadows throng, The moonbeanms chase the flying spray, And steal the crested. waves among. The whited cliffs like sentries stand Beyond the waste of yellow sand. The breezes bear the sullen roar SOfsnrges o'er'the moonlit sea; The murmurs sWell the stillness o'er, Theu fall in softer melody; The throbbink waves-the shingle kiss, That yields to them a moment's bliss. Farewell I farewell 1 I would forget The weary past where sorrows cling; The changeless joys that linger yet Are valued for the rest they bring; Remembrance first of vanished joys The sober calm of life destroys. E. A. CnomiAn. 7.-My first means just two; when you've found it, Please make but a slight alteration By 'rasing its head. I'll be bound it Will then signify a whole nation. T. NIxow, Dudley Colliery. PALINDROME. word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 8.-In music, as I daresay all You clever riddlers know, The notes we often find to sing, Some soft, some sharp, some slow. Again, in daily life we write, On busiue.s matters, notes; O'er other notes,-both crisp and white, A selfish misei- gloats. Explanatory notes, I'm sure, In text-books all may find; While memorandum notes at once You'll quickly call to mind. Now, from those notes noted above, Pray name that note so strange, That forward spelt, or backward, In sense will never change. Aeozsxms. REVEiStON S. (A word which read backward, forms another word,. 9.-0 fie, Ampandajane,l - Why act with such disdain To one.whio loved you so ? 'Twas mbst uikind, ydd know; . For, when he said one day, "Will you riinry me, -I pray 7'". - Oh, then you laughed with scorn, And sent him off,forlorn. - Perohanoe one day you'll rue, For he was good and:true ; For first youfirst hisbheart, And last.you make it smart I LADY CLAIRE.. 10.- lAinggred fondly at te , - s And held her tinyhiii: -.: . SSofull my heart. I'fqgrd'twonld burst, Nor codild my tohni'dcommand. ' - My eyes wer'e all sunflis ivith brine, But, Hummloiihij ty:pluck, I gaspedat last, " Wiltthou be mine ?" And then.--=- -Oh, just my luck l Her pa-had fetched his-thickest stick, And, looking very vexed, -Had-smashed my htt, en " fetched " a kick That sent me half a nert. F. PARK.E. Caae qua LDE. (.foried 9n a word each syllable of which is a wordJ N ih t] e Myrth myprecious first lies low- l rst that sood will glift':ti'irichly bright; Seager, anxious-toilers crowding go odraw it from its hiding.place to light. .nonw perchance,iinfestl n iltions seen, dring high-born beauties, passing fair; Hy its means so marvellous, I ween, Hate s er: ests found entrince there_; iroget portal wide before it rolls. ; morfo i . the seeptre thatit wields o ; cwa woikeman h-all to mind- , . lB te bu galir. Gr i'omanc ;. 'ea umbledtige teyou may find are, sjj1d1 i tg chsestlut tree;" perchance. ahorses oft pshOd-withi his door cnd ri;yg t o, a sprame .ives-- t dhat y bl o hae herd before. yea oet liies t it iiprove, . e se richlyasioal d:welove. ma 5memoy.dwell im deathless famel ,a4s v~AeeLttlhoughtshit fbIlow;roeaturesblessed C SxzTsi
DUAGRAM. (Ohanie the flirt two letters of a word to form another wordJ 12.-When Jones went home the other day, He looked a "perfeet" eight: From head to foot his first new clothes Were splashed all o'er with white. His wife was coming down the stairs When he the door unlocked, And seeing his sad plight, she seemed To be extremely shocked. "Wky, what's the matter, dear P" she said. "Wherever have you been P" And Jones, with many a.smirk, replied, "It's just like this, my queen: "As I, Tom Brown, and Willie Smith Were going down the town, Young-Willie spied a housemaid who Was washing windows down. " She had a basin by her side- 'Twas filled with something white, With which she sa eared the windows o'er, Then rubbed them clean and bright. " Well, Willie asked her how she was, And tried to squeeze her hand; But she was cross, and said that she No ' cheek' othis would stand. "Then picking up the basin, she At Will the contents threw, Remarking, ' If you do not go, I something worse will do.' "He ducked, and as Tom Brown and I Did next quite close at hand, The staff the girl did mean for Will On us poor men did land." "O wretched man I" cried Mrs. Jones, When he his tale had done, "You've told me many wicked lies, But never such an one. "I'll ba-o you know that I was in A shop across the way, And saw you try to squeeze her hand. Now, what have you to say ?" 'Twas quite a week e'er Jones did go Out of the house again, And then the little boys he passed Did cause him mental pain. For as he walked along the street, Each cried in childish glee, "I see the cat 'as scratched yer face. Why can't yer let 'er be P" TINY. METAGRAM. (Change the frat letter of a word to form another iior i1. 13.-I first tell you of a second who is courting disc or third- On your confidence I've reckoned, so you mustn't split a word; Sister third a fourth does carry, and fifth says she looks so trim That he really means to marry her-she's just the girl for him I This second' has not much to bless him in his wordly store, He does a horse and sixth possess, and two or three things more; A next or two, and that is all that I'll enumerate; His stature-well, he's very tall-can stride right o'er a gate. . His visage, I am bound to state, is looking rather last, But sister thinks he'll make'ht iato:for her till life be past; So married soon-:they are to b7e-made loving man and wife. ý. " ' . Let's hope they ever will agree and spend a liappy life. T. Sroaa. NARRATIVE TRNSP OSITION. (The letters of a word are transpose cant form another wbad In the narrayt,t. " 14.-I lay beneath an apple tre, my mind on cons`intent; On getting into the " R. T.'1I:desperately was bent. I said, " Why should I notsiucceed as well as famed D: Gow ?" When on me fell an apple from an overhanging bough. It struck me full upon the nose, and salt tears made me shed- All thoughts of "Riddle Tourney drove completely from my head; Therefore I sought a spot where I ir safety could repose, And once again I fixed my mind aillps to compose. But even there it was not mean j should lie in peace, i0') T My thoughts being broken into y kii isy flock of geese; In desperation up I jumped, "id paced a neighbouring field, And tried once more if my tired brain would still ideas yield. I was not left in peace much time-I heard an awful roar, And, turning, saw a furious bull a.thirsting for my gore; So, wisely giving up all thoughts of riddling for that day, I devoted all uiy energies to getting far away. C. O'CONNOi. TRANSPOSITION. (Tranepose the letters in a word to form another word.) 15.-One cold, dreary day, in the month of December, A feeble old beggar did knock at my door; And when I did ope it, I started and trembled, For standing before me was one known of yore. His first was unlempt, his white head was second, The clothes that le wore were all rarged and torn; I sigh'ed he I thought of the mis'ry he'd suffered, " Then,:beek'niug him inside, I bade him not mourn. After giving him dinner, some third, and some cheese, I looked up my wardrobe for some cast-off suits. And si~ding some garments that fitted him neatly, I walked off and bought him a pair of new boots. My reason for this I'll not tounith you from knowing- 'Tis that the beggar was an oln friend of mine Who once had been rich and had aided me greatly; Thus less to have done would have beeunnot benign. - · D. MounIs, Glasgow.