RIDDLE TOURNAMENT DECAPITATIONS. i
(Drop the frast letter of a word. leavin another sWord 1.-I know I am wondrously clever, Though folks think me quite the revr-- And whisper they never-no, never , Met one so insuff'rably worse I The ladies declare I am stupid, And vow I have really no heart, Because I won't talk of young Cupid, Nor own to have felt his keen dart. And thus I am far from a fav'rite-and why? Because I'm so awfully shy. I first I can waltz to pe'rfection, I'm elegant, graceful, and tall; My singing defies a correction, My music makes others feel small. And yet when a neat invitation To party or soirde be.mine, I feel not the slightest elation, But send my best thanks and decline. And if you should ask me the reason, I'd sigh, Because I'm so awfully shy I 'Twas ever thus even at college, My brains with old lore I would cram. Though gaining unlimited knowledge, I never yet passed an exam. The principal thought I was ailing, The students declared I'd no brain, Or laziness was my chief failing I And yet a few words would explain: A scholarship I'd have gained easy, if I Had not been so awfully shy. You'll think me, no doubt, egotistic, Perhaps'you'll suggest I can boast; Dear friend, I disdain to be mystic, So talk of my doings the most. A strange inclination prevailed me My sorrows and woes to outpour; But last all my courage has failed me- I stammer, and cannot say more. Still, I'd take the lead weekly if I were to try, But then-I'm so awfully shy I Po 2.-A sudden blaze if you will please behead, Part of a whip I think you then will see; Once more decap., and then please see iustead My last, which is a very well-known tree. R. L. JEFFERSON, He-lo 3.-Whole an animal will display, Though you perhaps may know: Behead, and if you know, you'll say Part of yourself I chow. C. P. BASELEY, COr CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wrrdJ 4.-My whole is good for ;ich and poor, For noble lord and country boor g And though it has a foreign tone, In England it is right well known. The night was cold, rude beat the rain, While the poor outcast all in vain Sought shelter from the storm's fierce ban For he was clad but with my fitst. The lordly prelate in his palace fine, Unheedful of the outcast's whine, And with his pockets full of gold, Leaves the poor wretch next in the cold. FRONT-DEr-B 5.-A man went to a butcher's shop To get a piece of meat, But was so whimsical that he Was asked to take a seat. " There, sit and think a while, my man," The butcher cried in rage, " Or take this little bit of first- It's tender, that I'll wage." At length the man declared that he That piece of meat would take; He put it underneath his arm, And for the streeti did make. " Come back come back," the butcher cried, " You are no next of mine; And if you were, my motto is ' No credit '-there's the.sign." Oft of my whole the poets sing Whene'er the spring comes round, For in the other seasons it Is very seldom found,. Save when some burly butcher man Palms on a-housewife meek A tough and hardened two.year-old As " Born the other week." T 6.-The first-clad shrub, the sere and yellow leaves . That thickly gather 'neath the forest trees, The reapers' song amongst the glowing shelves, The birds that wing their way to southern seas, The dying flow'ret, whose sweet life is o'er Ere it has known the glories of life's day, Al., all proclaim bright summer is no more- Its sunny hours passed for e'er away. And soon from out the ice.caves of the north, Where long have slept next Winter and his host, The bitter winds like demons will come forth, And havoc spread o'er mountain, mead, and co In iron bondg the fertile plains they'll bind- Enclose 'midst icy walls the rippling stream, Till spring, returning, glowing, warm, and kind, Will vanquish winter with a single gleam. - And in the homesteads, round the cheerful fire, The members of the family will sit; And whole most sad and deeply will the sire And daine recall all l ygonue, bit by bit. Their children, though; in lively manner meet, And laighidgly;they chat (they've known nos And talk about their coming Christmas trett, For naught else troubles them. But such is ls S. FANKLIN AND G. *.P CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another wsod1: 7.-Ye warriors bold who fame have earned On YoingFolks Paper's riddling page, My gauntlet now to you I throw, No matter what your rank or age. Here in the lists I lEke my stand, Determined now to win or fall; Upon my name to come and pun I challenge you, both great and small, I've seen-the charges that you've made Upon the famous D. Gow's name; But though you've jirst him many a blo5, You.cannot next to me the same. For mine's a name that can withstand- . The fierce nssault~f any pen; So, come, and if at first you fanl, , I'll challenge youo'" try again. - .. BETAGRAMS : - (Ohange the second letter o ~word to form another 8,-My f,s an author of renown, -. I.sfrish-.lr~ewell skilled ..... Change second letter, and his taro~n Is bjy hiother filled. , ScA , Li G.,SaEs
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. lttjrs of a word are transposed, and form another word 'in - the:narratlve . ',-.The evening is calm, but chill; The air'seems frozen, 'tis'so still, And snowrelouds float above the hill. The sheep are safe within the fold; Amid the mist.behind.the wold The sun sinks like a ball of gold.; And in the.dusky village street Is heard the tramp of weary feet, As lab'rers to their aom'is retreat. Anon the tavern lamps are lit, And Joy, and. erriment, and Wit Around its blazing ingle sit. While in the bar,-so spirue to see, Sitteth the landlbrd's daughter. She Doth smile and blithely blink her e'e 6(n Jook M'Laren; Whohas' got So am'rons, that, all else forgot, He drinks his toddy scalding hot ! Whereat he chokes and coughs amain, And writhes and dances with the pain, And generally raises Cain. And when the bar-room loungers there Laugh mightily at the affair, He goes outside the door to swear, And use improper language, so, liy reader, we will let him go- We cannot follow him, you know. D. Gow. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters.in a Word to form another word.) "f uch have I.trtielled in the realms of gold, na many goodly'states and kingdoms seen." oused by the words of our good "Tourney's" queen, agination has grown wondrous bold. aIhave rushedi like straw upon the tide; .ath that spell wonderful I had not power ostop my headlong pace.for many an hour, nad when I turned to first I inly sighed. onder fair lands, which lie above earth's pain ovely to think of, yet untrodden still), b, could I reach, my next with joy to fill, ejoicingly I'd stop, nor e'er return again. PATRICK S., Belfast. -METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) ll,-A noble knight andfirst was he Who bore the name of Helenslea; But in my second, we are told, In ambush lay a villain bold To kill the hero for his gold. 'Twas there the horrid deed was done, While redly glowed the setting sun Upon the crisp white snow. A third Beyond that gate the cries were heard; But help arrived, alas I too late For Helenslea. His dreadful fate Unto this day has.made the place A dreaded spot. A deed so base Some say has poisoned all the sir, And trees and flowers that were so fair. But let us leave the second dank, The tangled boughs and grasses rank. Ah, now the welcome air blows sweet Outside the gloomy, dark retreat. LOTTIE W. Trace down yon snow-capped mountain from the skies, To where it spreads along the verdant vales, dmark the grass its rising breast nptrails, il at last it gradually dies, dmi'hty peaks in'naked grandeur rise, l Poaan hich in fury blow tempestuous gales, Which tame to breezes ere they reach the dales, Ibear snow.hues of heaven, near which each lies. who would mount above his first,in life; ust, with becoming robes of noble deeds Clothe his ascension. Then, as he proceeds, Hold forth the shield of honour, which will calm fore it reach the world, the next, and strife, Of those who seek to work malignant harm. F. SaIrTH, Birmingham. D. Gow is wise and clever-all admit it- d fast is winning'fame that honour claims; eos his name he boasts there's none can hit it- wily punsters, whether knights or dames. long life he enjoy' this hero doughty, d ever all lasts bodily evade; one thing sure--D. Goo can ne'er be Gow, T. .(gouty) : swell to think this can be truly said. oh this fact I've oftet 'sadly frowned : doctor he can never be ordained, David Gow, alas '!ca iin'er be Gow, Ned (gowned), ,ugh the world's learningfirst his head contained. - ' T Nzxoo, Dudley Colliery. ARITHMOREMS. otie. Tile letters'of drosswoids that are Ioman numerals expressed- in ý.ures.a ou 'olndsttistnWords. famous ScottiS barlien -ttals see, His tales are w ldarendwned ; Po. taste, choice iords ''o"adence sweet and free, .Witin his fadltlesshlys are found, Which hold our thboughts in, ecstasy. SCss'Words. aln res A metal here discover, please. r, ear To emperors this will pertain. Sserf In battles soldiers now use these. a nagwk How pleasant this in some green lane I a. gnsng A concert 'twis, tofiltih was there; Performance on the whole was fair. Sthatgu Whenue'er you ohatyou're neat, so mind. " eboqu These sort of:lines are never straight, But blant all ways, as you may find. , beter "To' shake with fear," eighth -will Settr irelate. er If lst you really wish to gain, Thin 'iwith' what -'Neptune rules the main. - 'AONtsTES. 11 Fohitalctiuo Words. Primals a famous man will give Of whom you mnust have read, Who meddediun a'certain plot, For.which he lost his head. .d er Gross Words.~, r Forfist I've placed a certain hue Which ought to be soon seen, 'tis true. " inoser Thenisb;isywaits of late came round, Yeso people from their sleep so sound. n, 'o In thsird'willesoon be found by you Se An aniinal seen at the Zoo. I knowyog'llfourth when this you've seen, 'e Whatever does the rubbish mean ?"' Sest ' Ihopethiscon. will never se e Thefifcll of the WTodstb Paper B. '5 tetggn Betas the time is fast ne.:t on, I shall conclude this little con. S Orlther Here I must give a ast adieu,. And leave the rest of thii for you. ... . J. STocIS, Laiabeth; -ol ltter froem tlhe o; chosen leaving another word.) 0 dsofpteh:ued. bdgga:a by king-; . i you-sit oe oe, ou'll get ciuite vexed, . r.T. SmR, Birminhsam,
PBECE.OMEGRAM. Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 17.--Howblest to our hearts was out, darling When she was in life's merry spring I What wonderfRl blessings first with her I And oft how her praises we'd sing For, pure and as bright as an angel, Love's fetters she brought in her train And every one's next seemed to centre In shielding our dear one from pain. She grew to be straight as a lily, And fair as the dawning of day; Yet still her affection lay with us, Till he came to pluck it away ; Till he, with his plausible wooing, Had stolen her innocent heart, Then heartlessly left the poor maiden To wither neath sorrow's fell dart. And, oh, how we longed that her anguish By us in our strength might be borne I And hoped for the best, while our darling Each day grew more sad and forlorn. At last the Pale Reaper descended And plucked the sweet flower from the earth, To blossom in gardens immortal In new and more glorious birth. F. G. WanB, Southwark. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 18.-Patricia Brown was a maiden old, Quite primal, alas I was she; She thought she was still in her teens, although Her summers were fifty-three. She kept ten tabbies, next, sweet little things, That romped all over the house; So carefully trained by gentle means They'd never attack a mouse. She loved them all with a fervent love, And oft, with a third of care, Would minister to their humble wants With devotion truly rare. When one of them died she mourned it fourth, Ereoted a tombstone grand, Informing the last, with tear-dimmed eyes, 'Twas the dearest of the band. PinILO. 19.-Away, away, over the sea, Over the mountain, o'er the lea, Sweet Gwendoline. first rovewith me? New climes and countries let us see. Let's hie to fair Italia's shore, Its lakes and islands we'll explore ; There kindly Nature still doth pour Her choicest gifts on sea and shore. Then on to legendary Rhine, We'll view its castles, drink its wino; New scenes and pleasure last combine, To make our life a dream divine. Then, Gwendoline, no longer stay In England, where the skies are grey, But let us hasten far away To other countries blithe and gay. LADY CLAIRE. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 20.-In the castle of the chieftain, In the humble Highlaud cot, By each mountain, dale, and torrent In the most secluded spot, Where'er thy native banner Waves its lion in the air, Thou art there. And thou no less illustrious From fair Erin's island green, -Rich in song and rich in music, Thy bright equal few have seen; Jewels of the purest water, From a rich poetic mine Suro are thine. Cross Words. Hark I 'tis the deep-toned cannon's roar. They've pierced it through and reached the shore. The centre of an Arab's shield; It's very plainly now revealed. The amateur, by candlelight, This often vainly tries to write. Because, forsooth, his skin is black, They lay the lash across his back. In bogus companies a snare, -And makes the cautious man beware. E. BLAIR, Liverpool. Foundation Words. 21.-At evening-time when falls the dew, And summer days have fled, The leaves assume their primal hue Of golden, brown, and red . When garnered in is all the grain, Then comes the long and dreary rain. And when the primal days are past, And final we have here , Then comes -the cold anti eutting blast, SA-nd frozen is the mere; ThTbn fires assume a cheerful glow, Especially when falling.is the snow. Cross Words. "First me to know best," the master said, When he was contradicted by young Dread. Now this will mean " not sure;" but, riddlers, do not fail, When you the word have found for second, it curtail. How could the fellow such a blunder make As to tell the man that he a third could take ? That this means "one," I'm sure you'll see, And hope you'll find it easily. When-the eats are away thefifth will play, So they enjoy their holiday. Myfinal owns a'donkey dear, And Neddy lets us ktow it, never fear. F. PHILLIPs, Mottingham. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dale. tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 22.-A kind of fruit well known to all Bring now before your mind; Behead, transpose, and then, perchance, A riddler's name you'll find. -W. PICK{SRIN, Priestfield.