RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-A garland I'll weave for the poet's hair, A garland of sweet spring flowers; No first garden blossoms, nor flowerets rare, Nor gems, save the dewdrops that glisten there In the silent evening hours. The hyacinth, second, and primrose pale, The violet sweet I'll bring, And the drooping lilies that grow in the vale, The forget-me-not and the briar-rose pale, And white blossoms of the spring. And I'll third this wreath on the poet's hair, To remind him of fourths gone by, With a wish that the happiness it doth bear Last continue still fresh and continue still fair When the flowers do wither and die. T. P. Dorcuos., Whitby. ENIGMA. 2.-When the brazen fire-bell loudly trembles and clamours With echoing swell, as from myriad hammers, Whilst the flames daringly, lurid and glaringly, Gloat so unsparingly round each doomed rafter, Reign I predominant, terribly prominent, In the last sighing and shrieks of the dying, Till lost in hereafter. In carnage of battle, where sabres are gleaming, 'Mid musketry's rattle, when cannon are streaming, Their death volleys thundering, serried ranks sundering, I hold my supremity, Vast as creation, throughout every nation To earth's last extremity. The waves' wild refrain as they surge so incessantly, Dulcimer's strain rising softly and pleasantly, Thunder's immensity, dreadful intensity, Fathomless density, all own my name; Unseen and unseeing, yet each human being Cannot help agreeing that great is my fame. Your faculties risible do not indulge When that I'm invisible here I divulge, For still am I near to you, which, though not clear to you Now, will appear to you plainly in time. I'm a strange contradiction, much stranger than fiction, And when you've discovered my name in this rhyme, You'll find, and conclusive. Ly prove, I persist, That, although not delusive, I do not exist ! F. R. ConLsoN, Bow. TRANSPOSITION. 3.-Hark to the din of battle! Hark to the cannon's rattle ! See the horses plunging, and their riders headlong fall. Ne'er a one dismayed is, Ne'er a one afraid is, Every one is ready now to die at England's call. At length the word is given, And, like a bolt from heaven, The troopers of old England dash forth upon the foe. Though first and shell fall round them, That never will confound them, And they shout, " St. George and victory !" as boldly on they go. And now the battle's over, And husband, son, and lover Lie scattered o'er that b:ttlefield, wounded, dying, dead. But all the world has spoken Of how that next was broken, And of how our English soldiers to victory were led. SPOTSTRaOKE, Glasgow. ARITHMOREM. Foundation lIord. 4.-In pensive mood, I strolled along the wayside, My thoughts not with the present, but the past; I mused upon my youth (of life the gay side), And wished I could have made that era last, When, lo ! I paused before some sylvan bower, And quickly all my recollections fled, For there I saw my primals, fav'rite flower, Uprear its very pretty, modest head. Cross Wiords. 7 and sort He called in to see if We heard from Tom Neale; 12 ,, no Now, how should we be if, Like him, on a wheel ? 52 ,, noses Oh, dear this is greasy- It makes me feel ill; 56 ,, gin With money, 'tis easy To toil up life's hill; 6 ,, need I next the life of a Famed man on the stage; 509 ,, rate He's just bought a sofa, A table, and cage. Danom A~D PYTHIAS. MONOPHONE. 5.-'Twas in Trafalgar's gory bay (Ye've all heard on it, mates, I know), Where we fought both by night and day, And taught a lesson to the foe. Well, I was fighting there all night- Ay, I was at it, hot and strong. We fought the foe by candle-light- Steady, mate ! steady, mate ! Hold on ! Ye don't believe it ! Well, 'tis true; Ay, ay, as true as eggs is eggs. I stabbed ten Frenchmen right bang through. Don't ye believe it ? Ask Tom Skeggs. Our ship, as usual, in the first, We led them on to glory, boys; We for the Frenchies' blood did thirst! Hush I hush ! don't cheer or make a noise. Well, at next bells in the morning, We slowly sailed up to the foe, And dropped on them without warning, And gave it 'em hot-I guess so. Nelson led us on to glory, And now all people love to tell Of his brave life the grand story, How he last England fought and fell. J. C. COLLIER. HIDDEN SHAKESPEARIAN CHARACTERS. 6.-I forgot, but it won't take a minute to look; Here, Lydia, go, dear, and fetch me the book. Mamma, when we get into Sandringham, let Us call at the draper's, some ribbon to get. One glass of mild port I allow her each day; 'Tis more than sufficient, the doctors all say. The riot is over; their fighting was vain, And our banner is safe in our keeping again. Oh, Marie, let Eleanor join us to-day; We are going on the beach for an hour to play. Now, don't be ill-natured; how naughty it is ! Lend Ernest your ball, dear, and you play with his. Though I've travelled through Switzerland, Paris, and Rome, Oh, most truly I find that there's no place like home. 1". a. G. MARsHALL. HIDDEN GIRLS' NAMIES. 7.-What a day ! Ay, Thomas, let's go for a run. Now, Tommy, do race, for you knowit is fun. We'll run down the meadow, while Nap shows th' way; We'll pluck the ripe clover, and romp in the hay. You'll jam your hand, Tommy; you will, toyofr sorrow. You've out it; your linger tie, Tommy, with this. My race let's adjourn, we'll say, till to-morrow; Your hand will be better before it, I wis. H. F. G., Wandsworth. CHARADE. 8.--My frst is a fish which makes a good meal, It's neither a sole, a trout, nor an eel. A circle will name ty next without doubt; 'Tis seen on the hand-you'll soon find it out. My third is a weight, and heavy you'll find; I can't tell you more-don't think me unkind. My whole will expose a gen'ral to view. My puzzle is done; I wish you adien. H. R, PREsTON, Kennington.
ACROSTICAL BETAGRAM. 9.-T urn not from me, gentle stranger; listen to an orphan lad, W ho has walked o'er miles to-day, sir, and is weary, worn, and sad. K in or kind friends I have none, sir; all quite first I go my way. I am homeless, cold, and hungry; not a bite I've had to. day. 'T was not always like this, stranger. Once I had a mother dear; C ould she have been spared to me, sir, I would not be begging here. H ard and wicked have I oft been since she bid that long good-bye. N aught but sneers and angry words, sir, do I get from passers-by. E ver grateful will I prove-oh, see me pleading and downcast! R ich you are, and if you help me, I will second for the past. MARION TAYLOR, Birkenhead. METAGRAM. 10.-The night is cold, the wind is chill, ai.d roars and moans in turns, But in the warm and cosy inn the roaring fire bright burns, And in the dim, dark corners of the house so old and drear The ghostly armed figures shake themselves, as though in fear; And as the firelight slickers, on the walls are shadows thrown Of the worthy village pedagogue and other folks well known To all the little village, and, gaining some renown, Have earned respect and homage from all the little town. There, in that dim, dark corner, apart from all the rest, Sits the old and much-loved doctor, the host's most honoured guest. Full many a tale of sorrow could the worthy man unfold, That he keeps within his bosom, that will e'er remain untold. And there that genial, merry face, the brightest of the bright; 'Tis the first of the old village inn. a genial, pleasant sight. At the mention of a jest or pun, he'd chuckle loud with glee- And was there e'er a pun or joke that he could never see ? If you even moved yoar arm, he won'd say "'twas gcst wre style;" And a tale he tels n,'cr yet was told without a passing- smile. He caught a youngster smoking, and even then, thouglk huffed, Said, "He knew, if he was colla:rd, 'twas most certain he'd be cuffed." And though 'twas sutmmer weather, and the days were, getting long, He thought that "some are very cold, and the wind is very strong." But now the village inn is still; to a far more peaceful sphere Have gone those old folks, one by one, that used the inn to cheer. They have gone, and left behind them little else besides a name. How many village heroes, dying thus, are next to fame ? Lian. NErr. LOGOGRIPH. 11.-A sort of stone not very rare, But very beautiful and fair, In this you cannot help but see, If you are looking properly. Delete two letters from it now, And if you do it right, I vow, You must behold what men are all, No matter be they great or small. Transpose-but do I trouble you ? Oh, no I Then you are bound to view A part of corn that I am told Is needful both to young and old. And now behead, transpose again, And you shall see so very plain A sort of drink some people use, And some do surely it abuse. But change its centre, and I say That you shall find, without delay A certain little-beast of fame; So will you please to find its name. Once more transpose, and I have done, And you shall then a fruit have won; A common fruit you shall espy. But I must haste away-good.bye. R. MoicrooMRar. CENTRAL DELETION. 12.-Tom Gush was a first in the speeching line, His sentences, manners, and gestures were fine; His face bright and handsome, his figure was tall. When he came to our town, he attracted us all, Speeching on science's Latest appliances. " Diana, come hear him," the fairest of my aunts says. So she asked her admirer, a medical "stu.," To come and escort us, and hear Tom Gush, too. But he thanked her and bowed, said he "begged to de- cline, As Tom Gush and his bosh were not quite in his line." So aunt, much offended, The dialogue ended, And we went off that night to hear Tom, unattended. How he read and he roared, and what long words he used Some praised his long speech, and some (many) abused. But just as " once more our attention he'd beg," Came bang! on his nose an unsavoury egg! How far from romantic His second so frantic To get off the platform, with grin and with antic , Results-they are many. I'll tell you a few: My aunt does not speak to the medical " stn.; Tom Gush has retired from the town in disgrace, With a bruise and a scratch which disfigure his face; And no more shall he Lecture here, we agree, And no one's so pleased as DIANA O'D. ROTATION CHANGE. 13.-On the wide ocean many a sailor bold, As he watched in the silent night, Has wondered what treasures my firsts will unfold When all things are opened to sight. And ofttime, when night brooded low o'er the ocean, And the moon shed her rays on the tide, Has he heard a song in the wild commotion Of the waves as they next'd the ship's side. He has guided his bark by the planets' light, As they shone before him on his way; He need fear no danger who keeps his path straight, And who steers where his guiding stars lay. He has gazedat the stars that lighten the sky, And has wondered if fourth they contain, And whether the fourth that they third up so high Is free from affliction and pain. When the veilis lsst-ed, strange sights shall we see In the ocean and in the stars; Then it will be well known to you and to me Whether they're always fighting in Mars ! Tus BROTHERS D.