RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. OMEGRAM. (The Ist letter of a word is changed to form another word,)
1,-The country was fresh and inviting, As gaily he first-ed along, With oity.bred senses delighting In Nature's sweet incense and song, When, skirting a jasmined partition, Whereon some gay buttorflies.sat, He stopped at the sweet apparition Of a neat little " Greenaway " hat. This neat little hat just peeped over The jasmine sest's loftiest wreath; And, oh. how he longed to discover The feminine features beneath ! What style is this maid P runs his wonder; She's lovely-he's certain of that; It must be a charming face under That sweet little Greenaway hat. How pensively still she is waiting! What thoughts course her wise little brain ? Perhaps she is now contemplating Th' approach of some countrified swain. He must work this mystery's unfolding; Ile mounts-his heart thumps pit-a-pat-- No form, but a broomstick upholding That sweet little Greenaway hat I AMY Bosaxan. META.OMEGRAM. (Cnnee the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) h-A sure olad sky, nor sparkling rivulet R iptlag tlm gh shady vale and leafy bower, T o tl rapt poet's fancy lendeth not HI all the sweet charm that doth a summer shower. Under the eloudy oanopy of heaven II signs a serene and melancholy calm, B reathing into the overjoyous first, E lysian incense of ethereal balm. 'N eath the dark branches of a dripping tree, N imbly from bough to bough the linnet darts, Emitting second trills and spurts of song, T ill from the sky a ray of sunlight starts, T hrilling with gladness sad and weary hearts. CLAra BOOrtMERa. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word Is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ S.-You may say what you like, but the merry old times When fairies abounded, were best of them all; When from Mother Earth's bosom a few muttered rhymes The genii of good and of evil would call; When horrible ogres, and giants were. rife, Anl inhabited castJes and gaily.decked halls, And armour-olad knights, who possessed a charmed life, Rode up and blew horns at their grim castle walls. Fair maidens, with blue eyes and long golden hair, Were wooed by young princes, dressed finely in green; And knights with invisible headgear to wear, Would see what they pleased and yet couldn't be seen. Where are fairy godmothers found now P Alas i They have fled with the rest in the dim, remote past, nd our slippers ere made of leather, not glass, And Aladdin's bright lamp is out-splendoured at last. ageians who waved wands o'er beauteous maids, And caused them, each time that they opened their lips T speak, emit jewels and roses-each fades With the knowledge we glean when the young student dips tomdern book lore. Yes, the jolly old times Which have vanished for aye, and we cannot recall, re now only remembered in some poet's rhymes, But they were the happiest days, after all. W, D. PicKHErrNo, Southwark. TRIPTICH. e Nlo Worda, and form a third word of the last syllable of the rst and the first syllable of the seeondl Triptich. l.-'Neath the primal tree I sit, In the dusky autumn eve, Round about me shadows flit, And fantastic forms they weave. The bright sun has sunk to rest, In the golden-coloured sky; Now the bird will seek its nest, For the night is drawing nigh. First Word. Strange the stories that we hear, Sitting in the cheerful light, Stories told in awe and fear While the reoight dances bright, Of its wild and elfish form, Flittig ever hill and dale, Riding on the flesoest storm, Making fierest hearts to quail, SBcond Word, Long I bore the darting pain, And for some relief I sighed, hmany things I-tried in vaimn- Endless ourea.e had applied; The prinmas at last I sought. With a countenance of woe, Instantly relief he brought, And sweet comfort now I know. - BETAGRAM. Ivaeno, Belfast. (Ohauae the second letter of a word to form another word.) 5.--Baby prattle, Cheery rattle, Ever smiling, ever gay; Laughing boy, Mother's joy, Making primal all the day. Hair that's curly, Teeth so pearly, Little limbs so fat and strong ; Smiling sunny Lisping funny-, Baby second all dayloang. Cldan frocks tearing, Never caring Laughing all the tme with glee; On the flooring, Toys adoring, Happy as a king is he I F. ALLIBON, Winchester. 5ordhir LOGOGRIPH. royb sat . .ted as ametaegram, decapittlon del .- -sas"t raospo ition but leaves a perse t. word a.fte i sash 6,'-y first, dear riddlers, is a word That means to break; it's often heard. Behead this, and you'll bring to view A word which mashers try to do. h npose, and then a word is seen, irtt acallns to preteand anything. tery ansp-su, and yeo will see very -sefulknd of tree. A9 d o ip to view This ittle Wordcutail again, And then a vowsl will remain, / Ca lee.a
NARRATIVE OURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, lea.ing another word, expressed in the -raciVej 7.-Im here with my guitar again, Clarinda, Clarinda; List to thy troubadour's refrain, Clarinda, Clarinda. Beneath thy easement, all so bold, My husky note I long have trolled; Oh, hear me (and excuse my cold), Clarinda, Clarinda. I know a spot surpassing fair, Clarinda, Clarinda; Oh, wilt thou not fly with me there, Clarinda, Clarinda P A spot where radiant sunsets glow, And flowers bloom, and waters flow (And bread is cheap and rents are low), Clarinda, Clarinda. This spot is on the " Continong," Clarinda, Clarinda; Then keep me not for answer long, Clarinda, Clarinda. I stand upon the dahlia bed Where once before thy father dread Emptied his wash-jug on my head, Clarinda, Clarinda. No answer; yet for thee, my dear Clarinda, Clarinda, I've caught lumbago singing here, Clarinda, Clarinda. But morn is breaking now; I see Sol peeping o'er the hedge at me; FareweI1 But I'm ashamed of thee, Clarinda, Clarinda. D. Gow. ENIGMAS. 8.-Eternities ago, when earth chaotic Was but a gaseous nebula in space, When dark disorder ruled with sway despotic, And of design there lacked the faintest trace; Ere Luna fair to light the night assisted, Ere wisdon1 to the world had been bequeathed, Ere species, long since fossilized, existed, And ere mankind the breath of life had breathed, I was. And now, midst all the turmoil of the present, With war's alarms resounding everywhere, With discord dread degrading many a peasant, And misery the workman's daily share; Through social and political disaster, Through changes, sudden, radical, and vast, Through years that seem to fly for ever faster Into the darkness of the misty past, I am. And in the future, when all strife is ended, When rulers and the ruled have passed away, When wrong will be suppressed, and right befriended, And much that now is dark be clear as day; When earth again becomes a floating vapour, When all the works of man, done with such pains, Shall swiftly perish, as though writ on paper, And of you all no single trace remains, I'1l be. PHILo, Dundee. 9,-I'm long, and I'm short, I'm swift, and I'm slow; I ever am with you In weal or in woe. I'm valued, regretted- By some thrown away; I often am killed, Yet I'm living to-day. NoarA M. TwomEr, Cork. ACEOSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other word .) Foundation Word. 10.-Oh, great amongst thy fellow.men, No need that I thy trumpet blow, For genius guides thy facile pen To write the words that charm us so. Cross Words. JIy love was young, my lovn~eas fair, And this sweet name she bore. Say, have you trod this mountain range, Or skimmed this river o'er P In third a noble poet view- His songs will never die. My fourth's celestial things among-- A body in the sky. Behold the mother of us all; The shade of passing day. The sixth and last is never tall, But what, you must say. CHrISTELLA P. CIIELM, Fouindation Word. 11.-Ye riddlers young, and riddlers old; Ye riddlers great, and riddlers bold; Ye riddlers short, and riddlers tall, This is a motto for you all. Cross Words. From out the first the king did spy The enemy, as they passed by. Just at twelve mid-day the second doth comn e, Allow me to tell you that this is no sum. " I see it now," the sailor cried, As through his glass the third he spied. The fourth will not take long to find, You see it now, if you're not blind. With fifth he with the madman ranks, On seeing the words, "Declined with thanks." When reading the tales in Y. F. P., The sixth is sure to accompany me. A. COULSON. Foundation Word. 12.-Sweet April came with sunny smile, And wooed thee in thy lone retreat With words of love that might beguile The flowers of earth, however sweet. But love is wild, untrammelled, free, And April chose too late a day To plead his love-lorn suit with thee, Whose smiles were all for merry May. Cross Words. In all things where the work is great The reward comes to those who wait. A part of the programme each smooth.spoken member 2: Swears to fulfil in June and forgets in November. Maiden of the isles of Greece, Whisp'ring low thy words of peace. Honour the man who rules the civic roast, And gives the dinners that we love the most. Dainty and sweet are my lady's pet flowers That winsome June wreaths round earth's fairy bowers. Ah, sweet they were-too sweet to stay, Those happy dreams of yesterday. In glory of crimson that deepens to brown, The dclay-god is sinking the west heavens down. The breezes that blow through the garden of heaven Are but the soft sighs of the blest and forgiven. SEA. CAeocar, London. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 13.-A word of seven letters find; Eeverpsedthe sgme 'twill be; One who" rdoovers it does mean- Now find it out for me. E, LEIDHOLP,
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 14.-When you dined, supped, and breakfasted out of a spoon, When existenoe was ruled by a nurse, When you cried in an agonized voice for the moon, And all night would your sorrows rehearse' When you tore papa's whiskers in infantine rage, What soothed you with musical charm. And acted like music your grief to assuage, And made your wild bosom grow calm P Why, bells I And attached to those bells did you see What filled you with glee? That was me I When winter has chilled all the ends of your tees, And bitten the tips of your ears, When the bloom leaves your cheeks, and instead, on your nose A beautiful pink flush appears; When you sit with your feet on the fender, and smile At the boisterous winds as they pass ; When the fire roars and crackles, and blinks all the while, And the hot gin-ger wine fills your glass I When warmth and contentment reign round, do you see What fills you with glee P Why, it's me I F. R. COULSoN. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word Is changed, to form another word In the narrative.) 15.-As out for a stroll near the Highgate ponds, On a moonlight first, when, with magic wands The waters are touched, and the silvery glint Of the moon's bright beams throw a pure next tint Of mystic whiteness o'er surrounding trees, You sn language amorous try to please Your fair companion Annie; and, instead, Find you catch a violent oold in the head. What sympathy does she try to extend ? As on, along the pleasant paths you wend, Is it not true ? that, with angelic voice She whispers low, "My dear, you have your choice; The reason you've caught the cold in your hel ( Is just this-you've come out to-night, dear Fred, With it empty; say now, am not I right ? .I answered in anger, quite true and trite, "Yes, pretty girl, it's full of love grown cold, So now of my arm, please, unloose your hold !" C, DRanon, London. METAGRAMS. (Chano the first letter of i word to form another word.) 16.-In an arbour, half reclining, Mirabel one day lay, pining For her lover far away; Listlessly her hands were hanging, Loud the village bells were clanging, Token of departed day. "Am I doomed to sigh for ever ? Shill I see his fair face never ? Am I doomed to pine and die? Why is he upon the billow With the ocean for his pillow, While I here do fret and sigh P" Mirabel then cried in anguish, "Oh, why must 1 idly languish In this beauteous, mocking place ?" Then a step upon the gravel Told the wand'rer, tired of travel, Had returned. With smiling face Swiftly in his arms he caught'hor; Kisses, dozens, he had brought her, Presents, too, from o'er the sea. And he kissed away the tear-drops, While she coyly ate some pear drops. "Primal, will you second me," Soft she.cried; "for we've been roaming Often when did fall the gloaming, Yet you never did propose." And she archly said, " My father Thinks its time that you did-rather." And he did so, I suppose. W. KonaLn , Cambeorwell. 17.-0 ye riddling knights and ladies, This is my first essay, The one riddle I have made, is Before your eyes to-day. No first have I, I know well, Like Wallis's, or Gow's; Pegasus does not go well, Yet pray keep straight your brows. I will not second longer In insignificance, My resolve grows ever stronger With you to couch a lance. And though in this famed "Tournament " I may not win your grace, Nor never last an ornament, Or win a leader's place; Still, if this wins the favour Of him who ruleth here, My will shall never waver To be a worthy peer. C. S. 18.-A wondering little maiden, Of summers scarcely six, Stood gazing at the heavens above, And did her gaze transfix Upon a great pale cloud of blue, Exclaiming sweetly low, "First makes next smoke all move alon', An' where to does it do ? My mamma says dat when I die, If I do never-tire, I'll go up dere on win's all white; An' den put out dat fire." V. D. TAYLon, Warrington, 19.-My firs's a firm support, Change head, without a doubt You'll view what land produces, Now please to find me out. GoMAHAWK. 20.-A part of myself, a part of my dress, A beautiful flower, and a quantity guess. T. Nixon, Dudley Colliery. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 21.-To Young Folks I've come whole, as you may see, Thanks for your kind inquiries after me; And though so high the loss (P) of me you'vereckoned. I know'not if my advent is first second. Unchanged I am, and I will ever be Your very true DIANA R. O'.D. 22.-First is a word which means not old, Next is emplbyed when fuel is sold; My whole, when 'tis by you combined, A philosopher will bring to mind. BLACK EAGLE, REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 23.-I come from a tree; yet, strange to say, Read backwards, I quickly can scamper away; 1 travel, if forwards you'll read me again, To different countries across the wide main. SYNTAX, Warrington. 24.-My first does sure a market pean, Without the least of doubt; Beversed, a vehicle is seen- Now try to find it out, O, l)wsonno.
TRANBPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to tform another word.) 25.-Some weeks ago sa amateur performance In singing and reciting--joys complete- Came off within a concert hall in London, And there, upon the dight I took my seat, I quite expected something really brilliant, The programme with such promise seemed to bloom; But after being in there fifteen minutes, I wished I'd never seen that concert room. A gentleman commenced the gay performance By fairly yelling out " My pretty Jane" ; His face was long and mournful, and his sighing Betokened that the fellow was in painu; On finishing, he stepped behind the curtain, And up to him I swiftly made my way; "My friend, can I assist you in your trouble ?" One blow, and senseless on the floor I lay. Ten minutes after-when at last recovered-- I staggered back towards my vacant seat, To find that all my trials were but beginning, And half their horrors I could not repeat; I'll simply say that, while reciting shrilly " The dream of Eugene Aram," at a pace That threatened once or twice to fairly burst her, A buxom first fell fainting on her face. I darted up, drew out my penknife quickly. And next a small incision in her arm ; This made her rise as briskly as a rocket, Which life-like action quelled the crowd's alarm; But, with a tenor chirping like a linnet, A bass, whose voice would shame a lion's roar, And one reciter lisping like a cricket, I'd had enough, and bolted for the door. F. G. WEDB, Southwark. DUAGRA1Vl. (Olhannje the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 26.-I thought I'd serenade my love, And with sweet songs her hau- heart move, So that my presence she would greet With happiness and transports sweet. With this resolve I bent my way Towards her home, with spirits gay; I gained the house, built in the style Of olden times, and paused awhile. I tuned my lute, and sweetly played "Dublin Bay," and "The Anchor's Weighed;" Then stopped to hear if answer came, Or if a voice e'en breathed my name. A harsh one fell upon my ear: "-list, Rover I Catch him I Ilist, man here 1" I sprang at once in great affright, And quickly vanished out of sight, l)ctermined ne'er to go ngain, E'en if her sweetest love I'd gain. J. BoDsN, Glasgow, 27.--I am a lord of high degree, And cannot read or write ; Such things do not agree with me- I am a man of chivalry- A dashing, slashing knight, And only care to fight. I live for love-for war-romance- Don't first to me of books I- For fame, renown, coy maiden's glance; Oh, who with me will next a lance- Sir Reginald de Snooks ? Odsbodikinsl Gadzooks But, hark I there's some one calling, " Fred, It's late-put out the light." Eh P Time all boys were snug in beod? That knocks romance upon the head. Oh, very well-all right' We must postpone the light. Confound it a- Good night ! F. G. TArLOit, Birkenhead. 28.-I saw her frst, took just one glance- 'Twas all I could have dared ; I fear, perchance, that Cupid's lance Hadi caught me unprepared. I did not even Know her name, And yet 11 oved her mn)or. ; For when love came, 'twa.s jest the hams-- I could not shut the door. Time rolled on; when next I saw her last, 'Twas useless to have tarried ; Like a sudden blast, love soon lowy past-- I found that she was married ! I. W. M'DONNELL, Dubijn. DECAPITATION S. (Drn,p the first letter of a word. leavin. another word.) 29.-Through quite a fairy knoll I happened once to stroll, Upon a bright and lovely summer's day; And as I by did pass Through evergreens a mass I saw a sparkling fountain gaily play, And all around was fair, And flowers perfumed the air, Whilst in a not so final distant wood, The birds were trilling lightly, The sun was shining brightly, And a clear, cool lake around the fountain stood. There water lillies grew In number not a few, And around it all a velvet lawn was laid, Where flowers of primal hind Were tastefully combined, In beds that all in varied shapes were made. F. PmILLI's, Mottingham. 30.-What means to break, if you behead, A game with cards you have instead. C. SAysoM, London. It.·------