RIDDLE TOURNAMENT, DOUBLE ACROSTIC.
(The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or word Foundation Words. 1.-Primals still here I That "light of other days, Who finals gained of old upon this page, ' Disdains, e'en now, to rest upon his bays, For time has yet to quench his " noble rages! Cross Words. The white cliffs of primal we sighted at second, And cheered to the fourth as we watched them aheadi Though stormy the voyage had third and contrary, The winds our good ship lke a swift fifth had sped So our helmsman observed of our finals, with pride (Some indirect praise to himself that implied). ACROSTIC. D. Goa, (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other worej Foundation Words. 2.-Happy meetings, joyous greetings, Then the trial of skill; The time is near, and we are here To puzzle, if you will. Cross Words. First afternoon is really bright- I cannot stay indoors. Next blue the sky I A charming sight, Instead of rain downpours. Young Folks is third; but yet 'tis nice To fourth a walk sometimes. And I have read my fifth, and all The seventh clever rhymes. 'Tis sixth for'me to try and guess Each witty puzzle con.; For really, friends, I must confess The more I ponder on Lines o'er your eighth, more far away The answer seems to be ! I'd rather puzzle, if I may, Than have you puzzle me! I love to look my ninth the next Beloved so well and long, And read the cons., although perplexed Am I by many a song. Tenth riddle next indeed, you'll say, Dear Ed., must be, I know. But twelfth, before I say good day, There will be last to show My grateful thanks to all now here, For listening to my rhyme. Accept best wishes, riddlers dear; We'll meet another time. LoTTIE W., Brighton, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another wordt the narrative.) 3.-I could stand a man shouting of Franchise, or even A child kissing me with a treacley mouth; I could wait for my'sweetheart from four up to seven, And rush to the north when I want to go south; I could bear losing tenpence in diving for prizes, And smile quite angelic when often I find At breakfast my milk nearly full of dead flies is; But I really can't stand my cons. being declined. I could listen and writhe while a " dear girl" Is singing " The 'orn hof the 'unter his 'eard hou the 'ill;" I can wait like a "Job" while the waiter is bringing The change for my sovereign to settle his bill; I could walk on for miles with my corns aching madly, And, though ready to drop, smile, and say "I dont mind ;" But the thing that most vexes me, grieves me molt sadly, Is reading in Young Folks " Your cons, are declined!" I could stand having snowballs thrown at me by schooL boys, Being out on a heath in a downpour of rain; And that, you're aware, is remarkably cool, boys, And when you've once had it, don't want it again. All these I could stand, ay, and very much more. is The catalogue large enough, or shall I find Anything else P But what I most abhor is, This answer in Young Folks-" Your cons. are declined." W. D. PICKKRItNG, Southwark, 4.-A maiden fair, with golden hair, And cheeks whose blush the rose might borrow, With heart as yet untouched by care, And eyes undimmed by any sorrow, Had on her pillow laid her cheek, The curtains of her window drawn, When, hark ! she hears a frightful squeak, And, see! a figure on the lawn. To the aforesaid pretty maid A love-sick " booby" with a harp Had come to sing his serenade: " And must we, then, for ever part ?" "In sooth, I think you rather must i" A voice replied-or angry roar; And Romeo, see, is in the dust. That night his head was vrey sore. And his good Sunday harp was gone- The harp which gave him so much trouble; However,'he has changed his song To " Love is all an empty bubble." PATna. 5.-Give heed, and listen to my plea; Each knight and lady must, with me, Over thine absence from this throng Regret. Why silent thus so long? Give heed to this, my fond desire: Employ again thy well-strung lyre, To charm us with its dulcet strain. Resume thy lance. Come, swell again Our lists, where oft in victory You've shone, and all shall welcome thee. T. NIxon, Dudley Colliery. ENIGMA. 6.-I skirt the base of many a frowning mountain, I wander slowly o'er each verdant plain, I madly rush through gorges deep and awful, And linger oft by many a hallowed fane. I beautify each fair and smiling landsc.apo, Adorning all the face of Nature dear; Yet, with a fury fearful and resistless, I devastate the country far and near. Though bright and pure within my own dominis-" Mankind defiles, and robs me of my charms, Until, nll black and murky as dark midnight, I sink to sleep within fair Ocean's arms.0mnos LOGOGRIPHS. (A word whioh may be treated as a metagram decapit tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfeot ...oer operation.) 7.-For first a foreign country find, From whence you get your tea; To all of you it's known I'm sure, As it is known to me. A letter from behind let fall, And quickly then transpose; Behold, a measure now's in view, And so my con. I'll close. G , ] .-What you are looking at now, behead, And afterwards onrtail, An apimal you'll haveinstead: I To solve this do not faiL . e 'G. A. JONass, Live
!ONOPHONE. (Wos of different meaning, bit the same in sound.) .The shades of night had fallen o'er the earth, ihe sdnight chimes had throbbed and ebbed away; ishapes the roadsideitfees gave birth, d timid mortal near the wood dared stay, ferul dread I forced my first along, i, on a sudden, footsteps met my ear, d ing sharply round, I saw a thirong' )f peop , flying on like frightened deer' sear was I that, though so dark the night, gleaming blade in every hand I scanned; Slery blood grew curdled at the sight, lith pangs of fear my soul became unmanned. bat cruel mission had these ilends in mind ? Wat awful slanughter did they contemplate P net my thoughts no time could I then find, idsoI swore to follow, watch, and wait. :y reached the wood, and soon a fearful sound Sept through the air towards my hiding-place; heart with frantic horror gave a bound, clammy tingling overspread my face. Tis murder They are killing him 1" I gasped; lid at my cry a man before me stood. ..ut up that noise "--and here my mouth he clasped- We've only come to chop a little wood i" F. G. WEBB, Southwark. OXEGRAMS. lThe lastletter of a word is changed to form another word.) 10.--0h, cats I you nasty, horrid things, Why can't you quieter keep ? I've been first bed three hours or more, And now can't get to sleep. You mewing beasts ! I'll pay you out For this to-morrow morning; I'll kill you all, next you don't stop Your base, unearthly yawning. F. J. HODGES, Greenwich, ll.-A 11 hail! thou bard of wit so keen, R ight volatile you've always been; C omposing mirth and humour bright, H ow wittily each con. you write I E ach bolt you shoot first sure to tell, R eason and sense combined as well, B oth last wit and fun you all excel. F. BRIDLEa CHARADES. IFormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) -All hail! Each first and poet, swell your numbers; For, peeping in the " Letter-Box" one day, I gleaned that some, vexed with uneasy slumbers, Wished to abolish this our "Tournalay "- That is, they could not see-so spoke our Editor- What were its purposes, and what its uses. But let us first, determined to defer Unly to words the critic just produces. Yes, we willfirst and second, too, and should Our whole not bear us, or too slowly journey, We'll climb the hill afoot where Thalia stood, And gather graces fresh to deck the " Tourney I" R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham. -I take my pen, and once again I sit And try to make a riddle for the "Tourney." ly first's a vehicle, you'll all admit, Ou which we sometimes make a pleasant journey. Ily second stands confessed, a kind of fish, Before your eyes, if only you will look; 'Twill make, I hear, a very pleasant dish, Ii put into the hands of a good cook. MIy next's a passage o'er a brook or stream, Made where it's not too deep to drown a man; My whole's a town in Leinster to be seen. Now I conclude I've written all I can. PATRIc S. DUAGRAMs. ge the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 14.-Springtime has arrived once more In all its youthful bloom, And nature's wakened, as of yore, To clear away the gloom. No more the wintryswinds do blow Their mournful, sad. refrain; No more we see the first of snow, For springtime's here again. The little birds upon the tree All welcome it with song; The little stream is full of glee, As it doth run along; The sheep that on the meadows stray, They bleat in joyful strain, And all the earth is bright and gay, To welcome spring again. The leaves commence to grow again Upon the trees so high; And flowers, helped by second rain, Begin to ope their eye; The little birds sit in their nest, And joyfully they sing, And nature looks her very best, To welcome happy spring. J. FRANELIN. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 15i-While walking hastily along, I noticed, o'er the road, A man whose features, pale and wan, The pangs of hunger showed. And as so wearily he moved, With face that held last hope, I wondered why he kept his hand Secreted 'neath his coat. Seized with a vague uneasiness, I stayed upon the spot, When, with a movement rapid, from The coat his hand he got, And, as thus he stood one moment, Glancing up and down the road, I recoiled, for the uncovered hand A glittering pistol showed I Grave thoughts of murder, suicide, Ran quickly through my brain; But time must-first be lost, for now He hastened up the lane. One instant's space-I reached him Bat, disgusted, turned and left, As I saw, with cat.like movements, To a pawaibroker's he crept ! =iT. RIorSToc, Birmingham. I as sitting by the river, by the great and mighty he silene was unbroken--l around seemed Itought me, thought me slowly, with accelerated
4t, sac thing to be lying buried in the mighty Iter t d ierce the water, and my thoughts grew cold. be slain in battle than lie there, so still and .n there rose upon the surface, and spread out, as "a bubble--iike eistene--very great, but hardly e a, first does existence, and upon the water n pthee ihtest ripple, and I thought how ars I got no farther, for, without the least et I'd tumbled in tt water, and I found itsvery
METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 17.-He gave a brilliant speech, which was Most heartily applauded; His views were pop'lar, and his name. Was by the papers lauded. His primal to a subject which Was drawing much attention Evoked great int'rest; and he then Some striking facts did mention. Returning home one pitch.dark night, I met an apparition Which filled my mind with sudden fright ('Twas foolish superstition). A merry laugh dispelled the next And shamed my idle fancy. Enveloped in a snow.white shawl, Stood my own sister, Nancy. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. 18.-Dear mother, I'm coming home to-morrow, Ere long you will see your dear boy; I shall carry no tidings of sorrow, But news of great comfort and joy. Tell Harry I've bought a canary, A nice little first, green and white; And a beautiful album for Mary, She'll gaze at its lasts with delight. I've at picnics and parties attended, But these joys will now soon be o'er; Yes, to-morrow they all will be ended, But what may at home be in store ? For my loving sister and dear brother, Wishes I enclose fond and true; And the most peaceful wishes, dear mother, I joyfully send unto you. W. CARTER, Birmingham. 19.-With flying feet a spirit speeds O'er Nature's fair domain, Plenty in her train she leads, And sweet, refreshing rain. Where'er she steps the flow'rets grow, The birds more blithely sing; With joy she doth my first endow, The ever welcome Spring. With burning brow a spirit speeds O'er meadow and o'er plain; She propagates the flower seeds, And ripe's the golden grain ; Her breath absorbs the tiny stream That ripples o'er the stones; And youth in golden Summer's dream Heeds not reproof's stern tones. With brow enclosed in golden sheaves, And with a vine.wreath bound, To golden brown he turns the leaves, That lie upon the ground, For Autumn gives with lavish hand, A bounteous supply, And plenty smiles throughout the land, Where Autumn passes by. Pale Winter comes with frost and snows, And binds the smiling earth With an icy next that tighter grows At ev'ry snowflake's birth. But yet he brings sweet Christmas-time, A season highly prized; 'Tis known and loved in ev'ry clime Where man is civilized. E. A. CRoxAR. TRANSPOSITIO N. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 20.-In Pigglesville once lived a youth, Whose cognomen was " Phrogg," forsooth; And " Phroggie " had a craving eye For-oh, delightful dish I-eel pie l The luscious viand was his all, And seemed his senses to enthral'; While every moment heard his sigh For more-first oceans more-eel pie I One very sultry summer's day Young "Phrogg" had drawn his weekly pay, And down the street began to fly, As flashed across his brain-eel pie ! Up, up and down he wildly ran To find the famous eel-pie man; Once more, entrancing thought, to buy His soul-inspiring dish-eel pie I Oh, joy I the pieman comes in sight, And serves him with his heart's delight; One glance he gives, then, with a sigh, . Bolts fully half his rich eel pie I But for his rashness in that raid Upon the pie he dearly paid; A bone of supple form lay nigh Embedded in that nice eel pie l One gasp he gives, turns white and red, The bone is in his throat-he's dead L This lesson, friends, please here espy, Beware for next of crisp eel pie I E. L. HOLLAND. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word) 21.-I first this to the Editor, And hope 'twill gain a place; If not, I'll try once more to stride On in the riddling race. Should, then, my efforts win success, My next and aim I gain; It is to join this riddling band Of far and wide-spread fame. F. HARDING, Eastbourne. 22.-A slowly creeping, slimy slug, Please quickly find it out; Behead, my next upon your hand You'll find, without a doubt. F. PHILLIPs, Mottingham, CONUNDRUM. 23.-Come hither, friendly riddlers, I'm in a" fog " or " damp;" Can you kindly tell me when A lamp is not a lamp ? Come, with your quick wit solve my con., And help a puzzled brother on. a.oIsrns.T