jIDDLE TOURNAMENT. S TRNSPOSITION.
ranspose the letters in a word to form another word.) 1.-The sun was shining brightly, The breeze was blowing lightly, And all the first in golden beauty smiled, When, fresh and flower.laden, A bonny, blue-eyed maiden Came tripping through the forest thick and wild, But, hark I above her singing, Through wood and mountain ringing, A gun.shot woke the echoes from their rest; And soon the maid was lying Upon a hillock, dying, A crimson tide outpouring from her breast. Behold the poacher I kneeling Beside his victim, feeling A world of pain upon his second rolled; While her pure spirit, springing From earthly care, was winging Its flight towards the gates of shining gold. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. sters us a word are transposed, and form another word in the nar'rativeo 2.-'Tis summer; Nature all is dressed, Nor longer Joy is wed To Sadness, who, to shame confessed, Now hides its drooping head. The woods are hung with blossoms fair, With roses rich the bowers; The gale that sips their fragrance rare Breathes sweetness on the hours. The fields present a flowery view, The hedgerows all are gay; SAnd violets with their eye-bright hue Bloom by the dusty way. With cheerful notes the woodland rings, The skylark tunes the air, And squandered bees, with busy wings, Hum music here and there. WIth rippling voice the wasting stream Pursues its moss-paved way; Oh, life is like a heavenly dream With Nature all so gay I T. Nxos, Dudley Colliery. RIPLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. pose the letters of three words to form three other words, expressed in the narrative.) p forth, ye noble Marshalls, greet me with a pet's Blair, e notes so loud and brazen float upon the quiv'ring , 'ye minstrels, long and loud, as I my banneR. eta high, y motto is Excelsior, and I will ne'er say Dye. astride my noble charger, and I will like Archer B., othing shall me sTay, tor, no I'll race to victory at thought of care or sorroW, all is fair for him o tries: own unaided efforts I will win the precious prize. search for fame and glory my prolific pen shall b E. mar-I mean a crowbar, that will soon enable me e the chest of treasure, which I will do in a trice, mits dazzling contents Pickering of greatest Price, on my trembling finger, press it with the other ave all the slaves and genii of the sphinx at my mmand; hen I've won the greatest name that mortal ever won, ,happy then, and never till that glorious task is sn. T. CARPENTER. OMEGRAMS. elast letter of a word is changed to form another word.) d Jabez Foote, the butterman, tiring of business Cares, Sup his mind to " realize," and then to settle down' find him installed in a first little house in one of the trim little squares- and his wife and daughters two-not far from Camden Town. ht Mrs. F., the vain old soul, " How nice 'twould be to gain oting in good society 1" And heaven and earth she moved hons to this ball or to that soirds to obtain; all in vain, for time-after time her efforts fruitless "proved. S re'sa saw that says, "All things will come to those who wait"- t is, if they wait long enough I-and so it proved; for one t day brought with it invitations to a ball and fete, n by Lady Fuessington in honour of her son. there was such a flutter in the Foote establish. ment- udemonium reigned in their erstwhile peaceful dly.penned acknowledgment immediately was sent cssiutons' to promise that they certainly would passed quick, and when the time drew last for them to startw i gorgeously attired they went-their hostess they footman at the ball-room door quite overdid his part aouning, "Mr. hand Mrs. Foote, likewise the S. FRANKLIN AND G.. H. PERRY, 5.t-There's a maiden sweet and comely, With a face all bright and cheerful, Who my heart has taken from me, And has left me sad and tearful For I can t declare my passion, Though I'm sure I ne'er should rue it. '"hough the telling seems so simple, Still I don't know how to do it. So I'm waiting-still am waiting_ For a chance to tell her quickly ; And I try to smile indiff'rent, Though the effort is but sickly. Then I fidget sigh, and shuffle, Whilte she's at her ease, not guessing All the love that's in me burning First my suit she would be blessing. So I talk about the weatheir, Whil the sweet and smiling'sumer. While I'm thinking of a rival Whom I hate-a gay new-comer. Riva p Welol, as yet 'tis.doubtful, For I cannot say how true it Stayl I'll ask her third the morrow, But I don't know how to do it. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. Caeth ENTRAL CHANGE. _th centrdletter of a word to formin another word.) 6"Prhmal iseaten every day, Though not, alas I by all; In many shapes 'ti soeen byonu; Now centre change; if done aright nword you then fillview. e Which means distrane from side toiside. - now bid Y'ou adji8u .
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.-Leaves are turuing sere and brown 'Neath stern autumn's gloomy frown; Sighs the .rind an accents low 'Mong the branches to and fro; O poor old tree, Soon you will be Leafless, bare, a thing of woe. Balmy summer first is fled; Flowers we loved are long since dead; Pretty birds nszt longer sing- Ere now they have taken wing; All seems so sad, No longer glad, Like death-bells tolling ding, dong, ding.t E. J. T. B. 8.-F riend, I've not forgotten your smart little rhyme B estowed in my praise, in the sweet summer.time; B ight gladly we notice some promise of skill I n the very few cons. we have had from your quill. D on't let reticence within you exist, L earn from first riddler your presence is missed; E nter your name last the " Tournament" list. ARCHER B., Kentish Town. 9.-The ship was sailing merrily along, The sun was shining brightly on her deck, Around the vessel's bows nesa anxious throng Stood watching eagerly that little speck That like a cloud appeared in the far distance. But as we nearer drew, before us, there We saw without the telescope's assistance Our native country smiling bright and fair, First shouts of joy re-echoed through the air. W. J. M'Coataz. ARITHMOREMS. (An aorostio. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flgures.) Foutdation Word. 10,-O'er the landscape, as I stand Gazing~on with eyes of wonder, Not a breath seems to awaken From their dreamy, midday slumber Nature's workers; o'er the land, Labour seems at rest-forsaken. Gaze I overhead and, dreaming, View the primal skies and golden; And my thoughts point like a token To the happy days of olden, And upon my soul is beaming A reflect of joy unspoken. 0ross Words. 200 and epta To receive. 101 ,, uz A mineral. 150 ,, neu A relation. 1,500 ,, eere To recover. 56 ,, e Corrupt. ExcELsIOI. Foundation Word. 1.--Oh, though much loved by all oar riddlers true, Who make fond feelings in our hearts to rise, I now my kindest thanks give unto you: Long may you live, our work to criticise. Cross Words. 501 and hbet A girl's name, you'll say. 500 ,, wna At opening of day; 1,00L ,, atpr To share a part is this. 51 ,, at Part of a dog, which 550 , wsoa A man's tame now see. 501 ,, enerer A foreign animal I be. J. G. NCoHOLLS, Milton. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 12.-The cold winds are sighing, The Autumn is dying; The Earth, clad first mourning, kneels down by his bed. So meek, and so lowly, She sees him fade slowly, Till his heart beats no longer, and Autumn is dead. Bold Winter advances. The cold sunlight glances Neat his white.armoured hosts, as they marched on their way. The Earth, weak and trembling, Beholds them assembling, And humbly bows down to old Winter's dread sway. THE UNKNOWN. 13.-The "Tournament" possesses " lights" as brilliant as of yore, I think that you will all with me agree; There are those who write pathetically, and those who make you" roar,' I think that you will all with me agree. There are ladies, too, who form no meagre portion of our band, For their names are "household words" in many dwell- ings through the land; And in times of " sieges" they will always make a gallant stand- I'm sure in that you'll all with me agree. There's that master both of pathos and of humour, David Gow, I think that you will all with me agree; He's a star of greater magnitude than many we have now, I'm sure that you will all with me agree. Whether poetry or prose he writes, true talent it will 'show: His "pie.dog" I shall not forget for many years, I know; I laughed o'er it first much that last a doctor I'd to go- I hope in that with me you'll all agree. There are other (k)nights whom I might call (not just to pun, now) stars, I think that you will all with me agree; There's Free Lance, and there's Mark L. Raw, two clever riddling " tars," I think that you will all with me agree. Then while we have such geniuses I think we need not fear That " duffers" in the " Tournament" will any time ap. pear, But that its fame will keep on getting greater every year : In that, now, don't you all with me agree P T. ROYsTON, Birmingham. ENIGMAS. 14.-We are a score, nay, sometimes more, Within a cave reside; Though seldom we e'er disagree, We very oft divide; If we fall out, it is a doubt If e'er we meet again. Both beau and belle our worth can tell, Yet sometimes cause 'em pain; In white array, the ladies gay In mirth will often show us; From what is said, we are afraid You will too quickly know us. C. Hurxa. 15.--In every happy home I am seen; I'm that which o(t inspires a kiss; I am that which all have some time felt, Which oft ensures enduring bliss. D. SELBOItrE, Wrrington. LOGOGRIPH. (A word lhioh may be treated as a mntagram, decapitation, dole' tlin, and transpositfen, but leaves a perfect word after eanh operation.) 10.-A kind of tree I here display; The final letter take away, And then tra~nsiose when to your sight ''omes somethinig whioh affords us light. Isfnixairgl;
MONOPHONES. (Word aof different meaning,. but the same in soundJ 17.-ks Strephon and Chloe were sitting one day Minding the sheep, in the bright summer weather, The youth to thefiret said, "My Chloe, dear, say Wilt wed me, so we may be always together ' Then Chloe next answer, "My Strephon, you know I'm yours." Then said he, " Now no longer we'll tarry, Just den thy new kirtlo and off we will go To the parson, to ask him how soon we may marry." ANNIE A. ARoYxsON, Birmingham. 18.-Ye who with eagerness peruse The poems that from week to week Appear in this our" Tourney's" page, Attend to this my monophone; Though written in a curious tone, It may your riddling powers engage. If first like Cicero could speak, Or write as favoured by the muse, If such were so, then would I write Cons. by the million for this page. Then I might say, " I have last fame." Alas I there's no such luck for me: There's no "To be or not to be" About this question, for my name Shall ne'er descend from age to age; Nor shall I ever gain a sight Of Fame's great fane. PATRICK, Belfast. 19.-I am first in the humour * This next to now untie; But if my eyes deceive me first, A knife I do espy. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. DOUBLE ARITHMOREM. (An acrostlo. The letters of cross words th it are Roman numerals expressed in fRgures.) Foundation Words. 20.-Alas I that e'er monopoly should cease I! 'Tis true our sphere is growing worse; The bard of talent shall not henceforth use A file and half a file in verse. Methinks, in armies of the proudest fame The arms are shorter than of yore; So from the " Tourney " scatter far these wholes- Let short cons. shine for evermore. Cross Words. 150 and a To get my first, rupees you'll need One hundred thousand coins indeed. 500 ,, oo My puzzling clouds you've quitedissolved, And simple second quickly solved. 1 ,, atnon A tribe of people dwell in third, Who have one government, one king, Who speak one tongue (so I have heard), Bound fast as ties of birth can bring. 55 ,, goes Last will a cov'ring soon display, Worn on the hand. Now, friends, good day. AGONISTEs. ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 21.-A riddler of great fame, Below you'll find his name. Cross Words. An animal in first you'll see, A dear old friend of mine has three. A riddler's nom do plume is this, 'Tis known to every boy and miss. In third you'll see a city's name- Upon the Thames you'll find the same. While walking out, I found the oJourth Was blowing strong towards the north. A. DYKEs, Southampton. Foundation Word. 22.-He takes us in his arms And on us blows his breath, Which wafts us into dreamland Through the gates of temp'ral death. Cross Words. My first is a high piece of land; My neat, you will find, means command; My third oft of hemp is composed; A portion in this is disclosed; In my fifth a small animal see ; Next is a well-known country; In seventh a judge you may view Now I'll stop. Dear eighth, adieu. DaGiooN. Foundation Word. 23.-With silent strides the primals comes, While terror.stricken thousands fly ; It fills with sorrow happy homes, For where it visits Death is nigh. Cross Words. Both light and heat to this we owe A kind of herb you all will know; A precious stone is this, my third; My fourth's a small and common bird; Unt> the fifth I'm drawing now Of this sixth; so, if you'll allow, I'll say adieu last make my bow. A. Arssmean , Manchester. DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 24.-Hope I when childhood muses, Future life unrolls, Where ambition chooses, Paths to highest goals, And with a future fair, our present hour consoles. But fame's glorious palace Crowns a rugged hill. And life's sweetest chalice Deeds alone can fill. Fate's breezes move life's bark. The helm is man's own will. The future has attractions Which hope may reveal; But not dreams, but actions, Can stay fortune's wheel, When points its hand at fame, requiting years of zeal. Be not fancy's minions, Nor be slaves to fate; But on labour's pinions First and meditate. Who stays till other years must after next their weight, F. SauriT, Birmingham. 25.-The light is fading in the crimson west, The hills around are clothed in purest snow, And first bright ray, ere Phoebus sinks to rest, Bathes their cold whiteness in a golden glow. And then dark shadows o'er the landscape creep, The leafless trees stretch forth their arms and moan; Last night approaches 'midst the silence deep, And to their nests the tired birds have flown. AUmDE DoOULAs. ANAGRAMS ON EUROPEAN TOWNS. 26,.-More often than not you can hear folks exclaim, " That Brown P Is it P Really, I don't know the name." "He ended his life through a small dose of lead." Why not say, "He was killed in a duel" instead O ass, dear me l To think that you Your follies and jokes will never mrue ! He is a carpenter by trade; The boards he planes are prletty' made, J.,A. Ax,a,
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another wordJ 27.-" I must appear in corduRoys to-night, Said Tim O'Shea unto next friend M'Call; " But," said M'C., " the ladies you'll affright I" Quoth Tim, "No matter; I'll attendfirst ball." M. F. GERAi, Fermoy. 28.-Oft does my first the farmer please, When harvest-time is here; If plentiful, he does not heed The coming winter drear. Behead it enee, and though the sea May seem quite calm to view, Yet watch it closely, you will find It still my net -will do. Behead again, and of a house My last are found a part; The rain in stormy weather they Towards the ground do start. Tim-v. 29.-Oh, do not stand so close to me, or great may be your fall For I am very near the edge, and that you'll not deny; And when I am bereft of head, I'm known unto you all, For in the place I then shall name the merry skaters fly. Now, having taken off my head-I mean head number one- An operation still perform, and when it you have done (That Is, lopped off the second head), upon my choul4ers grown, Then you will get what I new use, as all of you will own. J. TRIMBEY. CHARADES. (l'ormed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 30.-I often tried with main and might To pen a simple con., But the moment I sat down to write, The thought was lost or gone. But from this moment I'll begin With more determined mind, And hope with patience yet to win Eulogiums from mankind. We know full well the Ed. to be A first man, if severe; And I am sure he'll deal to me Full whole throughout the year. To finish out this rugged lay I've sworn to lose no time; Although I'm at it all the day, It's only middling rhyme. So on the second now I'll go, To have some healthy fun; But, ah I there comes in flakes the snow i I'll wait till it has done. P. J. BOYLAr. 31.-The first so blue, 'tis Britain's greatest friend, For there she has unconquered ever been; For ages she her power has always kept, From Caesar to the time of our own Queen. My next is he grandiloquently, who Says of creation he's the only lord; And after due consideration, we Can but acknowledge so with one accord. My last unto my first is very near- What triumphs in this mighty work we see I- These castles which from land to land do go, 'Tis through my last that England is so free. And now my whole does constitute an art Which ev'ry tar does daily strive to learn, That by it at some future day he may A proud position in its brave ranks earn. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. 32.-High in the heavens my first is seen All through the livelong night; In ocean deeps my second dwells Down 'mid the seaweeds bright; "(hile far through the air on pinions a -rift 'My total wings its flight. DEm drcH~es. 33.-My first is a kind of conveyance; To decay put down for second; In whole you'll find a vegetable, If I have rightly reckoned. Ros Anceis. REVERSIONS. (A word whloh read backward forms another word.) 34.-The battle it is over, and the day is nearly spent, As a group of hardy soldiers gather round Sir Oswald's tent; Their brows are flushed with conquest, their hearts beat high with pride, For the early morn has seen them drive the foemen far and wide. Long had the savage robber horde their peacefulness disturbed, But now the gallant Oswald had their plundering spirit curbed; And as they stand there, joyous, on the dew-besprinkled sward, In loud, enthusiastic shouts they break with one accord. " What ho I Sir Leolin, come forth 1"Sir Oswald loudly cries; " Come, tune thy harp to us again, ere day has closed her eyes." At-his command, out came a form whose long and shaggy locks Were like the crispy foam that crowned the treach'rous, sea-girt rooks; His garment is a dust-stained robe of coarsely-woven last, Which o'er his tall but aged form in heavy folds is cast. In his half.naked arms he bears a rude-constructed lyre, On which his fingers deftly move when roused with sund- den fire; He is a first, and loves to sing, in wild, barbarous strain,. The deeds of Britain's heroes on land and rolling main. J. BvcrrY. 35.-Three letters it contains-- A word you often see ; Please reverse, and in your view A measure there will be. A. La. JorBs. CONUNDRUM. 36.-Now, whether you think this is easy or hard, I do not care one jot; But say, can you name me a thing that is found So often where 'tis not P E. L. HOLLaND.