RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MONOPHONE. (Words ( f different meaning, but tho name to sound,)
1.-Yea, once again I'll sing ný,-traiu Of truest, heartiest tpraise Unto the " T.," wherein we seo New friends and old in amity, Gaily inditing lays. Fame.seekers all, they wait the call Of fickle Musa's lyre; Leaving behind first grief and care, Keeping in sight the things most fair, Strive they to final higher. MAGGIE D. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a wo.L to torm: another word.) 2.-I s:ng of the dreadfully dreadful sou Of an awfully awful tan ; A single one of the deeds he's d 'ne Will cause you to hurry your faun. It was on a dismally dismal night, In a fearfully fearful fog, With spirits light, this terrible wight, Went primal by Marshyfen Bog. And there, with a naughtily naughty frown On his spitefully spiteful face, Did lie second the highway up and down, Witu a slow and determined pace. There came bya nervously nervous gent Of the morally moral sect, And the bad boy went, on mischief bent, And the gentleman's progress checked. He waved a brutally brutal stick, With a frightfully frightful zest, And, with motion quick, a brass candlestick lie clapped to his manly breast. The gent, with a painfully painful shriek, Fled away from that mischievons dog; lie was faint and weak, and nould hardly speak, When they found him in Marshyfen Bog. L' ALLEGRO. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word In theu narrl tive.) 3.-Long years ago, in Win-dsor's favoured bounds, A hunter lived, and IHerne was his cognomen ; And with such skill he'd hunt and train his hounds, Tha.t friends, from envy, soon became his foemen. Be.ides, his skill found favour with the king, Who Herne advanced, and to him gave a ring. And then malicious colleagues plot and plan To steal his ring and bring him to disgrace; And with success, for Herne-unhappy man- No more was seen to fiutire in the chase; No more his merry shout in forest rang, For, tired of life, he soon himself did hang. But, ah ! his troubled spirit could not rest, And many were there who beheld his ghost On his black steed, which swift along would sweep, With spectre stag and phantom hounds a host. IHe wore two branching autlers on his head, With rattling chains-at least, it so was said. And once in Windsor's forest stood the oak Whereon he hung himself ; and as the night Comes round on which he died, upon the strnke Of twelve, he walks it round, a hideous sight. The oak has bhen cut down and borne away, And what he walks round now there's none c in sav. CoMus. EN I';,li kS. 4.-I am bard ail stonu-ilearted, Yet you love ime very well, And when summer has dparted, Love me more than I can tell. I am ngly, I am pretty ; I am rough, or I am smooth; And in country, town, or city, I have still the power to soothe. Yet, although so much you love me, Your kind hband is seldom laid On my face, butt far above me Still is held, as though afraid. True, when most you would be near me, I am dirtiest to you, Which may make your hands so fear me, And your feet molest me too. Yet so warm my heart towards you, And so unplrctending I. Wthle such comfort I afford you, There can be small reason wily You should iron me so heavily, And keep mc downward pressed. But just sness my name, blrs, cleverly, While still on earth I rest. RoSA B. 5.-I'm octagonal, oval, rectanenl:ir, square, li'm trittuliur, circulatr, too, I decla e ; I'in as bare as the poll of a bald-headled to nn, And as smooth as the hback of the beautiful swan ; I at: frequently clothed w:th a robe that's as pl're As the undefiled snoiw on an untrodden moor ; 1 amnt poised on one le,, sometimes two, four, or six, Which are subject to numerous well.delined licks; I am dragged up atnd down in a merciless way, And compelled to bear burdens by hours through the dlay ; I am large, and I':n small, alit I'm nmedinum-alzed. .., And am seen by you all as you journey life through; I ant ebony black, and I'm emerald green; I am graced by the peasant, tile lord, and the Queen; I've one head to my body. two sides, and a toot, Amnd oft leaves from my sides have been noticed to shoot; I intorm you of numbers, of sizes as well; And of distances. quantities, values, I tell; I ami useful to ev'ry profession and trade, And by none has my truthfulness e'er beettn ainraytd. J. HUuE, Dundee. 6.-To you I come ; you welcome me With anxious, heating heart ; At n:ght aind morn your fear I share, Yet ofte n m.ke you start. For though I'm calm within myself, Feel ne ther griefs nor joys, I (when D-bring them unto you) Can't come without a noise. My face is s:nug, my white dress clean, Though much about I'm tossed; I have no wishes, yet 'tis true I'u very often crossed. I-come from the red battlefield, I sail across the main, I fly from the Antipodes, And travel back again. There's not a door in Christendom, " Exclusive " though it be. That will not, when my knock it hears, Fly open nunt, me. Grief I may bring, yet joy as oft, And thoughts of friendship true; When next I visit at your door, May I bring joy to you. lrIa BooT. LOGOGRIPIH. A wored wlticll may he terated as a metagruam. decapitstlIn, dele- t toll. It.l i trnlluslositiln, bilt leaves a perfect word afrter each 7.-A word expressing bitter hate, My total does disclose; 'Tis shared alike by small and great, 'irwixt those who still arc foes. Now change the scene, take off my head, A lady comes to view; A sweeter namet may ne'er be said Than this, if tales be true. Decapi ate once more, and, lo i Small insects now appear; Transpose at once, in French will show Whence daylight comes so clear RAestore, take off my head again, iu winter I am seen, In summer, too, I'mu cooling when Your lips are parched, I ween. W, M., eoath,
MLE'T'AG IRAMS. (Ohtano the first letter or a word to form anloti.er word,) 8.-I stood beside a streamlet, And watched it flow along; I eom as in a dream yet To hear its silver song. I stood and mused in sadness O'er days that long had flown, Bright days of hope and gladness, When trials were unknown. The birds' sweet notes were ringing, The branches waved o'erhead, The purling stream was singing, And this is what it said: " Hope on, hope on, Though the days seem long and weary ; Hope on, hope on, Though the first be dark and dreary Childhood's happy hours departed Mako us sad and heavy-hearted, But be trustful, and the sunlight o'er your pathway zi1 once more Cast its golden nexts as brilliant as it did in days c: yore." My thoughts were turned completely, My pensive mood had flown; The birds sang out more sweetly, I seemed no more alone. I dreamed a dream so golden- A dream that seemed divine, And o'er those lasts of olden No more did I repine; But planned the life before me, Resolved to do my best, Till twilight shades came o'er me, And Nature sank to rest. Once more I stood and listened Beside the flowing stream ; My hair like snow now giisteued, I'd lived my golden dream; And feeling life was over, I sought my friend again, Who to the worn-out rover St.ll sang this old refrain : " Hope on, hope on, Never more will days be dreary; Hope on, h3pe on, Never more will life be weary; Youth and childhood are departed, But be bright and happy-he-irted. Still he trustful, and the sunlight in a radiant gleam will pour O'er the pathway you'll be treading on a fairer, lovelic shore.~" iutON L. TAYLOR, Birkeu;lsad, 9.-Brave Johnny Tuck of eight years old, Adventurous and very bold, Cried to himself, in joy, one day, " First next to fight I'll show the way, And for myself I'll earn a name; Dly head shall crown d be with fame. This wooden sword I'll carry rorth. AntL dzsnhty deeds shall prove its worth. So here I go in search of prey : Beware the one who bars my way." He sallied forth amidst the rain, And had prepared to cross a drain, When, hey! a flock of geese drew nigh. He cried, " Now is the time to try Mly sword's keen edge." But. ah ! the goose His good sword from his hand did loose. And Johuny then prepared to ran, But never calculated one Would give him chase; but, alt! he felt it. And all brave resolutions melted, When last down in the drain he lay, Stuck firmly in the miry clay. Thus brave Johnny Tuck, of knightly fame, Was vanquished by a goose nutaome. D. Scorr, Newtongrangc. BETAGRAM. Clhanae the second letter of a word to form another word,) 10.-Towering in its lonely glory O'er the Severn's niurm'ring shore, Thickly crowned with quaint old ivy, Stands the Castle of Glandore. Many years ago, ah ! ages, When its walls were first and strong, Light and life rang through its rafters, Merry jest, and joyous song. But'neath Time's devouring hand.-prints Sank its next into decay; Lost its grandeur, strength, and beaaty, Lost it. ancieut mighty sway. Never more will humau langhter Break its quiet, peaceful rest; Never more its sable turrets Hear the noise of mirth and jest. Still, in all its lonely glory, O'er the Severn's murmn'ring shore, Thickly crowned with quaint old ivy, htands the Castle of Glandore. F. G. W::^_, CHARADE. (Formlt on a word each syl able of which Is a word,) 11.--My first stood on a lonely moor, Its signboard groaued in rain and wind; But aye the traveller shunned the door, Aund, passing, glanced in dread behind. When strangers for a bit and sup Would draw the rein, not long they'd stay Ere rushing out and springing up To saddle, they would ride away, It w:as a dreary place, my first, Where none stayed hunger or slaked thir'd. For, so they said, my seco nd there, Prodigious, terrible, gigantic, Would haunt the chamber and the stair, And iplay full many a fearful antic. Mine host, meanwhile, was not alarmed, But in the mansion calmly living, Appeared to find some custom charmed, For, with no business, he was thriving! Was it not strange ? Despite my sccont, hIls gains not easily were reckonied. At length my wrhole arrived, and took Within my hauntedjirst his lodging; Into my second well did look, And thus disclosed the landlord's dodging. My whole then searched my first all round, As keen and shrewd as any beagle. .My second was a sham he found- The haunting spirits were illegal! And so miue host, d e.pite his struggling, Was handcuffed by my suole for smuggling. AR ITIHMOREIM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are ltoman nutmer.:0 expressed itll ga"res.) Foaundation Word. 12.--Tn Yotng Folks you'll see these if it you peruse, They're the source of both joy andi delight; Antd pleasure on every side they diffuse, For they tell of fun. travel, and fight. Cross Words. 55 and seee A part of your coat in this you will see:; 1 ,, Fnt or next is old England lamed; 55') ,, o Each of us expects this some tim" tobe: S,, ngr In fourth a plain circle is inamed; 502 ,, an A British possession in fifthl you wll fil;: 5 ,, ee A woman of whom you have roast; 51 ,, as What ships often do, last will bring t, your mind- 'Tis a part of one, too, it is said. P. A. WALuoN, Ballyhanuis.