Oar friend G. II. PAINroN to-day takes the lead in the ,IDDLE TOURNAMEN i No. 1. You may see me " Iore'er you survey, This iact there are nfne to tdlsoltte ; On land adi tou ep its tf tie sInd, 'lite, lind tue all sllo.ut and mute. In sel tid-de- u'ktnown r, ;il1in, Uiseen by th' "great hll ;1 1 race, On the .an of my tu,'her i te.t, Coternted to dwel In that place. The wise have oft so,u.gtl to ,obtain The key to um1 wolndeful birth, And tie igjnaorunt utun vw that Could exist in the bowels of earth. Alas I thout I ever beraue Thb eaisoe of contot li , l :l tI s r fn, For men in theli' senr. h af'er tIn Have risked honour, their weal It, even life. But others have traumpled me dlown, Comtpelled me to wallow in mire, Yet been glad to for get their albu e And use me for purpo-es higher. They use me to chronicle deeds (Of the great, the noble and wine, And lhey view me with reverencethen, As proudly I p int to the skies. Ah I had I a tong'e, I could tell .tle as sad as sad os 'tie true, Of grea.t men now Ilm Idered in dust, Of nations now hidden from view. But I shall exist till the day When the horn of the Angel shall sound, Wh a the earth and its glory shall fade, And the promise of peace shali be crowned. Now, Budgetiers. friends one and all, On myeetf I no leager will stay, But tell a lew things that I form When parts of my whlole are away. My initial and final discard, And a sueigh: very heavy you see; Again from my wholl subtract two, And I tell you how many I'll be. G. If. PAINToN. ACROSTICAL ACROSTIO. N o. 2. F .mtellion Wl'or, so W hen you the in tials renad downwards aright, A famed Budget authoress comes into sight. ('rosS Words. Look into your atlas, this country you'll see; K now also that second a country will be; I n this you'll discover a very large bird; M en call this it. e king of the baasts so I've heard; r- lease trace0a levee1 seport, well known ulntt, you; T his ridl Is we ft in our ' 'ournameut " view ; O .r favourite journal is r e Irom ll this ; N ice, pretty, and small is this itwere I wis. F. ED TAYLOR. OMEG I RAM. I love to firsr of gallant Tor, ()f sllverlofks as well ; I like tlem both, ,ut which the best I'm sure Icoanot tell. Their daring deeds all look so next, Their tsohllrge brave and bold, One fancies that we're living in The fairy days f old. In dangerous adventures they In next are neaer found ; You'll always find them in the van If danger's lurking round.. But useless tis for me to try Their virn ues here to name, 'Twould tarn, a next of paper quite To try to do-the same. I hope that all-brevo iheroes who, Lite Sllvearlocks and Tor, Fight for thl-' \eik adrd tleopless, In The end imay last reliard. Tile answer t.o tihis omegram Quite en y ts toi· L; Of each word .itor right the tadl, You'll solve it then.' FaI'rewell. J. MY ERs, Dalton-in- Furness. CIsOSS PUZZI.E. Frequently my first does mean; An animal in next is see : For third you'll surely bring to view A thing that's often used by youn; This ltrge bird flies about the sea; A riddler's name in this you'll see; My sixth will give a towil in Wales; 4e.d seventh is a name for males; In next you'lls e a kind of tree; My lest an English town will be. My centrals, read across and down aright. A famous Budget riddlor will be brought to sight. S. R Bnlusoa EI'GM A. No. t Greatly used, 'bnt spurned by some, I'm found in nearly every htme, In Holland and the haet; Both "idle " Turk no-d "labouring" Dutch Hold me in hvvourvery muoh, And spurn me not the least. Pmvet to those who use me much, T'hough there are some who wouldn't touch M.n: for a-purse of moy0 y; But to the tastse of nmaiy men, Of whm 1h perhaps you have no ken, I am as good as honey. J. MILrs. DECAP; TATION. No a. My first's a country on the map Wh.Tih every one should 'know B3ehead, if y nshould haveoa ijt, . You'1lfeolethislast, I trew. HILDA H.
-LOGOGRIPH. No. 7. A line, account, or scratch, I ween, Twenty of each I still might mean; The state of play I'll tell to you, At cricket, cards, and billiards too. Deprive me of my serpent head, And you shall make a centre dead; While now, if off m tail you take, Transpose, and I a bird shall make; Decapitate, you'll find in me, By transposition, company. From centre dead remove the head, I'm irotn, copper, gold, or load; Transpose, and I am now a deer, Where body, head, and tail appear; Take head and tail from me away, And naught at all I can display. JAMES JonasoN, Rotherhithe. PROVERB REBUS. No. 8. ANON. CHAR ADE. No. 9. One morning to the park I went, A little air to take, And as I glanced I saw my first, Which floated on the lake. On my second ships are lost, Amidstgreat storms and gales. My whole it is a seaport town Of some renown in Wales. J. E. JOSEPH. DECAPITATION. No. 10. My first is what all men posoess, None are without it found, It lies but in a small recess, In some, though, 'tis not sound. But, readers kind, I wish you all The head of first to sever; The farmers gladly see it fall In hot and scorching weather. W. A. A PROVERB REBUS, No. 1L
-9 T. GILMORE, Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. No. 12. Foundation Word. My whole's a last which stands before my nose, Gorged with my first; and I am in the throes Of composition. Ever and anon I bite my pen, and sigh, and drop a tear, Murmuring, "Happy thoughts, why do ye shun My cravingpen ? Alas! Ah, me Oh, dear I" And then I drop two tears, then three, then four, And--but I won't divulge how many more ; They'd wash away my granted space (but yet I call Such tearful style remarkably poetical). Cross Words (very cross words indeed 1). Ah, here's a thought I Oh, hang it! Ain't it awful ? Iere Interrupts my nephew, with his maw full Of lollipops I Hark I The young first would take The liberty to ask if I'd partake I " Next I" I exclaim, in voice of deepest thunder, That threats to rend the roof above asunder. "Away, insulter I Lollipops for me Possess no charms; I feed on poesy. Away I Thy insult's with last anguish fraught." He's gone, Now, let--me-see, what was th..t thought ? E. S. H1o2,';, Liverpool
ACROBTIC, No. 13. Foundation Word. When cross words you Have brought to view, Each, if you please, transpose; In primals then A water-hen Will stand before your nose. Cross Words. Two boys, one day, Went third to play : First had a golden second, Which, by the way, I'll safely say. A luscious thing is reckoned. Upon my word, 'Tis most absurd To last here longer now; I've naught to say, So, friends, good day, I'll take my hat and bow. E. BAXTER, METAGRAM. No. 14. A kind of metal drum In China used is this: If you now change my head, You'll find my first, I wis. And now to get my next instead, Just once more change the former's head. When first and second are combined An English colony you'll find. R. E. D., Exmonth. OMEGRAM. No. 16. Two letters change in each word below. And if 'tis done rightly the answer 'twill show. One morn I watched a little lark First up into the sky. While on the wing I heard him sing His second. Oh, how high The sun to greet on that bright day He went with thrilling voice I As if a next, from pain released, In music did rejoice. HENRY WOODOGATES. M STAGRAM, No. 16 What means a mist, please change its head, An ugly beast you'll have instead. Please change again, and you will find A piece of wood is brought to mind. ARTHUR BENNETT. DELETION. No. 17. An English town you'll please put down, One of renown, I trow ; Take out a man, and you will find Another one, I know. G. A. SUMMERs. ACROSTICAL SQUARE WORDS. No. 18. L o! where my first cleaves through the summer air, O r with a passing thought my next co spare; T ake for my third what's genuine; at present T o wander through a shady fourth is pleasant. Y oung Folks, adieu; in study spend your time, W hereby to find the answer to my rhyme. V. R. CARLosS, Birkenhead. SQUARE WORDS. No. 19. My first is what gentlemen wear; My next is a measure of land ; My third is in winter found bare ; And my fourth's oft scattered by hand. MESSRS. BaoOKa AND HOOD. No. 20. A small piece of wood is this ; Next is an animal, I wis; In third a metal you will see; My fourth Is certainly not free. 8. ROBINSON, DIAMOND PUZZLE. No. 21. First will name a useful plant, Which is in China grown; In second one of the monkey tribe Will surely be made known; A word for ascend third bringsto light; For next a poet we will write; In lifth a beverage is seen; Next is a kind of pulse, I ween; If my last aright you find, A consonant 'twill bring to mind. Centrals across and downwards read right, They'll bring a Budget poet to light. R. E. D., Exmouth. ANAGRAM. No 22. Tiltel kjea nohrer ate ni teh ernocr, Teagin a tiramschs psi, Eh utp ii ihs bumth, nnd delulp otu a lupm, Dan asid" tawh a dogo oby ma I1" ANON. ANSWERS TO RIDDLES, &O., OF LAST WEEK. 1.- Stile, style. 12.- Sam, sat, saw, say, sad. 2.-Rub, bur. 13.-Popular, poplar. 3.- George Grant. Thus: 14.-Rest-less-ness. GibbeT, ElysiaN, OperA, 15.-Myriad (M, 1,000, D. 500), ReaR. GroG, Ear. dairy (I)ee, Wye), diary. 4.-Bat, cat, oat, rat, Pat, arid, raid, aid, Ida. hat, mat, vat. 16.-Cork, rock. 5.- Bib. 17.-Butter, ccutter, gutter, 6.-Landau, land, and, mutter. 7.-Album, alum. 18.- E S S E X 8-Extreme fear dolh S CAR E neither fight nor fly. S A P O R 9.-Tea, eat. 1P: R O D E 10.-Terror, error. X E It E 11.-Judge not a man by the 19.-Lead, Leah, leap, lean. coat that he wears, 20.-Lawn-tennis.