RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE META-PRECE.OMEGRAMS.
(Change thle flirst lctter end .ait but one or a word to form anot r wulord, expressed in tao narratilve.) 1.-HOW oft I dream of faded years, When I was young and free from guile, And, drowned in childhood's hasty tears, Would soothe me 'neath my mother's smile ! Those days have gone: I may repine That I from earlier joys should roam, Yet fancy's weavings may be mine, To gild that long.deserted home. On summer's eve and winter night, When dark the weary world outside, I've known once more the dim delight That filled me ere I wandered wide. I've gazed on phantoms, doubly dear, Thar gathered in the hazy gloom; So mem'ry wafts my spirit near My childhood's happy, happy home. And with the homestead, faded long, Departed childish whims anid tears; Now flourish notions which belong To far maturer holpes and f.ars. No more shall I food parents greet, No more the rod that mnide me foam; I'm living in a distant street- Farewell that happy, happy home ! Po:ET, Manchester. 2.-Puffing, puffing, puff, puff-pufing His leviathau pine of toil, Travels swift the locomotive, Life of rain, iron, coals, and oil; Hear his gusto, firm and steady, Truly proof of iron will. " Jog Along " is his lit title, Ruver of the dale and hill, Never grumbling in his rumbling Over metals miles, miles loung; And I guess from his shrill whistle He can cheer himself with soi,;;. Stopping n ,w at. junction station:;, Takmng on, and loads to doff ; But his rest's not of the sluggard- Signal, whistle, suort-he's of t!- Off again upon his journey, Ev'ry " faculty " in use, And, if he should "leave the metals," He might count it his abuse. Through all weathers, stormy, shiny, Paceth he, the tireless steed, Two brave pilots at the steera ge, Eagle-eyed, in breakneck speed. Many are the well-earned praises That the soldier, sailor, gains; Silent is the tribute proffered 'To the drivers of our trains. V. D. TAYLou, Warrington. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRA.M. (cange the two last letters of aIt word to triu nllother word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to " 'l'Te Yeomcti of she Guard,.") 3.- Were I a bard Thin editors so hard Would not discard The labours of my pen, Were I a bhad. This heartless earth, Of p:ty har n d,:ertrh, Should kitirw mty worth- Should date its change from then, Were I a bard. No more confused In seeking themes unused I'd be. Accused Of subjects aged, oh, ne'er, Were I a bard. No more I'd hear The neighbours threats so clear Creating fear. Not praise enough they'd spare Were I a bard. No more at night By feeble caidleidght I'd wage the fight With many a halting line, Were I a bard. And would I wait, With patience hardly great, To learn the fate Of efforts small of mine, Were I a bard ? The world I'd find (To solace uninclined) Almost too kind In treatment then to me, Were I a bard. And when my days Were ended, they would raise, As lasting praise, Statues-but then, you sea, I'm not a bard. J. STocszs, Lambeth. OMEGRAM. (The lastletter of a word is chanced to form another word.) 4.-Oh, I love to hear the rain Beating 'gainst my window-pane, And to hear the wild wind's din, When I'm safe and snug within. And the wind that does no harm Has to me an equal charm, For its gusts from o'er the plain Sweep the cobwebs from my brain. And I love to see the snow Whiten everything below; And there's something truly grand In Jack Frost's mysterious hand. He the river's strength disdains, For he can with icy chains Bind it fast; and at his will Bid the roaring tide be still. First with equal power so well Can the sun Jack Frost dispel, And with smiling face of gold Bid him quickly loose his hold. And at the command of One Come the rain, wind. frost, and sun; Next His precious gifts I'll call, ,And appreciate last all. F. PIIILLas, Maidstone. CHARADES. (Fr,,r vd oi a word esoan syllahle of whichi is a wor.t *.-Away firsf in the lands where lions are roaming, And secotids of etuty are seen all around, Thit's where my thoughts uver fly in the gloaming, While I quiet repone, not disturbed by a sound. If I were but wealthy the world would I travel, And follow my thoughts to that land o'er the sea; But, alasl not a whole I possess. so ill have all My life to remain in my own country. MA~naIE CoNqnua, Newcastle. 6.--Take land for festf, and land for secotnd, too; That 'houlo is land is surely plain to you. MAnzEIaA
DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (1)top the first two letters of a word. learvil another word.) 7.-I am sitting on the stair, in a posture of despair, At four upon a wintry afternoon; 'Tis the winter's discontent, for I cannot pay my rent, And the landlord will be coming very soon. I have sent unto a friend an entreaty to attend, And save my " du is" from goe:; " up thI spout;" I ask them down below, is he c ming, do they lknow- " He cometh not!" they shout. Still, still the time goes on, and my face is thin and wan, And the clocks from off the mantels disappear; The reason I inquire from the slavey at the fire, She grimly answers, " No tick given hero." The tea-time's coming round, but no tea in, I'll be bound, The world is empty, empty-so am I; I shout down lirst once more: the watch ers, as before, " He cometh not !" reply. Now wasted to my room, I feel the sweet perfume Of bloaters being done for tiheir repast; And a whiff of buttered toast, which is more than I can boast, Is ranght and wrapped up in a chilling blast. On the carpet I reel.oe I pic.e and I re-pine; 1My ttars uotln the pattern snake a stream ; Then again J: take a peep where the stairway shadows le.p, Lat "He cometh not !" they scream. "In the gloaming," oh, 'tis sweet, when with her you daily mei'et, But such last are mockeries for me to hear; The organ-grinders grind froin the terrace far behind To the tune of " Sally, mind your beef and bh.or;" I sigh for Sally's joy, not a: thought of sauce or soy, I sigh for rounds of beet uion the square, And stout tineat m"ado mue lean-'nainst the passing lamps, I tllcat-- When " He cometh now I" they blare ! I get upt in joy, tlasl! an embodiment of gas, Of coals and water, food and drink, is there; With a landlord's cruel face. llk the others of his race, He bids ume " 'l.ill it out," or " trip the st.ir." To my " relatives " 1 go, with it footSrCp rather slow, Where for a year I haven't ben forgot; And I'm watching for that )rided in the self-same stair. case bend, But still " He cometh not!" IVANltoiE, Belfast. NAERAPTIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first lettcr of a word, Ie viin anllthear word, exprsssol Ill lite ietrat:ve.) 8.-l've been studyipg all the adverbs in the many fiction tales Attributed to both the loving females and the males, But many are incredible, anl far beyond my ken, But stay ! i'll bare them unto you as literary men. Now, chapter one embraces bothl the heroineuo and "he," And such it funmy sentence did I accidentally see; For " tum villain answered dryly," notwithstanding that he had Just amused himself by drinking. Now, I can't explain this fad. Then I noticed it was summer, yet a chapter on I find 'That the heroine "says coldly to the scoundrel, 'You are To think that I could love,'" etcetera. Now, I'd like to Why site should have been shivering 'neath the summer suu's but glow. Months have passcd--'tis winter, and the snow is on the grouind, And ith*i hro and the bad man meoet-but what think you I found ? That the good boy "answered holly." Now, there's some- thing of a mess, And I think I must appeal unto the maiden in distress. But yet another do I find: the interview is done; "I go," he mutters, tmcnettingly, although he has just A "lottery," and goodness is evinced in every tone. Now, is there aught consistent in this novel ever shown I see the case-it is a novel's language that I read, And for this thing a novel dictionary I most need; So profit by my knowledge, novel-reading riddlers mine, And drink in every word of it whilst hasten I to sign S. Da BeAu. (With apologies to Moore.) 9.-H-owl-howl-all cats were given To liven the nights, and cause us some pleasure; Heads here, like tre. s, are oft riven By musical cats when out in their leisure. Organs may roll out sweet notes by the yard, But cats from their throats i-sue sounds far more clear ; And those who endeavour to yell very hard Canse fond hearts to thrill with the sounds that they hear. Then howl-howl-all cats were given To liven the nights, and cause us some pleasure; Heads here, like trees, are oft riven By musical cats when out in their leisure. When we, on our beds lying, Are snoring as louad as lobsters can make us, Stioug cats in discord are vying Who can be victor, and hurriedly wake us, Bringing the dreamer from scenes far away, From realms where pure bliss in perfection is found, Where sunshine for over makes all bright and gay, And flowers in profusion nigh cover the ground. Thoen howl--howl-all cats were given To liven the nights, and cause us some pleasure; Heads here, like trees, are oft riven By musical cats when out in their leisure. T. E. BAaLE Y AND F. JOHNSON. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 10.-Oh, Nellie, dear, if I may first you so, I'm sure you'll think me very, very rude. You called my name so many weeks an.go, When I was not at next in riddling mood; But to your kindness I must now allude, And thank you for the praises you bestow. O'er your sweet words I oft have loved to brood, With smiles of pleasure, and with cheeks aglow. I promise I will wield my pen once more, And try to aid you in the "Tourney" fight; But pardon for my blunders I implore From you, whse songs are ever gay and bright, Whose wit and courage give to all celight, And old-time " Tourney" splendours oft reatore. But tlhait all do their best is only right, So I will sing as I have done before. QUEENgtse. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the l'r.t two I tt ra of a wordt. It evilig another word, sXa I'p ,Cei ill tIti tlttrrtt Vi.) 11.--Faces we view when thie crowd sweeps by, Faces that waie in the hi.art a sigh, Faces we love, though we kItow not why, Anud dream we wid meo:, in eternity. Faces that gleam for a moment ere They vanish to spheres we know not where; Faces so chal iniUg, so sweet, so fair, That angels' alone m)ay to them compare. Faces we dream we have met before, Faces vwe feel we nLust all adore, Faecs that thrill us unto the core, Because they are faces we meetno more. LTrccErUs, Clangwhton.
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. ( \VAids of different meaning, bit the same in sounl, expressed in the narrative ) 12.-Mrs. Brown gave a little tea party, And I was inviteid to go; So I jumped up light and hearty, For I very much enjoy a party, A merry little party, 0 ! The girls were in fanciful dresses, Such dresses I never did see; And we played at a game called "Caresses" With the girls in the fanciful dresses At Mrs. Brown's merry little hearty Party, Merry little party, 01 And when the little tea was over, We tripped upstairs, you know; I danced with Miss Arabella Rover, Till the very first dance was over, A merry little polka, 01 Then we had some music and singing, Such pretty little ditties, too; With haul ouy the house was ringing, For we all joined iu the singing At Mrs. Brown's merry little hearty Party, Merry little party, 01 Then we played at " Musical Chairs," And we scramibled about, you knowv; And we upset the apples and pears As we played at " Musical Chairs," At tuis merry little party, 0 1 And we had some recitations, Irom jolly little clever boys; And many other recreations (Much better than recitations), At Mrs. Brown's merry little hearty Party, Merry little party, 0 1 But we heard amidst the dancing Double knocrs at the door, you know; And papas and mammas came prancing In the room while we were dancing, At this imerry little party, 0 ! And then there was such a rushing For hats and cloaks and caps; 'Twas sweet, and we knew no blushing, As we kissed "good-bye" 'midst rushing, At Mrs. Brown's merry little hearty Party, Merry little party, 01 J. W. Sr.EL,. 13.-I mean to sing of Christmas.time, When I was only eight; I'll tell my tale in perfect rhyme, And naugliht but facts I'll state. The snow of Christmas Eve now falls Towards the end of May ; But we have made of Christmas calls 'Midst snow on Christmas 1)ay- Some years ago, that certain. It was the custom to protect One's form within a cloak Of thickest clot h, for disrespect Of snow was not a joke; Coughs, colds, catarrh, would follow soon, With wheezes by the score, And c;ndllogreaso was then a boon Which suff'rers lid adore- Some years ago, that's certain. Alas! these times are changed, 'tis plain- No snow, nor ice, have we; When Winter starts his dreary reign, What falls of rain we see! Why should not snow fall as of yore ? It's no(w) use living thus; For summer joys tdo naught but bore, And winter's joys are "" wass" In 'eighty-eight, that's certain. Oh, how I sigh for times gone by I And often do I weep (Excuse these tears, but I could cry Until I fall aseep !) ; And when I think of Christmastide, With all its glistening snow, My ardent wish is that I'd died In years long,, long ago- Before this year, that's certain. May your Christmas be a merry one, and often filled your j otg, As such I hope will be the lot of yours, PIIILANDEa McGG. NAIRRATIVE DUAGthAM. (Change the first two lotters of a wlrd to frinu another word, ex- pressed In the narriative.) 14.-There are friends whom you honour but seldom can see, There are friends whom you make but to sever; But the dearest and fairest of friendships to me Are the friendships that last one for ever, Old chap, Are the friendships that last one for ever. Ihave done many things which I've cause to regret, And I've had a few sorrows to grieve me; But false in my friendships I've never proved yet, And I hope in my heart you'll believe me, Old chap, And I hope in my heart you'll believe me. But there's one thing I freely confess to my mind Seems unmanly and almost pedantic; And I've not the least doubt in the world but you'll flud 'Tis a folly to be too romantic, Old chap, 'Tis a folly to be too romantic. Whenever a fellow feels downcast and glum, And his mind whispers all sorts of treason, He shouldu't go humour the moods as they come, But drive them away with cool reason, Old chap, Just drive them away with cool reason. We are judged on this earth by the name we have earned, And there's no grief come yet but we've brought it; And I think it's good time that this lesson was learned, And it's not the first time that I've thought it, Old chap, And it's not the first time that I've thought it. 'Tis but simple advice that I give, nothing more, Though I d.,ubt very much if you'll heed it; But if you don't Irke it and think it's a bore Then place it aside till you need it, Old chap, Then place it aside till you need it. Toss. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Urop th two last letters ol a word. leaving anothellr worJ.) 15.-Adieu ! ye mossy dells and braes, Of woodland uooks the brightest, Whoso wealth of gaudly flow'rs displays Of snowy tints the whitest. Adieu ! thou precious trysting-placo Where I've spent h:ppy hlurss; Pom mem'ry tmue shall nolt efface That spoe like lairy bowers. Last I am forced away to roam O'er regions desolated; Myjirst, for aye, shall be at home, Until to death I'm mated. E. J. ScnorroLD nAat 1. GeoxGE. CONUNDRUM. 16.-Solvers, pray give your attention, And be not too hasty, When I aslk0of you to mention Whie is beer lilke pasty ? RonBERTo.
METAGRAM. COhanae the first letter of t word to form aneoter word.) 17.-'Twas Christmas Eve. The streets were thronged, The lamps shone bright and clear, The shops and windows all along Most dgzzling did appear, While everyoody., great and small, Went bustling here and there. A splendid carriage rolled along 'Midst all the noise and din; A snugly-wrapped old gentleman Sat cosily within; Whilst thinking of the days gone by To sleep he did begin. But, hark I a cry rings through the air, What can be all the rount ? He starts in teriror from his doze And pops his old head ott, Then looks with wonder at the throng, And asks what 'tis about. "Alas! a little boy," they cry, "The carriage has gone o'er. Your coachman did not pay much heed, Such a irst race ile tore; And now we think, poor little sicxt, He soon will be no more." " Oh, dear, how very thi'd that is! Come, place him by any sido, And let the swiftest run with speed For worthy Doctor Bride. Now, Johnny, quickly take your scat, And softly let us ride." So home he brought him, nursed him well, And made him strong and bright, And sent him home a healthy boy, His mother to delight, And to him was a gen'rons friend From that eventful night. HELENA T. DENOY, Edoederry. ARITIIMOREMS. (An aorostic. Thi letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in flgures.) Foundation Word, 18.-We patronize another primal band, Yea, for another band we r:ddles write; But in it we have ne'er scoen con. so gr and As those which in the " Tourney " see the light. Cross ifords. 1,050 and oaru For first piea-e find, O riddlers witty, The founder of an ancient city. 502 ,, nutty If a knight of the " Tourney" you da'e to unmask, You've proven his second-no very light task. 1,500 ,, soan Now, when the summer months have come, You'll eat our third--'tis like a plum. 1,500 ,, stecro A novel you will here descry; Its fame's at p)reebt runntig high. 50 ,, roy A musical instrument famed for all timo Is the cross word that's wanting to finish this rhyme. 1,053 ,, reap The meaning of our sixth we now will state, To toe ms in royalty it doth relate. 1C1 ,, no Behold here a city for carnival famed; Hero alsd a term for delicious is named 1,000 ,, age A kind of recreation here please find, A dish app tczing is left, too, b. hind. E. J. hCssOFI'Ls ANs D E. GiEORiGE. Faundeation Word. 19.-Bravest of generals, now dead and gone, Englishmen talk of the deeds you have doue. Cross lVords. 50 and gass In windows this You'll see, I wis. 56 ,, oe A kind of tree Please find for me. 1,000 ,, ar An animal here There doth appear. 600 ,, ea Of fish a kind Now please to find. 550 ,, o '1 his is nut new, 'Tis known by you. 51 ,, an A measure you In thfls will view. HECTOR, Islington. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other worde.) Foundation Iords. 20.-The w:hole is a journal I love and admire, In my leisure its pages I scan; But a penny per week-I'm a regular buyer. Come, riddlers, guess if you can. Cross Words. This is the time to be happy and gay; This is a vehicle seen every day; This is the man to decide a dispute; This is a conjurer, clover and cute; This is the place where the fire burns bright; This is the stuff used to keep it alight; This is forgetfulness, often confusing; This is a book that I'm very oft using; This is a man who rules with power; This we require through night's solemn hour; This is a song of great triumph and joy; This is an attribute free from alloy; This is a tree, also part of the hand; This for success we must ever command; This I have felt when I've heard some good jokes. If you can't guess this riddle, see next week's Young Folks J. W. SEwELL. REVERSIONS. IA word which read back ward forms another word.) 21.-I wrote a little first one day, To Rupert out at second; Come, guess me now, and guess who may, My puzzle's easily reckoned. C. F. BLACKBURN. 22.-On second there is first enough ; But when the tempests rave In first I'd hear their voices rough Sooner than second brave. MAnDEIRA.