IDUGDL TORINAM NT.S. DUAGRAh1S.
,hoe h0 first two letters of a word to form another word.l Se.'Tis the spring.time, heart of mine, Sweet heart of mine, Crowns of first upon thee shine, With delight thy brow adorning; Earth'hath oped her treasure-store, Fairer seeming than before, Yet thino eyes are dim with mourning. 'Tis the spring-time, heart of mine, Sweet heart of mine, Yet thou claimest sorrow thine, Sorrow through the joy-fraught weather; Oh, but Love is merciful, Sore in time thy pain to lull, So hbe keep our hearts together. 'Tis the spring-time, heart of mine, Sweet heart of mine, Leaves of cypress intertwine, " Death hath robbed thee of a treasure. Yet remain some standing sheaves, And the grain his sickle leaves May return thee ample measure. 'Tie the springtime, heart of mine, Sweet heart of mine; Nay, no longer grieve and pine, Smiles shall chase away thy sadness. Clouds above us if there be, Silver may they seem to thee, Meet for spring-time, next and gladness. 'Tis the spring-time, heart of mine, Sweet heart of mine, Round thy brow white lilies twine, Stripped is life of love and pleasure. Soul is sick and heart is faint, Bitter is my wild complaint Now that Death hath reaped my treasure. AMY BOERMntR. 2,-A rerson sadly afflicted am I, Owing to my next-door neighbours; And I would gladly " lay fpe down and die," Owing tp my next-doorsmeighbours. For if I happen, late at nighc, To " set me down " a riddle to write, Assuredly there is a dight By some of my next-door neighbours. Some talk of the strains of a German band- It's nothing to my next-door neighbours; For the greatest plagues in all the land Are my next-door neighbours. A secret I will now first to you: My quarter's rent is nearly due; So I think that I next bid adieu To my next.door neighbours. .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. 3,-Whilst present in my class at school, In a pretty Irish town, A hist'ry lesson was given fi[st About men of renown. "Did Luther die a natural death P" Was asked of a scholar dull; Teacher next for prompt reply," No; lHe was 'done for' by a butt." AMB DENNY, Kew. META-OMEGRAMS. Ithange the tirst and last letters of a word to form another word.) 4-I sat me down 'neath the ivied wall, And I! chanted a melody sweet; AndI knew that the music swelled through the hall, For it made such a row in the street ; And I felt that the beautiful notes would enthral And bring that maid to my feet. And the glorious moon looked down on me With a irst of a timid shrinking, And the little stars in a rapture of glee Were seized with a fit of winking, And ,woudered howeoar such music could be, For the song in their souls was sioking. And I warbled high, 'ad I warbled low; I sang for an hour t -d a quarter In a voice so last that I could not go- No, I could not have made it shorter. So I sang for another hour or so To that ex-attorney's daughter. But, weary and tired, at last I arose, For the clouds with my song were weeping; Sal brushed all the straddle-bugs off my clothes That over me had been creeping. And I murmured a farewell through my nose To the house where my love was sleeping. And when I passed on the following day, On the steps of the house was a plumber; And he told me, quite in a casual way, Like an everyday ohance chomer, That the fo'ks of the house had long gone away To some seasidd Mlace for the summer. FoonooLucar, 5.-lMary was a lovely girl With hair as white as snow (I didn't intend to put that line, But, however, it has to go). And she wore a wreath of roses That I had stooped to bless; And she grew a tree 'neath the backyard wall, And wore an "improver" dress. And Mary had the whooping-cough, And that cough she couldn't lose; She coughed and she coughed until she coughed Tbo buttons iuost her shoes. And Mary hud'a little lamb With a gunmboil-sore it vexed; ; It had no wo.l upon its tail Because it wouldn't next. J. KExzxvf. HISTORICAL ENSIGMA. igts of battle ! The archers are thick on the ground, An ith courage undaunted each brave heart doth allweconquerP Ah, well, that must be as it may ane t i is just-for God's aid let us pray." nthey kneel--never soldier yet prayer had to rue- T.'neel, with the enemy full in their view pieth king of their foes, "See, they yield! See, they oud king, not to yots do they kneel on that field ! I toeaven's aid they implore-they will fight well omie-" day" fight ng lightly laughs as he turneth away; oeen's .-. round murmur, " Fight as we will, t e"e p is with them--they will conquer us still," toningd broke soon, and each side fought right well, o hnt weathe sequel eachl schoolboy can tell; it .... day are true friends in our time: apme of the battle the cause of my rhyme. REVERSION. Weed wn0 which read backward forms another word.) To that nall riddlers will kindly contrivq no 1 out this word-it contains letters five; So PeEae to be fat, reverse it, and 30u e thing often seen are quite certain to view. - ROLLA, West Green.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters ina word to form another word,) 8.-Stirring were the tales she told; Sweet and clear Were the strains we loved to hear In the days of old. Primal has the singer grown; Dark and sad Are the hearts which erst were glad, Ere the bird had flown. Let cur pleading be not vain, Jennie dear; Come once more our hearts to cheer-- Sing to us again. Hopeful, las' we for yorr song; Maid and knight. Clad in shining armour bright, Miss you from the throng- Miss your kind and winsome face, Sweet and true; Charm us as you used to do With your subtle grace. Talte again your harp of gold, Strike the chords; Soothe us with your mystic words, As in days of old. MAmIno TAYLoI. Birkenhead. 9.-If you transpose this female name-- 'Tis known to all, I'm sure- A word you then will bring to sight Which menus to save or cure. LILIAN M. K. DoutLAs, Camberwell. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 10.-I saw in my evening vision, High in the mountain fastness, Half lost in the rocky vastness, Two tiny rills start forth, And rush towards the North ; And, wandering ever, Each rill became a river. Still on and on they rolled, Through moor, and glade, and fen; Then, woe untold ! A barrier mosked the way of one; And the sun with dazzling ire Licked the waters as a fire, And bade it to expire At leagues three score and ten. The other still rolls on, From morn till set of sun, And it must ever run alone. Cross Words. A songster sits on yonder tree, And in its piping melody, Which fills its tiny breast with glee, It bids me toil on cheerily. I take my bark and cross the wave To where the western waters lave ; And gazing upward through the night, I see this mountain burning bright. Again I put my bark to sea. For the wind is blowing gustily; Reeling thr ugh this, i speed me fast, And hail with joy the port at last. My bark has toiled since rise of sun, And now that glaring day is done, Comes, in the dim and dying light, The dusky handmaid of the nigbt. C, P. MrTCHELxL. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other waords.) Foundation Word. 11.-By the riverside I stray at the closing of the day; On the trees the green leaves shake, and a gentle rustling make. Spr aging up amid the grass, nodding at me as I pass, Beauteous colours I can see in a great variety. Some of them are open wide, heads uplifted in their pride; Others in humility bow their heads where none may see. Oh, I love to see them there with their forms so pare and fair, Seeming, though in dark retreat, for a monarch's offering meet. Cross Words. In its depths the hunter roves, following the chase he loves; Sounds all strange and startling here fall upon the listen. ing ear. 1Phou with vision most acute, held by all in bad repute, Roaming in a savage state through the jungle desolate. Bend thy head and let us know what on us thou wilt bestow; For thy answer still we wait-hanging on thy lips our fate. Thou with visage grim and scarred, take thy great and due reward; For thy prowess e'er shall be known o'er all the land and sea. Yes, lament thou o'er his grave, with thy tears the grasses lavea; Sing in mournful, pensive vein, giving tribute to the slain. Thou without a parallel, in thee slyness, cunning, dwell; Meet it is that thou shouldst not desecrate a lovely spot. I will sing a plaintive tune'neath the bright beams of the moon; Thou wilt hear and not disdain to receive my humble strain. IVANHOE, Belfast. Foundation Words. 12.-The primals found below Will a famous riddler show. Cross Words. For jirst you'll find a Christian name; A boy would sure to own the same. A part of Canada is this, Well known to every boy and miss. In this a riddler's name you'll see; He's every week seen in the "T." A European country find for fourth; You will not find it in the north. A Roman who, in days of yore, Took part in many a bloody war. A famous statesman find for ls., Who nails his colours to the mast. A. A. DraxIi, Southampton. ENIGMIAS. 13.--I'm waste, but yet I'm wantedo And liked by every mian; You could not do without me, And die I never can. I wear a watch, also a chain, And money too, I keep; I go about from place to place, For different things to seek. .G. W. Hav-at. S14.-I am not an object of pity or dread, Though I'm perfect with and without a head; SNor is it a subject for you to'bewail, Though I'm perfect with and without a tail; The fact is, ]'m perfect with each or with eithed, And, to speak truth, with both, or with neither. HsEaurb6sf.
NARRATIVE CUGRTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-Iu a state of mind reflective, a detective, circumspec. tive, Went forth in secret from great London town; And as on the train proceeded, unimpeded and unheeded, His face grew pale-his study was so brown. His most deadly ammunition for this mission was de- cision, Of which he had a more than common share; And one could not help observing that no swerving or unnerving His plan's success was likely to impair. His demeanour, though erratic, was emphatic and dog. matic, And brooked no interference with his plan; And though oft in conversation,no relation to his station Was heard to pass his lips by any man. And by carefully refraining from explaining things per- taining Unto his mission in the slightest way, He succeeded in deceiving; and when leaving, all his grieving Co-trav'lers bade him, tearfully, "Good day." Ere the city he had quitted so well fitted, he omitted Naught that would tend complete success to bring; And that he his task well suited is confuted or disputed By none, for everywhere his praises ring. Where the cheery Irish peasant, ever present, is so pleasant, The lynx-eyed youth pursued his mission well; And he tore aside disguises, proved surmises, met sur- prises, And soon a host of secrets he could tell. Then he quickly northward hnurried, somewhat flurried, rather worried; And I would like to ask Colonna D., When that youth at Broughty Ferry was so very, very merry, Why found he not the time to visit me ? PHILo, Glasgow. TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the tirs Iand the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 16.-Make most of your leisure, Of joy, and of pleasure, For ealrthly joys ne'er long remain; But leave us their measure To this, and to treasure With gladness, with Eadness, and pain. First Word. A tool, or an implement, termed it may be; " Most useful," the mechanic exclaims, merrily. Second Word. His doom it was fateful, His deeds they were hateful, His brothers he never befriended; Opposed to men living, Ne'er known as forgiving, With enmity was his soul blenled, V. D. TAYLon, Warrington. MONOOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 17.-The garden gate was open, and Tommy entered in, He looked around and muttered, " It can't be any sin, I'll take afirst; no matter, I'm as bad as I can be, And father won't be wiser, because he shall not see. Yes, here they are, the beauties, I'll only take but one, Then hurry to the meadow, and have a lot of fun; For father says they're prizes, and if I linger here, I'll surely be discovered, there is the greatest fear." So said the little sinner, and-pouncing on his prey, He hid it in his pocket, and made to run away. But wrathful eyes were glaring on Tommy all the while, In which about the corners there was a wicked smile; And as he onward hurried, the owner of the eyes Announced his awful presence with very lusty cries: " Hillo you little rascal, what's this you're up to now? Oh, don't be in a hurry ; I'll second you, I vow I" And in a minute, surely, he had him by the head, Took first from out his pocket, and next him well instead. And Tommy learned a lesson which surely did him good, And left his honest father in a very humble mood. Puci, Ballymena. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 18.--A golden-headed lassie stood, love, Years ago, beside a wood, love, Gazing up a path first grew, love, Flow'rs which you and I both knew, love; Need I tell you that was you, love- That was you P Adown this path with jaunty stride, love, A gay youth hastened to your side, love; He had kisses one, two, three, love- Nobody was next to see, love. Need I tell you that was me, love- That was me? And now grey-beaded through the wood, love, Off we go to where we stood, love, In the happy days gone by, love, Where we met upon the sly, love. Need I say 'tis you and I, love- You and IP J. C. CoLLIER. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is changed, to form another word in time narrative.) 19.-Courtiers we of fair Dame Nature, By her secret lore enslaved ; Beauteous dreams and wild emotions Deeply in our hearts engraved. E'en the dullest, most prosaic, Harbours some deep-hidden spark Of a vague, poetic feeling, Like a glowworma in the dark; Struggling slowly to the surface Of the intellect and heart, Till its flame expands and bursteth, Thought poetic to impart. Stirring pleasant recollections Memory obedient yieldis- Of the boyhood love of nature, Of the sylvan shades and fields. I. H. CaEacatos AND V. D. TAYLon. CENTRAL CHANGES. (Ohange the central letter of a word to form another word.l 20.-How oft have we roamed through the wild wood to- gether, - Ere the soul was filled with a shadow of woe, And waded the streamlet that flows through the heather From the fountain above to the first below ! How oft have we gathered the sweet, fragrant flowers That b:com on the banks of the river serene, Whose waters so bright glance along 'neath the bowers, Where we two have sat, love-where we two have been I How oft have I wandered alone in my sorrow To the lonely retreat where we loved to rovel Yet all, all is lovely, and mem'ry-can borrow No change save a oeJt, and a spirit above. J. LEIse, Warrington. 21.-My first is opposite to cold, And. has but letters three; But centre change, 'twill then unfold An article that's often sold, And worn by all. both ying and old- Updn the h'ed 'twill be. Gi. Bucsstc~axa.
DICAPITATIONS IDrop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 22.-Tinkle, tinkle, shine and twinkle, Final onward, rippling fast, Past the'sodges, through the hedges, To the mill at last; Onward ever, little river, Leaping, dancing on your way; Mellow laughter, fllow after, All the livelong day. Twisting, turning, rushing, spurning, Rolling pebbles at your choice. Leaping, glist'ning, primal list'ning To your silvery voice; Onward ever, little river, Rippliie, dancing on your way; lellow laughter, follow after, All the livelong day. H. A. TAYLon, Birkenhead. 23.-My sirs in a schoolroom is often seen; Now if you will behead, You'll fiud that what is left behind You sometimes kiss instead; Now put this word again to test, And throw its head away, A beast now answers to your quest Is all that is left, you'll say. E. GEORGE, CambtrwllU. 21.-Kind riddlers, a word for speaking name; Behead, and you'll find it's still the same. Rose Ccrumss. NARRATIVE OMTEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanoed to form another word in the narrative.) 25.-I stood, as day at length was fast declining, And gazed afar across the waving corn, And watched the sun's last rays that, feebly shining, But mocked the early morn. Strange fancies come to me as I stand gazing Across the cornfield's undulating breast- Strange fancies that to me are quite amazing, Bidding me long for rest. Slowly the starlit night is onward creeping, Faintly the bird's last call the copse comes through ; I hear the modest willow softly weeping Its tears of heavenly dew; They fall in sweet, refreshing showers around me, Till I at les gth am forced to move away From that calm spot whose loneliness had bound ma A little while to stay. ,. G. NlcuoLts, Millton. VERBAL CHARADES. (A wordo. a ch I tier of \vhich is trnntel secprately.) .26.-One-fourth of retat, One-fourth of dead, And then one.fourth of sing; Oue-.fourth of toru, One-fourth of horn, And then one-fourth of ring. The whole of these, if read aright, A friend of ours will bring to lih'. MArirTAN A. 27.-One-fourth of mate, One-fourth ot Kate, And then one.fif' h of train; One-fourth of coat, One-fourth of boat, And then one-fifth of brain. Now, use your wits, and do not hurry, And then you'll find a town in Sarrey. W. 'ITAWrIrn. CHARADES. ll'ormenl on a wor.t socn syllonas ot which is a word.) 28.-In every town you'll surely find my first- No novelty at all 'tis reckoned; The one I own though humble's not the worst, For in it is a much-prized second. Ono day, in first, a whote my second lost, .Which, th ,ugh a sad mishap, 'is true, Was yet repaired with very little cost, As I will now explain to you. Know, then, that by a chance which is not rare, My wrhore's a word with meaning double; A wholo my second is, without compare: You'll guess me now without much trouble, K. BLousx, Reading. 29,-You cannot fail to find my firot, As it's before your eye; Yo I'll find a vessel is my next, If you will only try. My nsoxt trauspose. a beverage Will surely come to view, Which if we coull whool', I would give A good strong coup or two. AxnIE Surra, Greh y. 30.-Cupid once did wound me sore: Smiling, first his shaft let fly; Rash i I at the arrow tore- Love's sweet fever raged the more, Till this folly I forbore Now, content, sweet.whole, am I, Since thou last wouniled sore. To let my love-wound mortify. A. J. DicasoNa, Boo le. 31.-First, a structure; some are very fiue- To build they take soe hlittle time; Second is found in earth and sky, Without it we should quickly die. My first across the second is found- In London they of course abound. My whole's the name of an English town, In history you'll find it written down. E. HuxT.