RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
(ahmsge the first two letters or a word to form another word.) j.-As on its breast of snow The Alpen blossoms blow, Defying the blast, So through the storm of war The carmine rose he bore Unto the last. Great were his deeds that day; Leading the fiery fray, Death's wound he found. No shroud to cover him- Shades through the midnight dim Wrapped him around. Mourn for the noble dead; Shining the first he led, As a star glows. Next in her treasure-chest Lieth earth's loveliest- The carmine rose. AarY BOEHMIEn. THE JUBILEE WISH. 2,-Years ago, when we were young, dear, oIany and many a year ago, Oft we lisped in baby-tongue, dear, New Year's wishes, as you know. Oft in dreamland I again see All the past, my dear, and hear Your childish prattle as you wished me A glad and prosperous New Year. Years soon flew; you grew a maiden With a first and smiling face (Which e'en smiling seemed blush-laden)- Wished me with your winning grace, With a next-clasp, and a kiss, dear, Just to show tie wish sincere, Wished me, wished me, only this, clear- A bright and prosperous New Year. Fifty years have o'er us flown, dear, And our heads have winter's snow, But our love has stronger grown, dear, Than 'twas in the long ago. And now, my'darling wife, I wish you- Next down closer, dear, to me; Now I'll wish you, as I kiss you, A happy, joyous Jubilee. J. C. COLLIER. 1.-And so you thought, Kate-dreamt that I forgot in my new life the friend who once had been My conlidant and guide when I had not A hope in heaven or earth whereon to lean, When skies were dark and human malice keen, Save her who in my sorrowiugs did share; A friend of friends, of womankind the queen, Strong and true-hearted, truthful-eyed, and fair; Who, in the darkness of the dreary night, With steady hand still pointed far above- Took from my shoulders their first load of care, Made my next buoyant and my pathway bright. And then to judge me thus-to doubt my love, And deem me false ! Ah, Kate, it was not fair. In Ez, Liverpool. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. gCh'nge theo til two letters of a word to form another word, ox- pressed in the Inarrative.) (With apologies to T. Moore.) I.-Come hither, come hither, ye knights of to-day: We scribble such riddles as never were known; Like the waves on the shore, as one week ebbs away, Anotter brings verses as charming, you'll own. And each number that's past is outrivalled in worth By a new one we welcome as girls do a kiss ; And, oh, if there be a real " Tourney " on earth, It is this, it is this. Here maidens are singing, and sweet are their songs As the voice of a blackbird at morn on a tree; and precious their strains as those neat little tongs Which suspend their gay robes as they walk by the sea. Oh, think what the cons. of the males must be worth When the strains of the maids are so perfect in bliss, And own if there be a real " Tourney" on earth, It is this, it is this I S. Woon. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The Analletters, as well as the initials, form a word. or words, Foundation Words. 5.-ly primals and finals identical are, The doubts about that cannot go very far; Th"jirst is a river, and so is the last, And when you have found both all trouble is past. Gross Words. In first I believe A lake you'll perceive. A city in Asia my second will name; You can read it backwards, but still 'tis the same. .t river of China--you know it quite well; -1everse, 'tis unchanged, that is all I will tell. A wine very sweet--some think it a treat- Yon get from my last, ye solvers so neat. ROLLA, West Green. Fotndation Words. 6.-The printals or finals will reveal What should be polished, bright as steel; What rightly used, will sadness slay, And turn the miind from grave to gay. Cross Words. eruss and Pole in cruel strife once met; Here freedom's sun for evermore has set. The ancients say these peoples lived on fish- What harder name to spell could any wish? Here sweet and sour in one word you see: 'hen made of jam it tastes deliciously. CHRISTELLA P. CHELSi. l Nop th ARATIVE CURTAILMENT. the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed 7.-I think of all our Ed. must bear- How oft on end must stand his hair ! He thinks of Rome-that he were there For ever and for ever. ie sadly wanders to and fro, And scarcely knows which way to go To flee fro cons. which seem to flow For ever and for ever. 'Tas but to-day I heard him sing, s looking o'er all cons. sent in, onound all those ho write on ' Spring For ever and for ever." Int's that I hear P 'Tis with regret Snrite these words ; sy eyes are wet-- riddler says; You mwe'd farget For ever and for ever." Perhaps you wotild hut this I saY- Sorward riddles from to alway For ever and for ever I * NNELo.rn WATSON, Cheshunt.
jTRIPTICH. (Use two words, and forma third word of the last syllable of the flrst and the first syllable of the second,) Triptich. 8.-With staunch and fearless heart he went before, For unknown thousands to prepare the way; Suffering and toil were his, and sorrow sore With dire and threat'ning danger and delay; But yet he persevered, and not in vain- Success at last has crowned his efforts vast, And those who follow him will yet maintain The cause he furthered in the gloomy past. Now he has gone, but is remembered still By those for whom he braved the toil and ill. First Word. He comes in armour clad, with dauntless mien To keep their h6nour in the time of need; Manly his face, anid clear his eye serene, As one who gloried in a noble deed; Not long his enemies before him stand, But strengthened in the knowledge of the right, He sweeps them from his path with mighty baud, Sending them stricken as with sudden blight; Now, joyful people, lead him to be crowned With laurels-just reward of the renowned, Second Word. Down in a mountain valley, where the gloom Ne'er dissipated is by light of day, And in the night the trees strange forms assume, And sptctres take their sad and lonely way, None venture there, for awful tales are told Of deadly sin committed long ago; .And the near residents, though brave and bold, uo~'Onsel the stranger there with whisper low I %othr to venture near it, but remain A''hy from where vile spirits hold their reign. IVANHOE:, Belfast. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leavinu another wordl 9.-The realms of light I-the infinite and depthless dome of space, Whence Morning's radiant guest departs upon his fiery race; Where Evening's brilliant primal, with gold and purple sheen, Proclaim the passing of the day-how beautiful the scene ! Whene'er the sombre cloud-banks gather in the northern sky, Or, e'en as if by terror driv'n, before thet empest fly; When the dread lightning's flash tears wide the darksome robe of Night, How puny then man's boasted strength -how weak his mightiest might I How beauteous it is to see the brightly-twinkling stars I- Above them all those glist'ning planets, Jupitor and IMars; Magnificent is Charles's Wain, also the Northern Light- 'Tis grand to see their brilliancy upon a starry night. I gaze enraptured on those scenes, in spite of my old friend, Who says that folks are last who thus a pleasant time can spend; He says it's naught but lunacy to gape from ground that's wet, For pains and aches of every kind is what you only get ! S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. (With apologias to the author of " Evening Bells.") 10.-Those dreadful yells, those dreadful yells, Each from some youthful throat upswells, And of that organ-man I know They thus their approbation show. And now that last has passed away To charm elsewhere with hideous play, I hear the muffin-dealer's bells, And with them hear his dreadful yells. And so 'twill be when he is gone- Those fearful sounds will still ring on; Where'er first human order dwells, We're bound to hear those dreadful yells. E. W. SnunRVPL. 11.-His first was waving o'er my head- " You swindling thief I" cried he; I wished just then that I were dead, Or underneath the sea. My trouble, sirs, the cause of which I scarcely like to tell: I'd lived for many a week on next, Till he found out the sell I F. W. Scorr, Harpurhey. 12.-Dear riddlers of the Y. F. P., A scented flow'r behead, An article much used by you Appears to view instead. BAns, Chester. DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word, to form another word.) 13.-Of All the seasons of the year, From winter to the haytime, For sunlight sheen, for woodland green, Give me the merry Maytime. The gentle first, the fragrant buds, The daisies by the rill-side, Rl For hawthorn blooming in the woods, And heather on the hillside. And, oh, to ramble far and last Across the hilly moorland, And watch the flight of brooklets bright Run rippling to the lower land; Or else beneath some tree to lie, Far from the city's jostle, And hear the laverock in the sky Sing praises with the throstle. Oh, friend, if you once left the town To try this happy pastime, And heard the breeze among the trees, It would not be the last time; For of all winds that come and go, To me it seems the best winds Are those that in the summer blow- The gentle, sighing west winds. But all our testes are not alike, And no one ought to grumbleo; What seem to be sweet things to thee Might seem to me but jumble. And thus it is that I tbid'day Use all these hackneyed phrases.; I love the merry month of May, And so I sing its praises. DOROTHEA. GRET. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. Theletters of a word are transposed. and form another word in the narrative.l 14.--Lo I from a well-walled city old " Sweet sounds a joyous strain, And Qdeenie comes to take a place 'Mid Marion's gay train. The "Tourney" fight is fiercer far When Queenie leads a glance To see how well her gallant knighTs Use sword and lengthy ldnce. When Queenie's smiles are the reward Who would not draw his brand- When Queenie ditbks the happy brow Of him who'll victor stand Let every riddler striveainain To head the "Tourney·" band; Let every one know this command. " Aye kepe thy penne frome stayne." A. R. STRzrTCs.
he I (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word) 15.-I could not read last night' -Ifirst abused (My latest sonnet had been harshly used)-- Therefore upon the shelf I laid my book, And went forth at the moon to have a look. Into a rural lane I found my wayL The moon was full, 'twas almost tright as day. "Bless me I" I cried, "but I'm in luck to-night I" For there I saw what filled me with delight. A tall man strolled a little in advance; I recognized a poet at a glance. There could be no mistake-the drooping air, The long, lank figure, and the flowing hair Proclaimed to me the fact; I nearer drew, And big with joy my heart within me grew. Soft mutt'rings'ext upon.my pensive ear : I crept behind the hedge that I might hear Him commune with his muse; I had not thought To daub with slime my Sunday clothes for naught, But so, alas ! it was. Thus muttered he: "Oh, for a beaker full of warm strong tea, For I am very siek-ah, woe is me i My very heart faints, and my whole soul grieves, For those cigars were made from cabbage leaves." PATIruc S., Belfast. 16.-To catch the first we've hardly time enough, You might have woke me earlier, you muff ! For if we're not there by the time I reckoned, I'm much afraid we shan't get on the second. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of ia word to form another word.) 17.-I'm in a disconsolate humour to-day; I've first to be jovial and gay, but in vain. I've next oft enough. " Melancholy, away !I" And the very next minute 'tis with me again. I will not be mournful. Ah, ha ! a bright thought- My lyre! With its aid I will banish dull care; I'll merrily sing a bright ditty, and naught e Shall cause me again a sad visage to wear. But where is that lyre? Where on earth can it be? y Confound it I Just when i'd got rid of my cares, Here another turns up; for it's now plain to me o That I've sent it to uncle's for-well, for repairs! But, there! I'm determined I will not be baulked, My gay concertina shall serve me instead ; S I care not if all the folk down stairs have talked Of leaving unless there's less noise overhead. Ah, now I am happy 1 and- Oh, what a bore- A note has turned queer I It is rather too rough On a painstaking bard. And to vex me still more, The right hand strap's come off. There, I've done qpite enough! A. AaIeERLEY, Manchester. 18.-Oh, all ye riddlers gay and rare, If you have but the time to spare, I hope that you will try to find My first; 'tis worn by all mankind. When you are second, my dear friend, I a helping hand will lend Your cons, and verses loud to praise, Though the thought my hair will raise. E. HNTr, Kenuington. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed In the nalrratlve. 19.-Oh, well-intentioned " super," You permeate the play As citizen or trooper, And fill us with dismay. With what heroic efforts You've often interfered I What " startling situations " Demoniacally " queered !" When Richard fights with Richmond, And beats him to the stage, He glances at the " supers," And that works up his rage. The author dreads the " supers," He grovels as their slave; If he be super-sensitive, They'll hound him to his grave. In weirdly quiet moments your " Super" loves to talk- He'll shuffle and he'll shamble, But he'll never, never walk I Unhappy-looking Romans, all Elbows, hands, and knees, With tights forlornly flapping like Banners in the breeze. What wonder if young Anthony Is saddened and undone, And breathes a prayer unto the gods For vengeance-and a gun I What marvel if Virginius Is hounded on to crime, While waiting for responses Which never came in time. And who can blame a public That earnestly appeals For " talented auxiliaries" Made up of cogs and wheels ? S. SarzTl, Fulham. RIVERS BURIED AT A "TOURNEY" GATHERING. (Dedicated to all wheom it concerns.) 20.-At the door we'll Jo-King meet, With " Hail, all !" each friend he'll greet Whom Gow yestre'en found time to tease; Now Philo uses rhymes that please, And Patrick S. is, I surmise, Certain to win his " Tourney " prize, Gentle Diana us keeps gay- Her jesting's ever new, we say; Ivanhoe, skilful knight, behold ! For the fray ready Cheulet bold. Next Marion enters-charming queen I- Who has with Maggie Denny been At wishing-well and Spa so gay (Sure we are lorn when they're away). Puck at one time all vainly tries C. Cheltm erratic to advise, Till Bo-Peep from each riddler's sight Christella runs with mock delight. Our ban nor blessing fears Free Lance; While with a mirthful song and dance Comes hither Amy. Are you sad? Boy never saw her but felt glad. So with good.will each one will make This picnic a most happy break In life's monotony; you're sure That it affords us pleasure pure. And when we're old on Time's rough way, Which in it hath few hours so gay, Talked over much will be this day. PALINDROME. An A. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 21.--Letters four, and no more, Am I; A sly look I mean- Read either'way, I ween, The same will be seen Try the answer to glean. Good.bye S vILVER STONE. OHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable o'twhioh is a word.) 22.-A part of the body is my first; My second is worn on the head ; My whole, you will find, is an insect That tries to get in the head. H. Cara. CR
CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. legving another word.) 23.-Oft'en I think, when my work is done, And weary and last with care, As I walk in the light of the sinking sun, O'er the sweet brick-fields to the home I have won, I think, Will my wife be there P And the words of an true old song Come over me like a chill- " A wife's will is a strong will And the tongues of wives are ceaseless tongues I" So I linger long on my homeward way In the murky evening air, And the sparrows that lodge in the field of clay All seem to sing iu a rapturous way, " Look out, for your wife is there I" And the words of that old old song Strike into my heart with a thrill, " A wife's will is an iron will, And the tongues of wives are long, long tongues !" And I sit me down on a clayey bank, And I wish I was back in my teens; And I wonder and first whom on earth I should thank For blessing me so with a wife that's frank, For she always says what she means ! And the words of that old, old song Come plainer and plainer still, "A wife's will is a wife's will, And the tongues of wives are sharp, sharp tongues ! But tired at last and resigned to fate, I start once more in despair, And the dewdrops roll from my shiny pate When I hear a voice at the garden gate, For I know that my wife is there! And the words of that nice old song, When I hear that voice so dread, Come back so plain that I hold my tongue, And make haste to get to bed ! LONGFE;LLOW, JUN. ENIGMAS. 24.-Gude-e'en tae a' assembled here, MIy bonnie lads an' lasses dear, An' if ye'll hearken for a wee, I'll daue my best tae puzzle ye. There's no mistak' ye a' ha' seen, An' felt my power sharp an' keen, For sair an' sudden due I bite Wheniver I'm inclined tae fight. Of course, at times I'm no sa bad, An' I believe I'm tae be had As meek an' gentle as a ween, If proper care of me be ta'en. An' noo I hope ye understaun' I'm no the same in ivery man, Although by ivery man possessed, As doubtless some o' ye ha' guessed. At times in some I'm awfu' short, Extremely fond o' daeing hurt; In ithers, lang an' hard tae bend Tae ony side-d'ye compreheud ? Ye'll get me sour, an' also sweet, Ye'll find me in the busy street, The humble cot, the mansion great, At ony hour ye like tae state. I enter into peacefu' haomes, An' soon there's words and callin' names, An' just because folk let me loose I gie them a sich sair abuse; If they'd but learn tae conquer me, Anither state o' things they'd see. Noo, friends, I hope ye'll a' exclaim, " We've little doubt aboot your name; We ken you weel, an' hate you mair, You ugly demon o' despair." PUCK, Ballymena. 25.-T-hough rather small, I'm largoin fame, And go from place to place; Where'er I go, I'm sure ti gain A smile upon each face. I'm found beneath the deep blue sea; From there I'm brought ashore, And then I'm highly valued, If found without a flaw. G. W. HATIAYN. 26.-I'm red when hot, And grey when cold; I'm made by men, And by men sold. W. LEWiS, Ironville. META-OMEGRAM. (Cl~ange the first and last letters of a word to form another word. 27.-This useful article, you'll say, Is used at dinner ev'ry day. When tossed upon the raging sea, The sailor often longs for me. I think it always is the rule To use this kind of seat at school. Before your gaze my fourth will bring A very useful kind of string. 'Twill shield the country from attack, And drive the rude invaders back. Sixth is a very useful grain By which our lives we can sustain. When last is over for the day, We turn our thoughts to rest or play. C. F. BARKER, Wood Green, REVERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 28.-This is the name of a hero bold, Whose deeds we read of in Y. F. P.' ' Quickly reverse, and then, behold ! A man's name you will surely see. LILuAN M1 K. DOUGLAS, Camberwell. 29.-Forfirst a part of ship find out ; If you will now please turn about. Then you will quickly bring to mind A thing that in the ground you find. JATES, Birmingham.