jRIDDLE TUUNAMENT.
NARRATIVE META.DOUBLE-OMEGRAM. thfrst and two last letters of a word to form another sthe sword. expreosed in the narrative.) Oh, the zephyrs to me came a-sighing As I leant from my casement above, And they told of devotion undying, Of true and unquenchable love; Of oncord perpetual deriving From amity's rule, nobly striving, And harshness for ever depriving- This was told unto me by the wind. Oh, the zephyrs to me came a-sighing, And unto me soft did relate A tale of vice dire underlying, Of malice and cankerous hate; Of selfishness potently reigning, Of evil men's names darkly staining, of love's sweet influence e'er waning- This was told unto me by the wind. Oh, the zephyrs to me came a-sighing, But their sighing and suing were vain, For I fastened my casement, defying Their ire. though they shrieked loud again; yhough without a dread tumult was raging, A battle of passion fierce waging, Still were my thoughts deep engaging With the words that were borne by the wind. J. STOCKS, Ryde. META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. ge the first letter and last but one of a word, to form another word.) i,-On to the front the Old Guard went, Napoleon led the way; His cold, stern first on the foe was bent, For his last hung on that day. "Up, Guards, and at 'em I" Wellington cried, And loud the bugles pealed; And with that charge the Life Guards swept The French from off the field I On St. Helena's shone alone Napoleon in exile expired; No friendly form wept o'er his grave, No parting shot was fired. C. FARNCOUnE, Brighton, NARRATIVE METAGRAMS. fret letter of a word is changed, to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) lsver Nellie, clever Nellie, you've encouraged me to ite time when my surroundings are as dark and drear as ,ight; with colds and other troubles which appear in inter's wake, e been, though quite unwilling, forced the "Tour. ey" to forsake. can hardly guess the pleasure that diffused Phil. nder's heart, he warbled, 'midst his sorrow, like an amateur ozart; a precious consolation, bearing comfort to the ind, I thank thee, Nellie Watson, for thy commendations ind. there's Toss, that good old fellow, who's extended e his hand, has welcomed me with friendship into this our Tourney" grand; tthank him for his praises, this undoubted genius there is another riddler who with this bard can 0mpare I such friends I'll journey onward, caring naught for cious foes, may try to kill Philander with their underhanded lows; notion that our efforts urge some bards to greater eal, ing them to be more modest, and their true position ,ee, PHILANDER MInGG. aInm a minstrel brave and good, I always do as minstrels should ; I never sell my thoughts for pelf, But, still, do I neglect myself P Of course I don't-why should I P When now and then a chance I see To serve the " Tourney," and serve me, Myself, while I am serving it Do I demur P Do I object ? Of course I don't-why should IP My sleeping and my waking dreams Are filled with themes, and themes, and themes, And patriotic riddles, too ; Do I indite them just for you ? Of course I don't-why should I? When some bold knight has got a job That makes his heart with rapture throb, And I have helped him hook his fish, Do I refuse a small commish ? Of course I don't-why should I ? A. SEALEY, Kennington. NARRATIVE DOUBLE METAGRAM. Ithe first letter of two words, to form two other words, ex- pressed in the narrative.) .--Severe black frost, A frozen mere- People skating Everywhere. Brilliant masher Proudly strutting; "Put my skates on," Figure cutting. Rude spectators Volunteer some Criticism- Let us hear some. " Thinks he's clever I" " What a fright I" "I wish he'd falll" "'Twould serve him right I" Masher smiles, Goes skating on; Splash I-hole in ice- Poor masher gone I "Run, some one1 quick I Fetch a rope I" " He's riz I" " Hold still I" "There yet is hope I" "The rope at last I Now hold on tight'" "Pull together-. There, that's right!"' Dripping masher, Fallen pride; Shrieks of laughter, Two.mileride. Rheumatism, Very ill; Pills and powders, P. WhTr, Nottingham.
6.-Let me in wintry days Dwell in the city's immensity, E'en where the weather betrays Folks with its wicked propensity; Mingle with people who are Goddess of vanit y's votaries ; Watch each particular star Shining in evening coteries. Do and be done by the frauds Living on wits, or the want of theirs; Scrape no acquaintance with gods , Who live on each uncle, not aunt, of theirs. Sometimes in clover they dwell, Certainly in the minority, Oft in a criminal cell- These I know in the majority. Joy when the sunshine appears, Though it may give but a sight or two; Joy with the last on the meres, Though it is gone in a night or two. City, be mine; I am yours- Yours for the time I have need of you; For when the spring-time allures I shall take no further heed of you. " ." " " When our old Time has come round- "'Tis but his way," says a funny man- I to the country am bound, Just like each sinner and "sonny"-man. Go, after packing my traps, Though I may fall into other ones; Wander through Bradshaws and maps, Look up all guide-books and t'other ones, Ah, it is first by the brine, Such a magnificent greenery; Cash, like the sun, may decline, Then you don't think of the scenery. Lie in the heat and in peace, Bring your invention to beggary, Practising, far from police, Every conceivable waggery. And in the sensuous eve, Pestered by never a petty cuss, Every high feeling relieve- Drop into furor poeticus. Come, O thou summer, and take Mercy in season so pitiful; Go, O thou winter, and make Desolate some other cityful ! IVANHOBE, Belfast. 7.-On the next of a first a young man sat; A slight puff of wind, and away goes his hat. CONDAHt. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to the author of " A Warrior Bold.") 8.-In modern days, when summer rays Are with us all the year, A masher bold his tailor sold, And at it felt no fear. " I live to love," cried he, " My heart, as yet, is free; I must have clothes, or I suppose The girls will laugh at me." So this young flat put on his hat, In latest fashion made; And took his stick, three inches thick, To show his rank and grade. " I'll suck my stick," thought he, "For then you'll know 'tis me; I'll say bee-haw and ogle, or No more a mash I'll be." This course he went till discontent Grew in the tailor's breast; He hired a " cop." on him to drop When mashing in his best. " Oh, spare my pants," he cried, S"For they have just been dyed; I'll pay the bill, but not until The gaol I've been inside." So in the dock this laughing.stook Was ranged before the judge; And for his crime they gave him time, But then he wouldn't budge. He stuck fast to the rails With fingers, teeth, and nails, And shouting, game, " It is no shame To live in England's gaols!" F. JonacsoN, Manchester. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 9.-Let sorrow.stricken bards relate Their lost and fallen muse, Their ulaintive notes will tell the fate Of Liberty's abuse; Then never more first bards will sing, But chant out doleful tales; Their lyres no more of joy will bring, They are the bards of wails. How, then, shall youth's poetic strain Be guided to the right P How shall the break prevent the wane Of poesy's pure light P How shall the spring of fertile brain Be tempered ere it fails ? We turn from last in true disdain- They are the bards of wails. Let Cambria's true sons now sing, And win for Gwalia's name A laurel wreath to crown a king With everlasting fame. And in the future we discern Applause's wildest gales; We theh for evermore shall learn Who are the bards of Wales. W. A. LANesToow. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is ohanged to form another word, ex. pressed In the narrative.) 10.-" Oh, me I I've lost my purse," Says Maud, "and all my money;" And then the fuss she made Was femininely funny. "I had it in my hand But just the other minute, And now, oh, dear I it's gone, And twenty shillings in it." The kind conductor dived Down in the straw, and fumbled About the feet of folks Who grinned, or guyed, or grumbled. SMaudglared around, as who Sihould say, "Upon my soul, it Could not have walked away; I'm sure that some one stole it I "When I got in this 'bus I might have known how 'twould be; That woman eitting there's No better than she should be I" Already, in Mand's mind, The thief was in the docket, When. " Oh, my purse I" she screamed; " I'vre found it in my pocket." A, SEALErR Kennington.
CHARAADES. ..... vu o w6i, 4 .Yi. -A; -vi v; which is a word.j 11.-When last to the fieat withthe long, toilsome years Of work, unrequited, that no one would prove, Oh, then on the mother-heart cast all thy fears, For there's never a love like the old mother-love. When friends shall desert you, and lonely you roam, Total and sad in the world that you rove, Oh, back to the mother-arms trustingly come, For there's never a love like the old mother-love. It cleaves the dark shadows that brood o'er the heart, And sweetens all pain like a balm from above; It ransoms our sorrow and heals every smart- There's never a love like the old mother-love. Then back to the dear mother-arms as of old, When storm-clouds hang darkly our tired headsabove, Let us flee, for its pity is full, manifold- There's never a love like the old mother-love. HEsrsPue. 12.-Dreamy thoughts of dead days, with their passionate yearnings And hopes which the future forgot to fulfil, Retrospect of my life, with its swervings and turnings And blundering steps up life's wearisome hill, Come over me sweeping, Till, through my heart leaping, Emotions entire that no impulse can still. And, with infinite pain, there is no art of masking- My errors and follies I plainly descry; I discern mines of love that were mine for the asking, The which in vain pride and conceit I let fly ; And the limitless measure Of infinite pleasure, That, now it has vanished, no treasure can buy. Oh, ye ghosts of the past, with your long, fleshless fingers, That, ghoul-like, unearth the decayed hopes of man! How ye last from the graves where yet memory lingers, To rapine the gems of the heart's caravan; Till the hope and the glory Of life's yet future story Is lost in first dread that the soul cannot span ! S. Btzsex. 13.-She sits before the harpsichord, Her fingers straying o'er the keys; Her eyes are looking into space, This first, her thoughts across the seas. "Oh, come from out that total long And give a glance, a word, to me!" My heart is praying, as I watch My pretty cousin Dorothy. Sir Joshua, in days agone, Had gladly painted such a face And dainty figure, silken robed, Bedecked with jewels and snowy lace. Would that Time's wheel were backward turned A century or so, and wei- Our present lives, unlived, unknown- Our great grandparents, Dorothy. Then would we tread a minuet, Like squire and dame of olden tale, I in peruke and buckled shoes, You in your ruff and farthingale. And would I, as I pressed your hand, Look down into your face to see The love-light shining in your eyes, And know you are my Dorothy P Ah, no! The vision quickly fades; No first returns, the wise men say; She has a smile for "cousin Jack,' But her true heart is far away. And gazing on her as she sits, On lasts-alack I not "fancy free"- I know that I have lost my heart For aye to cousin Dorothy. M. LESIs , 14.-If living truths the heart complete Of him who preaches to the crowd, He'll use plain language, but discreet, With earnest tone and accent loud. The church, where-first the gospel's taught, Displays a next to point the way Up to the place with blessings fraught, Where righteous souls will dwell for aye. AsPIRo. 15.-My total is a country lass, With cheeks aglow with health, With eyes through which the sunbeams pass ; She's rich in nature's wealth. Her lips are red, of cherry tint, And, parting, show white pearl; Her cheeks of ripened peaches hint, For she's a handsome girl. Though first her ways and full of glee, Her charms of last are great; These were the charms which captured me, And sealed my happy fate. When harvest comes with ripened grain, And Nature yields her store, In yonder church a happy twain Will wed for evermore. GEMneI, CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 16.-A shining object greets my eye, Suaspended there 'twixt earth and sky; Whole form and shape 'tis like a bird, Though twitt'ring voice is never heard; A true and trusty sentinel, His lonely watch he keepeth well. Up there, he turns from left to right With veering wind by day and night; Arrayed in feathers bright as gold, For years this weathercock has told The path of passing breeze and wind. Far though we seek, we never find The like unto this wondrous bird, That never uttered note or word. Vezt like to watch the sparrows fly About the steeple, up so high, Until, with many a flirt and flop, They perch upon it near the top, As if each bird of that whole flock Was brother to the weathercock. J, Mamnwr. 17.-A country is my first, well known; Curtailed, coin of that realm is shown. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two letters of a word, leaving another word.) 18.-The fencer tried to first, To stop the blow he reckoned; But his opponent, knowing that, To give it was not second. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated seParately.) 19.-Firsts are in the "howling" tempest, As it rushes wildly by; Nests are in the mighty "ocean," As it rolls beneath the sky. Thirds are in sweet, "charming" musio, Floating on the midnight air; Lasts are mn the "edito'e " forehead, Wrinkled by a load of care. When at night we're total bound, From our labour and our care, Oh, how pleasant seems our first - We are always welcome there. D. Bran. I
NARERATIVE MONOPHONN. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expremsed in the narrative.) (Tune, " Myr nam is ·John Wellington Wells," from "The Sorcerer," with apologies to Mesers. W. S. Gilbert and Arthur Sullivan.) 20.-My name is J. W. Sewell, I never was cleveir at school; To empty their purses, And worry my nurses. I fervently made it my role. When a boy I was christened "Tin-tacks," And I always came in for the whacks, And my delicate skin Was so lovely and thin, It was all over bruises and cracks. Bpt I now am an actor, and tragic. And I walk in Melpomene's shade; And my acting is awfully magic, I'm the very tip-top in the trade. My love scenes are true as the word-ah, But if acting you're longing to scan, You should see me commit a stage murder, amurder, To music d la Sullivan. For it would frighten you, Stir, and enlighten you, Fill you with wonder, and Lightning and thunder, and Music and swearing, and Raving and staring, and What is a death or two, Merely a death or two ? Oh, for a breath or two I For singing like this, you know, Isn't quite bliss, you know. See how you struggle, and Gurgle and guggle, and In the endeavour you Wonder however you Are to get through it, and Think you are mad, although every one knew it, and Ohl When a boy I was christened " Tin-tacks," And I always came in for the whacks; And my delicate skin Was so lovely and thin, It was all over bruises and cracks. I play noble lords To chords, On piccolos and fiddles, And wear fine things, And rings, And speak as if in riddles. For there's no one yet, I bet, Has ever understood me; They may close an eye To try, But comprehend they never could me. I play characters mystical, And catechistical, 'Cute and statistical, Also sophistical, Those agonistical, Ditto chemistical, And methodistical, For you will find I am very artistloal. I've studied phrenology, Ditto astrology, Also conohology, And entomology, Paleontology, And iothyology; Th' boss of our college, he Didn't approve of " theatrical-ology," Oh! My name is J. W. Sewell, I never was clever at school; To empty their purses, And worry my nurses, I fervently made it my rule. When a boy I was christened "Tin-tacks," And I always came in for the whacks; And my delicate skin Was so lovely and thin, It was all over bruises and cracks. J. W. SEWPa. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 21.-They're rough and noisy, nwhole and gay, As boys are apt to be; They love to shout, and romp, and play, In wild and healthful glee; But in their sports they never fail To heed each light command, For " mother's boys " are noble lasts As any in the land. I do not dread their future years, For manly boys, you know, Make manly men, who dare to stand And face a friend or foe; And youths who chivalrously try To win their mother's praise, Are apt to win success as well, And long and honoured days. J. M. Fm. a ,. CONUNDRUM. 22.-Ye riddlers of the " Tournament," Just listen unto me; Then try to tell me why Christmas Is like the letter EP Loan TICKLE-'EM-UP, London. SQUARE WORDS. 23.-Shine from above, thou little first, Of thee I'll never second; With outstretched third I gaze on high For last when angels beckon. Co-nDAmI.