RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.)
1.-Through a stretch of years unnumbered We have sought his name in vain; But the poet's muse that slumbered Has awakened once again, And the harp he firsts is golden, And the music, sweet and low, Seems to bring me mem'ries olden Of the days of long ago. In the bygone bright existence He was noted as a "star," When I, standing in the distance, Watched the "Tourney" from afar; But he shines once more amongst us, Making hearts with pleasure glow, As he did the merry songsters In the days of long ago. He has girded on his armour For the" Tourney " of to-day ; O'er the bard has cast her glamour, Urging him to join the fray. So he wields his sword victorious, Fearing not the strongest foe; For the palms he bore were glorious, In the days of long ago. Riddlers to the " T." devoted Soon will raise a gladsome strain, And will hail with joy the noted Mr. Kimpton once again. 'Neath the lasts he plays so sweetly Dreams and fancies brighter grow; For.he charms our hearts completely, As in days of long ago. > MAIoN L. TAYOR, Birkeead. 2.-No more we see old Jones's form, For he is first to rest; The village gossips called him " warm " (He wore a sealskin vest). He long resided at the Grange; Owned half the country-side; His hair was grey, and did not change Its colour when he died. Old Jones's mission was to bless- t- He would not harm a cur; s He walked the path of righteousness si (His boots were lined with fur). Not next but mourns that he is dead, And all asserted that Blessings would crown his honoured head (He wore a beaver bat). He left a mighty store of pelf, Though that is not a fault; Grim Death has laid him " on the shelf " (He's buried in a vault). D. Gow. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in alword to form another word.) 3.-Come, Katie, come ! And add another singer to the band; Oh ! come before the year has glided o'er us, Display your first next in the " T." before us, That through the riddling land Your name and fame may ring in mighty chorus. Come, KHtie, come ! A week was but a short reign for your muse; Oh! prithee, lure her to her rightful station With promises of constant emulation, And through the lists diffuse The spirit of your own bright animation. Come, Katie, come ! No longer undecided be, nor let The dread of W.P.B. deter you, But fall to work at once without demur; you Hare still before you set A sister's bright example to bestir you. Come, Katie, conme! Another Kate has figured in the" T.," But you know, miss, what Katie we're addressing. And now, dear friend, we'll say good.bye, expressing A hope that you may be Ere long towards Parnassus boldly pressing. Awry AND EvLNxE. REBUS. No.4. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 5.-The maiden first sad, as well she might be, For that night her dear lover would sail out to sea ; And in fancy she heard the roar of the storm, And next the spars crash round that well-beloved form, That to her was far dearer than life. Three years have sped, and 'tis Christmas once more, When a snowy.white vessel stands in for the shore; A boat is now launched, and is pulled towards land, The tiller being held by a masterly hand ; She leaps o'er the wild breakers in strife. The youth and the maiden are married. What more Need I tell P for my story is o'er, And I hope that all readers, compelled far to roam, Will be happy in bringing a snug fortune home, And be lucky in gaining a wife. P. E. PHLLIPs. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word.leaving another word.) 6.-I have been asked-first, fate is kind I- I have been asked to-night, For some fair charmer's album, Next little verse to write. Ye muses kind, come, lend your aid, And e'en I'll binid my head With linen damp, and lie awake The livelong night in bed. 'Tis morn, and I have bound my pate, Awake the night I lay,. The muse won'- come-oh, cruel fate! I've nothing got to say. DEaNiCHES. CONUNDRUM. 7.-Of your time give a space, And make a good guess : Try to name the best place -.To find BIGDE, Horselydown,
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the ( rst, and the fr syllable of the second.) IHDNTODucTION. 8.-Two words I'll write, which, if you guess correct, And then the middle syllables connect, A third word-that's the Triptioh-comes to view. Each word of syllables contains, mind, two. Frnst WORD. The day was hot-all nature boiled and baked- At fountains many a thirsty throat was slaked; But some at founts more strong than water drank, And soon to them the world was all a blank. Then see the tipsy fool reel on his way, O'eroome by first, or else the heat of day; For first his brain possesses for the hour, Till he awake from drink's enthralling power. SECOND WORD. My second is a knave of deepest dye, Whose only study is duplicity. 'Twixt sacred friendships of domestic life He sows the seeds of enmity and strife. He plots and builds his nest 'mid war's alarms; E'en love of country has for him no charms. But all his cunning brings no earthly joys- His life's a scare that fears the slightest noise. THE Tanrrica. How many a heart grows sad at festive time For dear ones absent in some foreign clime I Then, as the loving soul with longing yearns, To me for comfort evermore it turns. Still, by my means those wistful eyes may trace Each well-known feature of the cherished face. One consolation only past their reach- To see those lips move, and to hear their speech. T. L, H.nEY. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No.9. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below: BETAGRAMS. (Chann the second letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-Tom Brown to Jones a letter sent, Inviting him to spend a day At his superb establishment, To "shoot" a few first hours away. Now, Jones had never touched a gun, But, fearing chaff, he straight replied, "Expect me Monday next at one." And on that morning off he hied. On handing Jones a fowling-piece, Away the shooting party went; Jones felt his troubles quickly cease, And quite a pleasant hour was spent. But when, at length, the next began, With pheasants whirling through the air Before them, Jones found, as he ran, That shooting wanted wondrous care. a At last he " fixed " a handsome bird, And pulled the trigger with a bound; But when the wind the smoke had stirred, koor Jones lay stretched upon the ground. They bore him gently to the house, But ere the night his race was run. " Don't try to murder e'en a mouse Before you learn to use a gun." F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 11.-Shall I sing of " queenly Luna" (hackneyed theme of many a lay), Or of jollier strain a tuner, try a moment to be gay P Shall I take my lyre in hand-so ! and create a mournful din? No ! I'll tweak the lively banjo, and I'll sing of Lincoln's Inn. In an uninviting attic, in that region cold and hard, Lived amid the draughts rheumatic an attenuated bard. Though his state was meek and lowly, yet he sought the world's acclaim, And devoted himself solely to one task-to make a name. Now, though one time plump and rosy, mirthful, sociable, and gay, Such an occupation chose he as drove all his bloom away. From eleven to eleven he would exercise his head, Till the gloomy shades of even told him it was time for bed. He would first in style poetic of a future great and fine, Which was certainly pathetic, for he couldn't coin a line; And he'd think of many a ditty to electrify the town, Which were really sery pretty, but he couldn't write'em down. Round his attic he would caper, for it filled his mind with dread To commit his thoughts to paper, though he'd got 'em in his head; For of ideas he'd so many, one would put the rest to flight. He could think as well as any, but I'm blest if he could write. He neglected his vocation-got his "notice," it appears, And, devoid of occupation, roamed this" weary vale of
Supernaturally thinner he became, as days flew past. And to buy himself a dinner he at length has sold his last. LA LAciarKoss. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of crose words that are Roman numerals expressed in fisures.) Foundation Word. 12.-If primals you will read aright, A riddler's name will come to sight.. Croes Words. 1,500 and usa An author's name in this is seen. 550 ,, og A precious metal 'tis, I ween. -~ 2,000 ,, ogare A kind of puzzle now you'll sue; I hope you'll find it epedsily;. 100 I, w Where there's a fourh there. is awway. Now, readers, I will say good day. W. NorL., Glonmel, f _
METAGBAMS. (Ohange the irst letter of a word to form another word.) 13.-H ere's health to you, Harry-prosperity, too, A nd also sucoess in whatever you do. B ight glad are we all to behold you again R eturn to our" Tourney " with mirth.making strain ; Y our first for both pathos and fan ne'er can wane. C ontributors many have sung in your praise, H once have I no need to extol the bright lays A nd puzzles ingenious, score upon score, P oared forth from the pen so prolific of yore. M ine rather the task to express the delight A nd gratifloation we feel that you write New verses once more as a " Tournament " knight. P rice, listen to me, now: if you evermore R esolve to desert, I'm determined (I swore) I '11 send you a second to read you my"' works," C omprising some verses, quite famous-for jerks ! E xcuse me, but don't desert under the ciros. BARNETT De BEAb. 14.-Yes, all the world shall know it, I am a brilliant poet 1 Now, kindly do not startle in that way; To prove this wondrohs statement Without the least abatement, You please must let me have a word to say. Then thumped the throbbing thunder I Six small ships sunk asunder I The wind went whistling through each wintry wave (Poetic P Bosh and rubbish !) ow, do not be so snubbish Just read the next verse and you'll cease to rave. The waves of woeful whiteness I The beams of beamish brightness ! Soon made the sea first white as wings of dove (Now, last not this delightful ?) What ! HQrrid? senseless P frightful? Then kindly read again the verse above ! E. L. HOLLAND. 15.-Early one morn Jones went to town To buy his wife a nice first gown; Whether to choose a blue or brown He did not know. At last his choice fell on the browns. And paid to the next for it four crowns ; Then home return 'oross the downs Did Mr. Jones. When Mrs. Jones, whose name was Bess, To church went, in'the first brown dress, She walked into the third, I guess, With woman's pride. Jones said she looked a perfect queen; But fourth of her friends, when they had seen, Declared they both were very green. How rude of them I F. PHILLIPs, Mottingham. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 16.-A kind of carriage find for first. Dear riddlers, when you've found its name, By you then let it be reversed- You'll find it still remains the same. M. SPENCER, Willington Quay. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 17.-sPrimal, which signifies " to bend," Just lay before your pen; Deprive it of a vowel, and "To fall" it shows you then. As lasts the rain descends, you'll find- So now you have a clue- And makes the flowers all primal till Old Sol appears in view. AOvIsrTES. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which maybe treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 18.-My first a kind of meat will name You've tasted of, I think; Behead, transpose, then, I proclaim, You have a well-known drink. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. REBUS. No. 19. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 20.-Perhaps you oft, in last of fame, To Ed. a first have sent; And if a total it has made, You've seen it in our " Tournament." T. BorsToN, Birmingham. 21.-Dear Ed., I hope you won't reject myfirst, When I ask you to use this con. for me; I'm second it will be about the worst You're third to keep from the Waste Paper B.; To write this has been p. most total task, So I hope you will do just what I ask. KATE F. BOTSTON, Birmingham. ENIGMA. 22.-To tell you the truth, I'm a singular word, And I know you will call it extremely absurd, When I tell you the fact that I sometimes possess But three little letters, and oftentimes less; Now when I have three, sir, I'm sure you will see In msthetical circles they often use me; And e'en in arithmetic am I again- A figure, a unit, before you is lain' In grammar you'll find a position, [ own, And then I possess but two letters alone But France does me justice, and honours poor me, For there I mean everything mortals can see. E. L. HoLLown.