RIDDLE TOURNAMENTI DUAGRAMI. (Ohnnee the first two letters of a word to form another Word.
i.-1 naa taxen quite a fancy to the title I had heard Of the con, whose famous future I had proudly propbe sled, And a sweet, melodious accent seemed to cling around the word When in print I first beheld it, and my heart was warn with pride; For I felt, though maybe slowly, it first gradually ascend, Bringiog fame to the inventor who had proved himself- friend. So I watched it launched in safety 'neath an azure sum. mer sky, Anxiously to mark its progress, for I loved itas my own. And, 0 readers, words are useless to describe my jo- when I, Urging on that new-born puzzle, found that I was noD alone- That another pen beside my own had traced the pretty name, And another hand was helping it upon the road to Fame, Oh, could Musa be commanded, I would bid her maky me write Quite a truly graceful poem with a musical refraiun Unto Mr. Taylor, Middlesborough, then would I inudte It, for proving all my hopes and visions were not quite in vain; And a last of thanks to Philo I would also kindly send, For encouraging the Duagram invented by my friend, MkAonw L. TAYLOs, Birkenhead, BETAGtRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 2.-Ye who shine within these pages, And possess the poet's eye ' In wild frenzy rolling," li ten (If ye will, and Ed. puts this in) To a would-be riddler's sigh- To one who would join ye sages I Long I've yearned to take a journey To the founts of Helicon; And, 'neath that celestial mount ain, W hence the Muses' limpid fountain In tranquillity flows on, Write a riddle for the " Tourney." But I hitherto have faltered- lWhl, I know not, but I have; And, although I court the Muses, My determination loses Itsef ; for I am not brave, And my plans each day grow altered. I have quires of primal paper In my desk, and yet I fear To indite a riddle-sonnet, Lest you look too harshly on it, And cause me a heart-wrung tear And a sad, impromptu caper I Riddling sisters, riddling brothers, Pray be merciful to this, Aud I'll neat again-yes, really, And I'll love you all so dearly I Do you like this P " Fair.y, miss." Thank you, 1 hen I'll write some others. JENNIE ARTHUR, NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word, e.cpress in the narrative.) 3.--Pleasant it was in the August days, When the air was filled with the scorching rays Of the sun, that burnt with a yellow blaze In the '" thin blue air" of the sky, Reclined on the squab of a soft settee, In the scrumptious shade of a China tree, With a scone and a pitcher of senna tea, Through the twinkling leaves overhead to see The clouds go floating by. Pleasant it was, but it isn't now : As I balance my books with a wrinkled brow, And climb up columns of figures, how I long for those days of yore ! And sigh a sombre and sorrowful sigh For the senna tea, and the scone, and the sky, And the China tree, and the garden by! Jehoshaphat I how I wish that I Was an invalid once morel D. Gow, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 4.-'Twas last the pleaaant summer time We met, my love and I, Where grew the ash, the beech, and lime Beneath the azure s4y ; And all around teemed bright and fair, And bathed in a golden glow, As side by side together there We wandered to and fro. We talked of childhood's happy hoxrs, Dear ever to my heart, Nor thought that from this world of ours One of us soon would part. Ere yet another summer's sun Had shed its genial ray, Death on his endless course had run, And stole my love away. Alone I wander through the glade, And dream the happy past, Qs promises and vows we made, Too bright, alas I to last; Till slowly on the evening air My thoughts will heavenward rise To that bright land so wondrous fair, Far dp beyond the skies. I know when earthly joys are past, When, free from toil and pain, I reach that happy home at last, WVe,tto will meet again, Aud'thero together be us one On that eternal shore, Where first and sorrows never come, And partings are no more. J. G. NICIOLLS, ifltoe. 5.-I'd started for a walk one day, When it commenced to second, And soon 'twas pouring in a way On which I had not reckoned. My gingham to a friend I'd lent, So turned into a station (Please don't think that I underwent A startling transformation). For lack of something else to do, The time-bills I perused; And more than one I read right through To keep myself amused. I uc ticed. an excursion first A-t one place alwayq tarried To let the trav'llers stay theio;r thirst Or hunger, ere they're carried Onwalrd once more towards their goal. Now tellme, readers clever, Why no one there would food consume, E'eu though they stayed for ever ? What I can't you guess, my riddling mena Come, own that you are beaten I! You give it up ? Well, know you, then, The stiation was Nun.eaton. Tondo E,L., I.OIL,,OWAY, L
NARIBATTIVE TRANSPOSITION. elettersol aword re ttransPasaied, nd form another word In young Reginald Tompkins attended a school That was kept by the Reverend Stokes nd here I might say that the reverend's name Was the subject of numberless jokes). ewever, it's not about jokes that I sing-- etit is. But I'm wasting my time. f classics the Reverend Stokes was so fond, That to talk of aught else was a crime. specially, the myths of the Romans and Greekr Were awarded a share of his zeal; we whole of the Pantheon doubtless he had In his brain, which is saying a deal. at Reginald Tompkins was hbplessly mixed Betwixt Minos, and Momus, and More, d sages, and heroes, and sculptors, whereby, In his words, he "got into the wars." be Reveren:d Stokes, but a short time ago, Told the boy to stand up on his seat ad tell about Socrates all that he knew; -How poor Tompkins's heart wildly beat I et bravely he spoke, and said, " Socrates was- Er-er- Socrates was-lemme see es, Socrates was-er"- "Well, what?" shouted Stokes. "Er-giant and hero was he. 'lle fought with the Trojans, and shot every one, And could only be killed in his heel; t p'r'aps was the right, but I think 'twas the left, And the place where he always could feel. S But some one discovered that this was the case- I believe it was Plato or Ops "- Sit down 1" shouted Stokes. " Let me see you at six." Tompkins told us he " felt awful whops." J. A. B., Lowestoft. TRANSPOSITION. (Transroso the letters in a word to form another word.) When mighty waves are leaping o'er the sands, And sheets of foam their savage wrath disclose; When clouds are frowning darkly o'er the lands, And lightning's vivid flash through heaven glows; -hen trees and houses quiver 'neath the blast T'hat sweeps and whirls along in spiteful glee, ad rivals c'eu the thunder's roar at last, And swells the bitter moaning of the sea, hen, when all Nature's forces stand displayed In grand and solemn might before our eyes, an's first in awe and wonder grows dismayed, And in a mist of doubt and terror lies. at, oh I when brightly shines the sun once more, And crystal dewdrops gem each mossy dell ; _hen little children play along the shore Where erst the crash of foaming mountains fell; When sky and next are wreathed in golden smiles, And pretty flow'rets nod with languid grace eneath the zephyr breeze, the view beguiles The hardest heart, and soothes each haggard face. nd so with life: when cares and troubles rise, Our hearts'ie crushed and stricken'neath their pain; But whou the veil is lifted from the skies And all is fair, our souls rejoice again. F. G. WVEB, Southwark. OMEGRAM. (Tholastletter of aword is chunged to form another word.) Have ever you walked through the country alone- hrough sclitude's realms in the dead of the night, hen the wind dogs your steps with a petulant moau- Then for many a mile not a house comes to sight, d you stumble along with your nerves all unstrung If your cranium boasts of a sensitive bump), lyou come to a cross-road where some one was hung, Vhenyonurheart givPesyour chest an exceptional thump; d another one still, if you fiud you have missed 'be proper directionl, and followed a path at leads to a pond you ne'er knew did exist tutil noa, when you nearly enjoy a cold bath ? en your journey you once more resume, till the trees eem to menace your person for daring to pass; d the raindrops come down just as hard as you please, nd much harder, no doubt, if you're walking on grass. en it thunders and lightens, perhaps, till you feel sou'dbe much better off if at home in your bed; d you fir., the main road, for you cannot conceal our dislike for those trees, with such flashes o'erhead ; d your love for the beautiful seems to expire, r to burn with a feeble and wavering glow' ryon don't at the time, somehow, last to admire he grandeur the sky to your vision can show. 6d s,, minus the shelter the trees could have made. sou reach home at length, rather damp to the touch, oking more like a ghost than yourself, I'm afraid, s you give the door-knocker a "spirited" clutch. nt yos ever experienced what I've portrayed P you have, I can't say that I envy you much. AaccHE B., Kentish Town. NARRATIVE OMIEGRAM. e last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) Despair not, my friend, though the future seems dreary, TTi only the coward who quails in the fight; d thougn of earth's troubled and toils you are weary, e sure that in time all these things will.come right. e sun may be hidden in'dark clouds that tarry, nd keep back his hope-giving rays from your sight; par not, for soon the warm sunbeams will carry right morn to the heart that was shrouded in night. en think not that this life is miide up of sorrow, r that it is but as a phantom of night; Ssun from the cloud will shine brightly to-morrow, d scatter the sad thoughts that did thee affright. ean up and be doing I oh, be not repining ! prove each small moment of time in its flight; member that dark 'cldnds have silvery lining; espair ot, be hopeful, and ever do right. TIHE UNINowu, Gateshead. META.OIEGRAMI. e te first and Inst letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-'Neath yonder trees imperial, Whose lofty stems'upraise Their stately branches overhead, Secure from vulgar gaze, There rests a bower where many a flower Its beauty rareldisplays. 'Tis not of human handiwork, But Nathre's own array; And 'twixt its net of green above The golden sudbeams stray, While lightly round its tufted ground The sportive rabbits play. Adown its side enchantingly A silver streamlet flows, And, swanlike oh its surface cool, The snotless lifygrows While first its side, with kingly pride, UJprears the foreestTose. And each bright sower caressingly Eufolds the toiling bee, While swiftly o'er' each blossomed ncert The smaller insects flee - And oft is heard the gladBsome bird In joyous melody., , a calmnseemsever e oaptevail O'er rivulet and flower; And all seem willingly to bow To some trax scentlent power; While every~ leaf doifirms belief That 'tis a fairy's bower. ExcLsIon.
CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 11.-The seers of the ages have seen and sung The coming, in far-off years, Of a golden time when the Jirst has passed Her pilgrimage of tears, Made wise by sufferng and strife, And self-inflicted woe; And famine, and plague, and war will be But tales of " long ago." Of the brighter days, when the light of Truth Shall shine in ev'rv clime, Ring the mystical bells of the far-off years Down the corridors of Time I But bards have neither seen nor sung Thai woes of a hapless wight Who loses himself in a mazy next On a bleak December night ! Oh, say, will the wise man's apothegms, And the songs that bards may sing, Dispel the woe and the big heartaches, And the sigh at hardship's sting That animates the mind of him Who wishes to meet his fair, And cannot go to the trysting-place Not having a coat to wear? D. Gow AND J. P. HARRINGTON. METAGRAIMIS. (Ohazo tihe first letter of a word to form another word.) 12.-" In the far-off Afric regions, Where his sires in freedoln trod, Dwelt the black man with his legions, And his birthright but the sod. " Wild and savage, rude, unlettered, But with hearts and souls of men, By no iron shackles fettered, We were peaceful, happy then. " But when autumn leaves were falling, When the year was growing old, C:lme a voice of warning, calling, ' Watch I The white wolt soo:ts the fold I' " And whilst yet we lay in slumber, Ere the morning sun arose, Came they, first than twice our number, White men, and our deadly foes. " Fought we well-it little mattered. H ippiest those who found their graves ! For our tribe was broken, scattered, And the pale-face made us slaves. " See their thong-marks on imy shoulders I Those I next without a cry, When they in their fury told us We should either yield or die. " Bow unto the white man ? Never l Death for me has lost its sting; I will die as I have ever Lived-a warrior and a king I! * * * * " It is over. Yet, though lying Helpless here, the negi o's will Is unbroken. Iam dying- Dying, but unconquered still ! F. R. CouLoso, Bow. 13.-In first you'll find a piece of land, And often it is very grand ; My second will disclose a bird- Its song in fields is often beard; My last you'll see when it is night, But you can't see it when it's light. J. T. SIoTei, Birmingham. 11,-" If you please, sir, will you kindly send To MIrs. Milne, to-day, A half a ton of Derby coals, For which I now will pay ?" "Deliver them I can't to-day," Replied the serving.man ; "But I will send them, please to say, As soon as o'er I can." So off the little first did start, When back again she ran, And next, " When will you send the coal As soon as e'er you can ?" F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. ACROSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 15.-A s on life's road we journey day by day, 'M idst cares or joys, with heavy hearts or gay, Y ears that have long been numbered with the past B y primal's power seem aside to cast O Id Time's black veil, and once again we seem E xisting 'midst a world that's but a dream: H ours of our childhood seem but yestermorn; M any we see who long have gained Death's bourne; E nthralled we linger, whilst th' awakened mind R ecalls the years that long we've left behind. Cross Words. Ourfirst, you will find, is a girl's Christian name, And a very well known one 'tis, too; For a great lady riddler possesses the same; So now, dearest friends, there's a clue. Another girl's name kindly get for our second, And another great riddler you'll view; For one of the best in our " Tourney " she's reckoned (Her name is familiar to you). Yet another girl's name you must find for our third; In the learned "Olympic" she's frequently heard, A species of riddle for fourth please procure; You'll quickly discover it, we feel quite sure. Our fifth, you will find. is the well-known surname Of a genial family of writers; To excel in riddling is their only aim- In the " Tournament" they are great fighters. Now, we hope all the writers we've mentioned above Will constantly stick to our last; 'Tis the name of a paper we all dearly love, And the best of the present or past. S. FRaANtLIN AND G. H. PERRY, ENIGMA. 16.-That I come to the point has often been said, And my power most people have felt; But sharp as I am, I'm oft knocked on the head By the Englishman, Welshman, and Celt. G. A. JONEs, Liverpool, CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavine another word.) 17.--A famous first, I've not a doubt, My second shows to you; An Italian river then find out If you my last would view. M. SPENCER, Willington Quay.