RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. t letter of l a word is a anged t o form another word in the tletter narrative.)
b And so yOU want a lady, sir, ' To share your love and honour, And tell me of the many things Yoa mean to shower upon her ? " ou say vyour wife must be a girl Refined in every task, sir; If that's the case then let me say, Pray, why poor me then ask, sir ? you know I am not beautiful, Nor am I even pretty; I am not clever, sweet, or good, Although it is a pity. cannot speak two lines of French, Nor can I talk of Plato ; But I can scrub the kitchen floor, Or cook a new potato I My hands are anything but white, Nor are they long and slender; They cannot paint, or draw, and then Their touch is far from tender. They cannot boast of loveliness, Or gentleness, far from it; int they'll prepare a dinner, sir, Or trim a Sunday bonnet 1 I have not learnt of science yet, Nor have I studied art, sir; And affectation and myself Are very far apart, sir. Those meetings held for " Women's Rights" I've never yet attended; But I can sew your buttons on, And keep your stockings mended! liy heart, perhaps, has nothing much Wrapped up and hid within it ; But this I know-its earnest love For home has not a limit. And though I cannot dance a waltz At dinner, ball, or party, Yet my affections can remain Unaltered, true, and hearty ! What matters if my looks are plain, Myself a simple maiden Who with stupendous knowledge, sir, Is anything but laden ? One thing I know, and 'tis a fact That I discern quite clearly, I'd try to make you happy. Why ? Because I love you dearly I Love beautifies the face and form, And makes the red hands white, sir; It hides the lack of knowledge, too, Because it makes life bright, sir. And since you say you love me well, Although my learning's " shady." Then you may take me to yourself And fancy I'm a lady I NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt, NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. flIe teh0 two last letters of a word to form another word in the narrative.) I-Beautiful, winsome Mary, Down by the summer sea, Her face was the face of a fairy, As near as a face could be; And I loved my beautiful Mary, And my beautiful Mary loved me. We sat on the sands by the water, On the sands by the side of the sea- She was a gentleman's daughter, I was a child of the sea; But I kissed the gentleman's daughter, And that gentleman's daughter kissed me. Long, long by the tiny breakers In the closing light sat we, With never a sound to awake us But the splash of the summer sea, Till the sun began to forsake us, And the stars 'neath the clouds shone free. And then to her home returning, I felt, though the world was free, In the depth of my bosom burning, That she was too good for me, And an indescribable yearning That ever the thing should be. On the steps by the door we parted, 'Neath the shade of the lilac tree, And the tears to her eyelids started, But she turned them away from me: And she smiled once more, sad-hearted, With the smile that I loved to see. O heart in my breast which beatest! 0 sands by the summer sea I The fairest hopes are the fleetest, And the brightest hopes will flee; And the days when my life was sweetest Will never return to me. Toss, Llangollen. OMEGRAM. t'k stletter of a word is chanced to form another word.) 3.-A well-known stream the first will show, 'Tis one which every bard should know. By next you'll find, if rightly guessed, A common vehicle's expressed. An animal to mind recall, 'Tis on^ well known unto you all. In any busy thoroughfare A next should be found, I declare. In summer.time beside the brook We hear this noise made by the rook. Now in the next you'll surely see A thing which holds the miner's tea. If he should ope his mouth to speak, Depend upon it 'tis to sneak. The youngsters all well know the use Of final, which they oft abuse. RoBEaTo, London. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CHANGE. ICange tho letters of a word to form another word, expressed -in the narrative.) 4.-The youth and maiden sat alone Beside the pebbled strand Near by the sea, and in his own He held her lily hand. He gazed into her sapphire eyes, "I love you, sweet," he said; The maiden answered him with sighs, And, blushing, hung her head. Be pressed the hand so soft and white, Be kissed the dimpled chin, And said, "If I played cards to-night, Iknow that I would win. "You nask me why ? You shall be told;" ,, e pressed the fingers white; I know I'd win, because I hold A lovely hand to-night." A. SEAILEY. 'Lh CONUNDRUM. b nshould a publican visit a foundry ? R e\Is a riddle, ye puzzlers, to solve; |T's your hobby so you should all guess this, eaVgh endless thinking, perhaps, 'twill involve. D DKOFO, London,
NARRATIVE MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed In the narrative.) 6.-The shades of night were falling fast As through a rough-paved backyard passed A youth, who had beneath his coat A jew's-harp of unearthly note, Et cetera I His shoes were bad-the soles beneath His weary feet would scarcely sheath, And like the growl of thunder rung A naughty word from off his tongue, Et cetera! " Oh, stay," the housemaid said, " and wait My coming at the backyard gate 1" A slow wink hovered in his eye As quick he answered. " No, not I I" Etceteral " Get out of that," a bobby said, "Or if you don't I'll punch your head; The prison walls are high and wide"- "Oh, bosh 1" the love-lorn youth replied, Et cetera "Beware the master's eye so keen, Beware the mastiff's smile serene ;" The housemaid spoke in tones of fear, The jew's-harp answered loud and clear, Et cetera! A youth, all scared by mnastiff bold, Stood there till morn, both stiff and cold; But still he held, beneath his coat, That jew's-harp of unearthly note, Et cetera. There, in the morning light so grey, With slouching gait he moved away; Then, through the gate, which stood ajar, One strong kick sent him out afar, Et cetera I DIANA. 7.-Tn a neat little cottage in Erin's green island, Where trouble or sadness never should be, There, with his harp for his only companion, Lived Cornelius O'Grady, the bard of Tralee. The green fields of Erin he never once gazed on, The birds in the trees he could bear, but not see; Though he sang in their praise he never beheld them, For blind was O'Grady, the bard of Tralee. His fame had spread far and wide o'er the country, And people from distant lands over the sea Came to hear this great wonder, the talk of the nation, Cornelius O'Grady, the bard of Tralee. Ilut age laid him low, and the last words he whispered Were " Bury my old harp alongside of me ;" lie then touched its strings-his soul passed to heav'n- Thus died poor O'Grady, the bard of Traleo. His harp nevermore will resound to us here, His loving face no more will we see; For far away from the cares of this world Is Cornelius O'Grady, the bard of Tralee. J. BIRaELL, Belfast. ACROSTICS. (A word,or words, formed or the initial letters of other worded Foundation Word. 8,-'Tis really quite provoking when you hear some people say That with our climate they can ne'er agree: And when the winter season's here, and snow comes every day, You'll hear them growl, and wish it "up a tree;" They'll say, "Oh, 'tia confounded cold, I wish 'twas summer now I" But as that season soon in turn comes round, They puff, perspire, and splutter, " To keep cool I don't know how I" And wish that snow again was on the ground. 'Tis just the same with all the ills which fall to mankind's lot (An instance we have tried to show in verse), They never learn to be content with whatsoe'er they've got, But always seem to wish it quite reverse. Cross Words. In "Pilgrim's Progress" find this man; His footsteps follow if you can. When labour is finished, it comes not amiss To take by your fireside a few hours of this. Do your utmost for some folks, 'twill never be right; They'll always my third from morning till night. In contrast to such. you will find some so jolly, So sprightly and pleasant, and ne'er melancholy. A statesman great, now passed away; His fame will live for many a day. Dark clouds gather over the landscape so fair; Electricity's flash now illumines the air. With aid from this we've tried to write The con. just now before your eight. In one of Gilbert's operas this character you'll find; He wears a dress most gorgeous, with silk and satin lined. The poor wish they had it, the rich have a store; But all that may have it still struggle for more. E. GEORGE AND Jo-KING, Lambeth. Foundation Word. 9.-He came and he conquered-he vanquished us all; He wielded his pen, and he caused us to fall. He wrote to the " Tourney" as only he can; We laughed at his humour whene'er he began. His name is not long. 'Tis not Jefferson B., Nor Taylor, V. D., or H. either-ha I ha! So set your great minds all to work, then, and sing The name of this writer whom all own our king. Cross Words. A riddler who now seems to stop right away; We've not seen his verses for many a day. Now find out another who's quite 'mongst the best; His verses I read with most infinite zest. The head of the bold, gallant Irish Brigade, Of none in this page is this minstrel afraid. Another bold knight who is fighting for fame, And earning amongst us a well-esteemed name. Now write a young minstrel who's come in disguise To earn our applause and to cause us surprise. S. DE BEAR AND DROFFO. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. !Change the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.l (In answer to E. Forsyth, in No. 928.) 10,-Friend Forsyth, I was moved with pity When I read your doleful ditty In the "Tourney" page a few short weeks ago; So I come to your assistance, Even from this awful distance, To alleviate your very striking woe. You say that you are short of armour; So I offer you, my charmer, A few suits which once this warrior wore. They were made in Grecian manner By a smith who 'neath my banner Fougnt when I attacked Eurytus, king of pore. They're as strong and sound as ever, And, when wearing them. you'll never Feel afraid at any knight's attack; So throw off your lobster armour Ere a foe, in "Tourney" clamour, Pierce it through and lay you on your back. If you like my friendly offer, And accept my kindly proffler, Send a letter, in a week at mnost, To be left at the fair portal Of Olympia-realms immortal !- And you'll get the armour by return of post. HERCULES.
METAGRIAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) l.--In autumn days to inger on The jutting platform of the pier, To watch the sea-birds circling near, And in the distance far withdrawn Descry the fleet white.winged yacht, That dips and bends when breezes meet- To look on this and look on that Is sweet. To linger in the growing dusk, And catch the fragrance of the grass, To feel the winds that swiftly pass, Laden with scent of rose and musk, To climb the brow of yonder hill, And watch the sun with lessened heat Die in a bed of daffodil, Is sweet. 'Tis sweet to wander by a lake Or river; it is much the same To watch the water flush and flame, And bear the sounds that slowly waie; To find a tangled wilderness, Or charming ferlie's safe retreat, And to explore each wild recess, Is sweet. To go to sleep and lie till eight When you should be astir at six, To first the clock has played you tricks, And so to catch a train you're late; To find you're short of time and cash, That so you've suffered a defeat, That all your plans are gone to smash, Is hardly sweet. To see yourself fill half a page With what you guess to be tiptop, And at the bottom line to stop, The critic's candid nezt to gauge; To hear his plain, outspoken thought, To know your efforts are effete, To feel the stir that thus is wrought, Is hardly sweet. To hear the feeling words of praise, To feel that it is really meant, And not a sound that soon is spent That on the tripping tongue delays; To do what lies within your power, And know that failure's not complete, Though many other things are sour, This, this is sweet. IAvanoE, Belfast. 12.--Let artists paint in colours gay Fair scenes in ev'ry land afar; Let them the picturesque display, Or show where noble temples are; Let travellers tell of Zanzibar, And niggers sing of Tennessee; Let Scotchmen first of Lochuahar- Barnsley's the dearest spot to me. Let pious pilgrims wend their way To towns beneath the Eastern star; Let fighting men delight to stay In lands that feel the shocks of war; Let Arabs boast of Chilmanar, That sends its perfume o'er the sea: Such spots may suit the wandering tar- Barnsley's the dearest spot to me. Let ev'ry tourist of the day Who would his present pleasure mar Visit whatever land he may, By steamboat or by Pullman car: And though he journey to the Shah, Or by the banks of Zuyder Zee, Such trips his tender nerves may jar- Barnsley's the dearest spot to me. I last no means to go away, So I must stay at home-d'ye see P Then think how easy 'tis to say, Barnsley's the dearest spot to me. S. Woon. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostio. Theletters of erose words that are Roman numerals exsressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 13.-Eloquent statesman, noblest of thy race, Where shall we find one such to fill thy place? Now thou hast gone away, we can but see Statues, erected to thy loving memory. Cross Words. 100 and brue A Scottish king well known in days of old, Who on the battlefield was fearless, brave, and bold. 1,000 ,, yeen If this should e'er chance to appear, You would be filled with dread and fear. 100 ,, orhna With a ho, ho, heighol this is weighed, And on the ship's side 'tis then laid. 200 ,, hurh A place of worship stands defined; It is in every Christian's mind. 50 ,, poea Here a kind of glass please find- That is, if you'll be so kind. 101 ,, snsarus A beautiful flower this will show, And I am sure its name you know. 55 ,, sea A bond-servant now please behold' He's forced to drudge, so I am told, 100 ,, frean A foreign country this will be; You'll find it just across the sea. 6 ,, y A creeping plant in this you'll see, So pray explain it unto me. 1,050 ,, tenee This is air, water, earth, and fire; To guess aright is your desire. 51 ,, no In Africa this animal you'll find; 'Tis one of the bravest and fiercest kind. 1,500 ,, ru An instrument please find for me, And then delighted I shall be. HeCTOR AND SIR CLAUDE DE VERE. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (I)Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Young Mickey O'Flynn was a "broth of a bhoy," His father's delight, and his mother's great joy; But his intellect seemed to be very dull. And of good sound sense-well, his head was not full. One day his papa said, " Ah, Mickey, me man, Run doon to O'Traffey's as fast as yez can, And fetch me a pound av his very best butther, An' three poun' o' praties of Mr. O'Gutter." To get them he handed two shillings to Mick, With the parting injunction, "Now, moind yez bay quick." Young Mick took the money, and said," All roight, dad," Then sped on his errand as if he were mad. He kept up this speed to the end of the street, where some of his " chummies" he chancid to meet; He bowed to a tempter, his errand forgot, And with his companions he threw in his lot. When working at mischief the time passes quick, And at last a clock's chimes struck terror in Mick; His father had waited, and waited in vain- ' Och, sure, somethin's up, so I'll go dowen the lane." He soon reached the shop, and his hopeful son spied, "Ye villun," he shouted, " Oi'll tan yer young 'ide ! Oh, phwhat is the matter ?" as looks of despair Enveloped the face of his young son and heir. "Oh, father, dear father, plaze don't be unkind," Poor Mickey half-mumbled, and muttered, and whined. SThe m-money is mixed," he cried, with a stutter, " Oh, which is for praties, which is for butter P" DRYDHOG AND F. Jon0NSO.
NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which rend bnokwardc or forwards Is still the same. ex- pressed in the narrative.) 15.-0 knights of the " Tourney," come listen to me, Oh, dear I oh, dear I oh, dear ! To the ladies assembled I'm bending the knee; Oh, dear! oh, dear! oh. dearI I've tried to write cons. now a good many times, I've struggled and wriggled for difficult rhymes, For making bad cons. is the worst of all crimue, Oh, dear I oh, dear ! oh, dear I The daisies are dying away on the lawn, Oh, dearI oh, dear! oh, dear! The summer is pretty well over and gone, Oh, dear oh, dear i oh, dear! It came in that beautiful month we call Nay, 'Twas very nice, too, so a lot of folks say, But it came and it weot in one beautiful day, Oh, dear I oh, dear! oh, dear 1 I know a young lady who trimmed a new hat, Oh, dear! oh, dear l oh, dear! 'Twas as big as a sunshade, and very like that, Oh, dear! oh, dear! oh, dear! 'Twas intended for summer to keep off the sun, She bought it in May when the summer began, But the summer had gone ore the trimming was done, Oh, dear I olh, dear I oh, dear! I went for a ride in a 'bus t'other day, Oh, dear! oh, dear! oh, dear! And this is the truth what I'm going to say, Oh, dear I oh, dear I oh, dear ! A young lady got in-she looked happy and calm, But she'd five feet of sunshade, which caused some alarm, And the handle I'm sure was as thick as my arm, Oh, dear I oh, dear 1 oh, dear l I saw a smart youth on a bicycle ride, Oh, dear I oh, dear I oh, dear; In his stockings 'twas plain that he took a great pride, Oh, dear! oh, dear ! oh, dear! Ire went along spinning and looking around, His desire for "show " riding seemed to abound, So he perched on the handles and then on the ground, Oh, dear! oh, dear 1 oh, dear I I went with a friend of mine fishing one day, Oh, dear I! oh, dear I oh, dear 1 And fishing's delightful most people will say, Oh, dear! oh, dear oh, dear! We cast lines and waited-our hopes they were bright, We waited all day and we waited all night. And returned like good boys without getting a bite, Oh, dear I oh, dear I oh, dear I But I fear I'm encroaching a bit on your time, Oh, dear I oh, dear i oh, dear I So I'll finish up this enigmatical rhyme, Oh, dear! oh, dear! oh, dearl By saying " Good-bye," for I'm going to tea, And a nice cup of tea I can do with, you see; And I hope you'll remember this riddle and me, Oh, dear! oh, dear! oh, dear! J. W. SEWELL. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION, (Drop the first two letters from a word. Iiving another word expressed in trlo Iarrative.) 16.-Oh, football is a jolly game, And no one can gainsay it1 'Tis sure to dislocate or maim, And every one should play it. What boundless joy it gives to you To join the players' slaughter ! To get knocked down and kicked into A pool of dirty water ! And in a scrimmage fierce to surge And kick is quite delightful, Especially if you emerge With visage simply frightful, To see, through eyes half closed and lhchk, Your girl with "that Jones" flirting ! " Alack," you muse, " slack, alack I My feelings this is hurting." Ah I here's a chance to get a kick- You kick-O fatal blunder! You suddenly turn very sick, For, lo I the ball goes under Your foes' cross-bar-wins them the match, Just as the whistle's blowing; And you turn round in time to catch Sight of your sweetheart going With Jones-you need not to be told That with you she's disgusted. Alas l your chance of getting hold Of all her cash is " busted." To make things worse, some of your side Begin to curses mutter About "that goal," and soon you ride Home, half dead, on a shutter. Oh, football is a jolly game, And no one can gainsay it; 'Tis sure to dislocate or maim, And every one should play it ! P. WTATr, "Laceopolis." TRIOGRAM. (Chango the first three letters of a word to form another word.) 17.-With the sun up above fiercely shining, And fanned by a twice-welcome breeze, With a book in my hands, I'm reclining, But still in reality pining, For naught will poor mortals appease; For when we're content, We so quickly lament That tiring is taking one's ease. But, alas I the bright days are first speeding- Although the stern fact I would shbrk- Soon to cease the quiet life I am leading, Wasting time on the sand or by reading, Returning to town and to work, To rail at hard fate, And impatiently wait, Though wishes averse second lurk. J. STOCKs, Rydo. -- --------