RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META-OMIEGIRAIS.
S the first and last letters of a word to form another woru.) StOh patrick S. of Belfast town, your plaintive con. I tote recent sorrow caused by words a lady wrote; About the many bards aroundwill deem my speaking wrongy heart is pained when maid or knight within Y''r isand so I fain would sing an unpretentious Is g , Oh, Patrick S., you long have been a trusty knight and true tour e ngthy cons. of sterling worth have gained a name for po l ; ford Q ie did notf rst to cast the slightest doubt, I no, the merits ou ossess, upon the skill you show, pon the courage you display whene'er you face the foe. Then drive away those gloomy thoughts-the title don't dl myself a scribbler, and am proudtto last the name. So write agati with might and main, nor let your name he missed, An( prove yourself a worthy friend, and genially assist Us, one and all, to gain new names for Queenie's loyal list. Mrao-no TAYLOR. Birkenhead. 2,-"Art sleeping yet, beloved one, Whilst od'rous zephyrs fly To whisper thee, in loving tones, * Thy cavalier is nigh' P Cast cruel Slumber's chains away, And wide thy lattice fling; Oh, listen to the fervid lay My first heart bids me sing. "The night-winds, gently sweeping through The silent, darksonme bowers, Come with a borrowed fragrancy, The perfumed bheath of flowers. But when thy perfumed sigh is borne Upon the air of night, By Envy's sting its bosom torn, The breeze will take its flight. "The stars beam brightly in the sphere, The moonbeams come and go, And shine again with softer sheen In the calm sea below. Yet would their soft and mystic light No longer flood the skies If they could see thy smile so bright, The love-light in thine eyes." But while the serenader sings A window opens soft, And silently an old man's head Emerges from aloft. A smile of satisfaction breaks Out on his aged face; Then on his tiptoe down the stairs He creeps with stealthy pace. This old man is the father of Our lady-love so fair; And strong objections has he to Our serenader there. Ile steals round to the kennel and Unties a fierce bull-pup; A shot-gun in his hand as well, To blow our singer up I The crisis comes. Just as the youth Awaits his lady fair, A shot, a bark, a howl, a scream, All rent the still night air. Our friend has last (unlucky chap I)- He limps home stiff and sore; Whilst doggie in that back-yard chews The strip of pants he tore ! S. FRANKLIN AND G. H. PERRY. 3.-Of all the journals that I first (And I must own they're many), There's one on which I've just disbursed An honest English penny. It is the best, pr;' excellence, Of all the lot I take, And, while to others no offence, This carries off the cake. Among the best that Fleet-street gives, This paper may be reckoned, Andlevery riddling man who lives Mliust guess the one I second. So here's success to Y. F. P., And may its fame be spread At home, and far across the sea, Where'er our " tongue" is read. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London. 4.-What is first difference between Angry lovers and jilted maids P Next, the first, I guess, are cross beans, Th. others cut.lasses, or jades. CoLONNA O'D. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is clanged, to form another word in the narraLlve.) 5.-I remember, I remember The days I spent at school- The well-worn books, the master's looks, His huughty Ilie-I and sharp rebukes, Habitual " You're a fool I" I remember, I remember A pisric in the spring, When of great wasps I found a nest, Which some one sat upon and pressed, And shrieked, "You ought to swingl" I remember, I remember The many friends I've met, Whose faith was false I thought was true- A supposition I now rue With infinite regret. I remember, I remember The many friends I've known, Whose virtues were to cheer--forgive-- lo'r others than for self to live, A maxim now my own. V. D. T., Warrington. REVERSIONS. IA sord which road backward forms anotne, word.) 6-A stropn push, and the door is burst That hides us from the past We stand iuside the haunted /irst In the house upon the last. S. MILLs, Birmingham. 7--This Word contains but letters three; evers it, frieds, and you will see Anartie of ur,tility. E. HUoT, Kennington. ENIGMA. 8' u m find me in the Y. F. P.- You are looking at me now; Yon see me on land, also at sea, End oft I cause a row. I'm sometimes black, and sometimes blue, The news I tell you all ; I'm in omewindows very large, Ia Others rather small. O. W, RaiIaN.
ACROSTICS. (A word,or words. formed of the initial letters of other wor ds.) Foundation Word. 9.-From the midst of sluggish nature where all life has gone asleep, Come I with a boisterous rushing down the rocky moun. tain steep; Passing through the dells and valleys, where the flower. ing beauties dwell, And the songs of mirth and rapture in a gushing chorus swell; Bounding onward through the dark recesses of the forest grand, Where the midnight and the daytime join together hand in hand, Till I reach the grassy plain, and widening ever onward sweep, Clasped at last in the embraces of the ever-murmuring deep. Cross Words. King Neptune came on board With primal waving in his powerful grip; And for his many stranger-subjects roared, Who fled all o'er the ship. No one could tell whence he Derived the knowledge of his wondrous art; He was enveloped in a mystery Of which they knew no part. Beyond the busy town There is a place where Nature only reigns, And lofty mountains from their heights look down Upon the fair domains. They came with mournful song, And gathered in their hosts around the place Where he who all his life had fought with wrong Lay in the earth's embrace. High on the topmost peak, At whose dark base the waves in fury leap, With sounds of winds that round about it shriek And moan across the deep. See the bright waters move; She comes with glittering form and flowing hair, And her eyes trembling with a world of love To draw her victims there. With slow and stealthy tread, Wandering on mischief bent through forests wide, Thou art with plunder and foul actions fed, And seldom satisfied. IVANaoE, Belfast. Foundation VTord. 10.-Of primal's charms I fain would sing, They are so sweet and sure; True happiness they always bring, And many troubles cure. Some "Tourney" knights do sing of love In language loud and vain, But prienal's charms are far above Such nonsense, I maintain. Cross Words. Now first is a wonderful part of us all That often occasions us many a fall. Some people have noses so awfully next, At which I am sure they are certainly vexed. In third, by your leave, I'll exhibit to you A thing that is worshipped by more than a few. And then to be fourth is exactly my taste, Though some would consider it actually waste. A fruit that is pleasant and certainly sweet, Considered by some as the veriest treat. A name for young ladies in this will appear, A greatly-admired one, too, I can hear. A title of honour in seventh espy, Although in the list it is not very high. Some ladies wherever they meet will do this, And I'm of osinion 'tis worse than a kiss. A beautiful spot in the midst of the sea, Surrounded by water wherever it be. A beautiful virtue some people possess In greatest abundance, and others much less. Pucse, Ballymena. Foundation Word. 11.-Men strive hard to get it, But evils beset it, And often is the cause of terrible strife; And e'en when they get it They often regret it, For my whole will oft end with the owner's life. Cross Words. " It's a first, sir," he said, " As sure as I've a head." ".Second, I'm dead I" he cried; His speech his words belied. Get up and third-you are no good here, And when you're away you need not fear. I'll fourth and escape without his knowing, And if I do there'll be some stone-throwing. Youfifth brute, just let me go, And I'll tell you all I know, Sixth, sir, what is it you have to tell P Be smart with it, and all will be well. Please, sir, the dentist took from last and me Two ugly molars for our Jubilee I W. A. LAeosTox. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of '. word; leaving another word.) 12.-I should have written long ago In answering my thanks to show. But, Queenie, I was sick, you see. Atscho-o-o-o ! you'll guess my malady. I write this even with a stye Protruding from my flashing eye, And Betsy's getting ready now To clap a poultice on my brow; While, oh, my Queenle ! for my nose, It out-does any cabbage rose. But, in despite of tardiness, Deem not my pleasure is the less. I'm glad you think I should be missed From this said little favourite list. " Sweets to the sweet," stext, of us two, Who'd most be missed P Ifirst. Don't you ? NIArIE ZIaMERsIANN. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed iii the narrative.] 13.-Now, from the riddlers' masque One figure steps aside; Henceforward in her proper form And voice she must abide. Draw nigh and ask the reason why; She answers, "For a little day I joined with those who wear the mask; This night I mutst away." Then, if you choo-e to ask, " Tell me what name you bore- Tell me, when with the maskers there, What was the guise you wore P" She says, "'La Incoguita' I Appeared, and by that name was known, And every knight could thus defy, Save one, alone." Now, by her honour, here she vows Disguises farther not to first on Her sister dames and brother knights; She'll stay, theirs ever, Aesi Rorroso.
PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 14.-I'm in a merry mood to.-night, and so I'll gaily sing And waken up the echoes with my voice; I'll first the welkin (if it be not too far distant) ring, Though all who hear me, p'r'aps, may not rejoice! My voice is not a tenor-it's a little bit too low, And I'm told it's not quite suitable for bass; But, notwithstanding that, it's quite reliable, you know, And never yet has failed to rouse the place. "The Bay of Biscay " I'd got o'er without a single qualm, " The Death of Nelson," too, I had achieved ; And of "The Gauntlet " in a manner very far from calm I must confess I had myself relieved. I ne.xt a brave attempt to hurry o'er "The Open Sea," And then " The White Squall" I with courage faced; Down with "The Diver" I had gone as deep as deep could be, And soon "The Wolf" I'd hoirs do combat placed. I'd just commenced " The Postman's Knock," when, lo I upon the door A loud "rat-tat" I heard. The folks below Had sent up to inform me that for one full hour or more I'd quite upset their nerves by groaning so! A. AMBERLEY, Manchester. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter or a word to form another word.) 15.-Fellow-dweller in the city On the Anna-Liffey's banks, Let me stretch the hand of friendship, And you welcome to our ranks. Sure those riddlers can't resist you When you call, in verses sweet, Those who have our band deserted, First next names we seldom meet. How can they den(n)y you, Amy ? How can they remain away ? How can they resist your p'eading ? That is more than I can say. Well, we'll never miss the absent When we wet such nymphs as you All their places sweetly filling- Such as you there are but few. I. CLEARCHos. 16.-If you can't guess me you will call me first; If I perplex you, I will eat my second; Diana, you for information thirst, Therefore my last I judge you will be reckoned. Some like an outer place, and some an inner, I beg a corner for a raw beginner. MIADEIRA. 17.-Riddlers, you will agree That I am sure to be On every fish; Next a metal comes to sight, And I'm sure it is as bright As you could wish. G. BUCHANAN. 18.-My first is a daily meal; If you will change its head, I am certain that you'll find A country place instead. H. CARTER. 19.-A bird for first, if rightly shown; M y next's a word to sweethearts known; Y e riddlers, 'tis all true, you'll own. A. BUTLER, Birmingham. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) (With apologies to our young ladies.) 20.-If you want to know who we are, We are young maidens all truly devout, Since the gaieties vanish afar, And the season of fashion is out. In a riot of pleasures untold That naught could diminish or mar, We caught the insidious cold, And captured the roving catarrh. So now from a doctor of note We learn of the dangers afloat That threaten the lungs and the throat. Yet we make up for pleasures that flee With thought of the fair summer-time, And the far-away voice of the sea Is blent with the dirges sublime. In the meantime we care not to pose As total abstainers from beaus, Which you might incorrectly suppose. We seek for resorts to beguile, For anything harmless and new, To banish if but for a while This sense of the dcjd cotnna; But don't think us solemn and "blue" In all that we think of or do- You are wrong if you hold such a view. S. Smwrr, Fulham. CHARADES. Irormed on a word each sy!lable of which is a wor t. 21.-As he loudly bawled for waiter, I heard him tell the pater That of hotels this was the very worst; But father said, "To call Is of no use at all, When a waiter will come up here if you fist." At a "public" in our town Which I have often passed, I sometimes see this sign, " All beers drawu from the last." My whole's a town in Hampshire found, 'Tis not historical or renowned. A. A. DYras, Southampton. Whole. 22.-A poet great in whole you'll see, His name will long remembered be; Beloved by all his friends was he- Can any tell his name to me ? First. A metal precious, you will see That what I'm writing now will be. Second. Look at my last, some one you'll view Who manufactures things for you. ROLLA, West Green. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 23.-All carpenters would say that this Most usefil tool they'd greatly nmiss; WVitlhout its help the blaclksmithl, too, Parts of his work could never do; And other men in many a trade Will often seek its friendly aid. N.,w, persevere, and you will soon Discover this most precious boon; 'Tis given to all--bysome abused, Ily others it is nobly used; IBut peoplle mostly, it is cleor, Count its possession very dea:r. C. F. BARKER, Wood Green. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another rword.) 24.-A royal ornament you'll find in me; When I'm curtailed a bird you'll see. LITTLE BO-IEEP. 25.--Cturtaii a colour, anl, instead, There will appear part of your head. SLVER SmONES.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the nlrrative.) (With apologies to Robert le Diable.) 26.-Y ears ago, I would tell you, brave knights and fair ladies, O ne evening a meeting was held in dark Hades. U nder a canopy sat King lMephisto; N ear him, his minister, Monte le Kristo. " G ive me my pipe," cried the mighty old master, "F or I am sore puzzled. My thoughts must run faster- O ur paper, Young Folks, longs to greet my old' punner.' L or', why don't Le Diable write 'em a 'stunner' ? K risto, call hither the careless young scoundrel- S ure, I the smart gallant must question and 'sound' well." I n a twinkling they brought forth the riddler 5o tardy; S aid Mephisto, " What's this, sir ? Faith, you must be hardy, T o brave my stern anger. I don't understand it. H ow dare you defy me ? Come, sir, I demand it. E ver since I first chose you for my correspoudent, B y Jingo! you've been, sir, both low and despondent. E arly you offered to write, sir, I know it; S urely, it can't be you now wish to ' stow' it? T he position you fill as Mephisto's con. writer P ledges you to send more in, not draw the reins tighter." A pause, and then slowly the riddler made answer, "P lease take from my features that hot, piercing glance, sir; E very bone in my body is being cremated." " Right you are," said Mephisto. "For that you are fated." "Ever ready, as usual, to joke is your highness," V ery calmly said Robert. " This answer of mine is E 'eu that at my ' uncle's ' I 'lent' my poor muse, sir, R equiremnents of life. Don't growl-'tis no use, sir. P lease leave me alone, for from blame I'm exempt, sir I U nlnss all my genius you treat with contempt, sir! B ut enough-I no lounger dare leave terra-firma, L et me off for this once, as I am but a learner." " I will for this time," said Mephisto; " but mark me, S o sure as again you refuse, sir, to hark me, H ither close to thy couch I will bring something pliable, E 'er perhaps you may learn that alone you are liable, D id anything happen to Robert le Diable !" NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 27.-I knew a gay poetic youth- A clever riddler he- Who worked his brains both day and night Composing for the " T." And this the burden of his first For ever used to be: "I'll sing of nobody-no, not I, For nobody sings of me I" " Thou'rt wrong, sir," quoth a fellow.knight- " Thou'rt very wrong, I see; For if thiou'lt rhymle upon my name, Then I will ne t of thee." And this his vow from henceforth was, And this he last with glee: "1'll sing of somebody-yes, will I, For somebody sings of me." A. J. DICKSON, Bootle. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treated separately.) 29.-My first is in paper, but not in book; My second is in jackdaw, but not in rook' My third is in practice, and also in preac ; My fourth is in learn, but not in teach; Myyfifth is in iron, but not in steel; My sixth is in stagger, but not in reel; My seventh is in make, but not in destroy; My eighth is in female, but not in boy; My ninttlh is in lane, but not in street; My tenth is in tidy, and also in neat; My whole is where fatuous politicians meet. R. OLIVER, Tottenham. LOGOGRIPH. (A word whichl may be treated as a mletagrram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after oaoh operatien.) 29.-Curtail a word that means very harsh, To disunite 'twill be; The central letter then delete, and A prophet you will see; The first letter now chauge, and you A nobleman will behold ; Again chance head, a thing you'll have That is often bought and sold. .1. BIRRELL, Belfast. CONUNDRUMS. 30.-Here is a con., ye riddlers all, Ye riddlers great and small; Tell me quickly the reason why A spendthrift is like the letter Y. W. CANNIsNG, Belfast. 31.-Riddlers, can you tell me A noted person's name Who by base (bass) achievements Has gained the height of fame ? H. MILLS, Birmingham. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) 32.-A famous battle in my first you'll see: Take away the centre, and part of you I'll be. A. SMIriH. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 33.-A consonant; a pronoun; seek A shelter ; in a carriage weak ; To be well scolded; name for sun; The end of human; off I run. * T. P. CowvLIN.