AND TRANSPOSITIONS.
What would any child find in nine thumps ? Punishment. When a husband promises his wife a new blue silk dress, what can she find to grumble about ?-That it's not to be sat-in. TRANSPOSED WORDS. Great helps. Lo I reign. Go nurse. No more stars. Telegraphs, Religion, Surgeon, Astro- nomers. When may a young woman be excused for dyeing her hair ? When she is quite light-headed. My name, methinks, will not long be a-missing, When I tell I'm for fighting, for wearing, for kissing. A ring. Tell me true, 'twixt you and me, Whisper, love, what is to be ? 'Tis a verb. TRANSPOSITION. I took one off my bed, shook it about, dropped it out of window, and saw it scamper off to the sea. Bolster, lobster. Sam, arise--arm-remain near me-earn a name, sir -I am a miner-a man in a snare. Out of what one word of seven letters can you make this and many more sentences Remains. Why do some youngladies object to singing by themselves ?-They say it's so-lo-w. Make up twelve sentences out of " Select new events." They are the same letters. A rhyme showing how many times the word that may be sensibly used : - Five thats may follow closely one another, For be it known that we may safely write Or say-that that that that that rit was right. Nay, e'en that that that that that that has followed Through six repeats, the grammar's rule is hallowed ; And that that that (that that that that began) Repeated seven times, is right-deny 't who can! LoG.iC. Prove the relationship of the steam engine to a quartern loaf. Allowing that a steam engine be an inven- tion and that bread be a necessity, therefore as " Necessity is the mother of invention," bread must be the mother to a steam engine.
Why should a little girl not complain of having a Roman nose ? Because she might get a snub. We work together, Many a one, For should we differ We are undone. To-day we are here, To-morrow afar, When our breath fails us VWe rest where we are. Railway train. When is a winter fire like a goddess o. old ?-When it's a roarer-Aurora. ENGLISH COUNTIES. I. Tramp-tin shoehorn. 2. Horrid foxes. 3. "Eggs or ham-Nil "; (or) ':I am Hon. Slergg, R.A." 4. Tired horses. 5. Dish before Dr. E. 6. H. Hire big Ned's. 7. Order fish fast; (or) Dose Frith, R.A., F.S. I. Northamptonshire. - 2. Oxfordshire. -- 3. Glamorganshire.-4. Dorsetshire.-5. Bed- fordshire.-6. Denbighshire.-7. Staffordshire. DOUtBLE ACROSTIC. Some vow they ne'e; have known this ugly first, While to a goose they'll say the next un- daunted ; Unto this third I once a Roland gave, And famous Gib.'s a number four much vaunted. Look down, you'll see an English town of fame, And plainly spell its old and modern name. EnvY B o () t )liverR Ebor--York. OLi Molt0 OF THE HARISONS. " Hunu'lis sIunrus." Write this as below, and it may be read and multiplied 81o0 several ways, viz.: HuIIus 9, sumus 90; 9 times 90o= 810. S S U S H U M U S S U S S Take the heads and the tails of three donkeys at play, Take one-fourth of a fowl, a white one or grey, Take the end of a pig, be it little or big, And the last of a dancer who's finished a jig. Shake all these together, and then you'll see plain The name of a battle that happened in Spain. Saragossa. QUEER FACTS. Take two letters from money, and only one remains ; but take money from any number of letters and it will make no alteration in them. "'Write'" we know is written right When we see it written write; But when we see it written right, We know it is not written right. For write, to have it written write, Must not he written right or wright, Nor yet should it be written rite, But write-for so 'tis written right. That the first thing in a boot is the last.
In what word do we find that La is the middle, is the beginning, and the end ? Is-la-and. A donkey back, a donkey back, a donkey back they'll go, Away to see the country sports, a long way off, you trow. Fred mounted, and Fred hurried off; Joe cried, " This is unkind! " But then his donkey came so late, he's just an hour behind. Besides, Fred found a shorter wav, by four miles nearer, quite, Than that Joe travels ; somehow Joe is never in the right; And yet it haps they reach the place, to- gether trotting in To see the fun or hear the shouts of those who lose or win, To marvel at the roundabouts, the clatter, and the din. Then as the clock strikes, home they start, agreeing now that Joe Shall travel by the shortest route, the one that Fred did go, While Fred shall take the other way, the four miles further ride. He vows he will be home the first, if no ill luck betide. Each hurries off at smartest space, yet Fred trots in with glee Six minutes clear ere Joe comes up - all out of breath is he; Though ready for a sharp debate ere they sit down to tea. How far the fair by nearest way ? at what pace each did go; And what the difference per hour? yet neither seemed to know. Fred says 'tis thus, Joe swears 'ti, that. D)car reader - rat say you ? Pray reckon up for Flred and Joe, and girv the answer true. Fred, Io miles an hour. Joe, 8 miles an hour. lair, 20 miles away. DI)i' Lu: II ISToRIC ACROSTI'c. A queen who reigned in troublIcd day, ; A ruler that most men now praise; A warrior king from foreign shore; A princess in whose reign was war. Three of this name our throne have sat in, " Divide and govern"--'tis in Latin. The warrior chief who shared the gl(ry Of this great day in England's glory. H e n r i e t t A () 1 i v e R A n n A K i e h a r D Divide et ImperA Howard-Armada. THREE POSERS FOR OUR FRENCH SCIIULARS. Quiconqluc attcint d'une fain divorante ()scrait contier au sort de mon premier. L.'espoir de faire un bon entier Risqucrait bien souvent, tiompd dats son attente D'ctre contraint a faire mon dernicr? Dc-jcuncr. 3hnb premier, tige chancelanlhc scrpl)ete. lon dcrnier s'enfuit et se perd dans I'air. llon etier court et vagabondle sous l'onde. P oi,- -n. Sa\voir deux fois rcpcter mon premier :st de l'cnfant la premiere science. Savoir en tout r6piter msn dcrnicr Est pour l'acteur d'une haute importance. Un oratcur qui perdrait muon entier e'crdrait aussi tout droit a l'indulgence. Pa-role.
Up rose a loud shri-spoken miss. uch her " Mrs. Chatter." 'twas waste, but then no matter; T\wo HIDnEN PRO'E~RS. Up rosMe loud shrill-spoken misave more." sharp advice she uttered On this and that; they would not ist, andy some among tnhem muttered. Others would have her to sit don, nand ty led her " Mrs. Chatter." The more they frowned, the more she talked-- 'twas vaste, hut then no matter ; They might not want to hearken, but they would not run away, For tea and toast would ready be when she had said her say. " Much would have more.'' " Waste not, want not." Query, to be asked aoncl answered in a hmun. If ten hens md one henpen cost tcnpcnci":
< 2;- . . y ." rý'4 ri ýý;" , I" I4I I <, and ten henpens without any hens cost tcn- pence, what would be the cost of ten hens without any henpens for the hens ? Eleve npence. PENNIES AND CAKES. Two country lassies, on a day, Quite wearied out with making hay, Decide 'tis time to dine. So each brings out her little store Of home-baked cakes and nothing more. One maid has five-ns for the othens ?e- They spread them out for all to see, And quite contented seem to be, Nor think their meal is scanty. First fetching water from the spring, T v to enjoy themselves begin-- fTp IS en a third maid comes nigh. 9NO88 1
" A weary wanderer you see, To help the hungry pray agree," She said, and sat beside them. " I do not beg, as pence I own, Yet naught can buy in place so lone. Eight pence have I-nor less nor more- Divide with me your tempting store, And I'll divide my money." She spreads her pennies near the cakes As equal shares from each lot she takes Of the five, and the three outspread. They all gossip, and eat, and laugh aloud, Ere the two go back to the haymaking crowd, And the stranger resumes her way. Yet, now comes the puzzle-how shall she pay For the cakes they have eaten-it's plain to see That nothing remains of the five and the three. Eight pennies-dear me-how divide them quite fair, That neither may get any more than her share ? They reckon and jangle and count up again, Till the schoolmistress passing, the matter's made plain. Each girl received the third of eight cakes- that is 2; of the cakes. The first having contributed-21 of cakes. Second 3 of cakes-2--, --as 9 to x. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. " alk up ! Walk up ! " the showman cries, " Herein the strangest sights will greet your eyes! " This you may try, if you're lost in a wood, Though if nobody hears, it will do little good, He stares at the stars, and he looks very wise, Yet what does he know of this world in the skies ? The pretty wild thing bounds in frolicsome play, And ere harm can reach it, has bounded away. She reads the fine poem, with smile and with sigh, Then goes into these, though she scarcely knows why. The summer is going when this bird flits by ; You do me each day of your life-or you die. On horseback they met, and together did play At a sport that delighted them all the long day. 'Twas a thing to be swallowed, a cure for each harm, In the days when advertisement lent not its charm. Nor form, nor size, nor colour, yet 'tis found Where size and form and colour most abound. Seen in our London streets, or felt at sea, 'Tis what no reader of this rhyme should be. Two names are here, unrivalled their renown; None more deserve the poet's deathless crown. S h o W HalloO AstrologeR K i D EcstasieS S walloW PolO ElixiR A r T RougH Shakespear-Wordsworth.