RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENT. No. 1.
The night is dark; the lightning's flash Lights up the scene; the thunder's crash We last; the waves with fury dash Upon the rock-bound shore. Hark ! hark I What means that solemn boom ? A vessel hastening to her doom I Her crew too soon will find a tomb- They'll tread the land no more ! It makes our firsts with pity bound To last that sad, that solemn sound. Oh, can no willing first be found To lend a helping hand ? Yes; see those men so truly brave Who dare the ocean's angry wave. Let's hope that helpless crew they'll save, And bring them safe to land. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. ARITHMOREfM. No. 2. Foundation Word. In a this he stood easy and careless, The fire flashing forth from his eyes; He stands there in manner so fearless- "The first one that touches me dies l" Cross Words. 101 and featonfeat Solicitous, loving, Gentle, and kind. 1 ,, grunnt This meaneth moving, Reader, you'll find. 51 ,, tot Mr. Macpherson, Lord George do Grey. 1 ,, neer This nice young person Met me to-day. 1,000 ,, buth Part of your frame, sirs; 'Tisn't your head. 50 ,, sarun This a girl's name, sirs; Not Winifred. 1,551 ,, pe A pretty this, sirs, Appeared on her chin. 1,051 ,, ye I'd like a kiss, sirs; This girl I'll win. W. D. PIcK.IuNe. METAGRAM. No. 3. It was young Jones's ardent wish An athlete to be. His first was Grecian, but, alas ! Thin as a lath was he; So dumb-bells heavy at a shop To buy he did agree. He tried them for a week or two, When, lo I a wonder see. His muscles second massively (This sadly did next me), And round the chest he measured Some inches forty.three. Larger and larger grew his frame; O'er all he held the sway. But he fell ill, his strength did last; His muscles fell away, And ne'er revived, although he tried The dumb.bells thrice a day. R. DOUGLAS. ENIGMA. No. 4. My name, kind friends. I pray you tell, And I will show you where I dwell. Though I am felt, I am not seen; My colour's neither white nor green. You'll find that you're possessed of me; I pray examine, and you'll see That I am either good or bad, And sometimes set you nearly mad. Of me our Ed. has got his share; With him you cannot all compare. The share of me that he has got Will bear inspection by the lot. I am confined within a cell, And in most beasts I'm sure to dwell; I'm found in rich as well as poor; Sometimes for me there is no cure. And be it known unto you all That I come at your slightest call; To me you are not very good, For lo II don't get any food. Now, have you found out who I am ? If not, I pray you will be calm, And do not lose me in the row, Or else to me you'll surely bow. DEMOSTHENES. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 5. To do this right, dear riddlers mine, Transpose a word in every line. Dear sister Rose, it grieves us sore to see you dull to. night; No dinner did you eat, nor tea. What ails your appetite ? Throw lumps of coal upon the fire, bring out the plums and wine, Whilst I read Young Folks to you, dear, until it is bed- time. I bought a copy when in town; won't it be jolly fun To read till late this pretty tale ?-'tis only just begun. You know last week Tom Rodman left his home for the salt ocean. At school, you'll own, he made a name; but now he seeks promotion. He's got the rate of midshipman; he shed a tear on leaving His home and friends-from pleasant dale to go the lead a-heaving. And may he, when he gains the land where yam or lemon grows, Spin us a yarn, not cut it short, like Snip oft does our clothes. Whether he shines a star among the tars we soon shall know; With marling-spike or boarding-pikes, Tom soon his pluck will show. With belt on hips, on board his ship his crew he tries to cheer; True as the dial, his gun is laid to sink the privateer. No time to bandy words has he; his sword he handles well- "Not one shall live," cries gallant Tom, "their evil deeds to tell." S. C. HEATH,. DECAPITATION. No. 6. "Oh, what a pretty bird I" she cried, As to the youth she beckoned. " Yes; that's a first," the youth replied- He was the maiden's second. BAR-NETT DE BEAR. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 7. My first in each church nmany be found- That is, if an organ is there. Hark, how the bells last! How they sound So clearly upon the still air l M. FABLANQUE, Bradford. CHARADE. No. 8. Myfirst is prized by every one of high and low degree; My next is found wherever roll the billows of the sea. My wchole is in my heart for you, dear Young Folks brave and true. Good-bye, my worthy riddling friends ; to all a kind adieu. T. O'Coexon, Kinsale.
ACROSTICAL METAGRAM, No. 9. C ome, all ye readers of our weekly riddles- H ow weakly all my own I need not say; I cannot write as well as others did, else, L ike them, you would consider me an, fait. D o as you please upon that point, dear reader, O nly I wish you now to give a cheer F or one who ere this time has been a " leader," T herefore deserves encouragement to hear. H e pens his primal lays in clever manner, E ach con. of his the reader edifies; M ore so because he lingers 'neath our banner- O ur banner so delightful in our eyes. Oh, even ye who care no next for cons., sirs, N ow give a cheer for Mrs. Luna's son, sirs ! H. C. PImcE, Southwark. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. No. 10. Lead me, James; I can't distingu sh Man or object this dark night. How the wind doth moan and whistle, And the thunder rolls in might! We have still some miles to travel, But we should be near the dale, Where the roads branch off at angles. Choose the right one, Jim; don't fail. But it is a great deal clearer, And methinks I see the way. Yes, I have it; 'tis the centre Road, and you can show the way. R. Gsaxr. METAGRAM. No. 11. I'm long and very thin-small wonder why: Not e'eu the smallest grain of food take I. I often mine deep down into the earth, Yet do not know of any metal's worth. Most luckless of all things in mortal ken ; Down-trodden by all kinds and sorts of men. The surname ofa gay old fabled king, Of whom right oft my younger brothrers sing. In very many kinds I may be found; Sometimes, perchance, you'll see me in the ground, Or in a cupboard, though you bolt or lock it, Or in your boot, or even in your pocket. F. W. B1.NusT:.A. CHARADES. No. 12. High above the bustling city, High above the roaring sea, High above the meadows pretty, On the church my irat you'll sco. Hark ! the huntsman's horn is sounding, As they leap o'er hedges high, And the hounds are onward bounding In next of old Reynard sly. Over field and bush and bramble, On towards the distant goal, Sportsmen jump and dash and scramble, For to-day there is a whole. CoULsoN AND Ancocis. No. 13. M1y first and my last are nothings, you'll know; My middle from it a ship's cannonuu may blow; And my wholeol in a name at once you may shape, Less famous for canister, truly, than grape. ALEPHISTO. DECAPITATIONS. No. ' 14. "I'll first no more," the drunkard cried; " I'll lead a better life. No more I'll turn thee from my door, My loved, yet injured wife." " Take this and next it for my sake, For I've not long to live," The dying soldier feebly said; "'Tis all I've got to give." Part of yourself my last will show, If it you study well ; Then very soon I think you will My riddle's answer tell. M. L. RAw, Bradford. No. 15. Complete, I am a magic spell; But take away my head, I then become a little word Of injury instead; Behead again, and then you can In me behold a part of man. A. J. H. I. uvax, Colchester. IENIGMA. No. 16. 0 grim and silent sentinel of iron fame, I'll e'en make clearly out thy true position, For oft, when twilight o'er the eye asserts its claim, Thou'rt taken for some awful apparition. 'Twas long ago when I, the country to explore, Plunged rashly into regions rough and hilly. I lost myself; with umirnd and body tired and sore, I found that night was creeping up, all damp and chilly, When suddeuly you blocked the path. With joy, Ichose The way you pointed out with friendly finger, And soon I brought my ramble to a close. To tell the rest I'm sure I needn't linger. But, ah, a moment tarry ! there is something else, For, drawing near the haunt of fellow-creatures, As eight was given forth from rusty bells, Your light shone o'er my dusty, weary features. FaoD. M. ROTATION CHANGE. No. 17. As I'm a "riddle nut," just try and crack me, sir; 'Tis seldom thata farmer's pond will lack me, sir. I favour fools ('tis well to be a fool, you see); I'll stick to you-my impudence is cool, you see. Those who third brains may yet possess real oaken hearts; But third of means is oft the cause of broken hearts. They pelted him with eggs, and said 'twas jolly fourth; But he thought 'twas a very melancholy fourth I From "porkers" made- a greasy preparation, sirs; And here concladeth this our small rotation, sirs. PRICE AND COULSON. CURTAILMENT. No. 18 This, my dear friends, if rightly 'tis read, A country in Asia 'twill name; But if of this country you cut off the tail, It gives you a part of your frame. W. D. Pscrasce.t