RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DOUBLE ACROSTIO. Foundation Words.
A NOTHER Double Number ? Well, that's glorious l Young Folks to buy it sure need no persuasions For our dear finals, ever meritorious, Is always doubly so on these occasions. We greet it with a shout of acclamation, And hope 'twill have a mammoth circulation. For surely our dear Ed. is greatly jollifled When giant circulations are recorded; It fills his heart with primals quite unqualified, And proves his toil has not gone unrewarded. So may this number be a huge success, And fill our Editor with happiness 1 Cross Words. You eat it not, yet, strange to say, 'Tie in your mouth by night and day. An animal whose coatso warm Is robbed, to clothe a human form. Oh, say what agony is there, forsooth, Worse than the third of some decaying tooth ? We often read in mythologio pages About this goddess of the former ages. When a bold Frenchman tried my love to kiss, I smote what he was pleased to call his this. A kind of mental weariness and haziness, Produced by long-protracted fits of laziness. Resist this, and its snares avoid, For many a soul it has destroyed. His life must truly wretched be, Depri ved of glorious liberty. Thanuk Ieaven, friends, that you and I In freedom sweet can live and die ! F. W. BINSTEAD. OIEGIRAM. 2.--The lordly hall in grandeur stood, A durued with carved and 'blazoned wood; Each first recess a trophy bhre-- Memeutos all of ancient lore. Of skill in tourney, war, or chase, Where Lennell held the foremost place, Where Leunull triumphed, bled, or fell, With foeumau's sroan for passing knell! The gu.'st- have dotfed their armoured guise, And each to join the banquet hies, Where meat of next and dainties rare Demand their chief and present care, And where the gen'r .us wi e goes round, To maiden's song and music's sound. Oh, who shall tell how pulses spring, And hearts give back responsive ring I How glances meet and blushes play At every last of love and fray I oNGo. "The pall of the morning hung low, The dew had not melted away, A,:d Helen and Hubert rode forth in the glow, And plighted their troth ere the day. " But woe to the bridegroom and bride- Scarce more of the world shall they know I The p:u ty so merry no longer shall ride; The cry of the morning is ' Woe l' " Foe Leolin came round the bend, IIis men in their warlike array. I, vain Hubert struggled, he could not defend ! Ah, ' Weo I' is the cry of the day I" Non NAIsIE. MfETAGRA3fS. 3.-Lo! I've read through Yl'ung Folks paper, And icy fainting farthing taper ,atrnethl re y first and weird, And the ever-melting tallow Tricklitg down it, hot and sallow, Forms its grey and jagged heard, Which I wish were on my chin ; For I'm growing pale and thin With my weary occupation Of perpetual contemplation Of my face, on which I've wasted, Rubbed and scrubbed, and dabbed and pasted, Staff that p'rhaps is known to you, sir, As the famous beard producer. But though I for eight or nine Years have used it, I opine It has failed to produce mine: And when I went to the vendor, And to next said, " Sir, to send a Vile concoction such as this Unto me, as you're aware, Is decidedly remiss, For it's not a bit of use, And has quite failed to produce On iay chin a single hair!" Thus he answered, with a grin, " I've a sort of half.formed notion That the fault ain't with my lotion, But it's owing to your chin!" A. ST. J. ADcoci. 4.-I wandered by the flowing stream, With thoughts of grief and woe, For it but yesterday did seem, Although 'twas firsts ago, When by this gentle streamldt's side I wandered not alone, But with me walked my bonny bride, My second one, my own I And thus, in meditation sad, Time swiftly passed away, Until the setting sunlight had Proclaimed the close of day; And then sweet meditations fled, For, oh, unhappy fate I a Small boy smote me on the head With half a cold potato I Muoounc AND JuGGINs. MONOPHONE. 5.-An incident, too often true, Which ever stirs this mortal frame,. Is mentioned in these thoughtful lines, Which Coleridge put to shame. Once, in a midnight dream, did I Fancy my only gingham fair, When I had been and first the play, I'd lost, and knew not where. I woke. The light stole o'er the next ('Twas from my small, spasmodio lamp), And it was there, my bliss, my joy, My own dear, sacred gamp I Leaning against my armed chair, As quiet as the sultry night, It stood, the darling of my heart, "Amid the lingering light."_ H. C. ParcC, Bouthwark. DECAPITATION. 6.-Oh, Loggsrty Lagg, he was funny I Oh, Loggarty Lagg was a wit! And whether 'twas rainy or sunny, Bold Loggarty cared not a whit. One day, when the rain down was falling, One day--oh,'twas fearfully wet I- srave Larg heard a voice oudly calling, " I'm drowning, and out I can't get!" "Who are you ? Where are you, poor fellow P Who are you ?" thus Loggarty cried. "I'm first. Just look down in the hollow, And pull me out, quick, to your side." "Heave he 1" cried our hero, while pnlling; " Heave he I But you're in pretty fast I I'll warrant your blood's got a cooling." So he lugged him right up by the last. J. MI'CusL., CHARADE, 7.-Unto my first a sailor young, When drowning, long and tightly clung ; His comrades, quickened by the sight, My second did with all their might, And when they brought him safe to land, They saw my whole upon the strand. Now, riddlers, solve this riddle, do I've stayed too long, so. now, adieu. H. Baecez,. Bnrton.on.Trent.
ABITHMOREM. Foundation Words. 8.-Are you not grateful, readers all, For the grand number now you see? To all Young Folks, both great and small A source of pleasure it must be. Cross Words. 1.000 and neey A foe to you is this, you'll find; 1,001 ,, notany Next is of a metallic kind; 2 sgnnh The sun is this this lovely day; 501 ,, et It waits for no one, you will say; 1,550 ,, race A gem for which you must well pay; 500 ,, raseer You of Young Polks oft get a treat; 1,051 ,, ben It means to be both smart and fleet; 2,0O1 , runeen This done, a pyramid might fall; 1,050 ,, bare 'Tis strange that chalk you this could call; 51 ,, bo What liquids do when they are hot; 50 ,, see When I went fishing those I caught; 1,051 , res Those last, dear Ed., are sent to you. Now, riddlers, I must bid adieu. GGaaunos, Tralee. MONOPHONE. 9.-The Queen of Eve, with eye benign, Within the dusky heavens is glowing The liquid stars effulgent shine, The path to queenly Lana showing. Hushed are the notes of each blithe bird That warbled in the leafy wood, That hearts of whisp'ring lovers stirred Within some sylvan solitude. 'Tis now I love, in pensive mood, My way 'mid favourite shades to take, Far from all molestation rude. Where moonbeams dance athwart the lake. The scene is first, though stern and wild, See, far away those misty hills. Among them erst I roamed, a child. The thought with grief my heart instils. Gone are the loved ones of my youth, MIy virtuous dame, and reverend sire, Who taught me first the worth of truth, When led astray by boyish fire. But still there is a charm withal, That ne'er can from this scene decay ; Though early haunts sad scenes recall, May they next well for many a day I J. P. HAnirNUTON. CHTIIADE. 10.-I followed myfirst through the town, For her my affections were strong. When she suddenly turned round with a frown, And sang me the following song ; " Your second B C you must learn, If you know not better than this; For I, primnu third, your smiling face spurn. Yuu'll ne'er get so much as a kiss." On hearing this statement, my soul, As well as my body, grow small. I ran for a strong dose of whole, And wrapped myself round with a shawl. F. C. MonoAN. I r " I may just light me pipe, for the erather's secure ; The barrow can't stale off the pig, I am sure." METAGRAM. 11.-In his lonely chamber, so third and dim, Sat a miser grim, And as a storm in its fury burst, He hugged his first, And gloated whilst counting his hoarded store- Yet, alas I himself would have fourth for more. His tattered garments and features pale Fifth a dreadful tale, And he scarce could second his treasure dear When the night.wind drear With its wintry breath chilled the dismal room, Whilst slowly deepened the twilight's gloom. Then a sixth dark figure, with silent tread, To that chamber sped, And o'er the grey-beaded miser cast His sombre last, And again went forth on his pitiless quest ; But death's victim lay there, with his first on his breast. NzLaE CouLso0, Bow. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 12.-Ever skilful, strong of frame, An enemy of all that's ill; Such is the hero primals name, That flourishes in Young Folks still. Croess Words. Every day I stroll through fields where cooling streams of first Run sparkling by the country side, to slake the trav'ller's ing third, nBy the sun's last rays, whaeIsh sand fth the scene, till everynt little bird Leaves the fields and meadows forits nest sixth in atree; Everything is still and calm o'er mountain, field, and lea. Now I see, through bushes peeping, curious-lookingeyes; Under trees and hedgerows hooting, 'tis a seventh cries. Many are the signs of life on every side I see, Before I eighth my little cot upon the pleasant lea, Evening's closing in, and everything is hid from sight Resembling some great mantle, falls the darkness of the night. Axi BOEnnax, Shorndliffe,
BOTATION CHANGE. 13.-You'll please to write for first a timid beast j A very swift one 'tis, to say the least ; The gentry often have it for a feast. And now, as I have finished number one, You'll please find out this word--'tis nearly done- A word that meaneth bleak or covering none. To make this puzzle out, rm sure you will. The third you ll find, I'm sure, will mean a drill, Or else $ man whose tongue cannot keep still. My fourth a dog does often think a treat; You'll find it in your hands and in your feet, And you will always find it in the meat. I'll ask of you to kindly now take heed, And study this which I hope you will read For last write down a will, or writ, or deed. WKLTUMDIasp.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 14.-I do not like these new asthetio phrases, The "utter," the intense," and" quite too too!" I can't see beauty lurking in these crazes, And can't imagine how some people do. Nor can I tell why asphodel or lily In raptures sends each yearning youth and lass, Or why they murmur words sublimely silly O'er old cracked pots and antique bits of glass. Yet though they with afloral love seem smitten, And scorn the food which earthly mortals take, In secret they indulge, like any Briton, In lowly bread of unoesthetio make, Albeit the mention of a hot potato Would turn them pallid like a sheet of white. They're shams,sthese would-be followers of Plato- But, there, I haven't Patience more to write I BAarsz Da BBsIA POLYPHONE. 15.-The stormy firsts o'er waters rave, But Sweyn's proud ship is on the wave. The serpent bark, with jaws wide spread, And fiery tongue and glittering head, Points where the cliffs of Britain rise, And evening mists obscure the skies. The Viking chief, with eagle glance, Surveys the water's wide expanse, And he has sworn that Britons' blood Shall die fair ' hames's nexting flood. Their blades are red with Danish gore, Of chieftains murdered on their shore, But o'er them hangs the wrath of Thor. O'er Sweyn's high crest his banner swings, A raven gold, with outspread wings, A nd if it soars on pinions wide O'er ltattle's fiercely rolling tide, Dark Norway's sons shall victory win, And Ethelred must rue his sin. But ir it droops on Britain's strand, The Viking's blood must dye the sand. Whore Sol his fading glory flings, The golden raven flaps his wings. Through morn and noon he soared on high, Where chieftains fought and warriors die. The evening sky with fire is bright, That Sweyn's victorious armies light; But useless light, not blood nlor flame Can wipe the blot from Britain's name. ASPEN. DECAPITATION. ~1.-Too late! First, far off in the misty distance That form's retreating, and first seems to pasa The little joy I have from my existence- Alas I In showers, too, the briny tears do rain, And glisten like the dew upon my nose; I've hastened, as my flushed face so plain. Ly shows. But it is useless for me next to wait, for That retreating form I shall not see again To-day. Oh, anguish fills me, for I'm late for My trainI VENTO. It's the pig wid me barrow is runnin' away 1" METAGRAM. 17.-To Hercules increasing fame Brought but malignant hate. Mycenan heard the tyrant claim The chance decree of fate, And when Eurystheus commands, Dare subject disobey ? As well might thief unloose his bands, And fling his gyves away I Where fair Nemma's sacred shrine Adoruas the wooded vale. The hero seized a giant pine. And first it like a rail; The ponderous club he whirled on high, Then next Apollo's bow, And sought, with fierce, undaunted cry, Far-famed Nemrea's foe ! The arrows fly in deadly storm, But, oh, they fail to kill 1 The raoing lion rends his form, Defypng power and skill. But Hercules flung far his bow, And grasped the tawny mane. Sage last him force to crush his foe- Hark, how the horrid sinews go I And see the red blood's gushing flow- Hear those mad screams of pain ! Great Hercules, one labour's wrought- Nemma's lion is dead, And yet that king for whom thou fought To brazen walls has fled I Nox NAIMC. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundaftion Words. 18.-Come, draw your chairs to the table ; We'll all have a cup of tea. The night windhowls round the gable, But cosy and snug are we. Final is singing the chorus It has sung on the hob for years ; So fill upthe primal and pour us Out cups of the drink that eheers, (ross Words. It is anything but pleasant When you sit down on a first ; I remember uncle did it, And I thought with rage he'd burst, The mother of all mankind SAI"- ..... .&-11 'L..:---- t . _ J ..
My third describes a ptinter; And fourth what painters do; The fifth you'll find is neither Round, nor square, nor straight. Now I must go; some other time A new sixth ill relate. SPorTSroxs, Glasgow. DOUBLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 19.-The race now run was "Selby's Vase." And every jockey strove to win. But Pattie Snelling came in first While Composite should have been in. The next great race was "Hunter's Cup," Arranged with care by Mr. Grave. 'Twas won by Thane ia ockey fell- 'Twas vain to try his life to ave. W.D. Picrzwar.
METAGAMo. 90.-I once had the pleasure of knowing, forsooth, A highly.ingenious first of a youth, Whose life's most deserving and praiseworthy aim Was to cover himself with the glory of fame. To this end he did everything that he could- You'll own it was nothing but right that he should I He bothered his second by night and by day To third some expedient manner of way. At last an ingenious and excellent plan Flashed into the brain of this modest young man, And the highly-deserving and praiseworthy elf Set to work writing puzzles belauding himself I Obscurity's fetters did fourth him no more; Fame broke o'er his head like the sea on the shore. New glories awaited wherever he went; He revelled in fame, and existed content. I think that you all will admit this young man Invented a truly ingenious plan. So, up, my dear riddlers I Let's all do the same, And bask in the rays of the consequent fame ! F. W. Bzxssrxn. ROTATION CHANGE. 21.-A country bumpkin very green, whose Christian name was Joe, Decided, after due deliberation, he would go To see our London city, and the seights that make it famous; For he said, " Remaining here but tends to make an igno. ramus." A big expression, I admit, for countryman to utter, Who thinks of naught but pork and beans and munching bread and butter; But, really, I forgot to state, beginning in a hurry, This country bumpkin green of late had swallowed " Lind. lay Murray." And so I beg that not surprised you'll get at learnud sayings, But treat them all as Reynard sly did stupid Neddy's brayings. The train arrives, 'mid all the usual clattering and noise Of engines steaming, whistles screaming, shouting paper boys; That Joe feels quite "at sea," and seks in vain the civil porter, Who never takes a fee, or stronger drink than barley. water. Yes, quitein vain he sought, and so he turns upon his heel, Reflecting meditatively," The journey cost a deal." And mutters. " My Consolidated Stuck is pretty first, And Lunnon for high prices is, I've heard, about the worst. So now to find a domicile and settle for the night." " Be- parding, sir-yer bag, sir. Yus, sir, carry for yer. lRight." " How next you, boy I" Joe quickly cried. " Yet-sRecord thoughts are best- You may; but mind you, vulgar boy, don't at my luggaa e jest. Lead on; I'll follow. No, here stay. I'll fourth, and you wait here. Here's twopence for you, vulgar boy, for sweets or ginger. beer. Now, garcon, s'il vous plait, I wish a table d' hote, and quick." "Beg parding, sir, we don't serve any dinners upon 'tick.'" " What ewean you, fellow P Bring the menu here at once to me. By last of working herd, I've saved a sum sou seldom see. 1'11 show you- What my pocket picked I" in third distrecs, he cried. "Oh, where, too, is my luggage, and that vulgar boy out. side r" Oh, where, indeed I for never more that vulgar boy was seenD, And Joseph never since to famous " Lunnon " town las been. L. IAxs.i rOz . METAGRAM. 22.-Her name is Kate Jemima Ste', Her father is a cutter, And sharp the cuts of love I feel. Though I'm but Flint the butler. He stonily ignores my claim. And savs she first "look higher;" But Clit and Steel have struck a Le, And grate becomes the fire. Love will not in the next b.lad', And naught our hearts shlll s.ver; Affection's edge can't blunt be made, For K.atte's true for ever I An' i've so very often said No damsel could be sweeter, That now I've got the ring instead- A sort of gold rei caterl And when the nuptial knot is tied, Which is than steel much stronger, Her pa i'll tell, with lofty pride, That I'm her beaet no longer I When Steel beoometh Flint instead, Jemima will not falter, And when she's from the altar le(a)d, I know she'll never alter. F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. ACROSTIC ON FINALS. Foundation Word. 23.--Send me back home I Oh, fats (as usual, fell), Release me from this smoky gaol a while, and Let me be happy, like a country swell Sitting majestic on a rustic stile, and Admiring finals I Rich is every dell- Well dubbed the garden of our little island, Let me enjoy my countrymen's rusticity- Let me refresh myself with pure simplicityl Gross Words. The sun has vanished in the darkened west, And now all nature seems to be it rest. Brave is the man to this the smoke and flame, And earn himself a truly honoured name. We are not vulgar, yet it maybe shocking To mention this in speaking of a stocking. Stay, Cupid, stay I Thy bow this one is dreading, And quivers at the (h)arrowing thought of wedding ! PRICE AND PICKseuRI, Southwark. CHARADES. 21.-Like a Spartan he smited, when the cruel sword cut O'er his forehead that bleeding and terrible rut; In his true, hardy manhood, I reT t on his brow, And, oh, like a Briton, he's proud of me nowl Alas in my bounds there are mis'ry and sin, And poverty croaketh o'er much of the din With the peers and the poor ones in mansions and marts, I make up four millions of fluttering hearts. If the sun wouldn't shine, or the corn wouldn't thrive, And we all made our wills and no longer would live, If every one fled, from the cat to the whale, Then I should be here on a very large scale. 25.-Dear riddlers, I hope ynou won't think me a bore, For with you I candid will be. So, to start, my tFrst means to furnish or store, And also the stem of a tree. In second a harbour or gate you will view 'Tis also a wine that's well known. And if they're united correctly by you, A town of old England is shown. H. W. W. LLoYD, Tamwortbh