Onr friend T. L. Hj Iuy to-day taken the lead in the R IDDLE TOU R NAAM EN T r And fora lbis treasures briglng; ' he hour ls ebut xtlim tee. e times tlee-. ar I calo agere 'nedath e window stand, Glad of the invitation, in they walk, 'aThe company enotertaining y "Tis Cristma orig, D7 ' ells i To first tbe v otrlmeb Glad tidis to a it A tale w no , eetfo The yue o gtma c 's s my sieveng t leave, Upýion eacs parkling i thechildren's lies , ToAs hirdeachly heitastoes we relate, The hour is liitetbut Sixtli'we st anu talk. Ssarlet tuni oal eengs 'ninthhe window stand, Gladof theinvittion, in t nghey walk, u en, abd 04ttdrove'i welome to the t n s. bnd.. Tihrimim~nguest, enjoy your meal of rmpnd liebs, TIp comesam elthcos ahugh oes ofy sevenam upborn leave, W:hi'.nextnis sparkling in th ,children's eyes, s dinnerly thoer, roueasures they ceivstms tre. In scarlet tunic, they yi nintha now cimee, And round and roundwithwinnig, trustful circle whirls.en. Fast, er e guest, enjoy yor meal of csingingbs, Nor weulast not be next todheir , I ween. yieess ao ysprays our ilarlour'bght adorn, There's usic inext, rich cotrlaughto afford A magic bomes auty in th happy of steam uporne- A splend idfelo he; upon T. n lvord. Now, dinnerover, round the ChIstmas tree Clusters a gay, nextpo up'of boys and girls; In next of fun, they-joiniu'hand with glue, And round and round the y0sthfnl circle whirls. Faster sandfaster, laughing, stumbling, singing, No last of care uponthir faces sen;work There's mnusic in theiir:lv'ry laughter ringing, A magic beauty in the happy scene. ýDL& iND PUZZLE., SNo. 2.e I eno sliegnitrdis friend, "3Bu t ose;wvho shirk No honest work M' Will find me in~the end. - 2V lypu be ye not disheartened, Thou h fortuin seem to frown; IN,! onwati still, And soon I will Your earnest efforts crown. My first i found..second, Ml trttaeondrt too. No, he who thirds at riddling Will'oon my neaning next; F6r his fifth head, With what I've said Willnot be long perplexed. And now I've nearly finished, So sixth yon' wits, dear friends; To tax your brains .,y last remains, With which this puzzle ends. BINsTEsAD ~3D CROTsDILL, MONOPQONE. No. 3. 'Neath Afric's sun I laid me down, Within theopalm tree's grateful shade ; All thoughts of woe and care had llown, As whisp'ring zephyrs round me played. I gaged hupon theo econd sky And graceful olojSlets, fleecy white; I thought of past aid'by.and.bye,' And of old.: Lu unstaying flight. Enjoying thit saot, blissful rest, I gazed no more on satale ay; My hea;d gnk slowly.onimy be~ t,: . , . A "i asQiiopy tl4ght were far , away. And ilt'tiitrane.-like, joyoum ease,- . . -- . Whichione but those who toil`~u'ilaim, . Far.w4fted oh the ,elatle,breeze, Y1ftis . e, straswj of musso came.., ' a t notes Qs .tuneful lyzes. 'Were those inspirig, gentle .o.nd , Whiclh site P th.i' wai~d rl h$ ' des6m ire, ':,_. d~lth~e qki trgett.ie~r wounds. . .:, I thotagh, sawiItfin my drean . The md Brit-itt o 'd " Her golden Io6 were floatlngb g; . Behind her on th genitindw a i'followin'g within ber,tvb k, ' SiQgnized that beuteous fae I knew those thoughthtl, ;deeplue eye~ I ]knew that sweet and swan-]ike Race, A': . gep','tle.voice, lilemoh eh. , , . ! -I, r G asexat# :,A I
CHARADE. No. 4. , As wa d;Ii slowly on 1y. way,' S nold man to me beckoned. S. d, obith~t's not the worst 1 An.' " hfti'seon s m ... .. ': '" Itfisbdtheold Pfrowtha gou4d, " fyoet willkindly lookaroud, My total you will see. "My total it is very fain And :resh and lovely, too; If you for such sweet things do care, I'll offer it to 'ou." ý .E. Y. Ciwaurs, S ,RrB REBUS. ANoil. I CHARADE. No. 6. As round the Christmas fire we sit, My first is burning bright; And next, dear friend, if you have wit, You see before your sight. In British ships that go to sea NTv whole you surely view, And as yOu'lt hyow nimore from me, I'll bid you all adieu: W. FREIAi,. CENTRAL ADDITION. .No.. 7. Its beauty is pleasing, And figr eoii appeasing To our senses; add p centre, and lo . What means to awaken, . If I'm not mistaken, . Is what the addition will show. . ._ J. G. LAis~aBr q REBUS. --"
,,/ I NRY BROWN. * AOROSTICApL ACR0ETIC. osiid4ton Wort, ng1f9I thlte bells, atrlastd'tisihristmaesmorn! On onh theivalls withholly tO ado~i I! the i' hark! hark! the youthful cry. B elio1 "l 4ar;Chrismtas mounts on high, E ageroit ~seme thatplae to ocoupy. E ach face is wreathed in smiles; each heart seens 'gay, ' or tears< tl1iii great ay", -And now' Coss!ords Wided. ...nd .O* R . ... ... "i4.r e f' ," .stp'i·; :· My second isaananal well known ... E 'ndea' ourjmwhodnngio' wi l Olk. .lg ,', Remein ib red ty 'each o Romantic .ays upon the stge appa, , etthird we lilke when C i a C onfla siliag dgh u , it. d oers .. 2 ..... t rcalzel the oeileeacre ·· 2 _
ACROSTIg AL DOUBLE ACROSTIC.N No, i0. Eh spotfless snow a foze shly to earth in aerried r lakes dcog ibernal is the scenls a el as nights .edrsho 4i , btats before the wasiht ; "h bii Oeeia oi ~ " ow...edizened thing on ear -to -d ed_ , , AIOee il slumber, childrid , for'the lci a ' a o z dour, skates, thaas Ce ;elaka e t glds .ovapp, ethe lads who do not happen first to be i sEaoh ymotdtiierrlse to next ther comrades gayand i5JQh Al4 tiis'ow~ aljigand every other game, emureng, ik homes with blood and cheeks and eyes : a fl a m e . ,' . . Neea lw their'.b o they relish l 'tie a third of perfect I F arbeter to possegs thAn smeiri's fourth or countless wsalth.ý , ; , O h; cry Hurrah for wbnter games! enjoy them while you i't, shgdut, adelide with;eal, then, when, winter goes X,,o'lgretethesn nmer's next with glee, as joyfully you gaze O, n deadnat9' fd and trees, on, vales, on "nuutsins grand tPito the my theil rugged heade,ae if the sun to kiss; N oaica will bind the lakes and'streamsi whore skate gives place to thlisi G learns from the Sun will gild the' ships that carry nexts and souls F rom eliie to olime, aorossthe 'sea which ever roeks and rolls; O n ev'ry green you'll hear the eighths of noisyboys at play: L ambs in the'meads will frisk and next from dawn till close of day. K ind last, please find the cross words out, then each one's head and tail S can with great care; what I sincerely wish you will un. veil. E. BAXTER. CENTRAL DELETION. No. 11. Firstly I mean a quarrel, Which, I'm sure, I deprecate, For it brings on those epgaged in it Full many a broken pate ; Now, please, my central letter from The others take away, And now I am What means to change, For better, sure, you'll say. BuPEaT AND' REGINALD AYNSLEY, Kirkdale. ACROSTIC. NQ.12. . ross i9. , But for, this.sweet goddess No fraitrshoual we possess- .At.bast, 'twas so glcied in old Grecian lore; Sslt,s)ho~ild there no fruit be S:Next year on our fruit tree, I shan't lay the blame at her ladyship's doo,. S_ PPunlX ' ll try you- - Inded, Idefy you To bring from the depths this mysterious name. Of course 'tis an old one; . y cdsre 'tis a bold one, Concealing this ancient diviner of fame. A famed riddle guesser This verse's the possessor- Yes, Sphinx coqld notpiuzzle this Grecian of old, And if you are clever, And earnest esideavour, ,His name will not puztle you'long to unfold. Soir lbve somesarei g, Whilst others she dy.ing., For love. butt I.ano y, with'e ytou'll agree, ºThattbje oe s or ' Farworse,. wW hd ow. To'fatl so'in loveas t di,.Ild he. You've heard of iten flying- ' Atleast, of Loilew * ' The birds tqelipa 'so did this I believe'; But, like all such matters, The glorious sun scatters To nothingness all such attenipts to deceive. .Goadn.ature's delightful, 'Tis fools .ho are spiteful. Socrates must have fancied the same times enough, When bound to this oreature, Wbhse life was the feature Of peevish ill.temper and obstinate stuff. Foundation Word. SNow, primals will mention A bird, the invention (At least so 'I faney) ofsomebody' 'i' For I reay lieve 'Tis a tale to deceive, So now Iwill leave you'tlihe $de to gar . ' , ,. ,.-Daltoni.uirness. _~ , . ' .,