RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSITIONS.
rasse the letters In a word to torm another word. _While I view the softened splendour Of the mystic lights on high, Lol I see a star outshining All the gems that round her lie. 'Tis the sacred star of evening Piercing through the mists of night, O'er the first's dull garment shedding Lustrous rays of holy light. May the priceless star of Virtue Like this heavenly jewel shine, Lighting up the next's recesses With a radiance divine. CLARA BoEExt. 2.-My primal is a little word Which you have often seen; Its meaning's bad, I own; but then That's not my fault, I ween. Transpose, it's meaning is the same, But much worse than before; Transpose again, and you will see What we all do, I'm sure. To find my fourth, transpose again, And then I will confess If you do right, you'll bring to view A part of female dress. Transpose again, once more for lost, And you will bring to view A name, which I've been often told Belongs unto the Jew. CA IA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the anal letter of a word. leaving another word.) -,-"Q neen of the rosebud garden of girls 1" Up the heights of Olympus spieling, Each of thy rhymes is a string of pearls- E ach of thy songs is a song of merles, N ever an untrue first revealing. M arry, and may thy lines, fair queen, A 1 be scattered in pleasant places; R tund thy throne be there ever seen I n courtly band the genial faces 0 f courtiers true who are loyal, and show it, N ext forgetting thy own CovRT POET. MONOPHONE. (Worse of different meaning, but the same in soundJ I-One evening citywards my steps I bent, My heart on philanthropic work intent, And soon I saw, upon the crowded way A fitting object for my charity. A red-faced man, whose laggard-moving feet Beemed never to have been nor swift nor fleet, Was moving slowly through the crowded street. In front of him his guide, a faithful dog (With tongue protruding) cheerfully did jog; Swell-grown beechen first within his hand, Larger than ever was at my command. "Saetate," I cried, " to be for ever dark 1" In sympathy the dog did gently bark, But the blind man cried, " Moses I what a lark I Your sixpence place again withini your purse, And make your last, or for you 'twill be worse. Im no benighted wretch, my worthy fren'- Imerely train the dogs for blinded men !" PAitRaK S., Belfast. META-OMEGRAMS. bPe the firt and last letters of a word to form another word.) -Twas summer time, and poor old Jabez Blogg Was greatly vexed about his little dog; Not that it did in any way incline To seize and hold the human form divine, Or kill the neighbours' first, or madly race Across the garden plots, the cats to chase, Or soil the carpets with his muddy feet, For Fido was a " canine " most discreet; No acts like these our kind old friend had puzzled- It was the order that dogs must be muzzled. This cruel law put Jabez in a fix (For his nice doggie was so free from tricks); Thinks he, " I will evade this if I can," And long he pondered o'er to find a plan. He read the regulation through once more, And then he roared a most triumphant roar. Next morning Jabez Blogg strolled last the street, Hi little Fido proving quite a treat; h giving details did that order fail, 8eJabes tied the muzzle to its tail! S. FRA-KLa N rAN G. H. PERRT. 6-The Mayflow'r's gone and beat us again, Our Galsatea(r) will shed; Sorrow %e first that old Britain's Hen(n) Must now hang low its head. Wears not" Cocks" of the walk just yet, The Yaukee folks have won ; The yacht race is o'er, and you can bet That we've nert overdone. C. DREsNON, London. CENTRAL OCHANGE. ICaRge the central letter of a word to form another word.) 7.-A sailor's life is bold and free; I think you have heard that before. The sea, the sea, the open sea- I'm sure you have heard that before. Oh, on what subject shall I sing P It's of no use to write on Spring, Or little swallows on the wing, Foer they have all been done before. I'l write about the running brook; No, I think that's been done before. Or of lovers in shady nook-- I'm quite sure that's been done before. rll paint a landscape with my pen, First from the busy haunts of men, And sing of flowers and trees but then, You see-it's all been done before. No matter on what theme you write, It's sure to have been done before; Nex should you try to prove black white, - Why, somebody's done it before; And so the world goes round, my friend, Continually until the end; But now I'll just my name append- I think you have heard it before. F. Az.fIaBOx, Winchester. Iord Whi b LOGOGRIPH. - athlh ma be treated as ametaram. de-apltta- n dole- Soe-rauaa espsitlon." but leaves a p weot wrd iaftr each Behead, and you will find a sound SBehead and you will see ari ta hpreposition here An' qickl for my fourth appear naw yo mahe me te complete, Th-n traletter, please, delete, T oppose in trees Im oft desoried-- ,, In_ yioon have doubtless tried Ose, I've last this con, to thee, . rEd, to place it m the "T. S . SpocrS, Lambeth,
DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, uas well as the initials. form a word, or words.) ( Foundation Words. 9.-When we neared the port of Boston, We were very nearly lost on, And decidedly were tossed on Rocks that lay close to the land. As I rested on my pillow, Pitched about by every billow, Feeling very first and ill, oh, How I wished that I could stand I Most'uncomfortable quarters, Very rough indeed the waters Were, and then my seven daughters All began to weep and and wail, Till 1 really had a notion Of imbibing a strong potion Or of jumping in the ocean, When we heard a pilot hail. At the sound I felt delighted, For the ship that moment righted, And soon after that we sighted Boston Harbour-what a treat I But I'll ne'er forget the rocking, And the shouting, and the knocking, And the finals-oh, 'twas shocking- It was misery complete. Cross Words. Old England isfirst of the sea, And it rouses the next of the nations, For this reckon William D. P. They follow 'most all occupations. For fifth you may write me a dance. Connected with aerostatics. My seventh's a province in France. A pain equal to the rheumatics. I won't tell my fnal, or I Shall give you the key to the answer ; I'll leave you to find it-so try And make out the same if you can, sir. W. D. Picxani, Southwark. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foundation Word. 10.-When the shades of even fall, And when all are gone to sleep; When the night has thrown a pall O'er the earth, and o'er the deep, Flashes forth its radiance bright O'er the dark and silent sea, And its welcome warning light Sets from threatened danger free. Cross Words. Seen roaming through the jungle, dismal, drear, Where deadly serpents their heads, hissing, rear. No sight to hungry travellers eyes so fair ; For man and horse you'll find refreshment there. Gliding the smooth Italian lake along, While on the ears is wasted sweetest song. Circling through the air with foul intent, On swift pursuit and dire destruction bent. Where warriors meet, and form in stern array, To lose the battle, or to gain the day. It guides the vessel o'er the trackless main, And helps to bring it safe to land again. Brought from its native land below the sea, By many it is thought a luxury. The place where arts and sciences are taught: Where wise and great men are together brought. A much prized metal, this of greatest worth; By workmen brought from underneath the earth. Towering above them, with gigantic size, It seems the things around it to despise. Ivesoxr, Belfast. Foundation Word. 11.--Charming portion of this paper, L ong may it exist 1 A 11 our kind friends gather round, R hyme and reason there abound, A nd we gladly list 1 Cross Words. You'll find him in " Olympic" strife; Our second's in the "Tourney's list; This writer has gained great renown; This lady would be sadly missed; A riddle which is rarely used; Our sixth is but a new-fledged knight, Who in seventh appeared to view; Now try to solve this puzzle right. SOLLY AND COLLT. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 12.-" Och, we've come to sing yez a foine ould song, bould boys and colleens dear- As foine a song, bedad, as iver it was your luck to hear." "On, aye, we'll gie ye a canty sang, guid lads and lassies fair, An' Sol shall sing it to ye, for my throat is unco' sair." "Faix, no, ye spalpeen I Sing all be mesil P No, niver a stave; I'll give 'em me first of a duet, though, so up wid yez, Misther Dave." " Aweel, sin' ye are sae next to me, ye ungenerate chiel, Mebbe I'd better comply, though, fegsl I'd rather gie them a reell" THE SnoaG (BEooRRaa ). " The sun has gane doon o'er "-" the Lakes o' Killarney, And Patsy O'Flynn is"-" adorning the scene ; The wind i' the fir trees is"-" makin' a blarney," "An' Jeanie is lilting "-" the purty colleen." 'The green birken tree wi' its "-" sprig o' shillelagh," "Where Robin sae sturdy whose"-" coat is half mast," " The herd-loon sae blithesome, wha cries "-" who's his tailor P" " The bricht stars that wink "-" when Gilhooly goes past." "See here, frien' Sol, ye're no han' at the singing; Ye mak' muckle din, and yere voice ye might save.'" " Sure, me voice, Mr. Sims Reeves, is splendid an' ring. ing. An' divil a more will I sing wid yez, Dave !" D. Gow An S. FaRKL.Tg. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a wordJ 13.-There never was a deed of sin, There never was a battle's din, Nor simpering dude's sixpenny pin That had not first. In vanity next leads the way, It runs through London's streets by day, 'Tis ever foremost in the fray Of war accursed. There never was a maiden's shoe That peeped from 'neath her dress of blues, Or gardener with work to do, That hadn't flnal. A lovely tale by Walter Scott, Or a pretty riddler, I wot; When you, friend, have the answer got, S Will show total. CZIusrr.LLA P. CHIELM,
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word, aex pressed in the narrative.) 2 14.-I've been wrapped in melancholy Ever since I had the folly To fall in love with one I never saw ; And my soul's in tribulation As I sigh in desperation, And hope from hopelessness some hope to draw. Now, although I never met her, Nor from her received a letter, Her portrait's deeply graven on my mind, And by it I'm hourly haunted, And eternally am taunted For dreaming of a maiden so refined. Could I but her home discover, All my woes would soon be over, For near that house I'd linger day and night, And from her I'd never sever, But contented be for ever To worship from afar this vision bright. And should fortune, so capricious, Prove sulliciently propitious To make.me known and loved by her, why then She would be my dearest treasure, And existence quite a pleasure, And I, myself, the happiest of men. With affection so Platonic, And a nature quite Byronic, I'm sure none other could delight me so; But of her no information Can I gain through all the nation, Excepting that her name is-don't you know P PHILO, Dundee. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.1 15.-In my chamber I was sitting, with the shadows round me flitting. Which the slowly fading fire shed upon the little room. My ideas widely wandered, and on many things I pon. dered, Till I hit upon a subject which enveloped me in gloom. ýTwas the old and saddening story, of the bards vain firsts of glory; On my soul the recollection like a cloud of darkness came. Oh, my cons. had been rejected, and I felt myself neglected, Yet the Editor assured me I had but myself to blame. But one little thing consoled me; I remembered how he told me My attempts had some slight merit, and I ought to try again. Then I shouted "Now or never I will make this fresh endeavour- With a little extra trouble, it may not be made in vain." Straightway I procured a taper, and a quantity of paper, Saying, "Though whole nexts are wasted, one good riddle I must write." Pen and paper scratched and rattled, as with rhyme and verse I battled, And the verses now before you sre the outcome of the fight. B, GLASGOW. 16.-My hand has not forgot its cunning, E'en though a stranger for so long; And I am very far from shunning To measure second with the strong. The "Tournament," I own, is teeming With many a new and rising name, Whose owners doubtlessly are dreaming To reach a pinnacle of fame. But let no abler hands despise me Because I may be dull and crude; Contemptuous word ne'er terrifies me- My aim is fully understood. I know the whole of quite a number, Whose eyes have seen my name before, Will greet me welcome from a slumber Which seemed to mark my puzzling o'er. And therefore fear I not to enter So glad a "Tournament" again; My muse-and I must needs content her- Demands that I should sing a strain, And on these gay and festive pages, Wherein good merit proudly rears, I trust to win a puzzler's wages- The friendliness of all my peers. A. H. ScaLas, 17.-Now, really, Jack, you are an oaf I Why did you buy that horrid loaf P It is quite first. I am, sir, really very vexed; I cannot half believe your next, You naughty boy I So your mistake must make you fast, For you'll not get a drop of last, Nor any bread. ISHnMAEL. 18.-My first will show a town in France; But if you'll it behead, What sleeping people do you'll see Undoubtedly instead. O. LEIDHOLD. DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another wordJ 19.-Now, riddlers all, who hear my cry, Lay down your pens and listen, And when you've heard, I'm first a tear, In every eye will glisten. a The other night I strolled along My way towards the city; My heart was light, for very soon I hoped to meet my Kitty. I reached the little garden gate, And hid among the flowers; I listened to the church clock's chimes, Which slowly told the hours. But soon a footstep came-'twas she; Like her there is no other; And softly creeping up behind, I slily kissed-her mother. a Ah, yes, it was her mother's form, And I had bcen mistaken; I cannot tell you how I felt- My nerves next badly shaken. But now, as long as I may live, I'll never.court another; For four pounds, ten, I had to pay For kissing Kitty's mother. E. TRAFFORDo, Cuerden Green. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, esach letter of which is treated separately.) 20.-My first is in kitten, but not in eat; My second's in mice, but not in rat; My third is in tight, but not in loose; My fourth is in turkey, but not in goose; My ifith is in England, but not in Japan; My sizxt is in Nelly, but not in Sam. My whole, if put together aright, Will bring an animal then to sight. A. J. WanBB, Camberwell. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 21,-A vehicle please view in me, Drawn by a horse, I ween; Beverse, and though it may seem queer, .till am I to be seen. GomAHawx.
METAGEAMS. (Change the Afrt letter of a word to form another word. 22.-The Autumn leaves are trodden in the ground. Where they were shaken by that hand unseen, That first each season in its order round- The gentle Spring in robes of shining green, The golden Summer, Autumn, and Winter keen; And now the landscape, in a dubious haze, Looms through the damp, grey mists that intervene; So, long unchanged, this same grim season stays, And gloomy nights are blent with dark and gloomy days. Cold is the sky, and bare each withered tree That next its blackened boughs before the blast ; The restless stream, complaining sullenly With never-ceasing murmurs, hurries past; Across the sky float heavy clouds, and vast, That load the wind with cutting, sleety rain; The nights are long and starless, and they cast Their shadow o'er the days that die again Almost as soon as noonday glimmers o'er the plain. A. ST. J. Ancoca. 23.-Oh, let me sit and first a bit O'er those familiar names, Whioh, week by week, I used to seek Upon this page; oh, boyish age, When I'd engage, and warfare wage With doughty knights and dames I List to my gall. Where are you all Hide not yourselves from me. I yell and moan, and shriek and groan, O er days that have too quickly flown; And rear my hair, and second where The dickens you can be I Ah I some are here, and still appear As in the days of yore; They haven't stirred. And some are third In frigid north, or torrid climes. Concocting rhymes, and such-like crimes, On many a foreign shore I I'll take my pen and strive again- My soul's in aims to-night. Ah, when I think on each dear link Which binds us fast unto the past My heart grows last-enough, avast I Oh, come and have a fight I F. G. TAYLOR, Birkenhead. 24.-'Twas getting dusk, when grandma called ~irst our dear little Fred ; " Come, dearie, put away your toys, 'Tis time to go to bed." But Fred then spoke. " I isn't tired, And second not think it right For little ones like me to third, when Some folks stay up all mght." Then grandma said, in loving tones, " The little chicks all go To bed at sunset every night, All through the summer, you know." Fred then laughed, and turned to her His eyes of boyish blue; " Oh, yes, I know," he said, "but the Old hen goes roith them, too." C. P. BASELET, London, NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word.in the narrative.) 25.-Dear riddlers, a few cons. I am about to ask, To find the answers I think will be no hard task. What is most like a half of- What. you know that con. P Very well, then, I will ask you another one. Why does a hen cross the- Well, you might wait a bit Until I've finished writing, and then answer it; But I see you are all too good for one like me, So I think I will leave you and go and have tea. But stay, just one more, 'twas told me by my brother, It runs like this, Who was Julius Cwsar's mother P No, you can't answer that I For you it's a " sneezer;" But the answer is-old Mrs. Julius Casar. WILD NOTE. CONUNDRUM. 26.-If a young lady's engaged To her chosen young man, They confide to each other Every wish, thought, or plan. Now, will you please tell me Why the young man should not Confide to his sweetheart Any secrets he's got. CA IRA AND L'OLYMPE. DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word) 27.-The past tense of " hear" My first brings to mind; Delete, and a part Of yourself you will find; Once more please delete, A verb's brought to view, Containing three letters; And now, friends, adieu. H. F. FARMs. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 28.-My first is on the grass at morn- Bright it looks in the summer's dawn; Reverse-it is only of letters three- Make two into one then right you'll be. ADA. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 29.-First is in the moon; Second is on your leg; Third is an Irish poet- His name I of you beg ; - Fourth is a space of time That no definite period does moean; And fifth is altogether In the space of " what has been." D. WHITELAW,