RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CURTAILMENT.
(DroP the nea letter of a word. iIemavg anolner wuru.s 1,-A good pen in a trusty hand, With ink black, red, or blue; The " Tourney" knights all understand What fellow knights can do. And is the work so very hard ? And shall our " Tourney " die P Not while last clever Young Folks bard Can pen or pencil ply. And shall first sneer our" Tourney " down- Its name dare to decry ? Then all our loyal, puzzling knights Will know the reason why. Out speaks Fred Coulson, brave and bold- A gallant knight is he- "Though Binptead's left us 'in the cold,' We've numbers left, you see. We form a strong, true-hearted band, Our numbers multiply; And while we work with heart and hand Our ' Tourney' cannot die 1" No one shall run our " Tourney" down- It's name dare to decry; For all our loyal puzzling knights Would want the reason why. And when we come to be old men, And can no longer do, We'll cry to our successors then, " We were once young as you. Be faithful to your puzzles old, And work away-don't sigh; And keep the ' Tourney' as it was, Or know the reason why." Don't let folks run the " Tourney" down- It's name dare to decry; Or we, the ancient puzzling knights, Will know the reason why. W. D. PICKEa&NG, Southwark. OMEGRAM. FTholast letter of a word is changed, to form another word J 2.-There was once a classic bard, who wrote A line which I wish to repeat (I believe 'tis a classic bard I quote, If not, 'tie some one of lesser note)- And I think the maxim is neat. He smiled, I think, And tipped a wink, And tuned his lay A little this way: "There are few folks in this world of ours Who'll speak well of ye, I trow; So, if you wish to make known your powers, On your own first trumpet blow I" Now, is this advice in the main quite right ? Asks a poor little masculine Sphinxite. Sincerely humble, bow I low-- Bow I low to the " Tourney" queen, Who, stately regal, proudly stands, Eyeing the subjects she commands- All lank-haired poets, long and lean, Whose classic brows The Muse endows With inspired grace To suit each face. Miss Jennie A. at her side doth sit, In a rapture all her own, And these ladies think " Won't each poet's wit Be killed by a single frown From us, if we do it with all our might I" "Please refrain I" cries this masculine Sphinxite. r've no wish to be pulverized By any fair lady's glower; So, sweet ones, please don't be surprised If I pray that your brows be exercised cn some more suitable flower l I hope, indeed, Some other weed Will itself commend For this noble end l But though you lest we knights " Keep clear" Of your proudly conquering stride, I doff my hat, and I lose my fear, And enlist by my sov'reign's side ! And I offer sincerely the puny might Of an ambitions masculine Sphinxite ! J. D. DuNNNG, London. ARITHMOREMS. oncrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figares.) Foundation Words. 3.-My whole is a puzzler in the Y. F. P.; The answer is simple, as you will soon see. Cross Words. 30 ad frea A boy's Christian name will in first be seen. n ons My second a naval hero has been. ] garaune And this is a pain, you ought to know. l tana. My language is sweet, and the accent low. I, eara A precious stone-its colour is green. 1 snushen This on a balmy day is seen. ,1 no For the next word a number please W1 raise. Sgone This name is well known in Shake. " spearian plays. l ,bortue Now you will find a sorrowful thing. ~, hoye This nice little word does happiness 5l sourog And now take a word meaning noble h1 r hr, r and grand. This was a king, you must next under- 1,1 stand. 000 re A tree oft seen, with but letters three. " sure A season comes here--hail it with 550 ,non glee. A city well known to all, without , haer doubt. Shetanep Turn now to your trunk, and bring 19 this word out. ' woey d~y last will go better with bonnet than pout. C. F. BLAcswunN. -Whilst P. Foundation Word. In bst uck would place a girdle 'bout the earth An hu ten fleeting moments, we are told; as ble mortal, though of sterling worth, rms far surpassed that plan, so vaguely bold. hrm torrid zone, to arctic regions cold, ae o und the earth we conversations hold. To f science I doubly blest art thou; An t all mighty kings and nations bow, And the esteem which we accord thee now Can ne'er grow old I ,lland rote Csross Words. Sseab Our guide, our friend as well. lII,, i enah A "Tourney" knight. sar A youth who hflew, and fell, 6 gross8 As well he might. t ,otssen When you find this piece of money It will not for longremain. S neraptun Havingnowperformed my function, I,, without the least compunction, Leave you as a last injunction- Well, you'll see. R. H. B.
ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 5.-He hails from bonny Scotland, This knight of " Tourney." fame ; Glance o'er our Young Folks pages, You're sure to see his name. Cross Words. A heathen temple first put down; For next an English county town; A celebrated poem thwd; And ourth's sweet song I've often heard; A noted city in the west, Of quaint old Indian lore possessed. CLda& BOEHRMER. Foundation Word. 6.-With little bits of laces And pretty smiling faces, They are ever ready to break the supple heart; In gaudy coloured dresses They take the swain's caresses, And then for some more favoured suitor they depart. Gross Words. Oh, first is she but fair to see; I know it well, for she "mashed " me. " Next of my heart, will you be my bride ?" "Yes, dear," the blushing fair one replied. Third saw them walking by the river.side, When she was trying her red cheeks to hide. A duel to death-a fight for life ; For you have fourth me of my wife. Fifth back your words and go away, do: I don't want to be pestered by you. "' You are unworthy of her hand," he said. As from the house the chagrined last he led. W. A. LANosrox. DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 7.--111 write about the tree's resplendent beauty; No I won't. I'll write and tell last boy and girl their duty; No I won't. I'll write about a lass, Just the time away to pass While I'm sitting on the grass; No I won't. I'll write about some sweetly-scented flower ; No I won't. I'll write about a pleasant shady bower; No I won't. I'll write of bird's sweet singing, Or of distant church bells ringing, Or of cabbages up-springing; No I won't. I'll write a lot of riddles now myself; No I won't. I'll write about a priggish little elf; No I won't. I'll write of children's clatter, Or of little feet that patter, Or of some old worian's chatter; No I won't. I'll write about the Young Folks brilliant pages; No I won't. I'll write how oft our Ed. in first a rage is ; No I won't. I'll write of charming Pollys, Or of pretty blue-eyed Mollys, Or dream I'm eating " lolly's" ; No I won't. J. G. NIcaoLLs, Milton. 8.-" Let's make mud-pies, shall we, Rosa P'" First a little girl of ten; And as no one did oppose her, Swift they're working there and then Pretty pies they soon were making, Round and fiat, so smooth and neat, With an oven for the baking, Built of stones-all quite complete. But alas I for Rosa's pleasure, Mamma next her from the door, Scolded her with ample measure, Said " This night you'll play no more." With her child-heart filled with care, Off to bed did Rosa creep; Softly breathed her evening prayer, And gently sobbed herself to sleep. W. KonLran, Camberwell. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 9.-I stand here and survey the peaceful scene; How changed it is from what it was of yore I Through troublous times this now quiet spot has been- It's soil has oft been stained with haman gore When bloody war was rampant o'er the land. The arts of peace have conquered those of war In this still place where I alone do stand- Here where was only heard the cannon's roar. All, all is silent but calm nature's voice; The birds are trilling with sweet melody, As though they do with their whole hearts rejoice That strife has gone and left prosperity. A small white first in yonder fields I see, Memorial of those who've passed away; Reminder, too, of death and misery, The penalty that war's poor victims pay. 'Tis right that we our country shohld defend If 'tis invaded by a foreign foe; Yet war in any shape dothb ever send Throughout the land a flood of care and woe. In every second some.one's darling dies, No matter if the cause be just or bad; But if a.life it's country's freedom buys, Then death is martyrdom, and is less sad. These meditations through my mind do flow, With joy sincere that peace is here restored; How pleasant it would be to only know That here " the pen is mightier than the sword" I S. B. LAwRENCE. MONOPHONES. (Words of different meauinr, but the same in sound.) 10.-Jack and Jill did first a hill, At least, you can believe it, When Jack fell down-you know the rest- At least, you can conceive it. Now take a lesson from his fall, Avoid all hills like fate, sir, And rather seek another next, If you respect your pate, sir. B. D. M1., Glasgew. PALINDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same.) 11.-An action's a thing that is done, bear in mind: My four little letters I want you to find ; The first and the last are exactly the samne, While those in the middle relation can claim. Whenever my first three letters you view, An English river 'twill name unto you; In fourth, third, and second the same will appear; Now, riddlers witty, the answer is here. Tars SYNTAx TwIs. DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the two last letters of ea word. leaving another word.) 12.-A famous empire of the East You allmay in my crescent printal see; But twice curtail, a native then Of irst, " The unspeakable last," will be. Aaoeras's.
METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another wordJ 13.-This wide world of ours is just like an old pipe- Of pleasure that's in it, tobacco's the type, And youth is the match that sets fire to the weed, And Time is the fellow who smokes with all speed. The smoke-rings are all petty quarrels and tiffs, And the drama of life is all o'er in five whiffs. Just watch Master Tom on the gate, if you please, Eudeav'ring in vain to appear quite at ease; Rejoicing, whilst puffing with might and with main, Because he is able to smoke a short cane. He'll be sick, I am certain, before he has done; I'm sure I don't envy him whiff number one. Now look at the masher with eyeglass and stick- See the gingerly fashion his way he does pick Through the crowd in the street. He's a " chappie," well met, For he's languidly smoking "the light cigarette;" And he puffs in your face, and says, " Haw, how de do P" What very.bad manners with whiff number two I Now, please turn your glance on this middle-aged swell, Who fancies he's young as he ogles each belle; He is known as a tedions first near and far, Though he seems quite at ease as he puffs his cigar. I am sure that with him you would never agree : That, friends, is the hero of whiff number three. " The last scene of all :" here's a man bent with years, Whose forehead is furrowed with troubles and fears; He smokes a long pipe (one nezt black I ne'er saw) ; As a boy he smoked cane-now he's smoking a " straw." That's whiff number four. Not much longer he'll thrive- When he parts with his breath 'twill be whiff number five. Do not think I am fond of the pipe or cigar, For I'm not, though I know there ate many that are There are men who will smoke (and there's lots of ihis type) Till the famed pipe of peace is but pieces of pipe. They smoke while they live, and sometimes it is said (By those who don't smoke) they will smoke when they're dead. P.S.-Mr. Ed., I have no wish to fight, But I see that non-smokers and smokers unite To wage common battle 'gainst me-a poor dunce, They say I must prove all my statements at once. Well-ahem I (all your speakers commence with a cough) I will back my assertions by tailing them off. Perhaps this world's better than what I've made out, And pleasure is sweeter than " bacca," no doubt; And 'tis likely enough those who smoke are not quite As bad as folks make them whenever they write. Dear friends, all I've written was but for a joke, So let the vexed questions all vanish in smote. G. A. JONEas, Liverpool. 14.-Oh, thou child of my'fancy, offspring of my br in, Say, shall I, oh, shall I e'er see thee again P Shall I first on those characters traced here with care, Reproduced in Elzevir or )Baskerville fair. But, I say, come to think, now, that theme is too old, And I fear to pursue it, lest I should be told That I only am writing what oft has been done; Then what am I to write, " nothing's new 'neath the sun P" By-the-bye, now, the scientists say he is blue, That his light is the same, and the colour or hue, That to us it does seem, it is due, lot me see, It is due to the air which absorbs all the b- All the b- All the b- Now, confound it, the thing Has gone out of my head, like a bird, it's last wing; " It's last wing." That won't do; see, our Editor's face Is perceptibly showing a sort of grimace, And his classical brow now has taken a frown, And his mouth at the corner's gone suddenly down, And he brushes a fly from the lid of his eye, And he heaves a deep sigh, and he mutters " Oh, my, Was an editor ever so tortured as I ?" TINY. 15.-My first is a kind of paper Which merchants rise, I know; But change my head, and something A king does wear you'll show. R. CANDLIN. 16.-I'm square and I'm oblong, I'm wide, and I'm flat; I am often the place where you'll put your new hat; Now change me my head, and an animal see- One that's hated by farmers you'll find I will be. G. BcuANAN, Liverpool. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the fres letter of a word, leaving another word.) 17.-Listen, knights and ladies fair, If a minute you can spare; I will not detain you long With my simple little song. Leaving city smoke awhile, I in summer go to Kyle; And with gladness first by Doon, While the songsters join in tune. City life may pleasant be, Bat the happiest time to me Is when rambling o'er the fields I behold what Nature yields. When the evening shadows fall, And the birds are flying all To their nests, I cease to roam, And soon reach my country home. " Bring a next of eatables- Spread them over all the tables; Am I hungry P Yes, I am, Or my name's no longer Tam." Then how sweet, when supper's done,. To behold the setting sun, As its last last bids good night, And departs awhile from sight I Like the sun, I now must leave you, But I'm sure that will not grieve you ; Off in such a dreadful hurry Is Tom HowIE, Edinburgh. 18.-Cold is the warrior's rugged brow, And still is his once-heaving breast; No battle-cry salutes him now, His sword for ever is at rest.. The form that once was first in fight Now lifeless lies, and cold as stone; The arm that battled for the right, By grim King Death is overthrown. No more his presence will inspire The followers who around him throng; No more will he with vengeance dire The tide of battle roll along. His days on earth are past and gone; His hfe is over nest below; His work and warfare all are done; And he hasgone first all must go. Ivanslre, Belfast. 19.-I've been thinking, I've been thinking, of the day when first we met, And the memory of thatfivrt I never can forget; But, now I I'm far away, love, far across the deep blue sea, Still, I'm thinking, fondly thinking, ever thinking, love, of thee. I've been dreaming, I've been dreaming, and, behold, the dream comes true, " For I'm coming, yes, am coming, coming home, my love, to you; Coming to last little cottage, where the surges swell and roar, Coming home to greet thee, sweetheart, never, then, to leave thee more. J, CLAIRtIB, Lincoln,.
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 20.-'Twas wint'ry night, no star gave light, The Lady Moon was hooded, And tempest clouds in gloomy shrouds O'er nature darkly brooded. A young wife roved with him she loved, Her eyes were dim with sorrow; She wept, for he she knew would be My first upon the morrow. And as the chimes from distant towers Pealed for their hourly warning, "Oh, stay," she cried, "ye swift-winged hours; Y'e're brighter far than morning. 'Twas night again, but now her reign My next o'er earth was keeping; And silently on land and sea The silver moonbeams sleeping. To her warm breast that young wife pressed My whole, and left her pillow; And, homeward bound, her eye soon found A white sail on the billow. But now, though moonbeams brightly shone, And stars were heaven adorning, She cried, "Ye gloomy hours, fly on, And bring the rosy morning." E. JouwsoN. 21.-Ho. there, ye "Tourney" lords and ladies, How do you do? How do you do? I'd kiss you all if you were babies, But as it is that would not do- I might get thumped all black and blue. Perhaps the reason you'll inquire Why I'm so happy and so gay; Why, don't you know P My blood's on fire- To-morrow morn, hip, hip, hurrah ! Will be my twenty-first birthday. Oh, yes I oh, yes i it's quite correct, In the morn I come of second; Pray may my hopes be far from wreckeld, When scores of years I shall have ri ckoned, And Death's grim finger shall have beckoned. And may I then review with pride A bold career of which I bear The products on my life's full tide. But, ho I avast! all heavy care- No sombre thoughts on birthdays rare. Hark I now the gong sounds for my first, The last which I shall 'tend at sea; For when the morning dawns, I trust, Oh, mother, dear, to be with thee, Oh, mother, dear, to be with thee. This to Yriag Folks my whole shall be, My wlewle to all who hear my song : Improve the present. Time will flee. Then be you noble, be you strong, And you're prepared for twenty one. MIAx, 22.-Now, riddling friends, my best I'll try To make a little rhyme: A certain vessel is my first, Oft used at dinner-time; My next is part of you and meo A number last am I. IVhole's what our Ed. ne'er does to us, If we our best will try. ANNss SarITU GsESLsr. 21.-My first a girl's name surely is; My second's often seen; My whole's a pretty town in Kent- You'll find it out, I ween. A. A. DYKES, Southampton, 24.-My first in winter may be seen; My second's everywhere, I ween; My whole, as you will quickly see, A land where first will mostly be. E. LEIDnIOLD. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a metagrSam, decapitnaton, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operatios.) 25.-A river for my first indite- You soon will guess this word aright; Behead, and then a cave you'll spy, To find this out you'll doubtless try. A name is shown if 'tis turned round- You all will own this when "tis found; Restore to first, transpose, I'm sure That " want" you will quite soon procure. And now you'll change me once again: Behead, reverse, there will remain Another river; and to you 1 think I will now bid adieu. J. STocts, Lambeth. 26.-I'm often by the grocer made, and various things comprise; Curtail, transpose, I may be seen where death makes tearful eyes; Transpose again, and you'll believe delighted boys oft cut me; Curtail me twice, and now behold, upon their heads they put me. T. NixoN, Dudley Colliery. CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another,) 27.-Delete a letter from a kind of grain, And tell me, reader, what will then remain. Delete a vowel from a kind of grain, And do not smile at what will then remain. Delete a letter from a lofty hill, And then a kind of stair will be there still. Delete a vowel from a kind of st :ir, And, lo I an active verb will the:: be there. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London, VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treats I sep- ra:ely.) 28.-I'm found in man, but not in boy; I'm found in tart, but not in pie; I'm found in pork, but not in veal; I'm found in ring, but not in seal; I'm found in you, but not in me; I'm found in sting, but not in bee. HIETrIE, Chester. 16