RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-The morning smiled, and o'er the lea A maiden moved in white array. The shadows on the distant sea Fell softly in the morning ray; Yet not the lark that heav'nward flies, Nor first that lifts the morning haze, Might even tempt her constant eyes To wander from the shamrock's maze. With partedlips and next.ing cheek, The maiden stoops with eager hand, For she has found, no more to seek, A four-leaved shamrock on the strand. And in the deep, unbroken hush That fills the primrose-haunted dell, She seeks, with love's unconscious blush, To try the charm, to test the spell. " Oh, ye who, when the star of eve Mo 'es palely through the vaulted sky. The verdant thirds of Erin leave To wander where the moonbeams lie. By mine enchanted shamrock's pow'r. Protect the knight upon whose crest, In the Crusader's direst hour, A snow.white scarf is ever press'd." When waged in Palestine the war, And Jaffa's field was fought and won, Fierce Saladin beheld afar The ruined walls of Askalon. But ever on the snow.bound helm The sword of Paynim shattered fell ; And back to Erin's verdant realm The warrior came, unharmed and well. AP era. TRANSPOSITION. 2.-An air of sweet repose unbroken reigns O'er these now undisturbed domains, Where primal flute, and violin, And banjo mingled their appalling strains In wild, discordant din. The fears th'it filled our wretched and oppressed Grimalkin's bosom are at rest, And jubilantly he and all His contjries congregate, and manifest Their joy upon the wall. The fumes and odour of the cigarette Our nerves olfactory beset No more, nor phrases fearful, likel " The deuce I" "By Jingo 1" " Well, I'm hanged !" " You bet!" Upon our hearing strike. No more the roses of my favourite tree Vanish from sight mysteriously, Nor do I in my rambles meet Those flowers again upon the breasts of three Young ladies up the street I This dream of last's a vision of delight, The garden is Arcadia quite, For all alone may I sit there, And undisturbed, tender verses write 'Mongst floral beauties fair. No " Young men's parties" now upset our joys, Nor are we deafened by the noise Of arguments political. Our home, pro. tem., is happy; for the boys- Those dreadful tyrants all- Have gone-the fates we praise- Away to spend their summer holidays. NELLIE COULSOx, BOW. CONUNDRUM. 3.-Suppose you and I, reader gay, Arm in arm to a crockery shop Gaily proceeded together one day, And proceeded, let's say, with a hop (That " hop's" not inserted for rhyme, For, let me explain, when I walk With you, sir, I'll doff wooden legs for a time, And I'll don my new spring 'un of cork). Suppose, then, we said to the man Who served at the shop, " Get us three- Three penny bottles as quick as you can, And as strong, oh, as strong as can be." Suppose for a minute or so That shopkeeper said to us, " Ay, But what, sirs, you want'em for, I'd like to know ?" Now what in reply should we say ? W. J. SuARnMAe. ENIGMA. 4.-Long ago, savants have stated, all our earthly sphere was this, And, as in a mighty caldron, in the earth I steam and hiss, As some vast imprisoned sea Struggles for its liberty. By me islands are created on the wild, foam-crested sea; When I burst my bonds, destruction, earthquakes, dark. ness there will be. Cities have been overthrown, Buried, and by me alone. D. G. HOLMES. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. 5.-I think that you will guess me, if you've got me, I'm certain that you will not, if you've not me; A proverb has it that I am a virtue, So if you are at all on the alert, you Should quickly find me. Don't be at a loss; words Below will give you olues-I mean the cross words. Cross Words. 1,050 and pipe On the hands or on the face- E'er unwelcome, out of place; 106 ,, eat Lively, full of easy grace, One to win a running race; 1,051 ,, beth Here a kind of cap you trace, Not a felt, or silk, or lace; 511 ,, ne Now a sort of point or clue Must be brought to light by you; 210 ,, tenee Very good, or even splendid- Broken things are this when mended; 106 ,, one This, I fancy, will reveal One who doesn't know a deal; 1,151 ,, tea Temperature here is shown, Ev'ry country does it own: 1,060 ,, seepa Show good this to ev'ry one; Now I'll end-my puzzle's done. BABNETT DE BEAB. OMEGRAI1. 6.-There was a youth whose name was John, John, John, Johnnie, And he was what the French call, "bon," Bon, bon, bonnie. He used to write With all his might, Riddles, stories, poems, tales About horses, winkles, whales, Mountains, valleys, hills and dales All through the night Without a light. He used to write first the dark, He used to writefast the park; Second you mentioned a lark He'd quake'with fright, And turn quite white, . Or green or yellow. A funny fellow Last this youth by the French called" bon," Bon, bon, bonnie, And you must'know his name third John, JUvENILE JoansmE. POLYPHONE. 7.--Before the king upon his throne, In chains, the captive stands. "How now, vile first! Art thou alone The remnant of those wretched bands W ho dared tosecond 'gainstmywill ?" Exclaims the king, in tones of grief. " I second did, and first am still " ,,Replied the dauntless primal chief. SAnd though alone, still unsubdued, I here, base tyrant, thee defy I" "'Tis thy last word, for, by the rood," Theoking vows, " thon$halt surely die." RoEarnts,
TRANSPOSITION. 8.-The hunter scales quickly the precipice high, The track of two primal observing quite nigh; He duly determines to bring them to bay, And looks to his weapons with little delay. His gun. double-barrelled, examines with care, Adjusts his broad belt, feels his pistols are there; No cumbersome final nor sword does he own, A keen-bladed dagger he carries alone. Then, cautiously watching, he follows the trail, Acute as a redskin, he never knows fail; With inward low chuckle, his game he espies- Game worthy to gladden a sportsman's keen eyes. His rifle he levels with sure, deadly aim, He knows'twill be folly just simply to maim, So firing both barrels he grasses the prey, And hastens his trophies to carry away. LOGOGRIPH. PHILO. 9.-My first is a word which I hope you'll all do In finding the answer to this con. of mine, It means to persist in, and not to give up, But remain firm and steadfast in any design. Then if you will take off the tail, and transpose, What means peevish or cross will be brought to your sight; This same word means obstinate, stubborn in wrong, And also it signifies turned from the right. Again, please, transpose, and what means seasoned fruit You will have; then behead, and a word it is plain Will be left which means something kept for exigence, And 'tis used as a verb, to keep back or retain. Transpose this last word, and another remains, Which means to repeal or the opposite side ; Behead and transpose, you'll have sharp or austere; Curtail, and what's left means to cut or divide. Transposed, it's to wait on, attend, or assist; A stanza or line, if transposed again; Behead it, a language; transpose, that a wise man Or prophet you'll find in the word will remain. If this word be transposed again, it will mean To make callous, to burn, to be withered or dry; Behead it, and what means before will be seen. Now at last has this con. terminated. Good-bye. AMY BOEHMER, Shorncliffe. MONOPHONE. 10.-Up, up! and let us away I Hurrah I 'tis a hunting morn; Horses and riders alike are gay, Cheered by the sound of the horn. " Hoick I in there," the huntsman cries, And the hounds through the underwood crash. "Hark I a whimper I Hurrah!" The scent lies. " Gone away I" and we're off like a flash. Over hedge, over ditch, over brook, Over bullfinch and six.barred gate; Our motto is " Leap, then look !" As we gallop with hearts elate. The fox is a game first, and so He gallantly keeps ahead; He races for life, but we know That ere long his course will be sped. For the hounds are on him with a rush, From his body they soon shake the breath. Hurrah I I have second the brush, For I am first in at the death ! SPOTSTROKE, Glasgow. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. ll.-One whom we fear and dread Comes o'er your view, sirs, If you this con. do solve. And now, adieu, sirs. Cross Words. What all things on this earth must come to; It's true, but still it's very rum, too. This certainly's the contrary to cheap; Yet things we hold this we all wish to keep. A mineral is third, and well you know it, And don't wish to be told so by this poet. A sign of sorrow we ne'er like to note; You also do this if you split your coat. This is not tongue, but yet you use it rowing- I mean when on the water you are going. This con.'s not this, or else 'twould not be here, sirs; That others will be I do greatly fear, sirs. A MourNswa KNIGHT. METAGRAM. 12.-I'm seen in river, sea, and lake, And many different forms I take; My next is useful to us all, And worn alike by great and small' Now, please to change its head, and you An animal will quickly view; My fourth by ancient castles lay, And oft has kept the foe at bay. You'll guess my riddle if you try, But now, dear friends, I'll say good-bye. J. A, MARSHALL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation TWords. 13.-MIy primals will show you A fish of the river; In finals another You'll find, if you're clever. Cross Words. A first of water stood close by, Fred saw it, gave a grin; Tipped the first over by a push, And drenched me to the skin. On angling I was bent that summer day, So to the next I quickly made my way. Just puzzle out my third, and then rm sure You'll find it means a hole or aperture. Dear friends, my fourth will surely indicate A female's name-but, mind, it is not Kate. To change in figure last doth signify, As my keen riddling friends will soon descry. S. W. HAYES, Worcesil)r. OMEGRAM. 14.-Oh, when shall I reach the height of my pride, Oh, when will the happy time be When printed first clear, unbroken brevier Some verse of my own I shall see P Although rI've composed full a cartload of cons., And sent them away full of hope, Our Ed.'s declined allmy enormous scrawl, And caused me in sorrow to mope. But in no wise daunted, I once again seize My pen, and right boldly'indite A con. that I think will make you all blink, And mutter, "Next just served him right !" N. WHITWOaTH, Milnrow. CENTRAL DELETION. 15.-Kinds of tubes my whole will show The centre please delete, Then what is left instead I know You very often eat. F. T, EIDLEtz DECAPITATION. 16.-A part of every house My first is sure to be Next must acknowledge this, So argue not with me. SILVEMEREax.