RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
(Chance the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-Near a tropical clime, 'neath a tropical sky, 'blidst the foam of the turbulent sea, A beau'iful water-nymph floating would lie, And bask in the last of the sun's vivid glare, While combing her tresses of seaweed-like hair, And chanting a low melo ly. Near a tropical clime, 'neath a tropical sky, 'Midst the team of the turbulent sea, A first little yacht lay at anchor clo~e by The spot which the sailors averred was the haunt Of monsters who waved forth their arms grim and gaunt, To the water.nymph's sweet melody. On the gleaming white deck, 'neath the moon's pallid ray, Keeping watch over the turbulent sea, With thoughts roaming oft to the home far away, A sailor boy heard the enchanting refrain, And drank in the charm of the sweet, fatal strain Of the water-nymph's weird melody. IHe heard it at first, as it were, in a dream, Floating far o'er the turbulent sea, And as he thus lingered beneath the moon's gleam, It wasted still nearer, so soothing and sweet; Anwl the plash of the waves made a chorus complete To the water.nymph's low melody. Unwilling, yet helpless beneath the dark spell, lie gazed into the white, foaming sea; But, ah ! the dread nymph knew her power too well, So wetving around him her mystical charms, She drew him with glee into Neptune's grim arms, As she chanted a sweet melody. Near a tropical clime, 'neath a tropical sky, 'Midst the foam of the turbulent sea, A water-nymph waits, with mes-nerical eye, To draw in her spoils to their watery graves; While mingling afar with the plaush of the waves Floats the strainms of her weird melody. M1anios L. TArLon, Birkenhead. 2.-Do you ask, because in sadness Once I said I'd ne'er forget, First I welcome her with gladness, Not regret ? 'Tis because there's nothing sweeter, After trouble, til, and pain, Than to rise and run to greet her Once again. When for weary years I've missed her, Years that I remember yet, Need you ask me if I kissed her When we met ? While so last she looks when glancing With her bright eyes into mine, Love within their blue depths dancing All the time. SEI.1wAw. PALINDROME. en word wich read backwards or forwards is still the sonmen.l :.-Have you heard of that mandarin, handsome and young, Of the great Crystal Button ? his name was Lung Chung. Hils face it was yellow, his eyes they were small, And for a Celestial he was really quite tall. If you'd seen him abroad, with his swords avd his fan, I'm sure you'd have said, " What a charming youni mai!" Lung Chung loved a maiden, her name was Too ('ho~', But to his addresses she answered, " Pooh ! poi,, :" She favoured the Diamond Button, Chang LanI , Who under her window swept serenades sang. Lung Chung, in despairing and murd'rous not.) , Resolved to commit a most dark whole of blood. You know that in China their habits are not Like ours, and their baths are reimarkally hot; The bather sits quietly ensconced in a tub, Immersed to his shou:ders; but here comes the rub- Beneath the tub smoulders a slow burning fire, And he sinnmers inside to his utmost desire. Lung Chung waited quietly for Chang Lang to athe, Then said, creeping to him, " Your life none shall save." 'rhen over the tub his green mantle he cast, And, holding it down. the small fire he fed fast; And as he soon heard a great bIubble and stew, He thought of his love, the sweet maiden Loo Choo. When he lifted his mantle, all dripping and soiled, His anger was over--Chang Lang was quite boiled. i For the Diamond Buttn lihe shed not a tear, Itut l'ickly he wenti to his ladc-love dear, And again told his lo,ve ; so whit could she !dI ? In a meouth he was imarried to ch:arming Loo Choo. A. E. 1 UOPER. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form a.iither word.) 4.-Upon a weird and stormy night, A cruel night indeed, I met a child, a fragile lad, Who sorely clothes first need. He came to me with piteous voice, And said, " Sir, pity, pray; My next lies dead at home, kind sir, And I'm alone to-day." I gave the child a silver coin, As much as 1 could spare; Since then, to earn his daily bread, The boy works brav'ly there. He sweeps the crossing clean and neat, The only honest way The boy just now can earn his dole And live from day to day. F. J. HODnES, Greenwich. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (Irh letters of a word are transposed, and form another word int the narrative.) 5.-Why should our songs be tinged with woe When youth is of all times the best ? Why shound our feeble warbling show A weakness which we should detest ? A lachrymose and feeble wail, In laboured verse, by youthful bard, Who scarce has wandered from the pale Of childhood, and who finds life hard, Is not of all good things the best; And yet to strains like this we cling, How strange that in the youthful breast There live such songs as these to sing ! C. P. HARNETT. S.-We were urchins small when we planned to go One beautiful night in June, To an orchard distant a mile or so, One beautiful night in June. Each one had a pillow.case. Off we set, 'Neath the light of a brilliant moon, And I'll tell you about a ghost we met That beautiful night in June. By the way we went was an ivied tower, That beautiful night in June, It looked like a real goblin's bower, That beautiful night in June. We said that no ghoul or sprite we feared, But.our courage it vanished soon, When a ghost on the castle wall appeared, That beautiful night in June. 'Twas, an object that filled our breasts with dread, That beautiful night in June, All clothed in white and with eyes so red,
It uttered a low and mournful note, Like some spirit craving a boon, And our hearts took fright, and our legs took flight, That beautiful night in June. AU jaded and tired we reached cur home, That beautiful night in June, And we vowed that we never again would roam Any beautiful night in June. We afterwards heard that an owl was shot Near the castle next day at noon; Then we knew 'twas from it the fright we got, That beautiful night in Juuc. DEMANCIrEs.
ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other Foundation Words. Wordlj 7.-Young Folks, do you not enjoy it Now the days are bright and fair, And the flowers, so sweetly blooming, Scent the lovely summer air ? Cross Words. What bewitching strains are falling First and softly on my ear- 'third entrancing-sure the fairies, Fourth and tiny, must he near. We will rest awhile and listen, Second this delightful shade, For the breeze of fifth refreshing Blows from next adown the glade. Now my seventh, fierce and burning, From us for a time has fled; Tenth the cooling twelfth eleventh Gently move my ninth o'erhead. Let us all enjoy the summer While we still rejoice in last; Revel in the joyous hours E'er the happy time be past. LOTTre W, Foundation Word. 8.-The primals show a poet's soul, to fortune all an. known- A boy, ,n whom the selfish world no smiles had ever thrown. Would that he had been born with wealth,or with a mind less great! Pity had then no cause to weep o'er his untimely fate, For that, with mind by care unhinged, by poverty hard pressed, With his own hand he closed his life and placed his heart at rest. Crors Words. A daaghter of great Pecksniff here behold. YWhose story you by Dickens have been told. This the best policy is said to be. A creed with which I ever must agree. Your humble servant's Christian name here view. I have no special love for it. Have you? This is a play of Sh!lkesprare's, I must tell, In which are Prospero and Ariel. An abstract quality of each one's mind; 'Tis sometimes good, and some;times bad, you Cud. Your conutry's cognomen now flnd for me; Those who are cloever will its name soon veg. Your property and coin this man will take, And o'er the matt r little scruple make. If I don't have a cup of this e'er long, 'Twill be a bad look out for this fine song. A fruit obtained from Italy and Spain. Be good enough, dear friends, to find its name. This is an adjective, so I've been told, And that it sigeities rever-e of old. ANNIF A. IROYSTON, Birminuglaim. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another wor.i.; 9.-I saw him steal within my precious shop, That glistened out and in with Jewels rare, First instnnt's space, and out he slyly crept, The stolen brilli ints clasped with nervous ,are Within his knavish hand. MIr heart on tire With righteous horror at the baretacct thef , I followed him till at ia house he stopped And entered, but ajar the door was lelt. Outside his chamber door I quickly stood, And there perceived the gtilty, reckless m tu E mxaimin.g a parcel, which I -aw 1-lin bend his head with cruel glee to scan. I darted forward. claspe.l Imy precious prize, Then started back with ho)rror next imy face. "My new fly-catchers, sir! Don't squeeze 'eIim,leaie. I've just now left a sampnle at your Ulace." F. G. WEBB, Sou:hwark. 10.-At length the travellers weary. As through the first they hold, A twinkling light so cheery Amidst the gloom beheld. When last, the travellers gaze Upon the homestead near, Their thoughts of dcarksome ways Brought up a thankful tear. AniONaloris. NARRATIVE ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in sncesasion to form other: wor I' i;l the Harrative., 11.-Riddlers, I enter the " Tourney " agaiu- Now don't you be startled at that- To sinu. I hope, an eligible strain- Now don't you be startled at th it. To please is my putrpose, you may depend, And joytully, gladly, dto I extend Brightest of wishes to every dear friend. Now don't you be startled at that. I happen to be in love with a girl- Now don't you be startled at that. My head, I declare, is oft in a whirl- Now don't you be startled at that. This maiden she is so modest and shy, My heart's full of rapture whene'er she's nigh; I really feel happy-can you guess why ? Now don't you be startled at that. I go to her home each Sunday to tea- Now don't you be startled at that. Her parents I am delighted to see- Now don't you be startled at that. In a short time I shall call her my own, To friends o'er the sea it's pretty well known; I'm weary, indeed, of living alone. Now don't you be startled at that. Riddlers and friends. I must now end my song, Now don't you be startled at that. My purpose was not to keep you so long - Now don't you be startled at that. Again in the " Tourney " let us all meet, Again and again each other to greet; This meeting, I'm sure, is pleasant and sweet. Now don't you be startled at that. W. CARTER, Birmingham. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 12.-Methinks if ye this word do solve aright. A part of pig will e'en be brought to light. "My house is next," the poor old landlord cried. His transports spoke in words he could not hide. My whole, a prince in one of Shakespeare's plays, A traitor's blade did end his earthly days. H. C. BIDDLr. 13.-Grain, dear riddler, in first yor.'ll see; An English vowel my next will be. My third, kind reader, is a French pronoun, And my last is an article (French), you'll own. My whole will name a French author of fame, And if you search you may find, sirs, the same. E. SHURVEL, Lewishamn OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.2 14.-There was a young person whose mind Wandered so much, that you'd find First the course of a day Next would wander away, Leaving nothing whatever behind. E. W. EaaLET.