RID DLES.
What is highest when the head is off? A pillow. When is a man not a man ? When he is a shaving. What faction ought to be uppermost ? Satis- Faction. Where did Noah strike the first nail? On the head. What wine resembles a movable habita- tion ? Tent. Why is the best way to swallow a door? Why, bolt it. Why does a duck put his head under water? For divers reasons. Who are they that feel most for their friends ? The blind. Why is the letter W like a busy body? Be- cause it makes ill-will. WVhen is the lamp-post a lamp lighter? When the lamp is away. Why is a wide-awake like a celebrated race? Because it is a handicap. Why is a palm tree like a chronologer? Because it furnishes dates. Which was the most formidable stand made for liberty ? The ink-stand. When is a nose not a nose? When it is a reddish, and a little turn-up. Why should not the number 288 be men- tioned? Because it is too gross. Why is a rejected councillor like a bad key ? Because he doesn't suit the Ward. Why can you see farthest in a hop garden ? Because you can see from pole to pole. Why is a racehorse like a lollipop? Because the more it is licked the faster it goes. Why is a man who never gambles as bad as one who does? Because he is no better. Why is a brewer like a haberdasher ? Because he sells "pins" (four and a half gallons). Why is an umbrella like a Scotch shower ? Because the moment it rains it's missed (mist). Why is a lady's hair like the latest news ? Because in the morning we find it in the papers. What is the difference between a milkmaid and a swallow? One skims the water and the other the milk. Why are children whose parents are dead like a pair of worn out shoes? Because they are left off'uns (orphans). Why does lightning turn milk and beer sour ? Because the electric fluid does not know how to conduct itself. When is it dangerous to enter a church? When there is a canon in the reading-desk or a great gun in the pulpit. Who was the first man that introduced salt provisions into the navy? Noah-because he took Ham into the ark with him. in boot naking, what is the difference be- tween the first stitch and the last? One is a wax end and the other is a piece of wood. Why may a professor without students be said to be the most attentive of all teachers ? Because he has only two pupils, and they are always in his eye. Why is a man looking at the Falls of Niagara like one suffering from a violent disease of the visual organs? Because he has an awful cataract in his eyes. Why is an oyster the most contradictory thing there is? Because he's got a beard without a chin and you are obliged to take him out of bed-to tuck him in.
Which is the best way for a girl to take pills In cyder. What is the only thing that can live in fire ? A live coal. When are boots like blossoms? When they. are on trees. What bird is it foreigners cannot cook? The English goose. When is tobacco like pigs' eyes? When it's in a hogshead. Why is troy weight dishonest? Because it has no scruples. When is a lady's neck dangerous ? When it's a little bare (bear). When are soldiers like good flannels? When they don't, shrink. When does a ship most resemble a woman ? When she's in stays. What part of the human throat resembles a bird ? The swallow. When is an ambassador's footman like a key ? When he opens the door. Why is a pig the most sensible animal? Be- cause he nose everything. Why-is a coquette like Cupid 7 Because she keeps her beau in a quiver. What is that which few like to sell, give away, or keep ? Their bed. In what part of the church do they ring the bells (belles) ? At the altar. Why is a bad horse like abad play? Because it will neither draw nor run. When is the inside of a tea-kettle like a lady's muff ? When it's furry. When is soup likely to run out of the sauce- pan ? When it has a hole in it. When is a drunken man like Queen Victoria ? When he's happy and glorious. In what does a tanner resemble a chemist? In the knowledge of ox(h)ides. Why is St. Paul's Cathedral like a bird's nest ? Because it was built by a Wren. Why are ladies like churches? Because there is no living without them. What is a muff ? A thing thathold's a young lady's hand without squeezing it. Why are barristers religious ? Because they adhere to the law and the prophets. Why is a pair of darned stockings like dead - men ? Because they are mende(a)d. Why is a four-quart pitcher like a side- saddle ? Because it carries a gail-on. Why is a set of dice like a king ? It is nothing without it's thrown (throne). What trade did Sir Robert Peel serve his t time to? Pelisse and Cabinet-making. Why is a lodging on the ground floor a degradation ? Because it's a-base-ment. Why is a new-born child like a donkey's 7 tail ? Because it was never seen before. Why does a railway clerk cut a hole in your ? return ticket? To let you pass through. Which of Shakespeare'A characters suits a squinting man ? Lear-with a strong cast. Why is a merry fellow like a bad shot? Be- a cause he is the boy to keep the game alive. What will give a cold, cure a cold and pay the doctor when cured ? A draught (draft). When is a pair of boots like a dying man ? ? When the soles are departing from the body. Why is a butcher the greatest thief in the world ? Because he is always steeling knives. When is an enemy's encampment most likely to be set on fire ? When the tents are I pitched. 3 What difference is there between forms and ceremonies? You sit upon one and stand upon I the other. r Why is a donkey like the most unfortunate creditor in the world ? Because he gets nothing ? in the pound. v Why is an altar an improper place to take your bonnet off? Because you may get the ? beau in a knot. a When does a good-natured man most re- semble a soldier on parade ? When he stands t a tease (at ease). e Why are clergymen like cabinet-makers when performing the marriage ceremony? Because they are joiners. a Why do the ladies object to marry a fool? Because they prefer marrying a wise man to e make a fool of him afterwards. ? What is the difference between a married e man and a widower? One kisses his missis, and the other misses his kisses. a Why is a postage-stamp like a naughty e schoolboy ? Because you must lick their lI backs before they will stick to the letters. Which is the biggest fool in a circus, the y clown or the riding master? The riding- d master-because he has not the sense to be his e own fool, so he pays some one else to be his fool for him.