RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. MO NOPHONE.
1.-He was an unfortunate, unlucky man; Ill-luck ever crushed a most promising plan. If he wrote a short poem, a puzzle, or tale, His name intimated his efforts would fail. If he cherished a friend as a brother, that friend Would smile at his ardour, and venture to send A cutting remark on the strength of his zeal, And this wretched young man his deep grief would con. ceal, Till that friend drew some bills, and drew him in a mess, Then that wretched young man "a dislike" would con- fess. If he ventured, with humour, to frame a small joke, He'd have to declare "he was sorry he spoke." If a "yes" was required to his wants, it was "no;" His very existence was flooded with woe. At business he seemed a " huge joke" to the men; Yet they all failed to "read him," and cut him dead then, And bullied-until he met first in the street, And that wretched young man gave the public a treat; Declared his intention to solemnly fight- " The bearer of jackets and hats would see right I" He was " one out of work," and being but man, As the fight was progressing, to "uncle's he ran." Thus was the unfortunate, wretched young man Prompted to madness by cunning's deep plan. His wrongs were redoubled, and minus hat, coat, Well thrashed, he departed to cut his own throat. Now Bedlam's last this unfortunate lad; 'Twas painful to see how they all swore him mad. " Undone I" cried the victim of misfortune's plan. " I am an unquestionably unlucky man I" T. W. KrTCanEr. OMEGRAM. 2.-" Humpty Dumpty sat on a brick wall," And history records that he had a fall, But the wherefore and why (Its cause and that) I Can't manage just first to recall. " And Humpty Dumpty had a great fall," The details of which would most surely appal And shock you so much That I really won't touch On that horrible subject at all. " All the king's horses and all the king's men," In round numbers reckoned,were next more than ten His steeds were but nine, And that fact, I opine, Accounts for the failure I hasten to pen. " Couldn't pull Humpty together again," E'en though they eggs-erted themselves; andit's plain (0, va.ry indeed!) That each man and each steed- But more the historian doesn't explain. Varro. CURTAILMENT. 3.-With glittering splendour, ambient morn arises, As Ajax, deep in thought, some plan devises To enter Troy, and thus gain fresh renown, And add new laurels to his well-stocked crown; When, fired with martial ardour, up he sprang, For near at hand he heard of arms the clang. Loud he declared, " I'm in myself a host!" When Achilles, who, near, had heard the boast, Said, " Ajax, much do you your courage vaunt. Single out Hector; see if him you'll daunt." First by this taunt, forward did Ajax spring, And soon with Hector's steel his own did ring. Alas I he found without his host he'd reckoned, For Hector dealt a blow that him did second. Cosnrs. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. -.-'Tie a bitter cold day, the snow deep on the ground, And still falling and giddily whirling around In the air; but in vain do I list for that sound- The day is so dark and so dreary ! I cannot sit here; I unfasten the door, And wistfully gaze 'cross the snow-covered moor, Oh, dear, dad has never been so late before I I feel, oh, so lonely and weary I Perhaps he has strayed from the path-then the mere I My heart sinks within me, and slowly a tear Wells up to my eyes. Who is that ? Father, dear! The day has turned out bright and cheery. G. Taor. ANAGRAMS ON BOYS' NAMES. 5.-I knew the air, and that was why Its sweetness almost made me cry. Why should I lend a man a pound P He pays not when the time comes round. My father, sir, is old and grey, So wrong of him you shall not say. Well, spud in all the bills you've got; I doubt not you have quite a lot. Just there, you see, the red barn stands, Where murder dyed Jim Winter's hands. You say you're sure, Sam, that you saw That person in a court of law. Ay, there's the rub, sir, as you see; It could not have been meant for me. There's not one soul, I swear it, who Knows aught of this, save me and you. That one ill word by you just spoken The friendship 'twixt ourselves has broken. DAi0oN AND PYTHIAS. DECAPITATIONS. 6.-We had a party, t'other day, Of children twenty-three, And when they'd weary grown of play, We all sat down to tea. " Let's make a first," my mother said. " What will Miss Fanny take ?" "S )me second please," said curly head, "And then a piece of cake." Tea finished, other games they had, Each merry as a bird; With mother no one could be sad- Of pleasing she'd the third. And as they left to go away, All said, "Oh, wasn't it prime I We'd like to come another day, We've had such a jolly time." LITTLE COCK ROBIN. 7.-She burst upon my vision like a fairy, Fresh from realms of dazzling, brilliant light, And tripped along with form so last and airy. Ah, me, she was a fascinating sight ! Whilst I-a paltry shopman, sa ave of mammon, Whose life was passed beside a pork.shop door- Could ne'er have hoped to win her love. Oh, gammon I She now has cast a first my fancies o'er. 'Twas thus we met: I'd taken down the shutters, And strewn the sawdust o'er the muddy ground, When suddenly my heart gave several flutters, For what should I behold, on turning round, But this sweet maid. She passed me, hesitated, Then came to me, with manner shy and coy, And in such tones-my poor heart palpitated- Said, " Please, I want a penny saveloy I" BARNETT DE BEAR. TRANSPOSITION. 8.-The jousts have begun, and the trumpets have sounded, The lists with fair ladies and knights are surrounded, For Prince John this day holds a tournament gay, For those who to him come their homage to pay. The knights on their horses around the lists ride, Encased in armour, elated with pride; Their squires stand around, with fresh shield and lance, For one may be broken in tilting, perchance. "Laisse z aller i laissez nllUer !" the marshals now cry, And the knights to the charge on their war.horses fly. They meet with a crash, and full many a brave knight Wounded and bleeding's led ;orth from the fight. Some sorely are wounded, for dire was the strife, And some few have barely escaped with their life; But all have gained honour, which was better than gold To the chivalrous barons and brave knights of old. ?AGeaIPPA.
CHARADES. 9.-Miss Blinker was a lady who was very well to do; Though many were her riches, yet her charms were very few. To speak a little plainer, she had not a single charm, But was terribly plain-looking, which oft caisedher great alarm. To try and get a partner, who would her grand fortune share, Shepainted, powdered up her face, and-horror I-dyed her hair. Miss Blinker was a lady, as I told you once before, Unmarried, and despairing, at the aie of fifty-four. One lovely summer morning she bid whole to each deal friend, And told them that in London a few months she meant to spend. Her things were quickly packed, and so, upon that self. same day, Her primal paid, soon in the train was speeding fast away- But not to busy London, as her loving friends she'd told, But to a country village, where there was a second old. And thus the legend ran : This second had a magic power; Whoever washed themselves therein at midnight's ghostly hour Would young and beautiful become, and keep the same for aye. Such was the secret of Miss Blinker's visit there that day. The night came on, and midnight's ghostly hour was very near; Miss Blinker, warmly clad, yet trembling with a dreadful fear, Stands by the magic spot, in awful silence to await The striking of the village clock, that soon would seal her fate. Ding I ding I the notes rang out, and, oh, of deaths the very worst ! A start, a scream she gave, and in the second fell head first. And now the place is haunted, so the village people say, And, after dusk, no folks are ever seen to pass that way, MArmox TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. 10.-" Be first about your business! Get first that nest !' I said. "And get into that whole at once, or else you'llhurtyour head." No answer made he; on he went, but, lo ! my words came true- He did fall on his head. But now to all I'll bid adieu. HDa. NETT. METAGRAMS. 11.-He playfully carried a book 'neath his arm, But his features betokened the depth of alarm That racked each recess in his mind. The bookstall was near, when a man calmly said, " You've taken my first; but I'll take you instead. It's a very sad case, sir, I find." That next of despair was quite sad to behold, Which a smile drove away soon, and, lo ! he grew bold- A thought surely turned him quite gay. "Your case is distressing," the magistrate cried. "It's just what I thought"-here the "gentleman" sighed. "Kleptomania led me away I" " There's justice in England," remarked the old judge (His likeness you'll find, friends, in " Barnaby Rudge "). " I rightly acknowledge your plea." " Next case," cries the usher. A wan face appears. " Stealing apples ! Oh, dear, you must suffer two years ! A boy like you must not be free I" KITCINER AND RAW. 12.-Poor, wayward, foolish first from home had run. Alas! full soon his troubles had begun, For when he'd got a few miles on his way, For bed he hadn't got enough to pay. And, feeling very second, tired, and weak, For shelter for the night he'gan to seek. "Aha I" cried he, " this third, I think, will suit. It's comfortable, clean, and dry to boot." So, lying down, he quickly fell asleep; But, though his slumber was profoundly deep, From it he very quickly did awaken, Through beinglast-ed first, then roughly shaken. And, lookinr up, he saw an awful sight- A little man who was a perfect fright. He had a knife in's hand- First gave a scream, And, jumping upward, yelled, "'Twas all a dream !" Carroco., Wolverhampton. ANAGRAMS ON BIRDS. 13.-Wrap yourself up in the rug, as you seem To be very cold just down there by the stream. Here, Tom, you've no cap. You had better take care, Or you will catch cold in this keen, biting air. Why, yes, to be sure; go along by the mill, And then you can skate to the foot of the hill. You'd better get Ann to go with you, I think, And then she can get you all something to drink. Oh, ma, cannot Edgar come with us as well P No, neither could he nor Clare help, if you fell. We'll go on the Brent; it will be such fine fun. Yes, dearies; but mind you are back here by one. And when you come back, clap your hands to get warm. And if it should sting, it won't do any harm. The gowk has just slipped. Oh, dear me I his poor leg I Oh, do help me back with poor Tom, sir, I beg I We're back! Christmas Day-oh, how nice! This is bliss ! We curl up our hair, and 'neath mistletoe kiss. NON OaNIs MORIAR. ENIGMA. 14.-I'm not as thick as a needle or pin, But I'm fairly strong, though I am so thin; To be found am I through the whole wide world, And oft on the wings of the wind I am hurled. Countless as the sands on the wild seashore, Or the blades of grass on the heath or moor. I oft as the colour of gold am seen; But this I can say, I never am green. I am found alike on peasant or peer, And I oft am kept asa relic dear. In cushions and mattresses I abound ; In lockets and brooches I oft am found. Many more uses I'm put to I'd name, But to keep you longer would be a shame. AGRIPPA NARRATIVE DELETION. 15.-- Miss Emmerson's boarders were out for a walk, Through fields and through meadows they wended their way, And, free from restraint, they could laugh, shout, and talk, And they played and they romped, just as merry as May. At last they arrived at a garden so fair, Where they sat down to rest, having walked a long way. There were borders of fern and the frail maidenhair, And anemones, roses, and tulips so gay. AnY IOEHRMER, Shorncliffe. REVERSION. 16.-This rose so sweet a perfume firts. Alas I 'twill fade away; For second, with a blighting touch, Will make it soon decay. F. T. RIDLa.