RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION.
1.-No shoes had he upon his little feet; His head was bare, he trembled with the cold ; His sunken cheeks were pale as any sheet; The clothes he wore were tattered, worn, andtold. " Why do you weep ?" I pityingly said. Then on his face a ray of hope beamed bright : He murmured, as he slowly raised his head, " I've got a pipe, but I ain't got a light." F. R. COULsoN, Bow. ENIGMA. 2.-I want to bring before your view A thing that's known to all of you ; You'll find it round, but often squa: e, And in your house it's surely there. It is of almost any length, And, likewise, is of any strength; Of wood and iron it is made; For colour, it is any shade. It has no feet, but move it can, And stand as well as any man; And then it surely has a back; But for a face there is a lack. 'Tis used to keep the cold without; So for the answer look about. R. MONTGOMERY. CURTAILMENT. 3.- My first did quickly drive along, For he was in great haste, sirs; His appetite was getting strong, And he'd no time to waste, sirs. He stopped at a refreshment booth, But when he'd read the next, sirs, He uttered words which seemed uncouth, For, truly, he was vexed, sirs. He had not coin enough to buy A good and hearty dinner; "Oh, what a poor old man am I I" Said he, " I'm getting thinner." He sold his third unto a man Who drove a tramway last, sirs. So solve this riddle, if you can, Before a week has passed, sirs. T. SToaR. CENTRAL CHANGE. 4.-I envy not the miser's lot, I utterly despise it; Yet those who "tin" can rightly win Are right to rightly prize it; And so, if I could now espy An honest first of " rhino," I'd not be vexed-at least, my next Would beat more quickly, I know. A. J. H. GIva, Colchester. LOGOGRIPHS. 5.-Oh, here's a con. I so gather round; The answer quickly will be found When once you catch the thread. So, now, if you have found the word, Remove two letters-first and third- And what is left-a head ? 'Tis well, Now first and third replace, And first and second now efface, And then the riddle's read. ALEX. S., Glasgow. 6.-A vegetable first will be .- A letter add, a fruit youll'see ; Add yet another, and you'll spy A jewel that's of value high. If of the head this is bereft, You'll find a man of ranklis left; Transpose, and then a king you'll see- A badly-treated father he. Transpose again, and then I am A word which shows that I'm no sham; Curtail, transpose, and I will name A part of every human frame. Transpose once more, and it will show A space of time you ought to know; Invert this last, a verb 'twill tell. Now, Mr. Ed., I'll say farewell. D. R. O'D. OMEGRAM. 7.-I'm half afraid my first you'll quickly see; Because that selfsame first belongs to me. Now, if you bring my next unto your next, I do not think you will be very vexed. Were you, my friend, the owner of the third, You'd be a man of means, upon my word. When any little girl is rather fast, Folks say she is a saucy little last. BARNETT DE BEAB, CHARADE. 8.-The first was strong, the soldiers true; Although in number they were few, They swore to do or die. Their captain was a hero bold' Although he now was waxen old, Fire flashed from his keen eye. " This next, my men," he cried, aloud, " When darkness, like a sable shroud, Doth round us softly fall, " A bold endeavour they will make- I mean our foes-this place to take, And make us prisoners all. " A total now we're in this place, To-night we'll meet them face to face, And slay them one and all." RInCARD GRANT. DECAPITATION. 9.-The creature was first, there was no doubt of that, He refused to be tied to the stall With his hoof he stove in the head stableman's hat, And knocked down the side of the wall. But there's one little thing I mustn't let pass, So I say it to vindicate him, He would have done this, you must know-but, alas i He'd neither a hoof nor a limb. Said the ostler, " I'll mount him, I'll not stand aloof; It's second I know, but I'll try." But lo! as he spoke, the horse raised his hind hoof, And landed him one in the eye. That is, you must know, if his eye had there been That animal's hind hoof to see; But that ostler attempting to mount was ne'er seen, And, alas ! not an optic had he. "Zonnds!" thundered the ostler, "I'll warm your old hide, For making me to the ground slip." And instantly off to the stable he hied, And brought a formidable whip. That is, if that horse had been given his corn, Or the ostler had ever been heard; But the stableman, ostler, and horse were not born, And these incidents never occurred. T. CanrsP, Leyton. PALINDROME. 10.-My first and last are both the same, Two vowels in the middle; Part of a vessel all will name. Now solve for me this riddle. J. SAVAOE, LivorpooL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Cross IYords. 11.-What on the unswept wall th6 spider creeps, The while the lazy housemaid:idly sleeps. Then take a bird of most gigantic size, The eggs of which we sometimes greatly prize. With just one game of cards; then let be seen Before the house a closely.shbaven green ; Next. a slight thought; and then a slumber light; 'bhe third Greek letter thenidisplay aright; A drop that trickles downufrom sorrow's eye And to o'ercome by force of mind supply; Then a denomination at the end; And if to these instructions you attend, Foundatioa Wbords, The initials dofa mightyconuquercr name; The finals one that's not-lesaiknown tdfame. "... -.. PIXSTO.
ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 12.--Oh, dear I shall I cease to remember the honour Bestowed upon nie by a fair lady gay? Miss Lottie, of Brighton, the cheerful young donor, O'erwhelmed me with joy on last Valentine's Day. How sweet, how refreshing, how awfully charming To know one's endeavours have hot been in vain! Though usually modest, I feel there's no harm in Just raising a cheer for sweet Lottie again. Shall I cease to linger o'er times when this Journal Revealed the fine talents of Lottie the fair, With a band of young poets so gaily fraternal?- For Croger, Hope, Pmder, and Binstead were there. Then can I refrain from expressing the feeling I owe to the one who has mentioned my name? 'Tis an honour, Miss Lottie, I feel you're revealing To one who's unhonoured by poetic fame. With due emulation I've thoughtfully captured The wandering strains from the " Parties" of old; For oft have I lingered and listened, enraptured, And framed the same future as weeks onward rolled. Alas I how those dreams have been recklessly broken, For Fancy-false siren I-has e'er deceived me! Sweet primals, I find, is the bright, winsome token, To plead its sweet cause, fair Miss Lottie, with thee ! Cross Words. My first is a poet, so kindly he showing The name that is honoured by lovers of verse ; That second is luscious I'm sure you'll be knowing; And third is a bird whose deeds I'll not rehearse; Fourth, you will own, at this moment you're viewing; And fifth, I am sure, you will see on this page; And last is yourself-so be kindly reviewing This intricate verse with the air of a sage. 'T. W. KITCHNER. ENIGMA. 18.-On the young brow it pencils anxious lines, And oft its victim to despair assigns; Makes the gay grave, the young it maketh old, And in its train there follows woe untold. Heavy its burden, always hard to bear, 'Neath its oppression oft the raven hair Changeth to silver in a single day, . And from the heart it driveth hope away. Some bid it flee, whilst others o'er it brood, With a sad look of deep solicitude; O'er some it sweepeth like a mighty wave, Wrecks all their joys, and sends them to the grave. A. ST. T. Ancocx. CHARADES. 14.-I would tell ye a tale of the old olden days, Whin, encased in bright steel, went a knight, While his ladye-love through the high lattice did gaze, As from first he advanced to the fight. And, alas for her fears I He ne'ermore appears, Her fair sunny face to make bright. There's a crowd inthe last, and a corpse there they bear, And the vassals in tears close around; Then the fair lady forth from her bow'r doth repair, When she falls to my whole's trodden ground, For her knight she sees dead, And her best joys have fled. Now the twain sleep beneath yonder mound. P. M'CALL, Dublin. 15.-" 'Tis bitter as first," cried the gipsy, As soon as he'd tasted the beer. " It's made me feel awfully tipsy, And that is decidedly queer." He raved-said the sccond was busy (That's true, like a many things more). He suddenly turned very dizzy, And fell with his head on the floor. A total young man, with great strength, sirs, Helped him up to a seat by the fire. Our riddle has now reached its length, sirs, So, wishing you well, we'll retire. STonn AND RAw. OMEGRAM. 16.-Come, ye sons of Phoebus clever, Pray, inform me did you ever Puzzles to indite endeavour, when the elements of rhyme From your first had nearly faded, When, with fruitless trials jaded, Yen through mystic lore had waded, as I have full many a time? I next feelingly propound it- Have you never said " Confound it !" When your pencil had renowned itself for wandering away P Have you never cut a caper When your dying midnight taper Showed blank plains of foolscap paper, whilstyour" quill wand" idle lay ? If you have, as I'm surmising, Then with you I'm sympathizing, Though, withal, I'd be advising you to bravely persevere Till your truant first returning, And all thoughts of failure spurning, Is for fame and honour yearning, then the long.sought goal is near. THE CHILD OF FIRE. METAGRAM. 17.-What is that which the dofikeys eat, And think that they have got a treat. And Scotchmen honour? When complete, 'Tis first. What instrument do small boys blow And make a noise where'er they go, And fll their listeners with woe P? 'Tis last. W. D. PicExxraN. CURTAILMENT. 18.-He was a very fat man, and one day he fell ill; He then sent for a doctor quite fast. The doctor soon saw him, prescribed him apill, Saying, " Limit your first, or you'll last." VENTO. NUMERICAL CHARADE. 19.-My total, no doubt, is a useful invention ; For hundreds of years it has widely been known ; Its uses are many-too many to mention- Its value, I'm sure, any housewife will own. But foolish the worship, the maudlin, and splutter, Displayed by eestheties " sublimely intense," Who call ancient total "consummate " and "utter," And rapture and gush in their mania immense. A talent 1, 2, 5, 4, 6, 7 is showing- A talent supremely high.minded.and chaste; A blessing on all who possess it bestowing, And raisming the mind to a classical taste. My 4, 6, 2, 7 was a town of much splendour, ,Which, taken by well-conceived stratagem, fell. My 6, 2, 1, 5 doth good services render On yacht, brig, and cutter, and others as well. 4, 2, 1, 5, 6 is a bibulous buffer, As fond of a glass as a fellow can be t And I haveno doubt that the tipsy old daffer Is fond of a drop of my 1, 2, 6, 3. F. W. BINsTmED.