1ID1)LLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS. Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.)
LI wandered in afirst beyond compare, ',ud flowers of beauty rare, Where warblers sang for ever, Where richly-tinted grasses decked the hills, Where tny rippling rills elowea down. to dzeet the fiver, While o'er the scene there shone a glodiotis l~ht; MIy soul was filled with wonder at the sight. I wandered on where spicy breezes blew, Where luscious fruit-trees grew Abundantly around me, While distant music, tremulous and sweet, Made fairyland complete. Mlethought a dream had bound me, For e'en the warblers' songs of joy and mirth Were richer far than such-like things on earth. I yandeted to a stream whose waters free iiade gentle ulelody, While sbftly onwird owing j dd jicking flowert etef bs vIlnt; iy soul throbbed with contc . With light songs warmly glowing, 'Twas then I knew the stream which sang to me Was the pellucid fount of Poesy I My ,wxt was filled with blossoms beautiful Plucked from the bowers of Gul . I wove a chaplet scented. I sat me down, and as I decked my brows With many a dewy rose, qty spirit grew contenteds I o elt 1 no e' could lesit thilt tranquil spotj For 'twas the ever golden first of Thought, MARION AND JENNit. 2:-t'here's somethiilg in the naile of " Jane "' That alwaLys takes my fancy. Powi, some folls tl4ink it much too plait[, Who like first niames s " tlaby ,;" But to my mind, there is a tone In " Jane," both true and hearty, I think she who doth this name own slust be an honest "party." And yet I think I should prefer To try the name to soften; I'd seldom call out " Jane" to her, But" Janie" next more often. t4s" Jane " you see a woman, who Till alvas do her .duty, nut call her "Janie;' end thelu, tooi A woman of some beauty. On second thoughts, I'd rather make Another slight inflection, And that its partly for your sake, Will be your first conjection; Because, you know, my lassie fair, That, better far than any, I love the name, dear, that you bear, The pretty name of " Jennie." There is some music in the sound- It sounds so free and girlish; In "Jane," great excellence is found, But she is sometimes churlish; 'Jane" alsays sttives, I need not tell, to do all things with ieatness; But " Jennie " gives rare charms as well, the charms of grace and sweetness. aor "Jennie " owns "Jane's " honest style, And "3 anie's " face, attracting Us quickly with her sunny smile, And love from me exacting. Yes, "Jennie" is the name I love- I love it best of any, And so, I've written this to prove Ikhe fact to you, my "Jennie" I EDITH K. RENDLE, 1BAK iATift 'flufsrosirioLf tlt s ater f a word dre trdnsiýjo tid fdohii safilfet weatd in '-Wnil loud, ye blasts that hurry from the idirth bearing the coldness of the icy pole; 1ieeing the frame and harn owinl the oiil itlk all. to bitterfiese t]no world brings forth. Lash, dash, ye giant saus, ti f'oi titn sabhte,. eading the rocks and seething tifott hgl t3i efsis Heapine the heedless crests, waves over waves, While lightnings flash and echoing thunders roar I Like the cold winds came fortune's chilling gusts, And my bare heart, all comfortless and sad, Mourns for the happiness it never had, And seeks no more to live on hopes and trusts. I oared above and fell Oh, it is hard That such ambition was designed to fall ! Why was my toil denied its all in all P Why was my life for ever, ever marred P I long to ma ambition. Was it vile Tthin oi something higher than my lot, the ilesser things were in its flight forgot, d hse corauption llrid me not the while P lahc,1 to the ground and trampled into dust I S.ck o I chronicle my passion, when iack t the paths trod by my fellow men ~e my course like theirs, because I must. Taco GLoon-r ONE. ENIGMAOA. I-I'm sometimes false, and sometimes true, But when your own, am true to you; Though you are often false to me, When not the man you seem to be. I did exist when man begun To count the stars and watch the sun; I do exist in every sphere, Imparting hope, and joy, and fear. I shall exist in years unborn, When what I was men turn to scorn. When what I am all men shall know, But what I should be few may show. I cannot move a single hair, Too weak to lift a baby's chair But I have smitten temples down, And stripped the despot of his crown. All hbut my first give culprits pain, And is a most unwelcome strain I But if they will our good laws slight, M'y wlole proclaims, " It perves them right." tho CURTAILMENT. E. JoaNsoN. D0- the 1lal letter of a word. leaving another word.) 5-tately lily. pure and fair, You with anyan can compare' Lifting up firsb glorious head, on are lovely, all have said. But lily dear, beware of pride; aVtch the violet by your side, Growing there around your feet, Oh, so modest, fair, and sweet. Hiding 'neath those shady leaves, Its sweet scent borne upon the breeze, .Vecenotsee it, but can smell nud we all do love it well. We love last too, O lily fair,- Aat are thc stateliest flowers there; oat, lily dear beware.cf £ride- ,epy the violet by your side. . WNA GRbAHAM.
META.OMEGRAMS. (Change the first and last letters of a word toform another word.) 6.-She wandered by the brooklet That cantered o'er the leas, 'tbb first the coal-black rooklet Sat cawing in the trees 1 And from a music brooklet She sang sweet melodied. The tan.yard's fragrant essence Was wasted all about; She felt its gentle presence, And took her kerchief out. And her sensations telling, She stopped the vents of smelling With many a pretty pout; The While*so graceful tripping Where de iy leaves were dripping, Her pug was rouiid iie chkipping, With a muzzle on his snout. The fairy frogs were croaking Upon the marshes brown, And chimney.pots were smoking Serenely in the town. The stump-tailed colt was neighing, The rhubarb leaves were swaying, The ass was softly braying Upon the heathy down. Ere long, the next, grey gloaming Went rippling round the trees Where Mary Ann was roaming I And gltil$ o'er the leas 'he ring-tailtd vtasps wvre homing With various bumble bopie. And 'mid the muslin clouds The stars came out in crowds, And sparkled like fusees; Above the mountains soon Came up two.thirds of moon, Looking extremely red. The while the breezy blast Went gently vapouring past, As Mary Ann at last Went sveetly home to bed, D. Gow. 7.-Now, Sphinxites of both sefes, rally around, And let every pen set to work I Misses Arthur and Rendle we're sure will be found Seuding firsts. (They wereue'er known to shirk.) And Ctuildon and Adcock, and lust, all so smart, Will agitate dabh diaphragm, In singing in praise, fromt the depth of each heart, Of the meta-omegram I And, oh, sweet friend Marion, if you will butt deign To give us your gifted assistance, We'll pray that for e'er may your brilliant reign Continue, and ne'er know resistance, For if you'll bestow but a tenth of the aid That you give to our dear dusgram, Then a name to be envied will quickly be made Sot the meta-omegram. S. FIRANsLIt AND G. H. PERRT. CENTRAL CI4AtA (ES. (Change the central letter of a word to fornl rinother viord,) 8.-I stand beneath the window of my darling once agaif, To sing to her those tales of love once more; The grass is damp, I've got a cold, in fact I'm full of pain, And, through warbling, my throat has got quite sore. But still I take up my guitar, and tune my thrilling song, And plaintively sing, " Come down to your Mick, And place your pretty little head upon my breast so strong, Whilst I whisper tales of "--- Oh, who threw that brick P My hat is crushed, but not my heaft-my love is just the same, And 'twill remain the same, i swear, for eve r; 'Tis not discouraged by a brick, though thrown with truthful aim- Such trifles would npt cause our love to sever. But come to die d'. - catch cold, because the grass is damp, And bring with you a good stiff glars of grog; For if I stand much longer here, I'm surb Ifl get the cramp; But what is that P Good gracious, here's the dog I 1My todusetes flrs are torn, my love-in fact, I'm full of _Ptlis r, And I am stiffeting such dreadful pain g Bit let youar father's bull-dog come and chew me if he . chooei- i'll always love thee still, my Mary Jane. B~it next, my darling, I must go-say good night to your uingqr, Although to dtop with you, my love, I'd rather ; Ah, yes, I'd liage longer, but I must no longer linger, Because I hear the fotitdteps of your father. J. FRANKLIN. 9.-She stood upon the salt, wet strand, An old, worn eye-glass in her hand , Her feet were bare and brown ; Her face was wondrous sweet and fair, And from her head hung golden hair, In tangled masses grown. She watched the waves, whose frosty crests Contrasted with their deep green breasts, And crashed with sullen roar Upon the beach. They laved her feet, The damp wind kissed her face so sweet, As she stood on the shore. Above, the sun in splendour shone, Its rays fell this young maid upon, And, lo I the deep blue sky Seemed like an ocean, vast and still, Subservient to the Maker's will. Each tall cloud rolling by Was like a wave-fierce, tall, and strong, Borne by the fierce wind-gods along In awful majesty. She lifted her awe-stricken head ,To where the souls of righteous dead Repose beyond the sky. A fisher first approached now, And stooping, kissed her fair, white brow, And clasped her in his arms, The next her to the humble cot, Where joyfully she shared his lot, And hallowed with her charms. W. KorLER, Camberwell. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion,and transposition, but leaves a perfoect word after each operation.) 10.-A female in my first appears, You all will surely own; And one been seen for many years Unto you there's made known. Curtail the same, and backwards read, The sex is changed, I vow; It's just the same if you behead, I think you will allow. Now knock off head and tall at once, As I did stand at first, And surely, if I'm not a dunoo, SIts just the same reversed. Belonging to sex feminiun-- Believe me, this is truth : A girl's name I shall then define- 'Tie neither Jaue nor Buth. Strike off my tail, place on a head; No matter what the season, You'll find what there is left instead Ia quite bereft of reason. J. T.
\ DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.) 11.-Three brothers (named Tom, Dick, and Jim), One lovely afternoon, Went to the riverside to swim, One lovely afternoon. But as they neared the river's brink, Said Jim, " It's getting cold, I think; And look-the sky's as black as ink This lovely afternoon." 'Twas very hot when they set out That lovely afternoon; But now 'twas cold, beyond a doubt, That lovely afternoon. What could they do P With spirits damp The youthful three did homeward tramp ; Who knows P they might have caught the cramp That lovely afternoon I They found their overcoats at home That lovely afternoon, '·ben started forth once more to roam That lovely afternoon. But when they reached the river side (For that was chere the trio hied), The day's heat had intensifled, That lovely afternoon. " E'en now," said they, " w<'ll have last dip This lovely afternoon." And forthwith they began to strip, That lovely afternoon. But in the act they did refrain, For it began to first with rain, And so they all trudged back again That lovely afternoon I Aacnna B., Kentish Town. 12.-U sidmb'fing angler, by the stream That murmurs soft and low, No madding crowd dieturbs thy dream, But soothing zephyrs blovw. A primal book is by thy side, A clear sky overhead, Before the glassy stream doth glide, Around are green fields spread. The sportive lambs and bleating sheep, Released from last and fold, No longer at a distance keep, But seem to grow more bold. The " finny tribe" seem lulled to rest, Lulled by the singing brook, For none the tempting bait molest, None dread the hidden hook. Stretched out at full length dost thou lie, Thy rod tied to a tree, With face turned to the azure sky, Which seems a distant sea. Lol I approach thee I Rise, my friend I A better watch, come, keep, Fish from the sky will not descend, Wake, angler, thou dost sleep I J. W. TAYLOR, Mllddlesbraongb. 18,-As if from a sleep I just lately awoke, This rhyming arena to view; Anid though in Y. F. I next now never spoke, I hope to be welcomed by you. Your riddles I fear I do not understand, But firsl for the knowledge I yearn ; And if you will meet me with grasp of the hand, I'm sure it will help me to learn. I'm really caught fast in sweet poetry's net, But in it will passively stay, If all the kind friends in the " Tourney" I've met Will welcome my hearty good day. I trust by good fortune to greet you once more, Which surely will be a great joy; And if you will pardon my striving to soar, So high, all my strength I'll employ. F. ELLIs, London. 14.-My while will show a quadruped, Behead, I am a grain; Behead, I am a substance hard That will dissolve in rain. ANNIE SmITH GREEsLET. OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word i clans-ed to form another word.) 15.-Nature's on a holiday- Never was such lovely weather I So hot it is the hens won't lay, And eggs and milk go bad togethei. See the lambkins dance and skip, See the birds that dash and flutter ; Bee the pimples on my lip. See the oil run from the butter ! See the jlst trees quiv'ring boughs, See the grass shake, blithe and lightly, Hear the lab'roUtr's muttered vows- He is cursing-very slightly I See the sunbeams as they dance On the ever-laughing water ! Jones must pay rent in advance, And it's now much past the quarter I See the languid children sport, See the ball so laz'ly shied up I See the spooney couples court- Ta, ta I " Tourney" I my ink's dried up I P.S.-Hear the groaning Ec. Tell me that last rhyme was seedy; Hear him last me stand in dread Of his mandate. Yours, J. D. D. J. D. DUNNING, London. 16.-I have often been charmed in the spring's flowery morning By the voice of the thrush when it trembled its note, Or the song of the lark, when to rapture returning, It flooded the air with the strains of its throat. But more charmed have I been by the voice of a maiden A maiden who tempers all seasons with glee; And delight was my first when I last with joy laden A song she sang sweetly, so sweetly to me. And I thought-happy thought-how most noble her notion, When my ear caught the wish she expressed for my weal- 'Twas not fame, 'twas not wealth, but, more worth my devotion, 'Twas honour she wished me to hold and reveal. And though I may fail in life's grave trials set me, I shall e'er find an aim with the thought of her song; And to know in the Right she may still not forget me, Will help me to conquer and turn from the Wrong. T. NixON, Dudley Colliery. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 17.-In prinmals and finals You will surely see Two attractive portions Of the Y. F. P. Cross WVordts. My first denotes a kind of grain; My next a game at cards much played; My third a pronoun often used; Myfouarth tells how a thing is made, Miy fifth denotes with what to write; My sirth's a solid often seepn; M ay ist's a famous hattle fosght, Of which you've often heard, I ween. GoAHsAwg.
DUAGRAMS, (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word. 18.-Alice, I have loved you long', I have loved you as my life; I have landed you in song, I have sought you for my wife, Listen to your Toby's woes- Life at best's a weary march; And I'm longing for the close, For I find you can't make stareb, You possess a lusty voice, You possess a wagging tongue, And it makes my heart rejoice When you leave your songs unsung. Oft you mix me cooling drinks- Mix them when with thirst I parch; And I often " stops and thinks " How sad it is she can't make starch. Think of collars first and soft ! Think, oh, think of fronts ae4n cualfs I've been thinking very oft Girls are either nexts or muffs. Sorely now against my will Down life's dreary path I march; Alice, dear, I love you still, Even though you can't make starch. G. A. JoNas, Liverpool. 19.-Oh, ye whose great xmbition in An Editor to be, Just listen to experience Ere courting misery. The stories we can wrestle with,' Though we receive full many;. They help to fill the vast P. B., And sell two pommnds a penny. The poems, too, are welcome here- They form a sweet diversion; And sometimes, if it's not to first, We file one for insertion. Each day come hosts of letters,. Both flattering and abusing; But all containing " questions," Some serious, some amusing. "Did Cromwell fight at Waterloo ?'" " Was Beaconsfield a Rad ?" " What has a shorthand clerk to do P'? And " Why are the sea waves sad ?" " What day comes next Shrov,e Tuesday on?" " Who first played on the flute ?" "Did Adam go to boarding school ?"' "What size is Gladstone's boot ?" "Is there no tax on midnight cats, Who nexot melodious notes ?" " What date will June the feconud be?" " What price are billy goats'?" " Where can I buy a guinea-pig, And will it cost a guinea?" " Was Joachim an auctioneer, Or was it Paganini ?" Enough l From what I've said you'll see It is not always fun ; And, taken all in all, our lot Is not a happy one. E. L. HOLLOWAY, London. 20.-Some people think that Keut is rich and fair ; Su do I. They think that in it there are beauties rare; So do I. They seem to think that she A garden is, and we, Her sons, are Britons free; So do L Some people think our paper vastly good; So do I. They think that this ought to be isadrstood; So do I. That each one last we see Should try his best to be The first.most in the " T.;' So do I. They think we've got some jolly riddling sons; So do I. They think that they eclipse our absent ones; So do 1. In fact, they all do say, As each one sings his lay, "Bright riddling stars are they;" So do I. J. G. N`IHOLLs, Miltom, ACROSTIC. IA wordor words, formed of the initial letters of other words) Foundation Word. 21.-What men have striven for, and bled, and died; Some think it is the key to happiness; And some have themselves everything denied, And are content that they it might possess. For it men have forsaken friends and home, And journeyed far across the ocean wide, In other lands and countries strange to roam, With people wild and lawless to abide. Cross Words. His bones lie buried 'neath the burning sand, But yet his name shall still remembered be, While Britain reigns so glorious and grand- Queen of the earth and ruler of the sea. 'Tis seen careering o'er the desert plain, Distinguished for its swiftness and its size, Pursued by unrelenting men for gain; To rich and proud its feathers are a prize. See him soaring in the sunny sky, Pouring sweetest song upon the air; And the soft gush of his melody Quickly banishes each thought of care. How it sparkles in the radiant sun, It is a costly gem beyond compare; And it will be worn to-night by one Who to me is fairest of the fair. IVANHOE, Belfast.