RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CENTRAL DELETION.
1.-Hark I those shouts, those peals of laughter, Of the children, as they play Hide and seek in woods so shady, On this bright and sunny day. 'Hind the trees now peer the seekers, Through the bushes now they burst, Till their shouts and merry laughter Loudly prove that they have first. Now the children pluck the flow'rets- Flow'rets fragile, pure, and fair- Weave a wreath, and then entwine it In sweet Mandie's golden hair. Maud, of whom all are so second, With a bright and smiling face, Takes the wreath from 'mong her ringlets, Puts it on the head of Grace. CoscontRA. CHARADE. 2.-That second is great is extensively known, Yetfirst i' admitted far greater; For second is merely the child, you will own, And first is the pater. Were it not for my first, then you clearly must see My second we'd not be possessing; And if we'd not second, it surely would be " Tarnation" distressing. To sit in the total and read all the day Is undoubtedly lazy, but pleasant. And now, as I've done, au revoir I will say For the present. F. W. BINSTEAD. ROTATION CHANGE. 3.-With serene determination, Sit I down to write a con.; Price's popular Rotation Is the one I've settled on. Would I were as first as Biustend, Then you'd sing your admiration; As it is, I fancy, instead, You'll deride my small Rotation. Would my fame would next as quickly As the fame of Kitchner third ! But just now all smile so sickly, Calling my attempts absurd. Coulson, can't you spare a little Of your intellectual talent ? Then I would not care a tittle (This, please understand, is gallant). I am sure the fifth of teachers Would not have effect on me; I'm the silliest of creatures, And, suppose, must always be. Everybody tells me there is No mistake that I'm a duffer- Oh, that I was with the fairies! They would never let me suffer. You who've fourth Pegasus boldly, Riddling poets, who's to blanme ? Turn, oh, turn not from me coldly ! Pity, pity GESSaEYNE AIME. MONOPHONE. 4.-Sometimes, when a maiden has frowningly said, " The idea I" with a dignified toss of the head, The heartbroken swain has retired, with a feeling Of sadness just flavoured with ire; And pride will not let bim return with his story, Or speak to the lassie again con amore, Though for him at her feet to be plaintively kneeling May yet be the second's desire. Alas I a young man should with bitterness hear The cool " Well, I never I" or cold " The idea !" When perhaps a return and another proposal Would cause Inui her red lips to bless. Try, try again-the ldi proverb, remember, For time makes a .J une of the coldest November, And then, though her shyness she constantly shows, all Her " No's" may be first to a" Yes." II. C. PRICE, Soltbhwrk. REVERSION. 5.-These pastimes for the clever Do fortify the mind; Mysterious links to sever, The answer for to find, Doth soon dispel the hazy, Unenergetic mood, And, perforce, makes the lazy Digest this mental food. If good this recreation, What must its authors be ? Men of whatever nation Their virtues great should see. And yet a riddler famous, Who often writes and well, In name reversed, doth shame us, A fearful curse doth tell. So find his name, good readers; It is not to his blame That strife between States' leaders Is embodied in his name. CATnAL, Dublin. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. Foundation IVords. 6.-In primals very quickly you Will trace an English river Another one in finals view, Ye riddling friends so clever. You who in puzzling do delight, Now rack your fertile brains, sirs; Soon will the answer greet your sight, And thus reward your pains, sirs. Cross Words. For mute or quiet first's a word, As you'll soon be descrying; A lady's name you oft have heard In second be espying; A kind of eulogy or praise In fourth you'll find, if witty; And third will quickly to your gaze Reveal an Austrian city. A kind of grain, ye riddlers keen, For fifth you'll be exposing; Hurtful, destructive last doth mean, As you will be disclosing. And here my little puzzle ends; I have no more to say, sirs. So now, I think, dear riddling friends, I'll wish you all good day, sirs. S. W. HAYES, Worcester. METAGRAM. 7.-A nobleman that's to be found In dear old England, I'll be bound. A useful animal, I trow; Its name ye knights do surely know. Third is a man of wisdom great; I want you now his name to state. This means to grin or faces make, When I do it I get a shake. Last is a very common drink; From taking muoh I hope you shrink. BRamn Baou, Ballymena. CURTAILMENT. 8.-When I am done the game is won, Whene'er at chess you play; Cut off my tail, on board a ship You'll see me any day. Once more curtail, and near your door I'm often seen to lie; Curtail again, a parent then You surely may descry. MEPEISTO. CONUNDRUM. 9.-Imagine yourself, on a hot, sultry day, Drinking brandy, hot whiskey, and rum, And roasting your back by a good kitchen fire- What animal would you become ? L. K. SOWDOa, Reading.
DECAPITATION. 10.-There once was a hero who played on a fiddle, And this hero he lived- What's amiss with this pen P It's scattered a nice little blot o'er this riddle. And this hero he'd first to a mountainous den. Oh, bother the pen ! Yet I'm bold as a lion. Asbold- Why, this ink-well is choked up with slime! Now, what rhymes with lion ? There's nothing but iron. Oh, Goldsmith and Steele take such nonsense.like rhyme I As I've said, this bold hero he lived up a mountain, But why, my dear riddlers, is more than I know. Confound that ink.well! There's a nice little fountain Of blackness about o'er this paper to flow. This hero one day-what's the matter with this, now ?- Went out for a walk, spite of rain, mist, and rime. Now, what rhymes with this, now ? There's something amiss now (So there is, by my sword-I mean pen) with this rhyme. He strolled up the mountain, all up and all round it, Till he came to a cave, where began he to dig For some treasure supposed to be buried. Confound it ! Here's the venerable pen nib a-dancing a jig. i Now, the second I lost of this wretched effusion, And, alas I ne'er again shall I find it in time. Now, what rhymes with effusion? Oh, horror I-con- fusion. Bravo, Tommy, my boy, that's a beautiful rhyme ! Well, as I have said, this bold hero he strolled up The mountain, and there saw a queer-looking elf----- Hullo ! the last's over this con. I must fold up And leave you to finish the story yourself. Though I cannot rhyme well, you'll perceive I'm a poet; My cons. are so striking, so grand, so sublime. Now, what rhymes with poet ? Oh, bother I Oh, blowit! The Editor take such nonsensical rhyme I T. CarsP, Leyton. CURTAILMENT. 11.-Hark I! hark I 'tis the roll of the drums. " To arms I" loudly echoes the cry. " To arms I for the enemy comes. Let your flag proudly second on high, And onward to conquer or die l" The cannon belch forth living fire, The musketry pours its death streams, And battle's dread din rises higher, Whilst the blood-reeking bayonet gleams, And the sun on the field proudly beams. "On! on I" loudly rings through the line. " Shall Englishmen primal and blench ? Shall the sun on your cowardice shine ? Retreat i Bear your flag to yon trench, And die-but yield not to the French I" Night falls, and the battle is done; The smoke curls in white wreaths o'erhead. Old England a vict'ry has won; But the moon doth her silver light shed On the myriad, pallid-faced dead 1 F. R. CouLsoN, Bow. METAGRAMS. 12.-1 claim attention with the utmost deference. Your dictionaries, friends, may claim a reference, So please to take a word which meaneth preference. These sea-kings oft were spoken of as coarse men, And seamen, as we know, are not good horsemen; And lasts were designated as the Norsemen. This puzzle's done by changing head each time, sirs, As altering the word called slime to clime, sirs, So any metagram will be a rhyme, sirs. That verse above was for those who don't know, sirs, The way to make those puzzles out, and so, sirs, I thought I would explain the way to go, sirs. NON ONIms MorAna. 13.-One's heard of Guy Fnwke', and of Gunpowder Plot, And the wonder would he who had not, had not; But now a new tale We'll tell without fail, Of two boys yeclept Joab and Jonathan Green, And of whom no one's heard yet, we ween, we ween. The twain were two brothers, as you might have guessed, For in just the same style they were dressed, were dressed ; And oft they'd appear In each other's " gear," With only a first to distinguish between, Although oft with Joab's first John wasiseen, was seen. 'Twas on a Saturday afternoon, by-the-bye, That Jonathan some powd",r did buy, did buy. " Come, Joab, let's away; We'll have a display." So Joab became second, and looked all around, While a hole John did make in the ground, the ground. When John was all ready, a third Joab applied, For with thirds Joab himself had supplied, supplied. But now there's a shout- " The farmer's about I" Too late! In the horsepond the two Greens are cast, And a terrible cold they both last, both last. THE BaOTnHEs D. ARITHMOREM. Foundation tWord. 14.-A member of the feline tribe, Swift-footed, sly, and sleek, Who, when the shades of night do fall, Its evening meal doth seek. Cross Words. 150 and ehbe A blood-sucking insect; 160 ,, ee To surpass or exceed; 50 ,, wo A bird of the darkness; 1,051 ,, epnepr A small flowering weed; 550 ,, rfea A king of the Saxons; 55 ,, are To fray or entangle; 600 ,, ea A fish of the river, For which people angle. AGRIPPA sND ASPEN. MONOPHONE. 15.-My little first is busy, His garden is his care lHe nexts and weeds and trains his flowers; Few with them can compare. The nexts are so delightful, It really is a treat To walk around that garden, My first keeps it so neat. EMMA J. GRAY, Camden. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 16.-The Indians have captured him. Alas I they all unite, boys, In yelling out their cries of rage. Poor Tom I he dies to.night, boys. But see! we can his bonds untie His guards are wrapt in slumber. Quick, now, my lads, undo the knots That do his feet encumber. \\'. D. PICKERINCG, CHAR ADE. 17.-" That isfirst ncrt. What do you think P" " I'm sure I cannot say." " If 'twas, I think they'd tftal give, And keep folks out the way." R. GRArr.