PDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS. j the frst Vo letters of a word to form another word.) Ss, : otn'nla nrrnv friend.
]-,iI ll that is good, my friend, Be yours to-day; Wishes that have no end, Primal and gay. Even though year by year We may be parted, dear, Still will I prove sincere, Happen what may. Should sorrow stern and grim Darken our way, Bring tears our eyes to dim Day after day, Then will I prove to be Strong in my loyalty, Faithful and last to thee, Happen what may. When this fleet life is o'er- Passes away- When on another shore, Friend, I would pray, Safe in that brighter land We might together stand, Firmly clasped haud in hand, Friends still for aye ! MAenIons TAYLon, Birkenhead. ,_-I heard a streamlet babbling to the trees That o'er its waters their broad shadows cast, Of its great journey to some unknown seas, Mighty and wondrous, it first reach at last ; And how upon its bosom it would bear 'Ihe fleets of nations, all their wealth and pride; Yetas it spoke, strange murmurs filled the air, And wept the rushes by the streamlet's side. watched a river.as it onward sped By ruined towns, and broken altars grey, And fallen towers, and cities of the dead, In silent wondering on its lonely way. Ilooked again, ere yet the shades of night Had wrapped in sombre darkness sea and land, No wave I saw, no glancing streak of light- The stream was nIxt amid the desert sand. IN-EZ. PRE CE.OME GRAM. angethe last letter but one of a word to form another word.) Why are you sitting there, you little bird, So happy, to judge by your twitter ? But is it not folly to try and be jolly When all seem so worldly and bitter ? You sit and you sing in this forest of brick, With columns of smoke o'er you looming, Oh,it seems such a pity to first in the city When hedges and flowers are blooming ! Bat surely you never have seen the green fields, Living hero in the gloom and the shadow; You can't last the riot, instead of the quiet And freshness of woodland and meadow. Bat, there, 'tis most likely you think without doubt This seedy back garden most good land; If so, little sparrow, fly off like an arrow, And just have a peep at the woodland. Bat, no, you would rather live here in the town- Asa bird of the woods you don't stick up; For you care not a stiver for woodland or river So long as there's crumbs left to pick up ! IH. A. TAYLon, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE PRECE-OMEGRAM. an the last letter but one of aword to form another word expressed iu'tle narrative.) 4i-I should like, when the summer has come, And the little birds sing in the trees, To leave all the noise and the hum Of the town, and inhale the sea-breeze; Or to walk by the banksbof a stream In the country, and watch its bright flow; Of my glad, happy boyhood to dream, And to think of " the days long ago;" To gather the flowers by its brink, The blossoms so wild and so tree, And of their sweet fragrance to drink;- Then happy indeed would I be. But 'tis useless to talk so absurd, For I know I'm not likely to go; So each evening I shall, 'pon my word, Sniff the odours that sweetly will blow From the shop where is sold the fried fish, And my health I am sure will improve; If it doesn't get on, as I'd wish, Well, I somehow don't think I shall move. And the stream, with its ripple and flow- Well, a plug's often up in our street; And as to the real stream I can't go; This is like it, though perhaps not so sweet. I've some grass in my little back yard, But it's eaten, as soon as it grows, By the cats; you may well say it's hard, But allow them I must, I suppose. I've some flowers, too, in a glass case, And although they are useless to smell, IMy apartment they certainly grace, And I think that must do just as well. So with just these few blessings contout, I will firmly resolve, like a man, Never more o'er my lot to lament, But as happily live as I can. Jo-Hiae, Lambeth. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Sfirst letter of a word is changed, to form another word in the ilurratnve.) 5--A Jubilee, a Jubilee ! Shout, hout, ye happy people; rown with your yells the crash of bells From many a city steeple. Shout loud, and louder still, ye mob, Your love and loyalty; For lusty shout and ringing cheer So well befit the golden year Of our Queen's Jubilee. A Jubilee, a Jubilee Of plenty, peace, and progress- At least, the rogues of demagogues Aver 'tie so; and no less Shoald every loyal heart believe The words implicitly, And still support, through thick and thin, With ready faith and ready "tin," Our royal Jubilee. A Jubilee, a Jubilee I Aund think not I am flouting our merry game when I proclaim El wise awhile to shoutiug, n I whisper to you al That some enchanter's magic skill WVould sned me off to sleep until fter the Jubilee. E. A. C'aosan. at CONUNDRUM. ersat i the dhfference between a sailor and an Iker at an auction p-Ca ., a- silonLL,
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of thi initial letters of other words.) (( Foundation Word. 7.-The courtiers gathered round the gorgeous throne Whereon he sat in primal glory crowned; Upon his brow the golden circlet shone, Flashing its dazzling rays of light around On the assembled multitude, who came To pay their homage and their reverence due To him who gained them such a mighty name, And did the path of victory pursue. Men who had glory won, and stately dames, Glittering in the splendid robes of state, Mingle their voices with the loud acclaims That the great monarch's crowning celebrate. Cross Words. There he's sittius on a branching tree, With pretty form and bonny, twinkling eyes That glance on all about him saucily, And yet with glance so wise. A place delightful, where great gladness reigns- Nothing but things all beautiful are there; And wand'rers think of it when cares and pains Are theirs in worlds less fair. They journeyed onward through the gathering gloom, When, horror I there they saw an object white; Then, fancying that they had met their doom, Thev quickly took to flight. Springing flom branch to branch with evil look, It chatters, chatters, at a dreadful rate, Now gazing at us from a leafy nook With eyes that glitter hate. She was so beautiful, so fair, divine, That every comer worshipped at her feet ; And if her matchless eyes on them would shine, Their rapture was complete. IVANSHOE, Belfast. Fotundation Word. 8.-In the woodland solitude, Where the merry streamlet foams, We, with mission high imbued, Bloom within our sylvan homes. Cross W'ords. Applied to matters of conl orce; Sometimes a stain, and oft a curse. 'Tis dearest to the poet's heart; May its sweet cadence ne'er depart. This word means two or more combined, To live together kindred kind. A vicious and a slipp'ty fish, Making a most delicious dish. If you this beast infuriate, Be sure he will retaliate. Avoid it, sir, we ever should, Though out of it oft cometh good. .Have you ever heard its bleating When the orb of day was fleeting ? All do this, but some folks rue it, And some'll not let others do it. Sweetly refreshing is one glance Across this turbulent expanse. J. LineIG AND V. D. TAYLOR. Fountdalion lVord. 9.-Oh! beauteous land so full of Nature's gems, What cruel fate is it that still condemns Thee to be torn with scenes of bitter strife, Which in the end must sap thy very life? Cross Veorde. A creature full of life and fun You may observe in number one; And what some people like to do Is also seen in number two. Then if you'd only please to find A bird that's of the pstrich kind, You'd have before you to a T What stands in place of number three. In any place of great renown- The country or the busy town- This number four is used by all, No matter be they great or small. I'll drink your health in number five, That you may live and always thrive; 'When I shall my affections fix, The object must be number six, And also number seven, too, At which I'm bound to say " Adieu." PUCK, Ballymena. Foundation Word. 10.-My whole a word For battle will name; In printals below You will find the same. Cross WVords. An insect of the wing That has a pois'nous sting. Of seconds I've two, And, friends, so have you. If you but look at this, To last you will not miss. G. BUChAnAn. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.! 11.-There's a lady in the " Tourney " Who has a precious list- A very precious list Of riddlers and dames that she Assures as would be missed- Is certain would be missed. She's marked among the quantity A certain humorist- A first-class humorist (i'm glad the lady thinks so; For others, with their fists, Have marked this humorist!) So to the gentle lady I every joy have wished (She called me humorist !). And, lady, though my doggerel Is always foggy-list, I never will be mist! T. RorsTON, Scarborough. META-OMEGRiAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 12.-To sing you a song I ain going to.try- There isn't a doubt about that; But primal i! 'm terribly timid and shy- There isn't a doubt about that. My accents are tremulous, falt'ring, and low; How to get through my task I am sure I don't know, For in finding a subject I'm so very slow- There isn't a doubt about that. To all would-be poets myself I'll address- There isn't a doubt about that; You must work with a will if you'd meet with success- There isn't a doubt about that. Look through and revise every con. that you send, Nor consider the time to be lost you thus spend, For 'twill amply repay all your paius in the end- Thee isn't a doubt about that. We are all very inext when in print we appear--. There isn't a doubt about that; But if unsuicessfnl, we feel very queer- There isn't a doubt about that. But we'll never let failures our spirits dismay, But ever keep steadily pegging away; * And if this we do, we shall triumph some day- n There isn't adoubt about that. C. F., BAlasE, Wood Green.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Change the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed In the narrative.) 1`.-I know a "perfect gentleman," One Moses Sitz M'Kentelman, A sort of Jewish Highlander is he; He deals in old barometers, Clocks, watches, and thermometers, Sells earthenware and matches, coals and tea. He practises sobriety When in his wife's society, But, out of it, he'll drink like any fish ; - Light wines we term superior, And spirits quite inferior, He'd drink for ever, if he had his wish. He bows to aristocracy, Shakes hands with the democracy, And smiles for all are ever on his face; He's Lib'ral and Conservative, Destructive and preservative, Or anything that's sure to win the race. Despite his wife's admonishing, 'Tis perfectly astonishing How often to the theatre he goes ; For, though he's so pragmatical, His tastes are quite fanatical, As well his wife, strong-minded woman, knows. He's dreadfully methodical, And scans his periodical With grim precision through from end to end; Anon he swears internally, Declares he's used infernally, And rushes off down town to meet a friend. But Moses Sitz M'Kentelman Is really a gentleman, For ev'ry Sunday sees him in his pew; He listens to the minister With countenance most sinister, Gives half a crown, and thinks he's paid his due. Pinto, Glas ow. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters eora word are transposed, and form another word In the narratlve.l 14 -The moon on the heights casts its mild, gentle beam, And over the waters there comes a soft gleanm From thy chamber above; The oars to my boat a swift passage impart, And bring me to thee, O my own dearest heart, My own dearest love! The river runs fast in its wild haste to be Caught fast in the arms of its lover, the sea- The sea vast and free; Then come to thy lover, whose arms wait thee here To welcome, caress, and guard thee from fear- Oh, come thou to me! See now in the heaven how each gazing star Expectantly waits in its station afar For thee, dearest one ; On thy wondrous form, on thy face divine, The moon and the stars will distractedly shine- Come, ere they are gone. The west wind's cool zephyrs float ceaselessly by, Conveying on light wings a fond lover's sigh, A fond lover's vow; Then list to my prayer-to my vows, love, give heed, And turn a fond ear to the sweet cause I plead- Oh, come to me now ! Ah, down the long pathway thy step comes so light, Thy presence, dear love, hath banished the night And brought fairest day; With thee in my arms, ab, what rapture ! what bliss ! To snatch from thy sweet lips the free-given kiss, My love for alway ! S. MILLS, Birmingham. 15.-Oh, the red rose may be sweet, And the lily may be fair, And no flowei5in green retreat With the pansy may compare; But I care not for fresh bowers, Sleeping through soft summer hours, Neither for the fairest flowers In rich gardens do I care. Yet one rose I used to prize, 'Twas a rosebud mouth so meek; I lovedt pansies-her two eyes, And the lily on her check. But I care not for them now, For did she not break her vow ? How ? I will not tell you how, For her shame I would not speak. When we parted in the South, Her cold lily cheek I kissed; And I kissed the rose-her mouth- Oh, that such rose should exist ! Then I took her by the hand, And another meeting planned. How could she my love withstand- My wrist's heart-throbs on her wrist? "Tell me," said I, " now we part, You'll keep for me in this spot Sweet flower love-thoughts of your heart- Oh, my love, forget me not !" She was false, yet promised-smiled: We can ne'er be reconciled. It is well; her heart was wild, And its thoughts were weeds, I wet. ARCHEa B., Kentish Town. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 16.-E'en in the lower classes we may find Men of a philosophic turn of mind. A tramp philosopher, the other day, Along a country road pursued his way; Wet to the skin beneath a heavy rain, He thus soliloquized, " Ah ! why complain ? When I have not had wherewithal to bay, How often I've confessed that I was dry ! Besides, this truth its healing comfort lends, 'The rain on just and unjust too descends,' For it will saturate the coats of all." Then, as he overtook an urchin small, Who held a big umbrella o'er his head, "First me, my boy, your family tent!" he said. " But, for your consolation, you may know Rain only causes little boys to grow. And then, my child, how many honest men Forget to last umbrellas back again When they have borrowed them -and I may, too, Forget to give this silk 'an back to you." Pa'erucx S., Belfast. 17.-I love to view the fields at early morn, In solitude on some sweet spot to stand; I love- Confound-ahem !--that beastly thorn So painfully reposing in my hand. Intent rn watching that most glorious sight, Sol sinking slowly into the far west; Intent on watching swallows in their flight-. I'm stumbled on a deuced hornets' nest. 'Tis sweet, when sunbeams dance upon the brook, To watch it rolling on, as thorgh aflame; 'Tis sweet- Oh, dash it, how my nerves are shook ! Another stone through my cucumber frame I Methinks when night has spread first dusky veil Nsexat every nook and corner of the lane; Methiunks- This subject's getting i'ather stale, So farewell, riddlers, 'till we meet again. A. BUTIER, Birmingham. 18.-A Christian name my first will show, Well known to you and me; SPlease change its head, aud then I know Another name you'll see. O. BosHEmn.
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the first and the first syllable of the second.) Triptich. 19.-Primal has respectful usage For ladies in good favour; Sometimes when uttered one might say It boded bad behaviour. First Word. I wander here. I wander there, I wander where all things are fair; I'm never easy in one place- I'm getting weary of my race. Second Word. Blest be the day and blest be the hour When final, my darling, was born; Blost be the plant that bore such a flower- May a cloud never darken Its morn. J. LaIaur ("SYNTAX"). NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAM. (Change the two last letters of a word to form enother word in the narrative.) 20.-Fair Luna is shedding her radiant light As clouds on their way are now speeding; Mruch pleasure I find when I gaze forth at night, Keen easterly winds never heeding. The moon's a companion, for when day has fled, She always is ready to greet me; My praises you'll doubtless excuse when you've read They've cut off the gas to defeat me. Oh, dearly I like, on a warm summer day, From city so noisy to wander, And look from some summit on Nature so gny, And o'er her famed beauties to ponder. The cool, limpid stream as it passes along, I watch with a pride next to hauteur, And listen for long to its musical song- They've stopped my supply of fresh water. And oft as I've passed by some labourer's cot, With garden well filled with sweet flowers, I've envied the owner of that pleasant spot To spend there the bright summer hours. I'd scorn, then, the lot of a king, howeo'er great, To always be free from oppression; I've got, I now think it is needful to stste, At present a man in possession. J. SToces, Lambethb. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form notlher word.) 21.-The room is snug and warm to-night, The fire is blazing finely, The log sends out a fitful light, The toast just suits my appetite, The tea drinks quite divinely. The wind is raging wild without- March has not left us, surely ! And every lirst is blown about. Phew ! close the shutters, keep it out, And bolt the door securely. Outside the bare trees sigh and strain, And with their naked tiegerse 1'crxt weirdly past the window-pane; Their sighing lulls my weary brain, And peace around me lingers. My repast o'er, I sit and gaze In silent meditation ; I love to watch the cheerful blaze, And muse on changid bygone days, And cast asile the care and craze That stir the busy nation. 'Tis now the many glooms of life, The little trials and troubles, Defeats sustained in worldly strife, When hopes and fears in turn are rife- Sharp stabs from Disappointment's knife-- Dissolve like broken bubbles. T. CARPENTER. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word, each letter of which is treatedl separately.) 22.-One-fourth of vine, One-fourth of dine, And then one-sixth of cattle; One-fourth of fear, One-fourth of year, And then one-sixth of rattle; One-fourth of born, One.fourth of morn, Will end this riddling battle. If these letters you read aright, A famous riddler comes to light. H. CARTER. ENIGMA. 23.-What is this name that thus I do present P He on a quest for long-lost father went; His mother, wily dame, prudent and cold, Herself from second marriage would withhold. Though many sought her, she them kept at bay By nightly cunning, and by busy day. The weeping son, on pious errand bound, Met strange adventures ere his sire he found. These form the theme of book by Frenchman good, Who thus a prince taught wrong should be withstood. To aid yea-further, if you me attend, This name is.noml de plume of " Tourney" friend; In the arena of the "Tourney" fight He aye appears-a very worthy knight. He knows me not, yet I his name know well, And fain would have him to me, curious, tell The reason why he should assume this name. Doth he self-likeness trace to hero tame ? IMADEIRA. CURTAILMENT. (Drop thefinal letter of a word. leiving another word.) 2t.-A man may suffer from a fjrst of wealth (Starvation follows, ruining his health) ; Yet if he has a last of gold rupees, He cannot suffer from a first of there; But if a rajah first a last (now heed), In India he's accounted poor indeed. A. J. Dicasow, Bootle.