RIDDLE] TOURNAMENT. M3ETAGRAMS. ,.nlae the flrst lotto"l of I''a I1'Ot form anO1hI r worst.)
'1ye riddlers, first my humble call, SWho in the " Tourney" shine, And blend your voices, one and all, To swell this song of mine. Avowing that, as time glides on And she is faithful seen, To guard still, whilst upon the throne, Our gallant riddling queen. Our loving queen I our loyal queen! May sorrow ne'er oppress her; And may she be from care still free- Our "Tourney" queen, God blel s her! O'er this our famous " Tourney " baud She hath been ruler long; And ever true to her command Has been each bard of song Until of late, when forth tlrre came A knight of sombre mien, Who vowed to rob of well-won fame Our gallant riddling queen. But let him rail; his plans will fail, And then how we'll caress her ! As warriors bold we'll still uphold Our " Tourney" queen, God bless herl Next were the cheery, welco me lays She sang us in the past, And plaudits full of loyal praise From raptured hearts were cast. Each one revered her, and with love In gladness did convene, And breathed a prayer to IHeaven above To guard the " Tourney " queen. Our loving queen I our honoured queen I May troubles ne'er distress her; May peace be found encircling round Our" Tourney" queen, God bless her! WILD BRIAn, Lamplugh. I.-Said Ito my wife when at home t'other day, "I am getting quite tired of our trade;" With our whistles we played unto thousands, I say, But no money have took, I'm afraid. This morning we played to the folks in the Strand (They told us we made such a row !), We played them of tunes quite the first in the land, Including the " Mistletoe Bough." Oh! for the " Mistletoe Bough !" Where shall we whistle to now P Belgravia-square was our next stopping-place (For we mix with the gentry, you know), But a footman here told us our steps to retrace, And applied to us names very low. We did so, although we considered it rough- In Barbican st:arted to play; iat a publican said that of us he'd enough, And a bobby soon sou t us away. With oh! for the " Mistletoe Bough I" Oh! weiere shall we whistle to now ? itisfortie unkind seemed to follow our wake, Yet still we kept trudging along:; And stopping at Stratford a lhs for to take, My wife then obliged with a song. Oh, sweetly she sang of those " bright fairy bowers" Where the dew of conte tment dot:h fa!l. But the crowd did not relish my wife':s vocal powers, lor some one commened then to bawl : "Oh! shut up that miserab!o row !" (We never go whistling tunes now). E. GEoRl, Camborwoll. 3.-She was tall-yes, very tall, First, the objeot of his choice; He was short-yes, very short, And he seldom heard her voice. Now he never gets the chance, And I'm sure you will not doubt it, leither will last ladies all Have aught to dispute about it; For one day he asked this maid- This divinity so fair- As he glanced up at her hat, If she found it cold up there ? F. PHILLIPS, Maidstone. 4.-I relaud's champion leads the " Tourney," V aliant and fearless is he in fight; A hero first when he second ye, N ever battling except in the right. H urrah, then, for the brave [vanhoe, 0 ur leader for aye through weal or woe, E'ermore may his fame continue to grow. T. WARD, Dublin. NARRATIVE METAGR AM. IChnge the first letter of a I'ord to torm another word, express:d ' in the n.urrative.) 5-,Kitty's bright and fla'hing glances, Kitty's eyes cf heavenly blue, Pierce my beating heart like lances, Pierce my bosom through and through. Dearest Kitty, darling Kitty, ;bas she is my only pat; Yet they tell me she will "sell" me- That she's only a coquette. Golden tresses all about her, B;ue eyes shyly raised to view; Who could shun her? Who could doubt her? Who could think she was untrue ? Lovely Kitty, laughing Kitty, Could not riake me sigh or fret, Could not grieve me nor deceive me, Never could be a ctquette. When I'm with my dearest Kitty All m- cares and sorrows fly; Nota man in all the city Is as blithe or glad as I. Thln my Kitty, faithfnl Kitty, With her eyes with teardrliops wet, Wi' ailliure me and assurten me She was never a coqieth'. Aclinc; boe:rit nd lrighli.t hliCs v 'ni:hld m uy hapless love att,t ; T.e and trust for ever baunissed "rome a sore and wounded breast. Heartless Kitty I cruel Kitty I Would that we had never met: Br I eare.d not and bewared tint Whetn they called you a coquette. CoTHUrouxus. VERIBAL CHARADE. " Word, eacllhletter of which is trealC I se anatWl.) .-I plucked a nosegay blooming swcct, Fit offering for my lady meet- Tlhe flowers conceal her ena me. One letter eachb will give, then to'd Is8 " Tourny " dame. whose henchman bold Myself I here proclaim. . The No.egaJy. lilets sweet and roses red, Thyme whose fragrance far is shod, Cacnttous striped and ,l v ; tigltonalt.te and heaarteutses bhiue. Sm~r'Y-ilital, octe sonic loser tret:
NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMEGRAMS. (Change the two last letters of a word to form another word In the narrative.) 7.-I have read and I have pondered O'er your interesting lay; I have read and I have wondered, Marion, at the words you say. For I did not think to find them Friendly in their tone and mild, But such words as leave behind them Rankling hearts and anger wild: Words of triumph and elation, Words quite heated in their tone, Words to stir my indignation, Tempt me to assail your throne. Oh. that they had been more heated- Formed to probeo, and sting, and smart! Then I should not be defeated In the object of my heart. For, while threats have ne'er alarmed me, Gentle words oft pierce me througu ; So your story has disarmed me, And I know not what to do. If I muse. " Shall I submit me ?" Much the thought affects my pride: Friends and foes alike would twit me, And my valour would deride. If I cry, " I'll strike for glory ! I will cross the tlbicon !" Comes before my mind your story, And my great resolves are gone. Thus in two my path's divided- One may mar me, one may make; Yet I still stand undecided, Hesitating which to take. M IaclIw, Birmingham. 8.-Tho curtain was up and the play had begun, Toe place was well filled, high and low; The villains were plotting to capture a maid, And creating no end of a row. " Ha, hal She is ours. We shall gain the reward For our pluck and our zeal," said one V.; " And then we'll set up in a small seaside town, And happy e'er afterwards be I" "List, she comes!" said the other. "Let's hide from her view, We'll capture this pretty young dear." " Ho, ho ! thou art right I Hide thy face, my old friend, For our victim's soft footsteps I hear." The villains secreted themselves from the sight Of the heroine tripping along, When the clumsy old prompter who sat at the right Did something most utterly wrong. He had a stage canuou-ball that he'd to hold,. When with a loud bang he it dropped; Then down a steep staircase that cannon-ball rolled, And at her soft footstep it stopped ! S. DE BEAR AND DROFFO. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two lett.rs from a word, lr wvig another word expressed in tae narrative.) 0.-Cothurnus, thou gallant defender Of what at one time was assailed, Thanks hearty and many I render, Now all for the right have prevailed. You came when true courage was wanted, And threw yourself into the fight, So Mercian, beaten and daunted, Went off in a terrible plight. When first you appeared in the battle With interest I saw your address, And said, " Here's a worthy knight that'll Soon make his way right through th prerss To the front, and I see you're beginning With bearing both courteonus and bold; And I know that the news of your whining Will give me enjoyment untold." To ride in the " Tourney " 's delightful, With foemen, and maidens, and friends; New ones to discern is a sight full Of pleasure that every week ends. There's room for them all, and sure each is Made welcome by many a one; And he who a friendly hand reaches Knows it is a worthy act done. You have coupled my name with ' knightly Young writer of vigour and skill, Who in the great " Tourney" shone brightly Whenever I first took the quill; A friend of mine, though I've not seen him; Companions-wo never have met; For all that, a bond there's between him And me we shall never forget. And now I must thank you, Cothurnus, For all the nice things you have said; When cometh the future we'll turn us With pleasure to what we have read. We'll ever, abreast of each other, Ride in the assombly of knights. And hail with delight such a brother Who courage and talent unites. IVANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (D:op the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrktive.) 10.-But a kis; and yet I thought Heaven was nearer earth; But a kiss, and yet I thought Every happiness had birth In the rosy lips of love. But a kiss, and yet I thought With a poet's power; But a kiss, and yet I thought Every blade of grass a flower When I kissed my lady.love In her fairy bower. But a brick, and yet I thought Shaking was the earth; But a brick, and then I thought Every ill and wooe hal birth In the howls that left my lips. But a brick, and oh I I thought Not with poet's power- For that brick had cn ume short E:e imn giniugs could flower, As fl. eling fancy shlips From its native bower. A. ST. ]ITCII AND TE i CLAcx PaINCe, ADDITION. lmAdd a letter tb the , o:l chosen to form anothelr word.) 11.-" The age of chivalry, though dead, Still lives in mem'ry dear," So sang a knuight, and, lo,)! the words Are ringing in my ear. And bid me fir:t and ,xt say viece, Pro .htiming through the landt Thie ags of chivalry still livei Within our trusty l)acd I Ah. Mr. Lee, I would prolong The echo of your con.. And sing an ever-nlorious song, And hononrs heap, upon Our " Tourney" heroes sta:uechl and true- (And you amid them stnldr- The age of chivalry still lives Within our trusty baud ! lMArnot TAYLron, London. CONUNDRUMI. 12.-" Tournament" ridllor;., can you tcll Why the lettt'r i is ke i ? Trr, li'rdoy.
MONOPHONES. (Words of dilerent meaning, but the same in sound.) 13.-Van Bung, youare wise, and you sometimes aro witty Pray toll me (oise some folk are always so green. That those from the co'ntry should be so's a pity : Is grass the reflection that in them is seen? Oh, nol darling Switzer, your surmise is awkward. For countrylolk fancy themselves clever birds ; Their tongues out as sharp andi as deep as a fork would, if only they pitched on more dignified words. Their hatlf-slaughtered English is plainly a token That inatellects large are concealed somewhere near; But where is the object of being plain.spokeu, When faces betray they've a fondness for boo-beer ? Oh I tell me, Van Bung, do you think they are fonder Of liquor that's red than the freshuess of air ? I've road that their hair is of redness a wonder Ia some; do you think that the fumes mount up there ? Dear Switzer, whatever can be your intention ? You're asking me numberless questions this morn; Although 'tis not seemly, I'd just like to mention Your hair looks as though it had long been unishorn. But why should you seek a reply to your puzzlo By passing your hand through that long matted hair ! I'm certain that stsff which they pour down the" guzzle " Has (s)oft made you foolish by mounting " up there." SWSITZER AND YAN BUNG. 14.--I love to hear the birds all blithely singing, While each from branch to branch so lightly hops; I sometimes love to see a brickbat winging, But that's when I'm not near it when it drops. I love to linger near the rushing river, And watch the broken timber sailing by; I love the breeze until it makes me shiver, And when its warm I love a mutton pie. I love to watch the stars come out and twinkle, Unless it's time I had retired tobed; I love to hear the watch-dog's chainings tinkle, In case he's safely housed within the shed. I love the man who never wants to borrow, And to his friends' assistance always flies; I love the dun who says heo'll call to.morrow, I love him when he burns his claim, and dies. I love the youth who reads this con. and sniggers. And lhe whose lip in true contompt is curled; I love the one who here as riddler figures, And shall do till I leave this wicked world. Tap, B. P., Menchester. NARRATIVE REVERSIONS. (A word which read ba:ckwenrts forms another word ln tile 15.-Many a timeno I carried lance In this our " Tourney " gay, And now the old, old longing comes To tempt me to the fray. My gallant ridllers, I could tell Of many a hard-won fight ; Of heroes, long since dead and gone, Like lHercules in might, IVlten Gow and Coulson wielded pens As witty and as knon As over sRainud white foolscap bi ;ki: Now they're no longer seen. It racks my heart to call to mindl IsTy ,l.Ldrcs in c.,ii thi cm , For never now I hear t hael songs Of m:nrry, witty rhymoes. I took :, part in thelse old frays ?Among. our riddlers brave; 'Tw.s not a great one, I confess, llut still, I love to rave Of all my dear old friends in arms, Who nobly duty did In this gay page of riddling lore While I was yet a " kid." A SAINT oF OLD. 16.--I scill remember, very well, Those happy days of old, When through the green fields, hand in hand, With smy sweet Nell I strollol, And wandered up and down the glade, Among the brake and heather, With noe'er a thought of grief or care, When we two were together. Nell was the darling of my life, The ideal of my heart; And of ttimes as we wandered there We vowed that we'd ne'er part; And as we two together strolled, It was a perfect bliss To place my arm around her waist, And steal a loving kiss. But then there came a fatal day Which all my hopes did blast; 'Twas when I saw my darling home, For the first time-and the lost. For her dear old father-kind old man- At me di I throw a boot; 'Twas for good luck he did it, but Inside it was his foot I J. BIRRELL. TRIOGRtAM. (Ohange the first three letters of a word to form another word. 17.-Since Schneider and Broad Arrow first appeared upon the scene, In our dear old "R. T," scores of imitators there have been; But it isn't very often that a riddling poet tries To beat his previous record 'neath another dark disguiso. Well, my friends, this thing has happened, as I now attempt to show. When I once start on the job you can't bamboozle me. Oh, no I Now, friend Andrews, from your visage I will tear away the cloak, And put an ending to your piisatl, final little joke. Who Boozle an' Raharty are I've recently found out, And I am certain that I'm right without the slightest doubt; For Boozle is Bob Andrews, O'Rahartv's name is Will. Friends HIercules and Andrews, is this not a bitter pill? My task is o'er. The deed is done ! So now away I'll go. Look out, ye masters, for the cloaks away from you I'll throw; No norls dei pluse I'll tolerate within our Riddle " T.," With one exception--that's the one that now belongs to me. SItu lAaIate oLADIt THE MILDmKWEvD. LOOGU I1iPH. (A wtrd which may be tltsatosi as as mussagram, decaLpitatlont, dIle- tion.and trausposition, but lotves o a perfect word alter each operation.) 18.-A well-knowi river first; transpose, Part of a rifle 'swi!l disclose; The letters once more cnis.terd aright, A gowun of state will b :o' to sight; Once more trauspo;sed:l, Its vicw is b1irsht A mast who 'g i:st the English f'sght; Delete, tran.!,sos,. stnd now you ulnd A sphore or cir.'l?:; loft behind; The. letters chnstgehd ogain roven.al A thing that's done by those who ste.l; The same will also give the name Of one who'd fain wits "Tourney" fame; And now I trust each solving friend To solve my con. will condescend. ROBERTo, London. IIIDDEN RIVERS. 19.--The Univcrcity iostt-race w.s won by the Cam- bridge crew. The man p'eadesl very hn.ard indeied. You have brokeu a very val!ucble dish. Frcd entered the room at that inamont. EUl, pants' tusks are of great ralue,--C f. EB Axc a, London,
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITIONS. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form, another word in the narrative.) 20.-'Twas upon one Wednesday morning, when I'd gob dear Y. F. P., That I read some clever verses that gave pleasure unto me. They were signed Miss Nellie Watson, and therein 'twas boldly said That our gallant comrade Jo-King as Droffo was known instead; .And this merry little damsel gave to both of us such praise, That she almost set me thinking there was something in my lays But I know i don't deserve it, so Jo-King must take it all, Though sincerely I must thank you, miss, for all that you let fall. You have given to me courage to press onward in the fight; You have made me try my hardest to improve each con. I write. As to you, my dear friend Jo-King, all the kind things that you saidt Have a true and lasting liking for you in my bosom bred. To both maid and knight my wishes for good fortune I now send, And I hope that I shall with them many years in our "T." spend. Dltorro, London. 2L.-l,fore you all I mean to tilt, Whate'er may come or go. For any cause I'll shed my ink, And fear not friend nor foe. Just scau me well from top to toe; My shield is best block-tin ; Stoat armour made of lol,tar"e cans Enshrouds my noble skin. The helmet and the spars I bought Fifth-.h:md front a '" von Jow." My hereditary motto is, "I've got no work to do." Arrayed like this, I terror strike Into the weakest heart. Now will you let tue join your ranks? If not, I will-depart. E. FonsyrTH. TRANSPOSITION. (T;'anspos tIhl lotte, s in a word to form another word.l (To Sir Martla.tdo the ieoloed.) 22.-Ah, tol! and alas! and alack! Alack I and alas! and ah, me I "Spoiled sweetuots" I'll never attack- With my stomach it doesn't :agree, From marmtalade mildewed I flee, But the blood of the Ilill Darlo I'll spill! So I'11 fight you with ftr.s and with glee, Sir Marmny, the Dude of the Mill 1 Mrs. Gotham I've given the sack, ("Gotham's" Wel,t for New Yqork, tl'ye see ?) And i, " merrio old Einglao1" I'm b tak- How proud " merrie England" ,,htould be I Sing heboy ! for the lntd of the freto (British Isles or the States--as you will), Sing ho ! for the licking I'll gi't Sir Narmy, the Dude of the MI ! Witsh "chituney-pot" glossy anMd 1,l:ark. Sir knight., ?ot're a "nice cup f ,I.L " ! Your oohars kept nexst--that's a fL.c', And your trouseris n~'er bag at th. k-i . But in vain von will ouer a pil:;; For mercy. I'mu inntouws to ki!l A fellow called Time, sir, an -1 :he, Sir Mtarmy, the Dude of the Mill ! Old chappie. my brother saya he Thinks wu'd better make friends o'er a gill; Say, is it a light or :L " spree," Sir Marmy, the Dude oftilo lill ? Si ALta~r'Eit Do JJUGGNes, Liverpool. NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word whleh read hnckwatrd or ftr wards is still the same, cx- proesed i o ih, larrttivo.) 23.-See the " Tourney " knights engaging, See the " Tourney" battle waging, See the knights appear; Each one in his armour charging, Each one his fair fame enlarging, Not a sign of fear. Knights renowned long in story, In brieht honour's cause grown hoary, Still in fight advance : Ivanhoe, of Belfast city, Amberley, the blithe and witty. Face each foemn ''s lance. Nellie Watson, happy maiden, With her store of humour laden, Highest praise deserves; V. D. Taylor, braver, bolder, 'Neath the eye of each beholder Still his sovereigun erves. Yes, the knights as brave as ever, Still more witty, still more clever, Show their pennons here; Each his strength for Marion using, Bravely, never power abusing, Never showing fear. THE nIDDLEns' LEAGUE. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 21.-First was a second hold, By tongues have I been told; A pronoun, next, I'll tell; A pronoun neat, as well; Without my last the earth would fade, And death would never have been made. C. F. BLAcanKRN.