MRIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAMS.
g ohne ths rast letter uof a word to form another word) L-Tell me not, thou "'Tourney's " truant, That thou hait no time to write; We have seen thy veres, fluent, And thy pleasured mind and sight. But it may be that thou spurnest ,, Tourney's" pages clean and fair; yet if primal thou returuest, Thou shalt find a welcome there. Not alone this voice now raises Lauding thee-shall it be vain ? Thou hast heard the riddlers' praises Speaking of thy " polished strain." "Trust no future howe'er pleasanut," For the works of " Tourney's" page ; Write, write in the " living present," In the cause at once engage. Gow and Pickering remind us Progress can be made in rhyme And the future oft shall find us Reading works of youth's springtime. Springtime, when the flowers of beauty Seem to grow for us to wear; But whilst plucking, stern-voiced duty Gives the mandate, " leave them there i" Make haste, then, be up and doing, Final turn another leaf ; We are waiting your pursuing Riddles that may be the chief. EDITH K. RTNiDLI. i-Beside a stream, so bright, and clear, and blue, My first, together with my second, grew; Aud each of them, one tall and strong, one weak, Ban their short course beside that little creek. T. PAYN. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. hheanalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. $,-He wanders on the hills to.day, And marks each scene with pensive eye; The hedge with em'rald-studded spray, The herbs and finals growing by. But of the "healing plants," no one Can heal the wound within his breast; He can but trust to time alone To soothe his primal's wild unrest. Cross Words. Perhaps our Editor will take this hint, We'd like a first before this is in print. If he should treat our second with disdain, It maybe that we shall not write again. But if he should, we possibly might use A third, and then his valued life he'd lose, And that would cause a lot of next and pain, But all the grief and mourning would be vain. But we don't want to fifth with any here, We but desire to see this con. appear. The ordinary sixth at once will shout, "Why, anyone could make their puzzle out I" But there are last who know that it may seem IMore difficult than many of you deem. W. D. PICKERINO AND D. Gow. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 4-0 ye who sing in this our " Tournament," Spray you let first songs be ever gay; Un, sever wail in strains of discontent, And say that fortune seems to bar your way. If last a'e disanpointed, don't lament, but try again-you'll conquer " some fine day." And always let your songs be sweet, and clear, Polished and smooth, and pleasant to the ear. Bing not of shipwrecks, nor of death or strife, Although, of course, we know such things are true; But try to show the brightest side of life, SAd hide, if possible, its darker hue. 'Tisnot with misery that the earth is rife, 'Tie not all shipwreck on the ocean blue ; Earth has its beauties and its sunny climes, Life has its joys, its hopes, and happy times, 8. Woon. RETROGRESSIVE CHANGE. (Vtgthe letters of a word in succession, backwards, to form other words.) 5.-Within the merry "Tournament" My primals oft you see; Without their presence blank indeed The riddling files would be. On fir, or pine, your gaze please cast, IMy next you'll surely view. "No b, tany for us," you cry; To nature, then, adieu. Turn now to Euclid's learned page, The second there you'll find; Round is its base, a point its top- A solid body, mind. Unto the files to-day we third To join the famous band; But in past time, we fourth to them, Helped by the muse's hand. My solver wise, in last descry The prize for which we race' Ye "Tourney." knights, how grand to gain On last's bright roll a place. AGONISTEe. OEEGRAM. (Th last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) SeWhre, when our hearts are weary, sad, When thoughts conflicting sway our troubled mien, d sing phantoms sway our troubled minds, With mocking tauntof that which "might havebeen ;" O- afroom our troubled minds the thoughts arise ~fhwto fathom this too dark despair, Ad de l Pleasures sweet that others prize d dwell content ? Slow comes the echo " Where P" s ery the discontented. I would show nt.rarguments are totally unfounded; inessfO as one and all should know, itree to all-its linit are unboundei. a guidin~g >hel' in its direction, skteryour " echoes '" on the liquato vapouri Witl h , appiness's ibright reflection "n the columns of our Yoing Folks Pa1er. 'Tis surely there. EXCELSOR.u mONOPHONE. Words of different meaning. but the same in sound.) Now firsthte next upon the fire, Within the frYing.pan, Then set them down upon a plate Before the hungry man." Thus spake a certain lady kind ,nto herervant.maid, . Who isited the larder soon To do as she was bade. When she retured, she found the man Had vanished' clean away; Ad somnething else had vanmshed, too Prora off the breakfast tray. . . P. PnILFtIraI IMottingLIama.
ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-Welcome, ever welcome, is your captivating strain; With your merry cons. you never fail to please. Sing another ditty-we are listening again For your voice to float upon the balmy breeze. Cross Wod.s. I first my second when the " lournament" In all its puzz;edoi and meluriiueut Once more is see,--when many a third young knight Steps forth in warlike vanoply so bright, Next glittering sword in hand; and then is rife The contest of my fifth-a peaceful strife, But yet how keen and e-iger ! As for lire Each uspirant contests the field to.day, With highest hopes to gain the crown of bay, On every hand I see the tried and true- Oh, long-loved ones, we never tire of you I And later friends are here to swell the throng. To all who puzzle, ere I end my song, Most hearty thanks are due. A last profound I make, and curtsey to the ground. LOTTnE W., Brighton. Foundation Word. 9.-Thou embryo laureates, work I And ne'er repine o'er thy mishaps; Duties, though hard, ne'er shirk, And 'twill be thine in time-perhaps. Cross Words. D ear to his child, G reatly so, if he's "mild;" O f this fruit I've ate, W ell, a lot, you may bet. W e have here a fish small, Enjoyed greatly by all; B at when last.ing you'll find B ones abundant-so mind. T. ROYSTON, Birmingham. Foundation Word. 10.-In Young Folks primals you will always see; When you have solved this you'll agree with me. Cross lWords. An animal in this you will view. A foreign country that's known to you. A boy's name is this I tVrow. A person to whom I hope you'll not bow. In fifi h a well.known novelist-you'll find. Important personage whom all respect and mind; Something that holy is will now appear; Now, riddlers, try to make the meaning clear. C. P. BASELEY. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word) UI.-" Hi ! hi I" Oh, dear, that was a run! I really am quite out of wind. No room inside I Oh, dear, oh, dear I Well, then, I'll have to stay behind, When walking in the pastures green, Take care no second is about, Or you may quicker o'er the hedge Go than the now proverbial shout. I really last quite out of breath- To riddle's harder than it seems. I've had enough; so now farewell; Dear riddlers, "happy be your dreams." SAMs SLICK. 12.-My first is a common expression; By common I mean to convey 'Tis a word, when you seek information, That is quite right and proper to say. Behead it, and quick 'fore your vision A word will that instant arise Which means an agreeable condition, To hold certain things for your life. I will ask you once more to behead; Now riddlers, dear, do not despond, For the word which is left you instead Means something of which we're all fond. G. ScALts, Limerick. 13.-Decapitate a number, Gaze upon it, then Ope your eyes from slumber; What! 'tis nearly ten. But yet I have not finished- Again take head away. Right I 'tis not now diminished! D'ye find it hard, I say P G. A. JONES, Liverpool. 14.-If you behead a number, reader dear, I'm sure that you will very quickly find A something which means smooth or level, sir, Will then, I'm very sure, be left behind. R. L. JEFFERSON, Holborn. 15.-My first we often travel in, and travel very fast; Behead me, and you'll find that cloudy weather brings my last. A. DYrES. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a word.) 16.-My first I will most surely be If this I in the " Tourney" see, Where wit is every week descried In language not to be denied. My lasts are very comnion things That many an idle youngster flings; And not till there is mischief done Will he leave off his so-called fun. Come, solve this riddle all who can: My whole will show to you a man Whose fame now reaches far and wide, And long shall live on Fame's vast tide. T. NIXON, Dudley Colliery. 17.-My first is surely not the whole, 'Tis less, so all of you will.say; My next will show a rise of ground; Find it as quickly as you may. 'Mong game which throng our little isle, My whole you easily can trace; The sportsman lo res Sepltember well, For then he "bags" full many a brace. DEMANCHES. 18.-To gain or allure is the first part, I ween, A pronoun for second put down; And now in the third a boy's name may be seen, (I hope you will not on me frown.) Unite these three parts, and without any doubt A girl's name you then can descry But if you're unable these parts to find out 'Tis you that's to blame, and not I. M. P. KELLY, Ballyhaunis, 19.--My frat pronounced a number is; though small This number will appear before you all; My next is what we all have got, and lo I When opened will a noisy member show.
Dear friends, I hope this bad rhyme you ll exese; My whole will form a flower of various hues. J. G. NroHoLLs, Milton. ENIGMA. 20.--When battle rages on the plain, And all around are strewn the slain, What makes the flash P What drives the ball By which so many worthies fall, Some sorely wounded, some to die? " It is I, it isI. Now in his,shop the chemist stands, . Pestle and. mortar in his.hands; If you observe him, you will see Him grind the compounds down to me For=thosp.who now in.sickness:lie, What them eani.aates, noz lets them die. Ft is I, it is-I .:. PATiicE 8.
NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 21.-We are going to write you some splendid charades, Some day, my dear sir, some day, And you'll day 'tis the work of two wonderful bards, Some day, my dear sir, some day. They shall tenm with original thoughts, and therhymes Sh:ili beat all in ancienit or modernized times; We shall ea;rch for ideas in hundreds of climes, Some day, my dear sir, some day. We shall beat all such duffers as Byron or Hood, Some day, my dear sir, some day, And will send you some cons. you will really call good, Some day, my dear sir. some day. We shall rush up Parn:ssus as though'twas but a stair, And when we arrive we shall take greatest care That none shall approach as or breathe the same air, Some day, my dear sirs, some day. How o'errated Lord Tennyson's been you will know, Some day, my dear sir, some day; For what true poetry should be to you we will show, Some day, my dear sir, some day. When we write for a journal its price will be raised, The public will o'er our productions go crazed, And stand at such marvellous genius amazed, Some day, my dear sirs, some day. W. D. PICzEaRING AND J. A. MAInsHALL. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in tigures.) Foundation Word. 22.-At many a riddling " Tournament" My primals well-known name I've seen; A noble, brave, and gallant knight, Whose cons. are witty, sharp, and keen. Fraternally I welcome him, The riddler of the " Isle of Green," Where mirth and wit shall never die, Nor poetry, where Moore hath been. Cross Words. 601 and gann At balls and parties often done. 555 ,, eeate Our spirits are next by merry fun. 1,101 ,, ne To cut, well, as small as you can. 56 ,, aralu These hills you'll find in Hindustan. 101 ,, enne Name of a n,oted ancient cretd. 155 ,, ore These are they who learnedly read. 5 ,, ayeh Burdens always are thiQ, I'm sure. 111 ,, seeer This leads us fatigue to endure. 200 ,, sear I'll make myself last. So friends, good. day. AtONISTES. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may no treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.) 23.-What means to prevent, if the centre you delete, An animal's left that in running is very fleet, Which when turned round a kind of grass you'll see; Behead, then reverse, and a river it will be. W. PICKERING, Bilston. 24.-First is a kind of animal, That everybody has seen; Second's an animal transposed, And whole was a painter I ween. W. KEAVENY, Birmingham. TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters In a word to form another word.) 25.-I took up Young Folks, number 761, And turned to ihe " Tourney " of genuine fun. I read every riddle, in fact, every line, Although as a star there I never could shine, And chuckled with glee as the name I did see Of Adcockalorum. The youth whose decorum In verse and in song is delightful to me. I know there are stars in the heavenly sky That shine first as bright as in days that are by; I know there are stars in the " Tourney" to-day, That shine on with quite as delightful a ray As ever did stars of the dim long ago. Still every droll son W ill welcome King Cole's son With all the dolat admiration can show. 'Tis known there is always a suitable niche To be found for a bard who with talent is rich; I know there is sometimes a next little nook To be found for a youngster who studies his book. To Editor, now if you'll kindly allow, Yours truly, T. Carpenter To, with his harp, enter The " Tourney " he'll make his ddbut and his bow. T. CaRPENTER. 26.-The sun its rays here fails to throw; Where all, so Pliny says, will go. AMnEa PICON. DELETION. (Drop a leter from the word chosen, leaving another word.) 27.-The first was spread with viands rich and rare, Right merrily the guests all gathered round; They were delighted with the luscious fare, And vowed its equal was not to be found On earthly ground. The banquet being o'er, right merrily They to the table lead a grey old wight; My next, who with his harp right cheerily Amused them the remainder of the night With music's sound. P. S., Belfast. CONUNDRUM. 28.-One night while at a party, Not very long ago, I was asked to give a riddle Before I had to go. So I thought me for a moment, And then unto them said, "Tell me, what part of London Is always in your head ?" They then all thought it over, But none could answer me, So they asked me what the answer was; But I was "up a tree." For 'twas not till that moment I found, to my regret, That the answer I'd foxotten, And have not got it yet. T. H, HUNT.