RIPDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE DOUBLE OMIEGRAM1. ....si to r..mn nnm m war dinti
, ýi - t e't lo-tte' itof1r W0 to f-,ru Iri olter word in [ @g site Iw o l t le itr narrativeo d to fru Izn oLl ter w ord in We shoot from out the little bay ' Tnlt spreads with ever-widening reach, And fast our spirits rise away, And voyager looks each to each ; Oars flsh with myriad crystals fine, Like silver drop they from the wood, And eyes are wild and faces shine As fast we part the pulsing flood. The sails are out, we shake them free With fulness of Boreas' powers; We rock our craft upon the sea, Her spirit seems to fill from ours. The sky is bright, our hearts are filled- Filled with enjoyment to the core, And thoughts of other thinus are stilled- We have our life, nor care for more. Anl so we dance along the wave, Wi h re'aring taut and vessel trim; By towering rook and hidden cave, With winged feet we onwaird skim; By leify grove and dim recess, \Vhre Nieht's dark curtain still is drawn; By f~,rels thalt the birds possess, By rising bill and grassy lawn. The glimmering limhts in myriads shake Aloig the clif.-implanted shore; And light and lighter grows the wake, As darkness falls our vessel o'er; The moon sails on, we sail with her, She fades into the waking sky, And as the sounds of morning stir, She dies, but yet we onward fly, We meet the sun upon his ground. Our sails are shinmmering in his light, And far away, and all around, The gaudy hues of day unite; And when before us he retreats, We follow, follow, follow on; And when the day with darkness meets, lie goes, but we are never gone. So round hbout, with airy feet, And brows alight with ancient fire, Among the glowing seas we beat, And, like the waves, will never tire. The world moves on, we ever move On fresh impulses of our brain, Anti till the pleasure fading prove, We ne'er return to land agtsain. IvAInOE, Belfast. MONO PHONE. (Wordsof different meanins, but the same in sound.) A TERRIBLE NIGHrT. (With apologies to PaEl lllartinetli and Troupe.) 4-'Twas midnight. "Big Ben" had boomed forth the 'lassttrose Ma lrst sat enjoying a nice quiet smoke; Ereretri .' to roost we'd determined to write Acon., though we hIlrdly knew whit to indite. eeneh sat s-date in a ricketty chair, Orleatnres o'ereast with a calm, thonghtful air; ntently we gazed at the fire burning Iright, Aborbed in the pictures wh;ch passed in the light- y,pictures so grand that n0, pen could p 'rtray, treves seemed to greet in fantastic: array. fersenses enthralleld, there we sat as though dumb, Util with a drowsiness quite overcome, Terysoon we were off to the land of "K ing Nod," Where folks never ask for the loan of a " bob," 1 where, if perchauce you are drowned in a stream, Tonwake, and with pleasure then find it's a dream. has peacefully sleeping continued we so, thmust havs been hours-but we really don't know- Then we woke with a start ! Where the dance could we be? lAh darkness prevailed, not a light could we see. We shivered cnd shook, though we're usually bold, for the firehad gone out, and 'twas bitterly cold; femarched for the matr'hes, but none could be found, _ertbe table then stumblet, and fell to the ground. oat Scott I what misfortune !--there, smash goes the lamp I le realize neat we're unpleasantly damp. Whatver can it he ? Oh, we know-'tis the bath liat the evening before we had plaoed in our path ; IThzay to stir, wv. had shifted it not, -AI th·r the reward that our laziness got. Wepicked ourselves up from i he cold, sloppy floor, Atd blindly went searching our way to the door, With the window collided, and smashed every pane, oPllout in the street, bumps and bruises to gain ; ierlled down the pavement right into the mud- 0moengry expletives were nipped in the bud; -Bmeared o'er with dirt from the feet to the crown, lYelooked most artistical "' studies in brown." oerow all our woes came a bobby in blue, Althe lieht of his hull's-eye soon brought us to view; en, shaking us gently, he told us to rise; eWdid as he bade us, then, to our surprise, 5e aid we'd been wanted as burglars for months, ntb him we ninst go to the station at once. 'tried to explain, with our mouths full of dirt, it Clipned the cwrong way, and we felt sorely hurt. Thtrd-hearted bobby then pushed us along, Thogh w. spluttered and swore he was doing us wrong. 'PO0hen at the station in time we arrived, lwiere there very soon of our freedom deprived, athrust in ia cel that was loathsome and dark, ohilst o.r Captors outside were enjoying the lark; Seuisaide, we were preys to the deepest despair, s"enes of our life seemed to visit us there; t thouebts wandered lack to the days of our youth, tunnmberless times we evaded the truth - c in; o lie, when from school we had stayed, ,Wil icg the toothache much havoc had played Tor' face; while instead round the corner we hied, si,."dla the marbles from youngsters we tried. Ths ituute by minute we waited for dawn- O5manlkiid before never felt so forlorn. tien at last it arried, we were placed 'fore the "beak," 0ha.e .vas preferred, be commenced thus to spelak: i p"e' f "en, it is clear to my mind that your sin Il keer by far than Old Nick's dirty skin; aefce is quite useless, those stories are stale, -iu go for a month to the Holloway Gaol.'" MORAL. ,ral dear friends, to this song we'll indite; li,, the future a con. you would write, l 'loare it till midnight, compose it at day- ... he saved all the troubles that fe'l in our way. E. GEORGE AND JO-WING, Lambeth. R{ARADE. Ilirmtdl oa a 'word elen qyll'ble.of whioh is a wvord.) .·-irst is a lady's instrument, I ccch used in warm- wecther; When FPnny to the last ball went, She took this silk ,ne rwich her. Idnnned that night the black silk hat That Brown gave uie on credit; 'Twas on ths last-k system that I was obliged to get it. Yoa'll say I'm half a madman, or Perhapsl a whole m:atybe; t ear with me, iud reader, for 'Tisstill a con., you see. II, W' r, Glasgow,
NARRATIVE BETA'RAM. (Change the secoi letter of a word to form another word, ex- preased in the narrative.) 4.-Your soft reply to Mler:ian dear iMarion, I admire, For reallv ede'y lin i seems full o' true p ,atib fire ; And ifs 'ft answers vanquish wrath. th rebel wvI1 return, And pl ad for pardon from the queen he once did try to spu rn. Flow worthy, dear, you are to fill your high and mighty post, The brilliant leader in the van of all our " Tourney" host I And, oh, how foolish Mercian was to think we should allow A ruthless hand like his to tear the laurels from your brow I At his base challenge all our ranks rose up in righteous wrath, To drive off and exterminate a rebel from your path; And as a proof, dear lady queen, that most of us were true, The largest number Mercian gained on his side was but two I But now that war is over, and once more we are at peace, I trust that joy and happiness with us will still increase ; And with a loud hurrah, we'll shout again and yet again, "Long live oar well-loved Marion, and joyful be her reign." NELLIE WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two lntters of a % %rd to for,m another word, ex- pressed to the narrative.) 5.-Friend Johnnie, late last night I sat me down to write A con. for you to finish for the "T.," But I regret to say I could not write the lay- The re -son I will now tell unto thee. Just as I found a theme on which to write, a scream Of " HtIurder !" rang out clearly en the air; And as I heard the sound in the street, I ran and found The noise was only made my wits to scare, Dear friend, 'twas most unkind to treat you so, but mind, You're not the only one that's served the same; One night about the fair I found a subject rare, And really thought that it would bring me fame. But as I commenced to write the child turned out the light, Which caused the theme to flee from this poor bard; I boxed his ears, and, oh, that youngster yelled as though Ten thousand cats were squalling in the yard. Just then his mother came and treated me the same, Which made me dance and cry aloud with pain; And in my rare, T swear, I raved and tore my hair, And vowed that I would never write again. But I've discovered 1now I cannot keen my vow- A con. I've just indited, so I'll send It off at once with glee to dear old Y. F. P., And sign it, with best wi'hes to each friend. J. LEIGH AND A. A. DYKES. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word which read h'ckwarde forms another word in the narrative.) 6.--He stood and gazed, a most intense expression OP pure delight suffused his manly face, Her's was indeed a lovely, queenly figure, Which any kingly palace well might grace. He gazed enrapt on the sweet lines of beauty, And cried, enchanted, " Now I've found my fate, I'll pop the question, for it is my duty To get a lovely wife to share my state. He knelt before the fair and beauteous stranger, And told his love in warm poetic tones That thrilled with fire, and offered her his hand, sir, With all his wealth of gold and precious stones; And said that long he'd worshipped at a distance That sweet conglomeration of what's fair (That was a fib, for he had never seen her Before that day, nor known her beauty rare). She answered not his loving protestation, But still gazed on him with a cold, calm smile; I-IH swore he'd raise her to a queenly station- She made no answer to this loving wile. He seized her small white hand-'twas cold; he shivered, And looked more closely into her fair face; Then he recoiled, with all his feelings withered, And turned, and seized his hat, and left the place. And now, dear readers, I'll explain his conduct: The lady that he loved bad heart of ice; But no, I'm wrone, she had no heart at all, sirs, For she was built of wax, although so nice. She was a figure in a waxwork show, sirs, And be a stranger from a distant land, Who was deceived because he did not know, sirs, How she was made, until he seized her hand ! HERCULES, TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letto's in a word to form another word.) 7.-Oh, say not in these merry days No gallant knights we show- No witty knights deserving praise; Ye riddlers, say not so l Oh, say not that we've not bold knights, First wield the mighty pen, And in this journal burn their lights; You will not say so, then I Oh, say not that we are not strong, With Philo for our king; For he can burst in witty song, And teach us l.t to siug. RAEBEDS AND E. J. SCIIOFIELD. 8.--T7si is a kind of ornament To deck the mantleshelf ; Transpose, and now 'twill represent What misers do with pelf. R. WATT, Glasgow. 9.-A weapon of war Please to transpose, An animal th"n I'm snre'you'll disclose. C. E. BAjetA r, London. NARRATIVE META.-OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narratlve.l 10.-I do not wish to know too much Of things beyond my humble ken, Though my desire to probe is such As might he born in several men. Then tell me if an infant young, Whoet brief has been its taste of life, Withoutt mouch danger to its tongue Can " cut " its molars with a knife ? From sleep research rise up and show How Knowledge may her friends anoint, For I am almost mad to know The truth up ,n this second point. I pray you d, not ask me why I.seem thus full of simple crazes- Did lindley Iturray make a tie Between dog "days" and ditto "daises" P 'Ti. idle to invent a cause That could explain by lucky chance, Why I should brelak Decorum's laws By this display of ignorance. I plead the truth, of which I'm fond, And say Ijust "desire to know," And this explicit phrase beyond lThe keenest oven msy not o.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) l.--Have any of ye riddlers got a friend who is a singer, Or, rather, who imagines that his voice is pretty good ? I have; and how I'd like to give that follow such a etinuerI He is lhiger much than I am, and is stronger, or I would. Oh, the agonies I suffer when his squeaky voice is snunding I All the nightly serenadings of the cots arein the shade ; When once he starts for hours with yells our domicile's resounding; I can tell you many blessings (?) when he's practising are said. He's very fond of singing of "sweet butteroups and daisies "- "Down by the Wishing Well" is, too, a favourite attempt; I'm certain I'm not wishing well unto his many crazes, I wish he'd stop in "marble halls," of which he says he's dreamt. "The Death of Nelson" he rolls out, and thinks he does it splendid; I'll be the death of him before this year has rolled around; He sings about sweet (!) suicide. of misery wall ended- Oh, when will mine have ended ? when shall I some peace have found ? Alas, alas! I'm fearing I shall always have to suffer- Shall always have my life disturbed by idiotic airs; Oh, who. oh, who, will rid me of this ballad-singing duffser Before his vile attempts have rid me from my earthly cares P I'll go insane, I know I shall, unless 'tis quickly finished, Oh, hang it all I the follow lnst is starting up above; And by the sounds I hear I first his pow'rs are un. diminished. The feeling that I've now for him is certainly not love I DROF.O, London. 12.-The weather I the weather ! 'tis always the weather I But now when we get first and sunshine together, The clerk has decidedly run out his tether, And so we continue to talk of the weather. "Ah, yes, Miss Raynd," says Mr. Barometer, " At this time last year I'm sure the thermometer Registered seventy and eighty degrees. And really just last one feels ready to freeze." "True, Mr. Barometer," is Miss Raynd's reply, "And I'm certain last month "-she alludes to July, And here for inspiration glances up at the moon: Then adds, " Yes, I'm certain 'twas colder than June." Then Mr. Barometer assures " dear Miss Raynd " That though to the clerk 'twas no use to complain, he Was equally certain 'twas warmer, 'twas-nay, Much colder now than it was yesterday. Then little Miss R. cast her eyes down, because Poor Mr. B. looked-well, what he was; And the young lady actually thought--did you ever? His stupidity's all on account of the weather. F. PIIILLIPS, Maidstone. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of it word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With anologies to " Dorothy.") 13.-Oh, Mlerciait mine, Be wise in time, Have a care, Pray beware, Do not dare Our queen to malign In language so fine. Have a care, For we ne'er Will it bear. Such words as yours we cannot stand In this the " Tournament ;" Your treason here among this band I fear you will repent. So, foolhardy knight, Pray turn to the right; Rebels here, Far or near, We'll not fear, But ever with might We'll crush them from sight. Queen so dear, Never fear Rebels here. E. N. HAmRus, London. (Air', " Tihe Shool at the End of the Street.") 14.-Ono day while with leisure we strolled through our kingdom. Enjoying a weed with the choicest perfume, We chanced to alight with the freshest of freedom Upon ah old friend from our Zuyder Zee home. We asked him all manner of questions and queries, We shook off his hand and we laughed in his face; We hoped all our people were happy as fairies. Yet nothing but grief in his looks could we trace. He told us our people were pining and sighing, No rest they'd enjoyed since we left their domain; We told this our friend, in a manner replying, " We hope to return to our kingdom again. SCHNEIDER AND IBROAD ARRow, Hades. 15.-Silver stars are brightly shining, Shining through the gloom of night; Brown's big dog is softly whining, And I'm robed in spotless white. As I gently ope my lattice, Clicks the hammer of a gun (Engine made to murder, that is)- Bang 1 the dreadful deed is done. Stormclouds hide the starry glitter, Brown's big dog has sunk to rest, Said good.bye to sorrows bitter That lay heavy on his br-chest. OLIvat KING. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. (Change the first letter o a word to form aniother word, expressed In the narrative.) 16.--Climbing the snowy Swiss mountains we roam, Free as the air (which is frequently chilly), Howling in glee as we draw near our home. Chasing the fleet-footed chamois and " billy." High in the Alps where the skies are so blue, and the snow white and pure as a sky-fallen cloud, Fearless and jolly like us there are few; and we're con- stantly yelling the call clear and lohdid: " Hillo i hillo I hillo.oo 1" Then list to the groanings that start from among Crannies and gulfs, and thus echo our song. Ont from the cottage built high on a slope Comes a wild welcome from parentcs and sister; This a sweet ending to venture and hope, This to our truebenting hearts a fond twister! Hey for the crib that is clear of the noise and the smoke of thie cities where o:hers abidel High in the Alps live the truest of joys, so shout we again-how it sounds far and wide !- " Hillo I hillo! 'hillo-oo I" And horrible groans straightway start from among Crannies and hollows to echo our song. SWITZER AND VAN BUNG. BURIED PROVERB. 17.-In all safe actions that you undertake, Bind bthem for ever toyour heart, then wake; Quite safe at home from every rising sin, Then youwiU find a newdr life begin. C, F, BLbAcgnrN,
rARRATIVE PALIBNDROME. (A word which read backwards or forwards is still the same. ex- predeed iln the narrative.) 18.-Shure, Barney O'Connor, the gay an' loight-hearted, Last we.k from this wickid lite departed; An' to do his wolfe a little honour, We all wir to the wake av Baruey O'Connor. An' if but enourh av yor toime yez can spare, Oi'll tell ye a few av thim as wor thre. Will, ye see, in the corn r set I anney l saginnes, An' close by his soide wnz his b;g brother De)is; Thin there wnz Billy O'Toole. Johnny O'Rafferty, Barney O'Flynn, an' Larry O'Flaherty, Alick M'Nicholl an' yonng Jimmy Burke, Cornelius O'Kane an' Felix M'Gurk, Patsy O'Ryan an' Peter M Cans, An' Micky Muldoon, the renowned solid man; Robby John Cush an' his two big brothers, Pt M'Quillan, an' two or three others. Av coorse, we hed each a purty colleen, Who helped us to swallow the dear ould pothecn. Whin we'd drunk as much as wnd go in us, A dance wus led ass by Danny Magi ones; But the fun that noight did not begin Till M'Gurk got a blow from Barney O'Flynn; Then O' Flaherty his part did take, But O'Flynn by a blow his cobbeen did break; An' from him fastly the blood wuz spillin', Whin up from his sate jumped Paddy M'Quillan, An' shwore by all the hairs in his he.d That not one av thim on his coat wud tread; But he got a whack from bould Alick M'Nicholl. An' in torrents the blood down his face did trickle; An' the last that wuz seen av Cornelius Kane, Wuz his heels goin' though the window pane. Will, this put a stop to the row that noight, An' they shwore one an' all that no more they wud foight; So eaoh buk a last glass for friendship's sake, An' that wuz the ind av O'Connor's wake. J. BrarnaLL, Belfast. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word which may be treated as a moetagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and transpoestion, but leaves a perfeo word after each oseretion.) 19.-Oh, riddlers of the "Tournament," I make to you my bow, My ingenuity so great to show unto you now; In writing onms. you'll find that i've a great propensity, My riddles often tending to assume immensity. As in the past I have essayed a riddler to become, I must uphold your honour, or for ever now be dumb; So listen now awhile, and I a riddle will expound That (please excuse the flattery) an equal's never found. The first word chosen unto you to illustrate this con. (Now, study hard, and you this word will quickly light upon) Portrays inventions mighty in the locomotive line, That since the time of Stephenson has ne'er been on decline. If you will now decapitate, what difference is seen I Oh, sad your fate if caught in this of late you may have been. Now change the letter number one-this word, I will maintain, In business means a profit that you scarcely hope to gain. Now kindly change again, and in this word you will descry Sensations which, perchance, have often made you moan and sigh. Delete a letter from my eourth, and then you'll have in view A scullery utensil that should be well known to you. Transpose remaining word, and lo ! appears a game of cards (Excuse unseemly length of con., oh, mighty riddling bards) ; But, a.h, there's still another word, and surely that's no other Than by reversing you will find an opposite to mother. E. GEORGE, London. 20.-A Scottish river, riddlers bold, BMy primal will to you unfold; Beheaded, 'tis of little good, Yet in the garden doth intrude. Again behead, transpose, and you Another Scottish river view; Curtail, and you hare for your pains The little French word thit remains. R. W ATT, Glasgow. DUAGRAM. (Ohange the flrst two letters of a wor.! to form another word.) 21.-The winter scarce was over, FPrst snowflakes tarried yet, When in a garden corner A little root I set. The friend who sent it promised That it would surely bring First fragrant treasures to me Before the the flight of spring. And patiently I waited As April last and went, And May taught every songstor A song of sweet content. And still I waited longer, I waited for the June, Anticipating eagerly That it would blossom soon. But then I went, unearthed it, And this was what I found- A stone, 'twas carved and painted As a root grown in the ground. Tenderly they raised him, What of him I had left, For all his bones I'd broken, And his head in two I'd cleft. E. J. SCorFIELD AND ' . A. uDE Bean. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 22.-Some people write quite first, I often do the same; When in a hurry, well, I nest, And so I end the game. C. F. BLACKBURN.