RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. PRECE.OMEGRAM.
(Change the last letter but one of a word to tfor another word.) 1.-All hail, New Year I May blessings spring From thy sweet birth; to serf and king Bright pleasure may thy advent bring, Till all the world is blest I May every heart be filled with peace, Let brighter comforts never cease, Give ev'ry weary soul release From pain and care-to rest I Though first and dark our road through life, Let holy actions soothe the strife; Then, let the way with snares be rife, Our vict'ry is secure. Let kindly thoughts inspire each mind, Let all in next a pleasure find; For goodness is. with love combined, A blessing safe and sure. Then ring, ye bells, a joyful song ; Chime forth your psvans loud and long To hail the Year-now young and strong- With notes of jocund mirth. May hope and peace pursue his train, 'Till mortals catch the glad refrain That floats from heav'n-an angel strain- Goodwill to all on earth l" F. G. WEBB, Southwark. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word.) 2.-With humble mien, I take my stand 'Mongst ladies fair and " Tourney " knights, Wishing so much to join the band Which, with wit rare, my mind delights. This is my hope, my wish, my aim, In Young Folks' "Tourney" to win a name. I read with joy the rhymes of those Who, with desires to entertain, A first of humour bright disclose Their verses next and wit contain. Let each one strive to make the "T." As bright a column as can be. The Waste P. B. has horrors great For riddlers starting to make rhyme, And often they've to mourn the fate Of cons, o'er which they took much time; But if our tasks we do not shirk, The Paper B. will lose its work. G. A. JoNEs, Liverpool. REBUS. No.3, TRANSPOSITION. (Tranepose the letters in a word to form another word.) 4.-In fancy I hear it again, In primals so sweet, clear, and low, And mem'ry brings back to my heart the old pain, While listening in awe to the fancied refrain Of the song that I knew years ago. Unnerved with the thought of my doom, An exile from home, friends, and all, While sitting alone in the gathering gloom- Alone with the shadows that flit through the room- Its lasts on my ear chanced to fall. 'Twas sung in a voice sweet and clear- The voice of an innocent child, Yet still it had power to bring forth a warm tesr, And carry me back over many a year Tothe time when I was undefiled. Once more I was happy and young, And stood by my dear mother's knee, While softly she sang o'er that dearly.loved song, Which I would repeat in my shrill, childish tongue, From trouble and sorrow quite free. But soon the bright dream passed away, And I was an exile once more, In dread of the shadow that over me lay, Regretting the deed and the ill-fated day That brought me to this foreign shore. MAIsON L. TALOR, Birkenhend. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another wordJ.) 5.'-Where the vineyard's purple clusters Hang on every slender bine, There the vineyard owner musters Hands to pluck the fruitful vine. Come the pickers gaily singing, In their rich, Italian tones; Through the fertile vineyard ringing, Hear their laughter-and their groans. Yes, 'tis so; the elder pickers First not of the clusters ripe: These grapes make good vinous liquors, But when eaten they can gripe! So the uninitiated, Who will breakfast, dine, and sup Off the grapes, are always fated To be rudely doubled up. Oh, the agonies they suffer ! Oh, the groans, and howls, and whines Of each disobedient duffer Who wvould purloin from the vines ! Hear the laughing parents' saying, In response to sounds of woe, "That's the 'fruit' of disobeying. Ah, Giuseppe, I told you so i" While the owner, slowly pacing Up and down to see the "fun," Next the groaning and grimacing Laughs as loud as any one. And the owner laughs with reason, At the sufferers who chafe, Knowing now that for a season All his grapes are pretty safe. D. Gow. 6.-MIy first is small, though very bright-- To best advantage seen at night; If you will now cut off my head, A green resort 'twill be instead. A. HEAD. Eastbourne. 7.--Dear friends, a river fish please name, Then kindly take its head away, And very soon you will display A measure--well you know the same. Irararnma.,
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words. formed of the initial letters of other wordsJ Foundation Word. 8.-I know thee not, philosopher or sage I I'll own thy greatness, but disown thy rage. Thy cold, unkind, censorious judgments rest Too partially within thy rugged breast. 'Twere better to reserve each bitter theme Than to dispel a fond admirer's dream; Too sombre, crabbed, uncharitable, and sour To e'en leave leisure one contented hour. Though silent, grand, majestic, princely, great, As man, you stood on earth's electorate Self-constituted judge of what was right- All met thy vision in the gloom of night. Cross Wl'ords. A hero sweet to every mortal tongue- His praise our modern laureate has sung. Eve tempted Adam, and poor Adam fell, As this sad emblem of his guilt can tell. Meet subject for our universal fears, When Mother Nature stands relieved in tears. A mighty capital to dwell upon- The birthplace of this unpretentious con. Fifteen summers rest upon his brow; For, see, my model stands before you now. A famous painter you will now review, Whose animals are known to all of you. Shrieking through verdant slopes and valleys wide, Defying in lofty scorn the wind and tide. T. W. KITCHNER, Camberwell. Foundatson Word. 9.-The primals of these lights will show, If you but place them right, A Young Folks riddler known to all, Whose cons. give great delight. Cross Words. A Christian name our first will be ; A jovial fellow, too, is he. A patriarch, of whom in Scripture we read, The founder of a mighty seed. There's thirdly Pickering, Price, De Bear, And many other riddlers rare. A fruit both plentiful and sweet, Which boys and girls delight to eat. A substance hard, by the sea 'tis found, So firmly embedded into the ground. A country that is rich in vine, And imports much of splendid wine. An instrument both sweet and clear; Enchanting it sounds to a musical ear. The next he goes in search of sport, And many a lively fish has caught. A bird that wakens with the dawn, And heralds forth the early morn. A beast of prey-in the jungle 'tis found, Where nothing but trees and grass abound. J. W. JO'Es, Lambeth. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which Is a word.) 10.-North, south, east, and west I fly; On I travel day and night; Swifter than the eagle I, Almost beating old Time's flight, Spreading joy, or hope, or fear, At home, abroad, afar or near. This a mischief-making elf is sometimes reckoned, Though mothers think there is none like my second, But, trained and taught the way that he should go, No doubt some day his truth and worth he'll show. In wind or rain, sunshine or snow, My whole you'll see where'er you go; Homeless, friendless, starved is he, Hand in hand with poverty. 'Mid the city's pomp and show, See him gliding to and s.o; See him in the palace stare Of some wealthy millionaire. Yet the same Hand formed them all, " Both rich and poor, great and small, E. BLAIR, Liverpool. REBUS, No. 11. NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word to form another, expressed in the narrative.) 12.-Two little boys (relations of mine) Were returning from school one day, When it happened that they chanced to meet A fellow on the way, Who with the youngest disagreed (Whose name, for short, was Will), Which ended in a fight, of course, Remembered by them still. And when the fight was over, Will, with a scratched face, Reached home at last quite safely, In very sad disgrace. I suppose he blamed the other boy When questioned by his mother, For, in his good, old-fashioned way, Thus said his elder brother : " There was no difference in them- They were both alike, dear mother; If anything, 'tias six to one, And half-dozen to the other." This Will did not quite understand, For quickly thus said he, " I'm sure there weren't so many, mother- There were only himn and me." F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham.
HIDDEN RIDDLERS' NAMES. 13.-I am sitting by the window; all is snug within, and still ; Ink and paper lie before me, in my hand I hold a quill. Now a few lines I have written-you can read them if you will. " You loitered by Jumbo, eh, merely to test His eating propensities?" said Mr. West, Guardian and uncle to the girl he addressed. " Ralph, I love dear old England, the land of my birth; No language of mine could describe its real worth; But I'd go with' you, Ralph, to the end of the earth." "George ran well," said Phil Raymond. " Ha! yes, he can run," Said his friend; " etill, he was by his brother outdone." AncunE B., Kentish Town.
NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a' word are transposed, and form another word in the narrativeJ 14.-We can bear to see the summer's bloom Depart, without a sigh; We can see the flowers we cherished All dead and scentless lie. We can bear to see the change of Time, As onward he doth move; And marks of care his footsteps leave On those whom well we love. We can bear to see our dearest hopes Fade swift from us away, Like blossoms in the spring.time sweet, That bloom but to decay. But, ah i should friendship's eye grow dim In one we prized of old- Should hearts that once were linked to ours All absent turn, and cold- Should those whom we believed were tried, Clasp hands with us no more, But gaze with doubting look upon The trusted one of yore- 'Tis then that life grows dark and drear, And sunshine turns to rain And hopes and fears, with smiles and tears, Alike to us seem vain. 'Tis then the heart that storms defied Will breal'the weight beneath, And the soul that breasted many a wave Look longingly for death. DEMsCHEs. HISTORICAL ACROSTIC. Gross Words. 15.-A battle fought between Cavaliers and Roundheads in Charles I.'s reign. A great and good Saxon monarch. The founder of the Roman Empire. The heroic Spartan king who fell covered with wounds while defending a certain pass. A battle gained by Robert Bruce in the reign of Edward II. An ablaphocian leader, who was defeated and slain by Philip of Macedon. A plot devised when Charles II. was on the throne. A dissolute Roman emperor, the successor of Galba, The city where M. Pocius Cato committed suicide. A favodrite of Edward II. A famous Carthaginian general who fell in battle s.c. 229. The initials of the foregoing words, taken in order, will disclose the name of one noted for deeds of arms in Queen Anne's time. L. C. MORETz, Nottingham. REBUS. No. 16. ----,---.- OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 17.-" Sing me, sing me the song again," I whispered to her as we sat one day ; " Sing me the spirit.reviving strain, So that first life-blood will surge and say : ' Only a song, but the rippling rhyme Stirs and stills my throbbing heart.'" And the birds were still, and the bubbling rill Rippled, and eddied, and flowed apart. " Only a song; but its strain may recall Mlem'ries forgotten by one and by all. Songs of the sea, Bringing to me Dash of the surges, blithesome and free ; Roll out the chorus, mellow and strong, Till the sea.strain Banishes pain, Borne without murmur, so weary and long; Let it be banished by-only a song. "Then "- But I placed a love-kiss on her lips, Laughingly, playfully stopping the song- To the fresh carolling causing eclipse, Murmuring: " Pardon next, love; was I wrong?" Then the birds brake out from the trees above, And I whispered, " All sorrow is banished by love." G. MANrwEATHERS. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-" Which of you little boys and girls Can tell where does this baby live ?" We asked of those who stood around; But not one could the answer give, Till forward stepped a little first, Who next that she the place could tell. " And are you sure you know ?" we asked, " Oh, yes," she said, " I do, quite well." " Then where is it ?" we gladly said; But, oh I our hopes were doomed to sink, For, briskly came the answer forth- "She lives with her mamma, I think!" ANNIE A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. 19.-The sweet smell of the clover wasted on the summer gale, That whispers joyous tidings as it speeds on through the vale, Life's chalice fills with sweetness and swells my heart with joy, That takes my fancy backward to the days I were a boy. And I live my past life over on the wings of fleeting thought- Oh, what a happy blessing that these days can back be brought With freshness to the memory ! and, though soon again they last, Their return has e'er yet first me with much joy look on the past. T. NIxoN, Dudley Colliery. *---~---