RIDDLE TOURNAMEiNT. BETAGRAM.
IChn'e the sedtl .Ietolur of a wurd to form another wnr.l. 1.-Hlave ever you noticed a handy small boy Mauufacturing vessel or cart? How entire:y his labour he seems to enjoy, tHow upon it he sets his whole heart! And theu,if success his endeavours hath crowned, WVh:at pride in his glance one can see From poles to equator there's not to be fount An urchin first happy than he. And why (Oes his plaything surpass in his eyes The rich toys of a Wettin or Guelph P Why deems he it better than mouey e'er buys? 'Tis because he has made it himself. Have ever yon noticed the artist at work On a subject which he reckons grand? What self-satisfied smiles round his mouth you see lurk. As he watches it grow 'neath his hand! How proudly he scans every shadow and light, Touching in here and there dot or line. And then, when completed, be takes a far sight, And pronounces it, inwardly, fine! Do you think for its iutriusre value he'd care, Or settle its worth in niext pel? Then if you should ask him for why, he'd deciuao 'Twas because he habud done it himself. Have ever you uoticedl the poet at home, As surrounded by volumes he sits Ina his snug little sanctum, while tome upon to:nme, Works of poets. philosophers, wits, He surveys with an air of proprietrship, Then arises, makes sure he's alone. And produce) a book. while a smile curls his lip, And lie stands next the others his own? Then why does lie conjure up vi:ions of fame, As he sees it repose oni the shelf ? The renson withl hint is precisely the same- Because 'tis the work of himself. EVELINE C. GRAY. CHIARADES. l'ol'nel on a word each syllabhle of which is a word.) 2.--This world of care I've wandered o'er Thrice half ai dozen years and more, And still, though troubles be in store, Life's worth living. Though exiled from my chiltdhood's home, And forced by stern decree to roam, I find that, spite of care's dred gnome, Life's worth liviug. Thounh forced to labour day by day, And watch a master's ev'ry way, I still can boldly, loudly say, Litel's worth living. First men are dlowncast, sad, and worn, And first with grief their hearts are tore, Let them remember, though forlorn, Life's worth livinig. If troubles second weigh you down, Be conquered not though dark they frown, But struggle still, and boldly own Life's worth living. And total mortals, poor and meek, Bend ow beneath the cares they seek, Teach them, however old and weak, Life's worth living. J. Husrt, Dundee. 3.-My first may recall to your mem'ry the dead, Yet is been in the eye of the living; And the gamester full often has watched it with dread, And a heart full of horrid misgiving. In a kingdom of letters my ,nxt stands so high That no rival above him can rise ; But with his twin brother in vain he will vie In the merit of being precise. No creature would choose to be sound in my third, Of subtle deception the prey; All avoid it who can, man, boast, fish, and bird, All but fools in the flatterer's sway. Come, find my strange whole, come, wife, son, arld daughter, Let us put Young Folks' wits to a stand; It expresses what no one can do but in water. Yet it rattles in mirth upon land. A. D. C. 4.-My first I posted to the lsf ; My sntx doth mean to stand quite fast; My whole, when read aright by you, Will mean when freed from doubt. Adieu ! E. W. PsxrrTT. 5.-A word synonymous with wide Put down for first, I pray; For next a portion of a house, Most useful in its way; Whole is a seaside town in Kent, Where Jones to spend the summer went. C. F. BAR En, Ramsgate. ACROSTICS. (A word. or words, formed on the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 6.--This riddler's bright effusions once Did grace our "'lournament;" In puzzling out his clever couns. I maniy an hour have spent. But now within our " Tourney " gay His name is seen no more; Let's hope that he will soon return, To charm us as of yore. Croso Words. " Sweet first," I cried, '" pure love for you I'm feeling; Accept it, while I at your feet am kneeling." One day upon the second we were rowing, Fanned by the evening breeze which then was blowing. Now, Tom," said cousin third, " do leave off jesting, And tell a story-one that's interesting." I had a startling fourth upon my way, sirs, Which I shall not forget for many a day, sirs. A storm came on-the rain poured down, And all around was dreary; But soon the last changed, and the sun Did shine forth bright and cheery. IM PRIMATURI. Foundation Word. 7.-In total-sparkling, happy city, The sweetest, brightest in the world, In which, a few years since (oh, pity !). War's gloomy banners were unfurled- Mv scene is laid; and not a better Could e'er be found in any clime. For, see, the subject of my letter Has from its charms secured this rhyme. Ci'oss Words. Our uncle primal came to stay With us young folks last Christmas Day. He brought from Cork some lovely toys, Nice dolls for girls, and nexts for boys. He taught us kindly how to next In church the gorgeous Christmas text. He showed us, hanging on the trees, The fourths, waved gently by the breeze. But when he last we cried with woe, We all had grown to love him so. F. 0. Wxtsn. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word Li the narrati'e.l 8.-Within a pleasant grassy vale Reposed a tiny lake, The zephyrs soft which o'er it swept Did charming ripples make. Some flne asparagus and kale, And good potatoes, too, Were growing in a garden which To.day we sauntered through. " She's sprung a leak I" the captain cried; " The water's rising fast." Our boats were swamped, and hope seemed gone, Baut succour came at last. S. W. H xxs, Worcester.
CENTRAL CHANGE. I'hanue the central letter ,f at word to form another word.) 9.-Hu maszed first o'e- the flower-plots. A, ,d d unetIoed with beat meC aical Th . window-sill, and marked the knots Of i'nstlng li ,ple, mnerry all. Swiftly would his expression change ;'lh'n iiited was the cliunking latch; And o't referred he to his watch, And muttered, " It is very strange !" He sadly said, " The day is dreary;** " He cometh not," he said ; He said, "' I am aweary, aweary, I would that I were dead!" Next he had writ. one dewy even, A lengthy poem-subject, " Hope," And posted it, with six or seven Stumps stuck on the envelope. .Cnfllicting thoughts him agitate, or, lo, ! two weeks have flitted by, And waits he now impatiently For th' sillage postman, who is late. lie only said, '" The day is dreary;" " 'the fellow's drunk," he sale. He said. " I amn aweary, weari, I'll punch his thick-skulled head!' A rine ! A footstep brisk and light Traversed the gravel-walk below. His weekly nmag. 1 His swimming sight S ance could discern the printed row. O Fate, be merciful, be kind To one as yet to Fame unknown ! He dropped the paper with a groan, And to the walls remarked, " Declined I" He only said, " The day is dreary;" " Declined with thanks," he said. He said, " I'll hide," with visage weary " My much diminished head!" G. TROL. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another eord.) 10.-The evening was second, and murky the sky, The lightning was flashing and billows run high, And crashed o'er a primal c>.reering along, The crew on her decks gaily humming a sonur For though it was stormy no danger was feared, As land shortly after they sighted and neared. But though they considered that danger was o'er (Alas! they hnd now to encounter far more), As on a huge sea the ship ro,:e, they descried Tha;lt rocks were appearing on every side; With horror they gazed at the spectacle, dumb, For they knew that a terrible moment had come. Their doom appeared certain, and heartrendue cr-- Now burst from the crew and were borne to tlhe srac The vessel tore onward-a crash and a shock! 1Her timbers broke up, she had struck on a rock. The crew 'neath the t:i.:ws had vanished for aye, That an hour be'ore were so joyous and cny. J. A MARSHALL. 11.-Across a broad and spacious lawn, With timid steps, there comes a fawn; And on the pure and bracing wind Is borne a first, of such a kind That next to look the fawn does make, Then one tremendous leap to take, And 'mid the thicket dense and wild To hide from view like frightened child. The huntsmen, eager for the chase, Dash on at once with madd'ning pace. The hounds have scented out the game, And with loud barks pursue the same, Nor halt before the thicket dense But plunge beneath with every sense And every nerve strained on the sport, With breath that's coming thick and short. Now 'cross a brook, now through a glade- Nothing yet the fawn has stayed; Does she but reach yon wood of fir, No hnutsman then can injure her. hbe knows in it are haunts of old, Where, snug and safe from huntsmen bold, She played, or cropped the herbage sweet, And ue'er had heard the deerhound fleet. Though tired much by the long chase, The lawn's still foremost in the race. Quick she clears the narrow space That separates her refuge place; A few more leaps, a few more bounds, And she's in safety from the hountds. E. MoROAN, Leytonstone 12.-A riddler once sat in the candle's dim light, The muse like a flash had come o'er him ; A large sheet of paper all spotless and white Lay temptingly spread out before him. He scratched at his head, and at last his eyes beamed, And wildly he wrote on the paper A metagram rare, that to his eyes seemed, In the ruddy glare of the taper, So powerful in first, and so soothing in strain, So faultless in rhyme and in measure; He folded it neatly again and again, To him it was surely a pleasure. But Satr:rday came and his con, was declined, And suddenly, that fatal morrow, His next heart was sad, and grief filled his vexed mind, When we left him alone in his sorrow. D. ScorrTT, Newtongrange. 13.-Now as I write I hear my first Come dashing on the shore; And as I ponder on its force, I second more and more. To take a place in Young Folks' pages I'll try, e'en though it takes me uages. H. FRASEa CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop aletter from the centre of a word to form another.) 1.-The spring sun poured his rays adown Through depths sublime, in azure steeped, With radiance the fair morning heaped, His smile defeating Night's dark frown. From Slumber's binding chain escaped, I speed me o'er the meadows green, Whose verdure lay, with dewdrops' sheen, In robe of sparkling lustre draped. Charmed with the fairy scene, I stray Amid the sweetly perfumed meads. Where'er my wand'ring vision leads, Till I behold a child at play- Now chasing a gay butterfly, Now seekmg, with a cautious hand, To seize some dewdrop, twinkling grand, Preserving first keen brilliancy. I onward pass, thinking how much That in the man beseems the child, How he next by some prize beguiled, That, as the dewdrop at the touch Of yon child's tiny finger fades, Likewise this cherished aim, when gained, Mayhap through years of toil attained, Doth half its lustre lose; as meads, When hazy distance lends its charms, In rich luxuriance appear, Which fades, howe'er, If we draw near, And each iond previous hope disarms. Reluctant, now I backward wend My way, this stroll to terminate. I glow with snimation great, As 1 this morning ramble end. D'A. R. TATE, Belfast,