RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE REVERSION. rd reversed, and beairs a different meaning in the (A wrdS arr~tilv .
I were only near enough, Sir iercian, I would tsand in friendship,staunch and true, which naught should ever re answered to our lady, and I see inbred hononr of your soul, the true fidelity. the first in all,our ranks who dared to call you that I tried to conquer you, full well, sir, you must know; rdyou defiantly, yet, Mercian, I was wrong, aw not then, you see, what knight had entered in our throng. nhoed you a rebel who was harsh, and stern, and bold, o uld recoil at nothing till he won the crown of oldut you mean and dastardly, lost to all sense of right, so I tried to conquer you in single-handed fight. to all sense of gentleness. your challenge I defied, noble knights and cavaliers all hastened to my side; l Queen Marion answered you in kindness-you were doel I thus she did what I regret I had not first begun. gentleness subdued your wrath, dispelled your thoughts of fame be usurper, and she quenched your fierce, rebellious soft, sweet words did oceans more than enmity could rought you to yourself again, and showed your colours true. enmity is at an end, the struggle now has past, you and I are both revealed, our true selves known at last. glad that you are honourable; there's nothing to regret. ept my friendship, Mercian; forgive me, and forget. NEpLLx WATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE METAGRAM. Sfirst letter of a rvord is changed, to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 2.-Rash impulse oft brings vain regret, And heedless wishes oft are met With stern fulfilment, sharp and dread, Which bfrings upon the wisher's head A host of troubles unexpected. Now, with this moral is connected The tale which follows on the page, From pen of well-experienced sage. A traveller, journeyidg far away ('Tie thus the ancient fables say) From man's dominions, and the sights Which there are seen, by days and nights Of ceaseless watching, care, and toil, Had reached at last Dame Nature's soil. For, far before him, smiling fair, Appeared a land of beauty rare; No foot of man had ever trod, Or mark of trade defiled the sod, Which lay in beauty, calm, serene, Arrayed in summer's robe of green. The stranger's heart was filled with joy, But to his sudden, sharp annoy, As thus inspired he ran with haste Fair Nature's laughing joys to taste, A river, flowing deep and wide, A passage to,the plain denied. He sought in vain, nor found a place, To cross, nda solemn grew his face. So having searched and searched in vain, And feeling disappointment's pain, He sat him down in mood distressed, And thus the flowinig wave addressed: " Fair stream, why dost thou cross my way, And spoil the pleasure of the day P If but a wish could make thee dry, Thou wouldst not flow so swiftly by." The ever-listening Father Jove, From high Olympian realms above, By chance this foolish sentence heard, And took the speaker at his word; For, as the traveller in despair Stood filled with chagrin, helpless, there, The river, touched by magic power, By quick degrees was sinking lower, Till dry its bed the watcher saw, And wondered at the potent law. But now, his wish being satisfied, His way to t'other bank he hied. Rejoicing at the barrier gone, He pressed his way most gladly on; Yet soon to his dismay he found That hard and dry became the ground; And he discovered to his cost That, all the river's moisture lost, The lately pleasant verdant wild In wealth of green no longer smiled. Arid and barren grew the scene, Where vegetation late had been, While soon the sultry tropic heat Began endurance to defeat. So thus, oppressed by pain and thirst, And in the pangs of death immers'd, He late repented of his madness, And look'd upon the past with sadness. W. E. CULE. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another worit.) S.--The landscape now is brown and sere, And cheerless to the view; And without doubt dull winter's here, With joys and pains d few. But never bead his frosty 'smile, Though dismal 'tis to see; The dullest hours we can beguile, So let us merry be. We soon may view'the falling snow, Or showers of drenching rain; And frosty winds may loudly blow Across you woodland plain. But then the sun will shine again, And hovering glooms will flee; So dreaming naught of care or pain, Come, let us merry be. 'Tis true we humble are in life, But better things may come' And chase away discordant strife, Which makes our voices dumb. And though we cannot boast of wealth, Nor yet of high degree, As we aire blessed with priceless health, SCome, let us merry be. It's no use grieving o'er our lot, as grieving is in vain; So let the past be all forgot, With its load of joy and pain. The spring.time may have joy in store For you as well as me; So, as we were in days of yore, Come, let us merry be. W7lLD Bant, Lamplugh. t-A Well-en own fish if you hange its head, , velle you wjtl nave iisead. . .';', B.fErite Hull.
DUAGRAM. (Ohanne the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 5.--Fly, foam, flashing white in the red of the sun going down, Shake free, thou wave-spirits, that winds in their coming unbind ; The rack of the even lies lowering, and sullen, and brown, San-shafts shoot across, and in sudden-made darkness they drown, And the day is pursued where the sea and the sky un. deflyed Are a stretch of the infinite-ocean and heaven in one; And the world is in darkness, whose silence is fashioned to chime With the boom of the ocean, whose voice is articulate time, And the speech of the bird-sprites that fly o'er the cliffs looming dun. Away where the land stretches far to the edge of the fell, The soul of the dark is at rest, but the wind penetrates With its deep-stirring cadences, soughing in billowy swell, Or sighing in softness like speech of a sea-fretted shell, Or mournfully wailing in first that the winter creates. The sky blushes red where the town-lights are glowing beneath A luminous veil spread across where the brightness is lost; Near, diamonds are strewed in the way-in the path of the frost, And gaunt-towering ashes are gemmed with a shimmering wreath. But out where the light beacon turns on the high-piled stone, The sea in the darkness is beating its waves into gold; A girdle of foam binds the breakers, whose fury is known By the granite-faced giant whose watch on the sea is alone. The Dog Star is hung where the South may its beauty behold, And Sirius gleams far above with a glitter of steel, And Orion swings in the ether with glory of light, While lamp-glowing Vega is poised on the brow of the night, And the sea-heart is stirred with a passion lips cannot reveal. The stars dimmer pulse, and then suddenly, fadingly go; The moon is of brass, lying still on the verge of the sky; The wind, fallen long, riseth not till the east-bud shall blow; The tide swings serenely, with ink-coloured wavelets, below ; The white-winged boats on the line of the far waters lie - The background of cliffs rises sombre, and towering, and chill; The world is impatient to start in new life from its sleep ; The winds are in ambush;,last shadows adown the sky creep; But the dawning is not, and dark lined is the crest of the hill. IvAcHoE, Belfast. NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (0hange the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 6.-When whiling away our existence One day when the weather was grand, My love stood away .in the distance, And writing some name in the sand; Said I," Though my money's not plenty," To Will, who lay at my right hand, " I'11 bet you ten dollars to twenty She's writing my name in the sand." He took me; I leapt off the boulder, And crept up on tip.toe to see; Until, with my nose o'er her shoulder, I saw-what was fated to be; For there stood my sweet(Arabella, An angelic smile on her phiz, As she scraped with her silken umbrclla- Great thunder I-n-ot my name-but his ! Toss. NARRATIVE BETAGRAM. (0hange the second letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) (To my r-espected triend Toss.) 7.-The Christmas rejoicings are over, And peace has returned to all men; Philander has revelled in clover, And lonely, of course, was his pen. Once more he is doing his duty, A pleasant though long-delayed task; A con. he must answer-a beauty I Whose writer is veiled in a mask. . Dear Toss, I was happy to see The con. you indited to me; It brimmed with a friendship, though new, Was most unmistakably true. 'Twas long ere Philander unclasped The hand that you wished to be grasped. Your friendship, the first that was proffered, Is dear for more reasons than one; And so in return I have offered The same in this poor little con. My brain is disturbed by the turkey I ate of so largely last week; These verses are dreadfully jerky, And vainly for Musa I seek. PHILANDER MUGn. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two lett ,rs of a word, Is Lving another word. expressed in toe narratlve.) 8,-Qh, Marion, Queen Marion, whose glory never fades, I come to do you homage from the distant land of shades Where dwell the gods-Ulysses brave, renowned in hist'ry's page, Zeus, Hercules, and others of the " old heroic age." I've heard the fame of Y. F. P. resounding far and near, So I,,the son of Bgeus, have dared to enter here; My chariot shall thuuaer through the "Riddle Tour- ney's" fight, My trusty sword is still sharp-edged, my armour still is bright; So if you'll bid me welcome I will try to make a name Like Ivanhoe, and S. de Bear, and other bards of fame. And though I'm but a novice, to uphold your cause I'll try; The motto on my shield is " May Y. F. P. never die."' Brave Hector has persuaded me to write cons. for you all; So, girded for the battle, I await Queen Mrion's call. TtESEus, Isliogton, ACROSTIC. (Aword.or words, formed of the leintal letters of other words.) Fondation Word. 9.-Clad in your tartan bright, and kilt, Brave " Tourney" knight, long may you tilt; And soon with one accord we'll sing, "All hail, all hail, to whole, our king I" Cross Words. In the mode of writing first All our riddling bards are versed, For neat pray state a female name; Backword or forward reads the same. When treos are bare and snow is seen, Third still retains an evergreen. Ip the midst of our "' Tourney" fight I seen this brave and gallant knight. A sweet vernal dower is our oa t, Tibe fjhiid 'When cold winter's past. ~~Rbsklt'~Rl) &i)n 1'AtbonscI
NARRATIVE META-UOMEGRAMS. (change the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) (With apologies to Philo, Glasgow.) 10.-You may search for a new star or planet; You may search for the source of the Nile, Or for the Philosopher's Stone you May search, and some spare time beguile; But if you prefer a good, long search, Please take the advice of this " bloke," And just search " the comics" until you discover A witty and really good joke. You may ride on a mule or a donkey Right over a mountain or plain; You may ride in a train o'er the Rockies, You may ride in a ship o'er the main; You may ride round the world on a cycle, Without either bother or fuss; But, oh I if you want a long, comfortless ride, Ride a mile in a penny 'bus. From the vasty deep you may call spirits, A call-boy may call what he is; You may call, if you've cash, at a buffet For a bottle of pop or of " fiz ;" You may call on a man for a debt, or Call out the brigade to a fire; But if you would like to receive a great shook, Just call some big fellow a liar. You may play on a cornet or flute, and With terror the neighbourhood strike; You may play the piano or organ, And e'en play the fool, if you like; You may play " blindman's-buff " with the girls, and Have kisses returned for a catch; But, list! if you want an idea of true play, Get lamed in a football match. You may write splendid essays and poems, And s ories of daring and nerve; But small is the chance of their bringing The fame which you doubtless deserve. So, if you would suddenly mount to The top of the ladder of fame, At the end of a cheque for a few thousand pounds Just write down another man's name. P. WYATT, Nottingham. (With apologies to W. S. Gilbert.) 11.-When to sleep you wish to go, As you're tired from your work, And to keep your eyes wide open you are trying, It is then hard to know That your duty you must shirk, Unless the tom-cats with their howls are flying. Insensible, I trow, I have always tried to be, Though it's hard to hear the house-dogs all a- barking; Still I do not care, I vow, For 'tis eloquence to me, And so the tom-oats may continue larking. The moon may shine, and the cats may howl, And fleas may bite, and dogs may growl; But sleeping sound within my bed, I'll sleep until they all have fled! Without the cold night-air The howls are nightly found, And always with a constancy unshaken : When it's very wet or fair, From the window to the ground Is a journey many missiles, large, have taken; So the darling cats may dance, And the doggies bow-wow-wow- I love their howling tones in all their beauty; Yet should I get the chance I'll break their necks, I vow, And consider I am doing but my duty I The moon may shine, and the cats may howl, And the fleas may bite, and the dogs may growl; But sleeping sound within my bed, I'll sleep until they all have fled I T. E. BARLEY, Manchester. META.OMEGRAM. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 12.-She was sitting busily spinning, A jirst in the bloom of youth; She sang of the sunny summer, And the glories of love and truth. A itext of. dark eyes had bewitched her, And the future seemed glad and bright; But winter must follow summer, And morning give place unto night. A woman sat wearily spinning, And under her faltering breath iShe sang of the gloomy winter- Of sorrow, and sin, and death. Then the tired voice sadly trembled, And the worn hands loosed their hold; The thread of her life was broken, And the spinner's heart grew cold. LILIAN DOUGLAS, Kennington. NARRATIVE BETA.-PRECE.OMEGRAM. (Change the seoond and last letter but one of a word to form another word, expresned in the narrativo.) (With apologies to Messrs. Gilbert and Sullivan.) 13.-I have a moke Of dainty rank; Sometimes I stroke It, oft I spank. Soft breezes waft, Both far and near, What is my craft, For I've no fear. I call my wares-my wares so dear; I ply my craft, and know no fear. I've " taters," large and small, and they're the best, For " Freuchit s " are detested as a rule; And I've apples that will bear the hardest test-- They are luscious, and they're very nice and cool I can serve you with tomatoes of rare kind, I can tempt you into buyi g with a laugh; Come, look at all my produce, and you'll find That what I say is truth, not hollow chaff. I have oranges that lately left the ship, No mouldy ones are underneath the rim; Of your purchases the paler you may slip, If a doubt remains within you though, but dim. I have carrots of a very extra size, And my crabbages are swallowed with a will; Oh, ye who would be happy, fit, and wise, Should always eat of vegetables your fill. .F. JohNson, Manchester. CHARADE. (Formed on a word eoo Rsylliable o whlich is a word.l 14.-From sweet summer flowers my f.st is distilled, And with it are mansions of beauty well filled, Where fairy-like forms flit about all the day, But ne'er hold bthbir revels whilst second holds sway. Yet as happy as they are the two loving hearts Who enjoy all the bliss which affection imparts; And when Hymen around them his strong chain has cast, May the virtue of first be enjoyed in the last. R. Fm'zeRaxuD, Dublin. CO.UITDRUMS. 15.-Riddlers, join together To try if you can see, When rowing on fresh.water, What reminds you of the sea. G. S. AsTnINs, Bow, 16.-Why would Gladutone make a good football- Vlayed ?.C(fdT~Ar.
TRIOGRAM. (Ohange the first Lore lelters of a word to form another word.) 17.-'Twas once upon a time-we think the tale should thus begin- There lived a crafty pirate who was called Sir Ching-ah. ling; Notorious be so became that soon in every clime His name became synonymous with cruelty and crime. He sailed the seas for many years, did many an evil act, Yet, strange to say, he seldom was by conscience over racked. To enumerate his fearful deeds would be revolting quite: He'd hold his revels when the decks with blood were ghastly bright; He'd hang a luckless prisoner, or confiscate his head As a hint that it was property piratical instead; And yet the first of conscience ne'er disturbed his nightly sleep, He still pursued the wicked course upon the "mighty deep. He captured once a merchantman, and straightway went aboard The vessel to discover if some treasure there was stored; On entering the cabin found, to his extreme delight, A lady young and beautiful, quite pleasing to his sight; He doffed his hat and made a bow unto the maiden tair- By her beauty was so much inflamed that forthwith then and there He vowed he loved that maiden, and that she should be his wife, Or reap the dire alternative by giving up her life. The maid reluctantly agreed that they should wedded be, But made a resolution-what it was you soon shall see; The maiden fair was then conveyed aboard the pirate's boat, And soon they sailed away unto the robber haunts remote. The two were then made man and wife-as such to e'er remain, And from that time began the fall of Ching-ah-ling's dark reign. On the evening of their marriage he, with supercilious mien, Informed his lifelong partner that she'd have his boots to clean. She stared at him with look aghast, and then, without a word, She "went for" Ching-ah-ling, whose cries for miles around were heard. She tore his hair, she scratched hid face, and banged him on the floor, She pommelled his devoted head clean through a wooden door; She converted him into a chair, until, when nearly dead, Poor Ching-ah-ling sincerely wished that he had ne'er been wed. Poor Ching recovered from the fray dilapidated quite, And undisputed sway his wife has had e'er last that night; Poor Ching obeys her slightest wish, though sadly oft he'll sigh For the power of those years that now, alas! have long gone by. The menial work he has to do-his life's to him a curse- It's evident that he has undergone complete reverse; Piratical excurcions unto him are known no more, In "purgatory" now he lives, his past deeds to deplore. So thus we leave him to his fate, a warning unto all, And to the moral of this tale attention we would call: It is, " Remember, reader dear, pride always has a fall." H. J. W. OFBoan AND iE. W. GEORGE. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Roman numerals expressed in fleures.) Foundation Word. 18.-A riddler whose bright' verses oft reveal The sr.eady fire of genius, true and strong; I strive his name-or hers-here to conceal, But you will find it-this I'm sure-ere long. Cross. Words. 1,101 and honeun An animal that's strange In this place you'll arrange. 5 ,, snue A goddess this, in truth. 501 ,, sona Her beau, a handsome youth. 501 .,, ana A water-spirit's name. 150 ,, ahe A mount of fire and flame. 51 ,, rooe A bird that flies 'Neath tropic skies. 1,550 ,, area A precious stone, By all well known. DIANA R. O'D. DIAMOND PUZZLE. 19.-First's to be found 'midst the lakes of bonny Scot- land; Next forms a kind of fruit which comes from a hot land; The third near the ocean and rocky cliffs abound; And fourth 'mongst the furniture of each household's found; The sixth, you'll find, reveals a charming kind of fruit; And now, to be polite, next should be termed " a brute;" Eighth will display to view a period of time; Aid the inat's seen blent with Italy's gay clime. Centrals read aright will name a noted English town, Wherein is situated a cathedral of renown. BOBERTO, London. VERBAL CBARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 20.-One-fifth of shunt, One-fourth of punt, And then one-third of man;ul One-fourth of bird, Onue-fifth of heard, And then one-third of ran; These letters, if placed ari<t }:., by you, A well-known river will brig to view. U. L. GotDsTOn, London. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. lesvisn anothe 21.-The primal of this con. of ours Conceals a man of civic powers; Curtail, and for the next write down An Irish county of renown; Cut short once more, th :n will appear The " merry" part of every year; Curtailed again, in last you find Another name for mater kind. ROBERTO AND FALCOER.