RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
1.-The twilight grey tells that the day Is ebbing rapidly away, And shadows deep begin to creep Across the churchyard, where, asleep, Repose the silent dead. Slow sinks the sun, its journey done; The feathered songsters one by one First homeward fly, whilst solemnly The zephyrs through the branches sigh Above my weary head. No busy sound first hums around, Whilst, seated on this grassy mound, I sadly sigh, to think that I Ere long, like all around, must die, And in my grave be lain. Joy doth attend some as they wend Their way through life, but still the end Must come to those, and at life's close, When they approach this last repose, They'll own that life is vain. The old church bell tolls forth the knell Of one more hour. The sounds foretell That soon the pall of night will fall, Like one vast curtain, over all Around me for a space. And who can say next soon the day Of my short life shall fade away, And silence deep around me keep Its watch, whilst I, forgotten, sleep In Death's long, cold embrace P CoULsON AND ADCOCK. ENIGMA. 2.-I spoilt that faded rose- Slower, no less sure, though, fades the beauty who From lover's hand received it-and I drew Those deep'ning lines; that silvern hair I froze- Indelibly I marked her, too. I creep on day by day; I rob you of your youth, and till you die, I deeper mark you as the minutes fly. And so I shall continue on for aye, Till time itself shall die. BOTH oF Us. ROTATION CHANGE. 3.-Still was the night, and in the second sky The silver stars were winking merrily; A lazy wind just stirred the wavelets gay, Which kissed a good ship's broadsides in their play. Rattling the last, with many a fearful frown, Or with a drunken growl when luck was down, There in his cabin Captain Blinker sate, Drinking and gambling with his burly mate. But soon the cabin echoed with a roar Of oaths in volleys, and of threats a score. " Fourth," cried the captain, " first me as I swear, Rather than pay I'd see you lifeless there 1" Then up sprang fourth, and swore as well as he, "Give me my firsts, or you shall feel the sea !" " I'll see you sea-sick, fourth I" was the reply; And then they fell to fighting terribly. At length the captain drew his third, and carved His way through fourth, declaring" 'Twas desarved." He dropped him overboard, and then, of course, 4 He turned a pirate in his vast remorse. " MORAL : If with a ruffias you begin To gamble mildly, don't presame to win! H. C. PRICE, Southwark. SOIEGRAI. 4.-An ornament in first you'll find; Then kindly change the tail, An ugly-looking animal You then will quickly hail. Repeat the process once again, Then you will bring to view A vegetable or a plant That's well known unto you. Again change tail, then you will find Fourth means to strike or pound; On every bird that flies in air My last is to be found. M. L. RAW, Bradford. TRANSPOSITION. 5.-Long ago, when nymphs and fairies Sported in each leafy glade, Waking echoes sweet and tuneful, As at hide-and.seek they played, Came a maid, all unattended, Through a dense and gloomy wood, Past a dungeon where a primal Lived in savage solitude. Dreaming of no hidden dangers, Singing in her artless glee, Till a roar both loud and mighty Trembling sets each shrub and tree. Quickly turning, hast'ning backwards, While the earth beneath her feet Quivers as the hideous primal Rushes from his grim retreat. Now he's near her, and his arm is Stretched, and she is in his grasp, And while death is wondrous near her, " Mercy!" she doth feebly gasp. But a voice, " Unhand her, monster!" Makes the primal turn him round; But he scarce can this accomplish Ere he's stricken to the ground. And a knight in glittering armour, Next-bespattered, o'er him stands, Muttering fiercely, " Hideous monster, Thy career now haply ends." Then the knight, in accents tender, Murmurs love vows i, her ear; And the sequel-need I mention she's a bride within the year P J. M'CoLL. DIAMOND PUZZLE. Cross Words. 6.-My first in ev'ry house is found; My next is liked by boys; My fourth's obtained beneath the ground; My last's a part of toys. Foundation Word, Now, if you can My centres scan, A name to you they'll show. But now it's time To quit my rhyme. Good-bye, dear friends, I go. F. T. RIDLET. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 7.-When Richard reared his crested head At Jatfa's bloody tight, And strewed the field with ghastly dead, Sad tokens of his might, None fought so bravely, none so long As the brave primal knight, Hero of many a stirring song- Of many a gallant fight. Cross Words. From out the tangled jungle burst A timid stag, pursued by first. A mighty next its pinions spread, And flew in circles o'er my head. For third you certainly will gain A sort of wheat or Indian grain. In fields of yellow corn you'll view This pretty wild flower's brilliant hue. Rising from out the golden corn, A fifth salutes the sunny morn. A portion of the human frame Is sixth, so please to find its name. My next and last you'll find will be A bird we oft in winter see. HoRATIUs, Lewisham. CENTRAL DELETION. 8.-A word which means a trick or craft, The centre please displace, And you will see the magistrate Of a certain foreign race. AarzY BoEanna, Shorncliffe.
REVERSION. 9.-When Mars, in warlike panoply, Sends forth his battle.cry, And shouts, in wild, exultant glee, At danger lurking nigh, We troopers first our brightest mail, Resort to sharpest arms, And spread our banner to the gale, In its terrific charms. Bold Hubert leaves his darling bride With cheery, hopeful smile, And canters by the streamlet's side In regimental style; His spurs ring out a merry tune, He hums a mirthful lay, With heart as light as dew in June, And thoughts as sweet as May. As clear the morning hangs around, He onward fleetly flies, His charger spurns the stony ground, Where Locklin's towers arise; Past drowsy Lilford clatters he, Where honest folks look out, And with a Inst of cheery glee Return his hearty shout. We hail him at our scanty mess, A comrade staunch and true, Who bears his darling's golden tress, With will to dare and do I To swing old England's banner high Above the base and mean, And shout aloud the dauntless cry, "For country, God, and Queen !" NoE NAIns. MO NOPHONE. 10.-Huge rocks lie piled on high, The waves dash at their feet In angry, hissing mood; They charge-anon retreat. Within a primal large, An opening in the rocks, In water second stands- He's minus boots and socks. PIrILo. ARITHMOREM. Foundation Word. L1.-The quickest means we now possess For messages conveying, sirs ; All business men the same must bless And second what I'm saying, sirs. The same provides us with a light In manner satisfying, sirs; Its brightness is a marvel quite, And that there's no denying, sirs. Cross Words. 500 and ne Termination ; 50 ,, sos Deprivaitou; 2,050 ,, tyneope Avocation; 1,100 ,, ar Incantatinu; 601 ,, notuart Propagatiou; 500 ,, rawer Compensation; 603 ,, notn Proclamation; 602 ,, noton Stipulation; 2 ,, tghns Penetration; 500 ,, rate Occupation; 551 ,, eteuy Glad duration. F. WALLIS, Swindon, DELETIONS. 12.-Sometimes the mad insthete I do, And poetry will 3nutter; Declare some things are " quite too too," And other things are " utter." But this is only when I wish To cause a great sensation Among my firsts; though some say " Ps-h 1" Some gaze in admiration. One day, while rhapsodizing by Some dadoes and a lily, I started up to hear a cry Of " Ain't that cove a silly I" A crowd of urchins met my sight, All gazing in amazement ; But I to put those nerts to flight, Hurled water through the casement. D. G. HOLMEs, 13.-My first a horseman will be, sirs; But when of a letter bereft, A fabulous beast you will see, sirs, Is named in the word that is left. F. BoEHsnER, Shorncliffe. CHARADES. 14.-Timothy Jinka, of Lincoln's Inn, Was fond of my first when mixed with gin. They call him my second-he don't care a pin, This Timothy Jinks, of Lincoln's Inn. Now, Timothy Jinks, of Lincoln's Inn, He fell away, and he grew so thin. My whole he tried, which did begin To cure Timothy Jinks, of Lincoln's Inn. ANON. 15.-When a clever thing you've done, Won a race or raised a ton, Or if a fortress you have stormed, My first folks say you have performed ; A pronoun's nezr, which is much used, And in Devonshire is much abused. My whole is light as vanity. Come, riddlers, riddle this to me. LITTLE COCK RoBIN. METAGRAM. 16.-In first you certainly are not, If you are sitting still ; My next perhaps you've often got, If ever you've been ill. Ihave a third by what I've said The answer you'll descry, If of each one you'll change the head. But here I'll say good-bye. J. TROWSDALE. ENIGMA. 17.-I'm cooked, I am eaten, I'm bought, I am sold, I'm eaten when hot, and also when cold; I'm long, I am short, I'm large, I am small, And I'm sure that I must be well known to you all, I'm found in each palace, I'm seen in each home- In fact, you may see me wherever you roam; And though eyes I possess, I never can see. Now, riddlers, 'cute riddlers, say what can I be. T. CARPENTER. CENTRAL DELETION. 18.-My whole's a grain-please find it out, But pray don't get perplexed, For, if you do, I have no doubt You'll stray into a next. I. P. GERAN, Feormoy. TRANSPOSITION. 19.--Transpose a word that means to kill, And then, upon my word, you will See what our clever riddlers write, And give to one and all delight. VEsro. ACROSTIC. Cross Words. 20.-The father of the Grecian Jove; A little boy who's blind; The foremost land of all the world; The mother of mankind; A poet whose love-sonnots are Still very much admired. Foundation Word. The initial letters will declare A blessing to the tired. Axow.