RIDDLE TOURNAMENT.
OMEGEAM. nhe latletter of a word is changed to form another word.) it (The Duped Landlady.) -Once I was haunghty and proud, SGifted with manners inordinate; Now with affliction I'm bowed, Rendered extremely subordinate. Thoughts of the deepest regret primal annoy me internally; ," What might have been," the coquette, plays with my brain too infernally. In a green cottage I dwell, Down by a river historical. Here the thing cruel befell, Blasting my fame as an oracle. I had a lodging to let, And, as it happened, he wanted it; To him, the best one I met, I, in a weak moment, granted it. p'r'aps, as my cottage was green, I to its colour was suitable, A d all my friends still have been In that opinion immutable; But he seemed modest and fair, Spoke not in cockney vernacular; Never on Sundays would dare Second to hint at things secular. He was a thief, now I know, Versed in the arts of rascality; SmBug, open face he would show, While through his instrumentality Spoons, forks, and knives disappeared, Articles always were vanishing; Each thing was missed, and soon cleared Off in a manner astonishing. I had suspected him, too, But he was rich in urbanity; Dust in my optics be threw, Preached of the world and its vanity; Then in the moonlight he went, Having with wondrous audacity All the night previous spent Filling his trunas to capacity. So this is why I am now Stern when I once was so affable; Reason I cannot allow Why it should seem to you laughable. He has been " lagged," yes, I know, Spite of pretences of piety; But I must suffer the blow Dealt by this pest of society. IvANHOE, Belfast, NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAIM. pUgehe first and last letters of a word to form another word, exlaressed in the narrative.) -Natire heath I native heath I let me to thy name enwreathe Greenest foliage, wildest roses, pretty as thino own; aehas beauteous made thy fields, such as merrier made the peals Trembling from the village vesper as the hay was mown. And oaks and elms all numberless Profusely wore their verdant dress, And blossoms, full of happiness, Peeped shyly in our faces; And as we lay on summer's day, Too thoughtful or too tired to play, And deeamed our home with joys of May The happiest of places ! The birds were fav'rites with us all, As, watching leaves and murmurs fall From woodland giants huge and tall, We heard their voices pleading. The butterflies went on their rounds To leafy shades and flowery crowns 'Midst sweetest fragrance, gladsome sounds, Florn's court in fullest bloom had yet undreamt of seeding. That cooling dusks the green leaves gave When blazing shine we teared to brave; We hla beneath the throbbing trees, d ratched afar the rising sun across the blue heaven speeding I Ye old-time nothings, where reside The elves that do before us gjide Softb, slowly, beckoning on, Our childhood's eyes to gaze upon Sweet dreams as faint us fleeting; Or, playful, dance to strangest glee, Making our natures wild and free, Suffering little of the real To waken us-to only feel Mind's buoyancy, heart's beating. Stil. may we tread the olden ways, And listen to the self-same lays, 'Mongst the same dear oaks and elms Seek the love that overwhelms, For the foliage did but fade, Bloom, like flow rs, a decade. "Grow and wither, leaves and buds, Rise in beauty, fall in hoods," Is the language of the woods, "Leaving mem'ries green behind, Faded, good, as, blooming, kind." past days I ah, last days I of hearts still young and hearts grown old, en blades of grass in myriads swept in folds before our feet; ag NRture's simplest beauty we learn'd the highest duty, ltd heard the truest music from the purest hearts that beat. V. D. TAYLOR. NARRATIVE DOUBLE CURTAILMENT. lthetwo last letters of a word, leaving another word, ex- laressed in the narrative.) 'TPhaven't told me how you're getting on, friend, aI'm going to satisfy myself, I guess. "ugosmg to ask you all in this our con,, friend- Your evil-doingseto at once confess. -5Yr m-int-law as snappy as of old, friend? o still reach home at twelve o'ciook at night ? iaed that you are very often " sold," friend ? re Y u ever yet been worsted in a fight? Y0usr cat been poisoned yet by some kind neighbour ? u ourd your garden-flow'rs all disappear ? en ever ur "dear wifle " now belabour ? sou still addicted to the use of beer P upn aluwer all the questions I have asked you, is ulkewt the way in which you're going on; tat cmpalu that I've too hardly tasked you, _ ,start away to finish off this con. Sh ingto e mulate your somewhat ticklish ins ~ers ih a good old fourteen "footer;" t he, every second line will bear the print of OnStexcuse for me, for I'm no "metre"). B 4 seey ask me how I'm living in these days ellera seienrs,fid apication. p'Vzeo5 you have got--ahem I I should have said a ,or uying the creatures of creation. p51Y, tie-thlugl I csnnot gratify your object good, ,p1 U'tyou see4 I'm in a prion "oell-ar ;" r~I's cnIned to factsuand very little food, -'ry I cau't answer " 'Vell.cr." -lnUoesO and Ea,
METAGRAMIS. (Ohania the first letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-You may be a clever fellow, And know Latin, Dutch, and Greek; And Welsh, French, and Spanish You quite fluently may speak; After all your education, I first bold to tell you plain That you cannot nu-:ke a vessel To catch every di'op of rain. You may tell of your inventions, Which are many, by the way, And with diagrams unending, Pictures of their worth convey. After all your many wonders Which you say "are marvels" quite, You cannot invent a pole to Stop the lightning in its flight. You may newt all sure precautions Lest your health should shattered be ; But if Life's flame ceases burning, Then I'm certain you'll agree (After all your trust in Nature) That y,,u cannot it renew, Though you could (methinks you murmur) If the way you only knew ! WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. 5.-Over and round me the twilizht dim closes, Bearing me gently through dreamland to where Fragrantly wasted the scent of the roses, Floating afar on the cool evening air. Faintly the afterglow grows in the distance, Tinting the sky with the palest of gold, Bringing before me a bygone existence, Days that in memory are old; Strains of sweet music are floating around me, Fancy's firm pinions have bound me. Sweet was the singer's voice, plaintive and tender, Filling with music the dimly-lit room; Sweet was the fragrance of flowers in their splendour, Touching my heart and dispersing the gloom. Over my troubled soul, stealthily stealing, Wasted the notes, bringing peace in their train; Now through the firsts I can final them pealing, Soothing my sorrow again. Strains low and tender are floating around me, Fancy's firm pinions have bound me. MARION TAYLOR, London. 6.-When you go for a stroll with first intimate friend, And he asks for the loan of your pipe, Do you think you're insane when you turn quite profane, And angrily call him a " snipe " ? When you know you're the same. When your brother's in trouble, with great gouty feet, And he asks you to carry him out, Do you think you're insane when you turn quite profane, And indignantly call him a lout? When you know you're the same. When you linger to look at a snarly old man, With a face like a newly-plucked peach, Do you think hlie's insane when he turns quite profane, And clings to your neck like a leech? When you know you're the same ? When you step list the cat with your " tacketed" boots, And your wife gives you one with a cane, Do you think you're insane when you turn quite profane, And actually call her your bane ? When you know you're the same. W. L. MlILLER, Glasgow. DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 7.--H wears splendid clothes (Never paid for, I'll bet), Snowy-white collar, And a moustache of jot; A glass to his eye, In his first a thin cane; He struts down the street Feeling dreadfully vain. Though his clothes are now, He has no cash, I'm sure; He crawls to the rich, And despises the poor. His language is fine, But his head holds no brains; Next seeking for praise, He but ridicule gains. T. WanD, Dublin. NARRATIVE MIETAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-I stood on the shore of a beautifus lake As the f()lllakes of snow were falling, And thought of the number of flakes it would take To make that full-lake show them all in. I mean that the water was dreadfully wet- Water ch ance for a pun to b, sailing I A punt? No, a pun ! but you'll make me forget All the subjects I meant to be w:ilin'. A whalee in this lake was a-splashing his tail- This tale I'll unfold as is proper- (To prop a story with ;alo statements is stale, But this is of lies not a topper l) To resume: It was splashing about like a swan- This is swan of those things people fancy- And it swal!owed the snowflakes that fell, every one In a way that appeared necromancy. Oh I I lingered to watch the snowflakes as they fell In the whale's open jaws to be swallowed; When my watch ticlked so loudly it severed the spell, And the road to get home I thenfollowed. MoRaL. Dear friends, it don't follow that watches are cheap, And whales cannot live out of water; Don't s-tickl near a lake in a mood half asleep, It's a thing, friends, watch you didn't oughter. T. E. BARLEY AND TIIE BLACK PRINCE. 9.-I'm a bard of huge extent I By this statement it is meant I'm a bard of great dimensions, broad and stout beyond compare, And I've often raised contentions-arguments in wisdom rare. I've a muscle hard and thick, Good for any ponderous trick; I can raise a railway waggon with one arm, just as a youth To his mug might raise a ifagoa. Don't you think I speak the truth ? I can raise a row as well: Raise your hair, too-who can tell P And by strong and firm devotion to the liquor p'r'aps I've sinued; Yes, to get a taste of "lotion" I have often raised the wind. OLIVEnx KING, Manchester. 10.-Cheerily shines the sun to-day, As nature wakes from the wintry sleep; Merrily sings the birds to-day From 'mid the forest dark and deep. And see the primrose by the hedge, And there the cowslip near the sedge, While nods about beneath the trees The snowdrop, brushed by springtide's breeze. And see you maiden garbed in blue, Awaiting at the trysting-treo Her village lover brave and true, And hear the lark's song gay and free. The spring has come, the joyous spring, The time of which all poets sing, And wewiho hero attempt lo please, Can in the cu!lt'ry lake our ease. I. L. JErSfsON AND APOSitOProE.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Words. 11.-Now, some years ago lived an actor of fame Who was reckoned the greatest of all; The seat of his triumphs was old Drury Lane, Some people his talents recall. And though we have actors in plenty to-day, Few can to his laurels aspire; So no- find the actor, ye riddlers so gay, Whose praises I sing with my lyre. Cross Words. We grieve for all dear friends we miss Yet love to think that they're not this. A beautiful flower for next you must find; Present me a bunch, I would deem it most kind. In engineers' shops if by chance you should stray, This is in requisition you'll find every day. If the length of this riddle I fain would extend, For a greater supply of my fourth I must send. A demon incarnate I'll take for this rhyme, 'Tis said that us mortals he'll haunt for all time. And now a riddler here you'll trace Who occupied a foremost place. A riddling lady great in fame (We'll only take her Christian name). A liquor that's liked by some folks to extreme, A poison more deadly than most it would seem. In this world you will find that of these there are plenty, In number exceeding quite twenty times twenty. Oh, never be this; you will ne'er make a man; But industrious be, and as good as you can. A musical instrument, sweet are its strains. Though producing at will most discordant refrains. Louisa, love, we now must part, for time is flying fast, But 'fore you go I'll claim from those sweet lips a long sweet last. E. GEOoGs, London. Foundation Words. 12.-On my whole the gentle waves are softly beating, And the murm'riug music comes unto my ear; 'Tis the same old strain they ever are repeating, 'Tis the same old strain by mem'ries fond made dear. Down upon the primal, list'ning, I am lying, And am gazing on the never resting sea ; To my ear is borne the billows' endless sighing, And it seems that 'tis a message unto me. Cross Words. The mother loves her darling boy; 'Tis he who fills her heart with joy. A puzzle, please, for second find; It is one of the hardest kind. This thing was worn in days of old, When knights were brave, and true, and bold. Myfourth is something very sweet; 'Tis often used with " Old Tom," neat. And in a next maybe you dwell; I'm sure you know its name full well. My next will be a U.S. city, And one that's said to be right pretty. Here you will see part of a fish; Find it out, please, such is my wish. Now I have reached last of this con., Perhaps you'll say 'tis poorly done. DROFFr AND SIR CLAUDE DE VERB. Foundation Words. 13.-A riddler primals will disclose, He long has fought within our "T.;" Striving 'midst many friendly foes To gain a well-earned victory. Cross Words. For primals please write down the name Of an English king well known to fame. When you've found second, you will say It is a well-known bird of prey. I'll not be gone a minute, Jack, If you'll stay here third I come back. I tried from Kate to take a kiss, And, cruel girl ! she told me this. Coffee and cocoa some prefer, But to last I never shall demur. A. ADiBEsLE Y AND R. W. ANBDREWS. DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 14.-There is a maiden ou this riddling page Whose verses always are the latest rage, Who wins the love of every " Tourney " sage, And keeps it, too. She always was the maiden of my choice, Because her ss.eet and tuneful-sounding voice Has bidden every earnest heart rejoice, For 'tis so true. Cross Words. You first just shut the second door; I've asked you once or twice before. Oh, for a third of sunshine i I am vexed Because this weather makes me feel quite next. Last night I went to hear a fifth, The music seemed all sounds to blend; But, oh, it took up so much time, I really thought it last would end 1 NELLIE WATSON, Cheshnunt. Foundation Words. 15.-Initials and finals two poets please scan, The last-mentioned one wrote an essay on man; The former was brief in his soul-stirring verse, For even the seamstress he now would rehearse. Cross Words. This I'm certain, without doubt, You could never live without. I'm a German name, you'll find; Keep it steadfast in your mind. Now a foreign title name, When reversed a well-known game. Last's a well-known Bible bird, So I've very often heard. C. F. BLACKBURN. Foundation Words. 16.-Shall I keep silent while the riddlers sing In praise of thee, sweet maid, who art the best Add brightest gem set in this "Tourney" ring? No, by my troth, I'll carol with the rest. Cross Words. I love to read this author's stirring tales; This is an island and a shire of Wales; A reddish colour, quite a rosy hue; A false god or an image here you'll view; Fifth is a Yankee lake of area vast; Behead this river, and you'll find my last. LoNe SNowsaco, Glasgow. HIDDEN RIDDLERS' NAMES. 17.-I should stock some more in that corner. I think, Rallph. I look better in this one. Are those children on there safe? We walked through a marsh all day. This spade bears a peculiar mark. How far Cherbourg is, I cannot tell.-E. FonsYTI, Barnes. BURIED PROVERB. 18.-The evil men do will live after them, And the sine that men make will live ovevor; The evil men do let live after them, Let live or for ever they'll sever. C. F, BLACnIBJn.,
TRIOGBAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to term anotiw.word,) 19.-Noble lords and high-born dames, Squires and fools in medley merry, Hail the medimval games, Luck, and mead, and modern sherry I Knights and chiefs of high degree, Minstrels, poets, bards, and sages, Sing the lays of chivalry, Hail the modern Middle AgesI Once again the olden days Raise an echo i i the lists; Once again the mad m1ldes Raise around their dusty mists. Knight meets knight in conflict dire, First and fierce each one engages; Mighty arms will never tire In the modern Middle Ages Minstrels of the " Tournament," O'er your lays we ienat linger; Marshall, of poetic bent, Pickering, too, our sweetest singer ; Kitchner, Wells, and David Gow, Holmes, and Price, the warrior sages, Let us hear your voices now In the modern Middle Ages! Marion, brightest star of all, Rival she of Orpheus, Is she gone beyond recall ? Will she ne'er return to us ? Queenie, who was seen the most, Ne'er appears within these pages; Ah, this age is but the ghost Of the ancient Middle Ages ! Rouse yourselves, my mighty men I Come once more within these pages! Sing the triumph of the pen And the modern Middle Ages ! E. RIBaB LE BADLOT. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. (Change the first two letters of a ,word to form another word, ox- pressed in the narrativeJ 20.-Tender and dutiful, Sweet as the morn, Maiden more beautiful Never was born. Where's thy security, Faint heart of mine ? Lost in such purity, Something divine! How can I stay the tear Seeking to rise ? Weary, well may the tear Start to my eyes. Why dost thou haunt me so, Phantom of grace. Follow and taunt me so, Beautiful face P Can I believe the tales, Wild and uncouth, Dare I receive the tales Doubting their truth ? Own one so glorious, One so suulime, Famed and notorious, Guilty of crime ? No ; one so beautiful Sin never sought; False and refutable, Perish the thought I People may pointedly Talk till they've found Words said so fruitlessly, Cruelly, ruthlessly, Broken disjointedly, Fall to the ground. H. A. TAYLOR, Birkenhoad. 21.-I'm a smuggler bold, I am bluff and bold, I'm the skipper of the Polly Ann, I'm a rare old stick, I'm a quaint old brick, In fact, I am a very jolly man. For I roam the sea-the waves so free, Aboard my little craft, the Polly Ann; And you all will say for ever and a day I'm a jolly, yes, a very jolly man. I'm a smuggler bold, yet it must be told That of womankind I stand in mortal dread, For matrimohial bliss I've experienced ere this, And once, but once too often, I've been wed. But I fear no petticoat when upon the sea afloat Aboard my bonny craft, the Polly Ann; And when safe beyond the wiles of seductive female smiles, I'm a jolly, yes, a very jolly man. R. L. JESPERSON AND A. AaBERLax. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative,) 22,-Oh, I am a knight of the " Tournament," A knight of the mystical ornament, The " Tournament " of the Y. F. P., Where a lot of mysterious cons. you see, Mlysterious cons. you see. And my pen right into the ink I sink, And from a cup filled to the brink I drink, For tea is inspiring, I think, I think, Inspiring, I think, I think. Oh, I am a knight of the "Tournament,'" A knight of the mystical ornament, And I laugh, ha, ha, papa, mamma, For I am a knight of the " Tournament." Yes, I am a knight of the "Tournament," A knight of the mystical ornament, And our fame is worthily won, I trow, I'm proud of the title, you know, you know, The title, you know, you know. We're warriors all, and we fight for might, And our lances are over in sight and bright; So I'll bid you adieu, and a right good night, Adieu and a right good night. Oh, I am a knight of the "Tournament," A knight of the mystical ornament, And I laugh, ha, ha, papa, mamma, For I am a knight of the " Tournament." J. W. SEWELL.