itlDDLE TUURiRMENT, TRANSPOSITION. (TPansDose the letters in INvord to fortli another won a
1.-I caught it at a very early age- When I was dnly hilf-past twelve, in sooth; And soon my friends, with knowing looks and sage, Avowed I was a most precocious youth. I broke out first-in dirges lachrymose For "childhood's happy hours',' and "days long tied," And many a mournful primal I'd compose At times when little boys should be in bed. Then I began to next and wear a frown- My verse grew more " Byronic " ev'ry day; I felt that I was wronged, for none would own That germs of startling genius in me lay. On marbles I looked down with balefll eye, As lowering to a poet; yet, somehow, Though I reached " man's estate" some time gone by, I'd rather like a game at marbles now. I found at times the muse was hard to coax, And ofttimes, when I sat owe down to think, 'Twas sad to find blank paper was a hoax, And inspiration dwelt not in'the ink I' Time passed, and.as I older grew, and turned More worldly wise, I lost my early fire-; My "youthful indiscretions" all I burned, And (not without a sigh) threw down my lyre. The "scribbling mania " had at last died out, And for a time I felt not all its paiun- But what's that you observe ? Yes, without doubt, The sad truth's clear-I've canught it once again! ]. R. COULSON, Bow, NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word it the narrative.) 2.-Alas I my faithful lance, for thee I weep, No more wilt thou my rivals from me keep; In shattered state thou canst defend no more, Nor win for me again what once I bore. Thrust to the ground, in helpless fear I lie, Abandoned, wounded, left in pain to die. In other words, I have no more to write; My muse departs, and leaves me.in a plight, While lyrics fast from knights and ladies flow, And serve to render me a puny foe. The " Tournament," I see, is held by those With whom, alas! I can no longer,close. How fondly I had hoped to win a name They cannot comprehend who taste not fame. And now I try again to hold a place, I feel my impotence creep on apace. O fickle muse I -Where hast thou gone this time ? Muse, did I say ? I cannot even rhyme. But stay; this raving to a close 1'il bring, A monody is ne'er a pleasant thing. I'll hope 'gainst hope itself that I may yet In fair and open fight again be met; But in the interim I humbly crave The sympathy of knights and ladies brave. J. A. B., Lowestoft. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form anotlher -.uor I.1 3.-It was in the summer's gloaming, And I-then a gay young sp irk- For a breath of air went roaming Through the noted upper park. Beaming with self-satis[sction As I gaily strolled around, Came my toe in sharp contaction With a " something" on the ground. Cutting quite a lively caper, At the spot I turned to glare; Folded neatly in brown paper, Saw a " something " lying there. All my sorrow changed to pleasure, And my heart leaped to my throat, As I placed the new-first treasure Cautiously beneath my coat. Glorious visions, dreams delicious, Fluttered through my youthful head, Growing more and more ambitious As I swiftly homeward sped. At the parcel firmly grasping, Changing first front hot to cold, " What if it should," thought I, gasping, " Prove a cash-box full of gold l" Landing safe at number eighty, Carefully I locked the door, And deposited that weighty Parcel on the parlour floor. Trembling with bright expectation, Cut the cord that last it quick. 7ounds I Confusion Consternation! Lo I behold, it was a brick! Pore. 4.-Welcome the sea with its glorious waves ! Welcome the glitter of ocean caves 1 Dear to my sight is the sandy shore, Sweet to my hearing the ocean's roar. From the created waters the sea gusts raise Prismatic prnimals and showery sprays, And joyously in with the breezes float Inspiriting strains from a passing boat. Oh, dance wi h the waves! Shout with the wind! Delightful the freedom of power and mind. The sun lihas sunk in a crimson 'glow, Trailing its gKory on earth below, And peacefully o'er the ocean side Murmur the ebb of the drowsy tide. A far-off second of music swells, 'Tis the even.chime of cathedral.bells, Thrilling to si!ence loe sea-birds' cry,, Then dying faidt as aczephyr sigh, ' reamily " Aite a melody,,. ' From fairy minstrels beneath the sea.' It brings me'baek'to a different strand On the southern coast of our lovely. laud, Where; on j ust such a.balmyeve as this, I walked in a state approaching iliss; Fur with me. was one whose presence lent Additional charms to thb ihonra'thts spent, Whose sympatby met my listeting ear, Rend'ring each lovely scene more;dear, Tender and low, In gentle flow,- Attuned to the voice of the waves abelow. Well I remember the words she spake, As together we watched thewavelets break, " Our friendlship shall be as'the constant deep, Which, though winds may ruffle and tempests sweeps Ever returns to its calm repose, ; ' : And:faithfully'onwardrd, oiward flows, See, the waves.are flooded with rosy'light, A sign that pa?.love shall iemain a.s right I A-'sth3e flpoRig'se., Thie'tido 'o my f hiehnddip will t to thee. ' CONUNDRUM... : .- My con. may very few amuse, SAs weoll:mliaey.IOpe ' SloTt like a d or llyColliery.-
DECAPITATION. {Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another wprd) 6,-Jack Scribbles was a journalist, And, in.a three.pair back, Worked like a horse-he was, in truth, A literary hack. " Italy's capital is Rome," a He first unto his pals ; "So when I write of Rome, I use Italic capitals." His window looked upon a field, And to a friend quoth he, ," That field is older far than you- It's pasturage, you see." And ever his acquaintances Lauded his puns and jokes, And swore that such a funny man Should write for Funny Folks. But Jack was full of airy plans, And mostly spent his time In wrlting'verse, although the frost That nipped his hopes was rhyme. Among the schemes he had was one For lilt'ring Hampstead Ponds, And paying off the nation's debt By forging Turkish bonds. Such schemes, he boasted, would uphold The pillars of the State ; Though many told him that they would Not do to prop-a.gate. In science, theories of "law And force " taxed all his wit, Until the process-server came And handed him a writ. And seeking friendly next in vain, He tried another plan: Erewhile he had no firmness; now He is a stable-man I D. Gow. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. op the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in-the narrative.) On the twenty.ninth of August early through the fields I strolled; t the prospect being gloomy, and the wind, too, fierce and cold, ut off all thoughts of bathing-took an hour's walk instead. on the sun woke from its languor, and shone brightly overhead; fd, ye poets, that reminds me-I once fancied Phcebus' beams ere pure white. Well, now, that notion is a fallacy, it seems: 'entists have just discovered (perhaps now 'tis known to you), ough the sun seems white apparently, it really is blue I 0 young poetic lover, if you ever sing of one, hebright eyes of my Matilda are the colour of the sun," ientifcally you will be within the bounds of truth. d what if a carping critic at your verse should sneer, forsooth I r though none begrudge the licences with which some poems teem, ience, like Longfellow, maintains "things are not what they seem." ARCHER B., Kentish Town. OMEGRAMS. Trhe last letter of a word is changed to form inother word.) 8.-The rivers run into the sea, And so in life 'twill ever be; The less is merged into the greater, If first last, sooner or later. And life is swallowed up in death, For death is stronger, nature saitli;. And joy is~changed to bitter sorrow, If not to-day, perchance to-morrow~v And laughter oft is changed to t&kth And eager hopes to bitter fears;'- The restless heart can ne'er hav'peade But in the grave, where sorrowtcease. -LADY CLAIRE. 'Arry once thought he'd look a little brisker, And for that reason he'd produce a whisker Upon his beardless fira ; so he was told To go to Mr. Pestle's, where were sold . All sorts of medicines and patent stuffs Advertised to the world by " glaring puffs" In all the local prints. So forth he hied, And very soon the shop of Pestle spied. In goes the masher, and, "Ah-the-ah- deuce-er- I wish to buy a patent 'air producer." " I don't know what you mean, you masber fellows; But it's a well-known nert I don't sell bellows.' PATRICKo S., Belfast. DOUBLE ACROSTIC e inal letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 10.-The soldiers' twain who here'are found For pluck and skill were both'renowned; For ever let their praises sound : In history. Cross Words, A stately bark that silent gldes:.,.. Repelling with her painted sidee '+ I The ripples of the gentle tides:. ->, Of Italy. Reward of all the brave who ie Like heroes where the bullets fly, And r) .') death with joyous cry Of victory. These we&uons =. 'a savage foe A young and gallant pr .ce laid low, And filled the nation's ceart with woe And sympathy. A few decades ago, how hard The lot of this poor wretch, whose scaured And swolleý limbs spoke likb a bard "Vf infamy I The. superstipious hold this charm. Wihl shioeulhe wearer from all harm- Prustrs%` id fill with wildalarm A enemy. F. PARKER. ACROSTIC.- word.or words, turme='f the initial letters of other words,) Si Aa tin -Word. l.-And he t ou art who chanted,. In.poetry and gongs, Thy country's fame and praises, And her rights and wrongs. Cross Words." Here a riddIer of the " T.I You will see. In second a kihd of riddle view, Known to you. If Yon'd )ive'therd, pray put downi An Irish town. Another " Touney " riddler here Doth appear., In this our king,i weeu, S"May be seen. D . .ooO, Nas. 1 rm upon ime ill be found' I also have-a-back- Ad' if yo look I wll be bound . SO f ~sis e Ives Eaclr. " ':. '. "°" l A Jotx" s LiverpOol.
OURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a wordfliaving another word.) 13.--Though the world delights in summer, With her wealth of bird and flower- Though we bless the gifts of Nature, As they ope each golden hour, Yet, when stern old Father Winter, With his firm, unsparing grasp, Weaves an icy spell around us, Who will scorn that hand to clasp ? Merrily the skater greets him. Clad in robes of spotless white, As o'er bed of ice.bound river Glides he on in reckless might; While at home, by cosy fireside, Such a host of ties are riven, That the good old friend amongst us Seems an angel flown from heaven. While rejoicing in the comforts. Which oar path through life may bless, Let us second stretch a hand to Help a brother in distress; Let us make the hale old monarch Prove a friend to all on earth, And by primal word and action Show our true and sterling worth. F. G. WEnB, Southwark. 14.-Persons one or more am I, Any number constitute me, Small, of course-to be too high In my numbers wouldn't suit me. But I am no more complete. Numbers and entirety fail me, If you should perform the feat Of succeeding to curtail me. Quir. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 15.-T o all I wish a bright and glad New Year, H ealth, wealth, contentment, gladness, and good cheer; E ternal friendship through this riddling band, N ow grown so famous in this famous land. E achl arm be nerved and eager for the fight; W it, humour, tact, the secrets of your might. Y ield not to foes unworthy of your steel, E ntomb all envy and all hate conceal; A ttack the foes of honour-spare them not, R emove them, and exterminate the lot. 1 thousand years I write down, 8 hundred, too-do not frown- 8.ty more, and to this fix 6, which makes 1-8.8-6. PHILO. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of whlh is a word.) 16.-" Dear Cox,-Do just pop in this evening to tea, And spend the whole evening in peace and with me; Remember, last door on the left: give two knocks, Wipe your boots, or beware of the Amazon.-Box." Take tea I Yes, I know what that means; but, egad I Spend the evening in peace I That's a prospect not bad. Beware of the matron, he means. Well I know I But I'll throw all such doubts to the winds, and I'll go. Now my friend, you must know, takes a prominent part In the prejudiced and much-abused noble art; Arid I firmly believe, so astute he's reckoned, That he stepped from the cradle right into my second. Well, I soon reached the house, gave a modest rat.tat, Wiped my boots with the greatest of care on the mat; An affectionate push sent "me through the room door In the arms os-good heavens !-young pupils a score. At first I felt ready to faint, I declare, But, however, contrived to get on pretty fair, Until in a moment, my saddest and worst, I consented with Boxy-the demon-to first. Phew I those gloves must, Ifancy, be stuffed with hard tacks, And covered.with scraps of old carpets or sacks; And I wonder still more, with a tear in my eye, If Boxy-confound him l-had wings and could fly. He's wrote me again ! Did you hear of such cheek ? He says, " You must take a few lessons next week." ' But the facts, my dear friends, that your suffering bard wrote '11 Convince you he's had quite enough of my total. T. CARPENTER. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 17.-We w6re sailing in the gloaming to a land across the And fore and aft oursailors were as happy as could be; Our first looked trim and graceful, dimly traced against . the sky, And-with all our canvas drawing our brave vessel seemed to~fly. ' The night began to gather on a pleasant summer's e'en, And the next peeped out and. glistened where erstwhile .~sunlight had been; The .billows' dreamy surging sounded sweet as vesper -bell, A w,:with topsails reefed, we turned -in, to the watchful voice, " All's Well." R. DYE. SDUAGitAM.- - ( ~ e the first two letters of ai iord to form another word,) 1?.-A word of lettersthree - . For primal find;. Nor tub, nor:bag, nor chbst- Six sides, so mind. Though never a desk, a lid I possess; Come, witty diviners, my short word guess. First, second, letters changed, A verb I am: The lids of primals oft Men last, and jam ; But awful 'tis, doubtless you know, dear friend, To be in a last. So now I'll write " ' he end." AGONISTES. REVERSION. (A word which read backward forms another word.) 19.-If a pond you will find out- It is a good-sized one, I mean- And then turn it round about, A kind of noose there will be seen. J. T. SmuIT, Birmingham.