RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each e9ylable of whtoh is a word.)
1.-Our soldiers and sailors are sturdy and strong, Their deeds are recorded in many a song;. For duty, for country, for Queen, and for right, The first telleth plainly of some hard-won fight. And as to Khartoum, on their wearisome way, We read of their progress and pluck day by day; We trust that the end which they seek may be near. We'll second them know what we think of them here When, to England returning, their task they have done, When the praise we bestow they most nobly have won, When they prove that beneath the whole coat that they wear Is a courage to do and a heart that can dare. W. KIurroN. 2.-Of the articles "a," " an," and "the," Pick out one my first to see; If my second you would find, A precious metal bring to mind; For my third you now must look- 'Tis often named in your history-book; My whole a well-known play will show. Whose name, I'm sure, you all must know. ANNIzE A. ROYSTON, Birmingham,. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. (The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 3.-Saturday night the good wife sallies out, On marketing intent, beyond a doubt; Her business eye and calculating mind The choicest and the cheapest treasures find, Here is a bargain-ne'er so cheap before; There is another added to the store. Food of all kinds, with parcels large and smuall, Primals and finals homeward bear them all. Cross Words. Men, women, children-a wondrous variety- Instantly gather and form a dense mass. Only a picture of loathed inebriety; Truly one says, " An egregious ass I" Face to face the daring warriors stand, Scorning all armour-merely blade in hand. Swift comes the signal; swifter ends the fight. Loud the applause. How noble is the sight! Hung upon the warehouse wall, Serving as commands; What a yell, whene'er they fall On a youngster's hands ! Swiftly he runs to where the ball is lying, Eagerly watched by many anxious eyes. Up in the air the leather soon goes flying; Thus is commenced the struggle for the prize. " Kindly direct tme to Manchester-square.'" " Yes, sir; the third or the fourth on the right, Then the fifth on the left hand; and when you are there, You've only to-ask some one else, sir. Good night." To see him in motion was genuine fun- He didn't walk, scamper, meander, or run; It wasn't a glide, and I can't say he crawled. Can you say what this locomotion is called? BARNETT DE BAIs, BETAGRAMS. (Ohange the second letter of a word to form another word.) 4.-Young Billy O'Faggots was fond of a game Of football, or cricket, or chess; But one thing he hated above all things else Was getting himself in a mess. Whene'er to a football match Billy went off, To stare at the vigorous game, As soon as he first home, the first thing he did Was to brush his new coat-hat the same. Now, his mother, a widow of forty, or more, Took very great next of young Bill, And when he first home with a rather white face She made him first swallow a pill. F. J. HoDGES, Greenwich. 5.-Her firsts I gladly listen to, Her cheerful rhymes are of the best; Whene'er her cons. appear in view, In them I take an interest. Each week I gladly seek her name- In the " T." none can assail her. Refer I to that bard of fame, Miss Taylor. She still brings forth her songs so sweet- Lasts on, to thrill us more and more; In friendship may we ever meet, As we have always done before. With wishes joyful, fond, and true, May each riddler ever, hail her. She sings so sweetly-thrills us through- Miss Taylor. W. CARTER, Birmingham. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.i G.-Now you see me back again, Give a whoop of joy. Free from trouble, free from pain, With pleasure no alloy. What 1 No signs of recognition i Why that indiff'rent air ? Does my salute need repetition, Or does my presence scare ? Alas I it fears me first nekt so, Yet I will not despair; For consolation I will go To volumes old and rare. And if, perchance, another time I take my pen in hand, I'll make a fairer, better rhyme, One worthy of our band. G. A. JONES, Liverpool. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a mnetagram, deoapitaton, e e tion, and transposition, but leaves a perfect word al~"r ,:'. operation.) 7.-Of little value is my first, As you may quickly find; And if you'll cut away the head, A weapon's left behind. Behead, and kindly then transpose, When you will plainly see That this my third's possessed by all, Including you and me. M. L. REW. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words that are Rloman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 8.-It moves along, day after day, Unceasingly pursuing its way. By,sylvan scenes, and castles hoar, By fertile meadows, hills, and fallows, O'er mimic lalls, with noisy roar, Through crystal depths and purple shallows, It glides along, day after day, Unceasingly pxursuing its way.' Cross Words. 500 and erear A this of Young Folks Paper I've Been now,'riends, just two years and five 551 ,, re You'll find a sluggard here concealed; 107 , an And here a rulffian is revealed; 550 ,, ene This word means to'escape--to shun; 1,000 ,, rear Part of a ship. My puzzle's done. M,. F. Gsm*x, FormoOY
CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word." g,-In one of Devon's famous seaside towns Existed once a grand debating class; And, undieturbed by fortune's smiles or frowns, For many years its splendour used to pass From town to town for miles and miles around, Till all the world remarked upon its fame, And till each member, young and old, had found (Save Mr. Tight) an honoured, worthy name. Abijah Tight had joined it when a boy, But. though now old, had never soken once I Though oratory was his sweetest joy, Poor Tight was both retiring and a dunce. Oft had he longed to thrill each 'raptured wight With glowing words, but always longed in vain, Till some one kindly called on him one night To speak to.morrow on " A Sparrow's Brain." He left for home in torments of delight, And first for hours intent upon a book; He crammed his weary brain with cruel might, With lofty speech the very cottage shook. Next eve, dressed up in extra-dainty style, With new silk hat, fit for the most renowned, He second off, haranguing all the while The twilight air with words of wondrous sound. But suddenly, when in a glowing speech, A speech which every heart should echo through, He broke off short and gave a mighty screech Of rage, as from his head the "new tile" flew, And for a roadside puddle quickly made, While Tight, in madly springing to its side, Slipped-stumbled-and within the puddle laid, Whilst "chapeau" fled to regions far and wide. The " talking club" its meeting held that night, But, for a change, was minus Mr. Tight. F. G. WEBB, Southwark. REVERSION. iA word which read backward forms another word.) -M av I first touch my harp in humble praise, A nd in a loyal song my accents raise; R eading so many tributes to our "Tourney's " queen, I would have mine among the off'rings seen, 0 r leave the lists, disgraced, with spurless heel, N ot worthy at her well-last throne to kneel. T wine then, my muse, a chaplet for her brow, A crown of all the sweetest flowers that blow; Y e nymphs of song, her temples with it grace; L ook on, ye knights, anal bow before her face; 0 nly another coronet of praise ye see, B endered to Young Folks' queen of poesy. O ur " Queen of Beauty " may she long remain, U sing her sceptre-pen, and well maintain R ule o'er our columns with her gentle sway, Q ueenly to lead with bright and winsome lay. U nder her banner gather knightly bands, E ich grasping ink-stained lances in their hands, E ach fighting hard with quill and active brain, N or pausing 'till her gracious smile they gain. A. E. HoorPEan. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word) .-Jovial Joachim Jeremy Jinks' a poet-at least, so poor Jeremy thinks; e also imagines he'll make a great hit, a few years to come, as a very bright wit. ow'tis strange, though'tis true, that poor Jo finds it hard convince his dear friends he's a genuine bard; r they-was there ever so hardened a lot P- e "fully convinced that a bard he is not." w a chum told him once, with the noblest intent, he twenty-four hours without nourishment went, ch poetic ideas would course through his brain, at a laureateship he'd eventually gain I ell, of course you will last it was simply absurd, hen I tell you Jo took that dear chum at his word; s, he sat first in hunger to write verses sweet, t, "You know, you can't write without something to' eat !" t his wit I! Oh, his wit is undoulltedly keen I! kes like his, sir, were never in printed form seen I! , at least, he informed me, with sly nods and winks. d why should I doubt jovial Jeremy Jinks P w a proof of his wit this example affords: ese his words: " You no doubt have seen men walk on swords; t that's nothing to what I can do, Mr. Flynn, r this morning I sat on the point of a pin i" en, because Mr. Flynn didn't with merriment choke, Twas because he didn't see the full 'point' of the joke 1" Jo wants me, you know, as a friend good and true, plain question to ask, " Gentle reader, do you P" ARCHER B.. Kentish Town. 12.-A joke, all fresh and youthful, From some first brain had flown; A plagiarist untruthful Retailed it as his own; A comic writer heard it- With business instincts keen, Re afterwards transferred it To a comic magazine. Inserted in a leader, It reached next pinnacle, Amusing many a reader. From thenbe it slowly fell; But Time did naught to quicken The gravitation down, For 'twas in years well stricken When it reached the circus clown! D. Gow. 13.-Something that's eaten oft by you, When 'tis of head bereft, What each ofyou no doubt can do, You'll find will then be left. A. W. Evwm. CURTAILMENTS. A. W. L (Drop the final letter of a:word.leaving another word.) 14.-Now, Ed., I~hink you are unkind, And for two pins I'd speak my mind. It riles me so; for there's Miss Denny-- Now, don't Den(n)y that you take any Cons. she sends; there's Archer B. (He's not Arch, sir, B-elieve me), And yet you take all he may send, And very often them commend. You take those sent by Loveless, too, Which only makes me Love less you. For treating me in such a fashion, It puts me in an awful passion. I cannot--no, I would not yield, Though there were six Eds. in the field !" Excuse me quoting thus the bard, For you'll admit yourself it's hard When T tmoon. . ard,
Th an eziusion, That Ed. should always shower abuse on it, last though it were like dirt. But listen, here: what I assert I'1l do, and make "old Ed." repent That'he has treated cons. I've sent With such disdain. I'll first a question, And see how he treats my suggestion. "Listen, thou Ed. "-this in good faith- "Shall we two fight it to the death Quick! I wait; 'so answer me: Is it 'To be, or not.to-be ?'" 15.. T. ROYSTOx, Birmingham. -y first is an harmonious sound; MY nest will you surprise, For you will see itnot, dear friend, Wk-o 're your open eyes. -T. N'xor. Dudley Colliery.
METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 16.-Pass thy wand over me, genius of rhyme, As sadly I sit by this table; To write out good verse I have tried for first time; But try, how I will, I'm not able. Like Marion L. Taylor, And Free Lance, our sailor, To shine forth as they is my greatest ambition; I'll try very hard To become a great bard, And I'll never give up till I finish my mission. Oh, wondrous sage, just have one bit of pity, And teach me the power I lack, To learn how to write a sweet, melodious ditty; On me, I pray, don't turn your back. You sing that refrain About " Try, try again," Until the time lasts when at last you'll succeed; How I long for that day When I'll hear you all say That my riddles at last they are worthy to read ! J. FRaKxLIN. ROTATION CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in aucoession to form other words.) 17.-Now only branches, bark, and stem are seen, For winter strips the trees quite first of green. If you would next to race me down the lane, You'd find I'd got my running pow'rs again. Oh, yes. He is a villain, for I heard Him threaten cousin Tom with vengeance third. Beware of these as you would poison, friend; For oft they lead unto a dreadful end. When uncle last comes here, he always buys A jolly book, which we all highly prize. W. D. PICKERING, Southwark. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 18.
Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below: ENIGMA. 19.-I'm large, I'm small, I'm high, I'm low, I'm black, I'm white, I'm yellow, I'm curly, fleecy, and I'm known To ev'ry little fellow' A splendid view I oft obscure, Yet oft enhance its splendour, In many minds 'tis known that I The highest thoughts engender. OnION. CONUNDRUM. 20.-Dear riddlers, pray answer- Don't construe this puzzle wrong: "Why are eyelids like schoolmasters P" That won't keep you very long. R. L. Jzsvnnson, Holborn.