,1DPDLE TOURNAMENT. TRANSPOSIT ONS. he let 'r, inn aword to sorn another word.) . .....r.,,,n a minstrel came singing,
n'ioht autinn morning a minstrel came singing, 'e-at -ue the first of his sweetly-tuned lyre, dclear th. Tourey" the music went ringing, ileoverr voiced hard could Erato desire. Bpoe oef the truth in the " Tourney" prevailing ; s of the duty of gallant and knight; og s eir cuyage, undaunted, unfailing, Y oled all my bosom with pride and delight. n i f masks that our singers assume, whisperl. for pardon it wrong the suggestion, plekndO le asked me the question 1 I-eveu I-ever wore noa de plnte i In Ez I smil .d at your querulous spirit ; .proiem, if any, I answer with nmirth, eprobleath my cons., I distinctly declare it, enthes which were given to me at my birth. rehose my minstrels, I cannot refuse you- lthear , stirring fiaals these pages illume, sonfor aye 'twould be sadness to lose you, ai Son pretee it, why, wear noms do ilno ! 9fdu at heart with the skill you display, ceasie m rebukes and ungenerous complaining, While Fame you're attaining. iidclashing of armour, and join in the fray stead. ManIoa TAYLOR, Hampstead. --Y on know, I'm sure, dear Y. F. P., o0 my affection true for thee; Useless to tell at tedious length, N or madly first about its strength. G o on and prosper, kind and true, F end playmate tod instructor too. Of riddles there's about a score, L ong tales and short., a goodly store- & ings could not wt h, I next, for more. Sweet poetry and pictures clear P resent a total twe hold d. ar. A ni, who presides above all these, p leas:ant, while youth exiets, to please? E ver our tlmntakcs we owe to you, Rexpected Editor. Adieu!DI . OD. DINruA R. O'D. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. e the rat tw' citer s or a vw *rd to form uanother word, ex- tire 'set i i the tmimi:tlr ite.i eread the varied odes and lays that tell of earthly spek of Naturo's beauties and its hidden truths ainte i the nmeed dealt out of gratitude and pnaises uglish flowers, and least of all to " buttercups and in praise because I feel the pangs of joys long imple joys that blossomed forth ere graver thought "byhoud's joys were many, but none to mem'ry ises happy dreams as do those flowers, fair " buttercups d daisies." tEnglish heart thrills not with pride, with ardour, d orth joy, giverned by the memory of his pleasures when a olden freaks are cherished as we note each herd that mer y, careless rambles and sweet " buttercups and aisles." English maids will not deny unto their olden knights credit of obtaining many pleasures and delights; knightly breast ne'er felt so brave, no maiden's eye ow gazts hen they went a-gathering bright "buttercups and 'sies," boviah frolic, daring pride, and happy, girlish glee peer depart from memo'ry whilst on earth 'tis ours obe; when all earthliness is past, and silent are our tuod on the grave shall be our " buttercups and sies." V. D. TAYLOR. riddling bard of Warrington, the famous V. D. T., nobly striven to cause a slight diversion; i the "Tourney " recently, as sou mcayhap will see, s tade a really wonderful assertion. ability commendable he jokingly has shown it I'm Jo-E ing, or so this youth surmises; d~saov'ry's so unnerved me, that I wisely make it known at dire would be one more of these surprises. e acknowledging the power which this riddler has displayed, d thanking him for his most kind attention, st egreg:o uterror he unwittingly has made, ich now I take the liberty to mention. oeection have I ever had with Lambeth's famous bhrd, o:0h as a friend I well am proud to claim him; as your worthy efforts hoe will now not disregard, if he does, the task's still left to " Name himi." J. STOCKS, Lambeth. DECAPITATIONS. [)rop the first letter of a \rrd, rlint anotilo wor.' Wird w:ish you ~ to irs, and I think you must know, he reason tlh nublic coinulains; - erevcr yoea go. yo have reason to know That it rains. tnnt ell why there's a flood in the s1ky, 'it there is-so don't puzzle your brains ; dl heave a deep igh, when the wind goeth by, That it rains. not only a shower, but, hour by hour, hen I write my patbetic refrains, ere's a stream on the roof gives most palpable proof That it rains. dense is the cloud that I mutter aloud tmrn English refrain ; but the torrent disdains eh rbane discourse, though 'tis natural, of course That it rains. last that I look from the depths of my book hi st tie last streak of daylight remains, d I think that you know-yes, I'm certain you know- That it rains. H. Cox, Birkenhead. 6.-"Iy forst's another word for hot; If you will please behead, A thing we all do every day You now will have instead. LANcTICLES AND i. T. WIIEELER. 7.-A musical instrument Please bring to minid; Behead, and another Is still left behind. T. IfILLaawsnY. MONOPHONE. ous ol different meaning, but tile same in sound.) 8,-Sirs, is always most unpleasant, Fpr it causes you to groan; Bet is easily s6flved for it is' Quiekly iuen thrdne'Agb, ns you'll own. TERnESA CAES 01TEORE.
DUAGRAMS. (0hange the first two letters of a word to form another word.) (A 9.-The yawning past has swallowed many a year Since, after many a studious midnight hour, 17. We saw. at last, our nmodst v.r~e app-ar Where shone the works of those of greater power, Who long had fir t with brilliant, pens unltil Our )'oueng h'raUs " To,rney " reached its high estate; The "Tourney" I ves, and grows more f(amous still, But where are they who made the " Tourney" great? A few there are-alas! how few they growl-- Who still their voices raise in melody As Luneful now as in the long ago, Though chant they now in clhangtd company. Yet, soon, if life with cares their paths bestrew, When worldly toils their constant secoids claim, Each in his turn will sadly say " Adieu." And leave behind him but a cherished name. But let us not he sad whilst we have friends Who still stand by our " Tournament " so well, Don't Gow and HI. A. Taylor make nmends For those who once inl riddling did excel? 'Tis natural that all our bards should age, And leave this " Tourney" for the world's real strife; And fervently we hope that all who wane Will each succeed unto a prosperous life. S. FRANxLIn AND G. II. PERRY. 10.-Oh, all ye merry "Tourney " knights and ladies, Let me be foremost with a little lay Of welcome to a riddler who has made his Obeisance in our "Toarnament" to-day. Behold! he stands arrayed in sable armour, And in his casque there nods a raven plume- A sombre figure, and appearing far more Sedate than he will prove in time to come. He hails from Manchester-the dear old city So poorly represented in our " T."- Which long has had no champion (more's the pity !) Its honour to uphold, first only me. So glad am I to ne t a welcome hearty To him who itas The Black Knight maines his bow, And who, amid our f nouns "' Tonrnuy " party, Will bear himself right gallantly. I trow. A. AnMnErLCY, Manchester. CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter ofI t word. leavine another wor .) 11.-My friend, I am heartbroken, and for me life has no charm-- 'Tis a sorrow that is crushing, though 'tis mute. (Perhal!ps, ny genial RolerL-and I say it in anl:rm- it is cau-ed by much indulgence in sour fruit.) No, no, my true friend Edward-you are wandering from the truth; iMy soul's anguish is not first by what you say. (Ah, I guess I know the reason, and I have it now, for- sooth- Perchance your favourite Brahmin will not lay ?) It pleases you to jest upon the last of all my pain, Though I'm sighing and bemuoaning my hard fate. (Well, ny friend, I'm truly sorry, but I think I'll guess again, And I'll ask you if for dinner you'd to wait.) Ah, my comforter, adviser, I can see you ne'er will guess Why my heart so sorely grieveth; but to end Your sarcastic, base suggestions it is best I should con- fess 'Tis the toothache that afflicts me, O my friend. R. W. ANDREWS AND E. N. HARRIS. 12.-I first her by the silent, glistening stream; The sky was blne, the sun above was shining; Alas! my thoughts of bliss were but a dream !- Her perfidy has ,"aused me much repining. She vowed that ever to lust she'd be true- No maiden o'er so good and true as she; 3 Though dearer to my heart she daily grew, She eloped with Captain Snooks, and jilted me! 3 E. N. HAulms. 13.-Of a cask I am an essential part; Curtail me, and I delight a child's heart. SAnos. OMEGRAM. i(The last letter of a word is chane'ed to form another word.) 14.--The wants-the real wants-of man Are easy to supply; Some food to eat, a roof o'erhead, A Jb'st on which to lie. Some clothing to protect his form Against the wintry wind; These are sufficient for a man- These, and a peaceful mind. My brother lasts to say he'd like Some walls to keep the roof from sinking; And when the " wintry winds" are out, Something a little warm for drinking. PAVrnicx S., Belfast. NARRATIVE MCETAGRAM. (The first letter of a word is chlang!d, to form another word in tihe narrative.) 15.-Oh, Willie, dear Willie, my brother, My dream of the future has fled; I never can cherish another, Now that hopes and sweet visions are dead. i I thoueht, dear, tha we two, together, Would live thrloghoutt our little life, And now you inform me you'd tether Yourself to a charming young wife. Oh, Willie, how cruel you've proved, dear, When you know that we vowed, firm and true, Not to let any one lie nmore loved, dear, Than you to me, or I to you. You said t hat as brother and sister We both should reumin throughout life; That you never would t iru into " husbaud," Ntcr I into somebody's " wife." You have broken your promise, dear Willie, And listen-I don't care a fig! Indeed, I feel glad that you've done it- So much, that I'm dancing a jig ! If you court that coy, blushing maiden, I'll court a young gallant of song, Who for business, dear brother, I'd tell you, if Sweeps chimneys the weary day long! So, Will, you may marry your sweetheart, And I'll marry mine (this is true). 'Tis useless bemoaning my fate, dear (As useless as listening to you). Instead of us living together, As once we intended to do, I'll live where they gather the heather, And you shall be caged in the Zoo ! NELLI WATSOw, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and hears a different mneaning in the liarllative.) 16.--I once did love a maiden fair, Her name was Fanny Jane, And slhe her heart did give to me, It was a hearty gain. Bult Fanny Janey false did prove, Sh loived a sailor man, And as she valued not my love, I swear I'd nuaive my Fn! A note she read to this eoffect: "Yon are not true," I wrote, "You love a Jackl tar, crloel girl, I'll pitch him in the moat." "But he can swim," she sternly saidi " Vou throei him in the moat, And lthen you'll see. oh, 2nSUghty buoy, IHe'll swiu unto his hoat I" 8. nr B,:as.
NARRATIVE PALINDROME. (A word which roead backwards or forwards is still the same, ox- pressed in the narrative.) 2: 17.-The day was a fine one, the sun shone so brightly Onr the boats as they merrily danced to and fro; B 'Twas Saturday, to, and I left work sa sprightly, Determined to take my d-ar girl for a row. B I soon reached the house where my darling Matilda With her m't and her paL s sedate did reside; C With joy my proposal of b rating soon filled her, Consenting at once in my skill to confide. So off we went gaily towards the bright river, And a frail little bark I soon had to propel . (Dear readers, you will not have reason to shiver, 'Tis n u tale of drowning, so sad, I've to tell). 1 We went along well for a mile and a quarter, I pulled like the " stroke" in the eight ot Cantab, 1 When all of a sudden I slipped, and then caught a- It's known in the boating-man's lingo as " crab." I thought that Matilda would surely be frightened, As she never had been on the river before, But the dear little soul, as a smile her face brightened, Asked what I had caught on the end of my oar! I told her, "A crab, dear-not quite, love, but nearly !" She seemed disappointed, and then said to me, ' " What a pity you dropped it again, Jo, for dearly I'd like a nice piece of a crab for my tea." As may be imagined, I did not endeavour To obtain for Matilda the crab she required; But at tea-time I kissed her, and told her that never Again would I fail to get what she desired, If she'd but accept me, and be my dear wifey- She did, too; and now, as she butters my roll At tea-time, so peaceful, from worry and strife free, I tell her I've caught such a dear little soel. Jo-KIeo, Lambeth. METAGRAMS. (Chance the first letter of a ward to form another word.) 18.-I twang my tuneful lyre ( 'he language please admire)- I feel I'd like to warble " Tra-la-lr, tra-la-la; Though I would lik - to sing Of everlastislg " Spring," The subject on your ears would rather jar, rather jar. But now I am in doubt What I shell sing about- Oh, shall I sing in strains that are so jolly, jolly ? Or I'll lirt and shiver (C::tnne-inactive liver), And hum a tune muost, melaucho:ly, melancholy. Yet I might try a stcavo A1 bout the sad sea wave, And of angry billows always rolling, rolling; Or else of grass and trees, Full moon and gentle breeze, And cheery nightingale's soft carolling, carolling. Or with next, rolling eye, Why, I could even try To sing about the lights both soft and low, soft and low. s Again, to alter case, I'd chant about the chase With merry, merry huntsman's tally ho, tally ho! Then, just my heart to cheer, Whilst eyes with stony glare - Into ambient nothing might be roaming, roaming, Sing a Jubilee ode, To " Fashion." ci la mode, And warble on the subject in the gloaming, gloaming. But here Ill end my lay And put my lyre away, For I am sure it's rather out of tune, out of tune. Your ear. Well, the fact is I'm quite out of practice, But I will sing much better very soon, very soon. F. J. ALLIBnoN, Bath. 10.-Red as gold of Spanish galleons Shone the sunset's dying gleam; But the noise of armoured stallions Broke the tenor of the dream, And the feet of proud battalions Trod the banks of Yarrow stream. Quick the foemen came, advancing Over nmeadow.lands and meres, And the horses, gaily prancing, Neighed awray their riders' fears; And the crimson sunlight glancing, Flashed from twice ten thousand spears. First ,n firsts in wild disorder, Fighting there the foemen stood, Till the nexts of Yarrow water Crimsoned were with English blood, And both armies, bent on slaughter Fought amid th' ensauguined flood. While the leaders, fired with hauteur, Fought again at break of day, Came a form across the water Clad in monkish garments grey. " Stay," he cried, " this needless slaughter, For God's truce begins to-day." Not a missile, not an arrow, Hurtled through the morning air, But the Cross's outlines narrow Rose before them strong and fair, And upon the banks of Yarrow All united were in prayer. ROBERT LE DIAnLE. IHIDDEN NAME. (Find name of" Tourney" contributor.) 20.-Of ills that in nature do come unaware, I think that a headaclie is hiardest to bear; Arid strange though it is, I have found that a cure Has been writ in the I'oeng Feolks-long may it endurel When the spleen comes upon re, I take up a page Of the jokes that I find are the best of the age; And thanks to T. Royston, my doctor to,-night, I began twith a headache he soon put to flight. Oh, Jo-King, I thank you-oh, yes, from my heart- For curing a plague by your jocular art; My love to the punster of " bonny Dundee," For he is the doctor most friendly to me. My thanks to the Ed., yes, for curing a head That might have been doctored by physic in bed; Oh, thankful is he who invented the pills From the Y. F.'s prescription to save doctor's bills. W. LUCCEiUs. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first letter of n, word. lravins another word, expressed Irn tlhe lrra r ive.l 21.--Sweet queen of the " Tourney," of dignified station, Fray deign me a glance of your right royal eye, And fill my poor heart with a fluttering elation At seeing t merit a regal reply. Of course S feel hononred at seeing my name in Our " Iourney," maIde famous by many a knight; Forsooth! ry proor cons. seem more fit, for a gamin To pen, in the place of this trustworthy wight. R. L. JEFFEsSON, London. CHARADE. I'ormed on a word eraoe syllable of which is a word.) 22.-In books my first is found, While a letter glides betwecun And my last is in the groud- It is something ever green. Mly whoile is a Greciuan fable Of mythological lore, And dwells in region isable. S. Sarin, Fulham.
META-OMEGRAIII. (Channe the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 23.-Oh. I've travelled about a first deal in this world, Aud I've tasted the hitter and sw ct: But though I have tr ed. yet I c lunot decide Which sex takes the palm for deceit. The friends of my youth, with their unsullied hearts Tbat once were so happy and gmoy, Grow worldly and knowing, until with their growing They grow all their goodness away. But, come, it is true, though Time's mighty hand Has destroyed them and withered their form, And though they are old, with their blood running cold, Have a spot in their heart that keeps warm. And then there are faces quite youthful and fair That hide many vices that sleep, Thus proving, forsooth, the nud ubtedl old truth " That beauty is only skin-deep." I have had many loves, and I've had many friends In my time on this ocean of strife; But now here I stand all alone in the land, Just as when I first entered this life. The loves they have flown, and the friends they have gone Other pleasures and friendships to seek; The friends, it is true, st yed a fto tniglht or two, But the loves only lasted a week. And now as I last on this pitiful world, This mixture of eagles and doves; While they lasted 'tis clear that the friends were sincere. So the palm for deceit is the loves l For wherever you go in this world, you wil1 find, From the far-away west to the east, When you feel most at rest that they love you the best, 'Tis a sign that they love you the least. I. A. TArI.ort, Birkenhead. DOUBLE AGROSTIC. (The Ilnal letters, as well as the initlals. form a word, or words.) Founldation WVords. 24.--Where is now that merry "party" I remuembered long ago ? She whose songs so c:ay and hearty To the " Pouruey" used to flow. Htas she gone from is for ever ? Shall we hear 'r h voice no more ? She whose ridiles were so clever. Lady, antswer, I implore. Cross iords. - Tis is an island f:unous for its rum; This organ of tur sienses has a drumi ; This is what fishermen cast in the sea; This nmeans close by, as neighbours are to me; This means extempore, if I ams not wrong ; T'is means come iu; and now I'll end Msy song. b. WooD. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.l 25.-To those kniehts of the " T." Who are puzzled by r1e, Yet complimellt sweetly a " Maidenc!" This fact I would state, From a place my cons. late, An island well known and wine-laden. Pray accept this as truth, E ch quizzical youth I My initials iare ugly--what's clearer P I omit the Z. B. That deuomiiuato me, And my resideuce sign thus-" Madeira." Yet, though fond of my isle, Wines seldom begnmle Me to taste them (L'm first comiug nearer !). Shall I secont here plight The adventurous knight Who will seek o'er the sea for MADIr at ? NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAII. (Change the first an I last letters of a worlm to form another word, expressed in the nar t. tive.l 26.-A young bachelor once said that marriage Meant " imprisonment " really for life; 'Twoultl be quite the " otto of roses" For that good man to have a young wife. But a boon wouli eoufiuement prove To him in a " temple of roses;" He'd cease to think of his old-time friends, And take the new pleasure in doses. His impudence calls for some censure; So in conclave we'll gather around, Lest his conduc:t should give men conuceit, And his vainu belief gain some ground. Why is marriage-oh, young b:.achelor, say- The rule, and not tile exceptiou ? If really 'twere bad at all, at all, Would not all meni rather the step shun P No, we must defend " rights of woman;" Learn, then, bachelors, each one of you: The ladies you call your inferiors Are as clever, as good, and as true. Surely, now, in this wide world of ours There are some of the" fair sex " can please you ? Perhaps, though, you spurn every girl Just because there are one or two tease you ? AmnY DENNY AND FLORA RUSSELsL. ENIGMA. 27.-Although my name has letters eight, I have not yet a 13; I always give the proper date Wherever I may be. I have an M1, also a C, And end with letter K; Although I have no E or D, I still commence with A. G. W. HArMAN.