NIRI)Lr E TOU JNAMIEi NT. NArItTIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION.
(pIoP hth 11iI0 yie- t-ti'V it woard i.:itvl, g ULIhL' word, l.-They are chanting, they are chanting Lovers' lays beieath the trees; And the strains are sweetly sounding, Borne along the passing breeze. Oh I they seem so sweet resounding 'Neath the moon above the trees. They are dancing, they are dancing 'Neath the clear light of the moon, Whilst the dale and copse are ringing Unto merry harvest tune, And the men and maidens singing 'Neath the mellow harvest moon. Merry bells are clanging, clanging Lend and long o'er heath and lea. Wedding bells will soon be clanging Far and wide their minstrel-y, Swingiug, swingiug, pealing, ringing Out a nuptial melody. JUAN, Claughton. META-PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the first letter and last butlot one of word, to form (Change another word.) 2.-Where the lir-t bea-hoe sos curling Rise and fall with glitteingg crests; Where ashore the waves are hurling, Diamond-spray in showers upwhirling, Full against the granite breasts, Ebb and flow, advance, retreat, Splash and surge with fuller swelling, Till upon the steps they beat, 'Gainest their prison-house rebelling. Darkiing clouds on high are drifting To and fro in rugged mass; Now anon the mist is lifting, Then cloud-pillars, slowly shifting, Let the sun-rays shooting pass; Gathering closer, now they shut From the carth the sunset glories, And the dense dark forms abut On the rocky promiontories. Wild the birds are flying, screaming, In their swift uncertain swoop, Pilious shake, and feet are gleaming, Eyes are wild-lit waters streaming As the feathers rise or droop. Shake and shower, and shoot and wheel, Joyance rings in sea-bird laughter, And the briny breeze they fel As the storm they follow after. From behind the hills the thunder Sends a rnmbliig on the wind, Pitchy sea is tossing under, Vessel-waifs are sncut asunder, Lost the town lights f tint behind. Louder grows that voice, and far Hills and valleys are replying, Till is ended Nature's war, And the sound is lost in dying. With the quenching of the lightning, Skyey darkness breakls in twtiu ; Gone tho blackness, terror hIeighlt'ning, Far and near the sea is brightening, And the west is red again. Though the b eakers sullen fall, Luminous the skies are growing, And the sounds of evening call In the breezes softer blowing. IvANHOE, Belfast. NARRATIVE META.PR ECE-OMEGRATIIS. (Change the first letter and last bnt rio o r it wtord to form il otvmOr i Weild, expressed hinm i t Iw nIF titl 'O.) 3.-In countri s for and near I've journeyed, O'er land and sea I've travelled greatly; 'Hlong people lowly and nnlearniid I've lingered, and 'midst rich and stately; And all confess, Just more or less, The wondrous pow'rs That can be ours In Smithson's Hair Restorer. The buzzing fly, oh ! plague incessant, Has found at length a trap to slaughter. If gentlemeu should want at present To give to loving wife or daughter, I've here a ring, No worthless thing; The latest hat, Or if not that, A watch of patent silver. This jewelry, now, mayhap may tempt you, The quahlty won't stan d abusing; My patent soap will quite exempt you From labour great by simply using. If you will look, I've many a book - Of love's tale old, Of wealth untold, And tales of bold adventure. Tie world has blessed this great invention- A medicine f-,r all diseases; But really, gents, I can't all mention, Just each one a k for what he pleases. You'll doubtless o',n That what I've shown- A fri-nd in blue I think I view : I'll try my patent boots, sirs ! .1. STocKs AND E. GEORGE. i--Sir Snigh is funny, comical, and gay, In business, leisure, merry as the day; A "thumping joke" he loves, but he is stumped If by the humour of the joke he's thumped. Buffooneries are pretty good, and Suigh Can just contrive a doutItful face awry. Amusing quips are what lie best does love Beyond the puister weak, the clown above; But harsh indeed, and aggravating, too, Is when an audience will iot laugh with you. You d..em your joke of all to snatch the " cake," Whose vary crumbs should keep all night awake. Alas! for eyes which w'oel't see as yout will, Nor swallow what you think a charming pill! Forsooth ! the quips and cranks we made a ghost of, Kind readers loud applauded-made the most of. We make our bow, and end our trivial chat, So give your plaudits, and "pass round the hat." V. D. TAYLOR AND TrE B. P., Manchester. HIDDEN BIRDS' NAMES. 5.-Can we afford our Charles an overcoat ? He lust his other on the Grimsby boat. Poor Frederic rowed his llst that day, For now the waters o'er hisi play. Carl Arkwright was an honest man; He dearly loved a girl named Fan. One day, not much against his wish, George Tomlin netted loads of fish. E. GEORGE AND E. J. SCHOFIELD. ANAGRAM. 6.-Come, F. D., exert hard a rib, good cantab. The oprds above, when placed aright, A noted contest bring to'bight. K. M. S. O'NEILL.
NARRATIVE DOUBLE DUAGRAM. (h01anged the IIt s' rw , l.Itt, , or I w ) w, d r t", orrlm two other words. exprouelled in t.e Ii u rl'atilv.) 7.-I know you're loving, \arv Juane, And love your victimns madly; I know you're loving. Mary Jane, But I'm mistaken sadly If e'er unselfish love your heart could move. I know you're >outliful, Mary Jane, Not more than two-and-twenty ; I know you're youthful, Mary Jane, But there art, others plenty More worthy to be sung, and just as young. I know you're pretty, Mary Jane, As art can make a beauty; I know you're pretty, Mary Jane, But hope 'tie not my duty To love a face, though fair, false as your hair. I know you're sturdy, Mary Jane, A creature strong and hardy; I know you're sturdy, Mary Jane, But I confess I'm tardy In noticing that this assures us bliss. 1 know you're clever, Mary Jane, Among alst,'actious iental; I know you're ,:lever, Mary Jane, But fancies transcendental Scarcely for tongue Irate can compensate. I know you're wealthy, Mary Jane, And wealth, I know, bewitches; I know you're wealthy. Mary Jane, But all your he ,ps of riches Can never make me crave to be your slave. I do not love you, Mary Jane, The solemn truth I mention; I do not love you, Mary Jane, And 'tis not my intention To drop upon my knees your hand to seize. PHILo, Glasgow. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex. pressed in the narrative.) 8.-Dear maiden, I've wondered both deeply and oft On a curious and mystical story; I've hummed, and I've ha'd, and I've hemmed, and I've coughed O'er this curious and mystical story. But I only got mixed-more confused than before, In trying to fathom this contusing old lore. A tale from the Scriptures-that ancient man, Job, The specimen, perfect, of patience: For months, in spare time, I've done nothing but probe To reach the extent of his patience. Though his troubles were great-quite refined, in good sooth- Was he ever disturbed by an aching big tooth ? Fra Perciva, I've studied deeply, with pain, Your curious and mystical lines, sir; I've read and re-read, and re-read once again, Your curious and mystical lines, sir. "But I only got mixed," so gave up in despair, As I've searched mainy books, but can't find anywhere A reply to your questiou re " ancient man Job, That specimen, perfect, of patience 1" For hours, "in spare time, I've done nothing but probe," But, really, I have no patience ! Still, friend, if you're troubled with an "aching big tooth," Why, have it pulled out: 'twill your pain ease, in good sooth ! Amy HALLO T AND t RA PEItCIVA. (With apologies to Miss Diana R. O'D., Cork.) 9.-Ah ! we've got you at last, merry, rhythmical fairy, We have now routed out that which worried us sore; We've discovered your name, and you ask us how dare we Expose what has puzzled a good many more. You perhaps how we made this discovery wonder, And would certainly like to enlightened be, How we found out the name of the girl who writes under The famous pen-name of " Dian. R. O'D." The puzzling thing was to find out the surname, And so with exultation we draw back the shroud; We've found it, and publicly tell you that her name Has ever been known as "Diana O'Dowd." And now, sure, it's time we received the Queen's bounty For disc osing to view this fair lady of Cork; We are not quite certain if 'tis city or couap y That contains the fair theme for our " Tournament" talk. TwIN Anmias, Cork. TRIOGRAM. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word.) 10.-In the days of my boyhood, so guileless and free, W hen clear of scholastic oppression, I invaded an orchard so tempting to me (I'd not lucid thoughts of possession), But when in the first of my next I was stopped By the farmer, who showed great displeasure When his hammer-like fist on my shoulders he dropped (Of this I, I'm sure, had full measure), Though quaking with fear, Shedding many a tear, Did I doubt for one moment if he was sincere ? When the years rolled away, and from school I emerged, And entered my chosen profession, By my rash inclination I promptly was urged To fall into love-scarce discretion. I adored a fair maiden, an a ,gel (of course), I loved in a method alarmiing, But soon was discarded without e'en remorse- A jilt was the maiden so charming. When in less than a year She eloped, it is clear, I doubted, well hardly, if she was sincere. Maybe you've encountered a damsel as fair, Quite perfect (they're that for a season): Admitting so much, she will oft, you're aware, Just quarrel without any reason. The feminine mind's so erratic, that we Must question its motives, oh, never; When concord prevails, and the maid says she'll be Quite true to her love (you) for over, And lisps in your ear The title of " dear," Do you doubt for one moment if she is sincere ? J. STOCKS, Lambeth. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Clhange the first and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) l.--In a lonely country glade I met a pretty maid, Who won my heart completely, you must know; She wore a little bonnet, With a bunch of roses on it, And beneath her chin 'twas fastened in a bow. Said I, "My pretty miss, Oh, graut me but one kiss!" Thus was I answered by the cruel fay: " If away you do not go, I will call my brother Joe, Who will give you cause to rue this very day." But I did not go away, So this cruel little fay Did as she threatened-called her giant brother. Fell the blows, each with a whack, On my body and my back ! As for maids, I never tried to kiss another. E. J. SOHOFIELD AND J. LEIGet. CONUNDRUM. 12.-When is a shopkeeper's till like a 40-pounder Armstrong gun ?-E. SsARtstL, Limerick.
ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of thll initial lotters of other words.) Foundation Words. 13.-To our own Terp-i,,horeau stage he belongs, He's an actor of great cliom p ,wcrs ; In his musical sketcstes or humorous songs He can entertain people for hours. Cross leords. This is for dinner an excellent treat; On the table at Christmas it looks very neat. People do this when they're hungry, I ween, All nations and stations from peasant to queen. In this entertainment my subject makes jokes, In a theatre not far from the house of Young Folks. This recreation some people pursue In our famed Rotten Row; it's good exercise, too. This you will do if your temper is bad, Though it's very ill-mannered and awfully sad. People are fond of indulging in this, And it's really a form of most beautiful bliss. A humorist this is, without any doubt. And a friend of the actor's L'm writing about. This is a firework that shoots to the sky, And explodes in the air when it's up very high. This a bivalvular shell-fish, you'll see; They're good and nutritious for you and for me. This is the time of the year when the trees Begin to look green in the fresh healthy breeze. Thins later on is the time to decide For a trip out of town to the merry seaside. This is a lady most dear to us all, Our friend and adviser whate'er should befall. This is the science of all kinds of fishes, From whales to sticklebacks swimming in dishes. This is delightful each day about four In a room with true friends and warm-carpeted floor. And, lastly, at this best of places I live: If I've bored you at all, well, I hope you'll forgive. J. W. SEWELL. Foundation Word. 14.-In the riddling " Tourney's" pages Btest a host of well-known folk, And these merry, witty sages Love to please us with a joke. But this writer, with his pen-name, You must rank amongst the best; He has by hard work gained his fame, And he well has stood Time's test. Cross Words. A quality of total in my first You'll quickly see, if in the art you're versed. 'Gainst him no second can you ever take, Or surely second I myself should make. He is our third--a merry, witty third; For many months have we his verses heard. With fun doth he right often fourth this page ; Oh, yes, he is a brilliant, valiant sage. He has much firth, and shows it often here, To make a smile upon our face appear. I've always said that he is last. and I Will e'er maintain it till the day I die. S. DE BE:AR AND DROFFO, London. Foundation Word. 15.-A soldier hero, good and brave, In a foreign land he has his grave; True to the last with his gallant band He stood, till struck by coward hand. Cross Words. For first please find a precious stone; My next, if good, has splendid tone; Third an admiral who battles won; Fourth weary makes 'neath burning sun; Fifth will disclose a well-known tree; The ancients thought last under sea. Coaono. NAREATIVE METAGRAM. IThe first letter of a word is chaaged, to form another word in tile 1narratIve.) 16.-One chilly night our sovereign king, Mephisto, held his court, And did invite a worthy knight who far and wide was sought, Which was not right that such a sight we o'er should come to see, Who in the height of fame so bright had left our Zuyder Zeo. This knight is known in "Tourney's" ranks, that home of genial wit, Upon whose throne the world renowned Queen Marion doth sit; And he has grown in knowledge as Mephisto's page Diable, But to this post Mephisto owned his claims were but a fable. And so this meeting was convened to settle once for ever If Robert le Diable should not his connection sever, Ann publicly avow that he was merely an intruder, For, thus to take this royal name, coulad anything be ruder? So it was put unto the vote if he was worth the keeping, Which vote was 'gainst Diable, and he took his exit weeping; Then Mephistopheles exclaimed, in words which thrilled our marrow, " My representatives on earth are SCHNEIDER AND BI5OAD ARROW." NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, buit the same in sound, expressed in the narratlve.) 17.-In our journal, Y. F. P., A con. there is, I see, By witty Samuel Archibald De Bear; A question he has asked. Us riddlers he has tasked, And 'tis a puzzler, too, I must declare. I scarce know what to think As I write this down in ink-- The question's rather difficult to solve; I may cause you to smile, Yet if you'll list awhile The answer i'll endeavour to evolve. "Is writing for this 'T.' A failure ?" queries he; I answer without hesitating, " No I" Each reader, if he's bright, May soon necome a knight, And he would get a welcome here, I know. HxcToa, Islington. LOGOGRIPH. (A word whish may bh treated as a metagram, deoapitaieon, dele- tion, and traispositlon, but leaves a pertect word alter scah oerastion.) 18.-Ere I did first the ink I was intent ln writing a con. for the "Tournament," Of style so ourious, so strange in guise, That knights and ladies would ope wide their eyes. This sad misfortune truly I bewailed, "Now," thought I, "must my riddle be curtailed;" And though I studied long, I only found That second was the same as first in sound. But, luckily, I saw by reversing this Thatall the parts were here for tempting kiss; Sowith pen seyrly xgy, and patience gone, I finish my inisignificant con. So-Looe.
ARITHMOREMIS. (An acrostic. The letter ,f r,.t w- -rd thatearse oman numerals rxln~es-rd in li liroe. oericdation Word. 10.-yI'v a minute to sp tr.e, so I think I will write A riddle to grace the " H. T." Though real y if sut,j tts, I've none to indite, I hope tlht ,ispleas, d yon'll not be. Mayliap I could s ng 4f our nuutial joys, Of the army, and varioun things; . Or else I could mention a few of the "boys " Who haunt pugilis. ical rings. Perchance I'd compo-e some original slang In a manner to make you disgusted; But, no, I'll essay a most notable- Bang ! Oh, dear mel our boiler has "'busted!" The prinmals is dire, but I'll bravely proceed With this most enigmatical rhyme, Though still at a loss as to what you most need As diversion to waste leisure time. That I am no good it apparently seems, 'Tis useless the fact to reveal; Perchance you to ime would suggest some good themes If it happened that I should appeal. I know riddling kuowl -dee I woefully lack-- I trust that at this you'll not jeer; I'm sure- I've just happened to tread on atack, The world seems, indeed, very drear ! Cross Words. 601 and e Our first is a method of gambling. 1,002 ,, aton A sum that at school we were taught. 1,501 ,, renaegn For third you might substitute "ram- bling." 100 ,, era A measure of laud must be sought. 151 ,, rages The Alps of our filth possess num- bers. 50 ,, year But now, as it hardly is this, We'll leave this bright page for our slumbers, Such scribblers you cannot well miss. J. STocws ADn E. GEORGE. Foundation VWord. 20.-Sometimes you listen in silence lone For a girlish voice that is all your own; Sometimes you dream of a little hand That lingers in yours at lovo's sweet demand; Sometimes you watch for a figure fair, White robed and noiseless, with falling hair. Cross Words. 11 and hnps A fabled monster here you'll see; Its name, I'm sure,'s well known to thee. 1,102 ,, wa A boy's Christian name; Pray tell us the same. 1,550 ,, eras A precious stone, And 'tis well known. 5 ,, egereern A lovely plant here will be seen; Winter and summer it is green. 100 ,, kat A naughty youngster stuck this in my chair, So when I sat down I wasn't long there. 100 ,, tehro A new sage this will bring to light- He means to vanquish every knight. 50 ,, peethan A monstrous animal see here, And 'tis well known to you, I fear. 1,000 ,, ourra Worn in battle in days of old, Worn by riddling gal-ants bold. 5L ,, sar The iron serpent runs on these; Find it our, dear riddlers, please. 51 ,, tet A mark of distinction here is seen, Which you all would like to own, I ween. A. SEALEr AND SII CLAUDE DE VERE. Foundation Word. 21.-A region that's ever cold and drear, Where stoutest hearts have cause for fear; 'Midst bitterest snow and keenest frost Some brave explorers' lives were lost. Cross Words. 1,000 and sbahu In warfare 'tis a foe's surprise. l0O ,, kro Hard, and sometimes of great size. 150 ,, nyeo Spices are exported from this isle. 1 ,, nrta It quickly covers many a mile. 102 ., whsp An eastern English county town. 100 ' tonreo This is an interi,r crown. H. HAt DEN, Isliugton. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and cear, a lilfferent meaning in the narrative.) 22.-Who is Droffo? Who is Drffo ? Nellie Watson's faied to guess; And this riddler, this bright riddler, Is a mystery, I confess. Can you tell me ? can you tell me Who the knight is with this mask ? I am curious, very curious, So, dear Cecil, try this task. Why, it's Offord-Harry Offord I This young knight of "Tourney" fame, As you will see, yes, you will see, If you but transpos; his name. ClAIRE AND CECIL, Belfast. CHARADE. (Formed on a word erS, riy' l ne of whhll is a word., 23.-In first you will see A rather strong tree; For second a fruit call to mind; Now whole grows on first ; With laughter don't burst, But the answer for me please find. Sissr WATIrNs, Watford. SQUARE WORDS. 24.-First in lamps is often placed- Lamps of .ecoeid, firm and strong; Then a cure for toothache traced; Body part, if I'm not wrong. C. F. BLACKBURN.