RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPLE NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters of ihree words to form three other Iexpressed in the narrative.) }
1.-Old Simon Brodie (often hight Simon the cellarer) one night Entered his house of call, Seated himself upon a bench, And to the buxom waiting.wench For ale did loudly bawl. The cat, that slumbered by the fire, Soon seemed to rouse old Simon's ire, He gave it such a kick. The host observed the act with fear; He knew that Simon's ways were queer When he was choleric. Nor groundless was his fear. That night, Old Simon, spoiling for a fight, Knocked off his neighbour's hat, And seizing, then, the plumed head-gear, He filled it from his can with beer, And calmly smiled thereat. Who could depict the owner's rage P Three squires, five men-at.arms, a page, And others sitting by, All seemed to feel affronted, too, And each upon the culprit flew, With anger in his eye. The host begs piteously for peace; His cries the tumult but increase. With terror nearly dead, How little could that worthy do P. He stopped a flying jug, 'tis true, But stopped it with his head I Into the ruined bar.room fell The dawning beam that Phaobus shed; It kissed the page's broken head (But not, alas I to make it well). A man-at-arms beside him knelt, And strove, but vainly, to displace Tno helmet jammed upon his face (Such blows old Simon's whinger dealt i). Two of the squires lay on the floor, Dishevelled, breathless, bruised, and pale; They wallowed in a pool of ale, Believing it was human gore I Simon, the direful spring from whence These woes unnumbered, at this hour, Snug on his couch in Preston tower, Slept the sweet sleep of innocence I D. Gow. ENIGMA. 2.-From day to day I'm thirsted for by many, By many my approach is hailed with fear; Throughout the land I'm daily, price a penny, And yet am weekly, too, from year to year. I come from far-off shores and distant islands, And yet am found within your neighbour's door; I soar aloft o'er mountain-tops and highlands, And thaough the winding glens I swiftly pour. I bring you joy, I bring you many a sorrow, I'm older far than I can safely say; To day I'm peaceful, warlike on the morrow, I quickly grow, and slowly die away. To me some thousands owe their sole existence, And of the deaths of others I'm the cause; I'm daily spreading, spite of all resistance, And often tumble from your very jaws. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 3.-Beside the frosty window-rane I stood, And, glancing out, beheld a huddled form Bent down as low as human figure could, Beneath the fury of the raging storm: "A homeless man I",and through my busy brain Distressful visions I allowed to flow, First somehow felt a throb of kindred pain, To view a brother in such bitter woe. But there be knelt, while Pity in my heart Her kindly arrows shot with perfect aim; My modest-next I hastened to impart, Determined he at least one friend could claim. "Accept this piece of bread," was all I said, And yet it seemed the beggar to amuse, For, with a laugh, he answered, " Keep yer bread; I'm only stopping here to tie my shoesl" F. G. WEBB, Southwark. BETAGR&M. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 4,-Philanthropy's a priceless gem, But common-sense is e'en a better; When men are poor, do well by them, But don't make ev'ry man your debtor. When I was rich, Augustus Y-, My most particular old crony, Informed me he was troubled by A paucity of ready money. My purse was large, my heart was good- His thoughtlessness I never chid it-- I said I'd first him what I could; And I not only said-1 did it 1 When I was poor, and in Life's sea Sought next in vain, while wading through it, Augustus said he'd succour me; But, somehow, he forgot to do it! LA LAcHaaYiosE, MONOPHONES. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 5.-The dew is falling softly (Six of my bills are due), The day is done (a dun won't wait), I hear the wild sea-mew; A mist hangs like a primal Over the next below, And I can see the spreading sea (Oh, dear, how much I owe I). Our hour of rest has well-nigh come (I groan, my debts have grown). A scene enchanting here is seen- (I moan)-the hayis mown; Close by the beach the beech trees stand. Lo ! now the sun is low, 'Tis time for me to be inside, So to the inn I go. DxAncs. 6.-With panting first the next runs on- I hope he'll not be caught; But, ab i the huntsmen come this way- They've found him whom they sought. F. PHILLIPS, Mottinghiam. CHARADE. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a word.) 7.-When daily toil is o'er, but few Will e'er object my ;firat to do, Nor often fail to.like iny second; So both conjoined can well be reckoned. Further, 'tis true on calm reflection, That either halved, or in connection, My whiole's a word thatnone expect to Find a single wight objectto; Rather, all might wish it gaily Near our undertakings daily: This you'll owni when once you con. it, Few will turn theirlbaksupon it. E, :6 ~ Ilvn~8 irnmingbd"
CENTRAL DELETION. Dop a letter from the centre of a word to form another.) S.mTwas Kittie's birthday yesterday, And all our playmates came ; We had a feast of fruit and cake, And many a jolly game. But I am sure, of all the rest, Our friends liked our charades the best. Fair cousin Maude, with dainty firsts, A charming fairy made; And Eve and Cis, in satin gowns And flowing nexts arrayed, By their sweet looks and winsome ways, Won quite a large amount of praise. QUEENIE. METAGRAMS. aChange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 'is night-and a first night it is; no moon, stars to pierce th' impenetrable gloom, i yet the midnight taper burns within my room. d urn it shall-that flick'ring midnight taper- il I write a con. for Young Folks Paper. such a night imagination weaves aage fantasies of murders, burglars, thieves, S Next ! Methought I heard a dragging sound, f a heavy body pulled along the ground. sense; 'tis but the watch-dog's dismal third, i1 al is still, and not a leaf has stirred. Sc.n. is doue. How fast the time has passed! I'll retire, to rise again with last. P. S., Belfast. 10.--In primal, friends, if you but think, You'll see a most reviving drink; Now, change the head, and forfeiture In what remains you will procure. The operation please repeat, Your vision, then, is sure to greet A number small well known to you; Change head, a tree comes into view. The foremost letter now deface. Then put another in its place, A plant growing in a warm clime Is what remains. This ends my rhyme. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. CURTAILMENT. fDrop the feal letter of a word, leaving another word.) I think I'll take a subject new in hand, To write a line or two upon to-day; 1'll choose that of the pantomimes, which now In nearly every town are holding sway. last children witness, with such keen delight, The merry, grinning imps dart through the traps; pe parents wonder, with a qualm of fear, iow 'tis first do not meet with more mishaps. Land when the laugh at these has had its way, "A change comes o'er the spirit of the dream;" For troops of laughing, dancing girls trip on, And to the children's eyes real fairies seem. In truth, the young and old alike are pleased, And heartily enjoy the evening's fun. 'ben who'd agree with those who run it down, And say we mustn't go P " Not I, for one." ANNE A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. ANAGRAMS ON BIRDS. It reas a cr so pitiful, I stood And strove to pierce the darkness of the wood. Tom Marlow is the maker, and I'm sure I never saw a nicer watch before. He's crying now, the peevish little thing, Because he has no cord to make a swing. Strange that I should not know the man again; He lives with Mr. Brett in Golden Lane. Now please to find my coat, cook said 'twas there, Although I've hunted nearly everywhere. Oh! mia cara, on my bended knee, lIy love and life I gladly offer thee. Although I stumbled over many things, With speed I fled; fear seemed to lend me wings. I always like it hot, but as the pan Is dirty, we must no the best .we can. W. D. PICKERaNG AND J. A. MARSHALL. DOUBLE ACROSTIC. nalletters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. ith furious roar the cannon hurl their bolts across he plain, Belgic sward soon drinks the blood of dying and the ain; the thick, sulphureous clouds arise and hide the orb f day, onghto stay the eye of Heaven from gazing on the undel by his vet'ran guard-the pride of all his orce- I as sculptured centaur, sat my primals, on his well be knew the day was lost-his power passed way- s ome desperate movement changed the fortunes fthe day. the Old Guard, with a cheer, dashed madly at the Oe barred their way to victory in the blood-stained ale below. gthat that" thin red line " they find their chivalry at vain; waver-halt-then wildly fly across my final's plain. Cross tYords. A this.minded person's detested by all, His principles being both meagre and small. In this part of our " Tournament " Our clever riddlers fight; Displaying the effpsi6ns which Their genius brings to light. .A sacred and a learned man It takes to make my third. King David was the greatest one Of any I've e'er heard. Bly next is a number-not seven, nor three; So oplease kindly guess what this number may be. vaoid my fifth, as it leads to damnation; causes great sorrow and deep aggravation. A man of great nobility, Who should possess ability, And also great gentility, SAnd likewise some docility. A grand composition, Impressing to hear, Mominis all
And causing a tear. 1Iy last you will find is a man of complexion, ho's awfully dark, likewise all his connection. S. PFEANLnIX AND G. H. PERRY. LOGOGRIPH n rlimay be reated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- opertd transposition, but ieaves a perfeost word after each 14.-g number less than twelve please take, Qut off its slender head a ftUous Scottish lskB draws nigh, ee'rewa?tves the leahther.red. ehead once more--no axe you'll need . For night will end your toil ; But r f Crta8iled` ab "ingse .` W aho tro fa Eden'soi
ACBOSTIC. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other wordgJ Foundation Word. 15.-In olden times, 'mid merry chimes, And arms and armour glistening, With martial sounds on every side, And knights and ladies listening, With chargers gay equipped for fray, Surrounded by the dancing light, And costly gems and brilliant eyes All sparkling in the glancing light. In modern times, 'mid merry rhymes, And verses rounded prettily, 'Mid friendly rivalry in puns, And jokes propounded wittily, Where knights contest their very best, Though never injure wilfully, And ladies take an active part, And fight for fame right skilfully. Cross Words. From year to year I pace my ceaseless way, While 'neath my mighty hand men fall eaoh day. Beneath Italian skies of azure hue This well.known fruit will surely come to view. Shout the news on every hand; make the people under. stand That this jovial riddling band is my third throughout the land. If " Fortune " had but blest me with this power, Sweet verses I would write each passing hour. That beauty gains admirers is but truth, And sometimes it may win the heart's affection; But be not like this vain and foolish youth, Who loved his own reflection. 'Tis for ever, Ceasing never. A blessing and a curse--no need to doubt it; Yet people think they could not do without it. Sweet daughter of Mnemosyne, aid me to-day, And make my lyre pour forth a lover's lay. Though my coat be frayed and worn, Though my back be bent with age, Though 'tis years since I was born, Always fresh, I'm still the rage. Grim Father Time ne'er fails to bring An end to ev'ry earthly thing. MARION AND Any. GEOMETRICAL PUZZLE. No. 16. Cut out of either cardboard or wood, four of each of the diagrams as above. Let them be exactly of the same shape and proportions. Arrange them so as to form the figure represented below:
CONUNDRUM. 17.-Dear readers, can you name for me The largest specimen of ant ? I hope you'll answer speedily, And not give up and say " I can't." W. NOLAN, Clonmel.