ltIDULE TUUltNAMENT, TTT1( EP A TLBTInarrve
(Drop the final letter of a word, leaving another WordJ 1.-For twenty years our pocket-money went Within a box concealed beneath the floor. And very little 'twas we ever spent- In fact., we only longed to treasure more. But what was our ambition P you will ask. Well, that to you we'll very quickly shu'w t A "Sociable" to purchase was our task, And how we used our idolyou shall kuiow, It shone like burnished golI'before our eves - And all our friends with envy grew aghast' With gloating visions gazed they at our prize, And stamped upon their hats in rage at last; Whilst we, in couscious pride, regarded not Their vengeful looks, but in a week or two Had laboured so to ride it, that we'd got Au fait in all its points before we knew. At length we first of starting on a tour, And settled that to Jericho we'd go; We changed our minds, next, after, and were sure We'd better go to Ramsgate for a blow. We started off in high, delighted glee, Our cycling costumes looking bright and gay, Determined that a glorious time we'd see, But little thinking how we'd fare that day; When all alone within that narrow lane A bull came charging full at our machinue; Head over heels we went, while once again He crashed through bar and wheel with vengeful mien, Then, when he'd gone, all bruised and turn we rose, blung on our arms the wreckage strewn around, Walked fifteen miles to buy a suit of clothes And, mad with rage, a train to London found. WEnB AND HODGti, 2.-Where Mersey omingles with the sea, And naval trade presides, Oh, there (and hallowed let it be) The "Tourney's" queen resides, Sweet lark of Mersey I sure thy line, Where truth and cheerfulness entwine, A muse of gladness guides. Oh, queen of riddlers and of hearts, We next thy song and grief departs. In the chief city of the land, Where busy commerce reigns, He lives, in English diction grand, But Scotch blood in his veius. Oh, Milton of the riddlers' muse, Whose thought exalts, but cons. confuse, Long may thy lofty strains Be first among us, to inspire All "Tourney " warriors with thy fire. F. SMITH, Birmingham, METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form anothor nworJ 3.-In our columns here I find Cores. of almost every kind- Lines from each and every town Of both great and small renown; But our city I don't see. Liverpool, where can you he P Have we no poetic mind Cannot we a champion lind ?- None that bloodless war ean wage With the soldiers in our page ? Jones and Lorraine are but two: Where are all the rest of you ? Shall it be that Brum can say They can beat us in the tray ?- They can first sweet, flowing lines Dug from deep, poetic mines ? Or that Southwark can us beat With their steel pens sharp and fleet? Never I Wave aloft on high Our bright banner 'gaiust the sky; Next such doubtful thoughts behind- lMarch, in one strong band combiLed. (Loq.) "Ted, old boy, for this you'll rue; They'll play the very deuce with you." E. BLAIR, Liverpoo:, 4.-Fresh knights are constantly appearing, In our " Tourney" to compete, To strive for first, and never fearing E'en to contemplate defeat. Knights whose absence did alarm us, Knights whose nexts so well we know, Have returned once more to charm us As they did so long ago. And our " Tourney" band is swelling: Ladies fair and gallant knights Praises constantly are teilhug Of our stars, the " 'Tourney' lights." A. AMBERnn.E, Mlanchester, 5.-My whole a famous riddling )nirght Who in the " Tourney" olt will fight. This riddle is short, but don't be vexed If I sign my name and make my next. A, DTIIErs, PRECE.OMEGRiAM. (Chalige the last letter but one of a word to form nnoathcl wcrd- 6.-Dear riddlers all, while I have tit I'll write a line or so; But of what they are to consist I'm at a loss to know. I hope good health you all eujoy, And that all ill are better ; Oh, dear I how ignorant I a:n In writing you this letter ! Now the eraser I must use, And just begin again ; Hoping that you are, riddlcrs--well, In the severest pain. I've been, for the iast day cr two, f'irst thinking I must write Unto you, dearest riddlers, The trouble of'to-night. I know I'm complimentary, I know I'm always nice; That's why I'm never wanted To write a letter twice. So now I'll last you all farewell, And close-my letter duly, Hopilg you'll still think kindly of The nndeYrdgnee Yours trltr ly, F ~OtLt, tthigbtrnh NjARRATIVE OMEC RA2I a IThe last letter ofaworr 4is teu'nge t to term a1nther war iat . . . n.. arive;', 7,Y early 'frob ibe shilars of England, O' 'er a bodllss 'tae 'of sea, U i ndlrneath a' sky propi tious, l-I ever bark nore.brave than she, ,G. aily.sails the Y. F. P. S F ·reighted,witha bounteous cargo Ofithings taecirousto the mind, L eapineo'er the siunlit waterx., -: . e-Pg her liid ti f'tihe wind,, S ' S dhro ia'soblin lef,'fui behld" ". . :"-.._ '" "' *:YAlrlhesle~ ethartdn.-x°c ; -'" '-'s "- P,: l;:I::,ng year BydS ea -with-b le5ns g . .., E ver may she speed aloag:"rgs: " oO' ' .' est1l t tiaot.ghts/O
BETAGRAM. (Obhnge the second letter of a word to form another word.) g,-Hand in hand, they wander slowly O'er the hill and down the glen, Lost to ev'ry thought of sadness, Far removed from worldly ken. Rapture thrills the maiden's bosom, Firsts light up her face so fair; Words she hears which breathe affection, Full of truth and virtue rare. Soon they reach the broken second, Where they linger, loth to part, Whisp'ring words that are for ever Balm to each pulsating heart. Then they part and each turns homeward, All reluctance e'en to go, Love's refulgence gleaming strangely From each eye with fitful glow. PmLo. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) e.-Joseph Gosling was passing a fine field of wheat, Whistling dull melancholy to scorn, When a movement precipitate down to his feet By a spirit of mischief was borne, Causing Joey to start at a galloping pace Through the cereal sea owned by one Farmer Mace, When he quite unexpectedly came face to faco With that gent and his weapon of thorn ! The result was poor Joe felt the nastiest blow He had ever had since he was born. This occurrence, I trow, a good moral will show : "Never tread on another man's corn." Primal Joe wont his way in a sorrowful mood On that beautiful, sunshiny morn; Oh, the cud of reflection he bitterly chewed, And he whistled (?) a tune most forlorn. When in sigkt of his home, he broke into a run, For his dinner-time was at the final of one; And his pa, who then stood at the door, said, " Why, mun, You are late ; where, now, have you been gorn ? And- Oh, get out, you scamp, that you'd carelessly tramp On my 'favourite '- I could have sworn !" (We will place at the end the same moral, my friend: rever tread on another man's corn.") Ancsien B., Kentish Town. ANAtIRAMS ON IRISH TOWNS. 10.-The loan is paid, so you can rest in p lace; From now I hope to see your debts decrease. What a poor, lean dog, now, to be sure! IIe does, indeed, look like a perfect cure. " For all I care, Leon may go now," Said father, with a scowl upon his brow. It will melt in a case, you know; It cannot in that manner go. There goes for my last brace of grouse, For I must go back to the house. At once ma ran down to the gate To let in papa, who was late. We left Bas' and Willie by the lake; They said they'd try some fish to take. it. L. JEFFEISON, HIolborn. NARRATIVE CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 11.-Pray, let me sing of those who charmed me so, Who tilted in the " T." some mouths ago, In a good cause. They came, and in the " Tournament" did shine, And sang with voices sweetly rich and fine, Wou due applause; But, oh, too soon they ceased to sing, alack I I fain would find the means to bring them back, Or how to learn ; Their prolonged absence many friends deplore, And truly long to see each one once more. Return! return! The first I name is worthy of high praise; She always thrilled me with her sterling lays, Did Nellie C. The next I name is E reline C. Grey; She often won the honours of the day Most cleverly. Diana R. O'D., with smiles and grace, Won constantly a famous, honoured place; Rare laurels, too. In Rosa B. a charming friend I had; Her verses ever made my heart feel glad- She sang so true. These ladies once upheld the honoured pride Of this " T.;" but, alas, have put aside Their tuneful lyres, Which bound my senses with delightful spell ; Their soft, sweet cadence loved I furl and well. My heart aspires. "Why mourn the past," some bards, perhaps, will say, "When other singers of the present day Sing rich and sweet P" Perchance you will look with scornful disdain On me, and my unmelodious strain. I bow-retreat. W. CARTER, Birmingham. AR ITHMOREMS. (An aorostic. The letters of oross words that are Roman numerals expressed in figures.) Foundation Word. 12.-In the evening 'tis seen Above in the sky- A star of the heavens Most bright to the eye, Cross Words. 550 and reha A harbinger. " 511 ,, epente A device. 102 ,, pso A Roman general. 1,055 ,, reap Of the first ages. 1,601 ,, hesbee Ornamented. 1,050 ,, soruu Founder of Rome. 511 ,, urbeg A Middlesex town. 52 ,, batyst Firmness. DRaaGOOe. Fountdaion Word. 13.-The primals give a famous man Who conquered countries fast, Until he overreached his power And found his match at last. Cross Words. 101 and en A French town, 1,101 ,, raea A continent. 101 ,, rnep A ruler. 510 ,, orof A county. 51 ,, gn A fish. 10 ,, ee A river. 101 ,, hstor A large bird. 50 ,, atna A British possession.
J. STOCKS. LOGOGRIPH. (A Word which may be treated~ as a metagram,.decapitation dele- tion, aud transposition, hut leaved a perfect word after each aPeration.) 14.--Find out a country, if you please, The centre then take out; You then may find that I do mean To turn or twist about. Behead, I am a useful thing; Now simply change my head, Then what.we all should try to shun, You'll find I am instead. ANz s SITH GqREJSLET.
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. The final letters, as well as the initials, form a word, or words.) Foundation Words. 15.-Two lady riddlers here I name, Whose cons. with admiration Are read by all, and whose bright fame We hail with acclamation. Their busy pens are e'er at work, Their zeal is unabating ; And while their tasks they never shirk, We must not keep ours waiting. Cross Words. A coat of fi.r the soldier wore; The postman with it walked before. Now, Agonirtes, bend your lance, Ncxt, in our "Tourney's" name, advance. Third five we'll cease our task to-day And homeward wend our weary way. You, Royston, Nixon, struggle well, And next your hardships none can tell, Old Moses firh, 'tis stated, owns A thousand pounds-of rags and bones. Before our Coulson's grace I bow; Ye sixth leaves deck our famous Gow. To Wallis, Loveless, last, I'll cry A word of praise. And now, good.bye. F. G. WEBB, Southwark, Foundation Words. 16.-Freddy's face is full of woe, Deep wrinkles play around it; What trouble can his young heart know P What makes him scowl and simper so P My fiaal. Freddy's face is full of joy, Bright, sunny smiles surround it;' His happiness knows no alloy; What makes him such a bonny boy ? My prinTal. Cross Words. Tom Jones to school would seldom go, I've often heard him say; And if somebody carried him, He'd primal all the way. And when at last to school he got, He could not spell next word, Nor could he do his sums at all; The master said 'twas third. His aged master always would I'orth this upon his mind- To si.th no sixth that would place him In life's long race behind; And though long last have passed since then, Tom says he was the best of men. T. CARPENTER. CHARADES. (Formed on a word eact syllable of which is a word.) 17.-I'm a paragon of patience, but, alas! I'm much abused: Few costermongers' barrows are without me; For the primal and the second in this con. I may be used, Though it's ten to one you'll be inclined to doubt me. In the third you see myself, in the fourth you see us all, Including every member of our State, sir; My whole, most dreadful Nemesis which ona man can fall, And which I hope will never be my fate, sir. E. L. HoLLOwAY, London. 18.-Upon the hill, first sweet wild flowers o'ergrown, The old church stands; Whole its grey walls a happy youth and maid Clasp wedded hands, And pray that never aught of earth shall break Love's golden bands. And as last swift array the years go by, Their wedded life Is free from aught of cruel doubt, The nurse of strife; For love brings faith, and faith brings happiness To man and wife. ANNIE A. RoYSTOy, Birmingham. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 19.-Tim Pippin was as brave a chap As any in creation ; For giants he ne'er cared a rap, But with determination He slew the monsters hip and thigh, Without commiseration: Though some for mercy loud did cry, Vain was the supplication. But there's a monster now that comes From some accursed region; His black form hovers o'er our homes, hIis victims they are legion. It primal is, and yet 'tis queer We can't get one to match him : I wish that Tim again was here- He quickly would despatch him. Final is a maiden's name That once in Young Folks did appear, And who filled with Love's flame The breast of noble Silverspear. J. BUCKLLEY. 20.--T is is often seen When walking on the shore; Behead, and now I mean Devotions-nothing more; Behead again, I show A single beam of light;. Behead again, I know I mean, " Yes, yes; all's right." Beheid again, I say, Ye solvers, all of you, This is the end of day. And now I say adieu. A. Ponca, Kinsale. OMIEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is chanuged to form another word.) 21.-I know a pretty little maid Whose eyes are full of love; And could I win her for my wife, A treasure she would prove. But, oh I my heart is full of jirst-- She will not be my bride; Though oft I've been her love to next, My suit is still denied. But still I mean to persevere, And when the prize I'vre third, I'11 make her happy all her life - I will, upon my word. E. TRAFFORD.