RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. XETAGRBAMS.
I05hngethe first letter of a word to form another word) t-The hour is late, and yet I cannot sleep- Some nameless power has first unsealed my eyes; bove the world the pale stars softly creep, Guarding the ramparts dim of Paradise. I gaze without my window-all is dark Except the heavens, lit with pallid light; And as.he sea-waves overpower a bark, So thought doth overpower my soul to.night. The faces of the dead again I see- Manemosyne revives the buried past; And yet in viewing them no misery Over the waters of my soul is cast. I Bnow that they are happy in that land, Whither an angel chorus bade them go; They look from out the stars-a spotless band- Upon the weary one who sighs below. eyes are filmed, but not with teardrops shed esor them, for they have safely journeyed Home; To me they are no more the long.nest dead, But angels waiting for my soul to come- To come and join them in that wondrous place, Where founts eternal plash to golden hymns, Where Heaven's face glows with the light of grace Which sever shadow of the even dims. How all the counsels of my dear ones ring Within my ears as I my vigils keep !- Counsels Which told how I might blunt the sting Of the most weighty sorrow that could creep Into my life, and come out of the strife Better and purer for the struggle past; H For ever sweetest is that path of life O'er which Adversity its clouds has cast. And as I view the heavens, star-besprent, A A small, still voice seems wasted from the haze It asks if I have tried with good intent To do as I was taught in bygone days. Yea, I have tried i And if with no success, A I pray for succour from the angels bright That I may walk in paths of loveliness- Strong in the lessons I have learned to-night 1 A JENNIE AmTHURn 2.-At dead of night, when all was still, I heard a sound, both loud and shrill, And with a start jumped from my bed, F To slip, and tumble on my head. I rubbed the bump, pulled up the blind, But all was first except the wind; To bed again I hurried back, And stepped upon an upturned tack. I blessed the tack, got into bed, And on the pillow placed my head, When on the air an awful shriek Curdled my blood and blanched my cheek. From bed I next in fearful stew, And quickly up my window threw; The moon was up in all its pride. So soon upon a wall I spied Two cats engaged in argument On politics and parliament. They wrangled, fought, and bit, and squalled, Though at them "shsh ish" I loudly bawled; Then quickly I prepared for slaughter, Armed with-a large jug of water. I raised it high and at them aimed, And on their back the contents drained; Away they ran with all their might, And I retired for the night. F. ALLIBON, London. C 3.-" No first's without last's," Is a proverb well known ; 'Tis perfectly true, As experience has shown. AGONISTES. , 4.--y first is a small, delicious fruit, In southern countries grown; Mly next's a domestic animal Whose flesh is good you'll own. GLAUocs. BETAGRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another wordJ 5.-I sit and view the fields around, Where (lowers in sweet array abound, Where rills to sweetest music run, And sparkle brightly 'neath the sun. The wind disturbs the golden corn, Which soon of beauty will be shorn By reaper's scythe-that cruel blade Which causes all the charm to fade. Fair Sol now sinks behind the hill, Diffusing rays, which quickly fill The sky with blend of colours bright, And makes one grand, inspiring sight. Spellbound, I linger on the scene, And gaze like some poor soul who's been Shut up in some dark dungeon vile, Deprived of Nature's charms the while. J. BODEN, Glasgow'. NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. Drop the frs letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) -O, lady, we welcome you back with good cheer To the " Tournament " dear, For we That is famed far and near; hl have been longing, lqnging to hear Your delightful sweet melody. All our hearts are as gay As a midsummer's day, Because you've returned to our "T.", Rosa B. ; ecaus Tra-la-la, tra-la.sa, Ssa you've returned to our " T.", tra-la-la. Oh, ing, lady, sing, we all fondly entreat, For your voice is so sweet; ,t8 blakes the heart gladly beat; TheTo y " without you we deem incomplete- e have missed your sweet harmony. You can help us along Wiith the pow'r of your song; We welcome you back to our " T." Rosa B-.; Weelcowe Tra-la-la, tra-a.laa, you back to our " T.", tra-la-la. W. CARTER, Birmingham. CENTRAL CHANGE. cthe entral letter ea a word to form another word.) 'Th is gently sinking to its close, All at ometh on, the daylight fades away; The rests-the birds to roost are gone, Thky is bloodred with the parting ray. Ie lughman (homeward from his weary toil) hin:inwonard to first well-earned nightly rest, --shiang of home and little ones so dear, . ho prattling rumn to him to be caressed. m o the lark doth upward singing soar, A last t sweet and mellow note you'll hear. Bi.,ttae nan sets O'cr tie lofty hills- Sd tris loes, .-ting for the morn, with its sunshine will soon break anew. B. CaANrDLIN.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word. (01 8.-Oh, Time I Time I Time I You rob the maiden's cheek of all its bloom; You rob the flow'ret of its sweet perfume; You send fond hopes in sorrow to the tomb; You fill the atmosphere of home with gloom; You make a something wanting in the room; You take the hair off our best carpet broom I Oh, Time 1 Time 1 Time I Oh, Time! Time I Time I You spread your first upon the aging head; You show your power in the springless tread; You even steal tihe rosy flush of red Which coy affection's hand on young cheeks spread, Making the ladies mourn their roses fled, And fall back on carmine or rouge instead I Oh, Time I! Time I Time ! Oh, Time! Time! Time! You rush along on slow yet rapid wing; You take away the sorrows that you bring; The gladness eke " and you one momeuit ring The marriage peal, and then the dirge you sing; You bring a fine day in our fickle spring, Then spread a pea-soup fog on ev'rything I Oh, Time Time1 TimeI Oh, Time ! Time I Time I You weave a chain, each moment for a link; You hold the hemlock cup for men to drink; 18 You write our deeds in indelible ink ; A You rob the maid's eyes of their bonnie blink; s From further record of your deeds I shrink, W1 For next it's time to go to bed, I think; B Yes, Time ! Time I Time ! HARRINeroN AND (.ow. 9.-Oh, young Johnny Soy ' La Was the broth of a boy! Bn He could fight all the boys around town, he could; 1 The sergeant asked it he were willing I To accept a silver shilling, We And he'd fight for the glory of the crown, he would, A Yes, he'd fight for the glory of the crown. 'I Well, first same Johnny Soy Was a handsome sort of boy, And very smart he looked in soldier's clothes, he did; He joined a gallant corps, (Ti And he went off to the war, And he thrashed all Her Majesty's foes, that he did; 19. Yes, he thrashed all Her Majesty's foes. 1 When shots were thick as hail Ye Johnny Soy ne'er turned tail, For he thought it wrong for soldiers e'er to flee, so it is; A And all England gave him praise 1 For next plucky, daring ways. Hi Now he third Sergeant Johnny Soy, V.C., so he is, Yes, he's now Sergeant Johnny Soy, V.C. N( GuNNEa B., Hove. 1 10,-Hear the primal of the waves, How they wail, how they roar, B1 Dashing 'gainst the coves and caves All along the shore; Ai Hear the tempest how it raves,. Growing more and more. I have heard a mother sing Sorrowful and low; A I have heard her accents ring Like the brooklets flow, How her son so next but brave Perished long ago. TELEIMACHUS, T 11.-Young Johnny Fitznoodle once owned a pug poodle, First poodle was awfully fat T Now, Johnny Fitznoodle and Johnny's fat poodle Were always annoying my cat. One day master Johnny got up to his tricks, And set a rat trap near the shed With intentions to catch my poor cat; but, alas I He caught next fat poodle, instead. The poodle he howled, and the cat at him growled, And said, " Serve you right, you fat beast ! Had I been in your place, you'd have laughed in my face, And would not have cared in the least." W. KOHLER. 2( 12.-To ladies fair my wrhole is oft assigned, Though not to ladies fair am I confined; Behead me, and I think you'll plainly see That you are not your own, but bought with me; Behead me twice, you'll find a useful grain; And if not tired, behead me once again; Now braced with strength I chain a giant'spowers, And all explorers quail before my towers.. E. JOHNsoN. 13.--My first our good Editor sometimes must be At the end of a week of hard toil, With grammatical errors and other sad things, His senses to filurry and moil. Then a draught of my second, all sparkling and clear, Will afford the enlightment meet; Restore his tasked brain all its old Are again- And like life 'tis both bitter and sweet. AunoaA. 14.-What shall I write upon now, pray P I fear my M use doth sleep to-day, For shefirst failed me to inspire Noext usual with " promethean fire." But I'm determined to be Among the bards this week in " T.", ad So I will try to write some song, I have a theme-I'll write (right) on wrong. W. F, NOLAN, Olonmel.' .6.-" I ate twelve eggs this morn," said I, for fun; " Eggs-actly so," and next gave me a poke;" - You needn't poke," said I, " I see first pun, Truly I think 'tis an egg-shell.ent joke." J. S. GUFFICK, Pickering. NARRATIVE DUAGRAIM. (Change the first two letters of a w,,rd to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 16.-I remember, I remember That boarding-house forlorn, The little window where the smell Of hash came in the morn. I mind the broken looking-glass, The mattress like a rock, The servant girl from County Clare Whose face would stop a clock. I remember, I remember The guttapercha hen They used to serve for chick of spring To thirteen hungry men. We blasted it with dynamite, We vexed its bones full sore In vain; 'twas sorved up fricassded For two or three days more. I remember, I remember The next room's fiendish wight, Who practised a wooden cornet From early morn till night. We stood his dreary " Peek.a-boo," " Sweet Violets," and more; But when he tried" We never speak," We wallowed in his gore. I remember, I remember The lengthy weekly bill Received by me with shudders and The nature of a chill. I also call to mind the night, When no one was about, When mto space I dropped my tiunk, r, And through the dark skipped out. N, F. BLdacaSI.
DUAGRABMIS. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another wordJ 17.-She stood upon the golden sands 2 And gazed across the wave; Her thoughts had flown to foreign lands- To some one true and brave. The birds were singing rich and rare, The wavelets kissed her feet; And in the sunlight's vivid glare The picture looked complete. She stood upon the furrowed sands And gazed across the wave; She held a letter in her hands From some one true and brave. Her face isfirst with smiles-the boon She craved has come at last; The lonely hours of vigil soon Will mingle with the past. 2t She stood upon the wave-kissed sands, And gaily laughed the wave, While some one's hand held her two hands- 'Twas some one true and brave. And all her fears took inext when he, With one arm round her thrown, Told how he'd sailed the deep blue sea To claim her as his own. MARION AND EDITII. 18.-The sun has sunk behind the mountains steep, And night's dark mantle, gemmed with stars, first rise, Spreading its glory o'er the shadowy skies, While all the land is wrapped in silence deep. But in yon darken'd room my darling lies, And by her side I stand and sadly weep, For she is sleeping now her " last, long sleep,"' Last folded hands and softly closid eyes. But after night there comes the sunny morn, And though her soul from earth's dark night has fled, And we are weeping for our loved one dead, We know she'll wake, and see the Heavenly dawn. And, oh, we hope when life below is o'er, That we shall meet, to part again no more. MAUDE DOUGLAs. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. (The letters of a word are transposed, and form another word in the narrative.) 19.-How calm and biight life's morn IA glad sun shines In kingly glory o'er the destined way ; Yet on the Book of Fate no shadow lines The golden promise of the coming day. And youth moves on with quick, exultant tread Upon a road that seems so brightly fair; High are his hopes-high as the skies o'erhead, And few the things he would not do-or dare. Noontide I Amid the fevered rush and heat Of thousands struggling in the ceaseless strife, Manhood advances with unfaltering feet, Fearlessly wrestling in the fight for life. But mighty are the foes upon the way: Fiercer the beat the trav'ler still must bear, And dread the burden of the weary day That promised once to be so calm and fair. The hours fly on, the burning sun sinks low, Tall, grey, and gloomy grow the forest trees; And on his journey, bent with toil and woe, A trav'ler hearkens to the sad night breeze. Around his path the last faint gleams of day Still linger softly; radly, low, and chill The wind wails o'er life's desolated way, And strange, low murmurs through the woodland trill. The shadows deepen ;where the earth and sky Together meet in wav'ring lines of light- Where Death's dread angel holds his sword on high, Life's pathway ends at night. No moon may rise so late, no star illume The strange cold darkness over land and sea; For 'mid the deep and ever deep'ning gloom, Time will be changed to Eternity. ANow. RE VERSIONS. (A word which read backward forms anothel word.) 20.-I care not a pin for a squeaky old fiddle- My heart is not bound to three strings and a bow' And I'm bound to confess that to me 'tis a riddle However a comical fellow can show For a wee bit of wood such wondrous devotion- I fear me the reason I ne'er will divine; For I'm certain first fiddle, next land or the ocean Can equal this wonderful Jew's harp of mine. I care not a fig for the sweet concertina- Ye players, I wish ye deep down in the sea; Oh, go serenade each adored Angelina, But never, oh, never come bothering me. I care not a straw for the noisy tin whistle, I care not for tunes like.the " Watch on the Rhine ;" I give all the culprits a speedy dismissal Whenever I play on this Jew's harp of mine. I fought a pitched battle with one organ-grinder, And received a good thrashing for giving him cheek; And ever since then I've been very much kinder To travelling musicians. For many a week I neglected my harp and went grieving and groaning, And stalked up and down with a pain in my spine, Till I got so disgusted with vain, foolish moaning That I went for relief to this Jew's harp of mine. O wonder ful harp, how I love and adore thee I Thy sweet, gentle notes make my heart gay and bright; I never loved anything so much before thee- Thou always art ready to give me delight. Oh, had I thie wit of a Gow or a Boehmer, I would sing thee a song that was truly divine; But while I am naught but a wild, foolish dreamer, I can only adore thee, sweet Jew's harp of mine. G. A. JoNES, Liverpool. 21.-When the shot and shell are flying, And the wounded, and the dying On the-field of death are lying, Loudly peals the bugle blast; X. And the soldiers, near expiring Who have fought and toiled untiring Raise a cheer. That sound, "Cease firing," Means, the battle first is last. J. A. CAMIBELL. DOUBLE ABITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of cross words th,t are Roman numerals expressed in fihurea.) Foundation Words. 22.-The resemblance they bear, stronger is to each other Than that we oft see between sister and brother. Cross Words. 100 and tanga A lady's suitor, first, is he. 2,000 ,, ea A female name you here will see, 151 ,, ken A kind of metal this brings to view. 504 ,, ano A hostile entrance--thlere's a clue. 101 ,, ronan A fabulous animal this will show. 100 ,, nest A ple:tsant fragrance here I know. SYsrTAx. LOGOGRIPH. (A word which may be treated as a metagram, decapitation, dele- tion, and triasposition, bat leaves a perfeat word after each operatiold. 23.-I am a useful aniimal; Behead me, and transpose, A thing we all have need of I will to view disclose. G. MARIN, Notting Hill. CONUNDRUiM. 24.--0f all the Young Folks riddlers Can any tell to me Why is an empty matchbox Just like the I. FP. TAs.
TRANSPOSITIONS. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 25.-To be, or not to be? This is the question: Whether 'tis nobler for the man that suffers The daily, hourly pangs of indigestion To call upon physicians, mostly duifers, And take prescriptions-pills, and pints of physic, Starvation diet, excercise by walking As far as Putuoy, Wanstead. Harrow, Chiswick, Or some such distant destination, baulking That love of rest condemned by Mr. Tupper, Or to take umbrage at such bald existence, And first a hearty dinner, next, and supper, Decline to walk a long or little distance, Take useless physic under no condition- And die without the aid of a physician. A. ST. J. ADCOCK. 26.-Come, let us take a stroll Through the yellow-tipped meadows of first, Where the green trees ware, and the streamlets roll, And the buds into blossom burst. I love to roam the fields With a next, sympathetic friend, Whose sweet companionship ever yields Bright joys that can never end. CLARA BOEHfEiR. TRIPLE ACROSTIC. (The initial letters, centrals, and finals, each make a word.) Foundation Words. 27.-Fair muse, controller of all ancient lore, Well known from sea to sea, from shore to shore. In tales of hobgoblins my centrals you'll find; He is not the hero, but-well, never mind, He's not quite the villain, I'm sure you'll agree; Discover my cross words, and then you will see. Part of your frame finals will name; When 'tis afflicted you're sure to be lame. Cross IVords. Nudity can never be When this article you see. Here a Scottish name please find; Christian, too, pray bear in mind. In the dictionary's page You will find third means a rage. Here another name discover- Irish, sirs; my con. is over. B. i. M., Glasgow. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words. formed o. the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 28.-My priimats read, and they'll proclaim A celebrated riddler's name. Cross Words. Flower so pretty, swfeet, and fair, I think none with it can compare. To suffer second is so sad, Yet many do, both good and had. Surrounded by water is third; Old England's one, so I have heard. Myfourth, think well, and then proclaim A poet that's well known to fame. A precious stone you here will view- I'm sure it is well known to you. INA GRAHAM. CHARADES. (Formed on a word eaoh syllatble of which Is a word.l 29.-I am ye ancient riddler Of this your riddling band; For fifteen years have fled since 1 First took my lance in hand. Though recently in "Tournament' My name's been seldom seen, Now total puts my ease to shame-- Total, "Tourney's" sweet queen. This world is very beautiful, Whichever way we scan; And God hath given wondrous gifts To charm the life of man. Btt sin steps in, so serpent-wise, To primdl all things fair; 'Tis easier far to first than make- To kill than life to spare. The second lived in days of old- A mighty man was he; He sat upon a kingly throne, And built a vast city. His subjects and his country From him received a name; And if you sail the " tideless sea," You're sure to hear the same. Now, he who bid men holy live, That they might holy die; His works the student kuoweth well And learneth much thereby. His surname 'tis that's wanted here, And final it will be; Believe me now, dear riddling friends, Sincerely, C. P. C. 80,-Just the reverse of moist you'll see For first--in it are letters throe. For next please take a wild beast's lair, Or covert-it doth both names bear. An English poet of great fame, These placed aright will tell his name. IvasNos, Belfast. DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the two first letters of a word, leaving another word.) 31.-My first a kind of fish will name; And if you twice behead the same, An animal is brought to view That's loved, indeed, by very few. T. Nlxoer, Dudley Colliery.