RIDPDLE TOURNAMENT. NARRATIVE METAGRAMS.
(The first letter of a wor d-s changtd, to form another word in 1.-'Miist the peals of joy-bells ringing, ' Which fall softly on the ear, And of merry voices singing. Comes another glad New Year; And with love and heartfelt pleasure It is hailed by one and all; Hopeful that with endless measure Joy upon their paths will falll In their old accustomed places, Gathered round the fire so bright, I can picture happy faces Beaming with intense delight; While their hearts are gladly beating With the joyous songs they sing; As they swell the hearty greeting, " May the New Year gladness bring!" Oh I what scenes there are delighting At this welcome festive time, When in harmony uniting Voices sing and joy-bells chime ! While hearts, shrouded once in sadness, Beat with joy and love serene, Till, forgetting care, true gladness Enters where 't before has been. May the year with peace unending Fill this blessid land of ours, And truth, still Life's path attending, Soothe our longings by its powers, Making us far nobler, truer, Than we may have been before, Till our hearts are spotless, pure, When Life's journey here is o'er I WILD BaRlt, Lamplugh. 2.-You can't buy a cape with a caper, You can't cut up tape with a taper; You can't gather may On a cold winter's day, And you can't save up scraps with a scraper. You don't shore a cart with a shovel, Or see diamonds hove from a hovel; You'll never look wise With a cross in y- ur eyes, Or rise from your groove if you grovel. You cannot make nets out of nettles, You can't make your pets thrive on petals; And, no matter how stable, You'll never be able To make butcher's meat out of metals. You cannot be shoved yet on shavings, Or turned from your grave by engravings; You can't be good style If your accent is vile, And you'll never be saved by your savings. You cannot make hay down in Hades, Though you can get good cakes when at Cades; But your voice isn't sweet If you've learnt in the street, So you mustn't sing lays to the ladies. You can't spin a top with a " topper," Oi eat up a chop with a chopper; And if you're obese And can't quite see your knees, 'Tis t easy to pick up a copper. Yo Can't cure the tick with a tick1e, Or pick up half-crowns with a pickle; You can't comb your hair If your " baldy " and bare, Or stifle a sigh with a sickle. You can't beg a bob of a "bobby." Or sit on the bob with your hobby; Nor help looking black If you've'had a good crack On the "nob" with a stick that was knobby I You can't shut your mouth with a shutter, You're not a born mute if you mutter; You can't wipe your nose On the leaf of a rose, And you can't put your boots on with butter. You can't rub out spite with your spittle, Or write a good skit with a skittle You'll never look small If you're lanky and tall, And you'll never look tall if you're little. Toss, NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A word is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrativeJ 3.-Again a year has passed away In equal shares of night and day. A page is added to the book Of Time, and as we sadly look Upon its record, sweet and sad, It makes our hearts feel strahgely glad To feel that yet another year Is ours, with all its future clear. How many thoughts of vain regret The heart and conscience now beset!- Of actions thoughtless and unkind, Committed from an impulse blind; Duties forsaken, left undone, Which happier feelings might have won; Chances passed by, which might, if used, Have happiness and love diffused. But yet another span of time Is ushered in with merry chime, And slowly turn we from the past, And hopes upon the future cast; All lies before us, open, fair, With opportunities so rare- A canvas clear for us to paint With touch of demon or of saint; No chances lost, no record spoiled, Nothing touched, and nothing soiled. Heaven grant that we may use it so That each day shall a record show Of golden deed and pure desire- A spirit ever soaring higher; A resolution in each breast To make each coming day the best. W. E. CULE. ARITHMOREM. An acrostic. Theletters of cross words that are Roman numerals exeressed in fiaures.) Foundation Word. 4.--MJ prinutls, read aright by you, Will bring an animal to view; 'Tis very fierce, I will be bound, And in the jungle it is found. Cross Words. 51 and at All animals have one of these, I guess, Though guinea.pigs have none, you will confess. 6 ,, ohena A riddler here you'll see; Please find it out for me. 1.,, gypes Another here you'll sight- His Fiddles are all bright. ],O0 ,, uo Here is a kind of bird; Its1name I m sure you've heard. - Sionlt be this. HEOTOB.
DUtAGRAM. (Chango the first two letters of a word to form another w'ord.) 5.-Come, rally round, and list awhile To hear the news I bring you; With many a tear, and'many a smile, A simple song I'll sing you: O " Tourney "" maids, with hearts aglow. And knights for glory yearning, Come, first your harps and ne;t, for, lo I A wanderer is returning. ReturningP Yes; with love as strong As in the days of oldenu; But, oh! my voice is weak in song, My harp no more is golden; And, glancing backward at the past, Which now seems but a vision, I feel my muse is failing fast, And come to end my mission. Come, Nellie, friend, and let me hold Your hand close clasped in mine, dear, And let me place my crown of gold Upon your brow divine, dear ; And let me sing of lal rels won, Of praises ringing loud, dear, Of gallant deeds so bravely done, While knights around you crowd, dear. For many months, with kindly grace, Your merry songs you've sung us, And now you'll more than fill my place, And reign as queen among us. But, maybe, Nellie, now and then, New joy within me springing, I'll take my slow and laggard pen, And join you in your singing. So rally round, then, loyal baids, To join the coronation Of one who long has gained rewards 'Mid shouts of admiration, And help me place the laurel crown, With gentle, loving fingers, Upon the brow of her we own The sweetest of our singers. Ma loN TAYLon, London. METAGRAM. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 6.-In a place called Newtown-feathery spot- A miser lived in a lonely cot; The place was eerie, and damp and dreary, And showed the signs of a sure decay, Like the tenant living there day by day, Who was a blot on a lovely spot, For the land adjacent was counted rich, And never an elf was there to bewitch; And the view was pleasant, and parbridge and pheasant And happy peasant were all content; The rent was first on the quarter day, But given in full, in the good old way. But you may guess that his style and dress Was not tiptop, as I must confess- He wore a cravat, and a tall high hat That, to speak the truth, his pa in youth Had worn, no doubt, when he went about. His face was mean, and haggard and lean, Not overclean, yet it once had been As shiny a face as you've ever seen. But long ago, as his diaries show, He had a quarrel with water and soap, And never got reconciled again; To look at him now you'd find no hope That he'd be the first to forgive past pain. His household fare wasn't rich nor rare, And he really was not very nice As to cleanliness; but let this suffice, When I will say, in a general way, That if it happened a poor young mouse Had chanced to stray to that lonely house, And had his lot in the plane been cast, Held have broken his neck before his fast. But the man was rolling in wealth, I know, Though, unlike most others, he made no show, Yet, like the others, was troubled-and troubled To have his gold by a short way doubled. A spirit came to his side one night, When the wind was high, and the glass was low, And he bade him dig. in a certain place, Out from his garden a little space, And his money would ever greater grow. Whatever amount he would hide from sight, And wait a day, he would find it right, But doubled over and over again, As the ghostly visitor made quite plain. His heart next " Yes," but his sense said "No," But a part of his gold in the spot was laid; Next night he went as his friend said so, With a wooden spade by the moonlight glow, And he turned the earth with the wooden spade, And there to his eager sight displayed He saw the gold, but, lo I and behold, 'Twas twice the size that 'twas before; And gloating the fairy treasure o'er, He laid it by with his other store. Next night he took all he possessed, And he last it down in its earthy rest; He went to bed and dreamed all night Of all the joy that would greet his sight When he found his treasure just doubly blest. And he blessed the friend each hour next day, As he went along in his usual way; The hours went heavy, his heart was light, And he found him whistling unawares. He sought the spot at the usual time, As the bells were ringing a Now Year's chime; He raised the earth, but he found no gold; He dug and dug, but the find was mould. His frame perspired, he was sick and tired, But he worked away till dawn of day, When the shadows fled to their lonely lairs. Half dead they found him, a pit around him, They took him home, to the bed they boundt him; But do as he would, his gold was gone, And the light of his life was all withdrawn. They have a story about the place That a fraud was played in the old boy's face; That a rich man living goross the sea Knows all about the myste-ree. But I can't tell-I can only say The fraud to me is as clear as day. IvANcOE, Belfast. PRECE.OMEGBAM. (Ohange the last letter but one of a word to form another word.) 7.--Farewell to Old England, the land of ~mny sires I Farewell to the land of the free 1 Though my path be obstructed by thistles and briars, I'll ever remember of thee ! Though I roam far away, yet I ne'er will forget How the days of my childhood were spent; How in thy green first I much happiness met Before I to foreign last went. E. GEORGE AND E. J. SOKHFIELD. CHARABDES., (Formed on a word eacl esyllable of whloh is a word.) 8,-Second bears first away from me, And, ah, my heart is sore, Zhough aolwle between us still shall be Unchanged for evermore. MAD~EnIA. 9.--My first a colour might, be called, My second's coloured brown. In England you will find my nhtolo, Which is a busy town. C. F. BEacisnue,
NARRATIVE DECAPITATIOp8. (Drop the first letter of a word,leaving another word, expressed in the narratilve.) 10.-Can you tell me, Mr. Grooer, if you are not really grosser Than the grossest misdemeanant that has e'er set foot on earth P For although you're not a uook-.keper-albeit you are a cook-keeper- You sell your dates-but other than of marriage, death, or birth. Then, again, you sell your currants, but the dates are not, sir, currents, And although you areno baker, you confess your "loaf " you sell Of sugar, which is candied; but why are not you, sir, candid P And although you weigh unkindly you do not go your way well. You are quite expert at blending teas and coffees. 'Tis heartrending When the thought intrudes that p'r'aps you blend your sugar, too, with sand; And some vile conglomeration you expose for admiration With a label on it stating that "This is our newest brand " Analyze "our shilling butter" ! The result we dare not mutter, For you'd never eat a particle of butter from this day. "Buy our new Mikado biscuit " I Don't, dear friends i oh, don't you risk it. Mr. Grocer, you're a fraud I You'd bisouit out of it, we'd sayl DnoFFo AND DE BEAB. 11.-He said I was a youthful knight Well known in "Tourney" fight, O; Oh, George, E. George. you are quite right, I am a youthful knight, 0 I But not so youthful as I was In eighteen-sixty-three, George; The years have hurried by, alas I My friend, my own. my E. George. I played Act I., in '63, Of Shakespeare's seven, see. George P And now I'm fairly in Act III. Good.bye, my comrade, E. George. J. W. SEWELL. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 12,-Dear riddlers, allow me to tell you- I first that you will not decline- I just wish to join in the " Tourney," And I come trom Newcastle-on-Tyne. Your riddles for long I have studied, And so I send this one of mine In hopes the kind Ed. will insert it As one from Newcastle.on-Tyne. Of hope I've a second remaining That sometime I somewhere will shine, So I first that you kindly will welcome This lass from Newcastle-on-Tyne. MAGGIE CONQUER, 18.-Within the church my first was said, Which one by one repeated; / The last, when all were fully led, Took hats, and then were seated. C. F. BLACKBUsN. NARRATIVE DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letters from a word, leaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 14.-Fair as a pictured saint she stood In the fragrant morning air, With neither a wrap, nor cowl, nor hood To shade from the noontiie glare. But her fair sweet fat e Was lit with a grace, While her locks of golden hair Were tossed with a will By the wild winds till They hung round her shoulders bare. There she stood while the smiling sun Shone down on flower and tree; With glad surprise I hastened on And whispered quite consciously: "I have loved thee, sweet, And wept at thy feet- There's a light in my soul for thee; Oh, wilt thou be mine Sweet being divine ?" But she did not answer me. But serene as a figure formed From marble or granite cold She stood-not a feature warmed As I told her the story old. " I have loved thee well, And there's none can tell The depth of my burning love !" She said not a word, Nor seemed to have heard, Though I swore by the gods above. Then I looked once more in her face, And tried to meet her glance; But I saw 'twas a hopeless case, And with rage felt inclined to dance. On her bosom hard Hung a notice card, And I read in anguish slow: "Gentlemen, walk in Here and pay your tin, This is Busby's Waxwork Show." J. LEIGH AND W. E. CULE. DECAPI-CURTAILMENT. (Drop the first and last letter from a word, leaving another word.) 15.-Ah, me! what a changeable world 'tis we live in! Each day brings its changes gigantic and small, To lend or to borrow, to take or to give in, Is surely the commonest frst of us all. And we're no exception, but, oh, we're ambitious- We long to be known by a glorious name; So, knights, please remember that girls are capricious- Will somebody lend us their bright crowns of fame P Although we declared, not a long time ago, We cared not for show, But, oh, we love style! So, please, will you lend us two crowns for awhile ? We're not next all vain; and we hate affectation, And look down with scorn upon frivolous girls; And yet we keep thinking, with much animation, How those borrowed crowns would become our dark curls. So patiently list to our earnest petition, You knights who have laurels too many to use; And when you reflect on our hapless condition, We venture to hope that you will not refuse, And we will reward you-but how P--let us see- Well, if you agree, We will each give a smile, If only you'll lend us those crowns for awhile. Mairow an QuE.lsIE. CONUNDRUMS. 16.-Ye riddlers of the "Tournament," This eon. for me unravel : Now tell me by which train you think A dull boy ought to travel. SIssY WATKIxs, Watford. 17.-Ye riddlers of the "Tourney," pray Tell me if you can, When should a yoning mulberry spray Resemble a dead man P MrBBY MAT, London.
, . OMEGRAM. (Thel atJettekof a word is chnnged to fnrn n aother word.) 18.-You may rise, by persistent and patient toil, High up on the ladder of fame; You may rise to a height far beyond the clouds, And enjoy the ballooning game; You may rise to occasions with wondrous ease,', You may rise at the post and win; But if you would swiftly and suddenly rise, Sit down on the point of a pin. You may drop from the air in a graceful way With a parachute sure and strcng; You may drop in a mendicant's palm a coin As you carelessly walk along; You may drop accidentally on a friend, You may drop every thought you feel; But if you would quickly, decidedly drop, Just you step on an orange-peel. You may run with the speed of a railway.train, Andfirst fleetness of foot be known; You may run up a bill at your tailor's, and Receive his account with a groan ; You may run a menagerie if you will, You may run down a next in vain; But if you would really speedily run, Meet an angry bull in a lane. You may stop a wild runaway horse, and feel Quite deservedly somewhat proud; You may stop at the coast for a month or two, Far away from the " madding crowd;" You may stop your epistles with pointed care, You may stop both your ears, and sleep; But if you would truly, decisively stop, Run into the arms of a sweep. You may hang up your hat on the kitchen door, As a sign of possession sure; You may hang down your head in the crowded street, And be very coy and demure ; You may hang to the arm of a maiden fair, You may hang on her words with hope; But if you would silently, finally hang, . Try a nail and a yard of rope. PHILO, Glasgow. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 19.-He was a noble missionary, bent upon a task, And as he took his seat upon the steamer on a cask He cast his eyes about him-in a figurative sense- And his look of grand benevolence and pity was immense. But suddenly his look reversed to that of great surprise, And as he stood aghast the man could scarce believe his eyes. He'd come to change the Indians, the wild and fiendish race, But, lo! he had not far to go, for there, before his face, He saw two yelling blackies who were howling with their might, A picturesque adornment o'er their faces, black as night. And in their hands two instruments of torture-to the ear, A miniature tomahawk, inspiring all with fear. Their native cry-that yelling-this, then, was the fiendish tribe ! The missionary rubbed his eyes, and tried his sight to bribe. "My journey, then, is ended I" he exclaimed, with joyous glee, " For of all the scoundrels, these the worst who stand in front of me." S. DE BEAR. ACROSTIC. (A word,or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 20.-My primals is a lovely lake In Keswick vale, Upon whose waters oft I take A pleasant sail. Gross Words. A riddler this will doubtless be, Well known to each one in the " T." Part of the day this you'll proclaim; Backward and forward it reads the same. My Young Folks Paper, weekly, through, I always this with gladness do. A Cumbrian poet famed afar, Whose poems true perfection are. This we should never do at all; 'Tis hurtful to the heart and soul. This is a time of blesshd peace, When we from labour find release. This we should cherish and uphold, Till pulseless is the heart, and cold. Though great love we don't bear for this, Through it we gain sweet hours of bliss. A season, riddlers, will appear, Known as the Sabbath of the year. This forms a part of dear Young Folks, Famed for its songs and witty jokes. This I am still to gain a place, The " Tourney's" riddling band to grace. Last to get we all may try, But unsuccessful prove. Good-bye. WILD BRIAR, Lamplugh. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meanins, but the same in sound.) 21.-" Any room for a passenger ?" questions a first. " We're full up I" comes the answer. "But this is a next-cart, and T am a first !" "Oh, well, then we can, sir 1" S. DE BEAR. SQUARE WORDS. 22.-A very fine cloth my first will give you, 'Tis worn by ladies, and gentlemen, too; When creased, ladies who wish to improve it Take a hot second, and to and fro move it. Thirdly dresses all young ladi s desire; And this is the cloth they most admire; But if only they last what comfort, indeed, I have in my garments of home.spun tweed- How easy they fit! why, they'd Ilugh, I suppose, For I can turn round inside of my clothes. R. WA'r, Glasgow.