RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. METAGRAM.
(Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 1.-What a deal of first and sorrow In this pleasant world is wrought I What a many hearts are broken, Many harsh, unjust words spoken, Simply through the " want of thought." Many are to ruin going, Many joys are dearly bought; Some, when happy lives are spending, Meet a sad, untimely ending Through the dreadful " want of thought." O(I dull care we should not borrow, Is a lesson we are taught; bl-onld bright fortune hover o'er you, I'o not mar the life before you Simply for the " want of thought." 3 "t us. then, our strength be showing, Working, striving, as we ought; I)eath is looming in the distance, 1,o not spoil this last existence Through the careless " want of thought." MARtON L. TAYLOR, llrkenhead. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 'I re letters of a word are transposed. and form another word ii the narrativc.) 2.-She breathed the air of a summer's day, Anl her cheeks were fresh as the rose's blush; The sky was bright, and the earth was gay, The country smiled in a peaceful hush; The sun was warm, and the trees were green, And flowers gasve perfume to the air; All that was heard, all that was seen, Was wondrous sweet and wondrous fair. The light-winged birds trilled notes of glee, The rabbits scampered down the hill; " ['is all so bright, so bright," said she, " And life is very sweet to me, But something-something is wanting still." ]lbnd clasped in hand, they walked along in the same green meadow she trod before; IF- h bird from its heart gave a sweeter song Than ever it sang in days of yore. 'ie whestears bowed in the gentle breeze, The flowers were bright in the shady grove, And the wind was whispering to the trees A story that seemed to tell of love; And the old sun smiled in ecstasy, Warming the world with right good will. " We love," as he kissed her lips, said be, " We love," as she blushed for joy, quoth she, And Nature herself seemed brighter still I H. C. PRICE, Southwark. NARRATIVE REVERSION. (A 'ord is reversed, and bears a different meaning in the narrative.) 3.--Away with melancholy ? Nay, Let not that pensive pleasure leave me. I would not, if I could, be gay; Let melancholy, therefore, stay, I!er sober phantasies to weave me. I would be left in solitude, " e merry myrmidous of Momus. Let no rude revelry intrude To jar upon my quiet mood: iA vaunt ! ye satellites of Comus. Bring death's bend, cross-bones, funeral pall, Cypress, and all things funereal; And if there must be noise at all, W ny, let some " hired mourners" squall, And make the passing bell to peal. Then shall I be indeed content, And sit in such a situation Like Sadness on a monument, And give my happiness full vent In elegy and lamentation. D. Gow. REVERSION. IA word which read backward forms another word.) 4.-Whene'er I view thy calm, reposeful form In solemn state upon the kitchen fire, Grim barricades and hosts of death I'd storm To soothe with thee my wild, intense desire. For, lovely fish, my heart is ever thine, As day by day I linger o'er thy charms; First gloomy darkness and in bright sunshine, My breast with love thy gentle visage warms. I love thee, herring I love thy brilliant coat, And every portion of thy smiling grace; Yea, even when within my slender throat A bone of thine sticks in a tender place. When down to supper night by night I sit, And thy next shadow rests upon the wall, All earthly crosses from my pathway flit, While I attend to thee, my life, my all I F. G. WxBs, Southwark. MONOPHONE. (Words of different meaning, but the same in sound.) 5.-An honest man of principle was Dan, Than whom it would be hard to find a 1 etter man ; But one sad failing had his life accursed- He was too fond of his full glass of first; And often when the first-shops put him out, And as he staggered home after a " bout," It was remarked that 'twas the breadth of way, And not the length, which troubled him. Next day His head was sore, and everything went wrong, And that day seemed to him as two days long; But still his wicked ways he mended not: Soon he grew into a confirmed sot. One night, as he was stagg'ring through the town, (Unhappy wight I) a tramcar knocked him down And o'er him passed, but still he was not dead; " He'll soon come round," the grave old doctor said. And so he did; but ever from that night Ile shunned the grog-shops' most enticing light; And now he says, " Had I that night been killed, A wretched drunkard's last I should have filled." P. S., Belfast. ACROSTIC. A word, or word-. formred of the initial letters of other words. Foundation Word. -.-The greatest poet ever known Wrote the play by primals shown. Its name I shall no plainer tell, For I'm convinced you know it well ; And if you don't, you ought to. Cross Words. The first's a noble seconid called, In " Mavor's Spelling-book ;" If you've forgotten what I mean, You'd better go and look. A sixteen years boy wants it thought That hie's now grown a next; So says he smokes, and if you doubt The fact, he's greatly vexed. Fourth is reckoned "kisg of beasts." I don't dispute his right; PutI travellers say the tiger is More daring in a fight. i'mo coming shortly to tlhe filth Of this important work; 2t's been a task that many of The writers here would shirk. But, modestly, I now retire, For I ovations shun. " Sixth fugit," says thle clock, and so To post this con. I run. ANNIE A. ROYSTON, Birmingham. LOGOGRIPH. iA wo rd which maybe treated as a imelagram, decapitation, del"- t·ion, anil transposition, but leaves a perfect word after each operation.t 7.,-First will an animal descry. This animal behead, You'll find, if you will only try, Another one instead. Ladies and gents oft wear my next, lBunt where I dare not tell, Fr fear you'd find me. Be not vexed, Whole is a bloom known well. ANNte Sarrn, Greeloy.
NARRATIVE DELETION. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leaving another word,et pressed in the narrative.) 8.-Ah, you ought to have seen him that beautiful eve With his pens, ink, and paper before him. You would scarcely believe that such sighs he coold heave, Such a sad, vacant look could come o'er him. And the chair which he used l Goodness mel to tis day- To this moment-I can't understand it. Can you say, reader, pray, why that chair didn't give way When he wrote his first poem-" The Bandit?" a Ah, you ought to have seen him that beautiful morn, As he reed in Young Folks the news solemn: " You are no poet born, though your cons. will adorn In their turn, our grand ' Touruament ' column." , To our hero these words were addressed, you have guessed, And it must have been that which upset him; For for nights he couldn't rest (do not think that I jest)- The aforesaid remarks, sir, wouldu't let him. Ah, you ought to have heard him that beautiful eve, As he read to some friends Byron's poems! Yet I think it will grieve you to learn some did leave In high dudgeon, in haste, and in-broughams; For, whilst giving to them with his tenderest touch, " Miscellaneous Poems," by B., Ile had passed oflf as such his ownir latest-too much For the folks who saw through it, d'ye see ? Ah, you really should see him- You don't wish to, eh ? Oh, well, then, I'll bid you a very good day. AitCul::u B.. Kentish Town, DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 9.-Atkins was bold and adventurous-be To be a brave soldier aspired; To 'list in the army and serve his country, Was what Tommy Atkins desired. In battles and dangers he'd not have a fear, He'd soon be a general, with thousands a year, And a large pension when he retired. Yes, Atkins a distant great-uncle had too, A hero in no degree small, And though only a private in rank, it is true, He'd followed the war-trumpet's call; lie boasted the enemy ne'er saw his back- Bad folks used to say he hid 'neith a haystack, So the foe never saw him at all. Though this distant great-uncle a private had be;:1u Tomumy Atkins no reason could see Why, after some active engagements he'd seen, He should not reach the top of the tree; And Thomas thus reasoned : " If they had found out 1:,y great-uncle's attainments and genius, no doubLl He'd have soon been what I'm going to be." llis uncle so modest was, and so retiring (" Quite true I" wicked folk would agree, " When the enemy got the command.' Commence -ringl' No man retired quicker than he !") ; liut Thomas would let them all first he was clever, His superiors all would remark, " Did you ever A cleverer soldier ere see ?" lie enlisted, and Atkins, the milit'ry man, At duty's stern call marched away, To fight for his country in Afghanistan And heaps of the enemy slay. When fighting the Afghans, he prudence ne'er h.c1.l, His arm was cut off and he's next invalided. His pension is sixpence a day. F. C. BOEHMER, Shornllli', 10.-Young 'Arry Jones, dressed in his be.:, Went out his girl to meet; 'Tis true he thought no other girl Could equal 'Arriet Sweet. When gaily dressed in colours bright, lie thought she looked divine, While she of 'Arry thought the same, A nd said, " Don't be look fine !" Last rapidly walked down first street, 'rill near the rendezvous, W hen back he started with affright, And said, " What's this I view ?" W fat startled him was, 'Arriet stood. Outside a tailor's shop, Aid, as he thought, conversing with A gaily-dressed young fop I The back of the "young fop" was turned Towards astonished 'Arry. " And so," he thought, " I am deceived. But, no, I will not tarry ; liy spleen on this young fop I'll vent- I'll break his blessed back I" And with these words he crept behind " The gentleman in black." Down came the stick, down came " the f0;;" But, lo I he fell "in two I" And o'er the "body of his foe," 'Arry to 'Arriet flew. The " valiant 'Arry" had to pay Of shillings not a few To have the " body " of his foe Together stuck with-glue ! T. Rovsros, Birmingh~am 11.-My first's a great propelling power; Behead, a word's in view Which means " a troop of horses all Together yoked." Adieu. W. G. Su:irsoN, ClonmeL 12.-My first in ancient battlefields was often to be seen; My second on a tree is found, in sunny orchards green; My third and last is surely part of every humnan frame. And now your humble servant signs his very verdant name ParTJCL. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wer .1 13.-M-y first, you will find, is a certain kind of meat, Which every one will own is very nice; My second is a place wherein children bathe their fee:, Therefore all of us I think it should entice; MIy ,Iole, when brought to view, is a large seaport toen, Which for all kinds of shipping has guaied gre:.t renown. A. HIEAD, Eastbourne. 14.-My first it is a mystic power, That makes you light and merry; It drowns your feelings and your cares, Almost as good as sherry. My novt it is a thing you know, 'To build a castle it will go; My total is a statesman's name Who long has graced the scroll of fame. G. BELL, OovIa 15.--3[y first is a kind of vehicle, iLy second's a kind of fish; My third is that part of a river Where folks can cross if they wish, lly ichole is a town of Ireland, On the eastern coast its found- On a bay which bears a similar name, And where second it doth abound. DEMANGeC5!e PALINDROMIIE. (A wvor which read backwards or forwards is still the sans:l 16.-It is never seen at night, Whatever be the light, Whether candle, electricity, or gas; But in the day 'tis known, In every land and zone, And all mankind must see it by them paoci. R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham.