RJIDDLE TOURNAMENT. META.OM]EGRAM. (ChRnlre the first and last letters of a word to form another word.)
1.-Long have I pipimnl in accents monotonous, Sung in my glee when the " Tourney" was praised; Long have I wept when a hard has forgotten us, Grovelled in grief, till with sorrow I'm dazed. Yea, and a knight, With his lance gleaming bright, Lifted his voice, and my sorrow had flown. Ah, but they say 'Tis the world's usual way, That grim trouble won't leave us atlone This is my vwon, 'tis but one of a few, Who is La Mi. sterie ? What is his history ? Prithee, good knights, tell me true. Lo. there are final, with cloaks of obscurity, Singing so sweet that my heart cannot chide them; Loug may their voices resound through futurity- Modest are they with the covers that hide them. Linger I loug, When I hear a sweet song, Yea, and it rings in my heart all the day, Now, there's a bard Who is winning reward, And all ladies are curious, they say. I've no exception, so ask this of you- Who is La MIysterie ? What is his history ? Prithee, good knights, tell me true. MAlloaN TAYLOR, London. NARRATIVE META-OMIEGAtT. (Changge.the first and lat letters of a word to form another word expressed in the nar ative.) 2.-When first we fell in love, I loved To call my charmer Iilda; But we fell out, anoi now, you know, She's simply Miss de Vilda. For music of the classic kind We'd both an ardent passion, And symphonies interpreted In scientific fashion. Bravura shakes were our deli;ht, Though we were never Shakers (It scarcely follows-does it, friecnds ?- That all who quake are Quakers). " I In double pianissimo We whispered our affections, And forte-fled each beating heart With time-ly interjectious. Oft would our obbligato sighs Rise with a quick crescendo, Then musically die away In long diminuendo. The maxim of our life was then "Love is the richest treasure ;" And to us both it seemed to bring The maxim-um of pleasure. And all went well until one night, When we in G were playing, She said I was A flat, and then Mimicked a donkey's braying. I calmly bowed, then, with my bow, "A sharp " sercnely sounded, But quick that string unstrung her nerves, Anudfrom the stool she bo..tuod,. "Then you're a sharper," loud she yelled; But from the house I hurried. How could I be, with any girl So full of crotchets, worried ? Pluio, Glasgow. PRECE-OMEGRAM. (Change the lnast letter but one of a word to form another word.) 3.-Dear V. D. Taylor, I have read TVith pleasure first your praises In rhythmic rhyme, the wiining Chime Of '" Buttercups and daisics." And I would join my song with yours In all its varied phrases, And htdp to sing of thoughts tlhat cling To " butte, cups and daisies." For I agree, when looking hack To childhood's dreamy haze., Our hearts are bo,uud to bless the (round For " buttercups and daisies." And even now I seem to feel- Such thoughts the subject raises - Tha .hrill of pride when first I tic e My bunch of "'cups and daisies." And happy hours of long ago, In life's dark misty mazes, Come bha k so plain, that once again I long to last the daisies. So here's the best of thanks to you- Lung may you sing their praises, And far and wide will spread the pride Of "buttercups and daisies." H. A. TAYOR,. Birkenhead. OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another n urd.) 4.-There was a most eccentric luan, Who-thus it was the primal ran- Resolved to sail the ocean blue In nothing but a small canoe. Of course it was not done for naught ; He wagered with his friends, who thought Him mad, but, just to humour him, beemed interestod in his whim. How.gallantly he pulled away ! He sailed throughout the livelong dlay, And then, alas ! there quickly buret Of hurricanes th'e very worst. The waves rose high, the waves fell low, And with them he was forced to go; The cyclone's rage on him was spent, And where it took him there he went. At last, when he was nearly dead, Away from him the final sped, And cast him, clinging to a spar, Upon the coast of Zanzibar. The trouble that this man went through Would fill of books a pile or two ; But, as our space will not permit, Nor time, we will not write of it. Suffice it that, with wives a score, . He settled on that savage shore. .Return he may, though you may scoff, But, till he does, all bets are " off." J. A. MAARSnALL AND RonBRT LE DIABLE. CONUNDRUMS. 5.-Solver, I attention claim. Pray tell me, if you can: A well.known riddler find, and name A useful artisan. T. "UAsiTHORNE, Hr1naeorsmith. 6.-This riddle is rsther funny, By the answer you'll see; Now, riddlers, try and spell "Brandy " With letters only three. II. CARTER.
NARRATIVE CENTRAL DELETION. (Drop a letter from the centre of a word t form another, expressed in the narrative.J "Rule, Queen Marion !" 7.-When in the " Tourney " first my stand I took, with hotpcs of fame to gain, This was the war-cry of our band, And gallant knights sang this refrain: Rule, Queen Marion I Queen Marion rules the " T. I" Thy knights will ever faithful be! With visor down I fought for thee, Though fearing 'neath thy gaze to fall; But now my noni do plume is free, For thou hast pardoned each and all. Rule, Queen Marion i Queen Marion rules the " T. !" Jo-King will ever faithful be I Ye knights with strange devices, rise! Ye wearers of the inky cluok, Come forth, and tilt ye for ihe prize With lance of sentiment or jouice. Rule, Queen Marion! Queen Marion rules the " T. I" Thy unknown knights will faithful bo Thy pardon, queen. I will proclaim, Ahd welcome thee to London town, Where but the mention of thy name Will urge each knight tuo gain renown. Rule, Queen Marionl Queen Marion rules the " T.!" Thy London knights will faithful be ! Queen of the "Tourney," mnayt thou reign, Bright may thy crown of genius shine; And each true riddler's heart enchain With cheery, joyous songs of thine. Rule, Queeu Marton! Queen Marion rules the " T. i" Thy knights will ever faithful be! And other voices, too, shall sound Thy praises sweetly on the air, And ableud with those of knights aroand This happy chorus of the fair: Rule, Queen Marion! Queen Marion rules the " T. !" Thy maidens all will faithful o ! Jo-KIt, Lambeth. NARRATIVE DOUBLE DECAPITATION. (Drop the first two te-'.rs fromee a worn. Iii ilg another word expressed in iie nt arative.) 8.-Oh, V D. T. and Ivanhoe. two clever knights you be, lBut yet with everything you say I real!y can't. agree ; In ecery land throughout the globe you're ahnoot sure 10o iud Some males who say of us poor girls, things-well, they're quite unkind. I canuoc have my sex maligned, aid so I will maintain That if there were no girls about, you gentleumen would fain Bear anything to fill the void which we dear creatures left-- In fa, t. you'd all go mad if you of ladies were bereft! Now, if there were no girls about (mind you, we'll but suppose), Who'd scrub the floors, and make the beds, and who would wash your clothes ? Whlo'd mind the babies ? cook the meals? and then I'd ask you how You would get on if now and then with us you couldn't "row"P You'd have no rosy lips to kiss, no soft, white hands to slhake. And not the shadow of a chance to buy a wedding cake ! 1'11 own there are some silly maids who wear those wondrous things, Which are a mass of steels, and wires, and satin, tied with strings. They commonly are "bustles" called, and "dress ima. provers," too; T~rt even they are nrot so bain an somoi thiina- t,.ot nun do. Who patronises collars high, to look the " mabiec" style ? Who wears strange hats, which, by their shape, make all t he ladies smile? Who wears a fifteen.shilling suit, and sports a penny cane ? Who is, in fact, a speciteou of all thbat's " soft " and vain ? If there are gushing maids who don the fashion of the day, There also are those other ones who, though they're bright and gay, Are true, and good, and sweet as well, who bless you poor men's lives, And prove themselves the homeliest and dearest little wires. And if there are the "dandies," and the senseless " masher lot," Who live for nothing else but getting what they haven't got, There also are tthose others who are honourable and true, And, V. D. T. and Ivanhoe, they're very much like you. NELLIE YWATSON, Cheshunt. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a tword, leaving anlother word, expressed ill the narrative.. 9.-A mighty king art thou, O Time, A constant king and true; Thy mansion in the heavens sublime, Thy maiec in the blue. With all its ties a year has rolled Far from us in the past, And cares that have too firm a hold Upon our hearts are cast. Thr smile the New Year's dawning greets, Thy stores to it are set; With nothing for the dead 3ea.r's sweets, One sigh of deep regret. A sage old king art thou, 0 Time, A miosarch shrewd and visc, Whose changes o'er our vi-age climb, With grief to dim our eyes:. Yet may we well forgive, forget, In resignation's calm, The smitings felt in Memory's net, Ennobling as they charm. So trustfully to thee, O king, We beg for life's new lease : Please God within the New Year bring More light, and joy, and peace. An I)u:NNr AND VIOLET DAVIES. 10.-An Italian who was very poor Used to speak to fortune thus (After playing at roulette night by night, And losing his coin lais ruse): "Ah I treacherous goddess, Fortune base, Thou canst surely make ito lose I But e'en thou canst not make me paye- I'll meet your every ruse." The stakes ran high, his breath came fast, As every night the same; His coin ran low. for, sure as faie, His was a losing game. "Thou canst not maike n:e pay," he said, But once in d. adly strife, Wlhen he refused to pay in tash, He paid ap with his life. Duasoa ANa A.ncnsa B. 1tNIGMIA. 11.-I am small and round, and I uam found Within the orchard blooming; Agnij.idt thIe nismihief I lrhave carused h'eI'whi. iolo wilde wcorld is filrtring. V. D). TAYLot, Warrinigton,
DOUBLE ACROSTICS. (The final letters, as well as the initials. form a word, or words.) Foaptdation Wfords. 12.-" Stop thief I stop thief I" We hear the cry, And hurried footsteps patter by- All are joining in the chase; " Bobbies " who have in eye a case, With flourished truncheons, clatter on But thou the thief has vanished-gone( A worthy scion of evil-doers, More Iprimal than his game pursuers. 'Tis London ! Busy city that, A city I'm astonished at; A visit would be quite a treat, And if you sanutered down this street- That is, if stranger you should be- More changing sights you'd never see; Yet final bore a prison's name, One built to hide the debtors' shame. Cross iTords. Light number one will show you what's my fee- 'Tis not a doctor's, as you plain can see; So, ye who suffer much from earthly ills, Fear not a charge for nauseous draughts or pills. A fitting prize for one who bravely stood Upon the battlefield all strewn with blood, And did persistently, successfully oppose The dashing charges of his country's foes. Though but one-fifth of this con. here you meet, You'll find that it is in itself complete, A whole, and at the same time but a part, It hap may for a moment try the solver's art. A Roman magistrate this light portrays, Who his existence had in bygone days, Whe.s of his best attention and his care liighwayl and public buildings claimed a share. Now for the filal light you have to guess That which to-day shall form a part of dress; The ladies know its uses, that is eertatiu. Now, by your leave, I'll drop the mystic curtain. R. L. JEFvFEISON AND J. SUtIREY. Foundatioln Vords. 13.-I have no doubt that if you will endeavour, You'll soon discover this composer's name; His music's always sp lrkling, bright, and clever, And great you will acknowledge is his fame. A comic opera my jfuats show you- The music by my p)riiaus was composed: You may have heard it, but, if not, I trow you Will know it when the answer is disclosed. Cross WVords. A busy little insect here I now will call on to appear. Next is not in east or west ; Still it's near, must be colfessed. " Practice makes you perfect," so You this light should surely know. Next is medicine, and yet As poisonous as you could get. If I am not this, I fear (Unless curtailed) l'm scarcely clear. Now this is before your eyes, Need you look with sharp surprise ? To a shop, maybe, I'll haste, And my seventh I will taste. Offer next whene'er you can To your struggling fellow-man. Now he walks abroad as free As any one could wish to be. A. AnriBRILEY AND It. L. JEFFFrRtsON. ACROSTICS. (A wo-rd.or words. formed or the initptl letlers of other words.) Foundation WVords. 14.-Oh, I often sadly wander, SAnd I think of one sO fair, On whom oft I used to squander Surplus money ev'rywh. te. To the concerts we attended, And the balls to which we've gone, Will our course be 'gain ne or'wunded, For I sadly walk alone, Since primals jilted me. Cross Words. A country I wish you for first to please write, Fromu our island s"e firm far removed ; My first is so plain that its name you'll indite- By the answer my words will be proved. A second oft will interest, And sometimes will amuse ; Perchance when reading you're impressed When you a next peruse. All solvers should quickly find next, Without either trouble or hurry; You surely will not be perplexed O'er a town promptly seen in fair Surrey. The fire quite fiercely now is blazing, And decoration blight is all around; Attraction caused by one thing is amazing, When harmlessly suspended 'bove the ground. A continent vast you in fifth will discern, That is, if your answers are smart ; -And doubtless you all at the same time will learn Of this fifth my first forms a part. Renowndd will his name long be, His grateful country's pride; For long both battle he braved, and sea, Then on his ship he died. All riddlers must, I think, now own, And such is my impression, That Inal cous. will soon alone Of favour hold possession. J. Ssocus, Southwra:k. Founldaionl l' I;d. 15.-Oh. primnas, so clever and witty, Return to us once more, And sing us tllh songs you were wont to In the goideu days of yore. Among the throng of riddlers We sadly miss your voice, So to the " T." return once imore, And make our hearts rejoice. Cross Words. My furst is a certain kind of bird; This is a country of which you've heard; In my third a number you will see; Fonurth is a town, not far frlom the Dee; In the "Tourney" page tfhis name is found; Thes article's got under the ground; A riddler's name you now behold; This is a stone more precious than gold; And for the tlast cross word, please take A celebrated Scottish lake. J. BIRBaELL, Belfast. DICKENSONIAN ENIGMIA. (One character speaking in each cOuplet gives the llu: to the other character spoken tf.) 1G.--" Over my grass I defy you to go ! Miadam, 'tie useless to look at me so." "Better than father was he to me; He sought me in lands over the sea." " I said I was willing-what more could I say ?- Till at long-last she promised to love and obey." "While he lived I endured him to please my wife; But dead I lament him, and owe him my life." lMIA IrlttA
CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word. leavinir Inother word.) 17.-Now, in this con., you'll please observe, We do not try to pun; And if you think we praise deserve, Reserve it till we're done; For we are not punsters, this you'll see, Although we live by the Zuyder Zoo. In this, kind friends, you'll also see There's not a witty line; No fields of untold fun have we, And of good jokes no mine; For we are not jokers can't you ee, Although we live by the Zuyder Zee? Again, dear riddlers, you wil first No plot is in this piece; No scheme of love or war we quote, As we are men of peace; For we are last plotters vile, you see, Although we live by the Zuyder Zee. This con. is done, and if you think Eccentric it apll,ears, Don't say at once " :lhe missing link," Butt elevate your ears- 'Tis Schneider and Broad Arrow, don't you see, Who live upon the banks of Zuyder Zoo ? SCHNsEIUDEI AND BUoAtO Anno\w, Zunyder Zoo. 18.-If every first could have his way, And inight could be turned into day, Should we be happy, light, and gay, 1 wonder P If girls could dress just to their taste, And death they thought they would not haste, Oh, what would be the sizo of waist, I wonder Do girls like mashers tall and thin, With collars high above the chin, And heads with very little in, I wonder ? If we could travel by balloon, And take cheap trips up to the moon, Should we get farther very boon, I wonder ? If comic songs were made a crime, And punsters had to pay a line, Would there be many in that line, I wonder ? If girls that only blush and sigh Had to propose--ow, by-the-by, Would many of those aidelnsb try, I wonder ? If here last earth it was deeredil That we should naught butt liuems read, Suicides would be great indeed- No wonderl F. J. ALLIBON. CHARADE. (Formed on a word eacn syllable of whllon is a word.) Fi'rst. 19.-In the moonlight, glittering, dancing, Lies the undulating sea, Tumbling, heaving, sparkling, glancing, Seeming buoyant aye, and free. Then with steady, stately motion, Watch the primal in its basit Cleave the wavelets of the oceau, Which before was but a waste. Second. Blare the trumpets, cymbals clashing, Showmen shouting, roar and din; Strollers in apparel dashing, Your good graces hope to win. Ilere's the strong man, mark his powersl People think his strength is great, But of praises he'd have showers If he o'er could lift this weight. lVhole. You will treat me with derision, If 1 were to tell to you That with witch-like superstition I your mind will soou imbue. Ontci a witch, and she, no other, boou was known to world and fame; Even people called her mothLlr- You, lay friend, must fitil her name. I1. L. JaEmtLuson, London. * LETAGI i5AMS. (Change the first letter of a ar otl' tO fortm nuother worli 20.-" Will you splice with me ?" I've heard some clever poets say; Or " Will you with my own your sweet lot cast ?" Were I to ask a damsel for her hand, I'd s y, " Will you, my own sweet primual, be my lust?" S. nE BEAs. 21.-" Tom, why kick thbo firsl off the ned ? I'm sure you could get past." "Because, mamma, she is so third, And cannot catch a Last." ANNIE SanIT, Gresley. 22.-A first caught a second on a third If you guess right, don't think it absurd. PETER POTTEIR POTKINS.