RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DECAPITATIONS.
DroP thse irt letter of a word, lo*v*ln another word.) long have admired (though I've written few cons.) las gs the Sphinx's bright daughters and sons; leys ondered, as year has succeeded to year, tle feces spring up and old friends disappear, lthey who have taken the places left void the tale t and grace their forerunners enjoyed; lee tneetioen I second, dear friends,in my lay s d dlers of yore excel those of to-day ? eere Clark, Cleere, and Finder-all talented ones, re w otead and Croger wrote beautiful cons.; e w .ellB whose jokes caused so many broad grins- arowte ecellent riddles, and played violins I erese Price (artist-poet) whose every con. red to be lauded as a paragon ? eres gitchuer, who sang in a serious way P these riddlers of yore excel those of to-day P ,, Woodent Cherliketernoe" came on the scene, it conjecture was rife None his real name could heer, Price, Barwell, Coulson, were all brought to tbsaid to be him who "wrote under a mask." Kelly was really the name of the bard e won from our "Tourney" knights praise and re. ie Cdoper (as Noe Naime) wrote riddles au fait. these riddlers of yore excel those of to-day ? s, athey did not! For if we come to think, have bards now-the best that e'er dipped pen in ink; ehave Gow, whose great talents so many have sung ; have Coulson the versatile, Drenon the young; shave Wallis, and Adoock, and Pickering, too ; have clever Fred Webb; and with such names in iew, Simpossible our fame will ever decay. the riddlers of yore eqal those of to-day ? toeu turn to the ladies. We've Marion T. elt Marion, ever a dear friend to me 1) SBoehmer and Edith Kate Rendle next stand' lore us-they come on the scene hand in hand; dnor Lottie W., clever and wise, is Royston, Kate Royston-each hitherward hies; ggie Denny and Marion Bonnell. Now say, ithe riddlers of yore equal those of to-day ? word or two more, and my first will be done another dear face we'd be gazing upon- he face of our Ed. (dearest Ed. I) I must view I finish my riddle and murmur " Adieu." he's smilingly coming this way-give a cheer I ds and lassies, unite, for our Editor's here I ilo he holds us in rein, is it possible, pray, r tie riddlers of yore to match those of to.day ? JENNIE A RTHUR. 1,-A n old man sits at the churchyard gate U uder the cypress shade, to wait T he setting of the sun; tT ncovered his head, and bleached his hair; Meekly he breathes a whispered prayer- N early first race nset run. S wiftly flew Spring's golden hours, U nheeded bloomed Life's Summer flowers: 'N eath a bright sky of love S he sleeps I The sun has sunk I-he dies; Enjoys with her beyond the skies T he Summertime above. A. E. HOOPER. 3.-Away we first along the street (What jolly dogs we are 1); We're off to see the races On our outside jaunting car. But, ah I a jolt, a neat is lost, Yet on our steed we goad; The wheel comes off, and last a heap We fall upon the road I DEMANCHES. REVERSION. IA word which read backward forms another word.) 4.--Life is like a brooklet, Which murmurs first its way Where sand and stones oft try Its onward course to stay. But, last, it ripples on- Still in and out doth wend, Until at last it gains Its grand and final end. So life should still push on, And naught its progress stay, Until at last it ends Above, where all is day. J. C. C. ARITHMIOREMS. ineerostlo. The letters of orose words that are Roman numerals expressed in fleures.l Foundation Words. 5.-The pri,nal now is dead, And a new one reigns instead. Cross Words. 5 and ore This is not under, I presume. 51 i fe Ends its career within the tomb. 1,500 ae Of female sex, as you'll agree. 50 i. yeou A season past you'here will see. 5.0 i, eae Means to avoid or shun, I ween. 10 , papo A kind of fruit in this id seen. 1,000 , eyhr I now must end my humble last, I hope you'll find the answer fast. W. kS. NOLAN, Clonmol. S Founedation Words. .-The initials nd finals, read downwards, will give lename of a noble patriot. Cross Wores. 151 and okww An Irish county. 0 na A country in Asia. 101 , porce A town in England. 1 ,, eb To lampoon. 102 , tars A proviuoe of Austria. 100 ,, zeta A dwarfish race. 1,501 ,, neston A town in Kent. DUAGRAM. C. SarTH. Chnue the first two letters of a-word to form another word.) ih-A welcome I sing To the blithesome Spring, The season of blossom and bud; When the fresh winds blow, And primroses grow, And the first birds sing in the wood. Iay-blossoms cover The hedge all over The violet blooms in the vale; The tint of its eye It tkes from the sky Its perfume it gives to the gale. The wandering bee S Again roams the lea, Its sweet stores of honey to find; But never, alack I SWill Gertrude come back -- ne, Lo be loving and kind. Bt, Spring, welcome yet, That young and free thou com'st again For I, too, am young, -Add oere rmust my tongue blake sacnss where loast onght to reig, *T W. TAYtou, Middlesborough.
ACROSTICS. (A word, or words, formed of the initial letters of other words.) Foundation Word. 8.-We can hear them in the summer singing through the woodland dells, And their sweet, enohanting music of the golden sunshine tells; Or it may be we will hear one captive in a narrow cage, Or perchance a gifted favourite on an operatic stage. But wit in the "Tourney" columns, with their voices sweet and rare, Springtime, summer, autumn, winter, you can surely find them there. Cross Words. First it is to read the stories In dear Young Folks, next sometimes We behold the "Tourney" glories, And enjoy the stirring rhymes Of our friends, whose third so cherished Ever with delight we see. Fragile flowers by frost have perished, But the trees fourth soon will be, And the woodland next be trilling That in winter-sixth we miss. All to greet Spring seventh are willing : Soon may she her blessings this. Winter, leave us-last not ever, But to other regions fly; For 'tis time that we should sever Welcome flowers and fair blue sky I LOTTIE W. AND MAlnIOw TAYLOR. Foundation Words. 9.--I bought me Young Folks, and I turned To where the " lights and leading" burned With brilliant glow-I mean the pages Where to behold one's name the rage is. I turned me there, as I have said, And all the cons. therein I read; But somehow all were dull. It seemed As if some light that erewhile gleamed Brightly within the " Tournament" Was in its page to-day content To be unrepresented; and Again the "Tournament" I scanned. Ah I then I knew the absentee, And- Guess, now, riddlers, who was he. Cross Words. " Steady, men, steady I" The army's advancing, Like a second of silver their helmets are glancing; Their bright flaunting third gaily first on the breeze, And the sheen of their spears is like light on the seas. With well.measured tread fourth they steadily come To the rat-tat and roll of the soul-stirring drum; Fifth, fifth the steep mountain.side to where their foe Sixth closely concealed 'mid the boulders. Then, lo I With sounding next the ambushed men forth sprang, And sword met sword with ringing clash and clang. Then eighth the erstwhile peaceful air the shrieks Of dying men arose. The greensward reeks With life.blood shed for--what ? The day is fast Declining, yet the fray's ninth o'er. At last The victory's declared, and peals forth then A ringing shout from the victorious men. J. WATT. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 10.-We heard the distant orb of night Come sailing o'er the sea; We heard the eagle in his flight Roll down the verdant lea. We heard the silent heron's shriek, We heard the voiceless bell; We saw the lambkin's tender shriek Come crashing o'er the dell. We heard the smiling of the sun, The dewdrop's liquid note; We saw the leafy poplars run Athwart the gloomy moat. We heard the blushing rose unveil Her face unto the morn; We saw the zephyr's joyful wail Upon the golden corn. We saw the sparrow's mournful song Go sweeping o'er the glen; We heard the howling fireflies throng The glory of the fen. We heard the rivulet that sings Upon the ravine's cleft- In fact, we heard a lot of things, But we've no paper left I CoULsoN AND ADCOCE. CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word. leaving another word.) 11.-Long years have passed since you and I Have watched full many a time together The sun sink in the crimson sky, Each glorious eve in summer weather. Then wonder your blue eyes would fill At that bright land with red clouds laden; And, wondering, seemed more charming still My own, my darling Irish maiden. And now between us first the sea; In western countries o'er the ocean I know you keep a heart for me- A heart of loving, deep devotion. And gazing at the setting sun, From that sweet dale we often strayed in, I smile to think it shines upon My own, my faithful Irish maiden. I sigh away the weary years; The more I sigh, the more they linger, And heavier my work appears, And dull as Time's slow.moving finger, But light when next feel in my heart- That heart your image ne'er will fade in- It nearer brings the day I'll start To find again my Irish maiden. QuiP. TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 12.-Now, Als Brown first a punster bold- Many people thought him funny, When on his signboard this they next. "A. Brown, blacksmith. Ready money." Als Brown possessed a cat, you know, And he tried one day to catch him; Unfblino was his conduct, for The cat did fiercely try to scratch him. One day a horse came to his shop, And he really couldn't shoe it; The cat cried, " Me-ow," and Als said, " Pussy, shloe me-'ow to do it." J. S. GtCrsrscx. LOGOGRIPHS. (A word whlch may be treated as a metagram, decapitatIon, dele. tion, ntlld transposition, baut leaves a perfect word after each oloration.) 13.-'Tis terribly thrilling, dealing with killing, A very long way from a jest or a joke; Behead it, and turn it, and then you'll discern it Will end very shortly in nothing but smoke. T. CARPENTER, 14.--My first's expressed by "forfeiture;" Curtail, and you may then procure Part of a fish, which when bereft Of head, a preposition's left. M. F. GERAN, Fermoy. 15.-A Christian name, which when 'tis found, Initial changed, then turned around, Will lay before yon, without fail, The higher part of vocal scale. DnAGOON.
OMEGRAMS. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word.) 16.-Can you tell me the way to become very famous P To startle the world by some great first begun ? To raise up my humble cognomen the same as Such heroes as Pharaoh or Calcraft have done? Shall I try to invent a superior mustard ? Or test most minutely the brain of a frog P Shall I go in for shooting, tr riding, or hunting P Or train for a sixty days' race with a dog ? Do you think 'twould be best to become a great soldier, And slay twenty blacks with one sweep of my sword ? Or to get myself chosen to sit in the Commons, And cause fellow-members to shake at my word P But here, on my next, friends, I must become famous, Though death all the fruits of my labour may check; I'll try to create a great uproar by falling O'er some Alpine mountain and breaking my neck ! F. G. WEBB, Southwark. 17.-When Young Folks Budget was the name Which graced this publication, By many a fine exciting first It gained my admiration. Of warlike knights and giants next I read with thrilling pleasure; And every number seemed to me A mine of hidden treasure. As I grew older year by year, And mind and tastes expanded, The paper seemed to grow with me, And gave what I demanded. Instead of those loved fairy tales, Came ones of equal merit, Which, though diverse in many things, Their interest did inherit. For many a year these tales have giv'n The greatest satisfaction; Yet they are not by any means The paper's sole attraction. A " Letter-Box" there is for those Desiring information; A " Tourney," where the riddlers strive With friendly emulation; And lately the "Olympic" rose (That best of institutions- That ever-changing page, replete With varied contributions). So to this paper I am hound By admiration's fetter; And true to it I shall remain Until I find a better. R. GLAsooW, Hull. CENTRAL CHANGE. (Change the central letter of a word to form another word.) 18.-You have had, dear Marion, Sev'ral brothers-I, not one; Which should grumble-you or I, dear? I have irist for brothers; you Say you'd willingly lend two To whoever 'd have them I Why, dear P Can it be their manly bass Aught obnoxious in it has- Aught your gent'e nerves upsetting ? Or do they come, as you write, Careless whet thought-buds they blight, And by whistling set you fretting ? Do they shout out " Mar-i-on 1" As you're pond'riug o'er a con., Heedless what harm they to you do P ®r, if guiltless of all these Masculine atrocities, Tell me what they really do do I Since you've asked me to disclose Just a few of last-up woos, Will you share them with me, Jennie P Brothers four I have, 'tis true, But (I'll whisper this to you) I have found them four too many I I could sing a doleful strain, Fill your little heart with pain, Sing of certain freaks atrocious ! I could tell a mournful tale, Make your rosy cheeks turn pale- Tell of youthful deeds precocious I I could tell of puns well worn, Slangy phrases meekly borne, Tear-drops to my optics bringing I How my hair stands up on end When they hideous noises blend, And assure me they are singing I But I cannot sing in brief Every sorrow, woe, and grief I for years have borne alone, dear. So another thing I'll tell: Brothers I like very well, That is, when they're not my own, dear! JENNIE ARTHUR AND MARION TAYL0E. RETROGRESSIVE CHANGE. (Change the letters of a word in succession, backwards, to form other words.) 19.-How pleasant, in the month of May, O'er some green hill to take our way, And far below, plain as a first, In view to see the country burst With all its scenes spread wide'and free- The silv'ry streams, the budding tree, The hedges where my next so fair With laden boughs perfumes the air. With here its buttercups and daisies, There its tangled, brambly mazes, Where the blackbird makes its home, And the timid rabbits roam. Those distant hills which spring to meet The sailing clouds that are so fleet. We gaze, and then our entity Is lost-'tis only Might we see! But to my con. Find, now, a town Near where the Findhorn rushes down. Ah I there I see you wish to know Within what country third doth flow. Well, then, for it, 0 witty band, Search well the straths of bold Scotland. And last-but not the least, I'll add- Nor more nor less is than a lad. AGONISTES. ENIGMAS. 20.-I am endowed with life, but cannot move Beloved by all am I, and yet, I ween, Some folks declare that 1 am awful green, Although my goodness they've had cause to prove. I have a heart-to love is past my power, Though folks love me; their love is e'en so great That they devour me-such is my sad fate. E'en while I live I fear death ev'ry hour; For I am cut off in the prime of life, And stabbed unto the heart with cruel knife. GEE GEE, Bristol. 21.-'Tis a curious expression that can't be disputed, For it tells us of things which are thoroughly rooted (Nay, rooted won't do-rather say quite immovable, And this statement you'll find to be easily provable); Whilst at the same moment-and this may be depended " on-- It is peripatetic-in its co'rse rather vagabond ! In short, whilst a stickler for standing quite still, It urges a restless and uncontrolled will. R. C. LOVELESS, Birmingham
CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which is a wordJ 22,--'Twas dusky eve, and at the appointed hour A maiden wandered from her lonely bower, Awhile the plaintive nightingale to hear, Then warbling in my first so sweetly clear. Until at length a rustling sound she heard That fond emotions in her bosom stirred, As he, her lover, from the thicket pressed, And, smiling, clasped her fondly to his breast. In converse sweet they both together stood, While Cynthia's beams illumed the echoing wood Then slowly sauntering through the shady grove, In gentle accents breathed their tale of love. The morrow dawned, the skies were bright and clear, And merry sounds broke on the listening ear; For then with joy thq bridegroom in his pride Received my second with his beauteous bride. A year passed by, when at my whole's glad birth, The heavens blazed and shook the astonished earth; So proud he grew of this mysterious sign, He deemed himself a creature half divine. As sings the bard in his immortal page, So often heard with rapture on the stage, That he with skill the lyric chords could sweep, " And call up spirits from the mighty deep I" E. JOHNSON. 23.-E ngaged I have been for some time in writing A first for the famous " R. T." S o carefully, too, have I been inditing, T hat such is the wish felt u, me (E 'en though it is anything Lr-A exciting) to Read it in a page of this P. T o end, I will now last my appellation, I nforming you riddling is not my vocation. D ear Ed., thus do I whole this unto you; E ndeavour to pass it, please, Editor, do. F. PHILLIPS, Mottingham. NARRATIVE MONOPHONE. (Words of different moeaning, but the same in sound, expressed in the narrative. P4.-Return, ye riddling knights, return, Who have forsaken long This page of lively song; Return, return. Give us once more to hear Those words which burn. Oh, strike again the lyre, Oh, wield again the pen, And with your wonted fire Write cons. for men, Return, ye riddling maids, return, Ye who have ceased to sing, Your puzzles again bring To " Tourney's" page; Return, return. Now, when the nights are long, Oh, leave us not to mourn; Oh, once again indite. Dark or fair, or plaits or curls, Gladden once more our sight, And with your former might Write cons. for girls. PATRICK S., Belfast. BETAGIRAM. (Change the second letter of a word to form another word.) 25.-Long years have flown since he did meet that lovely one That proved his saviour in springtime of life ; Within his heart she reigned as queen, usurped by none Although at times with angry passions rife. He first her from the lowliest of the low, Then set her up and worshipped at her shrine; Then, as of old, young Cupid soon, you know, With rosy fetters did their hearts entwine; And when at Hymen's altar vows were given, Their plighted troth they pledged with bated breath, Well knowing bonds that were so firmly riven Could ne'er be rent asunder but by death. 'Twas next unto a rustic dell he met this charmer As across the meadow green she tripped; And whilst he thought what man or thing on earth could harm her, She caught her pretty foot somehow and slipped. He rushed up to her, caught her 'fore she fell, And in that one brief moment who shall say Their hearts were not assailed within that dell From such event on that bright summer day e However that might be, from every after-token Their loves undoubtedly did there find birth, And from that moment, let the truth be plainly spoken, Their lives remained one round of joy and mirth. J. Ts aMzEY. METAGRAMS. (Change the first letter of a word to form another word.) 26.-My first, a very useful thing, in every house is seen ; My next is worn upon the head by all of you, I ween; A third, that's if he can, a piece of next will surely steal, And fifth it quickly up, and think it quite a simple meal. SABsNA. 27.-My first will show a certain fish, Which you, perhaps, may know Now change my head, without a doubt, Another fish I show. ANNIE SMITH GRESLEY. VERBAL CHARADE. (A word. each letter of which is treated separately.) 28.-I am in timber, but not in wood; I am in hat, but not in hood; I am in river, but not in lake; I am in bcil, but not in bake ; I am in groom, but not in bride; I am in ocean, but not in tide. I am in sleet, but not in snow; am in above, but not in below; I am in young, but not in old; I am in silver, also in gold; I am in borrow, but not in lend; And now my last is found in friend. Come, riddlers, come, join these letters right, And a lady's name will come to sight Whose riddles you have often seen, And her pretty verses too, I ween. NorAsH M. TWoaEY.