RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. BETAGRBAM.
1..-Bright electric lamps were gleaming Brilliantly as Eastern gems, And their silver light was streaming O'er the grand, romantic (1) Thames. We on the Embankment met him, In his Sunday suit arrayed. Ah, we never shall forget him, Trying not to look afraid I Strangely tall, though very youthful, And of the precocious type, Came young 'Arry, the untruthful, Puffing at a naughty pipe. Then, to show his lordly breeding, As a p'liceman first in sight, Said he, towards that party speeding, " X 9, second you a light P" By his impudence astounded, Sternly the official spoke, " I "-how cutting, too, it sounded !- "Don't encourage boys to smoke I" O'er the river rang our laughter; Then we left him, looking "small," And exclaiming, " Never after This will I smoke pipes at all I" Let ns hope this resolution Did not prove too good to last. But, O reader, smoking do shunu; Don't, like 'Arry, be too "fast !" RAYMOND. ENIGMA. 2.-O'er the plain, o'er the ocean and mountain I fly, And I'm borne on the wings of each hour flitting by, And he who wins laurels in youth's early bloom By decay, death, and me is soon brought to the tomb I Love, beautiful love, for a moment will live, And joy unalloyed will to kindred hearts give; But after the smile comes a drear, bitter sigh- As I pass, all the garlands will wither and die I Oh, dreary and lone is the life of the bard, And he wins fame at last, through paths ruggbd and hard; But I pass, and then stilled are his lute and his lays, His laurels have perished, and blighted his bays! The warrior who marches to glory or death, To win in grim warfare the victor's proud wreath, The sailor who toils on the boisterous sea, Are swiftly forgotten, as onward I flee. None e'er knew my birth, none will e'er know my end; I care not for foes, and I court not a friend. A thousand lives cease as I pass on my way, And my poweorand pomp are existing for aye. GOLDE QUILL. CHARADE. 3.-O'er the green fields brightly glancing, brightly glancing, Is my first the whole day long, Making all things bright and gay On this lovely summer's day, While the birds trill forth their snng. Through the meadows lightly dancing, lightly dancing, Comes a maiden, young and fair, While a whole of silk and lace, Held above her laughing face, Shields it from the first's hot glare. In a fairy spot entrancing, quite entrancing, 'Neath the second of a tree, Rests the maiden by a stream, Many happy hours to dream, Listening to its melody. MDARIOs TAYLOR, Rock Ferry. REVERSION. 4.-The shades of night were falling fast As through the kitchen door there passed A sweep, who bore upon his back Some soot enclosed within a sack- The swoop is here. His face first black, his neck below Was not exactly like the snow, And like a hundred Indians hoarse, Came the accents from that mouth so carse - The sweep is here. Within the grate he next the light Of recent fires, and as the sight Upon his orbs of vision shoue, From out our lips escaped a groau- The sweep had gone! HAR. Nxrr. ANAGRAMS ON RIVERS. 5.-I think the red went fastest, and The black I used to paint the land. I asked her to meet me at ten, And then she spoke, but not till then. If you both love each other, why, I think you may wed in July. And is that book for me, Annette ? Yes, dear, the best one I could get. Why, how on earth did you get in P It's a long tale-shall I begin P It is a nice mat she gave Ted; The colour of it's mostly red. She looks so pretty in her hood- Ay, as pretty as she's good. I ne'er heard such a wind before: It's nearly blown in our front door. RNos OINrss MIonai. ARITHMOREMI. Foundation ;Vord. 6.-'Twas at the field of primals dread, When the weak Second Edward reigned, A mighty force, to Scotland led, Had their escutcheon darkly stained By a defeat that overthrew Edward's weak rule o'er Scottish lords,, And caused Scbtch hearts to beat anew With zest to fight King Edward's hordes. Cross Words. 101 and wogneb Crying loudly, making noise; 50 ,, pape Oft 'tis ate by girls and boys; 50 ,, oesun This a mighty admiral nmimes; 52 ,, ghuutgea One of England's bravest dames; 1 ,, sosyf This meaueth to change to bone; 250 ,, nbuear Now, please find a precious stone; 101 ,, kgnuko Clashing, striking, causing noise; 100 ,, ab Oft it adds to childhood's joys; 52 ,, guounsu limy, muddy, fenuy, wet; 1 ,, barbt 'Tis oft in the country met; 1 ,, tgnh" La-t is the reverse of day. Now the answer find, I pray. AoRIPPA. METAGRAM ACROSTIC Foeundation Word. 7.-" The sun is so warm. Tom, I'm sure I shall whole. Phew! fearfully so, is it not?" " It is sir. I'm sure I am baking, sir, too. It's more, sir, than warm-it is hot !" Cross Words. " I am your legal first, sir, so you'll therefore do your work." " Mly first, sirl No, I never owned one yet." "Then, if you'll not obey mq, you can go away to.day; But you will rue the day when first we met." "We're home for seoond holidays I Oh, mamma, 'tis a treat I We'll visit all the places in the town." "Yes, my boy. But, dear meel how you've grown since you were here ! The sun, my son, has tanned you nearly brown." " I want a pair of lasts," I said, one day, unto a third, And he at once my measurement did take, And to an old shoemaker I presented them, and then 1 told him a nice pair of boots to make. While passing down the High.street of our town to buy some tea, I noticed hat the dealer's name was Wood, - And saw a placard stating that he was a last of teas, And recommended it to all as good. j ' '' ' `. .~WEELTYIEDEEPxEE
METAGRAM. 8.-"Most noble knights," the tyro said, " Be merciful to me, A 'little bird with bosom red,' Who would a riddler be." My first will oft relieve the minds Of friends who're far apart, And closer to fond Reuben binds The darling of his heart. Until a little second bright Has worked a mystic spe'l,. And firsts, so long her sole.delight, Have lost their charm for Nell. But third and deeper is the joy Which now reigns in each heart, And nothing now has power t' annoy Or e'er those two to part. ' LITTLE COCK ROBIN. ACROSTIC. Foundation Word. 9.-God save the Queen! Ye loyal hearts, sing loud our national song. May Heaven deign to bless her reign and make it bright and long I Cross Words. I'm owned by most, but seen or felt by none; And am more potent far than sword or gun. Created long 'fore Cain his brother slew, Although I'm uniformly fresh and new. Hot, cold, wet, dry, entirely at my will; I cure and strengthen, yet I often kidl. A sign of sorrow, pain, or deep distress; I'm often caused by perfect happiness. Weallhave this on things; 'tis true, though strange, That twenty such a single hour may change. I'm false or true, and can, whene'er I choose, Make bold and brave men tremble in their shoes. What every individual on earth has been, If beggar, tradesman, noble, king, or queen. Synonymous with comfort, life, and ease; When pretty, I delight, and charm, and please. G. Tuor. NARRATIVE TRANSPOSITION. 10.-'Twas when the still darkness of midnight was folding All in its gloom, and astir there was none; When even the watch-dog was ceasing its scolding The moon, and soon after its howling was done; When after the business, the toil, and the riot Of day, the night seemed so refreshingly quiet- Then-then it begun I Groan followed groan, thou a gasping and sobbing found broke the silence- grim, ghostly in tone; Then a wild note on the air echoed, throbbing, Followed by sighs, and-ah, then, a deep moan ! And often again as the night went a-speeding. Re.echoed the sounds of the sighing, succeeding Each horrible groan. On, on sped the night, and the groaning and sighing Thrilled on the air in the chamber of oak Where I lay asleep. Soon the shadows were flying Off 'fore the sun, and the morning had broke. Still out rang the sounds, each in volume increasing, Snort, sigh, and grunt, and then-suddenly ceasing ! For I had awoke! VENTO ANAGRAMS ON VEGETABLES. 11.-The horse or cart must soon be sold To pay my debts with yellow gold. That ship can hold two hundred tons, Besides her brightly-gleaming guns. My lot is hard; how can I bear This blow, or light against despair. No, no, I say, it shall not be; The poor black slaves shall be set free. I gave a top to brother Fred, And " Thank you, thir," he sweetly said. Hold tight that coil, Rob. When they shout From yon wrecked ship, you cast it out. Go, bring the coals, as I desire, If you would have me light the fire. He's very ill; ten doctors can Not save the sorely-wounded man. DAtOsN A'D PYTHIAS. CURTAILMENT. 12.-Oh, sweet Rosalie! oh, sweet Rosalie I With the first of a dove, and gay spirits as free As the wood-bird that warbles upon the green tree When spring comes to hallow the grove. I saw her, and no one my pleasure could tell, As, musing, she stood by the old wishing-well, And in love with the darling directly I iell- My beautiful, beautiful love I Now, poetic I grow, and pathetic and wild, And I wept and I sobbed like a heart-broken child, And, if you next my anguish, you'd deem it not mild- It showed the great weight on my mind. I wrote her love-letters, and sweet sonnets, too, And I praised up her eyes that were liquid and blue, And-I'm sorry the fact to be now tehing you- She returned them, and all were declined. J. P. HARrINaToN. CHARADE. 13.-My foolish and fickle youngfirst D. Once wandered away far over the sea; But second encountering gale and wind, His whole very soon began to find That sailing far over the watery main Did not guarantee his return again. Any BOERnsa, Shorneliffe. REVERSION. 14.-A riddler's name please find for first; Which name, if you reverse, You'll find what rival nations make Humanity's great curse. J. A. MAasnALca. DECAPITATION. 15.-My first in offices you'll see, And greatly "sat upon" 'twill be; But if you take from it its head, What's used at work appears instead. F. CuocaEa. LOGOGRIPH. 1G.-" Oh, here's a second in the first !" A little urchin cried. Curtail my first, transpose the rest, You'll see what was inside. In first a kind of snare you'll see; My next an animal will be. F. T. RIDLEY. METAGRAM. I7.-In first you all will surely see Part of the neuter verb "to be;" Now, if you change the head aright, A Yorkshire river comes to sight; Repeat the same process once more, 'Twill show a word which means before; A word for temper now you'll view. Dear riddlers all, a kind adien. F. J. Cox.