RIDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
Change th first wo letttrO of a word to form another wor.j A little bird nestlied one day in my breast, Lnmed it gladly and bade it take rest, Inesii to keep it for aye. ld, For life often had first for the end: So made it a cage, and the bars were of gold, 1nd I called it my dear little friend. Itreasured it carefally day after day, And strengthened my heart with its song; The music was shaming the dulness away, nd the hours were no more dark and long. h ruen sting its constancy, deeming its heart -e'er raved a release from its bond, Iopened the cage, bade my captive depart, Aod take freedom in stretches beyond. d it went and it came through the long summer hours, Growing daily and ever more dear; Oh its song would enliven the desolate bowers, do its love all my loneliness cheer. Bat the bitter day came, all too soon, though delayed, When for ever it second its flight bh, I weep o'er the knowledge of trust so betrayed, And the clouding of prospects so bright. ManaoN AmD AmY. 2,-Came a gallant knight and bold, Singing many a pleasant song; With a harp of primal gold, MIingled he amid the throng. And I, final, lingered listening To your music's rhythmic flow : 'Mid the bards in armour glistening, Long I lingered, to you listening, Ivanhee, Ivanhoe. Came an honoured knight and true, And his voice was clear and sweet, Winning laurels not a few, Till his victories were complete. Sing, oh, sing your accents stirring, Touched with fair Erato's glow: Many a young recruit you're spurring- Sing your music sweet and stirring, Ivanhoe, Ivanhoe. ManIow TAYLOR, Birkenhead. NARRATIVE DUAGRAYSMS. i(anbe the frst two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) 1-Fair Queen of the "Tourney," our pride and our treasure, We take up the gauntlet thy courtier let fall, As to fight in the " Tourney " is really a pleasure, Where ring the loud cheers and the echoing call Of the maidens and knights. Oh, long may they ever Around the old standard all gather together I Fair Queen of the " Tourney," 'tis now our endeavour To write these few words sincerely to thee; Write on, for thy riddles exalt thee for ever, Yet, somehow or other, they quite puzzle me. Oh, wield on thy pen in the songs we adore; The power of thy poems recalls scenes of yore. Fair Queen of the "Tourney," shall we e'er forget The old ones as new ones appear on the scene P Though our passions and foibles might bring us regret, Our memories will turn to the ones that have been Onr friends in the " Tourney " in days long ago. When we cheered the brave knight who vanquished his sue. JEzsr LEE AND Amr DENNM, Dublin. 4.-The dawn came blushing like a bride, With the morning mists for her wedding-veil, 'Mid which like di'monds the stars glittered pale, And showed the way down the steep hillside. She passed where, standing in all her pride 'Mid the waving corn so tall and frail, The poppy flaunted her crimson sail- Like a spot of blood on the amber tide. The night.queen came up over the hill, And sailed along 'mid the sea of blue, Whilst she looked for the flower of crimson hue With the unbent head and the stubborn will; But the reaper that morn came down the hillside, And lowered the poppy in all her pride. J. C. CoLLIER. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAMS. (ange the frst and last letters of a word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) -Atmid the wild tumult and turmoil of life, Too truly the passion of envy is living; Too plainly where deep disappointments are rife, Resentment and hatred arise unforgiving. Too truly the aspirants fortunate find, Ere the sun of their fame declines and reposes. Though praise may be loud, there is envy behind- Great thorns that would mar the bright laurels of roses. How oft do we hear of some true-hearted friends Consoling a lame brother's sorrows and ailings ? Whilst others would cherish what enmity lends To gloat o'er his grievings, his troubles, and failings. Too often are uttered cold, heart.piercing sneers, Scarce hid by the mask of some opportune jesting, That stirs the drear tomb of past errors and fears- The past unforgotten recalling, molesting. orw well would it be if we all could combine To live e'er for more than the claims of self merely- TIgladden enliven the hearts that would pine, Ad each share with each woe and pleasure sincerely I What a bright, happy home would our fair land be o each one endeavoured, for others' griefs caring, To now not another's faults-over Life's sea To sail with a nature forgiving, forbearing ! V. D. TAYLoR, Warrington. C-Once more I come forward to greet you again, dBut for goodness' sake don't say I've told you; nd now that I'm with you I mean to remain, Nout for goodness' sake don't say I've told you. Yt, a song I must sing, but what I can't say, Yet where there's a will there is always a way; Soif you'll befriend me I possibly may, But for goodness' sake don't say I've told you. List summer I went with a friend on the spree, Aul for goodness' sake don't say I've told you ; Buwith the strong grog we made rather too free, iot for goodness' sake don't say I've told you. linde tarted for home at twelve the same night, Blind ading blind in a horrible plight; nd when I got home my dad damaged my siht, But for goodness' sake don't say I've told you. To sing of our riddlers is now quite the rage- lit for goodness' sake don't say I've told yon- ,th each lady rhymer in this riddle page, Int for goodness' sake don't say I've told you. Seuery number of dear Y. F. P. "0 1helauuding the prominent ones in the "T." iaOugtt! not one of them thinks about me. t fOr goodness' sake don't say I've told you. SYNTAX, Warrington. S CURTAILMENT. (lroptheunalletterof a word. leavine another word.) "-jI Noway's gloomy forests bold and firm I stand urtnl me,and r'mwelcomedbythehousewife's hand. SAos.
TRIPTICH. (Use two words, and form a third word of the last syllable of the lnrs and the nrat syllable of the second.) Triptich. 8.-They have gone, and now the tear Shows the grief at every heart; It is easy thus to part, But the mournful thought and fear Come as loved ones disappear; Signs of grief unbidden start, Clouding all pretence and art. But this thought their hearts can cheer: They may primal in the fray, And their sorrow then shall turn Into joy, and peace alway Make their hearts with gladness burn. First Word. Loosened from the thralling chain, Straight into the air he flies, As to pierce the very skies; But as though with fierce disdain, Plumes his quivering wing amain, And with swiftly-flashing eyes Stretches forward for the prize That has fled in fear and pain. Now the swift pursuit begins; Straining forward still they go, Till the stern pursuer wins, Striking with relentless blow. Second Word. Still complaining, ne'er at rest, With all peace and comfort gone; Not on thee the sun has shone, Or 'twould make thee feel all blest. Thou hast ne'er seen nature dressed, All her gay apparel on, Or thy being would be drawn To the peace that is possessed By the ones who ever live Happy on the happy earth: This is man's prerogative, And from it things have their birth. IVAxOEz, Belfast. NARRATIVE OMEGRAM. (The last letter of a word is changed to form another word in the narrative.) 9.-There dwells within this all-important city A youth whose name is-well, say Conrad Snooks, Who thinks himself extremely wise and witty, And all that's perfect both in ways and looks. His perfumed hair is best described as tawny, His height scarce sixty inches will be found; And yet he speaks of his right arm so brawny. And boasts of feats of strength to all around. He apes the manners of a man of fashion, And swaggers grandly as he passes by; While for the stars he seems to have a passion- His nose so often points towards the sky. His dainty boots are made of patent leather, His gloves are of the fashionable hue; And altogether careless of the weather, lie keeps his gaiters well exposed to view. In all his walks at night, or noon, or morning, A hazel crook swings gently in his hand; And on his head, to perfect the adorning, A " tile" takes up its elevated stand. How Conrad Snooks contrives to get a living No person but himself has ever known; For though he boasts of money freely giving, He's never seen with money of his own. To work would be a dreadful degradation- No Snooks has ever worked, and why should lie ? So to maintain his splendid reputation He says a gentleman he'll ever be. PHILO, Glasgow. METAGRAMS. (Ohange the first letter of a word to form another word.) 10.-I lead an easy, quiet life- I spend each idle day at home; I hate the worldly noise and strife, And so I always stay at home. And if upon me hang the hours When from my riddles I'm away, Among the pleasant garden flowers I love to pass my time away. And there if for the lack of rain They droop and seem to need a bit, From out the can I ease their pain, And after that I weed a bit. And of all weeds that follow man- No love for it he nourishes- The chickweed is the greatest ban, For everywhere it flourishes. And though I dig and last about, The sprouts they're always throwing up; I have no sooner pulled one out Than fifty more are growing up. And oft in grief do I deplore The holes the beetles make in seeds; They swallow green leaves by the score, But, somehow, never take in weeds. And o'er the ground the shiny snails, And o'er my plants and all about, Will leave those nasty slimy trails They first whene'er they crawl) about. So o'er the beds the lime I grind, To clear the soil and harden plants; For it is always best, you'll find. To kill the grubs on garden plants. And thus a gentle life I lead, In which the only summing.up Is that in spring I sow the seed, And watch the product coming up. H. A. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. 11.-I have a mate, a college chum- No, commonplaces spurning, I'll say I have a friend who's crammed From top to toe with learning. He'll do a sum in decimals Correctly in a minute; While as to Euclid, I declare That Sphinxite isn't in it. In algebra he takes the first, Cube root and isrostatics; But that to which he takes the most Is higher mathematics. This problem he propounded, too, And boldly he'd advance it: For a cannon.ball to reach the slun, How long 'twould neTt in transit P Just thirty years, a week, one day, Two minutes, half a second; And none there were who'd fired so far, To say he'd wrongly reckoned. For five who fill the box in church, Asks this enumerator., How many, say, who nightly fill Their box st the theatre P His brain was softened, so tiey said, And medicines were given; One day he shot himself, to see How long he'd take to stiffen. ROBERT LE I)IAILE. CONUNDRUM. 12.--Now try to guess this con. of my own: When is an'egg like a foundation.stone P W. Csiutsls, Belfast,
DBCAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word.( 1S.-'Twas a knight of Andalusia who rode out to the fight, With his shield of silver whiteness and his armour glint- ing bright; Lost in sweet day.dreams of glory, rode he through the first, until With his squire he reached the city-the gay city of Seville. Now in Seville are fair maidens, fair as any Spain can boast, And the knight whose deeds of daring oft had scared the Moslem host Found his warlike skill no match for woman's smiles and woman's wit, And how useless when the warrior is in love and deeply " hit." Next the maids of sunny Seville how they plagued the worthy knight, Scolding, teasing, and asserting that he did no task aright; Yet Alonso (our frail hero) seemed to find Seville so fair That, despite its maids mischievous, with his squire he lingered there. But the king sent to Alonzo and commanded him to bring All his household troops to battle; and Alonzo sent the king "That for king, or Court, or glory, cared his household not a "-- Well, Something that to you, O ladies, polite poets may not tell. Then the king sent for Alonzo, and Alonso found to jest With a king, perhaps of policies, is not the very best: And some months of sweet seclusion in a dungeon dark and cold Served to further point the lesson, and to tame his spirit hold. PFxluo. 11.-Old " Skysail" Gibbs was our gunner bold, And many and last were the yarns he told. He'd seen the ereat " sea serpent," And the Flying Dutchman, too; He'd seen the cannibals gobbling man In the islands of Rumtifoo; And monster fish that flew so high That "you couldn't shoot 'em down;" And mermaids fair that husbands had In every seaport town. He " wasn't partickler" to telling small fibs, For "Yankee notions" had Skysail Gibbs. In harbour we lay, one summer night, And Gibbs the gunner had come off tight; He talked about a sweetheart- A mermaid fair to see- And told us of the " sprees " he'd had In her home beneath the sea, When a voice that wasn't first, silvery tones Used threats against his life, And asked him " how he dared sich things" (It was "Skysail" Gibbs' stout wife). And sore was " Skysail" in head and ribs, For " Yankee notions " had Mrs. Gibbs. R. DYE. 15.-First was once an ingenious youth Desirous of testing the truth Of a circular dealing on tea; He walked to the sale-room to see If samples were handed out free. Said he, with stentorian voice, " Give me samples of Indian choice Which you have in those boxes up there." " Yes, we will," said the firm; " take a chair." A sample was placed in his hand, Which he took in a manner quite bland; Next evening he called in to see If we'd any more samples of tea. "Yes, we have," said the salesman, inspired With haste to give what he desired- " We have, you unfortunate youth; Some boxes to spare you, in truth;" And a box to his ear he then passed. " Ten pounds in a box we sell last. The samples deserved, not required, We trust are the kind you desired." H. Cox, Birkenhead. 16.-I never kissed a girl but once- I'll never kiss a girl again. The maid I loved was first and fat. Her classic name was Mary Jane. She was my idol, but my love She spurned with a cold disdain; But I had read that womankind At love's approach indifference feign. And so her coldness I construed To mean that I her love did gain; Grown bold one day, I took a kiss, With bashful heart and throbbing brain. But terror seized me, for her face With anger blazed in every vein; And scarce my lips had touched her when She showered blows on me like rain (Each one, I swear, would well have been A credit to a five-ton crane), And then with calm, proud second sped And left me groaning in my pain. I never kissed a girl but once- I'll never kiss a girl again. Lao BEARSDEN WOLFSTRUTHER. 17.-Ob, sweet 'tis to float on the incoming tide In a wee bark that, with rhythmical motion, Over the waves doth so gracefully glide, Out from the bay t'wards the vast, heaving ocean. Grand socond Pbclbus, fast sinking to rest, Sheds a first gleam on the ne'er-tiring billows Ere he retires to his couch in the west, Seeking repose 'mid the fleecy cloud.pillows. Sweet'tis to watch the white cirrus above, As over the fathomless sky-sea of azure With slow, stately motion they silently move. But maybe I owe some amount of may pleasure To this trilling fact-that, as over the sea Our boat is so gently and gracefully going, I lihe at my ease in the stern-sheets, while he, My friend and compagnon de voyage, is rowing ! A. AMBneLEY, Manchester. 18.-When my first of oil was finished, I'd no coin to get another, For with tdird my cash dimiuished; Therefore second on my mother Practised I successfully: P'urse and first nov filled, you see. I'fADEIRA. 19.-A useful kind of plant, If you will please behead, A venomous kind of animal Appears to view instead. BAss, Chester. 20.-First is a small barrel- Your eagerness quell: And now 'tis the answer I set you to tell. Ten, Manchester. 21.-M-y first was used in London town, When gas was hardly known; Cut off my head, and then you'll see A liquid used by you and me. 4sP K~aIISt
TRANSPOSITION. (Transpose the letters in a word to form another word.) 22.-Beside a lake once lived an alligator, A reptile just as cunning as could be; And near him dwelt a troupe of happy monkeys, A nimble, chatt'ring, grinning family. King Agile was the ruler of the monkeys; But, though he held this most important post, His conduct was so arrogant and foolish That never of his kingship would he boast, But only of his quite unrivalled friendship With animals whose name men feared the most, " Such as," he'd proudly say to a spectator, "My staunch acquaintance, Mr. Alligator." The cunning monster almost choked with laughter Whene'er he heard this silly " running on," But waited for a chance to eat the monarch Without his subjects knowing where he'd gone. At last, one morning, feeling very hungry, And growing tired of Agile's stuck-up ways, He smacked his lips in very hostile fashion, And then prepared to end the monkey's days; But Agile, quickly grasping his intention, Sprang up a tree with speed beyond all praise, And there, in first distress, implored the traitor, " Oh, spare me; spare me, darling alligator !" The alligator next upon his haunches, And ope'd his horrid mouth without a word; At sight of those sharp teeth and fiendish glances The monkey's terror almost grew absurd. He screamed, he struggled, tried to keep his balance, Then fell within the monster's seething jaws. And soon the shining teeth closed fast upon him. When all was over came these words, " The laws Of Nature made me eat my boasting friend, Although I had a still more urgent cause; For pride--he I hee! old joke, though-soon or later Must have a fall," remarked the alhgator. F. G. Wann. Southwark. ACROSTICS. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters of other words. Foundation Words. 23.-F riendly whole I send. G ladly would I see W eekly cons.-not weakly I- E arning fame for thee. B e for aye our ornament, B attle in our " Tournament." Cross Words. You will sorrow would you borrow, For 'tis always " Call to.morrow." Behead, and then behold a word- That word is second; same for third. Man's poor, faithful, steadfast lover, Here I ask you to discover. Man's rich, sparkling, pilfering friend, Who steals his wits and helps him spend. Sixth hope that sixth have made that plain, For sixth ne'er like to write in vain. Sails over seas and makes the West The orient East's delighted guest. No more about the nest I'll state Than just the seventh decapitate. 'Tis done i By Jove, you do solve fast; Why, there, I see the ninth in last! AGONISTES. Foundation Word. 24.-My primal is a riddler clever, Though in a " Dream " you'll find him ever. Cross Words. My first is a fruit that is luscious and sweet, And considered by all very nice to eat. My next is a name which the ladies, I fear, When applied to themselves would not like to hear. My third is an article worn on the head By many at night when they're going to bed. My last, when stolen, they say is very sweet. And now, my dear friends, this riddle is complete. T. WARD, Dublin. CHARADES. (Formed on a word each syllable of which 1i a word.) 25.-First is a word diminutive, And there is not a doubt, That call upon me when yon will You'll never find me out. Should secrets e'er to you be told, The teller would be vexed, If, after vowing secrecy, You ever did my next. Now, if you give a moment's thought, Third will to you recall A well-known character, which is Beloved, I think, by all. Last an abbreviation is Of what each man should be. My tehole (an adjective) applies No doubt to you and me. J. A. MARSHALL, Southwark. 26.-I could not be high, so now you must see I'm doomed to be always below; And here I'm afraid that a weight I must be, Lift it you could not, I know. In Wiltshire my whole is a nice little place, And there you will see it in pure rustic grace. R. L. Js FFERSOs, London. 27.-A boy's name is my first, A chattering bird is my second; My whole is another bird, If I have rightly reckoned. H. CAnnae. ENIGMA. 28.-Seen on nail, But not on male; Protects it well, Made like a bell. G. W. HAbna&N.