RIPPLE TOURNAMENT. TRIPTICHES.
wol reneds and form a third word of the last syllable of the e ieo rs ed the first syllable oi the second.) Triptich. She was seated 'neath a tree, When the sun was slowly dying; Through the branches mournfully Evening breezes cool were sighing; An-I a gentle, soft refrain She was then so sweetly singing, That I wished it could remain In lay ears for ever ringing. Tet 'twas but a dream, alas I How these visions quickly pass ! First Word. Down the rocky path we went, To the distant village speeding, And a shout exultant sent As we saw him reeling, bleeding ; uis endeavours to pursue Each and all were unavailing; Then his form was lost to view, And the rocks and hillocks scaling, Soon we reached our resting-place, Breathless from the toilsome race. Second Word. Swift across the burning plain, Everythng before it sweeping, Desolation in its train, Dreadful harvest it is reaping: All must bow before its might, 'Nealth its force stronaicmen are cowering; Awful is the sudden blight, So resistless and o'er-powering. Fear is an the countenance That beholds it fast advance. IvArHOE, Belfast. Triptich. -See now his burly form, his giant hand, His redl and healthy face so clear; Bebold this tiller of the fertilo land, A man respected far and near. First Word. See how in yonder field the waving corn Bows to the wind its golden head; List to the cries from where first is borne The fragrance of the hay's soft bed. Second Word. Hero comes the waggon ! Ray streams from its sides, Each hedge makes claim for portion fair; Upon the top a second party rides, With shouts of glee, " Whoa I gee up, mare I" S. MILLS, Birmingham. DUAGICAMS. angethe first two letters of a word to form another word.) -die mine, clh, Edie mine, life's a round of ceaseless die mine, oh, Edio mine, life is full of woe, th a restless, anxious yearning do I watch each dawning morrow, d each dawning of the morning dark and darker seems to grow I ie mne, oh, Edie mine, once you promised to befriend ms. die mine, oh, Edie mine, many months have passed since then, dl want to ask you, sister, why this misery you send me? or we haven't heard your voice, dear, since-I cannot tell you when I iemine, oh, Edie mine, let us hand in hand together; die mine, oil, Edio mine, join again this joyful throng ; m and faithful, all undaunted, be it fair or stormy -weather, go once first our friendly bondage with a loud, re- -'eoAking song ! rion. dear Marion, I know life brings us mourning, arion, h, Marion, but how oft it brings delight I d I've always noticed, darling, that the glorious day- break's dawning ems the fairer for its following so closely after night. rion, dear Mrarion, oh, ever deem me true, dear, arion,, aMarion, though 1've silent been so long; Il my heart is yours in friendship, and I often think of you, dear, autan evil spell came o'er me, and I lost the power of song. rio, dear Marion, yes, together shall our voices, arion, oh, Mairion, blend in a tuneful strain; I'll strike again my next, dear, for my happy heart rejoices hat with you may enter in the " Tourney" lists, again. MARION AND EDIE. 4.--So many days have gone since last I figured in the " Tournament ;" And though I love the tilt, yet I To give up riddling fully meant. But I have heard a riddler sing, And gladly listened to the strain; And as:I listened whispered this : " I think I will come back again." How my heart sickened at the thought That it had lostitlie power of song ! And yet I felt that it was so, For Musa stayed away so long. Oft I inmplored her kindly aid ; All my appealing seemed in vain, So I resolved without her help I really would come back again. I see so many beauteous scenes, lint yet they pr'imal will inspire As once they would; not one wee spa'k I feel of grand poetic fire. I idly on the second gaze, The distant hills, the misty plain- I cannot picture them in verse, But still I will come back again. Sometimes thb "spectre of the past" Rises and haunts me where I go; Sometimes in twilight's dreamy hours Mlemories their wealth on me bestow. Soanetiines how I deserted "1'." I think 'with self.reproach and pain; But ow in answer to your call, See, Annie dear, I'm back n gain ! EDITH K. IENDLE. Thin n . 'ENIGMAS. Suinc ence, by toilers sipped, in city slumber t shed by Kiig Death, by him thy life-blood bit e nbeveus trly sips thy life-renewing wine; | -e busy toiler-who upon thy fruit does dine. "V. D. TAYLOR, Warrington. B.-Is ligh:t and black;- - Goee in a sack; ' - "Smells rathd strong -r WTheh kept too loxig. . G. W. .HAYtSaA.,
PALINDROME-ACROSTIC. (Primals, finals, and lights read backwards and forwards the same.) Foundation Word. 7.-Better than author's book, or poet's thought, More eloquent than preacher's fluent word, If in its aim it is with justice fraught, And by just means to that same end is brought: In future years more honest praise is heard Of it than any writ ten word, or aught That sculptor or that paint er left behind, His lifetime's legacy to all mankind. Cross lWords. When prattling childhood learns the tongue's first use, It calls its parent in some childish word; When older grown, that member being more loose, This is the form that is more often heard. This is a word whose meaning is, before; By authors used, and yet by poets more. When mankind struggles, by itself oppressed, By its own weakness held in bondage still, This woman's name, in truth must be confessed, Will not our troubled minds with rapture fill. When man asserts some action of the past, This is the term he uses to the last. Pau.nAmn, Wandsworth. DELETIONS. (Drop a letter from the word chosen, leavigR another word.) 8.-Where Avon's dark flood swells the blue, smiling Clyde, And graceful labrnunms do fringe the wild waters, Mackenzie Macalpine, the laird of Glenside, Met Flora, the fairest of Bothwell's fair daughters. The love that he bore her was tender and true, And strong as the cutrrent that by them was sweeping; And hone often cheered him, though little he know That for him her heart she was carefully keeping. As onward they wandered for mile after mile, With love.lighted eyes and hearts heavily laden; A silence reigned o'er them, but broken the while By vows from the gallant and sighs from the maiden. At length he burst forth with a fervour intense, "Oh I Flora, dear heart, first me not of existence, For life without thee would be death in suspense; And how could I live, dear, without thine assistance ? " The joys that I second I second from thee; In thee are my hopes and ambitions united, So third me not crazy, but say that on me Your eyes have with some little favour alighted. " To live without thee would be madness indeed, And rather I'd fourth 'neath the cruel flood yonder, To last like Leander, than know thee give heed To vows of another, or of him be fonder." With eyes that betokened the rapture she felt, Shy Flora looked up and domurely consented. They married at once, and hare over since dwelt At bonnie Glenside, with each other contented. PHILO, Stonehavcn. 9.-I wandered forth to view the midnight sky. 'Twas black-I had not thought to find it light; I have not yet Jirst such a foolish wight. Yet, when the moon peeped forth, I gave a cry To see a spherical object riding high; I raised my hat that I might see aright (Somehow, I thought the weight oppressed my sight), Then right o'erhead the object dark did fly. Moons wane, pens rust, and cheese moulds very soon, (Oft in a poet's (?) brain odd thoughts arise), We sometimes doubt the evidence of our eyes: Can there be people up in that balloon ? There are, but, ah I 'tis hard to understand Why o'er my Sunday last they throw their sand. PATRICK S., Belfast. 10.-My primal you at any time may see, If living in an English seaside town; One letter take away, and 'twill reveal A musical composer of renown. C. F. BARKER, Wood Green. NARRATIVE DOUBLE METAGRAIM. (Olange the two first lettes oeta word to forts another word In ithe narratleo.) 11.-A wand'ring riddler I- A thing that sleeps in snatches, And turns out cons. in batches, Then'to the post doth hie. And after waiting long, Through every column ranging, I read-my colour changing- " Declined; the metre's wrong." Jo-KIne, Lambeth. OIIEGRAM. (Tile last letter of a word is chan:ed to form another word.) 12.-Yes, yes, you may flirt, I tell you, If you think you can bear the blame, For I know, if I tried to quell you, You would flirt on just the same; So go with your giddy titter, For the dance first be o'er in an hour, Though this world indeed is bitter, If a look can make it sour. But, oh I my love, I assure you Your arts and your lasts are tame; I will find some means to cure you, Or leave you alone in the game; So away with your giddy titter, And play with the lives at your foot; For if you can make mine bitter, Then another shall make it sweet! fl. A. TAYLOR. Birkenhead. ACROSTIC. (A word.or words, formed of the initial letters or other words.) Foundation Word. 13.-A country now in deathlike stillness lying, Her armies scattered and her. standards torn, The voices of her sons in bondage crying, Her people conquered, and her halls forlorn. Cross VWords. A prince of old, and godlike, yet they tell Through his misdeeds a queenly city fell. One who was worabipped as a deity Where Nile's darLt waters journey to the sea. Renownid waters,-all who of them drink A prey to deep forgetfulness then sink. The most important of the Leeward Isles, With surface of one hundred thousand miles. A leader of the French; his mighty name Shall live for ever on the rolls of fame. To make them frown the boldest did not dare, Those ancient rulers of a city fair. T. N. ao E. L. INSERTIONS. (Supply wgrd td well-kinown lrhyme'; first change, nlix tWo letters; next., prefix two Ittore.l 14.-" I sits with my feet in a brook, And if any one axes me why, I fetch them a hit with my crook, 'Tis - kills me," says I. " I sits with my feet in a brook- Or I-might if the brook wasn't dry, And the weather so cold ! but adzook I This is too·-,'" ories I. - " I draws back my feet from that brook, And I shivers as I hurries by; I goes ' homo' like dear' . O, G.'s 'rook," For so - am I I" " MADEURA.
MONOPHONES. (Words of differont meaning, but the same in sound.) 15.-The sunshine has vanished, the day is declining, And evening begins to o'ershadow the plain, Where two wearied armies are fiercely contending, And strewing the groun I with the wounded and slain. Behold where you leader stands anxious and thoughtful, And bends his dark brows as he watches the fray; And hark ! he addresses the officers near him, Who listen, prepared his commands to obey. " We have yet in reserve a small body of horsemen; Their chargers are fresh, unimpaired are their powers; I will lead them myself on the enemy's centre- If that were once broken, the day would be ours." The troops are made ready, the trumpets are sounded; Across the wide plain like a whirlwind they gor The sword of the leader is waving before them; His voice cheers them on as they dash on the foe. Their comrades behold them a d fight with fresh vigour; Their enemies view them with doubt and dismay; They heed not the hailstorm of first that flies round them, But plunge in the midst of the hostile array. The battle grows fiercer, the tumult increases; Thick clouds of pale vapour the conflict obscure; But cheers may be heard o'er the din and confusion, Like the shouting of men when their triumph is sure. The masses are breaking, the smoke-wreaths are shifting, Through the dull fog of battle the horsemen appear, Diminished in-numbers, but fierce and exultant, While foes are dispersing before them in fear. The centre is broken, the host is disheartened, Disorder prevails, and a flight has begun ; The victors press forward with outcries of vengeance, The contest is over, the battle is won. But where is the leader who next the late onset, Whose prompt, gallant action decided the strife ? Hle has fought his last fight, for the death-shot has found him: He has conquered the foe at the cost of leis life. R. GLAsaow, Hull. 16.-'Twas at the midnight hour When, by the wondrous power Of music (F), I was roused from a sweet dream- It swept unto mine ear, From serenaders near, Whose voices came through every crack and seam. It was in a hotel I heard this ebb and swell Of notes 1-flom outside of my window-cats! Theirs was a lively strain, From which a mock refrain Beneath the flooring was caught up by--rats ! And from a neighb'ring room, Like the unceasing boom Of field artillery, rang a nasal din; It was the landlord proud Who snored thus, long and loud, And who for lodgers' sleep cared not a pin. Ever and anon rose 'Bove thunder from the nose, The hunger-wail of a cur in his cell F'irst storeys down below ; And gutt'ral and slow, An humble-bee's voice on my hearing fell. Soon I got on my clothes, And last end all my woes Crept from the house some way, I know not how. And though I owe a bill Unto my landlord still, 'Gainst going back I've registered a vow I GERALDINE. M~ETAGRAMI. (Change the first letter of a word to fortm another word.) 17.-The Ladye Glendower sits in her bower; Her maidens uncoif her hair; " Why tarries my knight at the 'Tourney' fight? Why cometh he first to his fair ? His cons. are well written and strong," she says, " Oh I nothing can ever go wrong," she says, " Though hopefulness pales to despair I" " The Ladye Glendower sits in her bower ; Her riddling knight is there; " Ohl next was the fray in the ' Tourney' to-day, I'faith I but the tilting was rare I Gow, Franklin, and Royston fight well," he says, " The Ladies lIendle and Taylor excel," he says, " Riddlers both gallant and fair !" The Ladye Glendower sits in her bower; Her maids through the window stare; " Here comes the brave knight in a woful plight." He arrives-and begins to swear I " A metagram battersd me sore," he says, " A logogriph made me roar," lie says; But he smiles-" F'irst a last do I care !" A. J. Dicasor, Bootle. DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of ta word. leavin sanother word.) 18.-In writing a riddle I always intend To make it so bright and so clever, That any one trying to solve it would say, " I never could do it, no, never !" And though my ambition is noble and great, And certainly should be admired, This first of a riddle I honestly state The muses have never inspired. I vainly endeavour the reasdn to find, And everything blame that I shouldn't, When sweetly my second in language so kind Assures me she knew that I couldn't. So why should I bother my brain any more, Or trouble myself with ambition ?- I'd never be able on fancy to soar To any such noble position. I'd only succeed in appearing a third And causing a smile of derision, To all who would glance at my efforts absurd, She naid with the utmost precision. And though 'twas unpleasant and humbling to me To listen to this, I assure you, If ever you're trodbled with such a complaint The same sort of treatment will cure you. Puce, B3allymena. 19.-I am very fond of cake, Said little Tommy Smail; But I don't like it very much When it is rather- what ? When the waves run mountains high, And the fierce wind blows a gale, The sailors gather round And listen to a- what ? I'm sure. when a " bobby's " beat is o'er, He must look very pale; I'm just as sure he'll ne'er refuse To drink a gla1s of- what ? CA IRA, Edmonton. 20.-There is a word of letters four Spells somcthinu we adore; One letter less than heretofore Gives word of fairy lore. MARIE ZIMixE.iraNs. 21.-My first means low in lrice; Ii you this cob. behead, You wi:l find a word that means To gather up instead. H. C-aTER. 22.-A part of a ship, deBar riddlers, behead, &nd the name of u fish 'ou'll have instead. " F. Wsason.
NARRATIVE DUAGRAM. (Ohange the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- Dressed In the narrative.) 23.-A Jubilee, a Jubilee Rings now throughout our nation; A time for meet, which we all greet With wildest exultation. May Peace through all or native land Ring forth ti inuphautly, As we in voices loud and clear Hail with delight this gladsome year Of our Queen's Jubilee I A Jubilee, a Jubilee ! Begone all hostile feeling; Let Ivce abidlo on every side, Sweet concord thus revealing. We who are sharers of our dear Beloved liberty, With one accord our notes we raise In songs of loyalty and praise, For this our Jubilee. A Jubilee, a Jubilee I No better time for meeting Our lost ones dear from far and near, To blend their joyful greeting, While bells from qut the steeples high Ring joyously and free; Re-echoing over hill and plain, They-seem to answer back again, A prosperous Jubilee. A Jubilee, a Jubilee I We'll sing it in these pages; A Qceen we own, and one alone, To sing her proisa, the rage is. Yet still to Euglaud's Queen we're true, Her loyal subjects we, Come, then, ye bards, both small anld great, Tell me, how shall we celebrate Our Sovereign's Jubilee ? J. G. NICHOLLs, Miltoitn. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENTS. (Drop the final letter of a word, l,:aving another wort, expr'ssued in the narrativc.) 21.-- iddlers, Ivanhoe-dious habit Punning to for ever be ; Therefore do not be astonished If your name herein you see. As a Syn-taro it with pleasure If you tike, I trouble not; My excuse, if such is needed, Is that '" it's a way I've got." Gladly I Rntdle assistance To the Ed. of Y. F. P.; Edith-serves it, don't you think so ? For his page will e'er '1trit-bey. As a paper, our dear weekly ' Weakly " never will become, For a Taylor song within it Always is a merry-ua (Marion). And the " Tourney," let me Askewo, Could a better page be found ? It does Zimmermatnn-ly object In it to desire renown; And for such to IVaite you're willing, For the honour great will be, When you wake and find some morning That you Head the " Tourney " tree. Then you'll Boehmer-pon poor mortals Who have not so lucky been. Well, to winl you Mentor not so, And you've won, as we have seen, Judge these puns u-pun their merits. Good you think that they are-not I Very well, but pray remember That it's but " a way I've got !" T. RoYsTON, Newhaven. 25.-T he dearest hopes, like autumn's flowers, die, I nvolviug us in most regretful pain ; N e'er can they be fulfilled; we sadly sigh Y et in the springtime flowers bloom again. LILIAN M. K. DOUGLAS, Camberwell, NARRATIVE DECAPITATION. (Drop tle first letter of a syord, leaving another word, expressed In the narrative.l 2G.--Piiceless the pleasures of wealth are to many; Brightest the gleam of a rare ruby stono; Richest and dearest the gems of the earth. To me there's a treasure dearer than any, Brighter and richer with rarity's loan- " Priceless the wealth of invisible worth." 'Tis boasted by many, but carried by few: 'Tis the heart that is honest, faithful, and true. I, CLEARCHOS AND V. D. TAYLOR. CONUNDRUMS. 27.-Now a riddle is a riddle, that no one can deny; But a riddle without an answer is not much use, say I. Then what's the difference between the title Y. F. P. And a lady's pretty bonnet, which oftentimes you see P NosLUocA. 28.-I will ask you a conundrum (with the Editor's permission), And if you fail to answer it, don't think, I pray, you're " sold'' For some, I'm sure, can tell you (with their usual erudition) This something that you caunot touch, although you may it hold. F. PARKER, Herne Eill. 29.-Now, riddlers, guess this if you're able, And mind you do your best, And tell se, When is the tea-table Like egg just from the nest? S. J. SEEDS, Limavrldy. 30.-Come, riddlers, answer my con. if you can : Why is a lawyer like a lighterman? W. A. LAeGTON.