[IDDLE TOURNAMENT. DUAGRAMS.
sre the first two letters of a word to form another word.) 1,-I have heard that you're a lady, Ivanhoe-is it so ? For your non de plume is shady, Ivanhoe; But your sweetly.ringing voice Often first my heart rejoice. You are parallel with Aidee, And your notes are rich and low, Be you gentleman or lady, Ivanhoo. Once there sang a wilful maiden, Ivanhoe, long ago; All her cons. with ert were laden Ivanhoe. In a merry moment she Spoke of bonds 'twixt you and me- 'Twas a daring part she played in; And my cheeks with blushes glow When I think me of that maiden, Ivanhoe. Sang a bird in merry madness, Ivanhoe, whispering low, That which drove away my sadness, Ivanhoe- Said that you (the roguish elf !) Was a maiden like myself; And I hailed the news wit,, gladness, For my friendship I could show, Heedless of Miss Nellie's madness, ]vanhoe. Can it be we've two pretenders, Ivanhoe? Time will show. Two, who quite disclaim their genders, Ivanhoe ? For that birdie, with delight, Tells me Nellie is a knight ! So, ye "Tournament" defenders, Cast your cloaks away, for. 1o i We have proven two pretenders, Madcap Nell and Ivanhoe 1 MARION TAYLOR, London. Right first was I, Mephisto, to perceive in an edition y, F. P. our maskers bold were rescued from per- dition, t all oar host were free once more in your stern (glance to revel. I was joined in friendship with no other than the devil. wishes for success, my liege, I echo from my heart, g may your sable majesty in versedom take a part, d on our ranks, be foremost, e'er, though stern the fight for fame, r ever falter till you carve by Tennyson your name. ow these lines are feeble, but I cannot raise a pun- Juan has left me spiritless, my race is well.nigh run; once bright eye is faded, my hair has lost its curl, eforsworn ink and paper since he said I was a girl ; esatand pondered long o' nights and racked my weary brain, ile Spring.heeled Jack mazurkas danced outside my window-pane, d only cried as o'er the stones I heard that phantom run; earn such degradation, ye gods! what have I done ? phisto, by our friendship, in the future dark and grim, 'er you next of one " found drowned," ab, blame none else but him; making you avenger, I conclude this woeful strain, all true knights and gallants should with " Vive, viva la Reins I" F. FoaRESTER, Liverpool. Iam a lion, and once I was wild, And roamed trackless jungles by day and by night; A terror to townsmen and villagers near, tWho for safety from me aye depended on flight. But now I am irst, and my second, you'll find, Is is Regent's Park, and a very good place It is; and no more do I crave for the woods, But bow to my lot with a very good grace. R. L. JEFFERSON, London. NARRATIVE DUAGRAMS. suge the first two letters of a word to form another word, ex- pressed in the narrative.) "-The petals of the tall queen rose, When wet with dew, and glist'ning red, Cannot, my darling one, compare With the blushes on your cheek-which fled, Long years ago, love, to your nose. The dew-wet violets, heavenly tinted, Have not for me charms like thine eyes, Those beauteous wells where oft there dwells The look of love which never dies- But oh that look went when you squested. The priceless pearls which hidden lie Beneath the blue Paciflo's breast Do not such hidden charms possess As your pure teeth-the best, the best, The very best that you could buy. The glowing gold for which men dig, And dive, and delve in Mother Earth, Cannot compare, love, with thy hair, Thy sunny looks of priceless worth- For, oh, love I yours is but a wig. JooN C. C. We have made a great hit, you will surely admit, r success is phenomenal quite, we cannot conceal how elated we feel ltnr " show" in the " Tourney's" great fight. have both done our best, we've been put to the test, t the temper we've tried of our steel; its, you will say, we both are to-day, telling you just how we feel. if You sbould speak more plainly, as "cheek" r confession you'll p'r'aps designate; earesay to meet such unbounded conceit not eery often your fate. e e'en must confess that you never could guess emodest we sometimes can be, d it grieves us to tell that we're bashful as well- f ct, few are more so than we! I. L- JEFFEIRSON AND A. AMBErn LEY. TRIPTICH. o ord and orm a thitrl word of the last syllable of the first and ahe first syllable of the second.) ar an old familiar knock .At the door is heard resounding; And the fair young folks to'the doorway flock, Ad are met with a greeting cheery; y sit by the fire, their hands they lock, The aged folks surrounding; Ioigetting the winter cold and dreary, aboding the hlole to the bowed ones weary. Yo First Word, our frozen banks and surface s~tilled, our voiice no longer merry, is with the selfsme sorrow filled e witlhered leaf and berry. The e a SecooiWord. ehees are blanched, the lips are pale, - iP~ssio..nis deploited. . . The - ' -oitd;- ... . V, D, TA-sY o aND Jo-KING.
NARRATIVE TRIOlPRAM.. (Change the first three letters of a word to form another word, . expressed in the narrative.) 7.-There was an ancient troibadour of 'arlike Richard's time, Who courted all the ladies in the land; He'd swear he loved them deeply, and would sing of them in rhyme, Yet never would a maiden yield her hand. At length a damsel fair he saw on whom he fixed his mind, Quoth he, "I'll'win that lady, or I'll die I" A way to gain her promise he o3arce doubted he could find, So to her papa's castle soon did hie. He fearlessly ascended (we should call it sealed) the wall, And having tuned his highly-famed guitar, He twanged the strings with vigour, and upon the inaidl did call To fly with him to sunny lands afar. The elemeats, howe'er, conspired, and sent refreshing, showers. Which never for an instant cooled his love; But standing there, as scribes assert, he shrieked away for hours, Addressing her as" my angelic dove.", Though in the age of chivalry, forbearance had an end, And full of wrath her papa sallied forth; This knight in fight was skilful, for full oft had he to wend` His way to check the rebels of the north. Without the slightest warning, and disdaining e'en to tonoh The dripping, lovelorn minstrel with his sword, He lifted him not gently with his foot, which pained him much, And dropped' him in the nioat without a word. The would.be lover reached the land by chroniclers we're told, Then joined the warriors leaving for the East. Of those pugnacious Britons, like 'their leader, ever bold, Our minstrel, we're informed, was not the least. Devoting all'his enetigies to extirpate the foe, Renounoing lovely maidens, coy and fair, He met ai honoured death, we think 'tis well for you to know, But hist'ry can't inform us when or where. JonAL. Ye bards of eighteen-eighty-eight who fain would serenade, Abstain from doing so we you implore; For thougli you might commence it altogether un. dismayed, The end, perchance, would be a trifle sore. . J. STocKs AND E. GEORGE, London. NARRATIVE META-OMEGRAM. (Changathe first and last letters of a Word to form another word, expressed in the narrative.) 8.-A wondrous robe all stiff with gold, Ani gemlmed with jewels rare, A golden wreath of ounning work To deck her silken hair- Such royal gifts to Jason's wife The spur. 6d' Medea sends; By magic art these presents shall Work out her baleful ends. With hellish drugs of horrid pow'r, And incantations dire, The crown and robe, well-laden, bear- To slay Glanucd with fire. The royal maid with dainty grace Puts on the awful vest, And on her head the golden wreath Which death and pain invest. Oh, horrid sight! oh, hapless wife I The crown to fire soon turns; The'gold-stiff vest with cruel flame Her snow-white body burns. Ah, happy death! ah, soothing death I E'en thou didst pity take, And bore her blameless soul below, O'er Pluto's dreary lake. Poor, luckless father, on her corpse Thy soul was quick set free, And in the Elysian fields full soon Was with its loved Glaned. Was not thy vengeance full enough By two such crimes as these? That thou shouldst slay thy tender sons Thy hatred to appease ? Alas I Medea, thy sad tale Of fickleness and woe Euripides hath handed down, That modern men may know What penalties doth love outraged Inflict on faithless man- What awful crimes can woman do When Hate inspires the plan. ALCIBIAnsA R. ST. RITCH. META.OMEGRAHII. (Change the first and last letters of a word to form another word.) 9.-If some one raves about a girl With peach.like cheeks and teeth of pearl, With such a wealth of sunny hair, " No other maid couldbe more fair," And if he takes you by surprise To tell you of her be outeous eyes, Comparing them to skies above, You may first sure that he's in love. If that man who was once so gay You meet again another day, And see him with his eyes cast down, His eyebrows meeting in a frown; If, when you ask him what he seeks, Of fickle maids he wildly speaks, You'll tell with ease what it can mean- He has a favoured rival seen. If that same man you next again, And see no signs of grief or pain, But, with last joy and careless grace, He greets you with a smiling face; And if he, blushing, to you shows The portrait of "a girl he knows," You may then guess, without a fear, That there is one more wedding near. LA MYsTERIE. ARITHMOREM. (An acrostic. The letters of orosswords that are Roman numerals expressed in fiures.) Foundation Word. 10.--Yo say, Jo, I'm not looking well, My youthful elhole looks clouded; You think ideas I fain would tell Upon my brain are crowded. Oh, no, dear Jo, indeed you're wrong, Mly trouble is far greater, A trouble which has made me long Seem sitting on a crater. I'm not, as you suggest, in love, M[y money I'm not squand'ring On maidens fair, for much above This youthful heart's from wand'ring It is not caused because no more My native air so balmy I breathe, nor walk along the shore Of th' Thames, which used to charm me. Oh. sympathetio Jo, I'll state Tbhe cause of all my sorrow, The brokers (how the fiends I hate!) Are coming in toL-morrow. Cross Words. - 2,002 anud abrghn A town you'll behold, I'm very well sure. 500 ,, .erawr Strive hard, we are told, 'Fore this we procure. 550 ,, o We third must become, As yonu:allhtttest. 600 ;, ehtrne This dci.'d lufs by some, N6 dubtt htie~ofessed. . J. STocis, L'ondon.
METAGRAMS. (Ohangethe first letter ot a word to form another wordl,) 11.-Hail! " Tourney " queen, hear my appeal, `For to your cause I'm plighted, Anid at your footstool now I kneal, " Desiring to be knighted. I wear the spurs, I wield the lance, And oft a "Faber" brand; But my honour I would yet enhance ,,In being knighted by thy hand. And, though not fit like Ivanhoe To cope with a " Bois.Guilbert," Some vain "Piercie " I may o'erthrow, As did the peasant "Halbert." Orin the " Tourney's" first sports, if A charade be the game, Ilhy the gallant Romeo's part with Some fair Juliet of your train. ieo:t', honoured queen, if minstrel e'er, SWith harpsichord or lute, Did charm thy listening ear, . Then will I tune my flute. So, if you will but-condescend This humble bard to knight, You'll find in him a constant friend, A guardian of the right. R. WATT, Glasgow. 12.-They parted first the wicket gate, Que summer's morning, long ago; He held erect his curly head, His boyish face was all aglow. But, oh, the little maid was sad, Her pretty face was stained with tears, For'he was going off to school, The playmate of her childish years. The asmmer came and went again, The seconds passed at rapid pace, And she a maiden fair had grown, With modest mien and flower-like face; But in her heart there slumbered still The memory of those troubled tears, The'parting at the wicket gate, The playmate of her childish years. They nicet beside the wicket gate And whisper of the finals flown; His curly head is held erect With pride, for she is all his own. Through sun and shade, through joy and strife- Her eyes are bright with happy tears, For by her side will walk for life The playmate of her childish years. QUEENIL AND MARION. 13.-Oh, Mary I wherefore look so coldly on This hapless youth, and turn to William John? Oh, wherefore canse this loving heart such pain? Begin, my lyre, the mournful lover's strain. Thy hair is ruddy, and I thought thy heart Was also warm, but cold I find thou art; Else why wouldst thou my love for thee disdain ? Begin, my lyre, the mournful lover's strain. Ioe cream have I not first you in July, And ginger beer when snow obscured the sky ? And tea thou drankst as the dry earth drinks rain. Begin, my lyre, the mournful lover's strain. Yet, spite of all my care, a rival came. That you had known him first was I to blame? He next thy love; he all my hopes has slain. Begin, my lyre, the mournful lover's strain. Mary, for ever now farewell to thee. Here do I stand and gaze across the sea; From this high cliff I-turn to love again. Then cease, my lyre, the mournful lover's strain. PATRICK S., Belfast. 14.-The best horse in the regiment Is Number Forty-three; As good a steed of Arab breed As ever eye did see. The best man in the regiment Goes by the name of Tom; Since war began a truer man Ne'er marched to beat of drum. The best horse in the regiment Comes galloping with pride, With head erect, with ribbons decked, And Tom of ours astride. The fort at Berne is far away, But first will travel far; The shots are sped, and Tom lies dead Beneath his gallant marc. The fort at Berne is far away, But we will raze its towers, And vengeance cry, and do and die For Tom, last Tom of ours. G. LEE, Chorley. NARRATIVE METAG, .M. (The first letter of a word is changed, to fore, another word in the narracive.) (Goodyj.Goody speaks.) 15.-I am by nature so precise, That worldly ways I always shun, And seeing men with opened eyes, I blush for almost every one. Oh, dear, it is so very sad- Not one of them's a bit like me, And now I know girls are as bad And hopeless as could be. Not long ago I wooed a maid, So beautiful, divinely fair, Her cheeks threw roses into shade, And mild and modest seemcd her air; But as I knelt with bursting sigh, And hoped in life we might be linked, She turned on me a wicked eye, And absolutely winked. My soul at once rose up in arms, I could not wink at such a thing ; So I forsook her worldly charms, And of her face no more can sing. I thought to find another maid Who was not versed in wicked ways, Who'd not my innocence degrade, But charm me all my days. I found another handsome maid, And this one was a tall brunette, To whom a rival duty paid, And swore he'd live to win her yet. I came, I saw, I straightway won- Sent through my rival's heart a pang; But now my love for her is done, I found she practised slang. I still had hope, and tried again To find the girl deserving me; But never one, with bitter pain, I found from worldly ways is free. One boxed and bruised mylovely pate, One smoked, and offired " rigar, One betted on the Cup or Plate, And all are on a par. Where can I find the one I seek, Whose mind is set on higher things Than winning cash, and giving "cheek," And spending life in whims and flings ? Oh, for the olden days.Ipine, Acentury or two ago, When girls were counted so divine, Not articles of show ! IvA-eno., Belfast. CONUgDIRUA1L. 16,-Which king woitl48 g:&itTo a mouth ?.. . V. D, TAlrtn, Lancashire.
DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word. leaving another word.) 17.-Through Fancy's bright regions our flight we are taking, With hearts full of pleasure, and hand clasped in hand, A tribute of gladness and joy we'd be making For Marion, first in our band. We thank you, fair maiden, for welcomes the sweetest, For smiles of the brightest and best, And only regret that of fond words the meetest We can't call to mind, Nor at this moment finud Expressions of earnestness, truth, joy, or zest. You welcome us by the sweet title of " singers "- Ah, would that distinction we dared now to claim ! But in both our bosoms a small feeling lingers That such is not our share of fame. And so two blithe hearts are erstwhile full of sadness, And nothing dispela aught of sorrow and pain, Until your kind words fill us once more with gladness That knows not an end, Since you call each a friend In your tine sympathetic refrain. If friends that are faithful, and steadfast, and loyal, Form characteristics of our dear old " T.," Then we, with true love, will adhere to the royal Blithe heart of our queenly " ladye." And may her gay voice be as tuneful as ever, Its rich cadence ring last it has in the past; Still be what she always first, gentle and clever, To help and cheer all, Lest timid ones fall, And we will be true to the last. NELLIE WATSON AND MINNIE ST. JOHN, Cheshunt. 18.-Oh, don't you feel proud and elated, the day when you have your first " cig." P You wish that the fact could be stated o'er last the world, you feel so " big;" You feel that the world cannot hold you when you have accomplished this feat; You quite forget what's often told you, that after pride a irst you meet. But, oh! very soon you feel poorly-you wonder the reason 'tis so; Your pride is now lowered most sorely, and-outside the room then you go; The world has no pleasures now for you, you wish you could lie down and die, You vow that no one ever more shall see you with a " smoke," and you sigh. DRorao, London. 19.-'Tis something paid for something in the main, But grip the steel, you know then what to do And nexo we have a good, esculent grain- I think myself 'tis nice, but what think you P Behead again-in winter there's a lot, But I like it best when summer days are hot. J. W. SEWELL. NARRATIVE DECAPITATIONS. (Drop the first letter of a word, leaving another word, expressed in the sarrative.) HE. 20.-I'm going far away, dear wife, Across the foaming sea. But 'midst my day's work, toil, and strife, I'll always think of thee. I'm going to a distant land, Where other people stay; Your eyes are wet, you grasp my hand, As if to bar my way. But yet I from you, dear, must part, Although you are my wife; You surely know I love your heart Far better than my life ? SHE. But, dearest husband, can you leave Your wife and children dear ? Why will you cause my heart to grieve?. And leave your loved opes here ? HE. You ask the reason, dearest ? Zounds! The same I'll let you know. I've forged a cheque for fifty pounds ! That's why I want to go. t'. F. BOYD. 21.-I'm an unmarried maiden, all lone and distraught, From the fear that my dreams will in th' end come to naught; I have had many offers, proposals, and smiles, I've scorned one and all, and I've laughed at their wiles ; And this is the reason-its logic, pray, see- They wanted my coffers, and cared not for me! And so I'm a spinster with much of the tin. Will no one come forward this damsel to win ? He must be good-looking, attractive, and trim, Then if he'll take me-well, I think I'll take him! V. D. TAYLOR,, Warrington. NARRATIVE CURTAILMENT. (Drop the final letter of a word, lmaving another word, expressed in the narrative.) 22.-E re I lay down my pen, I fain would write A word or two in praise of beauteous spring; Spring I (hackneyed theme of many a riddling knight!) T hough I am hoarse thy praises I will sing; " E ntrancing are thy beauties, and thy voice R ecalls the flow'rs and shrubs to life once more. 'T hy presence makes the little birds rejoice: I nstinct tells them that winter bleak is o'er." M y muse forsakes me now, so I will end B re I write lines that will your grace offend. LoNG SNowsnoE, Bathgato. CURTAILMENT. (Drop tho.final letter of a word, leaviun another word.) 23.-Another name find for a mill Wherein goods are made; Curtail, and now the agent will Appear to you instead. R. WATT, Glasgow,